VOLUME LXXXIII.— NO. 163.
REPORT THAT SPAIN'S FLEET HAS BEEN CRUSHED
NEW YORK, May 11 •—(From the London Telegraph correspondent, off Havana, via Key West, Fla*, Wednes
day*)—l was informed by the captain of the Vicksburg, when I hailed that vessel just after daybreak this morning, that
news had reached the blockading fleet of an action between Rear Admiral Sampson's squadron and the Spanish Cape Verde
fleet, east of Hayti, in which the latter had sustained a crushing defeat*
Whether there is any foundation for the report more than mere rumor, I cannot say, as I was unable to get a vessel
to take me to Porto Rican waters* If the action has been fought the details should reach you from St* Thomas or Jamaica
before they become known here*
NO BREATHING SPELL TO
BE VOUCHSAFED TO SPAIN
ADMIEAL SAMPSON'S FLEET WHEN ASSEMBLED OFF THE CITY OF SAN JUAN, PORTO RICO.
PEOPLE OF SPAIN
CRYING FOR PEACE
A Membef of the Spanish Cabinet
Predicts That the End of the
-Var Is Very Near.
Every One, He Says, Is Desirous of Ending Hostili
ties, but None Are Brave Enough to
Speak First.
Copyrighted. 1898. hr Jam** Gordon Burnett.
MADRID, May — I have jurt had a
conversation with one of :he members
of the Cabinet, which may throw a true
light upon the workings of the Spanish
politicians at the present moment. He
said:
"A change in the Cabinet is bound to
come, and almost at once. In that
change Senor Moret will be first to go,
and with him those others who are not
popular tinder the present condition of
public sentiment."
"That means," I asked, "that more
energetic war measures will be inaug
urated?"
To my surprise he replied: "No, I
consider that any change which may
come will be in favor of peace. The
truth is. every one now at heart wishes
peace, but there are none brave enough
to speak first." .
"Do you think General Campos is the
coming man?" I asked.
"Well." he replied, somewhat hesitat
ingly, "I consider that by the middle of
next month General Campos will be in
power, and, although his will be a mili
tary government, it will be in favor of
peace."
I have just returned from a tour in the
provinces, and can most strongly affirm
that the Spanish people are weary of
war, of Cuba and of all trouble, ttagna
tion of trade, misery and starvation.
At Ageciras, an Englishman who lives
among the people told me they were
simply starving. There is no work and
no money. Bread has risen, as also all
other necessaries of life.
Here in Madrid nearly all places of
public entertainment are closed. The
Stock Exchange is at a standstill, and
ruin among persons of average means
is widespread. The streets are fuller
than ever of desperately hungry women,
crying for food for their starving chil
dren. Even the bull ring was half
empty last Sunday, and when that is the
case matters are indeed in extremes.
One of the most respectable brokers
in the country has committed suicide,
and tales of others being ruined are
heard constantly. Business on the
Stock Exchange is dull.
The Government keeps talking about
raising money which may be voted, but
where it is to be collected from no one
can say.
The Liberal fills three columns with
notices of riots from one end of Spain
to the other, and in three weeks it is
stated that there will be a bread famine
in Madrid.
Politics are in such a state that, as a
member of the Cabinet says: "What is
The San Francisco Call
most terrible is that absolutely no one
can well foresee what the future of this
country will be, for everything that is
worst is in view."
The so-much-talked-of national sub
scription amounted to nothing at all a
drop in the ocean, enough for a few
days' supplies if war were to be carried
on vigorously, not from any lack of
patriotism in the people, but simply be
cause they have not the cash to give.
In summing up its leading article
upon the condition of the country, the
Liberal says: "In addition to the trou
bles of the Antilles and the Philippines,
we are face to face with the necessity of
declaring martial law throughout Spain,
where discord, misery and exasperation
cry out at every door."
People are crying for food, not for
war. Of that I can assure you.
U. S. GRANT TO COMMAND
SAN DIEGO MINUTE MEN.
Son of the Great General Elected
Colonel of Newly Organized
Recruits.
SAN DIEGO, May 11.— The minute
men of this city, who have formed sev
eral companies, this evening chose U.
S. Grant, son of the great general, as
their colonel. Dr. D. Gochenaur was
chosen lieutenant-colonel
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, MAY 12, 1898.
FAIL TO
LAND MEN
AND ARMS
American Warships Said to
Have Been Repulsed at
Cienfuegos.
Report From Havana of a Des
perate Engagement That
Lasted Eight Hours.
NEW YORK, May v.— A cable to a
morning paper from Havana says that
four American warships attacked Cien
fuegos this morning and made two at
tempts to land men and arms, but were
repulsed and withdrew.
Altogether fourteen Spaniards were
wounded, after eight hours' fighting.
The fire from the American ships de
stroyed the cable station, and the dis
patch adds that considerable damage
CRUISER CHARLESTON
GETS ORDERS TO SAIL
VALLEJO, May ii. — Orders were received from
Washington to-day for the cruiser Charleston to pro
ceed immediately to Manila without waiting for the
transport fleet. No actual date was set for the sail
ing of the Charleston, but she will undoubtedly leave
for the Philippines before Saturday.
must have been sustained by the Ameri
cans.
DEWEY A REAR ADMIRAL.
WASHINGTON, May 11.— The Sen
ate to-day confirmed these nomina
tions: George Dewey to be s. rear ad
miral.
J. C. Auld and W. V. Alderson of
Montana to be a commission to exam
ine into and classify lands within the
land RTant and indemnity land grrant
limits of the Northern Pacific Railroad.
Postmasters: California— W. W. Wil
son, Ohico; M. B. Lowne, Orange; John
G. Joy, Salinas.
Sampson to Strike,
and Without
Delay.
General Merritt Will Com
mand the Manila
Expedition.
Complete Conquest in the West
Indies Expected Within
Two Weeks.
Call Office, Riggs House, Washington, May EX.
The administration has perfected its plans for the vigorous prosecution of
the war against Spain along four important lines, namely, the reinforcement
of Admiral Dewey at Manila, the bombardment of San Juan and seizure of
Porto Rico by Admiral Sampson, the invasion of Cuba by a mighty army of
regulars and volunteers, and the shelling of Morro Castle and the other de
fenses of the doomed city of Havana.
The cruiser Charleston will leave San Francisco as soon after noon to
morrow as possible, and will carry supplies of provisions and at least 150 tons
of ammunition, including 500 rounds of eight-inch shells for the big guns of
the Olympia, 20,000 six-inch and 10,000 five-inch shells for the rifles of tha
smaller cruisers and an enormous quantity of powder, estimated at 170,000
pounds.
Following the Charleston as speedily as possible the troop ships will ba
pent, and at a late hour to-night the important announcement is made that
they will be commanded by General Wesley Merritt. who will bear a commis
sion from the President as the military governor of the Philippine Islands,
which he will hold until peace with Spain has been declared.
The second feature of the administration's programme — the bombardment
of Porto Rico — may ere this have been carried to a successful conclusion.
Admiral Sampson has been advised that the department believes the Spanish
fleet is still on the other side of the Atlantic, and hence there is no further
reason for delay in carrying out the instructions given for the reduction of
San Juan.
No credence is given the report cabled from Madrid to-night that tha
combined Spanish fleets have started for Manila to wrest the Philippines from
Dewey's grasp.
Reports have been current that Admiral Sampson has been instructed hi
abandon the operations against Porto Rico and return with all speed to Ha
vana. These rumors lack confirmation and are not accepted by the most ex
perienced observers for the reasons: First, that Sampson has been at great
pains to tow three powerful monitors to Porto Rico, which alone would b«
easily equal to the task of compelling San Juan to capitulate, and which would
probably be left at that port should Sampson hurriedly return to Havana; and,
second, because the administration will not require the co-operation of tha
fleet in front of Havana within the next six or seven days, a period ample to
enable Sampson to return from Porto Rico after having fully accomplished hi*
mission there.
The third move planned by the Board of Strategy — the invasion of Cuba
has already been begun and will take definite shape on Monday or Tuesday
of next week, when the first transport will leave for the landing place on th«
Cuban coast which has been decided upon.
As previously stated in these dispatches, General Shafter will personally
direct active operations in the field at the outset, but General Miles, with tha
enthusiasm and eagerness that has stimulated the whole army and inspired his
aids to wonderful activity, has decided to take command in person, and after
the troops have all been landed will make his headquarters on Cuban soil and
direct operations from his tent in the field.
The advance upon Havana will resemble a mighty wave in its resistless
force. Sixty thousand American troops, supported by the most powerful
artillery that can be put in the field, including all the latest engines of modern
warfare devised for field use, will move upon Havana, not laboriously through
swamps and morasses, but over a road to be built as the army progresses by
a corps of expert engineers under the superivsion of General Roy Stone, who
has been detailed from the Bureau of Roads by the Secretary of Agricultura
for this special service.
While this splendid army is marching on Havana from the rear the ad
ministration's fourth move will be made. The mighty Oregon, which has mad«
such a magnificent run from the Pacific, may fire the first gun at Morro Castle.
Racing up the South American coast, the big battleship to-night lies off Pern
ambuco, and in seven days can reach Havana, for which she is steaming at her
highest speed under orders from the Navy Department. A transport has been
sent to meet her in Cuban waters, carrying coal enough to fill her bunkers,
and 500 rounds of ammunition for her thirteen-inch rifles.
Unless Admiral Sampson starts from Porto Rico promptly the Oregon
will outstrip his fleet, and when the "invasion takes place will be the most
powerful vessel in front of Havana. Out of range of the Krapp guns on Morro
Castle, Captain Clark can throw his 1000-pound shells into Havana and drivo
Blanco and his forces upon the bayonets of the American army marching upon
the city from the rear.
In a fortnight the administration's plans will have been executed with tha
exception of the actual landing of reinforcements at Manila, and within a
month the stars and stripes will float over Manila, San Juan and the wreck o!
the Maine in the harbor of Havana.
i
PRICE FIVE CENTS.2
BELKNAP ON
THE NAVAL
SITUATION
Believes Sampson's Orders
Were Similar to
Dewey's.
He Has No Doubt of Our Ability
to Reduce the Fortifications
In the West Indies.
BOSTON, May 11.— I am willing to
accept as true the London Globe's dis
patch which says that the Cape Verde
squadron has arrived at Cadiz. There
is little doubt that the ships have gone
there, and no doubt the Spaniards in
tend a united effort against our fleet.
Pending that attack I do not, of course,
know what will be done, for I know
nothing of the plans of the Navy De
partment.
Admiral Sampson, with his fleet of
powerful vessels, is approaching Porto
Rico, but what he will do when he gets
there depends gTeatly on what his or
ders were. My impression is that when
he sailed from Key West it was with
the understanding and belief that the
Spanish fleet was coming across the
ocean.
The Navy Department doubtless be
lieved that the fleet would go to Porto
Rico. Admiral Sanipson, I believe, was
ordered there with orders exactly sim
ilar to those which Commodore Dewey
received; that is, to destroy the Span
ish fleet and to capture Porto Rico. He
sailed prepared to do that, and I do
not think that he has been able to re
ceive news of the arrival of the Span
ish tleet at Cadiz. If he did not receive
this latter information, then what he
will now do depends greatly on what
his original orders were. If his orders
were to simply destroy the Spanish
fleet I do not think that he would at
tack Porto Rico. If they were to de
stroy the fleet and then capture Porto
Rico he will probably capture the place,
even though he does not meet with the
fleet.
As to the expediency of our fleets at
tacking Porto Rico and Havana now, I
should say that it was a question for
serious consideration. I believe that
the Spanish fleet will cross the ocean
to give us battle. If it does we should
be able to meet .t with our best and
strongest vessels.
A '.vise naval commander would not
persist in an attempt to capture either
Porto Rico or Havana, if he found that
the guns and the gunners were of
equal quality. That is. 1 do not believe
a prudent naval commander would
xisk his best ships to a fir«
that might reasonably be expect
ed to sink or disable them
when it is possible that power
ful Spanish ships were on the way
across the ocean. Therefore I believe
that Admiral Sampson will doubtless
make an attempt on the forts a^ Porto
Rico to see what' their strength is. If
they are not exceptionally strong, as j
they probably are not, and if the Span
ish gunnery is not any better than it !
was at Manila, he will probably reduce
the city and invr-Ft it when the army is
ready for occupation.
At Havana, doubtless, he will pro
ceed to do the same thing, when Porto
Kico is secure.
I would not be surprised if the re
ports were true that French and Ger
man gunners have reached Havana,
SCARCITY OF
PURE WATER
AT KEY WEST
Supply of the City Is Running
Low and Soon Will Be Eq
tirely Exhausted.
KEY WEST, May 11.— The water problem is getting serious at this
place. Naval officers recognize it, and they are looking anxiously
for the smoke from the stack of the big Government condenser which
is promised tc supply 40,000 gallons daily per contract. The plant
should have started on April 25, but it is not yet in operation. The of
ficers in charge of this station are skeptical of the condenser's abil
ity" to produce 20,000 gallons.
Key West's water resources are most primitive and limited. The
shallow wells in the town are all more or less brackish and under sus
picion of surface drainage. Two companies at various times have
driven artesian wells 1800 and 2300 feet deep, but they have never se
cured fresh water.
The town lives by cisterns and rain barrels. The cisterns, filled dur
ing the rainy season, usually run very low by the close of the dry sea
son, which is now due. This year, in addition to the rains coming
very late, the town has had its population doubled by the presence of
troops, shir>£< and war vessels and the army of newspaper correspond
ents and their tugs, which vessels take water by the thousand gallons,
not only for themselves, but for their boilers.
Of course the war vessels and some of the hospital and other craft
have condensers, but the draft on the town supply is still abnormal.
The torpedo-boats are without condensing apparatus, and they have
been scouting for fresh water as keenly as buccaneers after Spain's
galleons. Every discovery of a fresh cistern is hailed like a strike
in the Klondike, and every gallon of water has many purchasers, all
with money and anxious to outbid each other.
All who can afford it (that is to say, the newspaper correspondents
and the officers), drink bottled water, but a dearth of this supply Is
approaching. Most of the unpretentious brands of bottled water are
$1 a gallon, and "live" water is 15 cents a pint by the hundred bottles.
To make matters worse, the drug stores let their supply of water
run out before telegraphing for more, and there is a corner on water
between the grocery store, hotel and Cuban Club.
The Government reservoirs at the naval station, from which the en
gine-room is supplied, contain les* than 2000 gallons of water, and it ig
reported among the dispatch-boats that there is less than 1000 gallons of
rain water available in town, and this of a very poor quality.
DID NOT SIGHT THE
CAPE VERDE FLEET.
Cruiser Harvard. Returns From a
Scouting Voyage of Several
Days' Duration.
ST. PIERRE, Martinique. May 11.—
The auxiliary cruiser Harvard arrived
at St. Pierre this evening at 10 o'clock
and anchored. Inquiries made of the
men on the cruiser brought out the
•tatement that she had not sighted the
i perhaps on the French steamer Lafay
i ette, and are ready to assist in the at
tack of pur vessels. If it is true, then
I we will have a chance for diplomatic
; action later on, though I do not think
I the matter is of eno-ugh importance to
: induce war between the United States
and France.
Advices state that Havana is de
; fended with Krupp guns. There are no
I better guns In the world than the
i Krupp. Ours are as good, but no bet
! ter. If these guns are properly handled
i at Havana (and it has always been ac
cepted as true that guns on shore are
of much greater effect than on ship
: board) Admiral Sampson may be con
vinced that he had better not attack
! Havana until he knows for certain the
i movements of the Spanish fleet.
There is no question of our ability to
j capture both Porto Rico and Havana.
! I do not believe the reports that Ha-
I vana has 100,000 Spanish soldiers. With
' the aid of the fleet, our army of 65,000
men could readily reduce and capture
Havana. But if Sampson should lose
j some of his best vessels in the fight,
j and the Spanish fleet should cross the
: ocean, it would make it troublesome for
him.
In the Philippines I see no change in
j the situation. Commodore Dewey has
> absolute control of the place, though I
, think he does not occupy more than the
Cavite battery and Corregidor Island
at the entrance of the bay, if, in fact,
he has that stronghold. When the
! troops arrive he will have no difficulty
; in taking possession of the city of Ma
! nila.
I anticipate no difficulty from the mi
i surgents. As for the European pow
ers, what can they do? Germany does
not look upon our victory with favor,
but England does. Besides, the Phll
: ippines are a conquest of war. The
nations have no right to interfere, and
if they do we will have England to
> stand beside us.
Dewey's victory, I must say, was a
most significant one. I believe no
| victory in the history of naval warfare
surpasses it. I knew that Dewey was
the man for the Asiatic station, and
when a new commander for the sta
; tion was under consideration I wrote
him that he was the man to take it.
| I do not credit the story that he did
! not want the command. Every naval
• officer knows that out there the pros
' pect of lively times was present nearly
; all the time. The actions of Russia
! and France and Germany in grabbing
; parts of China made the situation in
: teresting.
I attribute the slight damage to the
: American fleet to the fact that the gun
| ners did not know how to shoot
■ straight. While they had Krupp guns
'■ they did not know how to use them.
! You know when they talk they shrug
their shoulders, which takes as much
part in their conversation as do their
tongues. Probably they stopped to
shrug their shoulders while aiming
their guns, plainly an unnecessary and
fatal maneuver.
GEORGE E. BELKNAP,
Rear-Admiral, U. S. N. (Retired).
Spanlßh Cape Verde Islands fleet,
though her cruise continued for several
days and covered hundreds of miles
around points where the fleet would
naturally have first appeared.
The St. Louis at Basse Terre.
POINTE-A-PITRE, via Hayti, May
11.— The auxiliary cruiser St Louis ar
rived at Basse Terre at 10 o'clock this
morning. Basse Terre is a seaport town
of the West Indies, and the capital of
the French island of Guadeloupe on its
southwest coast.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, TH.T7BSPAY, MAY 12, 1898.
EXPLOSION
ON A SHIP
OF SPAIN
Torpedo- Boat Destroyer Is
Reported to Have
Been Sunk.
British Vessel Brings News of the
Disaster and the Probable
Loss of the Crew.
LONDON, May 11.— A dispatch to the
Globe from Gibraltar says a British
steamer which has just arrived there
reports officially that she passed yes
terday evening a Spanish torpedo-boat
destroyer which was guarding Alge
ciras Bay and the straits. Shortly after
the steamer passed her all the lights' of
the destroyer Avere suddenly extin
guished, a terrific explosion followed
immediately and the destroyer disap
peared.
The disaster, the dispatch adds, was
apparently caused by the explosion of
CLIMATE MORE TO BE
FEARED THAN SPANIARDS
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
HONGKONG, May 11.— A rumor has been cabled here that 5000 Ameri
can troops were assembling at San Francisco for service in Manila. I Inter,
viewed to-day a gentleman familiar with the situation In the Philippines, who
says the United States could not do a more useless thing than to send a
small force of troops there.
"The plague," he says, "Is rampant at Canton and growing In virulence
at Hongkong, where more Europeans have been attacked this year than
ever before.
"The Manila climate will be the death or more than half of those sent
aut here inside of four months. Besides, they will be of little or no use.
Five thousand troops are not enough to take the field against the Spaniards,
If the latter are able to fight at all, and If the Spaniards are overwhelmed
by Insurgents the American soldiers are needed to do garrison work.
Hiat number would be absurdly Inadequate if the United States had the
idea of occupying the Philippines permanently. No troops should be sent
here until autumn, when not less than 25,000 men should be landed at
vianila. Unacclimatized recruits will die like Hies during the summer."
MILES WILL START
FOR TAMPA TONIGHT
Officers Selected to Accompany the
fJommander-in-Chief of the
Army.
WASHINGTON, May 11.— A final de
cision has been reached by General
Miles, commanding the army, to leave
Washington for Tampa to-morrow
night. The following officers wm ac
company the general: Captain Francis
Michler, Captain M. P. Morse, Lieuten
ant Colonel J. C. Gilmore, Major Gen
eral Joseph C. Breckinridge and Briga
dier General Rodgers of the volunteer
army; Colonel Charles R. Greenleaf
Lieutenant Colonel Wagner, chief of
the military information division of the
War Department; Major Henry B. Os
good, commissary; Major Eli L. Hug
gins. Captain W. S. Seyburn, Captain
Hugh L. Scott and First Lieutenant E.
D. Sanderson.
Colonel Wagner will have charsre of
the Bureau of Military Intelligence
while the army is in the field. He will
be assisted in his work by Lieutenant
Anderson, who is at present in his office,
and other officers in the field will be de
tailed as the work of the bureau in
creases. General Miles will have his
headquarters in the field, and a great
maps of papers, charts and other data
of a. military character have been pack
ed, ready for shipment to Tampa.
Boosevelt Eager for Battle.
WASHINGTON, May 11.— Charles H.
Allen took up his duties as Assistant
Secretary of the Navy to-day. Colonel
Roosevelt will leave for San Antonio,
Texas, to-morrow. He is burning up
v.ith eagerness to get his rangers to
Cuba as soon as any troops. In this
he will be disappointed, but he says
his regiment will be rushed to the
limit.
DECLARE OTIS
UNFIT TO LEAD
OUR SOLDIERS
Stroog* Resolutions Adopted by the
Los Angeles Labor
Council.
LOS ANGELES, May 11.— At a meeting of the Los Angeles Labor
Council this evening tie following resolutions were unanimously
adopted :
Whereas, Danger is «■ pending in the threatened appointment of
Harrison Gray Otis as brigadier general of volunteers, Army of the
United States, by President William McKinley; therefore be it
Resolved, That we, the Labor Council of Los Angeles County, do
hereby protest against the appointment of said Harrison Gray Otis to
the said office of brigadier general of volunteers for the following rea
sons:
First— That the said Otis is totally unfitted to hold the position in
that he is lacking in the necessary natural attainments; that to place
a person of his violent temper and strong prejudices over a brigade
of volunteer soldiers would be productive of most unfortunate results
to the soldiers of the brigade and to the country they were endeavoring
to serve.
Second— That Otis has for ten years been making a fight upon and
expressing his contempt for laboring men and has abused, vilified and
lied about them t : all times. As a brigade of soldiers will be made up
largely of workingmen the appointment of a person of Otis' well-known
and oft-expressed views of the men he would command would not ef
fect satisfactory results.
Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions be at once forwarfled
to the California delegation in Congress and that we do most earnest
ly petition the President not to name Otis, the labor crusher, as a
brigadier general of volunteers, and that a copy of these resolutions
also go to the "War Department.
the boilers of the torpedo boat de
stroyer. It is feared that all on board
of her have perished.
The Spanish torpedo boat destroyer
reported to be blown up near Gibral
tar is probably the Destructor. She
is classed as a torpedo gunboat. She
was built of steel at Clyde Bank in
1887, and was 192 feet 6 inches iong,
and was estimated to have a speed of
about 22^ knots. Her armament con
sisted of- one 3.5 inch gun, four six
pounders, quickflring, and four Maxim
guns. She had three torpedo tubes and
a crew o,f 55 men.
SECOND EXPEDITION TO
THE COAST OF CUBA
It Is Belie ve 4 That the Steamship
Florida Will Sail From Tampa
To-Day.
TAMPA, Fla., May 11.— There is good
reason to believe that inside of twenty
four hours another expedition with the
same purpose and destination as that
of the CiUHsie, which left here yester
day loaded with arms and ammunition
and supplß-s tor the Cuban insurgents,
will slip from Port Tampa, The Flor
ida, one of the Plant line boats char
tered by the Government for use as a
transport, has taken on a large cargo
of Springfield rifles and ammunition
and the stalls for horses and mulea
have been completed. The"boa.t is ly
ing at the dock with full steam up and
no one is allowed on board. General
Wade went out to the port to-day and
held a long conference with Superin
tendent Fitzgerald of the Plant line of
steamers, anil it is believed that orders
were given to have the boat ready for
sailing at a moment's notice.
FOB COALING STATIONS.
Resolution Offered in the Senate by
Mr. Chandler.
WASHINGTON, May 11.— In the Sen
ate to-day ("handler of New Hamp
shire offered the following resolution,
which was adopted:
That the Committee on Naval Affairs
be directed to make inquiries concerning
the expediency of securing and establish
ing for thy T'nited States additional coal
ing stations at suitable points in foreign
waters, and. as to each coaling station
which may lit- deemed necessary, to ascer
tain what are its dimensions, condition
and expenses of occupancy and mainte
nance and the best method of securing
the right to maintain such station, and
report by bill or otherwise.
INVASION OF
CUBA WELL
UNDER WAY
No Time Will Be Lost in
Transporting the Amer
ican Army.
Doubt at Washington That Spain's
Fleet Has Returned to
Cadiz.
Call Office, Rlggs House,
Washington, May 11.
The army movement on Cuba Is now
fairly launched, and to-day's news de
veloped a concerted effort all along the
line to begin aggressive operations on
a big scale far the ejectment of the
Spanish troops and Government from
the pearl of the Antilles. An order
given this afternoon by the War De
partment for the purchase of 5,000,000
rations is an earnest of the scale on
which preparations are making for in
vasion of Spain's territory. Of this vast
quantity, one- fourth is to go to the
Philippines by way of San Francisco
and the balance to Cuba.
For some reason there appeared to be
a temporary check in ' the practical
working out of the plans of the War
Department for the Cuban movement.
After everything had been made ready
for the departure last night General
Miles was detained, and for a time to
day the rather gloomy prospect of an
indefinite postponement of the first
military expedition was presented. Lat
er, however, the obstacle, whatever
FIRST AMERICAN TROOPS
TO LAND ON CUBAN SOIL
NEW YORK, May 11. — A Key West special says that
information has reached that place of the landing within
fifty miles of Havana of the expedition under command
of Captain Dorst, Fourth Cavalry, which left Tampa yes
terday on board the transport Gussie.
It was, was removed, and it was again
announced that the commanding gen
eral, with a numerous staff, would ;
leave Washington to-morrow directly
for Tampa.
The department has made a great
many changes in . the original pro
gramme laid down for the concentra- >
tlon of troops, and as indicated in these !
dispatches yesterday, many bodies of !
volunteers that were originally slated
tor one of the great concentration j
camps have found themselves suddenly
under orders to proceed direct to South
ern points, so that soon volunteers from
the East and Middle West will be mov- !
ing swiftly to Florida and the Gulf, I
while from the Far West the cars will j
be carrying troops to San Francisco. |
To-day's news, in connection with the !
recall of General Miles' orders to Tarn- |
pa, is pretty substantial evidence of a j
very early movement of troops in j
strong force to Cuba, while the Philip
pine programme, of course, has been
definitely fixed for some days.
Contrary to expectations, the day
passed at the Navy Department with
out news from Admiral Sampson. Not
withstanding what appear to be con
firmatory newspaper advices relative to
the presence of the Spanish Cape Verde j
fleet at Cadiz, the Navy Department j
officials are beginning to entertain !
ADVERTISEMENTS.
How many men you meet in the everyday walks of life who are throwing ■
away . money ' on cheap clothing. ! Whole suits that cost in first hands $3 to $4,
wearers pay from $5 to $15 and even more, for truly there are places that sell
clothing for all they can get, rather than its real value. They call It all wool,
and it may be shoddy wool that has been ; used "over and over again," until it
has no real value; fades, turns gray, goes to pieces. We keep such clothing :.
and sell it at ?5, but do not encourage its sale while good clothing is so cheap.
OUR 2 RE AT LEADERS
Are first for a business or knockabout suit or even Sunday wear in many
homes. A stout cassimere Cala. wool made ,on the coast. Clothing made up
here. Every suit. sold helps many people that need your help, and the price is •
only
$10 A SUIT.
Some styles $9; extra sizes abo -- 42 a little more, as it takes more goods,
and we work on close lines. >, It has more real value than 18 of the cheap 'suits, t
Then we have black clay worsteds for Sunday wear at same price — $10. ; Good
enough for a Governor. ; ' : ,f ';
You have trie our groceries, our hardware, our house furnishings, our
shoes, but you have not tried our clothing— where you can save half and get
what you want, instead ol what somebody wants to sell you. .
TAILOR=MADE SUITS
For men or worn' n, from a few dollars up to the best made; Klondike suits, %
; children's suits. Everything to be as represented. We want trade '.':t- cash
buyers, and have the goo'us to supply them. .
=55 *§B| , The Li vest and Liveliest Store in the City
ORR JMB&^xB j A " car llnes terminate here. 7 big floors bulging
'^BflV- Wg£gjSfJ -with goods at retail to consumers everywhere for cash
>^ifiteS||£PgjjWSHr/ only. .44-page list ready. Send for it. We guarantee
HpS^' ' all the' goods .we sell. Liberality our motto. The store
— M I, — ~^' ■ that deals honestly with' all the people— all the time. ';;'
25-27 MARKET STREET, S.F.
doubts as to the accuracy of the report.
Tt was not possible during- the course
of the day to obtain anything like offi
cial- confirmation of the report
received yesterday, but this Is not to be
wondered at In -view of the success
which the Spanish Government has so
far met with In keeping secret the
movements of its naval ships.
Until news comes from Admiral
Sampson of his doings in and around
Porto Rico it cannot be said definitely
what programme shall be decided on
as regards that Island. It has been sug
gested that some of the troops now
being hurried so rapidly to the gulf
coast may be intended to co-operate
with Admiral Sampson in the reduction
of the fortifications at San Juan de
Porto Rico and the subsequent occupa
tion of the island. It is felt that the
admiral will be in a rather disagree
able plight, supposing even that he
managed to reduce the forts with his
fleet, if he were obliged to remain there
In occupation of the place for lack of
troops, when he might otherwise be
urgently needed either on the Cuban
coast or somewhere in the Atlantic to
meet the Spanish fleet.
An evidence of the wisdom of having
the troop transports near at hand in
such cases is shown by the predica-
ment Admiral Dewey Is believed to be
In at Manila, where, for lack of troops,
he Is unable to occupy the town and to
prevent atrocities which the insur
gents are capable of committing upon
their helpless Spanish foes.
The revival of doubts as to the
whereabouts of the Cape Verde squad
ron caused anxiety as to the Oregon.
The ship was at Bahia at last ac
counts, and she is believed to have
started a day or two ago up the Bra
zilian coast to join Sampson's squad
ron in the "West Indies. She will have
to make a run of 3000 miles, which will
occupy the Oregon about ten days only,
as she is in fine fettle and averaged
thirteen knots an hour on the long run
around from San Francisco. However,
It is believed that Admiral Sampson is
as well posted as any one in Washing
ton as to the conditions existing in the
West Indies, and he will doubtless do
whatever is necessary in his judgment
to safeguard the ship in her run up the
coast.
During the past month the bureau of
construction and repair of the Navy
Department spent one million and a
quarter dollars in the repair and out
fitting of ships, and none of this money
went to new construction. This is said
to be the largest expenditure in this
particular line made by the equipment
bureau, even during the days of the
Civil War.
BUSINESS
DIRECTORY
Of Responsible Merchants,
Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders,
Jobbers, Insurance and Real
Estate Agents.
In Corresponding With Any of the Following
Firms Please Mention "The Call."
ART GLASS. Q. : -
California Art - Glass. Bending and Cutting
Works, 103-105 Mission St., cor. Spear.
Embossing. Staining, Beveling. w ™-
Schroeder, Pres. Telephone Main 808.
ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
\M. T. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 101.-.. Claus Spreckels Bid*.
Telephone Brown 931. . _
Residence, $21 California street, below
Powell, San Francisco. . r
. . BELTING.
I P DFfiFV Manufacturer of Belting and
L. I*. DCUfciN, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
Agent for Rubber Belting and Packing.
BOILER MAKERS.
«3I f8 W. J. Brady's Patent
it fl DETACHABLE
ii A .it, MUD DRUM
SBSSS!S6tS-£3& for Steam Boilers,
! . J^~s!W*fT^J Manufactured by
I EUREKA BOILER WORKS
f W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Bpeeial Attention Paid to Rspairn and Ship Work.
j Office and Works— ll3-115 MISSION STREET
Telephone Main 5045. -
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell,
: Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
BOOKBINDERS. -
JT) ifnnPPVßr Bookbinder and Printer,
i Jji illliri i 1 iIL, 422 Commercial street.
BRUSHES.
"DDTTOUI7C for barbers, bak-
rjri U UlllJU ers - bootblacks, bath-
I UllUUilUl^ houses. billiard-tables.
'■■ brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
' dyers, flourmiils, foundries, laundries, paper-
i hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
) stablemen, tar- roofers, tanners, tailors, etc. \
. BUCHANAN BROS.,
; Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St.
COPPERSMITH.
Joseph Pox, Supt. H. Blyth. M«rr.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing, Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone, Main 5641.
DRAYAGE.
McNAB & SMITH,
Draymen, Mercantile Warehouse.
: Stands— 2os Davis St. and Corner Fifth
and Bluxome Sts. Telephone, Main 1372.
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE).
REDINGTON & CO. , ioT£ti an^ ea -
HARDWARE.
DALACE Hardware Co., lmporters & Dealers
* in Hardware, 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton & Hedley, Props..
i 234 Fremont St. . Castings of Every De-
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
PAPER DEALERS.
U/ll I AMPTTF PULP AND PAPER CO.,
IIILLAiTiCi 722 Montgomery Street.
PATENTS.
(i -^patents! i]
patents! 1)
AS^33O MARKET stTsP^y
SPECIAL NOTICE I
THE TAVERN OF CASTLE CRAG
Will Be Open for the Reception of Quests-
JUNE FIRST.
Owing to the favorable weather conditions In
the Shasta region and at the request of many
patrons The Tavern of Castle Crag will be
opened for the reception f of guests Wednesday,
June 1, two weeks earlier than usual.
The resasonablecharges and the superior man-
agement which have characterized this well-
known resort will be continued.
Applicants for accommodations prior to June
1 should address Mr. George Schonewald, Man-
ager, room 59, Union Trust building, San Fran-
cisco. After above date they should address
him at Castle Crag, Shasta County. Cal.
'^P% IS THE PROPER DISTANCt
at wHkH aHormal eye should clearly
DISTINGUISH letter^ % of a"H iHcH LOH&.
CALL and HAVE y°llß EYES TESTED
~-\<. FREt <f CHARGE. -i\r
642 Market St.
UNDfcR C-KRPNICLE BUILDIN6.
GniAin IinTTI Tariff-Plan sent on
RAND HOTEL, Application, en-
nftilU IIUILLj ablW rooms to bo
- r-\ A r-»i/-s -. secured by corres-
PA RIS pondence. and
,' I ■ r"\l \lv_/i Terms arranged.
>. - , Tariff- Plan can also
be obtained -at all Sleeping Car Agencies.
Unique situation on the Grands Boulevards,
the Place de r Opera, the Rue Scribe the Rue
Auber. All the Comforts of Modern Life .Lift
all Night. Electricity Throughout. Post and
Telegraph Office. Ticket Office for Theaters.
Special Carriage Service. Bathrooms. Hy-
drotherapy. 800 Rooms and Saloons Sump-
tuous Apartments. ROOMS from 5 FRANCS
Special terms for : Families. Table dHoto^at
SeSarat- Tables in the Salle oes Fetes. One
TE %iil a ks RE S ST F^& T
DINNERS, 8 FRANCS (everything Included).
Noted Cellars.
THE GRAND HOTEL,
» 12 BOULEVARD DBS CAPUCINES, PARIS.
MADE ME A MAN
.- ~^S*~JUAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CUBE
*fc/^^ J*e«fot»# XM»e<7-»o»— Failing Mem-
Ef^^l V ory.lmpotency, Sleepleisneea, etc- caused
ra» *r I by Abuse cr other Excesses and India*
§AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURE
JLI.lt ycrrott* IH9ea*es— Failing Mem-
orr.lm potency. Sleeplossneas. etc- caused
by Abuse or other Ejoesaes and Indir
crotions. TKey ffMipAJw anS sunlit
\ *m>z2¥ -. restore Lost Vitality in old or young, and
" ji>-J^kS fit a man for study, business or marriage.
«ofcpL~iB9w frevent Insanity and Consumption It
takenuiUme. Their use shows immediate improve-
incntnr.d effects a CUKE where all other fail In-
Sst upon having the peualn* Ajar Tablets. Thsy
have cured thotuanda and will cure you. We «ije a pos-
itive written guarantee to effect a cure Cft gTS In
each caso or refuad the money. , Price %nt Ul»i pep
cackiMre: or six pkj^s (full treatment! for $2.20. By
mail in plain wrapper, npon receipt of price. Circular
"•■'AJAX KEMPnvro.. oBsSpP
For sale In San Francisco by lielpnit* & Co..
138 Butter. No- Percentage Pharmacy, 949 . Mkt.
I)RMNULTI"
rrHIS WTELL-KNOWSI AND RKLrABLE OLT»
A Specialist cures Prlvat<»,NervoaB,Hloot; Sklu "
; . Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over ■
20 years' experience. Send for Book.free. Patients
cured at Home. .Terms reasonable. . Hour*. 9 to
dally : 8:30 to 8.30 cv'rs. : Sundays, 10 to 12. ■< Consul ta-
i tloufree and sacredlyconfldeutiaV Call oruddreaa
i F. BOSCOE McNUI/TY, M. !>.,
; 99)4 Mearnr Street. San fraaciscit. CaJ.
8 iZS ■R" _ K^~^svHrv3 4* if «9 SI _a J3 bM»
BBMA H9 ■ K^B Sj'JaJJ ' B ■H5l 3 f£l ■ ¥3L^^S 'WILL KEEP
THE PACIFIC
GUARDED
Dewey Said to Have In
structions to Make a
Clean-Up.
No Vessel or Fortification of
Spain to Remain in the
Philippines.
NEW YORK, May 11.— The Herald's
"Washington correspondent telegraphs:
There is reason to believe that further
instructions sent Rear Admiral Dewey
via the dispatch boat McCulloch. which
returned to Manila from Hongkong, re
quired him to immediately destroy any
other vessels or fortifications which
Spain has in the Philippines.
"You must capture the vessels or de
stroy them," waa the direction given to
Rear Admiral Dewey before the battle
of Manila Bay. The instruction was due
to the desire of the authorities to re
move from the Pacific the Spanish fleet
and thus prevent the enemy from ha
rassing American commerce in those
waters. It is doubly necessary that it
should be carried out to the letter, in
view of the fact that troops will be sent
to the Philippines, with perhaps the
Bennington as their only convoy. It is
appreciated by the authorities that
Rear Admiral Dewey has destroyed
every Spanish vessel of any impor
tance in the far East, but it is admit
ted to be possible that Spain still has
among the islands some small gun
boats mounting one or two guns, which
it would be .vise to sink or capture.
As the Herald has stated, there are
also some antiquated fortifications at
Ilcilo and one or two other points,
which one cruiser could destroy with
out much difficulty. Probably one or
two of the vessels of his fleet are now
cruising among the Philippine Islands
engaged in reducing fortifications and
in destroying or capturing the enemy's
ships.
Under the orders issued to her the
cruiser Charleston will start for Ma
nila as soon as she takes on board the
extra supplies of ammunition designed
for the ships of the Asiatic squadron.
The Charleston will steam as fast as
possible, and it is expected that she
will salute Rear-Admiral Dewey's flag
twenty-five days after her departure
from San Francisco. By the attach
ment of the Charleston to the Asiatic
squadron the administration will sta
tion in the Phili^nine waters an effec
tive squadron of five protected cruisers,
two gunboats and one dispatch-boat.
It is possible that this fleet may be
increased by another gunboat, the Ben
nington. In accordance with the or
dera telegraphed to Mare Island navy
yard, the Pensacola will immediately
b<* placed in commission and she will
probably go to Honolulu in company
with the troop ships and remain at that
point with the Mohican for the pro
tection of American interests.
ANNEXATION
IN THE HOUSE
The Foreign Affairs Com
mittee Will Report
To-Day.
Strong Fight to Be Made by
Opponents of tho Hawaiian
Treaty.
Administration Going Ahead With
Its Plan to Make the Islands a
Supply Station.
Special Dispatch to The Ca»
NEW YORK, May 11.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Speaker
Reed is relied upon by the opponents of
Hawaiian annexation to prevent the
early passage of an annexation reso
lution in the House of Representatives.
Members of the Foreign Affairs Com
mittee do not believe, however, that he
will block the will of the majority of
the House. It is proposed to report
the resolution to the House to-morrow
and endeavor to have it considered and
passed with the least possible delay.
When the present session of Congress
began more than two-thirds of the Sen
ators » were in favor of annexation, j
Through the influence of a lobby, how
ever, enough were won over to the op
position to make a ratification of the i
treaty by a two-thirds vote impossi- j
ADVERTISEMENTS.
/v J t WJj \ yvV \fli\ sSZ/Yf f> ' ■ .' • / I AY7S: f ; } v
809 Market Street, corner Fourth
SECOND FLOOR FLOOD BUILDING. ; RECEPTION ROOM-NO, 7.
'•«'"■ Consultation— FREE. r C
V«*«fc&ff OT/Jfte ft~Ljf OUR SPECIALTY— Crown and Bridge
"V '■■< M n A/ /*%»^ Work and PAINLESS EXTRACTION.
■ v\ l_jtm_/y " -* f% k The Clinic ; is always ahead •■ in Advanced
,i. vVV\K^®r7»ifflßMk . Dental Science. No Students Employed.
tl'^HkJ If^ ■ For the Next 30 Days Our Prices Will Be:
- sr-*^"^^-/'?^^ /^P^> ' FULL SET OF TEETH f0r...~......'.;...54 50 up
-um^rm lisP?sM22£^sr >«1-l thM gold crowns, 22k..... 350 up
-WE DO MW-'Jf^v^ l^ 1 ""* BRIDGE WORK. per t00th..'......:...... 350 up ■
" /M>'y // ''' : MMwk^ 7^r^» ' SILVER F1LL1NG.;..;.................... 2 5c up
FOR SW,/' '%*&' \\ YOU^^ GOLD F1LL1NG.....:..................;.. 75c up
■^y^J^^S^^%r^ VV^^ CLEANING TEETH ........;... 50c up
>J tr.. ■*&'■■£ 1 1 filled"-* 1 - A Physician Always in Attendance.
TPPTUI/^ 1^ CROWNEt ■ SKILLED OPERATORS— LADY ATTENDANT
iLtin^^.^^ Bridzewoi* PHONE DAVIS 654.
WITHOUT pain. :.v •.,■..;.: ■-.•':..' ;■'■; DR. T. E. STRONG. ■
'■ .•■Office Hours— 9 l m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays, 1 9 a, m. to 2 p. m.
-■■ - . ■ ..■ ■■• ■'.- ■ ■ • ■■ . - -•: .-..■ .■• - . .
There Is some talk of having the
Bennington, now in Hawaiian waters,
convoy troop ships from that point to
a certain point several hundred miles
from Manila, where the men-of-war of
Admiral Dewey's squadron will meet
them and give them safe conduct to
their destination. By this plan the
safety of the troops will be assured and
the Asiatic squadron would be rein
forced by another vessel without re
ducing the force in the Hawaiian and
Pacific Coast waters.
Of two-fold importance is the homing
of the Philippines and the stationing
of a sufficiently large force to defend
them. The first is the wresting from
Spain of a base which could be used
for operations against American com
merce and the Pacific Coast; and, sec
ond, the moral effect of retaining them
at least during the pendency of the
war.
It is appreciated that it Is out of the
question to consider that Spain will
send a force down the Atlantic, around
the Horn and up the Pacific to strike
the Pacific Slope cities. Her best
move would be to retake the Philip
pines, if possible, and from this point
make an offensive move against the
Hawaiian Islands, which, of course,
would suffer as the result of their ex
isting relations with this Government,
and employ these islands as a base
against the Pacific Coast.
Desiring to strengthen the defense
fleet of the Pacific Coast as much as
possible, the department recently or
dered Rear Admiral Miller to return
from Honolulu, and the department
has been informed of his safe arrival
at San Francisco. His flag Is now
probably flying on the coast defense
monitor Monterey, which is stationed
In San Francisco harbor as the guar
dian of that city.
There is no flagship on the Pacific
Const for Rear Admiral Miller, nor will
any be available before July 1, when
the Philadelphia will be placed in com
' mission. Besides the Monterey, Rear
Admiral Miller ha-s under his command
the Monadnock. protecting the cities ly
ing on Puget Sound; the gunboat
Wheeling, which has been ordered
south from Alaskan wators; the Alert,
■which is on her way to Mare Island
from Acapulro; five revenue cutters
and three tugs, which have been con
verted into men-of-war.
The authorities do not fear that Spain
will Fend h*>r fleet against the Pacific
Coast, but they desire to re-enforce the
Asiatic squadron as much as possible,
hence the orders to the Charleston to
sail with the utmost dispatch, and the
consideration of the proposition to- send
the Bennington to Manila.
ble. It Is now asserted that, while
there would be a substantial majority
for the annexation resolution, if it
could be brought to a vote, its oppon
ents are prepared to embark on a cam
paign of unlimited talk and prolong
the session of Congress indefinitely
rather than allow a vote to be reached.
In the meantime the administration
will go ahead with the plan of having
naval vessels, transports and supply
ships stop at the islands for coal and
supplies, and will make Honolulu the
base of their operations against Spain
In the Pacific.
BY POPULAR VOTE.
House Adopts the Resolution Re
garding Election of Senators.
WASHINGTON, May 11.— Aft*r re
fusing to-day, by a vote of 48 to 90, to
consider the Senate bill restricting im
migration, the House took up and de
voted the session to the House resolu
tion to submit to the States a proposi
tion to amend the constitution so as to
provide for the election of Senators by
a direct vote. The amendment, as pro
posed in the resolution reported to the
House, left it to the discretion of the
States to elect their Senators by direct
vote or through their Legislatures, but
an amendment by Underwood of Ala
bama, making selection by popular vote
mandatory, was adopted, and the reso
tion was then passed.
Loud called up the postoffice appro
priation bill as passed yesterday by the
Senate, and upon his motion the House
refused to concur to the Senate amend
ments, and asked a conference.
Reception to Bishop Graves.
SANTA ROSA. May 11.— The annual
convocation of the Episcopal chruches of
the northern diocese of California ad
journed this afternoon. Ripht Rev. An
pon R. Graves, bishop of the Platte, pre
si<lf-<l at to-day's session, which was
largely devoted to routine business. This
afternoon an address on "Mission Work"
was delivered by Right Rev. N. N. Dol
ling of London, and to-night a reception
was tendered Bishop Graves at the resi
dence of M. H. Dignan. As delegate to
the general convention of Episcopal
churches at Washington In October, Rev.
William Ballard of Vallejo was chosen.
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CAIjI;, THURSDAY, MAX 12, 1898.
WHERE IS SPAIN'S
FLYING SQUADRON ?
Warning That the Enemy's Fleet
May Be Bound for the
Pacific.
Affection Induces a Spanish Lieutenant to Counsel
His Cousin in California to Leave the
Pacific Coast Forthwith.
Ever since the first definite indication of a conflict with Spain h has been
the endeavor of The Call to print the news without bias or color. It is in this
spirit a letter is presented this morning. It is from a Spanish officer to his
cousin, a resident of California. The recipient is a naturalized citizen who
openly proclaims his sympathy to be with the country of his adoption, and
makes the letter public only because he conceives such a course to be his plain
duty. It will be noted that the missive bears a date prior to a declaration of
war, but after such a declaration had been deemed certain. Many of its state
ments, which at the time might have been considered prophecy not likely of ful
fillment, have been proved by events to have been founded on an intimate
knowledge of the plans of the Spanish. In fact the scheme as outlined has
been so closely followed as to make the remaining part of it have a peculiar in
terest for the people of this coast.
There are rumors in plenty as to the location of the Spanish fleet. A corre
spondent who on former occasions has been thoroughly unreliable has pre
sumed to give information as to its whereabouts. Without corroborative evi
dence there is no imaginable reason for believing him. The manner in which
events have shaped themselves, as foretold by the Spaniard, gives sinister
weight to his predictions. The warning to his cou3in has every indication of
sincerity. That names are suppressed matters nothing, for the names are in
possession of this paper and are kept from the public for reasons the public will
appreciate. At the present writing there appears no insurmountable obstacle
to the coming of a Spanish fleet The fact that if such a fleet comes it will find
the Pacific Coast practically helpless, almost devoid of ships wherewith to make
defense, its one battleship on the Atlantic, is naturally considered.
The Call has made every effort to ascertain the real worth of the letter. It
has established beyond reasonable doubt that it was written in good faith by a
responsible man of excellent reputation. The document is given in full and to
every reader there is the privilege of judging for himself. The letter follows:
Sr. Don "-Dear Cousin: Without having heard anything from you
since I last wrote the present has for its object greetings to yourself and your
estimable family, and at the same time to say that I have just returned from
Madrid, where I went to see my brother Elias, who is also an officer in the
civil guard; and during my residence at the court I observed and heard a
number of officers of the navy and army speak in detail regarding the His
pano-Ameriean conflict. Great preparations have been made by this nation,
and It 1b believed that war is inevitable between the two countries.
Moreover, Spain has purchased several war vessels in these past few
days from France, Austria and Italy; but these purchases have been kept so
Becret that no one knows of them in this country up to the present time.
I was present at a conversation in the Hotel Continental between General
Martinez Campos, Admiral Bermejo, Minister of Marine, and a representa
tive of the Heraldo, who was called Sr. Don Jose Canalejas. Among other
things arose the question of the war between Spain and the United States,
and Admiral Bermejo said to Senor Campos and other officers that the first
naval campaign, according to the plans, would be a veritable surprise. Re
ferring to the Island of Cuba, he said that Spain was perfectly aware that
the United States intended to blockade the island, but that according to the
reports of General Campos and the butcher, Weyler (as they say in that
country), the island is perfectly fortified. It appears that it is not the plan
of Spain to send her fleet across the Atlantic while the blockade is on in
Cuba, but to unite it at Cape Verde (Portugal), Cadiz, Cartagena and the
Canaries; and to permit the American squadron, which they say is at Hong
kong, to attack the Philippine Islands, as Spain does not consider the fleet
In Asia of importance, but does so consider its fortifications.
According to Admiral Bermejo a division of cruisers will sail in an un
known direction, and there followed an animated discussion between the two
generals named as to the destination of the division. Campos was of the
opinion that it should be sent to the Pacific Coast through the Straits of
Magellan, and Bermejo by the Cape of Good Hope; and I believe that the
latter plan is the positive one.
It Is for -this that I warn you, with all my heart, because you live on
that coast with your family, not to confld< much in the security that you
will not be attacked when you least expect it. As you are the only one of
our family that is in that country- I tell you what is going to happen so that
you can retire to the Interior. It Is the idea in all of Spain to attack the
enemy in the Pacific and not to give battle of importance in the Atlantic.
Cousin, I was in Cadiz about two months ago and there was much ac
tivity in the secret department, where they have constructed the submarine
vessel Peral and other similar ones, which will be carried by the Pelayo,
Carlos Qulnto, Numancia and Vittoria, and an armored cruiser which certain
French bankers presented to Spain some time ago. They say there are seven
or eight of these submarine vessels, but no civilian is permitted to enter the
place.
I do not care to tell you more about this for fear that some Spanish au
thority will open my letter here, which would cost me as great a penalty as
to Captain Dreyfus in France. Until soon. Referring to your family, it if
about four months since I saw them. I had a letter from my father yes
terday and he says all are well. Elias is married in Madrid. For about eight
months I have been, as you know, in the civil guard of Asturias.
Without more and with expressions of regard for your family and your
self, receive the heart of your cousin, who loves you, and who wishes to see
you more than to write to you. And adios, cousin of my heart.
LIEUTENANT .
SPAIN BELIEVED TO
BE BLUFFING AGAIN
NEW YORK, May 11.— A dispatch to the World from Cadiz says:
The war and naval departments are advancing preparations for a re
lief expedition to the Philippines, which, it is said, will be composed of
8000 regular soldiers and two battalions of marines. Instructions have
been sent to General Augusti to hold out as long as possible, forty
days being required for the arrival of an expedition going by way of
the Suez canal and the Red Sea.
The commander of the frcruadron conveying the relief will be Ad
miral Butler, if Admiral Camera elects to remain in charge of the re
maining vessels of the reserve fleet.
A dispatch to the World from London says: Spain's reported
project of sending a relief expedition to the Philippines' is treated by
military and naval experts here as a mere bluff. In the first place
it is considered that the Spanish Government needs all the troops it
can muster to maintain the dynasty at home. Secondly, the reserve
squadron cannot possibly be ready for a month. Thirdly, there would
be the insupportable coal difficulty for the ships for a voyage of 8000
miles.
Some doubt is expressed whether Spain could send a relief expedi
tion through the Suez canal, but the World correspondent fnds that
the convention between the great powers concluded in 18S3 expressly
provides that the canal shall be open to ships of all nations In time
of peace or war, on condition that "no right of war, no act of hostility
nor any act having for its object the preparation or operation of war
shall be permitted in the canal, any of its approaches or port of'ac
cess. The vessels of war of belligerents shall not revictual or take
stores in the canal or its approaches or ports of access, except so far
as may be strictly necessary."
The question whether the Spanish fleet could coal at neutral ports
on the way to the Philippines raises a novel point of international
law, and if the fleet sails at all it Is believed that it will probably
have a rendezvous with colliers sent in advance at different points
»lnnp thf» roiltp.
Vacating Chickamauga.
CHATTANOOGA, Term., May 11.—
Camp George H. Thomas, at Chicka
mauga Park, is rapidly undergoing de
molition. At daybreak this morning
the work of breaking camp was begun
by a number of the regiments, and in
a few hours thereafter places which
•SANTANDER, April 3, 1898.
have been covered with white tents for
some time were again vacant and de
serted. Officers and men of all regi
ments now remaining are giving their
time and attention to preparations for
departure and the regular routine of
camp life has been entirely suspended.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
CONFERENCE OF
SILVER FORCES
Leaders of Three Parties
Will Meet in San
Francisco.
Early Attempt to Be Made
to Pave the "Way for
Fusion.
Will Endeavor to Have the St»t«
Convention* Held on the
Sun* Day.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, May 11.— The con
ference committees which have been
named by the Democratic, Silver Re
publican and Populist State Central
Committees will hold a joint meeting
on Monday afternoon next at 2 o'clock
at the Palace Hotel in San Francisco.
Chairmen George W. Baker of the Sil
ver Republicr-- and E. M. Wardell of
the Populists have been notified of the
meeting and will give word to the
members of their respective commit
tees.
The object of the conference is to
pave the way to make a fusion of the
silver forces in the approaching State
campaign possible. This can be done
only by holding the State convention of
all three parties in the same city on
the same day. It is to arrrange for
the time and nlace of meeting of the
three conventions that the committee
will confer. It will have no power to
arrange any of the details of fusion,
as they will have to be fixed by the
delegates elected to the convention.
The Silver Republicans will be there
In force. National Committeeman Na
than Cole Jr. of this city favors a late
convention and a short campaign. He
will be in San Francisco on Monday
with Judge J. Noonan Phillips. Suther
land, Hutton and H. A. McCraney of
Sacramento.
An effort will be made to prevail upon
the Populists to change the time of
their State Convention from July 12 to
about August 15. If the Populists re
fuse fusion will have received its first
black eye.
ESCAPED THE WRECK
TO PERISH ON SHORE.
At Least One Man Survived the
Clara Nevada Disaster, Only
to Die of Exposure.
VICTORIA. B. C.\ Msiy 11.— A startling
discovery has just been made on the
shores of Lynn Canal by the steamer J.
M. Coleman, which plies between Juneau
and Skagway. A row boat bearing the
name of the unfortunate steamer Clara
Nevada was found high and dry on the
beach near Seward City, opposite where
the disaster occurred. The boat con
tained a couple of coats, two miners bags
full of clothing and a few provisions,
while a few feet away were the embers of
a camp tire.
AH this tends to show that at least one
man escaped the fate of the lost fifty,
and should he be found alive the. details
of the tragedy will cease to be a mys
tery. From the fact, however, that the
clothes and provisions were left in the
boat it seems that the survivors escaped
death in the explosion only to die from
exposure in the wilderness en shore. Had
they escaped they would undoubtedly
have gone back to the boat for the
clothes and food. Search parties have
started from Juneau to scour the woods
from the point where the discovery was
made, in the hope of finding the survivor
or survivors or securing information as
to their fate or identity.
As will be remembered, there were but
two witnesses of the catastrophe— Mr.
Beck and wife, residents of Seward City,
who were standing outside their cabin
scanning the sea when they saw the light
of a steamer beating against a heavy
gale. While they watched they heard a
muffled thud, a maps of flame illumined
the scene and the light of the vessel disap
peared from view. They watched for
nearly an hour, but never saw the steam
er again. Charred wreckage floated
ashoTe on the following day. and after a
short search the hull, bearing every indi
cation of an explosion having occurred,
was found by the steamer Rustler. But
one body was recovered, that of the
purser, notwithstanding that a thorough
search was made. The disaster was never
explained, and another vessel was record
ed as gone to the port of missing ships
with all on board, but in the light of re
cent discoveries, that may be learned of
the cause of the catastrophe and of the
lost passengers hitherto unknown.
FLAGRANT VIOLATIONS
OF THE LIQUOR LAW.
Marin County Community in Which
Strong Drink Is Sold Without
a License.
MTLLi VALLEY, May 11.— The citizens
of Eastland and vicinity are considerably
exercised over the flagrant manner in
which the law prohibiting the selling of
liquor without a license has been vio
lated, and some unscrupulous persons are
likely to find themselves the center of at
traction soon in a way not at all to their
liking. An anti-liquor ordinance has
never been thought necessary on account
of the fact that when the Tamalpais
Land and Ferry Company has sold any
land to incomers the purchaser has al
ways had to make a strict agreement in
writing that no intoxicating beverages
were to be sold on the premises. It is a
well-known fact, however, that these
agreements have in many cases been vio
lated, even where no license for the sale
of intoxicants has been procured.
One of the results of the sale of liquor
was seen here several evenings ago,
when a number of citizens witnessed a
furious encounter near the Mill Valley
depot between four or five men. Club's
were freely used and scalp wounds and
eyes in mourning served as evidence of
the worship paid King Alcohol. The mat
ter was brought to the attention of the
last Grand Jury, but no attention was
paid to it. Certain public spirited citizens
nave been at work lately quietly gather-
Ing evidence regarding a few dealers. The
County Board of Supervisors meets to
morrow at San Rafael, and to it an appeal
will doubtless be made for some method
of stopping the practice.
AT LEAST THREE LIVES
LOST IN A CONFLAGRATION.
Wholesale Toy and Fireworks Fac-
Tory Destroyed at Phila
delphia.
PHIL.ADET.PHIA, May 11.— Three per
sons are known to have lost their lives.
and it Is feared others may have perished
Jn a fire which originated in the wholesale
toy and fireworks establishment of Mc-
Cadden Bros., 619 Market street, about 11
o'clock to-day.
There were about 100 persons employed
in the McCadden store, and nearly all
managed to make their escape before the
names reached the upper stories. The
three bodies were found on the second
story of the burned structure. On ac
count of the inflammable nature of the
contents the big six-story structure was a
mass of flames in loss than half an hour.
The fire spread quickly to the building
on the east, occupied by the Reading
Hardware Company, and the big building
on the west, occupied jointly by the Na
tional Wall Paper Company and the
Brainerd & Armstrong Spool Silk Com
pany. The Fire Department sent in four
alarms, and in about an hour the fire was
under control.
The loss will reach about $500,000, well
covered by insurance.
Advances made on furniture -~d pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noor.an. 1017-1023 Mission.
SPAIN MAY SEND ONE
GREAT ARMADA WEST
Copyrighted. IS9S. b7b 7 James Gordon Bennett. .
; GIBRALTAR, May 1 1.— It is believed that the Span
sh squadron from Cape Verde Islands will join the one
it Cadiz and all move together about the beginning o
lune unless the Americans come to Cadiz in the mean
ime. / • • - . : .
Spain wants to gain time and have the ■ America!
rir»nr»c rparh fnhji s»<; far into thp <;nmrr>pr oq nn«;<;ihlp.
ACCIDENT AT
CHILCOOT SLIDE
Three Klondikers Hurled
Down the Side of the
Mountain.
Sled Breaks Loose and Carries
Them to the Bottom of
the Canyon.
Unknown Traveler, Presumably
Confidence Man, Found Mur
dered on the Trail.
Special Dispatch to The Can.
TACOMA, May 11.— Three Klondik
ers were badly injured on April 30.
while descending from the summit of
Chilkoot Pass to Crater Lake. Two of
them were not expected to live when
Herman Knobel, who arrived to-day,
crossed the summit on the following
day. Knobel thinks all three were
Eastern men, but does not know their
names. They were moving their outfits
down the steep side of Chilkoot Pass
when a large, heavily laden sled broke
away from above and came crashing
into them. They lost their balance
completely and went down the
mountain side, the sleds passing over
them. One of the trio had both arms
and one leg broken. Another was in
jured internally and' remained uncon
scious all the next day. The third man's
leg was broken. Minor accidents of a
similar character have been numerous
during the rush over the passes.
Knobel brings news that an unknown
man, believed to be a confidence man,
was murdered a short distance below
Canyon City, on the Chilcoot trail, on
the night of April 30. His body waa
found next morning and taken to Can
! yon City. A bullet had entered the
i back of his head and come out at the
! throat. There was no indication of rob
! bery. At Canyon City it waa concluded
i that the man had attempted to victim
ize come tenderfoot, who had shot him.
Knobel left Lake Linderman on May
1, and spent the next three days on the
i trail and at Dyea. He reports that
' nothing was known on the trail of the
I reported drowning of twenty men by
falling through the ice near Lake Lin
! derman on May 2. He does not believe
the story and says it undoubtedly orig
: mated from the fact that on the day
i named two men and some horses broke
j through the ice in the canyon at the
south end of Lake Linderman. The
| water there was shallow, so the horses"
' feet quickly touched bottom. Men and
I animals got out.
Knobel heard of this occurrence In
I detail at Dyea and feels certain that
j no catastrophe occurred that day in
that locality.
Warm weather has made the ice and
snow very mushy between lakes Crater
! and Linderman. During the spring
break-up it is proposed to use a new
j trail on the side of the mountains, com
i ing out on the left side of Lake Linder
man, near its head. A bridge will be
built across the lake's headwaters to
the opposite side, whence the trail will
continue to Lake Bennett. .
Knobel, Banker Behrens and two
other Juneau men have landed fifty
tons of supplies at Lake Bennett,
where they are having four scows
1 built. They will start for Dawson
ADVEBTISEIkIENTS. . ' ' . .
*f* * ***** * * * * * * * * #:* *,** '"* * '*"* *.'*"#.* * * * * * * ** * •» j
* • ns me ■'*■'■
! A Man Among Men ! ]
: With Strong Nerves, Clear Brain and : !
■:• Vigorous Physical Strength. |
i. ■■- &t %> Such You Can Be! |i
* wjf^r *^ft\ v> K^* i *K^*~*\ \ \ T\Tiat has been done can be done. *
* mfSm-^- •*, \X! It is wrong to assert that strength *
,*■': sßr, 14. T4^ _..'**^' once lost cannot be restored. '■ It * ;
V^l \ t -jy^S^^^^ has been done. Dr. Sanden's Elec- *
* y^AV , '"^k / JjEß^Om trie Belt has restored the vigor of jj. ;
: : : W m^ 'j . I "*f £&&&&&&*' manhood to many thousands of *
*• I . k \l / r>^^r }■%*£& f^M< men who had almost given up hope. * |
* I v^^^^^^^^f^g^^giaCTril It has been done, and it can be *
'"' ffibv done - xt is bein " done every day. '
WL 2>jiW^^^ap^fejKy There is something in a system of *
'*■• 'i^rS fc > > i'tfc^'^^l^-CTB^^SB treatment which shows such letters *
■ ■ . ' ■'■.■■- - ' . _ «
* ■ ■ - •'. -. ; ;-■/ - ■ .*•:
I He Is a Transformed Man. :
.v- :■ , ■ - .;- - \' ' " VETERANS' nOME (Cal.). May 2. 1898. ."'*;
T ; : DR. A. T. SANDEN-Dear Sir: You ask me to make my final report I sent
* a full report to you two months ago. telling you about my case but I : tel l >ou
* again of my vast Improvement. .*. When I first used; your Belt I Jf^he^ 1.0 pounds^_l * :
suffered great pains in my back and V other complaints. M^V I ' t^ -m cr^dilailv * '
* S very bad Now 1 have not used the Belt for £ the .last two months, but I am gradually * .
"* transforming: Into a different: man. I wei h 193 pounds; I pat rt a " d m B i,^f n^ whateve? I * !
■TV. are all gone; *my liver and bowels are cured.rand I have no complaint v£ hate^er. 1 ... .
.*;- feel' very good. Tours truly. • , FRANK HEN KEL- .* ,
; Read the Book, "Three Classes of Men." |
•* It is worth $100 to any man who is not what he ought to be. It will * |
■* be sent closely sealed, free, upon application. ■; -,- Call and examine this * .
* famous Belt if. possible. Call or address,. • *j
*. SANDEN ELECTRIC CO. * important ** :
SJ. 702 Market Street, Corner Geary, San Francisco. NOTICE. * :
* ' Office :hours—B: hours—8 a. m. to Bp. m. ; Sundays, 10 .' , . Dr. Sanden's offices *'.
V' to I.* Branches at Los t: Angeles, Cal., 204 South ,-* • are " now at 702 Market ■"" Vi-
v Broadway; Portland, Or., 253 .Washington • St.; . trp(lt '* primer pfln , ' i -"■■
* Denver, Colo., 931 -Sixteenth; st.; Dallas; Tex.. w > street, corner Ueary. :v - ..
;•:-<> 255 Main st. :-- '-■:*; ''/ ■■ ■■ ■ : '■■' - :': ■ . ;v .' I*.~TT ■•■ - -■•■• . ■ .-..-..■.-- "~*- •; A ':-
;i;*:^*:*;^*;^ r *:#l*:*;:*:*:*;#!«,*:#. i » •".*■;♦ *#>:*».*:♦,**« ♦♦*>♦;
about June 1. Knobel went to Lak*
Lebarge on an observation trip, start-
Ing back on April 27. The snow and
the upper coating of ice had then melt
ed, leaving two feet of water on tha
lake's surface. There was ioe beneath.
By this time ice in the lower rivers ha 3
gone out and men who reached the foot
of Liebarge are starting for Dawson.
The successful operation of tram
ways over Chilcoot Pass has thrown
scores of packers out of work, though
packing remains brisk between Crater
Lake and Bennett.
It is estimated there are 3000 men
seeking work at Dyea. Skaguay, Ju
neau and Wrangel. The steamer Na
varro, arriving to-day, brought 277 pas
sengers, including many of these idle
men. The Navarro cut rates to $10 and
515 for passage down.
YOUTHFUL INCENDIARY
CONFESSES HIS CRIME
Attempt to Burn the Mount Tamal-
pais Military School Near
San Rafael.
SAN RAFAEL, May 11.— In the las*
week four fires have originated in the
Tamalpais Military Academy on Fifth
avenue and E street. The fact that they
were believed to be of incendiary origin
was kept quiet until yesterday, when,
a 19-year-old youth named Louis Turpin
was expelled from the school.
Young Turpin, who is a ward of Attor
ney J. Ward of Modesto, has confessed
to having tried to burn the school to the
ground. This fact will cause a decided
sensation, as Turpin by th^ death of hia
parents was recently left a. fortune of
about C 50.000. A few days ago the boy
was disciplined by being kept in after
Bcbool hours for an infraction of the
rules. Last Saturday evening he waa
seen loitering in the corridor by another
student, who shortly afterward discovered
a blaze in one of the rooms. This waa
promptly extinguished. Turpin said ha
had thrown a cigarette into the room.
Between Saturday and Monday he la
said to have threatened to burn the
building to the ground. On Monday night
n fire was discovered in the flueroom,
whore a large quantity of combustible
material had been stored. Principal Cros
by instituted a court of inquiry and Tur
pin was closely questioned. He finally
confessed the crime and was expelled yes-
terday.
Chief of the Fire Department Johansen
was investigating the matter to-day. It
is probable that the youthful incendiary
will be prosecuted for arson.
SKELETON FOUND IN
A CLUMP OF TULE.
Resident of Capay Valley Makes a
Gruesome Discovery Near the
Elkhorn Road.
WOODLAND. May 11.— William Par
ker of Capay Valley made a grewsome
find on the west side of the canal, a
short distance north of the Elkhorn
road, last Saturday. As he was driv
ing alone: he diseov^— - a pile of bones
in a clump of tule. The bones were
those of a man. They were all there
except the lower jaw and the bones of
the feet.
Mr. Parker also discovered some
clothing, including two h ts, two coata
and two pairs of trousers. There waa
no paper or other articles about the
clothing or on the grouna which would
furnish any clew to the identity of the
dead man.
When Mr. Parker arrived in Wood
land he notified Coroner Bean, who
went out, collected the bones and the
old clothing and brouerht them to this
city. The bones were buried in the
potter's field this afternoon.
jjTobody in Woodland remembers
that any Yolo County man has been
missing for two years, the time that
the bones evidently laLd in the tules,
and the mystery will probably never
be cleared up.
Jesse Carr's Second Trial.
WOODLAND. May 11.— The second trial
of Jesse Carr Jr.. charged with the mur
der of his brother-in-law, Lewis Tsham, at
Clarksburg in February, began yesterday.
At the first trial the jury failed to agree.
34
SAYS HIS
FLEET IS
AT SEA
Admiral Merrhejo Denies
That Spain's Ships Re
turned to Cadiz.
American Naval Attache at Lon
don Is Inclined to Believe His
Statement.
LONDON, May 12.— A special dis
patch from Madrid says Admiral Ber
mejo, Minister of Marine, denies that
the Cape Verde squadron returned to
Cadiz. Bermejo says the fleet is now
where it ought to be, under orders.
The Globe published this afternoon a
dispatch from Cadiz, dated Saturday,
which said the following ships, which
were all ready for sea with the excep
tion of the Pelayo, were at that port:
Pelayo, Vittoria, Carlos V, Almirante
Oquendo, Viscaya, Maria Teresa, Cris
tobal Colon, Alfonso XIII, Pluton, Pro
ser, Plna, Osada, Audaz, Furor and
Terror; also several torpedo-boats,
transports and the Normannia and Co
lumbia, formerly of the Hamburg-
American line, which have been re
named Patriota and Rapido respective
ly.
ARBITRATION
BILL ARGUED
Is Designed to Prevent
Railway Strikes in the
Future.
Senator Allen Questions the
Honest Purpose of the
Measure.
Declare* It Would Bind Employes
Hand and Foot to R»ilroad
Corporations.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, May 11.
For more than three hours this after
noon the Senate discussed what is
known as the railway arbitration bill,
a measure designed to adjust by means
of voluntary arbitration differences
that may artse between railroad offi
cials and their employes. Kyle of South
Dakota, in charge of the bill, offered
a number of amendments, which were
agreed to. In order to meet objections
raised to the measure, Hoar of Mas
sachusetts offered and amendment
which was accepted, providing that no
injunction should be issued wiiich
should compel the laborers against
their will to carry out any contract for
personal labor or service. The bill
was still under discussion when the
Senate adjourned.
When the consideration of the so
called railway arbitration bill was be
gun, Allen discussed it. He regarded
it, in its effects, as one of the most
vi«ious measures ever brought before
Congress. He declared that it bound
railroad employes hand and foot and
made them the bond servants of the
railroad corporations. He said that he
had been flooded with telegrams from
labor organizations, urging him to sup
port it. He thought, hawever, that the
railroad employes were being led into
a trap in urging the passage of the
bill.
Mr. Fairbanks of Indiana held that if
there were defects in the measure in
the very nature of the case they would
bear with equal hardships upon both
parties to any controversy that might
arise between the railroads and their
employes.
Mr. Ailen doubted the honest purpose
of the bill.
"If I were employed to defeat such
a purpose," said he, "I could not do it
better than in drafting a bill like this."
At the conclusion of Allen's speech
Kyle, in charge of the bill, offered and
had adopted many minor amendments.
One of these provided that not only
the award of the arbitrators, but also
the papers and proceedings, including
the testimony taken by them, shall be
filed with the clerk of the United States
District Court.
Another amendment provided that
nothing in the bill should prevent an
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Pears'
Why is "Pears' Soap — the
best in the world, the soap
with no .free alkali in it —
sold 'for 15 cents a cake ?
It was made for a hos-
pital soap in the first
place, made by request,
the doctors wanted a soap
that would wash as sharp
as any and do no harm
to the skin. That means
a soap all soap, with no
free alkali in it, nothing
but soap ; there is nothing
mysterious in it. Cost de-
pends on quantity ; quan-
tity comes of quality.
AH sorts of stores sell it, especially druggists;
all sorts of people use it, especially those that
know what's what.
The Globe's correspondent added
that he believed the squadron would
Bail on Thursday (to-day), and said
a number of troops would, leave for
the Canary Islands on May 15, while
three battalions of marines were quar
tered at San Fernando ready for em
barkation.
Lieutenant Colwell, naval attache
of the United States Embassy, said to
day that he was by no means con
vinced that the Spanish Cape Verde
squadron is really at Cadiz.
Warships at Hayti.
PHILADELPHIA, May 11. — The
steamer Navaho, from Port de Vaix,
reports seeing- on May 1 five American
men-of-war in St. Nicholas mole,
Hayti.
employer from reducing the number of
employes if the exigencies of business
required such reduction.
A new section was offered as a sub
stitute for section 11 of the bill, pro
viding that each member of the arbi
tration board should recerve $10 a day
and expenses, and appropriating not
more than $5000 for each of the next
two years to pay the arbitrators and
expenses.
Hoar offered an amendment provid
ing that no injunction or other legal
process shall be issued which shall
compel the performance by any laborer
against his will of a contract for per
sonal labor or service. The amend
ment was accepted by Kyle, who gave
notice that he would move again to
morrow to resume consideration of the
measure.
WAR REVENUE BELL READY.
Committee Will Probably Report to
the Senate To-Day.
WASHINGTON, May 11.— With the
exception of a few administrative fea
tures the war revenue bill is ready for
report to the Senate. This report prob
ably will be made to-morrow, though
consideration of the measure will not
be begun before Monday. With the as
sistance of Senator Jones of Nevada
the Democrats had control of the Fi
nance Committee and adopted their
amendments, which include a corpora
tion tax of one-quarter of 1 per cent, a
provision for the coinage of the eeig
niorage and the issuanoe of $150,000,000
of greenbacks.
It required only a little more than an
hour for the committee to dispose of
the Democratic amendments. The vote
to strike out the bond feature stood 6
to 5, Jones of Nevada voting with the
Democrats. Senator Morrill (R.) and
Vest (D.) were paired. The amend
ments for the issuance of greenbacks,
the coinage of the silver seigniorage
and the taxation of corporations were
all incorporated by the same vote.
The Democrats changed their rate on
corporations at the last minute, reduc
ing it from one-half to one-quarter of
1 per cent. They made this reduction
because of the uncertainty as to the
amount of revenue the amendment
would produce. It was the generally
expressed opinion that the sum would,
even at this low percentage, be very
large, but there was no opportunity for
approximating the figure.
This provision is a very comprehen
sive one. It covers all corporations,
with a few exceptions, imposing a tax
of one-fourth of 1 per cent upon the
gross receipts. The exceptions are
charitable, educational, religious and
eleemosynary institutions and strictly
mutual benefit associations, which are
exempted, the exemption of mutual
concerns being made so as to include
only those which can loan money to
their own members. Building and loan
associations were exempted from the
operation of the bill, but the House pro
vision dealing with this matter was
changed and the language of the ex
emption in the Wilson-Gorman act
practically substituted for it.
There was some discussion of the
beer tax during the day, but it was de
cided to leave the matter as it passed
the House, with an increase of the re
bate from 5 to IVa per cent.
PETALUMA PREACHER
ENLISTS IN THE NAVY
Resigns His Pastorate to Become
Chaplain on an American
Warship.
PETAIATMA, May 11.— Rev. J. J. White,
pastor of the Christian Church of Peta
luma, has enlisted in the United States
navy, and will leave shortly for Mare
Island, where he will be stationed on the
receiving ship Independence as ship's wri
ter until given a regular assignment. It
is thought that he will be sent as chap
lain on the Philadelphia when she sails,
and that he will be assigned to regular
duty as chaplain. Mr. White has resigned
his pastoTate and is at present home for
a few days on a furlough.
CARSON, May 11.— Nevada' to-day hon
ored Dewey for his victory at Manila. At
the same time it offered the last token of
respect to the volunteers now going to
the front. The city was profusely deco
rated. The day was declared a holiday
and business was suspended. There was
a parade consisting of the State militia,
volunteers, the Governor's staff and civic
organizations. This evening a ball and
banquet were Riven at the opera house.
The citizens will present a silk banner to
the volunteers.
VOLUNTEER TROOPS
DESTINED FOR MANILA.
List of the States That Will Provide
; Men for the Invasion of the ■
Philippines.
.'WASHING-TON; May 11.— follow
ing volunteer troops will go to San Fran
cisco: V ' ■' ■.:' ' ■■'-■'■. .•:; ■~-- : . \ ■•'". [
",■- Wyoming, • one battalion of , Infantry.
Colorado, < one I regiment* of I infantry. >, ti
Kansas, one regiment of infantry. ;
: Montana, one i regiment Infantry. --• '
~: Nebraska, one regiment i infantry. J
'. ,Utah, ; two ; light batteries and one troop
cavalry. ■ ■ :••.■:■,■■■■ ■■ ';; . ; -.. ; . ■ - -.. ■ - -j
J North Dakota, : two battalions ,? of - in
fantry. „ ." ■ ■,*.,-■ -..-■;'
Idaho, two battalions of : infantry. '
. ; > The War Department ; to-day, purchased ]
5,000,000 rations one-fourth for the Philip- i
nlno trnnna tuna tint, ka.Liuice fox Cuba,
\ .
THE SAST FRAKCISCO CAIX, THURSDAY, MAT 12, 1898.
SACRAMENTO
IS AROUSED
Sees the Dangers Lurk
ing in Sewage-Tainted
Water.
Evening Bee Warns the People
Against a Spread of
Fever.
Arrest of Folsom's Warden Delayed
Through an Official's Ab
lence,
Special Dispatch to The C&IL
SACRAMENTO, May 11.— The con
tinued absence of the District Attorney
from the city has delayed the issuance
of a warrant for the arrest of Warden
Aull of Folsom prison, but In the
meantime the agitation of the sewage
problem grows, and it will certainly be
but a few days before relief will come
in one way or another.
Dr. Nichols, who has lived In Sacra
mento many years and is at present
secretary of the local Board of Health,
is in perfect accord with the general
sentiment which favors immediate
steps in the direction of protecting the I
people from the practices now in vogue
at the prison. He favors the proposi
tion to compel the authorities at the
prison to ceaße dumping their sewage
into the American River.
Warden Aull has already estimated
the expense of constructing a sewage
plant at Folsom, and in estimating the
cost in his report to the Governor, al
ready published in The Call, he placed
the figure at $15,000.
Should the Board of Prison Direct
ors make the request the State Board
of Examiners could allow a deficiency,
and the work of construction could be |
commenced and finished in a very
short time.
The warning first given by The Call
has thoroughly awakened the people of
Sacramento to the danger which
threatens them. To-nighfs Bee came
out in the following flaming headlines:
TYPHOID STILL, HOLDS ITS OWN.
Boil Tour Drinking Water, Citizens.
That Is the Surest Way to
Escape Infection.
Following this heading was the fol
lowing interview with one of Sacra
mento's most prominent physicians,
G. C. Simmons:
"You cannot urge upon the peopl© too
strongly," said Dr. Simmons, "the ne
cessity of boiling every drop of their
drinking water. I don't care what brand
of a filter is used in a home, even the
filtered water must be boiled if it is de
sired to escape the danger of infection.
Several of my patients have told me that
they used no other water than that which
came through filters which were believed
to remove all germs.
"I see that the Board of Education is
putting filters in the public schools of the
city. That is all right, so far as making
the water clear is concerned; but if they
think they are thereby offering the pupils
perfectly pure water they are mistaken.
Every drop of water given to school chil
dren to drink should first be boiled, no
matter if it is proposed to filter it or not.
I repeat what I said a few weeks ago—
our supply pipe should be at once extend
ed above the mouth of the American
River. This would at least insure us
against the impurities which are con
stantly being brought Into our river from
Folsom by means of the American.
"Those people who object to any out
side ownership of our water works cer
tainly should not find objection to any
such arrangement as I suggest, for it
would not involve the slightest change in
the present system of city ownership."
Dr. Simmons was asked if it were not
possible that many of the cases thought
to be typhoid fever might not in fact be
a form "of malarious fever.
"The cases," said Dr. Simmons, "are as
close to the typhoid type as we have in
this section. We seldom have the true
form of typhoid fever as it is known in
the East, where there are spots on the
flesh and other symptoms not apparent
here. Our typhoid has a mixture of ma
laria in it."
The Bee's comment on the situation
is as follows:
It is a fact that typhoid now exists in
this city to an extent justifying the most
careful measures on the part of house
holders to prevent its introduction into
their homes. The Bee has no desire what
ever to alarm the people when it calls
attention to the prevalence of this dis
ease. In fact, it Is beyond the power of
a newspaper to create alarm in the pre
mises, for the fact that there are very
many typhoid fever cases in this city is
known by the people themselves as thor
oughly as by the newspapers. .
WHY THE MONTSERRAT
RAN THE BLOCKADE.
Two American Warships "Were Hard
and Fast Upon a Coral Reef
at the Time.
NEW YORK, May 11.— One of. the
seamen on the United States cruiser
Marblehead has written an interesting
letter to his brother in this city and in
advertently it largely explains how it
became possible for the Montserrat to
run the blockade into Clenfuegos.
It appears from the letter that the
Marblehead, the gunboat Nashville and
the converted yacht Eagle were ordered
in company from Key West on a mis
sion unknown to the crew. On their
first day out the Marblehead and Eagle
both ran on a coral reef and stuck fast.
The Nashville doubtless tarried to help
them off, and all were a day or more
late arriving in Cienfuegos, whither
they were bound.
While the Marblehead and the Eagle
were straining aground the Montserrat
slipped in unknown to any of them, as
this passage from the seaman's letter
would Indicate:
"It was too bad we ran on a reef,
because if we had reached Cienfugos
a day sooner we would have captured
a Spanish transport with 800 troops on
board."
/In the light of this it seems probable
that this section of the fleet was as
signed to guard duty near the port of
Cienfuegos, and that Admiral Samp
son did not learn of their disability in
time to close the gap in the blockade
there.
MR. SEWELL WILL NOT
COMMAND AN ARMY
Decides Not to Besign From His
Place in the UllU 11 ted States
Senate.
WASHINGTON, May 11.-Senator
Sewell has decided to refuse the com
mission of major general tendered him
by the President. This conclusion was
reached after receiving a verbal -opinion
from Attorney General Griggs that it
was unconstitutional to hold a seat in
the Senate and a commission in the
army at the same-time.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCES
■;■ -. r\ : j \ :•■.:'; ARRIVED. - . . .
■;' - ; - ..■'•.:■■■■••■■ ■-■ ••■;•' ; ;^' Wednesday, May 11. ";=
'- Schr Nettle I*ow, > liow, - 6 . hours _. from Point
:" y " S ! DOMESTIC PORTS. . :
fe PORT BRAGG— Arrived May 11— Stmr Ale*
teas, beac* May 10. ;_
PLAUDIT WINS
IN A GALLOP
Easily Outfoots Lieber
Karl for the Clark
Stakes.
Carries Ten Pounds More Than
H« Had Up in the Ken
tucky Derby.
The Sohon Colt Unable to Qet to
Him at Any Stage of th«
Journey.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
LOUISVILLE, May 11. — Plaudit
picked up ten pounds more than he car
ried in the Kentucky Derby and won
the Clark stakes this afternoon in a
gallop. Martin drove Lieber Karl from
the head of the stretch, but to no pur
pose.
Ten thousand people witnessed to
day's races. But one favorite—Sara
toga, in the opening event— was first
under the wire. For the Clark stakes
Lieber Karl was heavily played at pro
hibitive odds of 35 to 100, while Plaudit/ 1
by reason of the odds and his perform
ance in the Derby, carried considerable
money at 2 to 1.
Seven furlongs, selling— Saratoga won,
Zufalllg second, Don Campbell third.
Time, 1:31. _, _ .
Six furlongs— Forte won. Don Orslno
second, Doncella third. Time, l:l»%-
Four and one-half furlongs, selling-
Cora R. won, Minnie Stone second, Valda
third. Time, 0:58%.
The Clark stakes, one mile and one- |
eighth, stake *400i>— PI audit. 127 (Wil- I
Hams), 2Ya to 1, won; Lieber Karl, 122
(Martin), 3 to 10. second. Time, I:MM.
Four and one-half furlong^— April s |
Lady won. Louisville Belle second,
Si'hnnken third. Time, 0:5§»4.
Sixth race seven furlongs, selling,
Bromo won. A B C second, Creedmore :
L third. Time, 1:30%.
NEW YORK. May 11.— The weather i
was so uncertain that there waa a small \
attendance at Morris Park to-day. Re
sults: •
Eclipse course, Algol won, Leedsyille
second. Blarney Stone third. Time, 1:14.
One mile, selling. Double Quick won.
Her Own second, Ben Ronald third. Time,
I-44 !
'Larchmont. seven furlonp Mirthful
won, Al Hamma second, Merlin third. ,
Time. 1:30.
Seven furlongs. Geisha won. Juno sec
ond, Fleeting Gold third. Time, 1:29%.
Half a mile, selling, Alpen won, The
Gardner second. Poace third. Time, :48<4.
St. Nicholas hurdle, mile and a half,
Challenger won. Lansdale second, Big
Slide third. Time, 2:48.
American Horse Wi^s.
LONDON, May 11.— In the second day's
racing df the Newmarket second spring
meeting to-day, August Belmont's three
vear-old chestnut colt Bridegroom II won
the Newmarket plate of 103 soverelgna.
Six horses ran.
NATIONAL LEAGUE GAMES.
Results of Baseball Contests in Cities
of the East.
WASHINGTON, May 11.— Dunkle went
to pieces in the fifth, whan Washington
cinched the game. Attendanc3, 1200. Score:
"... "T^T^T.''*'" ."tt* • R. .H. B.
Washington :.....'... >?• ** \
Philadelphia ....■..".........•■••..•••••••<  8 *
- Batteries— Dlnnwn and Fan-ell. Dunkle and
McFarland. Um' ires— Emilia and Andrews.,
CLEVELAND, 0., May 31.— Cleveland
won to-day's game by clean and timely
hitting. Hrlggs was -knocked out of the
box. Attendance, 500. Score:
ft. H. E.
Cleveland •••••••• J " ?
Chicago , .........." « ••• 5 10 1
Batteries— and O'Connor; Brlggs. li
bel, Donahue and Chance. Umpires—
wood and Day. - ; f^«g|^^^^^l.
PITTSEURG. May 11.— Pittsburg won
its third consecutive game from {xmi?
ville by fast playing and daring base
running. Attendance, 1500. Score:
'...., ' R. H. B.
Flttsbur* • .....4 10 2
Louisville -8 7 ?
Batteries— Killen and Schrlever, Frazer and
Wilson, Umpires— O' Day. and McDonald.
CINCINNATI, May 11.— Taylor's deliv
ery. Decker's wild throw of Miller's bunt
and Corcoran's single gave the Reds two
runs. Attendance, 4000. Score:
R. H. E.
Cincinnati 2 6\ 0
St. Louis ■• 1 « 6
• Batteries— lawyer and Vaughn. Taylor and
Clements. Umpires— Cushman , and Heydler.
BOSTON, May 11.— The home team
bunched hits In the third and- made five
runs which clinched the ■ game. Only
Kelly and Jennings found Klobedanz
easy. Attendance, 2100. Score:
: B. H. E.
Boston 8 10 2
Baltimore i........i:.^. 4."... ...'.•........ 4t -8? ,4
Batteries— Klobedanz and Bergen; Nops, Pond
and Clark. Umpires— Lynch and Connelly. 
NEW YORK. May ; 11. — New York-
Brooklyn game i postponed; * rain. ;
HURRYING SUPPLIES ON
BOARD THE TRANSPORTS
Everything Possible Done to Facili
tate the Work at Port
Tampa.
TAMPA BAY HOTEL, Tampa, May
11.— Everything possible is being done
to facilitate the work of loading the
transports at Port Tampa with ammu
nition and supplies for the expedition.
All last night and all of to-day bodies
of men were kept busy unloading the
war material from the freight cars and
carefully stowing it away.
This part of the work will be practi
cally concluded by to-morrow night,
and the ships now in the slip will drop
anchor in the bay to make room for
other transports. The Orizaba is ex
pected up from quarantine to-morrow.
This is one of the largest transports
engaged by the Government and will be
used for carrying Infantry. A number
of Hotchkiss nuiSk firing and Gatling
guns were loaded on the Florida to
day. The big siege guns, four of which
have arrived here, have rot yet been
unloaded from the cars. They will be
loaded on some of the larger vessels,
probably the Alamo or Orizaba.
Lieutenant J. D. Miley of General
Shafter's staff, who was sent to Wash
ington Saturday with th« reports of
Captain Dorst and Colonel Lauton and
the plans of the Cuban campaign re
turned to-day, bearinir with him a big
bundle of maps and documents, and im
mediately reported to General Shafter.
It is now believed that the two Cuban
regiments will accompany the regular
troops to Cuba. They have all been
armed with Springfield rifles, and un
der almost incessant drilling are rap
idly being rounded into shape.
M'KINLEY SIGNS THE
DEWEY RESOLUTION
Pen Used Will Be presented to the
Bear-Admiral Upon His
Beturn.
WASHINGTON, May 11.— President
McKinley has signed the resolutions
passed by the Senate and House ex
tending the thanks of Congress to Com
modore Dewey. At the President's sug
gestion Secretary Porter took charge
of the pen used and will keep it until
Commodore Dewey returns to thia
country. Then It will be presented to
him.
ITALY ON
THE VERGE
OF REVOLT
Riots at Milan Only Part of
a Concerted Plan of
Insurrection.
Belief in European Capitals That
the Uprising* Will Become
General.
LONDON, May 11.— The Italian col
ony is greatly excited by the reports
from Italy. Various statements are
circulated in the colony, alleged to be
based upon cipher telegrams. Accord
ing to one rumor on Monday night at
Naples a regiment flatly refused to
obey orders to fire on the people.
Father Bannin, one of the priests of
the Italian church in Hatton Garden,
London, says:
"We have been expecting a great
revolution for years, resulting from
the exorbitant taxation ground out of
the Italian people."
Reports by way of various continen
tal papers are beginning to arrive for
the London papers, fully confirming the
early reports of the extreme gravity of
the situation. The Times' correspond
ent explains that the bread issue is a
mere pretext for insurrection, prepared
beforehand by associations of navvies
and railway employes, in which a strong
socialist and republican leaven has long
| been working. He says:
"Besides many proofs of this state
ment, It will suffice to say that the riot
ing is confined to the richest districts
in the country. Another strong polit
ical motive underlying the movement is
the well-known desire of the Vatican
and the clericals to foment disorders,
hoping thereby to overthrow the house
of Savoy, in favor of a republic, which
might pave the way to a restoration of
the temporal power of the Pope."
The Rome correspondent of the Times
sends by mail a long dispatch which
the censor had refused to allow to be
transmitted by wire, practically con
firming the terrible nature of the riot
ing at Milan and elsewhere.
The Vienna correspondent of the
Daily Telegraph, describing the riots at
"One thousand persons were arrested,
600 killed and 2000 wounded. In one in
stance twenty students were killed at
the main station of the Viclno Rail
way line. Three hundred rioters set
fire to all the railway carriages and the
military, hurrying up, unfortunately
fired on the firemen who were trying to
i disperse the rioters with a hose. Many
I of the firemen were killed. As all print
ing houses in Milan refused to print
the manifesto the military government
j was proclaimed by drums and the roar
I of cannon."
The Daily News, commenting this
morning on the situation in Italy,
says: "We wish we could believe the
! whole of Italy tranquil. Our corre
1 spondents are unable to get their mes
i sages through, and if everything is so
tranquil it is strange that the Italian
Government should close up all the
j channels whereby such welcome news
': might spread."
ROME, May 12.— 1t will probably be
many days before one is able fully to
estimate the gravity of the riots and
the number of killed and wounded.
i The two suppressed papers, the Radi
cal Secolo and the Republican Italia
! del Popolo of Milan, were undoubtedly
chiefly responsible for the riots there.
The latter journal has been in the
habit for some years of giving its sub
scribers Christmas presents of revolv
ers and hatchets, the latter inscribed
in the Milanese dialect with the motto
"Dalli al Troncho" (Strike at the
The regular subscribers were largely
priests. It is said to-night that ail the
socialist papers throughout the coun
try have been, or will be, arrested and
detained until complete order is re
stored. Evidence accumulated that rail
way men were chiefly responsible for
the risings. The order calling them
under arms is expected to have a good
deterrent effect.
The military organ, Esercito, pub
lishes an order calling under arms the
reservists employed on the railways.
They are not to leave their employ
ment, but are to be under military law,
and thus prevent railway strikes and
agitation.
The Governor of Milan has issued a
decree declaring that persons found cy
cling in the province of Milan will be
Another decree prolongs to May 18
! bills falling due after May 8.
ROME, May 12.— At midnight a semi
! official note was issued asserting that
| "tranquillity" prevails throughout the
j kingdom." According to the same au
i thorlty the Russian Government has
i officially notified Italy that rumors of
j Russia's intention to prevent the cx
i port of cereals are unfounded.
Martial law has been proclaimed in
' the province of Como. There was riot
! ing yesterday at Novara in Piedmont.
i-A mob stoned the troops, who fired
' upon the rioters, injuring five of them.
I An officer and some soldiers were in
! jured.
PARIS, May 11.— The correspondents
i In Rome of the newspapers of this city
, all affirm a revolution in Italy is immi
nent and that a popular rising
throughout the country will not long be
ADVERTISEMENTS. ... : ;
DR. P/ERCE'S E^CTRtcII3ELT
Jggii. ir^^Mim ver> fneap and others very hlgrh, but If you
■££%£ ■- -^SL want tne BEST you MT'ST have Dr Pierces.
it WZZS*"?^^--- ' y ' rsßa c could fl " this whole newspaper with letters
M&Msf' ; - ' : *H received from people who have been cured by
If---'- mMJ-T^-- '•'■vZl Dr - Plerce 's Belt, but we won't do it: would
■MSfg^flgl cc 2 Ht to ° much, and then we should have to
g|Kl fiff charge very high prices for the belts, like the
BHsF^*^3B^ i«P3^HI quacks" do who put such big advertisements
In the Papers- The following letter is like
maß&i aJF\. hundreds of others which we now have on
. " M )j r %^t9rM.'^Mf hand. Read it carefully:
j^, \ WmtUSt ' Plainsburg, Cal.. August 21, 1897.
&£^ Vv'--. ■jl^SßfaF^^S^K "DR. PIERCE & SON. San Francisco— Gen-
jEt^^^^^^Hrl>>^ >^3»*o^'W tlemen: Once again I address you, this time
fivN i JB^gjyv Vgc ' WR^.-g ,. .. v ;ife>N^ to order a $15 Belt. The one you sent me last
BL^ guL' , Wnt on him; so much so indeed that I have never
MHHHMWwWWrfortjSwi*^^^flnß'-m* • heard him complain of his back hurting him
|6pW|BrW|WMFl|SWfilMf3ff^ ' since. So please mail one of your Xo. 2 Chain
■k' Belts complete to Mr. of Plainsburg, Cal.,
mb and 1 will take the chances of having him say
I It did not help him. I remain, yours truly,
H|l^H "GEORGE A. KAHL."
HLd < -' et our new book. Write for it to-day, for
I the next ; time -you I look ! for this advertisement
I you nmr not fir><l il - Or - hetter sti "' call at
I our salesrooms and manufnctory and oxamina
I the goods for yourself. Address
C^PBj^^B^Y^^^fiWbWWßW^S 820 MARKET ST., Opp. Fftlaoe H»W, 8»a Trmit t n
»»3BIwSHR«SaSSSs!SRBJSBW^^^I^I^i^I^WEa«u\3 0)f gg U ]iivan Block, First ay., Seattle. Wash.
delayed. The news caused great satis
faction here, where a republican Italy
is regarded as the natural friend of
France and as an enemy of the drei
bund.
FLORENCE, May 11.— La Nazione
says: "Six thousand foreigners, most
ly Englishmen and Americans, have
left the city within a few days. It is
believed the worst is over."
All business interests have suffered
severely and the city is still under the
control of the troops.
MESSINA, May 11.— Quiet has been
restored here.
LUVINO. Italy, May 11.— In tha riot
ing here yesterday eight persons were
killed and thirty were wounded.
DOUBTS THAT THE CAPE
VERDE FLEET IS AT CADIZ
Navy Department Not Ready to Be
lieve the Reports Sent From
Spain.
WASHINGTON, May 11.— The Navy
Department is In almost hourly expec- j
tation of advices from Admiral Samp- !
son. What the character of these ad- j
vices will be the officials do not inti- j
mate, but they expect Interesting and
important news. It is rather a matter
of surprise to them that the press has
! not already received information from
the squadron via St. Thomas and the
fleet dispatch-boats which accompany
Sampson's squadron. Notwithstanding
the cable advices to the effect that the
Spanish flying squadron has rejoined
the Spanish home squadron at Cadiz,
the naval strategy board is by no means
assured on this point, and it is believed
that while Admiral Sampson has been
placed in possession of the cable re
ports, he has been warned not to accept
them as absolutely conclusive as yet.
In this state of affairs the only prudent
course of action of the department
would seem to be to confer upon Ad
miral Sampson full authority to exer
cise his own discretion in his move
ments, and it Is believed this has been
done. A possible limitation was a re- i
quest that he hold himself in readiness
to furnish armed convoys for the troops
to- Cuba.
It might seem strange that the Navy
Department should be in doubt as to
whether or not a squadron of larg-e
men-of-war is lying in a harbor where
the ships would be plainly visible to the
eyes of 100,000 people. It must be re
membered, however, that the United
States has now no representative in
Cadiz, nor can it look to the represen
tatives of foreign governments in Spain
touching naval movements. Reliance
must be had either upon severely cen
sored newspaper dispatches or upon
the reports of spies, and neither of these
are of unimpeachable accuracy at this
Juncture. For this reason the Navy
Department is disposed to accept all
reports with extreme caution.
AUSTRIA'S EMPEROR
ON THE PRESENT WAR.
Will Maintain Strict Neutrality, but
Hopes the Struggle Will Be
Ended Soon.
BUDA PESTH, May 11. — Emperor
Francis Joseph, replying to the ad
dresses of the members of the delegates
who were received in audience by his
Majesty to-daj', declared that Austria's
relations with all the powers, espe
cially with the neighboring states, were
of the very best.
The Emperor referred with regret to
the hostilities between the United
States and Spain, and said that while
he had resolved to maintain strict neu
trality, he hoped "the distressing strug
gle would soon be ended."
PRINCESS LOUISE IN
•A PRIVATE ASYLUM.
Placed Under Guardians and Her
Father, King Leopold, Will Pay
Her Debts.
. LONDON, May 11.-The Vienna corre
spondent of : the Dally . Chronicle says
"Princess Louise of v. Saxe Coburg-Gotha
. was ; conveyed *to a ': ' private ■ asylum * last
night (Monday). The ; Princess had clan
destinely; passed the ; last few weeks with
Lieutenant yon Ikattichich-K^linch her
lover.at his castle near Agram. Coatla
In the .meantime i her debts grew to mit
lions of florins and bills bearing ? the aJ
leged J orged signature •of f the Arcnduch "
ess. Stephanie came - Into circulation
Prince Phflip , of : Saoce-Coburff-QothaMrt
the lleutenantarrested, the suspicion pre
, vailing .that * he : forged the ■ bills without
the knowledge of j the Princess. ! The lat
ter, has been jplaced under guardians and
K i ng v Leopold, her father, Is prepared
ch a |'f hh o ee rr r &c «l 8 7' d arrans4 the^^A o°f
THREATEN THE HERALD
CALL DISPATCH=BOAT.
Copyright, 1998, by Jamea Gordon Ben
nett.
ST. THOMAS, D. W. 1., May
11.— The captain of the Herald-
Call dispatch-boat has been not
ified by the harbormaster at this
port that he has received a let
ter from the Governor of St.
Thomas to the effect that the
Spanish Government has made
an official protest against the
visits of the dispatch-boat to
Porto Rican waters, and particu
larly to San Juan.
I believe that a spy has In
formed the Spanish authorities
that lam myself a spy. They
threaten to seize the vessel if it
Is seen.
MILITARY DICTATORSHIP
IS NOT FAR DISTANT
A Number of Spanish Cities Have
Been Declared in a State
of Siege.
Copyrighted. 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
GIBRALTAR, May 11.— The principal
cities of Andalusia, such as Seville,
Malaga, Cordova, Almeria, Jaen, Huel
va, Algreciras and Marbella, have been
declared in a state of siege. As they
have had no riots at these places, it is
suspected that a military dictatorship
is not far distant.
MEN
I Who have any self-respect want to be
as bright as new dollars every morn-
ing. You are not, because you do not
sleep well. You are not beaming
with health and strength because
your nerves are weak. You are puny
when you ought to be strong. Air,
\ food and vitality were given you.
Then each helped to make life pleas-
ant. What is the truth now ? Some-
times you eat sparingly; sometimes
you can scarcely touch the best the
\ land affords. As for the vitality
which makes men equal to doing a big
day's work, you have none of it. Those
WHO
Are fond of fast living waste the
strength of vigor. They leave it de-
pleted. Those who work too hard
waste energy and get to be unable to
attend to neceesary duties. Those
who worry and fret at all times get
despondent. None of these should
occur. But if the faults have been
! committed "Hudyan" makes up for it
i all. Each class of folly makes weak
men. But "Hudyan" makes weak
men strong. It has made 20,000
strong men in this country alone, and
a host beside in the world. That is
the mission of "Hudyan," and in it
there is no failure. Never one in-
\ stance. Send for free circulars and
■ testimonials which will show you what
!it has done. Send for free medical
' advice, too — no matter how ill you
■ are.
LIVE.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
STOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS STS.,
San Francisco, Cal.
SUPPLIES j
I *>' KLONDIKE
i should include i
;| BORDEN'S ]!
Peerless Brand
EVAPORATED
:|r,/' UNSWEETENED { ) :
'■.- 1 ' The high reputation for keeping* : .1
:'. I qulity is already well estab- ' >
V Hshed; hence, no' experiment. ... ('
J NEW YORK CONDENSED MILK CO. >
(|-ruxru~u*Li~u'*i.«*u*LruvAji_-"^—w—J( |-ruxru~u*Li~u'*i.«*u*LruvAji_ -"^—w— J k
tiiiiiiirjiiwß
HAVE YOU Bore Throat, Pimples, Copper- OS
Colored - Spots, Aches, . Old Sores, Ulcers B :
in Mouth, Hair-Falling - Write COOK RKM- ■
KDYUO., ' 213 MASONIC TEMPLE, CHI- B
CAGO. j ILL.: ■. for - proofs iof cures. Capital H
I500.0U). Worst cases cured in Is to 36 days, w
100-pare book free. ; B
IS, H ALL'S REIN VIGOR ATOR
g^a^lflß Five hundred reward for anycas*
888 ""tsl we cannot cure. This secret remedy
H H stops all i losses -mi 21 hours, cures
EttSl HI Emissions, Impotency, Varlcocele,
HWI WJrfl Gonorrhoea, Gleet, Fits, Strictures,
UJIJ yliji Lost Manhood and all wasting et~
■ fects of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
BBanESua sealed, $2 bottle; 3 bottles, $5; guar-
: anteed .to I cure. Address HALL' MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, SBS Broadway, Oakland. Cal. Also
: for ; sale at . 1073V4 > Market ' St.. S. F. All pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
(.•^■l^^jiMa Bis; « Is a non-polsonoua
A<^^^H^^^^^^^B remedy for Gonorrhcea,
jrfflßrCCliEb^^B Gleet, Spcrmatorrhcea,
«SMr Id 1 to 5 1»v3.^8 Whites, unnatural ilia-
Jsßlß i Gujkranveea V charges, or any iuflamma-
|S| no» to itriewre. tion, irritation or ulcera- '
t< «oot»«loo. "1 v, tion :of,;mu c o v i n>cm>
IJsItHEEVAHBOheMIC»ICo. braces - Noa-Mtringent.
; «fIA.OINCINf(/ITI,O.J!^feB Sold * l»rngglat«,
U^ v a x ~!3|Mpor sent in plain wrapper,
A^^^^l' -dG^m by express, prepaid, lot
B 00 ' or 3 bottles, 92.75.
*^BW" ■ Circmar rat on rtquMt.ART SALUTES THE RED CROSS
Merchants Give Freely
to the Growing
Fund.
Mfli Work in Prospect
' for the Society to .
Perform.
The fond collected by th« Red Cross
Society up to the time the headquarters
of the organisation closed for the day yes
terday amounted to $5640, and promises
had been received for double that amount.
The officers of the society now are happy
In the thought that they are starting on
their work with a fairly good financial
backing. Before the next forty-eight
hours have passed they believe they will
be able to send off the California troops
fairly well equipped for Immediate hos
pital emergencies. The California boys
are not all that the society will be called
upon to provide for. Troops are coming
from Oregon, "Washington. Utah. Idaho,
Colorado, Kansas. Wyoming and Mon
tana, and their quota will amount to
about 8000 men. Their comforts will be
equally as much a care for the society as
those of the boys from this State, and
they cannot be allowed to leave the land
of their homes without being prepared for
a long siege of sickness in a foreign clime,
that Is almost sure to meet them. The
coming troops will probably not be so well
equipped as those from California, and
there la yet much work for the Red Cross
Society to do. Ten times the amount now
in the hands of the treasurer will have
to be raised, and the States contributing
the troops will be asked to assist in the
work of the organization. Then the work
will only be started. The men will go
away well prepared for the needed com
forts, but the supplies given them will
last only a short time, and perhaps, if
there should be an epidemic among them,
what they will have will only be a drop
In the bucket. The Government supplies
the bare necessities, and the men of the
troops look to the Red Cross Society to
prepare the comforts they will crave
should sickness overtake them
In addition to funds, contributions of
the needed hospital luxuries and neeessi
vill be asked for. Jellies and jams
dried and canned fruits, beef extracts and
similar nourishing foods, mushes and
stimulants are needed, and to-day a com
mittee will arrange for the establishment
of a warehouse for the reception of such
contributions. Such goods should be
packed for shipment on the transports
that will carry the soldiers away. One
wine merchant promised to donate wines
to the extent of $150 and give a cash con
tribution besides. Toomey & Casey, gro
cers at - J .o2y Sacramento street, sent a
; ining an assortment of jellies
and if>rr.s canned soups and beef tonic,
to the headquarters of the society yester
day, [t was the first contribution of the
kin>l received.
Thf- special meeting of the Chamber or
Commerce held yesterday afternoon to
arraußt to give aid to the society was
Lttended by the merchants of the
citj .tii'i those present donated 11150 to
md and" the officers of the Chamber
■ raise $4000 for the society
forty-eight hours. Addresses were
by President Hugh Craig, Irving
M Scott Rev. Dr. Adams, Mayor Phelan,
Rabbi Yoorsanger and Rev. Horatio Steb
bins. Archbishop Riordan sent regrets at
his inability to be present through illness.
Mayor Phelan, who a few days ago gave
o the fund, doubled his subscription
at the meeting yesterday and his name
headed the roll that was circulated, and
he added the name of his mother. Mrs.
James Phelan, just under his own with a
subscription of $100. Irving M. Scott gave
ii virtual subscription of $100. and put
down another $100 for Mrs. Sfott and $50
for his daughter, Mrs. A. W. Brown.
Thon he added another $100 for the Union
Iron Works. The Marble Cutters' and
Polishers" Union added $10 to the fund,
and numerous sums of $100 were received.
Among the subscriptions received during
the day were the following:
H'Mbrook. Merrill & Stetson. $250: Julian
Snnntag, $10; C. R. Bishop. $100; Bancroft,
Whitney & Co.. $23: Mrs. Henry Bingham,
135; Mrs. A. J. Pope, $300; Wells-Fargo
Bank, $100; Nevada Bank. $100; San
rinncisco National Bank, $100; Fireman's
Fund Insurance Company, $100; Home
Mutual Insurance Company, $100; Liver
pool, London and Globe Insurance Com
pany, $100; Stock and Bond Exchange,
$l"ft" Mrs. H. L. Dodge., $25; Mrs. F. A.
Frank. $30; E. A. Penieke, $10; Sachs
t <- Co.. $100; Seven Pines Circle, G.
A R.. $10; Presidio Parlor, N. 8. G. W.,
pi; Lev! Strauss & C 0. ,5250; Spring Valley
Grammar School, $54 05; Hawthorn Prim
ary School, $39 25; Everett Grammar
School. $44; London, Paris and American
Bank. $100.
Miss Ellen Dean notified the society on
Tu.-sday that she would raise $500 for the
organization inside of twenty-four hours,
end she sent in the amount yesterday. The
White House contributed half of the
amount, at the solicitation of the young
lady, and her father increased it by $100.
HOMEOPATHS
IN SESSION
California State Medical So
ciety Meets at the Cali
fornia Hotel.
Elects Officers and Transacts Impor
tant Business — Interesting
Papers Read.
The twenty-second annual session of the
California State Homeopathic Medical So
ciety is being held in the banquet
hall of the California Hotel and will con
tinue for three days. The first session
was held yesterday at 10 a. m. President
George H. Martin called the meeting to
order and the roll call showed fifty dele
gates present. The following were ap
pointed to fill vacancies in the Board of
Censors: J. M. Selfridge, If. B. Campbell.
S. E. Chapman, J. E. Albertson and C.
B. Currier.
New members elected were: H. tt.
Atken of Oakland, A. G. Bailley of this
city and Ben P. Wall of Berkeley. The
reports of the various officers were read
and showed this association of homeo
pathic physicians to be in a flourishing
condition.
Dr. Byron E. Miller of Portland, Or..
and Dr. George J. Augur of Honolulu
were elected honorary and corresponding
members, respectively.
The following officers were elected to
serve for the ensuing term: President,
Merritt B. Campbell, M. D., of Patton;
first vice president, Dr. J. \V. Ward of
San Francisco- second vice president,
Catherine V. C. Scott, San Francisco;
secretary, Eleanor F. Martin. M. D., San
Francisco. The treasurer will be ap
pointed later.
Board of Censors— Henry L. Stambach,
M. D., Santa Barbara; S. S. Salisbury, M.
D.. Los Angeles; W. H. Stiles, M. D.'. San
Bernardino; E. C. Manning^ M. D., Los
Angeles; J. S. Hodge, M. D., Pasadena.
Board of Directors— J. M. Selfridpe, M.
D.. Oakland; William Boertcke. M. D.,
6an Francisco; C. L. Tisdale. M. D., Ala
tneda; A. C. Peterson, M. D., San Fran
cieco; Sidney Worth, A. 8., M. D., San
•Trancisco. Board of Examiners — C. L.
The Orpheum Troupe Will Help the Red Cross Work.
The rest was made up by the many
fiieuds of the patriotic young lady.
Special musical festival services will be
held at Grace Episcopal Church Sunday
evening. The offertory will be for the
Red Cross fund. The music for the oc
casion will be suitable and at the same
time patriotic in its nature. The choir
will be under the direction of the organist,
W. H. Holt.
FLOWERS FOR HUMANITY.
Proceeds of the Floral Show
Will Be Donated to the
' Red Cross.
At a meeting held yesterday morning by
the members of the State Floral Society
it was unanimously decided to contribute
the entire proceeds of the Rose Show,
which will open to-day at Golden Gate
Hall, to the cause of the Red Cross Soci
ety. The public of the city wishing to aid
the boys in blue from the rigors of camp
life and the contagion, disease and death
on the battlefield can do so by accepting
the invitation extended by the Floral So
ciety. They can attend its display, one of
the most beautiful and perfect exhibitions
of the floral wealth of the State, and at
the same time accomplish the desire. of
aiding the suffering soldiers.
Concerts will be given nightly during
the three days that the fete continues,
and will serve as an extra feature to at
tract visitors. Although every possible
and imaginable flower will be on exhibi
tion the rose will predominate and will
constitute the main attraction. The rar
est and most beautiful specimens of this
flower will be exhibited, and from the
present outlook will afford a magnificent
sight of an almost perfect variety.
Those who will contribute to the suc
cess of the show are as follows: G. M.
Tyler of Alameda, Mrs. Wllkes of San
Jose, Mrs. G. C. Ross of Belmont. Carl
Purdy of Uklah Mrs. Wiester of San
Francisco, the Emporium Nursery, also
of this city; Mr. Gill of Berkeley. Frank
Pelicano of San Francisco, Mr. Hinkle of
Berkeley, Mrs. Bailey, San Francisco;
Demoto Brothers, Japanese florists of
Fruitvale and Golden Gate Park.
The exhibition will open this morning
at 10 o'clock.
PATRIOTIC DAUGHTERS.
La Estrella Parlor Ready to
Aid the Society of the Red
Cross.
At a meeting of La Estrella Parlor No.
89, Native Daughters of the Golden West,
a committee was appointed to prepare
resolutions in regard to the sentiment of
the parlor in regard to the war. The com
mittee has presented the following:
Whereas, The troubled voice of war, most
righteous, vibrates throughout the nation, and
out starry banner leads its heroes onward to
battle In the cause of God and humanity;
whereas, that Joy unconflned cannot be ours
until we once more behold the "Flaar that
stirs cur souls" floating- in renewed glory o'er
the "Land of the Free and the Home of the
Brave." blest ascain as It deserves, and de
serving; again to be blest with Heaven's gifts
of victory and peace, he It therefore.
Resolved, That La Estrella Parlor No. 89, X.
D. G. W. t hereby cancel all engagements and
recall all Invitations to their second anniver
sary ball, for the celebration of which on the
12th of May, IS9B, arrangements had been
made.
Resolved, That the members of this parlor,
individually and collectively, pledge their loy
alty to their country and State and stand
rpady to do what may be In their power in
the merciful ranks of the Society of the Red
Cross.
French Citizens Patriotic.
The Franco-Californian this morning
Tisdale, M. D., Alameda; Sidney Worth,
A. 8., M. D., San Francisco; A. C. Peter
son, M. D., San Francisco; George H.
Palmer, M. D., San Francisco; E. R.
Bryant, M. D., San Francisco; Guy E.
Manning, M. D., San Francisco; William
Boerlcke, M. D., San Francisco. Alter-
Frederick G. Canney, M. D., San
Francisco; J. Kastendieck, M. D., San
Francisco. .
Some interesting papers . were • read and
the session promises to be the most suc
cessful ever held by the organization. -
The delegates will visit the ■ Columbia
Theater to-night in a body and the com
mittee of arrangements has in view one
or more pleasant excursions.
■■■ ♦ « .
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mlsalon.
■ ■ » • ' .' ■
THEATRICAL ATTRACTIONS.
Notes of the Playbills and Concert
Programmes of the Current
Week.
Half of Ran Francisco, to judge by the
number of people that attended the re
, opening of the Orpheum last night, has
been deprived of its favorite amusement
for the past few days.
The Orpheum begins its week with an
interesting and a varied programme.
There are tireless dancers with the latest
and most difficult syncopated steps. There
are black-faced comedians, uglier, bigger
mouthed, thicker-headed than any that
ever trod the minstrel stage. There's a
Juggler who out-juggles all his dextrous
predecessors, who performs marvels of
balancing, and whose control over num
berless flying balls only hypnotism could
explain. There's a rubber-legged man
Or if he isn't, he ought to be. So wonder
fully and completely dislocated are his
limbs that there is nothing unnatural
that's beyond him. There's Mile Bartho
too. light, pretty and graceful, who is
none of these three in her second trans
formation, but who captures the house
and not only because thlß is war time and
the sight of the colors stirs a responsive
chord just now— when she dances like a
pretty bit of red, white and blue thistle
down at the last to the tune of "Yankee
Doodle.
At the Baldwin Pilar Morin plays "In
Old Japan" all this week. Scheel's or
chestra fills up, musically and artistically
the first half of the programme. The'
"Passion Play" continues every after
noon except Saturday at 3 o'clock.
Morosco's is filled nightly by a delight
ed crowd of people, who listen to "The
Prisoner of Algiers," a sequel to Monte
Cristo, and watch Jeffries box three
rounds with his brother.
"The Ensign" will be produced every
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THUK9DAT, MAT 12, 1898.
publishes an editorial calling upon the
French citizens of this city to contribute
funds for the Red Cross. It holds that
It is a duty of the French people, in view
of the fact that they are living in Amer
ica, to aid the Americans in every pos
sible way, and that they could do nothing
better than to give assistance, financial or
other, to those who may be called out to
defend the country's honor. It calls
upon all French people to assist in the
cause, and will receive subscriptions at
its office. It is proposed that the presi
dent of each French society sign a letter
which will be sent to each French citizen
in San Francisco, requesting him to par
ticipate In that work.
CALLS A MASS-MEETING.
Citizens of Oakland to Discuss
Red Cross Work on Sun
day.
OAKLAND, May 11.— The Red Cross So
ciety of this city to-day decided to hold
another mass-meeting Sunday. Taking a
lesson from the dispute among the minis
ters at the last meeting, the speakers will
be informed that no reference to the wis
dom or policy of the war will be tolerated,
but that they must confine themselves
strictly to the Red Cross work.
A letter from Surgeon General Middle
ton of the national society was read at to
day's meeting. He asks for sterilized
bandages, aluminum identification checks
to be worn around the soldiers' necks, and
money for any and all deficiencies. This
latter is likely to be needed in prepara
tion of ambulances and stretchers. There
is none of the former on the coast, and
but few of the latter.
All who have signed the enrollment
blanks up to this time have done so with
the understanding that there was no
initiation fees. That was correct, but
since its affiliation with the national so
ciety a fee of $1 must be collected. The
opportunity will be given to all who thus
desire to join in due time. The work will
probably be first publicly started Sunday,
but headquarters have been opened at
room 222. Central Bank building, where
any one may call and leave donations, en
roll or secure information.
AUSTRIANS WILL HELP.
The Verein Oesterreich to Hold
a Festival at the
Chutes.
The Verein Oesterreich, one of th«
leading Austrian societies In this city,
has secured the Chutes for Saturday,
May 28, to hold a festival for the benefit
of the Red Cross Society of California,
and will spare no pains to insure a great
success.
• _«
Stanford Parlor's Mite.
At the regular meeting of Stanford Par
lor No. 76, N. S. G. W., held last evening,
the following motion was unanimously
carried:
That the sum of ten dollars be and the
same is hereby donated to the California
Red Cross Society, and that all members
who have enlisted in the army will not be
required to pay any dues or assessments
during their term of service in the army.
They will be accorded all the rights and
privileges of members in good standing.
Sonoma Will Assist.
SONOMA. May 11.— A mass meeting will
be held here next Saturday afternoon for
the purpose of organizing a Red Cross
League. All the local churches will take
an active part, and great interest is being
manifested.
ALL ON ACCOUNT OF A RAT.
A Rodent With an Eve for Beautu Tries
to Make a Meal of Miss Mollie
Gearu.
Miss Mollie Geary, the pretty sister of Congressman Geary, Is confined
to her rooms at the Hotel Falrmount suffering with nervous prostration.
The young lady Is a stenographer at the Mint, but It was not the. re
sponsibility of her position nor her close attention to duties that brought
on the attack.
A rat, with an eye to the beautiful— in short, an artistic rat— was the
cause of all the mischief.
Some six weeks ago Miss Geary's slumbers were rudely disturbed and
the young lady suddenly awakened by a sensation of pain across her fair
brow. Instinctively Miss Geary put her hand to her head and it came in
contact with a long, lean body— the said mischief-making rat. The young
lady screamed. Sir Rat jumped awkwardly, with a dull, disagreeable thud,
to the floor, and without stopping for a formal leave-taking hied him to his
hole. The shock proved too much for the delicate, nervous organization of
the young lady, and she has since been confined to her bed. Miss Geary
is an interesting patient, and certainly a most attractive and beautiful one.
As she lies, with her copper-colored hair massed in artistic confusion
around her sweet, pale face, she makes so striking a picture that one Is
almost tempted to forgive the rat, realizing the tremendous temptation to
which he was exposed. Although on the high road to recovery, Miss
Geary is still extremely nervous. A creaking door makes her start, and
in her Imagination she sees rats hiding in all dark corners. A long rod is
at her bedside, and at every suspicious noise she pokes around, while mur
derous thoughts surge through her brain.
The rodent has paid the penalty of his heinous crime. A rattrap and
a dog assisted in the meting out of justice. There were no mourners at
the obsequies.
night this week, including Sunday, at the
California. In addition there are the
"Drummer Boy" of Shlloh and the great
Thomas Sharkey.
"Monbars" is on for all this week at
the Columbia, with Robert Mantell as
the hero.
This is the first week of "Ship Ahoy,"
which is billed for two weeks at the
Tivoll. Next Monday night will be Iri
quois Club night, when many of the club's
members will attend in a body.
"Niobe" is the attraction at the Alca
zar.
At the Chutes the animatoscope shows
the "Gallant" Seventh of Los Angeles as
it walked up Market street Saturday last.
"Linda di Chamounix" will be aung to
night at the Bush-street Theater by the
Ziliani Musical Society, assisted by a
Will Sing and Dance
in the Cause of
Mercy.
To-Day Is the Big Benefit
Entertainment at the
Orpheum.
This afternoon the Orpheum will be
dedicated to the Red Cross. The troupe
will sing Its sweetest and dance its pret
tiest and crack iv best and newest Jokes,
the blare of brass and the roll of drums
will rouse all the enthusiasm of a regi
ment on parade, and the lesson of pa
triotism and the tale of the little red em
blem of charity and mercy will be told
from the Btage by one who knows how
to tell it
It will b« the first of the public enter
tainments to be given In aid of the Red
Crocs work and special efforts are being
made to make it a great source of en
couragement for the giving of other such
fillers of the society treasury. The whole
Orpheum troupe will take part, and In
addition there will be an address by
Rabbi Voorsanger, patriotic airs rendered
by the Venetian Ladies" Orchestra, some
patriotic songs by Maude Rockwell of the
Olympia Theater and music by the band
of the First California Volunteers. It
will be as varied a programme as has
ever been presented on the Orpheum
boards, and the reason for it all will lend
an interest not usually attached to the
work behind the footlights. Already the
sale of seats augurs well for the financial
port of the programme and the remainder
Is quite able to take care of itself.
The Orpheum orchestra, inspired by the
desire to aid the wounded, and confident
of the efficacy of harmony as a cure for
all ills, will lead the way for the per
formers. Hays and Bandy will danee —
together and "each by himself, and an en
core, too. If the audience demands and
the time will permit; Bogert and O'Brien
will wring reluctant music from tables
and chairs, plug hats and squawking
geese; John Ransome will transform him
self for the time being into Governor
Budd, and in the person of the executive
he will tell all he knows about the war;
"In Durance Vile," a little comedy skit,
will be presented by Isabelle Urquhart,
Sidney Wllmer and Walter Vincent;
George Fielding, the king of all jugglers,
will throw his bottles and hats and cups
and saucers higher than ever and will
balance on his nose or on his head every
thing he can pick up from his table, and
he may search through his properties for
more than one half-forgotten trick and
bring it forth into the glare of the foot
lights at the bidding of those who go to
see.
Gruet, Beers and Gruet, the eccentric,
grotesque and comic acrobats, will en
deavor to earn another adjective to help
them on the playbills; Mile. Bartho will
have an especially patriotic costume for
her dance, and Lizzie Raymond will have
a new song, tender enough to charm a
heart of stone.
Marion Kerner's "Visions of Art" will
end the programme, and he has promised
something particularly good for the finale.
All his best living pictures will be shown,
and then to end It all he will reproduce
"The Red Cross in the Field."
The programme will begin at 1:30 o'clock
and the doors will be opened the usual
length of time before. Already the seats
are selling rapidly and the success of the
entertainment Is almost assured even be
fore it commences.
The purpose of the entertainment will
be one of the themes of Rabbi Voorsan
ger's address. The story has been told
before, but it will not suffer in the re
telling, and besides there is so much to
tell. There is so little a soldier can do
for himself, anyway, even when he is
well and strong, that the thought of him
wounded and dying, not so much from his
injuries as from lack of care and atten
tion, is enough to bring something more
than a tear to the eye or a note of sorrow
and regret to the voice. It brings full
houses at benefit entertainments; It brings
enthusiasm in the work of mercy and
energy to those who direct it. ana it
brings money easily spared in the cause
of the scarlet emblem of mercy.
Mismated Married Couples.
Judge Dunne has granted Christine
Preskowij a divorce from Wenzel Pres
kowlj on the ground of cruelty.
Dr. Gustave Mahe has been directed
by the Superior Court to pay $100 a month
for the maintenance of his wife, Joseph
ine E. Mahe.
Judge Seawell yesterday granted Daisy
C. Walton a divorce from Henry P. Wal
ton on the ground of desertion. The
plaintiff was by decree of court allowed
to resume her maiden name, Daisy C.
Remp.
Catherine Kelleher has been granted a
divorce from John Kelleher on the
ground of cruelty.
The following new suits for divorce
were filed yesterday: Maud Boyle from
James Boyle, failure to provide; Carrie
White from Andrew White, failure to
provide: Mary Provolt from John H. Pro
volt, desertion.
large orchestra and chorus of 100 voices
Next Saturday at Sherman, Clay & Cos
Hall Paloma Schramm plays her farewell
programme. She leaves shortly for
Europe.
■♦ « ,
San Diego Democrat Chosen.
Chairman Alford of the Democratic
State Central Committee has appointed
J. J. Irwin of San Diego as the ninth
member of the committee on organization.
He also appointed John W. Edwards of
Kedlands as committeeman from San
Bernardino County in the place of J. J.
Wilson, retired.
Try oar fl Eyeglasses. 710 Market & U Gear*,
GETTING READY
FOR MANILA
Ohio and Connemaugh
Added to the Fleet of
Troopships.
Will Carry Man and Provision
to the Aid of Admiral
Dewey,
Work on tha Australia, City of Poking
and City of Sydney Is Being
Rushed.
The eteamers Ohio and Connemaugh,
which arrived from the Eaat a few days
ago for the Klondike trade, have been
chartered by the Government, and will
carry soldiers and stores to Manila. The
Ohio can easily be fitted out for troops,
but the chances are that the Connemaugh
will be used as a storeship. The work of
discharging both of them was going on
with a rush all of yesterday, and the
chancea are that both of them will be
ready to go Into commission to-day.
The Australia was taken to the Union
Iron "Works yesterday and put on the
drydock. a gang of carpenters are at
work on her, putting up bunks and fitting
her up for the trip to the Philippines.
She will come off the drydock to-day, and
the work of coaling will begin as soon
as she is docked at Pacific-street wharf.
The work of discharging the City of
Peking was to have been finished Tuesday
night, but it was not until yesterday
evening that the work was completed.
The big steamer will be drydocked at
Hunters Point, and it will probably be
Tuesday next before she is ready to sail.
There was a change about in the officers
on the steamers City of Sydney and San
Jose yesterday. The Sydney is being
made ready" as quickly as possible to go
to the Philippines with troops, and as
Captain McLean and Chief Officer Kltt
would rather remain on the Central
American run, they have been transferred
to the San Jose. Captain Pillsbury and
Chief Officer Connors of the San Jose
will take the City of Sydney to Manila.
Admiral Miller raised his flag on the
Monterey yesterday. Until a cruiser ar
rives in port the coast defense steamer
will act as flagship.
The men on the Unadilla, the Mare
Island dispatch-boat, were feeling quite
happy yesterday. For more than three
weeks they have been working nights lay
ing torpedoes in the harbor and about
the entrance. The work was not only
tedious but dangerous, and the men are
glad it is over. Only dark nights were j
chosen, and the Unadilla showed no lights
and dark lanterns only were used.
The schooner John D. Tallant was run
Into by the river steamer Modoc yesterday
and considerably damaged. She was to
have sailed for the Amoor River to-day
with a cargo valued at $95,397, but it will
take a couple of days to make the neces
sary repairs. The flood tide carried the '
steamer against the schooner with suf
ficient force to carry away the cathead :
and a considerable portion of the port j
railing, besides some of the bulwarks.
Henry Trattan was nearly killed on the !
British ship Port t«gan yesterday. He |
was down in the hold shoveling coal, when
a black diamond fell from the ascending
bucket and struck him on the head. He i
was not stunned by the blow, but as his
head was cut, his companions decided to ;
take him to the Harbor Receiving Hos
pitaL Trattan walked from Green
street wharf to the hospital, and there !
Drs. Hartley and Green found his skull
was fractured and that trepanning was
necessary in order to save his life. Trat
tan is now doing as well as can be ex
pected.
Frederick Becker, an elderly man, was
struck by a Sacramento-street car and '■
badly bruised, besides receiving internal
injuries, yesterday. He was treated at
the Harbor Receiving Hospital.
The lighthouse inspector notifies marin
ers that the Mile Rock bellbuoy is not !
sounding and that it will be put in order
as speedily as possible.
The bark Northern Light started for
Kotzebue Sound yesterday afternoon, but
was stopped off Meiggs wharf by the
revenue cutter Golden Gate. Owing to
passenger accommodation having been i
built on deck, the vessel's tonnage had i
been increased, and Captain Whiteside j
failed to notify the Custom-house of the
fact. It was proved to the satisfaction
of the Collector that the matter was an i
oversight, so the bark and her passengers
were allowed to proceed, and she will be
resurveyed upon her return.
THE REPUBLICAN LEAGUE.
Committees Appointed to Prepare for
the Convention to be Held Here.
The Executive Committee of the Re
publican League of California met last
night with the presidents and secretaries
of the local Republican clubs to « perfect
arrangements for the State Convention of
Republican Clubs to be held on the 31st
inst.. in this city.
B.M. Galvln was elected chairman and
H. J. Riggins secretary.
After considerable discussion as to the
form of badge to be worn by the Recep
tion Committee, it was decided to have a
badge of red, white and blue, six inches
long and two Inches wide, with an inscrip
tion printed on it bo as to properly desig
nate •..-; the ; members. Charles Middleton,
Dawson '- Mayers and M. ' F. »; Taylor were
appointed on a committee to look after the
printing of the badges.
F. A. Pedlar. T. B. Morton, S. F. North
rup, George Ingraham and . Martin Mur
ray were appointed on a committee to stir
up ■ the local j Republican clubs , and ' have
them take an interest in the convention.
|p Colonel George Stone -reported that the
steamship i and railroad lines had agreed
to give a reduced rate to the delegates to
the convention and their families. :; He
then ? suggested that a committee be ap
pointed to wait on the 4 hotel proprietors
and - ask for rates that would induce the
delegates to bring their families with
them. The suggestion was accepted and
M. jF. Taylor, ?.< Martin Murray, T. C
Maher, S. I. Jacobs and N. E. Maison were
appointed as the committee.
..-■■- ..-. — :: — ■«v-'--" :^ 
DOBAN CENSURED.
Did Not Hire Mechanics for the Pa
vilion Work — A Settlement.
At a meeting of the District Council of
Corpenters and Joiners last night at 113314
Mission street the matter of responsi
bility for the recent catastrophe at the
Mechanics' Pavilion was taken up. After
receiving the report of Business Agent H.
M. Saunders it was decided that censure
be attached to Contractor Doran for not
having had the seats surrounding the
arena constructed by reliable mechanics.
The council exonerated the inspecting fire
marshal and recommended all architects
and business men to see that in the future
"all such work be given to a responsible
contractor, who thoroughly understands
such work." Contractor Doran's "greed"
and disregard for human nfe was severely
sco Ted by the council after hearing the
evidence submitted by Mr. Saunders.
Groom & Gibbs. managers of the recent
Sharkey-Jeffries fight, have decided that
the best thing they can do is to pay the
workmen hired as carpenters by Con
tractor Doran. who failed to give his em
ployes their dues. After the accident, the
breaking of the benches, Doran said that
he had no money. A number of the work
men complained to the .Labor Commis
sioner, who discussed the situation with
the managers, and they said they would
pay Doran's bills and take the amount
from the contract price. Yesterday twenty
of the men were paid and to-day the re
maining twenty will receive their dues.
The amount of each man is about $18.
DIED.
WATSON— In this city, May 11. 1898, Bennie
F.. dearly beloved son of Benjamin and An-
nie Watson, and brother of May, Jamea,
Peter and Annie Watson, a native of San
Francisco, aged 11 years 7 months and 9 days.
THE EMPORIUM.
Towels To-Day
In Bargain Section.
You should never leave the big store,
without visiting the BARGAIN SEC-
%<fc: % TION. It : is a whole division of the
1 store given over to special sales, and r
jffl^ Jjtfcrw it's ea sy to find — right back of the.ro-
■ : /fiWlr\' tunda, opposite the Book Department.
y^' / 1 LV\T A J-x iV There are always many specials from ".;
jCLf^K \\V>" <>^\/ V \ all parts of the store on sale there' be-
v^xti X \' - ""^"^i YTIT< sides those mentioned 1 in our announce-;
tit's easy to find — right back of the ro-
tunda, opposite the Book Department.
There are always many specials from
y all parts of the store on sale there be-
sides those mentioned in our announce-
Wnts.
To-day and while Ihe lots last —
'111 1 1 V l!^\^Jm I Towels, Toweling and Novelty
j^il \ Mlo)' Wash • Goods — in the "Bargain
-*~~ -^^^rZrf 250 dozen Bleached Cotton Dice Fringed Towels ,
"^TrTTTi —neat colored borders— size X inches. To-
rn I 1 1 ; day and while the quantity lasts—
He Pair, or 65c Dozen.
40 pieces Bleached Linen Crash— our regular i2^c and 15c a yard grades
—18 and 20 Inches wide. To-day and while the quantity lasts, i(\ r
per yard •• •. ... • I V I
5000 yards Printed Novelty Wash Fabrics— Lappetts, Organdies, Dimities
and Lawns— this season's pretty styles— regular izyic and 15c -Jt r
qualities. Thursday, Friday, and Saturday in the Bargain Section at * . »**
Another Ribbon Sale
Friday and Saturday.
The Emporium Ribbon Sales never fail to (^3^\jil\
create a sensation. It is not alone the almost pg«=^jlj4
unlimited quantities and the very large assort- Js^^vAjJ^^
ments of correct colors that we always offer,
but San Francisco ladies have never before tl£|fY/C\X
seen such really exquisite Ribbons so cheaply
These for Friday and Saturday only — fE-'i^sS?
Sale tables, main aisle, near rotunda. Is?<mMP\
LOT I— 3000 yards of good quality, stylish All-silk Fancy if \l
Ribbons — the wide kind— for neck, hat or sash — j/ *&=£
choicest colorings. Friday and Saturday j o .
LOT — 4000 yards of rich, expensively woven Silk Fancy Ribbons—
date styles artistic colorings and extra wide— they are worth iC-
35c and 45c yard. Friday and Saturday 0n1y............... •• *-J\s
LOT 3— 2000 yards assorted, picked from our best All-silk Fancy Ribbons —
guaranteed all pure silk — exquisite styles and colorings — 50051?
values. Friday and Saturday only ; < -* -***
The Grocery Specials
Thursday and Friday.
There are always some extra special offerings in the Groc-
ery Department, which, if they do not appear in our newspaper
announcements, will be found posted on the large card in the
grocery show window. Here are four for two days only:
Choice Eastern Hams— the kind that sells regularly for 13c lb— will gi-
be.. -. »*'
Birdseed— plain or mixed— regularly 4c lb — will be 8 lbs for 'OKp
Loose Cluster Raisins— special for the two days only, 8 lbs f0r......... 2^r*
Emporium Savon — regularly 25 bars for $1— for the two days <£• swv
35 f0r........:.... •pI»UV
Grocery Department— Floor—
Jessie-st. Bide. Telephone— 59.
ThA CallfornfefeLargest.
■ LIT America* Grandest •
fiffPortHii!
Golden Rule Bazaar
COST OF THE
SCHOOL CENSUS
The Limit Exceeded by-
Over a Thousand
Dollars.
Director Head Exposes the
Scheme by Which the
"Push" Profited.
Consideration of Bids for New Text
books Deferred Until Next
Wednesday.
The Board of Education omitted its
usual executive session prior to the regu
lar session yesterday. But the star-cham
ber proceedings were not entirely dis
pensed with. They were held the night
before, although Head. Derham and
Armer were not invited to attend. How
ever, if any jobs were hatched, they were
not sprung yesterday, even the school
book cinch going over till next week,
when a special session will be held. In
these days of Grand Jury investigations
and alert Judges the majority is "lying
mighty low."
It was generally conceded that Director
Waller would be the barometer by which
the justice of Judge Belcher'sproceedings
against the Grand Jury would be indicat
ed. The director usually keeps himself on
constant review during the sessions of
the board, and, if he exhibited unusual
exuberance yesterday. It would be taken
to indicate that the intimations in certain
quarters were justified that the Judge had
acted at the behest of the "push." A sub
dued spirit, it was said, would be proof
that Belcher's reasons for discharging
the Grand Jury were just.
Well, Waller was the most quiet mem
ber of the board. He only broke loose
once or twice, and then he quickly cap
tured himself.
The first matter taken up was the open
ing of bids for textbooks for drawing and
supplementary reading. A large number
of Eastern firms, as well as local publish
ers, put In bids, but so much opposition
was developed to saddling any more ex
THE EMPOBITJM.
pense upon the parents of school children
that the matter went over until next
Wednesday.
The finance committee reported a bill of
17100, the cost of taking the school census,
and recommended that it be paid.
Head objected. He said that the usual
cost of taking the census was $5000. Last
year that limit was exceeded by about
$600, and the board set aside $6000 for the
purpose this year. This was considered,
most liberal and the Marshal had prom
ised to keep within the limit. The extra
cost was due to the large number of men
employed, who, in order that work might
be found for them, went to some houses
three and even four times. One hundred
and six people had been employed by tha
Marshal, a larger force than ever used
before.
Waller tried to excuse the Increased
cost, and the majority accepted his ex
planation for the bill was ordered paid.
Miss Grace B. Chalmers, Miss Mary C.
Dwyer, Miss M. Walsh, Miss Elizabeth C.
Fleming, N. Kennedy. Miss A. E. O'Sulli
van, Miss Mabel Bradley, Miss M. W.
Walsh, Miss Emily P. Rhine. Miss Lillian
R. Suich, Miss Julia F. Sullivan, Miss
Katherine Lawler, Miss Ellen Ward,
having successfully served the term of
probation, were elected regular teachers.
Waller tried to have all teachers on the
probationary list of the evening schools
prior to July 1, 1897. elected regular teach
ers, but his resolution brought forth such
a protest that it was referred to the com
mittee on qualifications.
Spoke to Socialists.
Henry Highton addressed a meeting In
the Turk-street Temple last evening on
"Standards of Integrity in the United
States." Like many others who have spo
ken before Liberty Branch lately ,Mr.
Highton is not a Socialist, but his views
on economic questions are such as to
please the audience immensely. His lec
ture last night was a tirade against the
way in which politics, political offices
and Senates and Legislatures are mani
pulated by political machines and bosses.
He said that the great majority of the
people are honest enough, but they allow
themselves to be carried away and their
rights trampled on by soulless politicians.
For Selling Pools.
William Burke, 19 and 21 Ellis street,
pleaded guilty in Judge Campbell's court
yesterday afternoon to a charge of violat
ing the pool ordinance, which was a sur
prise, as the general tendency has been
to fight the cases to the bitter end. Burke
was ordered to appear for sentence thif
morning.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children,
Theftte-
dolls j^Tm s*m*~~ mm "^ is es
56
THURSDAY .......;.;»..:..MAY:a, 1898
john d. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE ..Market and Third Sts., S. p.
. Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL BOOMS 2IT to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874,
THE 6 AN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In tbls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month
66 cents. _______ '
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall, $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE —^— —..... ..908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE. « ..Room 188, World Bafldinft (
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) 0FF1CE. ............ R>__« Hose*
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquetto Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock. 287 Hayes street, open until
930 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock*
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— "ln Old Japan."
Columbia— -Monbare "
California— "The Bnslm."
Alcazar— •'Niobo
Morosco'B— "Tbe Prisoner of Algiers."
Tlvoll— "Ship Ahoy."
Orphenm — Vaudeville
Wech.ir.lcs' Pavilion— Masonic Festival.
Sherman, Clay Hall-Paloma Schramm, Saturday afternoon.
Sherman, Clay Hall— Kneisel Quartet, Monday, May 16.
Metropolitan Temple—Testimonial to Fritz Scheel, Sunday
Biter neon, May 15.
The Chutes -Zoo, Vaudeville, and "Visions of Art. '
Oiympla— Corner Mason and Eddy streets, Specialties.
Central Park— Dog and Pony Show.
Sutro Baths— Swimming.
El Campo— Music, dancing: boatlnsr, fishing', every Sunday,
California Jockey dub, Oalt land— Races to-day.;
AUCTION SALES.
By Prank W. Butterfleid-Thls day, May 12. Furniture, at
631 Post street, at 11 o'clock. Also, Furniture, at 259 Turk street,
at 2 o'clock. _^__^^^____-
SACRAMENTO'S "OLD WOMON."
THERE is in Sacramento a well understood habit
of referring to the Record-Union as the "Old
Woman." That this title is an unmerited re
flection upon age and upon the sex we delight to
honor nobody who has experienced the sorrow of
reading that paper will think of denying. The Record-
Union is a senile old woman if a woman at all. Upon
its editorial page it showers the evidence of its dotage.
It has occasionally been led so far from the path of
intellectual integrity as to assail The Call.
The latest grievance of the Old Woman (we use
the term not with unqualified approval) is that this
paper has shown the water drank in Sacramento to
be unfit for such purpose. For having done so the
reward is a lack of appreciation amounting to actual
abuse. It has been necessary to demonstrate that the
water furnished the capital city is unfit for use, that
it contains the germs of fever, that the pollution
conies from a specific source. For having performed
a simple duty The Call is subjected to various
epithets. Yet every allegation it made in connection
with the matter is true, every warning based upon a
knowledge of the facts. The Record-Union is aware
of this. It admits the facts, but it objects to the cir
cumstance that a journal not printed there should
have presumed, for the good of Sacramento, to set
forth conditions which it was the bounden duty of
the Sacramento papers to set forth themselves.
In the article abusing The Call this Old Woman,
growing garrulous, seems unaware of the fact that
it admits every assertion among those which have
aroused its ire to be true. It even enlarges upon
them. For instance it says:
This city has two great, immediate and pressing
wants— a clear, pure water supply and completion of the
newer system, that the abominable cesspools may be
abandoned, and the storage of filth under the noses of
every household be done away with.
Until this people rise to the level of these"- great needs
and order them supplied, we must expect to be subject
to such smirching as the sensational press has given us.
We must expect cleanly people to speak ill of us; wo
must expect seasons of abnormal sickness, and when
pestilence comes into the State we must expect it to find
a congenial home among us.
Such is exactly the position taken by The Call, and
for having taken it the Old Woman abuses this paper
in the same article. Verily the Old Woman needs
looking after. Possibly she has indulged to excess
in catnip tea.
THE FEAT OF THE WINSLOW.
A GALLANT dash of the American torpedo boat
Winslow into Cardenas Bay on Monday
brought on a contest with three Spanish gun
boats, which resulted in another demonstration of the
superiority of the gunners of our navy over those in
the Spanish service. Though the Winslow was at one
time within 1500 yards of the gunboats she was never
touched by shot or shell, while, on the other hand,
her fire was so accurate that the enemy was compelled
to retire to the protection of the forts, carrying with
them one of their boats in a disabled condition.
In this contest the superiority of numbers and
weight of guns were overwhelmingly on the side of
the Spanish. A single gunboat ought to be more
than a match for a torpedo boat in a fight at long
range. Three gunboats against one torpedo boat was
therefore an instance in which the odds against the
torpedo boat were so great as to make the contest on
her part seem as one of bravado or desperate daring
rather than a well-considered feat of war.
The result showed, however, that the American
commander had not engaged in any foolish or reck
less adventure for the mere sake of showing valor
and winning a reputation. The Spaniards fired ac
curately enough at first, but imr ediately afterward
their shots were wild. According to the reports "they
seem to have been firing at the wide, wide world"
rather than at the little Winslow.
Very different was the fire of the American gunners.
The accuracy of their aim improved aa the fight went
on and they acquired a better knowledge of the range.
It is evident from this that the excitement of battle
and the presence of danger drives the Spaniard wild,
but steadies the American to his work and gives him
a precision of eye and hand he could hardly attain in
peaceful target practice.
This difference between the manhood of the crews
more than counterbalances any possible superiori - of
ships and guns the Spaniards might be able to bring
against an American fleet or ship during the war.
We can therefore await the result of every approach
ing contest with an even greater assurance of victory
than we have hitherto felt. The Spaniards may be
brave, and their* ships may be strong, but in these
days of long range guns neither courage nor strength
will avail a nation whose soldic s grow wild and lose
their heads at the very time they most need cool
brains, clear eyes and steady hands.
THE VICTORY OF MANILA BAY.
Q MERICAN fighters have always been noted
/ \ for the keenness and courage of their initia
* * tive. A British officer who watched the
storming of Chapultepec and the entry of Scott's
little army into the capital of Mexico said that in self
reliance, courage and initiative it had no equal in
military history. That final action of our war with
Mexico was commemorated forever. General Scott
levied a fine upon the City of Mexico which was used
in founding the Soldiers' Home at Georgetown, in
the Qistrict of Columbia, which is to this republic
what the Hotel dcs Invalides is to France.
It shelters the spent and homeless soldier in his old
age and perpetuates the memory of gallant action on
a foreign soil.
The American faculty of initiative has just been il
i lustrated again in the victory of Manila Bay. Dewey,
nearly 7000 miles away from his base of supplies,
with 2000 men under his command, the deck under
foot and sky overhead, sailed into a fortified port and,
moving between the fire of land batteries and that of
the enemy's fleet, poured hot broadsides into both
until the fleet was destroyed and the batteries were
silenced. The action in Caesar's military career
which stands most prominently in front in the his
tory of his campaigns was his initiative when engaged
in the siege of a walled city in GauL With all of
his force occupied with the enemy protected in his
front by strong and high walls, he was suddenly at
tacked in the rear by a superior force that had
marched to raise the siege. If he faced the new dan
ger a sally from the city would attack his rear. In
stantly he ordered a new formation by making his
army face both ways. The siege went on, and at the
same time the battle in the open fields was fought,
and the walls were breached at the moment th-s army
of relief surrendered. These land tactics were never
reproduced on the water until Dewey fought the land
batteries on one side and the fleet of Montijo on the
other and destroyed both.
Though the gallant action was 7000 miles away its
purpose was the defense of San Francisco. If
Montijo's fleet had survived it would have ravaged
our coasts and possibly this city might have been put
under tribute. In no part of the world was news of
the battle more anxiously awaited than here, and no
where did the flags ripple in the breeze with a higher
thrill than when every halyard shook its bunting out
in celebration of our delivery from danjer and in
honor of the victory of Manila Bay.
That victory should have lasting memorial here.
In this seaport city, where the wealth and commerce
of our Pacific Coast have ti.eir highest and most per
manent expression, there should be kept in everlast
ing memory this battle at the antipodes, fought and
won for us.
On the Spanish fleet are guns and armor enough to
build such a monument as will forever honor the
American navy and the commander and men who
have placed our self-reliant spirit and dashing initia
tive in advance of the world.
Let the transport ships which sail soon tor the
scene of this action in the far Philippines be directed
to bring back to San Francisco such guns and other
permanent material as may be desirable as trophies
from the Spanish fleet, to be wrought into a monu
ment that will tell forever the story of Dcwey's vic
tory.
AFTER THE WAR IS OVER.
IT was apparent in the beginning that the real bur
den of responsibility assumed by the United States
would appear after our account with Spain is
settled.
We have to do things during the war that impose
peculiar responsibility. The Spanish fleet in the Phil
ippines had to be sought out and destroyed to make
our Pacific Coast safe. But when we did it we de
stroyed Spain's power to protect ihe civilized people
of the Philippines from massacre by the insurgent
descendants of the Malay head-hunters. Talk about
a republic in those islands is like talk about a Sioux
or Apache republic in Dakota or Arizona. Not only
are those eight millions of mongrels ignorant of self
government, but they know nothing of any govern
ment and respect none except one strong enough to
restrain by force their disposition to murder and
rapine. They are Malays crossed on a half dozen
aboriginal tribes which were lower than any of our
red Indians, and this interesting result has been mixed
with Chinese, Portuguese and Spanish blood until
there are millions of mongrels who are at once the
despair of the ethnologist and the statesman. Sev
eral members of Congress speak of planting the stars
and stripes permanently over those people and extend
ing to them our institutions, and no doubt a strong
party will appear in advocacy of such an outcome.
The fitness of that people to receive our birthright
will have been tested, meantime. Their alertness in
regarding the overthrow of Spanish authority as in
tended to give them a chance to sack hospitals, steal
military stores and enter upon a career of loot and
murder should satisfy any one as to their fitness to
receive Anglo-Saxon institutions.
It is highly probable that when we land troops at
Manila these head-hunting savages will see in them
simply the representatives of orderly government
and will attack them as they have the Spanish forces.
In our ardor we are too apt to treat all revolutionists
as the analogues of our forefathers, who were English
gentlemen, trained in the science of government and
wise in the ways of legal order.
Turning from the Philippines to Cuba, we have
more of the mongrel class to deal with. Maceo, the
first insurgent chief, was a half-negro, and his suc
cessor, Gomez, is bred the same way. It is already
apparent that Gomez has great expectations. A few
days ago he stated the simple principle on which he
conducts his campaign by saying, "It is a war of ex
termination," and now he is reported to have notified
the President that our troops should not be landed in
Cuba, but that we should furnish him with arms and
ammunition — of course to continue his war of exter
mination. It will be necessary to teach Gomez and
Aguinaldo, the Philippine rebel general, that we are
not engaged in the business of furnishing savages the
means of carrying on a war of extermination. We
have set out to do an unpleasant duly in the case of
Spain, and when that is done we may have upon our
hands the task of exterminating the Cuba exterminat
ors and quelling the Philippine head-hunters.
The Denver man who threw a stone into a can of
nitro-glycerine for the fun of seeing an explosion did
not remain in the vicinity long enough to fully grasp
the impressiveness of the merriment he was creating.
The Coroner, however, is conscientiously trying to
find him.
Dewey is being praised by the English press. We
sometimes quarrel with our British friends, but it
must be acknowledged that they do like a fighter.
Aside from being another style of cutthroats, the
Philippine insurgents seem to be about of a piece with
their oooressor*
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 12, 1898.
FINANCES OF TrjE CHARTER.
AFEW days ago The Call published a financial
statement compiled by Auditor Broderick, m
which it was shown by figures that the pro
posed charter, unless the limit on taxation is sus
pended, will create a deficit of $1,121,788 the first
year it is put in operation. The answer of the char
ter organ to this is that the Auditor's figures are
"misleading" and inspired by the sugar trust. No
attempt is made to refute Mr. Broderick's conclusions
nor— except in a few immaterial instances — to modify
his estimates. The charter organ relies entirely upon
its allegation that the Auditor is an enemy of good
government and working with the sugar trust to
prevent the creation of a Czar Mayoi in San Fran
cisco.
Yet it is susceptible of proof that the Auditor's es
timates of increased expenditures under the charter
are exceedingly modest. He figures that the increase
in the Board of Public Works, which is designed to
succeed the Street Department system, will amount
to but $65,000 annually. The charter organ says
"the only salaries fixed in this department are $12,000
for the three Commissioners and $1800 for the sec
retary." And then it adds: "The compensation of
all other officials in the department is fixed by the
Commissioners, but the total is absolutely fixed by
the charter not to exceed the amount to be appro
priated by the Supervisors."
Here, then, is the joker. The Board of Public
Works may fix the salaries of the clerks, superin
tendents, inspectors, engineers, surveyors, deputies,
architects and workmen whom it is authorized to
employ under section 3 of chapter 1, article VI. The
only check upon its expenditures for this purpose is
the forbearance of the Supervisors. How would this
forbearance be expanded, after the adoption of the
charter, if the Board of Public Works should pro
pose to let the Supervisors name about half its em
ployes? It is notorious that discretion as to fixing
salaries always results in high salaries. Take the
present Board of Health, for instance. Its statutory
inspectors receive $100 a month; its additional in
spectors, whose salaries are fixed by the board, $200.
It is safe to say that under the system outlined
$250,000 would not meet the increased requirements
of the proposed Board of Public Works.
The Auditor's statement shows that there are upon
the face of the proposed charter increased expendi
tures amounting to $750,400, and decreases amount
ing to $156,965— a net increase of $593-435- Unless
there is an increase in the value of real and personal
property beyond what the Assessor now returns as
its cost value there can be raised under the charter by
taxation only about $3,460,000. The revenue from other
sources will yield not over $1,300,000. Adding an
appropriation for the parks of $242,200 and $60,000
for the interest account and sinking funds, and the
amount that can be raised under the charter for con
ducting the government is $5,062,200. The appropria
tions for the year 1897-98 aggregate $5,490,553 Add
to this the estimated deficit for this year, $100,000,
and the net increases provided for by the charter,
$593,435, and the total amount required is $6,183,988.
There will be, therefore, unless the charter limit is
suspended, an annual deficit of $1,121,788. This is
not taking into account the salary fixing abilities of
a Board of Public Works in combination with a
Czar Mayor and a hungry ring of Supervisors.
These figures cannot be dismissed with light and
airy allegations about sugar trusts and an iconoclastic
Auditor. If they are reliable the adoption of the
charter will be in the nature of a financi: . calamity.
It ought to be somebody's duty to demonstrate their
incorrectness— if they are incorrect.
THE LOS ANGELES WATER FIGHT.
ALTHOUGH less than ninety days remain for
the Councilmen of Los Angeles to arrange for
the purchase of the improvements of the water
company and thus regain for the city the valuable
water rights leased out for a song in the days when
Los Angeles was a hamlet, next to nothing has been
done to accomplish that purpose. Up to this time the
water company has not even made a statement of the
value of its improvements, and until that is done
everything else must wait.
By way of making at least a pretense at recovering
the property, the Council at its last meeting passed
a resolution demanding a statement from the com
pany. Such a resolution has a businesslike sound,
but then equally strong and full sounding resolutions
have been passed before. The water company has ig
nored those of the past, and it is a fair assumption it
will ignore this one also. Something more than a
formal resolution of demand will be necessary to
bring that cunning corporation to time.
The game now being played by the water company
in Los Angeles is the boldest that has ever yet been
put up by a water company anywhere in California
to enrich itself at the expense of the people. The feat
recently accomplished by which water rates were
raised in Oakland is one of mild-mannered modesty
in comparison with the grab in the City of Angels.
The Oakland water companies own the property out
of which they are to make exorbitant rates, but the
Los Angeles corporation aims to rob the people not
only by high rates, but of the water property itself.
It is high time for the people of Los Angeles to
bestir themselves in defense of their property and
rights. The Councilmen may be well meaning, but
they are certainly not acting with the force required
to baffle the greedy and unscrupulous men who are
planning to hold the leased water rights as if they
were private property. Ninety days is a short time
in which to make estimates of the company's im
provements and arrange for purchasing them.
The company has been fighting for delay all along
and will continue such tactics to the end, for to it
delay means victory. The people must move in or
der to win. The Council having now passer! ence
more the usual resolution demanding a statement
from the company, the people should see t<s it that
this time the resolution has vigor behind it and that
the demand is enforced.
Only a few days ago a learned contemporary ex
plained and extolled the wisdom of the Government
in not giving Captain Sigsbee a new command. Mean
time Captain Sigsbee is on the high seas as com
mander of the St. Paul, a circumstance showing that
either the Government or the contemporary needs
a guardian.
Neither did Secretary Long waste any words in
sending orders to Dewey. His instructions constitute
a model of brevity, and the ultimate effect of them
shows that they were about right in other respects.
Yellow journalism is engaged in committing hara
kiri. The spectacle of its last agony is not pleasant,
but, considering how seriously yellow journalism was
in need of killing, can be endured.
New York society men who have joined Roose
velt's "rough riders" will find the difference between
chasing an aniseseed bag in time of peace and chas
ing a live Spaniard to be considerable.
"RETURNED ON ACCOUNT OF THE WAR."
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS
D. R. Cameron of Hanford is registered
at the Lick.
Brigadier General M. W. Muller of
Fresno is at the California.
Dr. A. M. Porter and family of Spring
field, Ohio, are at the Grand.
E. S. de Golyer, a wealthy- mining man
of Los Angeles, is at the Palace.
J. R. McKinne and family of Colorado
Springs are staying at the Palace.
L. G. Lautzenhiser, a wealthy Iron
manufacturer of Denver, Is at the Grand.
C. W. Beale, a mining man of Wallace,
Idaho, will be at the Occidental for a few
days.
George R. Carson, with his wife and
daughter of New Almaden, are at the Oc
cidental.
J. P. O'Brien, an attorney of Sonora,
ana J. Grover, a merchant of Colusa, are
at the Grand.
Captain Charles H. Dasher of the First
Battalion, California Volunteers, regis
tered at the Baldwin.
A. Gartenlaub, a prominent merchant
of Fresno, and Datus E. Smith, a real es
tate man of Pasadena, are stopping at
the Occidental.
Adjutant Gen
eral Barrett told
a good story at
the banquet giv
en to the Cali
fornia Volunteers
Tuesday night.
The time was
PLAYED
THE
SAME GAME.
during the civil war, the place the siege
of Vicksburg, and the chief actor the
general himself, who at that time was a
private in the Bervlce of the Union army.
It was at dead of night, and both ar
mies were encamped within a short dis
tance of each other, and although hostili
ties had temporarily ceased the crack of
a rifle from the sharpshooters on the op
posing sides resounded now and then, and
the intense darkness did not always in
terfere with the unerring accuracy of the
death dealers.
About 1 o'clock in the morning Private
Barrett happened to espy a dead tree at
a distance of 800 feet from his camp, and
the thought of what a beautiful vantage
place to kill off some rebels from behind
that fallen log when the dawn would ap
pear flashed through his brain. He im
mediately proceeded to carry his idea
into effect, and with his rifle he cautious
ly approached the defunct tree. The dan
ger of this act must be apparent when it
is known that even the rustle of a leaf
would attract the deadly aim of a score
of sharpshooters, but Barrett was young
and full of an ambitious desire to "pick
off" a few "Johnnies" in return for simi
lar compliments extended to some of his
unfortunate companions. He had crept
on all-fours to within about fifty feet of
his objective point when he stopped to
put a chew of tobacco in his mouth, prob
ably to give him more courage. This lit
tle act, insignificant as it may seem, no
doubt saved his life, for at that moment,
in the stillness of the night he heard a
voice from behind the fallen tree say,
"Won't we give those Yankees fits in the
morning?" Two of the rebels had con
ceived the same idea as Barrett and were
there before him. The moment was a
critical one, but Barrett's nerve was with
him and he quietly retraced his steps and
breathed a sigh of relief when he was
safe on his own ground once more.
As soon as dawn appeared two "John
nies" were sent to the great beyond by
the bullets of fifty rifles simultaneously
leveled at them by the same number of
Yankee sharpshooters, many of whom are
alive to-day simply because Barrett
chewed tobacco on that eventful night.
Ty Mulkey of Napa Is at the Grand
and is making arrangements to go to
Alaska to inquire into the mining future
of mat country-
George P. Flat, a wealthy hat manu
facturer of New York, James S. Phillips,
U. 8. N., of Mare Island, and F. H. Har
ris of Newark, N. J., are at the Palace.
Mrs George W. Gardiner and Mrs. John
C Hutchins of Cleveland, Ohio, and Mrs.
Edward B. Mason of Brunswick, Maine,
a party of tourists, are at the Baldwin.
Colonel J. R. Howell, Horatio S. Man
ning, J. O. Reis and S. B. Carleton have
gone' East, the last named on a business
trip, the others to attend the session of
the Grand Lodge of Elks.
0 R- Clow, a well and favoral-iy
known merchant of Chicago, and F. W.
Braiiard. superintendent of the time ser
vice Western Union Telegraph service,
after a visit of several days here have
returned to Chicago.
B. L. Bartlett, the Los Gatos capitalist.
Is at the Lick. He has come to this city
to be treated for his eyesight and hear
ing, both of which have been sadly fail
ing' for some time past. He is accompa
nied by his nephew, Starr Lee.
THE WOMAN'S AUXILIARY.
Editor of the San Francisco Call: Nei
ther sleeping nor dead is the Woman's
Corps Auxiliary to the Grand Army of the
Republic. Quiet we have been, in that
way preferring to make practical demon
stration that it's work, not words, that
tells. As we have worked for the poor,
the maimed soldiers of our last civil war
and their families, even at this late date
having more calls upon our charity than
ever (as they are all more advanced in
years); as we have tended to their tem
poral comforts and have given our sym
pathy in their spiritual needs, so stand we
all now, thousands of patriotic women
auxiliary to the G. A. R., ready to do all
In our power for Old Glory and its de
fenders "on land or sea, by sea or shore"
—command and we obey. We, the moth
ers; do you think? We, who gave of our
bodies to your life; we. who nursed you in
childhood; we, who noted the first growth
of your soul; we, who stand ready in sick
neaa or in health; we, who take you for
better or for worse; we, who smooth your
pillow in babyhood, who worship and love
you in manhood; we, who minister to you
In failing health, until at last parted by
death still strew flowers upon your grave.
Dd you think? Now again, in this coming
struggle, we are not with you in word
and deed? Think! Is it possible that we,
who for tweny-flve years have been faith
ful, even in little things, that now we for
sake you— never! "Ask and ye shall re
ceive." Christ, our Lord, commands, aye!
"and it shall be given you." Do not fail
when noting the grand offers of limb and
life, given by our sons, brothers, hus
bands, fathers to remember the sacrifices,
the grand reserve force, the soothing un
der current, the great motive power, that
wonderful element, that grand, Btrong
force for good, the mother love "deep,
deep as the sea and as white as its
foam." Many know it to be, and some
are still "entertaining angels unawares."
Be that as it may, our record in the past
as auxiliary to the G. A. R. proves the
statement correct that when the hour
strikes and honor calls we are ready to
respond for the glory of Old Glory, for
the comfort of our fellowman, and with
full asurance that our cause is just, and
that "truth is mighty and must prevail."
Yours in F. C. L., ALMA E. KEITH,
Member of Llnco'n Woman's Relief Corps
No. 3.
ALMA E. KEITH.
GOD BLESS THE YANKEE TAR.
Oh! see our Yankee sailor, with Havana on his
knee !
He Is nursing little Cuba and soon will make
her free ;
He has heard her cry for Freedom, as It rolled
across the sea.
For peace upon her shores.
He has heard the clank of fetters, locked by
cruel parent Spain,
Upon the souls of little ones, who wrlth* In
mortal pain;
Who, famished, gaunt, with bloodless lips,
mark the wake of Weyler's train,
As he marched across the sea.
He has heard the groans of weary men, op
pressed, faint and sore.
Who have labored on without reward to fill
the tyrant's store.
While Spain looked on with haughty mien, de
manding more and more,
80 great her lust for greed.
He has heard the praters of women as they
cried to God for bread,
For the babes they to their bosoms pressed,
tho' long since cold and dead;
He has heard their death cry bitter, as the
coward's bullets sped.
Even women to destroy.
He has girded on his armor and has sailed
across the sea.
While before his mighty Ironclad proud Span
ish vessels flee;
"Cuba Libre" is hla watchword and his cannon
thunder "Free
Are you from Spanish rule."
Soon he'll land and "Old Glory's" stripes will
float o'er Cuban shore.
And its white stars shine more brightly than
they ever phone before.
And our noble bird of Freedom shriek aa the
scene it hovers o'er.
God bless the Yankee tar!
Wflß NEWS BY WIRE.
The San Francisco Call has done this
community a valuable service since war
became certain with Spain by furnishing
news bulletins every day. Aside from
giving the news, the bulletins serve to
keep a whole lot of people busy watch
ing for the next ones.— Pomona Times.
Through the generosity and enterprise
of the San Francisco Call the people
throughout the country are supplied with
war bulletins free of cost. To fully real
ize the enormous cost of these bulletins,
It is only necessary to say that the ex
pense for the line from Reno to Alturas
alone amounts to floO per month. Nothing
which The Call could do would be so
highly appreciated by the people gene
rally as these gratuitous news bulletins,
and that paper is deserving the thanks
and gratitude of our people.— Alturas
Plain Dealer.
We must again refer to the war bulle
tins sent here with such rare manifesta
tions of enterprise by the San Francisco
Call. They have kept the city well in
formed as to the progress of affairs at the
front, and while one or two have turned
out to be unfounded, still this was not
the fault of the newspaper. It would
seem that in the mass of news from the
front an occasional unfounded report
must creep in. The Call must be given
credit for its enterprise, and we are free
to say that much of the war news now
engaging the attention of the American
people has come to us through its bulle
tins On some days the bulletins have
reached as high as fifty. The Call more
over is printing the best account of the
happenings at the front, as witness its
publication of the bombardment of Ma
tanzas ahead of the other San Francisco
morning papers. Its enterprise is greatly
appreciated by our people.— Anaheim
Gazette. _
FACTS ABOUT PORTO RICO.
It may be that the heavy fighters of
Admiral Sampson's North Atlantic squad
ron are now plowing their way full
steamed to Porto Rico, about 1100 miles
from Key West, which they left Wednes
day morning. And, in that event. It
may be that, before the end of the week,
news will come of the fall of San Juan,
the capital of the island, and of the total
submission of Spain's easternmost pos
session In America.
Porto Rico is the fourth in size of the
Antilles. It lies southeast of Cuba and
is separated from the Island of San Do
mingo by a strait sixty-two miles wide.
The island forms an irregular parallelo
gram 108 miles long and about thlrty-
Beven miles wide, having an area of 3550
square miles.
From east to west it is traversed by a
range of hills. The highest district is in
the Sierra de Loguillo, near the south
east coast, where the peak of El Yunque
rises more than 3600 feet. The island Is
watered by about 1300 streams, of which
nearly flftv are considerable rivers. The
hills are pretty generally covered with
forests.
The island was declared a province of
Spain in 1870 and is divided into seven
departments or districts. The principal
cities are San Juan de Porto Rico, the
capital, with a population of about 24,
000; Ponce, the principal seaport town,
population 37.515: San German, popula
tion 31,000; Miiyaguez. population 12,000;
Arecivo, population 11,000, and Guayama,
population 5500. The seaports are: San
Juan, Ponce, Mayaguez, Naguabo, Faj
ardn, Aqutdilla and Viequez. The total
population of the island is about 830.000,
of which more than 300,000 are negroes,
only a few Asiatics being among the peo
ple. The majority of the inhabitants are
Roman Catholics, but other religions are
tolerated. The Gibaros, or small land
holders, and day laborers of the coun
try districts, are a curious old Spanish
stock, largely modified by Indian blood.
The harbor is one of the best In the
West Indies, having a comparatively
unobstructed entrance. Along the
wharves the water has a depth of 10 to
13 feet at low tide, and HVa to 14% feet at
high 'tide. Mayaguez, on the west coast,
is also situated several miles inland, and
is separated from its port by a river.
The island is governed by laws re
sembling those of the mother country.
It is under the command of a Governor
Captain General, appointed by tKe crown,
and assisted by a junta of military of
ficers. The Captain General is v.he Presi
dent of the Royal Audiencia or Assembly
of the island. There are the usual Pro
vincial Assembly, Court of Claims. In
tendency, one Chief Engineer of Public
Works, one Chief Engineer of Mines and
minor functionaries. The island elects
three Senators and fifteen Deputies to the
Spanish Cortes and twenty-seven Provin
cial Deputies.
The chief city of th<? Island, although
not the largest, Is San Juan, on the north
coast, with 25,000 inhabitants. It Is built
on an island connected with the main by
a bridge and causeway, and a magnificent
highway connects with the city of Ponce
on the southern coast. San Juan Is one
of the most co act of cities, built on a
peninsula term mted by a great fortress
and Inclosed within high walls. Kntrance
is only to be obtained through well-guard
ed gateways, from the lower batteries
and the mole, while sentinels stand vigi
lant on every parapet. It is only by
stealth that photographs can be taken or
these grim erray walls, the Spanish otn
cials seeming to think that they are as
effective for defense as in the days they
were first, built, two or three hundred
years ago.
The port, according to an American
who has recently left that place, is in a
fair condition of defense, and will be able
to hold its own for some time against our
fleet. The town was originally protected
by a wall of stone, which completely en
circled it. This has to some extent dis
appeared, but is still good on the side
next the sea. The wall is of stone, thirty
feet thick at the base and some twenty
at the top, and is about forty feet nign.
It is considered invulnerable except from
the heaviest guns. The Spaniards na\9
recently erected some fifteen or sixteen
ten-inch guns in modern batteries, ana
have also planted the harbor with mines
and torpedoes.  . iV) .
The fleet could not conceal itself in the
harbor, however, for, although our ships
might not be able to reduce the batteries,
they could, nevertheless, sink the tor
pedo-boats lying at anchor at long range
San Juan is a sickly city in the summer
season, as it expects, and invariaoiy re
ceives, a visit from Yellow Jack, wno
takes his victims mainly from the un
acclimated classes. The houses of the
city, too, are crowded together after the
manner of those in the older P°/ tlo , n °*
Havana, while the narrow and finny
streets are reeking reservoirs of corrup
tion and disease. Notwithstanding this,
however, there is a fine residential class
here composed of native and Spanisn
stock, and if the stranger brings good
letters of introduction he will be. 110 , 9 ?"'
ably received. That Is, according to
Spanish ideas of hospitality, which b> no
means approach the English standards,
and consist of an invitation to a care
(one Invitation), and, perhaps, as a great
favor, another to the cock pit.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
CIVIL SERVICE COMMISSION-^!. W.
U., Uklah, Cal. For Information about
the Indian civil service address John T
Doyle, Secretary of the United States
Civil Service Commission of the United
States. 2104 Wyoming avenue, Washing
ton, D. C.
RELIGION— J. G. J.. Oakland, Cal. As
there is no record kept of the religion of
the officers and employes of the city and
county of San Francisco, "from the
Mayor down to the street sweeper," the
question as to how many belong to one
religion and how many to another can
not be answered.
NAVY YARD— W. 8., West Berkeley,
Cal. It 1b Impossible to state what
chances there are at this time for an
apprentice at Mare Island. The party
desiring to become an apprentice should
file an application with the head of the
department in which he wjuld like to
serve.
A PRIV- E MATTER— A. M... City.
The question asked about a person being
a partner in a certain private business
is one that does not come within the line
of answers to correspondents. It is a pri
vate matter and not one of general inter
est. You can ascertain for yourself by
examining the records of partnership at
the City Hall.
MARRIAGE AT SEA— S. F. S.. City.
There Is no law that authorizes a mar
riage at sea, and If a man who has ob
tained a divorce in California goes out on
a tugboat outside of the Jurisdl*;tlonal
limit of the State, and "marries" a
woman within a year after the divorce
has been granted, both he and the
woman wi.i discover that they are not
married. Such a method to beat the law
will not place either party In a favorable
light. If the man wants to marry again
he must wai^the full year.
THE VIRGINIUS AFFAIR— H. W. H..
City. The Virginlus, a merchant vessel,
was captured on the high seas near Ja
maica by the Spanish man-of-war Tor
ando, October 31, 1873, on the ground that
.. intended landing men to assist in tne
Cuban insurrection then in progress.
Four Cubans, found among the passen
gers, and Captain Pry. the master, were
executed, as well as a number of others.
Accounts of this affa~r will be found in
the daily papers of the early part of No
vember of that year and in subsequent
issues.
RELIGIOUS DENOMINATIONS— C. F.
J., City. What are called religious sta
tistics of the world are only estimates.
According to the estimates of Fournier
de Faix, who has devoted much time to
this subject, the Christian religion of the
world Is divided as follows: Catholic
church, 230.8G6.533; Protestant churches,
143,237,625; Orthodox Greek churches, 98,
016.000; Church of Abyssinia, 3,000,000;
Coptic church, 120,000; Armenian church,
1,690,000; Nestorians, 80,000; Jacobites, 70,
000.
The other religions are given as fol
lows: Worship of Ancestors and Confu
cianism, 256.000.000; Hindooism, 190,000,000;
Mohammedanism, 176.834.372; Buddhism.
147 900 000; Taoism, 43,000.000; Shintoism,
14,000,000; Judaism, 7,056,000; Polytheism,
117,681,669.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per Fb at Townaend'a.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1u42. •
The Drumont cry of "France for
Frenchmen," scarcely applies, says the
Paris correspondent of the London
Chronicle, to Algeria, which the chief of
Jew-haters is now stumping. As a mat
ter of fact, excluding soldiers, there are
only 4000 Frenchmen In the city of Al
giers, which contains about 90,000 inhabi
tants. The statistics show 20,000 Span
iards and 15,000 Maltese — who are nat
urally British subjects. Arabs and Moors
make a total of 20.000. The Italian popu
lation is 10.000, whilst English, Belgians.
Germans and Swiss reach 9000. The hated
Jews, who are naturalized, figure at 6000.
Of the 4000 born and bred Frenchmen
2000 are functionaries.
Excursion to the Yellowstone Park.
A personally conducted excursion will leave
this city July 12 for the Yellowstone Park, via
the "Shasta Route" and Northern Pacific Rail
way. Tourists will be accommodated in first
class Pullman cars, and tickets will be sold,
including berths, meals and trip through the
Park. Send for circular giving rate and
itinerary to T. K. STATEL.ER, General Agent
Northern Pacific Eailway. 63S Market street,
San Francisco.
NO SAFER OK MORE EFFICACIOUS REMIDT can
be had for Congrhs, or any trouble of the throat
than Bronchial Tnvhcs."
No well regulated household should t>e with
out Dr. T. G. B. Siege bt A Sons' Axgostuba
Bitters. Unequalled w an .ippetizlng tonic.
A QUICK FIGHT TO A FINIS-n.
We must win and the sooner the better.
War is dreadful, but the United States 13
in it now, and there is only one thing to
do and that is to go through it and finish
up' the business as quickly and thoroughly
as possible. Spain is the open enemy of
this country, and there is just one way
to treat a state of war— that is to carry
it through to a state of peace.— Hartford
Courant.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Royal is the highest grade baking powder
known. Actual tests show it goes one-
third farther than any other braid.
POWDER
Absolutely Pure
aOVAL BAKIWQ POWDER 00., NEW YMK.CONCENTRATING TROOPS FOR MANILA
Sixth Regiment
at Presidio.
Heavy Artillery Volunteers
Now at Fort
Mason.
iUaoUil.
THE State Volunteer troops at the
Presidio "were augmented yesterday
by the arrival ■of . two battalions of
the Sixth Infantry under the com
mand of Colonel Johnson- It was
8 o'clock when the battalions marched
Into the Presidio. They are eight com
panies strong, from the San Joaquin Val
ley, and are a magnificent body of physi
cal men.
The Sixth went into camp just beyond
the Seventh. They soon had their tents
up. -~ntrie3 were thrown out and In a
short w_ M camp life was established and
everything got into military . shape.
Some of the companies are short the re
quired number of men, but Colonel John
son anticipates no trouble In recruiting
the necessary number to make up his
complement.
Two pickpockets were arrested just
south of Colonel Smith's quarters jibout
3 o'clock In the afternoon and brought
before him. They gave the names of
James Elliott and Frank Smith, although
the latter admitted that the name he
gave was not his real one. They were de
tected by George Mero and Edward
Marks jwhile Elliott was In the act of at
tempting to pick a woman's pocket. Both
were arrested. Colonel Smith, after hear
ing their statement, sent them to the
guard house and notified Colonel Morris
of their arrest and confinement. They
will be turned over to the civil author
ities They are doubtless members of
the same gang of thieves that has been
operating in the camp. -, !„„„!
The Hale Brothers, through Colonel
Duboce, have tendered to the First Reg
iment a very handsome post and storm
Hag Both are of the army regulation
Biz!. In addition to this they have
signified to Colonel Duboee that the>
wish to uniform the band at their ex
pense as a token of their desire to give to
?he regiment some lasting remembrance
of the firm's love and loyalty. The fol
lowing letter accompanied the firms
handsome gift.
SAX FRANCISCO. May li 1»3.
Victor D. Duboee, Lieutenant-Colonel First
tilts for rtmmental " beadquarterfc K.n«y
rresent our compliments to Colonel Smith and
the members o£ the First Regiment and re
uu.-st them to accept these tokens with our
I- -l wishes tor their success and glory on the
fj You« reunited country, waging war tor
justice and freedom ot : jfgsi ssr
Sincerely. HALE ( & R g. T g?£f g§
The following list gives the number of
mShanfcl? anfsans a S nd Professional men
who compose the rank and file °£_™£
Flrst Regiment, and shows that tneirresi
dint's call for" defenders of the stars^and
stripes has met with a response from
men of all grades and businesses. The
lilt was compiled in the adjutant's of
l cc and will prove most useful to Colonel
Bmlth as a reference. Only the totals are
liven here, but the list shows the num
ber in each company of the regiment. At
torneys 4; artists, 2; architects, 1, box
layers 2; bakers. 6; bookkeepers bar
bers 5; book trimmers, 2; butchers, la;
blacksmiths 15; bricklayers, 2; boiler
makers, 1; boat builders, 3; brass finish
ers 2- boxmakers, 3; chemists, 7; clerks.
177; compositors, 2; carpenters, 30; cooks,
4- canmakers, "1; cement workers, 1;
coopers. 2; dentists, 3; draughtsmen, 4;
dyers. {; electrotypers, 1; engravers, 2;
electricians, 20; firemen. S; gas inspectors,
1- glass bevelers, 2; gunsmiths. 1; hatters.
2 : housesmiths, 1; jewelers. 2; horseshoers.
2- drillers. 1;- engineers, 2; lumbermen, 3;
linguists, 3; lithographers, 4; linemen, 2;
machinists. 26; molders, 8; millhands, 5;
miners, 10; mining engineers, 3; photo
graphers. 1; plumbers, 14; painters, 24;
piano makers, 1; pressmen, 3; pattern
makers, 3; printers, 19; packers, 2; sil
versmiths, 1; stair builders, 1; stereo
typers. 3; stenographers, 4; ship carpen
ters 1; ship joiners, 1; ship titters, 2;
shoemakers, 11; spring makers, 2; sad
dlers, 1; shirt cutters, 1; tailors, 8; teams
ters. 40; telegraphers, 5; tinsmiths, 6;
typewriters, 1; undertakers, 1; veterinary
surgeons, 1; watchmakers, 2; waiters, 11;
steam fitters, 2.
All able-bodied men, who are anxious
to enlist can find the opportunity of do-
Ing so In the Fourteenth Infantry. One
battalion of this regiment is now en
camped at the Presidio under the com
mand of Major Robe. Lieutenant Hunt is
the recruiting officer of the regiment and
will furnish the necessary information to
all applicants. Major Robe said yester
day that he was anxious to recruit two
new companies immediately; ■ and also to
fill up the skeleton companies as soon. as
possible. There is plenty of room for all
who want to enlist, provided, of course,
that they can pass the required physical
examination.' T,if>utenant Hunt can be
found at the headquarters of the Four
teenth's camp.
The Quartermaster's Department, under
the control of Lieutenant Neall, U. S. A.,
Is now In excellent working shape as far
as daily supplies for the men are con
cerned. .W hen Lieutenant Neall was
chosen acting chief quartermaster a
most wise appointment was made, for a
more able and efficient officer does not
bear arms in the United .States service
than he. The lieutenant is of the opinion
that all necessary ammunition for the
troops that are going to Manila will be
here In a few days. As fast as requisi
tions are made upon him by the colonels
of the First and Seventh they are lm-.
SUPERVISORS
AS TAXPAYERS
The Proposed Zoo Appropria
tion Does Not Financially
Concern Them.
San Francisco's Shifty Nine Without
Much Assessed Valua
tion.
An examination of the Assessor's books
for this city will convince the majority
of tax payers that when the present
Board of Supervisors undertook to pur
chase a tract of land out In Whirlwind
Gulch as a monkey ranch. at three times
its assessed value, they as representative
tax . payers were 'ready- and *■ willing to
bear their share of the burden of paying
for the same. . , • ■ . ,-
Here is a list of the honorable gentle
men's worldly holdings upon which they
pay, or do; not pay, taxes: ;
• LAURENCE DEVANY- No realty; personal
property at 512 . Stanyan' street; assessed to
t)evany, Hopkins & Co.; $1450. ■ (The personal,
property here mentioned consists of a■> lot of
bicycles held on commission from an "Eastern
Him.) - ■
THOMAS H. HASKINS— No realty; no per
sonal property. ;  • ' ,--■-,.:'
CAPTAIN ■P.■ M. DELANY— No " realty; -no
personal property .
JOHN H. BHBEHAN— No realty; personal
property at S2O ; Broadway and upstairs In a
tailor shop at Market and Ellis -streets; $510;
tuxes, $12 4S. :■■ -v ,-.•■, . .-..,. ■ .-.,: .-.-..-
WASHINGTON! DODGE— Realty, lot on the
north side of Green street, 34x137;. assessed at
Il'm>; mortgaged to the San Francisco Savings
Union for $1020. the bank paying all the taxes;
no personal •• property. ' .. ■ . :.-■■■
JOHN LACKM ANN— Realty,, lot at Califor
nia street and Prospect . place, 20x57; assessed
at $1670: no mortgage; taxes, $2S 32.Sfttfe«j6g6afe
i-ili. T. A.ROTTANZI— No realty; dru« store
mediately furnished with the desired sup
plies. In a week the men will be en
tirely outfitted with all necessary cloth
ing and camp equipments that is, just as
soon as it has been ascertained just what
are their needs. One very important fact
that will be brought out by the requisi
tions upon the Government Is that it will
show Just the condition the National
Guard is in in regard to equipments.
This will have the effect of calling the
btate authorities" attention to the condi
tion of those troops still remaining in the
guard.
THE "HEAVIES"
NOW AT WORK.
They Have Taken Pos-
session of the Old
Woolen Mill.
The battalion of heavy artillery which
haa been quartered at the old First Reg
iment armory ever since the battery rolls
were opened there for volunteers, was
astir bright and early yesterday morn
| Ing, for the order had come to proceed to
I the new quarters at Fort Mason, where
i the battalion will remain until the Gov
ernment can equip it properly.
The men had nearly all been provided
with blankets, and these slung over the
i shoulder in military fashion, besides the
j few uniforms brought along with the
i men of the Sacramento cavalry troop
i when they took service as heavy artll
j tery, were the only claims to military dis
tinction which the battalion could boast.
It was 10 o'clock before the batteries
i were started, but the men soon dropped
I into step and marched steadily up Van
! Ness avenue, winning cheers ot encour
agement as they went along. They were
j all assigned to places in the Fontana
i warehouse before the call for dinner
I came, and before the afternoon had gone
\ the men had had their first drill and had
! all been "sized" by their battery cvbm
i manders, and the temporary non-commis
sioned officers had been chosen.
The building in which the troops are
quartered is the old woolen mill, which
■ lately has been used as a warehouse for
| Fontana, the commission merchant. It is
i large, clean, airy and well lighted, and
| there is am&le room for the 600 men who
make up the batteries. Three floors"
have been given over to the bat
teries, and the business of the
warehouse has all been confined to
the lower floor. On the second floor are
Captain Denis Geary and his battery, A;
also Captain John Cooke and Battery C.
On the third floor are Captain Theodore
Hay and Battery B, and Captain Henry
Steere and Battery D. On the fourth
floor are the cooking outfits and the mess
tables. The adjutant. Captain John Kos
ter, has a room by the entrance, and just
across the hall is a room for Major Rice,
commander of the battalion.
The men are still being fed by a caterer,
but it is expected that as soon as the or
ganization gets into shape the caterer will
be let go and battery cooks will be de
tailed from the ranks and the men will
have a taste of field cooking.
The quarters have been given over to
the battalion rent free, and in addition
Mr. Fontana has notified Major Rice that
he can have any loose wood lying around
for cooking and camp fire purposes, and
CALIFORNIA PROUD OF HIM
the university.
Young Bull is as fine a type of the native Californian as has ever been
turned out by this State, and is a very fine type of the American gentle
ma The depth of his patriotism may be measured by the fact that he has re
amed the prospects of his high promise at the university, both intellectually
.„, athletically in order to enlist in Colonel Roosevelt's regiment of "rough
Elders," and this in spite of the fact that a commission as officer of volun
t^prs was at his disposal.
Th« voune hero is now with his regiment at San Antonio, and expects to
r->r»lve an early call to the front. It Is supposed that Roosevelt's cowboys
will he one of the first regiments dispatched to Cuba, and California may
„' "ssured that this young scion will "most nobly do his duty."
Mr Hull was the most popular man in his college, and in his set his pres
ent *oct of patriotic self-abnegation cannot but add to his reputation.
California sends her greeting to her gallant native son.
if the three floors already-occupied are
not enough to properly accommodate the
men he can have more room whenever he
needs it He also said that while the
baua B lio l n is there with the intention of
staving only a week, still if it is nects
«ary to stay longer it can remain on the j
lime terms* as long as the Government j
has^no quarters ready for it. Major Rice |
is much pleased with the eottrtesy which j
has been shown him and his command..
It '- not known just yet what particular
service the Government has In view for
the battalion of "heavies." They have
not been uniformed nor equipped, and un
til this is done they can not be put to any
service. Last Sunday requisitions for
everything the men will need were sent in
to headquarters, and when those requi
sitions are filled out the men will be in a
position to take their place on the harbor
batteries. In the meantime they will ibe
at 301 Third street; assessed at $1194; taxes. $17.
THOMAS MORTON- Realty, lot on Castro
street, . 26x114. assessed at $M 0; lot on York and
Twenty-fourth streets. 25x104, assessed at $3080;
lot on York and Twenty-fifth streets, . 25x104,
assessed at $890; lot on Post and Baker streets,
25x137, assessed nt $2820; is the holder of a
mortgage on a piece of property at Folsom and
Fifteenth streets for $805. (Since . last year
assessment was ; made Morton : purchased :' a
! fifty- vara lot on the corner of Geary and Leav
1 enworth streets for $35,000.). ' , ;.
JAMES B. URITT— realty; personal prop
erty at 466 Bryant street; - assessed . for- $S00;
taxed at $13 56. ■ : - .
EI>WARD .1. SMITH— No realty; no personal
property. (An Edward J. Smith owns a piece
of real estate , on Silver street, near. Second,
which is apsessed for $000, but carries a mort
gage for $1000, but It Is said that this .does not
belong ■■ to the • Supervisor, but to another . Ed
ward J. Smith.) •
: DR. CHARLES A. CLINTON— Lots on Lib
erty and Noe streets, assessed for $580; Harri
son and Twentieth, assessed for $SSO; Howard
and Twenty-aighth. assess* d for $7530; Sutter /
and Hyde, - assessed for ■ $14,910. • (This lot . car
ries a mortgage for $10,000.) :
THOMAS W. RIVERS— Realty, lot on Twen
tieth and • Vermont streets, ' assessed f or • $2150,
mortgaged ' for $1460; -a few lots on the Potrero,
aggregating on ' the assessed valuation -$2200,
with no ■ mortgages. . : . , .
■ . ■ ;—; — .—. — ♦ ■ _ ■ ;: .-- .7 ,:,./
Ladies' tailor-made p'lits: : latest 'designs; . w©
give credit. M. Rothschild. 211 Sutler, r., 6 & 7.
.. — ■ » « : ■ ';<■.:'. ' . "".. '■:
Sudden Death of an Old Soldier.
Joseph Grant was found dead in a
cabin on a deserted hog ranch at the in
tersection of Thirty-first and Railroad
avenues yesterday. The deceased was
about GO years old. and was said to have
been a soldier of the civil war. He had
no relatives here so far as known. An in
quest will be held.
A Dead Pauper.
An unknown old man who had for some
weeks past been sleeping under the scrub
oaks and under the bushes near the Inter
section of Central avenue and Grove
sfoet was found dead yesterday fore
noon. ' He was lying on a gunny sack,
with another sack over him for a blanket.
Death was due to natural causes. The
body is at the Morgue for identification.
Try the "Koh-I-Noor" lead pencil, and
you will liave no further use lor others, •
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 12, 1898.
LIEUTENANT-COLONEL W. R. JOHNSON.
The Commander of the Two Volunteer Battalions From the Sixth
Infantry.
! thoroughly drilled in all the company and
squad movements and in the setting up
drills. Every day between 1 and 2 o'clock
• a school for officers will be held, and
every evening between 7 and 8 o'clock
' there will be a school for the non-com
missioned officers; attendance at these
schools will be made compulsory for both
i officers and non-commissioned officers. A
guard has already been established, but
: as the men are not drilled there is no
guard mount; there will be within a few
! days for the officers think they can get
! their men in pretty good shape within a
i week.
WORKING ON
THE WISCONSIN.
Pride in the Fact That the
Olympia Was Built
Here.
The Presidio is not the only place about
San Francisco In which war preparations
_ -~ _. _. - . *■- **. A rfX *X *X *X o\. I*V ?\ *\ f\S\
Charles Caldwell Bull, the son of Mrs. Alpheus
Bull of Radcliffe Hall, Belmont, and the lineal
descendant of the Rev. Charles Caldwell of revo
lutionary' fame, has already given evidence of
the stanch old American blood that flows in his
veins.
Although barely in his twenty-first year, ho is
a member of the senior class at Harvard Uni
versity, and is, Indeed, one of its two youngest
members. His standing in the class is such that it
was a foregone conclusion that he would this
year have passed with the highest honors. But
the field of mental attainment was not that in
which he has achieved celebrity, high as he stands
and precocious as is his mental maturity.
Charles Bull is known from the Atlantic to
the Pacific as the youngest member of the Har
vard Varsity crew, of which he is No. 2.
In the Varsity football team he plays full
back, and It is asserted by his fellow students
that he is one of the six bestall-round athletes in
are carried into effect. Renewed energy
has made itself felt in and about the
Union Iron Works at the Potrero. Ail
the shipbuilders, mechanics and laborers
that can find standing room in which to
work are rushing the completion of Un
cle Sam's newest naval baby, the Wis
consin. The work so far as it can be ad
vanced oh this vessel is up to time, and
unless Congress pushes tho contract with
the Eastern shope for the supply of the
steel armor plates Intended for the ves
sel work must stop before long, as the
frame and the other structures upon
which the armor plates are to be laid will
all be In place. So far there has been no
Information received at the office of the
Scotts regarding thelettingof thecontract
by the Government or the time of the,
delivery of the plates in this city.
Workmen are busy on the Wisconsin,
GROCERS REVEL
WITH TRAVELERS
Successful Combination Outing
of Hustlers at Schuetzen
Park.
Good Humor and. Joy Reigned Su
preme — Contests in Games und
Gate Prizes.
Old Sol never smiled down from hi 3
perch in the blue dome above with mor«
satisfaction than he did on the great
"combination" picnic of the California
Commercial Travelers' Association and
the Retail Grocers' Association at Schuet
zen Park yesterday.
All the boats coming to Tlburon In the
morning were crowded with cosmopolitan
throngs. An original feature was the sale
on the boats and trains of the popular
Con Grau's photograph. The money rea
lized (s■£) will be donated to the Red
Cross relief fund. Grau, Joe Mayes and
Charles McLane were resplendent in
white flannel suits — a genuine angelic trio.
Shooting, bowling, guessing contests,
dancing and other features took up a good
part of both the morning and afternoon.
Louis Berger, the great "Poohbah" of the
drummers, acted as mascot for Harry
Roeßsier, who won the heavy-weight race
for the eighth consecutive year.
The following was the result of the
games in detail:
Boys' race, 9to 12 years— C. Davis, first;
E. Bears, second.
Boys' race, 12 to 15 years— E. Lee, first;
W. Krelling, second.
Girls" race, 9 to 12 years— Katie Smith,
first; Liliie Berger, second.
and each man takes more than ordinary
pains to make a good job of his portion
of the ship's structure since the news of
Admiral Dewey's great victory in Manila
with his flagship, the Olympia, which was
built by the Scotts.
This pride of construction and the glory
attending one of San Francisco's ships
is the highest feather in Irving M. Scott's
cap. He is very proud of the fact that it
was in the vessel built at the Union Iron
Works that Admiral Dewey convinced the
world that the United States has a navy
of which it may be justly proud, and also
that San Francisco's mechanics contri
buted their share in constructing a por
tion of this navy.
GERMANS IN LINE.
San Francisco Schuetzen
Verein Rifles to Offer
Their Services.
The San Francisco Schuetzen Verein
will hold an important meeting at Califor
| nia Hall, 620 Bush street, on Friday even-
I ing next. This organization has 175 uni
i formed men, armed with the best and
i latest improved rifles. It is the sense of
i the body, it is said, that they offer them
i selves to the Governor for active service
as a home guard. The question is to be
decided by a resolution, which" is expected
to pass at this meeting. This is the oldest
Germanmilitary organization on the coast.
When Lincoln was assassinated the mem
bers took up their arms and went on duty
in the streets of this city to assist in pre
serving order and preventing bloodshed.
When it was decided that no foreign flags
should be carried in procession, by order
of the Governor, the San Francisco
I vereins dropped their beloved German
' flag for the stars and stripes, and a Cali-
I fornia flag, to which their allegiance was
i pledged. Hence they claim to be as loyal
i to Uncle Siim as any troops in America.
As the organization is composed of men
whose heads are crowned with locks of
I gray, they would not be accepted as vol
| unteers in the regular service. Realizing
' this, they hope to take the place of the
younger men who have enlisted under the
1 call for troops from this State. Though
•■ old in years, they still feel able to defend
i the homes of those brave men who have
departed for more active fields.
The company Is composed of some of the
wealthiest and most influential Germans
: in the city, and they are all dead shots.
' Their captain is John F. Bolts, who has
i been elected to the position for the
; eleventh time. He is heart and soul in
i the movement.
\Var Incidents.
At a meeting of the board of directors
of the Manhattan Athletic Association
the following resolution was adopted:
Whereas, Some of our fellow-members
have been called to serve their country
in her present war with Spain, it is
hereby resolved that we, the directors of
the -aid club, do hereby extend our
uraiees to our comrades and during their
Ataumce remit their clues. Upon their re
turn wt will extend to them all the kind
ness that is in our power, and, further,
that this resolution be spread upon the
minutes and a copy be sent to the press
The California Command. -ry ot the
Loyal Legion will give a reception at the
Presidio Club next Saturday afternoon oe
tween the hours of 1:30 and 4:30 to the
volunteer officers and the officers of the
Fourteen United States Infantry en
camped on the reservation. There will be
music and refreshments. The Companions
of the Loyal Legion conduct the function,
using the Presidio Club rooms through the
courtesy of the officers of the garrison,
as it would be inconvenient for those to
whom the reception is tendered to come
to the Occidental Hntel.
Captain F. de L. Carrington, mustering
officer of the California United Spates
Volunteers, has finished his work in the
field and established headquarters at the
California Hotel. The mustering in of
fifty men to-day will complete the full
quota called for from this State.
Girls' race, 12 to 15 years— Maggie Moore,
first: Lillie Brown, second.
Young ladies' race— Gertie Bang, first;
Lillie Kyan, second.
Young men's race — W. Kennedy, first;
H. McNulty, second.
Married ladies' race— Mrs. Ericsson, first;
Mrs. Millerick, second.
Kace for retail grocers' clerks of San
Francisco— Otto Riechers, first; W. Hol
lers, second.
Fat men's race— H. Roessler, first; A.
Blumenthal, second.
Ladies' egg and spoon race — Mrs. Perry,
first; Mrs. Fiege, second.
Boys' three-legged race— McGlynn and
O'Leary, first; Krelllng and Thompson,
second.
Pie-eating race— George Smith, first;
George Brown, second.
Special race for police officers— H. Lack
mann, first; D. Murphy, second.
In the tug-of-war contest the married
men, captained by James R. T. Mershon.
won out agatnst the single men, captained
by Harry Roessler, owing to the tine
work of Louis Berger, who managed to
slip some sinewy single men into the mar
ried men's team, on the theory that mar
ried men are "no good."
In the target-shooting, Al Lehrke won
the Philo Jacoby gold medal with a score
of 66; J. Elliott won the special prize in
competition shooting with a score of 66;
and Joseph Handman, the youngest
wholesaler in the business in San Fran
cisco, won the prize in the wholesaler's
shoot with the score of 67, the highest
made.
The first prize in the press shoot was
won by Frederick Lightning Perkins, the
second by F. Fischer, the third by W. W.
Naughtoh.
The Death Bate.
While It Is quite true that the proportion of
deaths from malaria ns an immediate cause Is
proportionately small us cited in annual mortu-
ary statistics, yet physicians are thoroughly
convinced, that It cruses maladies of a fatal
character, and begets dangerous nervous pros-
tration. This malady iR eradicated and pre-
vented by Hostetter'a Stomach Bitters, which
also eursa biliousness, constipation, rheumatism
All Supplies Are
Purchased.
Advance Guard of Oregon
Volunteers Leave
Portland,
OFFICIAL and private messages
received in this city yesterday
clearly indicate that the Govern
ment is making great haste to or
ganize the expeditions from San
Francisco to the Philippine Islands. Tel-
egrams announce that volunteer troops
from Colorado, Wyoming, Nebraska and
Kansas, as well as volunteers from
Washington, Idaho, Montana, Oregon,
Nevada and South Dakota have been or
dered to this city. Space will be found
on the Presidio reservation for the en
campment of the Incoming regiments.
Dispatches received at army headquar
ters in the Phelan building yesterday did
not state when General Merriam would
be in San Francisco. It is thought the
general wants to make sure that all the
details for the organization and muster
ing in of the Washington and Oregon vol
unteers will be settled before he leaves
Vancouver to establish permanent head
quarters here. He has detailed two mem
bers of his staff— Lieutenant W. S. Graves
and Lieutenant J. B. Bennett— to assist in
mustering in the volunteers from the two
States mentioned.
The following telegram was received at
army headquarters yesterday:
WASHINGTON, D. C. May 11. IS9S.
Major J. B. Wltcher, Paymaster, U. S. A.,
San Francisco: You are hereby relieved from
duty at San Francisco by the Secretary of
War, who directs as necessary for public serv
ice that you proceed to Portland, Or., and re
port by letter to the commanding officer of
the department of the Columbia for duty as
chief paymaster of that department. By com
mand of MAJOH-GENKRAX. MIL.ES.
SCHWAN, Assistant Adjutant-General.
The recruiting station of the Thir<*
United States Artillery on the fourth floor
of the Phelan building is one of the busi
est places in San Francisco. The recruit
ing officer, Lieutenant Delamere Skerrett,
U. S. A., had 100 applicants in line yester
day. Two hundred men have been en
rolled, and the army surgeons have all
they can do to keep up with the recruit
ing officer. The Third Artillery is an ex
cellent regiment, commanded by officers
of superior intelligence. The grade of the
service is high, and when the war is over
the men who are now enlisting may be
mustered out if they desire to leave the
army. To bring the regiment up to the
war standard of 203 men to each battery,
places can be found for 800 recruits.
Lieutenant Boyd of the Fourth United
States Cavalry is doing a fine business in
the recruiting line at his station on the
Presidio. Forty recruits were assigned to
various regiments yesterday by Colonel
Morris, commanding the post.
Captain Long, acting chief quartermas
ter of the department, is actively engaged
in procuring ships to transport troops and
supplies to Manila. The steamships Ohio
and Connemaugh, belonging to the Inter
national Steamship Company of Philadel
phia, were secured yesterday. The Ohio
has cargo space for 2300 tons, and can
carry 1000 troops. The Connemaugh is a
freighter, with a capacity of 2000 tons.
The work of preparation for the expedi
tion is so far advanced that all the food
supplies have been purchased and ware
housed. Nothing remains to be done in
this line beyond storing the supplies on
the steamships which may be engaged to
carry the goods to Manila. The Australia
went on the dry dock yesterday noon.
According to a private telegram re
ceived at the Presidio yesterday by Colo
nel A. J. Coffee, the First Battalion of
Oregon Volunteers left Portland last
evening for this city. Colonel Summers,
commanding the Oregon regiment of vol
unteers, announced that eight companies
would leave for this city next Sunday
evening.
EDISON COMPANY BLAMED.
Vote of Censure by a Coroner's Jury
for Leaving a Two Thousand
Volt Wire Uninsulated.
The Edison Electric Light Company
was blamed by a Coroner's Jury yester
day for the. death of Charles Froid, a
lineman employed by the Sunset Tele
phone Company. Froid was making some
repairs to a telephone line on April 22
when the line broke and fell across a wire
Of the Edison company. The latter wire,
; ccording to the testimony of the wit
nesses, was charged with an alternating
current of 2000 volts. Froid received the
full force of the current and died in the
ambulance on the way to the City Receiv
ing Hospital.
Fellow-workmen of the deceased testi
fied that the Edison wire was not Insulat
ed. Ths jury returned a verdict, in which
the following occurred: "That had said
wire been properly covered death might
have been avoided."
ADVEBTISEMENTS. - '
vT l^ Out of the. lo riders who
9 won of the 10 riders who
won the great 100 mila
Relay Race rode
* CLEVELAND
BICYCLES.
W. G. FURMAN, . the winner, who crossed
the tape ■ first, r rode a ; . -.
CLEVELAND.
- F. O. PECK, who ; made the fastest time erf
the' day for 10 : miles, rode a ,
CLEVELAND.
. Experienced Wheelmen who • want : the best
Bicycle for Road , Riding ■or .■ Racing ; select \ th«
CLEVELAND. :y: y
•BS MODELS SELL FOR : '
$50, $65 and $75.
A liberal : allowance made for old Wheels ' la
.exchange.: ;.• ■:■/■'■■<'■■'■.■■:.' ' ■ '■ : ■■■'■■■
LEAVITT & BILL,
• RETAIL AGENTS. : •
303 LARKIN ST., S. F.
20 San Pablo Aye., Oakland.
*■'■"•? WHOLESALE: i
H. A. LOZIER & CO.,
304-308 McAllister St.
i v^ Jb gl l p m yw^ giMa!ri ■ *
OppresslojiSolloca|o|i Neuralgia, cured bj
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES.or POWDER
Part*, J. ESPIC ; New York, E. FOUQERA & CO.";
; _; *oll> n ALUPKUGGISI* ;
ADVERTISEMENTS. ?i
1 MACKAYS
I . GREAT ' ..
I SPECIAL SALE.
3 "■"• THE . SUCCESS , ATTENDING OUR
I . BALE ENCOURAGES US TO CON-
I . riNUE IT INDEFINITELY. M
1 . CARPETS.
I fSLAc* For TAPESTRY— Good wear- ;•.
I"' OT'ving, 20 patterns; to close.. '
1 fiO/r HEAVY TAPESTRY — Close }
J O^wweave, : parlor, •' hall and din- I
\JS . Ing room patterns. ~-\
3 *7*7 r* ' Best Quality and 10 wire
ICC V» TAPESTRY— Borders to match.
: v all manufactures. •_ . ■ : .
1 firi CWZ. LOWELL BODY BRUS-
J «I>l«l/t>SELS.
il <£ 1 OR HIGH PILE . AXMIN-
| FOSTERS. .
jy - '.. Sewed, ; Laid and Lined. ■ ,
& KELIM-SMYRNA RUGS— 18 16.
m 10:6x7:6, $11 25; 9x12, $15 75.
M 100 ' ROLLS HEAVY SEAMLESS
■ CHINA MATTING, 12M,c. ...
■ SPECIAL PRICES ON EVERY-
■ THING. i
£ FURNITURE. >
* »16 85— S-plece ! SOLID OAK CHAM-.
H BER SET; large French-plate mirror.
$3 ENAMELED IRON BED-
. STEAD; brass trimmings ; all sizes.
$I— Full-size WIRE MATTRESS.
$2 50— Full-size WOOL MATTRESS.
% Many. other good things in this de- I
■- partment. " - . .
m DON'T BUY TILL YOU SEE OUR
I STOCK. ' . «. I
1 ALEX. MACKAY & SON,
I 715 Market St.
COKE! COKE! CORE!
p. a. McDonald,
* Wholesale Dealer in
Foreign and California Coke.
■;,_'-. : ■ % '.YARD : :■■•••
300 to 308 Howard Street,
Corner Beale Street. .
OFFICE-813 FOLSOM STREET.
Q VI B it DR. JORDAN'S Great
$SjL Museum of Anatomy
|g|Sai :CSIJiA3KTST.tot.6t!i4 7th f D.y.CaL
fiT I The Larie»tofJUkin<Jlntli«W»rli.*
V^^.\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
S HW{ lk Comultatloo free. Write for B«ok
H I of Marriage.
A ll ' MtllCD mil . -'
AMUSEMENTS.
MASONIC FESTIVAL
—IN AID OF THE—
WIDOWS 1 hi ORPHANS 1 HOME
Mechanics' Pavilion,
MAY 9 to 7VIAY 14.
General Admission 25c.
Season Tickets $1. Children lOc.
Tickets on sale (except children's) at leading
business houses. " -
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
GRAND CHORUS OF 100 : MALE ■ VOICES.
Solo for Cornet. "Schubert's Serenade."
HAVE YOU SEEN THE SOLDIER BOYS
OF THE "GALLANT-SEVENTH,"
' As Caught by the Animatoscope at
THE CHUTES?
."VISIONS OF ART"— The ." Great Ellwood,
the Male Melba, and many , specialties.
10c to All, Including Zoo, , etc.; Children 6c.
Look out for the ELEPHANT TUG-OF-WAR!
theTneisel quartette.
- THREE CONCERTS ONLY.
SHERJVIAN, CLAY HALL,
- MONDAY EVENING. May 16,
WEDNESDAY EVENING, MAY IS,
SATURDAY AFTERNOON. MAY 21. "/• -.
Prices $2 and |1 50.
Sale of seats commences THIS MORNING at j
Sherman. Clay & Co.'s, Sutter and Kearny ets.
DACING! RACING! RACING!
—CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
i Winter Meeting 1597-9S, Beginning TUESDAY,
• • May 3, to May 21 Inclusive. .
';";;"• OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
RACING MONDAY, TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY,
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY. '
RACES START AT 2:15 P. M. SHARP.
. Ferry boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
J2:30, 1:00. 1:30. : 2:00, 2:30 and 3 p. m.," connect-
ing with train stopping ,at ■- the • entrance £to
truck. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell . Mound.
Returning— Trains leave the ■ tracK at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m.. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS Jit.. Prea.
.R. B. MILROY. Secretary. ... V
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS. ;
Open Dally, from 7 a. m. until 11 p. m.
ADMISSION lOc - - - - CHILDREN 5c
Bathing, with admission, 25c: 'children, 20c.
' JH3d 1"I ii r j] I ''niilii Jlfilif rT F r ! FTlF^^f^^^ff^T^
1 "tor hP^'^lr* '1 ''■ ilillli tn" "J^ **
iTrfr jhffit I Swll -im fflt
I{\ AA ' ! H ||| W?/Wjs[^ If '''"7 •* "H
One of the ! New ' York institutions which deserves well of the
public and is receiving the appreciation that "it - merits, is The Home ,
. Bureau ' Delicacies for the Sick, which has had out its sign at 15 ■
West 42d Street for several years. This Bureau does not dispense
medicines," said the > manager recently, "but we do hear frequent
discussions concerning the merits of remedies, and it seems to bo .
conceded that Tabules are a reliable auxiliary to the physician.
Some of our patrons use them to a considerable extent, and physician*
fissure us that the formula is excellent,* <
; ' AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER. :
| Proof Positive! .Actions Speak Louder Than
-- -• - - -- ■ - Words. .-.----.
The Great French; Pantomlmlst, :
PILAR MORI IS
Presenting the Tragic Pantomime.
"lIN OLD JAPAN."
In • conjunction with ; Fritz Scheel's • Orchestra.
EXTRA— Beg. SATURDAY NIGHT.
GRAND TRIPLE BILL.
IN OLD JAPAN (tragedy)
A DRESDEN SHEPHERDESS (comedy) • ,
. and Symphony Concert.
Dally *at 3 : (except : Saturday), "THE PAS-
SION PLAY." Seats 25c. * Coming— YSAYE. ;
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
. THIS WEEK ONLY. . 
The Gloriou3 Naval Drama
"THE ENSIGNS
: Two Great Additional Attractions.
. THE DRUMMER BOY OF SHILOH
AND HIS FLAG PICTURES.
First Appearance on '.he Stage of the Sailor Lad
.. ~ TOM SHARKEY. '
Popular Price 5............... lac, 25c and 600
, Next Monday— "MOTHS." ■ '
COLUMBIA THEATER.
A Delightful Production .
ALL THIS WEEK. MATINEE SATURDAY,
The ■ Eminent Romantic Actor, ; . " .
ROBERT B. mantell;
Accompanied by . a Select Company, ~-
Under the Management of M. W. HANLEY.
Presenting D'Ennery's "
mONBARSi
Next Monday— '.'The Face In the Moonlight."
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
-Walter Moroaco Sole Lessee and Managar.
—FRA NK~LINDON—
In His Superb Dramatized . Version of ■ ■
THE PRISONER OF ALGIERS,
At Every Performance <a- Grand Contest
•. Between - .
Big JIM JEFFRIES
And jack JEFFRIES.
Evening Price 5............ 10c, 25c and 60c
Matinees Saturday and Sunday. . : ..'
The Charming Comedienne. MISS ISABELLE
URQUHART, Supported by WILMER & VIN-
CENT, In the Funniest of Farces IN DUR-
ANCE VILE GRUET, BEERS & GRUET.
Comedy Acrobats; GEORGE H. FIELDING,
Emperor of Comic Jugglers: MLLE. BARTHO.
Transformation Dancer; KERNER'S VISIONS
OF ART, New, Subjects: ■ LIZZIE B. RAY-
MOND, JOHN W. RANSOME. HAVES &
BANDY, BOGART & O'BRIEN. Reserved
Beats 25c; - balcony, 10c ; opera - chairs and box I
seats, 50c. GRAND MATINEE TO-DAY.
RED CROSS FUNDS BENEFIT. Full Or-
pheum ' bill : and a host of contributed ' talent.
Prices 25c and 50c ; ;■ . ■
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krel ing. Proprietor and Manager
EVERY EVENING
The Nautical Farcical Comedy Opera,"
SHIP AHOY I
—UP TO DATE AND AWAY L AHEAD—
Correct Costumes. Great Cast. Superb Scenery.
Grand Naval Bombardment.
New Songs, Dances, Burlesques.
■» Medley of Patriotic Airs.
. NEXT MONDAY
IROQUOIS CLUB NIGHT. <■
Popular Prices ..230 and 60c
No Telephone.
A X /~1 ATA T% PRICES:
ALCAZAR. !£.§&
LAST FOUR NIGHTS.
FAMILY MATINEE SATURDAY.
of the sensational ■ comedy,
:NIOBE!
Monday night ' Bronson Howard's drama, . : '
'■- YOUNG MRS. WINTHROP.
The running mate to YEast Lynne."
Seats by Phone Main 234.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
SUNDAY AFTERNOON, MAY 15. 2:30 P. M.
TESTIMONIAL TO
FRITZ SCHEEL,
San Francisco Symphony Orchestra— 6o
APOLLO CHOR.M, SOCIETY, H. B. PAS-
MORE, Director.
. ' . (150 Voices.)
BEETHOVEN NINTH SYMPHONY.
Prices 75c. $1, SI 50. Seats at Sherman," Clay
& Co.'s music store. . . : ; ' 
NORRIS BROS.'
DOG AND PONY SHOW!
FINEST SHOW ON EARTH FOR LADIES ;
•■*■ ./■ AND CHILDREN.
CENTRAL PARK.
Every Afternoon, 2:30; nights, 8:15.
PRICES— Adults, 25c; children, 15c. .» ...
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT. ,
Now ■ open ' every Sunday during the season.'
Music, Dancing. Bowling, Boating,, Fishing
and other amusements.. ;:>':- ■ -.
- Refreshments at city prices. Fare, round
trip, Met Children.. 15c; Including admission
to grounds. - - ■
■ —THE STEAMER UKIAH—
Will leave Tiburon Ferry at 10:30 a. m., 13:10,
2 and 4 p. m. Returning, : leave El Campo at
11:15 a. m.. 1, 3 and 5 p. m.
/"If V M A. I Corner of M»»on anJ
ULYJYIFIA I Eddy StrMtv r-
WAR! WAR! NEW WAR SCENES!— Mono
Castle; the Maine; divers at work; feeding re- •
concentrados; • Spanish troops and ships, with
a host of thrilling Havana war scenes by the
.Blograph," and a great Olio of specialties. AD-
MISSION FREE.
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
BUMMART.
Silver advanced.
Wheat calming down somewhat
Brewing Barley In demand.
Oats, Corn and Ry» sttady.
Buckwheat easier.
Hay rules firm.
Beans In good tone.
Potatoes firm. New Onions weak.
Butter quoted etill firmer.
Eggs doing better. Cheese unchanged.
Eastern Poultry drags.
Cherries and Apricots slow.
Raspberries appeared.
Prunes wanted in the East.
Bacon and Lard firm.
Hides show more tone.
Hogs a fraction higher.
Increased receipts of Wins and Brandy.
AUSTRALIAN GOLD.
The steamer Moana, from Sydney on the
19th has 600,000 English sovereigns, equal in
American money to $2,433.000.
RECEIPTS OF WTN"E AND BRANDY.
Receipts of wine and brandy at this port
thus far this year are aa follows, compared
with the same time in 1897: Of wine, 6.657.000
gallons, against 3.803,700; of brandy. 102.E00
gallons, against 6X640.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top fig
ures at station Indicate minimum temperature
for the days; those underneath it. if any, the
amount of "rainfall or of melted snow in inches
and hundredths during the last twelve hours.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word '•high" means high
barometric pressure and 13 usually accompanied
by fair weather; "low" refers to low pres
sure and is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure is high in the interior and low
along the coast, and the isobars extend north
and south along the coast, rain Is probable;
but when the "low" is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is im
probable. With a "high" in the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
in summer and colder weather in winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO May 11. 1893. 5 p. m.
Following are the maximum temperatures re
ported to-day from weather bureau stations In
California:
Eureka," 62; Fresno, 94; Los Angeles, 80: Red
Bluff. 90; Independence, 82; San Diego, 70; Sac
ramento 86: San Luis Oblspo, TO; Yuma, 102.
San Francisco temperature: Maximum 66;
minimum. 48; mean, 62.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
An area of low pressure lies over Arizona,
Eastern California and Nevada. An area, of
high pressure is moving in over Vancouver
Island.
The temperature has remained nearly sta
tionary over the ■ entire country west of the
Rocky Mountains. In the great valleys of Cali
fornia the temperatures are from 12 to 14 de
grees above the normal. Along the coast the
temperatures are normal or below.
Light showers are reported at Eureka.
A thunder storm Is reported at Idaho Falls.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. May 12, 1898.
Northern California— Thursday, with
fog on the coast in the morning: fresh north
westerly wind.
. Southern California— Fair Thursday; fresh
westerly wind.
Nevada— Cloudy Thursday.
Utah— Cloudy Thursday: probably showers
ear.y Thursday morning in northern portion.
Arizona— Cloudy Thursday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Thursday;
fresh westerly wind.
Special reix>rt from Mount Tamalpals. taken
at 5 p. m.— Clear: wind west, 24 miles per
hour; temperature, 68; maximum. 72.
ALEXANDER McADIE.
. Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. May 11.— The active demand
for stocks and bonds was renewed with great
vigor and confidence to-day. An pri"rr>cuß
volume of business was done on the Stock Ex
change and prices are, subscautially . higher
an arour.O A large number of the lead'u*
stocks show net gains excelling iwo poii.ts,
and a great many more have risen one point
or over In the price as a result of tin day's
trading. The upward movement was not re
sumed until a period of hesitation and in-"
certainty at the opening, during whl:h ppri es
In nearly all cases declined. This heaviness
was due to the sharp declines established In
London for American quotations before the
opening here and to the placing of selling or
ders for London account at the opening. There
■was also a well-organized raid against a num
ber of . leading Industrial stocks. Sugar and
Tobacco were conspicuously singled out for
this attack, but the I bears were in haste to
cover their short contracts even at the small
decline achieved. Evidently many of the large
bull operators who. had taken the profits yes
terday were also anxious to get back and saw
an Inviting opportunity at the lower ! level of
prices resulting from yesterday's declines. The
demand for stocks in the first hour was urgent
and many blocks of 1000 shares were eagerly
bought. By the time the news of the Wall
street attitude , had reached London that mar
ket faced about and sent orders to 7 New York
to buy.'' Although there was realizing :on a
large scale at different times during the day,
the recessions in prices were insignificant. The
day closed ■ with a renewed burst of activity
and. prices at about the top level. The belief
that the termination of the war is near at
hand was the impelling motive for the strength
of the market. -
A small engagement of gold- for export dem
onstrates that exchange. Is still at the " gold
point. ■•; - . -'
The bond market showed quite fully in the
activity and strength of , the stock ■'. market.
Atcmson adjustment fours advanced 1% I per
cent. .Total sales,' $3,473, 000. . -. \ ." ,
-Prices of Government 1 , bonds were unchanged j
throughout. >.. • -- , .' .
- The total sales of stocks -to-day were 609,500
shares, including: Atchlson 3300, Atchlson pre
ferred 49,000, B. and O. 8000, Burlington 26,400,
Louisville and Nashville 28,900, Manhattan 9700, j
Metropolitan Street Railway 4530. Reading pre- !
lerred 7b40, Missouri Pacific 1i.600, . New York
Central 7700, • Northern : Pacific 7000, Northern
Pacific preferred 43,200. - Reading •. 5600, - Rock
Island 33,200, St. Pauj 73,240. Southern preferred
8300. Union Pacific preferred 32,200 Wabash
erred 7900, ,.' American Tobacco 49,500, Chi
cago Great Western 11,700, People's Gas 19,700,
Sugar 47,000, Leather preferred 7120, Western
Union 3100. •.--■<■' • ■■..■ ..■■■,
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson' 13 St P& Om .. 76%
Do .pref 32% Do pref ...*„.. 160
Baltimore & Ohio: 19 St P M&.M...... 135
Canada Pacific ... 84% So Pacific .. ;16
Canada Southern. 51 So Rai1way. ....... 8%
Central > Pacific... 12% Do pref ......... 30%
Ches & 0hi0:.....: 22 Texas & Pacific. ; 11;-;
Chi & Alton 100 Union Pacific .... 59#
Chi B& 0 100% U P D & G...... 6%
Chi & E 111....;... 1 60 Waba5h........... 7%
CCC &St L.... 32% Do pref ........ 19%
Do pref ........ 80 Wheel &I, E..... ' 2^4
Del & Hudson... 110% 'Do- pref ...-.....* 12 .
Del L& W. ...150 ~< Express . Companies :
Den & R G. 11 Adams 'Ex "..:..;» 101
Do pref ........ 47% American Ex ..... 125
Erie (new) ....... 13% United States ■ .;.: =•• 40 -
Do Ist pref .... 36% Wells Fargo .....115
Ft 'Wayne ":.::.... 16S Miscellaneous— ■■ •■
Gt Nor pref ...... 162^ A Cot Oil- .;...... 21%
Hocking Valley... 6 ■Do • pref H ,7:".:Alfak
Illinois Central .. 104% Amn Spirits ..... 11%
Lake Erie & W.. 15% Do pref ......... 29 <
■ Do pref ...... 72% Am Tobacco ......112%'
Lake Shore ...;... 187 -- Do pref ■ :....:.!. 117 *
Louis & Nash.... » 55% People's Gas ...... 98%
Manhattan ; L..... 102% Com . Gas • *£r..~ US -<
Met St Ry 160 Com Cable Co 160
Mich Cent 105% Col F & Iron 22%
Minn & St L 27 Do pref 90
Do Ist pref .... 84 Gen Electrio 38V4
Mo Pacific 34% Illinois Steel 50
Mobile & 0hi0... 28% Laclede Gas 48
Mo X * T Ilk Lead 33%
Do pref 36% Do pref 106%
Chi Ind & L 8% Nat Lin Oil 13
Do pref 28 Or Imp Co 30
N J Central 96 Pacific Mall 28%
N T Central .... 11*4 I Pullman Palace... 142
N V Chi & 3 L... 13%iSiIver Cert 56%
Do Ist pref 65 Stand R6 T 6%
Do 3d pref .... 33% Sugar 132"i
Nor West 144 i Do pref 112
No Amer Co 6% T C & Iron 24
No Pacific 274 U S Leather 7%
Do pref 66% Do pref 64%
Ontario & W 15% U S Rubber 19%
Or R & Nay 60 Do pref 71%
Or Short Line-.... 31% West Union B0
Pittsburg 16S Chi & N W 125%
Reading 18% I Do pref 1-0
Do Ist pref .... 46 St L& S W 6
Rock Island 99 Do pref 11%
SILISF 7% R G W .. 22
Do Ist pref .... 60 Do pref 68
Do 2d pref .... 27 % Oil G W 14%
St Paul 97% Haw Com Co 19%
Do pref 144%
CLOSING BONDS.
U S new 4s reg.. 123% jN Carolina 6s 122
Do coup 123 V» Do 4s 102
U g 4 8 lOSVt N Pac lsts 116%
Do coup 110% Do 3s 60
Do 2ds 96 Do 4s 94%
U S 6b reg 111% N T C & S L 4s. 104
Do 5s coup .... 111% Nor & W 6s 117
District 8.65 a 113 Northwatrn cons. ISS
Ala class A 160 Do dec 6s 115
Do B ~ »S% O Nay lats 113%
Do C 90 O Nay 4s 94%
Do Currency ... 90 OS Line 6s tr...". 123
AtchUon 4s 90% O S Line 5s tr.... 102
Do adj 4s . 64% O Imp Jsts tr.... 110
Can So 2d» 107% Do 6s tr 59
Chi Term 4s 84 Pacific 6s of 95.... 108
C & Ohio 6» 113 Reading 4s 83
CHAD *%S 104% R G V? lsts 82%
D & R G lsts.... 104% S L & I M C 65.. 92%
D & R G4a 93 SL& 8F G 65.. 116%
East Term lsts.. 106 St P Con 141
Erie Gen 4s 72 St PC & P lsts.. 116
F W & D lsts tr. 72 Do 6s 115%
Qen Elec Us 103 So Ry 6s 92
G H & S A 6s, 102% Stand R & T 65.. 60
Do 2ds 10« Term new set 35.. 86
H*IC 6» 110 T&P L G lsts.. 102%
Do oon 65.._^.. 109 Do R|f 24s 33%
lowa C IbU 99 UPD & G lsts.. 63%
La new con* 45.. 98% Wab Ist 6s 107
LAN Unl 4a.... 89 Do 2ds 82
Missouri 6s 100 W Shnre 4s 107
M X & T 2ds 62% Va Centuries .... 67%
Do 4s 88% Do deferred ... 5
N V Central Ist*. 116% U P pref 69%
NJC 5s 112% Do 4s 93%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 20 Ontario 2 50
Crown Point 10 OpWr 40
Con Cal & Va.... 66 Pfymouth 08
Deadwood 75 Quicksilver 1 00
Gould & Curry-.. 25 Do pref 300
Hale & Norcross. 90 Sierra Nevada ... 66
Hom&etake 40 00 Standard 155
Iron Sihrer 45 Union Con 15
Mexican 10 1 Yellow Jacket ... 20
BOSTON.
BOSTON. May 11-— Atchlson. 12%: Bell Tele
phone 260; Burlington. 100 s * : Mexican Central,
6; Oregon Short Line, 30%; San Die- .
NEW YORK MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK, May 11. — Money on call steady.
2@2 ! >» per cent; last loan, 2 per cent; prime
mercantile paper, sMs@6 per cent; sterling ex
change steady, with actual business In bankers"
bills at $i 84>*@4 54% for demand and at *4 BH4
(84 81H for sixty days: posted rates. $4 824*
4 SsJ>i; commercial bills, $4 80* ; silver certifi
cates, 66iifflo7c: bar silver. 56;4c; Mexican dol
lars, 45c; Government bonds, steady; State
bonds, dull; railroad bonds, strong.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, May IL— The Evening Post's
financial cablegram gays: The stock markets
here opened dull to-day, but speedily recovered
on the belief that Spain will soon give In. and
I prices > finally closed booming •In the case of
I Americans and Spanish 4's. The revival In
Kaffirs continues. Some uneasiness is felt here
in leading bank parlors over France and West
■ Africa. Insurance risks on stocks against 1 war
I with France have ' been effected at ■ Lloyds as
1 high as 20 guineas a year. The Stock Exchange
! at present desregards the matter, but It should
be noted. "'■ '-'*:.:;•
hi £& CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific, SS%: Grand Trunk, 8%;
bar silver steady, 26 l-16d per ounce; money,
3©3% per cent.
Spanish 4's closed on the Stock Exchange at
34"», a net advance of 1}» ; from, yesterday's
closing. • ■ -
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. May 11.— Receipts,
10.339 barrels; exports, , 2900 ; barrels. Market
quiet and steady for winter; sales easier .'■ on
spring wheat . grades. Minnesota patents,
: %"i mOi 60.
WHEAT— Receipts, 230,325; exports, 32.854.
I Spot weak ; No. 2 , red, $1 75& . i ■ °- b. ; ' afloat to
I arrive, nominal. Options opened stronger on
! favorable English cables, _ but reacted and were
| comparatively quiet all day. Near months suf
! fered most' from ■ local unloading and closed
: l%c lower, the latter In May. against %c ad
i vance in late months. Rumored peace ne
i gotiations had a depressing effect all day. No.
I 2 red. May, *1 75@1 78, closed, *1 77*4; July,
$1 2fVgl 25, closed, $1 20V4.
i HOPS— Steadier. j
WOOL— Quiet.
PETROLEUM— DuII.
METALS — No new developments are noted
in the metal market. While a steadier feeling
i prevails •In some departments, business hangs
i fire. At the close the metal exchange called:
; PIG IRON— Warrants steady, f<i 66 bid, $5 80
aS LAKE COPPER— Unchanged, with $12 bid
i and $12 15 asked.
i TlN— Dull: $14 40 bid, 114 60 asked.
SPELTER— $4 10 bid, U 30 asked.
LEAD— $3 60 bid. $3 65 asked. No
change is made in the quotation of lead fixed
iby the firm naming- the settling price for
i Western miners and smelters, I the figures still
being $3 60.
i COFFEE— Options opened steady at - un
changed prices, closed steady at 5@15 ' points
, net higher. Sales, 7000 bags, Including: May,
'< $5 90; July, *5 80. Spot Coffee— dull but
steady; No. 7 invoice, 6%c; No. 7 jobbing.
THc. Mild, steady: Cordova, 8%@15V4c; fair
Jobbing business done.
SUGAR— steady; fair refining. 3%c;
centrifugal 96 test, 4 3-lCc Refined, steady.
BUTTER— 6594 packages. Western
creamery, 14M:@17c; Elgins, 17c; factory, 13@
14V4C
EGGS— Receipts, 14,732 packages. Steady;
Western, 10V4@llc; Southern, 10@12c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, May 11 —California dried
fruits: Apples, strong; other fruits firm.
EVAPORATED APPI-ES— Common, 6<&B%c;
prime wire tray, 9c; wood dried prime, 9@9%c;
choice, St?9%c; fancy, 9%@10c.
PRUNES— 4-§B%c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 8@10c; Moorpark, 9i£>llc.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 6@9c; peeled, 12<@!14c.
CHICAGK) GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, May 11.— The provision market
to-day shook off the lethargy under which It
has been laboring while foreign markets were
on a rampage. It was a bull market from start
to finish and led all others In point of specu
lative interest. No new feature of the phases
of the business that are open to public In
spection could be discerned to account for tho
great strength developed, and it must therefore
be supposed that something In the internal
working of the packing business had not until
to-day been quite ready for the move that liae
its expression In the provision pit. All the
large packers took a hand in the buying. Ar
mour, Swift and the Cudahys were said to be
the heaviest purchasers. The best bualpew of
the session was in lard. As this commodity
is traded in by the hundredweight its advance
of 6ic is equivalent to $2 15 per tierce. To
ward the middle of the session moderate realiz
ing sales caused temporary reactions, but the
highest rates of the day were prevailing at
the rlose. July pork closed at $11 87%, an ad
vance of 80c, lard at $6 55, or 65c up, and ribs
for July at $6 05, a net gain of 45c.
A steady opening In the Liverpool wheat mar
ket imparted a better tone here at the *tart.
Trade was light. July began at $1 12%»8>1 14%,
%c higher to l%c lower than yesterday, and
held steady around $1 16 for a time, with little
for sale below $1 14. The greater part of the
I short Interest in July had presumably bm a
forced to cover and traders were generaiiy dis
inclined to enter Into fresh trades. Extreme
nervousness st 11 1 characterized the business
and fluctuations during the greater part of the
forenoon were In straight %c Jumps and
! tumbles. Liquidation set in shortly alter the
i opening and from $1 15 July tumbled to $1 ]0,
. rallying rapidly to $1 13. Realizing was at
tempted on every recovery, and resulted in the
i market gradually quieting down around SI 13.
| Closing Liverpool cables quoting declines of
! %d for May, Vid for July and 2>*d for Septem
1 ber caused a fresh decline here. July touched
$1 09i* an( i rallied feebly, closing at $1 10%, a
net loss of 3%c. May. which opened 10c lower
at tl 76, recovered to $1 80, closing 6c net lower
at $1 79.
Trading in corn was brisk, owing to tho mi
gration of scalpers from the wheat pit. The
provision boom helped prices. July closed with
a gain of lc for the day.
Oats ruled firm, with corn within a narrow
range. July closed Vie higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May 180 180 175 179
July 115 115 1 09% 110%
September 81 92*4 90- 91%
December 86% 87% 85% 87
Corn No. J—
May 85% 86% 36 36%
July 36% 37 35% 86%
September 38% 37% 36 87%
Oats No. 2—
May 31 31% 31 31%
July 27 27% 27 27%
September 24% 24% 24 24%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
May 1137% 1170 1127% 1170
July 11 06 1187% 1105 1187%
Lard, p«r 100 lbs—
May 8 62%
July 8 90 6 55 6 90 6 55
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 12, 1898.
September 6 07% 665 8 07% 6 «2%
Short Ribs, pp- 100 lbs—
May 6 00
July 560 «07% 660 606
September 6 72% «16 6 72% 6 12%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
quiet demand, slow at steady prices. No. I
spring Wheat. $1 16tf?l 20. nominal; No. 8 spring
Wheat, $1 10@l 60, nominal: No. 2 red, $1 50®
1 77; No. 2 Corn. 36%@36%c; No. 2 Oats, 31%o;
No. 2 white. 33%@36%c; No. 3 white. 83@33%c;
No. 2 Rye, 69<??T»e; No. 2 Barley, 44<3*»c; No. 1
Flaxseed. $1 37H' Prime Timothy Seed, $3 60 i
Mess Pork, per barrel. 11l 70@ll 75; Lard, per
100 pounds. }6 SOU* 55; Short Rib Sides, loose.
X 80<g6 20; Dry Salted Shoulders, boxed, 4%<fffio;
Short Clear Sides, boxed, $6 2o *6 35; Whisky,
distillers' finished goods, per gallon, $1 23.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 18,000 2J.000
Wheat, bushels 220,000 230.000
Corn, bushels 784,000 684.000
Oats, bushels 6u3,000 235.000
Rye, bushels 1.000 82.000
Barley, bushels 88.000 IS. OOO
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; reameries, 13@16c; dairies,
12@14c. Eggs, steady; fresh, 10c. Cheese, dull
and unchanged.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 223.200 39.500
Duluth 136,870 31.585
Milwaukee 38,360 1.300
Chicago 219.887 230.417
Toledo 114.305 69,000
St. Louis 25.000 2,000
Detroit 20.932 664
Kansas City 29,500 21,000
Totals „ „. 807,144 392,866
Tidewater-
Boston .„ 16.000 23,260
New York „ 230.326 32.884
Philadelphia „ 7.491 127,236
Baltimore 45.252 64.000
New Orleans .y
Galveston
Totals
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— May. Sept. Dec.
Opening „ _„ 67 15 66 00
Closing 67 30 66 26
Flour-
Opening _...._•.. 81 60 25 75
Closing _ 8180 26 M
■LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
May. July. Sept. Deo.
Opening M 10 11 8 2 71
Closing 114% 112% 8 3 7 4
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, May 11.— CATTLE — To-day*
trade in cattle was Blow, and lower prices pre
vailed for rough . Westerns. Strictly choice
beeves. . $5@5 25; . common steers, :$3 90@4 25;
Western, $3 90@4 85; stockers and feeders, $3 90
@4 80; calves. $4 75@6 60.
HOGS— Were strong. Sales were largely at
$4 10@4 25; heavies, |4@4 30; medium, $3 SS@
4 22; rips, |3 60@4.
SHEEP— Were In good demand and steady.
Poor lots, |3@3 60; choice, $4 30. Lambs were
active Ht $<> ..v<M tor Inferior up to $4 90 for
prime shorn. Spring lambs brought 16 60.
Receipts— Cattle, 14,000; hogs, 36,000; sheep,
OMAHA.
OMAHA. May CATTLE— Receipts. 4300.
Market steady to 6@loc lower. Native beef
steers, $3 90@4 75; Western steers, $3 60@4 40;
cows and heifers, $3 Ts@4 20 r stackers and
feeders. IS 904*4 85; calves, $4@6 60; bulls and
stags, $2 60@3 70. • . "
HOGS— Receipts, 6400. Market shade higher;
heav- $3 95©4; mixed, »3 Ss<g!3 97; bulk of
sales. $3 95@4. ♦
SHEEP— Receipts. 4500. Mancet steady; fair
to choice natives, $3 70<g4 35; do Westerns, |3 60
@4 20; lambs, {4 2S@5 40. ..
, . DENVER.
DENVER, May — CATTLE— 1000.
Market active and steady; beef steers, $3 50<g>
4 42; cows. 13®3 80; feeders, freight paid ;to
river. $4@4 40; stookers. freight paid to river,
$3 9M?4 60: bulls and stags, $2 60@3 30. ,
Receipts. 400. MarKet steady; light
packers. »3 95@4; mixed. $3 90@3 95: heavy.
$3 75@3 97. • : ■ ■ ' '
SHEEP— Receipts, none. Market unchanged.
KANSAS &ITV. "
KANSAS CITY, May IL— CATTLE— Receipts,
8000; market weak to 10c lower. Native steers,
{3 75@6; native ., cows and heifers, {2 25@4 80;
stockers and feeders. $3 10@5 65; bulls, *3<£4 TO.
Receipts, 21.000; market strong ■ to
10c higher; bulk of sales. $3 So@4; heavies, $3 90,
<g:4 20; packers. -$3 75<g-4 07%; mixed, $3 76@4 06;
lights. $3 63@3 90; yorkers, J3 85@3 90; pigs,
$3 25@3 75. ■'.. "
■« SHEEP— Receipts. 8000; market firm; lambs,
$4€6; muttons, 76.
BOSTON WOOL : MARKET.
BOSTON, May 11.— • American 1 Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow: ;. The mar
ket Is , somewhat '■ paradoxical, : the tone :. being
more buoyant than ; a week - ago and the sales
somewhat . less.' : The , better - feeling j which lis
encountered on i all •; sides •is 1 ' due " r rlmarily /to
the appearance In the market of a larger quota
of mills than has been the .case for some, time.
While prices have not advanced any, the mar
. ket has Improved 'to . the extent that the quo
tations, are not quite so nominal as they were
a week ago. . ?-&**y3sifcsps>sßtjjg«*Bs
The principal inquiry thin week has been. for
medium fleece wools, suitable for Government
requirements
The sales of the week In Boston amount to
654,000 pounds domestic and 413,000 pounds for
eign, making a total of 1.067.000 pounds, against
a total of 1,128,000 pounds for the previous
week.
FOREIGN MARKET.
LONDON, May 11.— Consols. 11l 8-16; ■liver,
36 l-16d; French rentes, 102f 80c.
LIVERPOOL. May 11.— Wheat firm; No. 1
standard California wheat, 535; cargoes Walla
Walla wheat, 645; cargoes off coast, nothing
doing; cargoes on passage, rather easier; Eng
lish country markets, firmer, 4s higher: French
country markets, strong; wheat in Paris,
steady; flour in Parts, steady.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 9-16 d.
CLOSING.
CORN— Spot American mixed new, quieL,
Sb ll%d; do May, steady, 8s Id; September,
steady. 8s Id.
WHEAT— Futures closed quiet:. May, Its 4%d;
July 31s 2%d; September, Ss 3d; December.
7s 4d.
HOPS— At London, Pacific Coast, dull. £2
@4.
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON, May 11.— At the Wool auction
sales to-day 11,380 bales were offered. Includ
ing an excellent selection of merinos, which
sold quickly. The keenest competition con
tinued. Sales in detail.
New South Wales. 8600 bales; scoured, »%d@
Is fi%<l; greasy, 6%®10d.
Queensland, 1900 bales; scoured, ls®ls 2%d;
greasy, 6%© > 9%d.
Victoria. 2400 bales; scoured, Is l%d@ls 6%d;
greasy, s%(Sj:il%d.
South Australia. 1100 bales: scoured. Is l%d@
Is 3%d; greasy, 4%®9d.
New Zealand, 2800 bales; scoured, *%d@ls 4d;
greasy, B%@9d.
PROVISION MARKET EXCITED.
NEW YORK, May 11— The local Provision
market was in a mild stats of •xcltement to
day over a sensational uplifting In hog products
at Chicago. Cash lard here was rußhed up to
16 80 per 100 pounds, closing strong. All Kin
dred products were advanced, pork closing with
a gain of from 25 to 50 points.
SALE OF CALIFORNIA FRTTIT.
NEW YORK, May 11.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California Cherries at auction to
day, realizing the following prices: Block Ta-r
tarlans. $1 Oo^ 20; Advance, $1 45@2 10; Black
Heart, $115<&135; Knight's Early Black. 60@
90c; Purple Quipne, good many small, 36c® $1 10.
Governor Wood, SOc'g'll 45.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, May 11.— To-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $211,531,096; gold reserve,
$180,696,494.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., May 11.— Exchanges, $398,
008; balances, $88,088.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — $4 81%
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 4 85
Sterling Cables — 4 SSH
New York Exchange, sight — 7V4
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Fine Silver, per ounce — Efit^
Mexican Dollars — 46ty
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— There was leas excitement yester
day. The range of values at Chicago was
lower and the foreign markets also showed
easier symptoms. May wheat, however, was
scarce and in eager demand at Chicago, and
tills gave the bulls here an opportunity to
keep futures up to the previous level, and, in
fact, rather above It. There was no change
in spot prirfs.
Spot Wheat was nominal at the following
quotations: Shipping, $1 80@l 82H; milling $185
@1 90 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock — December—
20.000 ctls. $1 71; 6000. $1 71%; 8000, $1 71V- 4000
$1 n%: sooo. »i nhi. '
Second session— December— 2ooo ctls II 73
18.000, II 73\4; 2000, |1 73%; 4000,- |1 73V4; 2000*
$1 73%; 2000, $1 73%. *
Regular morning session — December— lß 000
ctls, $174%; 20.000, $1 74ft; 2000, $1 74<4; 12 000
$1 7494.
Afternoon session — December — 32,000 ctl«
$1 75; 2000. $1 75%; 10,000, $1 75%; 6000, $1 75%;
fiOOO, $1 "514.
HARLEY- There is an active demand for
Brewing at the quotations on local account.
Feed is weaker. Trading on call U light.
Feed. $1 32%@1 35; Brewing, II 40.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:l6 o'clock— No Mies.
. ' Second session — No : sales.
Regular morning session— •*}«•■, ; „ «...
Afternoon ; session— December, 4000 , ctls, si si,
10.000, $1 81%. ; • .-. ■ • - : ■ • :■•■■•- „-• •
OATS— Continue steady .with ample supplies.
;■ Fancy Feed 11 42*@1 46 >: per ctl :, good to
choice/ $1 85<S1 4»; -' common. $1 »gI J»2%; Sur
prise. «46@T60; gray, $1 82%@1 37%: milling.
CORN— Prices 0 show no - change whatever.
CORN-Prtces show :no change f whatever.
The demand is fair and consumes all arrivals.
> Small round -yellow, $1 25 per ctl; lurge^ yel
low II 07%@l 1«; ; white *1 07%@l W Per , ctl
lu?KW^^T^l. Pe eas!er at. n 75^185 per
ctl. : ■: \ •:,-■■.=:■ ■- ■ -■■■ v •:--. '
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
The Chin* steamer took out 8585 bbls of
Flour. . "■'.iv.y ; ' '• ' .
FLOUR— Family Extras, $*®6 10: Bakers' Ex
tras. ' $5 75<g>6 86 , per bbl.
MILLSTUFFB— Prices in sacks " are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, J3 per 100 lbs- Rye Flour, %i T5 per 100;
Rice Flour, $6; •> Cornmeal, 12 60; extra cream
Cornmeal. 13 26; Oatmeal. 14; Oat ] Groats J4 25;
Hominy. |3 25@3 60; Buckwheat Flour, H@<2s.
Cracked -Wheat, $3 75; Farina. 14 75; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 IS; Rolled Oats (barrels), 15 80
I m 20; in sacks, $5 60®6: Pearl Barley, U 75;
Spilt Peas. $4 25; Green Peas. »4 50 per 100 lbs. ,
• HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The . Hay • market continued to show a firm
tone, and there was a further falling oft in
the ■; receipts from outside points. There was
no advance in prices, however. |
. Two cars of new ? Wheat came in from the
Sacramento Valley. It was good Hay, fairly
cured, and sold at 120 per ton.
BRAN— »2O 50@21 per ton. ;• V; T
MIDDLINGS— X 23 50@25 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $29 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31f31 50: Jobbing.
$32@32 60; Cocoanut Cake, $24@25; Cottonseed
Meal, $28@30 per ton Cornmeal, 124 60; . Crack
ed Com, > $25. _„ ... _
Hay— (Ex-car in round lots)— Wheat $210
24 50; Wheat and Oat. $20023 50; Oat.>*lß@2o;
Barley, none; compressed Wheat. $21024; com
pressed Oat, rslß@2o; I Alfalfa, $13@14; Clover,
nominal; Timothy, $16018.' ' '
STRAW— 7Sc@JI 10 per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
X few changes In Beans will ba observed.
The* market is firm.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 W@S: Small Whites, 13 06
®2 15; Large Whites, $2® 2 05; Pinks, $2 65®
2 76; Reds. $2 75@2 85; Blackeye, |3 50; Butters,
$1 66 Wl 76; Limas, $8 t6: Pea, J2@2 15; Red Kid
neys, $2 65<g'2 75 per clt.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, 12 2o t 60 per ctl ;
I Yellow Mustard. $3 15<S3 25; Flax, S2 25; Canary
! Seed. 2%<52%c per lt>; Alfalfa. 3@6c; Rape, 2%@
2%c; Hemp. 2%@3c; Timothy, 5Q5%c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, Jl 75@2; Green. Jl »0@
2 25 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Los Angeles String Beans brought 6@Bc per
tb. Green Peppers 15c and Tomatoes Jl 26®
1 50 par box.
New Onions were lower again. New and old
Potatoes are doing better. Peas ad Beans are
firm.
New Garlic Is on the market at 8c per lb.
POTATOES— EarIy Kose are out: River Reds.
40-§>soc; River Burbanks, 50<g65c per sa/k; Ore
gon Burbanks. 60®90c; Petaluma Burbsinks. 50
@65c per sack; new Potatoes, H4@2%c per lb.
ONlONS— Australian, jobbing at $3 504P4 ; new,
65(5 80c P<*r ctl.
VEGETABLES— Receipts were 803 boxes As
paragiis, 394 boxes Rhubarb and 462 sacks Peas.
Asparagus, $2 for extra large, $1 50® 1 75 per
box for No. 1. 65c®$t 25 for small; Rhubarb.
40@G0c per box for small to good and 65@75c
for extra choice; Green Peas, $I@l 50 per sack;
Garden Peas, 2H@3c per lb: String Beans, 6-f
8c; Horse Beans, 2?^ 50c per sark; Summer
Squash, 12>4c per lb; Dried Peppers. 6®7c
per Ib; Dried Okra. 12'ic; Cabbage, 65@75c
per ctl; Carrots, 30<ji'50c per sack; Cucumbers,
25c@$l per dozen; Mexican Tomatoes, $1 25@
1 75 per box.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes sliced, raw. 12c per IT) In lots of 2o
lbs; sliced desiccated. 16tflSc: granulated raw.
lie; Onions, 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18c;
Cabbage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes!. 30c; Turnips.
25c; String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Hens and old stock are very weak and dull,
but young: Poultry Is firm and In light supply.
There Is considerable Eastern stock on the
market, and It Is being; worked off at 12c for
Turkeys, $4 for Ducks, $5@6 50 for Hens and
$4 50 for old Roosters.
POULTRY—LIve Turkeys, ll@l2c for Gob
blers and ll@l2c for Hens: Geese, per pair,
|I@l 25; Goslings. $1 25(fl 75; Ducks. $3fH for
old and JS tMga 60 for young; Hens. $S®3 50;
Roosters, young, $7 W®9; Roosters, old. $3 50@
3 75; Fryers, $6^7; Broilers, $4 So@s 50 for large,
$2 50@4 for small: Pigeons $1 50<§l 75 per dozen
for young and $1 25(31 50 for old.
GAME— Nominal. ~
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGG 3.
Egjp« are higher and firm. Cheese Is un
changed.
Buttrar is going <»ff well at thn Improved quo
tations.
BUTTKR—
Creamery — Fancy creameries, 21e; ceeonds,
20c.
Dairy— to ■ fancy, - 18@20c; common
grades, 16@17%c per Ib. -. ■-■
Eastern Butter — Imitation . creamery, 16@
16% c; r ladle-packed, . 15©16c- per lb; Eastern
Elgin tub. 18if?lS!4c. ■ ...
■': CHEESE— Choice mild new, 9®9V»c; common
to good. T^'gsu.c; Cream .'Cheddar, 10311 c:
Young America, 10@llc; Western. ll>g!2c; East
ern. 12^@13Hc per It). '■ , ■
EGGS— Ranch Egrgw, . 13@14c per dozen;
store Eggs, 12@12Hc • Duck Eggs, 16c.
■I .DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Raspberries came In from Newcastle and sold
at ' 25c per basket. - v. ;
S Cherries and Strawberries continued slow .at
about; the ' same prices. Citrus fruits ranged
about the same. ■ ■-"-, ' •;
The last steamer brought up 517 boxes Mexi
can Limes.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— * f
Receipts' were 967 chests of Strawberries and
696 boxes of Cherries. - ;
Strawberries, %i 60@3 per chest ' for I . large i
and $2 - Boig4 for small , berries in baskets, and
»4'a4 60 for loose. -■■• ■■'■■,
White Cherries, 20<@>60o per box; red. Ss@7sc;
black, 66c@{L ■
Apricots, 65c@W per ■ box and $1 76<3>2 per
crate. ■ .: '' ■ - , • ->;-":>-- ' '•
Gooseberries, 25@350 ' per drawer. : -. v':,« ?:.
: Blackberries, $2 per crate. : - '
' Apples, 40*350 c per 'box for common, 76c@$l
for «rood to choice and ! 11 25®1 60 for ■ fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, $1 : 25@2;
Seedlings, 40c4$Jl; Lemons, 60c@$l for common
and |$1 2602 25 for t good to choice: : Mexican
Limes, $3 50f=4 60; California Limes, ' In small
boxes, 40®50c; Bananas, $1 25@2 per bunch;
Pineapples, $3^4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
Prunes have again advanced In the East, but
they are no higher, here. .
DRIED FRUITS— carload lots, 4\@
Be for . 40-50" c, 414®414c4 1 4®4 1 4c for 60-60' s, : 3*<g>4c for
60-70's, 3V.rn3^c for 70-80' s. 2%<3'3c for 80-90' s. 2%
@2%e for 90- 100" a; Peaches, • 3@sc; fancy, 6V4@
6c; peeled. 10<S12Vic; Apricots, 6@6%c for Roy
ale '■■ and 7@Bc for good to fancy Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, .= 6H@"c; sun-dried, t 4@6c;
Black Figs In sacks. 2@2V4e; Plums, 4%@4%c
for pitted and 1H @lV4c for unpitted ; bleached
Plums, 6@sVic; Nectarines, 4©6 c for prime to
fancy; Pears, 2^fii'^c ; for quarters and' 3®5%c
for halves, according. to color, etc.
/'RAISINS— lH@2c for two-crown, 3c for three
crown, ; 3%c for four-crown, ■ 4V4c for Seedless
Sultanas, ■ 2-V for Seedless Muscatels and |1@
1 10 for London layers; dried Grapes, -.■ 2^jc.
i NUTS— Chestnuts are quotable .at■ 8c per ■ lb;
Walnuts, 3@4c for hardshell and 4®6c for soft
shell; ■■- Almonds, 3@4c for . hardshell, « 6<g7c for
softshell, B%<i?9c for ' paper-shell ; ; Peanuts, • 4igi
6%c for Eastern and 4>!4c for California; Pe
cans, 6'/4(S;8c; Filberts.- SVi'B'lOc; Brazil Nuts,
S@9c per lb; Cocoanuts, $4 5005 per 100.
HONEY 9@loc a for bright and 6@7c
for lower grades; water- extracted, 5V4@
6c: light amber extracted, ' 4%@5%c per It>.
BEESWAX— per lb.
PROVISIONS.
Bacon and Lard have gone up sharply In the
East : and , this ; market -is i firm in ■ sympathy,
though quotations remain unchanged.
CURED • MEATS— Bacon, " BV4@9c per ■lb for
heavy, 9%0 for light medium. 10% c for i light,
lie i for extra . light ■ and • 12c for - sugar cured;
Eastern sugar cured Hams, 10Mi@llc; Califor
nia Hams, 9U@ioc; Mess Beef, $10 50 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef, ;■ $11- Family Beef, $12; Salt
Pork, . $9; extra prime Pork, $10; c extra clear,
$17@17 60; mess, $15; Smokeu Beef, 12®12^c per
1b,,--' • " ;..■ ■■ -; : ' ■■.'.: .■-'•';.--"■"■.. ' '■■-.?-■■-■
LARD— Eastern, tierces quoted at 6c ;• per :lb
for compound and 7Hc- for . pure; palls, B%c:
California, tie- -ca, s@s^4c-per<lb'for compound
and ; THIV c for pure if -' half barrels. -, 7%c; 10
tins, 7%ic: 5-lb tins, : :
--. COTTOLENE . — Tierces, 6%@6%c; packages,
less than 300 lbs— l-lb pails. ; 60 In a case, 8 -4,0 ;
3-lb pails, 20 in a case. B%c; 5-lb palls. 12 in a
case,. B%c: 10-lb palls, 6 in a case.^B^c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case. 7%c; wooden buckets,! 20
lbs net, 7%c ; fancy tubs, ' 80 lbs net. 1 7*- 4 c; I naif
barrels, • about 110 lbs, 7%c per : lb. .
. HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
■ Dealers report ; a stronger, Eastern market for
Hides, but there Is no change here.
\ , HIDES } AND SKINS— CuIIs I and brands , stll
about lo i under), the . quotations. ;= : Heavy , sail l i
steers. 10c; medium, BVi<i?9c; : light; SVic; Co-»
nides, BVi<@9c; Stags,; Gc; salted"; Kip, Me; * Calf.
10c; t dry Hides, i 15@16c: culls and brands, 12©
13c; dry Kip 'and Veal. 16@16%c; dry : Calf.
18@19c; culls, 16@17c; Goatskins, 1 30@37^ic ea^h;
; Kids, - 6@loc; ■- Deerskins, = good summer. ■> 25@300
per , lb: medium, ; 20c ; i winter. ' 10c; ■ Sheepskins,
shearlings, < 20@25c each ; • short t wool, • 40@600
each; i medium, . . 60@80c; •- long wool, .; 90c« :l ;20
each."'-' •''" ■-."■■ ;'■ ■.. -' -• '<v : ■ •'■•■■-■• '- .■- ' •■■:
Ca ALLOW— No. 1 rendered, S®3Hc per ' lb;
No. •2, » 2(P2^c; . refined. 4H<§>4%' % * : Grease. 2c. ~u^
- WOOL— Fall clip— San ' Joaquln. defective, '. 7©
»c; * Southern - Mountain. • lie; free Northern,
•11-»l8c.v;;-:"-.-:,:c >-:■ r • '• r - -- ■■• •'■ • ■■■
- HOPS— IB 97 crop. 9@l2\4c per lb. « •
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
', Hog* continue firm at a. fractional advanoe.
Wholesale Cj rates , ' for dressed ': stock g from
slaughterers are aa follow*' v » -:
BEEF— First quality. ' 8c; ' »econd i quality,
6%c; third quality. 4©6e per It). • :'.■>■
VEAL— Large. 4@sc; small, 6«>«ep«r »•'-'-"
MUTTON— 8c;-Bwea. 7®f Wi per >»>•
LAMB— Spring, B@B%c per lb. ,
PORK— Live Hogs, 3%c ' for large and 4@4V40
for medium; stock Hogs. 2®2%c; dressed Hogs,
fTtOTiIT ■;,- : -- < -'. •■•■■■ v■_ ■ : ; ;
\'r'. - ■•: . GENERAL ' MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, nominal; Wool
<»ags. nominal; San Quentln, $5 30. .
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New Welling
ton. $8: Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; i Seattle.
$<; Bryant, $6; ; Coos , Bay. $5; Wallnend, $7 60;
Cumberland, $10 28 In bulk and $11 50 In sacks;
Pennsylvania ; Anthracite Egg. $14; Cannel. $10
per ton ; Rook Springs, Castle Gate and Pleas
ant Valley, $9; Coke, $12 per ton .In bulk and
$14 In sacks. . . .
. . SUGAR— Western Sugar . Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine ■- Crushed. 7c: Powdered. ' 6V4c: Dry
Granulated. ■ b%c; Confectioners'- A, 6T4c;;Mag
nolia A, 6%c; Extra C, • 5%c; Golden C. 6%c;
Candy Granulated, 6c; California A, 5%c . per
lb ; ; half - barrels %c more ■ than ' barrels, and
boxes %c more.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Wednesday. May 11. '
Flour, qr sks ... 6.392 1 Hay, tons ...... 240
Wheat, ctls ..... 2,660 Straw, tons ; 20
Barley, ctls 63 Hops, bales ..... 98
Oats, ctls ....... 400 Wool, bales ..... 461
Cheese, ctls ..... 235 Hides, no ........ 587
Butter, ctls ..... 39" i Eggs, doz ...... 15.810
Tallow, ctls 31 Quicksilver, flsk. 50
Beans, ska ...... 1,920 Leather, rolls ... 75
Bran, sks ........ 1,426 Lumber, ft .. 20.000
Potatoes, sks ... 394 Wine, gals ...... 37,700
Onions, ska 600 Raisins, bxs .... 458
Pelts, bdls •■..^... 120 Lime, bbls ...... 81
OREGON. :
Flour, qr sks ... 1,240 1 Potatoes.'- sks ... 1,452
Wheat, ctls ..... 2.500 Hops, ■■ bales 98
Hay. tons ....... 80 Wool, ba1e5...... 1
Bran, Bks 1,366 -
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 4.4001...... '.
UTAH.
Hay, tons 201...... ••••••
THE STOCK MARKET.
Th«re wu no chance In mining stocks
worthy of note and trade was quiet as usual.
In local . securities there 4 was no particular
change, though the tone i was steady.
The : Union Consolidated Mining Company
has levied an assessment of 15 cents per share,
delinquent June IS. .
The Mountaineer Mill and Mining Company
of Nevada County has levied an assessment
of 3 cents per share, delinquent May SI.
* The annual meeting of the Alaska Commer
cial Company has been called or. June «.
The Hutchlnson Sugar Plantation Company
has Increased the j rate of Its monthly divi
dends from 40 cents to BO cents per share and
has declared on« of the latter amount, pay
able May 20.
In the Alpha Consolidated mine, on the 500
level, the raise In the north drift 35 feet north
from the south raise above this level was ex
tended 6 feet; total length 14, feet; -the roof Is
in quartz assaying from ■ $5 , to $8 per ton.
The Chollar and Potosl mining companies
have ratified the contract with - the Comstoek
Tunnel Company : whereby, together, with the
otiier companies composing the Brunswick Ex
ploration Company they are to have the use
of the Sutro tunnel for deeper explorations in
their ground on the Brunswick • lode, besides
full title to that part of the ground | through
which the tunnel passes. The Chollar Mining
Company Is to pay *""* In. back royalties to
the Comstock Tunnel Company for ore •■ ex
tracted from the Brunswick ground. The first
Installment of $1000 has already been paid, and
other Installments r-t $1000 each are, to be paid
every following two months ' until - the . whole
amount is paid. .•■'•-.
The yield of the Overman • mine for the past
week amounted to five . carloads of ore. ■ the
average car sample assay of which was $17 11
per ton. ■- This ore was . extracted from ; the
north drift on the 900 level. The > mine shows
no change since last report. The yield : of ore j
for the month of April amountd to 26 carloads,
the average value r-of ! which, 5 per car ; sample
assay, was $24 53 per. ton. ■ •. .
. In the Savage ground on the Comstock lode,
on the : 130-foot level the main west' drift has
been cleaned out and repaired a distance of' 12
feet ;'; total length. 529 feet. Brunswick \ lode—
The main north drift, 600 level,; was advanced
20 feet; total length, 48S feet; face In porphyry
with streaks of quartz giving low assays.'ln
cline , shaft t No. I— Still raising . chutes prepar
atory to opening 800 level. * : ■ •: j a ".
The official : letter from the (Justice, mine . for
the past week says: "The winze from the face
of v the southeast , drift has been ' sunk *a . total
depth of 55 feet; the bottom is In quartz giving
low assays. Work s in? this (winze- has .been i
temporarily discontinued; owing -to 'our limited '
hoisting facilities, S and a south drift • has i been i
started from :, the station .. at « the '■ top : of the I
winze. This drift is now advanced 6 feet.
The. face shows .2 feet' of ore. <■ The car. sam
ples of the same average, $66 34 ■ per • ton. •■' The j
stope ' in : the , north drift* on the foot level
shows no ; change since' last report. : . During
the j week we ■ have hoisted •7 : tons of - ore, ■'. the
car; samples of which averaged $45 81 In gold
and $1S 81 In silver; total, $64 62 per ton." ;«.< •
At the annual ■ meeting of: the Hutchinson
Sugar Plantation Company directors were
elected as follows: President,' John A. Buck;
vice-president. Nicholas Ohlandt; directors,
William CUft, Albert Meyer and C. P. Over
ton; secretary, E. H. Sheldon. .
The total amount of sugar ' received for the
fiscal year ending March SI. 1898, ■' was 7939 tons,
which was disposed of at an average net price
of $62 24 a ton. yielding in all $494,936 56. About
half of the two miles of .-: railroad between
Houapa and Hllea was reported completed, the
estimated cost of the completion of the work
being about $3000. The totaj assets of the com
pany during the past year were $1,955,429 53
and the liabilities $5000. -
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. May 11—2 p. m .
Bid. Ask. 'v '■ •■-■■ Bid. Ask
U S Bonds— Oakland Gas.. 464 48
4s quar coup.. 109*4110*4 Pac Gas Imp.. 87 — •*■
4squar reg...lOßVilO9H p ae L Co.. _ 601 ,
4s quar new...122%123H S F G &E..89%90
Miscellaneous— ■ San Fran "-. ■ 3\i. — '
Cal-st Cab 6s. 11 116 Stock; Ga5...... IS - —
Cal El 65.. ....125 . — Insurance — .-'■'."
C C Wat 55... — 101 Flrem's Fund. —
Dup-st ex c — 9Sy. ' Rank - Stocks—
E L & P 65. .12614 — * Anglo-Cal .... — 64
F & Cl Ry 65.. 110 — ' Bank of Ca1.. 242% —
Geary-st R ss. — 99 Cal S'D & T. 90 -96
HC & S 5%5..100 105 First Nat ....200 —
L A L Co 6s. — 100 Lon P& A 130 —
Do gntd 6e.. — 100 Mer Exchange 10 115 ■
Market-st 65..— 126 Xcv Nat 8...150 157%
Do Ist M ss. .113 114 ■« Savings Banks-
Nat Yin 6s Ist — 97% Ger SAL.. — 1660
NCNg Ry 7b. 103 — Hum S & L.1050 1160 .
NRy Cal .107 — Mutual . Say. — 42%
N Ry Cal 55.. 100 — F Say U.. — 500
NPC R R 63.100% — S & L 50.... — 100
NPC R R ss. — 101 Security SB. 250 —
Oak Gas 55... 100 — Union T Co. 950 —
Do 2d is Bs.. — 109 Street Railroad-
Cm Ry 65... 123% — California ....108 110
P & O 65.....U0 — Geary :........ 40 ' —
P&fl Ry .106% — Market-st .... 61% 62
Powell-st 65... 116 —Presidio.. 6 7%
Reno WL&L..IOO — Powder— r
SacElec Ry 55.100 — California ....115 . 160
8 F & N P E5.106tt107% E Dynamite...' 85 90
SierraßCal 65. 101 103 Giant Con Co. 44 44%
S P of Ar 65. .103 103H Vlgorit ........ 8% 3%
S P .Cal 65... — 113 : Miscellaneous— *■&*£?
SPC Is eg B«.. — 96 Al Pac Assn.. 93\ 94
S P Br 65.....109%1Q9* 4 Ger Ld Wks.UO —
S V Wat «5... — H6VS Hana P C 0... — 14
S V Wat 45...101V4102V6 H C & S Co.. IS% 19
Stock Gas Cs.. — 103 Hutch S P Co. 49% 51
Water Stocks— Mer Ex Assn. f0 —
Contra Costa.. 60 61% Nat -Yin Co.:. — 6%
' Marln Co .... 50 ■— Oceanic 8: Co. 62 53
Spring Valley. 99*100* Pao A F L.. 1% 3
Gas & Electric— Pac Bot C0...100%101
Cent Gaslight. 105 — Par Paint ~ Co. 7 —
Mutual El Co. 11% 12% .. ...: . ..v.
■ Morning Session. ,„
■ 20 Alaska Packers' Association 94 00
5 Giant Powder Con ........... .....4400
75 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar.. 18 50
65 do do ..../... 18 25.
100 do . do 18 12%
425 do do 18 00
4<o Hutchlnson S P C 0........ .....50 00
15 Oceanic Steamship Co > 52 25
60 do -do - ■..'... 52 00
30 Pacific Gas - Imp : 86 75 '
23 S F Gas & Electric Co .........'.....■ 89 50
5 Spring -Valley Water :. .......100 25
$2000 Spring -Valley 6s Bonds ....... .......116 25
$10,0000 8 P of A Bonds ....■.'.... .....:....103 25
•. ■ 'Street—; ■ •• ■■ : -■■•'-■■ ■ ' ■■ - • ■ ■. . ;, .
SO Hutchlnoon S P C 0....' 49 5i .
50 S F Gas & Electric Co. 89 25
$1000 S P Branch Ry Bonds 109 25
 Afternoon, Session.
25 Alaska - Packers' Association :...'..'.. .'94 00
25 Bank of California ..'.. 1....'... 243 50 .' ;
60 Giant Powder C0n....................... 44 00
75 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 18 12%
95 Hutchinson S P C 0............. ..50 00
25 Oceanic Steamship Co ;... ........: 52 00 '.
5 do • do .......'..........'.......". 51 75 ■;
;'2OS Pacific Gas 1mp. ....'.... :......:...v..'... 87 00
200 Market-street Railway .."..".........: 52 00 '
110 S F Gas & Electric Co V...;.. 89 60
■ 65 Spring Valley Water .:..-........;.. 100 00
$2000 S P Branch Ry 80nd5..'........ 109 50
Street— "•■; -X- - r ~~ ''..■■■.'„■: -'.-/C ir ; ;'; ' •'■♦ ■
25 Bank of California ..................243 60
INVESTMENT : BOARD. :
Morning Session. ,
25 Hawaiian C & S Co '....". ".:.';. ..;....; 18 00 :
v 50 Giant Powder .".....:.. ....... 44 00
.-25 Oceanic Steamship C 0...; ............. 52 00 v
100 Vigorit Powder ......-.........'.......:.. 3 37%
15 Oakland . Gas L & H C 0...:...........*. 46 25
■ ■■■■. Street— .-,-■■•■"• ■-.■•■■.-:■•.•..../. .;-..-• -'
,25 Hawaiian C & S C 0.....:.....'.......... 18 60 '•••*
- ...;. Afternoon ' Session.
60 Contra Costa Water -Co ......... . . ..... 61 00 '
20 Spring Valley Water .:;... 100 25
- 25 Giant Powder .'...■..........:.........;. 44 00 V
5 Hutchlnson S P C0.....:...;v..::...;.-..'60 00
75 Hawaiian C A S Co ...... ....:.r..... 18 00 .
:-:. Street— '■ ...-■■ - ■;.-,:..■ -; ; ■ ■ ■
• 20 Pacific Gas 1mp........ ....;........... 86 60"i
l -; 25 Giant . Powder -:.;..... .:..'.'.;'. ..;....:... 43 87%
j MINING " STOCKS.
X Following were;. the > sales In \ the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday: 7 ; ■'•-. ;• "; ,->: .;- '-
', ■' :■:.-.;■' . ..; ■•'- T Morning i Session. .'• . .. ' :,.\.: \. ;
600 Beloher ........^ 121 100 Hale A Norcrs.l 00
1 100 Best ■& ' Belcher. 34 100 Sierra Nevada.. 68
100 Caledonia ....... 18 200 Yellow Jacket... C 26
150 Gould A Curry.. 28 . ';-"{?•:■ - * <:*/.
Afternoon Serelon. r.-;
30» Ande« .. ;... 09 1 300 Overman ........ M
100 Belcher .;..:.... 10 100 Savage .....:....- 15
400Chollar .. .... 23 !i2sy n—" -V" 16
100 Gould &' Curry- • 25 380 Sierra Nevada.. 63
100 Hale & Norcrs. ;85 26 .....;............- 66
100 - ... 83 800 Union' Con ...... 13
600 Mexican ' ..:..... 10 250 Yellow Jacket... 23
600 Ophlr ........:... «! '».-""■
Following were the sales tn the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: • . .
.■ .. ■ ■■ Morning Session.
800 Belcher .......... 12 300 ...... ............ .43
200 Best & Belcher. 33 200 4
100 Caledonia li- . 300 PotoM 2o
300 Choi ........... 26 200 ..'.... ............ 24
100 Con Cal & Va.. 6S 700 Savage '•.•Ail
300.....' 64 SOO ...... If
300 Gould A Curry.. 27 200... .. ; . ...... 15
150 Hale &. Norcrs. 9S 300 Sierra Nevada;. .70
600 Justice ..•..'lO 500 Union. Con ......' 18
900 Mexican ......... 11300 .. ............ «
300 Ophlr 44
Afternoon Session.
200 Alia 17 500 Justice 10
200 Best & Belcher. 32 700 Mexican 10
200 .....31 ...... ............ 11
200 Caledonia 16 850 Ophlr :..:.:..; 41
800 Chollar ....'...... 23 700 Potosi 23
600 Con Cal A Va. . 64 500 Savage r. ........ 1?
600 Gould & Curry.. 25; 250 Sierra Nevada.. 6o
200 Hale & Norcra. 83 400 Union Con .......15
100 90 400 • 1*
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, May 11—4 p. m. ..
§ Bid. Ask. .* Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 04 Julia — 02
Alta 17 19 Justice ......... 09 —
Andes 09 10 Kentuck — 01
Benton C0n.... — IS Lady Wash.... — 02
Belcher .... 10 11 Mexican ..09 11
Best & Belchr. 30 31 Occidental —1 10
Bullion 05 06 Ophlr 41 .42
Caledonia ..... 16 18 Overman 02 03
Chollar ........ 22 23 Potoul 22 23
Challenge Con. 10 12 Savage 15 16
Con Cal & Va, 62 68 Beg Belcher ... 01 02
Confidence ..... 40 — Scorpion ........ — 02
Con Imperial ..01 02 Sierra Nevada. 61 63
Crown Point ..11 12 Silver Hill .... — 06
Con New York. — 02 Syndicate ...... — 04
Eureka Con ... — 20 Standard ......1 50 155
Exchequer — 02 Union Con ..... 12 14
Gould & Curry- 24 25 Utah 06 07
Hal*. St Norcrs. 85 — Yellow Jacket. 22 23
.... . ,-.. ...... ....■•■.... --•■■■ - -- ■ .
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Hattlo J. and George Easton to Julius Gall,
lot on 3 line of Broadway, 1D3:6 E of Webster
street, E 34 by S 132:7*; $10.
William and Frances 8. Helm to N. W.
Moodey. lot on N line of Halght street, 25 E
of Pierce. E 25 by N 110; $10.
Almeric W. S., Ernest A. and Mary A. Cox
head to Julia F. McGauley, lot on S line of
Green street, 137:6 E of Scott. 8 50 by E 137:0,
waiving all right of alleyway in 38 coy H2
(quitclaim deed); $1.
Louis Schnetzler to Emma Schnetzler. lot on
W line of Pierce street. So S of Turk, S 25 by
W 110; gift.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Kevin J.
Turner, lot on N line of Liberty street, 454 E
of Castro, E 25 by N 114; $10.
A. and Margaret E. Walrath to M. Rein
hart, lot on E line of Dolores street, 50:6 X of
Thirtieth, N 25 by E 100; $10.
R. C. Jones as assignee, etc. (by L. G.
Faulkner, commissioner), to Homer S. King,
lot on N line of Jersey street, 26 E of Church,
E 25 by N 114, $2000; also lot on S line of
Twenty-first street, 155 E of Noe, E 150 by S
114, $6000; also lot 466, Gift Map 3, $400; also lot
on SE line of Porter avenue, 200 XE of Naglee.
NE 40 by SE 125, block 24, West End Map 2.
$400; also lot 1042, Gift Map 3, $400: also lot on
S line of Twenty-flfth street. SO E of Fountain.
E 65 by S 120, $3fioo; also lot on W line of
Stanyan street, 50:2 S of Belgrave avenue. S
75:3. W 122. N 75:2»4, E 110. $5400; also lot on
W line of Sixth avenue. 100 S of California
street, S 60 by W 120, $15,000; also lot on SE
corner of Twenty-third and Diamond streets.
S 23 by E 100. $2000; also lot on S line of Jack
son street, 60 E of Laurel, E 77:6 by S 127:8"4,
$10,500; also lot on N line of Twenty-fifth
street, 160 E of Diamond, E SO by N 114. $4500:
also lot on NE corner of Elizabeth and San
chez streets, N 25 by E 5)2:6. $2500; also lot on
S line of Frederick street. 55 E of Tremont
avenue. E 25 by S 102, $3500; also lot on E line
of Hartford ftreet, 222 N of Twentieth. N 1
by E 125. $600.
Mary M. and Patrick Kllroy to Trueman
Taylor, re-record 1149 d. 30, of lot on X line of
Jersey street, 203:8 E of Noe, E 50:11 by N 114;
$5.
Frederick Mundwyler to Henry Hlldebrant,
lot on X line of Jersey street, 229:7 E of Noe,
E 25 by N 114; $10.
Jeremiah Lynch to P. F. Nolan, lot on S
line of Turk street. 137:8 E of Taylor. E 31, S
79, BS 77:6. SW 25. XW 93:7%. X 79; $10.
Anastasia Sullivan to John H. Sullivan, lot
on XE line of Zoe place, 91:6 SE of Folsom
street, SE 23 by NE 50; gift.
Thomas F. Barry to Dolores T. Barry, lot
on S line of O'Farrell street. 110 W of Octavia
W 27:6 by S 120; also lot on SW line of Sixth
street, 175 SE of Brannan, SE 25 by gW 80;
«*ft
Frank W. and Emma A. Fuller to Hannereh
Graham, lot nn X line of Clement street. S2:«
W of Thirty-first avenue, W 25 by X 1W; also
lot on W line of Thirty-first avenue, 150 N of
Clement street. N 25 by W 120; $10.
Alameda County.
Charles A. and Rachei Ingerson and Cyrus A.
and Ella K. Gore to Savings and Lon Society,
lot on S line of Orchard avenue, 150 E of Web
ster street, S 73.97. E 87, X 77. W 103:6 to be
ginning, being portion of Academy Homestead,
Oakland; grant.
J. J. Johnson to Sylvester and Orilla Howard,
lot on NW line of Fifth avenue. ISO SW East
Eighteenth Btreet. XW J.'.O by XE 40, being the
SW 40 feet of lots 13 to IS, block 100. Clinton,
East Oakland; gift.
R. J. Pavert to Maria C Pavert, lot on SE
line of Fifth avenue. ?0 SW East Nineteenth
street. SW 50 by SE 100. block 99. same. East
Oakland; $10.
Thomas F. (and as attorney), and Ada Gra
ber (by attorney) to Lizzie Jessen (wife of
Henry, lot X lino of Hopkins street, 130 E of
Curtis avenue, thence at right angles to Hop
kins,. 213.50 to center of Cordonlces Creek, E
100, S 160, W 77. 0S to beginning, being portion
of Peralta Park, subject to mortgage for $2300,
Berkeley: $10.
G. W. Hasteden (by commissioner) to Oak
land Loan and Investment Company, lot on S
line of Todd street. 50 E of Occidental. E 100 by
S US, helnir lnts 2 and 3, block J, Paradise
Park, Berkeley ; $1123.
German Pavings and I-ioan Society to Annie
Eustace, lot on N line of Fifth street. 130.63
W of Pine, W 1 by N 100.61, Oakland; $25.
A. BaeclMerl, Carl and Augusta Nellsen (by
commissioner) to William Knox, lot on X lino
of Twenty-first street. 40 W of Filbert. W 40
by N 100, block 61S or F. map of survey of
northern extension to Oakland. Oakland; $3379.
Emily J. Smith to Mary L. Maxwell, lot on
E line of Hollls street. 225 S of Park avenue,
S 50 by E 125. Oakland Township (subject to a
mortgage) ; $10.
A. C. Berthler. A. E. Shaw and Elmhurst
Land Company to A. E. Shaw (trustee), lot
80. Elmhurst Park. Brooklyn Township; $10.
John R.. Walter W. and Theodore L. Gray
and Alice A. Tomer to William C. Gray, undi
vided four-flfths interest In lot on XE corner
of Clinton avenue and Walnut street. E 50 by
N US. block P, lands adjacent to Encinal, Ala
meda; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Ellen A. Fife (owner) with Ickelhelmer
Brothers (contractors), architect N. Blalsdell.
Plumbing-, yasfitting and sewering for two
three-story frame buildings, three flats each,
en E line of Devlsadero street, 62:6 N of Ful
ton, N 50 byE 137:6: $2450.
■♦ ■ 1
TO CULTIVATE A PRETTY INSTEP.
The evilly disposed person who Invented
spring-heel shoes has thousands of ugly
flat feet for which to render amount.
The nervous strain on the body, caused
by the pounding of the heelless shoes on
the hard ground, is very considerable.
And more than that. It is almost Impossi
ble to carry the weight on the balls of the
feet under such circumstances. Of course
high heels are equally injurious, but a
heel of medium height with good width
will allow the Instep to develop as it
should.
To cultivate the instep to Its proper
arch no exercise is bo effective as this-
Stretch the foot downward, the toe al
ways endeavoring to reach a point just
beyond itself.— Kathertne E. Junkermann
In May Woman's Home Companion
THE CALL CALENDAB.
May. 1898.
su.
1
8
Me
2
Tu.
3
U)
17
4
11.
:13:: 13:
23
Th. Fr.
5 C
13 IT
19 .30
26 27
Sa.
14
I 21
23
©I Full Moon. |
W , : May 5.
CLast Quarter
m ; ; May 12.
,— New Moon.
W ■■■ May 20.
■m First Quarter.
! JP, : May 2*.
Moon's Phase*.
3U
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point. Entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE.— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide is the same at both places.
MAY-ls;ts
— —^— — — — — ' ■ — —
Thursday. May 12.
Bnn lines 5:01
Sun sets T:10
Moon rises o'3o a. m.
lime Feet
IH W:
I • I
H W
Tlma I'M'.
L Wi
I
fi
4.5 1
H
3.3
1.(1 ;
1.0
6:1
«:i
L \
H W
T:32
8:11
6.4
5.5
! ,. 6.T
i 6.8
6.9
5.8
' 2:»
4:W
01
>;>
NOTE.— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide,
and the laat or right hand column glvee the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
thre* tides, aa sometimes occurs. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on th«
United States Coast Survey charts. «*«,,,,
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plan* o {
reference is the mean of th** lower low water*.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
Ban Francisco Entrance — California.
Office of United States Lighthouse Inspector,
Twelfth District, San Francisco, Cal.. May
Notice is hereby given that the Mil* Roc*
bell buoy Is not sounding. It will t- p Ut | n
order at the earliest date practicable.
This notice affects the List of Beacons and
Buoys. Pacific Coast. 1597. page 18. By order
! of the Lighthouse Board
« 'IARLES E. L. B. DAVIS.
Major. Corps of Engineers. IT. S. A., Inspector
Twelfth Lighthouse District.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographta
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange v
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit th«
office, where complete sets of charts and sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
llghtp, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
Th«- timeball on top of the building on Tel»
prnph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes befnr*
noon, and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mar*
Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the time ball wr.i
dropped on time or giving the error, if any, is
published the same day by the afternoon pa
pers and by the morning papers the following
day. J. T. McMILLAN.
Assistant in Charge.
STEAM EKS TO ARHIVB.
;in xuitieo
rizaba... ..
resceni City
Teson... ...... I
umona
.rcaia
raU-iWalla.... |
llceßlanchard
anator I
10mer....
I:icklnaw — . ]
leveland '. I
hllkat '.... ;
'itania ;
C0m0x.... '
HumDoldt .:.
Orescent CUt
Portland
San Dteiro....
Coos 8ar...... :...
Victoria & Puiret Sound . .
Seattle ..:..... i
I Pugrst Sound !
Huinbolcti _. '
Tacoma ;....... i
s»attif» i
Eel River
Nan;imio .
i Porti.ina
I ?an Diecro..
CMn;i am .Tanan
: Victoria & Putret Sna .
I HnmDoiai... ...
Alaska . ;
Cocper River  '
' Poruano. .. I
May 1]
May 18
May li
May
May 18
May 13
i May 14
| May H
May 15
I May 15
May 15
May 18
May M
May ii)
May i:
May IT
May i:
May 18
: May 13
May 19
May 1U
May 19
ommDi.'i \
nnt.i Rona — i
lorlc
hiiatiJla ... . j
rortn Forx — :
forsran City... !
'111am00k......
uite or C.ii '
003 Bar ..... |
: Newport
.1
Panama .... I
STKAMIiKJ TO SAIL.
Stkamku. : Dkstixatiov;
SAir.s.
hUkat.... HutnboMt....|
amoa .... i Humboldt I
tate of Cvi j Portland I
iortn Fork : Humboldt ...I
oos «ay.. j Newport :
rizaba.. •■ HumooKll — ;
.rcai.i •• ' Coos Bay.-...
LBlanonrdl Taauina Bay. I
'repon .... Portlan i j
onion*.... San Diero.. •
rail a Wlla ! Vie A. Vei Snd
■aracao . ■■ ; Mexico ....... |
iomer....- j Newport I
olurabla.. Portland. .... I
an Jose... Panama i
laripoHa.. 1 Sydney i
ant-» lioiM ■ *?:m Difgo .... I
I May )2. 2 pjl Pier i.i
I May 12. 10 ah Pier 2
I May 12. 10 a m Pier 1 i
I May 13. 9am ler i
May 13. it am Pier 11
May H. 10 AD Pier ..
May 14. 10 am Pier it
1 May U. 5 pm Plor 13
May 15. 10 am Pier 11
(May 15. 11 A* Pier II
May 16. 10 AM 1 Pier U
May 1«. 10 ami Pier 11
May IT. '.' ah Pier 11
May 18. 10 am Pl*»r 11
May 18. li MPM S3
May i\ 2pm Pier 7
May 19. 11 am Pier 11
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office, V. '8. N. f Mer
chants" Exchange. San Francisco, .May
11,1 838. - • -HftJKS**
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day — i. c.. at noon of th»
120 th meridian, or exactly 8 p. m.. Gr*-»nwlcn
time. J. T. McMILLAX,
■•Assistant in Charge
SHIPPI-\Ci INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, May 11.
Stmr Newsboy. Ellefsen, 20 hours frm L'sal.
Stmr Lakme, Anderson, 95 hours from Ta-
Stnir Bonita. Nicolson, 71 hours from San
j Stm'r Bay. Hall, 84 hours from New
i Chilkat, Dunham, 24 hours from Eu
"^Br" stmr Whltgift. Bowling, 51 days from
Cak-utta. via Mojl 26^ days.
! Schr Laura May, Hansen, 4 days from Wil
'a Schr Newark, Beck, 15 hours from Boweni
ton r" X Barbara Hernster, Jensen, 21 hourm
' fl Schr~La Glronde. Smith, *hi days frm Grays
HBrb ° r - CLEARED.
Wednesday, May 11.
Stmr State of California. Green, Astoria;
*Br ship Compton. Garriock, Portland, Bal
f0 Bark U Xo r r i fhe % rn C °L.ght. Whlteside. Kotzebu*
i Lurim^M^cLeod. Kahulul; Hawaiian
j Commercial and Sugar Co.
SAILED.
Wednesday, May 11.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, San Diego.
Stmr Laguna, Peterson.
Rtmr City of Puebla. Jepeen, Victoria and
Port Townsend.
Ship Eclipse. Peterson, Seattle.
Bark Snow and Burgess, Mortenaom, Puget
S °Bktn Eureka, Paulsen, Eureka.
Bohr Neptune. Estvold. Usal.
cc c hr Montewy. Beck. Bowens Landing.
Schr Coquelle. Pearson. Conullle River.
RETURNED.
Wednesday. May 11.
Schr Chas Hansen, Dannevisr, hence May 18
for Kotzebue Sound, returned to secure rig
ging and launch which was carried on deck.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— May 11. X p. m.— Weather
hazy; wind N ■■ • velocity 20 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Alden Besse loads mdse for Honolulu.
The Lord Ripon loads wheat at Tacoma for
Europe. 355; Trade Winds, wheat at Tacoma
or Portland for Europe. 36s 3d.
SPOKEN.
Apr J3— 3 N 29 W, Br bark Inverlyon, henc*
Jan 9 for Queenstown.
DISASTER.
May 11 at 8 a m. the stmr Modoc, while try
ing to dock at Folsom-street wharf No 1. col
lided with the schr John D Tallent lying on
the north side of Folsom No 2 alongside tha
bark Alex McNeil. The schooner's rail was
stove in on the port side and six stanchions
were started and the cathead was split. No
damage to the steamer.
MISCELLANEOUS..
Bark Northern Light, bound -to Kotzebus
Sound in tow of tug Sea Witch, whin off US
Barge Office, was hailed and stopped by tn«
IT S stmr Golden Gate from proceeding to sea
and a custom official put on board. .
V LONDON, May 11— Br ship Lord Wolseley.
previously reported. Is anchored at Deal ana
Is leaking a little. 11-Br sh.p KHmory. from
LONDON. May 11— Br ship KHmory. from
San Francisco Jan 26. at Aljroa Bay. drove
from her I anchor, drifted out to sea and has
not since been heard of. Had 600 tons of In
ward cargo on board and 250 tons of sand bal
laPt ' DOMESTIC PORTS.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE-Arrived May 11-Stmr^Valenol^
hence May 7: stmr Protection, from Cook*
YACrTAT BAT-Arrived Apr 21-Schr Alton.
fr REATTLS-Arrived May 11-Stmr Kavarro.
'™ ORT^TOWNSEND-Arrived May 11-Bchr
£f8& C p°EDR^-Ar n riv^ Pr May »-Schr Ethel
Z E^RE^A-^led a MaT«-Stmr Orizaba, for
May 10-6tmr Newsboy.
EoEING-Arrlved Apr 27-Shlp Hecka. he*
■^t^nT titc— Arrived prior to Apr 23— Stmr Ka
diak £■"£ ApV 10; ship St Nicholas, hence
MTATOOSH-PaßsedM TATOOSH-PaBsed May 10- Stmr Geo W
rifr from > Drea for Oregon. 11— Haw stmr
em Ma ten "from Comox for San Francisco.
GREENWOOD-- Arrived May 11-Str Whites-
May 10-
SC P h SIV C a HETI^-Pa dd M M a;- 11-Br stmr
point RETES-Passed May 11- Br stmr
WhitVif t. ' from Calcutta for . San Francisco.
! REKA-Arrived May 11-Schr John A, ha
M COOS BAT— Sailed May 11 at 1 p m— Stmr
Arrata ' for San Francisco.
ASTORIA-Arrived : May 11-Stmr Geo W
Trider from Dyea: stmr Columbia, hene May 9.
Sailed May 11— Stmr Oregon, for San Fran-
C EUREKA- Sailed May 11— Schr Fortuna, for
■~-n Francisco.- ■ _
NEWPORT— SaiIed May 11— Schr Lottie Car-
■ BOn ' . ' FOr.EIGN PORTS.
I AUCKLAND— Arrived May i Stmr Alame
da. hence Am- 21. .
. QUEENSTOWN— Arrived May 11— Br ship
Clt of Hankow, , from i Tacorr.a.
DUNKIRK— t May 11— Br ship Lord
Wolseley. ; from Tacoma. ;
■ LlZAßD— Passed May 10— Br ship Kelburh.
hence Jan 10 for .ueenstown. '- ' '
, LIVERPOOL— ved* May 10— Br ship Sier
ra Nevada, from -Tacoma. : ; : -: ?C* :s! &££? ff ' l £fcs
i YOKOHAMA— May 9— Haw itmr Al
tec, hence Apr 16. .; , • /
' i TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS. -
NEW YORK— : May 11— Stmr Fried
rich i der . Grosse,* from Bremen ; - stmr Majestic,
; from Liverpool. -- r >■•'.• ;■*"•"• .". - .. -
!*; Sailed May 11— Stmr Noordland. for Antwerp;
Btmr Britannic, for Liverpool. .'
v*? QUEENSTOWN— May 11— Stmr Aura
nla, 1 for New York. ; :-^*»lpste»M9ftß@HS l UJ'-^Effia
< MOVlLLE— Arrived May 11— Stmr Anchoria,
from New York. ;, .'.vl r -••>:■".• - : . :
■i CHERBOURG — : May Stmr Havel,
from •- New > York. •' '-:* - -U . I'lji iri^i ii» > amjmi(J
? - LIVERPOOL— V May > 11— Str Catalonia,
for Boston; stmr Nomadic,: for New York.
Arrived j May 11— 8tmr Teutonic, - from "» New
Sorter.. ■■?'•-.-;■ ;■„.■■■:' ■ . - - .IN THE REAL
ESTATE WORLD
The Market Is Gradually
Changing for the
Better.
A. M. Speck Makes the Larg
est Sale in Many
\ Months.
A Glances at the Records, Sales And
General Notes of Realty
Interest.
The record in real estate sales for the
past six months was broken by the firm
of A. M. Speck & Co., who disposed of the
property situated at 1130 and 1132 Market
and 25 Turk street by private sale yester
day afternoon for $150,000. The property
consists of a four-story brick building ex
tending twenty-live feet on Market street
and thirty-one on Turk. It was formerly
owned by ox-t.cnator Jeremiah Lynch,
and was bought in by i . F. Nolan. The
money paid for the building was Invested
In bonds, but the buyer withdrew it to in
vest in real estate. Mr. Nolan has not
yet determined what disposition to make
of the premises, but he thinks he has a
lessee who will take the entire lower
floor. ■ .
A slight improvement marked the gen
eral progress in the realty world during the
past week, and present indications point
favorably toward better times for the
future.
: The theory advanced for the stagnant
condition of the market for April was
that as long as war lasted and the coun
try was threatened with its attendant
dangers real estate must of necessity be
at a low ebb. Since open hostilities have
broken out, however, the opinion has
changed among the city brokers and
agents who are generally considered an
authority on all matters appertaining to
real estate and the solution of difficulties
that might agitate the market, either for
good or bad. They claim mat property
in this city and the interior will : not
decrease, and point to the slow but per
ceptible advance of the real estate cur
rent as proof or il.s assertion.
Building took a Might change for the
better and many contracts of consider
able size and importance were awarded
within tho past five or six days. i
in the interior the war scare Is gradu- ;
ally subsiding, and both building and In
The number of large £°rt?**f* **I
corded .luring the past week was unusu
conveyances were notably larger than
that recorded during almost tne entire
latter half of April.
REVIEW OK THE RECORDS.
During the week there were sixty-seven I
mortgages and trust deeds recorded, "nount
ing to 1283.&86. For the same period forty
live releases and reconveyances passed to rec
ord in the total sum »£ $157,990.
The principal mortgages and trust deeds
were as follows: .
By the German Savings and Loan Society to
Henri T. Emeric. »1u.,w0, for six months, at
7 per cent, on property in Western Addition,
blocK 83, on the south line or Gear}'. 100 feet
east of Franklin, east 97:6 by south U0; also
in the fifty-vara bloc.c 8. on the east line of
Front, £5:8 south of Washington, south ill by
oast 120, and in fifty-vara block 50, on south
west line of Sansome and Jackson, south 67:6
by west €2:6. By the Sigmund London, Paris
and American Bank, to Percy and Emillo S.
Beamish, 837,136 for one year at 7 per cent.
By E. B. Pond and H. C. Campbell or the San
Francisco Savings Union to Aloise Gless, (12,006
on property in 100 block 347, on the south
west line of First and Natoma, southeast 40
by southwest 60, and also In 100 block 356, on
the southeast line of Howard, 142:6 northeast
of Third, northeast 37:6 by southeast 80.
The principal releases and reconveyances
■were recorded as follows:
From the San Francisco Saving* Union to
Aloise Gless, $12,000 on property in 100 block
347, on the southwest line of First and Na
toma, southeast 40 by southwest 60, and also
In the 100 block 256 on the southeast line of
Howard, 142:8 northeast of Third, northeast
27:0 by southeast SO.
From the Italian-Swiss Money Loaning As
sociation to Petro C. Rossi, $10,000 on property
Is lifty-vara block 154 on the north line of
Union, 137:6 west of Powell, west 52 by north !
137:6; from the Humboldt Security and Loan i
aociety to Philip Fisher, $12,250 on property I
in fifty-vara block 74, on the east line of I
Kcarny, 59:8 north of gutter, north 20:6 by
east 40; from the German Savings and Loan
Society to John B. Wilson, $10,000 on property
in Western Addition, block 268, on the westerly
line of Buchanan, 31 feet south of Broadway !
south 34 by west 103:6: from the Hibernla Bank i
to Jacob Kosenthal, $10,500 on property in the
fifty-vara block 223, on the southwest line of
Post and William, west 50 by south 67:0. »
NEW BUILDING CONTRACTS.
Bush street, between Kearny and Dupont
known as the St. George Stable— All work for
repairs, etc., to a partly burned brick build
ing; owners, S. 11. Seymour and J. W Mur
phy; architect and contractor, William Little
Easterly line .of Webster street, easterly
thereon from southerly line of Post, east 23 by
same 89:6. all work except painting, concrete '
cement and mantels, for additions and altera- I
tions to frame building at a cost of $1418 owner
Mrs. Dora Dieckler, architect W. J. Cuthbert
-son, contractor IX Currie. 9
Steuart street, northeast line, 183:4 feet north
west of Mission, northwest 43:10 by northwest
137:6, excavations, pumping, expanded metal
curbing, concrete, sidewalks, cementing, etc j
for a three-story brick building, owner John !
F. Boyd, architects McDougall Bros., contrac- i
tor H. Stettin.
Northwest corner of Kearny and Morton !
etreets, householding, iron and sidewalk work
■tone cement work, etc., for alterations to a !
thre*;-story brick building at a cost of $4740
owner M. A. Gunst & Co., architects Her
mann & Swain, contractor James A. Wilson.
John Shirley has employed Architect C A.
Me'jss to prepare plans for a three-story build
ing on southwest corner of Jones and ' Jack
eon streets. The estimated cost of construc
tion is $20,000.
West line of Bartlett street, 136 feet south
of Twenty-third, two-story frame building and j
basement complete, to be constructed at a cost I
of $8750, owner Mrs. Rose Sparks, architect and
contractor H. R. Schmuckert.
RECENT SALES.
A number of Bales in cheap lots are reported '
by the real-estate firm of McCarthy & Co., and
are as follows: Lot 11, block 21, at Sunnyside- '
lots 21, 22 and 23, In block 21, . (Ingloside); . lota i
34 and S3, in block 10, in the Sunnvside district:
lot 9, situated on the corner or Halloway and !
Lee streets (tngleside); lot 6, block 38, Sunny
side; lot 36, in block 45, the same; lot 47, in
block 40, Sunnyside, a five- room cottage now in '
process of .construction thereon; lot 8, block
48, in the Sunnysido district; the disposal of a
four-room cottage was made at 114 Congo
■treet, Sunnyside, and another on Wheeler aye- i
nue, near Putnam street, Fruitvale; lot IS. !
block B, in the Fruitvale Terminal Tract; and !
a live-room house and lot on Wheeler avenue i
•Jao situated in the Fruitvale Terminal Tract. I
Burnhum & Walsh, real-estate ag-ents, . have
■old for Dr. E. L. Wemple to Henry Hollman
the lot 60x100 and improvements, on the north- ;
for l'7 >^no T of Kentucky and Twentieth streets, i
The firm has decided to change its present j
quarters from 628 Market street to 20 Mont*om- i
*,£.' »o» op alt tho Lick House, and - will . move i
S»2 i «c« c « lst of n2Xt June. A lease for the
ifiin » f flve J '* arß has been taken from Gold
remod Vd 8 ' and th ° bulMlD £ wl # "»« entirely j
T OUT OF TOWN.
.r«£ 9 . An ' PS ,- The Redondo Salt : Company is
ohinrrv* a , buU ' lln « and equipping: "it - with - ma
chinery at a cose of JIO.OOO
t J?£f riime to T II has been recommended by the
£tJ; L°f the , c hambtr. of Commerce that
tETtPr BUed t0 the am nt of $350,000 for
water mains, sewers and high school build
r a/ia /i n la v*°~^ new residence for Thomas
Dr™v wn,r 611 commenced on - the Reid
?iT^«Jh "ftJ II . CaWwe » is th « contractor.
it is reported that Ge<>n?p H Howard ha«
etlmson. executors of the estate of T n itlm
son owners, Reid Broth.™. SmfShpi"™'
architects, as follow*: Brick work 1 Sa^e?
& Arthur. $17,300; Iron heating. Newell Swer
& Arthur, $64C0; stoam heating, Ne we'll S
ers, ' $4403; - plumbing Thomas Havemr t% B B*
««ctrlc work, Woodtll & Hulse, 13900/ *^ '.
RANDOM NOTES.
. Contract* ■. hay« 3 been : let ' agßxeratin* ■ 117 000 !
t>y Ellen , K. PJfe for the erection of three
three-story frame buildings on the easterly line '■
ft UovtMdero < street, near Fulton ■ ■ !
- Fllnn & Treacy ; hare - received tho contract
to pave Market street, from Fifth to Sixth, on
their bid of JTIOO.
■%)ne of the most perfect and valuable real
estate guides that has been published in the
city has just been issued by the firm of A. M.
Speck & Co., and as a reference book for apecu
!al°J's ln city Property it is unequaled.
The hew Alhambra Theater On Eddy and
Jones streets is now well ln process or con
struction. The total cost of remodeling the
building la estimated at $25,000.
Th e City Improvement Company will repave
tourth street, from Market to Mission, for
$22t;0. The contract h«s been awarded.
Three two-story frame dwellings will W.
erected by Marcuse & Retnmpl on the west HDe
of Sixth avenue, north or California atreet, at
a cost of $9000.
Donnelly, Dun & Co. and Johnson & Brown
have leased the Bacon and Mandevllle Islands
near Stockton. The 11,000 acres of grazing
land on these islands will be devoted to the
pasturage of cattle.
On Match 3 last the Grove-street Theater and
adjoining property was cold at auction for
¥»0.000. The matter of confirmation will come
up before the Probate Court next Monday, the
9th ln«=t.
The eighth annual report of the 1U Dorado
Loan Arsociation shows that the atsets amount
te 5 U0. 262 93, of which the loans and real es
tate amount to $M,TO7 30. During the year
stock surrendered amounted to $19,472.
The foundations for the two gas receivers
for the Equitable Gaslight Company's plant at
the foot of Hyde strett have been completed,
as has also the wharf recently contracted for.
The brick work on the buildings Is progressing.
HERMANN'S SONS.
The Grand , Lodge Adopts Patriotic
Resolutions— Officers Who ,
Were Elected.
The first session of the twentieth con
vention of the Grand Lodge of the Ger
man order of Hermann's Sons was held
on Monday in Elvin Hall, Druids' build
ing, and was called to order by Grand
President W. Luedeke. Fifty delegates
answered the rollcall.
The reports of the grand officers, which
show that in the past year the order
made a net gain of lo.j members, increased
its. finances a. little over $4000 and added
two lodges — one at Nicolaus and a ladies'
auxiliary at Oakland— were referred to
committees. 'i ney were reported on fa
vorably and adopted.
During the afternoon the following was
adopted by a Unanimous vote:
Whereas, The Government qf the United
States Is waging a righteous and justifiable
war against the kingdom of Spain, to the end
that the Unnatural and inhuman barbarities
inflicted upon the people of Cuba shall cease,
and that retributive justice be done for the
cruel and cowardly destruction of the Maine,
and whereas, the Herrmann Sons of California,
a patriotic and liberty-loving fraternal organiz
ation, earnestly approves and heartily ap
plauds the course and conduct of this Govern
ment In the premises; and, whereas, maay
members of our order are members of the Na
tional Guard of California, and many others
will enlist in the navy and army of the United
States, therefore, be It _
Absolved, That we recommend all the sub
ordinate lodges in the jurisdiction of the Grand
Lodge be and they are hereby authorized to
keep and maintain in good financial standing
in their lodges during active service in said
war all such members as were not In arrears
at the date of enlistment in the service of
their country. .
At the session of the Grand Lodge on
Tuesday the following officers were elected
to serve until the next session, which will
be held in Napa:
Past grand president, W. Luedeke;
grand president. E. Brugge; grand vice
president, Charles Trautner; grand sec
retary, P. N. E.Lampe; grand treasurer,
Gut'.af Guenther; grand trustees— J. Jahn,
H. Haar and William Conn: grand guide,
F. Eggerling: grand inside watchman. L.
Hucke; grand outside watchman, F. Mar
tin; finance committee — Brune, P.
Krueckel and C. Leidecker, the latter
named having acted as press committee
during the session.
The ladles' branch of the order was
authorized to admit as members ladies
who ate not related to members of the
parent order. . ■
In the evening there was a grand ban
quet, at which there were present a large
number of ladies as well as gentlemen.
WRITTEN BEFORE
DEWEY'S VICTORY
Letter^ From One of the Boys
On the U. S. Flagship
Olympia.
Eager to Meet the Spanish and Pre
dicting That Which Has
Since Happened.
Since the wonderful battle in Manila
Bay has been fought everything pertain
ing to it has a peculiar interest. The men,
who caught the spirit of the intrepid
Dewey, and aided him in securing one
of the greatest victories ever achieved,
assume a new importance. They were
part of the force upholding the honor of
the American flag.
A recent letter from one of the crew of
the Olympia, received in this cfty, reads,
in the light of events, much like a proph
ecy fulfilled. And for all the letter treats
of the serious business of war, it shows
throughout a spirit of absolute unconcern.
There" is not the slightest fear but that
war will bring honor. The writer refers
blithely to good time* had in San Fran
cisco, and the hope of good times to come.
The assurance he had of being able to
beat the Spanish, the desire for an op
portunity were characteristic of all the
men under Dewey. The letter was writ
ten under date of April 9. After allud
ing to old San Francisco days, the writer
Bays:
I expected to be back there by this time, but
the trouble with the Spanish has kept us here,
an'l we are expected to go Into battle at a
I moment's notice. If we do you will hear a
good account of us, as the boys are all eager
to avenge ths deaths of our shipmates of the
■ Maine. There Will not be anything but Span-
I i«h spoken in hell for ten years if we get at
j them.
If we do have war I want you to pay strict
| attention to the cablegrams and you will hear
of one of the greatest battles of modern war
: fare, as our fleet and that of the Spanish out
'■ here are evenly matched. But I do not think
I it will last long, as all of cur boys are good
i thnts and are ptandtng by ready for the word
\ which will commit the Spanish to their doom
forever. If it is settled end peace restored
! we will spend the glorious Fourth of July in
i San Francicco.
Here the writer began to plan the good
limes that were sure to come then. He
dismissed the thought of war; a devil
may-care lad ready for a fight or frolic;
the material which makes the personnel
of the navy as much a part of its strength
as the plate which fortifies its battleships.
Now that the battle has been fought,
and the boys on the Olympia did more
than could possibly have been expected
of them, another letter from the same
writrr would be read with zest renewed
Probably he would remark that the Span
ish had been licked, and then go on lay
ing plans to paint the town a modest hue
of red; for of such is the navy of Uncle
Sam.
Feared Huntingdon Might Leave.
A meeting of the Rnilroad Commis
sioners was held in their rooms yesterday
afternoon with President La Rue in the !
chair and all three members present. The
president and secretary of the Southern '
Pacific Company and those of the leased
lines of the c ->oration had been sub- j
penaed to appear before the commission,
but on account of the Investigation of
grain rates in the United States Circuit
Court the matter was put over till Mon
day, the lfith inst., at 1 o'clock, and on
that day Huntington will again be placed
on the rack if he has not left the city
before that time.
The only other matter that came up
was the filing of an amended complaint
by George W. Mor.teith in th« name of
John R. Robinson against the Southern
Pacific Company and others. The com
plaint does not differ materially from the
old one except that another corporation
or two has been added to the defendants.
An affidavit was also filed by Robinson,
stating that it was his. belief that Collis, I
who hau been subpenaed in the Robinson
case would leave the city before the time
limit of fifteen days allowed him to an
swer the subpena, and application was
made to have the limit reduced. It was
accordingly* ordered that the railroad j
magnate answer to this summons at the :
same time as the one of the commission, !
wmch will accordingly be on Monday at 1 j
o'clock.
Banqueted at Woodland.
"WOODLAND, May 11.— Grand President |
Mrs. Belle W. Conrad made an official !
vi3it to Woodland Parlor, Natlv* Daugh- i
tera of the Golden Weßt, last evening, j
An election was held, at which Miss
Hattie Lee and Mrs. H. E. Coll were bo
lected ax delegates to the Grand Parlor,
which will meet In this city In June>
After tha meeting the grand president
wu entertained at a banquet.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 12, 1898.
DREAMS OF GOLD
MILES OF GOLD
A Californian's Hopeful
Clutch at a Klondike
Bonanza.
Robert Anderson Expects to
Make $16,000,000 by Hy
draulic Mining.
Secures a Twenty- Year Government
Lease of Part of Hunker
Creek.
"Rich beyond the dreams of avarice."
Such is the expectation of Robert Ander
son, a well-known California mining man
; of wide and varied experience, who claims
1 to have secured a bonanza in the Klon
dike gold fields.
Mr. Anderson came directly to San
I Francisco in 1»74, and has ever since Ween
I engaged in mining in California and else
; where. In June last Mr. Anderson went !
'to the Klondike, and found that the :
' lower five miles of Hunker Creek had not i
: been taken up by the miners, on account
i of the stream being so wide arul "Hat." j
I He immediately made a proposition to j
Gold Commissioner Fawsett that if he
could obtain a twenty-yoar lease of
three miles of the vacant creek he would,
i through his connections in London, put
'■ up $250,000 and demonstrate thut hydraulic
I mining is practicable in the Yukon coun
try. As the ground was bringing the Gov- j
ernment nothing, the Commissioner rf <•(<:«- ;
| mended the granting of the lease. Hur
rledly going to Ottawa, Mr. Ander»on i
; had but little difficulty in obtaining the
desired lease from the Government, it
being granted by order of the Council.
Crossing over to London, he formed a I
large company, under the name of the I
I Klondike Government Concession, Limited. ■,
!of Hunker Creek, and easily induced
i several wealthy noblemen and prominent
capitalists to invest in the efiterpfiiie.
i The company was capitalized at $2,500,000. j
I and the stock was ail taken. The sum of ,
! $250.0*10. was at once put up as working ;
1 capital. Mr. Anderson came to San Fran
dti i a f'-w lUiys ago to engage an ex
| perienced mining engineer and to make
: preliminary «rran«wnents for the con
i struction of machinery, which will be
; shipped to Dawson Rt the opening of
nnvlgation on the Yukon next year, 'mis
sslon. by the way. is the first and
only one of tlk kind that has been grant
i cd. The Government, of course, will re
oeive the usual royalty.
Hunker Creek, where it is covered by
j this concession, is about 2i\X) feet wide. and
I it is estimated that it will pay not less
than $1000 per running foot, making a total
|of nearly $16,000,000. The property haa i
i been favorably reported on by three cx
i perts. after a careful Investigation. It
I extends from Last Chance Creek to
' the junction of the Hunker and the Klon
j dike, and is about thirteen mile 3 from
i Dawson.
"There is no reason why hydraulic min
ing should not prove a success in the
' Yukon country, said Mr. Anderson.
"Thore has been successful hydraulic
mining in Siberia for years. The condi
tions in the Klondike region are the same.
The ground has been frozen for apes. The
only trouble is clearing off the moss. The |
I introduction of hydraulic mining will
Work a revolution in the methods now
employed, and will produce wonderful and j
quick results. There is no place in the |
world whore there is as good a show to j
make money witfc capital as In the Klon- I
dike gold fields. The jrold that I saw there j
exceeded my wildest dreams. I don't earo
to tell what my expectations are, as peo- f
pie might not believe me. However, I I
am free to say that that chance trip to |
Dawson has made me a millionaire — how
i many times a millionaire I don't know
yet.
"For a practical miner there is no better
place than the Klondike. I have been in j
far morr> inhospitable countries in my i
time. The region Is healthy. All the !
country needs is transportation facilities. !
and thot It is bound to have at no dtetant i
day. Many people go to th* Klondike who '
I have no business to pro there, and meet j
! with failure and death."
Mr. Anderson, who has been staying at
i the Palace Hotel, left last evening for
Pawsnn via Seattle, accompanied by his
engineer. They will spend the summer in
i planning the work that is to be done next
year.
EMBEZZLEMENT CHARGED.
Jule 0. Gamage. Collection Agent,
Arrested on Complaint of M.
Meyerholf, Grocer.
Jule C.Garaage, manager of Hardlng's
1 Law and Collection Agency, was arrested
j yesterday afternoon on a warrant charg
ing him with felony embezzlement. The
: complaining witness js M. Meyerhoff gro
1 cer, Mason and Geary streets, it is al
! leged that Gamage got a bill from Meyer
hoff to collect from - Mrs. Marceau
amounting to $740. The money was col
lected, but as Gamage was slow in hand
ing it over suit was entered in the Supe
, rior Court and judgment obtained against
, him. Not being able to recover on the
Judgment it was decided to institute crim
i inal proceedings. Attorneys Lane &
I Lane represent the complaining witness
:■'■■ ■ ♦ ■ ■* ' - ; - ,.;.-, .'■■
Young Dare ia Cuba,
! A dispatch from Starr Dare, the son of
, John T. Dare, the United States Ap- !
i praiser in this city, from Tampa, dated '
May 10, Informed his parents that his
company— B3 of the First United States j
< Infantry— with Company G of the same !
regiment, had been selected as the escort |
of the transport Gussle, which was loaded
j with 75,000 stand of arms and 200,000
' rounds of ammunition for Cuba, was
| about to sail. Since that time the arrival
■ of the Gussie in Cuba has been tele- j
I graphed. Thus it is that one of San
' Francisco's native sons was among the
I first American soldiers to Ret foot on
i Cuban soil. Young Starr Dare has shown
' the grit of a true Californian by enlisting
, in the regular army when his country •
needed men to do its fighting.
• m • ,—, —
Two SmrJl Failures.
M. J. Welch, a clerk, has failed for
I $2489.
Rebecca Abraham is-nnable to pay out
■tending bills amounting to $2543 and has i
petitioned the Superior Court to be de
clared an Insolvent debtor.
» ■ 1
Berkeley News Items.
BERKELEY, May 11.— H. 8. Symmcs i
] of the class of '99 has been chosen j
: editor-in-chief of the University of Cali- '
' fornia magazine for the ensuing year.
The appointment of associate editors will
| be made later.
Professor John Fryer of the department
Oriental languages left yesterday on
the steamer Gaelic for China. He was
accompanied by Mr. Lymon, a graduate
of Stanford, who goes out as instructor in
I charge of the Shanghai Polytechnic Instl
| tute. Professor Fryer will return in time
for the opening of the next college year.
The senior, ball will take plaoe to-mor
row evening in the Harmon gymnasium
W. L. Jepson, instructor in the botany
i department of the University of Califor
nia, was given a public examination to
day by a committee appointed by the
j Graduate Council and the faculty of
I natural sciences for the degree of Ph D
| Mr. Jepson graduated in 18S9 with the de
i gree of Ph. B. For some years he has
| been editor of "Erythea," a magazine de- !
i voted to the interests of botany upon the i
! Pacific Coast.
Oakland News Items.
I OAKLAND, May 11.— A building is being !
j erected in the rear of the Hoard of
Health office, to be used as a bacteriologi
i cal laboratory. Some of the apparatus re
j cently purchased by the city has arrived
Dr. George L. Eaton, a member of the
I Board of Health, and Miss Helen Morley
i of 1426 Sixth avenue, were married to
1 night at the bride's home. Rev. Mr
Brownhizel of San Jose, a relative of
i the bride, officiated.
The Fire Commissioners to-day passed
a resolution similar to that passed by the '
Police Commissioners, providing for the
positions of all firemen who may enlist
as volunteers on their return after the
war.
MARRIED IN THE MISSION.
HENRY PETERS, a prominent
grocer of this city, and Miss
Alice Felling, daughter of the
well-known commission mer
chant, were united in marriage
in St. Paul's Lutheran Church at high
noon yesterday by the Ilev. Mr. Bueh
ler.
The Bacred edifice was tastefully dec
orated for the occasion and was crowd
ed with friends of both families.
Preceded by Miss Martha Mohldick
and Georgie E. Bates, who strewed
flowers in their path, the young couple
GUSTAV WALTER
LAID TO REST
Friends Look Upon the Face
of the Dead as It Lay
in State.
Ther« May Be a Contest Over the
Valuable Estate of tho
Deceased.
The body of the late Gustav "Walter,
founder of the Orpheum, who was known
in the histrionic world from here to the
Antipodes, was yesterday laid in the
tomb. At 11 a. m. the remains were re
moved from the undertaking parlors on
Washington street to B'nal B'rith Hall
and there they lay in state until 1 o'clock
in the afternoon. The funeral cortege
was then formed and wended itß way to
Odd Fellows' Cemetery, where the body
was placed in a receiving vault. It will
remain there until a family vault has
been constructed.
The funeral was simple and unostenta
tious. There was no sneaking, no frieriu
told the story of the dead man's life and
its accompanying usefulness, but it mat
tered not to the host ut friends who
mourned his loss. Hundreds of peop:e
looked upon the face of the dead
while it lay in state and many followed
the body to its resting place. A band,
playing the solemn dead march, lea the
cortege to the cemetery. There, as at
the hall, Rev. Dr. Wilson recited a prayer
and the body was closed in the tomb.
It is estimated that the estate left by
the deceased is worth in the neighborhood
of $500 000. and there promises to be a
contest over its disposition. For sixteen
years prior to his death Mr. Walter did
hot live with his wife, and for several
years past the deceased was Intimately
associated with a Mrs. Sterritt. which
facts may bring about litigation. Mrs.
Sterritt may file a claim against the
estate, but the widow will vigorously con
test any unreasonable claim on her part.
If no will is found Mrs. Walter will claim
one-half of the estate, and the remainder
will be divided among the collateral
heirs.
BATE WAX PROSPECT.
Figures May be Cve — A New Road in
Tuolumne.
Affairs were never as quiet In railroad
circles as at the present time, and it
Mould appear that the vtort* of Collis P.
i Huntington has had a soothing- effect, and
tbat after he leaves h^ro, should he sur
! vlve the wordy onslaughts of the Rail
| road Commission, things will become
! lively again. Thore is one thing that
might have a tendency to liven up mat
ters and that is the prospnet of a rate
: war between the Canadian Pacific and the
j Southern Pacific. This might be preci
pitated by the action of the Freight Traffic
I Bureau meeting in Milwaukee, although
i the question will not be handled by that
body in executive session, as it is entirely
out of .their province, they being con
cerned With freight rates only. However,
there will be a number or officers of the
transcontinental lines present at that
meeting, and no dcubt they will take up
the matt<r at a private session, and the
! cut in passenger rates mnd.-- l.v the
Canadian will be met in some way by
' the S P. Company. Nothing ts yet deu
nitely known except that such a course
is intended.
A new railroad is in course of construc
tion in this State to be known as the
Stockton and Tuolumne County Railroad.
■ It will be sixty miles long and run from
Stockton through <-onperopolis, Angers
Camp and Sonora, the terminal point be
ing at Summerville. It will tap a large
i and prosperous grain growinsr section and
I the leading mines of the mother lode in
'• Tuolumno County. There are vast amounts
j of rebellious ores in that section that can
1 not be profitably worked there, and it
I costs too much to bring them to this city.
' The company intend preoting two smelt-
I erß at Stockton, so that the importance of
' the venture may be appreciated. Surveys
have, reached Copperopolis. and as there
are rails and ties for twelve miles of
track on the ground, the road will be
pushed to a rapid completion.
The entire system of the San Fran
cisco nnd San .Toa'iuin Valley Railroad
between P.akersfleld and Stockton Is ex
pected to be in active operation by June 1.
Census of School Children.
School Census Marshal Maher has fin
ished his work for this year. The result
shows a total of 76,236 children of both
sexes between the ages of five and 17
years, a gain of 1396 over last year, and
j 21.855 under five years of age, a loss of
! ISII. The census shows the following in
teresting statistics: White boys, 37,217;
white girls, 36,905; colored boys. 218; col
ored girls, 150; Chinese boys, 931; Chinese
girls, 815. Children under 5 years, white.
21.360; negro, 91: Chlneee, 404. Nativity of
children: Native born, 95,321; foreign
j born. 2770.
Beet Pulp for Cattle.
There was an interesting session of the
Farmers' Institute at Mechanics' Insti
tute on Tuesday. The prinicpal subject
discussed was the beet sugar industry-
Pro feseor Hilgard was ill, but Professors
Loughridge and Jaffa discussed the sub
ject. They showed that the pulp of the
sugar beet is very valuable for food for
cattle, as it contains a large proportion
of fat producing substance. It is best to
mix it with alfalfa. These addresses were
folio-wed by that of Isidor Jacobs on Cali
fornia product*
| marched to the altar to the sweet
I strains of a wedding march and the tm-
I pressive ceremony was concluded. Her-
I man Peters, a brother of the groom,
| acted as best man, and Miss Stella
Wade acted as bridesmaid. The ush
ers wore William and Arthur Felling.
Air. Purdy's sweet voice was heard
j to excellent advantage before and after
the ceremony.
The newly wedded pair will spend a
short honeymoon at some resort, -which
i is kept a profound secret, and will, on
! their return, take up their residence in
i this city.
FOR EXTORTING
NEVILLS` COIN
The Fresno Scandal Will Have
an Airing in the Police
Court This Morning.
Myron H. Azhdaerlsn, Mrs. Eisie Wil
liams and Her Sister Locked Up
in th« City Prison.
The Nevillß-Williams-Azhdaerian lm
brogolio has been temporarily transferred
from Fresno to this city, and this morn
ing in Judge Joachimsen's court both
sides will have an opportunity of telling
their stories to the world.
Yesterday morning Mrs. Elsie Williams,
Mrs. Gra«'e Loose, her sister, and Myron
H. Azhdaerian were brought from Fresno
to the City Prison by Deputy Sheriff Tim
mins and booked on charges of felony
extortion. The complaining witness is
Captain W. A. Nevills, the mining mil
lionaire of Jamestown, Tuolumne County.
The specific charge on which the de
fendants were arrested Is for extorting
$2000 from the complaining witness on
February 25 last while he was sick with
grip at the Palace Hotel by threatening
to deliver to Nevills' wife certain letters
which he had written to Mrs. Williams,
showing that illicit relations had existed
between them.
The defendants were arraigned In Judge
Joachimsen's court yesterday morning.
They were represented by ex-Judge Fer
ral and Attorney W. H. Payson. Ferral
said that he was ready to proceed, but
after consultation with Private Detective
Curtin, Prosecuting Attorney Graham
asked for a continuance till this morning
at 11 o'clock, which was granted.
Ferral then asked that the defendants
be released on bonds accepted by the Su
perior Judge at Fresno, but the Judge
declined to accept them, as he did not
know the sureties. Ferral thereupon
urged that the bonds of $5000 should be
reduced, as the amount was excessive,
but no action was taken, and the defen
dants were sent back to prison.
Arhdaerian constituted himself the
spokesman for the trio. He said that
Neville had been "stringing on" Mrs. Wil
liams with the objert of getting a divorce
from his wife and marrying her. With re
gard to the charge Azhdaerian said that
it was untrue. Nevills had sent Mrs.
Newcomb, a friend, to Fresno, to bring
Mrs Williams to the Palace Hotel to see
him They came to the city, and he ac
companied them, as Novllls wanted to see
him about a house he was building for
him Mrs. Williams got the check from
Nevills and cashed it at the Wells-Fargo
Bank The money was paid to Mrs. Wil
liams in accordance with a promise by
Nevills that he would pay her debts and
make her comfortable. On the same
promise he gave her later an order for
some securities In Freßno.
In the afternoon Mrs. Williams was
taken to the District Attorney's office,
where Captain Nevills and his wife were
waiting for her. She was kept there for
about half an hour, and when she came
out to go back to the prison she was in
tears and became hysterical in her cell in
the prison. _
There are now four times as many wire
nails made as cut nails.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
AMERICAN and
RED STAR LINES.
•NEW YORK. QUEENSTOWN, SOUTHAMP-
TON.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. ANTWERP.
Steamers sail under Belgian or British Flaps.
Noordland May 11 Southwark May 25
Frtesland May M 'Chester May 28
PHILADELPHIA, QI'EENSTOWN, LIVER-
POOL.
Steamers sail under Belgian Flag.
Belgenland May 14 Pennland May Jl
EMPIRE~LINE.
TO ALASKA AND^THE GOLDFIELDS.
Steamers formerly employed in trans-Atlantic
■services of the International Navigation Com-
pany and ppeciallr for this aerviee.
S S Ohio, 3500 tons, from Seattle, June 15.
S S Indiana, 3500 tons, from Seattle, June 22.
3. S. Pennsylvania, 8600 tons, from Seattle.
Connecting with the company's own fleet of
IS new and modern steamers and barges on the
Yukon River, throuKh to Dawson City and
Intermediate points.
For passage and freight apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery St.
Or any of Its Agencies.
Compagnie Generals Transatlanf ique.
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new), 42 North
River, foot of Morton at. Travelers
by this line avoid both transit by ■•uKUSfamt
Englieh railway and the discomfort at crossing
the channel In a small boat. New York to
Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first-class, $160;
second-class, JIIC.
LA TOfRAINE May 14, 10 a. m.
LA GASCOGNE May 21, 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE May 23. 10 a. m.
LA BOURGOGNE June 4. 10 a. tn.
LA TOURAINE June 11. 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALS TRANSATLAN-
TIC^' E. Agent.
No. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 3 Montgomery
aye.. Ban Francisco.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Annual Sales 0ver 6,000,000 Boxes
' fiL. Hm IHTT ffll WJpCT
FOE BILIOUS M) NEEVOUB DISORDERS
such as "Wind and Pain in the Stomach. ,
: Giddiness. Fulness ; after , meals. Head-
- ache. V Dizziness. Drowsiness. ; Flushincs ;
of Heat, Loss of Appetite. Costiveness.
, Blotches on . the Skin. * Cold Chills. Dis-
turbed Sleep. Frightful Dreams and all
Nervous and Tromblins Sensations.
. ; THE : FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE BELIEF '
IN TWENTY MINUTES. : Every sufferer
•Will acknowledge thorn to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE,
BEECIIAM'9 P11.1.5, taken as direct-
ed, will quickly restore Females to com- .
plete health. ' They promptly remove
obstructions or irregularities of the sys-
tem and cure sick Headache. For a
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion :
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
. -<:: And hays the" :
. LARGEST SALE
of any Patent .Medicine in lie World.
25c at all Drug Stores,
y^V l)r. Gibbon's Dispensary,
laaM <>:£'l MKAKXY ST. Established
KW« l st <Ma ip 1.V54 for the treatment of I'Wvate
SI r>yis»»»»l lJlseiis«-s, Lost Manhood. Debility or
** ■'VsSßHß'liSHapoveariiigoii hiKiy»ndinli>dand
s^^WJf«^ skin Idseases. rhetloctorciireawiien
MTiimffiMß""""'^' 1 - Try him. Charges low
- ttfuSssiiziESta <'«re»Kiiars4ii»{»»'sl. Call or writ ft.
*»v. .1. F. <'[B IOS. Itos l»s?.Sp.n 1-Var.clw<v
OCSAW TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.E
V^ Steamers leave .Broadway
iiWMjp-^ wharf, San Frnnclsco.
1 »iw3»Sfck. ** or Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
! BB^wSSßfc May l > 6 - "• 16 - 21 26 31 June
i lInL SnfiY&ll "' transter at Seattle.
!l S^&^*i \\4 F'-rF '- r Alaskan • ports (from
l! fiHtkaM^li Folsom-street wharf), 10 a. m.,
i, MimsJHgK May 18. June I, £6. July 17.
August 4, 25, transfer at Port-
■ . land, Or. • ■
I For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C), Port Towns-
end Seattle Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New Whatcom (Wash.). 10 a. m.. May 1. 6,
II 16, 21, 28, 31, June 5, and every fifth day
thereafter, connecting at Seattle with this com-
pany's kteamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.. at
Tacoma with N. P. Ry., at Vancouver with
C P. Rv. ■■
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 10 a. m..
May 2, 8, 14. 20, 26, June 1, and every sixth
day thereafter. . '_ -
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Slraeon.
Cftiucos Port Harford (San Luis Gjispo>.
GRv-lota, Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hiieneme,
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. May 1, 5, 8, 13, 17. 21, 25. 29,
June 2, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only fit Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11
a. m.. May 3, 7. 11, 15, 19, 23, 27. 31. June 4.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and " Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. May 12,
June 10, and 2d of each month thereafter.
■ For further information obtain folder.
The ¥ company reserves the right - tr> change
without previous notice steamers. Balling dates
and hours of sailing. ;
TICKKT OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
etreet (Palace Hotel). v
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agts.,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
V^ ft SEATTLE
fBl m mm Direct.
f*™s^ip|f|| Th« New Fast and Elegant
'■■ - SENATOR, ■;.-.*"■■'.
Carrying Freight and Passengers, - ~
Will Leave Broadway Wharf, San Francisco,
TUESDAY. MAT 17, at 10 A. M. -
Ticket Office 4 New Montgomery street.
GOODALL, PERKINS" & CO., Gen, Agts.,
10 Market street, San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. 00.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
'; From Folsom-street , Wharf at 10 a. m.
PACE $*2 First Class Including Bert*
innt §S Second Class and Meals.
- SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS: '
0reg0n..........'.:........-.. .;:..May 6. 16, 24
C01umbia....... ..May 9. 18, 27
State of California........ .May 12, 21, 30
Through Tickets and Through Baggage to all
Eastern Points. Rates and Folders „ Upon Ap-
plication to
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market st. !
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., •
■ Superintendents.-
fBBBfIB&GEjP The S. S. MARIPOSA
3wlsKvßL sa " s vla Honolulu and
•t*™ 3B "" Auckland for Sydney
y™^. —^ Wednesday, May IS, at
'•Nt^Hl^hin) 2 p. B. ZEALANDIA,
Q)lMlllJlll^- ; for - HONOLULU only.
C)lM3ilUiU r ' v/ for HONOLULU only.
/RffißflOLJ-* Wednesday, June 1, 2
VsllipUllpr p. m. Special party
rates. ■
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPB
TOWN, South Africa. , -
3 D SPP.ECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents,
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office— Market st., San Francisco.
DIRECT TO PARIS, LONDON. HAMBURG.
F. Bismarck June 2 F.: Bismarck.... June 30
A ■.Victoria..... 16 F. Bismarck.... 28
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER ' SERVICE, -
NEW YORK-HAMBURG ' DIRECT. '
Palatia May 211 Patr1a;....'...;:.. June 4
Pretoria May 2S 'Phoenicia.... ..June 11
Hamburg-American Line, 3. Broadway, Is. Y.
HERZOG & CO., General Agents Pacific Coast.
401 California Bt.,eor..Sansome, San Francisco.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello"
Mon.. Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat
9:45 a, m., 8:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thur»->
Fridays 1 P. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and Offices— Mission Dock. Pier 8.
Telephone. Red 2241.
FOR SAN JOSE. LQSGATOSand SANTA CRUZ I
Steamer Alviso leaves Pier 1 daily (Sundays
excepted) at 10 a. m. ; Alviso daily (Suturdays
excepted) at 6 p. m. Freight and passengers.
Fare between San Francisco and Alviso. 50c;
to San Jose, 75c. Clay street. Pier 1. 41 Norta
First street. San Jose.
HALLBOAD TBAVEL.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUiM
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 10. 1837, trains wUI run aa
follows:
South-bound. North-bovnd.
Passen- Mixed Mixed Passen-
ger Sunday Sta- Sunday ger
Daily. Excep'd. tlon3. Excep'd. Daily.
7:2oam 9:00 am Stockton 3:45 pm 5:40 pm
8:10 am 12:50 pm Merced 12:00 pm 3:53 pm
10:40 am 3:50 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:20 pro
11:40 am 5:20 pm Hanford 9:45 am 1:15 pm
12:15 pm 6:45 pm Visalla 6:40 am 12:40 pm
Stopping at intermediate points when re-
quired.
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
C. N. Sc I. Co., leaving San Frs.nclsco and
Stockton at 6 p. m. daily; at Merced with
stages to and from Snelllngß, Coulterville. etc.;
also with stage for Hornitos, Mariposa. etc.;
at Lankershim with stage to and from Madera.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sausalito Perry.
From San Francisco, commencing Hay L 1898.
W-EK DAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Kafael— 7:oo, *%:Vi,
•9:30, 11:00 a. m.; HUB, 3:20, 4:00. 6:15, *6:00.
6:30 p. ni.
Extra, trips for San Rafael on Mondays,
Wednesdays. Saturdays and Sundays at 11:30
p. m.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Raf ael— »S :00, »9:00,
•10:00, 11:00. 11:30 a. m.; 1:00. "1:45, »2:30. •4:00,
6:30, 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael.
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Valley.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
8:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
6:16 p. m. week days (Sat. ex.)— Tomales and
way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way stations.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way Eta's,
AUCTION SALES.
ELEGANT FURNITURE.
THIS DAY (THURSDAY), at 11 a. m.
631 POST ' STREET, NEAR JONES.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD, 602 Market mt.
ELEGANT FURNITURE.
THIS DAY (THURSDAY), at 2 p. m.
259 TURK STREET, NEAR LEAVENWORTH.
FRANK W. BUTTEKFIKLD. 602 Market Bt. .
BAILROAD TBAVEIi.
MUTiir.ll> I-At'IFK" 10J1P.4.M.
4 . . ; .ji (PACIFIC BVSTK.M.)
rrnlai ■«!»*« »ml nroilne lo arrive at
MAN riIANVINi'O.
: (Main Line, Foot of Market Street) \
■ C.B/.VB - — , From April 38. 1898. — abbit»
•0:00 a Niles. San Jose and Way Stations... »8:45a c
- ?>OOa Benida, Suisun and Sacramento.... 10:45 a
?:V«a M»r;BTtlle, OroTiUe»ud lledding tta - . ; '
Woodland :. 5:45p
7:OO\ Vacarille and Rumaey. .•.......<... 8:45p
7:8Oa Martinez, gauKuraon, Vallejo, Napa,
Callstpga anil Santa K05a......... 0:13p
8:00 a Atlantic Express, Ogilen and East.. Bi-ISp
- MiSOa Nlle.l, San .loss, .itncktou, lone,
' Sacramento, Marj-»? % :ile, Chico, . -
Tchama and ltr.l lllnff •iilOr
•8: SO a Fetors.- Mi1t,,... . fck.Ule (Jamestown
for Yoseniite)..... •7slB*
9iOOa Now Orleaus i;xiir««i, Merced, Fres-
no, BakenitleM, BanU ltarl>ara,
;. (•OS Anit«ies, JJeiuing. Xl l'asu.
■ New Orleans and Kaat 6i45p
10:00 a Vallejo, Martinez and Way Station* 7i45h
•liOOr Sacrammito lUtct tjt««in«-r» 'OiOOp
. l:OOr Niles. San Jose and Way Stations.. ••i4»a
.; ..... Ban Jobo, Niles and Way Station*... JUjISa
B:«ap Livennore, MeDdota, Hanford and . • •■■(
Visalla 4jlSp
'- ....... 1.1 rerun, to, San Jose, Niles and Way
•V~ 6Mti089...*,......»t < J'OilSa
....... Fresno, Merced, Martinez, V»lle jo.. 12:15r
4tUUp Murtin-v, Km JUiitOit, V»!l.-J,>.
• Napa,' (tetiatoga, Hi Vorauo and
.Saiitu Itiian »il«*
4ioop Benioia, VacaTille, Woodland.
. ' N '- Knights I ling. MarysTille, Oro- -
.- Title and Hacntmaiito...' 10:45 a
4:Bf»p Niles. San Jng«, Tracy and Stockton .. 7:I* I '
4tßop Stockton, Oakdale, Merced..*. l!i:lop
. 4:3«pOastleandLodi .;...-.......' ISUISp
- 4:30p Lathrop, Modesto. Merced. Berertda
■ .'- (Raymond for Yosemita),' Fresno,
Moj*ve, Santa Itarbara and !.oa '
Ange1e5.......,.........."......... 7i43a
•iii:op Santa I'd Jtoute, Atlantlo Kxpreus
forß!oja»e and Ka5t....... «:4Bp ;
«:OOpKnr»peai» Mail. Ogdeti and Kaat.... 9t4l>A
•«i«Mti-VslleJu. .. ;.»,••• .........".'-. ...... f lBtlOf
6:iM»i- IliiynnrilH. NUtamwt San Jose 7:4Sa
17:00p Vallejo, Port OosU and Way Sta-
tions . ■....', J»:4»F
8:OOr Oregou K.tiirvHS,Hauruiiieiito, Marys-
vii: ■■, Itr.l.ilug, Portland, Tuget
Huiind ami Kast >.* MS*
' AN Lr.A.Ny" O AM) HA tH Alt IKS LOCAIi.
■ ■-■■-.-■ (Foot of Market Street.)
-V - ■■ .•.-.• ; ". ■ .'- - ( 7tlsA
8:00 a Helroiie, Seminary Park, *! 9t i5 A
lO.'ottA Tltchhur^Klmhunt, i/jts*
<l 1:00 a Shu li«nn.lro, South San 18:l3p.-
lt * .*°* i Le , ndro> E.tudlll., gltS?
iij:'6«p y Loreuio, Cherry ■ t4«4»p
4.00P <S:4sp
0:00p aa(l 6ilsp
5«80p Howards. i=«f
"7:»0p v-L; Bi4sr
8:00p < Runs through to Nile*. Wt^l
tf:OOp ( T.rom Kiiea 1O:5OP
• COAST DIVISION (Narroir <i«UKe).
..- (Foot of Market Street.) ,
17:43 a Santa Cruz Kicurslon, Santa Crua j
- . and Principal Way Stations....... . JBiOsp
I 8: 1 5 a Newark. Centtrriile, San Jose.Felton,
. .-' -. •.. Boulder Creek. Santa Oruz and Way .
5tati0n5................... Bi50»
•»:Isp Newark, CoDterrille, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
" 5tati0n5........... "... # I©s3Oa
4:15p Sao Jose, Glenwood & Way Station! - 9tSOA
04:15p Boulder Creek and Santa Cruz J»:a«A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtmSAH FR4BCISCO— Foot «f liirkit Streat (Slip — H
•7:16 9:10 11:00 a.m. tl:00 *2:00 S3:0O
*4:00 «:00 *6:00 r.i». .; : ■
From (MJUliD— root »r Broidwgr.— -6:00 8:00 10:00
412:03 «l:00 12:00 '3:00 t*:QO «B:oar.M.
COAST 111 VISION (Broad Uange). '
- ."'- (Third and To\rnaend Sts.)
•7j«oa San Jose and Way Stations (New
■ ■■■■ ■ Atmadeu Wednesdays only) lt3op
{7:30 a Sunday Excursion for Ban Jose, '< .
.-,.r- Santa Cruz, Pacific .. Grove ana
Principal Way 5tati0n5.. ........... tStSfir
9:00 a Man Jose, Tres linos, Santa Cruz,
..'V-i... Pncitio Orote, Paso Rubles, San * .
; ' Luis Oliispo, Guadalupe. Sort aud
Principal Way bUtlous .......... 4:10?
i • lOi4Oa San .logo and Way Stations. *8:OOa
I1:3Oa San J.«e and W»y Stations ....... *B>3sa.
■«:45r San Mateo, Redwood, Palo Alto,
> Santa Clara, - han Jose, Qilroy, -
A Hollister, Santa Cruz, Saiiuas,
Monterey and Pacific (Jrore •H»:3.'» \
•H-.:tnp San. lose and Way 5tati0n5.......... •»:<M»a
•4il»r San Jose and Principal Way Stations 0:45.\
•5:0«lp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 0:3.7 a
r>!.-t(f ■ Han Jose and Principal Way Stations S:3op
- «::««i' San Jose iitid Way .5f:iMc!i3.. ....... 7:»0p
<ll:4Sp San Josa ami Way 5tati0n5., ....... 7:aop
A for Morning. P for Afternoon. ■
* Sundnrs nxcepted. t Sundays only. ■* t Saturdays only
ft Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
i Sundays and Mondays. a Saturdays and Sundays.
SAN FRANGISCU and NORTH I PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tlfcures F*rry. P— t «9 Mark*! St.
SaAtS KKAM CISCO TO bAA" RAFAEL.
I WEEK- DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 11:39,
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
I at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:64
and 11:30 p. m. .■■■■•-- - ■
SUNDAYS— S:00. 9:30, - 11:00 a. m.; 1:80. 3:30.
• 6:00, 6:20 p. m. - -
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO. -
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO. 7:50. 8:20. 11:10 a. m.: 12:45.
8:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:65 p. m. and 6:35 p. m. • ■■
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. 3:19.
5:00, 6:25 p. in. -. :
Between San i Francisco and SchuetMn Park
same schedule as . above. .
Leave I Arrive \
San Francisco. In effect San Francisco. -
April 23, .
Week I Sun- ? 189 S. Sun- 1 Wtek
pays. I days. Destination. days. | Days,
7:30 am S:00 am : Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 ara
' | 8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 10:25 am
■ | ii:io pm 5:00 pin Santa Rosa. 7:85 pm| 6:22 pm
' ~' .-.• ;•-." ; Fulton, " ".;"".-. : -' '•'
7:30 am . Windsor,- ' 10:25 am
" Healdsburg.
| - Lytton, .
. . Geyserville, :
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. ■'■ f 7:85 pmj 6:23 pm
: TiSO ami - .- i Hopland and I 1 10:2 Jam
8:30 pm|8:00 am| Uklah. | 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
7:30 am • 110:25 ara
8:00 am Guernevlllß. 7:35 pm • ••%
8:80 pm ' ' [ | 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 ami Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
•■■ -:■ ,;| ■-' -: [ and ' ■ ) ■■ ' ■".. ■■-"•-
6:10 pm 5:00 pm| Glen Ellen. | 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am ] 8:00 ami Sebastopol. ■ 110:40 am[lO:2s am
3:30 pm|s:oo pm[ . ... I 7:35 pm| 6:23 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for. Lytton Springs; at Oy-
serville for ■ Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdale i for
the ; Geysers ; ?at Hopland for Duncan ■ Springs,
Highland Springs, Kelseyville, New Carlsbal
Springs, . Soda • Bay. .•? ; Lakeport and Bartlett :
Springs ; at | Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
j Springs, Blue Lakes, - Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's, River-
side, Lierley's. , Bucknell's. ■. Sanhedrin Heights.
! Hullville, Bconeville. Orr's Hot Springs. Men-
docino City, Fort Bragg, Westport, ■ Usal.
Saturday •-: to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates. .. • ..- - ■ ■"- .
On Sundays ■ round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San . Rafael at . half ■ rates. .
Ticket OTflces. 650 Market st.. Chronicle bids.
A. W. FOSTER. % . R. X. RYAN. ■ ,:
■ Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agent, j
i llrnMWMffmiT CALIFORNIA
ipi^M^l LIMITED.
SAN FR X NCISC()
l[fflLlljLMi^|jj CHICAGO.
THE ONLY LIMITED TRAIN
FROM CALIFORNIA BY
ANY LINE,
Leave San Francisco at 4:30 .p. m.
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
_* Carries flrtt-class passengers only,: but with- '
'■ but extra charge. ,
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
> ■ ■ Pullman Palace - Drawing ; Room Sleepers, C;j
days to Chicago, 4^a days to New York. •««';..
■ i. Trains arrive . and depart from ■ Market-street
Ferry. ■ " San , Francisco ticket office, 644 Market
street. Chronicle building. : Telephone Main 1520. ;
i Oakland office. ti 1118 Broadway. -.^ Sacramento :
office, ; 201 J street. '% San Jose, ~ 7 West Santa
■ Clara street. . .■ . - 
4 MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC 5 RAILWAY.
'■ ' , ■■■-■-. 'H Via -Bausalltu, Kerry.) <-• ■■*;:
:■'■'■ Leave : San \ Francisco, - commencing May I.'
' 1898:--. .■■---:.■ --^.v •■•■-'■.■. ■■„,--- '-^h :
Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 and 6:15 p. m.
Sundays— 9:00, 10:00, 11:30 a. m.. 1:45 and
t:3O p. m. ■■■■•■>.-,. ~-v - .■■•' .■•■ >>;v:; v :- : • ■-■ ..
Round trip from Mill Valley. $1. ~ J^
; ■ . THOS. COOK & > SON, Agents, « Market
■ street. San -Francisco.,'--
910
FAVORITES
WERE RAPPING
First and Second Choices
Won All the Races
at Oakland.
Fonsovannah Enjoyed a Cake
Walk, Starting at Short
Odds.
Gold Fin ■ Disappointment— Shasta
Water In No Form- Cl«wson
Piloted Threu Winner*.
The outsiders agaia kept in the back
jrround at Oakland yesterday, the ma
jority of winners all being held at short
prices in the ring. Of the favorites,
Midas, Fonsovannah and Miss Rowena
all won in handy fashion, while the
other three events went to Owyhee, La
Goleta and Bernardillo, well backed sec
ond choices.
The weather was perfect for racing
purposes, and the track in splendid
condition. Clawson carried off the rid
ing honors by landing three of his
mounts past the wire first, with Pig&ott
at his heels with two firsts.
Midas was strongly touted to win
the opening six furlong sprint, and
backed down to 6 to 5 favoritism, led
the outsider, Rapido, out in a head fin
ish. Nervoso was a close third. Those
behind them were a bad lot.
A cluster of very ordinary two-year
olds next lined up in a five furlong
scramble, with Gold Fin ruling a 4 to o
favorite. The Goldfinch youngster got
away well, led into the stretch, and
then died away to nothing. Pi^ ott
won easily with Owyhee, the Montana
colt The "Fretter finishing a good sec
ond' Also Ran, a 40 to 1 chance, was
landed in the show by McDonald.
For the seven furlong selling affair
the books chalked up 3 to 2 against
Shasta Water, but the Burns & Water
house entry did not seem to be in great
demand, for she receded to 2 to 1. La
Goleta also went back in the betting,
but turned up an easy winner. Taking
the lead from Zamar in the stretch,
she led Honig's sprinter out in a can
ter. In a drive Watomba beat the first
choice a head for the show.
Sam Hildreth's consistent performer
Fonsovannah was looked upon as the
goods for the mile and a sixteenth run,
and experienced no difficulty in win
ning hands down from Odds On, which
made all the running.
The mile selling run was very nearly
captured by a rank outsider— Ellsr.iore.
With Miller in the saddle the books
laid 40 to 1 against Dan Honig's Mor
el !o horse, and he led the field to the
paddock. Here, through hard urging,
Piggntt got up with the second choice.
Bernardillo, and, hard ridden, downed
the lons shot less than a length in the
fsst time of l:40U. Recreation, the post
favorite, away from the post poorly,
finished a distant third.
The speedy Miss Rowena took anoth
er five furlong spin off the reel. In the
betting she was a slight favorite over
Hitdreth's filly Hurly Burly and won
all the way. Saticoy, an outsider, took
show honors.
TRACK NOTES
The man Lady Hurst, which was recently
reinstated, will be a start' r in the mile and
a quarter run this afternoon.
San Ramon and Miss Reel, which at one time
comprised part of the racing stable of A. O.
Wldber, were sold at the Oakland track yes
terday. The former brought $200 and the filly
$65.
Billy Sullivan, the well-known handicapper.
left for his home in St. Louis last night after a
successful season on the local tracks. Billy
said he would be on hand again here next sea
son when the boll tapped.
Captain Rees, the well-known racing official,
departed for Memphis last evening, accom
panied by Mrs. Rees.
Tommy B*tler. the jockey, has been rein
stated. His ridinr, though, is restricted to the
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
CALIFORNIA JOCKFY CLUB — Oakland Track— 163 d day of th«
Center Meeting Wednesday. May 11. 1593. Weather fine. Track
last. J -
irjoo FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
Index. Horses. Weight. [St.. him. %m. %m. Str.
; purse.
1W Rapido. a I*6 3;11 M |1 | |Si
1026 Randow 111. 4......104 9 ... J 6% ... -6 h . McCarthy ....
1037 Miss Ruth. 6 ..105 1 ... 12 8 10 8 % ... 7% Silf" z "
1037 Senator MorrlU. a.. 109 10 ... 11 J |1 ••• BVi . |-*«»« •
1026 Red Spinner, 4...... 110 5 ... 12 5% ... J \ I°™^-.;.
1014 Mahopanv. a.. ICB.II ... 5h S% ... 10 1 \\ . Taj 10r. . . .
905 Orecnleaf, .4.. 10112 ... 10 2 12 1 ... 112 Powell
563 Los Troncos. 4 104 13 ... 13 •««. ... 12 6 Cole ■
615 February, 4... 102 7 ... 8 1 11 Vt 13 Enos .V-l
Time. 1:16. Winner, J. T. Lynch's b. h. by Emperor, of Norfolk-Winona. Go
Won first three driving. - " ■ ■ '- -
7-5 6-6
8 12
4 9-2
8 15
8 10
30 100
8 15
10 20
15 40
10 15
40 40
50 100
12 15
>d start.
1039.
SECOXD RACE— Five furlongs; two-year-olds; purs", IJOfc
lex. Horses.
1010 Owj-hee V :;. V..108 3, ... 2 1 2 2 ... •"!*£}«"
1033 The Fretter ........lOS 6; ... 76^2 ... ; H/ ■ m*t
1016 Also Ran 11.. Ms 4 ... 3h 5 2 ... {» Mcl
1016 Rainier ...: ...10S5 ... 6.4 4h ... 42 Ton
(972) Goldnn 10*2 ... 1% IVi .... « * Tho
1028 San Augustine 103 1 ... }h 3h ... 6 3 £"]
1020 Billy G V.....m 317 ... 5 2 M 4 , •■■ '« «aJ
.... Buck Taylor ...:... IPS |J ... 8 8 ... J_ _.^l a >
Time. 1:03. Winner. H. L. Frank's eh. c. by Iroquols-Tarabera.
easily. Second and third driving. ' '
PigKott
Olawson
McDonald
Tompkina ....
Thorpe
Ruiz
Hal Brown...
:gott 8-5
WBon ...... 1 5
Donald .... 15
upkins .... 15
arpe ....... 6-6
lz .......... 20
1 Brown... 40
ylor ........ 40
: Good start. '
2
6
40
30
4-5
20
300
100
Won
Taylor
1040.
THIRD RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three- year-olds and upward; purse, $350.
102:. La Goleta, 3........ 93 4
1013 Zamar 11. 4.. 105 3
1006 Watomba, 3 ..92 5
(472) Shasta Water, 4.... 103 2
(1030) Sly. 4 109 0
996 Rebel Jack. 3 « 1
978 Talbot Clifton, a... 104 8
294 Dunboy. 4 102 7
4 Ms
i m
7 V*
11
S%
6 h
5 Vi
8
4 Mi
1 2
>^5 I..: ":
2 h
3 IV4
7 1
6 h
; "8^
4 2
1 2
■51
2 h
3 1
6 2
8
7 1
11,
,22
I h
4 Vi
5 1.
6 3
7 1
■'■ 8' ■ ■■
12
2 3 !
3 h I
4 2
5 10 ;
?! !
8 I
Clawaon ...... 5-2 7-2
McDonald .... ; 5 8
Holmes 8 10
Thorpe ... 8-5 2
Piggott ....... 6 4
McNichols ... ' 10 8 .
Cole .......... 100 300
Kiley ......... I 40 30»
Time, 1:27^. Winner. G. W. Baldwin's eh. f. by Amlgo-Rosebud.
all easing up. Second and third driving.
Good start.
Won
1041.
FOURTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; three-:
$400.
I; purse.
i
(1012) Fonsovannah, 3 9S 4 32 8 IV4 2 IV4 21 28 In IClawson 4-5 7-10
018 Oddson. 3..... MS lh 12 1 2'i 12 lh 2Wi Wood. 4 X
(1018) Mor-llito. 3 9M 1 4h 4V4 4h 4h 3>4 3h ,Garripan 6 4
(1017) Imp. Mistral 11, «..107J 6 62 54 65 51 52 4^ jTompklns .... 15 li
1024) Cromwell, 6 Ill 1 2 21% 2h 32 31 4h 64 Piggott 8 12
<m) Olive, 6 108] 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 [Taylor 12 60
Ti mei 1:47%. Winner. B. C. Hlldreth's b. c. by Fonso-Savannah. Good start. Won eas-
ily. Second and third driving.
%f\A(% FIFTH RACE — One mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward: purse, $350.
1017 Bernardino, 4 104.
11.25. Elsmore, 3 94
1025 Recreation, S 91
•J94 Don Luis. 3 91
1023 Robalr, 4 107
1027 Lost Girl. 4 100
(1011) San Marco. 5 114
1011 Earl Cochran. 5 .... 1 1 1
I
3
7
! 6
I 1
■ -22-, -v
1 2>i
7 3 .
4 1
.3 1%
5 "A .
■8 ■ ~
8 1
2 IVi
1 3
4 '4
6 2
3 1
5 2V4
7 h
2 2
1 1
3 h
6 2
4 2
6 1
7 2
»
2 3
1 Mi
3 2
6 1
4 J4
■'7 2 '
8_ . ■■ -
1 1
2 8
3 2
4 h
5 2'
6 V 4
7 2%
'■■ 8 . ■-'
i
i
Clawson' ......I
\t 1 n
Miller ....:... I
Woods ; '..V.T;r. i
McNlchols ...
Pig«ott ........
O'Nell' ........
5-2 13-5
30 40
4-5 4-5
6 10
10 9
20 50
15 20
30 50
McDonald ....
;Enc»9
Time, 1:40%. Winner, G. W. Baldwin's b. g. by Emperor of Norfolk- Jennie B. Good
start. Won first three driving.
1043.
SIXTH RACE— Five furlongs: selling; thre-year-olds; purse, $300.
(1031) Miss I Rowena 1 ..... .
(950) Hurly. Burly .......:
1019 Satlcoy ;.............
1025 " Master Mariner —
t 1031 : Stepabout ;....:.V...
' : 96? -Negligence .:....../
(946) Tempse sv.;.-.~.".V.T.V
1006 Lady Ashley .....;.
.1. •••': ■■■..:.:■•
6 ...
4 ■:'•: ..-v
3
6 . . ...
2 • ...
7
• <■ ' '■'... ■ "
ll>i 11 ... 11% 13. Woods 4-6 1
2b 2h ... 2 h iClawson | 6-5 8-5
.6 2 3n ... SI [Ruiz 30 30
3 b 6 1 ... 4 2 F. Brown 60 100
5 1 6 % ... 6 1 Klley 7 12
4 1 ih ... 6 2 Plggott 20 40
7 7 ... 7 Cameron 60 100
JMcNlchoU ... 10 12
1 A Wa.terhouse'a b. f. by imp. Midlothian-imp. Paloma. Bad
1 U4
.2 h
6 2
3 b
6 1
4 1
7
BSl'lS
2 h ■
-3 n '.„
6 1
6 % .
4 h
7
'lift
: 2 h
■ 3 1
4 2
6 1
6 2
"7
r. -Woods.';.'.. I
nawsnn .'..:.
luiz ..'..:.•....
? . Brown
tlley ..7T .-...-.
'Iggott JKVilm
Cameron .:...
*cX!chol» ...
V ,• Left.-,-:— <v\ -■-:■.-,../:
" Time, 1 :01%. ;/ Winner.
>. : tart, won first three t
string of horses trained by Billy Short, com
prising Rubicon, Roadwarmer. Midas and
others.
According to report the fast filly Valendenne
cams out of her last race, when beaten some
days ago by St. Calatlne, in very bad shape.
She received a kick that will probably keep
her on the shelf for some time to come.
It seems as though there were times wh«n
Mr. Ferguson forgets for the time being that
a big red recall flag reposes peacefully in his
good left hand.* He also, no doubt, overlooks
the fact that horses other than the Burns &
Waterhouse entries are expected to get fair
treatment at the post. When Lady Ashley waa
left at the poet in the last event the ring la'a
but 6 to 5 against her finishing third, and a
wad of coin was bet on the mare. Just swish
it once in a while. Mr. Ferguson, In the last
event, even If the peals of the dinner bell can
be heard over the waters.
A match race was decided at the Oakland
track yesterday mornlnp for a princely wager.
Dan Honig bet W. L. Stanfleld $2 that Judge
Napton could beat Mike Rice at five furlongs.
The money was covered by the tall Texan and
the horses were sent over to the post. Mike
won smiling after being outfooted the first few
yards, and Dan is now looking for a new man
in the bUßiness In quest of horses.
J. McSweeny. the one time owner of St. Cala
tlne. accompanied by a deputy sheriff or two
and a member of the legal fraternity, visited
the track yesterday and spent some time in a
fruitless search for the muchly-wanted filly.
She is now supposedly owned by Sam Hildreth
—if he can keep her.
TO-DAY'S ENTRIES.
First Race — Seven furlongs; Belling 1 : four
year-olds and upward.
1035 Twinkle TwlnklOS 1035 Polish 110
(1009) Joe Mussle ....110 1027 Lucky Star ....10, j
(lOr)Fortuna 105 1030 Peixotto 107
1013 Loch Ness 110 574 Distinction ....105
1027 Howard 107 1035 Hermanlta 105
1023 Caspar 110 1011 Daylight 110]
1039 Spt McAlllster.UO 1023 Masoero 107
(1023)Zarro 107
Second Race— Five anrl a half furlongs; sell-
Ing; maiden two-year-olds.
Saucy Eyes ...107, 1008 Brown Prince.. lo9
in 2« Lona" Marie 112 i 1002 Kitty Blake ...107
W>6 Pongo U7i 782 Savanosola ....107
7>9 Entrata 1^ 1026 Ivan the Great. ll2
1027 Fallen Princes.«lo7J 102S Rosa 112
1008 Niibau 112 416 Be Happy 107
1008 Rose Maid ....107 907 Cyaro 109
1026 Idomenus 109
Third Race — Five-eighths of a mile; selling;
two-year-old fillies.
( 1020) Ann Page 107! 1022 Banewor 100
997 Amoitopec 961 1020 Britomartls ... 96
1010 Canace 103 1
Fourth Race — One and a quarter miles; four
year-olds and upward; selling.
991 Argentina 101] (9S7)Wheel Fortune.lo7
998 Fort Augustus. 106! 1023 Wawona 97
1D29 Del Paso 11.. ..1061 166 Lady Hurst ... 9o
1023 MeUUre 97 1 1023 Claudius 100:
1035 Swt. Faverdale 95! 99S Devil's Dream. 98 ,
Fifth Race — Four and a half furlongs; two- j
year-olds; selling.
1034 Leo Vertner ... 92 1 997 Bonibel S2
1022 OJal 93] SOl Magdalenes ...9oi
948 Toluca 98 1 102S Rev Hooker ... 35 j
1033 Violence 06. 1033 Zacatosa 95,
Sixth Race — One mile; three- year-olds and
upward; selling.
1029 Frank James. .lo6' 1037 Navy Blue ....109
1032 Florimel 104 1 999 Monita .. 117
1027 Tom Smith ....114| 994 Ockturuck 102 j
720 Charlotte M....100 1036 Magnus 102:
1036 Mistleton 10S l"2o Joe Levy 1"- ;
1081 Soscol W\ 1026 Rto Frlo .. I*2 \
g«S Estro 1051 1037 Terra Archer ..109 ■.
1037 Olivia 107 i
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First Race — Caspar. Polish. Peixotto.
Second Race— Savanosola, Entrata, Ivan the ,
Great.
Third Race— Canace, Banewor, Britomartls.
Fourth Race— Wheel of Fortune, Lady Hurst, j
Fort Augustus.
Fifth Race— Toluca, Ojal, Violence.
Sixth Race— Soscol, Tom Smith, Charlotte M.
Aquatic Sports.
Following are the events that -will take .
place at Sutro Baths on Sunday, May 15, j
at 2 p. m.:
7,'> yards. handicap race, classes C and D
(special)— Arthur Veering, unattached: H. Dia
mond I. S. C.; Ed Sherman. I. S. C. : Frank
Young- i S. C. William Fisher, unattached;
George McClennan, I. S. C. ; J. McClennan.
ISC
Match race. 75 yards— F. Burnett. C. A. S. C..
and- William Welsh. Hawaiian Swimming Club. ;
100-yard race, class C- William Miller, unat- ;
tached; Ralph Cummlngs unattached; Harry
Case P S. C. ; Dennis Mullen, P. S. C.
Trick 'and fancy diving (springboard) ama
teurs class D— F. Clou Eh. C. A. S. C. , H.
H r?hfle!(l unattached; B. Seebach, unat- ,
tached; F. McFarland. C. A. S. C. P. Morton,
P S C; H. Mlsh. unattached.
120-yard hurdle race— Arthur Williams unat
tached; Joe Watson, unattached; T. Bigelow.
P S CD. Donovan. P. a. C. .-,-,"
Sack 'race, prize one silver medal, open to
all— Ten or more entries.
Flags for the Soldiers.
At the meeting of the Chamber of Com
merce on Tuesday A. Gerberdlngr resigned
as trustee and Henry Rosenfeld was
elected to fill the vacancy. C. M. Smith
and Robert Dollar were elected as mem
bers of the chamber. The proposition to
urgent the First and Seventh Regiments
with regimental colors was favorably dis
cussed and set in motion, and the colors
winbe handed over to the boys in blue in
a few days.
Left a Valuable Estate.
The estate of the late Louis J. Ruf
flno has been appraised at $26,910.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 12, 1893.
NEWS OF
THE DIAMOND
BY JOE CORBETT.
"Ham" Iberg has finally affixed his sig
nature to a San Jose contract- Good boy,
Omelet. As a financier, you even out
class "Truck" Egan.
The line up of the Frisco team, as It is
at present, will make things pretty warm.
They must, however, secure another grood
pitcher. i^ti
"Big Bill" Lang is playing great ban
for Chicago. It looks as if he would lead
the league in base-running this year.
Billy Nash has finally signed with Phila
delphia. The management endeavored to
cut his salary, but Bill could not see it
that way.
Pitcher Wheeler, the "soldier boy, has
not been signed by Fresno. It is said
that McGucken has Wheeler, or rather,
has a claim on him.
Pitcher Mosklman wants to go to Man
ila. The young man is very patriotic, and
says if they will take him he will enlist.
Pitchers ar© mighty scarce, and In view of
that fact, some of the managers should
enlist.
Henry Krug is about the best all
around player in the league. His pitching
last Sunday places h'm among the best.
The only way to remain a good pitcher
is by unremitting practice. Henry lacks
control, and should, therefore, practiceup.
Manager McGucken was greatly put out
over his defeat last Sunday. He says
when the San Franciscos come to San
Jose there will be a very different story
to tell.
Karl Krug should make a good short
stop. His debut in that position last Sun
day, while not a howling success, was
good enough for the first time. Don't^run
in on hard hit grounders too fast, Karl,
they are, at times, very hard to judge on
the run.
The managers of the Pacific Coast
League seem to be in a quandry regard
ing the securing of pitchers suitable to
hold their own with the faster organiza
tions. If some of the managers who are
in need of men for this position would en
deavor to secure either Rackenfield,
Overmeyer or Pitt they would, no doubt,
nnd their troubles at an end.- Either of
the three is capable of holding his own
against any team in the league to-day.
The action of President Bert in insist
ing upon players appearing upon the
ball field In their full and complete uni
form is one of the wisest moves that has
been brought to the attention of the man
agers of the league this season. Here
after any club that presents a player In a
uniform or part of a uniform other than
his regular club costume will subject the
management of such club to a fine of not
iess than $5.
Subscriber: Tim Donahue, now catch
ing for the Chicagos, caught me when I
pitched against the All-Americas at Rec
reation Park.
Great, indeed, is Jimmy Hughes! Just
think of it! Mighty Boston, the winners
of the pennant last year, were again
shut out by this baseball wonder. Three
measly little hits were all those great
hitters could get off his delivery. Why,
say, "Susie," the "Great," is not to be
compared with this young native son.
Never in the history of the National
League did a young pitcher ever do such
phenomenal work. When Brooklyn beat
him about a we-ek and a half ago the
Boston critics came out in big headlines,
"Hughes, the <"alifornia Wonder, Has
Explod.-il." What a bitter pill it must
have been to these gentlemen when
Hughes on Monday last went right into
their city and for the second time this
season shut out those champions:
Pitching in Haiti more and pitching In
Boston are entirely two different propo
sitions. In naltimore you are playing be
fore your own people. Thoy cheer and
encourage you from the beginning to the
end of a game. In Boston what, a change.
From the moment you enter the box 15.000
to 20,000 howling fanatics rise up in one
body and hurl defiance at you until the
last man is out. A pitcher to win there
must possess an abundance of "nerve" as
well as skill. "Our Jimmie" has demon
strated beyond all doubt that he has nerve
— that howling thousands do not bother
him. as they do many an old, seasoned
pitcher — that he can pitch as well away
from Baltimore as he can when there.
Just to give an illustration of what a
Boston crowd can do to a pitcher if he
lacks nerve was never better demonstrat
ed than in the case of Mr. Hoffer of the
Baltimore team. He was pitching against
Bostons last summer, and had his game
won up to the last inning, tfie s<-ore
standing 9 to 6 in his favor. Two men
were out In the last half of the ninth,
when that crowd opened up. Such a noise
I never heard in my life. Yet those fans
knew what they were doing. Mr. Hoffer
went in the air. He could not stand the
racket. Before he came down six bases
on balls, a base hit, and the game was
lost. Having played in Boston, and
knowing what a pitcher must pass
through to win his game, I do not hesi
tate in declaring this latest victory of
Hughes the greatest of them all. "Can
he keep up the pace?" Is the question
asked everywhere. Time alone will tell.
At the present writing he is the greatest
twirler of the age. T'ntil he falls, which
I believe will never happen, lovers of the
frame, as well as those who play it, must
tip their hats to "Jimmie" Hughes, "the
California Marvel."
The action of President Bert regarding
the single umpire system will, no doubt,
meet with the approval of every baseball
lover in the State of California. There is
no doubt that one good umpire who is
active and alert during the game will
give much more satisfaction than the
double umpire system. In case, there is
one umpire it is necessary for him to ex
ert himself and be at the different poir^S
of the diamond where nc-cesary to give
his decision. In so doing be inspires the
players to work hard, and in consequence
there will be less wrangling, more base
ball, and the games will be played In one
hour and thirty minutes, except upon
extraordinary occasions.
They Were Not Prejudiced.
The members of the present Grand Jury
were examined before Judge Cook yester
day concerning: their alleged prejudice
when voting to indict A. C. Widber, the
defaulting City Treasurer. They all de
nied having: been influenced In any way
by the newspaper reports of his shortage
and testified that the indictment was
found on the evidence given before them.
Judge Cook took the matter under ad
visement until next Saturday, when he
will also render a decision on the de
murrer interposed by Widber's attorney
to the indictment.
Swedish Society's Picnic.
An event which, from the preparations
already made, promises much In the way
of pure, wholesome fun is the picnic of
the Swedish Society, which is billed for
Shell Mound Park next Sunday. There
will be races of all kinds for gentlemen
ladies and children, and a splendid list
of prizes has been prepared. The Swedish
Society's Glee <"lul> will ;ilso be present
to lighten the hours with music.
HOTEL ARHIVALS.
fiRAND HOTEL.
W H Hawley. <'al Mrs E Wilson. Los An
11 Hollister, Courtland Mrs R Young, Los An
N L French, Cai l>r J P Topley, Cal
Capt J Hlgglns. Cal C Mulkey, Napa
M Henry, Fresno J H Tuttle. Watsonvlll
C E Taylor, Watsonvll J Hebbron & w, Sallns
G N Doydale, C«l ti Davis. Halt Lake
Dr CX Hailstone. Cal Mrs B Pezzoni, Cal
S T 'Wilson, Berkeley Mrs H R Green, Cal
W E Mack. Chico L Allen & w. Cal
W P Biggs, (ai | Mrs E Brown, Stocktn
It G Leavenworlh, 111 .Mies M Robinson, Cal
W E Gilbert. San Jose C B Andrus, Cal
Mrs E R Jamison, Cal W B Hill & •*,- pp e ta
Mrs J A Hughes, Cal M L Statin, Los Ang
J R Rush, Los Ang J P O'Brien. Sonora
C W Ayers & w, Cal W C Montgomery & w
J II Martin. Tucson Elizabeth! own
L G Lautzenheier.Colo Dr A M Potter & fm
C E Martinflli, Cal Springfield
J Duffy ft »i«, N 3 Miss L Be]!. I^wiston
Mrs C H Lux, Cal IB R Bowman. Cal
J W Boyd & w. Sarto.J P Diggs, Woodland
G C Writh. W(H)dland i
BALDWIN HOTEL.
R M Wesnom.S Mateo Miss Rlngot, Boston
B Phillips, Oakland R Smyth, Chicago
F Pi-escott, Kedlands L F Moah. St Louis
C Barthol, Selroa Miss M Robinson, Stk
V Moore, Dawson Miss E Brown, Stkton
!•: RaJrihßyn.au, atfctqwjT C Campbell, N T
G W Gardner, Stocktn J Bronson, N T
Mrs E Masun Bninaw'A B Dowdell. S Helna
A ijawson, Seattle |Dr C Devlin, Vallejo
A C Deekyne&w, Pa S Langworthy, Los A
Mrs J Ringot. Boston L E Branster Jr, Pa
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J H Boyd. Madpra j M C O' Leary, Fresno
J H Pare, Livermore M A Palmer, Isleton
W C Hess, Jackson G Hanks, Minn
H Ruger, Sulsun Miss Painter, Courtld
J McQrath, Modesto S B Heath. Visalia
C O^Brten. Chicago S C Klnsey, Payson
J Crawofrd, San Jose S H Coleman. Jerome
R B Mathews, Trckee R Smith. Fresno
C M Harris. Sta Cruz M J Rivers, San Diego
R Benjamin, Loe Ang O Johnson, Riverside
6AN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third street*, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
387 Hayes street; open until 8:80 o'clock.
«21 McAllister street; open until 8:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:80 o'olock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh etreet; open until » o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open until 9 o'clock.
' '' .J^'. MEETING ;- NOTICES. ""?.* \ _J- _ ■
king Solomon's LodgTNo?~26o, F. - •
and A. M., Franklin Hall, 1839 Fill- '±g\L-
more st. — Second degree THIS TtJC
(THURSDAY) EVENING, at . 7:30 /V>
o'clock. By order of i the Master.
: - HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
THE San , Francisco Scottish Thistle . ■cy >.
Club meets THIS (THURSDAY A, ikJQ
EVENING, Fraternity Hall, 32 . ikVXfaC
O'Farrell st., at 8 p. m. A full at- . tg^*
tendance requested. ■"•■ - :'■:-
W. A. DAWSON, Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATERSON, Recorder. .
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet-
Ing of the . stockholders of the Olympic Salt
Water Company ■ will be held -at 327 Market
St., San Francisco, I Cal. ' on MONDAY, the
23d day of. May, 1898. at the hour of 3 p. m.,
for the purpose of . electing a board of di-
rectors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of . such > other business as may
come before the meeting. Tranfer books will
close on Friday. May 13. 1898, at 2 p. m.
-'■■'■. CHAS. A. GIBSON, Secretary.
Office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco. CaJ. ■
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THEY are closing out underwear, hosiery,
gloves, corsets, . veiling, yarns, laces, , cur-
tains, bedspreads, pillow, shams, table covers,
towels. | flannels, etc., very cheap at the Pio-
neer Dry Goods Store, 106 Fifth st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 416 Montgomery »t., room «: tel. .5510.
MRS. ALICE FAY. magnetic healer and vapor
baths. 116 A Grant aye., room 17.
MME. ' H.iNSEN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st. '
MRS STEWART, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120V4 Geary St., room 11.
ANNA RAY PALMER, genuine massage and
vapor baths. Room 1, 147 Powell st.
MISS SHELDON, steam baths and genuine
massage. 865% Market st., rooms 9 and 11. .
ALVINE HALL and assistant; genuine cabinet
baths. 15% Turk and 1118 Market, ran. 15-16.
FANNIE DAVIS returned; massage baths. 122
Post st., room 1,0, second floor front. .;
MISS VIOLA BURWELL of New Orleans:
baths . and massage. ; 1118 Market St., rm. 8.
MISS R. CLEVELAND from the East— Bath*,
massage; assistants. 29 Grant aye.. room 5.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice.— Dividend No. X (fifty
cents per share) of the Hutch Inson Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market St., on and
after Friday, May 20, 18SS. Transfer books
will close on Saturday. May 14, IS9B, at IS
o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
sTtFxtTons wanted— female.
FIRST-CLASS refined German Infant's nurse
dmlrae situation; 3 years last place; city or
country; good seamstress. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS French cook desires situation;
best reference. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
COMPETENT Swedish woman with a girl 6
years desires situation; $10; reference; city
or country; good cook. MISS CULLEN, 3&J
Sutter st.
NEAT young German girl desires situation at
housework or as nurse; $10 to $15. MISS
CUUUBM, 325 Sutter
FIRST-CLASS German waitress and seam-
stress desires situation; city or country.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
SWEDISH first-class laundress wishes situa-
tion. Apply MRS. NORTON. Swedish and
German Employment Bureau, 323 Sutter st.
KIDDLK-AGED German woman; good cook
and houseworker; city or country; $10 to $12.
MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter St.
AT the German Ewployment Office. MRS.
LAMBERT, 417 Powell st., telephone Main
E332. a number of flrst-class girls await
positions.
YOUNG Danish girl with the very best
references wants a position in this city to
do' upstairs work; exi>ert in sewing and
waiting on table. 319 Powell St.. upstairs.
SWEDISH, also German cooks, best of refer-
ence, desira situations. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 316 Sutter St.
RESPECTABLE womaji wishes situation in
small family to do general housework; plain
cooking; small washing; kind to children. 24
Minna fit., between First and Second.
WANTED— By respectable German woman, to
do light housework, or take care of sick per-
son; $2 50 a week or $8 per month. Address
box 2231. Call office.
EXPERIENCED German girl wishes down-
stairs work and cooking; wages $25. 3117
Sacramento St.
WOMAN with a baby would like work: small
wages. Apply 204^4 Fifth st.
WOMAN wants a place to do general house-
work; wages $12; city or country. 264^ Te-
hama St.
COMPETENT and refined German girl wishes
to take care of child; do upstairs work and
sewing. C. 8., box 54, Call.
GOOD seamstress and dressmaker wants work
In German families by day or week. 540
CJough st.
YOUNG girl of in wishes position to mind
children; sleep home. 227 Minna St.. rear.
YOUNG woman wishes work by the day, week
or month; is Dot afraid of work. Call at 2
Grant place, off Folsom, bet. Ist & Fremont.
COMPETENT Swedish girl wishes to do cook-
ing or general housework; wages $25. 513 Mc-
Allister st.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes situation to do
general boose work; understands all kinds of
cooking. Please call 305 Third st., room 14.
DRESSMAKER, good cutter and fitter, wishes
engagements by the day. Call at 603 Eddy st.
! FRENCH laundress wants work 1* the day;
city or Oakland. Call or address L. V., 1358
Seventeenth .st.. Oakland.
YOUNG rrlrl wishes to do light housework;
olso to learn to speak English. Address H.,
Call branch office, 2526 Mission St.
COMPETENT mX die-aged refined lady desires
position as seamstress; can bring machine;
also willing to do light housework; moderate.
Box 2590, Call offlcx
RESPEC'I «uLE girl wishes situation tc do
chamberwork; also good seamstress; best of
city reference; city or country. 2329 Cali-
fornia st.
SWISS girl wishes situation to do housework;
no washing; American or French family pre-
ferred ; good references. 511 Broadway.
WANTED— A position to do light housework,
with privilege to take baby; $8 to $1U per
month. Address box 2192, Call office.
WOMAN with a child wishes place as cook;
wages $10: city or country. Box 2193, Call.
GOOD, strong, experienced girl wishes position
to do general housework and cooking. Please
cnll at 1609'j California St., nr. Van Ness aye.
REFINED German girl wants position In
small family as second girl. Call 1256 East
Fourteenth nt. Fruitvale.
WANTED— Work by the day: any kind of
housework; good laundress; $1 and car fare.
22V4 Sixth st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes a situation In
city or country; good cook and laundress:
wishes work right away. 73" Howard St.. r 14.
WOMAN wants work by the day. 322 Third
street.
3 SCANDINAVIAN girls wish situations. 1 for
housework and 2 for laundry. 414 Folsom st.
EASTERN young lady of refinement wishes
position as companion or private secretary:
would travel. J. E. MORRIS, Golden Gate
Alatnerla County, Cal.
REFINED lady desires position as companion
or care of Invalid. ' Box 2233, Call office.
WANTED by a young German woman work
by the da'- or place in country where she
can take child 3 years old. 130H Ninth st.
ST ONG young woman with child 2 years old
wines to do plain housework. Address 166
Clara Bt., third- floor.
KKLIAIiIi: w.irnsn would like sewing to to
at home. MRS. EFFIE SIMON. 190? Harri-
son Ft.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MACE.
WANTED— Your orders" for cooks, waiters,
bakers, head waiters and stewards and all
kitchen and dining-room help. C. R. HAN-
SI CN & CO., 104 Qeary st.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Maine 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay at.
CHINESE and Japanese employment offlco;
best help. 41414 O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
POSITION as driver or handling stock; gar-
dener or watchman; have best of reference to
offer; want steady employment; am sober
_and industrious. Address 8. P.. box 1725. Call.
BARKEEPER wants position; city or country.
Address box 32QJL Call Office.
SITUATIONS WANTED-Contlnned.
YOUNG man who is occupied until 10 o'clock
a. m. wishes some position for the rest of the
day; cigar store or as a driver for a phj'Si-
clan preferred. Address 718 Larkin st.
YOUNG man with years of experience with
Hudson Bay Co., Canada, wishes position
with mercantile firm to go to Alaska. Box
_1048,_Call office.
JAPANESE couple want situations; man good
cook; wife any kind of work; good refer-
ences. Address J. J., room 46, Park Hotel,
cor. Park st. and Encinal aye., Alameda.
YOUNG man, a first-class waiter and oyster-
man, would like to get charge of oyster and
chop house nighty; b years last place; somt
country town preferred. J. M., 40b Stevenson.
WANTED— By middle-aged man, to work
around place; understands care of horses and
garden work; good reference. J. M., box 22,
Call office.
YOUNG man wishes employment aa assistant
bookkeeper, clerk or collector; experience as
bookkeeper; best of references. Box 2215, Call.
BOOKKEEPER, experienced in office manage-
ment and foreign exchanges, desires employ-
ment. Address box 50, Call office.
YOUNG man wants situation; understands
horses, cows, garden; reference. Address
214 Third St., room 87; state the wages.
GARDENER— A first-class gardener, with good
references, wishes a steady situation. Ad*
dress Gardener, box 6668, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a thorough dry goods
salesman; no objection to leaving city. Ad-
dress W. H., box 05, Call office.
MAN who understands cooking and garden-
ing; willing to make himself generally use-
ful. 30 Hannah st., Oakland.
MAN well experienced in hotel and lodging
house work wishes a situation; references
given. Address box 9949, Call.
WANTED, by a steady, reliable man. situa-
tion at any kind u£ employment; Indoors or
out. A*">ly F. H. GREENFIELD, 220 Third
St., room 31; call between 3 and 5 p. m.
WANTED — Situation around private place; el-
derly man; thoroughly understands care of
horses, driving, milking and garden work;
reference. A. B. C, 413 Natoma st.
WANTED by a man of middle ace, to take
care of horses and garden; can milk and is
a first-class driver; best of city reference.
Address box 2391, Call Of floe.
SWEDISH sailor, 28, wants position as Janitor
for boathouse or to take care of pleasure
yacht; best of references. WILLIAM MITCH-
ELL, Golden ffwt Hotel.
STABLEMAN, married, good all-round man,
steady and reliable, wants position; long ex-
perience; 5 years last place; city preferred.
Box 2150, Call Office.
COMPETENT provision and grocery salesman,
or on road: references; salary when he
proves worth to employers. Address 8., 82$
Castro st.. Oakland.
YOUNG man wishes work around house; In-
side or outside; very handy. Address E. H.
BARTELS, 90S Larkin st.
GERMAN for years foreman in vineyards and
wineries wishes situation. Address 101 O'Far-
rell st.
JAPANESE deslree light work for his room.
Addres3 box 2232, Call.
YOUNG Boston man would like situation In
business house; good references from Boston
and San Francisco; 5 years in last place. Ad-
dress J. J. 8., SlB Brush st., Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS wheelwright wishes position;
6teady; references. Room 16, Golden Eagle
Hotel, corner Montgomery and Broadway.
YOUNG man wants position in wholesale
house; anything; not afraid of work. Ad-
dress 223 Mason St., room 8.
WANTED — A position as stationary engineer:
lately from the East; do own steam fitting
and useful man around a mill; 15 years' ref-
erence. Address 325 Fifth St.
EXPERIENCED, strong Japanese will do work
by the day, hour or contract. Address FRED
KODA, 409% O'Farrell st.
ELEVENTH. Branch office of Th« Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
HELP WAX T E D^F E 1 MAL. E.
GIRL for second work and waiting, city, $20;
girls for housework. MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st. v . ->;■
COOK. $26 to $30; second girl, same house. $20,
. country, good place. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
NURSE. 1 child, $20; 2 second girls, $20 and
. $25: second work and laundress, $25. MISS
CULLEN. 82. . Sutter st.
NURSE, country, $15. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st. ' ■_
' GERMAN waitress and parlor maid, $25.
! MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St. v . : . .'.
SEAMSTRESS and waitress, $25. MISS CUL-
' ■■- LEN, 325 ■ Slitter ; st. -. .'::--.
WORKING 1 housekeeper, $20, • country hotel.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
COOK, $35, easy place. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st. - '
WORKING housekeeper, country, 515, good
place. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter et.
NEAT young girl, $15, light work. MISS CUL-
; LEX, 325 Sutter st. - ■
NEAT second girl, $12. MISS CULLEN, 325
, -flutter st. ' ■ __^__
WAITRESS, $15, no Sunday work; German
nurse, $15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter »t.
COOK, $30; housegirl. St. Helena, $30.' must go
to-day. MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter st.
SECOND girl, country, see lady here, $20;
seamstress and waitress, . Alameda, $25.
MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter St.. . ;
YOUNG girl to assist. $10, no cooking; nurse-
girl, $15; second girl, $20; houseglrl. American
family, $25; German houseglrl, $20. 2 in fam-
ily; a number of young girls to assist. MRS.
NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
NEAT German houseglrl; good cook and house-
worker: $1S to $20; city or country. MRS.
NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
GERMAN nursery governess; country; $25.
MRS. LAMBERT. 417 Powell St.
GERMAN second girl; American family of 2;
$20. MRS. LAMBERT, 417 Powell st.
3 YOUNG German cooks; $30 and $25. MRS.
LAMBERT. 417 Powell St.
GERMAN nirrsegirl, child 2 years. $15; 8 girls
for housework. $15 and $25. MRS. LAMBERT,
417 Powell st.
WOMAN with a child, $1S; country. MRS.
LAMBERT. 417 Powell st.
FOR summer resort, cook, vegetable and
pastry cooks. 3 second girls, & waitresses;
restaurant cook, $30; seamstress; pantry
girls: kitthen keeper: chambermaids; 20
housegirls. 1023 Market st.
FOREWOMAN for hotel laundry, understand-
ing machinery, bleaching, marking and man-
gle: $40 per month at start. 1023 Market st.
CHAMr.EKMAII'S, city hotel; .aundry marker,
capable of taking charge. 1023 Market st.
STENOGRAPHER: 3 milliners: dressmaker:
glove saleslady; 20 shop girls. 1023 Market st.
TEN good, reliable girls, wages $25 to $30, at
once. 1023 Market st.
GENERAL servant, family 3, no washing, $20;
quick. At 1023 Market St.
MANAGING hotel housekeeper, experienced,
California references; 5 chambermaids. 1023
Market *t.
FIRST-CLASS city hotel In need of first-class
wait resses. 313 Bush St.
3 LADY office managers; laundry forelady,
$40; cashier. 313 Bush st.
LADY office partner; light, profitable cash
business; $15 weekly. 313 Bush st.
3 GERMAN, Scandinavian and Protestant sec-
ond girls, $20; colored second girl. $20; Scan-
dinavian or German laundress, $25: nurse. 1
cliil'l, >20; Protestant cook, plain wash. $25:
chambermaid, plain washing, small hotel,
M - 5 waitresses and chambermaids, $20, $5
and $6 week ; and a great many girls for
cooking and housework. J. F. CROaETT &
CO., 316 Sutter st.
2 STA RCH Ironers. $25 and found; mangier,
Jl2 and found: Danish hotel cook. $25; 2 wait-
resses, country, $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st. j_
SECOND girl, $20: nurse. 1 child. $20; house-
girls, city and country. $15 to $25. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
W VN'TED— Competent girl for second work
and assist with children; references. 1608
Fell st :
NEAT young girl for second work and wait-
Ing on table. Apply, bet. 9 and 11. 2111 Jack-
son pt.
YOUNG girl to assist light housework; fair
wages: good home. 123 Buena Vista aye.
Al FINISHERS on r-loaks. DAVIDSON &
MILLER. Va Market tt.
FIRST-CLASS tailoress and operator on cus-
tom coata. 431 Minna: apply early.
WANTED— Protestant girl for light house-
work. 1582 .Tones st.
FIRST-CLASS tailoress on custom coats. 6
Monroe St.. off Bush, near Powell.
WANTED— GirI In bakery. Call after g o'clock
at 300 Hayes st.
INEXPERIENCED apprentice wanted on cus-
tom coats. 373 Natoma st.._near Fifth.
FIRST-CLASS sewers and hands to do cord-
ing. Apply H. FRIEDLANDER. 33S Fell st.
GOOD finishers or. pnnts: call early. 858 How-
ard, between Fourth and Fifth, over ball ct.
YOUNG girl to assist in housework. 236
Twelfth st.
GOOD finishers wanted on pants; good wages.
256 Stevenson st.
EXPERIENCED finisher on cloaks; good pay.
319 Geary st.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
IN~THE Mission a competent girl or woman for
general housework; sleep at home nights;
wages $16. Addreßß box 2392. Call office.
WANTED— Refined elderly woman, thorough
housekeeper ; good home for right person.
Call or addrewi MRS. SIDES, Vallejo. Cal.
1 GOOD talloreas on custom coats; good wages.
610 Montgomery St.. room 1.
YOUNG girl to assist in housework; good
home; small wages. 52 Hancock st.
GOOD girl wantM for general housework at
731 Green st. near Mason.
GOOD German cook wanted. 1721 Van Neas
aye., cor. Clay st.
WANTED— Competent German girl under-
standing cooking and general housework.
Apply 317 Larkin st.
WOMAN between 21 and 35 for light house-
work: good home and fair pay for right
party. Call after 12 at 116 Taylor st.
APPRENTICE girl on custom coats. 1044 How-
ard st.
MANGLE hands wanted at the Sun Laundry,
Nineteenth st. and Telegraph aye., Oakland.
WANTED — Good finisher on custom coats;
good wages. 62*? Minna Bt.
DR. WISE, the ladTes' specialist, 1118 Market
Bt. ; monthly troubles, etc., cured at once.
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School, 1079 Market
St.; perfect fit; no trying on;_trial tree.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns 25c. MCDOWELL'S, 103_Post.
\iNTH, 167— Branch office of Tlie Call; sub-
scrtptl'ona and want ada taken.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
WANTED ■
12 cooks for different places
8 waiters for different places
6 dishwashers for different places
from $65 per month to $15 per month and
found exceptional good, steady Jobs, jvii k-
RAY & READY. Leading Employment
Agents, 634 an.l 636 Cbty St.
25 LABORERS wanted, city and country Jobs.
$1 60 $1 50 and Jl 75 a day; 2 teamsters. »1 a
day and board, city Job; hostler for stage
company. MURRAY & READI, Leading
Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
20 WOODCHOPPERS for different places, *1 60,
*1 25 and $1, 4-foot wood; 3? ttemaker* Be.
9c and 10c each. MURRAY & READY,
Leading Employment Agents, 634 and 63t>
Clay st.
FARMER and wife. Santa Clara County, ex-
ceptional good easy place; 6 farmhands; 3
milkers. $20 and $25; 2 chore boys for ranches.
$S; 2 choremen for ranches, $15; vegetable
gardener. MIRRAY & READY, Leading
Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
BLACKSMfTH for heavy wagon work, $2 M a
day: boy to learn a trade, $3 a week. MUR-
RAY & READY, Leading Employment
A Rents. 631 and 636 Clay st.
COOK, $8 a week: cook for a country restau-
rant, $45 and fare paid, boss here; fry cook,
$10 a week; broiler, $50: cook, Spanish style,
$10 a week; 2 dishwashers, summer resorts,
$2n and $15; porter boy, $15: young German to
learn waiting, $15; 3 waiters for a mining
camp, $30 and $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary Bt.
COACHMAN with references, $40. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Gen- st.
iT MACHINE lathe hands, cltiy. $3 to $3 50;
wheelwright, $35 and found. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Engineer to run Ball electric en- I
glne, $3 25 day; bricklayer for mine, $3 day; !
driver for milk wagon, $30 and found; Ameti- '
can. working foreman and wife for datry
ranch, ?«0: and others. Apply to J. F. CROS- ■
ETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st. |
WANTED— Butler: man servant for private
family, $30; third cook for restaurant, $9
week: cook, small country restaurant, $30;
hotel waiter, $25; hotel cook, country, $40;
and otherp. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— Dishwasher for large restaurant,
$30; porter for a restaurant, $25; 2 dishwash-
ers, $10 and $15; young man to wait on table,
country, $20; assistant waiter, city. $15;
waiter, hotel. $25; second cook, country. $30;
man and wife, country hotel, $45; farmer,
French preferred. $25 to $30; etc. ANDRE'S,
316 Stockton st.
BUTLER wanted for country place; must have
good references; $40. ANDRE'S. 316 Stockton.
WANTED — Dinner cook for nice lunch house
in country. $10 to $12 per week and room, fare
advanced; night cook, short orders, same
place, $S per week; French or Italian cook,
restaurant in country, fare advanced. $45 and
room: second cook, same place, $35: farmers,
milkers, laborers and others; cigar-box
maker; strong hn\- for factory, $3. W. D.
EWER & CO.. 628 Clay »t.
BOARDING house cook. $60; cook,, boarding
house. $35: waiter, boarding house. $25; res-
taurant waiter, $35; coal miners. $2 50 a day.
R. T. WARD Jt CO.. 608 and 610 Clay st.
FIRST-CLASS furniture man who understands
carpets; leading- hotel. 1023 Market st.
NOW Ready— Several excellent positions for
reliable men. 1023 Market, new management.
GARDENER; man and wife, on ranch; butter
maker; 2 stout porters. 1023 Market st.
CLOTHING salesman; card writer; 3 waiters,
$40. 1023 Market st.
REORGANIZED, 1023 Market; not the cheap-
est, but best place In city for positions.
A— MANAGING partner cash business, Los
Angeles; $500 required; $100 per month; no
previous experience. Address Confidential,
SIS Bush_ st.
SECOND cook, country, $30. HOTEL GA-
ZETTE. 420 Kearny st.
WANTED — Middle-aged man for office work;
must freely converse In German and English:
to the right man a fortune: must have $2f>o
or $300 cash; no others need apply; no agents.
Address box 6565. Call Office.
STEADY man to keep plain accounts and as-
sist generally In commission business; must
have $150 cash and be satisfied with $18
weekly. 917 Market st., room 2.
EXPERIENCED gardener, single; references
required. Call at 105 Stockton St., room 23.
COAT maker for country- Apply REISS BROS.,
24 Sutter st.
WANTED— A good cook. Manhattan House,
825 Battery st.
AN EXFERIENt -ID ladles 1 tailor and opera-
tor. 20 Sansome St., upstalra.
A FINE coatmaker on first-class work. 625
Pacific •_.
WANTED— Barber; steady work. 797 Mission
St., cor. Fourth.
SHOEMAKER wanted on repairs. 562 Mission
st. ; apply between 10 and 12.
WANTED— Discreet '-oung man, apprentice to
detective. Box 7999, Call.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps, United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of
21 and 20 years, who are citizens of the
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their Intention to become such; must
be of good character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 6 inches and 8 feet in height. For
further information apply at the recruiting
office 20 Ellis St., San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— Experienced drummer to sell new
article in the provision line; $5 a day or com-
mission. Address, with particulars, box 2194,
Call Office.
Bt'SHELMAN wanted. Apply between 10 and
11 a. m., to CHARLES LYONS, 721 Market.
OLICITOR o wagon for dyeing and renovat-
ing. Emporium Renovating Co., lull Eddy st.
EXPERIENCED ice cream maker can find
permanent employment. E. L., 1159 Broadway,
Oakland, Cal.
FOR sn le— 3 chair l"ic barh«r-shop. 911 Seventh
St.. Oakland: estab. 14 yrs. ; owner going out
of business. Apply 3<M Turk St., S. F.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th: tel. South 625.
SAIIXSRS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast.
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
WINCHESTER House. 44~Thlrd «U near
Market; 200 rooms, 25c a night; reading room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. 8.
FUCHS. Sec. 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
WANTED- At Montana House. :S4Vi Mission:
men to take rooms; 10c. I.lc -»nd 25c Der
night: 60c. 90c and $1 per week.
ROFKnAI-K House, 321 Ellis— Rooms 25c to Jl
night; Jl to J4 week; hot and cold baths.
SINGLE rooms, 10c and 15c night: "5o and $1
week. Linrlel! House. Sixth and Howard sts.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for & room; 25c a night; Jl a week.
500 PAIR of men's new and second-kand shoes
half price; half-soling, 35c. 959 Howard st.
MES to learn barber trade In eight weeks. S.
F. Barber College. 13S'^ Eighth st.
HOISES WANTED.
WANTED— NiceIy furnished house or flat of
about 6 rooms: north of Market st.; reason-
able rent. Address H. J. t box 40, Call.
LADY wishes to lease a lodging-house of 20
ri'i.ms. furnished. 1023 Market »t.
WANTED— Rooming-house, with dining-room;
15 or lfi rooms; central. 1023 Market st.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
PAWNBROKER— OId gold, silver, cast-oft
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAX. 41 Third.
PERSONALS. ' _______
£_0~8.-Min^ia~want9 you to come horns
right away. O. S. ■
GOOD chance for intelligent woman of good
appearance to learn bookkeeping free. Ad-
dress MRS.' E., box 1420, Call. i
WIDOWER would . like to make the acquaint-
: ance of an honorable . elderly lady. German
preferred ; .= no triflers. ;. A. R., box _, Call
Office, ) Oakland. '
BUSINESS IERSONALS.
RAG carpets .wove to order and for sale; also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer la
carpet twine. hank^or^chaln,. at lowest
rates! - GEO. MATTHEW. ■ 709 Fifth, Oakland.
HARD brushing or too much : washing Is bad
for the hair; I dress hair for 25e: good
switches, $1; best, finest quality. $3 50, extra
heavy, long. $5; open Sundays, from 9 to _.
G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st. ■;
ELECTRIC lights in every room; w ' nc J^t"i e l
House, 44 Third St., nr. Market ; 200 rooms.
25c to $150 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week.
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
FASHIONABLE tailors; suits to order; In-
stallments; $1 week; perfect fit guaranteed.
Boston Woolen Mills, 920 Broadway. Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS hair dresser and ventilator:
girls to learn. Appl- MME. DELLA FAUST'S
j new store. 240 Stockton St., near Post. •
MRS. DR. JOHNSTON, masseuse, electrician,
trained nurse. Office heated. 579 Geary at.
QUINONIA— peerless hair tonic; use It. O.
LEDERER, 111 Stockton st. --■
CLOAKS and fine tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. 20 Sansomo st.
SUITS to order on easy installments. — .
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses,
$5 up; dresses made over. 6 Eddy st.. rm. 80.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College, 916 Market st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
1
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished tranc*
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced sh«
will reveal every hidden mystery in life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost' affec-
. tions: unites the separate, recovers lost,
stolen or burie property: locates treasures,
minerals: tells your entire life, past, present
and future, while in a perfect trance. ■ Hour*
10 a. m. to 6 p. m.: perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail. Send stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooma
25 and 26, 1206 Market St., opposite Sixth.
MME. RAVEXA. reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
i MISS EDNA V. GRANT, card-reader and
I palmist. 215 Kearny st., room 2.
MME HANSON- pf.lmist: card-reader- iast»
present and future; 25c. 145 Sixth st.. room 19.
GYPSY life >-«ader gives correct answers to all
i questions: L., 25c; G.. 50c; no sign. 3 Tth st._
: MME. MOREAT. best medium and card-
reader; 25c up; German spoken. 73 Fourth st.
MM"E. SYFILLE. cradle to gmve: future hus-
band's picture, 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st^
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First in her pro-
fession; never falls; advice; help. 929 Post st.
MME. LE NORMANDBJ, reliable clairvoyant.
i card reader, magnetic treatment. 401 Leavnwth.
SPIRITUALISM.
MR. J. BERGEROT. prof, of chiromancy, will
translate what Providence has printed In your
hands, tell the vocation of your children and
the secret of producing your choice of sex.
Hours S a.m. to 7 p.m. 611 Stockton. $1 and up.
JOHN BLATIBR, test =eance to-night at 8; halL
111 Larkin st. ; admission We,
MME. TOUNG'S convincing test circle to*
night: 10c. 605 McAllister St.; fine music.
ASTROLOGY- Your fortune by your name; oo-
cult science. 911V4 Mission Ft.
i MRS. BUTLER, reliable clairvoyant, card
| reader: Hindoo control; hours 10-5. 579 Geary.
MRS SHRINER. clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. ISO McAllister, hours 10-4.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
Fittings dally. I3t?& Sixth st., room 2.
! MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia St.; read-
| Ings $1; cir. Tues.. Fri.. 2 p. m. : Sat.. S: 26c.
i MRS. J. J WHITNEY, trsnee test medium.
232 Stockton st. : old No. 218.
'■ M. FRANCES. Independent slate-wrltlnr ms-
dium. 118 Halght gt.
PALMISTRY.
MrT."~CHA~NDLER: readings Tues., Thurs.,
Pat. at hall, 30S Larkin St.; Mon.. Wed., Frl.
residence. 353 Geary st.
HYPNOTISM
CAL. Institute. 4ft2' 2 Geary; hypnotism taught;
diplomas issued; diseases and habits cured.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS vt are selling good upright pianos for $8
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are tha
same as If purchased for all cash. Bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 'per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest houss
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CiIASE'B,
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and " other musical instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please axuf
satisfy the customer.
CLARK, WISE & CO., cor. Grant aye. an<l
Geary st., agents Conover. Kingsbury an 4
other pianos; opened May 1; new stock: spe-
cial prices; easy terms; inspection invited.
BEfcONT>-HAND piano* at all prices: termj
! extremely accommodating. BENJ. CURTA2
! & SON, 16 to 20 O'Farrell St., agents for th«
Chickering and other pianos.
AN ELEGANT new $425 piano sacrificed b^
owner for $150: bring the cash and take It
to-day. DEWING CO., r. 12, Flood bldg.
WE have a fine Baby Grand at a bargain f
new pianos are offered at lower prices thaa
ever. MAUVAIS. 769 Market st.
! A STEINWAT piano for $V>: a rhickering fop
\ $30: examine list of bargains this week. THE!
F. W. SPENCER CO., 933 Market St.
BOHMBR & CO.. Byron Mauzy, Newby, Evans,
Brlggs and other pianos; pee our rent planl
no Interest first year. 308. 310, 212 Post st.
A GREAT victory on land: "Crown" piano
over the entire "single-tin.--" rrieade. Call
on HOCKETT BROS. & CO., 230 Post st.
A FINE full rich-toned upright: 3 pedals; ele-
gant case: $150. 833 Castro st.
"AD" smallest; price lowest; uprights $75 upj
rents J2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
j $150— BECHSTEIN baby mad; guaranteed:
for sale V> installments. 22i Leavenworth St.
i $75— SPLENDID piano; good tone; $5 down. $3
per month. 225 Sutter st.
NEW pianos rented. $3 per month. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
A STSINWAT, Pecker, other pianos, cheap.
HORNtJNO'9 new store. 816 McAHlter t.
FINE large upright: sacrifice. 110 McAUiste*
St., flat No. 1.
A GOOD" upright, very cheap. 1« McAllistet!
st.. next Hlber-la BanK._ SCHMITZ.
| AGENCY Haines Bros, pianos: second-hanfl
I pianos, $75 up. W. C. j£AMILTON. 324 Post,
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H,
MILLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST ami best In America— The Weekly
('ail Pert to any address In the United
States, postpaid, for $1 50 a yoar.
BRANCH office of The Call, 106 Eleventh st.-^
Want ads and subscript!' .ns taken.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS wanted— Murat Halsteads great war
book. "Our Country in War"; all about
armies, navies, coast defenses. Maine disas-
ter. Cuba, war with Spain and relations with
foreign nations: nearly 600 pages: all wrlttea
since Maine disaster; magnificent colored il-
lustrations; agents making $10 to $39 per day;
no experience necessary: nrnpt liberal termi
guaranteed: 20 days' credit: price low; freight
paid; handsome outfit free; send 9 2-cent
stamps tn pay postage. Educational Union.
324 Dearborn St., Chicago.
LADIES and gentlemen to solicit for the Co-
operatlve Sick Aid Society. Apply at room
20. 21 Powell St., bet. 1 and 4 p. m.
SPAIN will bo beaten, but not so our offer to
agents: terms and sample 12c. Box 106, Sta-
tion K. Los Angeles. Cal.
FIRST-CLASS agents wanted to represent
Bcribner's Magazine; a splendid opportunity
to make money. Call or write Seribner's,
119-121 Phelan building. San Francisco.
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, solda
machine supplies. 145 Sixth st. ; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, xchanged. rested;
repairing; lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
OS LARKlN— Branch office of the CalL Sub-
•crlption;." and want ads taken.
ATTORNEY'S AT li-».W.
ADVICE free on all legal matters, f. T.
STACK. 14 McAllister st.. room 64.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.BUSINESS CHANCES.
RESTAURANT ; f ew^oora^o'rth' of Mar-
ket St.: old established: receipts $26 to $30 per
day; a money-making place. M. ; LESS, -765
Market st.
$600— CIGAR store; right In wholesale district;
doing large business; selling at great sacri-
fice; don't miss this chance; rent cheap. M.
LESS, 765 Market st.
RESTAURANT; north of Market St.;
meals 25c and up; must be sold at once;
owner has joined the . volunteers and" must
leave at once; best' chance in the city. M.
LESS, 7G5 Market st. I . .
$1500 — CORNER grocery and bar, 4 rooms and
bath, in Western Addition; established 20
years; big bar trade; well worth '2500; Belling
on account of sickness. M. LESS & CO., 765
Market st. " ." . ' ■■'■'-.
$1000— CORNER grocery and bar in the Mission;
6 living rooms; proprietor owns building:
cheap rent: long lease. M. LESS & CO., 705
Market st. ■"■• •' " ': ■■■■
$400— SALOON: first-class business: close to
Phelar. building; a bargain. See WILKE,
753 Market_et. V . .-'■ -■.
A— s3so; RESTAURANT, opposite cable house;
transfer corner; good business; cheap rent.
WILKK. 788 Market St. "
A— s3so; BATH house, with 10 bath tubs; 8 fur-
nished rooms; rent $42; close to Kearny et. ;
kept by owner for years; a first-class busi-
ness opening for the right party. WILKE,
783 Mat— «t St.
A. — $500; restaurant; 1 block from cor. Fourth
and Market sts.: average daily receipts $45;
best class of customers: disagreement between
partners cause of sale. • WILKE. 733 Market.
A.— s6oo; bakery and confectionery in choice
location. Western Addition; doing a large
store trade; 4 living rooms; rent $50; owner
enlisted as volunteer; a sacrifice. WILKE,
783 Market st.
A— S2OO— CORNER saloon, opp. factory, present
owner there 10 years, wants to retire; daily
receipts $10; can be increased. WILKE, 783
Market st. ■
A— sl4o0 — BEST paying day saloon In this city;
average daily receipts $20; rent $50; lease.
Particulars, WILKE, 783 Market st.
A— s22oo— RARE chance for Investment: first-
class saloon; close to Chronicle; elegantly
fitted up; clearing above $250 per month; con-
nected with club and poker rooms; a sacri-
fice; Important business calling owner south.
Particulars, WILIvE, "S3 Market St.
$400— PHOTOGRAPHIC business in prosperous
country town • bargain; on account of sick-
ness. McLACGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny St.
$10 PER month for rent, butcher shop; no oppo-
sition. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny st.
COFFEE and chop house with branch
bakery: bargain; owner going north. MC-
LAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny st.
SALOON; best business part of the city;
established 30 years; disagreement of part-
ners. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
$650— COUNTRY store, saloon and dwelling;
hall in second story; large lot; worth $2000;
no opposition; satisfactory reasons for sell-
ing. MCLAUGHLIN _ CO., 23 Kearny st.
$2500— SALOON, country mining town: 2 stores.
2 cottages, 7 lots; half price; owner compelled
to go East. MCLAUGHLIN. 23 Keary st.
CORNER saloon; going to Klondike cause ,
of sale. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny.
WE can sell your business promptly for cash.
BURKE & CO., 917 Market st.
$400 — GRAND chance; route for sale; 75 cus-
tomers; horse and wagon: clears $100 month- I
ly; can be increased. BURKE & CO.. 917
Market st.
$125— CIGAR store! best bargain in city; sell-
ing on account of death owner; near Mar-
ket st. BURKE & CO.. 917 Market St.
NOTlCE— Business of all kinds bought and
sold quick for cash. Call 24% Third St.
CORNER grocery and bar for sale; 3 living ,
rooms. 24% Third st. .
SALOON among factories; must be sold; owner j
leaving city; offer wanted. Apply 24% Third.
$750— COFFEE and chop house; pays well; oppo-
site ferries; offer wanted. Apply 24% Third.
$275— SALOON, fine living rooms; pays well;
must sell account sickness. Apply 24% 3d st.
A— sBo0 — CORNER grocery and bar; without
doubt one of the best business corners.
$200 — Partner wanted; commission business.
5300 saloon; old-established; good corner,
and other bargains in saloons, bakeries and
restaurants. ANDERSON _ CO., 777 Market.
CORNER bakery and grocery, well supplied
with everything; 2 large sunny living rooms;
space for a bar. Apply Call office.
FOR sale— Restaurant; bargain; receipts $40 to
$50 per day; rent $22 50; must sell; disagree-
ment of partners; a chance of a lifetime.. 207
Second st. '
PARTNER, or will sell cheap; small manu-
facturing business; no experience; 200 cus-
tomers; only one on coast. 515 Sth, Oakland, j
$ICO FOR half interest In old-established real
estate and business exchange; extra induce-
ment. E. P.. box 3. Call Office. : "- -. .-.
WANTED— buy grocery and bar. notion
store, dry goods store, for cash; must be a
bargain. Box 2282. Call.
FINE cigar store to let or for sale; good loca-
tion. Mount Shasta Saloon. 53 McAllister,
n*ar City Hall; call immediately.
$SSO— FOR sale, a grocery and bar. For par-
ticulars call at Washington Brewery.
HOTEL; 26 rooms; worth $3000. M. D. HOW-
ELL. 256 Third St., and make offer.
8 GOOD mining claims for JSCOO; would ex-
' change. Room 102, Grand Hotel.
FOR sale Home bakery: good paying business;
■ established years; 6 fine rooms. 1913 Howard.
INTEREST in candy store and factory;
lady or gentleman. S. S., box 1403. Call.
A RARE chance for investment in Oakland;,
first-class restaurant for sale, clearing $250
per month: tame owners 8 years; positively
no opposition near; place located on junction
of best two streets; cheap rent; reason for
selling, owners leaving for Europe. M. L.
WURTS, 17th and Broadway, Oakland.
PROMINENT plumbing business for sale: es-
tablished 12 years on principal business
street; price aeked : is all in stock; good
reason for selling. Box 1712. Call Office.
GROCERY, branch ba-kery, stationery, variety,
cigars; fine sunny rooms and yards; old es-
tablished; cheap rent; laundry and papers
pay rent. Box 19, Call branch office, 106 11th.
FOR sale — Half - interest in soda-water busi-
ness at Inventory price; 10 per cent off to
the right man. JAS. I. BLIVEN. 153 New
Montgomery st. - ■ ■
FOR SALE— CaII route at San Jose; for par-
ticulars apply at Call business office or to E.
F. PIERCE. San Jose.
FOR SALE— Restaurant; a bargain; will take
partner. 753 Market st. ;■ basement.
COAL and wood business, "Id established, cheap
for cash, 3 horses, 2 wagons, everything else i
necessary. Address box 2391, Call office.
PARTNER wanted, lady or gentleman, as
cashier; good-paying restaurant on Mont-
. gomery st. Box 2156, Call.
Jl50 — sale, a fruit store, with horse and
wag-on; suitable for man and wife. Call 4
p. m. at 1126 Harrison st. '
SUMMER resort and beer garden to sell or
rent. MRS. BOEKELMANN, Lorin. Cal.
CORNER grocery and bar. living rooms, for
sale; investigate. 117- Flllmore St. . - .
BAKERY for sale cheap. Address Royal Bak-
ery, cor. Main and Delia sts., Stockton.
CORNER saloon for sale at a bargain; good
stock of liquors, cigars. 243 Fourth = st.
PATENTS— SMITH & OSBORN, Regisfd Pat.
Agents; established 1862. 319 Pine at., city. ■
COFFEE and tea route 3 supplied from GEO.
W. A SWELL & CO.' S. 415 Sacramento st.
CORNER saloon; must sell this week. 400 Me-
Alllster st. : .-'.":■.■■' ■'"■■
FIRST-CLAS3 bakery; central; must be sold
account of sickness. Address box 2211. Call.
$200 BUYS fine, centrally located saloon; rent
$17; living rooms; good trade. 406 Geary st.
RESTAURANT ■ for sale ; no reasonable offer
refuged. 145 Taylor st. .
FOR sale— Good-paying restaurant; $200. 136
Second fit. . .. : . :- - ■ " ' ■- ■ !
SALOON For sale cheap; no night work. 506
Clay st. ~ •;- v. -::•-;■'  -■ - ' ■ " -"■■- ;
GOOD old paying stationery- woman can make
good, living. Apply Call Office. '■.■■-•*
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works; cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr..
3$ and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250. ■■
WHEN TOO become disgusted with ' poor work
send to SPAULDING'S 'Pioneer Carpet-
Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama st. ; tel. ; S. 40.
J. MCQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet Cleaning Co., 453
Stevenson st., tel. S 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at per yard; relaid at 3c.
STKATTON, 3 Eighth st. ; tel. Jessie »44.
GREAT Eastern '■- Steam - Carpet-Cleaning |
Works. 14 Bth st. B. GRANT, ; tel. Jessie 201.
J. E MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co., 240 14th
st.; cleaning 3c a yard; tel. Mission 74. ■■•;,;v-.:>
J. WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, ; renovat-
ing, alteration wks. 413 McAllister; Jessie 321.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter «t.;
tel. Main 394: GEO.-; A'ALCOM. , Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 12C. . * " :
____ PHYSICIANS.; .
DR. C 'C. O'D0»-NELL, v otLca : and residence,
itsw Market; diseases at ■ women a specialty.
* LODGING > JUSES FOR SALE.
$1100— Only $500 cash: c0rner...:.... 17 rooms
! $200— On O'Farrell st. ; flat .. 7 rooms
81400— On Market .5t.....; ............38 rooms
$1400— Best : in . the city; fine corner 50 rooms
$2300— Fine for transient; clears $300.. 82 rooms
$300-"-All men - roomers clears - $80. ...12 rooms
$BCo— Fine cor.; worth $1200: 0n1y...... 24 rooms
! On Sutter st. : all rented. :....... 14 rooms
$300— Only $250 cash; bal. payments — 17 rooms
I $1000— corner;, clears $100. ....... 26 rooms
$450— best for price in city..........2S rooms
Apply, to H. C. . DECKER. 1020 Market ■- at. v
COMFORTABLY furnished house 8 rooms: rent
cheai; water free; good business location: 3
car lines; price cheap. Address box 2243,
Call Office. ■; : -'■■'
HANDSOME, paying house, 16 elegantly fur-
: nished rooms; water every room; , gentlemen
roomers; 1 block of Baldwin. Box 500, Call.
AT a sacrifice— sunny corner 50-room House
* on account of . departure; no agents. - Box
2199. Call Office. ...■■■
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
CONTENTS of a finely furnished 6-room flat.
Apply 475 Guerrero st., near Seventeenth.
NEW furniture, 2 rooms; suitable for living
I rooms, offices. 1069 Broadway. Oakland, r. 1.
FURNITURE ANTED.
WANTED— Carpets of an 8 or 10 room house;
central. J. T. TERRY. 421 California st.
! INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 " Mont-
! comer)- St.: highest prices paid. Tel avis ,l.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
WATCHMAKER, also experienced In general
merchandise, wishes position to go to Alaska,
Box 1048, Call office.
WANTED — Young man going to Alaska to
handle a good cheap portable boat; good
| chance to make expenses of the trip. Address
Box 2240. care Call office. - - .
FOR l>aw«on City, Ftearner Northern Light—
Fastc-et boat on the Yukon; far* flirt-class
•KO; freight $200 per ton; 150 pounds baggage
free: leaves Seattle June 1. Office 36 East Bt.
HORSES.
mules; swift: good workers;
single and double. 1325 York Bt.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
kinds; 40 horses; must sell. Emporium Sales
Yards, 220 Valencia st. T. P. NEWELL.
I 40 HORE.-'S for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth St., auction sales every Wedr
neFday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
I HORSE and wagon for sale. 2152 Mission St.,
near Eighteenth. - ■ <
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES. '
I O'BRIEN & SONS,.
i GOLDEN GATE AYE. AND POLK ST.,
'■ Builders of Vehicles of the Best Grade for
Town or Country.
Newest Designs In Form, Color or Trim.
Best Business Buggies on Earth.
Good Second-hand Broughams, Landaus. Carts
and Buggies, Taken in Exchange.
for Sale at Low Prices.
Bargains new and second-hand carriages—
• Coupe, $50; surrey, $S5: villa>?<? cart. $40; sulky
cart $35; top and road buggies, traps, grocery,
I milk" and two-seat wagons. All styles of carts
and harness at cost for cash.
Bull's Head Repository. 15th and Valencia sts.
j THREE-QUARTER end spring, ball bearing
axle rubber tire, piano body buggy. Can be
seen' at O'BRIEN & SONS'. Golden Gate aye.
and Polk Bt.
6rECI4L sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co.. 211 Larktn. opp. City Hall.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or installments; 1 fine top hnd odsd
buggy: also 1 hnek. 028 Harrison nt.
PASTURAGE.
I WANTED — About 75 head of cattle on shares;
fine green feed. Address K. L. KEVINS, 723
Market St.. room 7, San Francisco, or 519
Seventeenth St.. Oakland.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS— For Burial of Indigent Dead—
Office of the Clerk of the Board of Super-
visors of the City and county of San Fran-
cisco, May 10, IS9B.
In accordance with Resolution No. Ill*
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors,
SEALED PROPOSALS wili be received In i jpe^n
session of the Board of Supervisors on MON-
DAY AFTERNOON, May 16, IS9S. frotn , * :S ?
! to 3 o'clock, for the interment of the indigent
dead as are required to be buried at the onarge
oi the City and County of San Francisco, In-
cluding the City and County Smallpox ±io»-
! pital, fur the term of one year, beginning July
-. and ending June 30. 1»99, in ■»<* eetne-
; tery or cemeteries in this or other counties
wherein burials may be allowed.
; NOTICE— The coffins to be made of throe-
; quarter-inch surface redwood clear lumber, to
! be lined with musiin and pillowed inside and to
i be shellacked and varnished outside, and the
; tops to be fastened down with not less than fcix
; screws. In all smallpox cases the coffin shall
i be lined with No. 10 zinc Instead of with mus-
j lin, and hermetically sealed, and all coffins
used must be subject to the inspection and
' approval of the officer In charge of the insti-
tution from which the body of the decedent is
; to be buried, and must in all cases be taken
; to such institution for the purpose of having
; the deceased placed therein.
No bid will be considered from any party v/ho
has not been engaged in the undertaking busi-
ness in this city and county and conducted said
business in a reputable manner for a period of
at least six months immediately preceding the
date hereof.
The grave to be excavated to a depth of, at
least six feet.
No body to be removed from the institution
where it lies awaiting burial within a period of
I twenty-four hours after death, except by ex-
press order of the superintendent or officer in
I charge of said institution.
The contractor will be required in all cases
I on the death of ti»e indigent person irom in-
fectious disease to inter the body of said de-
cedent within such time as may be designated
by notice from the superintendent or officer in
; charge of the institution where the death may
: have occurred, and In all other cases within
thirty-six hours after notification by the pro-
per officer.
The contractor will further be required to
convey the bodies of decedents committed to
i his charge for interment direct from the in-
stitution from which he receives the same to
the cemetery, and then and there bury the
same. And will not be permitted upon any
consideration to convey such bodies to any In-
termediate resting place, or to keep the same
in his custody for a longer period than that re-
quired for their transit to the cemetery.
Should the friends of any decedent apply at
t.i" institution where such decedent may be
lying awaiting burial, for -"fission to bury
j the same, and prove to the superintendent or
i officer in charge of said institution that their
! purpose is to provide a dtcent burial, and that
> they have no intention and will not allow the
body to be used for the purpose of dissection,
| then and in that case the body - * said de-
I ceased shall be delivered to said friends, who
shall take charge thereof and make the neces-
sary arrangements for the funeral with any
undertaker they may think fit; but in such
event the contractor aforesaid shall have no
claim against the city for the burial of said
decedent.
The party to whom the contract may be
! awarded shall be required, In all cases, to pro-
cure from the superintendent of the cemetery
wherein the burials have been made a certifi-
cate of the proper burial of each person under
the provisions of his contract and of these
Bpeciflcationa: and such certificate must, In all
caseß, be attached to the demand of said con-
tractor when presented to the Board of Super-
visors for approval, and must state the names
of the decedents and the Institutions from
which the body was procured.
In case of the violation of any of the above
conditions, the "contract shall be terminated by
said city and county.
The party to whom the contract Is awarded
will lie required, prior to or at the time of the
execution of said contract, to nay the cost of
advertising this notice (and a fosiaw notice) in
three- dally newspapers, amounting In all to
six hundred and fifty-five dollars and eighty-
two cents ($656 82).
All Interments of indigent persons the cx-
i penses of which must be borne by the city and
; county (other than those from any of the public
' Institutions) must be authorize.! by the health
j officer issuing a permit therefor, and all bills
I for such Interments to be approved by the \
j health officer prior to l>e!ng presented to this I
j board. All demands for the burial of indigent i
! persons from any of the public institutions to !
i be approved by the superintendent of the Insti-
; tution at which the death occurs, prior to being
presented to this board.
Bidders will estimate and state a specific
amount for each interment.
In order to preserve the uniformity and to
1 facilitate the award, the board ha» resolved to |
receive no bids unless made upon blank forms j
prepared by the committee, and a certified i
check for the sum of five hundred (s',f.o) do!- |
lars In favor of and made payable to the clerk j
of the Board of Supervisors, must be deposited
by the bidder, conditioned that if the proposal i
Is accepted and the contract awarded: and if
the bidder shall fail or neglect to pay the print- j
ing charges, execute th» contract and give a I
bond of five thousand ($5000) dollars, required !
within six days after the award is made, then, I
and In that ease, the said sum shall be col- !
lected and paid Into the city and county treas- I
ury by said clerk, as liquidated damages for ■
such failure and neglect.
Blanks furnished by the clerk.
Thf- board reserves the right to reject all bids
if the public good so require.
if tne puoi s JNO A R frae_t_, C 1 (. rle
PROPOSALS for drayapre— General depot of the
Quartermaster' f Department, San Francisco, i
Cal May 11. WWf- Sealed proposals for the
hauling of Military Stores and Supplies in :
and about the City of San Francisco. Cal., I
for the fiscal year commencing July 1, 1898, I
will be received at this office until 11 o'clock '
v m on Saturday, the 11th day of June,
IS9S and then opened. The Government re- !
Bfervee the right to reject any or all pro- :
posals. All necessary information will be fur-
nished on application to this office. OSCAR
F. LONG, Assistant Quartermaster, U. S.
a!. In charge depot.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 12, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
ALL OVER TOWN —
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery. •
COTTAGE; modern; bay-window; 4 rooms;
stylishly furnished; rent $17. Address C. E-,
box 2626, Call office.
ELEGANT S-room houses: Sixth aye.. bet. Cal-
ifornia and Lake; prices will surprise you.
MARCL'SE & REMMEL. 028 Market st.
NICE sunny dwelling; 441 Fifth st.. near
Bryant; 7 good rooms; large yard; $20.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET. '
FURNISHED cottage, four rooms; bath; yard;
3524 Nineteenth st. Inquire UMBSEN &
CO.; rent $15.
TAYLOR, 810— Completely furnished sunny
house, 10 rooms ana bath. Call bet. 1:30 and
4 p. m.
COTTAGES TO LET.
7- ROOM. new. $17. or will sell; $260 cash, bal.
$20 month. MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market st.
ARMY, BC2SA— Sunny cottage 6 rooms, base-
ment; rent $8; rear cottage. __
$7—SUNNY bay-window cottage 5 rooms near
34th and Mission. Apply 64 Silver St.. off 3d.
$20— COTTAGE: 5 rooms; prettiest In city; new;
2963 Twenty-first et. ; key at corner grocery.
FLATS TO LET.
A 5-ROOM flat, 815 O'Farrell St., near Mason;
rent cheap. Apply 15 Grant aye.
A RARELY beautiful flat; NW. cor. Sutter and
Scott; 6 big rooms; $25. Key 2300 Sutter st.
A BNAP— Lower flat 2160 Fifteenth st., near
Noe; modern 5 rooms, bath and basement;
sunny side; rent $16.
CHENERY, 92, near Thirtieth— Nice flats; 5
rooms and bath, $12; 4 rooms and bath, $10.
ELEGANT lower flat; Just completed; beauti-
fully tinted; newest Improvements; 6 rooms;
three bay-windows. Shrader St., near Waller.
EIGHTH, $10%— 8 rooms, nice order; $9.
FLAT of 7 sunny rooms and bath; modern im-
provements. 3435 Twentieth St., between
Howard and Capp.
MCALLISTER, 726— Upper flat, 7 rooms; bath;
rent $20. Key 728.__^
MINNA, 25 — 4 rooms, $10; 801 Union, corner
Mason, 5 rooms, $12; 1114 Union, 6 rooms,
bath, $17 60.
NICELY furnished flat; 5 rooms and bath. Ap-
ply 111 Liberty st.
POLK, 1710, near Clay— New bay-window
sunny flat, 7 rooms and bath, $26.
SULLIVAN, 221, near Stanyan— 6 rooms and
bath; water free; rent $14.
$B^3 CLEAN unfurnished rooms; sanitary
plumbing; large yard. 727 Minna St., near Sth.
$14— COZY sunny lower flat 4 rooms, bath and
yard. 8 Shotwell st., near Fourteenth.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Ta» Weekly
Call. In wrapper, for mailing.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT 446 Thirteenth, cor. Guerrero, sunny fur-
nished housekeeping room; kitchen; bath; $10.
EDDY, 917— Very pleasant, nicely furnished
housekpg rooms ; gas range; splendid location.
FOURTH, 22.V— Furnished rooms for light
housekeeping; reasonable.
FIFTH 314— Large sunny front housekeeping
room; complete; bath; private; $8; also 2
others, $11.
FIFTH, 325— Clean, furnished double parlors,
kitchen and bath, $22; alto one, $7.
FIFTH, 425 1 - Front room and kitchen newly
furnished for housekeeping; also others.
FULTON, 41— Comfortably furnished front
room and kitchen; $12 month; private family.
FULTON, 121—2 fine sunny furnished iront
rooms; range; large yard; rent JU2.
GEARY, 1917— 4 comfortable rooms for adults;
gas and coal stoves; 2 beds; all necessaries;
$20.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 620—3 sunny rooms, bay-
window, furnished for housekeeping.
HAVES. B_ Sunny bay-window lront suite;
complete; housekpg; fas range; private fam.
MARKKT. 1028 3 rooms foraiahad for house-
keeping, $10; call mornings <<, evenings 7.
MISSION. -': : i Completely furnished, clean,
sunny front housekeeping rooms; gas: bath.
MISSION, Sat— r Large sunny suite, complete for
housekeeping, J10; light housekeeping. $6.
MISSION, 951—2 sunny front rooms, complete
for housekeeping.
MIX.VA. 2* -Sunny furnished rooms, $1 per
week; sunny housekeeping rooms.
NINTH. 21— Large bay-window room for house-
keeping; cooking stove; running water.
SHOTWELL, Ml I wumy rooms; bath; wash
trayr; side entrance: rent $!'; key upstairs.
SUITE of 2 nice front sunny rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; 2 folding beds, 1 In
kitchen and 1 in bedroom, with suit to
match: furniture all new: $3 per week; suit-
able for 4 or 5 persons. Apply at shoe *tore,
562 Mission St.. between First and Second^
TENTH, UB, cor. Minna— Sunny housekeeping
rooms: range; running water; also single; rea-
sonable.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3728, near Dolores— Sunny
bay-window rooms for housekeeping.
TURK, 543— Large front rooms complete for
housekeepir gas and bath; $12 and $16.
VAN NKBB nve.. 400— Most elegant, sunny cor.
flat; 3 rooms and bath; complete for house-
keeping; no children; all front rooms.
WILLOW AYE. 30 — 2 furnished or unfurnished
alcove rooms; $12.
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads tnken.
FURNISHED FLATS.
FURNISHED fiat of 6 rooms and bath. Call,
after 6 p. m., ¥*) Sanchez, cor. Seventeenth;
rent $25.
ROOMS TO LET.
APARTMENTS: quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co.. 22 Stockton et. Trunks
moved to any part of city. 2ac; phone. Main 44.
ARLINGTON Houße. 127 Kearny st.— Plea»ant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; flrst-cl***
In every respect: term 3 reasonable.
AT Hyde, 609; Sutter, 715-71'.)— Furnished and
unfurnished; choice and sunny; reasonable.
AT 242 Stockton, sunny rooms, pretty view,
quiet house; baths, gas; very reasonable.
BOHEMIA. 239 Post-New elegantly furnished
rms.; gentlemen, families; elevator, transient.
DELAWARE. 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms. ; $8, $10 mo.
EDDY, 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms per in<r.t.
60c to It; week. $2 tn »«: families.
EDDY, 216— Sunny furnished suite and single
rooms; also housekeeping rooms.
EDDY, 427— Small sunny room; double bed;
rent $!> per month.
EDDY, 761— Newly furnished sunny rooms;
bath; gas; private family; very reasonable.
ELEVENTH, 124 A —Single, newly furnished
sunny front room, $5 per month.
ELLIS. 418 (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
rooms and suites for gents. $1 60 to $8 week.
ELLIB, 432— Nicely furnished front and back
single rooms, $6 and $8 a month; bath; gas.
FIFTH, 107 — Pleasant sunny unfurnished
rooms to let.
FOLBOM, 766 Vi — Neatly furnished roomB; $4
and $5; every convenience.
GEARY, 622— Newly furnished sunny bay-win-
dow room; also single rooms; bath and gas.
GEARY, 656, formerly 618 — Elegant sunny
suites; light housekpg; double & single rms.
GEARY, 808A — 2 or 3 unfurnished sunny rooms;
modern house.
GOLDEN GATE, Sl7A — Large sunny room suit-
able for 1 or 2 persons.
HAIGHT, 523V4— Large sunny front room suit-
able for 1 or 2 gentlemen; reasonable.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 781 Mission: nelect family
rooming house: $1 60 to $6 per week.
HOWARD. 715. BT. DAVID'S — 800 rooms:
tuitee; single; sunny reading room: 25c up.
LARGE sunny room, newly furnished, near
Park; gentleman; references. Address F. R.,
box 4, Call office.
MASON. 18 (Silver State)— Elegantly furnished
rooms, single by the week. $1 B0 to $3; suite*,
$4 to $6; baths: hot water; transient; elevator.
MASON, 413. opp. Native Sons' Hall— Nicely
furnished sunny parlors; very reasonable.
NATOMA, 242— Furnished front room.
OAK, 118— Large double room; bath; gentlemen
preferred.
O'FARRELL. 231— New management, new fur-
niture; elegantly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms; bath and gas; rent reasonable.
O'FAHRELL, 210 A —Sunny bay-window front
room, $12; other rooms, $8 and $10.
O'FARRELL. 327— Handsomely furnished front
room; alBO single rooms, $5 month up.
O'FARRELL, 619 — Sunny room in private fam-
ily; rent $8.
O'FARRELL, 770, bet. Hyde and Larkin— Fur-
nished rooms.
O'FARRELL. 923. near Van Nes»— A nice
sunny furnished room, |4.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
POST 622 — Sunny suite or single rocaas; first-
class in every respect. MRS. M. SCHULZ.
POST 910— Sunny room for gentleman; upper
fla- ; private family; $8.
POWELL, 147, and 211 O'Farrell— Nice fur-
nished rooms by day, week or month.
SECOND £• — Nice clean single, double and
light housekeeping rooms; $1 week up.
SHERMAN Apartment House. B Etßhth st..
near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
TAYLOR 211— Nl—fly furnished sunny rooms
single or en suite; also bath; reasonable.
TAYLOR, 715 — A lovely furniehed parlor suite,
with piano; references.
TAYLOR, 10*—. "**!• rooms $1 and $1 50 week;
large sunny room $2 week. ,
TENTH. 123, near Market— Nice large sunny
bay-window rooms; kitchen If desired.
WEBSTER, 711—3 or 4 large sunny rooms, fur-
nished or unfurnished; bath.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
ELEGANT sunny rooms; new house: new fur-
niture; also first-class meals; healthiest part
of SAn Francisco. The Slrlus, 1506 Stockton.
ELLIS 618— Nicely furnished rooms; best
board: $5 per week.
FULTON * 833 (The Mizpah)— A quiet family
hotel; modern sunny rooms, single and en
suite;' exceptional table; terms reasonable.
FOLSOM .1 Bwedlrt private bO_T— (_K with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
HYDE 1105 <The Victoria)— Elegant rooms:
good 'board: nice location; new management.
HYDE 408 Double and single rooms; first-
class 'board; Spanish: $20 a month up.
HYDE MS— Sunny rooms; good board; pretty
grounds; select location. Mrs. Brotherton.
PINE, 743- Sunny single rooms; excellent
board; $20 per month.
SOUTH" PARK, I"i!i— Good table board, $3 per
week; with nice sunny Tront room, $4 week.
SUTTER 1128— Sunny suite: single rooms; flrst-
class board; largegrounds. Mrs. W. F. Evans.
THE Tongworth. 532 Geary— Remodeled; ele-
gantly furniehed; good board: choice location.
VAN NESS aye., SOS — Beautiful sunny rooms;
modern; newly furnished; with board.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
chTldren boarded.
CHILDREN boarded, $10 to $15 a month. 2134
Essex St.. Peralta P. P., South Berkeley. Cat.
IN elderly lady will take Infants to board; a
' motrmr'M care: references. 234H Sixth at.
MODEBfN citta.ee; 401 Laurel, cor. Sacramento
St.; sun all day. MADISON & BURKE.
STORES TO LET.
MISSION. 2946— Store, with rooms.
NICE large store to let at 623 Post St.; rent
$20.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st. Book-
keeping business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical civil and mining engineering; sur^
veying. assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1592; catalogue.
AYRES 1 Business '-liege, 723 Market st.;
Individual instruction In shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship $50; low rates per week and month.
ENGLISH. Latin, mathematics, literature a
specialty; hours s a. m. to 12 m.. and even-
ings. MISS ROULSTON, 77C O'Farrell s^
UNIVERSITY Coach— Newei Perry. Ph. 8., Fel-
low In Mathematics, IT. C, 2407 S. Atherton,
nr. Charming way, Berkeley; write for circular.
ENGINEERING School; civil, electrical, min-
ing mech, purvey, assay, an-hit. ; day & eve. ;
pot.' vw. Vax DBR NAILLEW. 933 Market,
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course In Tarr's counting room mokes you
thorough. Room 572, 168 Markt-t st.
SHORTHANI' t.iiißht: very accurate, quickly
acquired system. MIPS H., MS Fillmore St.
SHORTHANI': to -.vrlte 100 wnrds a minute;
taught in one month; terms $10. 712 Van Ness.
VOICE culture, piano. Paris graduate: French.
Spanteh; ni ' w classes; $2 mo. 109 Taylor st.
THE Lyceum (accredited) prepares for the uni-
versity, law and medical colleges. Phelan bdg.
i'EST and best In America— The Weekly
Call Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free.
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quirk cure guar-
anteed: any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay «elf-cure sent; call or write; free: con-
fidential. MRS. M. DA VIES. 59 McAllister
6t.: pills, H; very strong, $2; cure, $5.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects; taken in time It also arts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box, sent free by
mail on receipt of price: consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 33
Grant aye., S. F. A Caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
A SURE cure when others fall for all female
troubles; every woman her own physician;
cured at once; never fails; ,-an be sent and
used at home: safe treatment euaninteed;
travelers helped In a few hours; consulta-
tion free: if you wp.nt to be '-eated safe and
sure call on a physician with men's knowl-
edge. DR. POPPER. 31S Kearny st.
DRS. GOODWIN mokes a specialty of diseases
of women; irregularities from any cause re-
stored In one day. or no charge; restores
strength and vigor of or^an unexcelled; ma-
ternity home: best medical attendance; low
fees; cure, $T>; pills, $1: when others fall,
Bee free of charge. 401 Van Ness aye., near
McAllister st.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly Irregularities (from whatever cause)
In a few hours; safe and sure at all times
when others have failed; no instruments used;
home in confinement; pills and capsules. $1;
every rase guaranteed; consultation free and
confidential; hours 10 to 5 and 7 to 8. MRS.
DR. WYETH, 20S Turk St.. near Jones.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; a home in confinement, with best
possible can'; with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital: thbse sick or discour-
aged call on the doctor and state thetr case;
they will find In her a true friend. MRS.
DR. GWYER, m Turk st.
A Ti'.RATMKNT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities, from what-
ever cause: no Instruments used: guaranteed
cure at office. $5; travelers helped Instantly:
home in confinement; consult free; hours lOto
5. 7 to 8. DR. and MRS. KOHL, 1122 Market.
I'll. WTSE'S private sanitarium, 307 Jones St.,
formerly of 800 Kearny and late of Belvlew
Hcspital, N. V. ; disease of women; advice
free; experienced lady attendant.
LADIES, Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pflls
(Diamond Brand), best; safe, reliable: take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars.
"Relief for Indies"; letter by return mail; at
dragglsts. Chlchester Chemical Co., Phila.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro; price
$150; RICHARDS _ CO.. 406 Clay St.; send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., 631 X St., Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D.; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
ELECTRICAL treatments; cures all monthly
Irregularities; no medicine; no pain: lady at-
tendant; hours 9-4. 7-8. 2208% MlPston at.
DRS. DONOVAN, 1306 Folsom Bt., takes ladles
at her home in their confinement; firms mod-
erate and everything strictly confidential.
DR. HALL. 9 McAllister st. ; diseases of
women and children.
LADIEP— Mrs. Dr. Puetz; Infallible, safe rem-
edies; SS years' experiencp. 254V4 Fourth st.
HOME In confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FfNKE. 1416 Sth st.. Alameda.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Suliprrlptlonfl and want a<i-j tnken.
Lost.
LOST^fimall puree containing jewelry and
coin on Flllmore st., bet. Butter and Califor-
nia. Please return to room 38. Merchants'
Exchange building, and receive large reward.
LOST— i black fur boa in vicinity of Fourth
and Harrison sts. Return to room 415, Call
building and receive reward.
OLD watoh. Finder will be suitably rewarded
by delivering J>22 Post st.
$5 REWARD— Lost this morning on the 10:45
Berkeley train, a black lace scarf. Finder
will receive the above reward by returning
same to 23^_La_kle St.
LOST— On Market st.. a Knights of Pythias
watch charm, liberal reward. m. VOOR-
SANOER. Occidental Hotel.
LOST— May 9. little Tokes hunt bitch; name,
Hilda. $1 n reward at 294 Xatoma st.
LOST Strayed or Stolen— English pug. answers
to name of Don; generally when in repose
keeps part of his tongue out of side of his
mouth. Suitable reward will be paid and no
questions asked on his return to 1714 Van
Ness ave.^
LOST— A pass book with the T~'bernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, <- the
name of CATHERINE FARRELL. No. 215,165.
The finder will please return to bank.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
THE REYNOLDS CO.
New Real Estate firm rustling for business.
Call and see us. 403 Examiner building.
Income property sacrificed; 14 houses bring-
ing in over $1950 per year to present owner;
will exchange for city real estate or good col-
lateral securities ; material discount for cash;
loss of family the reason; investigation solic-
ited; price $11,000. THE REYNOLDS CO.. 403
Examiner building.
A beautiful modern home at a bargain; on
a popular residence street: finished in polished
redwood and Monterey cypress; assorted variety
of shade and fruit trees; 75 rose bushes, palms,
lawn, etc.; 7 rooms, attic and cellar; stable and
outhouse; price J5000; cost twice that much;
lot 50x250. THE REYNOLDS CO., 403 Exami-
ner building.
House in Palo Alto— Will exchange for city
or country property; will pay cash difference;
lot In San Jose will exchange for outside land.
THE REYNOLDS CO., 403, Examiner building.
Lots In the south side section at a bargain to
settle an estate. THE REYNOLDS CO., 403
Examiner building.
Chicken ranch, well equipped, for rent, 34
acres; good house 8 rooms, barn, well, wind-
mill and tank; incubator 600 etrsrs; brick brood-
er, horse, wagon; Sonoma County. THE REY-
NOLDS CO., 403 Examiner building.
Exchange for ranch— 4 flats; vary desirable;
well located; one flat has stove in front; price
$8600. THE REYNOLDS CO., 403 Examiner
building.
Al Horiger. Louis A. Souc.
L. A. SOUC & CO.
REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE
BROKERS.
HOUBES RENTED. RENTS COLLECTED.
465 and 467 Valencia St., near Sixteenth.
As we make a specialty of Mission property
and are right on the spot we can save you time
and money by calling on us at once.
A few of the bargains and snaps we offer this
week:
$5500—25x80; Valencia St.; house of 8 rooms,
bath.
$8500 — 60x80; Mission St.; store; flats and cot-
tage.
$?,=ino— 24xloo ; Mission st.; store and 2 flats.
$2500—25x100; Walter St., bet. 13th and 14th;
cottage 5 rooms and bath.
$2300—24x75; Lexington aye; 3 and 4 room flats.
$2600—25x80; San Carlos aye.; house 6 rooms
and bath. - j
$1700 — 22x70; Rondell St., near 16th; cottage 5
rooms and bath.
$1300— 25x114— 28th st. ; cottage 4 rooms, bath.
$2000—25x114; 27th St.; cottage 5 rooms, bath.
CHEAP VACANT LOTS.
$800—25x100; Dorland St., hear Dolores.
$650—25x100; Sanchez, near ISth st.
$800—25x114; Jersey st., near 24th.
jiono — ?5x8O; 24th. near Castro st.
11350—25x90; Church St., near 18th.
JlOO0 — 25x100; Sharon St., near Market.
$400—25x100; Rhode Island St., near 23d.
L. A. SOUC & CO.,
463-467 Valencia St., near Sixteenth.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM A, FIRST FLOOR,
CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
SECURE A HOME.
Poeitively Beat Bargains! Easiest Terms!
$100, $150 to $230; level building lots near
Misslon-st. electric cars: only $3 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
SUNSET HEIGHTS LOTS!
$400, $450 to $850; graded officially; superb
view; $25 down and $10 monthly.
6OL GETZ & BROTHER.
RICHMOND LOTS'.
$400, $450 to $800; choicest building lots;
streets graded and sewered; $25 down; $10
monthly. SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
$1350 to $1SOO; choice, almost new, cottage in
Richmond and Sunset Heights; easy payments.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Call for maps and diagrams.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
Room A, Crocker building.
ONLY $1050— Nice 5-room cottage in Oakland;
cost owner $2000 cash; large lot; brick founda-
tion: nice garden, etc.; will accept very small
cash payment and balance to suit at very
low interest: positively a great chance for a
poor m.in with little money. H. MURPHY,
628 Market st.
$3000— EXCHANGE, pair new flats, city, 5 rooms
each. HOVEY, 8, second floor. Mills building.
6 NEW modern 2-story houses; grand unob-
etructlhle marine view; 6 and 8 rooms; lots
27:6x110; $3600 and $3800; cash or Installments.
Leavenworth St., near Lombard.
COTTAGE. 5 rooms, bath and all the latest
Improvements; terms to suit; lot 26:3x100.
Apply at premises, 2527 Harrlf.on st.. bet.
21st and 22d.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 60. postaga
free.
MOSEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda. at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions: no delays. J.
KOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14.
ANY amount at 6*4 peT cent on real estate; 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate, furniture without n-mova.l. R. Mc-
COLGAN, 24 Montgomery St., room ;.
|S UP to any amount on Indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or Jewelry; all business
strictly confidential; private offices. M. E.
DOUG AN & CO., 230 Kearny St.. upstairs.
HIOHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
el jf at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 94S Market st. ; tel. Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos; city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; J25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
REAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co.. 323 Montgomery.
ANY sum. Ist or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
bnte. etc. Room 7. 508 California st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg. :
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country; any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY, 628 Market at.
ON pianos, furniture: no removal; lowest
rates; no com.; private. 116 McAllister st.
MONTGOMERY. 527. cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock; brnnch office of The Call. Subscrlp-
tlons and want ada tnken.
FI>'ANCIA_
LOANS on real estate, bonds, etc. ; lowest
rates. McAFER BROS.. IPS Montgomery st.
PAWNBROKERS.
BK WISE and borrow from the Cut Rate Loan
Office, 22 Mason st., bet. Market and Eddy.
FOR SAL.X— MIS! KLLANEOUS.
BEEF CATTLE
100 to 150 head for sale. Apply immediately
to G. W. CALL, Fort Ross, Sonoma County,
California.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, show cases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fi-tures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOON AN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission st., above Sixth.
NEW centerboard fishing boat 21 feet long, 8
feet wide, copper fastened, oak ribs, clinker-
built: has never been In water; will sell for
less than half cost. SMITH CO.. 627 Mission.
FOR Sale— <s up; good second-hand sewing
machines; bargains In new machines which
have been returned for non-payment. A. C.
BROWN. 1360 Market «t.
4%-HORSE power motor, $85. 328 Bush St.,
room 4.
SODA fountain, used one year, for less than
half cost: good ac new. 615 Larkin st.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl,
goods; new, 2d-hand. Smith Co., 627 Mission.
ENGINE, boiler, dynamo, motor, belts and
pump. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st. ___
J R POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
'building material. 1124 Mission; tel. So. 787.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, Frcmor.t >v H "iupl.
SAFES — New and second-hand; cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc, 533 Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 103-111 Market. S. F.
OBAPHOPHONB-j lift; Record-, $6 per doz.;
Projectoscope, $100. Bacigalupi, 933-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill. Bcale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc..
bought and sold 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
STORAGE.
AT low rates— Furniture, carpets, pianos,
household goods; clean, light compartments;
advances made. J. NOOXAN. 1017 to 1022
Mission St., abnv Sixth; .pen evening^.
AT lowest rates— Household goods, pianos; ad-
vances made; fireproof building. F. W.
ZEHFUSS, 840 Mission st. Tel. Mint 1821.
FOlflowest rates go to LOUIS J. NEUMAN,
121 Sixth St.. open evenings.
TRUNKS, No - mo. ; other goods at low rates.
Signal Transfer Co.. 530 Jones; tel. Butter 441.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.;
office. Tenth and Market; tel. P'Hi'h itM.
"^TYPEWRITERS.
TOST?" good order. $25; send for sample work.
BCOTT & BANXAN, 333 Montgomery St.
ALxTtypewriteni »eld and isnted; few partly
used for eale cheap; send for «ample« and
priceß. ALEXANDER A CO.. 110 Montgomery
COUNTRY real ESTATE.
a^v!neyakd~ai^^su^u^Sa^h^meF~"
■; With a good income; 50 acres, nearly all .in
full beaxine vines; ; half mile from Warm
Springs, Alameda County; ' improvements flrst-
class; price $11.000. ■->-s McAFEE BROTHERS.
AT San Mateo— A charming country home,
with 12 acres of land, good buildings, beauti-
■■■• ful garden, . family • orchard, etc.; an ideal
, place; price only $16,000. McAFEE BROS.
PAYS $8000 NET PER YEAR " — —
A splendid - investment; ■• finely "'■ Improved
ranch .< property in . Alameda County; price
* $160,000. ; McAFEE BROTHERS. •-. ; -
-HIGHLY" Improved vineyard property, near
Calietog-a; 100 . acres for $11 700: would con-
sider exchange for ■ one-half; - balance cash.
;, ■ McAFEE BROTHERS.
160 ACRES near Cotton wood, Tehama County:
18 acres in vineyard; 8 acres in orchard: bal-
ance In hay . and ; pasture • land; house, - ( barn
and outbuildings; price: $6500. • ■
:-;.. ■ McAFEE. : BROTHERS.
WRITE for list; good land. $10 and $20 an aero.
M. GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta Co.. CaL
A WEEK'S v news " for i 6 cents— The Weekly
■ '■- Call, •in - wrapper, for mailing. - - ■ : ;
LARKSPUR ; REAL ESTATE.
BEAUTIFUL HOMES IN LARKSPUR. ;
Villa lots and acreage; easy terms; 4s mlnatM
from the city: cottage* for rent. AMERICAN
LAND TRUST CO.. IS? Market st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$400 CASH— lovely ; home; 2-story new mod-
ern house of : 6 rooms , and • bath; high base-
ment: complete and up-to-date, perfect home;
grandest location ever found; Galindo Tract,-
. ! East Oakland, on Peralta < avenue, I ' block
east from ; Frultvale aye. ; ' Peralta aye. -v has
• city water and sewer, 2 electric car lines and
•fine school; price $1800; monthly payments as
rent. 455 Seventh St., cor. - Broadway, Oak-
- land. Carriage free. Galindo Tract. H. .Z.
JONES, Owner. • ..
FOR SALE— Oakland, Just completed, mod- ,
- crn Yin ■ design and arrangement, ,' 2-story, 7- '
room house; 3 minutes from local station; lot
40x125; surroundings the best: a bargain;
terms to suit • purchaser. HERON & HOL-
COMB, 1050 Broadway, Oakland. "
COTTAGE in San Jose; corner lot; clear: will
exchange for S. F. or Oakland home same
. value. E. E. BUNCE, 90S Broadway, Oak-
lan I, Cal. . . :..-..■: ..-..■
OAKLAND ' HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSES TO LET IN OAKLAnId^ T" ""=
Corner cottage, 5 r00m5.........; .'. |17
■'. Lower, sunny flat,' 5 rooms 12
Upper modern flat, 6 rooms ................ 14
2-story . neat . 6-room house 18
Choice sunny 8-room house 22
10-room residence, fine................ ..'6O
' These and many more, - both - larger ' and
smaller. WM. M -DE WOLF. 1058 Broadway.
OAKLAND ROOMS.
GLOBE ■ Housts . 821 1 Howard— Per night, 23c to
$1; week, $1 to $4: reading-room: Howard cars.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
ELEGANT sunny suite; hot and cold water:
vacant May Ist. THE LORNE. 562 Eighth st.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE and household goods this week.
SCHELLHAAS' old store, 408 Eleventh st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
, ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
FIRST COME, FIRST SERVED.
JUST LIKE PAYING . RENT.
- $1200, $1700, $1800, $2200, $2600, $3000.
The above ; are lovely cottages, which have
been thrown on the market for non-payment
of installments, and they are now offered at a
great sacrifice to close accounts. They contain
4. 5, 6 and 7 rooms, and are finished up to date;
almost new, and located near scnools and sta-
tions. .
We are going to weed them out, : and invite I
inspection. . MARCUSE & REMMEL.
Bay-st. station, Alameda, and 628 Market St.,
Pan Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.. -
$750 — 50x270 ; \ modern cottage 5 rooms, near
$12Wi— Sacrifice: corner lot 35x140; good house
of 6 rooms and one of 4 rooms.
$16('f»— Lot Wxli'O: fine cottage of 7 rooms
and bath: near Chestnut station.
$2*50— 5150 cash: $2f. per month; lot 40x150;
only 2 blocks from station and high school.
$2T.".o — New house of 7 rooms and bath; lot
42x15"; choice location; very easy terms.
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park St.
GIVEN away — $3000; lot sSxl'"*4: cottage 6 rooms,
bath: SW. cur. Park st. and Blandlng aye.;
property on easy installments in all parts of
Alamedn. C. J. LANCASTER. Real Estate
Agent, Notary Public, 134 ft Park st., Alameda.
SNAP— New house and bath; lot 50x150; good
location: ."> minutes' walk from station. Ap-
ply to owner, ;»!2 Chapin st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
. Call. ■ Sent to any address : in the United
- J States or Canada one ; year for $1 50, postage
" free. " ■ - ' . '.. > ' ■ ■.-■ ' - '
ALAMEDA ; HOUSES. ,
FURNISHED house. 9 . rooms; bath; piano;
June and July. 2241 Clinton aye., or J. S.
HOPKINS. 204 Pine St.. San Francisco.
WEBER. 1373. near Encinal station— Bunny
modern 7-room house, furnished or unfur-
n'.shed: marine ■ view. - *■-
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
EAST Berkeley — sunny corner; street work
done: best street near station; electric cars;
less $20" foot. T. P. STRONG, 480 Ninth St.,
• Oakland. ;.■ . .: : .'.-.■" .-.--:■ ■ ■:' >, ' ,*, *
14000— A thorough bargain— house,- new,
lot 60xlG0 ; : street work all done ; cement ' side-
walk; fine • view ; .'easy ■ terms. , : JOSEPH -J.
' MASON. Real Estate, Berkeley station. .'■
NEW house <>{ 8 rooms in Berkeley; cheap. In-
; quire 2BS. Fourth, corner Fol3cm.
" ~~DEXTISTS. '
A FULL set Sof J teeth, $v; see • new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted teh years;
teeth without plates, -. crown and bridge work
our specialty; nil ings. 00c; ; crowns, $3 50; all
..- work painless , and warranted. r; Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie, 1132.
NEW YORK dentists;? painless; extraction;
teeth, .per set, $5 up; gold filling, 75c up; sil-
! ver, 250 up;' old-plates, made over, $1 ; up; -all
work warranted; open evenings and Sundays.
969 Mission st., ■ cor. Sixth, end ' 371 Hayes st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market st. . nr. " 11th;
no charge for ■; extracting.- when plates >ra
". made ; • old ' plates ; made over like ; new; | teeth
;: ; from $8 per set; extracting 5Cc; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine '. Leek i dent-
ist,- discoverer .. of ." painless V extraction and
,~ patentee of improved bridge -work or < teeth
j without plate, : moved . from i 0 to 20 O'Farrell.
j VAN.VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth, • $5 up; i fillings, 25c up; all work
■ painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
ings. 997 Market St., corner Sixth. •
_ _
' DR. . LUELLA 1j ; COOL, Sutter, near Mason;
"i crowns, • - $5; ■ ; aluminum plates and bridge
work a specialty. ;: r : r - ■; : :: w --
L. A. TEAGUE, A. CANE and F. TEAGUE.
; removed to Call | bldg., 6th floor, rms. 603-807.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market at. v . a, ..■.•■.;: : :
BET of i teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st. /i -
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent ,to any address -In' the ..United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
paid."' - '- ' ' --■■■- . : - ■ , . -
MARRIAGE LICESSES.V :
The following couples ' have . been granted
marriage licenses:
, Joseph Verleyden and Mary A. Hughes,24— 22.
; James H. Jordan and Mary Walsh, — 22. :.
Fred E. Gallagher and Lydla Deckman,3l—
! Oscar Hunt ' and Hazel Ohm, 24—20. -
Edgar J." Davega and Melena/Booniller,32—
: Ray L. Fairchild and Emma Lee, 25— .. *.
' Philip McSwegan and Anna Kllcourse, - 25—23.
-•; John V. Honeyman ■ and Emma - Oosterman,
23— li». ■"-'-■•.' ■■'■■■ --. ■'• • .=;•- ' -■•• -"■■"■■
■ Karl F. Kraft . and Agnes Flood, 26—26. ■ •
■ Elmer L. Newman and Anna M. King, 36— 23.
William - McKown i and Jennie Mussed, i 22—22.
.. Jesse S. '"Andrews and Emma; Fisher, 30 — 24.
Philip P. •■ Sheridan and • Liia , E. Hadler,24— 2o.
' Manuel P. Macha/lo and Virginia 80r51,23— 17.
< William F.-Stanton and Emma Lowell, — 43.
. Almy .A. ■ Lawton ; and >■ Olive Milliken, 28—22.
• James E. Lawrie and Lena C.,Brien,-46— 36. ■
! r s FrMerlck .C." Higgins and : Margaret A. ; Dyas,
i 24—23. '-..--. .'■•■-'■ : .-"'■;.■■-.,: •'■'/;•-:■;■• s-..'r---^--..=,y •-•: ....
George E. Pllz and Emily Dodd, - 54—40.
J ■""■ Carl •J. Olson and : Hannah ' Merck, 47—32. ■"
" BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHST
V Birth, ■ marriage and * death ;; notices V sent >by
mall -> will - not ! » be i inserted. " They ' must - : . be
: handed '■ in ■• at either lof ; the , publication * offices
and be Indorsed with the name and residence of
persona authorized to have '.he same published..
pf^P # DOR.\. :
HAMBLY— In Alameda, May -7, 1893, to .'■ the
wife of H. B. Hambly, a son. .•,-•: .= . ; _.: ;
OLSEN— '; this city, J May 4, ; 1898, lto the wife
-V of J. M. Olsen, a son.'^a4ssi9KM93a@empS@
WATSON— In Berkeley. April 26, 1 1898; to th«
wife of James B. Watson Jr., a bob. ; •
MARRIED.
ABRAHAM— BOGLE— In this city. May 10.
IMB, by the Rev. Dr. J. Nleto, Louis J.
Abraham and Laura V. Bogle, both of San
Francisco.
COHEN— WOLF— In this city. May 10, 1898, by
the Rev. M. S. Levy, William Cohen and
Carrie M. Wolf, both of San Francisco.
PHILLIPS— GOSLINSKY— In this city, May 10.
1898, by the Rev. Dr. J. Nleto, Manuel Phil-
lips of Honolulu and Rosalie Goslinsky of San
Francisco.
SOMMER— SACKETT— In this city. May 10.
189 S. Ernst A. Scramer of Oregon City, Or.,
and Sara Sackett of New York City.
STEWART— SMITH— In this city. May 10, 1898,
by the Rev, William Rader, Stanley Stewart
and Anna M. Smith, both of San Francisco.
WIPRUT— FRANK— In this city, by the Rev.
M. S. Levy, Herman Wiprut of Napa and
t'elia Frank of San Francisco.
WOLF— BEARWALD— In this city. May 10.
18SS, by the Rev. M. S. Levy, David Wolf and
Dora Bearwald, both of San Francisco.
DIED.
Bohen. John Lee, Edmond
Connell, Bridget Mogan. Anthony A.
Connell, -homas Perry, Frank P.
Costello. Mary Perry, Sarah E.
Edgecomb. Mary A. Probert, Alexander
Falk. Annie C. Rlelly, Edward J.
Garniss, Julia R. Shanzer. Margaret
Guptill, Edwin A. Starkweather. Mary
Hassell, Joseph H. Sullivan, Anastasta
Kaskell. Ethel Synader, Mrs. Julia
Kennedy, Frederick Walsh, Mary E.
Kennedy, Julia Wells, Mattie A.
Kloppenburg, Agnes
BOHEN— In the City and County Hospital.
May 10, 1898, John Bohen, a native of lowa,
aged 46 years.
CONNELL—In this city. May 10, i.898, Bridget.
beloved wife of the late Thomas Connell, a
native of the narlsh of Milltown. County
Westmeath, Ireland, aged 63 years. (Brooy-
lyn an«l New York papers please copy.)
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
MoAvoy & Gallagher, 20 Fifth street, thence
to St. Francis Church. Vallejo street, corner
of Montgomery .avenue, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9:30 o'.clock. In-
terment Holy ("rips Cemetery.
CONNELL—In this city. May 10, 1838, Thomas,
beloved husband of the late Bridget Con-
nell, a native of the parish of Dicert, County
Westmeath, Ireland, aged 63 years. (Brook-
lyn and New Y.rk papers please copy.)
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
full}- invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Gallagher, 20 Fifth street, thence
to St. Francis Church, Vall^jo street, corner
of Montgomery avenue, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
COSTELLO— In this city. May 11, 1898. Mary,
relict of the late Walter Costello, and mother
of Mrs. R. E. Miller. Mrs. B. Lee. Mrs. M.
Cowperthwaite, Mrs. George Bailey and Lizzie,
Thomas and John Costello, a native of Ire-
land, aged 56 years.
lETFriendf and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter, Mrs. R. E. Miller, 516 Hill
street, thence to St. James Church, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
EDGECOMB— In this city, May 10, 1898. Mary
Agnew, beloved wife of B. W. Edgecomb. be-
loved mother of Daniel, Sadie, Cherry, Laura
and Thomas B. Edgecomb, and beloved sister
of Nellie Agnew, a native of New York, aged
36 years 6 months and 10 days. (Oakland,
Cal., papers please copy.)
ICTFriendE and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 4-4 Natoma street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where services will be held
for the repose of her soul, commencing at
10 o'clock. Interm»nt St. Mary's Cemetery.
Oakland, by 11 o'clock creek boat.
FALK— In Soledad, May 10, 189S, Annie C,
drarly beloved daughter of John and Hannah
Faik, and sister of Emma, Helen, Willie and
James Falk and Mrs. C. Stohl, a native of
Bf-niria, aged 20 years 7 months and 7 days.
GARNISS— In this city, May 11, 1838, Julia
R., wife of James R. Garniss of San Fran-
cisco, and second daughter of the late Gen-
eral Nathan Ranney of St. Louie, Mo., aged
63 years 8 months and 9 days. (St. Louis
papers please copy.)
Gt'PTILL— In this city, May 10. 1898, Edwin
A., beloved husband of Agnes Guptill, and
father of Paul W. Guptill and Mrs. Ernest
Lea, a native of Cleveland, Ohio, aged 53
years 2 months and 23 days.
lt3Trlendß and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
i Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co., y46 Mission street. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HASSELL— In this city, May 11, 1898, Joseph
H beloved hufcband of Ida A., and father
of Frank, Abbie. Ralph, Inez and Ruby Has-
sell, a native of Wisconsin, aged 44 years 6
months and 19 days.
KASKELL- In this city, May 10, 189S, Ethel,
beloved child of Abe and Hannah Kaskell, a
native of San Francisco, aged 2 years I
month and 6 days.
KENNEDY— In this city. May 11, 1898, Fred-
erick Eugene Kennedy, beloved grandson of
Mrs. Vktoire Chaigneau, and nephew of Mr.
Alfred, Mr. J. Paul and the late Dr. V. A.
Chaigneau. a native of San Francisco, aged
29 years 10 months and a days. (.Crescent
City papers please copy.)
EfyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(.Frilay). at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his grandmother, Mrs. V. Chaigneau, MM
Guerrero street, between Twenty-fifth and
Twenty-sixth.
KKN'NKDY— In the City and County Hospital,
•May 11, 189S, Julia Kennedy, a native of Ire-
land, aged 40 years.
KLOPPENBURG— In this city, May 11, 1898,
Agnes G., beloved wife of Victor W. Klop-
penburg, and sister of Llssie McGirr, a na-
tive of St. John, N. B.
LEE— In this city. May 10, 1898, Edmond. be-
loved brother of Patrick Lee, a native of Ire-
land, aged 29 years.
(E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Cortnor * Co., 767 Mission street. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
•MOGAN— In this city. May 10. 1898, at hl«
residence, 2051 Fifteenth street. Anthony A..
beloved son of Joseph R. and Sarah Mogan.
a native of San Francisco, aged 23 years.
C7"The funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), from Mission Dolores Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery, private. Please omit flowers.
PERRY— In this city. May 10, 1898. Frank P.,
beloved husband of Annie Perry, loving
father of Edward. Lizzie and Mary Perry,
and beloved brother of John, James, Ed-
ward and Patrick Parry, Mrs. Faulkner and
Mrs Roberts, a native of County Clare, Ire-
land. (Boston papers please copy.)
trT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:45 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1264 Noe street, thence to St.
Ignatius Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, commencing at 10:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PEtiliY-In this city. May 11. 189 S. Sarah E.,
beloved wife of Alvin B. Perry, mother
of Laura and Lottie Perry, daughter of Mrs.
E D Crosett, and sister of .Tames F., Al-
fonsa A. and Edward F. Crosett and Mrs.
Horace D. Randlett. a native of New York.
ICT Notice of funeral hereafter.
PKOBKRT— In this city. May 11, 1898, Alex-
ander W.. beloved husband of Mary E. Pro-
bert and brother-in-law of Mrs. Benjamin
F Bridges, a native of England, aged 44
years.
RIELLY-In this city, May 10, 1898, of diph-
theria, Edward James, beloved son of James
and Johanna Rielly. a native of San Fran-
cisco aged 1 year 9 months and 6 days.
tC^Th* funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of the parents, 1025 York street. Inter-
ment private.
SHANZER— In this city. May 11. 1898, Mar-
Karet beloved wife of Joseph Shanzer, and
mother of Philip and Josephine Shanzer. a
native of Ireland, aged 41 years.
C7"The funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her lato resi-
dence, 1013 Pierce street. Interment private,
Laurel Hill Cemetery-
STARKWEATHER— In this city, May 11. 1898,
Mary Starkweather, a native ot Providence,
R. I*
ET'The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday) at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 763 Hayee street. Interment private.
SNYADER— In the City and County Hospital.
May 11. IS.9S. Mrs. Julia Snyader, now under
the name of Mrs. Canadey.
SULLIVAN— In this city. May 11. 1898, Anasta-
sia beloved wife of the late John J. Sulli-
van and mother of Mrs. John Garvin, Mrs.
James CaffaH, Mrs. David Spowart and Jerry,
Katie John and the late Lawrence Sulli-
van, a native of County Tipperary, Ireland.
WALSH-In this city, May 10. IS9B. Mary E.
Walsh, beloved niece of Mrs. G. J. Carter, a
native of Ireland.
(r?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fuilv invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), from her late residence. 5 Rus-
sell street, thence to St. Bridget's Church,
where a mass will be held for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WKLLS— Entered into rest. May 11. IS9S, at
her residence, 710 Waller street, Mattle A.
Wells 'mother of Arthur Carlyle and George
Welis' and sister of Will, Fred and Mary
■'- Service* at St. ■ Stephen's ', Church, ■ Ful-
ton*^ street, between ' Flllmore and "Webster. .
: - to-morrow- (Friday).' at 2 o'clock. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
ST DOMINIC'S CHURCH BUILDING : ASSO-
ciation— Th; - 1 regular monthly , requiem ;■ high ,
mass for the deceased members of the above
association and for j the 'deceased' parents ;
and • relatives ■of the ; members, J will »be cele- "
' ' brated ■In * St. •> Dominic' s . Church, % Bush : and
Stelner streets, > this i day (Thursday), at ! ; - 9
■ I:" o'clrok. - r Friends ; are ; ln\-lted to ' attend. 1-^1 -^ •'
I-McAVOY & GALLAGHER, r| ?^
FUKIaAL DIRECTOKS & EiIUALMEai I '
id IITTH ST., Opp.- Lincoln B«Jio»L^ i.t I j -
Telephone, South sa'- 3
• • ■■• - ■ ■ ■ -'--' -~v"' ■:■'-•■■=-•"- "j-- -■■ '-.•■-.i- ■ -■
1112
ROBBED BY
TWO CLEVER
BUNKO MEN
Charles Becker Was
an Easy Victim of
Sharpers.
Claimed That They Were
Well-Known Lumber
Merchants.
Had Him Draw Five Hundred
Dollars Out of the
Bank.
THE POLICE NOTIFIED.
Ona of th« Robbers Is Said to Be
"Scarped Face" Rounds, a No
torious Thief.
Chief Lees and his detectives are
searching for two bunko men who clev
erly robbed Charles Becker, a young
man, of his savings, amounting to $500.
Last Sunday the men inserted an ad-
vertisement in a morning- paper, stat
ing that they were anxious to hire a
young man as clerk, and that it would
be necessary for him to furnish $500
as a guarantee that he would be faith
ful to his employers. The advertise
ment purported to have been inserted
by Jackman & Matson, wholesale lum
ber dealers. After reading the adver
tisement Baker, anxious to secure
work, went to the place designated by
the men, and was met by an old man
who represented that he was one of
the members of the lumber company.
He told the unsophisticated youth that
he was anxious to employ a clerk, but
stipulated that it would be necessary
for him to put up $500 as a guarantee
of good faith. Just then the other
bunko man appeared, and after being
.ntroduced as one of the firm of lumber
merchants, proceeded to question
Becker as to whether or not he had
any money. The foolish young man
told him he had $500 in bank, and of
fered to furnish that amount as a
guarantee that he would be true to his
employers.
The schemers told him to call on the
following day, when definite arrange
ments would »»• made to put him to
work. Becker showed op at the ap
pointed time and was met by one of
the bunko men. The latter told him
k would be necessar- fur him to fur
nish the $500 guarantee before he could
3ut him to work. Becker, thinking that
le was about to secure a good position,
took the schemer to the bank, where
ne had deposited his money, and drew
t out. After leaving the bank
Becker, at the request of his friend,
iurned the money over to him.
They walked along Montgomery street,
and when the Lick House was reached
:he stranger said he was anxious to see
i friend and asked Becker to wait until
ac returned. After waiting a long time
:he young man, realizing he had been
robbed, informed the first policeman he
net.
The latter took him to police head
quarters, where he was turned over to
Captain Seymour. The latter, after
.istening to his story, detailed Detec
:ives Ryan and ODea to find the bunko
jien. Last night the detectives, after
i thorough investigation, concluded
:hat one of the men Is a well-known
confidence operator named Rounds. He
svas arrested a short time ago for rob
bing an unsuspecting stranger, but es
raped being convicted in fhe Police
I^ourt.
Becker describes the older of the two
is being about 50 years of age and has
a deep scar on his left cheek. The
Dther is about 30 years of age and was
fashionable dressed. He believes he
ran identify them, in case they are ar
rested.
Patrick Kerrigan's Death.
Th* Coroner's jury yestorday. imuiirire-
Into the cause of the doath of Patrick
Kerrigan, who was killed May 3 by fall-
Ing off and bpinp run over by a flat car
used in hauling tii>s for the Park and
Ocean Railroad Company, returned the
following verdict: ""We find the cause of
death to be accidental through negligence
of the railroad company in not taking
proper precautions to prevent the ties
which fell on the deceased from falling
off the car."
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
MOTHERS
Read What CUTICURA REME-
DIES Have Done for Skin-
Tortured Babies.
'■ My little sister (Annie Matthewi, La Plata,
Charles County. Md.) had the cow-pox, when
only seven years old. She suffered terribly,
and everything we tried did no good. Every
time her clothes were taken off, every bit of
scab would come with them ; she was raw all
over. One box of Cuticcka (ointment) and '
a cake of Cuticuka Soap, cured her in three '
week*. Mrs. ELIZA ROVE.
Feb. 23/98. 1219 Fourth St., N. W. Wash.D.C.
My niece's little baby, two years old, was so
badly afflicted with Eczema that he needed
constant watching. His face was always full
of large sores which he scratched constantly.
Mornings, his clothes, face and hands were
stained with blood. They had medical treat-
ment, and tried everything. ! She commenced
Cuticoka Remedies. The sores left his face
and he was entirely cured. Mrs. L. J. ROOT,
Feb. 16, 1898. New Scotland, N. Y.
Our little boy was four weeks old when he '
had Eczema, in the most horrible state. His
face was full of scabs, and parts of the flesh
were raw. .; We used CimcaßA Soap and ono
box of Cuticuba (ointment), and in one week
this boy was as good as ever.
Mr. and Mrs. J. C. FREESE,
Feb. 15, 1838. 360 So. First St., Brooklyn.
When my boy was three weeks old, I noticed :
a very red roughness on his face. We bad
several doctors, but they did no good. I was
told to use Cuticuba Remedies, and after
using one box and a half of CcnouKAfoint-
znent>and Cuticuba Soap, he is entirely cured, j
" Mrs. W. G. LOVE, 7
I Feb. 26, "93.' 1913 Wilder St., Phila., Pa.
' Babiei on fire. babies burning up, babies In «zony from i
torturing and disfiguring, itchint; and burning, skin and
scalp diseases. None but mothers realize how they suf-
. fer. To know that a warm bath with Cvticcba Soap, I
' and a single anointing with CtnicrnA. purest of emol- |
lient skin cure», will afford Instant relief, permit rest and
sleep, and point to a speedy cure, and not to use them is
•to fail In your duty. Think of the years of suffering en-
tailed by such neglect. ■. Cures made la childhood are
• speedy, permanent, and economical. ' ;
I Bold ttoourhoutthe world. PoTTuDBVSAJrBCnic.
CO*P., Beit Praps., Bo»tsn. •■* ■ : ' ■" ,-_ . _JJI ' :
' JN«g^XA>U»«ntß*by-»Bto < »cal», aaAJßair >> ft*.
POISON FOR BROMO-SELTZER.
THOMAS GRIFFIN Given a Dose of Morphine to Steady His
Nerves.
Thomas Griffin, a middle-aged man, who is employed as teamster by the
Union Ice Company, walked into the Receiving Hospital yesterday morning and
declared that he had been poisoned. As he showed symptoms of morphine poi
soning the doctor in charge administered an antidote. Griffin seemed to grow
worse, and for a time it was thought he would die. Last night he recovered
sufficiently to tell his story. He claimed he entered a saloon at Geary and Lar
kin streets, and as he was feeling badly he asked the bartender to give him
something to "brace him up," as he expressed it. The bartender took a package
out of his pocket, and. tossing it to Griffin, told him to help himself. "That will
do you good," he remarked, "but look out you do not take too much of It." Grif
fin thinking that the package contained bromo-seltzer, poured the contents into
a glass of whisky and swallowed it. The bartender was busy at the time, but
when Griffin told him he had taken the entire dose he advised him to go to the
hospital. . .. tMt
"You have taken twenty-four grains of morphine," he remarked; that Btunr
I gave you was morphine.
Griffin lost no time in visiting the hospital, where he was relieved of a por
tion of the poison. Last night he was in a precarious condition, and the doctors
gave as their opinion that he could not possibly recover.
After being informed of the cause of Griffin's illness Captain Seymour or
dered Detective Ed Gibson to make a thorough investigation. He visited the sa
loon, and after obtaining the statement of Edward Pringle, the proprietor, took
him to the Receiving Hospital for the purpose of having Griffin identify him.
After scrutinizing him Griffin said he was not the man who gave him the poison.
Pringle however, declared that he waited on Griffin. He claims that the latter
visited his saloon and called for a glass of whisky. After drinking It he went
into a rear room, where he says he took the poison.
Captain Seymour is making an investigation, and if Griffin's story is true he
intends to arrest the bartender for supplying Griffin with morphine.
DANCING MASTER IN TROUBLE.
George Colvan Arrested for Threats
Against Life.
Professor George H. Colvan, who con
ducts a dancing school at Native Sons"
Hall, on Seventeenth street, was arrested
last night on complaint of Mrs. Alma
Wallen, who charged him with threats
against life.
Mrs. Wallen alleges that she loaned
Professor Colvan $500 with which he ,
started his dancing school. A short time
ago she discovered that he was a mar
ried man and immediately demanded her ■
money back. Colvan refused fo return
it, she claims, and he threatened to kill ■
her. Mrs. Wallen was not prepared to
die, so she repaired to Judge Low, and i
told him her troubles. The judge listened i
with kindly ear, and issued a warrant
MASONS IN REVELRY FOR CHARITY
THOSE who support the cause of charity in San Francisco are numbered by the many thousands. The
gold this multitude gives with lavish hand is also measured in dollars by the thousand, and without doubt
when the Masonic fete is closed an amount sufficient to build the home for the widows and orphans will have
been realized. An exceptionally good programme was rendered last evening, and to-day one equally entertain
ing has been prepared.
In the afternoon Bennett's band entertained the audience, but in the evening many other features were added.
The dancing of prettily robed workers for a laudable cause was heartily cheered before and after each merry whirl.
The pigeon dance, quite a departure from time-worn fancy dances, was very interesting. The participants, the staff
from the postoffk-e booth, robed in white, the ladies' heads bedecked with doves white as the driven snow, marched to
the stage to a stirring tune and mingled in the mazes of the dance. A rolling, graceful motion of the bodies of the
dancers, the formation of many figures, posing in striking attitudes, completedthe pigeon dance, and the participants
left the stage. The applause following the effort of the dancers had not died away when those who were to dance
the stately "Minuet de Mozart" appeared wending their way to the stage. They were soon there, and the dance
commenced. With graceful bows and steps each dancer amid a storm of applause made a farewell courtesy and
marched away.
Prior to the dancing, which was the most interesting feature of the evening, the members of the Olympic Club
gave an exhibition. Skillful fencers and clever wrestlers pitted against each other entertained the many guests of
the Masons, and the victors and the vanquished were alike filled with pride at the ovation given them.
The many fascinating booths still draw their crowds, and the money they make each night even surpasses the
expectations of the management of the festival. This afternoon and this evening a greater crowd than ever is ex
pected. In the evening a chorus of luo male voices will be the feature, and the management says that it will be a
feature that few can afford to miss. Following is to-day's programme:
Afternoon — Bennett'B Band, Oeorge W. Ben
nett, director.
Overture, "Poet and Peasant Suppe
Mexican dance Langley
Collection of popular songs "Witmark
A musical strike Farbach
Scenes from Marltana" Wallace
Solo for cornet W. Mahood
Sketch, "On the Levee" Thornton
Gems from ' Bl Capltan" Sousa
March "Masonic Festival" Bennett
I National anthem, "America."
i
THE SAX FRANCISCO CAUL, THURSDAY, MAY 12, 1898.
which was served last night Just as the
dance was about to begin.
Colvan denies that he ever borrowed
money from the woman, but claims that
they were very friendly, until he dis
covered that she was a divorcee. He
then Jilted her. and, according to his
story, she threatened to ruin him. After
spending a couple of hours in the Seven
teenth-street station Colvan was released
on his own recognizance.
The Charter to Be Discussed.
A discussion on the merits of the pro
posed charter will take place to-night at
Maennerhund Hall, on Bryant avenue and
Twenty-fourth street, at which both sides
of the question will be presented. Able
speakers have be>en invited to- address the
meeting. The invitation has been Issued
by the Mission Improvement League of
Clubs, through its president, Thomas B.
Slevin.
Evening— Bennett's Band, George W. Ben
nett, director.
Overture, "Feet" Leutner
Intermezzo from "Cavaller!a Rusticana"
M ascagn 1
Genis 'from "Robin Hood" De Koven
Grand chorus of 100 male voices under the di
rection of D. P. Hughes, director of the Lor
lng Club of San Francisco and Orpheus Club
of Oakland.
"Battle Cry of Freedom."
"Tha Artillerist's Oath."
ADVICE ON
ECONOMIC
MEASURES
Uncle Collis' Scheme
of Universal Con
solidation.
Would Like to See All
Railroads Under One
Management
The Magnate Criticizes the
Late Senator Leland
Stanford
AS TO HIS POLITICAL ACTS J
Huntington Throws Some Light on
the Manner in Which He Has
Won Riches.
Collis P. Huntington experienced sev
eral short periods of great mental dis
comfort yesterday, but in the main he ;
managed to dodge a majority of the ques
tions put to him by Attorney Hayne re
gardlng the cost, profits, expense of ope- |
rating and manner qf conducting the af
fairs of the Southern Pacific Company.
Between his evasions and equivocations
he sandwiched In some good advice to
young men who wish to become million
aires by their own exertions, as well as
some caustic criticisms of the acts of the
men who were associated with him in the
building of the Central Pacific Railroad.
Of the late Senator Stanford he said:
"He was as straight a man as there was
in California In all matters with which he
was connected, outside of politics."
• When asked what he meant by his ref
erence to the political acts of his former
partner Huntington took refuge behind
the statement that he had never been in
politics, and was therefore unable to
judge the acts of those who were.
Attorney Hayne, who conducted the ex- 1
amination. recurred to the matter of the
cost of operating the roads of the South
ern Pacific system. Huntington expressed i
a desire to comply with the request for j
information, but declared that he pos- j
sensed no further knowledge of the sub
ject than that set forth In the annual
statements made for the benefit of stock
holders.
"I made up my mind," he said, "a great
many years ago that a man can do but
one thing and do it well. I know a few
things about the rough outside work of
building railroads, but I am Ignorant of j
the details of bookkeeping. The details
of cost and expenditure are a matter of !
bookkeeping. I am content with the ag- !
gregates."
"Will you produce the books of the |
company in court su that we can ascer- |
tain the details for ourselves?"
"As the president of the company I !
should say that the books could not be j
brought into court."
"Will you tlu-n furnish us a statement
taken from the books?"
"If the court should order It I suppose
wa should have to try, but I don't think
we should compiy with any mor» strin
gent request unless our legal advisers
Bald it was the proper thing to do. We
might give experts a chance to see the ;
books, but I don't think we would go any !
further."
Huntington gave it as his opinion that ;
if all of the transportation companies of
Scenes from "Faust" Gounol
Tone pictures of the North and South.
Solo for cornet. Schubert's "Serenade"
Mlas Pearl Noble
Grand march, "Tannhauser" Wagner
Grand fantasia, "Battle of Gettysburg."
Grand battle Bcene, rendered by members of
the National Guard of the State of Cali
fornia, with music accompaniment.
Grand anthem, "America."
Chorus by 100 male voices and the audience.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
88 88 88 88* » « ?2 ?8 88 88 83 88 88 88 88 88 8888 88 88 88 88 88 88 S 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 83 8888 88 88 88 88 88 8S 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 83 88 88 1
Fourth Concert of the Boston Elite Orchestra -Will '• Be Held at Our Store Saturday Next From 2 to 5 P.M. :--'-'■ .
0000000000 BBHA ■^KHShI Ulri^si
° WEATHER ° i^ sll
o report, o ■■^^^■B ■ffiPfflflfflffmrSw^ ¥8 jj4&3s£SS& j^ft
Oo 0000000 o J^usSHrExmk £■ IBS - ■ a^Z ■■? r ~ •Si^^BG^ ■■*■ *■* m^ 131^^^^^
93 7-939-941-943-945-947 MARKET STREET.
We've gained a leadership In beddings— a specialty of Sheets and Pillow Cases. The com-
bined order of our California stores on Beddings is probably bigger than any store west of Chicago.
We buy of the manufacturer in wholesale lots for cash. We buy in bulk for six — take every
discount— gain at every turn— skip the jobber and sell to you at the price the average merchant has
to pay the middleman. You save the jobber's profit if you buy at Hales. ** -•
The Famous Wamsutta
Sheets.
Every sheet stamped "Wamsutta" and made of the celebrated
Wamsutta muslin. A two-inch hem at the top; hand torn; dry
ironed and ready to use; carefully made by expert workmen;
evenly stitched and made to wear; the finest sheets in the mar-
ket.
Hemmed, 72x90 inches 65c each
Hemmed, 81x90 inches TOe each
Hemmed, 90x90 Inches 7oc each
Hemmed, 90x99 inches 80c each
Hemstitched, 81x90 inches 85c each
Hemstitched, 81x99 inches 9 f >c each
Hemstitched, 9(1x90 Inches 90c each
Hemstitched, 90x99 inches 95c each
New York Mills Sheets.
The most popular sheet on our counter is the "New York
Mills." Some time since we purchased an. immense stock at a
low figure. They were not bleached pure white 'although it
takes an expert to notice the difference), and consequently sold
as "seconds." We have only two sizes left, which will he closed
out. Hand torn; dry ironed; exceptionally well made; very heavy.
Hemmed, 72x30 inches 44c each
Hemmed, 90x90 inches 49c each
Hemmed Sheets.
Ready to use; hand torn; dry ironed; two qualities to choose
from. Quality No. I is extra heavy and full of wear; tough as
a knot, they say. Quality No. II is a bit softer and nearly aa
heavy.
Quality No. I. Size. Quality No. 11.
40c each 54x50 inches 45 C each
45c each 63x90 Inches 60c each
60c each "2x90 inches 55 C efich
550 each - 81x90 inches 60 c each
60c each «*»9 inches 6Jc each
60c each Mx9o inches 65c each
65c each 90x99 Inches 70c each
937-939-941-943-945-947 MARKET STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.
the country were organized into one com
pany rates would be reduced o per cent,
! and that a sufficient profit would be made
! to Insure a regular dividend of o per cent
on the entire capital invested
"Under present conditions, he said,
"railroad companies are forced to favor
some localities and individuals or firms,
and to make up their losses on others.
We don't do it-at least I have given pos
itive orders to our people not to do it.
"Is this scheme of wholesale consolida
tion one of the things that you are try
i^lt t °wa 11 s n !. l ftT t hav c given It up tem
porarily. I shall do nothing until the
! present race of demagogues is dead, lhe
! execution of such a scheme would be of
! great benefit to the lower classes. I have
I been a hard-working man all of my 'Jfo
and I have a great deal of sympathy ror
"What about the clause in the lease of
the Central Pacific road to the Southern
Pacific which says that one road may not
be benefited at the expense of the other.
"It means just what it says. It strikes
me that it should be good law. I know
1 that it is good morals. As to other com
peting mads the conditions are changed.
' If, on account of competition, we lose
i money to one point we are forced to make
i it up at other points where there is no
I competition— legally, of course. I make
this assertion as a finnaclal man who has
always paid his debts. It is the only way
: to do business unless you expect to go
into bankruptcy."
"Has the Southern Pacific Company any
pooling arrangement with any of the
California steamship lines?"
"I am not sure, but I think it has not.
I think it would he well to have some
such an arrangement. I will speak to
our people about it."
Huntington admitted that the Central
Pacific Company had paid to its stock
holders dividends amounting to about $34,
000.000.
"Why did you not take this money and
pay the debts owed by the road to the
Government?" was asked.
"We didn't care bo much about the Gov
ernment. We preferred to invest the
money hero in California. The Govern
ment has already been paid twice over by
the advantages it derived from the build
ing of the road."
The witness stated thAt he thought it
very unwise for Stanford to draw $2,000.
000 out of the Contract and Finance Com
pany to establish the Palo Alto stock
farm.
"It was not good business policy," he
said. "At that time I was living very
close. In New York I us^d to walk every
day eight or ninf blocks to get a street
car rnthor than pny 2o cents for a ride on
the omnibus that passed my office. When
Stanford was fitting up his costly stock
farm T was building a house that cost me
$58,000. The week after it was completed
1 was offered $75,000 for it. Thatisthoway
I did business. I never put any money in
where I was not sure that I could
realize a profit on the investment at any
time I wanted to sell."
Thr> examination will be continued at 2
o'clock this afternoon.
There are found in both hooks of the
Bible 3.5R0.483 letters and 773.fi93 words.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
YOU
NEED
EXERCISE
Bicycling is the best and. most
enjoyable. -
Good health does < not come in
bottles— take exercise for your
medicine.
COLUMBIA CHAINLESS
BICYCLES.
THE SUCCESS OF '98-:- '-.- - - $125.00
i COLUMBIA CHAIN I WHEELS- - - $75.00
HARTFORD BICYCLES -- - - .•- '■?- $50.00
VEDETTE BICYCLES - - - -$35 and $40
POPE MAN FG. CO.,
MAKERS, •
344 Post St., San Francisco.
1970 Pafte St.,' San Francisco.
wm. clark; "
102 Telegraph Aye., Oakland.;,.'
FOR THE 7 :
GOLD FIELDS OP ALASKA!
, THE FAST Al BARK HUNTER i
Will leave San Francisco for ~ : St. • Michael
■..>,; '-] ':-- May^is.vt^sy^aHPßßSßßl
The - Hunter Is pronounced by • marine ■ sur-
veyors >as among -■ the : safest ' and • swiftest « ves-
sels sailing out of; San Francisco. , ;
I '■:. Low rates ! of Insurance. *V ' --.' ■
■-: For special > rates, passenger and , freight. >to
. St. Michael and Dawson City, t apply . to 4 •',:. ; y
; - ' -/..:';. , :"■ H. D. LOMBARD r&|CO^H,>
v 16 California street, San " Francisco. .
The Famous Wamsutta
Pillow Cases.
' The same material as the sheets: Just as well mad© and Just
; as wearable; two and three inch hem; very superior.
hemmed. .r ,. S1 . ze - Hemstitched.
16c each 45x36 inches 24c ear*
18c each... 45x40% Inches ...'.'.'.'." ?Ao each
ISc each ....60x36 inches ."24c each
20c each Mx«% inches . '. '. " '. '. ' 27c each
20c each 54x36 inches 27c each
I 22c each..... ::'"s4x4O^ inches "".!'.'.".'.SOc »ach
Hemmed Pillow Cases.
Two qualities to choose from. Quality No. I is a good hearr
muslin, full of wear and very satisfactory. Quality No II la
.heavier, firmer and probably still more durable. All case's hand
'torn -and dry ironed; warranted to wash and iron perfectly
straight; thoroughly well made.
Quality No. I. <:-3-v Size. Quality No. IT.
12V£C each:....... 45x36 inches . .. T eh£ ch
• 14c each *> x 4 inches...... - 16 2-3 c each
15c each ........50x36 inches...... _....16 2-3 c each
16 2-3 c each... 50x40»i inche5......... 20c each
18 2-3 c each ........54x36 inches _ ijOc each
17^0 each... — ......64x40^ 1nche5..,^... ...,.^.^..200 each
Hemstitched Sheets.
Ironed; hand torn; carefully hemstitched; all ready to
use; two qualities to choose from. Quality No. I Is a soft finish,
but full of wear and fine thread. Quality No. II is heavier per-
haps more durable and closer weave.
Quality No. I. Size. Quality No. 11.
Sac each... ....54x90 inches..... 42M,0 each
60c each : ....63x90 inches 4714 c each
65c each .;..... ..72x90 inches 50c each
70c each..... ....81x90 inches 5c each
Jsc each 90x90 1nche5........ 60c each
80c each 90x93 Inches ~IlT^"!S «ach
3 - DAY SPECIALS I
Always the most and
the best for the money.
BACON, Ib 12* c
Armour's fancy Eastern sugar-
cured, regular price 16c
COFFEE, IXL Blend, lb 2«c
Roasted or jrround, regular price 30c
0 X WHISKEY, 75c 3 bots. 52.00
10 years old, recommended for family
and medicinal use, regular
price $1 and $4.
New Orleans Molasses, ga110n .... 75c
Finest quality, regular price $1.
SHREDDED WHEAT BISCUITS ... .15c
A healthful food for persons
of weaJt digestive organs.
WE SELL THE IDEAL COFFEE POT.
21 STOCKTON ST., 3253 FILLMORE ST.,
Near Market. Corner Lombard.
Telephone Main 5522. i Telephone West 152.
Catalogue free. Particular attention
given to Mall Orders.
Weak Men and Women
SHOrLP USE PAMIAXA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy: gives health and
strength to the sexual organs.
Directory or
//j/ r j:/i'''^a^S!BßB^S/^ / TRANSPORTATION— Conttnaed.
( «^^H| / DAWSON CITY DIRECT !
CUT RATES.
f^/^Xj^^^^^g^^ THE YUKON COHMEBCIAL CO. '6 fait Balling
//P^^i^S LEAVING SAN FRANCISCO MAY 17.
■!/ i T^^^ Lowest Passenger and Freight Cut Rates,
4/0' A " ly at once to
ll&P J « G « McCALL & CO.,
1 ' < -■ ■ ■• - ; " ; '" • *' •
TRANSPORTATION.
fooi \ DIRECT
. . TO . .
DAWSON CITY.
"All water route, no change; hew,
steamer, built for leading business men
■ i of ; this ; city i and f Alarheda ; -cheap rate
! ■ best fare [ no second-class, airne w f ur-^
: Inishings and best caterers. ,_- Tickets on
salel at 54. Steuart street, and la Mar net
street. Call for, -particulars. ■;. ■■::■•■.• '■.
ALASKA-YUKON
V TRANSPORTATION CO.
Will Dispatch Steamer '^ALBION"
■- '• •■■■■'•-•: :■ : From Portland.' Or., for : . ;
KOTZEBUE SOUND,
;ON OR ABOUT MAY 25. ■
: Steamer NATIONAL CITY will siil from ; 8»n ITmi-
: -, ciieo for ST. MICHAEL, ,\. :
I . Connecting I with ' our j river steamers • for . D^"
! eon.' on or about May 20. ~ For. freight and _pa»-
' sage, apply >3 j STEUART • ST., ; San Francisco.
82 n 8 8 8 88 B*B 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 83 <
88 CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIMB.
2S . .. 2g
«■ — y
» ti.. whsw -hsA — y, »
I Piano Bargains i
28 ?*p~ ° -88
£S A square, solid rosewood 88
88 Piano in first-class condition, .iS
85 good tone - --- $40.00 **
88 This Piano would be a *°
g bargain at. 575.00. 5
85 ' ' At the present time wo hava a goo 88
g§ many new and second-hand Pianos i n 88
gj _ stock, and all of them bargains. Re" $•
j» member — or Littfe-at-a-Tlm©. J8
S J. NOON AN, .»
| 1017-1023 Mission Street, 2
c# Above Sixth.
•° Phone South 14. Open Evening*. *818 1
8 88 88 88 88 88 82 8 8 8.8 8 §
000000000000000000
o™ PALACE Al >?%
%GRAND hotels o
q - SAW FftAHCISCO. Q
Connected by a covered pasaart»w«y. **
Jf 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attached °
O All. U^DICR OiT! MAKAGUbC O
O NOTE THE PRICES: O
q European Plan. Sl. OO per day ana upward e\
i ~Z American Plan. S3; OO per day and upward **
O Correspond encr Solicited. O
| O JOHN C. XIRKPATRICK, Manager. O
o o 000 000000000 0000
Agents, 46 Market St.,
... : One block from Ferry. ".
BIRCH Creek district: T now nearly ! deserted
-owing to lack of focd: larger and Just as rich
as Klondike; ' produced about $5,000,000: ISOOX
100 feet: our • new :" modern steamer. Allc*
Rix. stops there going to Dawson City; our
book free. Alaska : Transportation Co.. 234
Montgomery at., opp. Rush House.
GAS-ENGINES.
UNION GAS ENGINTco;
. \ 339 HOWARD STREET.
GASOLINE ENGINES and LAUNCHES
; - . . PRODUCTS. ~ ~~
P. *&" B. BUILDING J PAPER ; and P. 4 n
READY ROOFING, Bold .by all nrst-clas* Uaai-
era. are clean, odorless, of great strength, rea-
sonable ;In ; price ■ and .' easy to : transport. . i They
keep v heat, cold, dampness s and = dust • out •of
buildings: are particularly adapted to Alaskan
trade. PARAFFTNE ; PAINT CO.. ;IK Battery
St. -* ; .T*>l.;-rfO.V Main 1783,
c:~-. , ;.:- 1;1 ;^ SLEDS. BOATS. etc. ; '^v^h
ARCTIC } sleds. Trctlc dOK*T Yukon " boat*,
pilot - maps - to \i the*: Klondike. -Alaska ; outfit*,
■team | launches ' and stern-wheel steamer*, with
boiler* suitable to burn wood; 50 boat* eta •«
i seen at salesroom. G. W. KNE ASS, 71a Third
st. 'Phone Red 2S6L "