volume lxxxiii.-:ko. t«8.
MERRITT
IN OPEN
REBELLION
Declines to Go to the Phil
ippines With the Force
Proposed.
He Declares More Trained Regu
lars Are Required to Capture
and Hold the Islands.
NEW YORK, May 16.— Major-
General Wesley Merritt, who has
been selected by the Government
to command the expedition about
to be sent to the Philippines with
the purpose of completing the work
begun by Rear-Admiral Dewey,
and to administer the affairs of the
islands as Governor-General, has
refused point blank to go with the
troops which have been selected
for the task of driving the Span
iards out of the archipelago, and
who are expected to maintain order
afterward.
It is therefore a question whether
the W r ar Department will alter its
plans or not. Should the present
arrangement of sending 15,000
men, only 1000 of whom are regu
lars, be adhered to, I am in a posi
tion to state that General Merritt
will not be their commander. Hv
has given the matter serious stuJy
since the official announcement
was 'made that he had been chosen
for duty in the Far East, and what
may be considered his ultimatum
will be presented to Secretary
Alger by Colonel Robert F,
Hughes, Inspector - General on
General Merritt's staff, who left
this city on the midnight train for
Washington.
It has been an open secret on
Governors Island for days that
General Merritt does not relish the
job of taking the Philippines. He
was supposed to be desirous of
commanding the army of invasion
in Cuba, or even one that may be
sent to Porto Rico. His rank, his
experience and his knowledge of
tactics were such that military
men said at the beginning of the
war that he would naturally re-
ceive the most important command
in the field. Other considerations,
' however, have prevented the
naming of General Merritt for the
command of the troops massed at
Tampa or about to be mobilized at
Chickamauga. Gerieral Merritt
remained in charge of the Depart
ment of the East, while Generals
Wade, Shafter and Book were
sent to the front, and in the De
partment of the East General Mer
ritt is likely to remain for some
time to come unless the policy that
has been pursued at Washington
since the opening of hostilities is
changed.
General Merritt, at his head
quarters on Governors Island, was
seen to-day and asked when he
expected to start for Manila. He
replied: "It is not settled yet
whether lam to go. I have asked
the department to furnish a suffi
cient force of trained and disci
plined troops. 1 would not care to
go with a force of 15,000 men,
only 1000 of whom are regulars
and the others volunteers from
the militia of the Northwest. Gen
eral Otis may be willing to go «vith
less force, but 1 am not. The
command they propose to give me
is not adequate to my rank. It is
all very well for them to say that
additional troops will be sent later
if they are needed, but the history
of all such expeditions is that after
you get away these promises are
not kept. The only way is to fur
The San Francisco Call
nis troops that are needed at the
start, and from what I can learn
of the situation in the Philippines
we should have at least 5000
trained men, as there may be no
time to discipline and train recruits
after we get there. 1 shall remain
right here until I learn just what
the department is willing to do.
My successor here has not been
appointed, and 1 do not propose he
shall be until this matter is set
tled."
DICKINSON NOT
TO_BE HONORED.
WASHINGTON, May 16.— The briga
diership is still an interesting topic of
discussion here, and hundreds of tele
grams are pouring In daily. If any Cali
fornian is appointed to command a bri
gade it will be Colonel H. G. Otis of Los
Angeles. This is well understood in the
California delegation to-night. General
Dickinson has now been endorsed by
the Democrats and Populists, Maguire,
De Vries, Barlow and Castle. Perkins,
Barham and I^oud have called on the
President to present numerous peti
tions in Dlcki. son's favor, although
Senator Perkins is on record as having
endorsed Colonel Otis. So is White.
The President sent for General Gra
ham of the regular army to-day, ques-
tioned him about General Dickinson's
fitness to command a brigade, and in
quired especially about his military
conduct during the Debs strikes and
riots. General Graham was stationed
at the Presidio at that time, and knnw
! ing this the Prt'Pid^nt availed himself
I of General Graham's presence in Wash-
I ington to ascertain whether there was
I any truth in the reports derogatory to
General Dlcki:. son's conduct at that
time. General Graham's reply, if pub
lished, would not be relished by Mr.
Dickinson. It is even gossiped among
1 Californians in Washington to-night
SAN Francisco! Tuesday, MAY 17, 1898.
TROOPS CANNOT INVADE CUBA
UNTIL AFTER SEA CONQUEST
Copyrighted. 189 S. by James Gordon Benn».ct .. "
TAMPA Fla May 16.-General Shafter, who during the absence of General Wade Is In
command, in' an interview this afternoon said: "We are in duty bound to *o to Cuba, but we
should not leave Tampa until the Spanish fleet has been destroyed or so cr.pp ed as to ren
der It harmless. Our movement must necessarily be governed by their conduct.'
This Is the first official statement as to the Intended departure of the troops, and It.
flulte disposes of the cloud of mystery and uncertainty which has lasted for weeks. There
?s probLbly no man who knows those of Cuba better han Dr. Diaz,who is attached to the staff
ofthecommander-in-chief. He is a man of many parts-medical, doctor of divinity, Baptist
or cne commana Cuban leader. He was ordered to be executed, but through the intervention
united States escaped. There was no more popular man in Cuba at the time. In con
versation with "me to d a C P he drew some harrowing details of the horrible sufferings of his
countrymen He estimates that since the blockade they have been dyin£from starvation at
the ratHf 500 a day. Indeed, their condition at this moment Is worse than ever Those
who are not hemmed In towns appease the pangs of hunger by the consumption of pine sap
lings orany substance that may be masticated.
that Graham destroyed any prospects
£rtgade SSth him during the war of
will be appointed from
civil life for some time, however, as the
President is having difficulty in choos
ing thpm in other States than Califor
nia and it is believed that he will dis
pose of them all in one batch of nom
inations. _ ,
It is learned to-night that General
Dickinson was offered and declined
'. the tender of a staff appointment. The
California delegation, without assur
ance from the President that the goods
could be delivered, wired General Dick
inson asking him if he would accept a
position on the staff of a major-gen
eral and he replied that he would not.
FIRST EXPEDITION
TO DEPART THURSDAY.
WASHINGTON, May 16.— 1t is said
THE WARSHIPS THAT BAY FORM THE NUCLEUS FOR A SQUADRON NEAR MARTINIQUE.
CHASE OF SPAIN'S
VESSELS IN THE
CARIBBEAN SEA
NEW YORK, May 16.— The
Herald's Washington correspond
ent telegraphs: Spain's fleet in
the Caribbean Sea is to be met by
a squadron consisting of the armor
clads of the United Slates in the
North Atlantic waters. This
seems to be the intention to-night
iof the Naval War Board, and
preparations are being made to
effect a junction of Rear Admiral
! Sampson's fleet and the flying
| squadron, under command of Com
i modore Schley, with all possible
dispatch.
If necessary Commodore Schley,
according to one official with whom
I 1 talked to-day, will join Rear
; Admiral Sampson on the south
; coast of Cuba, in order that the
I southwestern section of the Amer
! ican blockading squadron may be
protected and to place the Ameri
j can force in a strategic position to
i attack the Spanish fleet at what
1 ever point it may appear. It is
at the quartermaster-general's office
that the City of Peking with over 1000
men aboard will leave San Francisco
on Thursday for the Philippines. Brig
adier-General Otis is expected to go
with the first detachment of troops for
the Philippines to be followed later by
General Merritt. who is to be the com
mander-in-chief of the expedition and
the Military Governor of the islands.
General Miles has recommended to the
President that V additional brigadiers
will also be sent, but their names have
not been announced.
CRUISERS NEEDED
FURTHER SOUTH.
WASHINGTON, May 16.— Senator
Gray arid other influential men have
! made strong protests against the
■ cruiser Columbia and other fine war-
I ships being: kept on the New England
'• coast, when the enemy's ships are in
' southern waters. Senator Gray had
; business with the President to-day and
called his attention to the matter.
"It is stated that these ships are kept
on the New England coast to allay ap
prehension," said Senator Gray. "Well,
that is all foolishness. Here those ships
are kept on this coast when there is
not a particle of danger, while the
not necessary, nor would it be
good policy, to attach the monitors
to the combined fleet, and the
probabilities are that these vessels
will be stationed in front of Ha
vana or at Southern ports for their
protection in case the Spanish
squadron should attempt to bom
bard any coast city.
With such a squadron as the
officials contemplate forming the
enemy's fleet, if met in battle,
will, it is confidently believed, be
totally crushed.
Rear Adnvral Sampson will have
under his command, it is expected,
the battle-ships lowa, Indiana and
Massachusetts, the second-class
battle-ship Texas and the armored
cruisers Brooklyn and New York.
Handicapped as Rear Admiral
Sampson now is by monitors, his
speed is not more than eight or
nine knots. For the reason that
the fleet's speed is the speed of
the slowest vessels the Terror and
Amphitrite are being towed, be
Spanish squadron is not far from
southern waters. 1 do not believe
anybody has any idea that the Spanish
fleet would attempt to sail 3000 or 4000
miles from its present position to at
tack New England, and be without a
base of supplies when it got there.
While our ships remain on the New
England coast, the southern coast,
much nearer to the Spaniards, is un
protected. So is the coast of the mid
dle Atlantic States. Our ships should
be with one or the other squadrons."
It is said that several other New
England Senators take the same ground
as Senator Gray.
sides endeavoring to hasten their
voyage by proceeding under their
own steam.
With no monitors on his fleet
Rear Admiral Sampson will be able
to steam at a rate of twelve knots
an hour and keep his squadron well
together, and under forced draught
may be able to reach fifteen knots.
The New York and Brooklyn, with
the auxiliary steamers and torpedo
boats which will be attached to
his force, will be able to speed at
such a rate as to be able to over
haul the Spanish armored cruisers
and hold them engaged until the
Texas, followed by heavier ships
of the line, come to their support.
If the Spanish fleet is coaling, as
is believed, then the operations of
the board can be completed without
undue haste, and the combined
armor-clad squadron can be sta
tioned at a strategic position to be
selected, from which it will strike
in any direction that the enemy
may make his appearance.
WHERE WILL
CERVERA BE
OVERTAKEN?
Elusive Game of the Span
ish Fleet Puzzling the
War Board.
Blanco Needs Ammunition and the
Enemy's Ships May Be Encoun
tered Trying to Run the
Blockade.
Call Office, Biggs House,
Washington, May 16.
While a hundred minor details in
the campaign against Spain occupy
the time of army and navy officials
one question continues to overshadow
all others. Where will Sampson find
the Spanish fleet, assuming that the
Spanish admiral does not avoid an
encounter by running away? Opin
ion is crystallizing that the greatest
naval battle of the war will be fought
in the neighborhood of Havana, and
in support of this theory a number
of considerations are advanced.
Chief among these is the entirely re
liable information received by the
Navy Department several days ago
that the Spanish ministry promised
Blanco, at the time the blockade of
Havana was proclaimed, that a fleet
would be sent to raise it and to rl
lieve the beleaguered* city.
While a dozen conflicting reports
have since been current regarding the
movements of the Spanish vessels,
the Navy Department now realizes
that they were dispatched to Cuban
waters at the time the promise was
cabled to Blanco, and it is also ap
parent that the Governor General of
Cuba confidently looks forward to
their arrival. Press advices from
Havana received to-day emphasize
this expectation, saying that the
stock of shot and shell for coast de
fense has been greatly depleted in
the effort to prevent the landing of
parties from the American ships and
in replying to the bombardment by
the United States warships of the
shore batteries. Admiral Cervera is
said to have a large supply of am
munition for these batteries.
Three important announcements
were made to-day under circumstances
which introduce an element of sus
picion in each case. Admiral Samp
son's destination was officially given
as Cienfuegos, the Spanish fleet was
said to have left Willemstad, Cura
coa, for Western Cuba, and the ap
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
pearance of a second Spanish squad
ron off Martinique was announced.
Whether Sampson has actually
cabled the department that he is
steaming for Cienfuegos, or whether
the report originates with Secretary
Long and his aids, it is suspected
that the strategy board has taken a
leaf out of Spain's book, and here
after may be expected to publish mis
leading statements regarding the
whereabouts of American vessels. It
seems hardly reasonable to suppose
that the Secretary of the Navy in one
breath would declare that no more
information -would be given out re-
garding the movements of the Amer
ican fleets, and in the next would
proceed to locate Sampson's destina
tion for the benefit of the Spanish
admiral.
While it is quite possible that the
Spanish fleet has left Willerastad, it
is more than likely that it is still in
the immediate vicinity of Curacoa.
The Navy Department has reliable
advices, received through commercial
resources, to the effect that the Span
ish fleet has met several colliers near
Willemstad and has filled the bunk
ers of every ship, after having taken
in port all the coal the strict observ
ance of neutrality would permit the
harbor authorities to supply.
In this connection Secretary Day
had a long conference to-day with
Mr. DeWeckherlin, the Netherlands
Minister, in the course of which the
latter gave the most satisfactory as
surances that at no time would the
Spanish vessels be permitted to ob
tain contraband of war at Dutch
ports in the West Indies or else
where.
The report that a second Spanish
fleet has been sighted off Martinique
is set down at the Havy Department
as a canard. Its evident purpose is
to distract attention from the squad
ron in the Caribbean Sea and to
cause the Itfavy Department to divide
its forces in order to meet two fleets
instead of one. If this is the real
purpose the device has already failed.
Another grave problem confront
ing the administration is the starting
of the expedition to the Philippines.
The departure of the first vessel has
been postponed from day to day, and
although it is now officially given out
that the City of Peking and the City
of Sydney will start from San Fran
cisco on Thursday with about 3000
men, it would not be surprising
should there be further delay. The
War Department is solely responsible
for this procrastination, which has
demonstrated graphically how poorly
prepared this Government has been
to cope with even a fourth-class Eu
ropean power. It is hoped b"y army
and navy officials to have the Aus
tralia and Centennial follow soon af
terward, the latter vessel to sail di
rect from Seattle.
It is estimated that 5200 men can
be conveyed to Manila on these four
transports. Orders have been sent to
Mare Island to hurry the Philadel
phia, but it is not believed that she
will be ready in time to act as con
voy for any of the troop ships. She
will, however, be sent to join Dewey's
squadron as soon as she is put in
commission. The Philadelphia will
be commanded by Captain Frederick
Rodgers.
The Philadelphia Press, owned and
edited by Charles Emory Smith, the
new Postmaster General, prints the
following inspired editorial on the
subject of holding the Philippine
Islands, and it is regarded as sig
nificant, coming as it does from a
member of the Cabinet:
•'The United States will keep the
islands until it sees something bet
ter to do with them. This is the
national policy on which President
McKinley is acting, and it is the only
one on which either he or the nation
can act. As an act of war our fleet
has captured the harbor of Knnila,
and in a few weeks more our troops
will have completed the occupation
of Manila and the conquest of the
islands. The national duty is clear
as to these points. General Merritt
is as competent to act as military
governor of Manila as any one of
the scores of English generals put in
like position. An American force is
just as competent as an English force
of the same size to occupy and pacify
the islands and their nine million in
habitants. Be American! Have con
fidence in Americans! The Philip2
PROTEST AGAINST
DEWEY'S CONQUEST
LONDON, May 17.— A dispatch to the Boily Telegraph from St.
Petersburg says:
Japan intends to protest vigorously against America seizing the
Philippines. She has already sought the assistance of Russia, and
conferences are occurring between Count Muravieff, the Russian For
eign Minister, and the Japanese Embassador, Baron Hayashi Tada
sou. It is believed that France and Germany will support Japan.
pines cannot go back to Spain. Per
ish the man who would dare suggest
that these islands should be given
back to the corrupt and cruel tyran
ny from which Dewey's guns freed
them."
There is much dissatisfaction ex
pressed with the work of the Naval
War Board. It is considered prob
able that some radical change may
ue made in the personnel and meth
ods of the board within a short time.
Naval officers say that mistakes have
been made, and that apparently noth
ing is accomplished by the navy in
Cuban waters. Meanwhile the army
is waiting for the navy and is idle
also. The campaign for the freedom
of Cuba is at a standstill. If the
report is true that three more Span
ish warships are in the West Indies,
it is only another of the many recent
proofs of the superior strategical
ability of the Spaniards.
From, the beginning Spain has
kept this country in the dark as to
her moves, and appeared suddenly in
unexpected places to the overthrow
of the plans on this side. The Unit
ed States, on the other hand, has not
been able to keep secret any of its
oampaign, good or bad. Captain
Crowninshield, chief of the Bureau
of Navigation, is a member of the
Naval Board. He is physically unfit
for the performance of this important
duty, and it is suggested that if his
place were filled by Admiral Walker
there would be a marked improve
ment in its work, for he is a practical
commander, a sea ciog.
The opening of the blockade at
Havana to certain vessels is a rather
curious proceeding that may lead to
a very considerable widening of the
blockade itself, so that in the end
neutral vessels not loaded with con
traband or supplies the carrying of
which into Havana would interfere
with the naval and military opera
tions, may be allowed to enter. The
statement that the Navy Department
still hopes to make an exchange of
prisoners at an early day shows that
the mission of the Uncas yesterday
was by no means a complete failure,
as has been stated.
Intimations have been received
here that Captain General Blanco at
Havana is very short or ammunition,
in which cass the powerful batteries
at the entrance of Havana harbor, of
course, would be deprived of a large
part of their defensive strength.
This state of affairs may lead to some
desperate attempts at blockade run
ning on the part of the Spaniards,
in the hopes of getting more am
munition into Havana. It is be
lieved that the supplies so frequently
referred to as being on the Spanish
flying squadron were of this charac
ter, rather than food supplies, which
makes it all the more important that
Sampson and Schley should succeed
in keeping Admiral Cervera from
reaching Havana from Cienfuegos. or
any port in Cuba connected with Ha-
vana by rail. Commodore ScbJey
probably is well down on the Florida
coast now and should be able to
guard the Florida straits by to-mor
row or next day. His appearance on
that side of Cuba would enable Samp
son to bring his ironclads with per
fect safety into Cienfuegos on the
south side, and with this disposition
of our naval force and the free use
of a considerable number of our
scouting vessels, it is hard to see
how the Spanish fleet can escape from
the Gulf of Mexico or the Caribbean.
The Navy Department is getting
a better and better quality of armor
as the contracts expire. A thirteen
inch plate tested at Indian Head
Saturday with a ten-inch gun showed
itself to be equal to or superior to
any piece of armor tnat has ever
been made, for. with the highest
velocity, at 1945 feet per second, the
shot penetrated only twelve inches,
without cracking the plate, the very
last piece to be delivered under the
existing contract and which is in
tended for the Kentucky.
The important development of the
day at the War Department was the
definite selection of the corps com
manders. The announcement, how
ever, does not contain any surprises.
Though Major General Wesley Mer
ritt is accredited to the Department
of the Pacific, such designation is
made formally, and it is known that
he will go to the Philippines in com
mand of the army there and will be
accompanied by Major General Otis.
The designation of General Fitzhugh
Lee as commander of the Seventh
Corps, with headquarters at Tampa,
would seem to indicate that he is to
accompany the army of invasion to
Cuba.
BLANCO REPORTS
DEFEAT OF REBELS.
Copyrighted, IS9S. by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, May 16. — According to of
ficial advices received by Captain-Gen
eral Blanco within the last few days
the rebels have met with defeat at sev
eral places on the island, and their at
tempts to concentrate their forces have
been frustrate i. Many of the rebels
were killed and wounded in these en
gagements, and ammunition, weapons
and horses were captured. In conse
quence of thi3 many rebels have sur
rendered and have submitted to the
new regime.
General Blanco this afternoon charg
ed Senor Galvez with the formation of
a new Colonial Cabinet. Senor Galvez
has submitted to him a list of men who
•will constitute the Cabinet, and it is the
general belief that they will be nomi
nated to-morrow, since General Blanco
has already consulted political leaders.
CROP FAILURE
AND FAMINE
Many Deaths From Star
vation in Interior
China.
Speculators Take Advantage of
the Sorry Plight of the
Populace.
Sharp Fight Between Japanese and
Rebel-9 on the Island of
Formosa.
Special Dispatch to The C»ll.
TACOMA, May 16.— Hongkong ad
vices per steamer Tacoma state that
famine is spreading in Southern China,
including Hainan Island and parts of
Tonkin and Anam, it being due to short
crops last year and the great rise in the
price of breadstuffs throughout the
Orient.
Inland from Canton families are sell
ing their daughters for bread, all their
other means being exhausted. Chinese
speculators are taking advantage of
their sorry plight by charging enor
mous prices for rice. Hundreds of
cases of actual starvation have oc
curred.
The reports received at Canton from
all parts of the famine district are
equally bad. Grain is' very high priced,
and the Government can afford little
relief until another crop is harvested.
In some districts all seed grain has
been devoured.
Another sharp tight has taken place
between the Japanese troops and For
mosan rebels near Kosan. About
twenty Japanese were killed, including
a paymaster and a quartermaster. Sev
eral scores of the insurgents were slain.
Some of the rebels have obtained rifles
and are becoming expert marksmen.
They are trying to arouse the entire is
land against tlie Japanese rule, and in
so doing are committing many barba
rities. After capturing one small vil
lage recently they beheaded fifteen per
sons whom tl"~ suspected of sympa
thizing with Japan.
Many Japanese soldiers in Formosa
are dying of malaria. Malarial disor
ders are most prevalent in the end of
Formosa which is nearest to the Phil
ippine group. There, according to of
ficial reports, 22 per cent of the Japan
ese troops and civil officers are sick
with malaria. In the central part of
the island the sick list numbers 21 per
cent, and in the northern part 12 per
cent. Navigators say the Philippines
are not so swampy as Formosa, which
fact lessens the sickness in the former
islands.
PHILIPPINE LEADERS
WANT SPAIN'S GOLD.
Legal Contest for a Share of the
Sum Paid by Madrid to Chief
Aguinaldo.
TACOMA, May 16.— Emilio Aguinaldo
and other leaders of the late Philippine
rebellion have fallen out over a division
of the $800,000 which Spain was to pay
as the price of ending the rebellion.
Last December the Spanish Govern
ment sent $400,000 to Hongkong to be di
vided among the leaders of the insurg
ents, and promised $400,000 more for
distribution among the participants in
the rebellion still remaining on the Is
lands.
Among Aguinaldo's associates was
Atachio, who as Minister of the In
terior was one of Aguinaldo's council
of seven, which constituted the Phil-
ippine insurgent Government. Atachio
claims that despite his frequent re
quests for a division of the $400,000
which Aguinaldo received he has been
unable to secure any share of it. Four
weeks ago he brought suit in the Brit
ish court at Hongkong and obtained a
temporary injunction preventing Agui
naldo. together with the Hongkong-
Shanghai Bank Corporation and the
Chartered Bank of India. Australia
and China, from ' parting with the
money. Atachio exhibited letters and
telegrams in support of his claim,
showing that Spain negotiated for sev
eral months before she was able to buy
off the insurgent leaders. After Aguin
aldo and thirty-five others had reached
Hongkong Atachio remained In Man
ila at the risk of his life to surrender
the arms and property of the insurg
ents to General Rivera.
The second payment of $400,000 for
the benefit of the privates in the in
surgent army was never made as
promised, which explains why the in
surgents so quickly renewed their re
bellion against Spanish rule.
FATAL FIRE IN THE
MAT,ERIE ST. JOSEPH.
Many Persons, Including Several
Sisters of Mercy, Among the
Victims.
ST. HYACINTH. Que., May 16.— A dis
astrous fire : occurred here :• early to-day,
when the Materle St. Joseph was burned,
causing the loss of seven lives and the
Injury ! : of a number of the inmates, of
whom there were 200 in '. the Institution,
by jumping from windows. There are
also five persons unaccounted for. The
cause of the ' fire is ; unknown.
The dead are: Two boys named Bouche
man, Sisters Alexandrinia, Philomena and
Desganges; Mrs. Guertin, a boarder; Mrs.
Dr. Chagnon of ; Fall River, Mass. v
-: The missing are : Maria Millott©, ser
vant; Noflette Meunir, servant; Mrs.
Berthiaume, boarder, and Sisters Bouvier
and Auge.
♦
DICK CASE KNOCKED OUT.
Bobby Dobbs Takes the Measure of
the Western Lad.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., May 16.— Bobby
Dobbs, the negro lightweight pugilist of
Memphis, knocked out Dick Case of Se
attle in the twentieth round here to-night.
The fight was very rough from the be
ginning and both men were knocked down
a half dozen times. Though Case forced
the fighting in nearly every round he re
ceived more punishment than Dobbs, who
displayed better generalship. Case was
badly bruised, while Dobbs came out In
good condition.
THE SA!N" FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 17, 1898.
WHAT THE
WAR WILL
NOW COST
Allison DeclaresThatNearly
Four Hundred Millions
Are Needed.
Features of the War Revenue
Measure Are Primarily Dis
cussed Before the Senate.
Call Office' Riggs House,
Washington, May 16.
In the Senate to-day Allison of lowa
called up the uar "revenue bill and
made a statement of its features.
Allen said that as the bill came from
the House of Representatives it was an
internal revenue measure, and as re
ported to the Senate it was still an in
ternal revenue measure.' Compara
tively, said he, there are no provisions
in it for increase of customs duties. He
said that the Finance Committee had
carefully examined all of the schedules
i of the House bill and had been led to
! believe that schedules A (stamp taxes)
j and B (proprietary articles) were too
! general in their scope. Consequently
they had been amended. On the beer
and tobacco taxes on schedules A and
B and on the tonnage tax matter, the
committee was substantially a unit.
Allison said further that in the com
i mittee there was no difference of opin
i ion as to the necessity of the bill. It
was purely a war revenue measure.
With a view to ascertaining how much
money would be required to run the
war during the next fiscal year, al
though he expressed the hope that it
would last only a few weeks or months
at most, Allison said that the com
mittee, had obtained the best possible
estimates from the Secretary of War
and the Secretary of the Navy. Secre
tary Alger estimated that his depart
ment would need $i:> 0,925,527. To this
sum must be added at least $15,000,000
to pay expenses authorized by Congress
after the estimate was made.
The estimate of the Secretary of the
Navy of the expenses of his department
for the same period was $75,556,250, but
in addition to this sum the amount
carried by the naval appropriation bill
must be considered as a part of the ex
penses of the navy. In addition to the
$50,000,000 already appropriated as a
war fund, which Allison announced
parenthetically had been practically
expended, the forthcoming general de- j
ficiency bill would carry a deficiency
appropriation for the current year of
about $35,000,000, and there is a naval
deficiency of about $22,275,000.
The Senate Finance Committee
therefore figured that it would require
a total of at least $379,192,000 to pay the
expenses of the war from the present
time until the 1 1st of July, 1899, not tak
ing into account any emergency ex
penses that might arise at any mo
ment-
Allison then carefully analyzed the
ordinary receipts and expenditures of
the Government. In the course of this
statement he expressed the opinion
that the estimate of the Secretary of
the Treasury that the present tariff
bill would this year raise $200,000,000
was too high. In present circum
stances and conditions he doubted
whether the bill would produce more
than $180,000,000. The important question
FOR BATTLESHIPS
AND MONITORS.
Plans of the New Vessels to Be Con
structed Considered by the
Naval Board.
NEW YORK, May 16.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: The Naval
Board of Construction was in session
to-day discussing plans for battle- 1
ships and monitors whose construction
is authorized by recent naval appro
priation bills. A circular giving the
general requirements of battle-ships is
practically ready and does not differ
from the outline recently published.
In accordance with the direction of the
board, plans for monitors are being
prepared under the direction of Chief
Naval Constructor Hichborn. On ac
count of the small appropriation made
by Congress for each of these ves
sels—sl,2so,ooo— it has been determined
to limit their size to 2500 tons displace
ment and to supply each ship with
only one turret, to be piaced in the
forward part of the vessel. It has not
yet been definitely decided whether to
equip them with two 12-inch or two 10
inch breech-loading rifles.
The superstructure of the vessels
will be constructed so as to reach from
the turret nearly to the stern of the
ship, and rapid-fire guns will be placed
on this to be directed against any tor
pedo-boats that may attempt to attack
the ships. The turret will be so ar
ranged that the guns can be trained
over an arc of at least 300 degrees, so
that they can be fired in almost any
direction except dead astern.
These vessels will not be as efficient
as double-turreted monitors, but they
will be very effective harbor-defense
ships, and the department proposes to
make them as good as possible with
the money given by Congress. They
will probably require two years to
build.
Championship Boat Race.
VANCOUVER, B. C, May IG.— The boat
CAPTURED SPY
CONFESSES GUILT
NEW YORK, May 16.— A Niagara Falls special to the Herald
Bays: Late yesterday afternoon soldiers on guard at Fort Niagara saw
a dark-complexioned man roaming about the gTounds inside the high
stone wall. He visited the blockhouses and the old barracks ajid hung
about the old magazine buildings. He was finally placed under arrest
and locked in the guardhouse. Then he apparently came to the con
clusion that he would gain his liberty by confessing the truth.
Calling a guard, he made the statement that he had visited the fort
for the express purpose of blowing up the magazine, but found the
situation there different from what he had expected. He had lingered
about until nightfall in the hope that he might succeed under cover of
darkness. He would not tell under whose direction he was operating,
simply making the general statement that it was in the interest of the
Spanish.
he said, was how much money should
be provided by taxation and how much
by loan. In committee he had been
willing to increase the revenue feature
so as to insure $125,000,000. On this point
the Committee had been divided, some
members desiring to raise as much as
or more than $150,000,000, and he
thought that the bill would produce
this amount irrespective o-f the Demo
cratic amendments. Indeed, he thought
that the bill as agreed to by all the
members would produce even to ex
ceed $150,000,000, while he thought the
House bill would not produce to exceed
$105,000,000. ,
Taking up the amendments inserted
without the co-operation of the Re
publican members of the Finance Com
mittee, and known as the Democratic
amendments, Allison expressed the
opinion that in addition to the green
back and seigniorage provisions these
would yield $75,000,000 in the aggregate,
in addition to the estimate of $150,000,
000 already given. His estimate' in
cluded from five to six million dollars
on transportation companies, $750,000
on telegraph companies, twov>r three
million dollars on insurance companies
and $15,000,000 on banks.
Allison criticized with considerable
severity the provision for taxing cor
porations, saying that it would be es
pecially severe upon stockholders in
small corporations and that it was also
liable to cause double taxation. In con
clusion Allison said it was one duty of
the Senate to authorize the Secretary of
the Treasury to borrow from time to
time $300,000,000 or so much thereof as
might be needed for war purposes ex
clusively, and to issue 3 per cent bonds
therefor. It was also the purpose to
authorize the Secretary of the Treas
ury to issue certificates on the in
debtedness for $100,000,000 to meet any
deficit in the running expenses of the
Government.
White of California said he wanted to
call the Senate's attention to the fact
that the propriety of placing an equita
ble tax upon the oil refining interests,
the sugar trust and other great mo
nopolies would be forced upon the Sen
ate. The idea was to place some of the
burdens of the present war upon those
who were able to bear them, as well as
upon those who use a little tobacco or
take an occasional glass of beer.
Gorman of Maryland inquired if the
bill as reported to the Senate did not
levy a tax of one-fourth of one per
cent upon the very interests White re
ferred to just the same as upon smaller
corporations.
White admitted that it did, but
thought the Senate ought to have full
justice and equity in view.
Allison said that the bill would be
laid aside for the day, Jones of Arkan
sas having the floor with the under
standing that it was to be the un
finished business and would be called
up each day immediately after the
morning business.
The Senate then, at 2:40 p. m., went
into executive session, and at 3:05 p. m
adjourned.
race for, the championship of the world,
■«?«rh?-?S° id^. d here is now assured. To
£nm*« c °ity. Council made a grant of
$1000 toward the purse, and prominent cit
izens have guaranteed the balance. The
race will be rowed on July 1 on Bur
rard Inlet, and Gaudaur is expected here
to go in training the first of June.
OUTLAW SUSPECT TAKEN
IN TUOLUMNE COUNTY.
Believed to Be One of the Men Who
Robbed a Southern Pacific Train
at Goshen.
STOCKTON, May 16.— Sheriff Westfall
of Madera County passed through Stock
ton this afternoon, having In custody a
man named Low, who is said to be the
partner of Reagan, the Madera outlaw
Reagan is believed to be the leader of the
gang that held up a Southern Famine
train a few weeks ago. Low has be in in
Tuolumne County for some time and has
been in hiding.
A Fresno man named Patrick got on the
track of Ix>w and accompanied Sheriff
Westfall to the hiding place last Saturday
where they found the man wanted.
Fired Upon the Soldiers.
KEY WEST, Fla., May 16.— The Gov
ernment ram Osceola reported that
while cruising along the Cuban coast
with the torpedo-boat Ericsson on Fri
day afternoon, they saw a large body
of Spanish soldiers patrolling the shore
about eight miles west of Havana,
Both boats sent in a fusillade of shots
which scattered the troops, but it is not
known if any of the soldiers were
killed. The Spaniards did not return
the fire.
BXJSSIA'S GRAIN CHOP.
Condition of Winter Wheat Is Gen-
erally Satisfactory.
ST. PETERSBURG, May 16.— Reports
received as to the condition of the grain
crops throughout the country show that
the state of winter wheat is generally sat
isfactory and that only a few of the cen
tral districts have suffered.
VOLUNTEERS
EN ROUTE TO
SAN FRANCISCO
Oregon's Remaining Two
Battalions Leave for
the Presidio.
Kansas and Nebraska Men Are
on the Way and Coloradans
Start To-Day.
PORTLAND, Or., May 16.— The re
maining: two battalions of Oregon's
regiment of volunteers left to-night
for San Francisco by two special
trains, and will arrive at about 9:30 on
Wednesday morning. Four-fifths of the
eight companies were Portland boys,
and business was practically suspend
ed after 4 p. m. to give them a parting
cheers. Colonel Summers, Major East
wick and Major Willis were afoot and
the marching was by column of fours.
For two miles thousands of men, wo
men and children marched on either
side of the troops, completely filling
the streets.
Every soldier's hat was decorated
with a sprig of Oregon grape, fastened
by a pin ornamented with the national
colors. In the muzzle of each gun was
a white snowball and on every left
breast a red peony. The ladies of ten
churches furnished a generous lunch
eon for the volunteers, neatly tied up
in paper boxes and piled on four im
mense trucks at the union depot. Here
a crowd of not less than 20,000 assem
bled and stood from 5 until 7 o'clock,
when the last section pulled out. It
was the most impressive day in Port
land's history.
TOPEKA, Kan., May 16.— At 5 p. m.
the Twentieth Regiment of Kansas
volunteers left via the Union Pacific
for San Francisco.
It is understood that the ultimate
destination of the troops is the Philip
pines. The regiment was in command
of Lieutenant Colonel Little, Colonel
Funston being on detached duty with
General Miles staff at Tampa.
The Twenty-first Regiment is under
marching orders and expects to leave
for Chlckamauga to-morrow noon. The
Twenty-first will be formally mustered
in as a regiment to-morrow morning.
No orders have as yet been received
regarding its final disposition, but it is
the general understanding that it will
be sent to Washington.
OMAHA, May 16.— The First Regi
ment Nebraska volunteer infantry left
Lincoln at 11:30 on three special trains.
It is the intention to run through to
San Fraficisco by Wednesday night.
DENVER, May 16.— 1t is announced
to-night that the Colorado infantry
regiment will start for San Francisco
at 2 o'clock to-morrow afternoon over
the Denver and Rio Grande. Two bat
talions of troops from Kansas and one
from Nebraska will arrive in the morn
ing and go west on the Union Pacific.
The Cheyenne company will also go on
the Union Pacific.
WASHINGTON, May 16.— Adjutant
General Corbin to-day issued orders di
recting regiments of volunteers which
are ready to move to proceed to their
rendezvousing points as follows:
Fourteenth Kansas to San Francisco.
Twenty-first Kansas to Ohickamauga.
West Virginia— First to Chickamauga.
"Wisconsin — Second and Third to Chicka-
m Missouri— First and Second to Chicka-
Michigan— Thirty-first to Chickamauga.
Ohio— Sixth and Second and one battery
of artillery to Chickamauga.
Wyoming— Battalion of infantry to San
Francisco. _
Colorado — Regiment to San Francisco.
Utah-Two batteries and one troop to
San Francisco.
Illinois— Sixth to Washington.
Pennsylvania— Sixth Thirteenth, Six
teenth and Eighth to Washington.
HENRY VISITS
THE EMPEROR
With Great Pomp the
Prince of Prussia Goes
to Peking.
Received in the Summer Pal
ace by the Ruler of
China.
An Exchange or Clothing Folio-wed
by the Exchanges of Compli
ments and Presents.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PEKING,. May 16.— The visit of
Prince Henry of Prussia yesterday to
the Emperor of China was a great
event in the history of Peking. The
Prince and his suite went to the sum
mer palace mounted on ponies and
accompanied by an escort of marines
on foot. When the Prince and his com
panions arrived at the palace they were
conducted to the temple, where their
clothes were changed. Prince Henry
and Baron yon Heyking, the German
Minister here, then visited the Em
press dowager, who asked them innu
merable questions. They afterward
visited the Emperor, who received
Prince Henry and his whole suite in the
grand audience hall. The Emperor was
nervous and his hand was trembling as
he shook hands with the Prince, who
offered him a present of some magnifi
cent porcelain.
After a short exchange of compli
ments the Emperor walked to the en
trance hall, where the marines were
drawn up. The rattling drums caused
the Emperor a momentary start. The
Prince then left the Emperor and with
his suite embarked on board electric
steam launches on the lake and visited
the different points of interest.
Later the Prince returned to the au
dlenoe hall, where the Emperor re
turned his visit, bringing with him
most beautiful and valuable presents
Maryland— Fifth to Chickamauga.
New York— Sixty-fifth and Ninth to
"Washington.
New Ramphsire— First to Chickamauga,
Massachusetts— Sixth to Washington
and Eighth to Chickamauga.
CHATTANOOGA, Term.. May 16.—
Chickamauga Park, left vacant by the I
departure of the regulars, is rapidly j
filling up with volunteers. From all j
parts of the country the volunteers are
pouring Into the park in trainloads,
and the work of getting them camped
and properly accommodated is an im
mense task.
The First Regiment of Ohio cavalry, ]
600 men, under the command of Colonel !
Day, which arrived yesterday, is now
well located on the spot formerly oc
cupied by the Sixth Regiment, reg
ulars, close to the Lafayette road. The
First Ohio Infantry, 800 men, under the
command of Colonel T. M. Miliken, j
which arrived last night, went to the
park at an early hour and spent the j
day fixing its camp. The Third Wis- i
consin, 1026 men, under the command
of Colonel M. T. Moore, arrived this
morning on special trains. The Third j
Illinois regiment of infantry, twelve |
companies, 1079 men, under command I
of Colonel Fred Bennett, arrived in
four trains. The Fourth Ohio Infan
try, formerly the Fourteenth, twelve
companies, SOO men, arrived at 9 j
o'clock. This regiment is under the ;
command of the famous Colonel A. B. !
Coit. The Fourth Regiment, Pennsyl- '
vania, arrived this afternoon in three
special trains. The regiment is com
posed of 1000 men. The Fifth Regi- (
merit, Illinois infantry, 1080 men, under •
Colonel Sumner, arrived this morning
and was taken to the park.
About 4000 volunteers had arrived up
to 3 o'clock this afternoon.
SAVANNAH, Ga., May 16.— 8y the
order of Commanding General Wade ;
another camp for the rendezvous of the
United States troops has been estab
lished at Lakeland, thirty-five miles
east of Tampa, on the line of the Plant j
system of railways. All the troops ar
riving there to-day are going into camp
at that place. Lakeland is one of the
highest points in Florida, well wooded
and is supplied by artesian wells. It is
situated in what is known as the vege
table belt, where the troops can be sup
plied with vegetables of nearly all va
rieties. It is supposed that 10.000 to i
15,000 troops will be located at this '
point. Lakeland is a town of about i
2000 inhabitants and is on the main j
west coast line between Tampa, Rich
mond and Washington.
The big transport Orizaba left here
to-day for New Orleans for the purpose
of bringing to Tampa some of the regu
lar troops located there.
Major-General Wheeler to-day took
command of the cavalry division of the
army, appearing for the first time siffce i
lßfil in the blue of the United States.
Governor Bloxham and staff arrived
here to-day.
The formation into a regiment of th« !
Florida State troops will be undertaken 1
at once. The five battalions will be cut |
down to three, and the number of
troops from 1600 to 1000.
CLEVELAND, May 16.— Acting Ad
jutant General Wingrsley of the Ohio
Naval Reserves has been instructed by
the Navy Department to arranere for
the musteriner of 200 men from the re
serves. Engineers and seamen are es
pecially wanted. The men will be as
signed to Admiral Sampson's fleet. The
Ohk> Naval Reserve consists of about
336 men and 24 officers.
of vases of jade and cloisonne ware and
two fans painted by the dowager Em
press herself.
After a private conversation, lasting
a considerable time, the Prince left the
palace.
TO CARE FOR THE
POLICY-HOLDERS.
Life Insurance Companies May Es
tablish a Co-Operative Hospital
Service.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., May Presi
dent Thomas H. Bowles of the National
Association of Life Underwriters to-day
issued a letter to the presidents "of all
the life insurance companies in • the
United ; States in ; regard to the estab
lishment of a co-operative hospital ser
vice between the American life insur
ance companies for the benefit of policy
holders who are taking part in the
present conflict between the United
States and Spain. The letter in part is
as follows: s ■ - ;•- ■
In the line of scientific progress and dp
yelopment that has tso - marked the hit"
tory of the American ; life insurance com'
panles •■ of to-day, £it would appear on?v
natural and proper that the scope of their
usefulness should be extentW n , ♦£}
time in a patriotic effort to care an
protection to those of tneir policy hold
who may be called to battle in proven*
a hospital service for those who may hi?
come sick and wounded While Zonv
eminent will provide such service T as ?£
could be rented and with slight modifEa
tlons made : available for the sick The
bSre^f for r Th^^° Urn *"'" ' »>e IC madT h a
deß?h nr ?£ the com Panics in preparing
afl r?£L ° f «? r8^ nd Paying claims ii
holdPr- lde f th amon « . the polic>
?nr^n^T a convenience :at once for the
"™P n a « les and beneficiaries of the in-
OVER EIGHTY THOUSAND
VOLUNTEERS SWORN IN.
WASHINGTON, May 16.— Reports
received by Adjutant General Corbin
up to 10 o'clock to-night indicate that
81,000 volunteers have been mobilized
into the United States service. It is
expected now that unless something
unforeseen occurs all of the 125,000 vol
unteers will have been mustered into
the service and be in their permanent
camps, or en route thereto by the end
of the present week.
All day inquiries have been pouring
Into the War Department from the
Governors of States as to whether the
department would pay tha expenses of,
and allow per diem compensation to
the men who responded to the Govern
ment's call and were subsequently re
jected by the examining officers of the
army.
A decision has been reached that the
Government will bear all of the trans
portation and subsistence of rejected
applicants from the date of their en
rollment to that of their rejection, In
cluding their transportation and sub
sistence from the State camp to their
homes. No per diem pay will, how
ever, be allowed, as the men were not
in the United States army. The vari
ous States will have to bear the per
diem expenses themselves.
SAVE
rr* HE MOMENTS THAI*
■ are yours. If you don't 1
do that you will be in a
very, very bad condition
Yet that grand remedlol
treatment HUDYAN will
cure you. In a week it
stops all losses. It cures
hydrocele. It does stop
those backaches. HUDYAN
gives you renewed strength
and a new lease of life. Do
you forget what a grand
thing is strength?
YOUR
The vital force is restored!
by "HUDYAN." All tbV
evil effects of early folly are
removed by Hl JYAN. And
it does it in a week quite
often. It is the great and
■ only remedy for spermator-
rhoea; it is the one thing
which makes man. If you
are not a weakling you may
become one. Then you need.
HUDYAN.
STRENGTH.
HUDYAN cures weak knees.
HUDYAN makes you able
to face the world. HUDYaN
cures depression of the
spirits. HUDYAN will
change your life of gloom
Into one of great and glori-
ous \appinese. HUDYAN It
the sole property of the doc*
tors of the great medical in-
stitute. Ask about it.
Circulars and testimonials are sent ab«
•olutely free to all inquirers. They will
show you what has been done. I? you;
have specks beifore your eyes, if you havat
blood taint, if you have kidney, bladder oty
liver trouble— state you case plainly to th»
great physicians who do so much good.
They will charge you nothing for advice,
but they will cure you.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
STOCKTON AND MARKET STS.
22 22 22 22 22 22 2222 22 22 22 22 22 22 22 22
m
% # i q)I«UcJ S
I We Know It Pays I
I 88 To do right. That is how we have sue- S3
jBO ceeded in building up our business. We S3
' 55 never misrepresent an article or falsely 55
; c misquote a price. If you have never ,
i mo traded with us, give us a trial. Special •••
180 for this week: Ladles' Ox Blood Kid »3
j gg Button Shoes, cloth or kid tops, coin or gg
c* narrow square toes and tips; will be of- c«
*° fered for $1 65 per pair. The regular *°
SS price was $2 50, but as we have not all «
28 sizes, we concluded to close the lines 03
o» out. A few pairs of tan cloth tops at
j _ # -the same figure.' *
!*> Great reduction in Spring-Heel Foot- JS
i 25 wear, Misses' and Children's Tan Cloth g«
!55 ■_. . . Top Button or Lace •
o» f^^ . tfl{\ Shoes, with narrow S3
• ¥vPh VS&i °' in toes and spring «s
SS Ij[ W Child's sizes, 84 SS
a rsTYa^ V mi«w •' * sizes - ii :Oc - of
l\ 1 ■V* Misses' sizes, 11 ,
So # J\( xL 1 - **• a
i •S « Former prices. . ~
'2* ■^©S'v. J^. $12.") and fl 50. *°
•° V The Button Shoes C m
! SS . *^S»^ are In a. B and C "•*
M widths and the Lace Shoes in A and B &
I* widths. , . ij
SS Country orders solicited. £
25 ' Send for Illustrated Catalogue. S3
58. KATCHINSKf, g|
a : PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO., §
» 10 THIRD ST., San Francisco, a
I 22 82 22 22 22 2S 22 22 83 S ?S ?* 22 22 22 22 2i
ALASKA
KOTZEBirSOUND
KOTZEBUE SOUND
STEAMERS.
First-Class to Dawson.
3200.
ALASKA-YUKON TRANSPORTATION CO.
" (Polar Bear Line)
Will Dispatch the Following Steamers:
May 25, 1898 For St. Michael
The " New Electric Lighted Steamer
NATIONAL CITY,
: Connecting, at that point with the magnificent
river steamers ■•James Eva,"- "J. W. Scam-
mell,',' § 'H.H. Barling" and "Hetty B." lot
Dawson 1 and Yukon Kiver ' points.
June 1, 1898 For St. Michael
The ; Magnificent Steamer
EXCELSIOR,
. Connecting with the above river boats.
250 Pounds Baggage Free,
The lowest of rates can be obtained on thes«
Steamers. ALASKA-YUKON TRANSPORTA-
TION • COMPANY, General Office. 3 Steuar*
St., San Francisco. Cal. '■■ ■■■<
. Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonla 1
for , the ■-■ sexual < and urinary organs »of both
sexes, '-- and a great remedy for : diseases . of th«
kidneys and .-. bladder. A great Restorative,
Invlrorator . and ; Nervine. . Sells ■ on a its . own
Merits ; no long-winded testimonials ! necessary.
- - NABEK. ALFS & BRUNE, Agents,
I 123 : Market Street. ; S. ' F.— (Send - tor * Circular.)MOVEMENTS
OF OPPOSING
SHIPS OF WAR
American Cruiser Yale De
parts Hurriedly From
St. Thomas.
Rear Admiral Sampson's Fleet
Off the Coast of Hayti Await
ing Re-enforcements.
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
ST. THOMAS D. W. L, May 16.— The
United States auxiliary cruiser Yale
appeared in the offing at 5 o'clock this
afternoon and an officer came ashore
•with dispatches. He said the Yale had
been cruising off San Juan. The cruis
ers are expected to make daily calls at
this port.
Rear-Admiral Sampson's fleet is off
the north ocast of Hayti awaiting re
inforcements. The Harvard, at Mar
tinique, is keeping a sharp lookout for
Spanish vessels. There are numerous
incendiary fires in Porto Rico.
The Yale, which has been taking on
coal here, stopped suddenly on receiv
ing orders and left hurriedly at 11
o'clock. The cruiser was headed to
the west when she passed out of sight.
ST. PIERRE, Martinique, May 16.—
No Spanish warships were sighted at
this place to-day. The Spanish tor
pedo-boat destroyer Terror is still un
dergoing repairs at Fort de France.
The hospital ship Alicante, which is
also at this port, is being painted
white.
One signal was flashed last night
and another protest was entered by
the American Consul. It is reported
that there is a Spanish warship off the
eastern coast of this island.
The French man-of-war Amiral Re
gault de Genouilly arrived here to-day.
She was slightly damaged in the bom
bardment of Porto Rico. The rumors
of war which reach here have produced
great excitement among the natives.
CADIZ, May 16.— The dock yard au
thorities here have announced that a
reserve fleet, which would consist of
the Pelayo, Carlos V, Alfonso XIII and
the newly equipped cruisers Rapldo and
l'atria, together with the torpedo-boat
destroyers Audaz and Proserpina, will
be ready for sea in the middle of the
present week. There has been consid
erable difficulty in the matter of ob
taining skilled engineers, the Spanish
engineers being unable to obtain the
proper speed out of the torpedo catch-
The Gialda will probably accompany
the fleet as a dispatch boat. It is popu
larly surmised that the fleet goes to the
Philippines, but everything depends
upon what may happen in Havana.
Were the first Spanish fleet to make
a good position and should any mis
fortunes occur to the United States
warships, the men-of-war now in Cadiz
would be directed westward and not
eastward. The Pelayo will be the flag
ship and several armed transports will
accompany the fleet.
GIBRALTAR, May 16.— No Spanish
war vessels have been reported passing
the straits so far this morning. Only
torpedo-boats are stationed at Alge
ciras.
MADRID, May 17, 2 a. m.— A dispatch
from Cadiz to El Heraldo de Madrid
pays the port authorities at Cadiz an
nounce that the reserve fleet, composed
of the first-class battleship Pelayo, the
armored cruisers Einperador. Carlos V
and the Alfonso XIII, the newly
>ped cruisers Rapido and Patria,
with the torpedo-boat destroyers Audaz
and Proserpina will be ready for sea
this week.
CURACOA. May 16.— The Spanish
squadron under Ceivera, which left last
evening after the cruisers Vizcaya and
Ir.fanta Maria Teresa had taken on
about SCO tons of coal and a great
quantity of provisions, has not been
sighted to-day. When the squadron
disappeared it was going westward.
PHILADELPHIA, May 16.— The
United States cruiser Columbia passed
Delaware Capes at 2:30 o'clock this
afternoon and then came to anchor.
Her arrival was unexpected. A boat
came ashore with mail and official re
ports. Soon after orders were received
for the Columbia through the signal
service station and after a stay of sev
eral hours the Columbia steamed away.
LONDON, May 17.— The Daily Mail
62.ys this morning: According to the
most trustworthy information the
Fpanish cruisers Cardinal CJsneros,
Princess de Asturia and Catalina are
not 3 T et ready for sea and therefore
cannot have arrived at Martinique.
WASHINGTON.. May 10. —It is said
et the Navy Department that Admiral
Sampson reported to the Navy De
partment to-day by cable from Cape
Haytien. It is understood ti»it the ad
miral by reason of information re
ceived by him changed his plans of
tions. and instead of going to
Key West has directed his vessels to
wark r->nfuegos, where he is expected
to arrive within?: the next day or two.
WASHINGTON, May 16.— Tho Navy
Department takes with great allowance
the report that the Spanish strategists
have succeeded in sending a second
Squadron under Admiral Villamil to the
West Indies and that it is off Mar
tinique. Even if the alleged informa
tion did not bear the suspicious ear
mark of a Madrid date, the Department
would not be surprised to hear that
Admiral Villamil. as well as Admiral
Cervera, was with the Spanish force in
the Caribbean Sea.
The fact that the report came from
Madrid satisfies the officials here that
this is another Spanish ruse to center
our attention on Martinique, while
their ships have pass.-d westward. The
report has it that Admiral Villamil has
with him the cruisers Cisneros, Cata
luna and Princesaa de Asturias. It Is
known, however, that Villamil is not
the admiral of these ships and that at
least one of them, the Cisneros, is on
the other side of the water. It is add
ed that Admiral Villamil is a subordi
nate to Admiral Cervera, whose partic
ular duties are to command the torpedo
destroyers attached to the first Span
ish squadron. He occupies the same
attitude that Commodore Watson does
to Admiral Sampson.
The fact that the alleged report of the
Eecond squadron passed a Madrid cen-
Bor indicates the desire of the Spanish
authorities to spread abroad this mis
leading information. Its purpose, It
Is belioved. is to induce Admiral Samp
eon to remain with his fleet at or near
Martinique, in quest of the shadowy
Second squadron, so as to tako him
•-way *rom his pursuit of Admiral Cer
! vera and the actual Spanish game al
ready in sight.
PORT AU PRINCE, Hayti, May 16.—
The United States torpedo boat Porter
returned to Cape Haytien this morning,
having left Rear Admiral Sampson's
fleet in the offing. Lieutenant Bennett
conferred with the United States Con
sul at Cape Haytien and filed dis
patches from the rear admiral. The
rendezvous of '.he fleet is north of Cape
Havtien.
The Porter left here at 10 o'clock to
rejoin the fleet. While going to Cape
Haytien yesterday the Porter scraped
a reef, but sustained no damage.
The destination of the fleet is uncer-
MAP SHOWING WEST INDIES AND POSITIONS OF THE VARIOUS FLEETS AND WARSHIPS WHICH ARE LIKELY TO
MEET IN BATTLE.
tain. The storeship Supply was ex
pected to warn the Minneapolis at Cape
Haytien, and her departure from there
is said to be due to a mistake which
will probably be rectified by the Por
ter's return.
The cruiser Minneapolis is likely to
be intercepted with new orders.
CHICAGO, May 16.— A special from
Washington says: It is believed to be
the plan of Admiral Cervera to Keep
out of the way of the battle-ships and
turn his attention to the cruisers and
gunboats. This he can perhaps do by
reason of his superior speed. Coast
cities may be attacked in pursuance of
this plan.
A special to the Journal from Wash
ington says: A big surprise awaits the
Spanish admiral if he sails for Mar
tinique. There he is apt to find a new
squadron, composed of the Oregon, the
Marietta, the Buffalo (the Nictheroy),
the Montgomery, the Yale and the St.
Louis. The latter have been sent by
Admiral Sampson to effect a junction
with Captain Clark and to remain near
Martinique. Under orders the Oregon
has been making rapid time since she
left Bahia,
A special to the Journal from Wash
ington says: Havana is short of pow
der and shot.- It is to supply Blanco
with ammunition for his big guns that
the Cape Verde fleet has been ordered
to take all risks to reach Cuba,
Blanco, it is asserted, wired to Mad
rid that he had not enough ammunition
for the guns of his harbor fortifications
to last two days and that if it had to
be divided with the forts protecting
Havana on the land side his powder
and shot supply would not last twenty
four hours.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, May 16.—Ad
vices which have just been received
I from Cienfuegos, Island of Cuba, say
the Spanish -cruiser Reina Mercedes, of
5800 tons, now at Santiago de Cuba, has
j seven boilers disabled and" she is other
wise so unseaworthy that she has been
anchored at the harbor entrance as a
J guard ship.
NEW YORK, May 16.— The British
steamer Earnwood, which left Barba-
I does May 9, arrived to-day. She re
! ports that on May 3 the Spanish trans
port Alfonso XIII, with 500 troops on
board, put in to Barbadoes, but was
ordered to leave again by the authori
ties. ______________
SON OF A FAMOUS
GENERAL A CHAPLAIN
Rev. Father Thomas Sherman Ap-
poijited for the Fourth Mis
souri Regiment.
CHICAGO, May 16.— Rev. Thomas
Sherman of the Society of Jesus, con
nected with St. Ignatius, Chicago, has
been appointed chaplain of the Fourth
Regiment of Missouri National Guard,
Colonel Corbin commanding. Almost
all the men of the regiment are Catho
lics. Father Sherman is the son of W.
T. Sherman, and is enthusiastic over
his appointment. Another Jesuit father
of St. Ignatius College has been notified
that his appointment to serve as chap
lain has been accepted.
Sentenced to San Quentin.
LOS ANGELES. May 16.-L. T. Harris
and George Cartwell, who shot and killed
John W. Hilton on January 22, over a
road dispute and who were found guilty
on May 5 of manslaughter, were sen
tenced to-day by .Judge Smith to eight
years each In the San Quentin Peniten
tiary.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 17, 1898.
HELD CAPTIVE
BY INSURGENTS
Experience of Officers of
the Gunboat Alert in
Nicaragua.
Released After the Capture of
San Juan, but Later Fired
Upon.
Nicaragua - Costa Rica Treaty of
Peace Signed Aboard the Ameri
can Warship.
Special .Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO. May 16.— The little gun- j
boat Alert came up to-day from the
south. Her sails were all set as she
plowed up along the coast, and the
brisk west wind and her steam sent her .
along at a good speed. The people on |
Coronado Beach were somewhat
alarmed, as no notice of the Alert's
arrival had been given, and it was '
thought that perhaps the long-looked- j
for Spanish privateer had appeared.
The Alert left San Francisco on Janu
! a'ry 11 to survey the proposed harbor
! of San Juan del Sur, the terminus of
i the Nicaragua canal. She is now on
! her way back to Mare Island, and her
officers and men earnestly hope to be
called into active war service.
The first news of Dewey's victory and
succeeding events was learned by Cap
tain Leutze and his men upon arrival
here. Newspapers were simply de
voured by the dozen. The tars sent up
; lusty cheers over the glorious victory in
j the Philippines.
"We had a little hint of fun our
| selves," said Captain Leutze, '"but
' nothing approaching the dignity of a
I fight. After doing considerable work,
Ensign Standley and myself went on
horseback to Rivas, in the interior of
Nicaragua, to report to Admiral
I Walker. On our return the insurrection
j was on, and the insurgents ran across
j us and took charge of us until they had
I completed the capture of San Juan.
| Then they released us. I permitted a
i number of refugees to go aboard the
Alert, and this led to an attack upon us
by the insurgents. They fired 3 and 4
pounders at us, but it did no damage —
J merely caused us to laugh. We could
! easily have silenced them, but did not
: propose to fire. I placed Lieutenant
i Field and a body of men at the Ameri
| can consulate and kept the Alert in
position to protect them, but there was
no occasion to shoot. That same day
| the Government forces drove the mi
i surgents out.
"We took on board the Nicaraguan
j peace commission and sailed for Punta
I Arenas, there taking on the Costa
Rican commission. On board the Alert,
at sea on April 26, the \treaty of peace
between these countries was signed.
After landing the commissions we
sailed for San Francisco, stopping at
Corinto and Acapulco for coal. We
were charged exorbitantly at both
places on account of the war."
Captain Leutze was formerly with
Dewey on the Juniata. and is a great
i admirer of the Little Giant of the
| Philippines. The Alert will take on
coal to-morrow and sail at once for
Mare Island.
Authorizes Aid for Cubans.
WASHINGTON, May 10.— In the
House to-day Marsh of Illinois pre
sented the conference report upon the
bill authorizing the army officers to
furnish food to the Cuban people and
arms and equipments to Cubans to in
crease their fighting effectiveness
against Spain during the present war.
The report was adopted without objec
tion.
SPANISH SOLDIERS SEEK
THEIR OWN DEFEAT.
KINGSTON. Jamaica, May 16.— The French cruiser Fulton, with
thirty-eight French refugees from Havana on board, was released from
quarantine to-day. She left Havana' on the evening of May g. The
city's food supplies were then calculated to last three months, but this
was a high estimate. The price of food was as follows:
Flour, 30 cents a pound; eggs, io cents each; beef, 50 cents a pound.
There was great misery among the lower classes.
Volunteers are said to be pacific. Many Cubans have joined in order
to preserve their families and be allowed to use firearms for personal
defense in case of riot. Many Spanish soldiers are sick in hospitals and
the troops are disheartened, dreading cooping up in Havana during the
coming fever season. All openly express a wish that American victories
will cause Spain to abandon Cuba and allow them to return home. A
new police force edict has been issued in town, creating volunteer police
force in every division. Only Spaniards are allowed to join;' ostensibly
this is for the preservation of public order, but in reality it is to create
organized espionage.
RESCUE OF TWO
JOURNALISTS
Spanish Authorities at
Havana Ready to
Exchange.
Thrall and Jones Will Be Sur
rendered for Two Other
Prisoners of War.
Success of the Mission of Lieutenant
Brainard, Who Went With a
Flag of Truce.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KEY WEST, Fla., May 16.— The Uncas,
after leaving here at 1 o'clock on Sun
day morning, headed for Havana and
spoke the Mayflower, which was act
ing as flagship of the blockading fleet.
Lieutenant Brainard, U. S. N., special
agent of the United States Govern
ment, boarded her and handed sealed
orders to the captain, who thereupon in
structed the Uncas to hoist a white
flag and proceed into Havana harbor.
The Uncas then steamed toward Ha
vana and within signaling distance of
Morro Castle she signaled, asking for
an anchorage. The castle signaled
back that its commander was waiting
for instructions, and that the Uncas
must certainly not anchor.
After an interval, a launch with the
harbor authorities on board put out
from the Bhore and took on board
Lieutenant Brainard and Mr. Knight,
the correspondent of the London
Times, who had been chosen to nego-
tiate the exchange of prisoners. As
the launch was returning to the shore
she was met by Captain-General
Blanco's launch, coming out with the
captain-general's aide d>* camp and Mr.
Gullon, the British Consul-General.
The boats drew together and a con
ference was held. Lieutenant Brain
ard and Mr. Knight were assured that
Charles Thrall and Hayden Jones were
absolutely safe and were being treated
with every consideration. It was added
that Captain-General Blanco was will
ing to release them the moment the
United States authorities sent him two
Spanish prisoners in exchange. Mr.
Knight was told he could not land at
Havana from an American boat, In
spite of the flag of truce, and it was
explained to him that if he desired to
reach Havana he must go there on a
ship belonging to some neutral power.
The Uncas then returned to Key
West and delivered the information to
the department. It is understood that
two of the Spanish captives now in
Fort McPherson, Atlanta, will be
promptly sent down and the exchange
of prisoners will be consummated with
out further trouble.
War Expenses of the Navy.
WASHINGTON, May 16.— The Secre
tary of the Navy sent to the House to
day an estimate for the appropriation
of $33,000,000 in round numbers to cover
the war expenditures of the navy for
the first six months of the next fiscal
year. This is supplemental to the es
timates heretofore received and is ex
pected to cover one-half of all the ex
penditures the war will impose on the
naval service next year.
Alphonse Dennery Dead.
SACRAMENTO. May lfi. — Alphonse
Dennery died here to-day at the age of
70. Many years ago Mr. Dennery was a
ciorkery merchant here, prior to which
he conducted a restaurant in Napa. He
was a native of Metz, France.
Death of an Orchardist.
CORNWALL, May 16.— George T. Wilds,
nn orchardist and warehouseman at Mc-
Avoy station, died this morning of ery
sipelas.
HAWAIIANS
VOLUNTEER
A Company Is Promptly
Raised When Word of
War Is Received.
Steamship Rio Carries News
That Causes Much Ex
citement.
Dole's Government Will Not Deem
It Necessary to Declare
Neutrality.
Correspondence of The Call.
HONOLULU, May 10.— The steamship
R!o Janeiro arrived from San Fran
cisco on the 7th, bringing news of war
between the United States and Spain.
Captain Nichols was seen on board the
Bennington shortly after he had read
his dispatches and also after he had
had an interview with Minister Sewall
and Consul General Haywood. He said:
"I have received no orders respecting
the immediate movement of my vessel.
If I am to leave here the department
has not apprised me of the fact. My
dispatches by the Rio relate merely to
what is going on on the other side."
Asked what he would do in case this
Government proclaimed its neutrality,
the captain stated that that was a mat
ter of which he could not possibly speak
at this time. He said in effect, If
not plainly, that his movements in such
a contingency would depend largely up
on the wishes of this Government.
At the United States Consulate and
Legation everything pertaining to the
war or the probable developments in
this quarter is kept profoundly secret.
It is reported from the Bennington
that the work of cleaning, begun last
Saturday, has been finished, and the
vessel will at once be cleared for war.
She will be* painted the lead gray color
she must wear in action for Uncle Sam.
Reports have been flying thick and
fast since Saturday night as to what
the Hawaiian Government will do with
the occupation bill now in its hands,
and what proceeding will be taken with
respect to the war. It is almost certain
that the bill will not be put before the
Legislature for the present, not before
Thursday, at any rate. It is equally
certain that this Government will not
declare its neutrality as between the
United States and Spain.
There is being quietly organized here
a company of 100 men for service with
troops of the United States in case an
assignment to active duty can be se
cured. It is said that reliable men of
means are behind the movement, and
thai all the preliminary arrangements
have been made. A reply to the offer
made to the Secretary of War is ex
pected on the 17th inst.
The Hawaiian Government will not
proclaim neutrality. This stand is
taken on account of the existing rela- i
tions between the United States and
Hawaii. The executive considers that a
proclamation of neutrality would be a
breach of good faith.
The Government made known its
position yesterday at a secret session of
the Senate. It is understood that the
Senators favored the stand taken by
President Dole.
It was extensively reported in the
business community on the "th that
Spain, through agents here, was buying
all the coal to be had in these islands.
The consul for Spain denied the story
and said that there was not a word of
truth in it.
That a coal famine Is imminent there
can hardly be any doubt. Last week
stocks were lower than in many j
months, scarcely 8000 tons being on '
hand and only one house has any coal
for sale, and will only consent to sell
in quantities to satisfy immediate de
mands.
United States Consul General Hay
wood has been watching the situation :
keenly, and has strongly fortified
America's position. He has 3600 tons ■
of coal on hand at the present time
with two cargoes afloat, bound for this
port. In less than a monta the United
States will have 7400 tons of coal at this
port, a very respectable amount.
There was a move on foot here the '
other day to place a number of Ameri
can barks now plying between San
Francisco and this port under the Ha
waiian flag in order to save insurance.
Among the vessels which were to j
change flags were the S. N. Castle and
the S. C. Allen. The scheme did not
carry for the reason that the local un
derwriters stepped in with the an
nouncement that they will demand war
rates on Hawaiian bottoms. The in
surance men claim that Spanish cruis
ers will not spare Hawaiian vessels on
account of the strong American feel
ing prevailing here.
A New Railway Opened.
ASTORIA. May 16.— The Astoria and
Columbia River Railroad was opened for
traffic to-day. The new line connects
with the Northern Pacific at Gcble and
with the Southern Pacific and the Oregon
Railway and Navigation Company at
Portland
WAR SPIRIT
OF THE DONS
INCREASING
But There Is a Prospect
of the Cabinet Crisis
Being Prolonged.
Owing to the Turmoil in Spain the
King's Birthday Celebrations
Are Abandoned.
MADRID, May 16.— Senor Moret. the
Minister for the Colonies, to-day con
firmed the statement that any changes
made in the composition of the Cabinet
would be wholly in the direction of a
more active war policy. He said: "Re
cent events have greatly increased the
war spirit of the nation. The great
est reliance Is placed upon Admiral
Cervera's squadron and upon the skill
of the Spanish admiral. Cervera is not
hampered by instructions and the de
tails of his plans are not even kno.wn
to the Ministers."
Captain-General Blanco, in a dis- I
patch from Havana, officially reiterates
the Spanish version of the so-called !
fight between the Spanish gunboats ]
Conde de Venadito and Nueva Espana i
and the vessels of the American j
blockading fleet. He chums that the •
two gunboats engaged five American j
ships and forced the latter to retreat,
adding: "I obtained the results de- I
sired, namely, to attract as many of the I
enemy's ships as possible. Yesterday
morning there were only three hei'e and
now there are eleven."
Senor Sagasta this afternoon visited
the palace and formally handed to the
Queen Regent the resignations of the
ministry.
The Queen Regent then charged Se
nor Sagasta to form a new Cabinet.
The Premier will confer with the
Presidents of the Chambers and with
Senor Gamazou.
A communication has been sent to
the Chambers announcing the Cabinet
crisis, and asking the Chambers to sus
ADVERTISEMENTS.
© © © © © ® ® ® ® ® ® © © © © © © © ®® ® © ® © © © © © © ©'© ©©©©©©{
® - ■ Esa was jflfe a ■ ®
® : ■ t * * ;;.:: , " , •. l;. : ~ ®
® , , ■'.. - "■■■-. :- {£*&& - ■•- • That is what you lack © ;
I j^^^^^T"^ ;::::::::::=r * v v when you feel tired ' ® !
g ?p ■ W^y^^jM languid, dull and stupid. ® ;
®^^^^^^.^Y^&W : when all seems to be ® :
®-• JP^ full of life about you. f' |j
® s"v!m irßfi* * v $$■$$$ Hi 8 ISO ■ a I I ■ '
® '^^PS-^i^^o 'I id LfoblSlCllji i 1i 1
® ■••:. :; : .'*^ af . ■.., r^~**^ -:-,^, - > -. ;:-; ; -... :: ;.rg ...■ ' ._; ■ - @; i
© If you charge your nerves with electric life every ® f ;-
night from Dr. Sanden's v Electric Belt it will awaken © ;
@ our dormant .powers and fill you with sparks of life. *® I
® ia^iiibm^ Annun ARRni" ®!
1 ANOTHER GRANO CORE. I
® -•' - - '' ■ ♦ ~.- - ~ -- ' . ®1
®.: : "As I have been' advising. my friends to try your belt. I. wish to tell you my experl- /c\";
®ence. -It has cured me of a bad case of yaricocele as well as a very weak vital system. .^.j
.-- I was "badly run down,; and had a large swelling on the left ' side, r My strength .was. © j
© gradually leaving me, and -I felt that I would die if I didn't get help. ,1 was advised _ :
.--.-to get .your belt, and. got one.cithelpeime at once, ami In tmrtv u.iys 1 win* grufciiy _-'■'■■<£) J"
OlJ'. Improved. My friends remarked at my increase ,in weight. In two months the - vari- (y» (
(i) cocele was all gone.',- and I was as strong as ever. -I have been all right since. It 4 has A- 1 , :
w . . also cured my brother or" . Sciatic Rheumatism," writes G. H.GLASEK, Little Shasta, © ;
® Cal., May 10, IS9S. -, ". ' , ', " ® :
% It is grand to feel strong, humiliating to be weak.' ®'j
® If you are weak get the booklet 'Three Classes of ® [ ;
Men." It helps manhood. It can be had free upon ®;
® request, either by mail or at the office. , ® i
® ' J ® !
® SANDFN FT FrTßir TO * — ~* r ®7!i
o", ' 702 Market Street, Corner. Geary, San Franoisco. • ;; ' NOTICE. : ; : © I
© ■ Office hours— a.m.: to sp. m.: SuVirtays. 10 /. Dr. Sanden's offices ". ®J;
„ to l.;r- Branches at Los Angeles,' Cai;,-204»4 South are now at 702 Market /^'i
VS) : - Broadway ;el-ortland. Or., :'s3.\Vas!iington_st.; «tropt->nmpr Oparv " ! ' ® i
/5\ Denver, Colo., 931 Sixteenth St.; Dallas, Tex., street, . corner Ueary. I ~.]
W r 285 Main st. : . • . - . •">■• •.'■».-"...- ■ ■ -. - ... -.- - * W [
® ® I
®® ®®©©® © ® © © ©'© ®®©® ® © ® © ®.®,® ® ® ®,®. ®.® ®®© © ® ;
pend their sessions pending a solution.
Senor Sagasta believes the new minis
try will be formed by Wednesday
next.
Orders have been issued by Senor Sa
gasta countermanding the reception,
which was to have been held to-mor
row upon the occasion of the King's
birthday, and he has instructed the.
captains general in all districts not to
hold their usual receptions.
On receiving the announcement that
the Cabinet had resigned both houses
adjourned.
Marquis Vega d'Armijo, President of
the Chamber, has advised Senor Sa
gasta to end the crisis as quickly as
possible. Senor Monterio Rios, Presi
dent of the Senate, has offered his sup
port, but does not desire to enter the
new Cabinet.
Senor Gamazou, who is ill, also de
clines to enter the Cabinet, but he
promises to support any ministry or
ganized by Senor Sagasta.
The general impression is that the
Cabinet crisis will be protracted. Se
nor Romero y Robledo thinks that
Marshal Martinez Campos ought to be
the chief of the new ministry.
Admiral Camara, the commander of
the Spanish reserve squadron at Cadiz,
has been recalled here to confer with I
the Ministers respecting his intended
operations.
The newspapers express fear that a
secret Anglo-American alliance already
exists.
PROTESTS AGAINST
AMERICAN FEELING
The Journal dcs Debats Claims That
France Is Not Unfriendly to
This Country.
PARIS, May 16.— The Journal dcs De-j
bats in the course of a long article to
day, reflects the anxiety experienced in
Government circles here respecting the
feeling aroused in America on account
of France's open sympathy with Spain.
It says: "'The whole affair is a mis
understanding. French opinion at the
outset of the war certainly regarded j
the United States as in the wrong and
some of the papers expressed this opin
ion in an aggressive tone. The Ameri
cans, however, should not have taken
the matter tragically, for, of all for
eigners, our natural sympathies are for'
the United States and our Government I
throughout has acted most correctly."
After charging Great Britain with be- j
ing at the bottom of the mischief and I
declaring that it is America's own busi- i
ness if she decides to interfere in dis- '
tant affairs, the article concludes:
"What concerns us is that America
should not, in taking up the great role
of international domain, start with pre- ,
conceived ideas against us and de- ,
nounce the good understanding with
France which has been so useful in the
past and which is still more desirable !
in the future. The French nation was
never really hostile to the Americans, '
whn will realize this when the present
friction has had time to disappear."
WILL FORTIFY ST. JOHNS.
Great Britain Preparing for Possible
War With France.
ST. JOHNS, N*. F., May 16.— The Colo
nial Government has been advised that,
owing to complications between Great
Britain and France, which are likely to
result in war, and to the constant fric
tion' always developing along the French
shore of Newfoundland, the imperial i
authorities intend to fortify St. Johns.
Baseball at Mayfield.
MAYFIELD, May 16.— The home club
defeated the Western Unions of San Jose !
here yesterday. Score, 21 to 11. i
34
CAPTURE THE
CITY OF ROSES
Knights of Pythias and
Their Ladies in Full
» Possession.
Find the Sonoma Metropolis
Gay With Carnival
Colors.
Invaders Met at the Depot r>nct Es
corted Through Flower-Giirbed
Streets.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA. May 16.— The City of
Roses was to-night a veritable rose
garden — a brilliant mass of color. Broad
streamers were pendent from every
building, thousands of Chinese lanterns
■were strung across the streets, electric
lights gleamed everywhere and elabor
ate floral decorations embellished many
leading store fronts. <
W. H. Grant, Grand Chancellor
Knights of Pythias.
The occasion for this outburst of en
thusiasm was the arrival of delegates
to the Grand Lodges of Knights of
Pythias and Rathbone Sisters, which
will convene in this city to-morrow
morning, marking the first event of the
week set aside for the annual rose car-
nival celebration, the predecessors of
■which already have made this city and
Its floral wealth famous over half the
world.
A delegation from the reception com
mittee met the Donahue train and, pre
ceded by Park's band, marched with
the arriving delegates to general head
quarters, where the visitors were as
signed to rooms.
The uniformed band from Camp Hah
man, where the uniformed rank is en
camped in a city of tents, met the
Southern Pacific train as it drew in,
and, escorted by the entire advance
guard of the uniformed division, the
delega-tion from the southern part of
the State was taken to headquarters
and assigned accommodations.
Park's band then gave an open air
concert from the portico of the Court
house for the entertainment of the
* throngß that lined the sidewalks, and
the Pythian band escorted the dele
gates to Fraternity Hall, where a short
opening session of the Grand Lodge
was called to order.
Grand Chancellor Grant called meet-
Ing to order. The grand lodge degree
vaa conferred on 150 candidates.
The proceedings to-morrow will con
sist principally of lodge work, but en
tertainments of a private nature will
take place in several parts of the city,
and in the evening the great reception
to delegates and carnival visitors will
be held in the Atheneum, the largest
auditorium in the city.
On Wednesday there will be the big
excursion to the redwoods of Guerne
ville; on Wednesday evening the grand
ball; on Thursday the public corona
tion of the carnival queen, and on
Friday afternoon the gorgeous and
spectacular street pageant, in which
a fleet of warships and many other
novel features never before seen at any
carnival In California will be presented
to the public. The juvenile carnival
ball will be held on Friday evening at
Hidgeway Hall.
The officers of the Uniform Hank of
the Knights of Pythias, which is now
In camp here, are:
Brigadier-General C. F. McGlashan,
MAJOR GENERALS
ARE ALL ASSIGNED
WASHINGTON. May 16.— In a general order issued at the War
Department this afternoon the assignments to the different corps and
other important commands are announced. The order is as follows:
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,
Adjutant-General's Office, Washington, May 16, 1898.
The following order has been received from the War Department:
WAR DEPARTMENT, WASHINGTON, May 16, 1898.
The following assignment of general officers to command is hereby
made by the President:
Major-General Wesley Merritt, U. S. A., the Department of the
Pacific:
Major-General John S. Brooke, U. S. A., the First Corps and the De
partment of the Gulf.
Major-General William M. Graham, United States Volunteers, the
Second Corps, with headquarters at Falls Church, Va.
Major-General James F. Wade, United States Volunteers, the Third
Corps, reporting to Major-General Brooke, Chickamauga.
Major-General John C. Coppinger, United States Volunteers, the
Fourth Corps, Mobile, Ala.
Major-General William R. Shafter, United States Volunteers, the Fifth
Corps, Tampa, Fla.
Major-General Elwell S. Otis, United States Volunteers, to report to
Major-General Merritt, U. S. A., for. duty with tro<^s in the Department
oj the Pacific.
Major-General James H. Wilson, United States Volunteers, the Sixth
Corps, Chickamauga, reporting to Major-General Brooke.
Major-General Fitzhugh Lee, United States Volunteers, the Seventh
Corps, Tampa, Fla.
Major-General Joseph H. Wheeler, United States Volunteers, the
cavalry division, Tampa, Fla.
R. A. ALGER, Secretary of War.
By command of Major-General Miles.
H. C. CORBIN, Adjutant-General.
commanding:, Truckee; Colonel L. Burks,
chief of staff, San Francisco; Colonel J.
P. Abbott, assistant adfutant-general,
Stockton: Colonel A. J. Buckles, assistant
judge advocate-general, Fairfield; Colonel
T. A. Nerney, assistant inspector-general,
San Francisco; Colonel E. C. Dunn, as
sistant surgeon-general, Fresno; Colonel
J. H. Wright, assistant quartermaster
general, Sacramento; Colonel F. Dodd,
brigade mustering officer, San Francisco;
Colonel W. J. Hogan. brigade engineer,
Sacramento; Colonel C. L. Pat ton, brig
ade signal officer. San Francisco; Colonel
N. P. Justy. assistant commissary-gen
era!. Fresno; Major T. H. Gilbert, brigade
chaplain. Red Bluff; Major George Bit
tenger, aid-de-camp. Riverside; Major
George Samuels, aid-de-camp, Oakland;
Major S. Steele, aid-de-camp, Chino;
Major J. A. Luken, aide-de-camp, Pasa
dena.
First Regiment, U. R. K. of P.-Colonel
William J. Kidd. commanding. San Fran
cisco; Lieutenant-Colonel F. W. G.
Morosco, Oakland; major J. M. Keenan,
First Battalion. San Francisco: Major P.
O'Kane, Second Battalion. Oakland; Cap
tain H. Bornemann, signal officer, San
Francisco; raptain T. H. Wagstaff,
quartermaster, San Francisco.
Second Regiment, U. R. K. of P.—
Colonel William A. Fish, commanding,
Red Bluff; Lieutenant-Colonel Charles
Per or. Nevada City; Major F. J. Dietrich,
First Battalion. Sacramento: Major J. M.
Newman, Second Battalion, Colfax;
Major James T. Martin, surgeon. Wood
land; Captain Sam Liebling, adjutant,
Sacramento; Captain H. C. Swain.
quartermaster. Red Bluff: Captain E. G.
Messner, commissary, Sacramento.
Third Regiment, U. R. X.-of P.— Colonel
H. R. Arndt. commanding. San
Diego; Major Jnmos G. Scarborough.
First Battalion. Los Angeles; Major
Charif* O. .\lkire. Second Battalion,
Riverside; Major W. S. Ruby, surgeon,
Riverside; Captain R. V. Dodge, adjutant,
San Diego; Captain E. E. Whitney,
quartermaster. San Diego; Captain V. H.
Rnutzahn. commissary. Los Angeles;
Captain T. M. Merlinjones. chaplain,
Santa Monica: Captain N. FI. Hamilton,
assistant Burgeon, Santa Monica.
The following are the officers of the
Grand Temple of the Rathbone Sisters:
Mrs. Lydia A. Monroe, G. C, Riverside;
Mrs. Mary A. Fitzgerald. G. S., Sacra
mento; Miss Clarabel Farno, G. J., Oak
land: Mrs. Sarah Chamberlln. G. M.,
Eureka: Mrs. Louise Holmes, G. M.
of R. and C. East Oakland; Mrs. Belle C.
NTickell, G. M. of F., Los Angeles: Mrs.
Emma Scholfield. G. P., San Francisco;
Mrs. Bertha Nathan, G. O. G., Hanford;
Mrs. Marie H. Welden. P. G. C Grass
Valley; Mrs. Wessie Katzenstein, S. R.
(two years). Sacramento; Mrs. Marie 11.
Weldon, S. R. (four years). Grass Valley.
The following will represent the sev
eral temples named of the order in this
domain:
Purity Temple No. 2, Los Angeles— Mrs.
Ottie Adolph.
Fidelity No. 4, Pasadena— Miss Rosa L.
Aliin.
Harmony No. 5, Arroyo Grande— Mrs.
Mary S. Swall.
Calantho No. 6. Oakland— Mrs. Margaret
Kfiso ami Mrs. Annie Journal.
East Oakland No. 7, East Oakland — Mrs.
Anna M. Liese.
Ramona No. 8, Eureka— Nellie Ford.
Olympic No. 40. Grass Valley— Mrs.
Florence Fox and Mrs. Marvick.
San Francisco No. 11, San Francisco-
Mrs. Ida E. Merguiro.
Riverside No. 12. Riverside— Mrs. Fan
nie Miller and Mrs. JuMet Stibbens.
Myrtle No. 13, Truckee— Mrs. Lillie D.
Long.
Magnolia No. 15, Santa Maria — Mrs. E.
M. Brown.
Equality No. 18, Salinas — Mrs. May
Steigleman.
Mrs. Lydia A. Monroe, Grand
Chief, Rathbone Sisters.
Yosemite No. 19, Merced— Mrs. Carrie
Hastings.
Mayflower No. 20, San Ardo— Miss Min
nie Dudley.
Mizpah No. 22, San Jose — Mrs. Sarah J.
Rogers.
Damon No. 23, Stockton— Mrs. Mary J.
Gray and Mrs. Miriam Stacey.
Corona No. 24, Pomona — Mrs. Marion
Phillips.
Weldon-Hill No 25, Jackson— Mrs. Sarah
J. Bennett.
Seaside No. 30, San Pedro— Mrs. Grace
Schulze.
Far West No. 31, Petrolia— Mrs. Sarah
Person.
Royal No. 33, Hanford— Mrs. Nannie E.
Davidson. _, __ '
Paradise No 34, Angels Camp— Mrs. Mary
Beatrice No. 35, San Lucas— Mrs. Hattie
Williams.
Woodbine No. 36, San Diego— Mrs. Min
"casUe No. 37. Red Bluff— Mrs. Susie
Alta No. 38, Los Gatos— Miss L. Jennie
Charity No. 39, San Bernardino— Mrs.
Lizzie J. Allen.
Mountain Fern No 41, Colfax— Mrs.
Charlotte Whitcomb.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 17, 1898.
RAIN BENEFITS
GROWING BEETS
One Good Effect of the
Recent General
Downpour.
Chinos Sugar Factory Will
Pay Out Much Coin to
Farmers.
Fruit-Growersin Southern California
Have Profited by the
Showers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
POMONA, May 16.— A broad smile
adores the countenances of the people
of Chino and Pomona valleys. The
heavy rain yesterday has done incal
culable good to all sugar-beet fields
and has been a blessing to fruit-grow
ers. Tc-night another rain is ap
proaching. There will be at least 4000
acres of sugar beets ready for the
Chino Sugar Factory by August,
whereas it was feared a month ago
there would not be enough beets to run
the factory. Hundreds of sugar-beet
growers who have been discouraged at
growing beets this year are now as
sured of a goc-d crop and large profit.
Orange and lemon groves are so well
watered by the rain that no irrigation
will be necessary for another month.
STOCKTON, May- 16.— Special tele
phone reports from points in San Joa
quin, Merced and Stanislaus counties
indicate that while the rain of Satur
day night and Sunday was of benefit
to winter-sown and late summer fal
low grain, and to vegetables and fruit,
especially grapes, considerable hay was
down, and a good deal that had
been cut was badly damaged. In some
few places the rain will have the effect
of filling out the wheat which is alive,
while in other places wheat is too far
gone to be benefited. Taken altogeth
er, however, the rain has been of more
benefit than the damage amounts to.
The biggest crap of oranges ever raised
in Oakdale will be plucked this season,
while at Clements the prune crop will
be immense. The rain has had the ef
fect of cleansing the fruit trees of bugs
and spiders. The average rainfall was
over an inch.
LODI, May 16.— Over an inch of rain
has fallen here since Saturday. The
rain will be worth thousands of dollars
to the raisers of grain, sugar beets,
watermelons .and grapes, but hay-pro
ducers will suffer a slight loss. The
rainfall is particularly opportune for
grain-growers, as it will help the grain
to ripen and fill out. Indications point
to a further rainfall to-night.
SAN JOSE. May 16.— Rain began
falling again this morning at 4 o'clock.
The total for the storm since it began
Saturday afternoon was .43 of an inch
at noon to-day.
MARYSVILLE. May IG.-The rainfall
for the storm which began Saturday
afternoon is 0.75 of an Inch; 0.70 of which
fell on Saturday night. Growing grain
and fruit will be benefited. Prospects in
Yuba and Sutter are now good for a fair
hay crop. Rainfall In the foothills, with
a snow storm farther up, insures to the
miners of Yuba County a plentiful sup
ply of water.
REDDING. May 16.— The rain of the
past few days has been of incalculable
benefit to the upper portion of the Sca
ramento Valley, and especially the moun
tain valleys of Northern California.
There is some damage reported. Dry feed
is injured, but as a whole grain and feed
have been benefited.
SAN DIEGO. May 16.-Rain began fall
ing again to-night and there is every in
dication of an ail night storm.
WESTERN STATES FEAR
AN INDIAN UPRISING
Military Preparations to Guard
Against Outbreaks of Reserva
tion Redskins.
DENVER, May 16.— From the tenor
of communications received by Colonel
Sumner during the past few days it ap
pears that the Indians in the depart
ments of the Colorado and the Missouri
which are under his command are dis
playing an unusual restlessness, which
bodes no good for the settlers in the
vicinity of the various reservations.
The danger of an outbreak in Arizona
has become so imminent that Colonel
Sumner has ordered two troops of cav
alry from Fort Huachuea to the Mexi
can boundary line, with orders to move
along that line from Nogales, Ariz., to
the Gulf of California, observing a
strict patrol of the entire border. An
other troop has been ordered from Fort
Grant to Fort...Huachuca to garrison
the latter fort while the troops are in
the field and to be prepared to assist
these troops in case of trouble. One
troop of the Eighth Cavalry recently
was ordered from Fort Meade, S. D.,
to Fort Washakie, Wyo., and there is
a possibility that this force will be side
tracked and sent to Fort Niobrara,
Neb., instead.
Colonel Sumner to-day received a pe
tition for troops for a lar»r<» number of
settlers in the portion of Nebraika ad
joining the Sioux reservation, who bfe
lieve the Sioux are planning a whole
sale massacre of whites.
DEMAND BETTER WAGES.
Two Thousand Wood Workers Go Out
on Strike.
OSHKOSH. Wls., May 16.— About 2000
members of the "Woodworkers' Union to
day refused to work. Several large sash.
door and blind factories are involved and
their operations will be greatly hampered.
Each striker will receive $3 a week from
the National Union and they claim they will
stay out all summer, if necessary
Thomas I. Kldd. secretary of the Na
tional Machine Woodworkers' Union, and
the State Board of Arbitration are here
trying to arrange a compromise. The
strikers demand an increase of 25 per cent
with a minimum wage of $1 25, weekly
pay days, abolition of female labor and
recognition of the union.
Succumbs to Paralysis.
SALINAS, May 16.— 0n January 19 last,
when the thermometer registered 21 de
grees above zero, Louis de Lean, an old
Frenchman living four miles from San
Ardo, started for home in an intoxicated
condition. Nothing was heard of him for
two days, when he was found under a
trestle in the waters of Poncho Rico
Creek, paralyzed and with his back and
sides frozen. He was taken to the French
Hospital in San Francisco, where he re
mained until May 2. On his return he
went to the County Hospital. Yesterday
while he was out walking a second at
tack of paralysis came on, which killed
him. He was about 64 years old and an
old resident here.
Must Hold Another Election.
SALINAS, May 16.— The contest by U.
E. Dunlap to have Charles Harte, elected
Trustee of Pacific Grove by a majority of
1, declared not entitled to the Beat was
decided this morning by Judge Dorn of
the Superior Court against both candi
dates, and a new election was ordered.
The contest was on the ground of numer
ous double marks on ballots, which, if re
jected, would elect Dunlap. The court
rejected some and allowed others, mak
ing a tie vote on the final count. The con
test was very interesting, as the persons
concerned are brothers-in-law.
WATER FIGHT
AROUSES IRE
City Attorney Dunn of
Los Angeles Resents
Insinuations.
Declares Ho Has Done His
Duty in Dealing With
the Monopoly.
Lively Scene In the City Council
Over a Special Committee's
Report.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, May 16.— City Attor
ney William E. Dunn took occasion to
day at a meeting of the City Council
to resent what he termed charges, in
sinuations and innuendos cast upon
him and his official conduct by the
special Council committee on mountain
water supply. Several weeks ago this
committee made a report to the Coun
cil, in which it took occasion to criti
cize the City Attorney and the City
Engineer for failure to obey the in
structions of the Council, charging both
with neglect of duty. City Attorney
Dunn said he had never at any time
failed to do all that was asked of him
by the Committee on Mountain Water
Supply.
Councilman Grider of the committee
in question proceeded forthwith to deny
that the committee in its report had
any desire to cast reflections on Mr.
Dunn. He rather hinted that the City
Engineer was the official the commit
tee thought had been derelict. But
City Engineed Dockweller was not
present.
Councilman Hutchinson said the re
port of the committee was written by
himself and any city official it fitted
could wear it, if he saw fit.
As a matter of fact the report did
pass severe strictures on the City At
torney and the City Engineer for fail
ure to obey the direct instructions of
the Council. The friends of Council
man Grider was chagrined because he
did not defend the report made by the
Mountain Water Committee, in so far
as it rapped officials who had certainly
failed to obey the orders of the Coun
cil.
During his time on the floor of the
Council Mr. Dunn said the City Water
Company was ready to pay its city
taxes, amounting to 511,800, provided
the city would not add the usual pen
alty, which in this case would amount
to $800, for delinquency. The water
company has always. been prepared to
pay city taxes on all of its property
save the franchise. The Assessor first
put a valuation of $600,000 upon it. The
Council reduced that figure to $150,000.
This the company thought too high and
it proceeded to test the matter in court.
The case is now pending. In the mean
time the water company offered to pay
$10,000 city taxes, holding out the tax
on the franchise. The City Tax Cot
lector refused to accept part payment
and the Council approved his act. Tha
company now comes forward and
agrees to pay fall taxes and leave the
franchise matter to be decided by the
courts later. The Council will proba
bly accept the $11,800 and cut off the
$800 penalty. ___________
TERRITORIAL CAPITOL
BUILDING FOR ARIZONA.
Proceeds of a Bond Sale to Be De-
voted to the Erection of
the Structure.
PHOENIX, Ariz., May 16.— The sale of
$100,000 In Territorial bonds, the proceed!
of which are to be devoted to erecting
a Territorial capitol building, was made
to-day to Charles R. Mayer, cashier of
the First National Bank of Columbus.
Ohio, for par and 2H P er cent commission.
It is understood the funds will be availa
ble immediately. The commission hav
ing the building in charge will make pub
lication during the next sixty days for
competitive plans and speculations, the
design being left largely to the taste or
the architect. The ultimate cost of the
building will be about $300,000. It is pro
posed to use Arizona materials in its con
struction, including specimens of agatvzed
wood from Chalcedony Park.
BUSSIA BUYING GOLD.
Secured All of the Yellow Metal Re-
cently From the Cape.
LONDON, May 16.— The St. James Ga
zette in its financial article this after
noon says: Russia to-day is said to have
completed the purchase of the whole of
the recent arrivals of gold from the Cape.
Such a transaction is exceptional, as a
considerable time has elapsed since Rus
sia entered the English market. With a
new buyer in addition to the United
States gold Bhould shortly be higher.
Russia paid 77s 9^3, but if the United
States' demands had not temporarily
ceased it is questionable if the price
would not have been above 77s lOd. It
is thought Russia will buy frequently
hereafter. If so, it will be another in
dication of the political wind.
REUNION OF VETERANS.
Heroes of the Late War Will Camp
at Los Gatos.
SAN JOSE, May 16.— The Central Cali
fornia Veterans' Reunion Association has
completed arrangements for a two weeks'
encampment at Los Gatos, commencing
on June 27 and continuing until July 11.
The association includes the G. A. R. and
its auxiliary societies of Santa Clara,
San Mateo, San Benito, Monterey and
Santa Cruz counties, which represent
several thousand members.
Over 1000 veterans are expected to be
present. The tents will be pitched in
Bunker Hill Park, and the people of Los
Gatos will leave nothing undone to add
to the pleasure of the old soldiers and
their families.
Mrs.' Castro's Will Contested.
SALINAS, May 16.— The contest of the i
will of Mrs. Sacramento Castro, the old- i
est Monterey County native daughter,
who died three weeks ago, was begun in
the Superior Court this afternoon. At the I
time' of her death she was thought to be |
a pauper, but It has since be^n discovered ;
that she owned 160 acres of land near
Gonzales and other property valued at
17000. There are four heirs-at-law, each
of whom claims the entire estate.
Convention of Supervisors.
NAPA. May 18.— The first delegation of
visiting Supervisors to the annual con
vention of county Supervisors, which will
convene in this city to-morrow, arrived
on the evening train. They were escorted
to Odd Fellows' Hall, where a general re
ception was held. Refreshments were
served and addresses of welcome made.
Supervisors from all parts of the State
are expected to attend the convention.
Gives Advice to Students.
SANTA ROSA, May 16.— T0-night Rev.
C. R. Lamar delivered the address before
the Ulatus Society of the Pacific Metho
dist College. The discourse teemed with
food advice, punctuated by clever anec
otes. He urged the students to take a
hopeful view of themselves, and declared
the greatest barrier to success in life
was a pessimistic spirit
FIRST VETO OF
THE EXECUTIVE
Received by the House
and the President Is
Sustained.
Passage of the Resolution Ap
pointing Four Managers of
Soldiers' Home.
In Opposing Colonel Bonsall of Los
Angeles Loud Makes an Attack
on Senator Perkins.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House.
Washington, May 16.
The House to-day received its first
veto from President McKinley, and
voted unanimously to sustain the ex
ecutive. The veto was of a bill con
ferring upon the Court of Claims juris
diction in a private claims case of long
standing. The day was given to con
sideration of billfc under suspension of
the rules, the measures of chief im
portance being one ratifying an agree
ment for the allotment and opening to
settlement of the Comanche, Kiowa and
Apache lands in Oklahoma, and to ea
tablish an assay office at Seattle, Wash.
Under a suspension of the rules Hull of
lowa called up the Senate bill author
izing the President to appoint an assist
ant adjutant-general with the rank of
colonel and another with the rank of
major.
A joint resolution appointing William
J. Sewall of- New Jersey. Marttn T. Mc-
Mahon of New York, John T. Mitchell of
Wisconsin and William H. Bonsall of
California members of the board of man
agers of the National Home for Disabled
Volunteer Soldiers was called up.
Pending the disposal of the measure
Lacey of lowa raised the question of
eligibility of Senators Sewell and Mitchell,
as being contrary to the Federal consti
tution.
Loud of California attacked the action
of the Committee on Military Affairs in
not permitting him a fair opportunity to
be heard upon the selection of the Cali
fornia member of the board. He declared
that Major Bonsall was unknown to the
volunteer soldiers, and at length charged
the naming of Major Bonsall to have oeen
done at the dictation of a Senator from
California (Perkins) "to pay a political
debt," and he (Loud) regretted th<j -de
bauching of the soldiers' home to pay
political obligations."
Replying to these charges, Hull of
lowa, chairman of the committee, denied
them in toto and asserted that the com
mittee had simply followed the rule and
named two Democrats and two Re
publicans. As to Major Bonsall. he had
been urged by a Renublican Senator and
two representatives from California and
by the California Republican State Cen
tral Committee, a "recommendation,
Hull declared, "quite as much entitled to
consideration as that of the gentleman
from California who has Just addressed
the House."
The resolution was passed, 126 to 56.
The Speaker then. laid before the House
a message from the President vetoing a
bill conferring upon the Court of Claims
jurisdiction to re-try the case of the rep
resentatives of Isaac P. Tice against th«
United States, brought in 1873 to recovei
$25,000. the alleged value or certain meters
to measure the quality and strength of
distilled spirits.
Interest attached to the message chiefly
by reason of Its being the first veto mes
sage ever sent by President McKinley to
the House.
The ayes and noes were takefl upon the
passage of the hill over the veto, and the
President was sustained without a dis
senting vote. 183 members voting.
The Senate bill to establish an assay
office at Seattle, Wash., was called up.
C. W. Stone said the purpose of the bill
was to afford a convenient office for the
Klondike gold producers, who will mine
this year, it was estimated, from $12,000,
000 to $20,000,000 of the metal. The bill
carries an appropriation of $20,000 for ex
penses of the office.
Lewis and Jones of Washington spoke
for the hill. Cannon of Illinois opposed
it. insisting that a Government assay
office at Seattle was unnecessary. Can
non, speaking against the establishment
of any more assay offices, declared that
the motive in urging an office at Seattle
was prompted by a desire of the Alaskan
transportation companies, which prac
tically controlled the Klondike output, to
put down gold at Seattle at Philadelphia
mint prices.
"Is It not better for the Government,"
asked Bland, "to establish assay offi
ces and secure gold in that way than to
sell bonds for it?"
"Oh," cried back Cannon, with a wave
of his hand, "the gentleman would throw
the patient into fits. Bonds have no
more to do with this question than the
gentleman has to do with heaven or
sound sense."
The bill was then passed. The House
adjourned at 4:50 p. m.
Death at Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ. May 16.— Zacharlah Shaw
Devoe, a capitalist and prominent citizen,
died to-day, aged 76 years. He was a
native of New York and has resided In
Santa Cruz twenty-one years.
The Death Rate.
While It Is quite true that the proportion of
deaths from malaria as an immediate cause is
proportionately small as cited in annual mortu
ary statistics, yet physicians are thoroughly
convinced that it r -sea maladies of a. fatal
character, and begets dangerous nervous pros
tration. This malady Is eradicated and pre
vented by Hostetter's Stomach Bitters, which
alsoS:ures biliousness, constipation, rheumatism
and dyspepsia.
SURETY_BONDS.
FIDELITY ANIFDEPOSIT CO.
OF MARYLAND.
Home Office, Baltimore, Maryland.
FINANCIALBTATEMENT
January I, 1898.
RESOURCES.
Real estate" ( Fidelity building):..... ;.s 600.000 00
State and municipal b0nd5........".... 1,255,010 00
Street railway, bonds (Baltimore
> " City) '*■.". . ..";T.-.r.'r."vr."v.-Tw.irr.v.":.'. .-. 169, 2i0 00
Railroad and other , b0nd5. ...:........ 186,650 00
Agents' debit balances, less commis-
s ions .............:............:......: 95,116 34
Premiums- In course of : collection •
(home office):...... ..... 6.020 43
Cash in of flee • and banks. 188. 557 56
' $2,500,524 33
. LIABILITIES.
Capital stock (paid in).... 51,000,000 00, '
5urp1u5:"....".....:.:.'...."..'. 1,000,000 00 '
Premium reserve .":..."" 435,089 69 .';•
Claims in .: process of -
adjustment ....:. 7,829 78
Claims reported/ but proof
not f11ed;r:.......T........ 20.507 71
Undivided profits :..;...... 37,097 15
■ • ••. • . ■ - — r . $2,500,524 33
EDWIN; WARFIELD. President. I
HERMAN E. BOSLER.
Secretary and Treasurer. '
FRANK I— GILBERT,
; . -General Agent Pacific, Coast, ;■
204-208 Sansome St., San Francisco.
Wri&tt's ; Indian VmstaUe Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
j have I used I them « for over forty - years to T « cur*
6ICK HEADACHE. GIDDINESS.- CONSTIPA-
TION, Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach. Pimples
■ and : purify the blood. -' i' .-■.■ < :?
Grossman's Sped Mixture
'fl With i this i remedy persons % can : cure % them*
- selves without " the > least -- exposure, chance of
' diet i or , change in • application to ■ business, v- Th«
■ medicine \ contains . nothing; ; of » the , least ■ Injury
to the constitution. Ask your druggist for It.
, Pri-:e, $1 a bottle. ;'■;::■' r-- f -■■•;.''•■■•,-:;",
;^ ADVERTISEMENTS.
(UNDER THE MANAGEMENT OF H. LIEBES & CO.), ' . .
35 Years in the. Alaska Trade.
— __
THE ELEGANT STEEL STEAMSHIP
T A TST A"W.
Al 100 Lloyds. Capacity, 500 Passengers; 3000 Tons.
First Sailing = = JUNE sth.
■^i. DIRECT TO
DAWSON CITY
And ALL POINTS on Yukon River, Connecting at ST.. MICHAEL
With Our. Fleet of • New River Boats. Now in Alaska.
Through €S^^^Zf\ OO First-Class .
Tickets, SP-^S?-Vf •;-— Only.
150 LBS. BAGGAGE FREE— NO LIMIT TO EXCESS.
lowest Rates to Any Point on Route. Freight for Dawson City, 10c a Pound.
r t ; a -' Special Rates for Other Points on the River.
MERCHANDISE ORDERS. letters OP credit.
N6 Fee Charged to Passengers.
■'■ S3- Vessels now leading^ for ST. MICHAEL, Boats, Machinery and
Freight taken at the Lowest Rates. Owning our own Warehouses, Wharf.
. Lighters and Towboats. "- / .
GENERAL PASSENGER AND FREIGHT OFFICES,
139 POST ST., S. F. . LIEBES BUILDING.
■■'. ADVERTISEMENTS.
SUPPLIES ]
■; "' KLONDIKE
I should Include C ".:
'; BORDEN'S X
Peerless Brand
; EVAPORATED CREAM
-,»'.; UNSWEETENED (|( |
' 1 ' : . The high reputation for keeping .1
*;,l .. .'." qulity is already well estab- >
..)/, lished ; hence,- no experiment. C
} NEW YORK CONDENSED MILK CO. >
SPECIAL NOTICE !
THE TAVERN CRAG
Will Be Open for the Reception of Guests
JUNE FIRST.
Owing to the favorable weather conditions in
the Shasta region and at the request of many
patrons The Tavern of Castle Cras will be
Opened for. the reception of guests Wednesday,
June .I,' two weeks earlier than usual. :
The resasonablecharges and the superior man-
agement ' which ■ have characterized this well-
known resort will be continued. ..
-Applicants for accommodations prior to June
1 should address Mr. George Schonewald. Man-
ager, room 59, Union Trust building, San Fran-
cisco After above date they should address
him at Castle Crag, Shasta County, Cal.
q vi.it DR. JORDAN'S o«at
Jm Museum of Anatomy
fpltel 1051 1U2EET ST. b«t. 6ti Is 7th, S. F. SaL
BX» W Tbe r K«* tof Jukin<llllU " Trorld '
lJwifA DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
ltf\Jwjl^- ■'■ ■ CoDtalUtten free. Write for Book .
HI |^PhlloVophy^f V Marriage.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SAN FRANCISCO and NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tltana Parry. F«#t «C Market St.
■ b^.\ A'KA-N CISCO, TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O. 9 :CO. 11:00 a. m.; 1J:85,
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at I:6*
and 11:30 p. m. '."-- -.. •: ■•
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:*. 3:30,
6:00. 6:20 p. m. ■ ■
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 11:45.
i 3:40, 6:10 p. :m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
• 1:65 p. m. and, 6:35 p. m. . • ■ ■--•.-,
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 8:1».
- 6:00. 6:25 p. in.  •-<-.. ;-■ - .-.•,..-■
Between San Francisco - and BchuetMn Park
same schedule as above. -
' Leave I " Arrive .
San Francisca ' In effect San Francisco.
■ : ■;: April 23. : :
Week I Sun- IS9S. ■ , Sun- I Week
Days. I days. Destination. days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am . Xovato. . 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:27 pm
-•- '" ~ •- " * Fulton. " '. ~~ "~- -,""<
7:30 am  . Windsor, • 10:25 am
• - - Heuldsbur*.
Lytton, . - .
- Geyservllle. ,. . '
8:30 pm 8:00 am _ Cloverdale. f 7:35 pm 8:21 pm
\ 7:30 ami I Hopland and] 110:25 am
3:30 pm|B:oo_am| Uklah. [ 7:35 pm 6:23 pm:
7:30 am ""^ ..„»■- ■■ 10:25 ana
S:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
!:SC pm . I ' | «:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 ami - Sonoma • 110:40 am 8:40 am
, | ■•■'• ■|■ -■ and ' ■ . -..-■ v-.: *. .-■.,.. ■■■ :
6:10 pm|S:oo pmV Glen. Ellen.- f 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 ami Sebastopol. . 110:40 am;iO:2s am
3:30 pm 5:00 pm|' ;- ; •-. , I 7:35 pm| 6:22 pin
j Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
Berville for ■ Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale I for
the Geysers; at Hopland. for Duncan Springs.'
Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle, ■ New Carlsbad
I Springs. . Soda Bay. ; Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake Upper
Lake. Porno. Potter Valley. John Day's. River-
fide, Lterley's," Bucknell'e, > Sanhedrtn ■ Heights '
Hullvllle. t BooneVJlle. Crr's • Hot f Springs, Men-
doclno , City. Fort Bragg, -- Westport, Usai.
. Saturday ;to ■ Monday, round-trip • ticket* at
reduced, rates. w . '.- - ;•
On Sunday? round-trip = tickets to all - point*
beyond San Rafael at half ; rates. r •"
Ticket Of flees, 650 Market sti. ' Chrontel* bide I
A^W.t FOSTER. ; . ;,. . . R. X . RYAN. j
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agent.
■ • ■.-■■- ■ ..:' ,v "* :--•■. ■...-■ -.-...
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIB
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
'•' From September 10, 1597, , trains wKI run as
follows: , \ ~ ... «■
.South-bound. : . , ; North-bovndL
'Passen- Mixed •„ " Mixed: Passe a-
•ger, Sunday Eta-- Sunday ger '
'- Dally. Excep'd. ; tions.;: ' Excep'd. ': Dally. ;' ; .
7:20 am 9:00 am Stockton 3:45 pm 5:40 Dm
•9:10 am 12:50 pm %? Merced 12:50 pra 3-53 pm
10:40 am 3:50 pm ' Fresno :'. 9:30 am 2:20 pm
11:40 am 6:20 pm Hanford 9:45 am 1:15 pra
12:15 6:45 pm Vlsalla 6:40 am 12:40 pm;
v - Stopping }at >. Intermediate points •- when . • r«-
1 red. fab^Hßnanpaott4nfe«HMHM4B>ann'
r- Connections— \ Stockton'' with steamboats of ■
C. N. &. L Co., ■ leaving * San i Francisco and
: Stockton /at 6-- p. m. - daily; »■ at ? Merced s with
! stages to and . from I Snellings, Coulterviile, Yo- :
' semlte. etc. ;± also > with ' stage for Homitos,
Marlpoea. etc.: ,at t Lankershim * with } stage • to :
, and front Madera.
BAILROAD TRAVEL. y)
KOL'TIIKK* I'ACIHI! COMrAMIt.I
(PACirio'HV.ITEH.) s ' "
rr»lii* iei»Tw nuil »re tine lo arrlie at
NAN FKAIM!Wi:O,
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
LBAV — Fbo"m April 28. IS3B. — AKRITf
»6jOOa Nile*. San Jose and Way Stations... . ** i^;*A
7:*>Oa Benicia, Buisun and Sacramento. . . . 10:43 a
7:O«a Maryavtlle, OroTilleaud KedUing Tia l'/^ Mm
Woodland 1? ?
7:OOa Vacaville and Kumsey. • J»:43p
7:80 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Nai>a, '••■ --_-:■:
• Calistoea and Santa Rosa Otlßp
' 8:OOa Atlantic Kxpress, Og.leii and Kast.. ' B:4!Jp
•i.I»A Kiln, San .lone. .Stockton, lone, v
■■■ - - Sacramento. • ■■ M«rys»\lle, Chlco,. • •
Tehsiuaandi:.-.! I Huff 4»13p
•8:3Oa FetPrs, .Milton, OakiUM Jamestown
for YosemiU!) *7«13p
0:OOa New Orleaus l.ipress. iMerced, l'res-
■iii, JJakerslleM, Bmita ll»rli»ra,
Los AnueleM. Deuiiiig, Xl Paso,
New Orleans and Kiist 6«43p
1O:OOa Vallejo. Martinez and Way Station* 7:43p
•l:OOp Sacramento Ki»er fSteitmers.. -U:OOp
1jO«p NUes, San Jose and Way Stations. . »9:45 a
....... San Jose, NUes an.l Way Stations... : J1»:I3a
8:0«p LiTermore, Mendoto, Hanford and
Vwalia 4:15p
LlTernmre, San Jose. Niles and Way
Stations JIO:1.1a
Fresno, Merced, Martinez, Vallfjo.. ia:l»P
«:OUr Martinez, Han lUinon, Vullejo.
Nairn, «Jalistut,'a, Xl Vtru.no and
Santa »iI »A
4iO*p Benicia. VacaTllle, Woodland,
' Knights Landing. Marysville, Oro-
»llle and Hacritmento ':.' IA:4Ba
4:30p Niles, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton '.. 7: 1 3 r
4:8 Op Stockton, Oakdale, Merced. l*il3p
4s3«p Castle and Lodl I*: ISP
' . 4:3Vp L&tim.p, Modesto, Merced, liertnda
(Raymond for Yosemite), Fresno,
McJAve, Santa itarbara aud l.<>»
. Angelwi .7i43a
4i!top Santa l*«i Jloute. Atlantic Kinesis
for Moja»e anil Kast 6:43?
6:o t»p Knri>i>eau Mail. OgJen and KM* 9:45*
••tOOrValleJo. 1 2: 1 5
6:<HM- lliiyu-ni'ilN. Nllt-HHiKI Han .lose 7i43a
:7:OOp Vailejo, Port Costa and Way 5ta-
ti0n5.......... : JB:43p
Si«lOp Orcxoii Kx|>rr.is,HacrHiiieut<i, Mary*. ,
- villo. Ke.l.liiiK. l'oitiaii'.l, i'ligt-t
Sniiml ami I'JMt 8:13 a
' SA> LEAMIKO AMI lUV\YAKI>> l.Ul'Ali.
- (Foot of Market Street.)
' .-• •. .-..■ .... • -.-. . ', ( 7:Ra
; . 8:OOa Jlelrosr, Seminary P«rk, . •*•»*•*
lH2t Fltclibunf, Klml...mt, W^li
iil:<>oA Hun lieamlro, South San l -•:••! i-
fl2:OOM ,. M , lllro , Kslu,lillo, \k\V v
iitVdnp ;■ Lorenzo, Cherry < •****»
' 4:OOP , »3:43p
5:«I»P • ■"'« 0:l3p
».:mip Hajnards. 7»«»f
7««Op ~ ... *:4-">P
»s«Op i Runs through to Nile*. ta'inl
" COAST DIVISION (.Narrow (Jauife).
(Foot of Market Street.)
■ 17:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion, Sauta Cru«
and Principal Way Statioua ....... * J8:OBf
8:13 a Newark. Cen terville. San Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations..... »is»#
. *2:13r Newark, Centcrrllle," San Jose, New
. Almaden. Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa . Cruz and l'riucipa] Way
Stations;;..'.'.'. ......:...... •!•:.■»«%
4:1 3 San Jose, Glenwood & Way Stations 9:29 a
a4:l3p Boulder Creek and Hatta Cruz ■; JVi»i»A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rromSlH JTRkSCISCO — Foot of Market Street (Slip 8) —
•7:15 0:(,0 UtOCUJf. 11:00 - •2:00 $3:00
•4:03. t5:00 '*6:Cop.m.
rr*m OUHSD— root of Broad wit.— '6:oo 8:00 10:00 A.M.
tl3:00 .; :«l:00 »:Q0 *3:00 tl:OQ: *3:03r.U.
COAST DIVISION (Itroail (i»uge). ',
:. (Third and Towusoml St«.) - '
•7:00 a Ban Jose »n.l Way Stations (Stw
Almaden Wedueadays only) li3or
{7:30 a Sunday Excursion ' for San Jose,
Santa. Cruz, Pacific GroTe and
Principal Way Stations 18:83*
9:00 a Nan .lose. Tien rinor.. Santa Crux,
• '. l'acille-Urofe,- raso-UubWi, Sim .
Luis <>i.i«i"i, Guadalui>e. Surf and
. I'rh.cipiil Wny stations. 4ilof
IW:4Oa San .lose and Way 5tati0n5. ........ «H:OOa
ll:ai»* San Jose and Way .Stations....... *8:33 a
. *3t:43i-San Mateo, liedwood, Palo Alto,
Santa Clara, Han - Jose, Gilroy,'
Hollistcr. Santa Cm/. Salinas.
Monterey and I'itclllo (Jrove MO.-3.1a
■MS v San ,lcm and Way Htstl ions •»:»«a
- •* : 1 3 c San Jose and Principal Way Statious 9 :43 4
*3:OOp Ban .roue, and Principal Way Sutious 0:33 a
s:»<>i- Han Jose ami Principal Way Stations 3:3»p
San Joae and Way Stations. ..;-..... . 7:3Vp
tll:4si> San Jose and Way 5tati0n5......... 7;itop
A for Morning.' • ~~~' I* fur Afternoon. .
* .Suu'lum «xc<ji>t { Sundays ouly 1 SutnrdAys only
ft Monday, Thursday and Saturday night* only.
i Kuntlnvß and Monday*. ft Sn'i>r.l>>T» and Sundays.
iraagß«S^ CALIFORNIA
BraSf^S • SAN FR X NCISca
iMj^sLAfc^l CHICAGO:
THE ONLY LIMITED TRAIN
FROM CALIFORNIA BY
ANY LINE,
Leave Ean Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
Carries firet-class passengers only, but with-
out extra charge.
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Drawing Room Sleepers, Z;i
! cays to Chlcaso, 44 days to New York.
; -1 rains arrive and depart from Market-street
Ferry. San Francisco ticket office. 644 Market
street. Chronicle building. Telephone Main 1520.
Oakland ;< office. ins : Broad way. Sacramento
■ office. 201 J : street. San . Jose, 7 West Santa
Clara, street. , . ' -; , ■ -^
V PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Saosalito Perry.
From San Francisco,- commencing Hay I. 1593.
'■■ W. EX: DAYS.
For Mill Valley and San liafael— 7:oo. •8:00.
•5:30, - ; 11:00 a. m.;.n:45. 3:20, 4:00, 6:15, *6:00.
C:3O p. m. ;. .■•-■■•-. . . .
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays.,
Wednesdays.- Saturdays and Sundays at 11:3J
p. m. • ■-:■-• ■'■■.■!■-■ : ■
. " , -"-, . SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— *SM. . •3:o«.
! *10:00. 11:00. 11:30 a. m. 1:00. '1:45, '2:30. »4:00.
I 6:30. 6:45 p..m. ' •■:•■■ T
? 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael.
- 6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Valley.
-: Trains marked-'* run -to* San Quentin.
_ _ THROUGH TRAINS. '.  - . .
I 7:00 a. m. week; days— Cazadero and. way sta'ns.
1:20 p. m. — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
I 6:15 p. m. week j. days (Sat. ex.)— Tomales and
■ way stations. - \ ,- ■> • ■
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way stations.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and sta's.
■ MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
': - (Via -Sausallto Ferry.)
- Leave - San - Francisco, commencing May X,
i 1698: -:. ■ ■ ■ -■.-■■ ■ ■•-<-■ ' •■-•-..-/
* Week Days— 9:3o a. m.. 1:43 and 5:15 p. m.'
■ Sundays— 8 9:00,-. 10:00, . 11:10 a. ■ — ... 1:15 and
i 2:30 p. m. ■- .' ; -■ -. . .
l-= Round trip from Mill Vall«y, $1.
THO9. COOK : A j SON. Agents, 631 Market
1 street, San; Francisco. ' : : ■*:-, .'DATE SULLIVAN
DEFEATS KELLY
Given the Decision at the
End of Twenty
Rounds.
Pretty Contest Except for Some
Fouling Toward the
Close.
■
All Bets Declared Off Because the
Irish Lad Was Six Pounds
Over Weight.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
NEW YORK, May 16.— Dave Sullivan,
the little Irish pugilist, met Sammy
Kelly of this city to-night at the Len
nox Athletic Club, and after fighting
twenty rounds was declared winner by
Referee Jimmy Dime of Amsterdam,
2n t . T. The boys were ma,tched some
time ago to fight at 118 pounds, but to
night Sullivan was six pounds over
■weight and had to pay a forfeit of
$250.
Sullivan was the favorite in the bet- j
ting at 100 to 90, but owing to the dif- !
ference In the weights of the contest- j
ante, the announcement was made that j
all bets were off before the boys began ■
to fight.
It was a pretty contest all through
and if it had not been for Kelly's tactics |
In the latter part of the bout, when he j
frequently grabbed Sullivan's arm, the |
referee's decision might have been a I
draw.
Neither contestant was floored dur- I
Ing the twenty rounds. Kelly drew first !
blood in the twelfth round, when he
landed a hard left on SuiHvan's nose, j
Kelly was the aggressor up to the
eighteenth round, but in the closing j
rounds Sullivan led the fighting. Both
men were repeatedly cautioned during j
the contest for striking low and in i
clinches.
PITCHER YOUNG EASY
GAME FOR THE ORPHANS.
Chicago's Baseball Jugglers Knock a
Few Points From Cleveland's
Percentage.
NATIONAL LEAGUE! PTANDINQ.
dubs— W. L. Pet. I Clubs— W. L. Pet.
nati ..17 4 .809 Brooklyn ... 9 9 .cno
Cleveland ..11 1 .6:<6 i Pittsburgh ...11 12 .4.S
■: 14 9 .60-J K'hicago 10 9 .526
N-w Y0rk. ..11 8 .579 1 St LouU.-.. S 14 .253
Haltlroore . 9 7 .962 LonlsvUle ..6 10 .SM
riiiM'lphia . 9 S .."2. 4 Washington . 4 15 .210
CHICAGO, May 16.— The Chicagos
found Young just to their liking to-day
and hit him hard from start to finish.
Both teams played very ragged ball In
the field. Attendance 1200. Score:
Chicago 5 a. *{
Chicago 12 19 8
Cleveland 4 8 8
Batteries— Kilroy and Donahue; Young and
Crlgrer. Umpire — McDonald.
NEW YORK. May Washington-
New York game postponed; rain.
BOSTON. May 16.— Boston-Brooklyn
game postponed; rain.
PHILADELPHIA, May 16.— Baltimore-
Philadelphia game postponed; rain.
PITTSBURG, Pa., May 16.— Pittsburg- j
St. Louis game postponed; rain.
ONE WINNING FAVORITE.
Belle Ward Saves the St. Louis Tal-
ent From a Shut-Out.
ST. L«'»riS, May It— Belle Ward was
the only winning favorite at the Fair
Grounds to-day. Weather clear; track
h( avy.
Four furlongs, for maiden 2-year-olds—
Lee Bruno won. Flying Bird second,
Dandy H third. Time, :03^4.
One mile and twenty yards— Helen H.
Gardner won, Joe Shelby second, C. S.
Bush third. Time, I:*' I*.1 *.
Four furlongs, for maiden 2-year-olds —
O'Connor won. By George second, Cam
boyune third. Time^ :53.
One mile celling— Tole Simmons won,
Jane second. Lady of '.ne West third.
Time, I:4OVi-
Five and one-half furlongs, selling— St.
Rogue won, Dulac second, Denial third.
Time. 1:13*1.
Seven and one-half furlongs— Bolle Ward
won, Protus second, Kiss Me third. Time,
I.' tI'ISVILLE. May 16.— Results at
Churchill Downs:
Four furlongs, selling— Grievance won,
Lost Time second, Flavius third. Time,
:.'.<>■••,.
One and one-eighth miles— Paul Kauvar
won, Joe Clark second. The Planter third.
Time. 1 :59V2-
One mile, free handicap — Isabey won,
Boanerges second, Gid Law third. Time,
1:42^.
Four and one-half furlongs, Wenonona
Btakea, $1300— Heliobas won. The Barrister
second. Manuel third. Time, iSGVi.
Six furlongs, selling— Teucer won, Miss
C second, Frank Wagner third. Time,
Six furlongs, selling— Amateur won, Pur
ity second, Suydam third. Time, I:l6V£.
"SWIFTWATER BILL"
NOT YET A CORPSE.
With a Denial of the Report of His
Death Comes News of a River
Disaster.
SEATTLE, May IG.-J. G. Wilson i
reached here to-day from the Klondike '
country, having left there on April 17. He !
came from Skaguay to Victoria on the !
steamer Amur. ',
Wilson says the Jast boat that went I
down Thirty-Mile River was wrecked j
and all the passengers lost. The names
of the passengers were unknown, and the I
only thing that had been discovered that j
may lead to the Identity of the missing '
was a chest of carpenters' tools. In the i
ihe-.st were found a novelty woodworker, j
a black vest, a key-winding Waltharn
watch and a key rr.ade out of a German
coin. The chest was marked "Biack Dla
: C."
Wilson says that the report that "Swift
water I;:;:" Gates was drowned was not
true, a.« he talked to him three days after j
the report of the alleged drowning was
brought down to Dyea. "Swiftwater Bill"
then had two women in his party, and
they were near the police station at the I
Coot "f I.ak.- Tatfish. Wilson is unaoie j
to say how the report of the drowning of I
Gates originated, as he was the last man j
to see hiiii. and the entire party "was then i
all right and had not experienced any
dangers.
♦
DATES FIXED FOR THE
: : XT STATE FAIR.
Changes Mnci ;i the Premium List
and the J iiion Admission
y educed.
BACRAMEX May 16.— The State
Board of Agii< .•■ met to-day to con
sider reports of otnmittees. The report
of the premium list .•ommlttee was the
most important, inasmuch as it contained
a revision of the entire premium list for
1898. making such changes ,-ls wore deemed
advisable. The principal change Is to have
expert single judges In all classes where
practical. Ihe secretary is directed to
correspond with several exports for the
various classes of livestock.
The dates of the fair were fixed from
September 5 to 17, inclusive. The admis
sion fee at the pavilion was reduced to
25 cents. This change was made at the
earnest solicitation of exhibitors and
considering the condition of the times!
the board deemed it prudent to make it'
The admission to the park will be 60
cents, as heretofore.
MUD LARKS IN
THEIR ELEMENT
Caspar Downed Rey del
Tierra and Bernadillo
Galloping.
Sport McAllister at Odds of 13
to 1 Beat Some Fast
Ones.
Also Ran Was Heavily Played and
Won Easily— Rapido Annexed a.
Purse Without Effort.
Muddy going has been responsible for
many a "cherry ripe" one that was put
over'the plate at lone odds, but although
the track at Oakland yesterday was in a
very juicy condition, the heavily played
horses in the betting more than held their j
own. Sport McAllister, at odds of 15 to
1 was the only rank outsider to get home
In front, and he was but lightly supported.
Two favorites and three well played sec
ond choices in' the betting splashed In
first in the other events.
The attendance was large, many specu
lators on the wrong side of the fence
a^ain donning the harness in an effort
to even matters up before the meeting
draws ie a close.
There appeared to be big doings about
Stemor in the opening six furlong sprint,
and he was srnt to the post a mild 3 to
1 favorite. McDonald, who had tho
mount came on from fourth position in
the stretch, and at the wire won cleverly
from Adam Andrew, a 10 to 1 shot, backed
down to 5 at post time. Zaraida an
other outsider, with Thorpe up, finished
in the show.
The four and a half furlong scramble
for 2-year-olds, developed a good thing
In Nolan & Tholl's colt Also Ran. The
youngster was played down from 5 to 2
to S to 5. and always in front, led Lnler
past the wire galloping. MoNichols on
the 7 to 5 favorite got badly mixed up
soon after the start and was never prom
im-nt.
With Candelaria scratched from the
mile selling run, it proved an excellent
betting proposition. Thorpe's mount.
Navy Blue, had first call in the betting,
but was outfooted from the start. Rapido,
the second choice, played from 3 to 2 to
even, overtook Senator Morrill in the run
home and won with pounds to spare. The
Senator downed the favorite eight lengths
for the place. !
The talent fell heavily over the result
of the six furlong sprint, fourth on the 1
card. San Mateo was an overwhelming
choice, but developed a streak of yello^r j
when he could not shake oft his company, j
and was unplaced at the end. Sport Mc-
Allister, with Rufus Narvaez in the sad
dle, took first position in the stretch,
hading Peixotto out by a length. Tiny |
P, a 30 to 1 shot, nosed Colonel Dan out
for the show.
Dan Honig's Caspar made a runaway
race of the mile and a sixteenth selling
run, winning eased to a gallop. Ber
nardillo. the favorite, was beaten a nose
for the place by Rev del Tierra. The win
ner was as good as 3 to 1 in the bet-
The concluding seven furlong, decided
under selling conditions, went to the 9 to
10 favorite, Zamar. which led from start
to finish. In a drive Dolore took the place
from the poorly ridden Polish.
TRACK MOTES.
The well known penciler, Billy Beverly, de
parts for Chicago to-day. He breaks about
even on the winter's booking.
Maxey Blumenthal thought Caspar was
"moral" and held Honlg's horse out In his
book. He beat the race out of. $1600.
George Bayless, the well known trainer, who
died suddenly in Oakland on Sunday, first
came to this roast with the great horse, True
Blue. The deceased horseman was one of the
most rapable trainers in this country, h,ut
continued ill health had kept him in the back
ground lor the past two or three years.
Early next week Trainer Billy Short will
leave for Denver with the crack sprinters, Ru
bicon, RoiUiwanncr, R. Q. Ban. Kaiser Lud
vrlg, Midas and a couple of others. The big
meeting which commences in that city on
June 2 will attract a large number of. horse
men from this part of the country-
Red Bird was not eligible to start In the
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB -Oakland Track-167th day of th*
Winter Meeting. Monday. May 16. 1898. Weather cloudy. Track
muddy.
J/"|£»Q FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $300.
%m.
995 Stentor, 4 108 6
fi2B Adam Andrew, 4.. 112 8
1032 Zaralcla. 4 107 .".
1037 The Dragon, 5 114 2
M 3 Salisbury, 5 114! 3
1060 Celoso. 4 107! 1
928 Tenacity, 5 11l 10
1040 Talbot ci if ton, a.. 11 3 4
KG Don Gara, C 1141 7
in.-.;, Mahogany, a 113! 9
1013 Barnato. 4 112 12
1038 Miss Ruth, fi 109(11
1026 Captain Vose. 4....109113
i
]i
1
i:
4
4
2
h
h
1
•>
n
h
1
3
2
5 1
8 4
1 14
6 4
2 4
4 h
9 1
7 h
8 4
10 1
11
12
13
1 14
2 1
3 h
4 h
5 h
6 4
72
8 1
9 2
10
11
12
13
McDonald ...
Clawson
Thorpe
PlgKott
Narvaez
Frawley
C. Wilson....
IPaget
3
6
8
4
4
12
20
10
20
20
30
15
100
3
5
10
5
5
10
30
. 10
30
30
60
20
100
Stufflet
Golden
Tubervllle ...
Ruiz
,7
iDanehy
Time. 1:19%.
three driving.
Winner, H. L. Jones' b. g. by Leonatua-Cadma. Good start. Won first
jrinq SECOND RACE— Four and a half furlongs; selling; two-year-olds; purse. $300.
1039 Also Ran II 93(3 12 ... 13 Uai
1052 T'hler 8815 2 3 ... 2 4 Kile
1020 Polka 9014 3h ... 3ns X\ or
972 Chilcoot Pass 85 2 6 4 ••• *4 Ha
1033 Slml ssi 6 44 ... 52 Ruh
1048 Rey Hooker 96! 8 6 4 ••• 6 5 MeN
711 Purniah 90il0 7 2 ... 7 2 Beni
1039 Rainier 100! 1 ... ... 8 3 ... Bd Hni'
1028 Cheated 9019 9 2 ... 94 K*ari
U39 Buck Taylor 931 7 10 10 |McC
Time, :574. Winner, Nolan & Tholl's b. c. by Panlque-Waltlng 11.
easing up. Second and third driving.
!!!
...
...
1 2
2 3
3 h
6 4
4 4
5 4
7 2
8 3
9 2
10
1 3
2 4
3 ns
4 4
6 2
6 5
7 2
8 2
? 4
10
Clawson
Klley
I Woods
Hal Brown...
Ruiz
wson [ 9-5 8-5
ey 10 12
ods 6 10
I Brown... 30 100
,z 10 15
Nichols ... 2 7-5
ton 15 30
wley 6 15
rlgan 30 60
"arthy .. . . 30 100
Good start. Won
McNichols ...
Beaton
Frawley
Oarrlgan
McCarthy ....
1064. THIRD
Index. Horses.
and upward; purse, $300.
1061 Rapido. a ..........lOsi 4
1038 Senator Morrlll. a.. 11l I 1
1049 Navy Blue. 6 ..lOC 2
1065 St. Distaff. 4 1041 8
1029 Frank James. 4.... 104111
1038 Fandow 111, 4.. ....102 5
1009 Rebekah. 4 971 7
$89 Mlrambo. 5 109 10
10.V) Bobbins. 4 ......... 99 6
1032 Spry Lark. 6 101 ! 9
1027 Dennis. 5 103; 3
5 1%
1 1
3 4
9 2
10 5
4 h
7 4
9 4
11
2 2%
8 2
4 1
■-■■:1 l'-i
3 %
5 h
7 h
•■ 2
ft 8
8 %
10 2
2 34
11
2 4
i 14
3 4
4 2
;?
9 3
8 %
10 3
C%
11
1 V:
2 8
3 3
4 6
5 V,
6 1i
7 2
8 10
9 1
10 15
11
IIZ
iborvllle ...
torpo
alnright ...
•Nichols ...
: Donald ...
3
6
3-2
' 20
15
20
30
15
20
30
40
2
10
8-5
15
30
40
60
20
30
40
40
Hey..
ufflot
.rrlgan
r an
Powell
Time. I:4R. Winner. R. F. Capps' eh. g. by Cyclone-Nyanza.
Spcond and third driving.
Good start.
Won easily.
lOft^ FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling:
; purse, $350.
1044 Sport McAllister. 6.1091 1 ... 2 h 14 ••• 11 iNnrvnei 5 15
ion Pelxotto. 5 11114 ... 4 4 R2 ... 2 2 Tubervllle ... 5 12
10M Tiny P. 3 9fil 6 ... fll 4 1 ... 3ns McNlehols ...j 20 30
1058 Colonel l~>an. 3 95] 3 ... Ins fi 3 ... 4ns J. Woods j 5 4
m» Pan Mateo. 4 110' 5 ... ah 34 ... 51 Piggott |8-5 6-5
cionn Lady Ashley, 3 &0| 7 ... 5 4 2h ... 6 1 Clawson 3 4
IOM Chappie. 4 104' 2 ... 7 7 ... 7 IMcDonald ... 5 10
1027 R. Q. Ban. 6 109! 8 ... * jStufflet g 30
•Pulled up.
Time, 1:18. Winner. A. Smith's eh. h. by Imp. Friar Tuck-Twilight. Bad start. Won
handily. Second and third driving.
irvnejs " .„..
bervtile ...
■Nichols ...
Woods ....
7gott ' ......!
iwson . .v. .
,rir..-nU ■ I
■Ponald ...
ifflet
jAOfl FIFTH RACE— and a sixteenth miles; selling:
. 11IOO* purse. $400.
.'"'index.-. Horses. Weight, JSt. Std. Km. : Mm. %m. Str. ~i
'044 Caspar. 4 ....... ...:ior,l l in 124 114 13 14
d 04.-.) Rey,l>l Tlerra. 4..10 >!4 314 3 6 312 ■3 10 315
UC42) Bernardino, 4 102.' 3 24 2h 24 22 22
ion Olive. 6 ............104 2 45 44 5 5 44 '
m Sonlro. 4 .......... ,.102| 5 0 5 4 n 4 1 5
four-year-olds and
Fin. Jockeys.
1 4 iThorpe
2ns IMcDonald ...
3 20 jClav.-Pon
4 10 R. Narva,ez ..
B IWalnrlght ..
>044 Caspar, 4 105' 1 lh 124 114 1 3 11 14 Thorpe ...
HOC) Rey.Pol Tlerra, 4..J0R < 314 3 6 312 310 315 2ns IMcDonald
riO42) Bernardillo, 4 10213 2 4 2h 2 4 22 22 320 iClav.-Pon .
imi Olive. 6 10412 4 5 4 4 5 5 4 4 410 R. Narva.c
928 Sonlro, 4 jiiuii: 102 ' J & 5 4 n 4 1 5 5 {Wai n rlgh t
3 11-5
... 4 3
1 6-5
m ..) v 20
t ...I 50 100
Time. 1:524. Winner. D. A. Honig's b. h. by Imp. St. Andrew-Cuisine.
Won easily. Second and third driving.;  ■ , ... ...'
| f\ft'7 SIXTH . RACE— Seven furlongs: selling: four-year-olds and upward;
Index. Horses. Weight. ISt. . %m. %m. %m. > Str. Fin. I Jockeys
Good start.
; purse, $350.
*■ lOp. Cl.
I; purse, $350.
%m. &
1040 Zamar 11, 4 II
1C27) Dolore, 4 II
1044) Polish. 4 1!
1042 lost Girl. 4 1<
1047 Lady Hurst, 4 1<
1027 O'Fleta, 6 13
1023 Widow Jones, 4 — 1(
1061 Tom Bmith. 4......H
2
1
5
7
8
6
3
4
2 2
1 h
3 h
8
5 2
6 4
4 h
7 1
gl 24
• 2 1
3 4
8
7 3
■ * 24
B 4
6 4
4
jlli ...
\f :::
1 S
2 4
8 4
4 8
6 6
6 I
74
8
c.
on
ey
ma
4-5 9-10
6 9-2
oro r o
' Ai. O-S
10 : 20
15 ; 16
.-*; 12
10... 60
■■ 20 40
tt
is
1
Time. l:31H- Winner, D. A. Honig^a b. g. by St. Carlo-Imp. Royal Beau. Good start
Won easily. Second and third driving.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, TUESDAY, MAY 17, 1898.
race on May IS, " In which he finished second,
and has been disqualified by the Judges. This
decision elves second . money ■to Wenoma and
third to CelofO.
Orrin ; Hlckok, of light • harness ; fame, leaves
for the East to-day. The veteran driver was
a familiar figure on the local- tracks ; during
the past season. -. ; .
M. H. McManus, who formerly held the reins
over trotters and pacers In this State, lately
resigned his petition at the PatchenWilkes
farm In Kentucky and has gone to New Tor*..
James Dustln, who handled the Palo Alto
horses two years ago. is at present in Winslow,
Me. The noted i relnsman writes a friend In
this city that he will visit California next fall,
having entirely regained his health.
McNlchols distinguished himself yesterday by
a polka dot ride on the back of the 7 to 5 fa
vorite. Rev Hooker, and later by nearly put
ting Woods, on Colonel Dan, over the fence
while riding Tiny P. ,
*
TO-DAY'S ENTRIES.
Fln>t Race— Four and a half furlongs: two
year-olds: selling.
1057 Loyal le 95 1015 Santa Flora .. 98
102S Sir TTrian 95 I»2S La Parasseuse.lOO
102S Obsidian 106 436 Casdale 98
Second Rare — Three-quarters; throe-year-olds.
94? Muxoulado 109 I 10M Rebel Jack ....10.1
1030 Towanda 100 10r,6 Master Marlnerlo2
1051 Miss Dividend. 100 1051 Oahu 107
1045 Saucy Eyes....lflT (1049)Snscol 109
1051 Satlcoy 112 | 1056 Castake 109
1019 lie Los Reys..lO2| 1051 Outlay 105
Third Race — Five furlonps: two-year-olds.
1034 Distance 1031 (Kir.TjHumldlty 105
1048 Leo Vertner ...105| 915 Panamlnt 108
(l(HS)Toluca 1051
Fourth Race — One and an eighth miles; three
ycar-olds and up.
887 Li Hung Chang 79 BSI Los Prietos ... 76
(104MRo8emaid S4 10K7 Widow Jones ..100
1064 St. Distaff ....92 BSS Mercutlo 110
1041 Cromwell 114
Fifth Race— Seven-eighths of a mile; selling:;
three-year-olds and upward.
1061 Joe Mussle 112 1042 Recreation 95
1055 Emma Rey 95 1054 Charles A 111
1066 Caspar 112 1061 Fortuna 109
1011 Red Dlenn 111 1054 El Moro 100
1050 Loch Ness 112
SOME FAMOUS COCKER SPANIELS.
Prize Winners of the Swiss Mountain Kennels,
Germantown, Pa.
Sixth Three-quarters; . four-year-olds
and up: selling.
1067 OTleta 99 1000 Red Spinner ..100
lPf.2 Celoso .......... 95 10,10 Roy Carruthers £7
<1061) Lucky Star ...KM .1065 Spt. ■ McAlllsterlo2
1062 Salisbury II . ..109 ■ 1007- Pat Murphy....
1067 Polish ■ 107 777 Fig Leaf.. 102
.931 Major Cook ...104
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First Race— Obsidian. Sir Trian, Casdale.
Second Race— Soscol. Castake. Reb»l Jack.
Third Race— Toluca. B. & W. stable.
Fourth Race— Los Prietos, Mercutio, Crom
well.
Fifth Race— Recreation, Caspar, El Moro.
Sixth Race— Polish, Fig Leaf. Sport McAl
lister.
DOGS ON SHOW
FOR CHARITY
Noble Canines to Bring
Relief to Sick
Children.
The San Francisco Kennel
Club's Bench Show Opens
To- Morrow.
A Long List of Entries— Many Fancy
Animals Will Be
There.
To-morrow will ser the opening of
the San Francisco Dog Show, and it
behooves owners of dogs entered for
competition therein to roll up their
sleeves to-night, and by dint of elbow
grease and soap impart to the coats of
their canine friends that glossy finish
which attracts admiration outside the
magic ring and wins the ribbons and
medals inside it.
This Is the canine event of the year
on the coast, and will also be one of the
most important society events. The
fact that the proceeds will be devoted
to charity will draw crowds who would
otherwise never visit a bench show,
and the Four Hundred will turn out en
map.se. To judge by the number of en
tries made by the feminine leaders of
local society, the rage for doggy pets
must be strong in those circles.
The kennels of the Marquis of Lans
downe will be represented by one of the
finest specimens of Irish terrier ever
seen here, namely, Rodger, the property
of Miss Nellie Bingham.
Judging will commence promptly at 2
p. m., and any dog absent from his
stall when called will lose all right of
competition. Owners can take their
pets home after 10 p. m. by depositing
$5 as guarantee for their reappearance,
but the practice is to be deprecated,
as the animals will receive due care
and attention from the nightwatchman
employed by the San Francisco Kennel
Club.
Famous among the recent arrivals
are some Cocker spaniels from the
Swiss Mountain Kennels, Germantown,
Pa. Among- them is included the world
renowed "Banner Trilby," who has won
many prizes in Eastern exhibitions;
among them being the first prize in
the show at Washington, D. C, in 1897,
and at Grand Rapids in IS9B.
Superintendent Oldham says that the
best time to see th» show is at the !
opening, because every owner will have i
his dog well groomed and well fed for j
his initiatory appearance. With the |
people In general the appearance of a
dog goes far, and an animal well taken
care of is apt to gain public favor over
his superior who has been neglected.
A big feature of the show will be a
grand parade of dogs who have won
prizes every day. The big fellows, St.
Bernards, mastiffs, Great Danes and
Russian hounds will be among the first
to be judged, and therefore will be in
that parade every day.
The sporting dogs, "the fighters," are
largely represented among the entries
and the lovers of the "pugnacious pup"
will find much to admire.
ALASKA NAVIGATION.
Rules by the Treasury Department
for the Conduct of Vessels Ply
ing on the Stikine River.
Customs Collector Jackson yesterday
was notified by the Secretary of the
Treasury that the transfer of cargo or
passengers from a vessel, from any port
In the United States (except another port j
or place in Alaska), or from any foreign j
port, to a vessel destined by way of the
mouth of the Stikine River or its con- )
necting rivers and lakes, and the trans*
fer of cargo or passengers from a vess 1
destined by way of the mouth of the
Stikine River from any port or place ..n
the Stikine River or its connecting rivers j
and lakes, to any American port or plp.i'e :
(except to another port or place in Alas- ;
ka) or any foreign port, shall be permii
ted only at the port of Wrangel under the i
supervision of officers of customs.
Any vessel In the coasting trade of the !
United States destined from a port in the j
United States (elsewhere than in Alaska)
or from a foreign port for any port on the
Stikine River or its connecting rivers and I
lakes, shall enter at Wrangel in the man- \
ncr prescribed by law. Such vessel may
then proceed to her place of destination,
or transfer her cargo and passengers if
destined for a port in Alaska to another
American vessel, which may proceed ac
cording to the regulations governing the
entry and clearance of vessels in the
same customs district: or transfer her
cargo and passengers, if destined to a
port or place in British Columbia or the i
Northwest Territory, to an American or i
British vessel, which shall clear from <
Wrangel in the manner provided by law.
A vessel descending the Stikine Riv«»r
from ports or places in British Columbia I
from the Northwest Territory, in ballast '
or cargo, or passengers or both, shall
come to Wrangel or such port near the i
boundary between Alaska and British i
Columbia or the Northwest Territory as
may hereafter be designated, and shall
thera report in compliance with the pro- !
visions of section 2772 of the Revised !
Statutes.
No intoxicating liquor shall be sold or
used on said vessel at said place.
ladles' tailor-made suits: latest designs; w*
«lye credit. M. Rothschild. 211 Butter, r. 6 *7.
ELECTRIC LIGHT
JOB "WORKED"
Supervisors Accept the
Bid of the Big
Company.
Rivers Earns the Gratitude o'
the Monopoly for His
Work.
The N»me of Balboa Boulevard
Changed 10 Commemorate the
Hero of Manila.
The Supervisors consummated the elec
tric light job yesterday by passing to
print an order awarding the San Fran
cisco Gas and Electric Company the con
tract for lighting public buildings for the
ensuing two years at 10 cents per 1000 watts
for buildings in the downtown district and
15 cents for the northern and O'Farrell
street police stations.
Supervisor Rivers had charge of the job.
and so stealthily and craftily did he per
form his work that nobody suspected the
finish was so near at hand until the mat
ter came up for action yesterday.
Six weeks ago The Call drew the atten
tion of the public to the gigantic robbery
that was about to be perpetrated, and
about the same time a rival electric light
company undertook to break in upon the
monopoly by guaranteeing to save the
city $40,000 a year if it were granted equal
facilities with its rival in the way of ex
tending its service to the outside districts.
The contract would expire on May 1,
and The Call repeatedly warned the Su
pervisors that if they intended to be hon
est with the taxpayers they would have
to act promptly in advertising for bids, in
order that the new company might pre
pare to enter upon its obligations in case
it waa awarded the contract. Attention
was also called to the proposal under
which the last contract was let. by the
terms of which competition was effect
ually choked off, and the Supervisors
were cautioned against repeating the
error.
The Supervisor from the Twelfth final
ly determined to bring the job to a close,
and soon after 9 o'clock last Friday morn
ing, before anybody who might interfere
reached the hall, Rivers and the other
members of the Street Lights Committee
met and opened the lone bid of the San
Francisco Gas and Electric Company, the
only concern that could bid under the
terms of the proposal, and quickly voted
to recommend its acceptance. The bids
for gas lighting were also opened and the
contract divided between the Pacific Gas
Improvement Company and the San Fran
cisco Gas and Electric Company, both
bidding the same, $1 50 per thousand feet.
Both recommendations were adopted
yesterday. and so the electric light steal
is perpetrated for two years more. But
the agitation brought about some good,
for the company reduced its rate from
11 to 10 cents, which is not bad consider
ing that it supplies private consumers for
5Vs cents. Perhaps it intends to set its
meters still faster and make up the dif
ference in that way. If it does it is not
likely to meet with any opposition from
Rivers and the other members of the ma
jority.
The Supervisors also passed the reso
lution changing the name of Balboa
boulevard to Dewey boulevard despite the
strong opposition of Clinton, who upon
final passage changed his vote from no
to aye, and gave notice of a motion to
reconsider next week.
The contract for printing the delinquent
tax list was laid ovrr for a week. The
Journal of Commerce, the lowest bidder,
had withdrawn its bid of 21 cents a name,
and the Supervisors regarded the bid of
the Report. 40 cents a name, as exorbi
tant. However. the majority voted
against advertising for new bids, al
though the Mayor showed there was am
ple time to do so, and next week the con
tract will undoubtedly be awarded.
The matter of the lease of the Sailors'
Home property was taken up again, and
JLackmanns motion renewing the lease to
the Ladies' Seaman's Friend Society pre
vailed.
The board adopted a resolution agree
ing to save the State from any costs that
may arise from the suit to be brought
against the Fidelity and Trust Company
of Maryland, to recover $100,000, the
amount of ex-Treasurer "Widber's bond
guaranteed by that company.
Expert Newman, of the Finance Com
mittee, was Instructed to examine the
records of the criminal departments of the
Superior Court for the purpose of aseer- |
taining the amounts still due witnesses
and jurors who have served since the
passage of the "fee bill."
Bills were received for the burial of In
digent dead as follows: Pacific Under
taking Company. $16 each; Joseph Hogan
& Co., $8 25; J. S. Godeau, $8 99; Edward
Kelly, $8 05; McAvoy & Co., $9 55.
STREET IMPROVEMENTS.
Summary of the Week's Work
\ of the Board.
; The following Is a complete record of
the street improvements that passed the
Board 1 of Supervisors at yesterday's ses
sion: "
. ■ AWARD OF CONTRACTS.
Scott, Lombard to Chestnut— Grading, to Fred
Leffler,: :' ■• •'■ ; '. '.'■' :. •" '--■ - ■-■.•- ■ ■■-■•.■••;■? '
■ Lombard ~ and . Scott— Paving, to City Street
Improvement Company. _ . •'..:/...
Waller. Central and Masonic avenues —
ing, paving, etc., to San : Francisco Paving
Company. '. ■ ■- ■ ,'  ;.
San , Jose ; avenue, ■ northerly line «of I Twenty
fifth to same of Twenty-sixth— Curbing, paving,
etc., to Union Paving and Contracting Com
pany. .'■■•;. - • •'-■■•' .•:-'■ '■ . '- ■■ ■*-' '-:'." ■■: ■■ '-y>-*.r?j
: Twenty-sixth. • Valencia i to '. — Curbing
and paving, to City. Street Improvement com
pany. ■-■ •• . ■■.-■:;'. '■ ■•■■ '■ -■-'■>-... "•■■■■ ■, -v ?, ■■--•.'.■■■■■ ■'■
- Eighteenth, • " Howard >. to Sidewalk*,
to J. H. Hyland. ■ - ,
Fulton and Willnrd north— Sidewalking.
curbing, etc.. to Flinn & Treacy.
Church and Thirteenth— Cm bins, paving,
sidewalking, etc., to J. J. Dowling.
RESOLUTION ORDERING STREET WORK.
Fillmore, Post to Sutter— Sidewalks and
paving.
Perry, Third to easterly termination of same
—Curbing and paving.
McAllister, Lyon to Central avenue— Same.
Potrero avenue, where car rails have been
removed— Repairing, roadway.
RECOMMENDED PASSED TO RESOLUTION
ORDERING.
North avenue. Holly Park to Cortland ave
nue— Grading, paving, etc.
RESOLUTION OF INTENTION.
Mission and Twenty-second — Sidewalks.
Ashbury, Seventeenth to Clayton — Grading,
curbing, sidewalks, paving, etc.
Fulton, distant 100 feet westerly from Polk;
thence westerly 100 feet along said line of Ful
ton—Sidewalks.
Ashbury, Eighteenth to the central point
in Ashbury, l<\t feet north of Eighteenth — Pipe
sewer.
Ashbury to southerly line of Seventeenth-
Same.
Same. Seventeenth to Eighteenth— Paving,
grading, etc.
Eighteenth and Ashbury— Sewering, grading.
paving, etc.
RECOMMENDED BY SUPERINTENDENT
OF STREETS.
Chattanooga, Twenty-fourth to Jersey—Side
walks.
Dolores, Twenty-fourth to Twenty-fifth—
Same.
Clipper, Sanchez to Noe — Same.
Twenty-fifth, Dolores to Fair Oaks— Same.
. Jersey, Dolores to . Church— Sidewalking,
curbing,- paving, etc.
Vallejo, Fillmore to Stelner— Curbing and
paving.
.Vallejo, Steiner to Pierce— Same.
Green, Octavla to Laguna — Same,
i Green, Laguna to Buchanan — Same.
Green and Buchanan— Paving."- .£;■?
' . Green ami i 'Webster— Same.
Green, Webster to • Fillmore— Curbing and
paving. :..--.
. Union and , Franklin— Paving.
Union, Franklin to Gough— Curbing and pav
ing. •
Union and Steiner— Paving.
Devisndero and Union Same.
Union, Devisadero to Broderick— and
paving. I .
Bay and Montgomery avenues — Paving, curb
ing, etc. • ■ ■- ■ '•' - .
North line of Greenwich, Taylor to Jansen —
Sidewalks.
Southerly line of Greenwich, Taylor to Mason
Same. ' ■
. Fifteenth avenue South. . P street South to O
south— Curbing, paving, etc. .',
Filbert, . Pierce to Scott— Same. . .
RESOLUTION OF FULL ACCEPTANCE.
Shrader, Oak to Page — Bitumen.
.Twentieth. York to Hampshire — Same.
Cole and Frederick— Same.
■ Twentieth -and York Same.. 1
RECOMMENDED FOR FULL ACCEPTANCE.
Jackson, Union to Filbert— Bitumen.
Locust, from crossing to Washington Same.
Eureka, Twentieth to a point 520 feet south
erly from Twentieth — Basalt. . .
1 BIDS ORDERED REJECTED.
Central avenue. and Halght — For sldewalking.
PROPOSALS ORDERED READVERTISED.
Rrannan. Ninth to Potrern - avenue- Paving.
Erie, Mission to Howard — Sidewalking.
PERMISSION GRANTED TO CONSTRUCT
SIDEWALKS.
Army, Mission to Alabama — owners
for same.
EXTENSIONS OF TIME RECOMMENDED.
Twenty-sixth and York— To Fllnn & Treacy.
60 days on grading.
. Sutter, Grant avenue to Kearny. including
crossing at Grant avenue — Union Paving 1
Company. CO . days on paving.
' Sixth, Channel, to Hooper — Same.
Sixth. Hooper to Irwin — Same.
Sixth atod Irwin—
Filbert. Polk to Van Ness avenue—^To prop
erty owners, CO days on paving.
California, . from easterly of Cherry to same
on First avenue— To Union Paving Company,
60 days on. paving. ' ..-,':
RESOLUTION OF RELEASE OF CONTRACT.
Ellery. Bryant to Federal— Pacific Paving
Company, on contract to pave.
PETITIONS REFERRED TO STREET COM
MITTEE.
Waller, Stelner to Pierce — J. W. Quick, to
lav sidewalks.
Bryant, Fifth to Sixth— -Property owners, for
grading. : •• -
Dorland.. Guerrero to Dolores— John H. Board
man, to lay. sidewalks. . ; , '
Potrero avenue, . Hampshire, York and Bry
ant, Twenty-sixth to " Army— Property owners,
for sewering. . ...
Perry, Third 550 feet easterly — own
ers for paving. •■• ■ : • ■
Ninth avenue. Point Lobos avenue to A street
— L. C. Williams, for an extension of time for
sewering. -.-..'■
McAllister, Lyon to • Central avenue — E. E.
Cook, to pave. •-> -■:■. .
Chenery, Randall to Castro— Property owners,
to grade. - .
Silver avenue and Q — Mount St. Joseph's Or
phan Asylum, for construction of hydrants.
Ninth avenue, Point Lobos to A street — L.
C. Williams., for an extension of time for con
struction of sewer.  ( . . " ,-'■
PROTESTS REFERRED TO \ STREET COM
. , ■ . . MITTEE. \ .
P street 'south. First to . Second avenue —
Thomas Mora.n ; against paving. , ■-.■. ■ ;
South line of Geary,. Octavia to Laguna—
Property-owners : against sidewalks. , •
Westerly half of. San Jose avenue, - opposite
Valley street— Same against. paving. . ■. ,
North line of Fulton.- Polk street to Van Ness
— Caroline .A.- Johnson, \ against side
walks.
- Easterly line of ■ Flllmnre, Post, to Sutter—
Millie Malech. against construction of side
walks.
REPORT OF STREET COMMITTEE ON
MATTERS SUBMITTED AT PREVIOUS
SESSION.
Central avenue and Halght street— ln favor
of constructing angular corners, etc.
Ellery, Bryant to Federal — In favor of re
pealing contract for paving.
Mission. Twenty-second to Twenty-third—
Against construction of sidewalks.
Eighth. Alameda to Sixteenth— The establish
ing- of grades referred to City Engineer.
District south of Golden Gate Park— ln favor
of constructing sewer at a cost of $1400.
Potrero avenue — In favor of compelling rail
way company to repair roadway.
Army. Mission to Alabama— ln favor of con
structing sidewalks.
J street, from east line of Eighth avenue,
to same on Tenth — In favor of paving.
Ninth avenue, M to O streets— ln favor of
changing grade.
McAllister. Lyon street to Central avenue —
In favor of paving-.
Waller. Stelner to Pierce — In favor of side
walks.
South line of Geary, Octavla to Laguna
Same.
Devlsadero, Chestnut to Francisco — Against
paving.
Pierce, i^m*-"" 1 to Chestnut— Same.
Chestnut. Broderick to Baker— Same.
729 Folsom— ln favor of repairing sidewalk.
Thirteenth avenue. H to J street— ln favor
of regradlng and sewering.
Brcderick. Lombard to Chestnut — Against
paving.
Webster. Greenwich to Lombard— Same.
Chestnut. Broderick to Baker — Same.
Other petitions and protests reported on ad
versely or filed.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. PIERCES ELECTRIC BELT
STERLING BICYCLES
Are Made to Wear , and You Can Get Them
for All Prices.
A. C. NICHOLS & CO.,
404 Battery St.,
Western Agents.
The Helios Automatic Gas Lamps are the
only safe and perfect lamps on the mar-
ket. Call in and see them.
A. C. NICHOLS & CO.
SOME OFFICIAL
HAS BLUNDERED
John Kelly, Alias Tyrell,
Allowed to Make His
Escape.
Walked Out of Judge Joachim
sen's Court About Ten
Days Ago.
The Police Are Now Scovxrino th«
C ty to Find Him, but With
Sm.-tll Hope of Success.
Through somebody's blunder John
Kelly, alias Tyrell, a young "tough" 20
years of age, is enjoying his liberty
instead of being in the City Prison to
answer to several charges of battery
and robbery against him.
Kelly and Thomas Stanton were ar
rested 6n the night of April 29 by Po
liceman E. J. Thomson and C. T. Mer
chant; Kelly on two char.tr s of bat
tery, and Stanton on a charge of bat
tery and one of disturbing the peace.
The following day they were each
booked on a charge o* assault to com
mit robbery. The complaining witness
was John B. Rifi'o, a scavenger, and
he alleged that the defendants assault
ed him on his way home at Twenty
sixth street and Pan Jose avenue, and
after knocking him down and beating
him they attempted to rob him. He
yelled for help and they ran away.
A few days later a charge of petty
larceny was booked against Kelly, the
complaining witness being Antone
Bank. On that day the battery and
assault to rob cases were continued
till May 10 in Judge Joaehimsen's court.
The petty larceny cape against Kelly
came up for hf-arir.e in th a same court
on Saturday, May 7. and after listen
ing to the evidence the Judge dismissed
the case.
When the battery and assault to rob
cases were called on May 10 Kc.iy could
not be found. He should have been
in the prison, but he was not there.
Consternation prevailed arr.one: the at
taches of the court and the prison of
ficials. There was a hurried investi
gation, and then it dawned upon their
minds that when the case of petty
larceny was dismissed nsrainst Kelly he
was permitted to walk out of court.
Chief Lees was notified and since
then detectives and policemen in plain
clothes have been hunting for Kelly,
but he has not yet been found.
The cases were again called in court
yesterday morning, but ns Raffo, the
complaining witness, failed to appear
a continuance was given till the after
noon. He did not show ur> then, and
a continuance was granted till Wed
nesday, when it is hoped that Kelly
will be recaptured and Raffo will have
got over his disgust at Kelly being al
lowed to escape.
THE BUSH-STREET BOULEVARD.
A Meeting of Property-Owners to Ba
Held on Thursday Evening.
The property-owners on the line of Bush
street over which it was proposed to have
a boulevard are determined to fight the
issue to the last. As a precaution against
any snap judgment that may come from
the Supervisors on the 26th inst, at which
time the question will come up for final
consideration before that august body,
the property-owners are determined to
have their protest in in time. With this
view a meeting v. ill be held at the Went
worth Hotel, 617 Bush street, next Thurs
day evening, at which all of the owners
of property on the line of Bush street
opposed to the boulevard scheme will bo
present. In addition to the persons imme
diately interested, the Richmond District
Improvement Club, of which President C.
Hubhs is the chairman, will be present to
co-operate with the others in having the
street cut through the Laurel Hill Ceme
tery, tapping the Western Valley beyond
the" cemeteries.
The contention advanced by the Bush
street property-owners is to the e.ffect
that the street is not adapted for a boule
vard and that it is a scheme on the part
of the Sutter-str>>et Railroad Company to
have this done so as to prevent any other
proposed street railroad company from
obtaining a franchise over that thorough
fare.
Bush street in its present condition Is
not a business street, nor is it considered
to be fit for a boulevard above all otheo
things. It has no outlet which would
justify its being turned into a "mock
boulevard." In its present condition it i 3
nothing more nor less than a cul-de-sac,
and as such it will remain until an open
ing is had at its western terminus.
Held for Grand Larcsny.
J. B. Johnson, from Arizona, who was
accused of robbing Georgpe Russell, an
old rancher, of $GOO and thon takinp him
to Eureka and dumping him there, wag
yesterday held to answer before the Su
perior Court by Judge Joachimsen His
bonds were fixed at $2000.
CURES DISEASE WITHOUT MEDICINE.
OTHER BELTS CAN BE - HAD : SOME
very cheap and others very high, but if you
want the BEST you MUST- have Dr. Pierces.
We could fill this whole newspaper with letters
received from people who have been cured by
Dr. Pierre's Belt. ; but we wont do It; would
cost too much, and then we should have to
charge very hleh prices. for the belts, like the
"quacks" do who put such big advertisements
In the papers. The following letter Is like
hundreds of others which we now have on
hand. R»ad It carefully: ; J
IT CURED HIS BACK.
, mn t.* Plalnsbunr. Cal., August 21. 1897.
"DR. PIERCE & SON. San Francisco— Gen-
tlemen: • Once again I 'address you, this .time
to order a $13 Belt. The one you sent me last
October was a beauty, and the party for which
I ordered it was well pleased with its effect
on him: so much so indeed that I have never
heard him complain of his back : hurting him
since. .So please, mall one of your No. 2 Chain
Belts complete to Mr. ■ - of Plainsburg, Cal.
and I will take the chances of having him say-
it did not help him. I remain, yours truly,
"GEORGE A. KA^L."
Get our new book. Writ.: for it to-day, for
the next time you look for this advertisement
you may not find it. Or, better still, call at
rmr_ salesrooms . and manufactory and examine
the goods for yourself. • Address
FIERCE ELECTRIC ~\ CO., ?
620 MARKET ST., Opp. Palace Hotel, San Francises,
or Sullivan Block. First ay., Seattle. Wash..
000000000000000000
% T " F PALACE '•'??
% GRAND hotels o
q SAN FRANCISCO. ' Q
Connecien uy h ntrered p:ks.sa>r!>wiiT. *T
Jf 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attached. °
O NOTE THE PRICES: • . Q
O Enropean Plan. Sl. OO per day and upward n
v American Plan. «3. 00 per day and upward **
| O ' • . Correspnnd»nr-r Solicited.' ■ .-♦ -O ■
I O JOHN C. 2IRKPAT2ICK, Hutger. ' . - O
ocoooooooooooooooo
\A/. X. HESS, ;':•■
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, : Room 1015, Claus Spreckela "Bid*
• Telephone Brown 931., v. -, ; . -
' Residence, 821 , :' California street, - ■ below
Powell, .San Francisco. :
56
TUESDAY MAY 17, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts., S. F-
Telephone Main 1868. . . ■■; ;.
(EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE CAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) rs
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a w««k- By mall $6 per year; per montfa
66 cents. ____ , ■ ■
THE WEEKLY CALL On« year, by mall, $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE »08 Broadway
IS'EW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Buildlnfc
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Ri&£« Hou»»
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Mnrquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clocK- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock. 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
Street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin-"In Old Japan '"
i Columbia— "The Fac« in the Moonlight "
California — "Moths "
Alcazar— "Youngr Mrs. Wlnthrop "
Morosco'e— "The Corner Grocery-
Tlvoli— "Ship Ahoy."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Native Sons/ Hall, Mason street— Lecture Thurßday night.
Sherman. Clay Hall— Paloma Schraram, benent to the Red
: Cross Society, Friday afternoon.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Doe Show Wednesday, May 18.
The Chutes— Zoo. Vaudeville, and "Visions Of Art. '
Olympla— Corner Mason and Eddy streets, Specialties
Central Park— Dog and Pony Show.
Sutro Baths— Swimming:,
California JockeyCmb, Oakland— Races this day.
El Campo— Music, dancing, boating, fishing, every Sunday.
AUCTION SALES.
By E. S. Spear & Co —This day. May IT. Furniture, at 2103
SPactic avenue, at 11 o clock.
r By A. F Rooiwr & Co.— day, May 17, Horses, at 721 How-
ard street at 11 o clock. _^^_^______^
A YELLOW HOLD-UP.
A PICTURE published in the Examiner of
yesterday afforded the thoughtful a brief
season of delight. It represented the cap
•tain of an English vessel as having climbed
Srno the rigging, from which point of vantage
lie was actively displaying the Union Jack, the em
blem, doubtless owing to the gentleman's agitation,
being upside down. As the ship was provided with
jnasts and halyards there should have been some ex
planation of the extraordinary method adopted by the
captain. As a rule the British captain does not shin
fcloft, and he certainly would not do so for the pur
pose of accomplishing that which could better have
been done in a manner wholly sane and having the
sustaining approval indicated by numerous prece- !
'dents. But no wonder the captain was scared. He !
had been approached by a Journal-Examiner dispatch
boat, and, as the yellow tail of that combination states,
expected to be held up. Such thought on, his part was
perfectly natural, founded upon a just estimate, and
does credit to the intelligence of the captain. How
ever, no man with so keen an insight into depravity
•would have been guilty of not knowing how to use
the Union Jack. The suspicion that the Examiner
correspondent has been lying again projects itself into
(amd saddens the mind.
THE HALL OF JUSTICE.
OWNERS of property in the portion of the city
where a hole has been dug in the ground for
the ostensible purpose of building a new Hall
f)f Justice, are reported to be preparing to make an
*>ther effort to hasten the completion of the building.
In the past they have appealed to the contractors, the
SU"chitect and the Supervisors in vain. This time they
Jurn their thoughts to the prospect of a new Grand
Jury, and when that body has been organized will
jendeavor to get it to redress the wrong that has been
Jdone them by the long delay in constructing the
jfedifice.
According to reports a count made of the persons
4fet work on the structure last week showed that there
(were employed one bricklayer, two ironworkers and
& boy. With such a force the progress made is, of
*ourse, so slight that the work is hardly more than
JU pretense. In fact it is not a decent pretense, for it
l^does not promise anything, and it would seem that
ifhe object of those in authority is not so much to
jfclelude the people into the belief that work is being
idone as to show them by this mockery how little
they care what the public thinks, or what the property
Owners say.
The manner in which the construction of the build-
Ing has been delayed, in spite of repeated protests,
ifcvould be a farce if it were not a scandal. Again and
fegain a time has been fixed when the building should
ike completed, and again and again the Supervisors
Slave extended the time. The hall should have been
{•finished and in thb hands of the city for occupation
frears ago. There has never been any cause for delay
»n account of a lack of money, of workmen, or of
(jtnaterial. All these have been at the disposal of the
in abundant quantities. The delay and
i*the dawdling have been as wanton as they have been
jthameful and wasteful. The whole affair has been an
,;offense to every citizen who has any regard for either
!|he honor or the interests of the municipality.
It is hardly worth while to go over again the old
[task of getting the subject investigated by the Super
visors. It is not worth while to ask any more prom
ises from the contractors or the architect. The prop
erty owners of the vicinity are right. The next appeal
must be to a Grand Jury. There must be fraud in
$uch an outrageous delay as this. It surpasses credul
ity to accept the glib statement that in this day and
generation a building of that size and character hon
estly requires as long a time to construct as was con
turned by the Pharaohs in building the Pyramids.
It appears that the Spanish had thoughtfully put
(double crews aboard their ships at Manila in order to
Jiave sailors ready to take charge of Dewey's ships
as soon as the white flag had been run up. The
Spanish were, in fact, prepared for any emergency ex
cept the one they ran across.
There will be general approval of the determina
tion of the authorities at Washington to let Sampson
£nd Schley use their own judgment. Each is sup
posed to have a good quality of this and the guns to
back it.
The suggestion is offered to Spain for what it is
that Weyler be garroted as a traitor to his
country.
It is not often that great fleets put in weeks playing
C game of "hide and go seek."
OUR EXPANDING POWER.
ONE of the most notable effects produced by
the war upon the American people has been
the expansion of the popular ideal regarding
the destiny of the nation. Prior to the outbreak of
hostilities the average American was content with the
isolation .of this country from the affairs of all parts
of the world outside the two American continents
and their adjacent islands. To-day we have broader
ideas. Even the most conservative papers treat
Dewey's victory at Manila as the first step in a new
career that is destined to make the United States a
world power of prime magnitude and far-reaching
influence.
The Philadelphia Inquirer, in an elaborate edi
torial nearly two columns in length and double lead
ed to give it emphasis in every word, announces itself
strongly in favor of the expanded ideal. It says:
"Come! we have progressed, and progress has
brought its invincible changes — changes that can no
more be turned back than the swift current of Niagara,
to use an old but most forcible simile, can be dammed
in its irresistible progress to the lake. We still stand
by the Monroe Doctrine so far as foreign invasion of
the two American continents is concerned, but we
have arrived at a time when that doctrine must be
broadened. There is no longer a reason why our in
fluence should not be exerted all around the world."
The impulse given to the new conception of our
national destiny by the war is increased by commer
cial considerations. The coincidence of events has
brought about this war and the victory in the Orient
just at a time when our merchants and manufacturers
have been disturbed lest the threatened partition of
China by the European powers should deprive us of
our rightful share of that vast market for our manu
factured goods. Commerce is even more expansive
than war itself, and the needs of trade not less potent
ly than the pride of victory incline us to extend our
influence and power to every part of the globe where
there is likely to be any considerable market for the
products of our soil and the articles made by the
skill of our workingmen.
We are of necessity forced to look for trade ex
pansion in China. That populous empire is a near
neighbor of California. From San Francisco to
Hongkong there is a free, broad pathway across the
ocean, by which we can gain cheap access to that
vast field which is now the most promising in the
world for commerce. We cannot permit our present
and future interests there to be sacrificed to Euro
pean greed. In spite of ourselves we are forced to
take part in the responsibilities of the larger destinies
of the world. We do not seek for conquest. We have
no desire to assume the government of the mongrel
races of the Philippines. Nevertheless we cannot any
longer restrict our energies to the American hemis
phere. We will emerge from this war a world power
with a world commerce whether we wish it or not.
THE PROPOSED STATE FUSION.
THE Populists are feeling their oats. They have
many of the county officers all over the State.
In Alameda they have the best offices — Sheriff,
Treasurer and Assessor. Elsewhere they did quite
well in the election of 1894, and find themselves now
in a position to raise funds by assessment of their
office-holders. This levy was ordered at the last
meeting of their State committee, which took up the
subject of fusion with the Democrats and silver Re
publicans on the State, county and Congressional
tickets. This question brought on a struggle and
convulsion that lasted from 8 p. m. Tuesday to 2:30
a. m. Wednesday, with the result that it was agreed to
fuse provided the Fresno example were followed and
the other two parties to this political polygamy
adopted the particular expression of Populism known
as the Oregon platform.
The committee declared that this is a good year to
tone up on principles, and that any union or amalga
mation of the forces of reform must be upon the
Populist platform.
Quoting exact language, the committee say that the
Populist party "demand of such other political forces
desiring unity of action that said parties by their
proper conventions first agree and adopt an identical
or common platform of principles which all candi
dates desiring the support of any of said parties must
accept, and that adoption of such common platform
must precede any and all nominations."
The committee then ordered a referendum to all
Populist county conventions upon this question:
"Shall there be a union of the People's party of
California in 1898 with any other party or parties for
the nomination of a joint ticket, provided that such
parties shall first agree to the following platform of
principles?"
The platform follows, and is made up of all the
Populist ideas, fiat money and scoop-shovel distribu
tion of the same direct to the people by the Federal
Government being the most prominent.
It remains to be seen whether the Democratic party
of California will surrender its individuality and be
content to trot along under the Populist wagon. The
silver Republicans are the political mules of the State,
with some pride of ancestry but no hope of posterity,
and may be glad to eat thistles, even, in the Populist
corral.
Theamusing part of the situation is thatif the Demo
cracy chase office through such fusion it surrenders
its identity, and though it pray toward Jefferson and
Jackson, it will be in the fix of the Christians whose
conversion to Mahomet had been perfected, by the
Abrahamic rite and all, who were caught counting
their beads again. Their Mahometan brethren
laughed at them, for they had been sealed to the
Prophet and were wasting their prayers.
No matter what the result may be one must respect
the Populists. They have seen and smelled the car
rion-like scandals in a Democratic Board of Super
visors and Board of Education in this city. They
have seen the new ferry clock trying to get one hand
behind its back by force of example set by the Har
bor Commission. They Have seen the exposure of
the jute-bag manipulation by the Prison Directors.
They have seen the rainbow of Democratic promise,
and where it touched the earth they have found cor
ruption so vile that the buzzards fly from it to the
garbage dumps to get a breath of fresh air, and they
don't propose to keep such company unless it is put
under bonds of some kind, and from their stand
point what better promise of reform can this particu
lar "reform force" make than by swallowing the Pop
ulist platform?
While there has been surprise at the apparent lack
of haste in getting men started for Manila it must be
remembered that the army on this coast is bound
and swathed in red tape. When an officer cannot fur
nish a shirt to a recruit without first asking Wash
ington speed is difficult.
Pierre Loti accuses the United States of brigandage
in the matter of the Philippines. By what oversight
Loti was not consulted before Dewey broke loose has
not been explained. Perhaps Loti would feel better
if he were to swear out an injunction.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 17, 1898.
SALARIES OF SCHOOL TEACHERS.
IN a communication to The Call Joseph O'Connor,
who represented the School Department upon the
Board of Freeholders which framed the proposed
charter, declares that the limit placed upon the
amount which may be expended under that instru
ment for teachers' salaries works ij} only one direc
tion. That is to say, he holds that the charter-makers
fixed a minimum for a maximum amount for school
salaries. According to his notion the salary fund may
exceed $28 per pupil but shall not be less than that
amount.
If it were the intention of the Freeholders to fix a
minimum, they have adopted a very strange method
of expressing themselves. Subdivision 9 of Sec. I,
Chapter 3, Article 7 of the proposed charter gives the
Board of Education power "to provide for the prompt
payment, on not later than the fifth day of every
month, of all salaries due and allowed officers, teach
ers and other employes of the School Department.
For this purpose the Auditor shall annually segre
gate so much of the Common School Fund as shall
not exceed twenty-eight dollars for each pupil in
average daily attendance in the Public Schools of the
City and County during the preceding fiscal year.
The amount so segregated shall not be applied to
the payment of any demand against such Common
School Fund during any fiscal year other than for
salaries, until all salaries for that fiscal year have been
fully paid and provided for. The Board shall ascertain
and transmit to the Auditor on or before the first Mon
day in April of each year an estimate of the amount
required for such segregation within such limit of
twenty-eight dollars."
ft is true, as Mr. O'Connor says, that this para
graph does not declare in terms against the expendi
ture of more than $28 per pupil for salaries, but it
establishes a salary fund and so provides the only
money which may be expended for that purpose. If
the Freeholders intended to fix the minimum amount
which may be disbursed by the Board of Education
for salaries they have made a blunder. Mr. O'Connor
ought to be familiar with the legal rule of construc
tion, "expressio unius, exclusis alterius" — the state
ment of one thing is the exclusion of another. Apply
this rule to the paragraph quoted. Therein the Free
holders have established a salary fund. Can it be
possible that they intended to grant the Board of
Education power to establish another? If they did
so intend why did they not say so? Is it not plain
that taxes for school purposes are fixed at §32 50 per
pupil, of which $28 per pupil and no more shall be
expended for salaries?
On their face the figures of Expert Williams are
correct. The average daily attendance of pupils has
not varied for three years. In 1895 it was 33,019, in
1896 33.508 and in 1897 33.531. At $32 50 per pupil
the latter figures would give the School Department
an appropriation of $1,089,757. The appropriation for
1897-98 was $r, 200,000. There is here plainly a reduc
tion of $110,243. The amount which may be expended
in salaries under the charter at $28 per pupil at the
same average attendance will be $938,868. The
amount expended last year was $1,112,320. The re
duction in teachers' salaries is therefore $173,452. If
our construction of the salary limit is correct there
is no escape from these figures.
A BOOM FOR SHIPBUILDERS.
THE war thus far has been not only a glory for
American arms, but an advertisement of the
highest value and widest fame for American
shipbuilders. The fact that Dewey's fleet passed
through a long battle against both ships and forts
without suffering serious damage is an unmistakable
proof of the excellence with which the ships and their
engines were constructed. Foreign nations that may
hereafter desire more warships than they can build at
their own yards will naturally be inclined lo have
them constructed at the yards and by the builders
whose work was shown at Manila to be of such sub
stantial and battle-proof character.
In addition to the increased orders for ships of war
there will be also a large increase in orders for mer
chant vessels. The American Economist estimates
that the purchase by the Government of vessels for
war purposes equals in the aggregate a transfe- of
100,000 tons of carrying capacity from private hands
to the nation. This in itself makes a large gap in the
merchant marine of the country, and the gap of course
must be speedily filled to meet the commercial de
mand.
Commenting upon the work required to fill the
gap the Economist says: For the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1897, the total iron and steel steam tonnage
built on the Atlantic and Gulf coasts amounted to
21,586. It would therefore require nearly five years
of construction at the same rate to make good the
withdrawals of ships for Government uses.
This estimate, it will be seen, is based on the con
struction of shipping on the Atlantic and the Gulf
coasts only. It does not include Pacific coast work.
It is therefore clear that the estimate of five years as
the time required to fill the gap made in our merchant
marine by the Government purchases is erroneous.
With the increase of orders for new ships the capaci
ties and capabilities of our shipping yards will in
crease, and it will go hard indeed with us if our Cali
fornia shipbuilders do not perform a large part of the
work required.
In addition to the construction of warships and the
vessels needed to supply the present demand in the
mercantile marine there is likely to be a further im
petus given to American shipbuilding by the adoption
of laws which will give the industry a degree of pro
tection equal to that given to others. The Republican
party Is pledged to that policy, and the enactment of
such legislation may be looked for as one of the not-
able accomplishments of this administration. Taken
altogether, therefore, the outlook for our shipbuilders
is better than it has been for years, and, as San Fran
cisco has large capital and thousands of men engaged
In the industry, we may expect to receive no incon
siderable local benefits from the work that seems so
certain to come.
The Spanish Governor of the Philippines is said to
have been given authority to inaugurate such reforms
as may seem to him to be necessary. It is believed,
however, that the Governor is seriously handicapped
by the presence of a determined gentleman named
Dewey, who has a plan of reform already outlined.
The women who have taken hold of Red Cross
work in this city are simply wonders. They do not
know what it is to weary in well doing. If they want
anything they ask for it, and as yet they have met
nobody who manifests the least inclination to refuse.
The fact that war is costing a million dollars a day
ought to be an argument in favor of pushing it to an
end. It is generally admitted now that the Spanish
are beyond moral suasion.
It is pleasing to read that preparations for the re
lief of Dewey are "being rushed with great haste."
No ordinary observer would have suspected it
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS
P. Hirschfield, a merchant of Los An
geles, Is at the Lick.
John W. Mitchell, a Los Angeles poli
tician, is at the Palace.
Colonel W. J. Fife, U. S. A., Is among
the arrivals at the Baldwin.
Rev. Frank Thompson, chaplain of the
Mohican, is a guest at the California.
Carl E. Lindsay, District Attorney of
Santa Cruz, is registered at the Grand.
D. Falconer, a well-known merchant of
Cortez, Nevada, registered at the Grand.
W. W. Turney, a prominent business
man of Campbell, is registered at the
Grand.
Ezra Kendall, the comedian. Is at the
Palace, having come here to nil a local
engagement.
Ex-Senator James McCudden of Vallejo
is in this city on a short vi3lt, accompa
nied by his daughter.
Lieutenant-Commander S. C. Paine, U.
S. N., and wife are at the Grand, after an
extensive trip through the Orient.
G. Bell, who came from Chicago to act
as judge of the coming bench show, is
among the arrivals at the Occidental.
Brigadier General H. C. Merriam, IT.
S. A., is staying at the Occidental, and
is here to assume charge of the troops
at the Presidio.
A party of Chicago excursionists are at
the Palace, and Include Mr. and Mrs. E.
S. Hart, C. H. Ruddock and son, Miss
Farnsworth and Mrs. Delius.
Rev. J. W. Wadm,an, a Chinese mis
sionary, Is at the Occidental with his wife
and five children. He has been engaged
In Christian work in Tokio, Japan.
L. H. Snell, the well-known horse-owner
of Boston, registered at the Palace last
evening. He has Just returned from a
visit to the various resorts In the south
ern part of the State.
Colonel Ivanoff and Captain Ivano
vitsch, two distinguished officers in the
service of the Russian army, who are
making a tour of the world together,
with their wives, are guests at the Pal
ace.
Baron yon Meyer Watson arrived on the
Doric to-day, after a trip through the
Orient, and is at the Palace. He is a
brother of Mrs. S. M. Ritter of Santa Bar
bara, who will come to this city to meet
him.
William E. Bainbridge, second secretary
of the United States Legation at Peking,
who has been at the Occidental for some
weeks, left yesterday afternoon for Los
Angeles. He will return in a few days.
■ » ■
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, May 18.— H. L. Wagner of
San Francisco is at the Manhattan. Mrs.
Cebolan de Laveaga has gone to Paris.
OLiJ GLORY ALOFT.
She's up there— Old Glory— where light
nings are sped;
She dazzles the nations with ripples of
red;
And she'll wave for us living, or droop
o'er us dead —
The flag of our country forever!
She's up there— Old Glory— bright the
stars stream!
And the stripes like red signals of liberty
gleam!
And we dare for her, living, or dream the
last dream
'Neath the flag of our country forever!
She's up there — Glory— no tyrant
• dealt scars — • .
No blur on her brightness — no stain, on
her stars!
The brave blood of heroes hath crimsoned
her bars —
Shi's the flag of our country forever!
—Frank L. Stanton.
HOLDING OF THE PHILIPPINES.
If, therefore, we are going Into the col-
on'zing business we must make up our
minds to groan under the burdens of
crushing taxation, for a great standing
army and a great fleet are necessary to
the very life of the country if we are to
change "off to that policy.— Richmond (Va.)
Times.
When all of the conditions which make
for anarchy In these Islands are under
stood; when the press and public come to
see the enormous price we should have
to pay for a great military, civil and na
val establishment to govern the inhabit
ants without suffrage of any kind, it is to
be hoped that public opinion will harden
against the hazardous experiment of har
monizing with American democracy a
colonial system of the inevitable Astatic
type. — Buffalo Commercial.
There appear but two courses which we
can consistently pursue. One Is to return
the islands to Spain after the war has
been concluded, and the other is to give
the people there who have been in revolt
against Spanish tyranny an opportunity
to set up a stable independent govern
ment. The war we are engaged in Is for
humanity's sake, not conquest.—Phila
delphia Public Ledger.
The United States must take her place
as one of the active dominating forces
among the powers of the earth. Send an
army of 30,000 men, white or black, or
both, to the Philippines. Rebuild the Ca
vite fort. Fortify the harbor so that we
can hold it against all comers. Appoint
a military Governor, or a civil one, if you
will, until we have enough Americans
there to vote and carry on our own form
of government. Some of the other powera
may hem and haw a little at first, but
they will get used to it before we get
through.— Kansas City World.
It may be, as we said yesterday, that
we shall have to hold the islands per
manently. But the necessity should be
clear. It looks now as though they would
be either English or American. In the
meantime we shall have t" govern them
as best we can.— lndianapolis News.
That we shall be a factor henceforth is
recognized by the thoughtful English and
European journals, and this recognition
calls for a display of diplomatic force in
Washington. We are not ambitious to
dominate the world by might, but we do
believe that our peaceful trade relations
should not be ignored, and the possession
of the Philippines will give us a position
such as we have never occupied. There
is no hurry. When peace comes we shall
take up the peaceful topics of commerce,
and diplomacy will then De relied upon.—
Philadelphia Inquirer.
It looks very much as though this coun
try would have to retain possession of
these islands, and provide a stable gov
ernment there. The consequences of war
have placed these islands In our hands,
and no matter hojw undesirable or trou
blesome they may be, we must make the
best of them. We have not gone into this
policy with the spirit of imperialism. Im
perialism seems to be forced upon us.—
Utica (N. V.) Observer.
It Is hardly too much to say that the
national policy ha 3 witnessed a radical
change Blnce the Cuban war began.
Foreign ports will be acquired in the
eastern and western worlds; a navy suf
ficient to command the respect and in
spire the fear of the greatest European
power will be created and maintained.
We are not at all likely to enter upon a
policy of territorial acquisition, but
rather of "commercial expansion. We
want American Influence to be felt In
every port and every capital. We want
the United States to be in fact the great
est nation on earth.— Fresno Republican.
To the United States, In a commercial
sense, tlie benefits that will accrue from
acquisition of the Philippines can hardly
be overestimated. The cities of the Pa
cific Coast would be first to feel the bene
fit, and In virtue of relative contiguity
should secure a very great proportion of
the traffic that will grow up between the
islands and their protector, the Govern
ment of the United States.— Seattle Dally
Times.
It Is conceded by the European powers
that the United States has the right, if
she chooses to exercise it, to retain pos
session of the Philippine Islands. The
only advantage possession would give us
would be a base of supplies in the far
Pacific In case of another war; but out
lying possessions of that character are
usually very expensive In times of peace
and may become a source of weakness
rather than of strength In time of war.—
Seattle Post-Intelligencer.
The question of the disposition of this
conquest presents opportunity for plenty
of hard work on the part of the State
Department, and Is one that will doubt
less be handled very gingerly.— Oceanside
Bee.
There will soon be a radical change in
this situation. The United States will be
in a position to challenge Europe for com
mercial supremacy in countries on the
other side of the Pacific. The American
motto will be "A full share of the world's
commerce, and the lion's share if we can
get it."— Greater Los Angeles.
The general sentiment in Los Gatos is
in favor of making them a colonial pos
session of America.— Los Gatos News.
There is a possibility that the United
States will hold these islands as an in
demnity for the war, and there are many
who urge that we should annex them per
manently. It is more probable, however,
that they will be turned over to Jap*"
or some other county that will be wiliine
to make good our war expenses.— Hemet
News.
The seizure of the Philippines by the
Americans is apt to give rise to irritating
compile ations that may not be easily set
tled. Since the sum and substance of the
Monroe doctrine which we have pro;
claimed is "America for Americans,
might not European nations turn our
doctrine upon us transposed in the follow
ing form, "Only America for Americans?
Calaveras Prospect.
Our country should come out of this
fight without the suspicion even of being
a land grabber. We can afford to give
the whole world a lesson along this line
especially the greedy, grasping nations or
Europe. The United States should retain
through all the exalted and advanced
position that it is not territorial aggran
dizement that we seek and light for, but
humane and civilized government and
freedom of life and conscience to every
one.— Visalia Daily Times.
The argument f that the United States
would add to their puissance among the
powers by the annexation of Hawaii has
not been strengthened by Commodore
Dewey's victory and the practical pos
session of the Philippines. The fact is
that the nation without islands is getting
the better of the nation that possesses
them. Spain's islands furnish points or
attack for her enemies. By putting our
selves in the position which Spain now
occupies by seizing and holding her >vest
Indian and holding her East Indian de
pendencies, we should accept her disabil
ities.—Virginia City Chronicle.
■ ♦ » *—
EUROPEAN CELEBRITIES.
Nearly all the statues of Goethe scat
tered throughout Germany represent the
poet as he appeared between 50 and 60
years of age. Leipsic is now about to
erect a statue of Goethe in memory' of
the three years which he spent as a stu
dent at the University of Leipsic, from
1765 to 1768. It Is to cost 30,000 marks, and
will be unveiled on August 28 next, the
150 th anniversary of Goethe's birth.
The magnificent tomb of the late Duke
of Clarence, in the Albert Chapel at
Windsor Castle, will soon be completed.
Upon the lid of the beautiful Mexican
onyx sarcophagus containing the coffin
there is to be placed a recumbent statue
of the deceased, and the royal burial
place will be surrounded by handsome
bronze railings.
In order to marry a girl of whom his
family disapproved a young German
count, Finck yon Finckenstein, some time
ago obtained the permission of the Em
peror to change his name to Stein. After
his marriage, however, he continued to
use his former name, and he has just
been fined for the "illegal use of a title
of nobility."
The Sultan of Turkey is to be the re
cipient of a novel gift from the Emperor
of Germany in the shape of a handsome
and excellently trained war dog, at pres
ent attached to a regiment of the garri
son in Berlin. The two officers who have
trained the animal will convey it to Con
stantinople this month.
The Prince of Monaco, who excused
himself from discharging his duties as an
officer of the Spanish navy, is a recog
nized authority on oceanography, upon
which subject he has promised to deliver
a lecture before the members of the
Royal Geographical Society, in London,
at an early date.
THE REICHSTAG ELECTIONS.
The German Government has at last
made the official announcement of the
date of the general elections. It is fixed
for June 16. The delay in setting the day
is said to be owing to the hope that the
Conservative factions mlgnt agree upon
some formidable course against the grow
ing power of the Socialists. However, no
tangible union has been possible between
those who oppose the Socialist party, as
their Interests lie in such opposed quart
ers. The present Reichstag, which was
elected June 15, 1893, goes out of office
June 15, IS9S, hence the Government
placed the day of the new elections as
distant as possible. A majority vote <»
required to elect a member *.o the Reich
stag, and as in many constituencies there
are three or four candidates in the field,
it is quite likely that not more than 2uo
out of the 397 Deputies will at once have
seats. The seats where no majorities
have been obtained will be contested a
fortnight later in the Stichwahlen. As
has been said before, the Socialists ex
pect to increase their number of seats
from 48 to 70. But the Agrarian Reac
tionary Association is spending a great
deal of money and has placed candidates
in 250 constituencies. If the Conservative
landowners can elect only 100 of these
they will be able on certain questions .to
manipulate a majority against the yon
Hohenlohe Government, which will force
the Chancellor to retire \inless tho Em
peror comes to his rescue with the im
perial prerogative.
BOATS OF HIGH SPEED.
The Russian Government has ordered
of a British firm two 3S-knot torpedo
boats on the model of the Turbinia, and
propelled with turbine motors working: on
four shafts, each of which carries three
propellers. This is eight knots faster than
the fastest torpedo-boat destroyers in the
British navy. Just how much courage is
required on the part of the naval archi
tect who signs his name to a contract for
a 38-knot boat— thirty-eight knots is forty
four miles an hour — is evident from a
comparison of figures. The 300-ton "de
stroyers" require 6000 horse-power to drive
them at thirty knots an hour. At these
high speeds the resistance of the water
increases as something more than the
cube of the speed. The cube of thirty
eight is more than double the cube of
thirty, and hence the 6000 horse-power of
a 300-ton destroyer would have to be
raised to over 12,000 to enable her to catch
one of the new torpedo-boats. But 12,000
horse-power reciprocating engines of the
common type, with the necessary boiler
and coal, would sink a 300-ton torpedo
boat, supposing they could Da Btowed
away in her hold. Evidently, then, a
sped of thirty-eight knots involves a radi
i-al change in the accepted methods of
propulsion. — Scientific American.
SOME CUBAN PILOTS.
Here are some facts about the Cuban
pilots who are engaged upon the vessels
of the American blockading squadron in
Cuban waters:
Captain Charles Silva, one of the Cuban
pilots of the New York, has had a decid
edly interesting career. For twelve years
he has been a pilot in Cuban and Florida
waters. He is a Cuban sympathizer of
the most pronounced type, and holds a
commission as captain in the insurgent
army. For many months he was em
ployed as pilot of filibustering expedi
tions and proved quite successful. He
piloted the Dauntless, Three Friends.
Bermuda, Larada and other famous fili
busters. He made twenty-seven trips
to the island in that way, and was chased
by United States revenue cutters nearly
every time. Three times he was captured
and tried—twice at Jacksonville and once
in Key West. He was acquitted, a fact
he relates with a knowing wink. Early
this year he went to Cuba and joined
the insurgent army, with the rank of
captain, spending two months and fifteen
clays in the service. As a pilot for fili
busters he made $155 per month, but
now he gives his service to the Govern
ment for a mere pittance. When pros
pect of war breaking out became assured
the Cuban Junta a: New York sent for
him, and he entered their employ. He
was taken down to Washington and
offered to Secretary Long as an experi
enced pilot. The secretary had Silva'3
record carefully investigated, and becom
ing satisfied of his usefulness, gave him
letters to Admiral Sampson. He was at
once taken aboard and has served faith
fully In the blockade work. Juan Santos,
the other Cuban pilot aboard the New
York, is a great friend of Silva. The two
served together quite frequently on fili
bustering expeditions.
THE ASTUTE WHiSTLER.
While Whistler was at West Point,
there was, in addition to the regular cadet
mess, a private mess for twelve, of whom
Whistler was one, at the house of an
army officer's widow. One day the cadets
conceived the idea of having a little sport
at the landlady's expense. The first cadet
who came to the table said, as he sat
down. "Good morning. Mrs. . There
is a cat on the roof of your house." The
second cadet repeated the remark, except
that he varied "it by saying. "There are
two cats on the roof of your house.
Each cadet added a cat, until, when
Whistler, who was the last to arrive, sat
down, he said gravely and with much
concern, "Good morning Mrs. -" .
There are twelve cats on tne roof of your
house." During the next meal Whistler
found under his napkin a billet notifying
him that his presence at the mess was no
longer desired. Being, however, averse
to returning to the general mess. Whist
ler hit upon a plan to regain the widow's
good will. After dinner he planted him
self in front of a portrait of her late
lamented, which hung in the parlor, and
appeared lost in admiration of it. When
he heard the widow entering he began
descanting, as if to himself, yet loud
enough for h«-r to hear, upon the virtues
of the deceased, winding up with this
exclamation; "To think that West Point
should have produced stich a man, and
that we have his portrait here to remind
us of what we ourselves may attain to'"
This touched the widow so deeply that
Whistler was re-established in her good
graces — and the mess. — Chap Book.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
HARRIET LANE— B., City. Mrs. Hen
ry Elliott Johnston, formerly Harriet
Lane, niece of the late James Buchanan,
President of the United States, Is living
in Baltimore, lid.
WIVES OF PRESIDENTS— Broderiek
Street. City. Mrs. Julia Gardiner Tyler,
second wife of President Tyler, died in
Richmond, Va., July 10. 188§; Mrs. Sarah
Childress Polk, wife of James K. Polk,
President of the United States, died Au
gust 16, 1891, at Nashville, Term.
A COLONIAL, BILL— M. T. 1., City. The
description of the colonial bill a?ked
about is too indefinite to admit of an
answer. You possibly will be able to
obtain the information desired by show
ing- the bill to C. P. Wilcomb. the curator
of the museum in Golden Gate Park.
INCOME TAX— S., Livermore, Cal. This
department does not furnish ideas for de
baters for the reason that those who
wish to debate a question should furnish
their own ideas. If this department fur
nishes such and they are used by the
debater they are the ideas of Answers to
Correspondents and not those of the de
bater. Cyclopedias will furnish all the
data required upon which to base an ar
gument.
THE INFANTA— J. M. C, Albina, Or.
It was Princess Eulalie, infanta of Spain.
sister of Alphonso XII. father of the
present boy King, who visited the Colum
bian exposition, held in Chicago in 1593.
She came to this country as the repre
sentative of the Queen Regent of Spain,
landing in the United States May 18 of
that year.
MAHER'S DEFEATS— G. 8., City.
Prior to the close of 1597 Peter Maher. the
pugilist, was defeated March 2. 1802, at
New Orleans by Bob Fitzsimmons in two
rounds; December 8. 1892, by Joe Godolard
In three rounds before the Coney Island
Club- October 5. 1594. in a fight with Peter
Courtney at Philadelphia. He quit in the
second round, ami February 21. 1896. he
was defeated in one round in Mexico by
Bob Fitzsimmons.
A MATTER OF CHOICE— L. M. J..
City. This correspondent asks: "Has an
alien, who is not a citizen of the Unlteu
States, the right to claim his son, born
in the United States and who is of age,
as a foreign subject?" The answer to
that question is that after the age of
majority has been attained by a boy, and
21 is the age of majority in the United
States, the father loses parental control
over his son. In the case cited the boy
is a native of the United States and a
citizen thereof by virtue of his nativity,
but on attaining his majority he could
elect whether he would be a citizen of tho
United States or a citizcr of the country
to which the father owes allegiance.
After the boy had attained his majority
the father could not claim him as a cit
izen of a foreign country, as the choice
of citizenship is purely a personal priv
ilege.
THE PLOUGHMAN-A. S.. City. The
following is given as some or the trans
positions of the line from Gray's Elegy,
"The Ploughman Homeward PJods His
Weary Way":
The weary ploughman plods his homeward
way.
The weary ploughman homeward plods his
way.
The ploughman, weary, plods his homeward
way.
The ploughman, weary, homeward plods his
way.
Weary, the ploughman plods his homeward
way.
Weary, the ploughman homeward plods his
wn y .
Homeward, the ploughman plods his weary
way.
Homeward the ploughman, weary, plods his
way.
Homeward the weary ploughman plods his
way.
Homeward plods the weary ploughman his
way.
Tho homeward ploughman, weary, plods his
way.
The homeward ploughman plods his weary
way.
THERMOMETERS —T. B. J.. City.
The Fahrenheit thermometer is com
monly used in the United States and in
Great Britain; the Reaumur in Germany
and the Celsius or Centigrade in France.
The last named is almost exclusively
used by scientific men of all nations. The
relations of the scales of these three in
struments is shown by the following fig
ures:
Fahrenheit 0 32 77 122 213
Reaumur 0 IS M JJ
Centigrade 0 25 50 100
In the Fahrenheit scale the freezing
.point is 32 degrees and the boiling point
212 degrees, so that the space between
these is divided into 212—32. or ISO equal
parts or degrees. In the others the
freezing point is zero, but the boiling
point is SO degrees and 100 degrees re
spectively. It is easy to reduce from
one of these scales to another, thus:
What is the centigrade reading for 77 de
grees Fahrenheit" The numbers in the
Fahrenheit scale are all too great by 32.
because 32 degrees and not 0 degree
stands for the freezing point; subtract
this 32 from 77 and there is 4n. Hence the
required number of centigrade degrees
must bear the same ratio to the 100 from
freezing to boiling in that scale that the
45 bear to the ISS degrees between the
same limits in Fahrenheit. Similar pro
cess as to the Reaumur scale.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lt> at Townsend'i.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tb«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Trunks valises, alligator bags, telescop«
baskets, Mexican carved leather belts and
pookotbooks. We offer as inducements
the largest variety and the lowest prices
in the city. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market street. •
SCIENTISTS BARRED OUT.
Apropos of the recent meeting in Wash
ington of the National Academy of Sci
ences, Dr. Marcus Benjamin says in the
Scientific American: "That such eminent
scientists as David A. Wells and Edward
Atkinson among economists, David Starr
Jordan and Henry F. Osborn among nat
uralists. Daniel G. Brlnton and Franz
Boas among ethnologists and William
Harkness and James E. Keeler among as
tronomers, are not admitted to the acad
emy is a most unfortunate fact."
Nothing contributes more to digestion than
the use of Dr. Sieoeht's Angostura Bitturs.
See that you get the genuine.
MOKI TEA POSITIVELY CUKES SICK
headache, indigestion and constipation. A de
lightful herb drink. Removes all eruptions of
the skin, producing a perfect complexion, or
money refunded. At No Percentage Pharmacy.SOLDIERS ABOUT TO START FOR MANILA.
General Merriam Ready to Announce the
Disposition of the Assembling
Troops.
The Charleston Preparing to Sail To-night- Generous
Gift Made to the Volunteers by H. F.
Fortman.
Important orders relating to the I
detail of troops for the Manila ex- ]
pedition have been prepared by
Major-General Merriam, but he has
decided that they ought not to be
ruade public before General Otis,
U. S. A., is seen and consulted. When
the two leaders confer and exchange
views some changes may be suggest- i
cd. It is believed that the Four
teenth United States Infantry, four I
troops of the Fourth United States
Cavalry and. two regiments of Cali
fornia Volunteer Infantry will be i
embraced in the troops of the First
.^vision of the Manila Army Corps.
Several batteries of the Third United
States Artillery may go with the
first column for the Philippines.
General Merriam expected to meet
General Otis last night, but the lat- j
ter had not arrived ac a late hour.
General H. C. Merriam, comtnanding
the departments of California and the
Columbia, arrived from Vancouver Bar
racks yesterday morning. He was ac
::nied by First Lieutenant John B.
Bennett, Seventh United States Infan
try, aid and engineer officer. The arrival
of the commanding general is timely, as'
it was very clear to the common ci
vilian mind that the presence of some
one in unquestioned authority was
needed in San Francisco. It is non
sense to say that everything has been
going along with the precision of clock
work. In the best regulated military
machine there is bound to be a slip
now and then, but there have been a
good many slips since the troops were
ordered to this station. It is common
talk among army officers that Major-
General Miles or Secretary Alger, in
preparing for the Manila expedition
simply instructed an officer at this sta
tion to engage transportation for Ma
nila. It was not explained whether
the transportation was designed for use
nt Manila or to carry troops and sup
plies thither. There was no limit to
the volume or no designation of the
kind of transportation required. Under
the order the officer might have en
gaged transportation for one hundred
: ■• twenty thousand.
Word comes from the East that the
< rovenunent is buying mules in Balti
more for the Department of California.
The mules can be bought here for about
the cost of shipping them across the
continent.
Great delight is expressed in naval
and military circles over the news from
■Washington that President McKinley
has abolished the Board of Strategy
and relieved Schiey and Sampson from
irritating and confusing instructions.
Now if the right kind of a soldier could
be placed at the head of the army the
work of organizing and equipping the
troops would go forward with military
precision. A vast number of people
fancy that either Alger or Miles should
be abolished and quite a good many
entertain the opinion that the country
could spare both for a prolonged vaca
tion or until the termination <>f hostili
ties. The war may not develop a
Grant, a Sherman or Sheridan in the
first campaign, but the right man will
no doubt come forward at the proper
time.
The troops encamped at the Presidio
v.-ili read the following announcement
•with satisfaction:
San Francisco, May 16, 1898.
Lieutenant J. E. Nolan,
Fourth United States Cavalry,
Post Commissary Officer, Presi
dio — Dear Sir: Believing that
canned salmon would prove a
welcome addition to the army
rations, we take the liberty of
sending you 4800 cans of King
salmon, which you will please
distribute among the troops at
your post.
Messrs. Gray Bros, of this
city have kindly agreed for the
transportation of the goods to
your commissary store. Yours
truly,
Alaska Packers' Association,
HENEY F. FORTMANN.
President.
Mr. Fortmann's patriotic generosity
■will surely be appreciated by. all the
regular and volunteer soldiers on the
Presidio reservation. The prodigality
of the offering insures a supply for
every enlisted man and .commissioned
officer of the entire command. In this
banquet of salmon the three arms of
the service — artillery, infantry and cav
alry—are the welcome guests of Henry
Fortmann, whose example should
speak to other leading- citizens of San
Francisco.
The hope is expressed that some
steps will be taken by the people of
San Francisco to give the Colorado,
Minnesota, Nebraska, Kansas, Utah,
Wyoming and Dakota troops a good,
hot, substantial meal on their arrival
In this town after a fatiguing journey
by rail across the mountains and des
ert. The officers of the army who
ought to be advised as to the number
of men coming and the time of their
errival had not up to last night been
bo advised. It is probable that the
regiments on leaving their respective
points of rendezvous inform the author
ities in Washington of their departure,
but there does not seem to be sufficient
intelligence or system in Washing-ton
to Impart such information to the mili
tary authorities here. The troops
would be properly cared for on their
arrival in San Francisco If Governor
Budd, Mayor Phelan or the Red Cross
Society were informed concerning the
movement of trains carrying the regi
ments.
So far as The Call can now judge
from conflicting reports the Wyoming
battalion of infantry, consisting of
eleven officers and 326 enlisted men,
will arrive here late to-night or early
to-morrow morning. Two companies of
the Fourteenth United States Infantry
Should arrive here from Portland early
Thursday morning. Two battalions of
the Second Regiment of Oregon volun
teer Infantry left Portland last evening
fend will get here Wednesday morning..
It is said that the Nebraska troops will
arrive here next Friday.
Yesterday Major McCarthy, brigade
surgeon of volunteers, detailed Dr.
Rethers of the First 'and Dr. Robley of
the Seventh California for duty at the
brigade hospital. lieutenant-Colonel
Duboce of the First California yester
day made application to have the
troops paid before their departure for
Manila, There is a good chance of suc
cess in the enterprise.
Adjutant-General A. W. Barrett of
California yesterday received a mes
sage from "General H. C. Merriam of
the Department of California and the
Columbia requesting that 554 new uni
forms, the property of the State, be
turned over to the heavy artillery <->f
California Volunteers and made a
charge against United States. Upon
the receipt of the message General
Barrett proceeded to comply with the
request, and the uniforms will be
turned over to the heavy artillery to
day.
Lieutenant Sydney A. Cloman, I . P.
A. chief commissary of the expedition
to the Philippine Islands, has already
commenced making preparations for
the laying in of stores for feeding the
troops to Manila, and says that so far
as his department is concerned there
will be no delay in sailing, as every
precaution will be taken to have the
supplies ready in time.
CAMP ROUTINE
AFTER THE RAIN
A Battalion of Wyoming
Volunteers May Ar
rive To-Night.
When reveille sounded in the camp at
i the Presidio yesterday there was every
prospect of the soldiers having to endure
another day of rain, but the wind spransr
!up from the "West and scattered the
I clouds that threatened a continuation of
the night's downpour. By night that
portion of the cavalry parade ground
i where are pitched the tents was in a fair
jly good condition. The camps were given
a thorough system of drainage by the
means of ditches dug along the company
i streets, so that the only water to be seen
! was in the large ponds along the north
ern edge of the camp by tne side of the
bay.
T"he signal corps held Its first drill yes
terday. Colonel Miles, division signal
officer, Is very anxious to organize the
corps and recruit it up to forty men, tak
ing an equal amount of men. from the
First and Seventh Regiments.
Lieutenant John M. Neall of the Fourth
United States Cavalry has been notified
by Major Field that a battalion of Wy
oming volunteers left Cneyenne Sunday
for San Francisco. The battalion should
arrive here to-day. He was also further
notified late in the afternoon that the
First Regiment of Nebraska volunteers
left Lincoln at 4 o'clock yesterday after
noon. The regiment ■will arrive here
Friday. Lieutenant Neall has as yet re
ceived no instructions as to where the
men are to camp, but in all probability
they will be located upon the slope south
of the cavalry parade grounds.
Major McCarthy has been notified by
Major Field, U. S. A., of his official ap
pointment as brigade surgeon.
The representatives of the Red Cross
Society made a donation to the First
Regiment yesterday of forty packages of
standard novels.
The band of the Seventh Regiment was
examined yesterday and sworn in. The
surgeons of the First, Seventh and Sixth
Regiments were busy yesterday examin
ing the muster rolls for the purpose of a
final certification as to the physical con
dition of the men before forwarding the
rolls to Major Field.
Lieutenant Cloman. U. S. A., has re
ceived Instructions from the War De
partment at Washington to see that the
troops going to Manila are supplied with
fresh meat. Lieutenant Cloman will carry
along with the troops many heads of
noat. Lieutenant Cloman will carry
with the troops many heads of
steers and sheep, as well as fowls.
General Merriam, accompanied by Ma
jor White, made an informal visit to camp
about 2:30 o'clock yesterday afternoon
just to take a look at things and see how
affairs were running. If the general had
any information as to when the first
troops will leave for Manila he kept it
secreted up his sleeve. He would commit
himself by no statements whatsoever,
although he looked exceedingly wise.
hen ho reached the camp • and
as soon tas the fact that he
was on the grounds was generally
known Colonels Smith and Johnson called
to informally pay their respects. General
Merriam and Colonel Smith Went over to
the camp of the Fourteenth Infantry,
where they were received most cordially
by. Major Robe. The officers witnessed
the battalion drill of the Fourteenth,
which was then in progress.
General Merriam expressed himself as
much pleased with the camp and the way
that it was being conducted. He and Ma
jor White made an extensive and thor
ough examination of the Presidio grounds
with the view of finding suitable locations
for the troops that are yet to arrive. The
officers of the troops now encamped at
the Presidio will call upon the general to
day for the purpose of paying their for
mal respects.
Private Sanfred Sanderson of Company
C of the Fourteenth Infantry, who was
arrested for. discharging his gun in camp
last week, was tried yesterday and sen
tenced to fifteen days' hard work and to
lose one month's pay.
Rev. Alfred L. Brewer, an old friend of
Major Robe, called upon that officer yes
terday to renew the friendship of their
youth, which was begun forty years ago
They were seated In front of the major's
tent talking over old times when a lady,
accompanied by a volunteer corporal and
a young lady, came up and asked Rev.
Mr. Brewer if he would go with them to
the Presidio chapel and baptize the young
soldier. This the clergyman gladly con
sented to do, and the beautifully "sacred
ceremony was performed with only Major
Robe, the mother and the young lady as
witnesses.
Lieutenant Hunt, the recruiting officer
of the Fourteenth Infantry, is getting in
new men for his command every day
While the men are not enlisting as rap
idly as had been expected or desired, yet
the lieutenant is in hopes of securing
enough recruits to fill up the two skele
ton companies and make the two new j
companies that it is the Intention of the
Government to add to the Fourteenth.
The two companies of the Fourteenth
that have been ordered here from Alaska
will probably reach San Francisco and
go into camp here about the last of this
Major McCarthy was In the city yes
terday In consultation with the chief med
ical officers' department, and he made ar
rangement for three months' supplies of
medicine. Acting under orders from
Major White, > Major McCarthy-, yesterday
Issued an order to the regimental sur
geons instructing them to send their chief
hospital steward to Fort Mason every
evening: from 6 to 8 o'clock, where they
will be instructed by the United States
army chief hospital steward in the prep
aration and uses of papers Jn the United
States - army medical department • service.
Health Officer: A. P. O'Brien of San
Francisco was yesterday mustered in as
assistant captain surgeon of .the First
Regiment. He is a great friend of Major
McCarthy and Captain Rethers, and when
he saw - thoee > officers ■• in i their < new uni
forms be could no longer resist the | temp
THE SA!N FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 17, 1898.
tation, and as an additional surgeon was j
allowed the regiment, he decided to en- j
list and link his fortunes with the Man
i|a expedition. His office will be tempo- j
rarily lllled during his absence.
It was expected that the two other bat
tallons of the First Regiment of Oregon :
Volunteers will arrive here this week.
Colonel Yoran said yesterday that he
thought that Colonel Summers had
left Portland last night, and in that
case the battalions should arrive in San
Francisco to-morrow or Thursday.
Corporal Nicholson of Company B has
been presented with a very handsome
gold medal by his former employers, New
man & L,evinson.
The life insurance men have been in
festing the camp like the busy bee around
the bung hole of a molasses barrel. They
are exceedingly energetic in their efforts
to insure every man in the camp in the
only reliable company doing business on
earth. They are cutting corners apainst
each other, and saying any but nice things
of each other when thf.ir backs are
turned. Yesterday a certain well-known
insurance man spoke disparagingly of a
rival company, and when the representa
tive of the rival company heard of it he
sought out the first insurance man, and
Hashing a check of a very large denomi
nation in his face made him retract, his
statements. Colonel Smith found it neces
sary to have the camp cleared of the in
surance men.
SATURDAY IS
NOW THE DAY
Another Week Added to
the Sailing Date of
the Transports.
Saturday is now considered the earliest
date upon which the first of the troop
ships for the Philippines can sail. The
Peking- will be ready before that time,
but the troops will not, so despite the or
ders from Washington to embark yester
day the troops will still linger at the
camp on the Presidio grounds.
Progress on the Australia is more rapid
than upon the Peking, but the Peking
will be the first to leave, for she will take
supplies as well as troops. The owners
of the Conemaugh and the Ohio have
become tired of waiting for the Govern
ment to decide whether or not it would
charter their ships, and so they have sent
them up to the sound to be fitted out for
the Klondike trade this summer. The City
ot Sydney is also undergoing repairs, and
she will have to take on a full supply of
coal after she is in shape for transport
service. The Senator and the St. Paul,
both new steamers, built at the Union
Iron Works, ;tre being talked of by the
Government. but nothing definite has" been
done. In the meantime the Senator is
being loaded for her first trip on the
north coast route. Ear-h of these vessels
can easily carry at least six. hundred
men.
It is expected the Charleston will
get away some time today. She has been
waiting for stores, but just what stores
she is waiting fur that cannot be pur
chased here is not known by those who
will tell, but it is surmised that perhaps
some of Dewey's instruments, or some of
the compasses of the fleet have been in
jured by the concussion of the guns dur
ing the great fight at Manila, and new
ones must come from the Naval Obser
vatory at Washington.
Lieutenant Commander Thomas S.
Phelps, who has been on duty at the
naval rendezvous in this city, has been
ordered to duty with the Asiatic squad
ron. He will sail on the Peking, and it ia
understood he yrill be assigned to the Ral
eigh as executive officer.
The old sloop-of-war Mohican, after
having her guns stripped from her, has
suddenly given evidences of a capability
to fight. She has been painted the war
color, and as there was no need for
painting her unless there be service ahead
for her, It is believed that she, too, will
be given some work, probably in the sup
ply or patrol service.
By the middle of this month the Far
ragut will be ready to launch, and as she
will slide from the ways practically fin
ished it will not be long before she will
be put on active service. The Wisconsin
will have to wait for armor plate, and
when she will be ready is an unsolved
problem. The Fearless, now the Iroquois,
the Vigilant and the Active will be ready
to receive their guns by the end of this
week, but it is not at all certain that they
will get them by that time. The deck
house of the Vigilant has been lowered a
little and the boilers of the Active have
been braced in one or two spots where
bracing was needed, but the Fearless was
left untouched. The character of the guns
which will be mounted on the tugs is not
yet known except to this extent — they will
not be modern guns. It is probable that
their armaments will consist of whatever
can be picked up and made to answer for
service.
THE MANILA
EXPEDITION
Extra Rush on the Work
of Getting Ships Ready
to Carry Troops.
The steamers Australia, City of Sydney
and City of Peking, recently chartered
by the War Department, are being rap-
Idly fitted to carry troops to the Philip
pine Islands. Captain Oscar F. Long,
chief quartermaster of the Department
of California, is supervising the work of
preparation, and with the valuable as
sistance he is receiving from the owners
of the vessels expects to have them ready
for the long voyage by next Saturday
morning.
As aJmost the entire interior of the
three vessels will have to be remodeled,
the undertaking is of greater magnitude
than was at first anticipated; besides, the
great distance to be sailed and the large
number of troops to be carried by each
steamer will necessitate the furnishing of
increased ventilation and building of ex
tra galleys. The work, however, is being
hurried as fast as possible. Gangs of
ship-carpenters and other mechanics are
Ihnployed night and day without cessa
tion to complete the vessels for the trip.
The 'making of mattresses and other
bedding for the equipment of the vessels
is also going ahead, and there is no doubt
of Captain Long having everything in
readiness for the sailing of the steamers
some time next Saturday.
The City of Peking when completed will
accommodate at least 1350 men. The num
ber to be carried by the Australia and
City of Sydney ha« not yet been esti
mated. If the chartered vessels were
required to carry only the usual number
of passengers they would have been pre
pared to start at a day's notice, or at
least as soon as the necessary amount of
coal could be taken on. The delay is
caused altogether because of the great
number of changes being made to carry
a larger number of passengers than was
anticipated when the vessels were built.
The great distance to be traversed— about
6500 miles— is perhaps the longest voyage
ordered for United States troops; there
fore special precaution is being taken to
see that the men do not suffer for want
of proper ventilation. Everything is
being arranged to make the trip of twen
ty-five days with as little inconvenience
to the troops as possible.
A FITTING
TESTIMONIAL
Presentation to Three Vol
unteers From Wells,
Fargo & Co.
The employes of Wells, Fargo & Co.
yesterday paid a munificent tribute to
three of their fellows — Captain E. C. Sut
liffe, R. S. Mudge and F. F. Silcox— who
have enlisted in the army.
■ The three young men had been request
ed to pay a visit to ; the office and . say.
good -by ; to their old friends. When they
arrived they found all the employes as
sembled in the hallway, on the ■; second
floor, which was suitably decorated in
red, white and blue. As the three soldiers
approached the company drew up * to
gether in the form of a horseshoe; while
the familiar , strains of "America" , from
400 throats made . walls ■ and rafters ring.
r Aaron Stein, assistant to < the president
of the company ,; then made a stirring pa
triotic speech, .at the • close of : which be
presented Captain Sutliffe with a hand
some gold-mounted sword, bearing the
inscription: "Presented to Captain E. C.
Sutliffe, Company G, First California In
fantry, United States Volunteers, by his
friends in the employ of Wells, Fargo &
Co. San Francisco, California, May 16,
18P8." Captain Sutliffe attempted a short
reply, but his words were almost drowned
in the chorus of ringing cheers; in fact, ''
cheers were the chief part of the cere- i
mony.
Presentations of camp kits to the other
two volunteers were then made, after
v.-hich Mr. Stein gave a few words of ad
vice, concluding as follows:
May God bles« you and throw hfa almighty
shield of protection about you in every dire
extremity. Confiding serenely in the right
eousness of your cause, attested by the high
est authorities of this and other lands, never
forget or neglect to invoke his aid and ac
knowledge his blessing, whether in camp err
on the perilous fleid of battle, and wherever
you are led may the flag of. -our country, up
borne by you,
"In triumph still wave
O"er the land of the free and the home of the
brave!"
At the close of the ceremonies all filed
up for a parting hand-shake. Captain
Sutßffe has been in the employ of the
company for about twelve years, and
Messrs. Mudge and Silcox about five
years. All the employes were granted a
half-holiday in honor of the occasion.
STREETCAR MEN
ARE ORGANIZING
Conductors and Gripmen
Forming a Volunteer
Company.
The streetcar employes of the city are
organizing a company of volunteers,
which they hope to make the best com
pany on the coast. There are a number
of conductors and gripmen in the city
who have seen service in the regular
army, and the aim is to have as many of
these enlist as will and to fill the rolls
of the company from other streetcar
men, choosing them for their physical
qualifications.
The Sutter and California street car
systems have agreed to allow their men
to go on leave of absence,' promising them
their places again on return from the
\v;ir. The Market-street system will
probably do the same, as the matter was
laid before Mr. Yining, and he said he
would take it under consideration and
give his decision in a couple of days.
General W. H. L. Barnes is sponsor for
the company, and is receiving enlistments
at his office, 50-53 Crocker building. Thirty
men have already signed the roll, sig
nifying their intention to enlist, and it
is expected that the company will have
its full quota within a few days. Any
stretcar conductor or grlpman who de
sires to join the company sTiould send his
application in as early as possible.
Oakland Knights Are Or
ganized.
OAKLAND, May 16.— The Oaklanfl Light
Cavalry was organized to-night in Judge
Cliffs courtroom. About forty of the
best-known young men in this city took
the oath of allegiance and swore to hold
themselves in readiness for a call from
the Government. The roll contains the
following names: K. B. Avers, C. F.
Pugh. Abe P. Leach, Harry Thomas. Man
ton Campbell, Dr. J. M. Medros, Sherman
McDowell, B. F. Boyden, A. A. Moore Jr.,
Frank C. Jordan, H. L. Farr, George F.
Pierce, T. C. Watson. E. R. Jackson, R.
A. Jackson, H. B. Lombard, P. S. Black.
E. C. Lefflngwell, F. C. Clift, H. F. Pugh.
Clarence Crowell, Joseph Travers. W. K.
Pringle, C. D. Bates Jr., Beach Soule, C.
J. F. Johns, Harry Pulcifer, J. H. Dieck
man, A. M. Campbell. B. Dean, A. A.
Sawyer, Ben Woolner, Tom Bradly, Ralph
Bromley, George Austin, Dan F. Belden,
F. T. Dieckman.
The following officers were elected: Cap
tain. E. C. Lefflngwell; first lieutenants,
H. F. Pugh and A. A. Moore Jr.; second
lieutenants, Abe P. Leach; sergeants,
Marston Campbell, R. B. Ay<-r»; corporals,
C. F. Pugh, H. Thomas; quartermaster,
Sergeant C. C. Crowell.
War Incidents.
Surgeon William Martin, United States
Navy, yesterday received directions from
Washington to report to Mare Island for
duty at the United States recruiting ren
dezvous, San Francisco. Dr. Martin re
cently tendered his services to the sur
geon-general.
Major-General Dickinson, division com
mander of the N. G. C, announces the
receipt of reading matter contributions.
He suggests that such other donations in
this line as will be made should be sent
in during the next few days.
AN INSTANTANEOUS SUCCESS.
O'Brien's Great Consolidation Sale
Captures the Town.
To say that J. J. O'Brien & Co.'s
gigantic consolidation sale has taken the
town by storm gives but a faint idea of
the tremendous outpouring of buyers that
yesterday packed their mammoth estab
lishment at the junction of Market, Jones
and McAllister streets in response to the
announcement that their L"» Angeles
store had been closed and the stock
shipped here for clearance regardless of
sacrifice, and the goods are truly being
sacrificed, as the magnitude of the stock
taken in conjunction with the enormous
regular stock of their San Francisco
store creates an overplusage* of spring
and summer goods that compels the firm
to utterly disregard values in their ef
forts to force out the goods berore the
buying season is past.
Space does not permit enumeration of
the thousand and one bargains that are
offered, but they Include everything new
and fashionable in dress goods, silks,
laces, ribbons, gloves, waists, jack
ets, capes, suits, dress skirts, hosiery,
corsets, underwear, men's furnishings
curtains, linens, wash fabrics, domestics
housefurnishings and the numberless'
other articles that constitute a first-class
dry goods stock, and the thousands of
eager buyers that yesterday crowded
every aisle proved how thoroughly the
ladies of San Francisco appreciate the
rare money-saving opportunity afforded
them. j>>-
W. F. HUMPHREY GOES OUT.
His Resignation Accepted by the
Coast Athletic Association.
William F. Humphrey, who for some
time has been a member of the Board of
Registration and Board of Governors of
the Pacific Coast Amateur Athletic Asso
ciation, has tendered his resignation to
that body, owing to a pressure of other
matters which demand his entire time.
Mr. Humphrey first tendered his resig
nation about a year ago, but on request
of the national association withheld it un
til matters of importance connected with
the association on this coast could be sat
isfactorily settled. This work is now
practically finished, and he again ten
dered his resignation. Yesterday a let
ter of acceptance was received from the
coast association, but the national body
has not yet been heard from. If the
resignation is accepted it is probable that
John Eliot, of the Olympic Club, will be
Mr. Humphrey's successor.
Illegal Fishing.
The deputies of the Fish Commission
who are running the new launch Quinnat
are making a good showing for their time.
Last week Deputy John Davis reported
that the crew caught Carl Russo and Joe
Scarfield catching small bass in San
Pablo Bay. They were taken to San Ra
fael, where they pleaded guilty and were
fined $20 each by Justice of the Peace
Wilcox. Another run was made near
Ellis Landing and a lot of nets and an
chors were confiscated. On Saturday the
crew caught ten Chinese and captured
two fishing Junks in San Pablo Bay. The
Mongolians were catching the small fish
prohibited by law.
The Rose Carnival this year at Santa
Risa. May 20, will surpass anything which
has yet been given in the State. In the
grand floral parade there will be an exact
reproduction of the United States cruiser
Newark and two monitors, from whose
guns will belch forth roses and bouquets.
There will be many new features and
roses galore. The Lniform Rank, Knights
of Pythias, which is in camp there, will
be in the parade. For this occasion the
San Francisco and North Pacific Railway
will make a round trip rate of $1. Leave
Tiburoa ferry at 7:30 ana 9 a. m. •
SCANDAL MAY
CAUSE SCHISM
Opening of the Long-
Pending Methodist
Church Trial.
Charges So Delicate That the
Lady Stenographer Was
Excused.
Charles Neall and Charles Armstrong
May Now Accuse the Pastor
of Evil. S
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, May 16.
The board of examination convened at
the Thirty-fourth street M. E. Church to
night to hear the charges against George
Neall and Charles Armstrong, and con
tinued in session until midnight. Only
three of twenty witnesses were exam
ined, but their testimony was such that
the lady stenographer had to be excused
and a gentleman substituted.
The chief witness was Mrs. Hattie
Long. The charges were riled by a friend
of hers, who tired of the scandal that
threatens to dismember the church. The
charge made specifically is that "on the
statements of their own making before
their pastor and wife, George Neall and
Charles Armstrong are guilty of making
proposals to one Hattie .Long, whicli re
flected upon her character," Every one
was excluded from the meeting except the
defendant, his attorney, and the scribe.
The witnesses were placed In the Sunday
school room and called as wanted.
Rev. A. T. Needham of the Eighth ave
nue M. E. church presided. The board
was to have consisted of seven menibers
of sister churches, but Mr. Willis of
Golden Gate and Mr. Pratt of the First
church of this city did not put in an ap
pearance. H. D. Talcott of the Ches
ter street church represented the defend
ants, and Mr. Needham the church.
The first witness was Rev. K. Francis
Brown, pastor of the church. Mrs. Long
was then examined as to the time and
events connected with the alleged in
sult. Mr. Neall followed and was on the
rack for a long time. His own admis
sion of the charge at a preliminary hear
ing is being made the most of by his
prosecutors. The affair has been a pub
lic scandal for a year and compromises
have bten made and broken numerous
times in order to keep the affair quiet.
The pastor is blamed by some and threats
are made against him by those under
charges. Charles Armstrong said to
night:
"Brown had better let this drop. I know
he had trouble in Winnemucca, New, and
I have been to Cloverdale and saw the
woman in the case. She will come here
if necessary."
Mr. Brown was told this, but refused to
do more than say: "That is all right."
The hearing will be continued and a
thorough investigation held. On the con
viction or acquittal of the defendants
will hang the fate of the church, for the
pastor's friends declare it an attempt to
run Mr. Brown out.
METZ ENDS HIS LIFE.
Drank Carbolic Acid in the Ross
House.
OAKLAND, May 16.— John Metz, who
was In Gates' tamale parlor with Grace
Galindo the night Eslabe killed Gates,
swallowed the contents of a bottle of car
bolic acid to-night in the Ross House.
Grace grabbed at him, but too late to
keep him from accomplishing the deed.
He then struck her with the bottle and
ran downstairs Into the street. The
woman followed and notified a police of
ficer of the affair. When found Metz
had reached the corner of Ninth and
Jefferson streets, where he dropped uead.
The Coroner was notified and the remains
taken to the Morgue.
ANOTHER ROAD
CUTS RATES
Northern Pacific Throws Down
the Gauntlet to the Ca
nadian Line.
The Great Northern of Oregon
Is Also in the
Field.
The Northern Pacific has thrown down
the gauntlet to the Canadian Pacific, and
there is every reason to believe that an
other lively passenger rate war is in
prospect. The Northern has cut the
transcontinental rates to New York to
$47 first class and $36 second class. To
Chicago the rate is now $43 50 and $32 50
for first and second class respectively,
and to St. Paul $32 and $21. The rates were
put in effect yesterday, by order of the
general passenger office, located in St.
Paul, Minn., and corresponding reduc
tions were made to other terminal points
on their line.
The Northern Pacific officials say that
this is the beginning of the end, and
they are now in the field to get some of
the business which has been absorbed
by and diverted to the Canadian Pacific
for some time past. They say that the
latter company, not satisfied with the
differentials of $7 50 and $o allowed it by
the Transcontinental Association in Cali
fornia alone, also applied similar differ
entials to business In Oregon and Wash
ington, although the association had re
fused to grant the concession previously.
When the Northern cut rates to equalize
these differentials the Canadian Pacific
then made a cut of 33 and 50 per cent, and
as a consequence they got all the busi
ness. It is possible that the differentials
will be abolished altogether, and if this
is done a merry rate war will undoubt
edly be the result.
Affairs were quite lively in the office of
the new bidders for patronage, and they
report a large sale at the reduced rates.
The Canadian officials are in no sense
disturbed at the course taken by their
rivals, for they say that their rates have
not been met by the other company. They
had not noticed any change in their busi
ness, and were under the impression that
the Northern would have- to make further
reductions to take trade away from
them.
The Great Northen of Oregon has also
decided to enter the field, and will re
sume the sale of orders on North Pacific
coast terminals to Eastern points at the
reduced rates in effect from these points.
It is not known whether the other Ameri
can roads will meet the reductions of the
northern roads, and no announcement
has as yet been made of such a course
on their part.
The Bailroad Again Sued.
Emma Wahlgren commenced suit yes
terday against the Market Street Railway
Company to recover $10,000 damages for
injuries received on March 22 last while
attempting to get out of the way of a car
that was being run into the roundhouse
on Sacramento street, n«?ar Walnut. In
trying to avoid the car, which was pass
ing over the sidewalk, she tripped and
fell, breaking her arm.
The Hardtmuth lead pencil is the best
in the world. Try the "Koh-I-Noor." •
"Welsh Society Social.
The third social of the Cymrodorian So
ciety of the State of California was held
at Cambrian Hall last night and an ex
cellent programme was rendered. Dr. H.
I. Jones delivered a learned address on
"The Vitality of the Welsh Language."
The exercises of the evening closed with
the singing of the "Welsh national hymn,
"Hen Wlad fy Nhadau," and "America."
The society is composed of natives of
ales, and Its object Is to promote inter
est in the literature and music of their
native land. , ■v - ,'. ; .;•-■ i
■—■ ♦ ■ —
LEAGUE OF REPUBLICAN CLUBS.
Executive Committee of the State
Organization Holds a Meeting.
The executive committee of the Califor
nia State League of Republican Clubs
held a meeting at the Union League rooms
last night. Those present were: Colonel
George Stone (chairman), Z. U. Dodge
(secretary), Asa R. Wells, C. B. Laumeis
ter, P. D. Worth, A. L. Hart, I. J. Tru
man and T. U. Collins.
The committee decided to hold a con
vention of the clubs at Golden Gate Hall
on Tuesday and Wednesday, May 31 and
June 1. On the former date a mass meet
ing will form one of the features of the
gathering, and delegates will be elected
to attend the national convention, which
meets in Omaha in June.
Colonel T. V. Eddy addressed the com
mittee ;ind the meeting adjourned to meet
next Monday evening.
ANNUAL SERVICES.
Junior Members of the League of the
Cross Attend Church in
a Body.
The annual services to the junior mem
bers of the League of the Cross Cadets
of the parish were held in Mission Do
lores Church last night. Preceding the
religious services Father P. O'Ryan, the
director of the League of the Cross, deliv
ered an eloquent address calling upon all
to live a life of temperance.
The Young Ladies' Sodality of the par
ish attended the services In a body. Some
of the members of the organization fur
nished the music, which was a prominent
feature of the evening, the singing being
especially good. Quite a large number of
the members of Company L of the ca
dets were also present in uniform, and
after the services distributed circulars
setting fort.'i the advantage of becoming
members of the league.
Mismated Married Couples.
Louisa Puttick has been granted a di
vorce from William Puttick on the
grounds of cruelty and intemperance.
Juijpe Dunne yesterday granted Caro
line M. Lynch a divorce from T. K.
Lynch on the ground of neglect.
Christine Hecht has begun suit for di
vorce against Joseph A. Hecht on the
ground of failure to provide. She also
asks to be awarded the custody of a
minor child, Hermine Hecht, aged 10
years.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STUDEBAKER
CLEARING
SALE I
THIRTY DAYS, beginning May 10th,
GREATEST SALE OF VEHICLES ever
made on the Pacific Coast.
LANDAUS AND BROUGHAMS,
VICTORIAS AND PHAETONS,
TRAPS AND BRAKES.
AH of the Studebaker reliable make, of-
fered regardless of cost.
We shall sell the stock of our Western
warehouses (now being closed), consist-
ing of MEDIUM GRADE
;arriages, buggies, phaetons,
spring wagons, road wagons,
Suitable for CITY or COUNTRY USE.
In this stock are vehicles at $50 to $75.
This great sale is made necessary by the
consolidation of two large stocks.
On every vehicle will appear, in plain
figures, the regular and the special price,
showing the great reductions made.
We invite inspection during this sale
from all interested in honestly made
work, no matter whether you expect to
buy or not. Come and see us.
" STUDEBAKER BROS.' MFG. CO.,
Market and Tenth Sts.
L. F. WEAVER, Manager.
P. & B. BUILDING PAPER
And P. & B. READY ROOFING.
Sold by all first-class dealers, are clean, odor- j
less, of great strength, reasonable in price and
easy to transport. They keep heat, cold, damp-
ness and dust "ut of buildings; are partlcu- I
larly adapted t.> Alaskan trade. PARAFFINE
PAINT CO.. nii Battery st. Tel. Main I>'3.
AMUSEMENTS.
A Great Bill of Rare Attractiveness. PIE-
TRO MARINO, Talented Violinist; MANHAT-
TAN COMEDY FOUR, America's Funniest
Singing Comedians: JEROME & BELL, Up-to-
Date Comedy: ISABELLA URQUHART. Sup-
ported by WILMKR & VINCENT; GEORGE
H FIELDING. MLLE. BARTHO, BOGART
& O'BRIEN, GRUET. BEERS <& GRUET and
KKRNKR'S VISION'S OF ART, New Subjects.
Reserved Seats, 2"c; Balcony, 10c; Opera Chairs
and Box Seats, 50c.
ALCAZAR BEAT pho b n y c .
AS GOOD AS EVER
YOUNG MRS. WINTHROP.
APPEALS TO ALL
Prices 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY
Sale of seats now on for LEWIS MORRISON,
opening Monday night in "YORICK'S LOVE."
A FINE GROUP OF SEA LIONS
Has Just Been Added tn the
ZOO AT THE CHUTES.
Pee the Bur'al of the "MAINE" SAILORS!
Battleship "IOWA" in Action and New Scenes
by the Animatoscope.
"VISIONS OF ART" AND ATTRACTIONS
GALORE'
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
10c to all, including: Zoo, etc. ; Children, sc.
THE KNEISEL QUARTETTE
RECEIVED WITH AN OVATION!
SECOND CHAMBER CONCERT
TO-MORROW (WEDNESDAY) EVENING.
SHERMAN, CLAY H/\l_L-,
Last Concert SATURDAY AFTER-
NOON, May 21.
Prices $2 and $1 80.
Sale of seats at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s, Sut-
ter and Kearny sts.
SAN FRANCISCO KENNEL CLUB.
BECOND ANNUAL
DOG SHOW!
BENEFIT CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL
MECHANICS' PAVILION,
MAY 18, 19, 20, 21, 1898.
$3500 in Trophies, Cash and Cups
OPEN FROM
10 A. M. to 10 P. M. Dally.
' BBS MARTIN'S PERFORMING DOGS.
ADMISSION ...50c I
CHILDREN ........25c.
BENEFIT OF RED CROSS SOCIETY.
CONCERT BY
LITTLE PALOMASCHRAMM,
Child ' Planiste '•■ and , Composer. ' : .
FRIDAY AFTERWOON, MAY 20,
THREE O'CLOCK.
Sherman-Clay's Hall, 233 Sutter
ADMISSION— FIFTY ; CENTS. ;
UL * iT >" IA I : Edd< : Strati :
: Soul-Inspiring WAR SCENES. United States
Infantry and Artillery, ■- Spanish > Navy and
Troops, -United States Battleships and Torpedo
Boats. Thrilling Havana Scenes by THE BIO-
GRAPH, the '•■ Greatest of •■ Projectoscopes, and
an Olio of , Tea Great Specialty Acts. Admis-
sion FrtA.
CONTROL YOUR FANCY.
Sometimes Imagination Runs Away With
Sober, felow-Footed Judgment.
Do not imagine, whatever may be
your station in life, that jollity is be
neath your dignity. The greatest and
best of men have had a large capacity
for fun.
Do not imagine that there is any per
son so lowly as to be beyond the obliga
tions of courtesy. Washington lifted
his hat to a negro, and said he would
not be outdone in politeness by a slave.
Do not imagine that patriotism is a
virtue reserved for war times. Pro
found peace gives a real patriot plenty
of opportunities to show his devotion.
Do not imagine that every man you
meet is as interested in the "cuteness"
of your baby boy as you are. Mak»
your nursery reminiscences short.
Do not imagine that a storekeeper
who recommends certain goods to you
when you want something else is a dis
interested philanthropist, seeking only
your happiness. He is thinking of his
own pocket.
Do not imagine that when you de
mand Duffy's Pure Malt Whiskey you
ought to spend a minute listening to
reasons why you should buy somebody
else's whiskey, much cheaper and said
to be just as good. The cheapness is a
delusion and the "just as good" is a
thread-bare lie. Do not be humbugged.
Kick, and kick hard. Sometimes it
seems that the only way to get justice
is by vigorous kicking.
I •—;• — ; '
AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
LAST SIX NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY.
The Great French Pa:Uumim;st,
PILAR MORIN
And her Original Company Presenting
THE A DRE3DEN SHEPHERDESS (Comedy)
TRIPLE IK OLD JAPAN (Tragedy)
81LL... And SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA.
Dally at 3. "The Passion Play." Seats 23c.
Next Tuesday— The Great YSAVE.
BALDWIN THEATER.
MATINEE ON THURSDAY
IN AID OF THE
Masonic Widows' and Orphans' Home.
All the Funds Go Directly to Charity.
Greatest Event ot the Week!
Four Entertainments in One t
THE CALIFORNIA STOCK COMPANY IN
TRILBY.
KISS CARRIE ROMA WILL SING "BEN BOLT."
PILAR MORIN,
The Greatest Pantomimist of the Ape, Sup-
ported by MLLE. SEVERINE,
IN OLD JAPAN.
In Conjunction With Scheel"s Great Orchestra.
The Eminent Romantic Actor.
ROBERT MfINTELL
And His Superb Company, in the Stirring
Play,
A SECRET WARRANT.
To Conclude With
THE PASSION PLAY.
Thirty-six Tableaux.
TICKETS NOW ON SALE.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
THIRD AND LAST WEEK.
The Eminent Romantic Actor,
ROBERT B. MANTELL,
Accompanied by a Select Company, Under the
Direction of M. W. Hanley, Presenting
Charles Osborne's Romantic Drama,
THE FACE IN THE MOONLIGHT.
NEXT MONDAY— HOPKINS' TRANS-
OCEANIC VAUDEVILLES.
CALIFORNLA_THEATER.
A MANX
CROWDED EXPRESSIONS
HOUSE. OF DELIGHT.
Last Night at the Production of Ouida'a
Romantic Comedy,
■^©-"MOTHS.'M®^-
A Thoroughly Competent Cast.
Handsome Staging.
Popular Price 5............. 15c, 25c and 50c
Next Monday— Revival by request. "TRILBY."
! MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter Morocco ..Sole Lessee and iljuis ■.
I Last Week of FRANK LINDON, Who Will
Appear as DADDY NOLAN, in Dan
Bully's Famous Laugh-Pro-
voking Comedy-Drama,
"THE CORNER GROCERY."
"THE FUNNIEST THING THAT EVER
HAPPENED."
An Abundance of Up-to-Date Specialties.
Strong Stock Cast and New Talent Specially
Engaged.
People In '. FRANK LINDON (Star). .
the Play w. R. DAILEY (Comedian. New).
Who Will MASTER JACK ROBERTSON
Contribute : (New),
to the Funny LITTLE ALMA WUTHRICH
Whirlwind (New),
of Comedy. ; MORTIMER SNOW.
FRED J. BUTLER.
■ MAURICE STEWART.
•MAUDE ; QUEEN FURSELL.
EDNA JULIA BLANC.
HALL, as Bad Boy Jimmy Nolan.
Evening Prices 10c, 25c, E0&
Matinees Saturday and Sunday. -•*--.■
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
j Mrs. Ernestine Kreling. Proprietor and Manager
THIS EVENING,
AGAIN A TRIUMPH!
"■ ' The Nautical Farcical Comedy Opera,
SHIP AHOY!
NEW SONGS DANCES MARCHES. '
GRAND PATRIOTIC TABLEAUX.
A lot of Novelties this week.
NEXT FRIDAY,
125t PERFORMANCE 125 th.
SPECIAL FEATURES.
NEXT— "THE POSTER."
I Popular Prices .....'..... — 25c and Mo
No telephone.
UNDER THE AUSPICES OF
THE RACIFIC COAST WOMAN'S PRESS ASSOCIATION,
THE ROUND-THE-WORLD TRAVELER.
MISS JESSIE
ACKERMAN,
Will Give Her Famous Lecture on
ICELAND,
ILLUSTRATED BY ONE HUNDRED STER-
EOPTICON VIEWS,
For the Benefit of the
RED CROSS,
NATIVE SONS' HALL.
Mason Street, Between Post and Geary.
THURSDAY, MAY IS, 8 O'CLOCK P. M.
Tickets (admit one), 2'c.
—Music by San Francisco Press Club Quartet.—
R F TILTON, FRANK COFFIN*.
D. M. WARD, W. G. BATCHELDER,
Tickets for sale at Sherman, Clay & Co. 'a
Music Store.
- - LAST WEEK OF - -
NORRIS BROS.'
DOG AND PONY SHOW
i The Finest Show on Earth for Ladles, and
Children.
CENTRAL PARK.
Ev*»ry Afternoon, 2:30: Nights, 8:15.
Prices— Adults, 25c; Children, 15c.
All Children Attending Matinees Are Given
i a Pony Ride.
~SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Daily from la.m. until 11 p. m.
ADMISSION 10c - - - - CHILDREN 5c
Bathing, with admission. 25c: children. 20c
RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB — -
Winter Meetin- 1897-98, Beginning TUESDAT.
May 3, to May 21 Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
RACING MONDAY, TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY,
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
RACEB START AT 2:15 P. Iff. SHARP.-
Ferry boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1:00, 1:30. 2:00. 2:30 and 3 p. m., connect-
ing with train stopping at the entrance to
trade. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:46 P. m., and immediately after the last rac*.
THOMAS H. WILLJAM3 JR.. Pr««.
R. B. MILJIQY, Secretary.
i
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY.
New prices for Codfish.
Silver a fraction firmer.
Wheat about the same.
Barley weaker, owing to the rain.
Other cereals quiet.
Hay rather firmer.
Bran and Middlings lower.
Some changes In Bean*.
Vegetabbles scare and higher.
New Potatoes firmer.
Butter easy. Eggs advanced.
More Eastern Poultry at hand.
Cherries and Berries higher.
Oranges advanced.
Prunes selling well.
Bacon and Lard higher and stiff.
Horsehldes active.
No change In Meats.
Decreased shipments of Lumbar.
Sterling exxchange higher.
LUMBER SHIPMENTS.
Exports of Lumber from this port during
the first four months of the year were 6,414,
000 feet, valued at $117,300. against 8,348,000
feet at $205,000 during the same time in 1&97. _
OUR FRUIT IN ENGLAND.
The extreme scarcity of fruit In London,
says the Grocers' Gazette, coupled with the
moderate supplies of the tinned varieties,
combine to force up the prices for the lat
ter descriptions. All descriptions of Califor
nia fruits are firm, and for standard apricots
an advance of from 7%d to 9d per dozen on
last week's prices Is now being paid. The
demand for salmon from first hands Is not
brisk, but the consumption Is good, and prices
are very steady. It Is believed by many, that
the Spanish-American war will; •■ by causing
advanced prices for fresh meat, corn and
other food stuffs, be the means of Improving
the market for salmon. Much, however, de
pends on the duration of hostilities.
EXPLANATION.
The arrow files with the wind. The top fig
ures at station Indicate minimum temperature
for the days: those underneath it. If any, the ;
amount of rainfall or of melted snow in inches i
and hundredths during the last twelve hours. ;
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal :
air pressure; isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high"" means high
barometric pressure and Is usually accompanied
by lair weather; "low" refers to low pres
sure and is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure is high in the interior and low
along the coast, and the isobars extend north !
and south along the coast, rain Is probable;
but when the "low" is Inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is Im
probable. With a "high" in the vicinity of \
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
in summer and colder weather in winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
PAX FRANCISCO. May 16. 1898, 5 p. m.
Following are the rainfalls for the past
twenty-four hours and seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of the same date ;
last season:
Past. This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureaka 0.06 31.93 49.20
Red Bluff 0.00 13.38 24.15
•Sacramento 0.14 10.01 17.26
San Francisco 0.04 9.07 22.
Fresno 0.02 4.79 10.52;
San Luis Oblspo Trace 7.14 20.71 j
Los Angeles 0.00 6.83 16.86 1
San Diego 0.06 4.70 11.70 |
Yuma 0.00 1.68 " .=..%
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
E8; minimum. 4S; mean, 53.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
The area of low pressure central over the :
Pacific Slope is moving slowly eastward. i
The center of the disturbance Is to-night near ]
Walla Walla. The pressure Is rising along the
coast of California.
The temperature has fallen rapidly over Utah
and In a small area of Eastern Washington
and Northern Oregon. It has risen over Cen
tral California.
Thunder storms are reported at Walla Walla
and Baker City. Showers have fallen generally
over the Pacific Slope.
A maximum wind velocity of 28 miles per hour
from the south Is reported at Tatoosh Island.
For*> % ast mad* at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. May 17, 1898: .
Northern California — Cloudy Tuesday, with
fog in the morning along the coast; warmer In
the interior: southerly winds inland, westerly
winds on the coast.
Southern California — Cloudy Tuesday, with <
fog In the morning; fresh westerly wind.
Nevada— Showers Tuesday; warmer In north- !
crn portion.
Utah— Showers Tuesday; wanner.
Arizona — Cloudy Tuesday: warmer.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Tues
day, with heavy fog in the morning; fresh
westerly wind.
Special report from Mount Tamalpals, tr'"< ;
at 5 p. m.— Dense fog; wind west, 12 miles:
temperature, 47; maximum temperature, 48.
ALEXANDER McADIE,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN * MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. May 16.— The stock market was
rather dull to-day and the tone was heavy
throughout. Prices never got f;r away from
the opening quotations except in a few cases.
The opening was made in sympathy with Lon
don, where the heaviness in all departments
continues on account of the uneasiness occa
sioned by Colonial Secretary Chamberlain*
pessimistic view of international politics.
Americans were no worse sufferers In the Lon
don market than other securities. Their pre
vailing high price make them an inviting field
for liquidation. An additional Incentive for
London's selling of these securities is the re
lieved tension of London's unfavorable ex
change situation and the pressure upon it for
gold. There was a fair outside demand for
btocks In the first hour, which absorbed very
well the offerings for London account and
worked some recovery from the low point. The
demand \va.« soon satisfied, however, and prices
drifted for the remainder of the day not far
from the low level. Net losses of numerous
leading stocks are a point or over. Sugar was
strong after an opening decline and easily led
the list In point of activity. It was at one
time two points over Saturday's clone. There
were one or two other specialties, notably
Western Union, Rubber preferred and Ten
nessee Coal and Iron, which were firm. Rock
Island was well hpld; at one time reacted' above
Saturday's close. Gelling on a parity with
Burlington. But these were exceptions to the
genfraT tone and their strength exerted little
sympahetic Influence. It was evident that
the speculative activity Is waiting on the
developments of the naval strategy In the
Caribbean Sea. There was prevalent a some
what less sanguine expectation of a speedy
termination of the war, based on some disap
pointment over the results of the bombardment
at San Juan. The evasiveness of the Spanish
fleet was also taken as Indicating a possibility
of extended maneuvering without material re
sults. The reported failure of efforts to effect
a junction with the Insurgents and to deliver
supplies of arms and ammunition to them was
Interpreted as demonstrating that any decisive
success In Cuba must wait on the campaign of
the United States troops.
Sterling exchange rates advanced full % of
a cent to-day, but that market was reported
dull. The money market continued easy and
accommodations on commercial paper were
liberal.
Bonds were very dull and prices were gen
erally lower in sympathy with stocks. Total
pales, $1,275,000.
There was a decline of \i In the United States
registered 4s of 1907. Bonds were otherwise
unchanged.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 836,600
shares, Including: 15.765 Atchlson preferred,
19.085 Burlington, 3140 Louisville and Nash*
vllle, 9325 Manhattan, 5075 Missouri Pacific, 885G
Northern Pacific, 11,845 do preferred. 26,065 Rock
Island; 32.900 St. Paul, 18.952 Union Pacific
preferred. 3316 Wabash preferred. 50,045 Ameri
can Tobacco. 4800 Chicago Great Western, 5950
People's Oas, 60,900 Sugar.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atcblson 12 St P& Om 75%
Do pref 30% Do pref 150
Baltimore & Ohio 18 Bt PM & M 132
Canada Pacific .. 81% Bo Pacific ........ 15%
Canada Southern. 50*4 So Railway »,
Central Pacific .. 12% Do pref 28V4
Ches & Ohio 20% Texas & Pacific.. 10*
Chi & A1t0n...... 159 Union Pacific .... {><%
Chi. B & Q. 98% U P D & G 7%
Chi A E 111 49 SVabash <%
C CC& St L.... 30% Do pref ISV4
Do pref SO Wheel &L E 2%
Del & Hudson.... 108 Do pref 11
pel L & W 152 Express Companies-
Den & R G 10% Adams Ex 88
Do pref 44 American Ex .... 124
Erie (new) 12 United States .... 39
Do Ist pref .... 34 Wells Fariro 115
Ft Wayne 16S Miscellaneous—
Gt Nor pref 159 A Cot Oil 21%
Socking Valley... 6 Do pref (2
Illinois Central . 102% A»n Spirits 10%
Lake Erie & W... 15 Do pref 28.
Do pref 71% Am Tobacco 108%
! Lake Shore 186 Do pref 118
I Louis & Nash.... 52% People Gas 95%
Manhattan L .... 102% Cons Gas IS9
Met St Ry 150 Com Cable C 0.... 160
Mich Cent 102% Col F & 1r0n...... 21%
! Minn & St L 26 | Do pref . 90
Do Ist pref .... 83 Gen Electric 30%
! Mo Pacific 32% Illinois Steel 45%
' Mobile & 0hi0... 27% Laclede Gas 43
Mo X & T 10% Lead 32%
Do pref 34% Do pref 106
Chi Ind A L 9 fat Lin Oil 18%
: Do pref 27 Or Imp Co 27
i N J Central 93% Pacific Mail 27%
j N V Central .... 114 man Palace... 180
iN T Chi & 8 L... 13 ('liver Cert 66%
, Do Ist pref .... 65 Stand R & T.... 4%
Do 2d pref .... 81% Sugar 134%
Nor West 13 Do pref 11l
No Amer Co 6% T C A Iron 25%
No Pacific 25% U S Leather 8%
Do pref 64 Do pref 62% |
Ontario & W 14% V S Rubber 19J4 j
Or H & Nay 48 Do pref 71% !
Or Short Line 30 West Union S9>4,
Pittsburg 168 O & N W 124
Reading 17% Do pref MB
Do Ist pref .... 43% Ft L & S W 4%
Rock Island 98% Do pref 1014
Bt L & S F 7 ROW 23
Do Ist »iref .... 60% Do pref r.5
Do 2d pref .... 27% Chi G W.... 14
Xt Paul 94% Haw Com Co 17% <
Do pref 144% I
CLOSING BONDS.
U S new 4s reg.. 123 Vi ,N T Carolina 6s 122%
Do coup 123% Do 4s 102
U gi a 109 No Pac lsts 116
Do coup 110% Do 3s 69%
Do 2ds 95 Do 4s 94%
U S 5s reg 111% N V C & S L 4s. 104
Do ts coup 111% Kor & W 6s 117
District 3.65s 113% Northwstrn cons. 13S
Xla class A 109 Do deb r.s 113%
Do B 103 O Nay lsts 110
Do C 90 0 Nay 4s 95
Do Currency ... 90 OS Line 6s tr.... 122%
Atchlson 4s 89% 0 S Line 5s tr.... 102
Do adj 4s &'■>* •> Imp lsts tr — 109
Can So 2ds 107 Do as tr 57
Chi Term 4s 54% Pacific 6s of 95... 103 i
C & Ohio 5s 112 Heading 4s £2% ;
CH & D 4%s 104% >l Q W 15t5....... 82 ,
D & R G lsts.... 105 L & I M C *.. 92% j
f, & R G 4s 91% V L & S F G 65.. 117% i
East Term lsts.. 106 St P Con 141 |
Erie Gen 4s 71% ft P C & P lsts.. 117
F W & D lsts tr. 71 Do 6s 115
Gen Elec 5s 103 00 Ry 55........... 91%
G H & S A 65.... 102% fcitand R & T 65.. 61
Do 2ds 105 V« Term new Bet 35.. 86
II & T C os 110 T & P L G lsts.. 102%
Do con t>s 104 Do Rg 2ds 33%
lowa C lsts 101 VPD & G lsts.. 66%
La new cons 45.. 100 Wablst 5s 106%
L & N Unl 45.... 87% Do ids 81
Missouri 6s 100 gV Shore 4g 10. |
M K& T 2ds 61 I*1 '* Va Centuries ... 6*% ;
'Do 4 89 Do deferred ... 4
X V Central lsts.. lit% D P pref 57%
NJC 5s 112% I" P4s 93 !
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 20 Ontario 2 50 \
Crown Point 1" Ophlr .... 40 ;
Con Cal & Va.... 50 Wymouth 12
Deadwood 75 Quicksilver ..*»,.. 100
Gould & wurry... IS DO pref 200 ;
Hale & Norcross. 78 fierra Nevada ... 55 !
Homestake 40 00 Standard 1 60
Iron Silver 45 lon Con 10
Mexican 09 1 yellow Jacket ... 22
BOSTON.
BOSTON, May 16-Atchlson. 12MC Bell Tele
phone. 23»Vi; Burlington. 98\; Mexican Central.
4V
LONDON MARKETS.
NEW YORK. May 16.— Evening Post's
financial cablegram says: The stock markets
here continued dull and flat to-day, an unde
fined uneasiness existing regarding the political
situation. It Is said, however, that the politi
cians are making the worst of the situation
in order to prepare the people for a huge naval
loan, but they could raise this without any
preparations. In gold went Into the Bank
To-day £27R,000 In gold went Into the Dank
of England, and another quarter of a million
has been bought but it Is not announced be
cause it has to be refined.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific. S4 1 *: Grand Trunk. 8. Bar
silver, steady. 26 5-16 d per ounce. Money, 2^»
<aZ per cent. 
Spanish 4s closed 33. a net loss of M,. -
PARIS, May 16.— Spanish 4s closed 33 7-18. a
net loss of Vi- , . .
MADRID. May 16.— Spanish fours closed to
day, at JSS 80.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. May 16.— FLOUR— Receipts,
43,700 barrels: exports, 201.102. Firm and held
10 cents higher on the advance of wheat.
WHEAT— Recelpts^-356,125; exports, 151,975.
Spot firm; No. 2 red, $1 54% f. o. b. afloat to
arrive. Options had a strong advance to-day
in face of bearish cro- news and weekly statis
tics. Shorts furnished the demand, being ex
cited over rumored reductions of German du
ties, higher English cables and strong North
west markets, closed lie higher on May, and
me 6c higher on other months. May, $1 60<8>
1 55. closed, $1 56; July. $1 13V4@1 18. closed,
$1 17%.
HOPS—
WOOL—
PETROLEUM— DuII.
METALS— The market for metals starts the
week in steady form, but with comparatively
little demand. At the close to-day the Metal
Exchage quoted as follow*-. . .
PIG IRON— Warrants, steady, with $6 .0 bid,
aI1 LAKE COPPER— Unchanged, with $12 bid.
and 112 15 asked. .
TlN— Steady. $14 55 bid, $14 60 asked.
SPELTER-Steady, $4 15 bid. $4 25 asked.
LEAD— Quiet, $3 62% bid, $3 67% asked. Lead
Is still quoted at $3 50 by the firm fixing the
settling price for Western miners and smelt-
COFFEE— Options closed steady, unchanged
to 5 points net lower. Sales, 10,250 bags, in
cluding: May, $5 75; July, $5 70., Spot Coffee—
Rio, quiet; No. 7 invoice, 6%c>^No. 7 jobbing,
7c Mild, quiet; Cordova, 8%©15% c
SUGAR— strong, tending upward; fair
refining. 3%c; centrifugal 96 test, 4'/ 4 c. Re
fined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts, 11,416 packages; steady;
Western ■ creamery. 14@15%c; Elgin, 15V4c; fac
°EGGS— Receipts, -13,644 packages; steady;
EGGS— Receipts. 13,644 packages; steady;
State and Pennsylvania, 10%@llc; Southern,
10c; Western, 10% c.
• . - DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK. May 16.— California Dried
Fruits: Apples strong.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 6%@Bc
per lb; prime wire tray, 9%c; wood dried prime,
sig9%c: choice. 96 9>*c; fancy, .9V4@loc.
PRUNES— 4(qSV*c.
APRICOTS— Royal, 8@10c; Moorpark, 10<g!l2c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 6@Bc; peeled, 12@14c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKETS.
CHICAGO, May 16.— decided strength In
the Liverpool cables was the chief cause for
the bull sentiment in wheat to-day. Liverpool
quoted . July wheat fully 3c per bushel higher
than It closed Saturday. European political
news was looked on as quite important, for
It seemed to point to growing differences be
tween England and France . over the African
complications. Domestic receipts were very
heavy, and under ordinary circumstances would
have caused the traders to be shy of buying.
Having nothing but the memory of recent
losses In their minds, they covered freely
every time the buying became at all strong.
The domestic visible decreased only 634,000
bushels last week, whereas the decrease last
year-was 2. 12".. 000 bushels. The weather east
of the Rockies was about perfect for c wheat
growing and the California drought was
broken by a twenty-four hour's rain. Con
tinental cables were in the main easier. ' How
ever, I the market here got ■ strong support and
was kept on the Jump for the most part, so
that the traders had no ' opportunity to look
at the ordinary news items, . more especially
those of a statistical character. May opened
at $1 40, against Saturday's close of $1 44%, and
was carried up with July and closed at $160
! bid, " 614 c net gain. July - opened at $1 06 ■• to
*1 07H. flanaily touched $1 09. eased off to
$1 07% I and sold up to $1 09% : and reacted to
$1 09% lild at the close, a net gain of 4%c.
September, which closed Saturday at ; 89%e.
opened at 90'gCOHc, sold down to 89% c, then
up to 92c, reacted to 91% cat the close, a net >
gain of 2Mic. . .
Corn . was . very , strong and active- to-day
with outsider* in the market in force. The
weather was a factor. Liverpool waa %(&^4d
higher. July closed with a net gain of %c.
Oats were neglected, but opened • firm in
sympathy with the general strength In the
other speculative markets. 'July closed %c
higher. • i ■ -■■■■•• ; _
Provisions - made .a . sensational advance,
nearly all of which was retained. Shipments ;
of -lard and : meats - were enormous. Increased j
outside .] trade i was -a . factor. Government ; or- I
ders for the army cut some figure. There has !
been very, large buying :of both ribs and lard 1
through commission. houses for packers. ' July
pork closed with a gain of 70c over Saturday;
lard 35c higher, and ribs 40c higher. ■
Articles— . • Open. High. Low. < Close.
Wheat No. 2—2 —
May .............. 145 160 145 160
July ...-...:.,.:..... 107%- 1094 106 1 09"4
September 90H 92 ' BJT4 91%
December .......... 85% 87H 86*4 87
Corn No. >2— .
May ...;......- 36* ' 86* -- .; M ; .. 8694 j
THE SA^T FRANCISCO CALX, TTJESPAY, MAY 17, 1898.
! July 36% 37% 36% 37
I September 37 37% '37 37%
I Oats No. 2—
May .:.„■;.. ......... 30V4 30% 29% SO
July ...... 26% 26% 26% 26%
I September... 23% 24% , 23% 24%
Mess Pork, per.bbl—
May ...... .......
! July 1180 12 47% 1180 12 45
Lard, per 100 lbs —
May 6 80
July 6 70 6 90 6 70 6 SO
September ...6 72% 700 6 72% 690
Short Ribs, per 100 ma-
May ...... 6 55
! July 6 25 6 60 6 25 6 55
i September 635 6 67% 635 6 62%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
! quiet and easy; No. 2 spring wheat, $1 15;. No.
: 3 spring wheat, f.ob.. $1 05@l 20; No. 2 - red.
i $1 47; No. 2 corn, 36%@37c; No. 2 oats. 30%<831c;
! No. 2 white. 33@34c; No. 3 white. 32@33c; No.
2 rye, 6S<g6S%c; No. 2 barley, 42@54c; No. 1
flaxseed, $1 38; prime timothy seed, $2 80#2 85,
mess pork per bbl., $12 26@12 30; lard, per- 100
lbs.. $6 80®6 82%; short ribs, (loose). »6 35@6 60;
dry salteo. shoulders, (boxed), |5@5%; short
clear sides, (boxed), 16 10@€ 20.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls
Wheat, bush 203,000 210.000
Corn, bush 535.000 991.000
Oats, bush 427,000 444,000
Rye. bush 10,000 500
Barley, bush 31,000 12,000
On ' the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; creameries. 12@15c; dairies, ;
ll@l3c. Eggs, steady; fresh, 9%c. Cheese, un
changed.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 293,760 67,940
Duluth 162.120 205.090
Milwaukee ; .. 28.600 1.300
Chicago : 203,363 210.023
Toledo 137.126 212.600
St. Louis 65,000 98.000
Detroit 22.390 13.274
Kansas City 173,000 25,000
Totals 1,085.349 833,127
Tidewater—
Boston 104.662
New York 356,125 151.975
[ Philadelphia 10,085 8.928
Baltimore
New Orleans ......
Galveston .......
Totals £70.872 155,903
PARIS FUTURES. '
Wheat— May. Sept. Dec.
Opening 64 90 55 30
Closing 65 45 65 35
Flour-
Opening 30 10 25 20
Closing 30 40 25 25
•-.IVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
May. July. Sept. Dec.
Opening 10 8 8% 7 3%
Closing 11l 10 8 8 *< 7 3%
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, May CATTLE— Firm, prices
strong to 10c higher. Choice to extra Steers,
|696 25; good to choice, $4 1.V«4 65; Butchers',
$4 1004 SO: Stackers and Feeders, $2 50@4 80;
Texas Steers, $3 W@A 60.
HOGS— Were s@loc higher. Bulk of sales,
$4 40 a4 60; heßvy packing Hogs, $4 20@4 42%;
common to ' choice, $4 2504 57%.
SHEEP— In good demand at steady
prices. ■ Clipped common Sheep. J3TT3 50;
choice, $4 2. r ff4 SO; clipped, Lambs, $4@4 75;
wooled Umbs, $5!|T5 30.
Receipts— 13.000; Hogs, 45,000; Sheep,
17,000.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, Neb., May 16.— CATTLE—
1300; market strong, s<gloc higher. Native
beef Steers, $4'ff4 80; Western Steers, $3 80®
4 40; Texas Steers, $3 50#4 23: Cows and Heif
ers, S3 2:>'??4 30; stockers and feeders, $3 80@
4 85; Bulls and Stags. $2 6003 70.
HOGS— Receipts 4700. Market 5c higher;
heavy. $4 15«?4 32; mixed. $4 20@4 25; light, $4<3
4 2.*; bulk of sales at $4 2.'.
SHEEP— Receipts 11.500. Market steady to
stronger. Fair to choice Natives. $3 70#4 25;
fair to choice Westerns, $3 60@4 20: Lambs, $4
©5 20.
DENVER.
DENVER, May 16.— CATTLE— Receipts 1400.
Market active and firm; Beef steers, $3 30(!J
4 30: Cows. $3<T3 85: Feeders, freight paid to
river, $3 9( V B'4 40: Stockers, freight paid to river,
S4J7>4 80: Bulls and Stags, $2«?3 25.
HOGS — Receipts 300. Market firm, shade
lower. Light, packer*, $4 20@4 27: mixed, $4 20
-5 4 25: heavy. $4 12@4 25.
SHEEP— Receipts 100. Market steady. Good i
fat Muttons. $3 25@4 10; Lambs, $4 20©5 20.
KANSAS CITY
KANSAS CITY. Mo., May 16.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 2500. Market steady to strong; natVe
steers. 13 X,'a\ '.«'•; Texas steers, $3 90®4 45;
Texas cows, $3 2i'5 1 4: native cows and heifers,
!2'(i4 65; stockers and feeders, {3 HO6 SO; bulls,
$3«5.
HOGS— Receipts, 10.000. Market, strong to 10c
higher. Bulk of sales. $4<S4 40; heavies. $4 20@
4 45; packers and mixed, $4 10"<i 4 3.">: lights. $3 95
ig-4 25: yorkers, J4 20<S4 25; pigs. $3 35@4 10.
SHEEP— Receipts, 5000. Market strong;
lambs, $426; muttons. $3 2f>(jj4 SO.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. May ft— Consols, no 11-16; Silver,
M r-lnd; French rentes. 102f 37^e.
LIVERPOOL, May 16.— Wheat, dull; No. 1
Standard California, Ms 4d: cargoes off coast,
buyers and sellers apart; cargoes on passage,
quiet and steady; Knglisti country markets,
generally Is 6d cheaper; French country mar
kets, weak: Wheat In Paris, firm; Flour In
Paris, firm; quantity Wheat and Flour on paps
age to I*. X.. 2.650.000; quantity Wheat and
Flour r.n passage to Continent, 2,510.000; Indian
shipments Wheat to I". X., 43,000: Indian ship
ments Wheat to Continent, 94,000; Imports
into U. K. for week, 125.000 barrels Flour; 290,
000 quarters Wheat.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 9-16 d.
CLOSE.
WHEAT— Futures closed quiet; May, 11s Id:
July, 30s 8d; September, 8s %d; December, 7s
3H'i-
CORN— May. steady, 3s 9%d; July, steady, 3s
9%d; September, steady. 3s 97 s d.
Imports of wheat into Liverpool during the
j week: From Atlantic ports, 79,900 quarters;
i from Pacific ports, none; from other ports,
38.000 quarters. Imports of corn from Atlantic
ports during the week. 32,500 quarters.
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON, May 16.— At the wool auction sales
to-day 14,552 bales were offered. • The attend
ance was good. Sales: New South Wales, 4000
bales; scoured, 9%d@ls 6%d; greasy. 4%@10d.
• Queensland — 100 bales; greasy, r 7%@10%d.
Victoria— l3oo bales; -scoured, 9%d<g!ls 4d;
greasy, 6@lld.
West Australia— loo bales;- greasy, 5%®'7%d.
. New Zealand— 34oo bales; scoured. Sdiglg %d;
greasy, GU©B%d.
Cape of Good Hope and Natal— soo bales;
greasy, 5H@6Kd.
, Punta Arenas— 47oo bales; greasy, 4%<3>7 l i4d.
VISIBLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK, May 16.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain In store and afloat Sat
urday, May 14, as compiled by the New York
Produce Exchange, Is as follows: Wheat. 21,
986.000 bushels: decrease, 542,000. Corn, 22.480.
000 bushels; decrease, 2,533,000. Oats. 8,704.000
bushels: decrease, 830,000. . Rye, 1,427.000 bush
els: decrease. 459,000. Barley, 583,000 bushels;
decrease, 33,000.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
CHICAGO, May 16.— The Earl Fruit Company
sold California cherries at open auction to-day,
realizing the following prices: Black Tartarian,
80<g$l 25; Belle de Orleans, 80c; Governor Wood,
55c.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND. Or., May 16.— local wheat
market was in a measure neglected to-day.
Walla Walla, 93@94c; valley, 95@36; blue
stem, 5?@99c per bushel.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. ■ Wash., May 16.— N0 market for
wheat for export and. milling; $1 for blue stem
and 97c for club Is all that will be paid.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
."■-■ ■ :;V^: •;:-': 5
PORTLAND, May 16.— Exchanges, $435,296;
balances, $92,111.
.-■ -.-..v--.-. -■.■.-— — • ■ ■ .
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling: Exchange, sight — $4 84
Sterling Exxchange, 60 days — 4 87
Sterling Cables — 4 87H
Nex York ExchP" — 5ight.......... — 10
Nex York Exchange, telegraphic. — 12V4
Fine Sliver, per ounce — 67 •
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Chicago and Liverpool advanced.
Paris declined. This market was stationary,
as far as spot Wheat was concerned, and vari
ations In futures w»»re less violent than last
week. The rain helped the crop materially In
the northern part of the State.
Spot Wheat was nominal at the following
quotations: Shipping, $1 75@1 77^4; milling.
$1 82%@1 85 rer ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December —
2000 ctls., n 71; 2000, »1 70%; 2.500, $1 70^ ; 10.000,
$1 70',i; 2000, $1 70%: 12.000. $1 70; 12,000, »1 69%.
Second Session — December— 6ooo ctls., jl 70.
Regular Morning Session— Decevber— 4000
ctls.. $1 70%; 8000. $1 70.
Afternoon Session — December t— 4000 ctls
$1 70V4: 16.000, *1 70; 2000. »1 69%. 4
BARLEY— The rain weakened-- the market
somewhat. Trade was dull.
Feed, ?1 3<K?l 32V4; Brewing. %l 37V4@l 40.
CALL LOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
8000 ctls., 11 29.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2ooo
ctls., $1 30; 4000. $1 2!>H. May— 4ooo ctls., $1 32Vi.
Afternoon Session — May — 2000 ctla., $1 33U
2000. $1 33. December — 4000 ctls., jl 29%; 6000*
*1 29%.
OATS— Buyers are holding off and trade la
therefore dull.
Fancy Feed, $1 42H@1 46 pw ctl; good to
choice, %1 35@1 40; common, $1209182^; Sur
prise. $1 45«?1 50; gray, $1 32%@1 37%; milling.
$135@142% per ctl
CORN— Previous prices rule. Buyers are not
at all eager at the moment.
Small round yellow $125 per ctl: large yei
low, $1 07%@l 10; white, $1 07%®l W P««" cU
RYE-$1 37%-fti « per eft.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 7S@l 85 per cU.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family Extras. $6®6 10: Baker** Ex
tras, $5 7C@5 S5 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, ueual discount to the trade: 9T?- hh 1 nn 1 m
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs- Rye Flour, $2 75 per 100,
Rice Flour. J6 : Cornmeal. $2 50: extra cream
Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal. $4; Oat Gronts, $4 2 ; >.
Hominy. $3 25(a3 50; Buckwheat Flour. W®4">.
Cracked Wheat.. $3 75; Farina. »* TB:
ttheat Flour, $3 25 ; RoII-d Oat* (barrels), $5 8»
<g6 20; In sacks $r, 60CT6' Pearl Barley, $4 7j,
Split Peas. $4 25; Green Pea*, $4 50 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Those who had expected that Hay would b«
weak on account of the rain were mistaken,
for reports showed considerable damage to the
Hay already cut. especially to Alfalfa in the
Sacramento River district, and to Wheat Hay
down around Mavfleld Again, large areas in
the Northern Sacramento Valley, which were
to have been cut for Hay are now to be cut
for Wheat. To offset this, however, the crop
still uncut has been largely benefited.
The general tone of the market was strong
and several descriptions advanced. This, in
the face of 140 tons from Oregon and 100 tons
from Utah, wa« singular, and Illustrates the
Inherent strength of the market.
Bran and Middlings were both lower.
BRAN— SIS F'vg'ig 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $23 60'3!24 per ton.
FEEDSTI.'FFS-Rolled Barley. $29 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31@31 50; Jobbing,
$32#32 60; Cocoanut »Cake. $24@25: Cottonseed
Meal, $28^30 per ton; Cornmeal. $24 60; Crack
ed Corn. $25.
HAY— fEx-car In round lots)— Wheat. $2^
26; Wheat and Oat, $20g~23 50; Oat, $IS-ff2o;
Barley, $16@1S 50; compressed Wheat. $21^24:
compressed Oat, $IS-g~20; Alfalfa, $13@14; Clo
ver, nominal; Timothy $16 50<f 17 50.
NEW HAY-Whent wire-hound. $20; volun
teer wild Oat. $16; Barley. $17.
STRAW— 7sc@sl 10 per bale; Oregon, 50@60c.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Beans rule steady and several changes ap
pear. .
BEANS— Bayos. $2 «K>«?3 05: Small Whites.
$2 05& 15: Large Whites. $2^2 05: Pinks. $2- daft
2 75: Reds, $3; Blackeye $3 75: Butters. $1 TSC
2; Limas, $3(i|3 10; Pea. %2ff2 15; Red Kidneys,
$2 Csrrj2 86 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $2 25@2 50 per ctl:
Yellow Mustard, $3 15©3 25: Flax, $2 25; Canary
Seed, 2Vt«t2%c per Ib; Alfalfa, 3@6c: Rape, 2^f<f
2%c: Hemp, 2Vg3c; Timothy, 5@5%c.
DRIED PEAS— $1 75@2; Green, $1 9051
2 25 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
All kinds of Vegetables advanced, an receipts
were small, owing to Sunday's rain. Pota
toes and Onions were about the same.
Los Angeles Egg Plant brought 15@20c per
lb. and Tomatoes $1 6091 75 per box.
POTATOES— River Reds. 40@50c; River Bur
banks, BOfIMGL per sack: Oregon Hurbanks. 60c3>
$1; P»taluma Burbanks. 50@65c per sack; new
Potatoes. l%»?2Hc per lb.
Australian jobbing at $4; new, 60®
75c per ctl. ■ ?'.~:. *;'-■•
VEGETABLES— were 629 boxes As
paragus, 35 boxes Rhubarb and. 77 sacks Peas.
Asparagus, $2 25<52 50 for extra large: $1 ri2
per box for No. 1, $lftl 60 for small: Rhubarb. ;
25<1?50c per box for small to good and 60@75c j
for extra choice: Green Peas, $1 755?2 per sack;
Garden Peas, 3®3Hc per lb: String Beans. 8® I
10c: Wax Beans, B©i>c; Horse Beans, 23<g'5'>c
per sack: Summer Squash, 12Hc per lb;
Dried Peppers. 6@7c per lb; Dried Okra. 12^c;
Cabbage. 65@75c per ctl; Carrots. 30fff5Oe per
sack; Cucumbers, 40C(z$l per dozen; Marysvllle ;
Cucumbers, $2 per box: Mexican Tomatoes, 75c
<gsl 75 per box; new Garlic. fi'frSe per lb.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes sliced, raw. 12c per Th In lots of 2." ;
lbs; sliced desiccated, 16.??lSc: granulated raw.
13c; Onions. COc; Carrots, • old. 13c; new, 18c;
Cabbage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes. 30c: Turnips,
25c; String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, BOc.
POULTRY AND GAME.
A car of Eastern was put on late yesterday
afternoon.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 10^12c for Gob
blers and I'i-SISc for Hens; Geese, per pair,
*I@l 25: Goslings,- $1 2501 7&; Ducks, $3<i?4 for
old and $3 6001 for young: Hens, $2 50~3 .V>:
Roosters, young, $7 5009; Roosters, old. $3 50®
3 75; Fryers, $M? 7; Broilers, $4 1006 50 for large.
$2 50@4 for small: Pigeons. $1 600] 75 per dozen
for young and $1 25'gl JO for old.
GAME— Nominal^
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
There is no change In Butter and Cheese,
though the former is rather weak than other
wise.
Eggs are higher under a sharp falling off in
receipts.
BUTTER— - . >
Creamery — Fancy creameries, 21c; seconds,
20c.
Dairy— to fancy, 18@20c; common
grades, MOI7HQ per lb.
Eastern Butter — Imitation creamery, 16®
16Hc: ladle-packed, 15@16c per lb; Eastern
Elgin tub. I^-ISHc.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 9@9Hc; common
to good. 74«SVi<": Cream Cheddar, lO^llc;
Young America, 10@llc; Western. ll@12c; East
ern. 12H@13Hc per n>.
' EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 14*?16c per dozen; store
Eggs, 13c; Duck Eggs, 16c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Cronies and Strawberries were higher owing
to lighter arrivals and a good shlplng demand
for British Columbia, The Watsonville ber-
I ries brought $3 7604 at auction.
Oranges are doing 'better again.
DRCIDUOUB FRIUTS—
Receipts were 247 chests of Strawberries and
387 boxes of Cherries.
Strawberries, $3 .">oi??4 50 per chest for large
and $r.ft <s for small berries In baskets, and $6
for loose.
White Cherries, 25(g60cper box; red, 50@75c;
black, 75c@$l. • ,
Apricots, 75c<f?$l per box and per crate.
Gooseberries, 2'<,' c?3 1 per lb for common, and
4«isc for English."
. Newcastle Raspberries, $1 75@2 per crate.
Apples. (OOSOc per box for common. 75c®$l
for ~vid to choice and $1 2Sfi!l 50 for fancy.
CITRUS Fi..' lTS— Naval Oranges, $1 25©2 50;
Beedllngs. 6Oc0$l; Lemons, 50c®$l for common
and $1 2532 2. for good to choice: Mexican
Limes, $4; California Limes.' in small boxes,
40@ri0c; Bananas. $1 25@2 per bunch; Pine
apples, $3®4 per dozen.
DTtIED FRUITS. NUTS, RAISINS. ETC.
Dealers report a continuation of the demand !
for Prunes, which are steadily cleaning up at
firm prices. The other kinds are unchanged.
DRIED FRUITS— Prune carload - lots, i\@
Be for 40-50" s. 4 ; ii?i4Hc for 50-Ws, 3%!g l 4c for
60-70' s. 3U<.'3Vic for 70-RO's. 2%®3c for 80-90*8, 2>4 j
fi2Mc for 9n-ior.'n : Peaches, 3@sc; fancy. 6%@ I
6c: peeled. in-gi2u,c: Apricots, sg^Vic for Roy- j
als and 7*RSc for good to fancy Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 6^fi?7c; sun-dried, 4(ftSc; j
Black Figs In sacks, 2(S2V4c; Plums, 4H®4»ic !
for pitted and l^^l Vic for unpitted; bleached i
Plums, 606Hc; Nectarines, 4@?>c for prime to
fancy; Pears, 2 1 4tMV&c for quarters and 3@s>£o
for halves, according to color, etc.
RAISINS — IHis'2c for two-crown. 3c for three- ;
crown, 3%c for four-crown, 4^c for Seedless !
Sultanas, 2%c for Beedless Muscatels and $10
1 10 for London layers; dried Grapes. 2y,c.
NUTS— Chestnuts are quotable at 8c "per lb-
Walnuts, 3(fiMc f or hardshell and 4(f?6c for soft
ehell; Almonds, 3ft 4c for hardshell, 6®7c for
softshell, SUfj9 c for paper-shell; Peanuts, 4<a
6%c for Eastern and 4%c for California; Pe
cans, 6V£fftßc: Filberts, 8Hf?10c; Brazil Nuts
B(ff9r per lb; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5 per 100.
HONEY— Comb, 9WlOc for bright and 6@7c
for lower grades; water-white extracted. 6V40
6c: light amber extracted, 4\@s^4c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24®26c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
The market for Pork products Is firm and ad
vancing in sympathy with the Eastern mar
kets, and Bacon and Lard are higher. Hams
are also firm.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9c per lb for
heavy, 914 c for light medium, 10^c for light
lie for extra light and 12@12%c for sugar cured'
Eastern sugar cured Hams, KHiUSllc; Caltior
nia Hams. 94f?10c; Mess Beef, $10 50 per bbl
extra Mess Beef, $11 ; Family Beef. $12- Salt
Pork. $9; extra prime Pork. $10; extra clear
$17@17 50; mess. $15; Smoktu Beef. 12@12Vjc per
lb.
LARD— Eastern, tierces quoted at 6c per lb
for compound, and BHc for pure; palls 9»4c-
California tierces. 5V4c per lb for compound
and 7Vie for pure; half barrels, 7?4c- 10-lb
tlnß, B%c; 6-lb tins, B^c.
COTTOLENE - Tierces, 6%@6%c; packages,
lees than SOO lbs— 1-lb palls, 60 In a eaae B%e :
8-lb pails. 20 in a case, B%c; 6-lb pails, 12 In a
case. B%c; 10-lb pails, 6 In a case, B^c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c: wooden buck.ita. «0
lbs net. 7%c; tancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7>»c- naif
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7V>c per lb.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL. AND HOPS.
There Is considerable doing In horse hides
at the quotations. Otherwise there is noth
ing new.
HIDES • AND SKINS— CuIIs . and brands sill
about 1c under the quotations. : Heavy santi
Bt <; erß - c : meaium ' «^@9c: '-Kht, BHc; Co-
nides BH£9c; Stags. sc; salted Kip, He: : Calf.
10c; dry Hides, 15@16c; culls ' and brands. 120
,1o£.:,, 1 o£. : ,« dry Kip and Veal, 16@16V4c: ; dry Calf.
18@19c; culls. IC@l7c; Goatskins, 30@37Vi,0' ea^h!
:KUs v 5(g)10c;" Deerskins, good summer. 25®30c
per. lb; medium. 20c;', winter, 10c: Sheepskins,
pnearllnKs. 20@25c each; ' short wool, 4O(jf6oc
each; medium, . 60@80c;Uong ; wool, 90c 1 20
each; Horse hides, salt. . »2<ft)2 50 for large. $1 £0
@2 for medium and 75cUj$l for small: Colts
£?? !"'Fr : OrBC hides," dry, =$1 5002 for large and
* Iml£;for1 m l £; for Bmal >: C01t*.!25(350c.v ■ -
v- TALLOW— No. ; 1 rendered, i 3@3^c ; per - : Ib;
No. 2. 2 2>*c; refined. 4U®4%" Grease, 2c.
UOOI^-Fall o|| n . Kan M"<iauln. defective," T®
9c: Southern Mountain, 1 9@llc; . free i Northern.
HOPS— IB 97 crop, 9@l2\4c per Ib. .
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Previous prices rule for all descriptions.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
Blaushterers are as follows:
BEEF- First quality, 6c: second quality.
6Hc; third quality. 4@sc per Ib. • .
• VEALr-Large. 4S5c: small. 5«6c per Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers. 8c; Ewes, .®7V4c per Ib.
LAMB— Spring, B@B%c per. lb. -'■■■■'■.". -,„
PORK-Live Hogs. 3%c for large and 4@4Ho
for medium: stock Hogs, 2©2V40; dressed Hogs,
BU@6Hc. ■■ .-■ -
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain. Bags, nominal: Wool
f»aps, nominal; San Quentln, $5 30.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $S; Southneld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle.
$6: Bryant. $6; Coos Bay. $5 50; Wall send, $7 50;
Cumberland. $10 25 In bulk and $11 60 In sacke;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14; ■ Gunnel. $10
per ton: Rock Springs, Castle Gate and Pleas
ant Valley. $9; Coke. $12 per ton In bulk and
$14 in sacks.
PACIFIC CODFISH— New prices are as fol
lows: Bundles 4c; cases, selected.' 4V»c; Imita
tion Eastern. S^c; boneless. ; »"*c; strips. 8%4?
7%c: blocks, 5V407c; tablets. 7^c: middles. 6\4
@BHc per Ib: desiccated. 87% c per dozen.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Rennlng Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube. Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 7c; Powdered, 6V4c; Dry
Granulated, 6%c: Confectioners' A. 574 c; Mag
nolia A, BHc: Extra C, 5%c: Golden C. 6%0:
Candy Granulated. 6c; California A, 5Hc per
R>; half barrels %c more than barrels, and
boxes V4c more.
RECEIPTS Ot PRODUCE.
For Monday. May 16.
Flonr. qr sks ... 9.598 !Hay, tons 650
jEVheat. ctls 2.050 Iftrnw. tons 35
Parley, ctls 9. 635 .flops, bales 14
Oats, ctls I,34l 'Straw, tons ..... 35
Tallow, ctls ..... 216 Hops, bales ..'... 14
Butter, ctls ..... 310 Quicksilver, ft s k. l 112
pheese. ctls 67 Raisins, bxs . 1.290
Beans, sks 706 |I>eather. rolls ... -42
potatoes, sks ... 717 Lumber, ft 200.000
Onions, ska 39? Wine, sals 32,400
Bran, sks 1.846 Pelts, bdls 336
Middlings, sks .. 452 i Hides, no 300
WASHINGTON.
Wheat, ctls ..... 29,775 Bran, sks 206
Barley, ctls 10.8*0 Shorts, sks 791
Oats, ctls 4.186 Feed, sks 265
Potatoes, ska ... 885 ■ •
OREGON.
Flour, qr oka ... 13.3591 Potatoes, sks ... 6.921
Wheat, ctls 4.5D0 Middlings, sks .. 4,8
bats, etls 3.2001 Teed, fks 432
Hay, tons 140 Hops, bales ...... 14
Bran, sks 2.902 Wool, bales 205
Shorts, sks 1,301 1 Flaxseed. sks ... 253
Barley, ctls 7.110)
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 2.400'
UTAH.
Hay, tons ....... 100|... .■
NEVADA.
Hay, tons 101
— — ~ — — — ..
THE STOCK MARKET.
Local securities were rather unsettled yes
terday. Hutchlnnon sold down to $48 50 against
$49 GO on Saturday, and Hawaiian Commercial
ranged between $16 and $17 against $17 7T».
Mining stocks were dull and unchanged.
The Sacramento Mining Company of Utah
has declared a dividend of H a cent per share
amounting to $5000. payable May 31.
The Homestalte Mining Company of South
Dakota will ray a monthly dividend of 25
cent a per share on May 25.
The Bellefontalne Mining Company of Ne
vada County has levied an assessment of 1 cent
per share, delinquent June 15.
The Coast Development Company of Tuol
umne County has levied an assessment of t
cents per share, delinquent June 14.
Weekly reports from the leading mines are
as follows:
Consolidated California and Virginia— lsso
level— From the north drift skirting along the
footwall from the incline upraise at a point
178 feet on the slope above this level, 70 feet In
from its mouth, east crosscut No. 3 has been
advanced 29 feet, passing through porphyry
streaked with quartz, assaying $1 50 per ton;
total length 42 "-et. From the incline upraise
No. 1 at a point 112 feet above the sill floor of
this level from the south drift, at a poln 300
feet from Its mouth, near the end of the east
crosscut, the north drift opposite the south
drift has been advanced 21 feet, passing through
quartz assaying $1 and $2 per ton; total length
33 feet. 1650 level— Fiom incline upraise No. 1,
at a point 60 feet above the silt floor of this
level frum the south drift, skirting along the
footwall at a point 178 feet from its mouth,
from the top of the upraise which has been
carried up 49 feet from the south drift 100 feet
in from its mouth, the upraise has been carried
up 3 feet, paslng through quarti of low as
say value, and has connected with the north
drift from the fast crosscut from the south
drift, 112 feet above the ISM level; total height
of upraise. 118 feet. From the old east cross
cut on the sill floor of this levei at a point 93
feet in from its mouth from the upraise carried
up 16 feet abo'-» the sill floor we have worKed
north alontf the east drift in quartz showing
narrow streaks and bunches of ore. From
these openings we have extracted 46 tons of ore,
assaying per mine care samples $29 33 per ton.
Have also extracted from this pan the mine
41 tons of low grade ore; the samples taken
from cars when raised to the surface was $9 07
per ton. 175*"' level — On the eleventh floor from
the north clrlft from the east drift at a point 28
feet in from Its mouth a north drift is in a
total length of IS feet, from which we worked
upward S feet, passing through old ground of
former working?, from which we saved IS tons
of ore. assaying $39 2") per ton. The total ex
traction of ore for the week amounted to 64
tons, the average assay value of which, per
samples taken from cars at the surface, was
$30 03 per ton. Shipped to the Morgan mill
during the week 312 tons and 1610 pounds of
ore. The average assay value (per battery
samples) of all the ore worked at the mill dur
the week 12." tons, was $24 26 per ton.
Sierra Nevada— Rlley Tunnel— During the
week we stoped out from the third and fourth
floors 171 mining car loads of oar. The asuav
value of car samples were as follows: Gold.
$42 60; silver, 13 ounces per ton. The south drirt
Ftarted from the tunnel at a point 665 fe,et in
from the mouth was advanced 13 feet; total
length, 55 feet. At a point 50 feet In have
started a west crosscut and advanced the same
12 feet; face in a mixture of clay, quartz and
porphyry with t> seepage of water from the
face. Have hauled to the Nevada mill during
the week 203 tons of ore and milled 180 tons.
The average assays taken from battery sam
ples was $44 30 gold and 12 ounces silver per
ton. Shipped one bar bullion to the United
States Mint at Carson, of the par value of
$3135 13, of which $1465 was gold. On the 900
foot level of the Union shaft workings of the
Sierra Nevada mine, west crosscut No. 6, at a
point 100 feet north from crosscut No. 5, was
advanced 25 feet; total length, 95 feet; face in
porphyry with a strong seepage of water
Brunswick lode— Con. Cal. & Vs., Best & Bel
cher and Gould A Curry, 600 level — The Joint
south drift from the station has been advanced
22 feet; total length. 758 feet; face In porphyry
and quartz. The shaft has been sunk 14 feet
on the Incline; total depth. 1069 feet; bottom In
porphyry. The Joint west crosscut titrated from
the south drift at a point 600 feet from the sta
tion was advanced 14 feet; total length. S7
feet; face In porphyry. Sutro tunnel lovel
Have started Jointly with the Best & Belcher
Savage and Con. Cal. ft Va. companies to run
north In Savage company's ground for the
purpose of -irospectlnir the Brunswick lode on
this level. They are cleaning out and old north
drift started almost opposite the Zadig drift
during the week it has been cleaned out 25
feet.
Occidental Consolidated, 750 level— The up
raise from the west crosscut Is up 10 feet- top
in fair grade ore. Have started a winze in
the north drift from the west crosscut No 1
which is down 3 feet in ore, assaying $25 pet
ton.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE,;
MONDAY, May 16-2 p . m .
Bid.Ask. rij Aak
U S Bonds— Oakland Gas vu, «
4s quar coup..lo9miO\j Pac Gas Imp .85 —
4s quar reg. ..lf*>%lo9 Pac L Co 49V4 si
4s quar new. . .122^,123% S F G & E.. 85 gsv
Miscellaneous— San Fran ju ■>£
Cal-st Cab 55.114%115H Stock Gas... '12 —
Cal El 6s 125 — Insurance—
C C Wat 55... 99 101 Flrem's Fund mv, —
Dup-st ex c. — 9S^i Bank Stocks—
E L & P 65..126V4 — iAnglo-Cal _ «
F & Cl Ry 65. .107 — ißank of Ca1"243U247
Geary-st R sb. — 98 I Cal S D & t' 14 V*
HC & S 6V43..100 105 First Nat . - 202'4 —
LAL Co 6». — 100 I.#on P& A 130 _
Do gntd 65.. — 100 Mer Exchange 10 15
Market-st 65.. — 126 Nev Nat B i*>2<^i>iß
Do 1m M 55.. 112^114 Savings Banks-
Nat Yin 8a Ist - *7Mi Ger S& I, _ lfiv ,
NCNg Ry 75.103 - Hum SA L 1050 1160
NRy Cal 65.. 107 - Mutual Say -I 4?u
N Ry Cal 55..100>4 — S F Say U " — too
NPC R R 65.100>4 — S& L So. ' — 100
NPC R n 58.100 — Security S B 250 —
Oak Gas 65... 100 — Union T Co 950 —
Do 2d Is 55.. 106 109 Street Railroad—
Om Ry 6s 123 124 California .. 108 110
P & O6s 110 — Geary «| -
P&CI Ry 65.. 107 — Market-st ...' 61 ti sz
Powell-st 65...U6 — Presidio 6*4 —
Reno WL&L..IOO - Powder—
SacElec Ry Gs.lOO — California 115 150
SF& N P 68.106^107 R Dynamite. .85 _
SlerraßCal 6b.101W.10> Giant Con Co. 43% 44
ij Pof Ar 65..102>* — Vigorlt 314 3*4
S P Cal (!5... — IIS Miscellaneous—
SPC Is eg 65.. — 96 AI Pac Assn.. — 94
S P Ur 6s 109 109 M.' Ger Ld Wlcs.llo —
S V Wat 85... 116 117 Hana P C 0... 10V4 11%
S V Wat 45.. .102 IP2Vi H C A- S Co.. 16^ 16Ti
Stock Gas 65.. — 103 Hutch S P Co. 1&% 49U
Water Stocks— Mer Ex Ansn. P0 — '
Contra Costa... 55 S7 l s Nat Vln C 0... r- fiH
Marln Co 50 — Oceanic S Co. 47H 49%
Spring Valley. 99* — Pac A F L.... I>4 2*4
Gas A Electric— Pac Bot C0...100V4101
Cent Gaslight. los — Par Paint Co. 7 —
Mutual El Co. 11% 11H
Morning Session.
23 Contra Costa Water ...'......,..:.... 53 00
.250 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 17 00 :
.2V-— do —do :-■-..■. 16 50
.15 S F Gas & Electric, C 0....... 86 50
5 do do ...".......'.....:......... 8S 00
CO S F Gaallßht ....:.....:........'........., 325
219 Spring Valley Water ..;.... 100 00 =
Street— ■ ■■ ■■- .*.-•■ ■ ' ■■-,•
6 Spring. Valley Water .: — .............100 00
■>' : ." -:. ; Afternoon Session. ■ •
135 Hutohlnson S PiC0.. .......■......:.„« CO
100 Hawaiian Commerlcal & Sugar 16 26
100 d 0,., do 16 00
125 do ;.*■ do ."..'..;.... 16 50
100 \do' '.'-. do ■■..; ..;.■..:■..'... ...v...;;;...-i6 75
10 Market-street Railway .r..\.. :...."...:.: 5150 :
10 Oceanic Steamship C0..'.'...:r.:..;.~.:'47 50
85 Pacific Gas 1mp... 'J.. -..'.. ...:.'..": :.:.:;: 84.75
.6 ...do .:.do ....... ;;...:;7~.;....\. ...";.■ 85 00
25 8 F Gas & Electric Co 85 50
75 S F Gaslight 3 25
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
BO Contra Coßta Water B2 00
I 50 do do 53 25
40 Hawaiian C & 8 Co IT 75
! 25 do do a 10 17 60
20 Market-street Railway Co 6123
Afternoon Session.
75 Contra Costa Water 6$ &
10 Hawaiian C & S Co 16 60
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning SeFslon.
100 Caledonia IB jIW Sierra Nevada.. 60
100 Gould & Curry.. 23, 800 59
100 Hale & Norcrs. "it!
Afternoon Session.
100 Alta 16 ICO Overman 02
JOO 15 COO Potosl 23
r.'OO Con Imperial .. Or 60 H
)00 Confidence 44 *00 Savage 12
200 Hale & Norcrs. 75j 100 Sierra Nevada.. «0
250 Mexican 22
FoMnwinr were the sales in the Paclno Stock
Board yesterday:
Mornlnc Session.
200 Belcher 10 200 22
80* Con Cal & Va.. 60 100 Sierra Nevada.. 59
SO 611200 CO
200 Crown Point ... in 500 Union r :on 10
100 Gould & Curry.. 23 POO Utah 07
500 Mexican 23 }P0 Yellow Jacket... 24
1000 Overman 02 ?00 2T>
300 Potoal 24
Afternoon Session.
400 Alta 16.200 Ophlr 40
300 Belcher 09'700Potosi 23
600 Bullion 061800 Savage 12
500 Con Cal A Va.. 61 , 100 Sierra Nevada.. 60
300 Gould & Curry .. 22J300 BP
200 Hale A Norcr«. 78 600 Utah 0i
250 771
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. Mar 16—4 p. m.
Alpha 02 08 1 Justice 06 08
Alta 15 16;Kentuck — 02
Andes 08 -iLady Wash ... - 02
Benton Con ... — 10] Mexican 2
Belcher 08 in! Occidental 9o 100
Best & Belchr. 2S 3o|Ophlr 38 41
Bullion 06 07; Overman 02 03
Caledonia 16 16lPotosl 22 23
Chollar 19 20|SavaKe 12 lo
Challenge Con. 11 12,Sr>g Belcher ... — 1
Cnn Cal & Va. 60 62 Scorpion — 0*
Confidence 43 45 1 Sierra Nevada. d 960
Con Imperial .. — 02 j Silver Hill .... — 07
Crown Point .. 10 11 'Syndicate — 04
Eureka Con ... — 20|Standard ■ —1 o0
Exchequer — 03 Union Con 10 11
Gould & Curry. 23 24 1 Utah 06 0.
Hale & Norcrs. 76 77 i Yellow Jacket. 22 24
Julia — M!
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
George D. Somerset "to": Hannah Doyle, lot j
on SW line of Eleventh street; 106 SW of Har- |
rison. N\V 25, SW 58:6. .SE 25. NE 57:6; $10.
Jeremiah G. -and • Catherine A. Sheehan to
David D. and John T. Sheehan, lot on NE line ,
of Rausch street, 212:6 NW of Folsom. NW
37:6 by NE 11J; also lot on NE line of Rauseh
street, 175 NW of Folsom, NW IS:9 by KE 112; i
$10. !
George J. and Annie Burger to Joseph B. j
Coryell. lot on N line of Seventeenth (Santa
Clara) street. 100 W of Wisconsin. W 25 by X i
100; also lot on W line of Wisconsin. 175 N of i
Seventeenth (Santa Clara). N 125 by W 100: $10. !
Sam? (by S. C. Bigelow and A. A. Smith, ;
trustees) to same, 1667 d 226, lot on W line of |
Wisconsin street. 100 S of Sixteenth (Center). j
S 125 by W 100: also lot on N line of Seven- ,
teenth (Santa Clara), street, 100 W of Wiscon- ;
sin, W 25 by N 100, trustees' deed; $4200.
Charles G. Glbbs to Lena J. Gibbs. lot on W \
line of Berlin street, 125 S of Dwight, S 25 by
W 120, lot 3, block 9. Paul Tract; $5.
Same to.Adelta V. Hooke. lot on W line of
Berlin street. 100 S of Dwight. S 25 by W 120, \
lot 3. block 9, same;. $5.
Johann and Marie Kosel (by Peter Kosel,
attorney) to Thomas A. M earns, • lot 2. block
235, South San Francisco Homestead and Rail- i
roid Association : I~>P.
Henry Selwyn Durdeh to Ida C. Diirden (wife
of H. S.) second party and Francis S.. Leon H.
and John H. Durden. third party, lot on N line '
of Union street, 136:6 E of Octavta. E 27 by N
137:6: also lot onW line of Diamond street,
210 S of Twenty-first. S 50 by W 115:9; the
above property to go to third parties upon :
death of second party: $1.
William and Mary E. Alvord to John Olsen,
lot on E line of Belcher street, 200 N of Four
teenth, N 25 by X 125; $10.
Alameda County.
Beulah Park Camp Meeting: Association to '
Wiillam Weeks, lots 172. 173 and 174. block X, !
Beulah Park Property, East Oakland; $10.
William and Mary Weeks to C. N. Critt*ntnn
and A. W. Dennett, same. East Oakland; $10. ■
Catherine E. ami George Walton to same, i
lots 211. 212. 221. 222, 223. block W, same, Eaßt
Oakland. $10.
.1. S. and Amelia M. Emery to Lucien Rouel- i
Her, lot on SE corner of Park avenue arid j
Emery street, E R6:S by S 125, being 1 portion of j
block 3. In Plot 6, Rancho V. and D. Peralta. i
Oakland Township, quitclaim deed; $10.
John and Frances E. Leechman to John Fry
er, lot on E line of College avenue, 244:6 N of i
Chnnning Way, N 60 by E 200, block D. sub- '
division Berkeley Property. Berkeley; $10.
Emll and Elsie H. Nusbaumer to P. L. Bas
f=ett. lot on E line of Bassett street, 175 N of
Lloyd avenue. N 37:fi by E 100. being lot 12 ;
and 9H lot 13, block B, Frultvale Station Tract,
Brooklyn Township, quitclaim deed; $5.
Patrick L. and Bessie M. Bassett to Alameda '
Building and Loan Association, same, Brooklyn
Township: $10.
Jacob Happersberger to Carrie Happersberjr
er, lot on N line of Russell street, 225 W of ;
Fulton, W W by N 134:6. being lot 30, block
X, Map of Southern portion of Blake Fstate :
In Plot 69, Rancho V. and D. Peralta; Berke- >
ley; gift.
Joseph A. Leonard to Annie E. Leonard, lot ■
on W line of Union street. ICO S of Clinton ;
avenue, W 215.34. S to patent line of Rancho ;
S.-vn Antnnio, E to W line of Union stre-t. N
to beginning, be'ng a portion of Leonard's sub- '
division of Bartlett 50-vara tract, Alameda;
gift.
Anna M. and F. M. Wells Cby Sheriff) to Jay
V. Lawrence, lot on N'W corner of Fifth and
Virginia streets. N 151:3 by W 250, block O,
tract B, Berkeley Land and Town Improve
meat Association, Berkeley: $lf>r.7.
Same and Fred O. Jones (by Sheriff) to same,
lot on NW corner of Folsom and Sixth streets, j
W 272 by N K.n. being the S 100 feet of block
F, tract B, Berkeley Land and Town Improve
ment Association, Berkeley; JI3S7.
Salome Nava to Jacob Junker, lot on E line
of Ellis street. 75.3 N of Fairview. N 37.65 by I
E 120, being the S half of lot 19, Regent-street
Homestead, Berkeley: $10.
Carbine M. Runkle tn Bertha Robinson, lot <
on W line of Henry street. 100 N of Webster. |
N 25 by W 100. lot 40. block 2<>. resubdivlslon ;
of the townslte of Fltchburg, Brooklyn Town- ■
ship; $10.
THE '-ALL CALKNUAJL
May, IS9S.
Su. Mi
1 1
TLIL
15 16
IT 23
"a" so
*n
3
to
17
Ml
•.Vi
.4
11
IS
2J
rh.
Fr.
(
11
20
•a.
14
21
29:
O\ *'«i' Mooi.
W May 5
/O-Last Quarter.
4i May 1!.
a New Moon.
• May 20.
-mFlrßt Quarier
I J*> May W. ,;
Moon's Phrvum.
28
i
bTEAMKKs TO AKKIVK.
ri
Diriijro I 5eatt1e...............
Orizaba Hnmoolat :........
Santa R05a..... San Dleco. ..... i ..
Umatllla... .. Victoria A Puret 9na.... \
Till.iinook Copper River
Empire... _ — I Coos Bay-
Morgan City.. A1a5ka.... ."....:
Star buck. ....... Panama...
8ri5t01....:....'. C0m0x.. ;;....". ...........
State or Cai Hortiana .....■.:'
Coos a.v ..... Nevrnort
Willamette.... Seattle.. ...'..;.....:
Wellln«toa J Departure Bay
Norm For* j »iumcK)lclt
Arcata;.. .... Poos Bay
Washtenaw..... Tacoma. ...
: P0m0na ....... ■»•■ Diegro .."....■...
C010n..:........ Panama ,
Crescent City.* <"res«Hsnt CHT...i.-
Chllk:u_ Eel River :
...:.. P0rt1and...................
City Puebia. . . ■ Vlcto pla ft Puret Sound . .
Homer.' Newport ......... —
Zealandla ...... H0n01u1u......:.:..
Coiumwa ...... I'ortiana.... ...
ay 17
ay i:
ay IT
ay 13 >
ay 13
ay is !
ay 19
,Ty i.< i
[ay 19 !
ay 13
ay 19 ]
ay 20 j
ay 20
ay 20
.ay 21 |
[ay 21
lav 21 I
ay 21 I
a.v 22 !
a.v 22
ay 23 ■
M 24
ay 25
6 tic a: m; its To sail.
MKR. I
;atioxi
Pail«.
Curneao . .. '
Senator....
Homer.....
Chlikat...
Columbia. .
San Jose. . . |
Martno«a:;i
Cleveland.. '
I Santa Rosa
Samoa ....
Orizaba > ..
Coo« Bav°..
I i mat 11ia...
Suite of Cat
Aroata .■■;".;■;
Pomona....
Nortn Fork i
Oregon '.'.'.'". i
Mexico
Puirct Sound .
I New nor: .-:...
Uumboldt. ;v.
Port land. '...'.
Panama.......
.Sydney.:;.....
Pu<ret Sound..
San Uiero .:;;
Humboldt....
llu:nboU(i ....
Newport
Vie & Pgt Sna
P0rt1and.......
Coos M;iv......
San Dto*o
HumboUlt ...
iHortlan k. ;
May 17. 10 am
May 1., 10 am
May IT. ".« AM
Mar 17. 2 rv
M.-IV IS. 11 AM
May 18. is M
May 18. 2 I'M
May 18. 12 . M
May 10. 11 A *
I May 19. 10 AM
May 20. 10 AM
May 21. 9 am
May 21. 10 AM
May 21. 10 .am
May -'1. 10 am
May .zS. 11 a*
| .May 24. :.:.:.
;Mr'V ■■*■ iO '>'
Ptor 11 .
Pier v l
Pier 11 ;
I'ler lo :
jf»l«r 12 i
IPM SS
I Pier 7
I Plor i
I Pier 11
jpter "•'•
Pier 11
Plor • |
Pl«r ti
Pier 1» |
Plor U
jpi'r'i-J
NOTICE TO MAIUNEKS.
A branch of the United States Hydrosraphtc
Office, located In the Merchant*' Exchange, Is
maintained In San Francisco for the benent 01
mariners without regard to nationality ana
free of expense.* ■ : '■■-'■ . ,■, ■  ..
.-/ Navigators are cordially Invited to visit tn«
office, where complete sets of chart* and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on nan «
for i comparison . and ; reference, and the in test
information • can always ; be obtained ■ regarding
lights, ; dangers ,to navigation and , all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce. ■ ►■,".• _
J The timeball on top of the building on Tele
graph; Hill is hoisted . about ten minutes - b«f ore
noon, and is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian,
by . telegraphic I signal received I each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mara
Island. Ca1. ,.. v. :• • :-\ ■ ■. ■ -<- .■; -.-->'.;'••-".:•.■
; -■'■ A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time or giving the error. If any, Is
published . th» atun« day by the afternoon - pa
pers and by the morning papers the foHo\ci Bl
Aay J' T. MCMILLAN
Assistant In Charts.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Height? of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, Entrance to Sa*
• Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE.— The high and low waters occur at
the city front '(Mission-street wharf) about |
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point; | /
the height of tide is the same at both places. •'
MAY ~ l ' ~~
Tuesday. May 17.
Pan rwes - • -."■ •.•■•• }'**
Sun eew.-... • ••••• «:1S
Moon rises •• * *~ a. m.
|Tlme Feet |Tlme| Feet | Time ! Peet | lima ' Feßt
ifTw' H W L W H \V
ITI 3:2»i' UJ> 10:l0i
13! 4:(lW 0.0 1 10:5>
lit 4:4T —".8! 11:46
2U 1 5:26 -i\i 12:35
21 1 6:04 —0.6 1:25
22i <J:»O. —.6 2:ol>i
I.M »:001
441 <i:W
4 4 4:12
4.3 4:45
4.3 6:2--'
4.8 ; K:ul
2.X: .:21
2.: I »-m
2.!> I It i;
3.1 10: .4
3.2 11: *!
3 4 11.54, I
II
~SI
5
14
NOTE.— In the above exposition or ti>«- i,,le«
the parly morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of th«
Jay In the order of occurrence as to time. Tha
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the thlnl tide,
and the last or right hand column gives tha
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The height*
given are additions to the soundings on th»
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when ■ minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plans of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographio Office, U. 9. N., Mer
chant*' Exchange. San Francisco. May
16. 1898.
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropp<"4
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon of tn«
120 th meridian, or exactly 8 p. tn.. Gr*snwlcl»
time. C. P. WELCH.
Ensign, V. 8. N., In charge.
SHIPPIJG INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday, May 18.
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson,4s hours from Port
Los Angeles.
Btmr Santa Crux, Olsen, 12 hours from Moss
Landing.'
Stmr Signal, Bendegard, 8 days from Grays
Harbor. , .
Stmr Samoa, Jahnson, 24 hours from Eu- 1
reka.
Stmr Chllkat, Dunham, 26 hours from Eu
reka.
Nor stmr Tltanla, Egeness, 3 days 16 hours
from Nanalmo.
Br stmr Doric. Smith, 27 days from Hong
kong, via Yokohama 17 days, via Honolulu 5
days and 23 hours.
Ship Aryan. Dickinson, 123 days from New
York.
Br ship Star of Bengal, Oliver, 31 days from
Santa Rosalia.
Br bark City of Adelaide, Williamson, 71 day*
from Newcastle. NSW.
Bktn Arago, Perry, 23 days from Honolulu.
Schr Abbie, Hansen, 4S hours from aspar.
-.' Pchr Kate and ■ Anna, • Lutjen, from hunting
and fishing.
Schr Jennie Thelin, Hansen, 6 1 * days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Mary C, Campbell. 8 hours from Bo
dega.
CT.KARrJD.
Monday, May 16.
Haw stmr San Mateo, Fletcner, Comox; Pa
cific Imp Co.
Stmr Ohio, Broomhead, Seattle; Williams.
Dimond 4 Co.
Stmr Homer, Jessen , San Pedro; Goodall.
Perkins 4 Co.
Br ship r>rummulr. Withers, Callao; Balfour,
Guthrle & Co.
Schr Penelope. Delano, Kotzzebue Sound;
Long Beach and Alaska Minim; Co.
Slehr Joseph Russ, Peterson, Kadiak; Alaska
Commercial Co.
BAILED.
Monday, May 18.
Stmr Greenwood, Carlson.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen. Mendocino.
Stmr Crescent City. Stockfleth. Crescent City.
Stmr Alice Blanchard. Warner, Yaquina Hay.
Stmr Walla Walla, Wallace, Victoria and
Port Townsend.
Schr Barbara Hernster, Jensen.
stmr Ohio, Broomhead. Seattle.
Bktn Jane A Falkinburg, Cook. Kotzebu*
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. May 16. 10 p. m.— Weather,
hazy; wind, W; velocity. 20 miles.
CHARTERS.
i The Galilee load? mdse for Tahiti.
t The Knight Commander loads lumber at Van
couver for Europe, 67s 6<J.
MISCELLANEOUS..
ALGOA BAT, May 15— Br ship Ktlmnry,
previously reported having broke from anchor.
has returned here.
The schr Jennie Thelin, Captain Hansen,
bound In this morning. May 16, from Grays
Harbor, while coming to anchor on Metg.cs
wharf collided with the pilot boat Lady Mine.
The pilot boat had her starboard main rig
ging carried away, part of starboard rail and
planking broken and badly chafed. The ves
sels were parted by the U S stmr Geerge M
NEW YORK. May 15— Stmr Alllanca from
Colon grounded on shoal in lat 15 51 N, long
82 16 W, and jettisoned 700 tons of cargo and
floated without apparent damage.
MEMORANDUM.
Per Alcazar— On May 15 at 10 p. m.. saw tug
Walter Hackett with two barges In tow from
Port Harford, for San Francisco.
Per Nor stmr Tltania— May 16 at 2 p. m. 12
miles SE of Point Reyes passed a bell buoy
adrift.
SPOKEN.
April 26— Lat 36 N. long 44 W, ship Henry
Failing, from Philadelphia, for Port Los An-
X< Per Galilee— No date In lat 28 10 N, long 152
35 W, schr Transit, hence April 23, for Hono
lulu.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COOS BAT— Sailed May 16— Stmr Empire, for
San Francisco.
KILLISNOO— SaiIed May s— Schr Azalea, for
Kahului. r .
USAL—Arrlved May 16— Schr Neptune, henca
May 11: schr LUa and Mattte, hence May 4.
EUREKA— Arrived May 16— Bktn Uncle John,
from Newport. .. > ■■ ...
NEWPORT— Arrived May Stmr Alcatraz.
from Fort Bragfr. _ , "
EUREKA— Arrived May 16— Stmr Lakme. hna
COOS BAT— Barbound May Stmr Empire,
for San Francisco. „ .
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived May 15— Schr
Newark, hence May I*. "  {
Sailed May 16— Schr Monterey, for Ventura.
' PORT BLAKELET- Arrived May 16— Scnr
Comet, from San Pedro.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived May Bktn
Katie Fllcklnger. from Noumea. _
EUREKA— Arrived May 16— Bktn Eureka.
*ASTORI A— Sailed May 16— Ger stmr Tal Fu.
fO TA V COMA°lArrlved May 16-Bar* Columbia,
"aN DlEGO— Arrived May 16— U S stmr Alert
SAN DlEGO— Arrived May 16— L S stmr Alert
fr FORT~BRAGG— Sailed May 16-6tmr Coquilla
Rl |}'lAl^ r Sa i?fd F M a ay Cl r^Schr M^le C Russ.
fO STE\VARTS POINT-Sailed May 16-Schr J
EE O L Y^rPirsitfed F Ci l^BarK Vldette. for
Sa GRA e YS°- HARBOR-Arrived May 15-Schr
Helen N Kimball. hence April 29. May 1«-
Schr Chas R Wilson, hence May S.
DEPARTUR^^A^ArI^May lc _ QhlT ,
DEPARTURE BAT-Arlved May 16-Shlj>
E i ONbON -laned Mar 14-Br ship Comber-
Gl S AWL r E Or pOIXT-Passed May t 15-Br ship
Franc sco Ma> - »r Francisco. May
ria: kt " v of o de Janeiro, for Yokohama.
U'^n^L Stanford, for San Fran-
Cl KAHULUI-Sai!ed May 5-Bktn;GeoC.Perk
'^iLO^ailfd^May^Ship Uevi G Bur .
HII J O--^nert >ia> GeoTge stetson. -Tor
is>w York. May 5-Brlg Consuelo. for San
F X?AvOI°UI.U-Arrived April 30-Schr Kin?
HONOLtL'L « t , NSW . May 1-Arg brk
£?;"" in va from Newcastle. NSW; strai- City
5 Pcktng' from Yokohama: Br stmr Paroo, fm
° f T»v Vav A— Bark Ceylon, from Seattle.
£r „ a^Schr transit, hence April 23: schr Em-
May anril Loulse/from San Diego. : May 6-Haw
ia v Maima Aa, hence April 17: bktn Archer.
bark MaitM 21 »• May, 7-Stmr City of Rio de
Janefro^hencrApril 30. May 9-Br stmr Doric.
} JZ. Yokohama: schr Esther Buhne. fromEu
rek?. May IS-Bktn ; Amelia, from Port Blake-
''kaHIXT'I- Arrived April 29— Schr Allen A.
from Tacomd.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NFAV YORK— Arrived May 16— Stmr Mlnne
waska. from London; stmr Europe, from Lon-
OHERBOI'RG- Sailed May 16— Stmr Koenlgln
T>oui=<? for New York.
GIHHALTAR— SaiIed May 16— Stmr "Werra,
"LIVERPOOL— Arrived May IS— Stmr Pavonl»
from Boston.
HAMBURG- Sailed May 16— Stmr Patria. for
New York.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived May 16— Stmr
Pennland. from Liverpool.
SWISS-AMERICAN BANK
Of Locarno, Switzerland, and
CALIFORNIA MORTGAGE & SAVINGS BANK,
G24 Montgomery street, San Francisco.
Paid up capital and reserves $620,000
A General Savings and Commercial Banking
business transacted.
Interest paid on savings deposits.
Loans on approved real estate security and
on commercial paper.
DIRECTORS:
Ernst A. Denlclte, A. Sbarboro, J. C. Rued,
E. Martlnoni, F. C. Slebe. A. Tognaaztnt, H.
Brunner. McD. R. Venable, J. C. Bauer, F.
Kronenber*. Chaa. Martin, C. Gehret, F. Tog-
nazzlni. S. Grand!, O. Rottanzl.HE WROTE
"CHARITY"
ON A PASS
Huntington's Indian
Gift to One Poor
Woman.
No Questions About News
paper Blackmail and
Hush Money.
He Tells a Beautiful Story
About Supplying Corn
at Cost.
The Betnvolent Financier Regrets
His Inability to Enlighten
she Commission.
The Southern Pacific sage and diplomat,
C. P. Huntington, passed yesterday morn-
Ing in United States Commissioner Hea
cock's court answering questions relating
to the operating expenditures of his road
In 1594. Among other things he was re
quested to explain certain entries made in
the report regarding the deficiencies in
the different branches.
The indomitable witness appeared before
the Railroad Commissioners in the after
. noon, and, cool and collected as ever, en
' tertained his interrogators by telling
them everything that they didn't want to
know. ■•-:■"- ■
As on previous occasions, the attorneys
i for the State and the commissioners gave
a wide berth to anything that would tend
to draw from the witness anything per
taining to the thousands of dollars that
have been paid to a certain San Fran
cisco i newspaper as hush money. This
particular item of contingent expense
does not seem to possess any attractions
for the legal gentlemen who are probing
for facts.
The value of the railroad property was
the principal thing that the Commission
ers aimed to draw from the witness, but |
the secret still remains locked up in the i
vault of his mental depository, and the
indications up to date are that it will
stay there.
"The road cost the stock and bonds and I
floating Indebtedness," . said Hunting
ton. "I believe we shall sometime get a !
fair interest on what it cost."
Taking this answer as a basis of cal- ;
culation, the Commissioners concluded not
to attempt to figure out the cost of the
property.
When asked how much the Central Pa
cific could be constructed for at this time |
Mr. Huntington said no one could tell un
less he were a prophet or the son of a ;
prophet. He had known rails to go ;
up in a month from $45 to $80. j
"Timber: doesn't vary much, ' said j
he. "Metal, however, in its crude \
state is very much lower than It ;
was: but when the crude metal goes into |
manufactured shape, it goes up: for In
stance, If made into watch springs It
might be worth $100 a pound."
In the same manner he answered ques
tions relating to the disposal of bonds, >
the land grants and donations and the |
division of profits among the Big Four. ,
The lands had been given condi- j
tionally upon the building of the road, wid j
Mr. Huntington insisted that anybody do- ,
ing as much as he had. done in construct
ing railroads should be. rewarded.
Then Mr. Huntington took up the sub
ject of passes. .. -;• -• j
"I have given away a .great many |
passes," he said, "and I would like i
to give away a great many more. ,
It would make me very uncom
fortable to sit in my office: and hear the
hard luck: stories. I gave a pass to a |
woman to-day, and wrote 'chanty on It.
She cried and said she could not use it
with that word on it."
He was in favor of giving a pass ■ to
every competent man who worked for the
State for as low a salary as $3000, so that
he could travel over the State, even if ]
he (Huntington) had to pay a little more i
for his own fare. His charity passes were :
numerous, yet outside of official passes .
he thought not one man In a thousand
secured free transportation. There arc
not so many free passes Issued as a year ;
SCO «■"-''-:■-'■*- ■ -..'-
Mr. Hinton remarked that it was the
intention of the commission to treat both .
sides fairly. , , , .„ I
"The commission has a political end, i
observed Mr. Huntington. "I believe _t ]
was intended for a political machine. If ;
there was not a political object in this i
matter there never would have been a i
Railroad Commission." ' ■ - .--'
He was "called down" for this expres- I
sion of opinion, but he kept right on, and
told how he had intended to transport
corn from Nebraska and sell it in Cali- j
fornia at actual cost. He recounted the j
good things accomplished by the rail- 1
road, whose rates were the lowest in the j
world. "The only stock subscribed in
San Francisco for the Central Pacific," j
Bald Mr. Huntington, "was ten shares by I
'a German shoemaker and ten shares by
a Spanish-Mexican woman."
While discussing Stanford, in response
to answers. Mr. Huntington praised him
for his truthfulness, but criticised him for
his business methods. "Stanford, it is
true, had $1,500,000 as a starter, but he got
it from his brother," said he. ,
"Didn't Stanford testify to the truth
when he stated that they (the Big Four)
drew out $13,000,000 apiece?" asked- Com
missioner Hinton. .
"The stock was sold and we got divi- :
dends." was Huntington's reply. "Stan
ford didn't steal any money— what he got
he got honestly." . :
"I didn't mean to say that he did, an
swered Mr. Hinton.
"You might make something of this—
not money, but—" X:".
Huntington was about to finish, but was
called to order by Hinton, who wanted !
him to understand that he. the commis- i
sioner, was not on trial. .
"These matters are revamped, and—"
» . "Nothing of the kind— nothing is being
revamped," retorted Hinton, with consid- j
erable emphasis. - ■ ;
After some further discussion :it was
concluded to excuse Mr. Huntington un
til further notice, although ; the mag
nate is very anxious to sever his ' dipio
lomatic relations with ..the .California
Railroad Commission. - **~ v
CHASED WITH A HATCHET.
A Hotel-Keeper Swears Out a War
rant for Miss J. Kean's Arrest.
Jesus Borboa, proprietor of the Spanish-
American Hotel, 459 Geary strr-et, swore
to a complaint in Judge Low's court yes
terday for the arrest .of Miss J. Kean on
a charge of asault with a deadly weapon.
Borboa, with the aid of an interpreter,
stated that Miss Kean had fallen In ar
rears for the rout of her room, and as he.
found that she had heen surreptitiously
removing part of her furniture he told
her to leave, and put a padlock on her
door. On Sunday afternoon Miss Kean
went to the rear of the hotel, and, pro
curing a hatchet, smashed the kitchen
door in pieces, and when Borboa Inter
fered she chased him and attempted to
'e:rike him with the hatchet. He managed
to make his escape.
» ♦ ■
PRICE . MADE LIEUTENANT.
The Well-Known Sergeant Appointed
Successor to the Late William
Burke.
The Police Commissioners last night
promoted Sergeant William Price to the
position of lieutenant, to fill the vacancy
caused by the death of Lieutenant Burke.
For a number of years Price and Burke
worked together and made a brilliant
I record. Price was afterward placed in
charge of the Chinatown squad, ana on
account of his strong opposition to high
binders the dubbed him the "White
Devil."
The new lieutenant has been connected
with the department for a cumber of,
years and is held in Tiigh regard by the
Police Commissioners. He has been as
signed to duty at the Seventeenth-street
station, to alternate with Captain Glllen.
Policeman Murphy, who got drunk sev
eral nights ago and abused Sergeant
Brophy. was let off with a fine of $20.
The charge of unofflcerlike conduct pre
ferred aprainst Polic<«man Heinz by Joseph
Riley was dismissed.
■ ♦ ■
WILL BE SENT EAST.
Bemenyi's Remains Will Be Em
balm^d and Shipped to
New York.
Edouard Remenyi had many friends In
life, and since death closed the eyes of the
great violinist he has not been forgotten.
His body has been taken charge of by
Coionel Kowarsky, who had it removed
to the undertaking parlors of Porter &
White, with orders to have it embalmed
and prepared for shipment to the East.
All day yesterday Colonel Kowalsky
was besieged with offers of assistance
by many who had known and respected
the deceased during life. First among
these were the representatives of the Or
pheum company, who agreed to pay all
the expenses of having the body em
balmed and shipped East. Many of his
fellow musicians also came and requested
that they be given the privilege of hold
ing a service over the body before it Is
sent away for interment. It is probable
that a joint service of the musicians and
Austrian societies will be held.
Rcmenvi's widow lives in New York,
and is at present ill with heart disease.
The news was broken to her gradually.
First a telegram was sent stating that
he was seriously ill: then one that there
was no hope, and finally the news of his
death. The family has already been
communicated with regarding the dis
posal of the body, but no definite instruc
tions have as yet been received.
It is stated by some that the great mu
sician leaves his family in somewhat
straitened circumstances, and in view of
thi* fact a benefit entertainment is al
ready boing talked of. If this proves to
be the case the plans will take some tan
gible form before the end of the week.
YACHTSMEN WILL
BURY THE HATCHET
The San Francisco Club Agrees
to Re-enter the Asso
ciation.
A Change in By-Laws the Feature
of Business at a General
Meeting-
A general meeting of the members of
the San Francisco Yacht dub was held
last night at the Merchants' Exchange.
There were present Commodore Dr. T.
L. Hill, Vice-Commodore George T. S.
White, Treasurer R. B. Hogue, Finan
cial Secretary W. G. Morrow, Measurer
J. M. Punnett and several members of
the club. The new by-laws prepared
by the committee for the revision of
by-laws, consisting of G. T. S. White,
R. B. Hogue and W. G. Morrow, were
read over by Treasurer R. B. Hogue
and discussed. The principal differences
between the old by-laws and the new
are found in the rules regulating the
nomination and election of officers and
upon these sections there was much
discussion. The by-laws were accepted
with some amendments, which are to
be incorporated by the revision com
mittee.
A communication was read from Dr.
C. L. Tisdale, president of the Pacific
Interclub Yacht Association, express
ing a hope that delegates from the San
Francisco Yacht Club would be sent to
the next meeting of the association.
After considerable discussion and a
strong protest from one or two mem
bers against re-entering the association
until an acknowledgment be received
from its officials that an injustice was
done two years ago to the San Francis
co Yacht Club, it was decided to re
enter the association.
Next Saturday evening there will be
a hop at the new home of the San
Francisco Yacht Club, for which invi
tations may be obtained by members
on application to the secretary. Visitors
may take the 7:25 ferryboat from the
city and tt launch will leave the club
house 'rt'harf about 11 o'clock to take
them back.
PACIFIC COAST COMMERCE.
The Matter of Its Protection Has
Been Considered at Washington.
Several weeks ago the Chamber of Com
merce sent to the Pacific Coast Represen
tatives at Washington copies of a resolu
tion asking for better protection for
commerce on the Pacific Coast from the
depredations of Spanish privateers that
it was feared might prey upon the ves
sels of the Pacific Ocean. The matter
was taken up by the parties addressed,
and yesterday the chamber received the
following copy of a letter sent by Secre
tary Long of the Navy Department to
Senator Perkins and Congressman Hil
born:
I have the honor to acknowledge the re
■ f your letter of the f>th met., in
closing a copy of resolutions adopted by the
Chamber of Commerce of San Francisco rela
tive to the protection of the commerce of the
Pacific.
In reply I have to inform you that the mat
ter has recently heen referred to the Naval
War Board, which reports that the command
ant in chief of the Pacific station has been
instructed in regard to the general subject of
the Pacific Coast defense. Very respectfully,
JOHN D. LONG.
Secretary.
■ ♦ »
The Emeric Will Contest.
Judge Belcher yesterday set aside an
order made by him on Saturday granting
letters of administration to Cornelia Myr
tle Barbier on the estate of the late Mrs.
Eugenic Emeric. Harry Emeric, husband
of the decedent, filed a contest to the
probatinp of the will on Friday, and Pub
lic Administrator Freese, with the con
sent of the contestant, filed a petition for
letters of special administration during
the pendency of the contest. Judge
Belcher, without consulting the record,
granted Cornelia Myrtle Barbier special
letters. When his mistake was called to
his attention yesterday he rectified it by
setting aside the original order. The
matter will now come up for hearing
next Friday before Judge Troutt.
Pasturing on a Reservation.
United States Attorney Foote yesterday !
filed in the United States District Court i
a suit to recover $440 from John Rohr- i
baugh as penalty for pasturing cattle on
the Round Valley Indian Reservation in
Mendocino County.
Stabbed by a Sailor.
Freda Sperry, a middle-aged woman,
engaged in a row with a sailor in a
saloon on the Barbary Coast last night
fi ml was stabbed twice in the left leg.
She was taken to the Receiving Hospital,
where the wounds were dressed by Dr.
Rumwell.
• ♦ ■
Struck His Mother.
John Tooraey, aged 19 years, was ar
rested last night for striking his aged
mother with an iron poker because she
objected to his staying out late at night.
He was charged with battery.
PEACEFUL BLOCKADE
IDEA ABANDONED.
Orders Given Commanders of the
Squadron to Bombard Where
Besistance Is Offered.
CHICAGO, May 16.— A special from
Washington says: President McKinley
has abandoned his peaceful blockrde
idea. Orders were to-day cabled to the
commander of the blockading squad
ron that wiu -ive him an opportunity
to turn his ships loose on all fortifica
tions where resistance is offered.
Every Cuban port that is strongly
protected will be attacked, and the
bombardment will be kept v" until the
Spanish guns are silenced and all sun
boats are sunk, j
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 17, 1898.
HOOP LA!
CHASSEZ TO
THE FRONT
Society Girls Want
the Beaux to Go
to War.
Would Form a Swell and
Altogether Select
Company.
List of Names and Proper
Qualifications Ready for
Approval.
THE VALETS WILL, FOLLOW
New York Sots the Fashion and
San Frenciseo Will Do
Likewise.
San Francisco— that Is, social San Fran
cisco, which always follows where New
York leads— is for the first time derelict,
and the neglect is so apparent, the fault
so monstrous that the feminine portion of
local society is dissolved in tears.
New York has sent its company of
swells to the front. Its womankind
cheered them and waved them adieu, and
each bud and belle tucked her tricolored
cockade under the protecting stem of a
brass button that was born to embellish
the fatigue jacket of a brave private.
The local bud. or belle, or fashionable
matron, wears her red, white and blue,
but the button comes not, alas! from the
beaus. And so there ara tears and sighs
and waitings, and San Francisco society
lives in an atmosphere of thwarted hopes
and general discontent.
If our elegant men are not alive to this
damaging social breach our girls are.
Though crushed and unhappy, such is
their patriotism that they have taken it
upon themselves to personally see to the
mustering of a company. They have with
unusual perspicacity recognized the im
portance of each gentleman being accom
nanied by his valet, and have interviewed
th? valets They claim glorious results.
lh Thls dea of sending a fashionable , com
pany to the front, though born sudden >
of a. spirit of imitation, has been carefully
considered. Each and every -man selected
is the equal in ease and dexterity to any
lieutenant that gracedthe _ Arm> »nd ,Na .>
Cotillion. Many of them have ii ce 2 llt can
remarkable success, and not one but can
"chassez" down the line nimbly and with
Pl Wha"t S thev may lack in military train
in? fheirballroom talents will make , more
than ample compensation for. Military
authorities have been known o d * cla ™
the ability to "two-step" equal if not
superior to the "hay foot, straw foot."
Thus£ reason the tender, clinging buds
who live for their country, brass-button
hat Pins and the latest New York styles.
?n the r enthusiasm they have even gone
so far as to jot down the following names
To be submitted to the proper authorities.
Kd Sheldon. Walter Martin Peter Mar
tin. Andrew Martin. Robert Eyre.Latham
McMullin. Harry Holbrook, Harry Dib
blee James Phelan, George iMewhall,
Hugh Tevis. Harry Tevis, Clement Tobin.
Dick Tobin, Edward Dononoe and John
Eacl? and every man was selected only
after mature consideration and with a
regard for some special qualifications to
fit him for the front.
Ed Sheldon is especially fitted to lead,
and though he is loath to exercise the pre
rogative, he is recognized by all as Green
way's only successful rival. The three
Martin boys excel in the art supreme of
"chassezing," which the girls imagine will
come in usefully in skirmishes. But only
two of the Martin boys can fill the ranks
of the select company. Walter Martin
had to go to New York to be usher at the
Mackay-Duer wedding.
Robert Eyre, Latham McMullin, Harry
Holbrook and Harry Dibblee are all
graceful and dashing and brave, and
while the buds fear Phelan may not be
able to leave the city alone to the tender
mercies of the citizens, they more than
declare in favor of George Newhall, solid
and true, esthetic and brave.
Hugh Tevis and Dr. Harry Tevis repre
sent the very flower of southern chivalry,
and all are confident that the Tobin boy 3
could immediately put. alone and unaided,
a whole regiment of Spaniards to flight.
Edward Donohoe and John T. Doyle are
just as popular, and the girls are deter
mined they should go.
Of course, these names form but a bril
liant nucleus round which others of equal
magnitude are to be gathered.
With the delicious frankness for which
California girls are noted belles and buds
openly admit that they are selfish. "We
have studied the matter carefully," they
declare. "The war will be over before
winter sets in. We have learned to do
without the men during the summer
months, and all bur boys can be back in
time for the first cotillion."
JEFFRIES WILL
FIGHT RUHLIN
The Los Angeles Heavy-Weight
Is to Take a Vacation in
the South.
Charley McKeevar, the Clever Wel
ter-Weight, Has Arrived From
New York.
Charley McKeever, the clever Eastern
'■ welterweight pugilist, is in this city. He
I arrived from New York on Sunday, and
is expecting to be matched against any
one of the 140-pound pugilists who are
seeking favorable consideration from the
local athletic clubs. The National Club
managers are of the opinion that Mc-
Keever- and Daly would make a good
drawing card, and with that object fn
view they have communicated with Daly's
manager, Sam Fitzpatrick. According to
Eastern reports Daly is growing rapidly
in weight, and his manager is of the opin
ion that in this balmy climate he could
not possibly meet Lavigne at the figures
"the Kid" would assuredly demand if a
match, to take place on this coast, is
contemplated. McKeerer says the New
York clubs cannot "pull off" any good
flstic contests for several weeks, and that
O'Rourke informed him that owing to
certain political maneuvers first-class
matches will not be tolerated in New York
for some time.
Jack Daly has proven in his recent en
gagements with Lavigne that he is a
first-class welter, and doubtless a contest
between him and McKeever would prove
quite interesting.
The Alpine Athletic Club will give its
first athletic entertainment at 23 Golden
Gate, avenue on Thursday evening. The
principal event on the card is an eight
round cpntest between Jlmmie Lawler of
the Excelsior Club and Sam Maxwell of
the Alpine Club. If Maxwell can fight
at the present time as well as he has
fought in the past, Lawler will have a
busy time dodging sledgehammerpunches.
The San Francisco Athletic Club will
entertain its members on Wednesday
evening at the clubrooms, 431 Sixth street.
A first-class athletic bill of fare will be
presented. Some old scores will be wiped
out on this occasion.
Jim Jeffries has finished his contract
with a Mission street theater, and ex
pects to depart from Oakland to-morrow
for his home in Los Angeles. He says
that he has had a surfeit of fighting, and
will take a well-earned rest before he
talks pugilism again. "But you can say
this much for me," remarked the big
heavyweight, "if Ruhlin is successful in
bis fight with McCoy, he can have an
other chance with me to settle that little
"draw" affair. My hands are now in a
wretched condition, but I guess they will
be all right in a month or so. Ruhlin is
the man I will be after next."
FUNERAL OF THE
GALLANT ENSIGN.
The United States and North Caro
lina Pay Tribute to Slain
Worth Bagley.
RALEIGH, May 16.— The United
States and North Carolina to-day paid
noble tribute to the memory of the
gallant ensign, Worth Bagley, the
first officer killed in the war with
Spain. Nothing: to approach to-day's
funeral pageant was ever seen here.
The body arrived late last night and
was met by an escort of volunteers
and taken to the house of Ensign Bag
ley's widowed mother, where a detail
of troops kept constant guard. The
love of all classes of people for the
dead officer was shown in the stream
of callers and wealth of floral tributes.
The latter came from near and far,
and it was significant that most of
them were red, white and blue. On
the casket were the dead officer's
chapeau and sword. ,
The body remained at the house until
2:30 o'clock this afternoon, when it was
taken to the Capitol and placed in the
rotunda. The rotunda was draped in
the national and State colors.
A steady stream of people flowed by
for two hours. The face was not ex
posed. It was reported that it was dis
figured by the explosion of the shell,
but this was inaccurate. The face wore
a smile. The casket was removed from
the rotunda at 5 o'clock and placed in
front of the statue of Washington,
where the exercises were held in the
presence of the family and the city
clergy and 10,000 people, including all
United States, State and city offi
cials, military veterans, cadets and
school children. Colonel Thomas S.
Kennon was master of ceremonies.
Fifteen thousand people saw the pro
cession. All business was suspended
during the exercises*
The ceremonies at the grave were
brief, consisting of the committal to
the grave, prayer and benediction, and
a hymn, "The Seaman's Prayer."
As the procession moved eleven guns
were fired by a battery and eleven were
fired at the grave, and then two regi
ments fired three volleys. The body
was buried quite near the grave of En
sign Bagley's grandfather, Governor
Worth.
The ceremonies were marked by deep
public feeling, and the military por
tion of them was that proper at the
burial of a brigadier-general.
FIVE MISSIONARIES
SLAIN BY NATIVES.
Dr. and Mrs. McGrew Not Among
the Killed at Sierra Leone.
WASHINGTON. May 16.— Secretary Day
has telegraphed Embassador Hay at Lon
don to procure all information he can in I
regard to the alleged massacre of Ameri- j
can commissaries and the destruction of |
mission property at Sierra Leone, on the j
west coast of Africa, and to make special
efforts to ascertain whether Mr. and Mrs.
McGrew were among the number killed.
On the 9tn inst. Embassador Hay sent
a cable message to the Secretary of State j
saying that he had received the following ;
message from ths London i'oreign Office. I
being an extract from a telegram of the
Governor of Sierra Leone, Sir F. Carden,
to Mr. Chamberlain:
Regret to inform you that th« following
American missionaries were killed by insur
gent bands at Rotifunk: Mr. and Mrs. Cain,
Misses Archer. Hatfield and Plebenck. Miss
Ward, as well as the following named mis
sionaries, are here, quite safe: Mr. and Mrs.
Buntner and Mr. and Mrs. Mtnshall from
Shelgeh. and Miss Mullen from Hlinialigri.
This message makes no reference to Dr.
and Mrs. McGrew, and their friends in
this country are becoming apprehensive
as' to their possible fate. Secretary Day
Instructed Embassador Hay to make
further inquiry about them. Embassador j
Hay replied on the 13th inst. that Mr. and i
Mrs. McGrew were stationer! at Robetta j
and were safe. On the following day the j
Secretary of State cabled the American
Embassador at London that they were
stationed at Talma at last accounts.
All of these missionaries were Ameri
cans, who were sent to Sierra Leone by
the United Brethren of Christ Mission of
Dayton, Ohio.
ELECTION FRAUDS AT
STANFORD UNIVERSITY.
Faculty Committee Finds Evidence of
Much Illegal Voting.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY", May 16.—
Since the appointment by Dr. Jordan of
the faculty committee to investigate the
charge of fraudulent and illegal voting in
the last student body election, the college
has been on the gui vive. The probable
findings of the committee and the accu
mulating evidence of unfair play have
been the main topics of conversation since
the- big mass-meeting of Friday last. To
day the investigators— Professors Bran
ner, Elliott, Greer, Durand and Whittier—
made their report and the suspense was
ended.
After three days of careful inquiry the
committee became convinced that a re
election for all contested offices was neces
sary. Developments since the scrutiny
began show that the names of forty-six
students who cast no ballots were marked
in the register as voted. But two voted
who were not scratched from the polling
list. In the ballot-box were found 918
votes, while the catalogue of students
showed C'o2 who had deposited tickets.
All told, there were about sixty votes in
the box that did not belong there.
Who the guilty or criminally careless
persons are will probably never be known,
for the system, being a loose one, there
are always many opportunities for dis
honesty from the time the voting begins
until the ballots are counted.
HALSTEAD A PRISONER
' BUT NOT TORTURED.
Case of the New York Herald Cor-
respondent Investigated by
England.
WASHINGTON, May 16.— The British
Embassy was requested recently to se
cure information concerning the Porto
Rican correspondent of the New York
Herald named Halstead, a British sub
ject, who was said to be undergoing
torture at San Juan. On inquiry of
the London Foreign Office the Embassy
is informed that Halstead was con
victed of making photographs of the
Porto Rican fortifications and was sen
tenced to .nine years' imprisonment.
The reports of torture are denied.
THOUSANDS DIE IN
A CYCLONE'S PATH.
Town in the Malayan Archipelago
Destroyed by a Terrific
Hurricane.
LONDON, May 17.— A dispatch to the
Standard from The Hague says: Accord
ing to a private telegram from India, a
terrible cyclone has destroyed a great
part of Bima, a sea*K>rt town of the
island of Sumbawa, Malayan Archipelago.
The Bhores of Sumbawa Bay are covered
with the bodies of thousands of victims.
The town of Kupang, island of Timor,
escaped the force of the hurricane.
Mourning at Alviso.
SAN JOSE. May 16.— The funeral of
Charles Bradley, a well-known resident
of this valley, took place from his home
at Alvlso to-day. His death occurred
yesterday. He was a native of Ohio and
47 years of age. At the time of his death
he was a Justice of the Peace at Alvlso.
MORE COTS FOR
SICK SOLDIERS
The Red Cross Society
Makes Provision for
Greater Relief*
Men of the Heavy Artillery
Grateful for the Comforts
Given Them.
A Ready Response From Patriots
to th« Call Of Hu
manity.
Another hospital tent has been erected
by the Red Cross Society at the Presidio
camp, and 5 the ; organization has now ■ ac
commodation for, about two dozen V sick
soldiers, r The hospital tent that was first
put up ' soon had its quota of patients,
and the second one became a necessity.
The two trained ; nurses who a week | ago
volunteered . their services and who were
placed in charge of the first tent soon had
all they could attend to, and should more
patients be given to the care •of the so
ciety more nurses will have to be placed
in the service of mercy. There will
be no lack of good nurses to choose from
for the positions. The books of the society
have the names of about fifty competent
men who are willing to give their services
to their country in; the hospital service,
and it is not unlikely that several of them
will be called to take charge of the hew
tent before many hours. :
The soldiers are grateful for the Inter
est the members of the society are taking
in them, and the Red Cross is cheered by
the men every time a detachment of
them - passes' anywhere near - whero the
flag of the organization flies over Its hos
pital tents.- The men of the batteries
quartered In the Fontana warehouse sent
the following letter of appreciation to the
society yesterday:
To the Red Cross Society: The men of Bat
tery A, First Battalion California Volunteer* of
Heavy Artillery, are very thankful indeed for
the many necessaries of life that have . been
given us by your kind and willing hands. We
think : we have already expressed our willing
ness and desire to defend the stars and stripes
of our beloved America by swearing to pro
tect the flag with our lives, and we know that
your tokens of love will enable us to bear more
cheerfully the hardships that fall to a soldier" •
lot. In the name of our country,
SERGEANT F. A. GIESTINO,
CORPORAL, HUGHES.
CORPORAL ELLIOTT,
PRIVATE FITZPATRICK.
Many letters have been received at the
headquarters of the Red Cross Society
from the relatives and friends of the
men of the companies who came ,to the
Presidio camp from the , interior * towns
and cities asking that a eating hand ;be
extended; to the individual person named.
The requests met with a willing response,
but in every . case it was found those
inquired for were :■ being « well taken care
of and in no immediate need.
The call made on Saturday for *500 ab
dominal bandages. to be turned in to the
society's rooms on Tuesday night is
meeting with, a ready response. Early
yesterday morning, many ladies were at
the Red Cross rooms asking for more
detail, as to how they were to be made,
and by noon scores of sewing machines
were humming ■at their work turning
them out. Before the day closed the
Fruit and Flower Mission brought in 750
of .them. The bandages are wide woolen
ones, to be worn about the waists of the
soldiers as a precaution against cholera.
The warerooms of the society at 16
Post • street, • where donations of . needed
supplies are being received, is now one
of the busiest places. In the city. - There
has been : a ready response to the ; call f or v
hospital supplies 7 and delicacies, and al
ready several large wagon loads have
been received and thankfully acknowl
edged. Among several of the donations
of stimulants- have been demijohns : ; of
port wines. The medical officer who will
nave charge of the sanitary regulations
of • the - Manila • expedition has tabooed
port wines. , He says such liquors will be
injurious . in '. the climate of -• the ■■. equator,
and he suggests that brandies, whiskies
and sherries be given Instead. .■'■■_■<■.
Friedlander, Gottlob & Co. have prom
ised to give a monster benefit at one -of
their theaters L this week for i the : benefit
of the Red Cross fund, and the managers
of the Alcazar have also promised to turn
over their theater and their company of
players to assist the soldiers. An enter
tainment will also be given by the Pacific
Coast Woman's Press Association at
Native Sons' Hall .on Thursday evening
next. Miss Jessie ■ Ackerman will give
a lecture on Iceland and the Press Club
quartet will furnish music.
On, Friday afternoon at 3 o'clock little
Paloma Schramm : will give her last re
cital In this city at Sherman, Clay &
Co.'s Hall for the benefit of the Red
Cross: •■■: ■ ."•' . ■- ■' - '.: ».-• ■ : .. .. :■ . ■•■■;■.
Nearly 51090 was received during the
day in cash subscriptions. to the fund.
t -•-•" ':' , -/. ♦ _ — — '■: -. , .". '■■'.
RED CROSS WORKERS,
OAKLAND, May 18.— The members of
the Red Cross Society In this city have
spent a busy day preparing for the early
departure of the boys in blue for Manila.
Early in the day the ladies' finance com
mittee met and were gratified with num
erous donations of cash. Nearly 100 la
dies were busily engaged in the First Con
gregational and First Presbyterian
churches, making the abdominal band
ages, called for by the surgeon in charge.
Nearly a dozen bolts of gray flannel have
been contributed for this work. Over 600
of the belts were completed to-night, but
flannel and workers are wanted for ten
times as many for. Tuesday and Wednes
day.
Mrs. Abbott visited Mrs. Harrington to
day in San Francisco regarding the work
to be done, and both societies will work in
harmony. The proposition of a State
league was discussed at length. The
ladies .feel the need of one channel
through which to reach the army officials,
and as the local auxiliaries increase this
need becomes more prominent. Steps
may be taken to-morrow for this work
and a headquarters established where all
can Join their forces.
STOCKTON DONATIONS.
Mrs. Georgie C. Ryan, grand secretary
of the Native Daughters of the Golden
West, received a letter yesterday from
Joaquin Parlor No. 3 of Stockton, in
which appears the following:
"At our meeting last night, after the
election of delegates to the Grand Parlor,
we held an after-meeting in the banquet
hall, which for the occasion was decorat
ed In the true spirit of patriotism. Our
parlor has aided in the movement in be
half of the noble defenders of our coun
try's honor, and takes the lead in Stock
ton by donating $50 to the Red Cross fund,
and it has appointed a committee to se
cure funds for the society from other or
ganizations and from individuals. Our
parlor will later add to our contribution."
BRITISH SEAMEN
STONED BY SPANIARDS.
Postmen of the Channel Squadron
Set Upon by Mobs at
Villagarcia.
LONDON, May 17.— A dispatch to the
Standard from Corunna says: The
presence of the British Channel squad
ron at Villagarcia is likely to lead to
some unpleasantness. The idea of an
Anglo-American alliance has so in
flamed the Spaniards that the postmen
from the fleet, when on shore to collect
letters, have been hooted and stoned.
Threats have been made to stop the
supply of provisions to the fleet. The
British Consul protested to the Alcalde,
who explained that the popular resent
ment was due to a belief in the exis
tence of an alliance and to the further
impression that the fleet took wheat
that properly belonged to the poor.
Postmasters Confirmed.
WASHINGTON, May 16.— The Senate
to-day confirmed these nominations: Post
masters: California— H. W. Allen, Red
lands, and J. E. Reynolds, Redding.
Auction 8a lee
fe> ft» fe
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
; AT OCCIDENTAL : HORSE MARKET. .'
: 721 Howard • street. ■ .' -
THIS DAY.
■ TUESDAY. MAY ' 17. :at•11 A. M.
•We will ' sell 30 well v broken : young horses
from 1000 to 1500 pounds; 1 handsome bay Shet-
land ponje. and good, stylish surrey - horses; no
reserve or limit. A. F. ROOKER A CO.. -
. : . Livestock l Auctioneers. •
WERE DAMAGED
IN COLLISIONS
Pilot-Boat Lady Mine Run
Down by the Jennie
Thelin.
Schooner Sacramento Had a
Narrow Escape With the
Lightship.
Arrival of the Doric With Many
Passengers and a Large Sum
In Treasure.
Quite a fleet of deep-water - ships ar
rived yesterday, and kept the Custom
house officials and quarantine officers
busy during the afternoon. The steamer
Doric came in a day ahead of time from
Hongkong via Yokohama and Honolulu.
Since the opening of the war with J Spain
very little coin has been shipped from the
Orient in American vessels, ; and in con
sequence the Doric brought in an accu
mulation of ; $1,600,000 :in treasure. --■ She
•also - brought seventy-eight cabin and
twenty-eight European steerage passen
gers and 255 . Chinese for : this port. It
took quite a long time to transfer the
Mongolians to the quarantine station,
and in consequence it was late in the
afternoon before the steamer was docked.
Other vessels that got in during the af
ternoon were the Aryan, 123 days from
i New York; Star of Bengal from Santa
; Rosalia; ; City the Adelaide from £ from
r York- Star of Bengal from Santa
aJia; City of Adelaide from New
castle, Australia; Arago from Honolulu,
and Jennie Thelin from Grays Harbor. _■
The Jennie Thelin. sailed in, and when
oft Meiggs wharf Captain Hansen ; de
cided to come to an anchor. He rounded
the schooner to in a hurry, and before
the anchor would hold the Thelin was
down on the pilot-boat Lady Mine, - She
crashed ■- into the starboard side of trie
pilot-boat, and shoving her bow bpnt
through the main rigging # carried every
thing with her as she drifted down with
the tide. The Lady : Mine had her stand
in* rigging carried away, eight _ or ten
stfnchions were broken forty feet of rail
was carried away and forty feet of the
bulwarks smashed, while the waterways
were ruined and other damage done. The
crew of the pilot-boat thought their ves
sel was : sinking, and rushing on decK
they cut the lanyards and cleared the
Jennie Thelin' s bowsprit. -^A few^nutes
later the quarant ne ste^ e rJ^ ce ° rr eS c £'
Sternberg came along and separated the
lightship 70 last Friday. The crew of the
lightship hailed the schooner, but she
* , « 111 1 v,«irt on her course, and when it was
mmmm
mm
has been purchased by J. thi; Smitn, me
wetl-known shipowner of this port and
will in future fly his house flag. • At one
time the "Star - line ; of r sailing vessels
™, always represented ; m the bay by
'two or three of its clippers, but lately the
owners have been selling out the failing
"r,,o B an d going into steam. The Star
of Itafy and the Star of Bengal are now
both owned In San Francisco. f cMo
A very heavy sea was running outside,
and as it was impossible to do any hunt
ing, ; the sealing . schooner Kate and Anna
put into port yesterday.; She brought in
&6 skins, and as soon as he . takes ; some
provisions and water aboard ? Captain
Lutjen is going out again to follow up the
herd that is moving north in the direc
tion of Bering Sea. engineer;, of the
Harry Cunningham, engineer of the
fi<*hine steamer U. S. ; Gr"it. had a nar
ro S w escape from drowrii-rf last Sunday
night. While -getting", ashore from the
steamer the ladder up which ;he ,was
climbing gave way and he fell into the
bay He struck ; the Grant's guard n
falling and hurt himself so ; that he : could
not get back aboard. - For ; over : ten min
utes his cries for help were unheard, and
then ? when he was about < to ; give up in
despair, the * engineer of the Henrietta
heard his cries, and procuring assistance
pulled him onto the ; wharf. . /:»',■
■As stated exclusively in yesterday's
Call there was . trouble :on the steamer
Cleveland on the down trip. . In : conse
quence Captain Hall, . who had been
master of the vessel since Charles Nelson
purchased her. \ has i retired and ■> Captain
Pierce late of the steamer :- Corona, « has
taken 'his . place. , : The v trouble; i in .^ the
engineer's department < has j not yet been
adjusted, but ; the chances are that the
Cleveland will go into the Klondike trade
with ian entirely new : crew. vv. ' -.
The Government does not seem to be
in any hurry ? about getting troops away
to Manila, and in 1 consequence it will
probably be Saturday •: next ; before either
the Australia or City of Peking gets
away - The >• owners of the Ohio and
Conemaughhave got: tired of the manner
in * which =, Uncle r Sam's f . representatives
have ■'< been dillydallying and ■, have sent
their 'vessels to . Seattle .v to *; be fitted; out
for the St. Michael trade. . The i charter
party far both vessels ; was ready :to sign
for a week, but ; as the Government , was
taking its own time '.about consummating
the bargain, v the ; owners , withdrew the
vessels.- = The : Conemaugh ' left for the
Sound last Sunday, and the Ohio - followed
her yesterday. ''■■' ;" 0 ,:-> : : :■■>■%•• -
William Barton, a stevedore, fell down
the hold ' of s the - British >. ship , Port Logan
yesterday and was severely injured about
the ' back I and '- 1 thighs. * He . was attended
to by Drs. Hill and Zabala at the Harbor
Receiving Hospital: - '..-'.
i On account of delay in arrival of the
English ~ mails jin !i New York :to be dis
patched by the steamship Mariposa, they
will not reach this city until 9:45 a. m. on
Thursday morning. Therefore; the sailing
of i- the ;? steamship •; Mariposa *s has v been
postponed > from -2jp. cm. j Wednesday, the
18th, itoi2; p. im. Thursday, j the : 19th. t^ s fi.^,
NEUMAN WAS BUNKOED.
C. Fecker, Hypnotist, Held to An-
swer Before the Superior Court.
C. Fecker, hypnotist, real estate agent
and manager of a matrimonial bureau,
•was yesterday held to answer before the
Superior Court by Judge Low in $1000
bonds on a charge of obtaining money by
false pretenses.
The complaining witness Is Joseph Neu
man. who parted with $200 of his hard
earned money for a share in the business
on the representation that it was making
a profit of $250 a month. Neuman found
after a month's experience that he had
been bunkoed, and as Fecker refused to
return the money he swore out the war
rant for his arrest.
Salmon Fishing Prohibited.
"W. B. Howell, Assistant Secretary of
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO,
—AUCTIONEERS—
31 and 33 Sutter Street.
Telephone Main 5151.
THIS DAY.
TUESDAY MAY 17. 1881
At 11 O'clock.
CONTINUATION SALE
The Magnificent French Furniture
and Works of Art
In Residence of MR. M. C. COUTELLE.
2103 PACIFIC AVENUE.
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO., Auctioneers.
31-33 Sutter^st^
the Treasury, notified Collector Jackson
yesterday that the department has pro
hibited salmon fishing on the Karluk
River in Alaska, except for sufficient to '
supply the hatchrries located in that
river, and prohibiting also fishing for
salmon by natives residing on the banks
of the river except for their domestic usa
only.
/^VDr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Jmmiltt *■»—*> KKAK.W NT. . Established -
FWi i : iSh in "*•"•* for the treatment of I'rivate
' Sttiifti IMsenswj, Lost Manhood. Debility or
HHIb disease vreartngon body and ruinti and
%9HH^Bn>Ki" Diseases. I'liedoctorcureswhen
J^&s£-s<«jjs others fail. Try him. Cburges low.
z*<si.**¥*S-£gi CnreacuarnntPfil. Callorwrite.
Dr. J. !•'. «.(R XO>. IJcs .0037. 5 an Francisco. I -
OCEAN T&AVEIi. !
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
k. ;> . ; Steamers ' leave Broadway
■■ wbt~^ wharf, San Francisco.
! iss^&lv For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
'< |s|oSi*f2«&». May 1. 6, 11, 16. 21. 26, 31. Jun *
i t!&. imSw^ 6 - transfer at Seattle.
Ihb9H^bl - For ' Alaskan ports (from
gaS«V^*,f^m Folsotn-street wharf). 10 a. m..
1 ,^^^E»9b May . IS, June 5, 26. July 17.
August 4. 25. transfer at Port-
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C). Port Towns-
end? BeatUeTacoma . Everett. AnacorU. and
New What«>m OVash) 10^. n^**^
the« 6 aft 2 eV, connecting at Seattle with thtaoomj
T^ma^^^.^.^rar^a^v^w^
mIP^N^K i.^ eV^a^
d F y or th Sa e nta Cruz. Monterey. . San Simeon,
Cameos Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
Gav^a Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme
Ban Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. May 1. 6. 9. 13, 17 21. », ».
JuTxind every. fourth day thereafter _■
fofd° r (la a n non ooo 6 b «: n ianta y B^^S
BmATiy8 m A Tiy 8 3. an 7 d pin. sr"n. A srssii <
and every fourth day thereafter. -
For Ensenada. Megdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. May It
June 10. and 2d of each month thereafter.
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to Chang*
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
TICKKT f O KriCE-4 New Montgomery :
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO., Gen. Arts..
i ... ■ i • -.- ■ 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
fc^ for SEATTLE
And TACOMA Direct.
The New Fast and Elegant
SENATOR,
■ Carrying Freight and Passengers,
Will Leave Broadway Wharf. San Franclsc^
- - TUESDAY. MAT 17. at 10 A. M. ■
Ticket Office, 4 New Montgomery street. -
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. GenjAgta.,
w 10. Market street. San Francisco.
v THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Folsom-street Wharf at 10 a, m.
CADC $12 First Class Including Bert*
IAIIL 58 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Oregon ...... ....r. ...May •■ 15, 24
CoTSmbU." ...•••••• May ». 18. J7
State of California..:-...... May 12, 21. 80
Through Tickets and Through Baggage to all
Eastern Points. Rates and Folders Upon Ap-
plication to E - Ward _ —j^ ;
v E. C. WARD. General Agent.
. 630 Market at.
GOOD ALL. PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
faean&axA The s - s < mariposa
lEßl||reail3 via Honolulu and
•t** a "* r Auckland for Sydney
M *^>_^.i. i Thursday, May 19, at
Str^fTlshlD^ 2 s'. 's! ZEAIiANDIA.
CyiCallUlliy for HONOLULU only.
/6fTißBl2/.f* Wednesday. June ;1, I
\WlllfAilWJTp m Special party
.■ -■•: :' ■' :.'■ ' : rates. .- '■ - ■■■ ■•
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPS
TOWN. South Africa.
- J D SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents. -,
■ ' ■•-■:. . :■■■ 114' Montgomery street.
Freight of flee— 327 Market St.. San ' Francisco.
AMERICAN and
RED STAR LINES.
•NEW YORK, QUEENSTOWN. SOUTHAMP-
"■  - : I,' ■■: :. .-.: ':-. TON.. -'- •'____! '■■ -" ' '
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON, ANTWERP.
' Steamers - sail under Belgian ; or . British Flags.
S.-mthwark May 25 tWesternland... X.June 1
•Chester -..'.....-May 2S| Kensington .....June I
PHILADELPHIA. queenstown.- LIVER-
• - -•: ";:.• POOL. _
' Steamers sail under Belgian Flag.
Pennland May 2l|Waesland ...... Jun« 4
EMPIRE LINE.
TO ALASKA AND THE GOLDFIELDS. i
Steamers. formerly employed in trans-Atlan«« :
services of the International , Navigation Com-
pany and • specially - refitted for this service. ;
P S S Ohio. 3500 tons, from Seattle, June 15. • ,
s' S Indiana. 3500 tons, from Seattle. June 23.^--—
S. §. Pennsylvania. , 3500 tons, from Seattle.
Jl Connectlng with the company's own fleet of
18 new and modem steamers and barges on tn«
Yukon River, through to Dawson City and
i'^SS^NA^A^ATIONCO.
For nassage and freight apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery St. ,
" " - . Or any of Its Agencies. .■-':'-'■
DIRECT TO . PARIS. ; LONDON. •; HAMBURG.
F Bismarck June 2F. Bismarck.... June 30
. A Victoria.. June IS F. Bismarck.. i-July^
TWIN-SCREW " PASSENGER > SERVICE.
; "NEW YORK-HAMBURG DIRECT. ~
' Palatla May 211 Patrla....-.;:..... June 4
Pretoria.., May 28 Phoenicia June 11
i Hamburg- American Line. 87 Broadway/ N. V. :
HERZOG & CO., General Agents Pacific Coast.
401 California St.. cor. Sansome, San Francisco. \
i —
Gompagnie Generate Transatlantlque.
- ;, French Line to Havre. : .
i Company's Pier (new). 42 North : -'J**sei':. ;•'■■
: River foot of Morton st. - Travelers ■*dKßffi-*>
i by - this » line i avoid - both j transit by ■* ln ™™' .
English railway and the discomfort of crossing ;
the channel In' a : small boat. New York to
: Alexandria, ; Egypt, via Paris. . flrst-class.- $180; -
second-class, Sll6. :.....May n. 10a.'k
LA GASCOONE May Jl. 10 a. m.
LA NAVARRE .:.;.......... ....May 28, 10 a, m. ,
T.A BOURGOO.NE ;:.r.June- 4,10 a.m. .
LA TOURAINE June 11, 10 a. m. 
I»A GASCOGXE.*.-..;:...:.r..-...:June 18. 10 a. m. |
f 1 - For further particulars apply to - >. -
COMPAGNIE GENERALE , TRANSATLAN- - '
TIQUE, Agent.
• -* . -.- -.. V-jfo. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
•J- F. FUGAZI & CO.. Agents, -Montgomery
aye.. San Francisco. . . - v : ; *
FOB SAN JOSE. LOS 6ATOS and SANTA CRUZ
Steamer Alviso leaves i Pier; I< dally- (Sundays
;excepted):at 10 a. m. ; Alviso dally, (Saturdays
' excepted)'at b 5 p. m. .Freight and ; passengers. '-. "~:
I i Fare between . San ; Francisco and Alviso, 50c; j
•to San Jose. 75e. ..Clay street. Pier L 41 North
■ First street. San Jose. r : _-i. :■*■-..; • _ : . ;. ..;)
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
• ■; '."•-"• -'Steamer^*'Monticello"" ; •
Hon.. Tues., < wed.. Thurs. and ; Sat. ;'..'.;'.. . :-■ ,
- ■ 9:45 a. m.. 3:15 < d.- m. s (8:30 'p, m. •- ex. Thur».>
Fridays "T.~. '.imv^r.'.^T.l* p. m. and > 8:30 ■• p. '; m.
Sundays 3*.Vt.T.V.T~Tr.7l".lo:3o ; a. m. and li> p. m, , . -
'$£ Landing and -. Office.— Mission ■ Dock,*; Piar I.' f
SwastaSw^-' Telephone, : Re4 aa*K> ■ ■• J
/■;■■■-:- -■■■;• -■>■■ ■■■>■:% ■.■."■■'■■-' : ~X\-' "■■>:; — _»:.
910
CROWNED SHOOTING KING.
J, D, HEISE, Who Carried Off the Honors.
AMIDST the cheers of his fellow members and the congratulatory
shouts of hundreds of friends J. D. Heise was crowned Shooting King
of the San Francisco Schuetzen Verein for 198 yesterday in Shell
Mound Park.
The shot that knocked the perforated remains of the wooden eagle to the
ground and gained him the laurel wreath, a gold medal, 575 in cash and
numerous other honors came late in the day, after the different parts of the
noble bird had been shot away by the experts.
Seventy members of the well-known organization drew lots at 11 o'clock
for first fire at the inanimate target suspended high In the air 6ome 100
yards away, and in rapid succession they fired until nothing remained but
the heart of the eagle. This was protected by a steel plate, and when re
moved that portion of the bird was perforated in turn. On the third round
John Utschig gained first prize by clipping its crown. D. B. Faktor took
second prize in that round by hitting the apple. The scepter went to R.
Stettlin, giving nim third prize: the neck to George H. Seyden. the right
wing to A. Junfbluth. the left wing to J. D. Heise, right leg to L. Bendel,
left leg to John Gefken and the tail to Albert Meyer.
King Heise was the lucky marksman to lower the bird, and escorted by
the Second Artillery Band and his comrades he marched into the dance-hall,
where a wreath of laurels was suspended about his form. He modestly
replied to the honors received, and to celebrate his victory invited every
one to drink his health in nut-brown ale.
Besides winning the prizes already mentioned, the shooting king Is
allowed $100 by the vorein, to be devoted to a banquet in his honor. This
will be held shortly, when further fame' will be showered upon him.
The second day of the shooting festival drew a larger gathering than
the day previous. The inclement weather on Sunday kept the crowd that
attended in the dance-hall, while the members occupied the shooting
stand, keeping up a merry din throughout the afternoon.
Bowling, dancing and other past'mes were entered into by the non
combatants, and an enjoyable time was had.
The many prizes, amounting to nearly $500, offered for bowling and
marksmanship, will be distributed on Thursday evening In California Hall,
when a ball will be given.
Lieutenant Huber of the First California Volunteers and a member of
the society was present yesterday and was allowed the privilege of com
peting. The verein at its last meeting passed resolutions to the effect that
all members enlisting in defense of the country would be exempt from
dues and fines during such enlistment.
The success of the two days' festival was due to the following com
mittees:
Festival— William Garmes, chairman; A. Jungbluth, K. Wertheimer,
Henry Koster, Captain Bolts, J. Thode, L. Haake. F. P. Schuster, Henry
Stelling, John Utschig. E. Ipsen, Ea H. Goetze, O. Lempke, D. Sahlfleld, H.
Huber, C. Bater, O. Burmeister, J. Grafe, C. F. Rathjen, Ed Stehn, J. W.
Goetze. Henry Helberg, J. Peters, William C. Morken and Ferdinand Rust.
Printing— X. Wertheimer, Henry Stelling and J. F. Bolts.
Bowling— Stelling, Grafe and Ipsen.
Shooting— O. Lempke, Ed Goetze, A. Jungbluth, J. Utschig, L. Haake,
Helberg. F. Schuster and H. Huber.
Committee in charge of eagle — O. Lempke and Ed Goetze.
Floor manager — C. F. Rathjen.
"NEVER HEARD
SUCH PLAYING"
San Francisco Approves
of Boston's KLneisel
Quartet
The Four Artists Capture a
Large and Critical Audi
enca.
Attractive Bills at the Various Thea
ters Afford a Choice of Amuse
ment.
The first concert given by the Knei
sel Quartet of Boston confirms all that
was claimed for these artists. Such
close attention and such enthusiasm as
the audience showed last night at
Sherman, Clay & Co.'s hall are rare at
chamber concerts. But the Kneisels
had not finished the allegro of Haydn's
quartet in D majc-r before their listen
ers understood why Georg Henschel
in recommending them, wrote: "The
good California public have never
heard quartet playing like theirs."
The audience was willing to admit that
it had never heard quartet playing at
all, in the light of this revelation of it.
These two violins, the viola and the
cello that interpreted Haydn, Bee
thoven and Dvorak last night have
known one another and worked to
gether for eleven years. If all musical
friendships were as happy, the works
of great composers would be better
known and more fully appreciated.
Until you have heard the Knelsel Quar
tet's sympathetic translation of
Dvorak's beautiful quartet in F major
it must remain only a partially com
prehended foreign tongue to you.
These musicians played the Haydn
minuet for all the merriment that's in
it, and the Beethoven adagio in G
major with a regard for phrasing, a
sureness of conception and a delicacy
of sentiment that provoked the heart
iest applause. But every movement of
the Dvorak quartet was a musical pic
ture. The end of the allegro was like
a melodied scroll, so perfect was the
phrasing. The solo for the cello and
that gay, tripping dance the violin
plays were exquisitely given. Schroe
der was once first celloist in the Leip
sic Gewandhaus, and Kneisel's bow
sang the solo in'the Lento as a marvel
ously trained human voice might have
done had it an impossible compass and
an intensely emotional nature behind
it. And meanwhile the rest of the in
struments are accompanying the solo
ist, as Henschel himself might, if he
could play the violin, viola and cello
all at the same time and with the same
degree of excellence he has attained
on the piano.
But it isn't individual effect that at
tracts you in this quartet. It's the
perfection of unanimity, the playing of
four instruments as though but one
mind inspired eight hands. It's the
artistic appreciation all have o-f the
composer's work, it's the thoroughness
which neglects not a single note or
phrase, and which vivifies the com
poser's idea, till it is musically re
created by the power of sympathy and
art.
Wednesday's programme includes
Borodine's quartet in D major, Schu
bert's "Death and the Maiden" and
Sshuman's quartet in A major.
The Baldwin.
Yesterday began the last week of Pilar-
I Morin at the Baldwin. The beautiful,
! talented Frenchwoman appeared in "A
J Dresden Shepherdess," an example of
! ethereal pantomimic comedy, and closed
her programme with "In Old Japan," that
dumb tragedy which is so much more ef
fective than many of the double-lunged,
double-tongued tales of woe that have
j held the stage.
It is interesting to see Mile. Pllar-Morin
; first as " Pierrott, an unreal, fairyllke,
i mute bad boy, who becomes piteously
I human at the last; and then to watch the
! same Pilar-Morin as Adzume, who is
doomed to die in the Empress' pla-ce, and
| who is saved at the last moment by the
| quaint Japanese Queen, who even before
the Christian era recognized the obliga
tion of her royalty and came back to die
like the queer little, brave little kimono
dnd heroine she was.
The company is an excellent one. every
member of it being an artist, small or
great. The costuming is beautiful and ap
propriate, and Aime Lachaume's music is
I the poetic pantomime made melodiously
audible.
On Tuesday, May 24, Ysaye. Gerardy
and Lachaume open at the Baldwin. The
sale of seats begins Thursday, May 19, at
9 o'clock.
The Orpheum.
As usual, the Orpheum was crowded
last evening. The high class of vaudeville
presented by the management at all times
has made the house popular with all
classes of people, and In consequence,
rain or shine, a "good house" will always
be found there.
The programme was an exceptionally
THE SAtf PfcANCISCO CALIi, TUESDAY, MAY 17, 1898.
good one, and many of the Items were
encored again and again. The place of
Remenyi. who died suddenly last Sunday,
was taken by Pietro Marino, and the
young California artist di<3 exceeding^
well, his playing of Weinlawski s Polo
naise in D major was a tr ?. at 'w ^n ® i\!?
rendition of "St. Patrick's Day 1 brought
down the house. . .
The visions of art were very good, and.
In fact, so was every item presented, me
Orpheum will surely satisfy the crowds
that will attend this week.
The Columbia.
Robert Mantell in "The Face in the
Moonlight" drew a large audience to the
Columbia last night. All present enjoyed
the play thoroughly, and Mr. Mantell and
Miss Roselle Knott were called before
the curtain on several occasions as a
mark of the audience's appreciation.
The scene in the waiting-room of the
Dlltgence gave room for a very clever
piece of acting: on the part of Miss Knott
and Miss Russell, and was warmly ap
plauded. "The Face In the Moonlight is
sure to crowd the Columbia throughout
the -week. ___
The Grand Opera House.
Fun and pathos nicely blended were
the features at the Grand Opera House
last night when Dan Sully's comedy,
"The Corner Grocery," was produced to
a fair-sized audience. The mischievous
pranks of Jamesey, the bad boy, par
ticularly in the first act. kept the au
dience in roars of laughter. Maud Edna.
Hall distinguished herself as the boy and
in the last act earned well-deserved ap
plause for her songs. Frank Llndon as
Daddy Nolan and Fred J. Butler as Law
yer Rapp did excellent work, each part
being admirably portrayed. The scene at
the close of the second act, when Daddy
imagines that his son Tom is a thief, was
strikingly effective. William R. I>ailey.
who he? been specially engaged for this
week, made a hit as Henry Budweiser,
the German grocer. Julia Blanc as Mrs.
Nolan and Queen Pursell as Jennie Burke
wore as usual well suited in their parts
and Mortimer Snow made as much as
possible out of the part of Tnm Nolan.
The specialties of Master Jack Robertson
and Little Alma Wuthrich ewer ap
plauded.
The Tivoli.
The Iroquols Club attended the Tivoli
in a body last evening to see "Ship
Ahoy." Their enthusiasm was great at
the climax of the first act when John J.
Raffael, assisted by the leading members
of the company, sang the national airs.
He was obliged to sing the "btar
Spangled Banner" time and time again
and "Dixie" also called for cheers from
the audience. " , 
During the third act Miss Helen Mer
rill, attired as Columbia, sang a song
specially composed for her, entitled ' free
dom Forever," and only after she had
repeated the verses twice was she able
to give place to the others.
This is the second week of the opera,
but the catchy music and the patriotic
songs promise to draw equally well this
week as last. Stevens. I-eary and Fred
[ Kavanaugh kept the audience continually
in laughter, and Edna Hall was best ap
preciated in her duet with the comedian.
Helen Merrill and Carrie Roma did well,
while Bronson. Raffael and Royce were
up to their usual standard.
At the Alcazar.
"Young Mrs. Winthrop" "caught on" at
the Alcazar last night as few pieces have
"caught on." The company fitted the
characters as neatly as a kid glove. Gert
rude Foster sustained the reputation
which she had already made and played
the role of the wronged and jealous wife
with a naturalness and a lack of affecta
tion that drew tears from the eyes of even
the most hardened thoater-goer.
Miss Jessie Shirley divided the honors
with hef in as neat a bit of acting as has
ever been seen on the stage of this cozy
place of amusement. All the old favorites
were at their best, and "Young Mrs. Wln
throp" is destined to have a most suc
cessful run.
At the California.
In the dramatized version of Oulda'a
"Moths" last night Miss Gillette made an
acceptable Vere. She looked the part, too,
for she was not a bit fascinating:, and In
this respect she was well matched in her
lover, the Ralph de Correze, whose brev
ity of stature was equaled only by the
length of his protestations of undying
loye. The lines wore well read and the
roles were consistently performed. The
star of the play was Miss Dunars. the
typical American girl, as seen through
the eyes of Ouida. She was a strong and
a pleasant foil to the grief-laden and too
patient Vere. Miss Dunar* was well sup
ported by Mr. Charters, the Duke of Mull.
The Lady Dolly Vanderdecken of MiS3
McAllister was an artistic piece of work.
Miss Beckwith is pretty, and the audl
enee took it as a matter of course that
Prince Zouroff should have fallen in love
with her in preference to his own wife.
Mr. Duffleld as Lord Jura had the advan
tage of a role that appealed to the sym
pathy of his audience. Whatever of
beauty was lacking In the actor was more
than made up for by earnest work.
At the Chutes.
At the Chutes Theater the new vaude
ville bill was greeted with favor, and Oro.
Bell and Oro in "Fun in a Chinese Laun
dry" made an especial hit. The moving
pictures, showing the burial of the Maine
sailors at Havana, and the lowa in ac
tion, are very effective and the new "Vis
lons of Art" are pretty. The Zoo is being
constantly enlarged and a group of sea
lions is the latest addition. Matinees
are given every day.
Only $1 for the round trip to Santa Rosa,
May 20. for the Rose Carnival, via San
Francisco and North Pacific Railway.
Leave Tiburon ferry at 7:30 and 9 a. m. •
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
MEW WESTERN HOTEL.
! J P Mylar, Hollister J Marks, Los Gatoa
J H Fhaw, Hollister J R Cornett, Cal
.1 Murphy. Fresno |S Glvens, S Rosa
' H Dixon, Boston JT Gearhart, S Rosa
J V Moore. Boston C Seawell. 111
F W Herman. N V I A Sattely. L Angeles
F Warren, San Jose |W White, Aurora
. J M Sanford. Seattle P A Farney, Chlco
C Maxwell. B Clara A W Schiller, Stocktn
M Jf+es, Cal M Smith, Cal
THE BALDWIN
R P Quinn, Watsonv C T Lagxave, Nevada
W O Welch L Ang iCol W J Fife., USA
A Hexter, N V I)V R Clark. Stockton
Jap Chambers, Tacomalp E Godfrey. Riverside
Saml Wright, TacomajJas McCudden, Vallejo
! A G Parker. Minn Miss McCudden. Valljo
Mrs T Papworth, Or J A Pell, Pac Grove
i Miss Papworth, Or H B Caruther, Pac Grv
! Chas Vernhue, N V H Gilbert Coyle, N V
! F E Godfrey. Riverside H S Richards, German
i M E Harris, Oakland E S Morine, Irvington
! E J Proctor, Oakland C M Hunter*.w, L Ang
i J E Scott. Oakland C W Hutchlnson, S P
| J W Oswald. Mont H Woods&w. S P Co
! M Phillips, Mont R S Saterlee, N V
GRAND HOTEL.
W Neuman, Gllroy |C W Reynolds, Portld
H C Ross Jr, Sacto L Falconer, Nev
F L Reitz. Beoria W Turner, Campbellß
J Wrlght&w, Toronto F R Hartley. Cal
Miss Wright, Toronto T Wallln&w, Chicago
E F Wright, Toronto Mrs Van Aostrand. 11l
V Blythe, Ky J W Bowen. L Ang
A Bonnheitn, Sacto Mrs E Marlow, Mont
A Watson, Grass Val Miss Marlow, Mont
J B Patterson. Seattle Miss L Marlow, Mont
J B Bacon, L Ang |E C Beergard. Or
J M Came, Cal |G A Packard, Cal
T Bohan. Gait W D Koppltz, Cal
J A Shaker, Lodi G C Steihle, Cal
C Peiraro, S Jose Mrs Thompson, Cal
J Kugeler, Menlo Park Miss Thompson, Cal
C Haywood, Roadside W V Logan, Mo
B Herrington, S Jose E Swlnford, Colusa
C A Lux, S Jose G A Day. Butte. Mont
R V Dodge, tf Diego C E Lindsay, S Cruz
J M Dodge, S Diego Mrs J Mac Donald. N V
G Strfets, w&son. Mo Mrs S C Sweet, Merced
Miss Mootey, N V Mrs B Whitlock. L A
Mrs. C H Curtis, N M J G McMillan, S Joe
L Lovelaxid, Yreka H D Kubte, Dr
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs Long, G Rapids Mrs JL, Mitchell. CaJ
Emma S Ixing, Mich |Mrs Howard. Oakland
J R Adams. Chicago |Karl Howard, Oaklnd
H D Glover. U S R C 8 Master C G King, N V
Ezra Kendall NY J Hicks, S Jose
R F Crowell, Belmont E A Brown, Glasgow
J W Mitchell. L Ang L Short &w, Indiana
E S Hart, Chicago R G Brown. Bodie
Mrs E S Hart, Chicago G H Appel. L Ang
C Ruddock &S, Chic H H EUel. Minneapolis
Miss Farnsworth. Chic H B McQueen, N V
Mrs Deler, Chicago H E Smith. U S N
Mrs Ruddock. L Ang J A Sullivan Shanghai
Miss Ruddock, L. Ang I'.heinke, China
Henry Hahn, Portland Baron Meyer, Watson
A E Miller, Evansville V D Black. Salinas
R S Ryen, N V C G Dolmer & w
Mips Williams S Africa IS C Paine, U S N
J P Channlng. N V Mrs A E Shepard, Chic
p C Adam, t'tica, N V D Tock & family, Java
Mrs Marlowe, Helena (I H Clark, Chicago
Miss Marlowe. Mont F A Carl. Hongkong
Ixmise Marlowe, Mont J Reif, Shanghai
J H Payne, Chicago Ij H Snell & w, Boston
3 B Hlggins, Cal J N Glllet & w. Eureka
P R King & w. NY C Dougherty & w, Cal
J A Pnrter, Denver
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Monday. May 10.
SEATTLE— Arrived May 16— Ship Luclle.
hence April 28.
L'SALr-Sailed May 16— Stmr Grace Dollar, for
Santa Barbara.
ARRIVED.
Monday, May 18.
Bktn Gleaner, Sprague, 5 daya from Wlllapa
Harbor.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
unttl 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
387 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
C2l McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 0:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 3 o'clock.
1505 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open until 9 o"clock. ___» _ _
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30, F. &A. ■
M.— Called meeting THIS (TUESDAY) _/^
EVENING, May 17. at 7:30 o'rk-ck. TK^
D. 1. GEO. J. HOBE, Secretary. '
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. &A. M.- •
First degree THIS (TUESDAY) **
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. /%tJ\
A. S. HUBBARD. Secretary. / _^_J
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5, R. A. M. «
—Will meet THIS (TUESDAY) ,^\^
EVENING. May 17. at 7:31 o'clock. J^^
Stated meeting and M. M. degree. By '»;;.
order of the H. P. .
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. I. O. i^£»ft>-
O. F.— Officers and members will SggSjKS---
meet in Memorial Hall on WED- -z%2£r^. :
NESDAY, May 18. at 1:30 p. m., " V _
to attend the funeral of Brother O. W.
FAIRCHILD. ; C. E. POST. N. G.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 12, K. of P., . <r .
requests the attendance of its i*w>
members at the funeral of Brothor .Ab-j
J. H. GROSS of Fairmnunt Lodpe "-5-J--J
No. 108, at Turn Verein Hall, 323 Turk St..
TO-DAY (TUESDAY). May 17. 189 S.
A F WADE, C. C.
ELMER CLARK. K. of R. & J3-
S. F. No. 1, National Association of Stationary
Engineers.— Officers and members are hereby
notified that the "smoker" .urangetl for TO-
NH'.HT (TUESDAY) has bi-en postponed
through the death of Brother U. O. FAIR-
CHILD. C. C. ELSASSBR, Pres.
W. T. BONNET, Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Olympic Salt
"Water Company will be held at 3i!7 Market
Ft.. San Francisco, Cal.. on MONDAY, the
23d day of May, ISOS, at the hour of 3 p. m.,
for the purpose of electins a board of di-
rectors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the mpeting. Tranfer books will
close on Friday. May 13. 1898. at 2 p. m.
CHAS A GIBSON, Secretary-
Office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco. Cal.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
B^n tenants elected for $4. collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery 1 St.. room «: tel. C5BO.
MISS VIOLA BCRWELL of New Orleans:
baths and massage. HIS Mflrket St.. rm. X.
ALVINE HALL and assistant; genuine cabinet
b#ths. 15V* Turk and 1118 Market, rms. 15-16.
ANNA RAY PALMER, genuine mansage and
vapor baths. Room 1, 147 Powell st
ROOMS papered from $2 f.O: whitened, SI. Hart-
mann Paint Co., 343 Third st. and 2SOS. 24th.
MRS. ALICE FAY. magnetic healer and vapor
baths. 116 A Grant aye.. room 17.
MME. .1 .NSEN. latest galvanic battery and
cabinet bat>s. 116 Taylor st.
MRS STEWART, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120V4 Geary st.. room 11.
FANNIE DAVIS returned; massage baths. 122
Post St.. room 10. secpnd floor front.
MISS R. CLEVELAND from the East— Baths,
massage; assistants. 29 Grant aye.. room 5.
ELEVENTH. 106— Brnnch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
DIVIDEND NOTICED.
DIVIDEND notice.— Dividend No. 55 (fifty
cents per share) of the llutchinson Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market st.. on and
after Friday, May 20, IS9B. Transfer bonks
will close on Saturday, May 14. I*B. at 12
o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. S'rr.'tary.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS German cook and laundress de-
sires situation; 3 years last place; city or
country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
NEAT young Norwegian girl desires situation
at housework or as nurse $10 to ; refer-
ences; city or country. MISS CULLEN. 325
' Sutter ! St. - ■ ■'■ ■ - ■> : . ; ;
LAI'IKS desiring nrst-ciass help of all na-
tionalities can be suited by calling on or ad-
dressing MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. ;
phone Grant 120.
A SWEDISH girl wishes to assist housework;
strong and willing; $10; references. Apply
MRS. NORTON, Bw*d__ and German _m-
ployment Bureau, 323 Sutter. ______
A GERMAN sirl wishes situation; first-class
cook and houseworker; best of references.
Apply MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter. Tel.
Green 721. __
GIRLS or all nationalities awaiting situations;
cooks; chambrrmahls; Becond girls; girls for
housework. MRS. HIRD, 631 Larkin; tel-
ephone Sutter 52. _.
EXP—RIKNCED nurse wishes position to take
entire charge of an infant or children; city
references. Please call at 542 Howard St.
GERMAN wishes position to do light house-
work. ANTONIA BUCKELE, 226 Third st.
WANTED— Position as housekeeper by mid-
dle-aged German lady; city or country. Call
or address I*2l Mason >_.
POSITION by first-class seamstress; willing to
assist in upstairs work or teach any English
branches. Call or address 310S California st.
ARTISTIC dressmaker wishes a few more en-
gagements; price $1 25. 1337 Market st.
YOUNG woman wishes position as a first-class
cook; city or country- S>3 Clementina st.nr. <.J.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation on
ranch in country; good reference. 1311 Brou-
erick.
YOUNG lady wishes a position In bakery. Ad-
dress 427 Third h! , WT.
WANTED— Work by the day or at home, by
experienced dressmaker, late of Los Angeles;
reference! furnished, si" Castro at,
POSITION wanted by German girl for down-
stairs work and cooking; a good cook; wages,
$25. Box 4CV"i. Oill office.
WANTED— Chamber work or care of invalid
lady, between the hours of 8 a. m. and 6 p.
m. ' Box 4687, Call office.
WANTED— A position as cashier, clerk or as-
sistant bookkeeper; experience; references;
small salary. Box 4656, Call office.
RELIABLE elderly woman wants a position In
a small family to do light housework; would
make herself useful. Box 4690, Call office.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged woman wishes
situation to do light housework and cooking;
small wages. 15 Howard court, off. How-
ard, near Fourth St.
DRESSMAKER wishes engagements; $1 50 per
day; suits ma/le in 2 days; good fitter. Ad-
dress 36 Lexington aye.
WANTED— By young lady, to do office clean-
Ing by the day: willing and neat. Address
P. X., box 46?1, Call office.
SWEDISH girl wishes situation: plain cooking
or housework: $20; last place two years. 890
Noe, near 22d. Take Castro st. or Mission st.
cars.
LADY wishes an Infant to board. 1165 Mission.
SITUATION wanted— English general house
girls, 7 years' reference last place. 1023 Mkt.
SITUATION wanted for arm waitress; highest
references, alfo Ist class cook. 1023 Market.
DRESSMAKER, good fitter, would like to go
out by the day; terms $1 50 per day: refer-
ences. Call 506 Jones st.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes situation gen-
eral housework, first-class cook. Please call
or send, US Third St., room 14.
GOOD woman desires work Immediately; Is a
good worker; can do almost anything; Is
first-class; has references: goes by the day,
$1 and carfare. 60 Third St., room 14.
COMPETENT English waitress, or second girl,
desires a situation: best of reference. J. F.
CROSETT CO, 316 Sutter st.
COMPETENT woman will do housework; good
cook and laundress; good bread maker; nice
to children; city or country; references;
wages $15 to 120. 79 Jessie St., bet. Ist and 2d.
YOUNG woman with healthy breast milk
wishes an infant to nurse; references. 326
Thirteenth st.
SWEDISH girl for general housework In small
family. 534 Second St.; up stairs.
GERMAN girl wishes situation to do upstairs
work, or general housework and plain cook-
Ing. Enquire at 913 Buchanan st. ; bakery.
WOMAN wants work by the day, *1 and car-
fare; cook, wash. Iron. 275 Fell st.
YOUNG lady wishes situation as governess:
has had experience In teaching; special
course In English. MISS L., 1232 Valencia st.
FIRST-CLASS laundress wants work by the
day or month; also a girl for housework.
Employment Office. San Rafael.
YOUNG German woman wishes general house-
work by the day; 10 years" experience. 810
Laguna st. I
GERMAN girl desires a position as upstairs
girl and sewing. Apply at 1625% Pine St.;
city references.
iITUATION as working housekeeper: expe-
rienced; city or country. Box 4705, Call office.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
MAN and wife wish situations In country; man
good EArdoner, raise chickens; wife plain
cook or seamstress; wages $30, both. Box
4715, Call office. - ■-
WANTEI>-Sltuatlon ac traveling companion
by a capable and pleasing young woman.
Address m Thirty-fifth st.. Oakland. Cal.
FRENCH laundress wants work by the day:
city or Oakland. Call or address L. V., 1353
Seventeenth st., Oakland.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes a situation In
city or country; good cook and laundress;
wishes work right away. 737 Howard st., r 14.
RELIABLE women would like sewing to do
at home. MRS. EFFIE SIMON, 190? Harri-
son Et.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
SI T I ATI TONS* WIH TEU-JULE.
BLACKSMITHS, wheelwrights, miners, car-
penters, painters, plumbers and laboring men
supplied quickly by C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414>£ O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
CHINESE and Japanese lestab. 20 years) help;
tel. Maine 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay st.
GARDENER. German, middle-aged, practical
In all branches, is a good worker, wishes per-
manent situation in private family; can
milk if required; references. Box 4688, Call.
GARDENER and coachman wants position;
good horseman: careful driver; understands
pleasure grounds, greenhouses, poultry, gas
engine, milking: good carpenter; city refer-
ences. G. C, box 4659, Call office.
STEADY, reliable and well recommended man
wishes position of any kind: holds license as
mate and pilot on steamer: can run small
steomer or gasoline boat. Address H., 7 Cali-
fornia nve.
ENGINEER, pipefitter and diver wants work.
Address box 4695, Call office.
GERMAN man, married, would like to get a
place In grocery store; 652 years in one place.
Address .1. N., box 4C32, Call office.
TK.Vi'U soloist wishes church position; good
reader; state church and salary. H., bos
4697, Call office.
YOUNG man desires employment as book-
keeper, clerk or collector; has experience as
bookkeeper; best of references. Box 4C98,
Call oitice.
COACHMAN and general man wants position;
thorough horseman; good driver; understands
gardening, farming and raising of poultry;
single; best references. Box 46i>6, Call office.
ACTIVE elderly man wants situation of some
kind; is a good plain cook; city or country.
Box 4032, Call oftlce.
CHEF from Boston with 20 years' experience
and strictly temperate desires engagement
for the season In a first-class hotel or club;
If not satisfactory will charge nothing as
trial. Address box 4676, Call office.
YOUNG man desires clerical work; good pen-
man; stenographer; speaks German; best ref-
erences; Kood position in preference to sal-
ary. Address box 4650, Call office.
GOOT watchmaker and Jeweler, recently from
Krance, wishes a situation In a shop or
store. Addrebs E. C, 514 Bush st.
SITUATION wanted by elderly man around
place; understands care of horses; good
driver; can milk and do garden work; good
references. Address box 4610, Call office.
Minrn.K -\< ;k:> man, well recommended, with
small family, wantf a position as a watch-
man; Is wining to make himself useful about
place; city or country. KELLER. SOI butter.
AN experienced miner And assayer wants posi-
tion has i>wn assay outfit and transit; thor-
oughly understands' gold mining handling of
powder, tools and men; ref. L. S., 246 Pore.
WANTED Position as teamster by young
man; sober and industrious; 10 years In last
place; references. Call or address 827 Jack-
son Ft.
JAPANESE, clean faithful boy wante situa-
tion as schoolboy, to wait on table and do
general help in good place. GEO. YAMA.
201 6th rt.
SITUATION wanted fes coachman by experi-
enced mr.n; good references. C. F., Call of-
fice, Oakland.
COMPETENT provision and grocery salesman
In town or on the road; references; salary
what he proves worth to employers. Addres*
8., X2fi Ca.^tro st., Oakland.
JAPANESE couple want situations; man good
cook- wife any kind of work: good refer-
ences. Address J. J.. room 45, Park Hotel,
cor Park st. and Enclnal aye.. Alameda.
SITUATION wanted by middle-aged man aa
man about place or care tor place during
owners absence. Box 4699. Call office.
II BliP WANTED— FEMALE.
LAUNDRESS, m- MISS CULLEN. 325 Sut-
ter s».
WAITRESS and chambermaid. $15: cook, res-
taurant. $30; easy job. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter Ft.
FRENCH none, $20. child 5 years; traitress
and seamstress. $2.">: 15 housework girls, city
and country, $20 and $25: 8 young girls, assist,
$10 to Sl5. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
NEAT young girl, light work, $10 to $15. MISS
C_— _ EN, 32') Sutter st.
NE\T girl; no cook or washing; $15. MISS
* t'ULL_N. 325 Sutter St.
WAITRESS South $25 (fare paid), call early;
chambermaid $20; woman cook in delicacy
«tore $35; cook in restaurant $25 and room;
Danish cook, sir.all country hotel $25; ironers
for Vancouver (fare paid), $30 and found. C.
R HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
SCANDINAVIAN houseglrl small family $25;
girl for Oakland J2O (see party here); second
|irl $20: 15 housegirls $20; 20 young girls to
assist $15 to $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary.
COOK delicacy store $35: cook private family
$30. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter
NURSE $20; second girl $15; second girl $20 to
$25. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter.
HOUSEGIRL 2 in family, $20; 3 houseglrls
$25 each. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter
TWO cooks. German style, $25 each: housegirl,
no cooking, $12; mlddle-a_ed woman as
housekeeper $12; 3 housegirls $15 each: sec-
ond girl country, $20: chambermaid, hotel,
$20. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter
WAITRESS and seamstress, $25; laundress
and chambermaid. $25; 3 German and Scan-
dinavian second girls, $20; nur?e, 1 child, $20;
Protestant ci-ok, $25; mangier In laundry; 2
waitresses ami chambermaids, $20; cook,
small restaurant, $20; and a great many girls
to fill our numerous situations In city and
country. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sut-
ter st. "
NEAT young girl, make herself generally use-
ful; plain hotel, near city. $15; waitress,
country hotel, $20; housework girls, country.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
LADY'S companion; experienced saleslady;
lady office manager; to-day. 313 But- st.
TYPEWRITER in law office; lady In real es-
tate and insurance; to-day. 313 Bush st.
3 LADY office managers; laundry forelady.
$40; cashier. 313 Bush st.
CHAMBERMAIDS, city hotel; aundry marker,
capable of taking charge. 1023 Market st.
TEN good, reliable girls, wages $25 to $30, at
once. 1023 Market et.
RESIDENT governess; English and music;
for city. Particulars 313 Bush st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on pants. 211H Tehama.
upstairs.
GIRL wanted, must be good cook. $20. 1562
Post, near Octavla.
THOROUGHLY competent girl for general
housework; very small family. Address box
4651, Call office.
WANTED— Young girl for bakery. 226 3d st.
WANTED— First-class corset saleswoman for
Sacramento. Apply 523 Market St., room 7,
from 2 to 3 p. m.
AT least twenty young ladles to assist In a
good work at fair pay. Apply from 10 to 11
this (Tuesday) morning. Baldwin Hotel office.
WANTED— GirI 14 to 16 to assist. 737 A Pine.
WANTED — A young girl to take care of a
baby afternoons and evenings. MRS. SHEAN,
Golden. West Hotel.
WANTED — A girl for housework; wages $5 to
$C; sleep home. 462 Tehama st.
GIRL: general housework; small family. 1625
O'Farrell st. ; call forenoon.
GIRL for small restaurant; living out girl pre-
ferred. 1941 Market st.
WANTED— A girl for light housework In res-
taurant; must sleep home; wages $10. 830
Howard.
FINISHER on custom coats wanted. 812
Brush St., Oakland.
WANTED — Young girl to attend to children
and go to Mill Valley. 956 Mission.
A GIRL for light housework. 631 Green St.
WOMAN to do general housework wanted.
Call early this morning. 1909 Pine St., near
Octavla.
WANTED — Finishers on custom coats; experi-
enced buttoners.. 14 Harriet st.
MANAGING housekeeper for doctor's residence.
1023 Market St.
GERMAN girl, cooking and general housework,
with German family. 3216 Jackson st.
WANTED — A first-class finisher on custom
coats; pay good wages. 626 Minna et.
PROTESTANT woman for. country; 2 In fam-
ily. 303 Castro St.. cor. Sixteenth.
$I.'. WEEK selling new art material and giving
Instructions. Pacific Supply Co., Flood bldg.
HELP W ANTED— Continued.
WANTED— Protestant girl as mother's help:
to make herself generally useful; wages $10
per month. 530 Hill at., near Castro.
FINISHERS wanted on custom coats; also
apprentice girls. 528 Howard st.
LEARN dressma-.ng and millinery, "positions
tree; patterns 25c up. McDowell's. 103 Post.
FIRST-CLASS hair dresser, also girls to learn.
MME DELLA FAUST, 240 Stockton, near
I*oBl.
WANTED — Girl who understands German
cooking and general housework. .1440 O'Far-
re!l et.
YOUNG lady bookkeeper; state experience and
salary expected. Address W. F.. box 05, Call.
DR WISE, the ladles' specialist, t*U Market
St.; monthly troubles, etc., cured at once.
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School. 1079 Market
Bt. ; perfect fit; no trying on; trial free.
ITTnTH. 167— Branch office of 1.-c Call; sub-
scriptions and^ want^adstaken.
HELP WAS TED— MALE.
TYPEWRITER, stenographer and assistant
bookkeeper, $50 and Increase, California ex-
perience; reference. State full particulars
after 6 p. m. to MURRAY & READY, Lead-
ing Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
CIVIL ENGINEER for a contracting com-
pany. State full particulars after 5 p. m. to
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
DRY GOODS clerk, California experience and
reference. $40. State full particulars after a
p m., to MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Clay st. „
GROCERY clerk, California experience and
reference. $40. State full particulars after a
p. m. to MURRAY & READ!. 634 and b36
Clay st.
GROCERY clerk and drive wagon, city. $8 a
week and Increase; exceptional good place.
— MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
6 CHERRY and berry and other fruit Pickers
$20 and found; 1." farm, orchard and \inejard ,
hands. ?20 and $15 per month and found. .
stable men. $20, country; 12 laborers, clt>
Jobs: -3 teamsters, city jobs. MURRAY &
READY, the Leading Employment ■ Agents, ,
634 and . 636 Clay st. ■ I
6 HOTEL cook? j ; ■*SnV $20
3 restaurant cooks ~ 25- to itci
5 hotel. waiters— -— — — ; — * 2 °. to *™
' 3 waiter boys : ■ — - -*\° " \\ 0 .
1 ranch cooks. ~— f*> to *}»
6 dishwashers — — T"^ $2 tO " $ 1
I MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st. :
, Telephone, Miin 5848. \___
LOOK here "~ — ~ — miners i
: for a large gravel mine, $2 50 a day; steady
! exceptional good job; board will cost $4 a
i .week. MURRAY & READY, Leading Em-
ployment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
95 WOODCHOPPERS — — — $1 s< > . cor 2'
$1 25 and $1 cord; 27 tie makers. Be, 9c 10c ,
each. MURRAY _ READY. 634 and 636
Clay Et., leading employment agts..
BLACKSMITH to rent and run a shop; rent |
free: near city, and $25 per month work guar- j
anteed by one company. Blacksmith lor a i
ranch; carpenter, city, rough work. MUR- j
RAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st. j
35 LABORERS ■ -FOR MINES. |
No experience required — — I
Different work, different wages; $1 60. $1 85, ;
I $2 10 and $2 50 day, "for a great syndicate.
Remember, S. P. R. R. Company has , given
us special reduced rates. j
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
BARTENDER ' ■ ' $35 and found !
for a country hotel; handy man for a laun-
dry, $15 and found. MURRAY & READY.
. ; 636 and 636 Clay st.
BOY ! to learn blacksmiths' trade. $60 per year
and found, city Job; 2 boys to learn furni-
ture trade. $3 week, city Job. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay 6t. j
$2 50 WAGES —per day; j
. 25 Laborers • ]
I to work around a large smelter of a great
corporation: steady position, no experience
required. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
I Clay st., leading employment agts. .'•■ . ::■;.'-
! WANTED— Fireman for an institution, coun-
try, $25 and found; shirt ironer, country, $30;
. polisher, laundry,- country. $30; driver for
laundry, $20; young man as waiter, country
restaurant, $20; waiter and tend bar, small
country place. $20; waiter. : French ■ restau-
rant. $40; groom and footman, country, $30;
butler. $40; boy for billiard room, country,
etc. ANDRE'S. 316 Stockton st.
HEAD laun.lryman, country hotel, year round,
$60 and found: starcher, steam laundry, $30
and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
COOK, small restaurant, near city. $40 and
room, see party here: second cook and baker
for a summer resort. $40: oysterman. $25 and
found: second cock, $7 a week: cook. board-
Ing house, $'.0: cook for men. $2.i; coachman,
city $25 and found: ranch blacksmith. $25 and
found: tlemakers. 10c: woodchnppers, $1 2o
a cord. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— IS laborers for country. $1 75 day:
laborers for city. $1 7n day: 5 miners, $40 and
$2 GO ('ay; tank builder; farmers, milkers and
others. 'Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S
Sacramenn Bt.
WANTED— Barkeeper, $65: 2 butlers, $30 and
$40; fourth hand baker on rakes, $25 and
board: second cook, restaurant, $9 week;
oook small hotel. $30: waiters, kitchen men
and othen.. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento at.
WANTED— Coachman, city reference*, $25 to
$20; cook for coffee house in city. $55 per
month; dishwasher for country, nice place,
J2O snd room; American butter maker and
tend separator, near city: young man. drive
milk wagon and run small engine, near city.
$30 and found; farmers: 3 milkers. $25, and
others. W. P. EWER & CO.. 626 Clay.
GOOD shoemaker, 4102 Nineteenth st., near
Castro.
WANTED— German boy to drive milk wagon,
at 8!6 Treat aye.
WANTED— Good extra waiter; steady place.
Apply 5 Harrison, between 9 and 10 a. m.
SALESMEN— A few good agents on uncovered
territory, capable of earning $30 to $40 weekly,
selling manifold books to consumers; com-
mission. PHILIP HANO & CO., 808-810
Greenwich St.. New York.
WANTED— Two bread and one good cake
baker. German Bakery, Tacoma, Wash.
TWO annta at once, city. Call between 8 and
9 a. m.. LEE GILBERT. 636 Fulton st.
YOUNG, able-bodied men desiring to join
v< tunteer cavalry, call on J. L. WALLER.
33 Grant aye.: good horsemen preferred:
hours, 8 to 9:30 a. m.
WANTED— First-class bookkeeper; give ref-
erences and wages expected. Address box
4634. Call office.
WANTED— RetaiI salesman; one familiar with
grocery or crockery business: give references
and wages expected. Box 4633, Call office.
WANTED— Experienced apprentice boy to work
on fine coats. Call 1012 Larkln st.
GOOD coat maker wanted to work Inside:
Call early. 927 Market st.. room 219.
BOY wanted. HERMANN SAFE FACTORY.
526 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Barber, steady. 797 Mission, cor.
Fourth st.
GOOD HnTsher on pants. 734 Montgomery,
room 1.
IMMEDIATELY, an Al lady superintendent;
must eventually take entire charge' state
agf and business experience. Box 4682, Call.
CLOTHING salesman; card writer; 3 waiters,
$40. 1023 Market st.
WANTED— A custom tailor, to work inside.
93."> Market, room 12.
WANTED— Shoemaker on repair work. Apply
with tools ready for work, 562 Mission st.
WANTED— Man to clean up and help tend
bar. 2340 Mason st.
WANTED— Bushelman. 829 Geary st.
WANTED— A boy. 412 Sacramento st.
BOOKKEEPERS, traveling salesmen, office
clerks, timekeepers and drivers find posi-
tions. 313 Bush.
SHOEMAKER boy wanted; must know shoe
repairing. Call at 871 Market st.
BOY to learn the unholstering and carpet
trade. 1512 Polk.
WANTED— Good hustling man to introduce new
article among storekeepers and Btablemen of
San Francisco and every city and town of
California and surrounding states: live man
can earn $8 to $10 a day: no competition. Ad-
dress wUh stamp, American Manufacturing
Co.. 434 Race St., Philadelphia, Pa.
STARCHER wanted at Sun Laundry. Nine-
teenth and Telegraph aye., Oakland.
WANTED— Young man as solicitor for retail
liquor business; steady position for good
worker. Box 4721, Call office.
WANTED— Seamen and ordinary seamen for
Alaska. Puget Sound. Mexico, etc.: apply
Mariners' Home. W. W. LANE. 504 Davis st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United Mates
marine corps, United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages or
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of tn»
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become such; must
be of good character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 inches and 6 feet in height. * or
further Information apply at the recruiting
office 20 Ellis st., San Francisco. Cal.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. South 6Q.
BAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast.
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart Bt.
WANTED^Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 100 large
rooms; 25c per night: II to $3 per week.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near
Market; 200 rooms. 25c a night; reading room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
a! HELP WANTED— Continued.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. 8.
FUCHS. Sec.. 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 138.
WANTED— At Montana House. 764H Mission;
men to take rooms; 10c. - 15c -nd 25c per
night: 60c. 90c and; sr per week.
ROSEDALE House. 32r Ellis-Rooms 25c_ to $1
night: $1 to $4 week; hot and cold baths.
SINGLE rooms : 10c - and 15c night : 75c and $1
week! Llndell House. Sixth and Howard st».
WANTED— To collect wages ' due laborers and
clerks Knox Collection Agency. 110 Sutler.
TRY Acme House. Market st.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
800 PAIR of men's new and *£>"*;}££%,**?*•
half price; half-soil 35c. 959 Howard at.
MEN to learn barber trade In eight weeks. 3.
F. . Barber College. 13SM; Eighth St.
C 27 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay-Open until 9 :30
clock: branch office of The Call. Subacnp-
tlons and want ads taken. - ■ - |
AGESTS WASTED.
AGENTS wanted— Murat Halstead s great war
book. "Our. Country in War ; all about
armies, navies, coast defenses. Maine disas-
ter, Cuba, war with Spain and relations with
foreign nations; nearly 600 pages: all written
since Maine disaster: magnificent colored il-
lustrations: agents making $10 to $39 per day.
no experience necessary: liberal terms: <M
days' credit: price low; freight paid; outfit
free: send 9 2-c stamps to pay postage. Edu-
cational Union. 324 Dearborn St.. Chicago.
FIRST-CLASS agents wonted to represent
Scribner's Magazino: a splendid opportunity
to make money. Call or write Scnbner s.
119-121 Phelan building. San Francisco.
LADIFS nnd gentlemen to solicit for the Co-
operative pick Aid Society. Apply at room
20. 21 Powell st., bet. 1 and 4 p. m.
HOUSES "WASTED.
WANTED by responsible parties— Furnished
cottajre or flat of 4 or 5 rooms, with yard
preferred; state price, which must reasonable.
Box <701. Call orflce. •
~~ ROOMS WASTED.
WANTED— 2 or 3 rooms for mother and son;
f.-.rner lioufp ard t-.n floor. Box 4077. Call.
FURNITURE! WASTED.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
e-ornery ct. : hieh«»st nrlces paid. Tel (avis .71.
MISCELLANEOUS.
PAWNBROKER— OId geld, silver, cast-off
clothing bought. Add. PPLEMAN. 41 Third.
~~ CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works; cleans,
moves, ; lays carpets. I C. H. STEVENS, Mgr..
88 and 40 Eighth st.: telephone South 250.
WHEN become disgusted with poor work
send -to SPAULDING'S Pioneer .Carpet-
Beating .Works, 353-57 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40.
J. McQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet Cleaning Co., 453
Stevenson st.. tel. S 228; lowest rates. .-■'
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relaid at 3c.
STRATTON. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 9*4.
GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet-Cleaning
Works. 14 Sth St. B. GRANT, tel. Jessie 201.
J E. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
Bt.: cleaning 3c a yard; tel. Mission 74.
J. WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovat-
ing, alteration wks. 413 McAllister: Jessie 321.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.:
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126. - ' ' ■
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
LOST.
LOST— Certificates of deposit issued by tha
Crocker-Woolworth National Brink, Nos. K>.-
599, 21,856. 17.736. V>,917 and 2".. 463. Finder
please return to bank and receive reward.
LOST— Lady's watch and locket chain, on Bay.
Larkin or North Point sts. Return to Cal.i-
han's grocery, northwest corner Bay and
Hyde sts. ; reward.
I LOST— A ladies" small gold watch, old fash-
ioned dial and horse engraved on hack. Reward
If returned to J. A. Wright, 212 Sansome, or
2222 Washington St.
LOST— A Mystic Shrine Jewel at Masonic Fes-
tival Saturday evening. A libral reward will
be paid for return of sanm to 150 King st.
I LOST— A ladies' tailor made suit from a
buggy. Please return to M. ROTHSCHILD.
211 Sutter. and receive $5 reward,
SILVER link purse on Market St.. between
Third and Fourth. Return to 2230 Pacific
aye. : reward.
FOIXD.
FOUND— Pointer bitch. J. PETERS, 19 Shot-
tvoll st.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BAR outfits, store fixtures, scales, etc., second-
hand: selling at cost. 868 Folsom. nr. Fifth.
FOR SALE— IO Jersey calves, sired by a grand-
son of Eurotas. o. B. MORBS, Bollnaa. Cal.
DOMESTIC sewing machine, 5 drawers, all at-
tachments: nearly new. 1915 Mission st.
SECOND-HAND hose for Irrigation purposes;
pumps, gasoline engines, etc. H. 3. WHITE,
514, 516, 518 Mission St.
FOR Sale — 1 six-horse power boiler, new; can
be bought very cheap; sold for want of use.
Apply Great Western Can Co., San Jose, Cal.
GAS fixtures very low; large assortment; 1
and 2 bowl barber washstands. cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye.
THOROUGHBRED Angora kittens for sale at
557 Ellis St.. formerly of 1945 Eddy st.
FOR Sale— Fine office partitions, store coun-
ters glass front wallcases, S-foot plate glass
showcases, bookkeepers' desks, chairs, letter
presses and entire store and office equipment.
Call or address 309 Larkln st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, show cases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission st., above Sixth.
NEW centerboard fishing boat 21 feet long. <
feet wide, copper fastened, oak ribs, clinker
built- has never been in water; will sell for
less than half cost. SMITH CO., 527 Mission.
$77 so— UPRIGHT piano, good condition. $5
down. $3 per month. _:» Suiter st.
FOR Sale— Smith Premier typewriter; bargain;
fine condition. X.. box 95, Call office.
4%-HORSE power motor. *85. _ 32S Bush st..
room 4. ' ; . ■ . •
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, elect!,
goods; new, 2d-hand. Smith Co.. 527 Mission.
J R POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
"building material. 1124 Mission; tel. So. 787.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Me-
. INTOSH & WOLFMAN. Fremont & Howard.
SAFES— New. and second-hand: cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc. 533 Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand; all
; sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
GRAPHOPHONES. $10: Records , $5 per doi.;
Projectoscope, $100. Baclgalupl. 933-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, - letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
showcase: counters, shelving, etc..
B bo"ght and sold" 1063 Mission, nearjeventh.
SEWING MACHINES.
ALL kinds bought, sold. exdtexwed.^: rented;
repairing, lowest rates. 205 fourth st. *
~ EDUCATIONAL..
HE *LD'S Business College." 24 Post st Book-
keeping business practice, shorthand.- typ-
ing telegraphy, languages. English branches;
electrical civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying; assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates Placed since 18S2: catalogue.
AYRES* Business College, 723 Market st. ;
•Individual instruction in shorthand, typing, :
bookkeepings telegraphy, etc.: . life scholar-
ship. $50: low rates per week and month.;
ENGLISH Latin, mathematics, literature a
«rwclaltv hours 8 a.m. to 12 m...and even-
ing^. 'MlSS ROULSTON. 776 Q-Farrell st. .
UNIVERSITY Coach— Perry, Ph.: B.. Fel-
low in Mathematics. U. C, 2407 S. Atherton.
■'.' nr. Charming. way. Berkeley; write for circular.
ENGINEERING School; civil, electrical, mln-
inir Vnech. survey, assay, archlt.; day & eve.;
est." 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course in Tarr's counting room makes you
thorough. Room 572. 535 Market St.
FRENCH lessons by French teacher. Address
box 4628. Call office.
SHORTHAND; to write 100 words a minute;
taught In one month; terms $10. 712 Van Ness.
THE Lyceum (accredited) prepares for the uni-
versity, law and medical colleges. Ph?lan bdg.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50. postage
free.
FURXITIRE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of flat of 5 rooms for sale 107
_Poik ?t.
ATTOnNEYS~AT L,-~\\7 ~~
ADVICE free on all legal matters^ tTTR
STACK, 14 McAllister St., room 64.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market St.BUSINESS CHAXCES.
$40e— RESTAURANT; few doors north of Mar-
ket st. ; old established; receipts $25 to $30 per
day; a money-making place. M. LESS, 765
Market St.
$60c— CIGAR store; right in wholesale district;
doing large business; selling at great sacr.-
lice; don't miss this chance; rent cheap. M.
LESS, 765 Market st.
$1500— CORNER grocery and bar, 4 rooms and
bath, in Western Addition; established 10 ;
year?; big bar trade; well worth *2;>00; selling |
on account of sickness. M. LESS & CO.. <oo
Market st.
$1000— CORNER grocery and bar in the Mission;
6 living rooms; proprietor owns building;
cheap rent; long lease. M. LESS & CO.. >m
Market s^
,$3;. "--SALOON and lunch house; going to Alas-
ka. Mclaughlin & <•»>.. 23 Keamy st.
14600— GOOD-PATINa business, clearing from
$260 to $300 per month; tullest investigation
Invited; owner leaving city cause of sale.
MoLAUOHLIN .v >".. B Kearny m.
WOO— PHOTOQ APHIC business in prosperous
country to\%r bargain; on account of sick-
ness. Mclaughlin & co.. 23 Kearny st._
$650— COUNTRY store, saloon and dwelling;
hall In seoond story: large lot: worth $2000;
no opposition; satisfactory reasons for sell-
ing. Mclaughlin & co.. 23 Keamy Bt.
$2500— SALOON, country mining town; 2 stores.
2 cottages. 7 lots; half price; owner compelled
to go East. MCLAUGHLIN, 23 Keary st.
$250-RESTAURANT; receipts $30 daily; must
id. Mclaughlin .v- co., 23 Kearny st.
A - '. saloon," 2 doors from Montgomery st.,
average daily receipts $12; rent $23. Inquire
WILKK". 7v;< Market st.
$Sso— SALOON and lunch house; close to and
patronized by the largest brewery of this
city; doing a rushing business; good stock
and rare business opening. WILKE, 783
Market st.
|4 SALOON; first-class business; close to
I'helan building; a bargain. See WILKE.
753 Market st^ __^__
A— s3."o; RESTAURANT, opposite cable house;
transfer corner: good business; cheap rent.
WILKE, 7?3 Market st.
: BATH bouse, with 10 bath tubs; 8 fur-
nished rooms; rent $42: close to Kearny St.;
kept by owner for years; a first-class busi-
ness opening for the right party. WILKE,
7S>3 Market et.
A— S22OO— RARE chance for investment; first-
class saloon; close to Chronicle; elegantly
fitted up; clearing above $250 per month; con-
nected with club and poker rooms; a sacri-
fice; important business calling owner south.
' Particulars. WILKE. 783 Market St.
A— KREDO & CO., Successful Brokers, 22^
Geary st. Miscellaneous business chances.
$£.00— Stationery, books. Call and laundry office.
■700— Photograph gallery; oldest on coast.
Delicacy; fine corner, with living rooms.
$400— Home bakery; 3 barrels daily: rooms.
j&xi — Restaurant and furnished flat; $20 dally.
$450— BEST shooting gallery; cigar stand pays
rent; clears $150. KREDO & CO.. 22^ Geary.
A— sl2i: BRANCH bakery, butter, eggs; fine liv-
ing rooms; daily receipts $10. KREDO & CO.,
2ih Geary sU
A RARE chance for investment in Oakland;
first-class restaurant for sale, clearing $250
per month; same owners S years; positively
no opposition near; place located on Junction
of best two streets; ..heap rent; reason for
selling, owners leaving for Europe. M. L.
WI'RTS, 17th and Broadway. Oakland.
$550— WANTED; a steady man as partner in a
first-class liquor store, doing a large trade;
stock will invoice $r<00; object in getting part-
ner is to do a jobbing business; you are sure
in this case to be connected with a reliable
ess man. HEALY, 917 Market.
-CORNER grocery and bar; without
doubt one of the best business corners.
;. -Partner wanted; commission business.
J" 1"—Saloon;1 "— Saloon; old-established; good corner,
end other barpains in saloons, bakeries and
restaurants. ANDERSON & CO., 777 Market.
| KRY and bar. worth twice the
! location, stock and trade; must
sell. Pacific Exchange, 995 Market St.
PARTNER wanted in first-class saloon;
bargain. Call for particulars between 2 and 4
p. m., room 596 Emporium building.
$13." — A SNAP; fine cigar store for sale; good
■ on; line stock: low rent; free light.
McAllister st., near City Hall.
RESTAURANT for sale; best location in Oak-
I; owner has other business. K. D., box 4,
■ laklaßd.
JlfiO; CIGAR store, few doors off Market;
splendid location; must sell. M. LESS, 765
Market st.
THE best paying cigar and fruit stand in the
city tor sale cheap. Apply at Call office.
GENTLEMAN desires lady partner in very
profitable business. Box 1683. Call office.
A GOOD opening for a short order cook to
: make money. Inquire 33 Third st.
FOR sale— A good oyster house. 307 Grant
avenue.
BARBER ■■.:. for sale; paying. Inquire at
103 Eddy st.
ANY one who has from $5000 to $25,000 to In-
vest in the best dairy, hog and wood propo-
sition on the Pacific Coast will' find It to
their interest to write for particulars to
R. W. SWEET. Klrkwood. Cal.
FOR sal.*— A well-established corner saloon;
well stocked; on principal 6treet south of
Market; price $110 investigate; no agents;
8 yrs. in same place. H. M.. box 818, Call.
FOR sale— Restaurant; bargain; receipts $40 to •
$50 per day; rent $22 50; must sell: disagree-
ment of partners; a chance of a lifetime. 207
Second st.
GOOD paying business for sale; center of city;
price $3000, or will exchange for a farm. Box
8001. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant for sale cheap; free
from all debt: good prices: central location.
For particulars Inquire 518 Kearny st.
FOR sale — Home bakery; good paying business;
established yeart=; 6 fine rooms. 1913 Howard.
SACRIFICE — Fine corner saloon; 4 nice living
rooms; rent $20. 331 Sixth st.
FOR sale, cheap — 16-room hotel, making $15 a
day; owner going to Klondike; purchaser can
have trial before buying. Apply Call office.
SALOON and lunch place wants partner; Ital-
ian preferred; $200 cash required; no agents.
Call at ?..'.<■, Mission st.
FOR sale — Call route at Santa Cruz. Apply at
• Call business office or to J. H. MOON, Santa
Cruz.
$150— BRANCH bakery for sale; candy, sta-
tionery store; Alameda. Box 4711, Call office.
FOR SALE— Good newspaper route in this
. city. Apply at this office.
SALOON for sale cheap. Apply at 236 Third
street.
FOR SALE — route at San Jose; for par-
ticulars apply at Call business office or 10 E.
F. PIERCE. San Jose.
COAL and wood business, "Id established, cheap
for caeh, 3 horses, 2 wagons, everythlnr else
necessary. Address box 2391, Call office.
PARTNER wanted, lady or gentleman, as
cashier; good-paying restaurant on Mont-
gomery st. Box 2156, Call. ■ . ■
CORNER grocery and bar, living rooms, for
sale: Investigate. 117 Fillmore et. .
$550— sale, a grocery and bar. For par-
ticulars call at Washington Brewery...
2 GOOD mining claims for $5000; would ex-
change. Room 102, Grand Hotel. .
SUMMER resort and beer garden to sell or
rent. MRS. BOEKELMANN. Lorin. Cal.
CORNER saloon for sale at a bargain; good
stock of liquors, cigars. 243 Fourth st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
LODGING .»-> USES FOR SALE.
$475— New and good ........$475
$1600— On Market st. ; clears 250
$6000— Fine corner; clears 300
$1100— *,".0« cash: corner .......17 rooms
$200— On OFarrell St.; flat... 7 rooms
$1400— Best In the city: fine corner.... 50 rooms
$2500— Fine for transient; clears $300. .82 rooms
$300— All men roomers- clears $50.... 12 rooms
$500— Only $250 cash; bal. payments.... 17 rooms
$1000— Fine corner: clears $100.... .26 rooms
Apply to H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
A— KREDO & CO., Successful Brokers. 22%
Geary st.
255 rooms; clears $400 monthly $5000
105 rooms: elegant; net receipts $3000...... 4500
CO rooms; Market: best. in city 2500
40 rooms: sunny corner; transient ....'.. 2000
30 rooms; Kearny; elegant .offices 2600
25 rooms; best on Post: bargain. v... 1550
12 rooms; Powell; elegant :."..V....... . 800
8-room flat: Ellis st. ; free rent 250
Hundreds of others at your own price.
WINSTON & CO., 646 Market st. ii
14 rooms, near Baldwin Hotel, 0n1y...... 1380
15 rooms. Post St., rent $50: fine........... 850
19 rooms, rent $27; a money maker 400
20 rooms, rent $55: investigate thi5........ 600
21 rooms, rent $25; income $100..;.. .." 425
24 rooms; Market St.: brand new 1200
28 rooms, rent $55; part ca5h............... 350
41 rooms, rent $140; near 0rpheum......... 2700
44 rooms, rent $100; strictly Brut class..... 1300
$350; LODGING house, 22 rooms, all 'filled;
vicinity Flood bid. ; best offer in this line.
M. LESS & CO.. 765 Market, opp. Phelan bid.
A— sl2oo; 48-room house, clearing about
$125 per month, rent low; 2 blocks' north of
Market Bt. - - -..■■•■■-■"
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
FOR Dawson, Alaska Venture Co. Steamship
Prof. Morse, sails for :• St. • Michaels June . 10.
connecting with the speediest steamer on the
Yukon, the F. M. Smith; unexcelled facilities
for handling freight and passengers; before
making contracts call ;at general office, 630
Market st- "
:■ HOUSES TO LET.
ALL OVER TOWN ' ■ "
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN _
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st. ' _
ELEGANT 8-roora houses; Sixth aye., bet. Cal-
ifornia and Lake sts. ; prices will surprise
you. MARCUSE & REMMEL. 628 Market St.
HOUSE of 6 rooms, yard; rent $14. 13 Valpa-
raiso St., off Mason. - -
$25 — JONES St., house, 8 rooms, basement
I and large yard. Apply to G. H. UMBSEN &
| CO., 14 Montgomery st.
~ COTTAGES TO LET.
A NEW m^ern sunny corner cottage, nicely
furnished; TT rooms and bath; reasonable to
responsible party. Apply 22 Hoffman aye.,
near Twenty-second st. , ■■
ARMY 3628 A— Sunny cottage, 6 rooms, base-
ment; rent $S; rear cottage. ■-
COTTAGE. 5 rooms; prettiest in city; new;
2963 Twenty-first St.; key at corner grocery.
FURNISHED houses to let.
COMFORTABLY furnished house to rent In
Mission to good parties; terms reasonable.
Box 1679. Call office. ■
FOR SALE— Five furnished rooms. 253 Jes-
B ie, corner of Fourth. __£_"
TAYLOR 810— Completely furnished sunny
T h Jus?. 10 rooms and bath. Call bet. 1:30 and
4 p. m. . -
tt'ppfr furnished flat, 3107 Washington St..
L will be rented for 2 or 3 months from June 1.
very "heap; can be seen from 11 to 3.
— ~~FLATS~TO LET. v _^__ :
rTß^Mflaril^fa^^ "ear" Mason;
rent cheap. Apply Grant aye.
ELWOOD, 11-Flat. four sunny rooms. Off
O' Farrell, near Mason.
GROVE many rooms; reduced from
$25 to '$21 to a good tenant.
qgst^g^^ ; isrm l a& _x_
MARKET. 2658-7 sunny rooms; bath and
laundry: rent $16.
MCALLISTER. 726-Upper flat, 7 rooms; bath:
■ rent $30. Key 728.
MCALLISTER. 2045-Sunny bay window flat. 5
rooms and bath; rent $lo-
MINNA. 462-Flat of 5 sunny rooms; rent rea-
sonable.
MODERN built sunny flat, 5 rooms and bath.
919 Capp st.
NICELY furnished flat; 5 rooms and bath. Ap-
ply 111 Liberty st. .
POLK. 1710. near Clay-New bay-window
sunny flat, 7 rooms and bath,
SANCHEZ and Twenty-third-- Modern upper
Twenty-third; rent cheapest In city, upper
r-duced from $25 to $20 and lower reduced
from $l-VoTo $1S; now open for inspection.
Apply MADISON & BURKE.
STEVENSON, 733— Sunny flat 6 rooms; two
kitchens; rent $18.
4 NICE sunny rooms to let; rent $10. 2041 Har-
rison St., opposite Eighteenth.
5 NEW choice sunny rooms; all modern im-
provements; rent $18. 1706 Hyde st.
HI $14—5 OR 6 rooms; also cottage, 4 sunny
rooms, $10. 623 Second St.. near Townsrn.l.
FURNISHED FLATS.
FURNISHED flat of 6 rooms and bath Call,
after 6 p. m., 4tO Sanchez, cor. Seventeenth:
rent $25. ________________——--—
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT~446 Thirteenth, cor. Guerrero, sunny fur-
nished housekeeping room; kttchenjjjath^ $10^
BRANnXn" 1079, near Tenth— 2 sunny fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping.
BRY\NT 1101—3 corner front rooms completely
furnished for housekeeping; reasonable.
~- \LIFORNIA. 1306— Pleasant rooms furnish-
ed for housekeeping; private family.
1 FIFTH 314— Large sunny front housekeeping
room 'complete; bath; private; $S; also 2
others. $11^
FIFTH. 322— Suite of rooms furnished for
housekeeping; rent cheap.
FIFTH, 353. formerly housekeep-
ing; 2 parlors; kitchen; bath; 22: also 1, $7.
FIFTH, 42SH— Front room and kitchen newly j
furnished for housekeeping ; also others.
FULTON^ 41— Comfortably furnished front i
room and kitchen; Jl2 month; private family. i
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 620—3 sunny rooms, bay-
window, furnished for housekeeping.
GKARY. f.s6— Formerly MS; elegant sunny
suites for light housekeeping; double and
single rooms.
GEARY, 1812% — 3 comfortable furnished rooms
for housekeeping; $13. '
GEARY. 1919— For adults; 4 comfortable rooms:
bath, two beds; two stovee; gas and coal; J2O. I
GENTLEMAN having nice furniture for 5 j
rooms and cooking utensils, will give the use
of some for a room. "Furniture," box 4673,
Call office.
HOWARD, ~6l\i — Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; double and single; complete.
HOWARD, 821— Housekeeping rocms, from $7
to $10.
HOWARD. S67A— Newly furnished large sunny
front mom in private family.
HOWARD 1806, cor. Fourteenth— 3 sunny front
rooms, $*.
H' 'WARD, 553 — 1 furnished rooms complete for
housekeeping, for sale. $40; basement, frit 47.
lIYI'K 1412— Two, three or four rooms newly
furnished for housekeeping; single rooms
reasonable; references.
JESSIE, 478, near Sixth— Furnished, two or
three rooms; housekeeping.
LEAVENWORTH, 811—4 rooms, bath, furni-
ture; for young couple; no children; ref.; $IG,
MISSION, 839—12 a week; sunny housekeeping
rooms; running water.
MISSION, 86%— Completely furnished sunny
front housekeeping rooms; gas and bath.
MISSION, 1217— Front sunny alcove suite com-
plete for housekeeping; al«so single rooms.
NINTH. 123 — Nicely furnished suite of rooms
for housekeeping: bath: sunny yard.
NINETEENTH, 4059, near Castro — 4 unfur-
nished rooms; bay-window; near 2 car lines.
OAK, 42— Sunny housekeeping rooms; also
front, furnished.
O'FARRELL, __%— Two or three sunny rooms
furnished for housekeeping.
PINE, 1502, corner Polk— Two large sunny bay-
window unfurnished rooms.
SHOTWELL, 632—3 r.unny rooms; bath; wash i
trayr; side entrance; rent $9; ke" upstairs.
TENTH, 123— Near Market; nice large sunny
rooms complete for housekeeping.
TURK, 405 — Sunny suites, double and single
rooms; also 3 front connecting rooms com-
plete housekpg; range; bath; running water.
TURK, 543 — Large front rooms, housekeeping;
gas or coal stove; gas, bath; $12 and $16.
VAN NESS aye., 400— Most elegant, sunny cor.
flat; 3 rooms and bath; complete for house-
keeping; no children; all front rooms.
VAN NESS aye.. 1021. near Geary— Front sun-
ny suite, $22 50, and one suite for $15; gas
rangp.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
EIGHTH, 508, near Broadway station— 2 eunny
front rooms, complete for housekeeping.
ROOMS TO LET.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton st. ; trunks
moved to any part of city, 2Dc; phone Main 49.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT 242 Stockton— Sunny rooms; pretty view;
quiet house; baths; gas; very reasonable.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post, cor, Stockton. 2 blocks
Palace— Sunny suits; large, light, single rms.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.; $8, $10 mo.
EDDY, 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms, per night,
50c to $1; week. $2 to $6; families.
EDDY, 761— Newly furnished sunny rooms;
bath; gas; private family; very reasonable,
ELLIS, 418 (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
rooms and suites for gents, $1 50 to $8 week.
FULTON. 121— Two sunny furnished fronfe
rooms; range and water, large yard; $10.
GEARY. 675— Nicely furnished parlor; also
small room In private family.
GEARY, 774— Handsome sunny front suite,
suitable for 3 or 4; bath, gas; board optional.
GEARY, 622 c— Newly furnished sunny bay-win-
dow room; also single rooms; bath and gas.
GLOBE Housfc, 821 Howard— Per night. 25c to
$1; week, $1 to $4; reading-room; Howard cars.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 603— Two sunny fur-
nished rooms; single or together; gas; bath;
reasonable.
HOWARD, 704, corner Third— Fine sunny fur-
nished corner rooms; also housekeeping; rent j
cheap. J
THE SAST FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 17, 3898.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming-house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
JESSIE. 164, near Palace Hotel— Nice sunny
front rooms; other rooms, $1 week up.
LARKIN, 804— Sunny front room; 1 or 2 per-
sons; $7. __
MASON, 18 (Silver State)— Elegantly furnished
rooms, single by the week, $1 50 to $3; suites,
$4 to $6; baths; hot water; transient; elevator.
MASON, 413— Opp. Native Sons' Hall; nicely
furnished sunny parlors; rooms reasonable.
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week.
MISSION, 1226— Nice large sunny parlor, piano;
running water; bath; suitable 2; $10 month^
OAK, 48— ?3 50; unfurnished large bay window-
room; first floor; place for stove.
OTARRELL. 210 A —Sunny bay-window front
room, $12; other rooms, $8 and $10.
OTARRELL, 231— New management, new fur-
niture; elegantly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms; bath and gas; rent reasonable.
OTARRELL, 327— Large front room, well fur-
nished, $10; sunny single room, $7.
OTARRELL. 274 — Newly furnished sunny
rooms to let; permanent or transient.
OTARRELL, 702— Nicely furnished sunny par-
lor; also small sunny room; private family.
PHILADELPHIA House— Furnished rooms, 75c
week and upwards. 421 Bush st.
POWELL, 147, and 211 O' Farrell— Nlco fur-
nished rooms by day, week or month.
POST, 622— Sunny suite or single rooms; flrst-
class in every respecc. MRS. M. SCHULZ.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
TAYLOR, 109— Sunny double room with sep-
arate bods, $10; sunny single room, $1 50.
TAYLOR. 211— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
or en suite; also bath; reasonable.
ROOMS Ai.D BOARD.
ELEGANT sunny rooms; new house; new fur-
niture; also first-class meals; healthiest part
of San Francisco. The Sirius. 1505 Stockton.
FOLSOM. 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
HYDE, 408— Double and single rooms; flrst-
class board; Spanish; $20 a month up.
HYDE. 925— Sunny rooms; good board; pretty
grounds ; select location. Mrs. Brotherton.
SOUTH PARK. 159— Good table board, $3 per
week; with nice sunny front room, $4 week.
SUTTER. Sunny suite; single rooms; first-
class board; large grounds. Mrs. W. F. Evans.
THE Oriel— or without board; new, ele-
gantly furnished, beautiful sunny Market-st.
suites, with board for 2, $40 per month; single
rooms accordingly.
VAN NESS aye., 808— Beautiful sunny rooms;
modern; newly furnished; with board. . ,v-
VAN NESS aye.. 803— Elegant • furnished sunny
front rooms, bath ; very best board.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
WOULD like a child to board; nice home;
mother's care; best references: also room
for parent. 1203 Laguna st.
WIDOW would like 2 children to board; terms
reasonable; near school. 51 Clara st.
AN elderly lady will take infants to board; a
mother's care: references. • 234*4 Sixth *t.
STORES TO LET.
HOWARD, ISO 2. cor. Fourteenth— Store and 2
living rooms suitable for barber shop.
NORTHEAST cor. Sansome and Pacific sts.;
. large corner store with basement; reduced
to $20 per month.
TO RENT; furniture for sale (bargain); small
store: 3 large rooms In rear; good location:
suitable for any small business; rent cheap:
call Monday. 804 La xkin st.
OFFICES TO LET.
j FINE partly furnished offices. 901 Sutter St.,
corner Leavenworth,
______________________________________
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS —«. are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash. Bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some pood pianos for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY _ CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway,' Oak'and. '
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER _ CEASE'S,
26, 2S and ?0 O'Farrell st. Pianos, • organ*
and -" other musical Instruments of all
grades and prlc?*. Terms ea.y; prices low-
est. - Everything, possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
CLARK, WISE & CO., cor. Grant aye. and
Geary St.. agents Conover. Kingsbury and
other pianos; opened May 1: new stock: spe-
cial prices; easy terms; inspection invited.
"CROWN" piano is the greatest yet made;
free concerts this woek at Fresno. Vallejo,
Napa. 1108 and 1223. Oakland, and at HOCK-
ETT BROS, .v <•<>.■>, t>o Pos* ?t.
SECOND-HAND pianos at all prices; terms
extremely accommodating. BENJ. CURTAZ
& SON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell St., agents for the
Chlckering and other pianos.
WE have a fine B:iby Grand at a bargain:
new pianos are offered at lower prices than
ever. MAUVAIS. 763 Market St. j
A STEINWAY piano for $100; a Chickerlng for '
$90; examine list of bargains this week. THE
V. W. SPENCER CO.. 933 Market st.
SOHMEH & CO., Byron Mauzy. Newby. Evans.
Briggs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. 308, 310. 312 Post st.
A FIN?' Emerson, $50; Steinway, $150. Room
12 Flood bid.. TFIK J. DEWING CO.
A MAGNIFK'KNT KOQ upright will be sold
for $160. Apply KH Castro st.
GREAT bargains; Decker. Schubert, Stelnway,
Neuman, others. Hornung's. 21fi McAllister.
"AD" smallest; price lowest; uprights $75 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE, 136 Ellis St.
NEW pianos rented. $3 per month. SCOTT-
(IRTAZ PIANO '"C. 560 Hayes St.
FINK lanre upright: sacrifice. 120 McAllister
St., flat No. 1.
A GOOD upricht, very cheap.. 16 McAllister
St., next Hiber la Bank. SCHMITZ.
AGENCY Haines Bros, pianos; second-hand
pianos. $75 up. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post
KNAIiE pianos; new scale; new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
I SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
Mri.LKR, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
BRANCH office of The Call. 106 Eleventh st.—
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
HORSES.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, bugjries.
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth St.. auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
CAMP wacons. bupgles. wagons, harness of all
kinds: 40 horses: must sell. Emporium Sales
Yards 220 Valencia st. T. P. NEWELL.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
BUGGY, horse and harness, hay and lumber
wagons, cheap. FLANAGAN, Eighteenth
and Folsom sts.
THREE-QUARTER end spring-, ball bearing
axle, rubber tire, piano body buggy. Can be
seen at O'BRIEN & SONS', Golden Gate aye.
and Polk st.
ST'ECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co.. ill Larkin, opp. City Hall.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for rash or Installments: 1 fine top and opea
buggy: also 1 hack. 828 Harrison st.
615 LARKlN— Branch office of The Call. Sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
DENTISTS.
A^FULL set of teeth. $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted ten years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c: crowns, $3 50; all
■work painless and irranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
NKW YORK dentists; painless extraction;
teeth, per set, $5 up; gold filling. 75c up; sil-
v»r 25c up; old plates made over. $1 up; all
work warranted; open evenings and Sundays.
569 Mission st., cor. Sixth, and 371 Hayes st.
DR LUHLUM HILL 1443 Market St.. nr. 11th;
no charge for ext.-acting when plates are
made- old plates i ade over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting BOc; gas given.
DR GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VA:~ VROOM Electro Dental Tarlors; full set
of teeth. $5 up: flllinßs, 25c up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
ings. 997 Market St., corner Sixth.
DR I,I'KLLA COOL. 551 Suttor; crowns. $5;
aluminum plates & bridge wr.-rk a specialty.
I | TBAGUE, A. CANE and F. TEAGUE.
removed to Call bid?., 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
AX.IT work, reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market st._^
SET~of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk Bt.
TYPEWRITERS.
ALiT~typewriters sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER&CO., 110 Montgomery.
YOST good order. $25; send for sample work.
BCOTt & BANNAN, 333 Montgomery st.
PERSONALS.
WILL REV. W. D. NICHOLAS call without
delay on S. FOSTER. 26 California st.
ALL seeking marriage send 12c for May "Wed-
ding Bell," 18 pages: 676 gents; 423 ladies: no
$5 fee. EDITOR, 111 Ellis st., San Francisco,
Cal.
BUSINESS IERSONALS.
COSTLESS clothes — Clothes made to order;
clothes that fit; clothes that Jar the high
priced tailors in quality of goods and mini-
mum of price; for instance, on a $20 suit,
$5 down and $1 per week. Agency BOSTON
WOOLEN MILLS, 920 Broadway, Oakland.
REMEMBER, I have but one price to every-
body, 25c. Hair dressed la mode for 25c only;
good switches $1; best, finest quality, $3 50;
extra heavy, long. $5; open Sundays from I to
12. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St., nr. Market: 200 rooms,
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CEMETERY fence?: best work; lowest prices.
DOUGLASS, 1716 Central aye., between Bush
! and Pine sts.
QUINONIA Hair Tonic will positively cure
dandruff. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
HOME In confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Bth St.. Alameda.
MRS. DR. JOHNSTON, masseuse, electrician,
trained nurse. Office heated. 679 Geary st.
CLOAKS and fine tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. 20 Eansome et.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.
MMB. GOLDSTEIN— Elegant, stylish dresses,
$5 up: dresses made over. 6 Eddy st.. rm. St.
SAN' FRANCTSCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal even' hidden mystery in life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separate, recovers lost,
stolen or burle property; locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life, rast, present
and future, while in a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to 5 p. m.; perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail, r-end stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 26, 1206 Market St., opposite Sixth.
YOUR future told by cards; ladies 10c; gents
25c. 221 Sixth st.
MME. HANSON' pj-'.mist; card-reader- iast.
present and future: 25c. MS Sixth St., room 10.
MMr, MOREAU, best medium and card-
reader: 25c up; German spoken. 73 Fourth st.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT, card-reader and
palmist. 215 Kearny st., room 2.
GYPSY life - arier gives correct answers to all
questions; L., 2rc: G., 50c: no sign. 3 7th st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS?— First in her pro-
fession; never fails; advice; help. 929 Post st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MR. J."~BEROEROT, prof, of chiromancy, will
translate what Providence has printed In your
hnnds, tell the vocation of your children and
the secret of producing your choice of sex.
Hours 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. 611 Stockton; $1 and up.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night, S: 10c; fine music. 605 McAllister st.
CIRCLE to-night: Thursday. 2 p. m., U214 Oak
st. C. Mayo Steers; readings dally, $1.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance,
8 p. m., 25 cents. 409 Leavenworth st.
GO to MRS. MICHASL for the best card read-
er; ladies only. 53 Albion aye.
MKS. BLLIS, medium. 233 Valencia St.; read-
Ings $1; cir. Tues».. Fri., 2 p. m.; Sat., 8; 25c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test and busi-
ness medium. 232 Stockton st.
ASTROLOGY — Your fortune by your name; oc-
cult science. Sll'-i Mission st.
MRS. PHRINER. clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 120 McAllister; hours 10-4.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings dally. 123'^ Sixth St., room 2.
M. FRANCES, independent slate-writing me-
dium. US Halght st
PALMISTRY.
MRS. CHANDLER; readings Tueo., Thura.,
Sat. at hall. 305 Larkln St.; Mon.. Wed., Frt.
residence. S"»3 Oary st.
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
f.O years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided: kind sympathy and aid; Bure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay *elf-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 59 McAllister
Bt. ; pills, $1; very strong, $2: cure. $5.
NEW process: a great progress in medical
science for female trouble; no matter from
what cause; ,no medicine or instruments
used: restores always In one day without fail:
every woman her own physician : every rase
guaranteed; consultation free; can be sent
and used at home; by the well known PR.
POPPER, 318 Kearny st. ; pills and cap-
sules. $1.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects' taken in time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box. sent free by
mail on receipt of price: consultation on all
Bpecial diseases fre«. WALLER BROS., 33
Grant aye., S. F. A Caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
DRS GOODWIN makes a specialty of diseases
of women; irregularities from any causa re-
stored in one day, or no charge; restores
strength and vigor of organ unexcelled; ma-
tornlty home: best medical attendance; low
fe»s- cure, $5: pills, $1: when others fail,
see free of charge. 401 Van Ness aye., near
McAllister St.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly irregularities ffrom whatever cause)
in a few houiH; safe and sure at all times
when others have failed: no instruments used;
home in confinement: pills and capsules, $1;
every case guaranteed: consultation free and
confidential: hours 10 to 5 and 7 to 8. MRS.
DR WYETH, 208 Turk St., near Jones.
LADIES, Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best; safe, reliable; take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars.
'•Relief for Ladies": lettrr by return mail; at
druggists. Chichester Chemical Co., Phila.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; a home In confinement, with best
possible care; with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital: thnsf- sick or discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their case;
they will find in her a true friend. MRS.
DR. GWYER. 226 Turk st.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly oil
cases of monthly irregularities, from what-
ever cause: no Instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office. $5: travelers helped Instantly;
home in confinement: consult free: hours 10 to
B, 7 to 8. DR. and MRS. KOHL, 1122 Market.
DR. and MRP. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye., private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance; terms
moderate; infants adopted into good homes.
DR WISE'S private sanitarium. 307 Jones st.,
formerly of 80ii Kearny and late of Belvlew
Hospital, N. V.; diseases of women; advica
free- experienced lady attendant.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro; price
$1 50; RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay st. ; send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co.. 531 X st., Sacramento,. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female trouble"; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. T>. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
NORTH Beach Sanitarium. 1412 Mason St.; pri-
vate home In confinement; competent physi-
cians and nurses; trms. reas. Powell-st. ; cars.
ELECTRICAL treatments; , cures all . monthly
irregularities; no medicine: no pain; lady at-
| tendant; hours 9-4, 7-8. 2208H : Mission st.
DRS.* DONOVAN, 1306 Folßomst.. takes ladles
at her home in their confinement: terms mod-
erate and everything strictly : confidential.
DR. ' ■ HALL. 9 '■■■ McAllister st. ; ■ diseases •of
- women 1 and: children. - •
LADlES— Mrs.^Dr.Puetz: Infallible, safe rem-
edies; 38 years' experience. 254^ Fourth st
• LEGAL , NOTICES. •
RAILROAD Consolidation-Pursuant ""to "the
statute in : such case made and provided, '■> no-
tice is hereby ; given ' that • the Southern Pa-
cific Railroad Company, the Northern Rail-
. way Company, the Northern California Rail-
way ft Company . and the California Pacific
Railroad ■ Company, - railroad ■ corporations In-
I corporated s and existing under ; the laws of
the State of California, upon the written con-
■'■ - sent of the , stockholders holding more % than
three-fourths in value of all the stock- of each
of said corporations, respectively, and by agree-
ment of, the respective Boards of Directors of
■ ? said corporations, made and entered : Into Ila
; ■ accordance with such consent, and pursuant
to the statute - in ; such ■ case made and pro-
vided, did, on the 14th day of April, A. D.
- 1898 amalgamate and consolidate their capital
stock, debts, property, assets and franchises
;'- under ; the • corporate - name ? and - style iof I the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company. :
- ;. . .-• , ■>■ J. L. WILLCUTT. ,
Secretary of the '■ Southern Pacific ? Railroad
Company. :.- ' v-^/v -^/ -■■''-,'. ".
San Francisco. Cal.. May 6. IS9S. .
■■~ PHYSICIANS.;
DR.* C. C. O'DONNELL, office ; and ] residence,
1206 Market; diseases of women a specialty.
CITY REAL ESTATE. >
ONLY $1050— Nice 5-room cottage in Oakland;
cost owner' $2000 cash; large lot; brick founda-
tion: nice garden, etc.; will accept very small
. cash payment: and balance to suit at very
low interest; positively a great chance for
poor man with little money. H. MURPHY.
623 Market st. :
country REAL ESTATE.
E ASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
Real Estate Agents,
63S Market st.
SWEENY RANCH.
Near Redwood City. San Mateo County; in
tracts of 100. acres or less; rich soil; plenty
water; this property immediately adjoins Red-
wood City and is only 1 hour's ride from San
Francisco; suitable for small home farms; price
below all former quotations and upon unusu-
ally easy terms. . .
A PRETTY COUNTRY HOME.
$3500— A cozy 6-room house, with barn, wind-
mill and 1 acre of land, in a beautiful tract
near Redwood; an abundance of fruit and
flowers. .
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
6SS Market St., San Francisco, or Branch Office,
Redwood City. '•■• - ;
RANCH, 160 acres, 16 miles west of
Ukiah; house and' barn; orchard and vine-
yard; exchange for Oakland or Berkeley
property. Address R.. box 114, Call office.
WRITE for list; good land, $10 and $20 an acre.
M. GRIFFIN, Cottonwood, Shasta Co.. Cal.
A WEEK'S news for . 5 cents— The Weekly
Call, in wrappers, for mailing.
LARKSPUR REAL ; ESTATE.
BEAUTIFUL HOMES IN LARKSPUR.
Villa lots and acreage; easy terms; 4s m'.nute»
from the city; cottage* for rent. AMERICAN
LAND TRUST CO.. VCi Market st. ,:-*";
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. ■/-■._-
FINE resort, furnished, for sale or rent; also
a fine business property: • will exchange for
Stockton home. E. E. BUNCE, 908 Broad-
way, Oakland. • '
$400 CASH— A lovely home; 2-story new mod-
ern house of 6 rooms and bath; high base-
ment: complete and up-to-date, perfect home;
grandest location ever found; Galindo Tract,
East Oakland, on Peralta avenue, 1 block
east from Fruitvale aye. ; Peralta aye. has
city water and sewer, 2 electric car lines and
fine school; price $1800; monthly payments as
rent. 455 Seventh St., cor. Broadway, Oak-
land. Carriage free. Galindo Tract. H. Z.
JONES, Owner.
FOR SALE^In Oakland, Just completed, mod-
ern in design and arrangement, 2-Btory, 7-
room house; 3 minutes from local station: lot
40xl2f>; surroundings the best; a bargain;
terms to suit purchaser. HERON & HOL-
COMB, 1050 Broadway, Oakland.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for mailing.
OAKLAND i*Oi;SES TO LET.
house¥^o~let~in^oakla_nd]
Corner cottage. S rooms $17
Lower sunny flat, 5 rooms 11
Upper modern flat, 6 rooms 14
2-story neat 6-room house 18
Choice sunny 8-room house Xt
10-room residence, fine 60
These and many more, both larger and
Bmaller. WM. M.DEWOLF, 1038 Broadway.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
OalL Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
ELEGANT sunny suite: hot and cold water;
vacant May Ist. THE I/'RNK. !W2 Eighth at
OAKLAND FIRNITI/RE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE and household goods thin week.
SCHEIXHAAS' old store. 408 Eleventh Bt.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
•* FIRST COME, FIRST SERVED.
JUST LIKE PAYING RENT.
$1200, $1700. $ISOO, $2200. $2«00, $3000.
The above are lovely cottages, which have
been thrown on the market for non-payment
of installments, and they are now offered at a.
great sacrifice to close accounts. They contain
4, 5. 6 and 7 rooms, and are finished up to date;
almost new, and located near schools and sta-
tions.
Wo are going to weed them out. and Invite
inspection. MARCUSE & REMMEL,
Bay-st. station, Alameda. and 623 Market St.,
San Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
GIVEN away— s3ooo; lot ssdM; cottage 6 rooms,
bath: SW. cor. Park st. and Blanding aye.:
property on easy installments in all parts of
Alameda. C. 3. LANCASTER, Real Estate
Agent. Notary Public. 134n Park st., /lameda.
$750— Lot 60x270; modern cottage 5 rooms, near
schoolhouse.
$1200— Sacrifice; corner lot 3."x140; good house
of 6 rooms and one of 4 rooms.
lIMO— Lot 50x150; fine cottage of 7 rooms
and bath; near Chestnut station.
tatt— slso cash: $25 per month: lot 40x150;
only 2 blocks from station and Mgh school.
$2750 — New house of 7 rooms and Lath; lot
42x150; choice location: very easy terms.
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
H P. MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park °t.
SNAP— New house and bath: lot .=>Cxl."o: good
location; '> minutes' walk from station. Ap-
ply to ownpr. 1612 Chap'.n st.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
EAST Berkeley — funny corner; street work
done- best street near station; electric cars;
less $20 foot. ". P. STRONG, 460 Ninth St.,
Oakland.
NEW house cf 3 rooms In Berkeley; cheap. In-
quire !*R Fourth, corner Folsom.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekljr
Call. In wrapper, for mailing.
~ PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
Jinr, MONTHLY income. Eastern city property,
clear, exchange for ranch. C, box 4654, Call.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 10.17 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14.
So UP to any amount on Indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or Jewelry: all business
strictly confidential; private offices. M. E.
POUGAN A CO., 230 Kearny st., upstairs.
ANY amount at 6 1 * per cent on real estate: 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate, furniture without removal. R. Mc-
COLGAN, 24 Montgomery St., room 3.
HIGHLY respectable ana private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market st. ; tel. Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos, city- or Oakland: no re-
moval- low rates; no commission; $23 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
REAL estate furniture or planop, any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co., 328 Montgomery.
ANY sum, Ist or 2d mortgages, estates in pro-
bfitp. etc. Room 7, SOS California st.
$50 TO $.">0 000 : lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country: any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY, 628 Market st.
ON pianos, furniture; no removal; lowest
rates; no com.: private. 116 McAllister st.
MONTGOMERY. 527. cor. Cloy— Open until 9:30
o'clock;, branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
FINANCIAL.
LOANS en real estate, bonds, etc. : lowest
mtes. McAFEE BROS.. 108 Montgomery st.
ELEVENTH. 106- Branch office of Tha CalL.
Bubacri ntlons and want cda taken.
PAWNBROKERS.
BE WISE and borrow from the Cut Rate Loan
Office, 22 Mason St., bet Market nnd Eddy.
STORAGE.
AT low rates — Furniture, carpets, pianos,
household goods; clean, light compartments:
advances made. J. NOONAN, 1017 to 1022
Mission st., above Sixth; open evenings.
AT lowest rates— Household goods, pianos: ad-
vances made: fireproof building. F. W.
ZEHFUSS. S4O Mission st. Tel. Mint IS2X.
FOR lowest rates go to LOUIS J. NEUMAN.
121 Sixth St., open evenings.
TRI'NKS. 25c a mo.; other goods at low rates.
Signal Transfer Co., 530 Jones; tel. Sutter 44L
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly
Call. In wrapper for mailing.
"MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following couples have been granted
marriage licenses:
Edw J. Murphy and Georgia Harrison, 23-21.
Irving Sternberg and Jennie Appleton, 21-20.
Samuel Lewis and Ester Cornfield, 48-26.
A Lehlewelcher and Lina B. Rledmuller,4B-28.
Albert Cr>ok and Cecil Gassman. 44-23.
Charles Huoer and Julia Schulz. 29-39.
M. C. Lorlgan and Tessle Wemple, 30-24.
Wm. C. Walsh and Lizzie Greggains, 30-35.
Edward Coffey and Mac Wunderlich, 27-23.
Michael Harris and Sophie Rosenberg, 48-32.
Arthur Gray and Minnie L. Thomas, 27-20.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be
handed in at either of the publication offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence of
persons authorized to have -he same published.
BORN.
BALLARD— In Watsonvllle, May 2, 1893, to the
wife of S. C. Ballard. a son.
BRAUTLACHT— In Yreka, May 4. IS9S, to the
wife of E. C. Brautlacht, a son.
BEARDAN— In Alta, May 7, 1898, to the wife
of L. A. Beardan, a daughter.
BOCCHANA— In Alta. May 7, IS9S, to the wife
of Peter Bocchana, a daughter.
CONROY— In Cool, May 9, 1898, to the wife of
W. F. Conroy, a son.
CARPENTER— In Portervllle. May 12. 1898, to
the wife of Byron L. Carpenter, a son.
CAMPBELL— In Woodville. May 8, IS9S, to the
wife of J. B. Campbell, a daughter.
DIRKING— In San Leandro. May 8. 1898, to the
wife of E. F. Dirking, a daughter.
DUNCAN— Near Capay, May 12, IS9B, to the
wife of Ivy Duncan, a son.
DOLPH— In Whitlockß. May 1, 1898, to the
wife of William Dolph, a daughter.
GALLISON— In Mariposa, May 9, 1898. to the
wife of Daniel S. Gallison, a daughter.
HINKLE— In Monterey. May 10, 1898, to the
wife of Alex Hinkle, a daughter.
HOUNSELL (nee ALLEN)— In this city. May
11. 1898, to the wife of Samuel D. Hounsell,
a son.
JENNINGS— Near Tulare, May 11, 1898, to the
wife of Jeff Jennings, a son.
LOOMIS— In Nlpomo, May 9, 1898, to th» wife
of E. C. Loomis, a son.
LAUPHER— In this city. May 8. IS9B, to the
wife of H. A. Laupher, a daughter.
LESTER— In Santa Cruz, May 13, 1898, to the
wife of H. C. Lester, a eon.
LAWSON— In Tuttleton, April 27, 189S, to the
wife of Jesse Lawson, a son.
McDONALD— In this city, May 12. IS9B, to the
wife of William J. McDonald, a daughter.
McKEEN— In Oso Flaco. Cal., May 8. ISSB, to
the wife of Dave McKeen, a daughter.
McHENRY— Near Garey, Cal., May 10. IS9B, to
the wife of James McHenry, a daughter.
MORGAN— Near Arroyo Grande, May 12. 1898,
to the wife of James D. Morgan, a son.
MURRAY— In Santa Maria, Cal.. May 8. 1898.
to the wife of J. C. Murray, a son.
STEWART— In Garey, Cal.. May 11, 1898, to the
wife of J. Stewart, a daughter.
STONE— In Stent, May 9, 1898, to the wife of
C. C. Stone, a son.
SUTHERLAND— In Nipomo, May 4. 1898. to the
wife of W. J. Sutherland, a daughter.
TAUNT— In lowa Hill, May 2, 1898, to the wife
of J. Taunt, a son.
TURNER— In Tulare, May 10, IS9B, to the wife
of George Turner, a son.
WEST— In Klamathon, May 1, 1898, to the wife
of Dr. J. H. West, a daughter.
WILLSON— Tn Porterville, May 8, 1898, to the
wife of Adolph Willson, a son.
MARRIED.
BOLIN— SEARS— In Sonora, May 8, 1898. by
the Rev. J. S. Smith, John E. Bolin and
Nettle S. Sears.
BENNETT -CAMBERS— In this city. May 14.
IS9S, by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson, D.D.,
Dr. Auß^istus G. Bennett and Doris E. Cam-
bers, both of San Jose.
CANAPA— ONETO— In San Andreas, May 11,
IS9B, by the Rev. Father O'Reilly, Stephen
Canapa and Louisa Oneto.
DODD— KIRK— In Redwood City. April 30.
1898, James Dodd and Mrs. M. R. Kirk.
DIAZ— DOCKERY— In this city, May 5, 1898,
Alfred Diaz and Eva Dockery.
EATON— DAVIS— At Spanish 'Dry Diggings,
May 8. lSftS, L. P. Eaton and Ida Davis.
FIESTER— BRAY— In Fresno, May 14, 1898, by
the Rev. Edward Eccleston, Frank Flester
and Belle Bray.
GRAY— THOMAS— In this city. May 16, 1898.
by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson, D.D.. Arthur
Gray of San Jose and Minni* L. Thomas of
Portland, Or.
lIALSEY— SAVAGE— In Towle. May S, IS9B.
B. B. Halsey and Mrs. Lizzie Savage.
HARRY— NORTON— In San Andreas, May 2,
William E. Harry and Mrs. Elsie L. Norton.
HAZ.L— STEVENSON— In this city. May 15,
isas, by the Rev. F. Bonn, August Hall and
Emma Stevenson, both of San Francisco.
LEMMON— MASON— In Santa Barbara, May 1,
IS9B, G. W. Lemmon and Ida West Mason.
MORRIS— CROOK— Near Plalnfleld. May 10,
18M. by the Rev. J. C. Hay, W. L. Morris
and Laura Viola Crook.
READING— KEIM— In this city. May 16. 1898,
by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson, George H.
Reading and Marie Keim, both of Oakland.
THOMASON— HIDELEY— In Blanchard. Tuol-
umne County, April 13, 1898, by the Rev. M.
C. Israel, William G. Thomason and Hen-
rietta L. Hideley.
SUMMERS— GLEASON— In Prattvllle. Cal.,
April 24, IS9B, by J. Nunnley, J. P., Lee
Summers and Jessie Gleason.
"WARDEN— POWELL— In this city. May 14,
189S, by the Rev. John A. B. "Wilson, t> D ,
James "W. Warden and Georgia C. Powell,
both of San Francisco.
WILLIAMS— SHANNON— In Sonora, by W\ S.
Cooper, J. P.. John H. Williams and May
Shannon.
DIED.
Abele, Alois Kilburn, George
Alexander, Orlando Kline. Rollnda M.
Anderson, Mary Lambert, Nora
Baker, F. E. Leonard, Edwin I*.
Bayless, George "W. McCauley, Mrs. J.
Blais, Charles E. Mackin. Thomas
Bolster, L. M. Mills, David H.
Brown, Rosa O'Connor, Patrick
Castro, Frank Peterson, Mrs. Jessie
Clark. E. D. Pollard, Katie
Costello, Augustine Powers, James F.
Cunningham, Mrs. B. Reardon, Irene M.
Dailey. Elizabeth Ring. John B.
Dockendorf, Johanna Rossi, Angela
Dorgan, John Sawyer, Mrs. K. B.
Falrchild, George "W. Scully, John
Gage, Mrs. Jana Shea, Mrs. Eliza
Gately, Etta Smith, Marie J.
Gendotti, Clementina Solomon, Mina D.
Goldstone, Samuel F. Staatz, Frederick
Griffiths, Thomas Stafford, Henry E.
Gross, Joseph H. Then, Johanna
Haney, O. J. Towle, Kate
Hanlon, Valentine Verdier. Jennie
Hennlng, Charles Westover, Elizabeth
Hockett, John B. "Wllmoth, Mrs. M.
Hurlbut, J. W. "Williamson, Edward
Kearney, Maggie Winchester. Mrs. S.
Kenealey, Mrs. Clara Wythe, Mrs. Jane
Kenney, Libbie M. Young, Mary E.
ABELE— Near Cacheville, May 9, 1898, Alois
Abele, a native of Germany, aged 71 years.
ALEXANDER— In Fruitvale, May 15, IS9S, Or-
lando, beloved husband of Harriett M. Alex-
ander, and lather of Charle9 O. Alexander
and Mrs. Frank E. Brigham, a native of
Scotland, aged 72 years.
(CTFriends are invited to attend the fu-
neral this day (Tuesday), at 11:30 o'clock,
from his 'late residence. 1440 East Sixteenth
street, Fruitvale. Interment private. Please
omit flowers.
ANDERSON— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, May 15, 1898, Mary Anderson, a. native of
California, aged 33 years.
BAKER— In Woodland. May 4. 1898. F. E.
Baker, a native of Michigan, aged 57 '-ears.
BAYLESS— In Emeryville, Alameda County,
May 15. 189S, George W. Bayless, a native of
New York, aged 44 years.
(T^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funerai to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Albert Brown, 468 Thirteenth street, Oak-
land. Interment Mountain View Cemetery-
BLAIS— In Murphys, May 8, 1898, Charles E.
Blais, a native of Canada, aged 35 years.
BOLSTER— In Sacramento, May 11, IS9B. L. M.
Bolster, a native of Maine, aged 53 y ears.
BROWX— In Summit, May 9, 189S, Rosa Brown,
aged 25 years.
CASTRO— In Oakland. May 15, IS9S, Frank
Castro, beloved father of Mrs. Annie Armes,
Mrs. Julia Raulino. Mrs. liar)' Marshall and
Amelia Castro, a native of Azores, aged 73
years.
CLARK— In Dutch Flat. May 4. 1898, E. D.
Clark, a native of Ohio, aged 67 years.
COSTELLO— In this city. May 15, IS9S, Augus-
tine Joseph Costello, a native of Rathkeale,
County Limerick, Ireland, aged 4S years.
ICTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from north-
east corner of Fulton and Steiner streets,
thence to Sacred Heart Church, Fillmore and
Fell streets, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 11 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
CUNNINGHAM— In Campo Seco, May 8. 1898,
Mrs. Barbara Cunningham, a native of Al-
sace, aged 79 years.
DAILEY— In this city, May 16, 1?98. Elizabeth,
•wife of the late John T. Dalley, beloved
daughter of Addison and Ellen Philpott,
mother of Joseph and Mary Dalley, and sis-
ter of Henry. Daniel and Martin Philpott, a
native of California, aged 34 years.
(C7Frlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at S:3O o'clock, from the resi-
dence of the parents. 1904 McAllister street,
thence to Holy Cross Church, Eddy street,
near Scott, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
DOCKENDORF— In this city. May 16. 1898, Jo-
hanna Dockendorf. beloved sister of Mrs. Wil-
liam Maack, a native of Germany, aged 56
years.
IC7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1334 Turk street, between Webster and
Fillmore. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
DORGAN— In Washington, May 10, 1898, John
Dorgan, a native of Ireland, aged f>s years.
FAIRCHILD— In this city. May 16, 1898, George
W., husband of the late Mary A. Fairchild,
father of John R. Falrehild and Mrs. A. L.
Rodgers, and grandfather of Mrs. F. K.
Tobin and Belle N. Rodgers, a native of
Pennsylvania, aged 74 years 3 months and 7
days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from I. O. O. F.
Hall, under the auspices of California Lodge
No. 1. I. O. O. F. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
GAGE— In Rockiln, May 8. 189?, Mr». Jane
Gage, a native of Pennsylvania, aged 96
years.
GATLEY— In this city. May IF, 1898. Etta, be-
loved daughter of James and Mary Gatley,
a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year I
months and 7 days.
GENDOTTI— In this city. May 15. 1898, Clem-
entina, beloved daughter of Clement and
Santina Gendotti. sister of Theresa and
Louis Gendotti, and niece of Louis Gendottt,
a native of Canton Ticino. Switzerland, aged
21 years 6 months and 2 days. (San Andreas,
Cal.. papers please copy).
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents, 449 Ivy avenue, corner
of Octavia street, and thence to Sacred Heart
Church, corner of Fell and Fillmore streets,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
GOLDPTONE— In this city. May 16, IS9S. Sam-
uel F beloved son of Samuel and Sarah
Goldstone, and brother of Percy, Louis and
Edwin M. Goldstone, a native of Eureka,
New, aged 20 years 6 months and 5 days.
(Kansas City and New York papers please
copy.)
GRIFFITHS— In this city. May 16, 1893,
Thomas, beloved husband of Euphemia Grif-
fiths, a native of Herefordshire, England,
aged 52 years.
GROSS— In this city. May 14.1598. Joseph H., be-
loved husba-nd of Ida Gross, and father or
Mrs. Olga Lenz and Ida Gross, a native of
Milwaukee, Wls., aged 53 years and 4
months.
(^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from Turn Vereln
Hall. 323 Turk street. Interment Cypres*
Lawn Cemetery.
HANEY— In Salinas City, May 5, 1898, O. J.
Haney, ag«d 81 years H months and 24 days.
HANLON— In this city. May 16, 1898, Valentine,
beloved husband of Annie Hanlon.
E?"The funeral will take place to-morrow
("Wednesday 1 ), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1112 Powell street, thence to St.
Mary's Church, corner of California and
Dupont streets, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of hi*
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
private. Please omit flowers.
HENNING-In Forest Hill. May 11. 1898.
Charles Henning, a native of Forest Hill,
aged 34 years.
HOCKETT— In Portervllle. May tl. IS9B, John
Benjamin Hockett, aged 70 years 7 months
and 7 days.
HURLBUT— In Colfax, Placer County, May 8,
1898, J. W. Hurlbut. a native of Wisconsin,
aged 55 years 1 month and 22 days.
KEARNEY— In this city. May 15. 1898, Maggie,
beloved wife of Michael Kearney, mother of
Thomas Francis Kearney. ;.nd daughter of
Margaret and the late Frank Slavln. a na-
tive of Placerville, Cal., aged 29 years.
KENEALEY— In this city. May 15. 1898. Mrs.
Clara, wife of Thomas Kenealey, and mother
of May Kenealey, a native of England, aged
42 years.
KENNEY— Tn Dunsmuir, May 7, 1898, Libble
May Kenney, aged 32 years 10 months and 29
days.
KILBURN— In Shandon, May 8, IS9B, George
Kllburn, aged 72 years.
KLINE— In Dresden, May 15. 189 S. Rolinda M.,
beloved daughter of Janet and the late A. M.
Kline, and sister of Mrs. Harold Bolce and
Elda V. Kline.
LAMBERT— In this city, May 16, 1898, Nora,
beloved wife of Pierre Lambert, a native of
Waterford. Ireland, aged 46 years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
May 19 1898. at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. S. Godeau. 305 Montgomery avenue,
thence to the French Church of Notre Dame
dcs Victoires, Bush street, wher« a high re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery-
LEONARD— In the City and County Hospital.
May 16. IS9S, Edwin Lewis Leonard, a na-
tive of Massachusetts, aged 47 years.
McCAULET— In Angels Camp, May 8, 1898,
Mrs. James McCauley, a native of Nevada,
aged 24 years and 7 months.
MACKIN— In this city, May 14, 1898, Thomas
Maekln, a native of Ireland, aged 83 year*.
MILLS— In Colfax. May 11, 1898, David H.
Mills, a native of Illinois, aged 46 years.
O'CONNOR— In this city, May 14, ."98, Pat-
rick beloved husband of Winnifred O'Connor,
and brother of Daniel O'Connor, Mrs. Daniel
Connolly. Mrs. P. J. Kelly and the late John
O'Connor, a native of Valencia. County
Kerry. Ireland, aged 55 years and 2 months.
(C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the luneral this day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 913 A Post street, thence to St. Mary' a
Cathedral, Van Ness avenue, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery-
PETERSON— In Columbia. May 9. 1898. Mrs.
Jessie Peterson, a native of Tuolumne, aged
33 years.
POLLARD— In this city, May 16, 1898. Katie
Pollard, a native of Mullinahone, County Tip-
perary, Ireland, aged 25 years.
ETNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767
Mission street.
POWERS— In this city. May 14. 189S, James F.,
dearly beloved son of Ellen and the late Rich-
ard N Powers, and brother of Sailie. John,
Mat May and Willie Powers, a native ot
Virginia City, New. aged 18 years. (\ir-
ginla City, New. papers -.lease ropy).
B^Friend? and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:45 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his mother, 3628 Seventeenth street,
thence to Mission Dolores Church for serv-
ices Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
REARDON— In this city. May 13, 1898, Irene
Maria twin daughter of Neil and Annie
Reardon, a native of San Francisco, agel
10 months and 14 days.
Vr Interment private. Holy Cross Ceme-
RIXG-In this city. May 14 1898, -ohn B,
beloved son of Mary and the late John B.
Ring, brother of Eddy, May. Annie Lottie
and Willie Ring, and grandson of John and
Margarel Golden, a native of New York, aged
29 years and 10 months.
try Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tue«dav), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 54 Prosper street, between Sixteenth
and Seventeenth, Sanchez and Noe. thence
to Mission Dolores Church for rervlces. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
ROSSI— In this city, Angela, beloved wife of
Giovanni Batista Rossi, and mother of
Frank and Gregory Valerro and Dominic and
Antony Rossi, a native of Italy, aged 67
years 6 months and 7 days. (Stockton and
San Jose papers please copy.)
fr^The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from i 1427 Kearny
stre»t. thence to St. Peter and St. Paul s
Church, corner Filbert and £*«*"*■*«•*■•
where there will be a solemn high mass. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SVWYKR— In this city. May 16. 1898. Mrs K.
B Sawyer, a native of California, aged 38
SCULLY— In Mendoclno County, John, beloved
son of the late John and Winifred Scully, &
native of San Francisco.
SHEA— In East Oakland. May 6, 189*. Mrs.
Fliza Shea, a native of Ireland, aged .3 years.
SMITH-In this city. May 15 1898, Maria Jo-
sefa Smith (nee Cantadora \loget). beloved
wife of W C. R. Smith, and mother of Mrs.
James M Dow, Mrs. J. Heydenrieh. Mrs.
CoUlta Tucker. Mrs. J. M. Coad. Lizzie A
and the late Minnie, Charles I. and
Walter C R. Smith, a native oi San Jose.
(San Jose papers please copy).
irrThe funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 1108 Powell street. Interment Cypress
Lawn' Cemetery by 3:30 o'clock train.
SOLOMON-In this city, May 15, IS9B. ITlna
D Solomon, beloved mother of Mrs. Haron
Crocker, Mrs. T. L. Lowman of Los Angeles
and Victor and Edith Solomon, a native of
Germany, aged 59 years.
(TTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late
residence, 2013 Bush street. Interment Hills
of Eternity Cemetery, by ":30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets.
STAATZ-Near Jackson, May 6. 1898, Freder-
ick Staatz, a native of Germany, aged 73
STAFFORD— In Salinas City. May 13, 1898.
Henry Edwin Stafford, aged 44 years 8
months and 18 days.
THEN'-An anniversary requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the happy repose oftho
eoul of the late Johanna Then at St. Fran-
cis Church, corner of Vallejo street and
Montgomery avenue, to-morrow (Wednesday*,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Relatives, friends
and members of the Third Order are re-
quested to attend.
TOWLE— In Towle, Placer County. May 7. 1898.
Kate Towle, aged 27 years S months and 25
VERDIER— At Gwin Mine. April 29, IB9S, Jen-
nie Verdter, a native of France, aged 29 years
1 month and 12 days.
WESTOVER— In this city. May 18. 1898, Eliza-
beth A beloved wife of J. Wallace West-
over and mother of Clyde C. Westover, a na-
tive of Kentucky, aged 48 years.
(C7Funeral from 1167 Stanyan street. In-
terment private,
WILLIAMSON— In thp City and County Hospi-
tal May 16, 1808, Edward Williamson, a na-
tive of New York, aged 54 years.
WILMOTH— Near Blanco. May 6. 1898. Mrs.
Maggie M. Wilmoth. a native of California,
aged 24 years and 2 months.
WINCHESTER— In Spring Valley. May 3. IS9B,
Miss Sarah Winchester, a native of New
York.
WYTHE— In Oakland, May 14. 1898, Mrs. Jane,
wife of Rev. J. H. Wythe, M.D.. and mother
of the late William T. T. Wythe, M.D., and
Mrs Sarah J. Williams and Mrs. E. E.
Dodge, Rev. Joseph H. Wythe Jr. and Mar-
garet Wvthe.
CTFrlends are invited to the services this
day (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, at her late
residence, 825 Fourteenth street. Interment
private.
YOUNG — In Paso Robles, May 8, 1898, Mary
E. Young.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER. 5
FUNERAL, DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS I
tO JIFTH ST., Ojp. Lincoln 3«aa*l. [
Telephone. South 80. I
JAS. ENGLISH. T. R. CARSTVr.
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALiIESI
FUNERAL DIRECTORS.
41 Van Ness aye., near Market »t-. Sam
Frtnctoco. Telephone So. IM.
1112
DEATH OF POLICE JUDGE CAMPBELL.
THE El
CAME VERT
SUDDENLY
Stricken by Apoplexy
While Attending
a Meeting.
.
Died Within Ten Minutes
of the Time He Was
Taken 111.
Was an Unique Figure in the
Public Life of San Fran
« cisco.
UNLUCKY IS NUMBER 13.
■
Tragic Circumstances Surrounding
the Last Moments of the
Magistrate.
Police Judg-e James A. Campbell died
suddenly shortly after 8 o'clock last
evening: from a stroke of apoplexy that
prostrated him while he was attending
a meeting of the Society of Old Friends
at 110 Ellis street.
His death was wholly unexpected, as
he was in the best of health and spirits
up to within ten minutes of the moment
when he breathed his last. He had been
engaged during the day in the trial of
an important criminal case and had
dropped in to attend the meeting of.
the society, of which he was a member,
prior to joining his nephew at the the
ater. The attack of the disease was as
sudden as it was unexpected, and al
though medical aid was at hand noth
ing could be done to avert the fatal
termination of the malady. ,
By the death of Judge Campbell the
city loses a citizen who occupied a
unique place in public life. It is said,
perhaps truly, thathecould boast of hav
ing more personal friends than any other
man in the State. His popularity wiUi
the masses was nothing short of mar
velous, a fact that was repeatedly
demonstrated by his success at the
polls in the face of the most deter
mined opposition from those sources
that are supposed to be the power in
political aiTairs. He was possessed of
a rare judgment of human nature, par
ticularly that of people in the lower
walks of life, and he brought this gift
to his aid in his administration of his
duties as a Police Court Judge. His
clear insight into the hearts and
thoug-hts of others and his fine sense of
justice made him beloved even by
those who Celt the weight of his judi
cial arm.
The circumstances of his death were
strange, almost tragic. A joint meet
ing of the board of directors and the
picnic committee of the Society of Old
Friends was called to meet at the Sau
salito House. 110 Ellis street, last even
ing, and Judge Campbell, as president
of the society, attended the meeting.
When he arrived ut the house shortly
after 8 o'clock there were a number of
the members of the committee
not present and those who had
arrived were playing a game
of cards while awaiting their arrival.
J. E. Slinkey. the proprietor of the
place in which the meeting was held,
and also the secretary of the society of
Old Friends, was playing in the game,
and when the Judge came he asked him
to take his place. Judge Campbell sat
down to the game, and when he picked
up his cards asked how many points he
had to go. One of the players told him
that he needed thirteen. The Judge, in
his jolly way, remarked: "Thirteen?
Well, that is an unlucky number."
The game went on and Judge Camp
bell was the first to play out his hand.
He rose from the table and complained
of pains in his left shoulder, arm and
hand, and left the room. One of the
party followed him into the hallway,
and finding that the Judge was ill
called Dr. V. Condory, who felt his
pulse and found that the heart action
was very weak, and as the Judge
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
MLTiRHEUM
FOR YEARS '
Lag From Knee to Ankle Swollen
All the Time. Pain Intense.
Doctors in Three Cities No Avail.
Completely Cured byCuticura.
I have been troubled for years with Salt
Rheum . My right leg from knee to ankle was
raw and swollen all the time, and the pain
was most intense. I trUA doctors in Hartford,
Waterbury, and New Haven, but to no avail.
1 read an advertisement about Cuticuha Rem-
edies and bought two bottles of Cdticpra.
Resolvent, some Cuticuka (ointment), and a
box of CunccßA Soap, and now it is all gone
and I am completely cured. I recommend
Cctiitha to all afflicted with skin diseases.
Jan. 20, 1898. GARRETT T. BAYERS,
Hartford Electric Light Co., Hartford, Conn.
Baby Cured of Eczema
Our little boy was only three months old
when he was taken with Eczema that broke
out in the most horrible state. His face wu
full of scabs, and some parts of the flesh were
raw. We used CunctraA Soap, and one
box of the Ccticura (ointment), and in one
week this boy was as good as ever, and we can
say the ohild has been O. K. ever since. We
are willing to recommend that the Cuttottka.
Soap and Ctjticoba did it. You can publish
this statement for it is nothing but the truth.
Mr. and Mrs. J. C FREESE,
Feb. 10, 1893. 3CO So. First St., Brooklyn.
Speedt Ccbb Tbgatmixt fob Evzrt Knn> or Ho-
iton with Loss or Haib.— Warm baths with CtmccftA
BoAr, gentle anolntingi with Cuttctk a (ointment), pur-
er of emollient nkin cures, and mild dote* of Cdticoba
Bssoltbjtt, gretteit of blood pnnfltri and humor onrn.
Tali treatment will aBbrd Initant relief, permit rett and
aloep, and point to « »p*«-ly, permanent, and eoonomieal
•ure of the most torturing, disfiguring, and humiliating
of itcMnf , burning, bleeding, icily, pimply, and oruitej
akin and tcalp humore, with lott of hair, when all eia* fall*.
Sold throughout the world. Potteb Dhu© * jr» Own.
r-QJU-.,Propc.,Bottua.r -QJU-.,Propc.,Bottua. ' 'How to Core Bait Bb*uca,"ftMb
POLICE JUDGE JAMES A. CAMPBELL.
seemed to be growing worse rapidly,
had him tuken to a private room. The
Judge seemed to realize that he was in
a serious condition, for while he was
being put to bed he said to the crowd
of alarmed friends who surrounded
him: "I believe I am going to die."
Medicine was sent for and while
awaiting its arrival the sick man was
rubbed by the men in the room in or
der to keep up the circulation. Drs.
Noble and Wflcox were called in, but
in spite of their efforts the Judge died
at 8:40 o'clock, ten minutes after he
first complained of being ill.
The doctors in attendance agreed
that the cause of death was apoplexy.
They will -robably sign a death cer
tificate which will be countersigned by
the Coroner, so an inquest will not be
held. Deputy Coroner J. G. Tyrcll was
notified of the death, and took posses
sion of the effects of the deceased, but
instead of taking the body to tire
Morgue allowed the friends to have it
taken to Porter & White's undertaking
parlors.
Archie Campbell, the nephew of the
Judp-e, was at the Alcazar Theater,
where the Judg-p was to meet him af
ter he had finished with the Old
Friends' meeting. He was notified of
his uncle's death, and arrived on the
WHERE THE JUDGE BECAME ILL,
Cross Marks Where the Judge Sat for His Last Game of Cards,
Bcene after the Judge had passed
away. The shock of hearing the unex
pected news completely unnerved him,
and when he reached the room in which
the body lay he was quite over
come, and seemed dazed and hardly
able to comprehend what had hap
pened.
The meeting which ended bo disas
trously was called to make arrange
ments for the annual picnic of the So
ciety of Old Friends which was to
commemorate the thirty-fourth anni
versary of the founding of the organi
zation. The rucnic was to have been
held at "Wild Wood Glen, Sausalito, on
Decoration day May 30. Judge Camp
bell was one of the prime movers in the
affair, and while no official action was
taken by the committee there was some
talk last evening of postponing the
celebration.
Among those who were present in the
room when the Judge was taken ill and
who stayed with him till his death
were: Ed Head, Captain J. W. Howeli,
M. D. Garrett, James O'Conner, F. W.
Croudace, J. lv. Slinkey, B. B. Roberts,
Reel B. Terry, F. W. Read, D. Chris
topher and Dr. Knowlton.
The Judge was engaged all yesterday
afternoon in trying the case of assault
to murder against the Chinaman, Lee
Poy, and seemed in the best of health
up to the time the attack came on him
last evening. No one ever heard him
complain of any weakness of the heart
or that he was ever taken with a stroke
of apoplexy so his sudden death was
quite unexpected by all who knew him.
He was but 48 years old, strong and
robust and thought nothing of long
rides on his wheel, of which he was
very fond.
Judge Campbell was born In Penn
sylvania in 1850. His father was a
school teacher in various parts of the j
country for many years axid finally
drifted to Oregon, where the Judge j
completed his education. He studied !
Jaw with an eminent lawyer there j
and was admitted to the bar and prac
ticed his profession in Astoria for a
number of years. He came to San 1
Francisco about nine years ago and !
practiced law, principally in the police [
courts, until his election to the office j
of Judge. He was a prominent member
of the Masonic order, the Odd Fellows j
and the Society of Old Friends. In his !
position as Police Judge he saw a great j
deal of the shady side of life, and in
his studies of the inhabitants of the
city saw that the Salvation Army was
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 17, IS9B.
doing good work among them. He
became an honorary member of the
organization and lent them considera
ble support. One trait of the Judge's
character, which but few knew, was
his kindness to his father and mother.
The father died recently, but his
mother is still living in Oregon. The
first thing he did when he drew his
salary warrant each month was to
send his parents a liberal sized check
to aid in their support.
In 1891 the dead jurist was appointed
Justice of thp Peace to fill the vacancy
caused by the death of Justice Wolf.
He served for about a year, and was
afterward elected Police Judge. Alto
gether he has served three terms as
Police Magistrate, and was seriously
thinking of seeking the nomination for
District Attorney at the next election.
The announcement that Judge Camp
bell had died suddenly cast a gloom
about the City Hall, where he had a
number of friends. Judge Joachimsen
was considerably gTieved when he
heard of his associate's death, and
spoke feelingly of his sudden demise.
Judge Campbell leaves a widow and
a 17-year-old daughter, who live in
Berkeley.
Arrangements for the funeral have
not been made as yet, but it is prob-
able that some of the numerous organ
izations of which the Judge was a
member will have charge of the inter
ment. The Society of Old Friends will
attend the services in a body.
BUNKER HILL ASSOCIATION
Will Celebrate the One Hundred and
Twenty-third Anniversary of
the Battle of Los Oatos.
The joint committee of arrangements
of the Bunker Hill Association and the
Native Sons of Vermont met last night
at the Occidental to perfect plans for the
celebration of Bunker Hill day, June 17,
in a manner surpassing all previous ef
forts in that regard. Great enthusiasm
was manifested and the various sub-com
mittees reported progress. This year will
be the 123 d anniversary of the battle, and
it is proposed to hold the celebration at
Los Gatos at a newly decorated park
called "Bunker Hill Park." It promises
to be an elaborate affair, for the citizens
of Los Gatos, headed by the Board of
Trade, will combine with the two asso
ciations here in making it a grand
success.
A patriotic communication was re
ceived from the Society of California
Pioneers, in which it was stated that they
would certainly co-operate in fittingly
observing the day.
A communication was also received
from Superintendent of Schools Webster
that he would have flags dlsplaved from
all school buildings on Bunker Hill day
and that he would convey to the Board
of Education the invitation to participate
in the exercises.
Invitations were extended to the offi
cers and members of tne Academy of
Sciences, Mayor Phelan. Board of Super
visors and various other officials to at
tend.
For the Rose Carnival at Santa Rosa,
May 20, the San Francisco and North
Pacific Railway will make $1 for the round
trip. I^eave Tiburon ferry at 7:30 and 9
a. m. •
Phillips' Slayer on Trial.
A jury was impaneled in Judge Bor
den's court yesterday to try Charles E.
Weathers, who shot and killed Nathan
Phillips, a bartender, in the Empire
Theater early on the morning of January
27 last. Weathers claimed that he had
been robbed, and, drawing a revolver
threatened to shoot unless his money
was returned to him. In a row that fol
lowed he fired several shots, and one of
the bullets struck Phillips, killing him
instantly.
Try our $1 eyeglasses. 710 Market & 11 Geary.
FUSION NOW
HANGING IN
THE BALANCE
Three Silver Parties
Endeavoring to Join
Forces.
Democratic, Silver Re
publican and People's
Parties Confer.
Owing to the Selection of a
Date No Agreement Could
Be Reached.
LEFT TO THE DEMOCRATS.
That Party Will Have to Decide the
Issue and in the Near Fu
ture.
Whether or not the Democratic, Peo
ple's party and Silver Republicans will
fuse, will combine their forces in the
cause of silver in an endeavor to walk
over the Republican party next elec
tion, now rests with the first named or
ganization. A meeting of sub-commit
tees of the State Central Committees
of the three parties was held in the
maple room of the Palace Hotel yester
day afternoon for the purpose of con
summating a fusion if possible, but as
the People's party committee men came
with their hands practically tied the
meeting was forced to adjourn, the fate
of the fusion idea still hanging in the
balance.
The stumbling block in the road of
the fusion committee was the fact that
the executive committee of the State
Central Committee of the People's
party met in this city on May 4 last
and decided upon a day and place for
the holding of its convention and the
sub-committee was not gifted with the
power to change that committee's de
cision. This condition existing in or
der to reap the advantages and benefits
of fusion the two other parties must
almost necessarily hold their conven
tions in the same place and on the same
date. Although the place decided upon
by the People's party for its conven
tion, Sacramento, is not objected to by
the other parties the committee repre
senting the Democratic party did not
favor the idea of as early a date as
that decided upon by the People's party
committee, July 12, and in various ways
it manifested its displeasure. In the
minds of the Democrats it would be
wise to select a later date and on this
point fusion hangs. An effort will be
made to influence the People's party
State Central Committee to change the
selected date. If this is accomplished
the difference of opinion at present ex
isting will be adjusted and the three
parties will doubtless be brought to
gether. The Silver Republican wing is
willing to be governed by the decision
of the two oth^r parties and this makes
the road to fusion an easy one. If the
People's party cannot or will not
change the date set for its convention
then the Democrats may bow to its will
and go into convention on the same
date and in the capital city.
That the parties are willing and
anxious to fuse is manifest in the fol
lowing resolution passed at the meet
ing yesterday, and if the one obstruc
tion regarding the date can be satis
factorily removed from their pathway
the three parties will doubtless sit down
to build up a ticket together:
It is the unanimous sense of this
conference that it is desirable that !
there should be a union of the Demo
cratic, People's and Silver Republi
can party in the coming campaign ;
upon a reasonable and equable basis,
with reference to platform and State, I
Congressional, Legislative and local !
tickets; that this union is hereby
recommended; that the plan and de
tails of the union be left to the fur
ther conferences and agreements of
the representatives of the several
parties; that it is further recom
mended that the conventions of the
several parties be held at the same
time and place; that this conference
be adjourned subject to the call of
the chair in order that the further
opinion pf the different authortative
bodies of the several parties may be
obtained by the representative sub
committees.
As soon as the fusion of the party Is
consummated, then the labor of divid
ing the loaves and fishes must be taken
up. Doubtless the Democratic wing,
owing to its strength, will demand a
much larger space on the ticket than
it will be willing to allot to the other
parties, and here again may be a hitch.
Many meetings of the sub-committees
will be held, however, prior to conven
tion time and an understanding
reached that will admit of smooth
sailing when a ticket comes to be
builded.
If fusion comes to pass then a plat
form must be drawn up, and by a de
cision of the executive committee of
the State central committee of the !
People's party it will be almost identi- j
cal, if not precisely the same, as that |
adopted by the reform forces of Ore- j
gon. It is as follows:
United In a common cause for the sacred
purpose of preserving the principles of govern
ment by the whole people, In fact as well as
In name, restoring and maintaining equality
under the government of all classes, we, the
People"s, Democratic and Silver Republican
parties of the State of California, waiving all
minor points of difference and uniting for the
purpose of carrying out the great underlying
principles upon which we are all agreed, do ,
make and present to the people of this State I
the following declaration of principles and to !
the carrying out of which we solemnly pledge i
each and every candidate upon our united '
ticket.
We demand the free and unrestricted coin
age of ellver and gold at the present legal
ratio of 16 to 1; without waiting for the con
sent of foreign nations: and we are unal
terably opposed to the policy of the present
Republican administration 'n demanding the
retirement of greenbacks, and the turning over
of the money-making power of the Government '
to the national banks, ns presented by the bill
drawn by the Republican Secretary of the
Treasury and Indorsed by President McKlnley: !
and we especially denounce the avowed at
tempt by said bill to fasten the country Irre
vocably and forever to the single gold standard.
We demand a national money, safe and
sound, issued by the general Government only,
without the Intervention of banks of issue, to
be a full legal tender for all debts, public and
private; also, a Just, equitable and efficient
means of distribution direct to the people
through the lawful disbursements of the gov
ernment.
We demand that the volume of circulating
medium be speedily increased to an amount
sufficient to meet the demands of the business
and population of this country, and to restore
the Just level of prices of labor and produc
tion.
We favor uueh legislation as will prevent f->r
the future the demonetization of any kind
of Jegal tender money by private contract.
We demand that the Government, In payment i
of its obligations, shall use its option as to tie.
kind of money In which they are to be paid,
anil we denounce the present and preceding
administrations lor nirrenfteriDß this upuon
to the holders of Government obligations.
We demand that there shall be no further
Issue of United States Interest-bearing bonds.
We demand that postal savings banks be es
tablished by the Ctovtrnmont lur tiw sate de
posit of the savings of the people and to facili
tate exchange.
We demand the election of United States
Senators by direct vote of the people.
We demand the Initiative and referendum
system of lawmaking in its optional form,
local. State and national, and the submission
by Congress of all Important national ques
tions for an advisory vote of the people, until
such time as the national constitution shall
have been amended so as to provide for direct
legislation.
We condemn ac dangerous and unjust the
surrender In all departments of the Govern
ment to the Influence of trusts, corporations
and aggregations of wealth generally; and the j
packing of the highest courts of the land with i
corporation lawyers, too ready to do the will
of their late employers, and to set aside whole
some laws passed by the legislative depart
ments of the States and Government, upon
flimsy pretexts, at the behests of such Insti
tutions.
We are opposed to Government by injunc-
At a meeting of the committees yes
terday J. W. Mitchell was appointed
chairman and A. B. Kinne secretary
The Silver Republican party was rep
resented by H. A. McCraney of Sacra
mento, Nathan Cole Jr. of Los Angeles
Fred J. Cooper of Los Angeles, George
W Baker of this city, H. A. Ingalls of
Oakland and Major W. A. Coulter.
The Democratic party, by Max Popper
of this city, J. w Mitchell of Los An
geles, A. Caminetti of Jackson and
J. A. Hicks of San Jose. The People's
party by E. M. Wardell of Monrovia,
A B. Kinne of this city, J. A. Keegan
of Santa Rosa and John S. Dore of
Fresno. The committee of sub-com
mittees labored for several hours in
the cause of fusion, but the decision of
the Democratic State central commit
tee regarding the date must be known
before its fate, which now hangs in
the balance, will be knu'vn
THE DEMOCRATS.
Bosses Rainey and Phelan Both
to Ba Ignored.
The good Democrats of Sisklyou and
San Diego and of all intermediate
points in the interior of the State are ;
to take a hand in the affairs of the i
local Democracy. Such, in effect, is
the decision of the subcommittee of the
Democratic State Central Committee
which has for three days past been j
struggling with the problem of how to j
harmonize the local Democracy.
The committee met again yesterday |
afternoon at the California Hotel and i
agreed upon a report that is to be for- j
muiated when the State Central Com
mittee meets on May 28. Each mem
ber of the committee was sworn to se
crecy as to the nature of this report,
and Chairman Alford, who Is still a
novice at the political game, was ap
pointed grand chief suppressor of facts.
The proceedings of an executive ses
sion are still held to be sacred in the
coyote district from which Alford hails,
so he denied himself the pleasure of
discussing the acts of the committee of
which he is an honored member. Other
members were not so particular.
The committee finally decided yester
day that it would not recognize the
claims of either the Rainey or Phelan
factions of the local Democracy. It also
agreed upon the appointment of a re
organization committee to be, com
posed of not more than fifty and not
less than twenty-five members of the
local Democracy, to be selected from
the city at large, this committee to be
Intrusted with the task of selecting a
new general committee which is to be
the recognized representative body of
the Democratic party of San Francisco.
Up to this point the deliberations of
the committee were as harmonious as
could be expected, but when it came
to the naming of the reorganization
committee the fun began. The Phelan
reformers, represented by Gavin Mc-
Nab, displayed an inclination to take
everything in sight. As a result the
other side indulged in some loud talk,
biting personalities and dire threats,
and for a time it looked as though the
police would have to be called in to
suppress the riot.
It being manifestly Impossible to ar
rive at any agreement as to the per
sonnel of the reorganization commit
tee the fighters finally decided to de
fer Its appointment until the meeting
to be held on March 28. It is not at
all certain that the reorganization com
mittee will be named at that time, for
there seems to be no prospect of har
monizing the different factions repre
sented in the subcommittee. Even
should a majority agree upon a course
of action the whole matter will still be
In the air. It rests with the State Cen
tral Committee to ratify or reject the
action of the subcommittee, and it goes
without saying that the men who hay«
control of the State body will finally
decide the opposing claims of the Phe
lan and Rainey factions.
Should the faction which is deposed
refuse to accept the decision of the
State Central Committee the effect will
=tt ill be the same. Th* delegates of the
rebels will not rpceive recognition on
the floor of the State convention, their
fate being Identical with that of the
Buckley delegates at the 1896 conven-
The following resolution was adopted:
It Is mnvefl that It be the sense of this
committee that there should he a union of
the Democratic. Peoples Party and Silver Re
publican Party. If the same can be accom
plished on a fair and equitable basis. In the
romin* campaign. It Is the further se.nse of
this committee that the convention should not
be held as early ns the !2th day of July.
Chairman Alford will leave for his
home in Tulare to-day, taking with him
the secrets of the committee over which
he has presided during .the past three
days. _____________
TROLLEYS ON SIXTH STBEET.
Merchants' Association Asks for Bet
ter Service South ol Market.
The Merchants' Association has sent a
letter to General Manager Vlning of the
Market street railway system advising
the operation of an electric car line the
length of Sixth street and transferring to
some of the main lines running to Gold
en Gate Park and the ferries. The letter
states that the association has started
the work of repaying Sixth street and
now has the signatures of most of the
property owners for the improvement
from Market to Mission and expects to
have all the property owners along the
thoroughfare to the foot of the street be
fore long. The suggestion Is made that
now is the time to change the old one
horse car line into an electric car system.
If this is done it will save repaying out
side of the rails twice.
In a letter from Vining to the associa
tion, sent some time ago, the writer stated
that If desirable connections could be
made north of Market street, the com
pany would be willing to make the change.
The association suggests a route along
Sixth and Taylor streets to Post, trans
ferring to all of the lines east and west.
If the suggestion made, says the letter,
does not meet with the approval of the
company, another route could be taken
along Sixth street to Brannan, then down
to Fifth and back to Market, which would
give improved service on Fifth and Sixth
streets.
The Ponies Please.
There is no decrease in the popularity
of Norris' pony and dog show that is now
appearing in Central Park. The tent was
crowded last night with grown people
and children, and the former seemed to
derive as much enjoyment out of the
wonderful antics of the nearly human
animals. There will be regular afternoon
and evening performances throughout the
week.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
, The fc»- . . _>^ •
■. y/*fy, _ ■"" tees
_____ ADVERTISEMENTS.
l+B+H+B+H+B+H+H+B+B+a+B+B+B+H+H+H+B+a+a+ia+BH
: ANOTHER BIG BARGAIN DAY
AT OUR GIGANTIC
CONSOLIDATION SALE I
/■/.;. •*..'!*■■■" '-■■•■ ■- ' m -- ■■';.*.: >:-.*>■■• :.-. •,-.■..=■ •'■■■...- - "■.;/•'■■■■■» *■■ ■■ :■:--■■ ■■:.-•■-■- ■•:■'■'
Don't Miss
To=Day's Tremendous
Reductions !
Throughout the Stock of Our Los
Angeles Store. !
EVERYTHING SACRIFICED :
REGARDLESS OF COST. S;
A First Choice the Best Choice ! !
CALL EARLY. 1
I ■
{/{/ Murphy Building', Jr '?{/ Murphy Building-, J.
Martet and Jones Streets. I Market and Jones Streets. !
tFINE TAILORING
PERFECT FIT, BEST OF
. WORKMANSHIP, at
25 per cent Less than Other
Tailors Charge, Go to
JOE POHE33S
All Wool Suits to &t •) l 0 (tor i
Order from 4>!J. 4) 00
Pants from . . . $4 to $I 0
201 and 203 Montgomery St.,
84« and 846 Market St.,
1110 and 1 11 2 Market St. San Francisco-
££¥ss DR. HALL'S REIN VIGOR \
KJHr^MJj , Five hundred reward for any case
SDH BBS we cannot cure. This secret remedy !
ft _ M stops all losses in 24 hours, cure* j
&EO HSH Emissions, Impotency, Varlcocele, j
M »Wfl Gonorrhoea. Gleet. Fits. Strictures.
InwJ * Xf Lost Manhood and all wasting ef- '
i'M. »3 forts of self-abuse or excesses. Sent j
■RHfe-HSf sealed. $2 bottle: 3 bottles. guar- j
anteed to cure. Address HALL' MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. 865 Broadway, Oakland, Cal. Also
lor sale at 1073>,i Market St.. S. F. AH pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
WONG WOO,
p^® CHINESE TEA AND HERB
t SANITARIUM,
CHINESE TEA AND HERB !
SANITARIUM,
\ Tj£ !w 7e *" 66 CLAY ST., B*n8 * n Frtnciioo.Cal. ;
—^JjnsaSffiSWT All diseases cured excluslve-
V&/i\ T^/'.'Mii? ly by Chinese herbs, over 3000
rAT/Sftyp-Wt* varieties being used. ADVICE
FREE. Hours, a:3O to 11 a. in.. 1 to 3 and 7to
9 p. m.*..;v ,:i-~?--^. ':
A well -known lawyer of high standing and reputation,
practicing in New York City, states in a very emphatic way j
" There is no doubt whatever thr y
RIPANS TABULES
are a good thing. Any one troubled, as I was for years, with
dyspepsia and sour stomach, will find almost instant relief in
nine cases out of ten. I have recommended the Tabule9
dozens of times, and the result has been uniformly beneficial
«md satisfactory."
MADE ME A . MAN
/g*» AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CUBE
ft f "*l A I.Z, Ferrous Mistakes— Failing Mem*
bj 2, g- \ ory, Impotency, Sleepleasness, ate., caused
Hf ,Y| by Ahuae or other Excesses and India*
§AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURE
A Z.Z, Xervotis Uistanrs—Fui'iiag Mem-
ory, Impotency, Sleeplessness, utc., caused
by Abnse or other Excesses and Indis*
cretions, Tf'ey quickly and surely
\ ~T restore Lost Vitality in old or young, and
>«Syo^. fit a man for stud >-, business or marriage.
5» Prevent Insanity and Consumption if j
taken in me. Tbelrnsa shows immediate lmprovo-
I inent and effects a CUIIE where all other fail In-
sist upon having the genuine Aim Tablets. They
I have cured thousands and will cure yon. We rive a pos-
1 itive written guarantee to effect a euro Rt\ f^TQ a
{ each casoor refund the money. Price V I wiper
! pnekaco; or six pkees (fall treatment) for $2.50. By
nail, in plain wrapper, npon receipt of price. Circular
f "»9. A .lAX ffpMUTW CC)., •!> D*nrbora St.,
For sale In San Francisco by Lelpnltz & Co.,
126 Sutter. No-Percentage Pharmacy, 949 Mitt.
I DR.MPNULTY:
rynm well-known- and RKI.rABT.E OM»
-•- I'rlvate.Nervous.HlooilHiid
j Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
1 20>-ears' experience. Send for Book, free. Patients
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours. 9 to 3
I dallj-;6:3O tog.SOc-T'Ks. Hjndays. 10 to 12. Omsnlta-
i clon free and sacredly confidential, Call or address
P.BOSCOE 9IeKVI<TT. SI. ».,
BSU Krarnr S<i«-«-l Nan I'ranrlwo. r«l
[HAVE ' YOU Sore Throat, Pimples, Copper-
Colored Spots, Aches, Old Sores, Ulcers I
In Mouth, Hair-Palling? Write COOK KEAI- I
EDY CO., 213 MASONIC TEMPLE, CHI- 1 1
CAGO, ILL., for proofs of cures. Capital fc :
{» :*JO.IA)O.: *JO.lA)O. Worst cases cured In ii to 85 days. f >
9100-pag-e9 100-pag-e book free. ■. ||