VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO. 49.
CRUISER IRENE STOPPED BY
SHOT FROM THE McCULLOCH
ENTERS THE
HARBOR OF
SANTIAGO
Call-Herald Dispatch; Boat
finds the City Silent
and Son)ber.
Hungry Inhabitants Give a Mute
Welcome to the Generous
American Conquerors.
■pedal Cable to The Call and the »w York Herald. Copyrighted, 189?
by Jamea Gordon Bennett.
IN SANTIAGO HARBOR, July 17, .by the Call-Herald
dispatch-boat Golden Rod to Port Antonio, Jamaica, July 18. —
I have taken the Golden Rod through the tortuous channel into
harbor, thus sustaining the reputation of The Call and
the Herald of being the first newspapers to be represented at
even- point where important news is to be obtained. This task
wa ( by no means an easy one, but it has been accomplished, and
The Call and Herald are here ahead of the American fleet and al
most ahead of the Government's representative themselves.
The Golden Rod is now anchored In !
the upper bay. Santiago in defeat is '
silent and somber. Many of the houses \
are deserted. Save for the measured j
tread of the American troops, who are
patrolling the city, no sound Is heard. :
Women on the shore wave their hand- ;
kerchiefs timidly in welcoming Tho ;
"all-Herald dispatch-boat, and the Red i
Cross steamship State of Texas. But
tt Is a siient welcome, such a one as i
might be expected in ■ anticipation- of ',
Buooor with the element of enthusiasm
lacking. Residents of the city seem i
uncertain of their ground, moved al
ternately by repret that Spanish soy- •
irelgnty has ceased to be potential in '
Santiago Province, and by a feeling of >.
happiness that Americans are here to |
fped them and keep the Cubans in the
leash.
Absolutely nothing is left in the city
except wine, so that the residents for
the present must be dependent upon
the Americans for supplies, and upon
the Red Cross staff for medical attend
ance. The Cubans resent the occupa
tion of Santiago by the Americans.
Th*>y think Gpneral Garcia should be
made Governor General of Santiago
and threaten to make trouble if they
are ignored.
In the harbor some rich prizes have
been taken to-day. Lieutenant Doyle
of the Brooklyn, who controls the ship
ping of the port, during the afternoon
seized seven Spanish vessels, manning
them with prize crews from the New
York and Brooklyn. These prizes in
clude the gunboat Canonero, the pas
senger steamship Mexico of Barcelona,
the passenger steamship Reina de loa
Angelo of Cienfuegos, the freight boat
Mortara, and a sister ship, the neme
of which has been removed, a tugboat
and the sloop Josefa. The four steam
ships are fine vessels, worth in the ag
gregate a million dollars. In addition
to these prizes half a dozen fishing
smacks have been taken.
The steamship Thomas Brooks, owned
by the former BrKlsh Consul, has not
been disturbed. About 200 marines have
been distributed among the vessels in
the harbor. As I write several of the
prizes are getting up steam, and I un
derstand they will be attached to the
transport fleet. The water supply of
the city will be restored at once and
thus enable the transports that are to
lakp General Toral's army back to
Bpain to obtain a complete supply of
coal and water here, and this will facil
itate the removal of the Spanish
trof.-pp.
Rear Admiral Sampson and Commo
dore Schley did not know until to-day
how badly Morro Castle had been dam
aged. .Even greater doubt existed as
to conditions beyond Morro. The sur
render of th<j Spaniards o-pened the way
for close inspection. Promptly at noon
to-day. In accordance with the terms
Of rnptfulation, the Spanish flags were
taken down from Morro. E.strella.
Pocapa and the western batteries. The
American officers to whom the forts
v;ere delivered had not been provided
with the stars and stripes, but one of
the men at Morro Castle carried a
pocket edition of Old Glory and wasted
no time in raising the tiny bit of bunt-
Ing over the old fort. The flag floated
In the brr-ozo for a time, hut eventually
V BS ( arried away by the wind.
Immediately after the American col
ors had been ralsod over Morro Ad
miral Sampson sent a detail of men un
der Assistant Naval Constructor Hob
son to remove the mines from the chan
nel. Hobson and his men went about
this work in a launch, and were thus
employed when I boarded the flagship.
"We are handling these mines our
selves," said Admiral Sampson, "pre
ferring to do the work in our own
way."
The mines are not being taken up, but
will be exploded so as to dear the chan
nel. Admiral Sampson in reply to a
The San Francisco Call
question said the American fleet would
not enter the harbor, and that it would
probably not enter at all, although he
might send in the Vixen and Glouces
ter later to serve as dispatch boats.
Houses on the bluff overlooking the
sea have been carried away. The light
house remains, hut about ten feet of its
masonry has been destroyed. Sv/eep
ing past Morro at full speed the Golden
Rod came in slght_the Reina Mercedes,
lying on; the Tfeach" Back' of the fort.
with her port • *4de buried in the sand
and head up the channel. The cruiser
was foundjust as the Spanish crew had
left her. At a point a little further up
the channel on the east bank Is all
that remains of Estrella Castle. Like
Morro this fort is in ruins. Not a gun
was left standing. The face of the cas
tle had been shot away, leaving only
the foundation walls, which rise in
white columns from the sea to the top
of the mountain. Socapa battery, too,
is only a ruin.
Now we come to the wreck of the
Merrimac, well inside the forts and
1 sunk parallel with the channel, as re
i ported first by The Call and the Herald.
Only her smokestack and foremast
1 show above the water. Here the chan
nel sweeps to the westward. In another
moment we are in the bay with Cayo
i Smith on our port quarter. Before the
'war Cayo Smith was the abiding place
jof Santiago pilots, who, with their
; families, formed a colony, but now the
1 place is deserted and the houses have
! for tenants only the buzzards and
; strange night prowlers. Across the
channel from Cayo Smith to the inlet
, on the eastern shore the Spaniards had
'■ stretched a boom of logs, upon which
i mines were hung suspended like bait
j upon fishing lines. This boom was
built in two sections, being opened In
the morning and closed at night. When
I closed it made the harbor safe from the
1 attacking fleet, as the moment a vessel
j toucheu the boom the whole field of
I torpedoes would explode under It.
Hobson opened the boom far enough
; to let the Golden Rod through and we
went up to the city. At the Govern
, ment coal station women flocked out on
j the wharf and waved handkerchiefs
; and aprons, bidding welcome to the
i Americans.
SLAPPED GENERAL
SHAFTER'S FACE
Disgraceful Act of a Correspondent
That May Cause "Yellow"
Journalists to Be Expelled.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
IN THE CITY OF SANTIAGO, July
!17.— By The Call-Herald dispatch
boat Golden Rod to Port An- I
tonio, Jamaica, July 18.— The Amer
j lean flag at exactly noon to-
I day was hoisted over Santiago, and
I Spanish authority in the eastern end of
! the island of Cuba ceased. General
Shafter and General Wheeler shortly
before 9 o'clock mounted and rode
toward the gap through which the
road passes our lines. Other generals J
followed and after them members of
their staff 8. Two mounted troops of
the Second Cavalry, commanded by
Captain Brett, attended as an escort.
When this cavalcade emerged from the
gap a body of Spaniards were seen is
suing from the city. This proved to be j
General Toral and his staff, escorted j
by 100 infantrymen. As the two com
manders moved toward each other,
their horses advancing at a slow walk,
the adjacent hills were thronged with
officers and soldiers of the conquered
and conquering armies.
General Shafter and General Toral
met about half way between the lines.
The Spanish general and his staff, im
maculately clad, approached General
Shafter's party slowly. Ap the two
commanders neared each other they
rode slightly in advance of their at
tending officers, and when within easy
SAN FIIANCISCO, TUESDAY, JULY 19, 1898.
DEWEY HOLDS THE
GERMANS IN CHECK
Informs Yon Diederichs That His Vessels
Must Comply Witt) International Law.
Boston Goes to Meet tl)e Second
Detachment of Troops. .
®®®®®®®®®O®®®®®®® ®® ®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®
® ®
® LONDON, July 19. — The Hongkong correspondent of the Daily Mail says: United ®
® States Consul Wildman informs me that as the German cruiser Irene was passing Mariveles, off ®
s Manila, the other day, the United States gunboat Hugh McCulloch was sent after her to ask ~
® her to stop. She refused to obey and a shell was sent across her bow, and a small boat went ®
® out to discover what she was doing. The German admiral protested and insisted that German ®
® ships had a right to enter the harbor without being searched, a claim which Admiral Dewey de
g) clined to recognize. @
® It is reported that Admiral yon Diedrichs, who is in command of the German squad- ®
ron at Manila, interviewed Captain Chichester of the British cruiser Immortalite as to what he ®
<s ®
® would do if the Germans interfered with the bombardment of Manila. Captain Chichester re- j>
® plied that only Admiral Dewey and himself knew that. ®
® ®
<•> ®®®®G>®®®®® ®®®®® ® ® ® ® (•) ®®® ® ® <•) ®®®® ®® ® ®®®®®®® ®®®®®®®®®®®
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1808, by Jamci Gordon Bennett.
MANILA, July 14 (via Hongkong, July 18). — There is no change in the condition of
affairs here. The Spaniards still hold the outlying forts. The rebels make sham attacks to call the
Spaniards' fire, and the Spaniards waste huge quantities of ammunition. Food is scarce and bad.
The rebels have captured the steamer Compania de Filipinas, loaded with tobacco. Colonel Iboleon
of the Seventy-third native regiment has been killed, and Captain Bello of the same regiment badly
wounded, and the remainder of the regiment made prisoners in the province of Tayabase.
The Boston left the bay yesterday for Cape Egano to meet the transports from San Fran
cisco with the second detachment of troops. The situation otherwise is unchanged. The health of
the fleet is excellent, owing to the careful sanitary regulations enforced by Admiral L)ewey. A
steamer has arrived with a thousand tons of frozen meat from Australia and a sailing ship with 2600
tons of coal.
Aguinaldo has removed his head
quarters from Cavlte to Baker. The
rebels maintain their position before
Manila, but seem to be making no ef
fort to force the fighting.
It is reported that Admiral Dewey re
cently sent Flag Lieutenant Brunsberg
to Admiral yon Diederichs, com
manding the German squadron, calling
attention to several acts of the German
vessels not authorized by international
law or naval customs.
Admiral yon Dlederichs sent his
flag lieutenant to Dewey with an ex
planation that the acts specified had
been done without his knowledge.
Later, It is said. Admiral yon Diede
richs complained to Dewey that the
American ship McCulloch had shown
unnecessary severity in overhauling
the German cruiser Irene. Dewey re
plied that our officers had done only
what was proper, and would continue
to enforce the laws and customs us
ually applicable in time of war.
I wi3h to warn the readers of The
Call and the Herald against many
stories circulating at Cavite about the
relations of the United States forces
to the natives and Germans. The lat
ter are lacking in ordinary naval cour
tesy, but not to the point of hostility
as some have asserted. They have
landed some provisions in Manila, but
the stories that they have sent field
artillery and gunners to man the
Spaniards' heavy guns is not true.
Lieutenant Colonel Juan Cailles, In
charge of the guns in the insurgent
trenches surrounding Manila, informs
me that the Spaniards have placed dy
namite mines Immediately behind their
Intrenchments on every road leading
Into the city. The mines are connected
by wire with the Spanish headquarters
and pits also have been dug and filled
with upturned lance heads. The bridges
have not been mined. The Insurgents
have solved the Spanish system of
rocket signaling during the fighting,
which takes place almost Invariably at
night. A yellow rocket means a point
is endangered and calls for reinforce
speaking distance drew rein simulta
neously and raised their hats. Imme
diately every officer on both sides un
covered his head and remained so until
Generals Shatter and Toral had re
placed their hats.
At the same moment General Shaf
ter's cavalry escort deployed and pre
sented sabers, to which the Spanish in
fantry responded by presenting arms.
After exchanging salutations General
Shafter took from Lieutenant Miley
the sword and spurs of General Vera
del Rey, who died bravely defending
El Caney on July 1, and presented them
to General Toral with his compliments.
General Toral appeared to be much
affected as he received these souvenirs
of his dead comrade in arms. He
warmly thanked General Shafter, and
handed the sword and spurs to Colonel
Fontaine, his chief of staff. General
Shafter then announced that he was
ready to receive the surrender of the
city under the terms of capitulation al
ready agreed upon and signed.
General Toral, speaking in Spanish,
then said: "I deliver up the city and
province of Santiago de Cuba into the
authority of the United States."
General Toral then made a motion as
if to offer his sword, but this instantly
was checked by General Shafter. The
Thirteenth Infantry descended Into the
valley to receive the .Spanish garrison,
which began to emerge from the city
and which slowly marched along the
broad road until within 300 yards of our
lines.
ments. A red rocket marks one death.
A white rocket calls for more ammu
nition. The insurgents have mounted
two old ships' puns from Cavite In
Paray, an outpost, and opened fire with
them last rJerht. I saw the guns yes
terday. It Is only 300 meters to the
Spanish lines from the top of the In
tr^enchments at Paray, and one could
see with the naked eye the Spanish sol
diers moving about in their trenches.
One insurgent was wounded while I
was in the trenches.
A high insurgent official advises me
that Agulnaldo will make no move upon
Manila until the Americans can co
operate. The insurgent soldiers are be
coming Impatient for action.
AUGUSTI REFUSES
TO SURRENDER MANILA
MANILA, July 13 (via Hongkong,
July 18).— An Important interview has
just been held between Aguinaldo's
secretary, Legarda, and a prominent
native white man, and the Spanish
commander, Captain Augusti, to sur
render the city, asserting that 50,000
Insurgents surrounded Manila and
were able to enter it at any moment.
Thus far, they argued, the insurgents
had been restrained with difficulty, but
if the Spaniards continued stubborn the
result would be that the insurgents
would be compelled to bombard and
storm the city "with the inevitable
slaughter, unparalleled in history, be
cause in the excitement of battle they
cannot discriminate."
Continuing, the captain general's vis
itors advised him to disregard the of
ficial fictions regarding alleged Span
ish victories in Cuba and reinforce
ments coming to the Philippines, and
proposed a reconciliation between the
Spaniards In the Philippines under a
republican flag and a Joint endeavor to
persuade the Americans to abandon
hostilities in the Philippine Islands.
Finally the representatives of the in
surgents proposed an appeal to the
As the Spanish soldiers filed past
General Toral they saluted him and he
gravely bowed acknowledgment with a
sorrowful face. To the front the of
ficer went and the soldiers stacked
their arms and then moved along into
positions where they could recline on
the grass. This formality being over,
General Toral saluted General Shafter
and turned toward the city.
It was now noon, the hour set for
raising the American flag over the
Governor's house. Captain McKittrick.
Lieutenant Wheeler and Lieutenant
Miley had been selected to perform th*
ceremony of unfurling the flag, and at
five minutes before 12 they ascended to
the cupola of the palace. As the ca
thedral bells rang out the hour of noon
the stars and stripes shot to the top
of the flagpole, where for centuries had
•waved the banner of Spain. General
Shafter, General Wheeler and every
American present uncovered, while the
soldiers presented arms and the band
played "The Star Spangled Banner."
With rare courtesy. General Toral
and his staff officers uncovered and re
mained in that attitude until the
strains of mußic ceased. It was an In
spiring moment. Another battle eagle
had perched on the old flag.
After the flag was raised the Amer
ican generals bade farewell to General
Toral and his staff and left the plaza
escorted by the cavalry. Just before
noon a call to arms was Bounded In
every regimental camp and all the reg
iments formed as If on dress parade
powers to recognize the Independence
of the Philippine Islands.
The captain general replied that he
must fight, however hopeless the Span
ish cause. Legarda then returned to
Cavite, taking with him the native,
who is a paroled prisoner.
The natives inside the city say they
received a fortnight ago a concerted
signal to prepare for storming the
walls. A second signal fixing the date
of the assault has not yet been issued
and they are tired of waiting and are
losing faith in Aguinaldo. The latter,
It is alleged, finds it extremely difficult
to capture the town's fortifications. HJs
previous successes, it Is pointed out,
were easy because of the nature of the
country, which suited his skirmishers.
It Is further alleged that the principal
points captured "by the insurgents were
obtained possession of through treach
ery.
The Insurgents are now bringing ar
tillery around by sea from Malabon,
which is tedious and troublesome work.
They are also obtaining detailed reports
of the condition of affairs from the in
side of the city.
Admiral Dewey is establishing a more
strict blockade, lest it be invalidated
by permitting neutmis to visit Cavite
and Malabon and send and receive
mails inclosing surreptitious Spanish
dispatches. He has threatened to sta
tion warships opposite the city, which
might precinltate hostilities as the
Spanish officers declare they will cer
tainly fire on any American within
range, regardless of the consequences.
A Spanish steamer, the Fillpinas, has
just been brought in here in the hands
of the insurgents. It appears that she
was on the north coast and escaped to
China with a native crew on board,
when the latter revolted, killed the
Spanish officers and brought the vessel
to Cavite.
The Spaniards are daily employing
convicts to fell trees and burn huts on
the outskirts of the town. Fusillades
continue, but otherwise the position is
unchanged. The stock of flour is prac
tically exhausted, but the supplies of
rice and buffalo meat will last for
months longer.
along the crest of the elevated ridge
facing the city. President McKinley's
dispatch conveying the congratulations
of the people of the United States was
read then, and Captain Capron'a bat
tery fired a salute of twenty-one guns
as a signal that the American flag
waved over Santiago.
On the way through the suburbs the
cavalcade dashed past a thousand refu
gees returning from Caney. Notwith
standing their accumulated miseries of
the last fortnight, they still had spirit
enough to cheer General Shafter and
his officers. Shortly after 1 o'clock Gen
eral Shafter reached his headquarters,
somewhat fatigued by the exertion of
the day. but exceedingly well satisfied.
In fact the capitulation was conduct
ed gracefully on both sides. The only
incident which marred the day was oc
casioned by the conduct c-f Sylvester
Scovel, a correspondent. When they
came to raise the flag Scovel attempted
to make his way to the roof of the pal
ace with the Intention of participating
in some way In the ceremony. He was
ordered down by the guard. Imme
diately after the ceremony Bcovel
pushed his way to General Shafter and
slapped the general's face. He was
promptly arrested.
For the present the municipal and
provincial affairs of Santiago will be
administered by the regular authorities
under the protection of the American
troops. There will be no material
change until the Spanish troops have
embarked.
MILES ON
THE WAY TO
PORTO RICO
Heavily Laden Transports
Will Soon Follow prom
Several Ports.
Thirty ThousaQd Troops to Be
Hurried porward and Forty
Thousand More if Needed.
NEW YORK, July 18.— The Washington correspondent <
of the Herald telegraphs: As a result of several conferences
held by the President and the Naval War Board and fre- <
quent communication with Secretary Long and Rear Admiral <
Sampson a strong naval force will leave at once for Porto
Rico, and convoys are forming for the protection of trans- <
ports conveying troops to that island. It is expected the <
monitors Puritan, Amphitrite and Miantonomoh, whose ar
rival in Porto Rican waters is known to the department, will <
materially aid in making a successful debarkation of the first
body of troops. <
San Juan will be surrounded and be starved into submis- (
sion, the monotony of w r aiting being relieved by bombard
ments of the fortifications, which will be made from both sea '
and land.
■ ■ i
WASHINGTON, July 18.— After three
days' consultation between Secretary
Alger and General Brooke, during
which there was a frequent communi
cation with General Miles at Siboney,
the details of the Porto Rlcan expedi
tion were perfected and the expedition
itself gotten under way. General
I Miles, with some military and troops,
I are sailing to-day for Porto Rico on the
converted cruiser Tale, to be followed
quickly by an army of about 30,000 men.
There are some notable differences in
j the plans for this expedition and for
the stately navaT pageant that sailed
away from Tampa under General
Shafter's command to attack Santiago.
First, there will be practically no naval
General Miles leads the way. He had
been promised by the President that he
I should go to Porto Rico and the prom
ise was redeemed when the Tale headed
to-day from Siboney for Porto Rico,
800 miles distant. General Brooke will
be the senior officer in General Miles'
command, and upom him will fall the
responslblity for the .execution of the
details of his superior's plans. It is
estimated that General Miles should ar
rive by Wednesday night at the point
selected for the landing, and that he
will hoist the American flag at once
over Porto Rican soil. The point chosen
for his landing is kept secret, as the
general will land before the full body
of the expedition Is at hand, and it is
consequently not desirable that they
should be able to assemble a superior
f^rce to meet him.
The distance from Charleston, where
the first body of troops for General
Miles' expedition was to start to-day,
is more than double the distance from
Santiago to Porto Rico, so that the
transports which sail from the former
city can scarcely reach General Miles
before the early part of next week.
There Charleston troops are to be the
First Brigade of the First Division of
the First Army Corps, and, are com
manded by Brigadier General George
H. Ernst. The brigade comprises the
Second Wisconsin, Third Wisconsin and
Sixteenth Pennsylvania Regiments.
The purpose of Secretary Alger is to
make the Porto Rican campaign a
short one. An overwhelming force will
be thrown upon the islands, and it i?
possible that a bloodless victory wiV
be achieved when the Spaniards become
convinced that they have no reasona
ble chance to resist successfully. Thr
expedition is to comprise 30,000 men a/
the start, and it will be swelled soon
to 40.000 men, and, if necessary, to 70,
000 men, the equipment of the volun
teer forces having now progressed so
well as to warrant the statement that
that number of men can be ready for
services in Porto Rico within a very
short time.
The entire body of troops at Tampa
will be taken, numbering about 13,000
men, and including a lot of heavy and
light artillery under command of Gen
eral Rodgers. The expedition will be
particularly strong with artillery and
some of that at Santiago, commanded
by General Randolph, is to be drawn
upon. The Tampa troops are known
as the Fourth Corps, under Major Gen
eral Coppinger, comprising the Second
Division, under Brigadier General Si
mon Snyder and made up of the First
Brigade, Brigadier General Schwan;
Eleventh and Nineteenth United States
Infantry, Second Brigade, Brigadier
General Carpenter; Second New York
and Fifth Maryland; Third Brigade,
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Brigadier General Hudson, Third
Pennsylvania, One Hundred and
Fifty-seventh Indiana and First
Ohio; Third Division, Brigadier
General Kline, commanding; First
Brigade, Colonel C. L. Kennan,
Fifth Ohio, First Florda and Thirty
second Michigan; Second Brigade,
Brigadier General Lincoln, Sixty-ninth
New York, Third Ohio and Second
Georgia; the provisional- Cavalry Bri
gade, Colonel Noyes, Fifth United
States and detachments of the First,
Second, Third, Sixth and Tenth United
States Cavalry and eight troops of
Rough Riders; Artillery Brigade. Gen
eral Randolph, two light and ten heavy
batteries. It is possible that all of
the cavalry will not be called upon.
General Brooke will take with him
from Chickamauga Park most of the
First and Second Brigades of his army
corps, the First. These are (in addi
tion to General Ernst's brigade at
Charleston): Second Brigade, First Di
j vision. General Haines; Fourth Ohio,
I Third Illinois and Fourth Pennsyl
vania; Third Brigade, Colonel J. S. Cul
ver; First Kentucky, Third Kentucky
and Fifth Illinois; Second Division,
Colonel J. S. Poland commanding, First
Brigade. Brigadier General C. T. Rook,
| Thirty-first Michigan. First Georgia,
I One Hundred and Sixtieth, Indiana;
1 Second Brigade, General McKee. Sixth
I Ohio, One Hundred and Fifty-eighth
I Indiana, First West Virginia; Third
I Brigade, Brigadier General Rosser,
Second Ohio, First Pennsylvania, Four
teenth Minnesota.
The part which the navy Is to take
I In the assault against Porto Rica has
I been fully matured. The several
I transport fleets will have with them
one or two auxiliary craft, carrying
strong secondary batteries of six or
eight pounders.
Secretary Long said this afternoon
that no time has been fixed for the de
parture of Admiral Sampon's fleet for
| San Juan. As to the naval plans he
! would only say that they would
i co-operate In every way with
the movements of the army. The re
ports that three monitors are on their
way from Key West to San Juan was
characterized by the Secretary as un
authorized. It is the general under
standing, however, that the na,vy will
rely mainly on armored ships \pr the
bombardment of San Juan, as the big
battleships and monitors afford the
best means of offensive warfare, while
their armor belts protect them from
such fire as the San Juan batteries can
bring to bear. The fortifications there
are much like those of Santiago, with
a Morro Castle at th» entrance of the
harbor and a number of lesser fortifi
cations leading up to the city. These,
however, are viewed with less awe,
since an examination of the batteries
at Santiago has shown them to be an
tiquated and capable of little effective
resistance.
The movement of the ships from San
tiago to their new fields of action will
begin at once, an 1 It is probable that
some of Admiral Sampson's ships were
detached to-day and proceeded with
General Miles with the expedition
toward Porto Rico. They will be need
ed to cover the debarkation of the
troops on Porto Rican soil. The others
will follow as soon as the full army ex
pedition is ready to make a landing,
when the attack will begin simultane
ously from land and sea.
It has been finely decided that none
j of the troops that participated In the2
actual fighting before Santiago shall be
employed on the Porto Rican expedi
tion. There are two reasons for this;
first, the men have suffered severely
from hardships, the climate and from
severe fevers and are entitled to a rest;
second, it is deemed to t:> very bad
practice to allow the soldiers who have
been exposed to yellow fever to be
brought in contact with those fresh
from the United States. There is also
still another reason, a purely military
one. Ten thousand Spanish troops are
at Holguin, Manzanillo and other points
within strikinr distance of Santiago
and might not lose an opportunity to
recover the ground lost at Santiago if
the place were left insufficiently pro
tected. Therefore Shaffer's entire army
is to be kept on guard on the high hills
in the rear of the town until the men
have stamped out the yellow fever.
Then they will take a turn at the Span
iards if they can be found, and it may
be that Shafter's march will end at
Havana. He will work as far from his
base as possible after his army is
thoroughly refreshed, hunting the ene
my wherever they are liable to be
found.
FILLING CAPS
IN THE ARMY
President Makes Many
Appointments.
LONG LiST OF LIEUTENANTS
SEVERAL NEW CAPTAINS ALSO
CHOSEN.
The Officers to Serve in the Volunteer
Infantry and Volunteer Engi
neer Branches of the
Service.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, July IS.— The President
to-day made the following appointments:
To be first lieutenants of Infantry: Frank
E. Bamford, ward M. Bell, John S. Battle,
Charles L. Bent, John W. Barker, William
Brooke, Thomas W. Connell, Charles F. Craln,
Edward C. < try, Frank S. Cochran, William
M. Crofton, Elmer W. Clark, Wilbur E. Dove,
William D. Davis, Peter W. Davidson, Albert
C. Dalton, Arthur M. Edwards, Isaac Erwin,
Frank D. Ely, George H. Estes Jr.. Oliver
Edwards, Frederick W. Fuger, Willard D.
Glascn, James P. Harbeson, Ora E. Hunt,
Samuel V. Hall. George E. Houle, V. K.
liar i. John Howard, George H. Jamison, Henry
L. Kinnlson. Dana W. Kilburn, Lincoln F.
Kilbourne. Frederick L. Knudson, Ferdinand
W. Kobbe, Charles L. Krauthoff, William J.
Lutz, Howard Laubach. James W. Lynch.
Frederick G. Lawton, Albert Laws, Frank H.
Lawton, Louis B. Lawton, Jacob H. '/.. La
lelle, George H. McMaater, John C. McArthur,
Frank B. McKenna, Henry L. McCorkle, John
B. Murdock, Frank J. Morrow, James A. Moss
Dennis M. Mlcbe, John F. Madden, James T
Moore, Robert W. M»ari!F, William H. Mul
lay. Thomas H. Martin, John K. Miller, Paul
B. Malone. Peter E. Marquart, William New
man. Traber Norman, Hunter B. Nelson, John
J. p Connell. Harrison J. Prise, Guy G. Palmer,
John H. Parker, John McM. Palmer, John
Preston Jr., Howard R. Perry, William A. Ra
bourn. Otto H. Bresenbaum, James Ronayne.
William C. Rogers, Horace M. Reeve, John F
fctt-phenE. Marcu3 B. Stokes, Frederick B
Btrtckinger Jr.. Charles Smith, David G. Spur
wm. &h& h i?- * p<ia!l . William A. Sater.
William H. Simons. Hamilton A. Smith Fred-
| r ' c^v, r - c St ? t8 2 n R S b ,1 rt L - s P*"ce. Thomas L.
Smith, S. J. Schlndell, Edward Sigerfoos Ed
ward A. Ehuttleworth. Matthew E. Savllle
H&nsford L. Threlkeld, Edward Taylor Ralph
H an , i ':" - Frank A. Wllcox. William M.
Wood. William M. Washel. Hugh D. Wise
Pegram \\ hitworth, George McD. Weeks. Wil
liam Wallace, John E. Woodward, Ulysses G.
Worrik.w, Bryant H. Wells, William E. Welsh"
Frank S. Wells, Orrln L. Wolff. Arthur H.
To be second lieutenants of infantry: Frank
B. Burr. Robert M. Brambil. James Edward
Bell, Bryan Conrad, James McDonald Comer,
Edward Croft. Arthur Cranston. Harry An
thony Eaton, Moore D. Falls, William F. Fol
\vell. Joseph W. Fallon. Joseph L. Galbralth.
Louis E. Hill, John R. Hannay. Charles F
Humphreys Jr.. Charles R. Hickock, Frank
Halstead, William Jordan. Harry E. Knight
Campbell King, Alex, J. McNab, Geerge Chap
man Martin, Edward A. Macklin. Edward A
Naylor, Robert R. Nevin, William Ourey
William L. Prince, Tenny Ross. Harold B
Smith. Ralph W. Terrlll, Benjamin Tlllman.
James Davis Taylor, Benjamin H. Watklns, E.
James Williams. William H. Williams Philip
Everard, Mea le Walker. Allen C. Wright
To be second lieutenants of artillery—
F. Armstead, Henry A. Boutelle, Herbert J
Bresa, Percy Boebls. Hanson B. Black, Arthur
Cassells. Winfred B. Carr, William R. Doores-
James Musgrave Darrach, George B Douglas'
Henry Clay Evans Jr.. Charles P. Faulkner!
John C. Goodfellow Woodson H«rker. William
Chase Hope, Charles C. Hai~ht. Gerard B
Hoppin, Peter C. Halnes Jr., Harry L. James'
Edward Klmmell, William A. Lleber, Alfred
B. McLey. William M. Merriam. E. B. Martin
dale Jr., Morrlll M. Mills, Hudson Taylor Pat
ten, William F. Stewart, Alfred Andrews Star
board, Guy T. Scott, Wright Smith, Oliver L
Spauldlng. Earl W. Tanne, Robert Robblns
Wallach, Ru*h Spencer Wells.
Third Volunteer Infantry— To be captain
Hugh H. Colquitt. To be first lieutenants'
James A. Thomas, Robert W. Collins, Thomas
A. Jenks; to be second lieutenants, David C
Barrow, Jefferson D. Rooney, Harry C Mc-
Cool, Arthur A. McCall. ■■-....■-.-
Fourth Volunteer Infantry— be captain
Henry A. Wise. To be first lieutenants, Ed
ward L. woode, John S. Wise Jr.: to be second
lieutenant, Howard W. Throckmorton.
Seventh Volunteer Infantry— To be first lieu
tenant, AH. Butler; to be second lieutenant
James H. Wilson.'.
Eighth Volunteer Infantry— be captains-
Charles O. Thomas Jr., Robertson Palmer El
mer E. Hood, Gustavus W. Fahlbush. To be
first lieutenants, George T. Robinson, Benja
min O. Davis. Thomas H. Clark; to be second
lieutenants, Charles E. Mlnklns, David P
Davis, William L. Irvln.
Tenth Volunteer Infantry— To be colonel,
Thaddeus W. Jones; to be captains, Austin P
Mullarky, Robert Lee Byrd; to be first lieuten
ant, James A. Roston.
First Volunteer -Engineers— be first lieu
tenant, Rodman V. Beach; to be second lieu
tenant, Walter C. Klmball.
Second Volunteer Engineers— To be captains
George W. Freeman. William L. Geary; to be
first lieutenant. Joseph M. Andrews; to be sec
ond lieutenant, Reuben L. Tannett; 'chaplain,
Edward 8. Klmball. i
Third Volunteer Engineers— To be captains,
John H. -Weflterneld, William H. Thomas. Wil
liam J. Harde, William J. Taylor, George F
Stlckney. Carleton W. Sturtevant, Sidney B
Williamson. Lyle F. Bellinger, Frank Laverilf
John L. Van Ornum; to be first lieutenants.
James H. Bacon. Flngal C. Black, Charles
Smith. Thomas C. Thomas, Charles A. Miner,
Frederick C. Hand, Henry L. Reber, John Al
fred Laird, Chester Bailey White; to be second
lieutenants, Samuel F. CrereUus,' • Wllter F
Brown, Jefferson D. Reagan, James R. Fain,
William D. Rhea; to be chaplain Samuel W.
Small.
To be assistant surgeons. Second Volunteer
Engineers, with rank of first lieutenant Ed-
Ward Q. Barrett; Third Volunteer Cavalry
rank of first lieutenant, Edward S. Grigsby;
Second Volunteer Infantry, Charles Burning;
Third Volunteer Infantry, William A. Chap-
BOMBARDMENT
OF MANZANILLO
BY OUR SHIPS
LONDON, July 19.— A special dispatch from Havana, dated Mon
day, says:
"Seven American warships heavily bombarded Manzanillo this
morning. '. hree steamers of Mendendezline were set on fire. Several
gunboats that were in the harbor Issued forth to the defense of the
town, but were stranded. The result of the bombardment Is not yet
known here."
NEW YORK, July 18.— A cablegram to the Sun dated "Havana.
July 18, via London," says: Guns aboard a steamer at Manzanillo were
landed and used in the defense against the American bombardment.
The g-unboats Delgado and Pareja were burned.
Captain General Blanco has telegraphed a congratulatory message
to the commander at Manzanlllo and has ordered him to resist to the
last
BATTERED OLD
MORRO'S FLAG
HAULED DOWN
Schley, Hobson and Other
Officers View the
. Wrecks.
In Concluding the Inspection of
the Harbor the Commodore
Makes Pointed Remarks.
Copyrighted, IS9B, by the Associated Press.
UNDER MORRO CASTLE, HAR
BOR OF SANTIAGO DE CUBA, July
17, 3 p. m., via Playa del — ste, Province
of Santiago de Cuba, July 17 (delayed
in transmission). — At exactly 9 o'clock
this morning the Spanish flag was low
ered from the staff crowning the
heights upon which battered Morro
Castle stands half way up. The low
ering of this emblem of the defunct
sovereignty of Spain in this part of
the world was witnessed by a few
Spanish and American troops on shore
and by the Brooklyn, New York, Vixen
and Vesuvius, lying within a hundred
yards of the harbor entrance.
Almost immediately after the flag
was taken down steam launches, com
manded by Lieutenants Hobson and
Powell, entered the harbor, penetrat
ing as far as the firing stations of tne
submarine mines. These mines were
judged not to be so formidable as ex
pected, and later in the afternoon they
were all exploded under the supervision
of the Vixen.
It was seen that two mines had been
exploded at the time of the entrance
of the Merrimac into the channel of
Santiago harbor, but it is not thought
that any of them had anything to do
with the sinking of that craft. Six or
seven steamers in the harbor fall cap
tive to the army and navy. The Span
ish gunboat Alvarez had already been
taken possession of by a prize crew
from the New Tork. The other ves
sels lie at the other end of the harbor,
at Santiago proper.
Soon after noon Commodore Schley,
with Captain Cook of the Brooklyn;
Lieutenant J. H. Sears, the flag lieu
tenant; Silcut B. Wells, the flag sec
retary, and three invited correspond
ents of the Associated Press, went into
the harbor on a steam launch, which
moved slowly in order to make close
observations of the Spanish forts and
batteries.
Every one expressed satisfaction at
the fact that Morro Castle was not de
molished by the bombardment, Captain
Cook saying: "We need El Morro as
an object lesson, and America is rather
shy on ruins anyhow."
The old fort stands on the bluff, ter
race fashion. From the water's edge
to the cliff are numerous caves formed
by the action of the waves, and around
the base, and in the superstructure are
not a few caves made by the fleet's
projectiles. It would appear, however,
that only one bastion was knocked to
pieces, while the queer little sentry
boxes, dating back to the sixteenth cen
tury, escaped almost intact. Morro
Castle is the. only imposing fortifica
tion in the harbor, and it is only so
in appearance, since not a gun is
mounted within or on the crumbling
walls. In fact, all the batteries,
masked and open, dwindled in their
terror-inspiring qualities as the inspec
tion grew closer.
Crowning the hill on the west side
of the entrance were the famous six
inch rapid-fire guns from the Spanish
cruiser Reina Mercedes. These were
ugly looking and dangerous, while be
low, on big foundations on the western
shore of the entrance, were some re
volving guns. These were the ones
which poured such a bitter fire into the
Merrimac. Directly east of Morro Cas
tle, on the crest of the nlateau-like cliff,
were six big guns, one or two of which
were dismounted.
The Estrella battery and a small
neighbor further in showed no guns,
while the famous islet, Cayo Smith, was
filled with blue, white and yellow
houses situated in groves of flowering
trees, some of the buildings looking as
if they had been resorts of pleasure
seekers in happier times. Others were
humble enough in appearance for
fishermen's houses. All were deserted,
and, strange to say, not one apparently
had been touched by a hostile projec
tile.
On the inside of the slope and hill to
the westward some hastily constructed
but very comforting casemates were
seen, Into which the Spanish gunners
were wont to retire when our ships
opened fire. When the firing ceased
the gunners had a few steps only to
climp to the six-Inch rapid-fire guns,
which almost always fired a few spite
ful farewell shots. In Santiago there
were four six-inch guns, one above the
other, neither protected even by sand
or earth. These commanded the har
bor entrance pretty well, but they could
have been silenced by one well directed
heavy shell.
Commodore Schley has over and over
again expressed the belief that our fleet
probably could have entered the har
bor without the loss of a single ship.
The mines might have stopped ingress
by sinking the leading ship, but this Is
the chance of war and not so grave as
many taken during the civil strife nor
as serious- as would have been the sit
THE SAN FEAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 19, 1898.
uation had there been good batteries,
properly manned, in the harbor.
Commodore Schley's party first
steamed around the wreck of the Reina
Mercedes, which lies with her bow
pointed toward the city. She had a
list to the starboard and rested on a
reef near the foot of Morro cliff. The
cruiser was sunk to the upper deck, on
which one six-inch gun remained. One
torpedo tube was loaded and the auxil
ary battery seemed in place. Evident
ly the crew of the Reina Mercedes left
her in a hurry. This is less to be won
dered at when it is noted that there
were great gaps in her sides, showing
where two twelve and two thirteen
inch shells struck her. The sea wash
ed through the after cabin, which was
decorated in old-fashioned style and
a silk curtain could bs plainly seen over
an inner door as the launch steamed by.
About six hundred yards ahead of the
Reina Mercedes anfl alomst in line with
her was the wreck of the Merrimac,
lying in fully six fathoms of water on
the very edge of the channel. Had not
the current swung the doomed ship
alongside instead of athwart the chan
nel the latter would have been well
blocked. When Assistant Naval Con
structor Hobson took the collier into
the harbor he was hunting for a four
fathom spot, and only missed by a few
hundred yards.
At the firing station on the west side,
which Commodore Schley inspected in
person, the American party met a
Spanish artillery captain, who was
courteous but gloomy. Commodore
Schiey was his own interpreter and ad
vised the officer, with the few men un
der his command, to go up to the city
and surrender as quickly as possible.
When the Spanish captain was asked
to point out the route to the six-inch
battery on the west hill he said there
was none and explained that the way
to get there was over steep, rocky and
difficult ground. It was learned later
that this was not true, and it was sur
mised that the Spaniard was anxious
to prevent the Americans from seeing
the damage done by the bombardment.
Commodore Schley then said he was
determined to have a glimpse of San
tiago City, and the launch was headed
along the west side of the channel, go
ing slowly and sticking to the shallow
water lest some contact mine put an
end, as the commodore remarked, "to
our pleasure party."
Skirting the broad, lake-like spot in
the harbor where the Spanish fleet, de
stroyed two waeks ago to-day, used to
lie during the bombardments, and not
ing the brilliantly painted buoys which
marked the shallows, Punta Gorda was
rounded and, distant about two miles,
the city of Santiago shone out, the
cathedral being especially well defined
and the masts and funnels of not a few
vessels showing at its wharves. At that
distance Santiago did not show any
traces of the destruction wrought by
the 106 eight-inch shells fired on the
city last Monday.
Returning to the Brooklyn, Commo
dore Schley, accompanied by his staff,
re-entered the harbor this morning:,
soon after the mines were exploded.
Captain Cook of the Brooklyn is au
thority for the statement that the for
mer Spanish flagship, the Infanta Ma
ria Teresa, has floated off the reef on
which she stranded, and that her heavy
armament is practically uninjured. The
captain also says this cruiser will al
most surely be saved and form an ad
dition to the United States navy a
trophy of the glorious July 3.
The Cristobal Colon may also be
saved, though a good deal depends
upon the weather, which is very un
certain at this time of the year. A
heavy storm might drive the cruiser so
high on the coral reef that it would be
impossible to float her. Many of the
naval men are outspoken in their crit
icism of the treatment of the Colon im
mediately after her surrender. They
believe the ship could have been saved
when she slipped back from the reef
into deep water, had divers, carpenters
and machinists', with a competent crew,
been sent on board of her.a
The crew of the Brooklyn regarded
the Vizcaya as their particular enemy
since the time when they were both
present at Queen Victoria's jubilee dis
play, when there was much comment
abroad on what a good fight might be
expected between the two ships If they
ever met. Of the four big ships which
were In Admiral Cervera's fleet, only
two are surely doomed to destruction.
They are the Vizcaya and the Almi
rante Oquendo, and these, as a coinci
dence, were the two cruisers which
went Into Havana harbor after the
blowing up of the Maine, and were
moored near the wreck of the United
States battle-ship in all their bravery
of paint, gilding and bunting, seeming
to gloat over the ruin caused, while the
people of Havana shouted themselves
hoarse, fired myriads of bombs and
bragged unceasingly of what the two
formidable cruisers of Spain would do
with the United States navy should a
fight ever be possible.
"Surely," remarked Lieutenant Com
mander Wainwrlght of the Gloucester,
formerly of the Maine, "this avenges
the Maine."
Speaking of the military victories of
July 1 and 2, and of the naval victory
on July 3, Commodore Schley said ser
iously: "These victories may serve
not only to deprive Spain of her co
lonial possessions, but to bring about
a change of frontiers in Europe. Spain
cannot get the terms now which she
might have had two months ago. What
can she hope for in six months more
of such warfare? 'Whom the gods
would destroy they first make mad.' "
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, July 18.— J. G. Eastland of
San Francisco and E. A. Schaffer of Los
Angeles are at the Manhattan. Mr. and
Mrs. Gaston Bacon and Mrs. and Miss Lu
cille Caswell of San Francisco have cone
to Paris.
One Year for Burglary.
SANTA ROSA, July 18.— P. G. Crane,
alias Ed Monroe, to-day pleaded guilty to
a charge of burglary and was sentenced
by Judge Dougherty to one year in San
Quentin.
Sonoma's Contented Taxpayers.
SANTA ROSA, July 18.— To-day the
County Board of Equalization adjourned
after having held a most remarkable ses
sion. Only one man in Sonoma County
applied for reduction of assessment.
STATE PAPER
OF HISTORIC
IMPORTANCE
Provides for Government
of the Province of San
tiago de Cuba.
President's Proclamation Estab
lishing a New Political Power
in the Island.
WASHINGTON, July 18.— A state
paper that will be historic, marking an
i epoch in American history, was issued
! to-night by direction of President Mc-
I Kinley. It provides in general terms
, for the government of the province of
' Santiago de Cuba an f is the first docu
, ment of the kind ever prepared by a
] President of the United States. By or
i der of Secretary Alger Adjutant Gen
; eral Corbin to-night cabled the docu
; ment to General Shatter, in command
;of the military forces at Santiago, x'he
| paper is not only an authorization and
instruction of General Shatter for the
government of the captured territory,
I but also a proclamation to the people
j of the territory of the intentions of the
! Government of the United States re
| garding them and their interests. It
i marks the formal establishment of a
j new political power in the island ct
| Cuba and insures to the people of the
•■ territory over which the power ex
tends absolute security in the exercise
of their private rights and relations as
well as security to their persons and
property. The full text of the docu-
I ment is as follows:
ADJUTANT GENERAL'S OFFICE,
WASHINGTON, July 18, 18&8.
General Shafter, Santiago, Cuba: The
following is sent you for your Information
and guidance. It will be published in such
manner in both English and Spanish -as
will give it the widest circulation in the
territory under your control:
EXECLTIVE MANSION,
Washington, D. C, July 18.
To the Secretary of War- Sir: The capitu
lation of the Spanish forces in Santiago de
Cuba and in the eastern part of the Province
of Santiago and the occupation of the terri
tory by the forces of the United States render
It necessary to Instruct the military com
mander of the United States as to the con
duct which he is to observe during military
occupation.
The first effect of the military occupation of
the enemy's territory is the severance of the
former political relations of the Inhabitants
and the establishment of a new political
power. Under this changed condition of
things the Inhabitants, so long as they per
form their duties, are entitled to security in
their persons and property, and in all their
private rights and relations. It Is my desire
that the inhabitants of Cuba should be ac
quainted with the purpose of the United States
to discharge to the fullest extent its obliga
tions In thla regard. It will therefore be the
duty of the commander of the army of occu
pation to announce and proclaim In the most
public manner that we come not to make war
upon the Inhabitants of Cuba, nor upon any
party or faction among them, but to protect
them In their homes. In their employments and
In their personal and religious rights. All pe»
sons who, either by active aid or by honest
submission, co-operate with the United States
in Its efforts to give effect to this beneficent
purpose will receive the reward of Its support
and protection. Our occupation should be as
free from severity as possible.
Though the powers of the military occupa
tion are absolute and supreme, and Imme
diately operate upon the political condition of
the inhabitants, the municipal laws of the con
quered territory, such as affect private rights
of person and property and provide for the
punishment of crime, are considered as con
tinuing 1 In force, so far as they are compati
ble with the new order of things, until they
are suspended or superseded by the occupying
TO BE PUT IN
FORCE IT ONCE
President Signs Santi
ago War Tariff.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, July 18.— The Presi
dent has signed the war tariff for San
tiago, and it takes effect to-morrow. It
adopts in general the privileged rates
now given Spain there, and makes thit
lar'ff uniform for all countries, includ
ing the United States.
The tariff was signed by President
McKinley after a brief conference this
afternoon with Secretaries Gage and
Alger. The instructions were immedi
ately cabled to the authorities in charge
of Santiago by Secretary Alger so that
the tariff can be put in force to-morrow
morning. The new tariff abolishes the
discriminative tariff now in operation
there, the rates for different countries
at Cuban ports varying. This country
took as its basis the rates accorded pro
ducts of Spain and applied them to all
countries not even excepting the United
States.
The most important change effected
is a reduction of tonnage duty on ships
carrying 2000 tons or more which go in
and out of the port from the present
rate of $1 a ton to a rate of 20 cents per
ton. This prohibitive tonnage tax under
the Spanish customs has been added
to the customs duties. In contrast to
the 20-cent rate declared for Santiago
is our own tonnage of 3 cents and that
of most of the other countries of three
or four times that much. The heavy
export duty on tobacco and certain
other Cuban products and the 5-cent
export tax on iron ore are retained for
awhile at least.
YELLOW FEVER SCOURGE
PRACTICALLY ABATED
Encouraging News Keceived by Gen-
eral Qreely in a Private Cable
Dispatch.
NEW YORK, July 18.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: There
came to-day a private cable dispatch
from Playa del Este to General Grey
ly, saying that the yellow fever
scourge was practically at an end in
Santiago. General Greeley told me
his information was not official, but he
was sure a decisive check has been
given the disease. There are over 200
caeca now in the hospitals, but they
have not been severe.
As General Miles contemplates taking
as many regulars as possible from San
tiago, the question of disinfecting uni
forms has been discussed. I was in
formed to-day at the quartermaster's
department that this may be easily
done, and even if this were not feasi
ble there are enough new uniforms at
Santiago to give one to each man who
will go to Porto Rico.
belligerent; and In practice they are not usu
ally abrogated, but are allowed to remain in
force and to be administered by the ordinary
tribunals, substantially as they were before the
occupation. This enlightened practice is, so
far as possible, to be adhered to on the pres
ent occasion. The judges and the other offi
cials connected with the administration of jus
tice may, if they accept the supremacy of the
United States, continue to administer the or
dinary law of the land, as between man and
man, under the supervision of the American
cornmander-ln-chlef. The native constabulary
will, so far aa may be practicable, be pre
served. The freedom of the people to pursue
their accustomed occupations will be abridged
only when it may be necessary to do so.
While the rule of conduct of the American
commander-in-chief will be such as has Just
been defined, It will be his duty to adopt meas
ures of a different kind if, unfortunately, the
course of the people should render such meas
ures Indispensable to the maintenance of law
and order. He will then possess the power to
replace or expel the native officials, in part
or altogether to substitute new courts of his
own construction for those that now exist, or
to create such new or supplementary tribunals
as may be necessary. In the exercise of these
high powers, the commander must be guided
by his Judgment and his experience, and a high
sense of justice.
One of the most important and most practical
problems with whick it will be necessary to
deal is that of the treatment of property and
the collection and administration of the rev
enues. It Is conceded that all public funds and
securities belonging to the government of the
country In Its own right and all arms and sup
plies and other movable property of such gov
ernment, may be seized by the military occu
pant and converted to his own use. The real
property of the State he may hold and admin
ister, at the same time enjoying the revenues
thereof, but he Is not to destroy it save In the
case of military necessity.
All public means of transportation, such as
telegraph lines, cables, railways and boats, be
longing to the State may be appropriated to his
use, but, unless In case of military necessity,
they are not to be destroyed. All churches and
buildings devoted to religious worship and to
the arts and sciences, and all school houses,
are so far as possible to be protected, and all
destruction or intentional defacement of such
places, of historical monuments or archives, or
of works of science or art. is prohibited, save
when require* by urgent military necessity.
Private property, whether belonging to in
dividuals or corporations, Is to be respected,
and can be confiscated only as hereafter In
dicated. Means of transportation, such as tele
graph lines and cables, railways and boats,
may, although they belong to private individ
uals or corporations, be seized by the military
occupant, but unless destroyed under military
necessity are not to be retained.
While It is held to be the right of the con
queror to levy contributions upon the enemy
in their seaports, towns or provinces which
may be In his military possession by conquest,
and to apply the proceeds to defray the expense
of the war, this right Is to be exercised within
such limitations that it may not savor of con
fiscation. As the result of military occupation
the taxes and duties payable by the inhabitants
to the former Government become payable to
the military occupant unless he sees fit to sub
stitute for them other rates or modes of con
tribution to the expenses of the Government.
The mone'-a so collected are to be used for the
purpose of paying the expenses of Government
under the military occupation, such as the sala
ries of the Judges and the police, and for the
payment of T he expenses of the army.
Private property taken for the use of the
army Is to be paid for when possible In cash
at a fair valuation, and when payment In cash
is not possible, receipts ars to be given.
All ports and places in Cuba which may be
In the actual possession of our land and naval
forces will be optned to the commerce of all
neutral nations, as well as our own. In article*
not contraband of war, upon payment of the
prescribed ratea of duty which may be In force
at the time of the Importation.
WILLIAM McKINLET.
By order of the Secretary of War
H. C. CORBIN, Adjutant General.
TO ROUND UP
TRANSPORTS
Plenty for Porto Rican
Expedition.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, July 18.— The ques
tion of transports for the Porto Rico
I expedition and that of providing sub
i sistence for the army which is to go
! there was the topic which occupied the
i attention of the officials of the quarter
master and the subsistence depart
ments of the army during the entire
| afternoon. There are ample transports
available, scattered all along the At
lantic and Gulf coasts and at Santiago,
and these will be concentrated as rap-
I idly as possible at the embarking
| points. Subsistence stores also are
I abundant at some of the points from
which the troops are to start and these
will be supplied by additional supplies
as fast as they are needed. A vast
quantity will be shipped from Newport
News and orders have been given for
dispatching to that point 6,000,000
pounds of these stores and 200,000
I pounds of refrigerated beef.
It is suggested in some quarters that
j the army may land in Porto Rico on
the southern coast, near the city of
Ponce, to the southwest of San Juan.
I Ponce- is situated on a plain about two
I miles from the seaboard, is the resi
dence of the military commander of the
district and is commercially the second
city of importance on the island. A
fine road leads to the port (Playa),
where is situated the custom-house, the
office of the captain of the port and all
I the consular offices. The port is spa
cious and will hold vessels with twenty
flve feet draught — an important con
sideration in the landing. The city
proper has no military defenses, but in
the hills to the north of the town a
series of earth intrenchments have been
constructed. West of Ponce, where the
railroad and military road touch the
shore, earthworks have been construct
ed to guard this strategic point.
There are about thirty mountain how
itzers in Ponce available for the defense
of the city and the railroad. The army,
if landed there, would be compelled to
travel fifty or sixty miles across the
mountainous country to reach San
Juan. There is, however, a main road,
irregular and circuitous, connecting
Ponce and San Juan. The northern
coast of the island extends in an al
most straight line from east to west
and is high and rugged. The only har
bors it has are the following: San
Juan, surrounded by mangrove swamps
and protected by the Cabras and the
Cabritas islands, and some very dan
gerous banks; the anchoring ground of
Arecibo, somewhat unprotected and
which has been mentioned as a possi
ble landing place, and the coves of Can
grejos and Condado. During the pres
ent season the ports on this coast are
safe and commodious unless visited by
, hurricanes.
GENERAL CHAFFEE
WILL PROBABLY BE
MILITARY GOVERNOR
Steps to Put Our Customs and
Postal Machinery in Operation
in Santiago.
NEW YORK, July 18.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Major Gen
eral A. R. Chaffee will probably be ap
pointed by the President to be military
governor of Santiago and the surrend
ered territory around that city. Presi
dent McKinley and the members of his
Cabinet devoted considerable attention
to-day to matters connected with the
establishment of a government for the
newly conquered territory. Several of
ficers were under consideration for ap
pointment as governor before General
Chaffee was practically decided on.
General Chaffee was regarded as un
usually well qualified for the place, be
cause, in addition to being a thorough
soldier, with wide experience in Indian
campaign, he has a thorough knowl
edge of law and is well qualified to ex
ercise mixed military and civil duties
as governor of the conquered province.
Steps are being taken to p,ut the cus
toms and postal machinery of the
United States In operation in the sur
rendered territory without delay. A
large force of postal employes accom
panied General Shafter's army from
Tampa, and they have already been at
work handling the mails at the various
camps. They will now establish post
WATSON'S GREAT
SQUADRON WILL
SAIL THIS WEEK
NEW YORK, July 18.— The Herald's
"Washington correspondent sends the
following: Commodore "Watson's for
midable squadron of battleships and
protected and auxiliary cruisers will
leave on Friday or Saturday for Spain.
Additional battleships have been added
to the fleet. These ships are now at
Guantanamo preparing for the voyage
and the work before them, and repairs
are being effected by the engineers on
the repair ship Vulcan.
Department officials trust that all the
battleships will be in condition to join
the Eastern squadron, but should it be
found more repairs are necessary than
can be made those ships so reported on
will be retained under Admiral Samp
son's command. The lowa and Indiana
are reported to be in a very bad con
dition.
Already two of the ships attached to
Commodore Watson's fleet are on their
way to the rendezvous fixed by the de
partment. This rendezvous is at Mole
St. Nicholas, and I understand that
Commodore Watson with the battleship
ZOLO AND PERREUX GO
TO PRISON FOR A YEAR
In Addition Each Must Pay a Fine
of Three Thousr.nd Francs
and Costs.
PARIS. July *".— M Zola and M. Per- i
reux were to-day each sentenced to a |
year's imprisonment, 3000 francs fine, be- |
sides being required to pay the costs of i
the suit against them.
This was the second trial of M. Zola ;
and M. Perreux, the latter the publish-
CT of the Aurore, on the charge of libel j
brought against them by the officers of ;
the Esterhazy courtmartial. When it,
was resumed to-day M. Laborie raised |
several objections to the trial proceed- i
intr all of which the court overruled. |
The public prosecutor charged M. Zola
With shunning the trial, to which his ;
counsel replied: "We will not shun the
trial if we are allowed to bring our
proofs." ,
This statement led to a great uproar in
court and cries of "Down with Zola!"
"Down with the Jews!" "Out of France ,
with them!" v __ . _
After the court had refused to suspend
the trial while the defendants appealed
against the overruling. M. Laborie an
nounced that he would allow judgment by
default and he and the defendants left
the court. The trial then proceeded.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
We are the largest distributors of coffee on the coast. Including 225 gallons
ready to drink, for, the Red Cross ladles this forenoon, but we want to have
more folks know the merit of our, fine coffee and hence make a cut price for
a week beginning to-day.
GREAT COFFEE SALE. PROFITS GIVEN CONSUMERS.
Roast Coffee Quickly Ground to Order or Pulverized— Pure.
' SALE PRICE: SALE PRICE.
. . Pounds - - Pound*
Per lb. for $1 Per lb. for SI
OUR REGULAR JAVA— or . HOTEL BRAND— A splendid, good,
ground to order, 40c value, reg- .. V; ■ fresh ground coffee, mixed. (We
ularly 35c; this week 300 . Zy, grind, roast and mix all our
Same „ coffee, green. ..250i 4\i coffee and guarantee no imitation
OUR FANCY MOCHA GENUINE Bo ™-. and a l substitutes pure and
rinA«?T too value rea-iiinriv <Kn- wholesome.) Regularly 200 lb;
toK.^."?!:!^.!::30c -3V4 thls '~k.. bulk or tin5........V... 1a H0 8
Same coffee, green .................25c 4>i KLONDIKE GROUND COFFEE—
mm FANCY COSTA nifA "• A beautiful and delicious blend.
°ROAST-35c value regularly }>«»»;« sealed tins, regularly 300
this week .....:. f... ...25c 4% Ib : thla week •••• 20c 6
Same coffee, green ...200 5 OUR FAMILY MlXED— Ground,
OUR STANDARD COSTA RICA a smooth drinking coffee, pleases '
ROAST-30C value, regularly 25c; . everybody, . regularly 25c; this
this week ..........;..:. ". .20c 5 week.... .....200 5H
Same coffee, green ..15c T UNION CLUB— people
OUR CREAM : JAVA ROAST come from all over town to drink
> BLEND— popular, .worth 40c, it in our lunch room on sixth
' regularly' 3oc; this week... 250 4^ floor . regularly 30c; this week....250 4X4
None. sold green. :...:  vv:' 7.*7 .* SHIP'S ' COFFEE— Excellent for
OUR KONA 1 . ROAST— Sandwich the money, strong and economl-
Islands, best in the world at any cal, not guaranteed to please
price,, regularly 28c; this week 25c : 4% fine family trade, regularly lie
Same coffee, green ■........'.......... 20c 5& lb; this week .........100 .11
OUR i ORIENTAL JAVA ROAST ■ KINDERGARTEN COFFEE— lc lb
—Very strong, value 35c; regu- ■ royalty paid to kindergarten work ' : "
larly 30c ..:. — ...... ..........;.....250 4% every month, 1-lb cartons, regu- 1
Same coffee, green ......;..... ....20c Oft larly 23c; this week .....ISc 6 *
OUR COSTA RICA ROAST— C GOOD 8 GREEN COFFEE — 10 1.001 .oo
Grade, very sound, sweet and nounds for ill nn
good, guaranteed to please, none 7 17 LBS GRANULATED SUGAR,
better In town at 25c; this week.. 15c 7 17 LBS GRANULATED SUGAR,
Same coffee, green ................ 100 10 BEST ...SI.OO «
Drug Department "B. B.'s." £.fillffilj &£
Moth Balls. 25 in box, for «c _/^- 4 |f^/f ' 3 R -; % I ■ '^^ft^'
Colgate's Perfumes, 25c sires 10c a r '•§ M ; '£L $i a iSB
Colgate's- Black' Harness 50ap.;. ......... ..10c ■ (3 ||i j£| . £jg jjg '.^^^
Toilet ; Cream,' - a 20c • article; \ n0w.; . ....:.... 10c , jo*% : ni jp^ n n —^ miLm '^m. ' *
Fleas Flee Exterminator. 25c; now 10c 01 - /^^ B-B \TllLir
Compound Extract of Celery, $1; now 50c "^ * ■»>»*' ■■ VJr I Vtrt
Fancy Cologne, several 10c styles ..:.:.....5c QK.Q7 jyionlr^t <<- "« c" '
25-27 Market St., 8. F.
offices In Santiago and will open of
fices at other towns and cities in the
surrendered territory as fast as the
military government is extended. All
mail addressed to any points In the
surrendered territory will be treated
as domestic letters and be delivered at
the domestic postage rate— 2 cents for
each ounce in the case of letters.
The same is true as to letters ad
dressed to Cavite, in Manila Bay,
where also a United States postofflce
has been opened. Letters for Cavite
should be addressed "via San Fran
cisco." and those for Santiago or any
point in Eastern Cuba should be ad
dressed "via Key West." The admin
istration is determined to open up the
port of Santiago to commerce without
delay, so that business can resume its
normal course with the least possible
interruption, thus enabling the inhabi
tants to become self-supporting and
making the problem of caring for and
governing the conquered territory
much more simple.
Secretary Gage and the President to
day agreed upon a schedule of customs
to be collected by the military authori
ties and turned into the treasury as a
military contribution. The schedule,
which was telegraphed to Major Gen
eral Shatter to-night, Is practically the
minimum Cuban tariff schedule that
was enforced in Cuba by Spain.
Oregon and cruiser Newark has yone
to that point. They will be followed by
such of the battleships as are pro
nounced in condition to sail, but the
authorities hope that as finally made
up Commodore Watson's fleet will con
sist of these vessels: Battleships Ore
gon, Massachusetts, Indiana, lowa and
Texas; protected cruisers Newark and
New Orleans and auxiliary cruisers
Dixie, Yankee and Yosemite. It will
be determined within the next day or
two whether to further increase the
fleet by adding the cruisers Columbia
and Minneapolis.
From present indications the authori
ties are rather inclined to retain these
vessels on this side of the Atlantic, so
that they may run down any isolated
ship which may be sent by Spain to
prowl along the north Atlantic coast.
As soon as Camara's fleet is destroyed
there is every reason to believe that
Commodore Watson will establish a
base In the Balearic Islands from
which he can operate against Spain.
These islands are in the Mediterranean
and constitute an ideal site from which
to carry on operations against Spanish
ports and Spanish commerce.
SIX HEATS AND NO
WINNER RETURNED
DETROIT, Mich., July 18.— Three great
pacers, Frank Bogash, Rubensteln anu
Bumps, finished the opening day of the
Grand Circuit season each with two lieats
to his credit. The race will be finished to
morrow. Summaries:
2:27 trotting, purse $2500— Angllina won In
straight heats. Best time, 2:1214. Mountain
eer second, Miss Beatrice third. All Day and
Viola B also started.
2:19 pace, stake $2500— Evangellne won first
third and fourth hpats. Best time 210*4 E<i
B Young won second heat in 2:12%. lttle P'jte,
Enparlta and Scapegoat also started
2:04 pacing, purse $2000 (unfinished)—Ruben
stein won third and seventh heats. Time
3:M)(, 2:12> 2 . Frank Bogash won fifth and
sixth heats. Time. 2:07*4. 2:10. Bumps won
first and second heats. Time, 2:07%, 2:07, Che
halis distanced in fifth heat, won fourth heat
in 2:06^4, and Frank Agan also started
Arizona Range Riflemen.
TUCSON. July 18.— Captain Wlrt L.
Hart has about completed the enlistment
of his company of sharpshooters, com
posed of the finest rifle shots of Arizona
The company was christened Nelson A
Miles' Arizona Range Riflemen. Many of
them are experienced Indian fighters.
Captain Hart will offer the company to
the President for immediate service un
der General Miles.HORDES OF WEARY
TREASURE SEEKERS
CAMPED AT DAWSON
Without Knowledge of Mining, Unable
to Get Employment, Thousands
Are in a Sorry Plight.
BY SAM W. WALL.
DAWSON CITY, June 24, via Seattle,
July IS.— Following close upon the heels
of the ice a-s It ran out of the lakes I
arrived in Dawson on the night of June
• ie day that stands in the calendar
i ;' the Yukon from year to year for the
al at this point of the first up
.river boat. I found already tied up at
front the little steamer May West,
Richardson boat that wintered be-
Minook. The still smaller steamer
Victoria, belonging to the Alaska Com
mercial Company party that was lce
1 at Circle City, had already ar
rival and that day left for the Pelly
River with a few pasaeng< ra who were
going out over the Dalton trail. The
May West was listing passengers for
St. Michael. The Porteus B. Weare of
the National Alaska Transportation
Company, that wintered at Circle, had
arrived, discharged cargo and was
away hunting wood. The Bella i>f the
Alaska Commercial Company, which
wintered at Circle, was reported to have
a barge on a bar nrar Circle City
and to have cut loose and pone back to
lin for another cargo.
The river is falling rapidly. It had
: many days ahead of the lakes.
It rose high and flooded all the flat
upon which the business portion of
I )av. and threatened to carry
the city down with it- For several days
the water was knee deep on Front
street and men walked round the bll
llard tables or sat at faro In their
rubber l •:.-, the water above their
ank:
The flood subsided as it had come,
almost In a day, and left Dawson as I
found it, a marvel of new cities.
Wl ted out over the ice In
March last Dawson was a town of
about :.' people. The business portion
consisted mainly of the stores of the
panics, the Alaska Com
mercial and the North American Trad
,:,.i Transportation, together with a
n or nvre saloons and dance houses
which stood in a* frequently broken
line along one side of First avenue or
Front sm-*'t. ihe residence portion was
>up of Joe: cabins on the first rise
of a hill to the northward.
I come back to find both sides of
I street built up almost without a
: for a distance of nearly three
. ot a mile and the business
■ 1 infr> the cross streets and along 1
venue The water front down
on the river Is packed closely for a mile
and a half with boats and barges, two
;>. many of them with
and Hying banners of
new industries — photographers, dentists,
>rs and lawyers — all manner of peo
ple. At the mouth of the Klondike
toward on both sides the tents of
th<* new comers resemble an army in
camp, and northward of the town *. n
the risf> of the hill is another army.
There Major Walsh, commissioner or
rnor of the territory, has pitched
his tent where he can command a view
of the town.
AU the surrounding hillsides that last
winter wore merely wooded spaces are
rapidly being 1 resolved into the City of
Dawson. The trees are down and In
their place stand cabins in all stages
ot construction, most of them on the
simplest architectural plans, but rrhony
being built with a care and neatness
that indicate permanent residence.
Most of the business places on Front
•t are mere rough board or canvas
affairs, put up with regard to speed
rather than appearance or permanency,
but there are a few quite pretentious
buildings of newer order. These are,
without exception, saloons and gam
bling and lodging-houses. Th^y are all
doing a great business.
Front street, long and wide as it is,
is crowded with people at every hour
or the twenty-four, and particularly in
the evening from 5 o'clock until mid-
Ldfe is at high tension. The
great number of new comers is hourly
being increased by the boats and
barges, and the circle of tents widens
daily; saloons and dance houses now
are numbered by the score; the water
s:d" nf Front street resembles the ap
h to a State fair.
In the hastily constructed booths
every line of traffic is represented, mu
g lemonade (at 50 cents a glass),
am, news and peanut stands.
Both sides of the street boast side
walks, but the roadway is axle deep
w!th rr.ud. The street is littered with
: the wreckage of buildings.
The Klondike Nugget and the Yukon
Midnight Sun are two newspapers al
ready established, while at least half
a dozen other plants are here or are
i n the way.
A little steamboat, the Bellingham,
.■mi" down from the lakes, run
ning the rapids successfully, plies hour
;• between the A. C. Company's wharf
end Klondike City, on the other side
of the Klondike, and carries a crowd
Lgera at every trip at $1 a
head.
The camp knows no rest. There are
now twenty-four hours of broad day
light to every day and twenty hours
of warm, bright sunlight. And there
is ;i general Indisposition on the part
of the Inhabitants to sleep. Th» hours
claimed by night in San Francisco —
from 6 o'clock of the evening until 6
of the mornin.g — are the pleasanttSt of
the day, being cooler and the light
Bubdued, although for nine hours
of that time the sun is above the hori
zon. For this reason many sleep dur
ing the warm hours of the day and the
are full of life every hour of
the so-called night.
Thef Is one little pause once a week
In th<' hurlyburly. Commissioner
Walph h;is pronounced a Sunday law.
At 12 o'clock sharp on Saturday, niprht
business BtOps, particularly that of the
saloons, including gambling. in such
prr-.-a respect is this regulation held
that neither friendship, love nor money
can procure a drink over :i bar after
12 o'clock midnight of Saturday or be
fore mi'hiitrht of Sunday. The big Jag
of the week is given these few hours
in which to recover itself and know the
Joy of starting anew.
JJoney or dust flows into town daily
nnd thence finds lodgment across the
bare, or over th«» faro and poker tables.
The two commercial companies get a
big share of it and finally the banks
get some. There are two banks here
now, operating under canvas, both Ca
nadian institutions.
The clean-up on the creeks is some
thing more than half completed and is
suffering a pause for lack of water, odd
as that seems, following so soon after
a Hood. The warm sun of the quick
ly lengthened days turned the snow
into water and the whole ran off with
n rush. Much good dirt was carried
away, dams and sluices broke and
very considerable loss and damage
were suffered. When the water had
gone many of the dumps located so
high as not to make available the
water of the creek were still— and still
remain— unwashed. Theee are now
awaiting some expected August rains.
Whether or not it is because of the
insistent enforcement of the 10 per
cent royalty law by Commissioner
Walsh, I am not at this moment pre
pared to say, but certain it is there is
an air of disappointment in the town
with regard to the gold output. Al
most all now shade down the figures of
their estimate as made early in the
spring. The total is variously placed
at from $10,000,000 to $20,000,000. Alex
ander McDonald, the largest operator
in the district, places it at $20,000,000.
In the spring and before the arrival of
Commissioner Walsh it generally was
believed that the Government would
not enforce the royalty law. This hope
has failed, however, and the exaction
of this big percentage of the output
causes widespread disgust and disap
pointment. Great as the yield is, there
fore, there is a certain sense of depres
sion in the caran. among the miners,
and nowhere is there any disposition to
boom properties that are being worked,
or to give out inflated reports of the
output. Many of the miners have large
indebtednesses to meet and Commis
sioner Walsh allowed them fifteen days
after the completion of the clean up in
which to meet these engagements be
fore making their returns to the Gov
ernment. Royalty has already been
paid into the banks, which are author
ized to make the collection upon $8,000,
000. chiefly taken out of El Dorado
Creek.
It is reasonably certain to say that
the clean-up on the lower Bonanza —
that is. Bonanza below Discovery, from
about 9 below — has been really dis
appointing. Bonanza above Discovery
has more than met expectation; this is
true also of El Dorado.
My estimate of Dominion Creek, as
Riven in The Call of April 19. has been
verified and even emphasized by the
report of the Government inspectors of
the creek — McGregor, Norwood and
Cadenhead. They speak of Dominion
Creek as showinrr the richest prospects
of any of the creek?, so far as develop
ment has sone. The creek Is surveyed
from above Upper Discovery to 120 be
low Lower. The confusion which re
sulted fmm the recording of the dis
coveries on this creek and which has
resulted in tying up some of the best
property on the creek, is now about to
be adjusted. Gold Commissioner Faw
cett began the hearing of the cose this
morning. The sworn testimony of
every claim owner on the creek will be
taken. The discovery will be fixed
from this and as betweeen
the several overlapping claims will be
rendered and the property thfe re
leased from embarrassment and set on
the road toward speedy development.
Sulphur Creek is turning out fully as
rich as its early prospects indicated.
These creeks are still in the prospecting
stage and should they fulfill their prom
ise they will be sufficient alone to sus
tain the camp at Dawson for several
years.
The two river steamers of the North
American Trading and Transportation
Company, the Hamilton and the Por
te us B. Weare, now at the docks.pre
paring to go down the river, will carry
with them about four millions in gold.
The total shipment of gold to the
outside is most difficult to arrive at,
but will not fall short of eight millions.
Porteus B. Weare, head of the
North American Transportation Com
pany, who has just arrived via Dyea,
is making a general survey of the sit
uation, and is much pleased with all
the indications. He started up the
creeks this morning.
So much for that picture. Now for
this:
Ten thousand people on the way to
Dawson or already crowding its streets
feel the touch of the depression that is
here, despite the heaps of gold in sight.
The throng is depressed because of its
own greatness. So many new comers
are here that they cannot see how it
may be possible to supply all with
work. They feel that anything less
than overleaping the output must re
sult in a cut of wages at least, if not
a lack of work for many.
Many of these new comers are of the
most helpless character, and already
grave forecastings are made concern
ing thorn anent the long winter that is
coming. It is pitiful to see them sit
ting in their boats along the water
front, at the end of their long and hur
ried journey, utterly at a loss what to
do now that they arc here.
The gold commissioner is hourly be
sieged by men asking him to please tell
them where there is a creek upon
which they can stake a gold mine.
Numbers of the more alert new com
ers, men who came into the country
with a .sturdy purpose to mine, are, af
ter a short stay here, passing by Daw
son and hurrying down to the plentiful
diggings on the American side.
The American side, broadly speak
ing, is enjoying a boom. Every day
sees the interest in the diggings grow,
as the most encouraging reports are
brought here. New diggings are re
ported in the old Forty Mile District,
said to be very rich. Big prospects
have been found and much prospecting
is being" done on American Creek. So
great if the rush down there that a
number of new towns have been start
ed, the newest among them being Eagle
City, at the mouth of Mission Creek,
into which American Creek flows. Star
City was the original of the place, but
it was so badly washed out by the
spring flood that the inhabitants
moved up the river a little way to
higher ground and called the new lo
cation Eagle.
A big stampede went down from here
B month ago, not only to locate mining
claims, but to stake town lots at thp
mouth of Mission Creek. It is pro
posed to control the old and new Forty
Mile District from Eagle City by an
all-American route. By going up Mis
sion Creek and crossing an easy divide,
the head waters of Forty Mile Creek
are entered upon. As all the rich
diggings of this district, together with
the newly discovered diggings on its
tributaries, are in American territory.
It is easy to understand this effort to
THE SAX FRANCISCO CAKL, TUESDAY, JULY 19, 1898.
place the supply depot on the Ameri
can side.
Many miners are going down to Ram
part City and the Minook diggings, up
the Tanana and the Koyukuk. Cap
tain W. H. Geiger has taken his little
steamer St. Michael to the mouth of
the river for a cargo and will return
and go up the Koyukuk with as many
passengers as he can carry.
Considerable anxiety is felt concern
ing the boats that are coming up the
river, especially the boats of the new
companies. The old companies are
said to have secured all the best pilots
on the river for their service and to
have control of the wood cut last win
ter—what of it there is left, for the
flood carried away a great part of that
which was cut by the Indians and the
unprovisioned contingent between here
and Fort Yukon.
The fact that so many boats on the
river between these two points have
run aground gives excuse for this an
xiety. The May West has made a good
escape. She brought twenty-six very
forlorn-looking passengers Into port
with her. They had been wintering
away down the river and put in most of
the time worrying the captain. He
had guaranteed to land them at Daw
son and to feed them until he did so.
He had not counted on being caught in
the ice 1000 miles from his destination
and he was short of food for the filling
of his contract. Some of his passen
gers had a mortgage on his boat and
they threatened to tie her up here, or
at Circle City. Captain Worth, a hale
and hearty man at St. Michael last
summer, arrived here a haggard and
broken-down man, having lost forty
two pounds in weight since his cruise
beeran. Of all the trouble that the
frozen river witnessed last winter in all
its great length. Captain Worth says
his own case was the worst. He would
not go through it again for a fortune.
The difficulty with the passengers
was adjusted here and the boat re
leased to go and work out her indebted
ness. Besides Captain Worth and
Steward Harry Gifford, she brought the
following pasengers who had wintered
with her:
11. H. Honnen, John Tyler, James Carr,
Frank Hoor. Harry Numan, J. A. Ander
son, Mr. Peterson, Mr. Clark, all of
Seattle; Henry Shoemaker of Grass Val
ley, Cal.; James Flanner, Helena, Mont.;
Mr. Adams, New York; Will Lindsay.
Port Townsend; John Miller and Fred
Heath, Taooma; Al Mole, Denver; Will
Campbell and Will Dwyer, Leadville:
Mr. Scott. Mr. Cole, Mr. Robbins, Mr.
Schulte and Mr. Dunham, San Francisco;
Frank Holt, California; Mr. Todd, Oak
land; Charles Range, Idaho, and Alex Mc-
Donald, Michigan.
On her return trip down the river she
took seventy passengers, the first to
seek the outside by way of the mouth
of the river this year. Many of them
are miners and they took out consider
able treasure, but how much it was im
possible to learn from them here ns
they greatly fear an attack upon the
boat.
Captain Ray and others who have
been watching people and events down
the river this winter are convinced that
there is an organized gang of thugs
which has been planning for sudden
riches in that way and that an attempt
to hold-up the boats may be looked for
and should be guarded against.
The steamer Victoria, having re
turned from her first run to Pelly River,
left last evening for the Pelly again,
carrying some seventy passengers.
They will be met at the Dalton trail by
saddle horses and expect to reach salt
water in eleven days from this date.
The little steamer A. J. Goddard of
the Upper Yukon Company arrived two
days ago direct from Bennett. She
starts to-night on her return.
The special war edition of The Call
came in from Dyea in eight days.
Crossing the mountains, taking boat at
Ltnderman, making the portage from
Llnderman to Bennett, taking boat
again at Bennett and rowing against a
head wind almost all the way, but keep
ing at the oars day and night, two men,
one resting and sleeping while the other
worked, brought this great edition and
the Calls were on sale In the streets of
Dawson on the eighth day after they left
the ocean front at Dyea and brought
the first big news of the war to Dawson.
I arrived at Lake Linderman on the
18th of May. to find it still icebound.
I remained there and at Lake Bennett
ten days and still the ice remained. I
returned over the Chilkoot Pass to get
a later edition of the paper than I car
ried in the first instance, and with it
left Dyea on the afternoon of June 7
and arrived in Dawson the night of the
15th. The ice had been out of Bennett
several days when I arrived there the
second time.
I passed more than two thousand
boats on the way down. At Tagish,
where a stop was required by the
Northwest mounted police, the bank
was fringed with boats for a mile. At
the head of Lake Labarge they were
tied up for two miles. A strong head
wind was blowing and no man would
start out on the thirty miles of water
in the face of it: so they had been as
sembling there for three days.
Suddenly the wind changed and a
thousand sails were lifted almost in
concert. In a half hour the whole face
of the lake was dotted with every va
riety of craft and sail. Soon the line
stretched as the speedier got away, and
extended as far into the distance as
the eye could see.
It was a brave, stirring picture, the
seemingly unnumbered sails careening
before the wind over the swelling sur
face of the water.
Somewhere in the crowd, a cornet in
the hands of some one who knew how
to play it sent "The Star Spangled
I Banner" floating across the lake. Not
i a sound broke in upon it from the first
' note to the finish. But before that
I wonderful echo of Lake Labarge had
finished its repetition a cheer ran down
• the whole length of that moving line.
i Then it came back to the starting
point and returned down again. Again
I and aernin it made the circuit, each
I time with new enthusiasm until the
cornist struck in with the first notes
of "Hail Columbia." He was listened
to intently as before, and at the con
clusion the seen» was repeated, and m
this inspiring way Lake Labarge was
crossed.
And no man who was thei c will ever
forget that scene. Indeed, the same
may be said of the whole :un down.
The crush was so great at the canyon
and White Horse that the procession
through those dangerous waters was
almost continuous. Th» banks on b<~>th
sides of the river below the White
Horse were strewn for a mile with
wrecked boata and goods laid out to
dry.
C. J. Harmon and J. Boyd, both of
Pan Francisco, were drowned there on
June fi.
In Thirty Mile River I counted the
wrecks of twenty-two boats. The
smokestack of the little steamer Kala
mazoo was protruding above the water
just below a certain rock about mid
way down and famous among those
who travel that river.
This is a strange land. Just now it is
a land of summer and sunshine. The
banks of the great river are abloom
with wild flowers. The sun does not
set and the birds do not sleep, but sing
always.
Following immediately upon a great
outflow of ice a fleet of five thousand
boats sails down the Yukon in search of
gold, and the prow of almost every one
of them bears a woman's name. It is
by these signs that they dare— "Sadie."
"Marie," "Helen," "Catherine," "Mary."
Ah, summer and winter, this is one of
the great spectacles in the long story of
the world. And it is all summed up in
the name of the boat. This is the why
of this tremendous hazard of new for
tunes.
OUTPUT ESTIMATED
BY A DAWSON BANKER
VANCOUVER, B. C. July 18.—Wil
liam Godfeey, local manager for the
Bank of British North America, to-day
received an official communication from
the branch at Dawson City, which was
opened on May 19, it being the first
bank to commence business in the Yu
kon district. D. Doig, who was sent up
as manager of the bank, claims to have
thoroughly looked into .mining condi
tions since his arrival and he does not
think the output will be much more
than $7,000,000 to $10,000,000 this year.
He bases his low estimate on the fact
that many good mines have not been
worked, miners early in the winter hav
ing been driven up to Circle City by the
famine. Gold is passing as currency,
he says, at $17 an ounce. When the
mines are thoroughly worked the clean
up will be enormous. Already the Gov
ernment had collected $400,000 in
royalty.
Manager Doig writes that the Bank
of British North America is doing busi
ness in a large tent with a wooden floor.
It is constructing a two-story building
of logs and pays $9 each for the logs.
Twenty-five thousand people were in
Dawson on June 2S, the day the letter
was written.
CARRIED INTO
THE COURTS
Los Angeles Monopoly's
New Move.
WAS GRANTED AN INJUNCTION
CITY MAT NOT SEIZE THE WA
TER PLANT.
Mayor Snyder Will Direct Citizens
to No Longer Pay the Company
for the Water They
Consume.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, July 18.— The Los
Angeles City Water Company to-da y
applied for and was granted a tem
porary Injunction restraining- the Mayor
and Council from taking possession of
the water company's plant on the ex
piration of the thirty-year lease next
Saturday. The order is returnable on
Monday, when an application will be
made for a permanent injunction, i
Should the city fail to answer at that |
time the water company asks the court
to proceed to name arbitrators to llx '
the value of the company's plant and to
enter judgment for the amount of the
value so determined.
The Injunction proceedings are no
surprise to Mayor Snyder and the Cit^
Council, as they were expected. Tue
city will answer next Monday and ask
to have the proceedings dismissed. It
is understood that on Saturday nflXt
the Mayor will issue a proclamation di
recting the citizens to no longer pay
rates to the water company for water
consumed, but to pay the amount into
♦he city treasury. The water company
officials say that if this is done they
will cut off service from consumers
failing to pay to their representatives
the regular rates. This is liable to
cause complications.
The City Council to-day la'i all the
water propositions, Including that of
Kessler & Co., on the table, except the
one matter of selecting the city's arbi
trator, who is to be one of three to de
termine the value of the watt?r com
pany's improvements. This action was
expected and clears the deck Tor some
procedure along the lines of municipal
ownership.
An ordinance was introduced In the
Council providing for and creating a
municipal water department of the city
government. It is quite lengthy and
detailed. It provides for the carrying
on of a municipal water plant, the col
lection of rates at the present figures
and for the maintenance of the sys
tem. This ordinance was presented
by the City Attorney and was in the
nature of a surprise.
A mass meeting of Democrats was
held to-night at Turn Verein Hall, at
tended by about 200 people. The ob
ject was to condemn the Democratic
City Committee for indorsing the Kess
ler proposition, and resolutions to that
effect were adopted. A. R. Burke acted
as chairman of the meeting. Consid
erable bitterness was aroused by the
speeches. Frank James was in favor
of having an investigation made, and,
if it was found that any members of
the committee had been unduly influ
enced by coin, he wanted them read
out of the party.
Judge A. J. King made a bitter
speech denunciatory of the action of
the committee, which he styled the
basest treachery. Members of the
committee present were accorded a
hearing after loudly demanding it, and
Earl Rotrers defended their conduct.
He admitted, however, that he believed
the action indorsing the Kessler prop
osition was a mistake. The action of
the city committee has hopelessly di
vided the Democratic party in this city.
The Republican committee, the Un
ion Reform League and the League for
Better City Government have declared
against the Kessler scheme.
TO UNITE THEIR VAST
FORTUNES BY MARRIAGE
Rumor That William Waldorf Astor
and the Widow Goelet Are
to Wed.
NEW YORK. July IS.— Rumor Is cur
rent that William Waldorf Astor and
Mrs. Ogden Goelet are to unite their for
tunes by marriage. Mr*. Goelet has just
ended her year of widowhood. A first
cousin of Mr. Astor, Mips Caroline Astor,
married Marshall Orme Wilson, Mrs.
Goelet's brother.
"Soapy" Smith Interred.
VICTORIA, July 18.— Word was received
from the north by the steamer Tees to
night that the body of "Soapy" Smith
was interred a week ago last Sunday.
Friends of the deceased had planned to
have the body embalmed and taken East,
but the vigilance committee at Skaguay
had the body removed in an express
wagon to the little cemetery back of town
and there consigned to mother earth. No
religious service was conducted.
AGNEWS RING FINDS
ESCAPE CUT OFF
CANNOT AVOID
AN INQUIRY
Charges Filed Against
Tourtillott and Mrs.
Madigan.
Charles L. Williams Formally
Accuses the Attaches of
Immoral Conduct.
SAN JOSE, July 18.— Formal charges
were filed to-day against T. T. Tourtll
lott, secretary to the medical superin
tendent of the Agnews State Hospital,
and against Mrs. Madigan, one of the
attendants at the same institution.
The communication containing the
charges was put into the mail this
afternoon and addressed to T. S. Mont
gomery, secretary of the board of man
agers, by Charles L. Williams, husband
of the young woman who alleged in an
affidavit that she was discharged from
the asylum on the demand of Frank
H. Gould, because she knew too much
about Tourtillott, who is a half-brother
of Gould, and Mrs. Madigan.
This clears the way of all technicali
ties and throws the doors open to the
most sweeping of investigations. Here
tofore it has been the excuse of the
Gould majority of the board that It
would be useless to call a special ses
sion of the board to Investigate the
many recent charges against attaches
of the asylum, because no charges had
been formally filed. The Issue now has
been fairly and squarely presented to
the directors, and how they will meet
It remains to be seen.
Mr. Williams' charges not only are
clear and specific, but his communica
tion gives a list of eight witnesses, who
will, It is asserted, prove "valuable and
important." His action was hastened
by the attack made by Gould on all
who had dared to utter a word of criti
cism on the present administration at
Agnews.
Mr. Williams' views on the present
situation are best told in his own
words. He said:
"That was a remarkable reflection of
Mr. (Jould when he said that those who
are out are doing all the kicking and
attempting to slander his good brother.
The whole object of the dictatorial ad
ministration has been to proscribe
those who murmur. 'Open your mouth
against me or mine, and you take a
hasty walk down the avenue with your
grip, 1 has been the programme carried
out In every instance.
"None know this better than those
who are filling positions in the State
Hospital under the present regime.
I This very trouble, this miserable con-
I dition of affairs is solely due to the ef
j forts of Director Gould to compel
j every one to bow and cringe before
him. This is the root of all the mischief.
"Director Gould in his interview in
The Call says: 'The reason these so
called scandals have arisen is that in
competent, untruthful and vicious peo
ple have been turned out to make room
for competent, truthful and kindly per
sons. It has been one continual strug
gle for the board of directors for more
than a year past to counteract the evil
influences of persons here, most diffi
cult at times to identify. There is not
a statement made derogatory to this
institution that is not supported by the
statements of people discharged from
here because of their lncompetency, un
truthfulness or cruelty.'
"I shall submit at the forthcoming In
vestigation a number of recomenda
tions which were given where Mrs.
Williams is concerned. These are
the recommendations I refer to,"
said Mr. Williams, as he pro
duced three letters. "These re
commendations are from Dr. F.
W. Hatch, formerly medical superin
tendent at Agnews, and now a member
of the State Lunacy Commission; from
Dr. J. R. Curnow, chairman of the
board of managers of the Agnews State
Hospital, and from Dr. Leonard Stock
ing, senior assistant physician at the
hospital. They show that during the
seven years Mrs. Williams was employ
ed at Agnews she established an en
viable record on the very points
charged against her by Director Gould.
The recommendations are as follows:
Office of the Trustees of the State Insane
Asylum at Agnews.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 25. 1898.
To Whom It May Concern: This is to
certify that Mrs. Charles Williams (nee
Barnhlsel) has been employed in the State
Insane Hospital at Agnews for the past
seven years, four years of that time as
night attendant or night watch, during
all of which time she performed her du
ties faithfully and conscientiously. She
showed a kindness and a sympathy that
was always attractive to insane patients,
and consequently always gave her great
influence over them. I,- therefore, cheer
fully recommend her as a good, faithful
and capable nurse. J. R. CURNOW,
Chairman Board of Managers, Agnews
Insane Asylum, Cal.
SACRAMENTO. May 31. 1898.
To Whom It May Concern: The bearer,
Mrs. Charles Williams, was employed as
an attendant upon the insane and as
night attendant at the Agnews State Hos
pital during my term as medical director
of that institution. She was an efficient
attendant, willing and Industrious, kind
to those under her. Respectfully,
F. W. HATCH, M. Ef.
Apnews State Hospital,
AGNEWS. May 16. IS9B.
Mrs. Olivia B. Williams was an employe
in this hospital for more than seven
years, leaving the service but recently.
For several years she occupied the re
sponsible position of night watch or
nurse.
She is a woman of excellent character.
intelligent and of a kindly disposition. I
always found her truthful, reliable, con
scientious in the discharge of duties and
very kind and attentive to patients.
I commend her to the considerate at
tention of any one to whom she may pre
sent this letter, confident she will prove
trustworthy in any position she may be
placed. v LEONARD STOCKING,
Senior Assistant Physician.
Continuing his statement, Mr. Wil
liams said:
"But, as a more conclusive vindica
tion of the character and reputation of
Mrs. Williams, I have to-day filed for
CASTORIA
For Infanta and Children,
The fee- /?
FORMAL ACCUSATION FILED
WITH THE ASYLUM BOARD
SANTA CLARA. July 18. 1898.
To the Honorable Board of Managers Agncws State Hospital, Ag
news, Cal. — Sirs: I have the unpleasant duty before me of caliing the
attention of your honorable body to matters that have come to my
knowledge from what I consider a thoroughly reliable source, which go
to show that two of the employes of the Agnews State Hospital under
your charge have been guilty of What, to put it in the mildest possible
form, was a course of conduct highly improper and open to the gravest
suspicions, while at the same time it was a flagrant violation of certain
rules and regulations of the Agnews State Hospital.
The two employes referred to are Mr. T. T. Tourtillott. secretary to
the medical superintendent of the hospital, and Mrs. K. Madigan, head
attendant in one of the wards of the hospital.
The acts complained of in connection with the said Mr. Tourtillott
and the said Mrs. Madigan are that the latter at unseemly hours of the
night on various occasions was found in the room of the former; that
the said Mr. Tourtillott and the said Mrs. Madigan have been discovered
together in other apartments than their own in the Agnews State Hos
pital at late hours of the night, and that the said Mr. Tourtillott was
discovered in an attempt to surreptitiously leave the room of the said Mrs.
Madigan about 5 o'clock in the morning of a certain day in February.
Such conduct being subversive of good morals and discipline and
therefore decidedly injurious to the welfare and good reputation of an
institution charged with the care of some 900 unfortunate men and
women. I feel it incumbent upon me to place these matters before your
honorable board, coupled with the request that you immediately begin a
thorough, sweeping and conscientious investigation of this matter and
such other irregularities and offenses in connection with the administra
tion of affairs at the Agnews State Hospital as may be developed in the
course of the investigation of the charges herein specified.
For the purpose of aiding you in this matter I herewith submit a list
of the names of people, who, according to my best information, will prove
valuable and important witnesses. These witnesses are:
T. T. Tourtillott, secretary to the medical superintendent at the hos
ptial.
Mrs. Kate Madigan, attendant at the hospital.
Miss Ella Ro-se, formerly matron at the hospital.
Mrs. Z. B. White, attendant at the hospital.
F. P. Kerns, outside night watch at the hospital.
Miss Rose Ryan, assistant attendant at the hospital.
Mrs. M. D. Chaplin, formerly an attendant at the hospital.
Mrs. Olivia B. Williams, formerly night watch in the female depart
ment at the hospital.
Yours sincerely. CHARLES L. WILLIAMS.
mal charges against Mr. T. T. Tour
tillot and Mrs. Madigan. I have de-
Blgnedly made the charges broad and
sweeping in order that there may be
no excuse for attempting to cover up
anything or attempting to shield any
body.
"I wish at this time to place myself
right in reference to my action in seek
ing 1 to have my wife reinstated at the
asylum. My action "vvas called into
question at the last board meeting by
Dr. Curnow. He asked me why I again
desired to place my wife in a position
where she would be subjected to in
sult and distasteful treatment. I am
now free to explain that I simply
wished to put the board on record, and
this I have accomplished. Had Mrs.
Williams been reinstated she would
have resigned immediately. What we
sought was a vindication of her com
petency and character and mental con
dition. It will be remembered that
Mr. Gould claimed that she was suf
fering under mental hallucinations
when she alleged she saw the misdo
ings of Mr. Tourtillott and Mrs. Madi
gan. I think that we will be able to
fully establish all that w r e desire before
If you are weak get strength. If you are puny become manly.
Why not? Do you begin to believe that you cannot be helped? If
so you are WRONG. "Hudyan" has saved — absolutely SAVED—
over 20,000 men. Are you content to think you are the weakest man
EVER born? "Hudyan" will make you a big, strong and a healthy
man again if you will give it the opportunity. Circulars and testimonials
about it are free. " Hudyan " not only produces sweet, refreshing sleep,
but it stops the cause of the disease in a week. Manliness and man-
hood are youis if you will have them. You may be afraid that you have
abused your big powers instead of using them sensibly. Perhaps you
have. But "Hudyan" makes up for waste. All organs of the body are
restored to good condition by it
BUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE, Stockton,* Market and Ellis Sts.. Sag Francisco.
"I fcnow a Mrs. Curry, who lives in Tennessee," said the
Professes "who never had any trouble with her health, aside
from rheumatism, until after she was Sixty years of age, but
then theie came some derangement of the digestive organs, and
at the suggestion of her daughter, with whom she was living,
she tried Ripans Tabules and was benefited immediately. Now
she kecpu them in the house all the time, and generally takes
on* just after eating. She finds that it cures any irregularities
of the bowels, and says that, in her opinion, no family should
ever be without a supply of Ripans Tabules in the house"
we are through, if we get anything like
fair treatment.
"I have no hesitation in saying that
it has been Mr. Gould's policy in deal
ing with my wife any many other asy
lum employes to tear them down with
the erroneous idea that by so doing he
builds himself up.
"If I find I cannot get fair treatment
before the board, I shall carry the mat
ter directly to the Governor, as I am
determined not to allow my wife to
rest under the imputations that have
been cast upon her."
HEALDSBUBG INCENDIABIES.
Two Men Accused of Having Started
a Conflagration.
HEALDSBURG. July 18.— A cottagd
owned by Mr. Wheeler in North Healds
burg was burned to the ground last night
at about midnight. The fire was of Incen
diary origin, and Samuel and Robert Sin
clair are now in the city jail charged witn
the crime. The property formerly be
longed to the Sinclair family. The a*-
rested men claim to have been swindled
out of their interest in it. They had
openly made threats of destroying th»
property.
34
ARE LOYAL TO
THEIR PASTOR
Mr. Hudson Supported
by His Friends.
SANTA ROSA'S CHURCH WAR
OVEB A HUNDRED MEMBERS
WITHDRAW.
Indorse the Advanced Ideas of the
Deposed Minister and Will
Organize a New Con
gregation.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
SANTA ROPA, July 18.— The dis
sension in the First Christian Church
of this city has culminated in a rupture.
Over one hundred members have with
drawn from the church and they will
at once perfect a new organization.
When at the last regular business
meeting of the church body it was de
cided, by the narrow margin of two
votes, not to renew the call of the
pastor, Rev. Jay William Hudson, it
was predicted the action would divide
the congregation. Rev. Mr. Hudson
was deposed by the efforts of certain of
the more conservative members of his
flock who were of the opinion that his
views on certain orthodox questions
were too advanced. The presentation
yesterday of a letter of formal with
drawal, signed by 101 of the most prom
inent member?, evidences that the be
lief was based upon more than idle
rumor.
At the meeting held two weeks ago,
when It was finally decided not to re
new the call, Mr. Hudson, with charac
teristic firmness, during the course of
a strong speech said:
On this principle of liberty of thought
I stand to-night, and If I am again called
to the pulpit of this church I want it to
bo on this principle on which my coun
try is founded, and which should he the
only creed of the church universal. If
you cannot give me the liberty of my
Individual conscience I ask you to extend
me no call, for I can give to the world
no less grand principle.
The result of the vote, which showed j
that of the members present 7S were
against and 76 in favor of Mr. Hudson
and his Ideas, occasioned the warmest
discussion. Friends of the pastor openly \
charged that the meeting had been
"packed" with members who had not ;
been in the church for years and who
were not even acquainted with Mr.
Hudson. It was declared that had it
been generally known such action was
contemplated the pastor's friends could
have had out enough members to make
the vote two to one in his favor. This
was denied by the opposition.
A few days ago Mr. Hudson, hearing
that certain members were contemplat
ing withdrawing their membership
from the church, addressed to them the I
following letter. It failed to change
their plans, however, as subsequent
events proved:
To Members of the First Christian
Church: Information has reached me
concerning the intention of many influ
ential members and workers of the First
Christian Church to withdraw from that
body because of it 6 recent action regard
ing a principle for which I have stood. I
urge you to consider well the step you
are contemplating. If you can consist
ently remain in the church and work with
its mf-mber? In harmony I would earnest
ly counsel you, regardless of myself, in
the interest of unity to remain.
If, on the other hand, after careful con
sideration, you find it impossible to con
tinue in harmony «"ith the church in its
present policy, an*' If your withdrawal
Is occasioned by j r continued loyalty
to this principle o. berty, I cannot but
leave the matter to your individual con
sciences, knowing that principle is more
than church and character than creed.
Sincerely, your pastor,
JAY WILLIAM HUDSON.
The following is the letter of with
drawal. When it was presented yes
terday Mr. Hudson, who was then of
ficiating for the last time, spoke strong
ly against church divisions, but said he
felt compelled to accord to all the same
right to freedom of thought in this mat
ter that he claimed in ail things:
We, tho under^gned, workers and mem
bers of the Christian church, believing
that the action of the church at its re
cent annual meeting is contrary to ob- |
vious Justice, as well as the cherished
principles of liberty of conscience, and
feeling that said action must Irretrievably
prevent our future work from partaking
of the measure of true success it has
known in the sacrifice of the past year,
desire peacefully to withdraw our mem
bership, and do now ask that letters of
dismissal be issued to us at the close of
the present year — Sunday, July 31, 189S:
Annie Williamson, Minnie Hickman, Erne
Bcribner, Edna RatHfC. Vlrpie Ratlin*,
Mrs. J. E. Berry, Retha Pedigo, Liota
Pedigo, Mrs. Louisa Pedigo, Mrs. Con
stantine, i,ulu Constantine, Mrs. R. B.
Allen Mrs. Juanita Griffith, Mrs. G. W.
Wheeler, Robert Wheeler, Juanita Wheel
er, Wilbur Rea, Louisa McDougal, Mrs.
James McDougall, Mrs. Herman Hankelf
Anita Carillo Benicia Carrillo, E. M.
Brown, Mrs. E. M. Brown, Lawrence
Chenoweth, Mrs. J. W. Farnham, Mrs. J.
D. Wadsworth, Lydia Gore, Mrs. J. Pur
cell, Flora Ford, Eveline Ford, Emma
Ford, Robert Eveleth. Mrs. J. A. Eveleth,
Miss Rickliff, Katie McElany, Elsie Mc-
Elany Annie Busman, Barton England,
Mrs. B. England, Ethel England, Mrs.
Will England, Mary Belle England,
Baaha E. Thompson, Carrie E. Gall, W.
A. Nagle, Mrs. John M. Laughlln. B.
F. Hall. Mrs. J. W. Hall, Mrs. Louisa A.
Cook, Daisy E. Cook, Minnie Reeder, Mrs.
Mary E. Reeder, Jidana Davidson, Bes
sie Ropers, Mrs. Harry E. Hulbert, Mary
W. Hulbert. F. L. Eels, Mrs. Laura
Eels, J. Alice Hulbert, Mrs. Belle Dough
erty, Mrs. Caroline Prager, Mrs. A. J
Pool, Mrs. E. J. Geiger. Mrs. A. Near,
Mrs. Nora Near, Lena Hudson. Eva Den
nis, Mrs. M. Armstrong, J. Myrtle Sel
vage, Mrs. Abbie S. Selvage, Mrs. Robert
Ross, Mrs. J. A. Evelette, Jennie Ross,
Louise Ross, Mrs. Cynthia Toney, Mrs.
Lottie Adams, Mrs. E. M. Dearborn, Mrs.
J. G. Woodward, Mrs. J. E. Montgomery,
Mrs. Florence Cromwell, Pearl Cromwell!
Ella i^ozad, John Cozad, Mrs. Frank Mc-
Gregor. Mrs. Adelia A. Nowell, Mrs. Lot
tie Ogan, Pearl Ogan, Ansel Hurlbert
Mrs. Ansel Hurlbert. Mrs. D. W. Kldd
Mrs. M. Kline Lena Kline, Mrs. S. L.
Brown. Emma Nowell, Ivan Heckman
and Hettle Morse.
Since the publication of the news
that Mr. Hudson had failed to receive
a call on account of his advanced views,
as published in The Call of several days
ago, that gentleman has received many
letters from prominent personages com
mendatory of his stand. It is generally
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Few people know the
comfort and beauty of
perfect natural skin.
Have you used Pears'
soap?
REV. JAY WILLIAM HUDSON.
understood that Mr. Hudson will be
asked to assume charge of the new con
gregation.
The so-called "advanced ideas" of
Rev. Mr. Hudson, which were the cause
of the rupture, relate to his belief as to
the hereafter. He refuses to be bound
by what he considers the too narrow
creed of the church. For example, he
is willing to admit that others may be
saved than those who subscribe to the
Christian church doctrines and even
many who do not belong to or attend
any church. He insists that each one
is "personally responsible to God for his
belief; that Individual conscience and
SOME LABOR,
MUCH GAYETY
Life of the Cadets at
Santa Rosa.
DRILLS AND SIGHT SEEING
PRACTICAL JOKERS ABROAD IN
THE CAMP.
Colonel Sullivan Pleased With the
Interest Taken by the Young
Men in Their Military
Duties.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
CAMP MONTGOMERY, Santa Rosa,
July 18.— To the tap of the military
drum the three battalions of the League
of the Cross Cadets returned from bat
talion drill this morning to their camp
after two hours' hard work and in
struction from Colonel Sullivan. They
were then dismissed until dress parade.
The most popular forms of amuse
ment seem to be riding and driving,
while a number of the cadets rent bi
cycles and pay the surrounding coun
try a visit. The discipline in camp is
perfect and Colonel Sullivan is deeply
gratified at the Interest the boys take
in their work. A striking example is
the conduct of the Bcapegoats who find
themselves in the guard house. They
are put at hard work policing the camp,
but none of them have made a com
plaint. They all admit that they should
i not have got into the guard house, and
as they are there they had better makd
■ the best of it.
The Santa Rosa Catholic Ladies' Aid
Society will give a reception and dance
to-morrow night at Ridgway Hall.
Company G, under the command of
Captain E. J. Power, will open the pro
gramme with an exhibition drill. Miss
M. Carroll, the president of the society,
is assisted on the committee by Miss
Waver, Miss Duyan and Miss L. Au
brey.
On Friday evening Colonel Sullivan,
accompanied by his field and staff of
ficers, will visit Sebastopol. They will
be accompanied by the regimental
band, the Glee Club and a few of the
boys with dramatic talent, and will
give an entertainment in the town at
the request of the Rev. Father Rogers
to raise funds to assist in the building
of a new church.
Friday Captain J. T. Curley of Com
pany B was officer of the day, and
Lieutenants Mclntyre and Dixon offi
cers of the guard.
A number of the field and staff offi
cers visited Mark West Springs to-day.
The party consisted of Majors D. J.
McGloin, W. J. McCarthy Captain J.
P. Duffy, Surgeon and Major Glannini,
Captain D. J. McCarthy, Lieutenant
\V. Kelly, J. J. Crowley. J. A. Watts,
H. J. Mahony, Captain E. Power, Ser
geants J. Dougherty and Conlan.
Company H marched down to the
I depot to-day to act as a farewell es
cort to Its popular captain, J. E.
Power, who was compelled to return to
| San Francisco. Lieutenant J. Keating
I will be in command of the company
during the captain's absence.
Private J. E. Welch of Company D
has been appointed colonel's orderly for
the week.
The regiment will break camp on
Sunday, July 24, leaving Santa Rosa on
a special train at about 4:15 p. m.
James Brady, corporal of Company C,
is dangerously ill in the hospital. His
temperature last night was 104.
The Glee Club is rehearsing for an
entertainment to be given at the Met
ropolitan Temple in San Francisco on
or about August 5 by the Catholic
Ladles' Aid Society In aid of Its work
at Camp Merritt.
Fell Under the Wheels.
PETALUMA, July IS.— Dave Parrel, a
young man who resides near Freestone,
while attempting to board the 7:30 north
bound passenger train at the depot her»
last night, missed his footing and fell un
der the cars. The wheels passed over one
or his legs above the ankle, crushing it
to a pulp. The limb waa amDUtated,
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 19, 1898.
i Interpretation of Biblical doctrine
| should be the guide in life and that
I no person or set of persons has a divine
right to legislate for any other.
Mr. Hudson's personal worth and ex
! emplary life have endeared him to
j many people. When he took charge of
j the church he found the former pastor's
' salary was sonje $700 in arrears. In or
: der to clear up the books he contributed
! $150 from his $750 salary' toward the de
j flciency, although the former pastor's
salary was $1200, and his own hardly
| sufficient for his own needs. This is
; but one instance of his self-denial on
j behalf of his flock.
ENDS AN AGED
HERMIT'S LIFE
Tragedy on a Monterey
Ranch.
FIRES IN SELF-DEFENSE
YOUNG MEXICAN SPEEDS A
FATAL BULLET.
Attacked by an Old "Squatter" Who
Resented His Attempt to
Take Up Government
Land.
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
MONTEREY, July 18.— Vicente Esco
bar, a Mexican, employed on one of
the Sargent ranches near this place,
shot and killed Panciano Manjares, an
aged Mexican hermit, to-day and im
mediately came to Monterey to give
himself up to the officers. The trouble
arose over a land claim which Escobar
had taken up and which Manjares dis
puted.
Escobar, accompanied by Joe An
dratte, was passing through a portion
of Sargent's San Franciscito Rancho at
about 9 o'clock this morning, on his
way to his own claim five miles further
on, when he was stopped by Manjares
and told to get out. The old man swore
he would allow no man to take up a
claim in that locality, and If Escobar
did not at once turn back he would
kill him. Manjares then disappeared,
and Escobar, knowing his assailant to
be a man of ugly temperament, went
on rapidly toward his claim.
While they were stopping to cook
breakfast the two men saw Manjares
approach with a rifle. As he drew near
he leveled it at Escobar. Andratte en
deavored to argue with Manjares, but
the latter was thoroughly enraged and
declared that if Escobar did not move
at once he would shoot Andratte
rushed forward to get possession of the
rifle, but was pushed aside, and Just as
Manjares pulled the trigger, Escobar,
who had seized his own rifle from the
ground, fired. Manjares fell, expiring
instantly.
Escobar came Into town this after
noon, having walked from the scene of
the killing, and gave himself into the
custody of Constable Hernandez. An
dratte and Jose Boronda, the latter of
whom heard the shots from a distance
and reached the scene to find Man
jares dead, arrived later and gave their
account of the killing.
Manjares was about 83 years old.
He was known as a "squatter" on other
people's land, had been in several af
frays of like character, always making
trouble and never owning land himself.
Escobar's claim was on Government
land, on which Manjares had
"squatted."
DEATH ENDS CHARLES
CONANT'S OUTING
Young San Franciscan Accidentally
Killed While Camping at
Olen Ellen.
SANTA ROSA, July 18.— Charles Conant,
a young man from San Francisco, who
for the past few days has been camped
with a party of friends on the banks of
Sonoma Creek, accidentally shot himself
with a pistol this afternoon, expiring al
most instantly. Conant, seeing the pistol
lying In the tent and believing It empty,
picked it up and Jokingly said:
"I guess I will commit suicide."
Lady friends in the party Implored him
to be careful, but he pulled the trigger
and the single cartridge left in the pistol
exploded, the ball entering his heart.
Conant was a young man who was well
liked and his death has cast deep gloom
over the many campers at Glen Ellen. His
father is connected with the Pacific
Transfer Company of San Francisco.
Suicide of a Logger.
DUTCH FLAT, July 18.— H. H. Scoflela.
a man employed in the sawmill of Towle
Bros. & Co., committed suicide last night
using morphine or laudanum. He waa sin
gle and 40 years old.
FIRST BATTLE FLAG
CAPTURED IN CUBA
WASHINGTON, July 1 8.— The first Spanish battle
flag captured in Cuba by an American army reached the War
Department to-day. It was consigned to General Corbin,
who displayed it to view on the back of a chair in his office.
The flag is a small one, measuring only about two by four
feet, and is poorly constructed of cheap material. It was
captured by Company B, First United States Infantry Regu
lars. This company is part of the First Brigade, Second
Division, Fifth Army Corps. The flag was captured at Jura
guasito June 23 by the following detail: Corporals Newman
and Boyle, Privates Keyser, Cooley and Houghtalling. J. J.
Crittenden was captain of the company.
THESE HORSES
WON THE COIN
Races on the Eastern
Tracks.
BRACKETS FOR PEEP 0' DAY
BEATS A FIELD OF HANDICAP
THOROUGHBREDS.
Bemardillo Comes to Life at Wash
ington Park and Finishes
First in a Distance
Event.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, July 18.— Brighton Beach
summaries:
First race, one mile, selling— Tinge, 114,
(Hamilton), 6 to 1 •■■••••••••••: J
Glenolne, 102 (O'Leary), 7 to 2 and 6 to o i
Juno, 110 (Doggett), 6 to 2 8
Time, 1:42^.
The Governor, Banquo 11, Ella Daley, Oc
tave and Calculator also ran.
Second race, five furlongs— Effervescent, 106
(Sims). 4 to 6 , •■■;••"; I
La Cheviot. 105 (Dupee), 6 to 1 and 6 to 5 2
Tut Tut, 105 (.O'Leary), 5 to 1 8
Time, 1:00%.
Maid of Harlem, Lepida, Mlrian Claire and
Helen Thomuu also ran.
Third race, five furlongs, Belling— High
Priest. 105 (Slmms), 8 to 5 ••••■■••; J
Fairy Dale, 100 (Dupee). 15 to 1 and 5 to 1 2
Julius Caesar, 105 (Llttleneld), 5 to 1 8
Time. 1:02^.
Mrs. Truebrldge, Yodan, Sculptor, Wauwego
Deal, Newton Belle, Suspect, Ortnos and
Oeorge Conway also ran.
Fourth race, mile and a sixteenth— Peep
o' Day, 116 (Taral), 7 to 2 1
Bannock. 112 (Slmms). 3 to 1 2
L>r. CaUett, 122 (Murphy), 2 to 1 8
Time. 1:48.
Linstock, Lady Marian. Premier and Trip
ping also ran.
Fifth race, five furlongs— Whiplash. 122
. (Doggett) even. ...'..■...;...-••• ...:...••. l
Mark Miles, 102 (Maher).lO to 1. 2
Jack Point. 117 (Simms). 11 to 6.- •— 3
Time,. 1:02%. -■ .
Al Reeves and Taskmaster also ran .
Sixth race, mile and a sixteenth— Latson.
F^^S'iA (Doggettrii-io-i-^dV-to-i:: I
Komurasakl, 88 (Dupee). 7 to 1 a
Time, 1:48.
MurlUo. Our Johnny and Charentus also ran.
ST LOUIS, July 18.— Weather pleasant;
track heavy with dust. Summaries:
First race, for two-year-olds, five fur
longs-Mountain Dew. 105 (C. Combs), 10 to
Bolerie.' 105 '(Hail)',' 16'to'i and 6 to 1 2
Lilly Paxton. 105 (C. Clay), 9 to 10 ......3
Time, 1:05.
Lady Memphis, Peggy and Havel also ran.
Second race, one mile. selling-Lady of the
West, 99 (J. McDonald) 8 to 6.... 1
Chlqulta 11, 99 (Dugan), 5 to 1 and 8 to 6 2
Miss Lizzie, 105 (Snell). 11 to 1 8
Time, 1:44. _
l>« and Downs, R. B. Sack, RegatU, Fan
chon. Glttlngs and Van Dyke also ran.
Third race, one and a sixteenth mile*, sell
ing—Judge Bteadman, S3 (Lines), 6 to 1 1
Basquil, 102 (Snell). " to 5 and 3 to 5 2
Sir Rolls, 9S (Kelly) 11 to 5 -. 3
Time, 1:50.
Confession, Helen H. Gardiner. King Elk
,wood and Serf also ran.
Fourth race, handicap, six furlongs—Glbral
tar. 112 (J. McDonald), 7 to 10.......... 1
Mlfs Verne, 89 (Lines), 9 to 2 and 3 to 10 2
Purity, 98 (C. Clay). 8 to 1 8
Time. 1:15.
David and Frank Sigman also ran.
Fifth race, six and a half furlongs, selling—
Horseshoe Tobacco, 102 (Rutter), 7 to 2 J
Siddubla, 101 (Gilmore). 8 to land 8 to 1 3
Count Fonao, 99 (J. McDonald), 5 to 2 3
Time. 1:21%.
Laverna, Little Blllee, Glenoww, Wiggins,
Cotton Plant, Silver Set, Lady Cullahan and
Edgart also ran.
Sixth race. on» mile, selling— Tranby, 102
(T. Williams), barred ~ 1
Moralist. 103 (Snell), 10 to 1 J
Can I See 'Em, 96 (Caddv> 10 to 1 and i to 1..3
Amber Gllnta, 98 (Southard), 25 to 1. 4
Time, 1:43%.
Dew Drop, AnRP' Rebel Jack. Uncle Abb,
Mrs. Bradshaw, Cecil, Tulare, JaoX of Hearts,
ElKmore, Empress Josephine and Tutuilla also
ran.
CHICAGO, July 18.— Mary Black,
E. Wishard's speedy Islington-Song
stress fllly, ran six furlongs to
day at Washington Park in 1:12 V*.
equaling the world's record for the dis
tance on a circular track. The record is
now held jointly by three, O'Connell, with
121 pounds up, having run the distance at
Oakley July 18, 1895^ in that time, and
Flora Louise, with 88 pounds up, turning
the same trick at Harlem September 30 of
last year. The fractional time was, 0:23^,
0:46% and 1.12V4- There was nothing to
the race, Mary Black shooting out In
front and staying there all the tima.
First race, mile and thirty yards— Roger B,
2 to 1, won; Necedah. 4 to 1, second; Dorothy
IV third. Time. 1:46.
Second race, five furlongs— Fontainebleau, 10
to 1, won; Frank Bell, t to ; second; Batten
third. Time, 1:01.
Third race, mile and seventy yards—Bernar
dillo, 4 to 1. won; Teutonla, S to 2, second; Joe
Clark third. Time. 1:44%.
Fourth race, six furlongs— Mary Black, T to
10. won: Afmada, 8 to 6, second; Lady Ellerslle
third. Time, 1:1214.
Fifth race, mile and three-sixteenths— Friar
John, 6 to 1, won; Muskalonge, 8 to 1, second;
Treachery third. Time. 2:00.
SLxth race, mile and three-sixteenths— Forte,
4 to 5, won; George Kratz 2 to L second; Don
Orsino third. Time. 1:68%.
BUTTE, Mont., July 18.— Weather blus
tery; track fast. Results:
First race, seven furlongs— lmbred won, Joe
Levy second, Encino third. Time, 1:81.
Second race, five furlongs — Owyhee won, Oco
rona, second, Chllkoot Pass third. Time, 1:04\4.
Third race, five and a half furlongs — Dorah
Wood won. Imp. Black Cap second. Bill How
ard third. Time, 1:08.
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles — Lady
Hurst won, Barracan second. Flashlight third.
Time, 1:50%.
Fifth race, seven furlongs — Montallade won,
William OB second, Twinkle Twlnk third
Time, 1:29%.
Sixth race, six furlongs— Saucy Eyea won.
La Fontler second. May Boy third. Tlmv
1:17.
Bookmaker Glynn's Trial.
SAUSALITO, July 18.— The case of
Bookmaker John P. Glynn waa this after
noon set for trial next Thursday by Re
corder Simpson.
Stricken by Apoplexy.
SAN RAFAEL, July 18.— Mrs. Michael
Cochrane, wife of one of the oldest pio
neers of Marln County, and mother of At
torney J. W. Cochrane and M. F. Coch
rane, dropped dead of apoplexy at her
residence In this city at 5 o'clock this
evening. She was aged 60 years.
Salinad* Election Contest.
SALINAS, July 18.-M. T. Dooling, act-
Ing Judge, this afternoon handed down
an opinion in quo warranto proceedings
taken to oust Mayor W. J. Hill from his
position. The decision, which admits or
no stay of proceedings, virtually gives tho
contestant, Francee, the position until an
appeal of the same case before the Su
preme Court is decided. Judge Dooling
throws out two wards, practically dis
franchising two-thirds of the voters of tho
city and making the election valid with
only 200 votes cast.
LEADERS WIN ONE
FROM THE QUAKERS
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs- W. 1,. Pet. Clubs- W. L. Pet.
Cincinnati ..62 27 .658 Plttsburgr ...40 36 .526
Boston 49 28 .636 Philadelphia 33 40 .452
Cleveland ...46 29 .613 ; Brooklyn ..31 42 425
Baltimore ...45 29 .608 Washington 23 46 .387
Chicago 45 33 .563 Louisville ...27 54 333
New York ..40 35 .533 St. Louis ...24 57 2&ti
PHILADELPHIA. July 18.-Cinclnnati
defeated Philadelphia to-day by better
hitting. Both teams put up a ra<»"-ed field
ing game, but the Phillies were the worst
offenders. Attendance 3873. Score:
Clubs— r. h. E.
Cincinnati 5 11 1
Philadelphia 4 g 4
Batteries— Breltensteln and Peitz; Donahue
and Murphy. Umpires— Gaffney and Hunt.
BALTIMORE, July 18.— Kilroy pitched
good ball to-day for four Innings, but
could not stand the pace and retired in
favor of Thornton In the sixth. Attend
ance 1435. Score:
Clubs— r. h. E.
Baltimore 9 13 3
Chicago 3 7 5
Batteries— Hutches and Clarke; Kilroy.
Thornton and Chance. Umpires — O'Day and
McDonald.
NEW YORK, July 18.— Stenzel's muff of
Kennedy's fly in the eighth inning after
two were out cost Tim Hurst' 3 Rough
Riders to-day's game. Score:
Cluhs— r. h. E.
Brooklyn 7 12 3
St. Louis 6 11 5
Batteries— Kennedy and Ryan; SudhofT and
Clements. Umpires — Lynch and Andrews.
WASHINGTON, July 18.— An interest
ing game was called on account of dark
ness at the end of the twelfth inning. At
tendance 800. Score:
Clubs— r. h. E.
Washington 2 8 3
Cleveland % \\ 3
Batteries— Dlnneen, Mercer and McGulre;
Klnslow, Young and Zimmer. Umpires— Emslle
and Hunt.
NEW YORK, July 18. — The Giants
jumped back into the first divsion. the
beating they gave the Colonels and Pitts
burg's losing to Boston landing them in
sixth place. Seymour allowed the visit
ors but one hit. Attendance 900. Score:
Clubs— r. h. E.
New York 5 8 2
Louisville 113
Batteries — Seymour and Grady; Frazer ana
Klttridge. Umpires— Swartwood and Wood.
BOSTON, July 18.— Willis Had the Pitts
burgs at his mercy to-day. Attendance
1800. Score:
Clubs— R. h. E.
Boston -  T  , , , 6 12 0
Plttsburg 8 7 1
Batteries— Willis and Berg-en; Rhlnes and
Schriver. Umpires— Snyder and Connolly.
SEATTLE, Wash.. July IS.— Score:
Clubs— r. h. E.
Seattle 3 7 1
Portland v ... 14 6
WALES OUT OF LTTCX.
Series of Mishaps to the Prince That
Excite Comment.
LONDON, July 18.— The newspapers
are creating a great deal of talk over the
mishaps which have befallen the Prince
of Wales. While passing Sunday at
Wadedeson Manor, Aylesbury, the Prince
slipped on a stair and fractured his left
knee cap. While being conveyed to tho
railroad station to-day in a chair the
latter broke and his Highness received a
severe shaking up.
TWO HOMES WRECKED.
FRESNO, July 18.— L. E. Haygood, a
farmer, left fox San Francisco yesterday
in pursuit of his wife and Fred R. Mlnk
ler who eloped on Thursday. Haygood
did not discover their flight until yes
terday, when he learned his wife had
drawn $145 of his money from a bank.
A warrant was issued for the arrest of
his truant wife. Minkler recently sent
his wife and family to Michigan. Mrs.
Haygood Is a comely dame of 22 years.
At the Chessboards.
VIENNA, July 18.— The thirty-third
round of the International Chessmastera'
tournament was begrun here to-day. The
results up to the hour of adjournment
were: Linke beat Halprln and Janowskl
beat Schiffers. Alapln, Trenchard and
Schlecter held winning positions, while
the other games were even. Yesterday
Schlecter beat Walbrodt in a game not
finished Saturday.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
bostoFand^alasica
TRANSPORTATION CO.,
Owners, Win Dispatch the Following Bteam-
DAWSON CITY
And INTERMEDIATE YUKON RIVER
POINTS. Via
DUTCH HARBOR. NEW BOSTON AND ST
MICHAEL:
IS&ship LAURADA,
SAILING ON OR ABOUT JULY 10
iS&Eip SOUTH PORTLAND,
SAILING ON OR ABOUT JULY 80.
Connecting at mouth of Yukon River with' the
company's fleet of
EIGHT RIVER STEAMERS and BARGES,
Colonel McNaught. Governor Plngre«. Philip R.
Low, A. E. Fay. B. B. Olaascock, Michigan,
Washington and New York.
Boston and Alaska Transportation Company
owns and operates its ocean steamships and
fleet of modern river steamers, which are now
In service on the Yukon River.
Special accommodations for ladles.
Electric lights, steam heat, beat meals, best
berths, best time.
For freight and passenger rates apply
H. M. HAINES,
Contracting Freight and Passenger Agent,
20 Montgomery st. , San Francisco. Cal.
A. E. CRONENWETT.
General Traffic Manager, Seattle, Wash.
Wrijif s Indian Veptalle Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
have ueed them for ov«r forty years to curs
BICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS, CONSTIPA-
TION, Torpid Liver. Weak Stomach. PUnplea
and purify the blood.
Grossman's Specific Mixture
With this remedy persons can cure them-
selves without the least exposure, change o(
diet or change In application to business. The
medicine contains nothing of the least Injury
to the constitution. Aak jrour drugglit tor It.
Priot, tl * bottle.
OF* INTEREST
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Corresponding TTth Any of the For --Ing Firms Please Mention "The Call."
ART GLASS.
California Art Glass. Bending and Cutting
Works, 103-105 Mission St., cor. Spear.
. Embossing. Staining, Beveling. Wm.
Schroeder. Pres. Telephone Main 868.
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
Artistic Furniture and f!rt Ware Importers,
': 117 SUTTER street.
artificial' limbs.
Wl3W7n CDDIMfi Proprietor. Send for meas- !
luCriiLU OllVlnU ure blanks. U. S. Commis- j
sion, 9 Geary St., S. F. '
ARTISTIC FURNITURB.
CTWI7' £■ CrHTVni CD Bank. Office and Saloon
,|INK & SUIII>UICH, Fittings. 1309 Market
Bt. v Telephone South 267. - >*■"- j
AUCTIONEERS.
Live Stock FIT lID £. CA ■ " Montgomery St..
Auctioneers. IVltiLiU.. U. VU- San Francisco.
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
WM CPHftFMIVfi Shipping trade supplied.
Will- avfIUENINU, 639 Broadway street.
BELTING.
LD nCfiPV Manufacturer of Belting and
. I*. UtilCn, Lace Leather, 105-107 Mis-
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
Agent for Rubber Belting and Packing.
BICYCLES.
'OS Model Cleveland Bicycles
Sell for $50, ?65 and $75. Crescents. In Men's
and Ladles' $35. Second-hand Wheels. $10 and
up. LEAVITT & BILL. 303 Larkln street.
* BOILER MAKERS.
«« **f . W. J. Brady's Patent
|f II DETACHABLE
UW. J. Brady's Patent
DETACHABLE
MUD DRUM
fe^SSJKa^j&Hjyi for steam Boilers,
iaa **2feg^ Manufactured by
EUREKA BOILER WORKS
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship Work.
Office and Works— ll3-115 MISSION STREET
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell,
Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
f BOOKBINDERS.
JD ifpT'NPFVPI? Bookbinder and Printer,
i D, ilibinillUJ. 422 Commercial street.
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & 'CO.,
GOO BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1564.
COPPERSMITH.
Joseph Fox, Supt. H. Blyth. Mgr.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing, Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone, Main 5641.
CORSETS. WAISTS AND UNDERWEAR.
Mrs.fiI.B.OBER & CO. EQUIPOISE WAISTS.
IfirS.IfI.U.UOEK O. Ul. 34 Geary st.,Tel. Red HOI
DENTIST.
PR- C- W- RICHARDS, &*££'*&„.
DRAYAGE.
McNAB & SMITH.
Draymen, Mercantile Warehouse,
Stands— 2os Davis St. and Corner Fifth
and Bluxoma Sts. '•- Telephone, Main 1872.
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE).
REDINGTON & CO. S^S.'^tSS^4
EYES EXAMINED.
BERTELING OPTICAL COMPANY,
Scientific Opticians and Manufacturers of i
Optical Goods, 14 and 16 Kearr.y street. i
ELECTRIC BELTS
_ i a\ -i »
Are good things *r%i*J^'~' 1' properly
made, but some t'^f^V^s, °' *^ c things
which are sold r I I' • ■ as "electric
■belts" at high * prices by un-
principled quacks are ■worthless. If you want
a good belt, one to last a reasonable length of
time, and fill you with Electricity from the
soles of your feet to the top of your head, 'you I
MUST have "Dr. Plerce's," . for it Is the BEST I
and la warranted to be exactly as represented. |
TESTIMONIALS we have enough of to fill
this entire newspaper. Send 2c in stamps for
our Free Book No. 2. It gives price • list and
tells all about it. Be sure you BUY NO BELT
TILL YOU SEE DR. PIERCES. Address or
call on the
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO,, 620 Market St,
Opp. Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
OodOddddOdodoooooo
V' r PALACE *•«•£
•GRAND
X SAN FRANCIS CO. Q
■JJ ' ' Connected by a covered passageway. J*:
O 1400 Rooms-900 With Bath Attached. O
O All. Under One Management. O !
j O "" MOTE TEE PRICES: O
0 European Plan. Bl .oo per day and upward A :
American Plan. s3.oo per day and upward vl
0 Correspondence Solicited. . Q j
0 JOES 0. KIREPATaiCK, Manager. Q
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOQ
"DR.MCNULTY.
H^HIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLTI
A opetilalist cures PrlTate,Nervous,Bloodaud Skin
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
20 years' experience. Send for Book, free. Patients
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours, 9 to 3
daily ; 6:3o to B.3o ev'jrs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consulta-
tion free and sacredly confidential. oradOrees
.KVROSCOE NcnUli'nr.'Al. 5>.,
2G' 5 KEAENY STREET, SAN JRANCISCO, OAL
[.££ WONG WOO,
p^# CHINESE TEA AND HERB
'fefr 3 ;.. , SANITARIUM,
Afcr^jX^ 764-66 CLAY ST., San Franctgao.Oal
— dS^S^eWAwl All diseases cured excluslva- '
•^^a/rr'M^ ly by Chineae herbs, over 3000
' fRMSIiItMjC* .■ varieties being used. ADVICS
FREE. Hours, 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3 and 7to
Ip, m. •
>f!B\ || DEWEY,SrRONG | &CO. |^?^.
R ?PATENTSI 3
VX^T33O MARKET SLs£%a&r •
SCHOOLS AND COLLEuES.
 r _ _ _ . ., __ - . _„_,„„--..■, ...„.„,. . ._.,. ,
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY.
,: Grants diplomas and confers 'degrees. Rare j ,
opportunities offered . in music. : One hour's ride ,
from" San ■Francisco. Write for : catalogue to
MRS. C- T. MILLS, : President. , Mills i College j :
Poßtofflce Alameda County, Cal. i Thfrty-second j
year, v Fall term opens Augruut 3, ISC3.
FIRE INSURANCE.
EDWARD BROWN & SON,
407-403 Montgomery st.
Capital Represented.. over $14,000,000
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS RftYFS & Crt Shipping Butchers, let
4AJ' U\J ILJ \X vUi, Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
FLOUR. !
MlTinWll Flour Mills. J. Martensteln * Co.
nAllvllAJLi S.W. cor. Battery and Pacific ata.
HARDWARE.
PALACE Hardware Co., Importers & Dealers
*Mn Hardware, 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
HARNESS AND VEHICLES.
LEIBOLD HARNESS CO.. 211 Larkln St., 8. F.
Wholesale and Retail Manufacturers of all
kinds of Harness- and dealers in Buggies,
Carts, etc. If you want bargains call or writ*
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton Hedley, Props.*
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every De-
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
JEWELERS.
W. K. VANDERSLICE CO.
GOLD AND SILVER SMITHS, 13« Sorter Bt^
Ban Francisco. Telephone Main 817.
MARINE INSURANCE.
SWISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPANIES.
Combined Capital. $4,000,000.
SYZ & CO., Agents,
SOl California St.
MATTRESSES AND IRON BEDS.
THE RPDVH4DTI Mattress Co., 642 Mission
lIIC DCnnilAnll st. Telephone Main 1674.
OPTICAL GOODS. ~~
Tf fTWn V Headquarters for fine Jewelry and
• LUPIIJI) full 18-k. Wedding Rings, 4 3d st.
PAPER DEALERS.
Wll I AMPTTF PULP AND PAPER CO.,
WILLAmLI It 722 Montgomery Street.
PIANOS.
The Oldest Firm and Largrest Stock.
F»I/\IVO and MUSIC STORE,
KOHLER & CHASE,
28 and 30 O'Farrell St.
A corps of expert tuners and repairers.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
v nn i V Agency. Reloading, developing, print.
AvUAAiag. T. P. Andrews, 109 Montgomery.
REAL ESTATE. <
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
HEAL. ESTATE. RENT COLLECTORS.
General Auctioneers. 14 Montgomery at.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
n %S2F°P ARTRIDGE &&£ft
SEWING MACHINES.
"nnMECTIP" Pre-eminently tha machine for
UUITILOMU family usa, 1021 Market (treat,
near Sixth.
SOAP.
GD I fTf V* Cd m California street.
• 11, Llitl a VU,, room ST. Tel. Main IMI.
TBE HICKS- JUDD CO., SSS« t gN, B g&^
TAILOR AND IMPORTER.
Rooms ru 1 C pi ICC Claus Spreckela
407. 408, 409. 410 vIIAJ DLl3j;Bldg.. 4th Floor.
TARTAR WORKS.
TARTAR WORKS,
-:•;'■■.■■" G. Do LATOUR. Manager.
Office 318 Front Street, San Francisco.
TYPE FOUNDERS.
PACIFIC States Type Foundry, saceesaora
to Hawks A Shattuck. The Home Industry
House, 608 Clay st *
. WAGONS AND TRUCKS. | ;
HENRY B. SCHINDLER, manufacturer of
carriages, buggies, etc.; repairing done la
first-class style at fair prices for good work.
128 Spear St.; tel. Main 235. *
-■■--■' ...... |
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
Forwarding Agents and ' Public Weigher*.
General Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses.
General office. 210 California st. Tel. Main 191*.
MADE ME A MAN
*•&£> AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURE
BY ycrvous Disease*— Failing Mem-
H2(l ory.lmpotencj, Sleeplessness, etc. caused
■ cT I by Abuse or other Excesses and Indis-
i cretions, They quickly anrl aurel-j
k j2{ restore Lost Vitality in old or young, and
Vj^^aj^fctoniaa for study, business or marriage.
T«*i?fflJ& Prevent Insanity and Consumption it
takon in time. Their ufo immediate improve-
ment and effects a CORE where all other fail In-
sist upon having the genuine Ajax Tablets. They
have cured thousands and willoureyou. Weaiveatx)^
itlTe written guarantee to effact a cure Eft ft VO in
each case or refund the money. Price VV If I di tier
package; or. six pkges (full treatment) for 82.50 By
tuail. in plain wrapper, npon receipt of price Mttrcnlai.
to*- AJAX REMEDY CO., *SsS"
For Bale In Ban Francisco by Lelpnita A Co-
tat Butter. No-Percentag» Pharmacy. HI I ***l_
•||,W W H,I ,J| |jj| |, IMIII^IUMI M ■■nußii
g HAVE YOU Sore Throat, Pimples, Copper-
1 Colored Spots, Aohes, Old Sores, Ulcer*
(HAVE YOU Sore Threat, Pimples, Copper-
Colored Spots, Aohes, Old Sores, Ulcera
In Mouth, Hair-Falling-? Write COOK KEil-
EDY CO., 213 MASONIC TEMPLE, CHI-
': CAGO, ILL., for proofs of cures. Capital
m $500,000. Worst cases cured In 15 to 86 days,
3100-page3 100-page book free.
•■ ~~~ ~7~
4#Ss§|f *™* iS for nO gcn a o II 8 r°h a^'
Gleet. Spermato^Fhaa?
ABnr in Ito sd»j-». Whites, nn a tur a 1 di£
P&Jf Ga*ran!«d M charges, or any inflamma-
M*J| not to Btrictnre. tion, irritation or ulcera-
Prereau coQUgion. tion of mucous mem-
K*j.THEEyANS ChemiruCq. branea. Non-astringent.
VS*S\CINCiNKATI.O ■gi'Sl Sold by **r*tnfl*tm,
>SSi X. '- S. x. JggT? T sent in P^'n Tapper,
*VlBa«^l feV^TUtTe^^rl 0 *
•*^«SSasS£ t 'V ■ Circular »<snt on request.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DA MIAN A BITTERS, THH
great Mexican remedy: gives health and
strength to the sexual organs. .
WEEKLY ILL
©( It Publishes the Cream of th»
L) News of the Week and
o< MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
eJ ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°\ IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
of PAPER ON TUB
~J PACIFIC COAST
5 The Best '.':' N. : / Mining
®j Telegraphic Ny/ News That
P\ Service on /n. s Accurate
o< The Coast / N^ up to date
01 Not a Line of it Sensational
cl or Faky, and Not a Line of -
2 it Dry or Uninteresting.
~ -^
OC Bright, Clean, A Champ or. of
Thoughtful. Truth.
©( -I I .•-.■■ V
o? _. -^*
O< , 4 CALIFORNIA' NEWSPAPER
Ij ~ ALL TIME.
212 1 fT ADVOCATES 1 SENT BT
*J HOME MAIL, 51.58
PV INDUSTRIES 1 A YEAR,ALL TROOPS TO BE MOVED
TO THE PRESIDIO AT ONCE
WHEN the order was Issued
designating the Bay District
grounds, now known as Camp
Merritt, as the place of ren
dezvous for Incoming troops, sur
prise was expressed that the Presidio
was not used for camping purposes.
Greater surprise followed when troops
encamped at the Presidio were moved
from the reservation to Cajnp Mer
ritt. A? the number of troops at Rich
mond Increased the military authorities
saw that a mistake had been made in
the location of the camp.
Shortly after the first expedition pall
ed it was announced by The CaJl that
the regiments remaining at the Bay
District camp would be moved to the
Presidio. That decision was reached by
the military authorities after due con
sideration of the subject, but the order
giving force and effect to the decree
•was never promulgated. The plan In
fact was reconsidered during the night
following the day of its adoption. The
next day it was explained at military
headquarters that the camp at Rich
mond would be abolished by a process
of disintegration— as regiments were
moved away for service at the Philip
1 inea the camp wuuld disintegrate and
vanish.
In the establishment of the camp at
the Bay District track and in the trans
fer <■: troops from the reservation to
the Richmond District the volunteers
were not benefited in either health or
discipline. The chief gainer in the
change was the Market Street Railway
Company. That corporation got the
nickels from the 15.000 troops at Camp
Merritt and from the countless thou-
Bands of visitors that were attracted to
t !)•• i amping grounds.
Word now comes that the troops must
Presidio, ;:s the medical au
thorities have condemned the Richmond
Ten thousand troops have been
taken away already by the process of
disintegration, hence vigorous objection
to the use of the Presidio may not be
the further order.
The Eighth California Regiment,
•:••] Park Henshaw, may receive an
■ ible surprise any hour this week.
It is believed that Major General Mer
has indicated to the War Depart
that the Eighth would be an ex
cellent regiment to send to Honolulu.
The First New York has expressed such
• for duty at the Phflip
that the order assigning Colonel
TO LEAVE CAMP MERRITT.
« Major General Merriam Will at Once ■
g Have All the Remaining Troops g
~ Moved to the Presidio. 5
.' 25 '
•J "I am not very favorably Impressed with Camp Merritt as a camping:- 82
52 place." paid Colonel Barber of the First New York Regiment to Major Gen- &
?i eral Merriam on last Friday afternoon. The New Yorkers had pitched their 22
% tents at Camp Merrltt, and Colonel Barber had carefully Investigated the Jjj
% sanitary conditions of the grounds. "Is It not possible to get a healthier loca- 8J
?* tion for my men?" he asked of General Merriam. 53
52 "Yes. It is possible." promptly responded General Merriam. "I shall send &
32 your regiment to the Presidio to-morrow. I have for several diys been con- ?jj
52 sideling the removal of the entire force from Camp Merrltt to the Presidio, 52
52 and I might as well begin at once with your regiment." •»»
li And the New Yorkers moved over to the Presidio on Saturday morning. 52
52 All the other troops will follow during the. week. »,
52 It was not supposed at the beginning that the Philippine expeditionary %
52 forces would remain so long at Camp Merritt, but their prolonged stay has 22
52 been due to the unexpected scarcity of transports. Camp Merritt was un- f.'
% der the jurisdiction of Major General Otis, but when he took his depart- &
52 ure It came under the control of Major General Merriam, who at once de- |$g
52 termlned upon taking steps either to remedy the evils or move the troops J2
52 away. The report of Colonel J. V. D. Middleton, chief surgeon on General 52
?2 Merrlam's staff, which was handed in on Sunday, has no doubt hastened •*
*. matters. Incidentally, Colonel Midd!cton said he did not know who had rec- 52
52 ommended the Bay District race tra^k as a camp ground. It is a place that *2
*i never should have been selected, he added, as it is entirely unfit for any such 5°
It purpose £
fg The various regiments and organisations upon their removal to the Pre- *2
% sldio will have to be scattered, as the nature of the grounds will prevent fa
52 them being all concentrated in one location. The chief difficulty will be the *2
* t water supply, but this is to be overcome by a distribution, among the va- «2
% rious camps by means of water carts, a large number of which will be imme- 52
52 dlately procured. General Merriam is anxious to effect a quick removal as 92
52 he does not care to be censured in case an epidemic'' of any kind should *2
•c• c break out among the men. j*
M °*
s*; 52 52 22 52 \ •* 52 *i ?2 ?2 82 Si SS 52 82 88 S2 S « 88 & 5S 88 88 S2 S3 S2 88 88 82 88 88 88 §
P.nrbpr to service at Honolulu may be
revoked.
The transport Pennsylvania, with the
First Montana Regiment and 300 re
cruits for the First California aboard,
is in the stream with orders to sail at
9:30 o'clock a. in. to-day.
THE FIRST NEW YORK.
Promotion From the Ranks of
the Regiment — Social Ambi-
tions Cut No Figure
in the Camp
Three members of the First Now York
Volunteer Regiment were yesterday
raised from the ranks.
Corporal Michael J. Reagan of Company
P. and First Sergeant Edward F. New
comb of Company A received their com
missions as socond lieutenants in the Two
Hundred and Second New York Regi
ment. Thf-y wore mustered out of the
service by '"olonel Barber and Riven hon
ornhle discharges. This arrangement was
necessary in order to comply with the
service regulation. The men will leave
for Albany (in Thursday, where they will
again be mustered in.
Sergeant Major Goodale received his
commission as second lieutenant. Com
pany X of the First. His promotion was
tho result of Captain Goodyear's eleva
tion to the rank of major. This change
resulted in the promotion of two other
oftirors of the company. First Lieutenant
Pickard has been made captain and Sec-
Lleutenant Wood advanced to the
rai k of first lieutenant.
M( it riant Reagan has been for many
In tho Bureau of Labor Statistics
of New York State. Under the admlnls
tration of Governor Black he has been
Dip confidential adviser of the State La
bor <'<»mmissioner. He was a member of
the N'.-Ulonal Guard for many years.
Lieutenant Newcomb comes from a
wealthy Albany family. Before leaving
camp at Hempstead he received assur
ances that ho would r>o given a commis
sion. At the timo he refused to sever his
connection with tho First Regiment for
the proffered advancement. Then he
was in hopes that he would receive a
commission in his own regiment. But the
vacancies in tho First were filled, as a
rule, from outside sources. Newcomb's
only promotion was to the ran Id of first
pr-rgoant. He did not accept a tommls-
Fion In the Two Hundred and Second until
after a long talk yesterday with Colonel
Barber.
Second lieutenant Goodale was a pri- !
rate in the separate Blnghampton com
pany when the war broke out. He gave
up his interest in one of the largest whole
sale clothing concerns in the State of New
York to go to the front. At Hempstead
be was made sergeant major, with the as- !
suranee that he would be selected to fill
the first vacancy in the ranks of the com- '
missioned officers.
Corporal Amos Potter, nephew of Bish
op Potter, has received word from Wash
ington that he will be nominated for a
commission as second lieutenant in the
regular army whenever he likes. In order
to make his appointment valid he wl'.l
have to pass the regulation examination
for the rank. Potter has not yet decided
whether to accept the tendered nomina
tion. He is the pride of Company A and a
sort of hero among the privates of the
regiment. It was Potter who bought tne
little bear and the old black crow that
have been adopted as mascots of the First
New York.
Colonel Barber and the officers of the
regiment are greatly exercised over state
ments printed in certain papers to the ef
fect that they aro more wrapped up in
their social ambitions than in the per
formance of their duties as soldiers.
In the article to which they have taken
exception they were referred to as a lot
of kid-glove incompetents, and many
sneering allusions were made to their
wealth and social cast. Colonel Barber
is of the opinion that a man Bhould not
be criticised for the simple reason that ",.e
has been interested in successful business
ventures. With practically all the other
officers and many of the men in the ranks
of the First New York he has given up
and practically sacrificed his business in
terest in order to go to the front.
The article also referred to the regi
ment as a collection of "tenderfeet," be
cause they refused to remain encamped
in the slush of Camp Merritt. As soon
as the tents of the regiment were pitched
on the stretch of sand and decayed mat
ter composing the old Bay District track
Surgeon Davis reported to Colonel Bar
ber that the health of the men was en
dangered every day they remained there.
The condemnation of the site yester
day by the proper officials Colonel Barber
believes to be an official vindication of
his act in refusing to allow his men to
remain In the camp.
In accordance with the regulations the
work of vaccinating the members of the
First New York at the Presidio reserva
tion was begun yesterday morning. All
the members of Company A were under
the surgeon's needles during the fore
noon. The vaccinations will be completed
this evening.
Colonel Barber ordered the evening pa
rade of the regiment yesterday at sun
down. It was the first general drill of
the entire regiment since the breaking
of the camp at Hempstead. The men left
their tents in columns of fours and after
a number of maneuvers formed the regi-
| mental line, after which they again
I formed fours and marched to the rear
yf their tents, where the three battalions
: rormed en masse.
Owing to the indisposition of Colonel
Barber, who haa been compelled to ke^p
his room at the University Club, Lieuten
ant Colonel . Stacpole was In command.
A number of visitors watched the parade
and were much impressed by the thor
ough manner in which the drill was man
aged. The men marched and maneu
vered with the precision of regulars. A
regimental parade will be held every
evening at sundown.
| As soon as Colonel Barber recovers his
health he will occupy his tent, which has
i been pitched Just beyond the terminus
i of the cable railway at the Presidio.
BRIGADE SURGEON SHIELS
Orders Requiring Closer At-
tention to the Sanitary Con-
dition of the Camps.
The first consistent work in the direc
tion of a cleaner sanitary condition at
Camp Merrltt has been begun pursuant to
W Oenera'l S Ot? s ! OWin& ISBUed by Brtg "
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE
Special Omer^ P 18 MERUITT - J "' y "' «*'•
.Major George P. Sblels. brigade surgeon
aSthoHtr?? rtftd ,XO,, XO , lh f se headquarters, under
authority of special orders No. 3 Headquarters
nt^it^ e P tO Au lV at these headquarters
attention t,,h CP " n -- He W|U Klvc hi" special
lr*\ re-lment f"" 1""*1 ""* Condition of the sev
eral regiments cf the britade makine fre
rKrIETSS? 1 ! lnsr>ectl ° n8 of the can"f 8 and
requiring regular reports from the regimentil
ho«nU°al 8 . TY he C(1 "< lltlon or tho ""men* cam^
hospitals, food supplies, clothing etc for the
'"rv^^ "VlE. l>rl<?ade commander.
By command Brigadier General H. O. Otis
ny EDWARD MURPHY
._- i- Second a. a. G. i;. S. v.
It was upon the . report of Dr. Shiels 1 in
vestigation that this second order issued-
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE
INDEPENDENT DIVISION
I. Pursuant to the Inspection report of the
Fur eon of this brigade, made this day , con
manUlnß officers of regiments and detachments
will give closer attention to the anitary condi
tion Of their respective camps, and require
their medical officers to see to it that the
camps are put and kept In the best possible
condition for the . preservation . and promotion
of the health of the men. The latrines will be
properly deodorized and disinfected. This can
be done cheaply and effectively by the free use
twice dally, of a solution of 'sulphate of iron
one and one-half pounds per gallon. Dry. clean
earth should be used , in preference . to ' sand,
where procurable, for filling purposes Riirici
dally inspections will be had; all garbage will
be burned or burled, and cleanliness every
where will be enforced. ,
11. In order that men not in a satisfactory
condition of health Justifying their departure
upon the expedition about to sail may not be
Included among the troops to go, medical offi
cers will make a special personal examination
Into all such cases and make lists of officers
and men who, in their professional Judgment
should be left behind. Such list* will be for
warded to these headquarters with , a view of
ordering the ■ men so rejected to report to the
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 19, 1898.
division hospital. In making these selections
consideration will be given to the fact that
provision for the sick on shipboard will neces
sarily be more limited than It is upon shore,
and that It Is Inexpedient to ship men who are
or may become unfit for the sea voyage, as
they would only prove an lncumbrance, and
their inclusion in the expedition might become
dangerous to them and to the other troops.
By command of Brigadier General H. G. Otis,
commanding Second Section, Fourth Expedl-
EDWARD MURPHY,
Assistant Adjutant General, U. S. Volunteers.
, *
FIRST MONTANA ON
THE PENNSYLVANIA
March of the Regiment and
First California Recruits
From Camp Merritt.
The First Montana Volunteers and th«
300 recruits for the First California drop
ped their tents at Camp Merritt at 6
o'clock yesterday morning and at 8 o'clock
they marched off for their transports,
leaving two more desolate, wind-blown
sandlots to sadden the hearts of. those
who are left behind.
Colonel Kessier, First Montana, had
preceded his command to town and the
troops were in command of Lieutenant
Colonel Wallace. Brigadier General Otis,
accompanied by Lieutenant Colonel
Schreiber of the Seventu California, led
the column.
The line of march was taken along
Point Lobos avenue to Post street via
Central avenue, across from Post to
Golden Gate avenue by Van Ness and
down to East street by Golden Gate and
Market. Along East street to the Oceanic
dock the way was all but blocked by the
crowd that had gathered to see them off.
All along the line there was the wildest
enthusiasm. Both Montana and Califor
nia were cheered and cheered again; fire
bells clanged and guns roared out a noisy
good-by. The men themselves were al
lowed every liberty; they marched at a
route step and carried their seventy
pound packs as lightly as they did the
great bouquets of blossoms that were
showered on them. They took Post street
hill at a quick step and marched down
the other side chanting "A Hot Time"
with all the gusto of a lot of cadets oit
for a summer camp.
Only two men left the ranks, and they
were detailed to give chase to the mascot
of Company G, a black kitten, that es
caped from its place of concealment in
the corporal's haversack.
The crowd on Market street shut off all
traffic and all along the line to the trans
port the good-bys were given as heartily
as the departing blue coats got when
they left their own homes.
SCENES AT THE DOCK.
Colonel Kessler Advised to Call
on General Merriam for
Final Instructions.
Soon after entering the dock building
the soldiers were treated by the ladies of
the Red Cross to a lunch consisting of
sandwiches, eggs, doughnuts and coffee,
which they very much appreciated. The
ladies who had charge of the lunch were
Mrs. Judge Slack, Mrs. Lowenberg, Mrs.
Robert McKenzie, the Misses Tillinghast,
Miss Callahan. Mrs. Carroll Cook, Mrs.
Thurlow McMullan, Mrs. Will Bryan,
Miss Carrigan. Miss Cerf, Miss Macom
ber. Miss O'Sullivan, Miss Bates, Mrs.
Carrigan and Miss Steel. These lunches
were not served, however, until a little
trouble that had arisen owing to some ob
jections raised by Colonel Kessler had
been smoothed over.
It appears that the colonel thought that
the lunches of the Red Cross ladies were
not necessary. It was said by some of the
men that Colonel Kessler even gave utter
ance to the remark that "hardtack la
good enough for them." Other soldiers
who were asked about the matter stated
thai they had heard nothing of the kind,
and <:idn't believe Colonel Kessler had
&ald any such thing. One captain, how
ever, before the trouble was settled, what
ever it was, stated emphatically that his
men could eat as many lunches as they
pleased, and he would shoulder the re
sponsibility. It was also current rumor
on the dock that the ladies of the Red
Cvosa at first refused admission, and
that soroe of them were let in by the po
lice, ah other authority to the contrary
notwithstanding. A Montana private
wrote out the following and handed it tv
a Call reporter, with the request that it
be published:
"The members of the First Montana In
fantry beg that they be not judged by
their colonel. They know their friends
and appreciate more than they can say
the kindness shown them by the ladies of
the Red Cross, and deplore the action of
Colonel Kessler in refusing to accept that
kinoiiess to-day."
Alter the men had got on board the
Pennsylvania the usual scenes incident to
previous embarkations occurred. There
was a lively bombardment with oranges
from the crowd on the dock and from men
and boys in small boats. Brigadier Gen
eral Otis was struck in the neck and was
nearly knocked down. He took it good
naturedly, however, saying he had been
under fire before.
Of course some man had to fall off the
dock into the water to add variety to the
scene. His name was Charles McCarty,
and he might have gone to the bottom of
the sea had he not been rescued by Frank
Smith, who plunged into the bay after
him. Neither man was a soldier.
"Willie Burns, aged 14 years, who was
acting in the capacity of mascot for Com
pany X of the First Montana, was not al
lowed to go on board the Pennsylvania by
Colonel Kpssler. Mrs. A. S. Townsend,
whose sympathies were aroused for the
sorrowing and despondent lad, at once
started for the City Hall with the inten
tion of becoming his guardian, so that he
could be enlisted with the regiment and
sail this monfUng.
About 3 o'clock Lieutenant Bennett, as
sistant adjutant general on the staff or
Major General Merriam, appeared at the
dock and hunting up Colonel Kessler held
quite nn extended conversation with him.
Although no one heard what it was all
about, the report was started and soon
became general that Lieutenant Bennett
had brought orders countermanding the
departure of the First Montana. This was
a danipener on the ardor of the men from
Montana, who were at a loss to under
stand why any such action should be
taken. It was some little time before
the contradiction overtook the false re
port, and then the men resumed the even
tenor of their way. It has been the cus
tom hitherto of the commanders of trans*
port fleets or large vessels to call at mili
tary headquarters before pulling out into
the stream to receive their final instruc
tions. It seems that Colonel Kessler ow
ing to his multifarious duties and the
somewhat lively scenes on the dock had
either forgot this custom or had delayed
going to headquarters too long. Major
General Merriam, therefore, sent the in
structions by Lieutenant Bennett.
The Pennsylvania pulled out into the
stream at about 5 o'clock, and according
to the instructions received by Colonel
Ktbtler she will sail at 9:30 this morning.
HOSPITAL SHIP.
Government Decides to Meet
the Expense of the Red
Cress Enterprise.
On Saturday an official high In State
Red Cross circles received from Senator
Stewart of Nevada, now in Washington,
a menage stating the Government had
decided to stand the expense of a Red
Cross hospital ship for service between
this port and the Philippines.
Yesterday it was learned at headquar
ters that the 1200 bed division hospital,
the necessary supplies and service that
are being rushed in to the depot at this
time will sail from this port for the Phil
ippines not later than two weeks from
date.
The ambition of the Red Cross Society
has been to outfit and man with a com
plete working force a hospital ship. Along
this line they have been working for six
weeks or more past. The original idea
of soliciting donations from all Western
States and in that way meeting every ex
pense had already been put in active opei
ation, but it was suddenly stopped beroro
COMING TO ANCHOR IN THE STREAM.
THE TROOPSHIP PENNSYLVANIA Was to Have Got Away for Manila Yesterday Afternoon, but
Something Can)e in the Way. At the Last Mordent It Was Decided to Drop the Stearoer
Into t^e Strean) and Trjere Con)e to an Anchor. Sf)e Is Scheduled to Leave This
Morning at 9:30, and by Noon Will Be Out of Sigh)t of Land. Th)e Soldier Boys Will,
Therefore, Eat Th;eir Midday Meal on tl}e Ocean.
results to a large extent had accrued. In
timation was received that the Govern
ment had taken the matter up and would
care for its own. The telegram from Sen
ator Stewart announces the definite deci
sion of the administration.
The arrival of the big ship Scandia at
this port almost simultaneously with the
announcement of these two decisions is
said upon authority to be significant. Sho
was chartered at about the time that the
Government began preparations for the
proper hospltaling of the Philippine
forces. She is eminently fitted for hospi
tal purposes, and the plan, as understood
at headquarters, is to dispatch the Scan
dia with one regiment and the hospital
corps for Manila.
CAMP AT THE PRESIDIO.
Good News for Washington
Volunteers — Dress Parade
on the Reservation.
A well-founded rumor, which Is said to
have come from a reliable and authentic
source, was in circulation at the Presidio
yesterday to the effect that the First Vol
unteer Regiment of Washington is to be
concentrated here. This report caused
considerable excitement and no little sat
isfaction among the Washington soldiers.
When interviewed upon the subject. Ma
jor J. J. Weisenburger, commanding the
First Battalion of the regiment, which is
now stationed at the Presidio, said: "I
understand the rumor is true, and if such
is the case I am very thankful. I have
command of the First Battalion, which is
here; Lieutenant Colonel Fife has the
Second at Angel Island, and Colonel J.
H. Whalley is with the Third at Vancou
ver Barracks. Under the second call a
new battalion has been organized in the
State, and as I understand it, this is to
relieve the Third at Vancouver, which
will then be ordered here. Thus the regi
ment will be gotten together as a whole,
and in my opinion this move will be at
tended with most gratifying results. I un
derstand the rumor to this effect Is true."
Private Charles W. Keese, Company B,
First Washington Regiment, Is danger
ously ill in t,he Presidio Hospital with
meningitis.
Captain Came, commanding the Utah
troop of cavalry, who has been in Salt
Lake City on a furlough, will return on
Thursday. Lieutenant Smith is command
ing in his absence.
Sergeant do Vigne of the troop has been
relieved from special duty at Camp Mer
ritt and ordered to rejoin his troop at the
Presidio.
The Third Battalion of the Second Regl
mont of Volunteer Engineers. Major
Langfelt commanding, is still in need of a
few recruits. The engineers are rapidly
being equipped, and in a short time they
will be ready for active service. Major
Langfitt Is putting the men daily through
a very severe drill that is fast rounding
them into shape.
Colonel Harber of the First Now York
is still at the University Club, where he
is confined to his room by a slight Indis
position, and in his absence Lieutenant
Colonel Stacpole is in command. The reg
iment Inaugurated its daily drills yester
day, with parade at 7 o'clock in the even
ing. This will be the chief feature every
day. The regiment is in great shape and
affairs and men alike are working hard to
be ready for the trip to the Orient when
orders come.
The Wyoming "Alger" Light Artillery
will in all probability be sent along with
the First New York, for garrison duty at
Honolulu. This is a rather recent devel
opment In the slate, but from what could
be learned, it is correct. The officers and
men expect to go. It was learned yester
day that Colonel Barber. First New York,
only accepted the assignment of garrison
duty for his regiment at Honolulu with
the understanding that the ultimate des
tination of his command should be the
Philippines. _
SEVENTH CALIFORNIA.
The President May Interpose
arid Order the Regiment
to the Front.
The powers that are of the Seventh Cal
ifornia Volunteers have decided to give
up their relying upon their efficiency,
their "set-up," their drill and other qual
ities of that sort, trivial to the minds of
political warriors, and instead to do as
others who have gone before have done,
enlist their powerful political influence
in order to bring gratification to their
strong desire to broach the Spanish fort
resses of Manila Bay.
The Seventh California has camped on
one wind-blown sand dune or another at
Camp Merritt since May 7. They have
watched one expedition after another
march out of camp and have possessed
their sorely tried souls in patience, hoping
that their splendid condition and perfect
equipment would place them next on the
list.
A letter from Washington, addressed to
& strong friend of the Seventh, one day
last week, shattered their dream of
"next." The Southern California regi
ment was awakened to the fact that a
number of its officers had been altogeth
er too prominent on the wrong end of the
San Pedro fight to suit the head of the
department that had that matter under
its jurisdiction.
There is still a good bit of politics left
in the Seventh's officers, even if the San
Pedro matter isn't pushing very hard.
They called an officers' meeting for Sat
urday night last and from all accounts it
was little short of an indignation meeting.
The status of affairs was discussed at
length and a concerted plan of action.
The novices in ball cartridge warfare
have fallen back on "high ball" politics,
in which they are not novices. The nec
essary strings are a-pull in Washington
and a bombardment is on from this end.
Senator Perkins has enlisted and only
yesterday Governor Budd wired a per
sonal message to President McKinley so
liciting recognition of the Seventh and
their rights of priority.
That the radical change in policy is al
ready productive of favorable symptoms
is demonstrated by the fact that Brigadier
General Otis said to a Call reporter on
Sunday that the "Seventh w<?uld leave
to-day if they had a ship."
He further stated that the first fleet of
transports that left this port is expected
by the department to be returned by the
30th inst. and that it would, according to
his understanding, sail again on the sth
or 6th of August."
EIGHTH CALIFORNIA.
Liberality of the Donahue Line
to the Members of the Regi-
ment Appreciated.
CAMP BARR-TT, SATHER STA
TION, Cal., July 18.— It has been decided
to move the regimental camp across the
electric railroad to the east of the pres
ent location within a day or two. The
regimental officers have considered all
the plans for bettering the drainage of
the camp and arrived at the conclusion
that the best thing to be done was to
get near enough to a sewer to connect,
so as to carry off all the waste water
from the kitchen faucets. The new site is
a long, narrow strip of land, which will
necessitate the disarrangement of the
present plan of the camp to some extent.
The matter of how the camp shall be laid
out is now being considered and as soon
as satisfactorily settled the order to move
will be issued.
The members of Company C, Petaluma;
Company D, San Rafael, and Company B,
Santa Rosa, received 10« tickets to-day
from A. W. Foster, president of the San
Francisco and North Pacific Railroad,
better known as the Donahue broad
gauge. The donation represents nearly
$S(X) in cash, and will enable every man of
toe three companies named to visit home
with only the fare to and from camp to
San Francisco. The tickets are round
trips and were sent to the captains com
manding the companies. When counter
signed by that official they will be hon
ored for the soldiers' passage from San
Francisco to either of the three towns as
designated. The news was received with
great pleasure by the rffen, but Colonel
Henshaw sees hundreds of applicants for
furloughs that the transportation may
be used.
A good joke Is going the rounds of the
camp on Captain William S. Barnes, Com
pany C, Petaluma, In company drill the
sets of fours march forty-four inches
apart. In one of the movements it becomes
necessary for the commandnig officer to
pass through between two sets of fours
and take his place on the other side. Cap
tain Barnes was somewhat slow in get
ting through and the lines closed some
what so that when he attempted to make
the change he crowded one of the fours
entirely out of place and broke up the line.
It is now said that hereafter Company C
will march with intervals of el|rhty-elght
Inches between fours, so that their cap
tain may always be able to get into his
place.
Captain William Elliott, Company D,
San Rafael, has repeatedly been mistaken
in camp for Captain Barnes. The latter
went down to Mountain View yesterday
to visit his wife and baby. Many of the
visitors had read or hoard of the large of
ficer, and frequently groups could be seen
watching Captain Elliott, while some one
was explaining to the others that it was
Captain Barnes.
The services at the Army Christian
Commission tent this evening were con
ducted by Rev. A. T. Needham of the
Eighth-avenue Methodist Church and
some of his young people. Tuesday, Wed
nesday and Thursday evenings Evangelist
Crittenton will occupy the tent with evan
gelistic services. The members of Com
pany X of Colusa will have a debate Fri
day night. Henri Fairweather of Ala
meda will sing patriotic songs, including
"Who's Afraid? a song written and ded
icated to Company G. Saturday evening
Rev. F. D. Bovard of Alameda will speak
to the soldiers.
While swimming last evening Van
Gretchen of Company L, Marysville,
threw his shoulder out of place. He was
taken to the hospital tent, where Dr.
Dudley ordered him to stand erect. The
quick response threw the bone back Into
place. He was discharged to-day as
cured, although somewhat lame from his
queer experience.
The guard detail to-night consists of
Captain P. T. Riley, Company I, Grass
Valley, officer of the day; Lieutenant S.
M. English, Company D, San Rafael, of
ficer of the guard, and Lieutenant F. S.
Drady, Company L, Marysville, super
officer of the guard.
The Catholic Truth Society erected a
large tent directly in front of their small
one this morning. This will give them
more room to entertain soldiers as well as
for reading and writing purposes.
County Assessor William Vanderbilt of
Marin County was a visitor in camp to
day. His son, Newell Vanderbilt, is first
sergeant of Company D.
FIRST SOUTH DAKOTA.
The Regiment Hourly Expect
ing to Break Camp and
Embark.
Colonel Frost, First South Dakota Vol
unteers, has not yet received his orders to
break camp and go aboard the steamship
Rio Janeiro, but he expects to secure his
instructions to-day. The regiment, how
ever, may not go aboard the ship until to
morrow or Thursday.
The route of march from Camp Merritt
to the Pacific Mall dock will be along
Point Lobos and Central avenues. Post,
Market and Second streets, to Brannan.
CLAIMS HE WAS CHOKED.
Chaplain Stull of the First Montana
Regiment claims that Captain Dunlevy
of the Harbor police treated him with
unnecessary roughness during some
trouble between embarking 1 soldiers at the
wharf yesterday morning. It is said tn<it
the matter has been reported to the Chief
of Police, and charges may be made
against the captain to the Commissioners.
The trouble is said to have come about
while Chaplain Stull was trying to attend
to the injuries of William Stanley, a pri
vate in the regiment, who was hit by one
of his comrades. Stanley made an assault
with a knife on Lieutenant J. G. Chelley
of his company and another private
struck Stanley, who was intoxicated, with
ADVERTISEMENTS.
■®-®— ®— o— ®— ®— ®— ®-®— o-®— ®- ®— ®— ®— ®— ®— ®— ®— ®-®~®-®-®— ®-
§An Honest Offer
To Weak Men.
To Men Who Suffer From the Effects
of Past Mistakes— Whose Vitality is
Gradually Wasting— To Those Par-
ticularly Who Have Drugged in Vain
— This Is a Fair Offer.
I have nothing to give free — nobody gives value for nothing — but I
want to prove to every honest man that my Electric Beit, known and praised
in every hamiet in the land, does cure and has cured in thousands of cases
this weakening drain upon young men. There have been published in my
book, in the daily papers and by other means over 5000 voluntary state-
ments from men who told of their cures of this wasting weakness by my
Belt. OVER 5000.
I Will Pay $1000 in Gold
To the man or woman who will disprove one of these 5000 and odd testi-
monials. I have the original letters or the signed statements of each man
on file, and will be glad to show them to any honest seeker for truth.
It Is an Electric Life-Giver.
This wonderful Belt of mine pours energy into the weakened parts
during the night, while the patient sleeps, developing the nerves and
muscles and restoring the old vigor, + he snap and power of man.
READ THE BOOK, "THREE CLASSES OF MEN."
It is free, sealed, by mail. It is full of these grateful letters. Send or
call for it. Free test of the Belt at the office. Call or direct
DR. A. T. SANDEN, not in drug stores.
-02 Market Street, Comer Kearny, San Franoitoo.
Office hours. 8 A. M. to S P. M.; Sundays. , Dr - Sandens Electric Belt
10 to 1. Branches at Lob Angeles, Cal.. 2044 '■ never sold in drug store*
South Broadway: Portland, Or., 255 Washing- nor fe y traveling agents; oalr
ton street: Denver. Col.. 9JI Sixteenth street; at °ur office.
DtJlaa. T«x-. 285 Main street. * *
the butt of his gun. Stanley's jaw was
fractured and he was taken to the hospi
tal, after which he was booked for assault
with a deadly weapon.
When Chaplain Stull pp*- Stanley was
injured he went up to him to see if he
could do anything- for him. "While he
waa nf>ar the injured man, he says that
Captain j^unlevy grabbed him by the
throat and threw him back and then in
quired who he was. Stull, who wore no
uniform, told the captain he was the
chaplain of the regiment ana again sought
to go up to Stanley. The captain then
told him he did not believe he belonged
to the regiment' and crowded him back
a second time.
Captain Dunlevy was seen last evening
at his home and denied positively that
there had been any disturbance at the
wharf or that he had <iad trouble with
any one.
Military Orders.
To enable him to accept a commission
as second lieutenant. First New York Vol
unteer Infantry, Sergeant Major James R.
Goodall of that regiment will be dis
charged from the service of the United
States.
The commanding officer of the Presidio
will cause all serviceable horse equip
ments recently turned in by troops of the
Fourth Cavalry to be properly packed for
shipment, invoiceu to the chief ordnance
officer of the Eighth Army Corps, at Ma
nila, and turned over to the depot quar
termaster in this city for shipment.
Lieutenant G. H. Tilly, T'nited States
Volunteer Signa. Corps, will report to
Colonel H. C. Kessler. First Montana Vol
unteer Infantry, and accompany that reg
iment on the steamer Pennsylvania to
Manila, where upon arrival he will report
to the commanding general, Department
of the Pacific.
New York Reception.
A reception will be given by the ladies
of the California-street M. E. Church,
corner of California and Broderick streets,
to the New York regiment this evening.
The programme will be furnished by the
troys themselves. A cordial invitation ia
especially extended to such citizens as
were formerly from New York. An ad
mission fee of 10c will be charged citizens
—soldiers admitted free. An interesting
time is expected.
56
TUESDAY JULY 19, 1808
: . JOHN D. ' SPRECKELS, Proprietor^ '
• Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
\ PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts-. S. F.
Telephone Main 1868.
" PITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE ©AN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cents.
.. THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE «« ...90S Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
Washington (D. C.) OFFICE Rica* Hou««
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Mnrquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
{RANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky street*, open until 9 o'clock,. : :~<'f-l-
amusements;
Columbia— "Liberty Hall "
Alcazar— "Faust
Morosco's— "Captain Impudence "
Tlvoll— "The Bells of Corneville."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
The chutes— Zoo, Vaudeville and Cannon, the 618-pound Man.
Olympla— Corner Mason and Eddy streets, Specialties.
fcutro b Baths— Swimming.
El Canipo— Music, daucingr.boatlnsr. fishing , every Sunday.
AUCTION SALES.
By Xi lip* Co.— This day, July 19, Horses, at corner Market
street and Van Ness avenue, at 11 o c;oc£-
NO PARTIALITY SHOWN.
IN listing the unpatriotic corporations which are
squirming from under the responsibility of paying
a war tax, the idea is not to cause them pain, but to
arouse within them a sense of duty. Until now the
Postal Telegraph Company had not been mentioned.
It is hereby appended. It belongs in the class with
Wells- Fargo, the Western Union and the Southern
Pacific. The Telephone Company was in the same
class, but dropped out with a pean of glorifying praise
for itself when it found it could no longer stay.
Even if there may be some technicality by which
telegraph concerns can make customers pay the cor
poration tax, instead of themselves obeying the law,
it would be a mighty mean corporation which would
take advantage of it. The intent of Congress was
plain. It did not .strive to provide a way in which
one big company could evade its share of the burden
of war while another company would be held respon
sible to the limit of the schedule. Most clearly of all
it did not intend that the Postal or the Western
Union should wholly escape, and the taxes they ought
to pay be paid by the private citizen, who uncomplain
ingly is paying taxes of his own. Corporations have
seemed at times to be favored, but there is not the
slightest indication that the present is one of these
times.
The injustice of the Postal contention, the same as
that of the Western Union, is particularly apparent
when the fact is considered that their profits, already
large, have been vastly increased by the war, while
business in many other directions has been injured.
Yet people of every class are cheerfully accepting the
common load. The Postal does not accept. The
managers of it and of other institutions like it ought
to be ashamed, and quick measures should be taken
to force them to pay their dues.
THE INDEMNITY QUESTION.
HOWEVER long the war with Spain may con
tinue it is likely the greater part of the fighting
is over. The destruction of two Spanish fleets
without any loss to our own, and the capture of the
strongly fortified city of Santiago with a numerous
army after a comparatively short campaign, should
be sufficient to convince even the most obstinate of
Spaniards that it will be folly to risk any further con
flicts either by land or sea.
Watson's fleet will soon set out in search of the last
fleet of Spain, and an army corps is now ready
for immediate descent upon Porto Rico. Watson
will find Camara hidden away in a fortified harbor,
and the troops that invade Porto Rico will find what
ever Spanish forces are in that island ready to retire
or to capitulate without much fighting. What is left
of the war will be simply the prolongation of it by
every means which the Spaniards can devise to escape
our guns and avoid a battle.
Under these circumstances the main subject of in
terest in the war is the problem of determining the
conditions to be imposed upon Spain in making
peace. This raises of course the question of the
amount of indemnity that will be demanded of her
and the steps we shall have to take to secure its pay
ment. We are dealing with what is not merely a bank
rupt nation but a poverty-stricken people, and that
fact will have to be taken into consideration in fixing
the amount we shall require her to pay for compelling
us to enter upon the war.
If we should follow the precedents set by other vic
torious nations in recent wars the indemnity we would
demand of Spain would be sufficient to crush her for
ever. Germany exacted from France two rich prov
inces, many strong fortresses and $1,000,000,000. Rus
sia wrung from Turkey extensive territorial conces
sions and $225,000,000, and would have exacted thrice
that sum if Great Britain had not interfered and ar
ranged peace by concert of Europe. Japan took from
China the island of Formosa, required the abandon
ment of her exclusive claims in Korea and exacted
$175,000,000 for indemnity. The Turks would have
imposed an equally heavy burden upon Greece if
Europe had not prevented and limited the exactions
of the victors to a strip of territory and $20,000,000.
If our demands upon the Spanish are made on a
similar scale we shall require of them an indemnity
heavier than they can pay for years, and will hold
their colonies until the amount is paid. That would
of course mean the permanent occupation of them by
our troops on much the same terms that Great Britain
occupies Egypt. Moreover, no European concert
could interfere to prevent the enforcement of our full
demand, as was done when Russia surrendered her
original claims upon Turkey, Turkey upon Greece
and Japan upon China.
Fortunately for Spain the United States are a gener
ous nation, and the American people are not vindic
tive. If she sues for peace now she can get it on com
paratively easy terms. Every week of prolonged war
will, however, add to the amount of the indemnity to
be demanded. If the Spanish Government is wise it
will, therefore, not only avoid battle but end the war
at once.
If the Queen Regent expects this country to respect
her she must quit giving audience to that fellow Wey
ler. Somebody ought to tell her he is a bad man.
THE COOLIES IN HAWAII.
DR. PARDEE'S newspaper in Oakland says:
"The Call is revenging itself for defeat in the
annexation of Hawaii. ... It demands
that all contract labor previously imported into the
islands shall be expelled. Of course this is impracti
cable, and all that can be reasonably be asked is that
from this time on the contract labor laws shall apply
to Hawaii. . . . Even the suggestion that the
Chinese in Hawaii shall be prevented from migrating
to other parts of the country is of doubtful practica
bility." The doctor might as well say that the consti
tution of the United States is trying to revenge itself
for the defeat in the annexation of Hawaii, for it was
defeated, and not The Call.
As the constitution has been overridden and we
have taken Hawaii against the consent of 98 per cent
of its people, California has every reason to fear what
may follow in the form of government which is to be
dictated by the island planters and the Dole oligarchy.
This fear originates in the presence on the islands of
50,000 Asiatic coolies. Their number has been largely
increased during the last few months. We have not
limited our demand for their expulsion from the
islands to contract labor alone, as the doctor mis
takenly states. He admits that if they are left in Hawaii
their exclusion from the rest of the country is of
doubtful practicability. Such exclusion was a feature
of the annexation treaty and of the unconstitutional
resolution under which we have taken the islands.
The Call said months ago that it was a sham and that
the annexationists never intended to enforce it, and
now the doctor admits this to be true, but accuses us
of making demands in behalf of California that cannot
be granted.
Why can they not be? The doctor's newspaper
seems to be talking for the employers of Asiatic
coolies here and in the islands rather than for white
labor and white wages in California. We demand the
deportation of all Asiatic coolies now in Hawaii,
whether under contract or free. Unless this is done
Hawaii becomes an open door for the admission of
coolies to this State. Send them home and that closes
the door. Does Dr. Pardee want it kept open? He
admits that they can probably come, notwithstanding
their pretended exclusion in the annexation resolu
tion. He admits the hypocrisy and show of the whole
proceeding, and decries our effort to secure protection
for California by impressing our needs upon the com
mission in which Hawaii has two votes and we have
none, owing to the culpable neglect of the Western
Senators whose votes made annexation possible.
In this city white women, the widows and the
mothers of soldiers, are crying out against the compe
tition of a hundred coolies in the manufacture of uni
forms for the War Department. Those women need
that work and their children want the bread it will
earn. This is the cry and the need of our own flesh
and blood against the alien coolie. But what is the
competition of a hundred coolies compared to that of
50.000! It is contemptible for Dr. Pardee to prattle
about our demands being dictated by revenge and im
possible to be granted while white children need
bread that is snatched from them by coolies.
We repeat that California demands of this Illinois,
Alabama and Hawaiian Commission:
The deportation of all coolies now in the Islands;
the absolute prohibition of further coolie or blackbird
immigration thereto; and the extension of the eight
hour day and existing labor laws to the islands.
There is nothing impracticable in these demands.
They simply put the employers in the islands on an
equal footing with the employers in California. We
are paying their debts, and propose to pay the cost
of their government. Why should we add to these
advantages a superiority of right to the employers of
labor? The stars and stripes should mean, every
where, political equality. But Dr. Pardee seems to
think that in Hawaii the flag is to mean inequality,
with California as the under dog.
"YELLOW DOG" YEARS.
THE impression which is gaining ground in Re
publican circles that James G. Maguire is going
to be an easy man to defeat ior Governor of this
State should be abandoned early in the campaign. No
candidate who appeals to the passions, prejudices and
whims of the masses is an easy man to defeat for any
office. It is always unsafe to calculate that dema
gogues if given sufficient rope will hang themselves.
True, many people readily see through the thin veil
which hides from the public the false pretenses of the
men who often ride into power by promising to
remedy government abuses, but the great mass are un
able to penetrate it and are prone to believe and trust
their words.
Judge Maguire is no novice at demagogy. He
thoroughly understands the art of making pretense
stand for deed. He is a professional office-seeker, a
master of campaign methods and an orator of no
mean ability. He can stand a large amount of hard
work with his jaw, and will probably be able to tender
any candidate the Republicans may name a difficult
oratorical battle. Those who think it will be easy to
defeat him should pause a moment and take a brief
survey of history.
Four years ago James H. Budd was an easy man to
defeat, yet he carried San Francisco by 10,000 majority
and ran Estee behind his ticket in nearly every county
of the State. The year 1894 was a "yellow dog" year.
The present year is gradually getting to be looked
upon as a similar year. The war, it is said, has created
a strong Republican sentiment, and improved busi
ness conditions have resolved much public discontent
which has heretofore manifested itself in Populism
and silverism. This may all be true. The same things
were said four years ago. Then the Republicans were
"sure" of the Governorship, and yet when the votes
were counted they found a Democrat had the office.
Maguire's attitude toward Populism, his single-tax
theories and the other sources of his political weak
ness should be put aside. He is not an easy man to
defeat, and if the Republicans make their campaign
on any such assumption they may again lose the
State.
What should he done this year, so far as the Gover
nor is concerned, is to proceed on the theory that the
strongest, brainiest, most popular and most inde
pendent man in the party must be nominated. Politi
cal hacks, boss candidates, programmers, factionists
and the political rap-tags who always seek the Gov
ernorship in "yellow dog" years should be consigned
to purgatory at the outset. The Australian ballot en
courages independent voting, and the people care lit
tle for party labels. They will not vote for "yellow
dogs," even though they are Republican dogs and
bear the Republican label. The great necessity of the
moment is a man free from political entanglements,
factions, the bosses, the railroad and all other malign
influences. If such a man is nominated for Governor
he will give character to the entire campaign and be
elected by an overwhelming majority. If a pro
gramme candidate is selected, or a representative of
factions, or a tool of the railroad, or, what is equally
bad. a favorite of the bosses, it will be useless to go
to the expense of holding an election. Judge Maguire
will defeat him.
Instead of propagating the notion, therefore, that
the demagogic Congressman is an easy man to beat,
the Republicans should look the issue square in the
face. He is a dangerous candidate and is going to be
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 19, 1898.
hard to beat. There are no more "yellow dog"
years. The Australian ballot system has abolished
that species of political cur as well as his "years."
TROUBLES OF THE PIEBALDS.
THE Populist State Convention and the proceed
ings of the State Committee of the Inoppor
tunists offer material for anything from the
tragedy to the farce of ambition. Judge Maguire
seems to retain the distrust of the Democratic party
which he expressed on bidding it a final farewell in
1887. He regards it as an organization which pursues
the swill harrel and is to be influenced only by what
is poured in the trough. Acting upon this measure
ment of the party with which he affiliates for revenue
only, he intrigued with the Populists for the nomina
tion, believing that with such a start he had only to
get within hearing of the Democratic convention with
the swill pail in his hand and cry "Po-ig, po-ig," and
the whole party would run to him. Chairman Alvord,
of the inopportunist committee, seems to have been
the steerer of this plan for the Judge. Mr. Alvord is
convinced that getting an office and political reform
are convertible terms. In a signed interview in the
Examiner he said: "It is perfectly evident that what
ever the language of the respective platforms may be,
and whatever planks either may contain, there can be
no clash between them. The question of platform pre
sents no obstacle to a union of the reform forces." If
that is not the squeal of a political pig late in the fall,
when the oak mast is all eaten and the rooting is hard,
what is it?
Over against It is this declaration by Triumvir
Gould, of the Inopportunist committee, at its session
during the Populist convention:
"I am a Democrat, but if the Democratic party
enunciates principles to which I cannot subscribe I
am no longer a Democrat." So it seems that the
question of platform does "present obstacles to a union
of the reform forces." What Mr. Gould intended to
say is: "I am a Democrat, and if the party enunciates
un-Democratic principles I will show my Democracy
by opposing it."
But in either form the declaration will be taken by
Chairman Alvord to mean that Mr. Gould's oak mast
is not exhausted, for he cannot understand why any
one should let a matter of principle stand in the way
of getting an office. He is ably seconded by a mem
ber of the Populist convention, who informed that
body that platforms don't amount to anything.
We believe that Webster Flannagan of Flannagans
Mills, Texas, is dead. In the flesh that political pec
cary of the Staked Plains once asked a Republican
National Convention, "What are we here for except
office?" If his disembodied shade notes mundane
things, one can fancy him tuning his harp to play
"There Are Others," when he heard from the Califor
nia statesmen.
There comes now a period of anxiety while waiting
for Judge Maguire to accept the Populist platform
and nomination. It is true that Jefferson would re
gard the platform as a patch of political weeds and
would sow it with salt. It was the gamut of fads, from
Government ownership and operation of "public utili
ties." whatever that means, to the issue of "a more
and fittener currency" made full legal tender with no
provision for its redemption. It contains every gov
ernmental theory to which Jefferson was opposed, but
that will not deter a Jeffersonian Democrat like
Mapruire from swallowing it, provided an office goes
with it.
THE GALLANT SEVENTH-
THERE is nothing surprising in the fact that the
soldiers of the Seventh California are growing
impatient They have long been kept on the
wind-swept sands of Camp Merritt. They had been
quick to respond to the call to arms. Every day that
passes makes their quarters less congenial, while the
unhealthfulness of the camp is acknowledged. Yet
the men of the Seventh must not forget they are sol
diers, sworn to obey orders to go where duty makes
necessary, or stay if such be the sacrifice required of
them. The people of this city would be glad to have
the ambitions of the boys gratified. They would be
proud to have this regiment sent to the Philippines or
to the West Indies, knowing that wherever the for
tune of war may lead they will be an honor to the
State. They are ready and anxious to fight for their
country. While they await the summons they have a
chance to show the stuff of which they are made. The
call will come in time. The war is not over.
Let the Seventh be counseled to patience. There are
other regiments as eager, and yet they too are held
here. lowa, Kansas and Tennessee all have full regi
ments at this point, and these thousands of men ar
rived supposing they would be rushed to the front.
They, too, are fretting under the delay, but to bear it
without grumbling, to rely on the wisdom of the
commander, is the test of military fitness. It might
be wished that at least one California regiment would
be called East. From Pennsylvania and New York
volunteer soldiers have been dispatched to California
and beyond. We have greeted these as friends and
made them welcome. It would be pleasing if we were
to send our own to the Atlantic coast. Such a course
would strengthen the fraternal bond, already strong,
between sections. If there is no demand for the
Seventh at the Philippines now men are needed else
where.
It does not seem within the bounds of probability
that the Seventh Is to be denied an opportunity to test
its mettle in the face of the enemy. Wherever It may
go good wishes will follow it; a feeling of pride and
confidence.
NEGLECTING THE CREMATORY.
PERHAPS the hardest swearing done in this city
is that designed to lend to Examiner circula
tion figures the dignity of appearing to be be
lieved by the publishers themselves. For the sake of
arguing and at the same time avoiding unseemly con
troversy, no harm will be done by regarding the oath
author temporarily as reliable.
According to the swears of this distinguished gentle
man the paid circulation for June was less than that
of May by 4350 copies daily, and also less than that of
January. Yet the country is in the midst of war, and
there is profound interest in news from the scenes of
battle. If January circulation was as stated, there
being at that time no apparent prospect of war, why
should June circulation be less? Why should there
have been so large a falling off between May and
June?
Perhaps in their quest for news people prefer to
have the sort they can believe. It may be they have
had too much of the style of journalism which is
mostly lying and a brass band. Or possibly the maker
of oaths occasionally swears in a chunk of circulation
which has been burned with other offal. This is really
"paid" circulation, since the yellow journalists put up
20 cents a yard for having it reduced to ashes, the
price including cartage, and being regarded as reason
able. With a well-equipped crematory available there
is no excuse discernible for the Examiner's waning
figures.
Poor old Spain's course is not without a precedent.
Corbett tried to fight after his solar plexus had been
jarred out of place.
THE COGSWELL FOUNTAIN.
To the Editor of The Call— Dear Sir: In your issue of June 23 is an
editorial stating that permission was given by the Supervisors to a com
mittee of merchants to remove the "dilapidated Cogswell fountain at the
junction of California and Market streets," and in a later issue that "un
doubtedly the time has arrived when it is proper to dismantle" the above
fountain.
Now, Mr. Editor, will you explain why the time has arrived that a
drinking fountain donated in good faith, accepted and agreed to be taken
care of by the city, should be removed, when presumably the only objec
tionable feature of this fountain was by an act of vandalism destroyed
several years ago by some young men whose artistic feelings were so
worked upon by the iron image of an old man that they at midnight, in
great fear, attached a rope and pulled it down? It would have been well
for the Vendome column in Paris, in the days of the Commune, had its
assailants been of the kind who only in darkness dared do a deed claimed
for their country's good.
And what reason in excuse could the Chief of Police of this city at that
time offer for not arresting, when well known, the destroyers of city prop
erty? During its existence thousands of men and animals have availed
themselves of the offered water, which act so displeased the merchants of
that vicinity they must have it removed. It Is a sad commentary on
charity and temperance when in a great city, where destitution and want
continually appears to us, that any one, unless specially injured in pocket,
could advocate the removal of a public drinking fountain.
Dr. Cogswell's idea in presenting this and other fountains was to encour
age temperance, benefit the poor and improve the city by providing a
plentiful supply of cold water.
Three weeks ago in Tompkins square. New York, and on Pennsylvania
avenue in Washington, D. C, I saw fountains presented by Dr. Cogswell
surrounded by hundreds of people waiting their turn for a drink of water,
and the merchants of those localities have not petitioned for their removal.
These two are fac-similes of the one presented to and accepted by this
city over twelve years ago, and allowed by city officials to be defaced, lost
and partially stolen while in the shadow of the City Hall. Even an official
notice that Dr. Cogswell's gifts were not desired or were to be removed
has been withheld, and his only information comes through the press.
Dr. Cogswell has made great benefactions to this State and city, and
Intended to do much more, but such treatment as he has received in many
instances from the press, the public and officials of this city is not calcu
lated to encourage philanthropy and good will to a community which so
little appreciates the distribution of wealth for charitable purposes.
July 16, 1898. J. H. CULVER.
EXTRAVAGANCE OF THE BOARD OF HEALTH.
To the Editor of The Call: Fine furniture Is always acceptable and
makes an official office very pleasant, but when it becomes a question of
paying for it, whether it belongs to the board de facto to meet the obliga
tion or whether the ctiy should pay the bill, then the taxpayer becomes
interested to know by what authority the bill was contracted, and the
Auditor at the present time has very properly called for an investigation
to learn why hand-polished furniture or any other kind is needed, and
why it is purchased without the order of the Board of Supervisors.
It may not have occurred to a majority of the people of San Francisco
that we only have a quasi city Board of Health— that it is, in fact, a State
Board of Health — appointed by the Governor with functions co-ordinate
with the highest and most important department of the municipal govern
ment, leaving the city simply as an imperiurn in imperio. It has full
charge of all ihe public charities of the city, and not even the Mayor or
Supervisor can appoint a gatekeeper or any other attache of the City or
County Hospital or the Almshouse without supplicating the Board of
Health or seeking the consent of the Governor. This is all wrong, and all
other cities are allowed to control their own affairs. Should the new
charter become the organic law of the city, this mistake will be corrected.
In making this brief criticism Ido not reflect upon the integrity of the
honorable Board of Health, for they are numbered among the most promi
nent members of the medical profession and esteemed citizens, but by
virtue of their office they are expected to be governed by the request of
those who secured their appointment, and the city cannot remove any of
their appointees for misdemeanor or any cause, and strangers and non-resi
dents may secure appointments which the humble citizen cannot obtain.
This condition is strictly political on the plea that to the "victor belongs
the spoils," and is gracefully conceded by the politician, while the humble
citizen looks on and wonders why it is so; and only when the board enters
into any scheme of extravagance do those in authority, to whom is in
trusted millions of the city's money, call for a halt and ask that an investi
gation be made; and did they not perform this duty they would be charged
with negligence, If not connivance to wrong the city.
No department of the city has a legal right to expend more than $500
without advertising for bids to supply whatever is required, and while the
city furnishes the money it should have the right to say to whom as well
as for what the money Is to be paid. DR. WASHINGTON AVER.
JUDAISM AND THE WAR.
Editor Call— Dear Sir: Tom Meyers' "Revenge" article in your edition of July
3 may represent the views of Tom Meyers, but not of Judaism at large. Judaism
of to-day does not kick any man when he is down. We seek no revenge against
Spain because she mistreated our ancestors 400 years ago. We forgive and forget
and do not believe that two wrongs make one right. If the fathers of the present
Spanish generation have maltreated our ancestors, things cannot be amended by
hurling defiance and revenge at the present generation. I admire any Jew who
fights for America. I despise him who under the cloak of American citizenship
joins the ranks to get revenge for what Spain did 400 years ago. He is no
better than the worthless Cuban who would fall on the defenseless sailors of the
Cervera fleet. The Rothschilds do not base their loans on sentiment, but on busi
ness principles. The United States can get money, because the securlt is good.
Spain has trouble getting monejfc because she is in bad financial shape. To say,
in fact, that the Rothschilds have any other motive in rejecting loans is the rank
est nonsense and a libel on Judaism. Some people will never learn. Two thou
sand years ago our ancestors made a blunder in hanging a man for his convic
tions. This blunder has cost Judaism untold lives and miseries, until more en
lightened days dawned, and the conclusion was arrived at that it is a gross in
justice to blame the Jews of to-day for misdeeds of their forefathers 2000 years ago.
Do unto others what you would have others do unto you! If the persecution
against Jews shall cease for former delinquencies let the Jews cease to persecute
their less fortunate fellowman for misdeeds done by his ancestors 400 years ago.
The true Jew no longer believes in a god of revenge. The God of love has in
fused new hope and new spirit into our mission, since we have realized that it i 3
wrong to believe him capable of revenge. If the love of the heavenly Father Is infi
nite we can please him best by following his example in drowning the spirit of re
venge and developing the spirit of love.
Tacoma, July 12. j. JACOB.
WE SUCCEEDED WHERE ENG
LAND FAILED.
In the capture of Santiago de Cuba Amer
ica has succeeded where Great Britain
failed on two occasions. The first attempt
was made in 1742, and failed because of
lack of harmony between -Vice- Admiral
Vernon and General Wentworth, com
manding the joint naval and army forces.
The expedition sailed from Jamaica July
1, 1742, and consisted of eight ships of the
line, thirteen frigates and about forty
transports with 3400 land forces. The fleet
anchored In Waltenham harbor, sixty
miles by land from Santiago de Cuba, and
Vice-Admiral Vernon was so sure of suc
cess that he changed the name of Walten
ham into that of Cumberland, in compli
ment to his royal highness, the Duke. The
Spanish fleet was at Havana, and there
was no Spanish army at Santiago ' de
Cuba.
Tho troops were disembarked, and began
their march against the object of attack
only four days distant, and a detachment I
of 150 Americans and negroes got as far as i
the village of Elleguava, but failing to get 1
support from the main body returned to ,
Ciinip. In the meantime Vernon block- I
aded Santiago awaiting with impatience j
news from the army. General Wentworth
frittered his unit" awa; until Oetuot-t 6,
when he notified the admiral of his doubt
about being able to do anything further,
and after waiting more time in the bush
and mountains the army re-embarked No
vember 20, and returned to Jamaica with
out having accomplished anything ex
cept losing a lot of men from fever. The
ships were thus forced to haul off from
Santiago, and tha Cubans were left to i
ponder over the incomprehensible conduct
of the British troops, and finally came to
the conclusion that the landing had been'!
made without hostile intent.
The second fiasco was six years later,
when Rear Admiral Knowles with ten
ships, carrying 44X guns and :;r>so men, pro
ceeded on April 5 to attack Santiago. As
the squadron approached the narrow inlet
to the harbor, Captain Dent, who as sen
ior officer, led in the Plymouth — observed
that the Spaniards had been so discour
teous as to lay a boom across the en
trance, Vith four vessels moored within j
it, two of which appeared to be fire ships.
The cautious captain correctly conjectured
that these obstructions were placed to
dissuade any attempt on the part of th<-
British to force an entrance, and calling
a council of his officers they agTced with
him that the ships would be exposed to
great danger.
The gallant Captain Dent and the other i
ships hauled off and returned to Rear Ad- '
miral Knowles explaining why they had
retired. The chief commander was furl- <
ous, and wrote a complaint to the Admir- |
alty against Captain Dent, and on the
latter*s return to England he was court- |
martlaled, but honorably acquitted. Rear j
Admiral Knowles later on found the
Spanish fleet between Tortuga and Hay- '
ana, and gave battle resulting in the
Dons losing several ships and the re
mainder being forced to flee. Knowleß
failed to follow up his advantage, and he i
was subsequently court-martialed and i
censured, but in the meantime the fleet !
was generally demoralized, charges and
counter charges were made by the several
captains, and there were more troubles
than prize money to the officers and '
crews, and Great Britain failed to cover
herself with even self-respect, so far as
the navy was concerned in the West
Indies.
A HEAVY HANDICAP.
It Is but a Spanish custom.
It was not the youngster's fault
That he never had the training
"Which would help him earn his salt.
And he couldn't raise a protest
When to christen him they came
And they solemnly afflicted
The poor infant with the name
"Alfonso XIII, Leon Ferdinand Maria
James Isidore Pascal Antonio."
And it's not at all surprising
That in business of state
And in military matters
All his people come too late.
For it's likely to occasion
An embarrassing delay
When they rally up their cohorts
And they stop to shout "Hooray
For Alfonso XIII, Leon Ferdinand Maria
James Isidore Pascal Antonio."
—Washington Star.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
P. T. BARNUM-The late P. T. Barnum
was in San Francisco in 18fi9. and deliv
ered a lecture on the 20th of May.
BAY DISTRICT FAIR-The Bay Dis
trict Agricultural Fair in 1871 in San
Francisco opened on the 21st of August
METROPOLE— E. L. G., City. The
word "metropole" is pronounced Met-ro
pol, with the sound of o in ro as in
abrogate and o in pol as o in note.
PINAFORE-S., City. Pinafore was
produced in the Fountain in the basement
of the Thurlow block, at the corner of
Sutter and Kearny streets. Harry Orn
dorff, now of the Orpheum, was in the
ATHLETIC TRAINING-A., City. You
can obtain the book on athletic training
by applying at any first-class bookstore
in this city. If you desire, you can obtain
it from the publishers, the Outing Pub
lishing Company of New York
TEAMSTERS IN HONOLULU-M. H.
C, Chico, Cal. Teamsters in Honolulu
are paid on an average $25 a month and
found This department cannot give you
any advice as to the opportunities for
teamsters obtaining employment there.
ROOT KNOT-S D. A., Templeton. Cal.
The question, "What is the cause of root
knot on prune trees, and what is the best
treatment for the same?" was submitted
to B. M. Lelong, secretary and chief hor
ticultural officer of the State Roanl of
Horticulture, and the following is his re
ply: Relative to root knot or. prune trees,
will say that it is a mysterious fungous
disease and so far it has baffled all science
in its determination and cause. There are
many theories regarding its development.
v,. 6 ? yet no one nas been ahle t0 e9e "
tabllsh by fact the cause of its growth
upon peach and almond roots. That it
appears on plum and prune trees is due
to the fact that these trees aro worked
upon peach roots. It does not attack plum I
roots. Many experiments have been made
to check its developments, but the only
one that has given partial results Is the
removal of the knots early in the fall by
cutting them with a "hisel and then
nainting over the affected part with a
strong solution of bluestone. This is re
peated again and again before the trees
put forth in the spring. During summer
they should be carefully examined; if any
knots appear they should be removed and
the trees treated with the bluestone solu
tion.
GROWING CROPS— F. D. N., Pacifio
Grove, Cal. The act of March 28, 1895,
passed by the Legislature of the State of
California, says:
All property in this State not exempt
under the laws of the United States, ex
cepting fruit and nut bearing trees under
the age of 4 years from the time of plant
ing in orchard form, and grape vines un
der the age of 3 years from the time of
planting in vineyard form, growing crops,
property used exclusively for public
schools, free public libraries, • • * 13
subject to taxation.
The succeeding Legislature did not
make any change In the law.
AROUND THE
Seymour Waterhouse Is at the Califor
nia.
J. W. Long of Ridley is staying at the
Russ.
C. W. Tuttle of Colusa is staying at the
Occidental.
H. A. Crawford, a merchant of Napa, is
at the Palace.
Cyrus R. Sargent of Minturn Is a guest
at the Occidental.
A. W. Simpson, a lumber man of Stock
ton, is at the Occidental.
Dr. Ferguson and wife of Bakersfleld
are stopping at the Palace.
Dr. and Mrs. St. D. G. Walter of Hono
lulu are staying at the California.
E. B. Midlen, connected with the Tiff
anys of New York, is at the Palace.
Charles and A. M. Erichson, railroad
contractors, are stopping at the Grand.
S. R. Young, a merchant of Lovalock,
Nev., and wife are stopping at the Russ.
C. W. Garret, a prominent mining man,
is down from Angels Camp for a few
days.
C. E. Tinkham, proprietor of the Cnico
Lumber Company, ia stopping at the
Grand.
"W. C. Hoffman and A. M. Johnetone,
merchants of Santa Cruz, are stopping at
the Grand.
There was a
story-telling bee
in one of the offi
ces of the "yel
low building"
yesterday, and
the latest
$ PIETY RECEIVES $
« A DELICATE »
B REBUKE. B
«««»tttt«M«« launched em -
braces two of tne big men In the South
ern Pacific building. Assistant General
Passenger Agent James Horsburgh, also
superintendent of the Calvary Church
Sunday-school, Is rusticating at his
ranch, the Santa Tsabel, and with him
Is J. C. Stubbs, third vice president of the
Southern Pacific and general superintend
ent over the passenger and freight de
partments. Mr. Horsburgh is a religious
man, full of piety and reverence. The
Saobath to him is a day for strict ob
servance of religious duties. On this day
Mr. Horsburgh leaves the busy cares of
the world and surrenders himself to pious
meditation. One of the most delightful
spots of the Santa Ysabel rancho is a
beautiful lake, just large enough for a
pull in a boat. But there is one blister-
Ing abomination to the complete beauty
of this glistening sheet of water, and that
Is a series of sign posts round it, that
read: "No rowing on this lake on Sun
days." Now, one of Mr. Stubbs' idiosyn
crasies is the love of rowing. When the
opportunity offers itself Mr. Stubbs, who
Is also a good Christian, would not forego
a turn on the water for the best sermon
on earth. Not being ' particularly inter
ested in sign posts he did not acquaint
himself with the prohibitive warnings on
them, and was soon at his favorite sport
the first Sunday of his visit to Ysabel
rancho. Mr. Horsburgh happened to
stroll in the direction of the lake, and to
his horror saw his superior officer in the
act of a great sacrilege. Here was a nice
question to grapple with— religious duty
or temporal welfare. The matter was de
bated in ' his mind, and the final resolu
tion was for the cause of principle. Wild
shouts issued from Mr. Horsburgh that
soon brought his superior officer to the
shore. "I am very sorry to disturb your
row, Mr. Stubbs," said the host, "but
these sign posts must stand as inviolable
law— no rowing on Sundays." >;•
Mr. Stubbs scratched his head. He
wanted his row, and this is what gave
it to him and freed him from further mo
lestation: "Mr. Horsburgh, you are in
the passenger department, I believe, and
I think you know that it is not the policy
of the company to allow an inferior officer
to dictate to a superior in a matter of
such importance."
The lake was a perfect gem to Mr.
Stubbs that Sunday morning and he com
muned with nature to the full.
H. G. Mclntyre, wife and family arrived
from Montana yesterday and are staying
at the Baldwin.
W. A. Aldrich of Spokane and C. F.
Adams of Portland, mining men of the
north, are registered at the Palace.
S. W. Phillips, a well-known merchant
of Honolulu, arrived yesterday from
Honolulu and is staying at th« Occi
dental.
B. Benslnger, a prominent wheat broker
of Chicago and a member of the Board of
Trade of that city, is registered at the
Palace.
Mrs. A. W. Stelnhart of San Luis Obispo
is visiting her daughter, Mrs. A, Hoffman,
1009 Scott street. At home first and third
Thursdays.
Mrs. Dr. J. F. Dillon has gone to Pacific
Grove, accompanied by her two, sons. She
will spend a somewhat lengthy vacation
In that place.
H. E. Adams and wife of Santa Cruz
are stopping at the Grand. Mr. Adams
will attend the meeting of the Pacific
Coast Gas Association.
Professor George S. Mlehling, Instructor
at the Olympic Club, has just returned
from his two weeks' vacation at Ander
son Springs, Lake County. He has recov
ered from the effects of a badly sprained
knee.
Captain Guy S. Eddie, surgeon of the
United States army, who returned from
Alaska on the steamer St. Paul, is at the
Occidental. He has been absent from the
Presidio about a year, having been on
duty with Captain Randall's detachment
along the Yukon River.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 610 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Pierre Loti's recent adulation of Spain
and the Queen Regent in the Paris Figaro
has been rewarded by the conferment on
him of the grand cross of the order of
Isabel la Catolica.
Rates Are Cut
To Bed rock. Call at • new ticket offlca
of tho Santa Fe route at 628 Market »t. Very
low rates to all Eastern cities. It will pay
you to investigate.
TO PORTLAND. OREGON, 48 hours. First
cabin. $12; second-class. X, including meals
and berths. Steamship Columbia, 2000 tons,
July 10. 18, 28. August S. Steamship State of
California, IROO tons. July 14, 22. 30, August 7.
Sail from Folsom-street pier No. 12, 10 a. m.
No better or more modern steamships on Pa
cific coast. A cool and delightful summer
trip: exhilarating sea air. The public Is wel
come and Invited to vjsit these ships while ia
port. Office 830 Mnrket street.
Volunteers leaving ror the South— Prorlde
yourselves with a bottlo of Dr. Slegert's Angos
tura Bittern. Prevents 111 •ffeots of bad waterHOT SHOT FOR
PRESBYTERIANS
Owen Jone. Mojces a
Sensational Talk.
MINISTERS WERE ASTOUNDED
LOCAL PREACHERS CHARGED
WITH LACK Ojc' INTEREST.
Rev. E. S. Chapman Wants the Sol
diers Encamped at Richmond
to Be Removed to the
Presidio.
About n dozen Presbyterian ministers,
with surprise, annoyance and what next
5 on their countenances, spent
a bad half hour yesterday morning lis
tening warm expressions from
Owen Joni Idressed their weekly
:.g on "The, Attitude of Ministers on
the Sabbath Question."
■■I h i tew Sabbath conventions
on this coast." said Mr. Jones at the out- j
t t. "1 remember one about three years i
npo, held in this city. It was a Statp con- j
•;, too. It was well-advertised over j
the land. There were from fifteen to |
twenty present In the morning meeting j
In the afternoon four or rive more. ,
veiling meeting was to be a public
and Mr. Rader was to speak, but
there were so few in attendance that he j
ie actually discouraged and did not i
"Where were the others on such a day? |
They wero gone for recreation to the
Cliff Huv.se or some oth< r place after the
hard work of the previous Sunday '
ing to empty pews, for all will ad- I
mit that is an exceedingly laborious and !
.. task, ur they were busy prepar
w sermons to preach to the few
ils who would listuii to them the I
lay.
"E\ meeting convened in be
half of the Sabbath Is a complete failure.
ci ;t~t, and why. Simply because
nistera take no* special interest In
• "I say if the ministers of
rnia and of San Francisco had done
duty twenty years ago such crim
es Sontag and Evans would have
Impossible. The soil of the country
I not have produced them. The in
nta necessary would not have been
found in the ground. The administrator
of a quiet Sabhath and the bracing and
purifying air of Sinai and the ten com
mandments and above all the gospel of
i Ihrist would have killed those crlm
n the germ and Durraiu would not
grown here in San Francisco under
ry breath of your nostrils, into that
: and ripeness of iniquity which
made him the blackest criminal of the i
-
■ I am glad that in speaking this way I
"d backing. 1 would hardly
venture to do so before a venerable body
of Presbyterian ministers. I should be
; of them. But, happily, I need not
fear tin;, thing on this occasion; I have the
embly at my back.
ive been told that a pastor of the
g Presbyterian church of San Fran- j
• n leaves the church after the 1
ng Bervlce and takes the car for the j
• and takes the boat for the train and
up to the country to get ready
c duties of the Monday.
"It was only yesterday that the State
Intendent of the Anti-Saloon League,
Rev. E. S. Chapman, was lecturing in
Oakland. Possibly he was somewhere in
Ity in the evening, as was often tho
He «etns to me to be lifting up the |
ten commandments with one hand ana j
pulling them down with the other. He |
puts his foot upon the fourth command
and calls upon all around him to .
rs.
Rev. John Hemphlll was the first to at
•!>.• chairman's attention and in an- !
Bwer to the above remarks said: "A most '
terrible arraignment has been made and ■
ministers have been held responsible
where the responsibility does not exist. ■
■ rnia has been the receiving point I
of the flotsam and Jetsam of the world. !
-ners have ideas antagonistic to out !
own and we are not responsible for them.
1 lce< ;» the Sabbath day myself and teach
my ppople to keep it. I am sorry our
r permitted himself to make such
an arraignment. I do not like it."
Rev. Samuel Logan Brengle addressed i
•'< thodist on "Holiness," and Dr. :
Chapman made an address on the worn- j
: the Anti-Saloon Leagu*.
Tho Congregationalists held an excep
tionally ' large meeting. Members of the 1
national council, which convened and ad
ed .at Portland, Or., were present. ;
Addresses were made by Samuel B. Capen |
of Boston, Dr. H. A. llazen. secretary ot
the National Council, Professor Strong of
Cafieton College, F. A. Noble, moderator |
of the council, and Dr. W. A. Waterman.
speakers told of the work of the
11, The prfneipal points toucheu
upon was denominational loyalty, the fea
eratlon of churches, ministerial standing,
anil ministerial education.
Dr. E. S. Chapman visited all the de
nominational meetings and asked their
co-operation in having the soldiers en- j
ramped at Richmond removed to the Pre- j
sidio, as the surroundings are bad.
Chaplain Schlieman of the Twentieth 1
Arkansas Regiment told the Baptist min
about the work b<Mng done by him
in camp. He said he was endeavoring to
effect church organization and was meet
ing with success.
Rev. J. B. Orr of the Park Congrega
tional Church has accepted a call to Santa
Cruz.
BANTEL'S FIERY STEED.
The School Director Placed Under
Arrest for Fast Driving, but
Escapes Being Charged.
School Director Bantel owns a fast
horse and takes pride in driving along
Market street to show off its good points
to hin friends and admirers.
terday morning he was driving
along the street at a rattling pace, to his
< wn satisfaction, but to the intense dis
gust of Policeman Deeley, who was on
: at the crossing at Fifth street.
> held up his hand and Bantel drew
to a halt as soon as he
could, thinking the officer wanted to talk
to him about an appointment for a
What was his astonishment and indig
nation to find that Deeley had the temer
ity to place him under arrest for fast
driving. Ik- told Deeley that he was a
;, but the knowedge had
• upon the stony-hearted officer,
and Bantel was compelled to accompany
him to th'j City Prison. There Bantel
1 not to be disgraced by being
!on the charge, and it was sug
gested to Deeley that he should lay the
matter before Captain Spillane.
■ y demurred at first, but finally es
the School Director to the Cap-
Bantel hit upon another expedient,
tplained to the Captain that a man
driving a fast horse in front of him
:.-■ own steed got excited to such an
• that he could scarcely control It,
the officer hailed him. The Cap
as satisfied with the explanation,
• i was saved the indignity of
• g bia name on the prison register.
MRS. S.IERET WILL APPEAL.
Objects to Producing Papers in Court
at the Order of Judge Troutt.
Mrs. Emma Steret will not produce the
!';i]"-rs taken from the rooms of Gustav
Walter on the night of his death, until
aft.-r the Supreme Court has passed upon
the legality of the order issued by Judge
itt, compelling hc<r to do so. The
was ayain called yesterday morn
inK, but no further proceedings were
taken. It was put over until the 21st
Inst., at which time a formal order will
be plaor-d on nio by Judgo Troutt de
manding that the papers be produced in
1 '"'••, Vr '<™ this order the defendant will
appeal, probably requesting the Supreme
Court to iaaue a writ of prohibition for
bidding further proceeding in the present
Hardtmuth's "Koh-I-Noor" lead pencil
will outlast three others. Try It. •
LEES TOSSES BOUQUETS TO HIMSELF.
o o
o o
0 He Makes His Annual Report and Expresses Profound J
1 Surprise and Gratification at His Own S
| Prowess, |
o o
o o
o o
/">3TEF LEES stands knee-deep in roses, lilies of the valley bedeck him, sprays of laurel crown his brow. He has O
been throwing bouquets at himself. The splendor of his parade uniform is dimmed by the luster of blossoms and ©
O V_> a snower of fragrant petals muffles the clank of his martial sword. Or, to express the matter in language less q
q flowery, the Chief has made his annual report. The document is so well written as to arouse some curiosity as to q
a the identity of the actual author. But the Chief collaborated to the extent of furnishing the crude material and the
w signature. &
Accompanying the paper are a number of exhibits classified under letters and reaching to Q. Letter A is divided O
O Into as many parts as Gaul. Had there been exhibits representing what the department has not done, as well as what Q
Q it has, the alphabet would have been inadequate. There Is an Intelligent, if somewhat tiresome, showing of the num- q
q her of arrests — what they were for and what happened to the victims. In no instance is there anything but praise, q
_ Such suggestions as he makes for betterment of the service are in the line of more expenditure, and do not intimate
~ that poor material should be weeded out, or that his own head go into the basket; wherein, in the judgment of some, w
O the report falls short of perfection. O
Chief Lees notes the able way in which the police bore themselves during the onslaught of the Christian Endeavor- ©
Q ers, and points with pride to the fact that during the stay of these people the town was not sacked. He thinks the pres- q
q ence of the soldiers has very ably been prevented from resulting disastrously, overlooking the fact that this presence q
q resulted in a cracked pate for one of his officious patrolmen who came in contact with a sentry's musket, and that the
~ purpose of the soldiers in being here Is not to loot the municipality. He regards his department as a well-regulated ma- *»
O chine, and his report is not marred by citation of instances in which the machine has slipped a cog. On crimes not fer- ©
O reted out, rogues uncaught, it is singularly reticent. O
There is something said about the Hall of Justice, and a hope expressed that the structure will soon be ready for q
q use. Then he wants all the use of It for himself and the criminal courts. The idea that part of it may be given over to q
_. hospital 1 purposes is a distress to him. He wants more police stations, more patrol wagons, and a photographer. He *j?
v does not state that the photographer would be useful In tatking snapshots at the Chief as he rides at the heads of pro- ®
© cessions, a joy to the eyes, but the neglect is ascribed to the modesty which is one of the strong traits of Lees, and O
© hence fails to excite comment. ©
q Deserved tributes are paid to dead officers, notably to Lieutenant Burke, but there is no word of the four police- q
q men who scurried like rabbits when they should have stayed to protect their superior. He compliments the patrolmen for a
*£ their efficiency in drill and in running the evil-doer to his lair. Everything for which the police under him are respon
® slble is just lovely. He says that many places of bad repute have been closed, and that he would like to close more. ©
© He has a word of condemnation for the low class of saloons, but falls to name any that have been obliged by him to ©
O close their doors. ©
Q It is not to be supposed that the report is all pomposity, for It includes much of real interest, contains many q
q ideas to which the authorities will doubtless give thoughtful heed, and withal shows what the police have actually q
j: done. One weakness is that it tries to give the impression that they did everything there was to do. And finally It JT
w is flattery to Chief Lees such as perhaps not another person in San Francisco could have signed with so great a Joy. *»
o o
oooooooooooooooooooqoooo~>oooooooooqooo©oooqooo©ooooooooo
BAGS OF GOLD
FOR THE MINT
Big Assays Made for the
Klondikers.
OVER A MILLION IN THE POTS
FRANK DINSMORE, ONE OF THE
FORTUNATES, VERY ILL.
After Braving the Dangers of the
Arctic He Contracts Bronchitis,
and Is in a Critical
Condition.
There was an active lot of Klondikers
on the streets of this city yesterday. The
greater part of the day was consumed in
packing the gold dust and nuggets to the
Mint and smelting works. The curiosity
of the people who watched these griz
zled and hardy pioneers of the north la
boring under heavy sacks, not of cloth
ing, but of yellow, shining metal, knew
no bounds. The Klondikers seem an in
different lot to the wealth that one an
other possesses. They know when a
strike has been made and that seems to
be the extent of their interest in the af
fairs of the outsider.
From the Commercial Hotel to the Sel
by Smelting Works the great portion of
the gold brought into this city on Sun
day traveled. Over $700,000 in dust and
nuggets went over the counters of the
Selby Smelting Works yesterday. This
aggregate amount in great part repre
sents the clean-ups of the returning min
ers. Some part of it comes from the
consignments of gold to the Alaska Com
mercial Company. The Mint received
about $300,000 from the gold-hunters. It
took seventeen individual deposits to
make up the $300,000. But a pile of lug
gage still remains in the office of the
Commercial Hotel and this will soon find
its way either into the smelting estab
lishments or the Mint. Some gold was
deposited in the various safe deposits of
the city. , .
The returned miners speak with a great
deal of acrimony of the actions of the
North American Trading and Transpor
tation Company.
Joseph Labreck said yesterday: The
N A T., Healey's line, is robbing the
neoDle right and left. We came down
on the Bella, a ship belonging to the
Alaska Commercial Company, and re
ceived the best treatment, but the others
who did not were robbed. They charged
$300 for the trip and then when they get
you to St. Michael they add on another
hundred. More than that they do not
give you anything to eat. In St. Michael
there was a riot and the hotel belonging
to the Healey company was stormed-
There will be a combined opposition to
the Healey line on the river this next
SP Frank Dinsmore, one of the best known
of the returned Klondikers, is at present
a very sick man at the Commercial Ho
tel In partnership with Bill McPhee and
Snencer he owns claims on the Bonanza
and El Dorado creeks, the best mining
properties on the Klondike. He is a man
of large stature and did not know what
sickness was until a short time ago. when
he contracted a cold, which latterly
turned into bronchitis.
AN ATTOBNEY ARRESTED.
Burnette Q. Haskell Charged by a
Car Conductor With Disturb
ing the Peace.
Attorney Burnette G. Haskell was ar
rested yesterday on a warrant charging
him with disturbing the peace. He was
released on his own recognizance b>
Judge Mogan.
The complaining witness Is F. E. Hill,
conductor on a Haight-street car. He al
leges that on July 8 the attorney, accom
panied by a lady, boarded his car, which
was very crowded at the time. Haskeh
demanded a seat for the. lady and after
some trouble Hill got one inside for het.
This did not satisfy Haskell, and he in
sisted upon Hill getting a seat for her on
the dummy. Then he began to abuse th«
company and use unparliamentary lan-,
guage to the annoyance of lady passen-
Hill reported the matter to the superin
tendent and next day swore to the war
rant for the arrest of "John Doe," as he
did not know Haskell's name. The at
torney was seen to enter Judge Mogan's
courtroom yesterday morning, and Po
liceman Graham, who had the warrant,
followed him and placed him under ar
rest Haskell protested, claiming he was
an officer of the court and could not bu
arrested at the bar, but the Judge pacified
him by releasing him on his own recognu
zance. He declared he would get even
with the conductor.
Suit to Settle a Trust.
Suit was commenced yesterday by Wil
liam H. Crocker and the executor of the
estate of Charles F. Crocker, deceased,
to secure a settlement of the account of
the trustees of the trust created by
Charles Crocker for the benefit of his
daughter, Harriet V. Alexander, and her
children. William H. Crocker and the
late Charles F. Crocker were Joint truß
THE SAST FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 19, 1898.
tees under the trust created by their
father, and the settlement is sought ow
ing to the death of one of the trustees.
The trust originally consisted of bonds
of the Toledo, Ann Arbor and North
Michigan Railroad, valued at $100,000. and
bonds of the Ann Arbor and Mount
Pleasant Railroad, valued at $150,000. It
appears, however, from the papers filed
yesterday that since the creation of the
trust the property has increased in value
to the amount of $1£,578 31.
WORK FOR WOMEN.
The Home Sewing Company Will Be
Organized To-Morrow Evening.
The first steps toward organizing the
Woman's Home Sewing Company will be
taken to-morrow evening in Pythian Cas
tle, 909 Market street. The object of this
association is to furnish deserving women
with sewing at rates of wages at which
they can make a living. It was started
by those who think that they should have
some of the Government work of making
garments for the soldiers, work which the
contractors are now giving to the Chi
nese. Quite a number of wives and wid
ows of the old and young soldiers made
known their wishes to W. W. Allen Sr., a
veteran of the Grand Army of the Re
public, who aj; once started this plan so
as to give these women the work to which
they are entitled.
The meeting to-morrow evening will be
to perfect the organization. It will be ad
dressed by Mr. Allen and a number of
the ladies who are expected to look after
the welfare of the company after it is
incorporated. Mr. Allen is attend
ing to the legal end of the matter,
but the meeting was called by Mrs.
L. E. Squires. As soon as the company is
on a solid footing its directors will bid
for contracts for Government work,
which will be given out to the women at
prices far above what they are now get
ting. Those who desire will have the op
portunity of doing the work in a factory.
EXPECTORATION
A NEW WRINKLE
THE THIEF IS CAUGHT AND
WATCHES RECOVERED.
Novel Ruse of William Gridley to
Make a Profitable Haul in a
Third-Street Jewelry
Store.
It took TVllham Gridley, aged 59, just
three days to make up his mind to walk
out of Glindemann & Schweitzer's jewelry
store, 5 Third street, with two gold
watches nestling tenderly in the paims of
his hands, and now he is renentant and
aweary of this world, for his name is
written on the big book of the police sta
tion and he is charged with grand lar
ceny. Gridley pleads the desire for bread
the reason for his criminality.
Gridley, with the air and manner of
some prosperous farmer, walked leisurely
into the jewelry establishment on Third
street Saturday morning and asked to
be shown some watches. He was very
critical and fastidious in his selection and
finally narrowed down his choice to one
of two handsome chronometers. His de
liberate consideration was punctured by
apologies for expectorations of tobacco
juice. He would leave the counter every
few minutes, go to the entrance and then
color the contiguous sidewalk a deep ripe
brown. This over the watches would
again absorb his attention. The same
thing happened Saturday afternoon and
yet no selection was made. It was a
difficult matter for Mr. Gridley to satisfy
his mind as to the watch which his fancy
preferred.
The expectorations went on with unde
viating regularity during this second visit
ac before. On Monday morning there was
a second repetition of both the close ex
amination of the watches and the inter
mittent expectorations.
The climax came last evening. Schweit
zer was patiently waiting on Gridley when
the latter, weighing the pair of those
much-looked-at watches, one in each
hand, suddenly remembered that the time
for an expectoration iiad arrived. He for
got that he had the watches in his hands
and started to run out of the store. C. M.
Daiss, a clerk, rushed out after the thief
and caught, him on Third street. Gridley
was turned over to Detective Tom Ryan,
who took him to the Central Police
Station. Going up on the patrol wagon a
criminal named Bryant called Gridley by
the name of Tom and told him not to
give his name to the police, and that he
would bring him some tobacco. The police
th'nk Gridley is an old one at the bust-
ness.
One watch was recovered on Third
street by Special Officer Con Kelly. The
other was found on the thief's person.
Two suspicious looking characters were
in the store when uridley made his crit
ical examination of the timepieces.
RICHARD T. SPRAGUE.
His Funeral Was Attended by a
Large Number of Sorrowing
Friends.
The funeral of Richard T. Sprague took
place yesterday at 2 o'clock from the
Sprague residence, 2014 Webster street
The funeral was an exceptionally large
one attended by many of his personal
friends of whom the deceased had a large
number. The pall-bearers were J. B.
Stetson, B. Sprague, R. O. Oxnard and
Captain Babbit. The deceased was at one
time a prominent merchant of this city,
but for the last eight years has not en
gaged In active business pursuits.
Got Their June Salaries.
The school teachers astonished them
selves yesterday by drawing their Juno
salary. Heretofore the June salaries were
generally hung up until the following Oc
tober, but this year, much to their aston
ishment, they were notified to step up tt»
the captain's office and draw down then
mite. It is needless to add they did.
DANCING MEN
ARE AGITATED
They Are Compelled to
Pay License.
MR. O'BRIEN'S PULL IS GONE
HIS SHERIFF'S DEPUTIES HAVE
NO INFLUENCE NOW.
Professors of the Divine Art Accuse
Collector Bonnet of Discrimi
nating in Favor of
Girls.
The dancing teachers are cutting pigeon
wings on a hot griddle.
Before License Collector Bonnet took
his office they were not required to pay
any license for the privilege and the
pleasure of teaching the divine art. Mr.
Bonnet's demand that they part with
some of the gold earned by the exercise of
their beloved art has Imbued the frater
nity with melancholy. Worse than the tax
itself, they say that the Collector has fa
vored the women teachers by exempting
them.
The indignation of the male members of
the professton culminated yesterday with
the filing of a communication with the
Clerk of the Board of Supervisors. It was
from the Dancing Teachers' Association
of San Francisco, signed by L. H. Hin
man, William J. O'Brien and T. H. Irvine.
The communication set forth that the col
lection of a license tax from teachers of
dancing was unconstitutional, and pro
ceeded to extol the "Boston Dip," "The
Racket," "The Kangaroo" and the "Hula-
Hula."
"The capacity to dance gracefully," said
the Terpsichorean Triplets, "is one of the
elements which go to make up a complete
education; it is, in fact, of more impor
tance at the present time than many of
the other fine arts, which are exempt en
tirely from the license tax. San Francis
co is the only city in the United States
where teachers of dancing are compelled
to pay a license. Furthermore, there ex
ists in the methods used in the collection
of the present license tax a decided dis
crimination between males and females.
Male teachers of dancing are obliged to
pay this tax, while females who are en
gaged in the same business are not obliged
to pay it. If the tax is legal and consti
tutional the Collector has no right to
make any discrimination in collecting it."
License Collector Bonnet flushed like a
girl after a French dinner when he read
the communication. He was indignant
that he should be accused, even by im
plication, of making discriminations in
discharging the duties of his office, and he
made public the history of his connection
with the matter.
"This man O'Brien," he said, "had not
paid any license for years, and as soon
as I took charge of my office I made him
pay. He has a big dancing class, and
when he was notified that he would have
to pay his license Hinman said that I
could not collect from O'Brien. 'The
Sheriff's office will fix O'Brien's license.'
he added. I told Hinman that it wouldn't
go, for I was going to collect it. Sure
enough, two deputies from the Sheriff's
office came to me to fix it, but they
could do nothing with me, and I obliged
O'Brien to pay."
Hinman asked Bonnet whether he
would prosecute dancing teachers who
were paying no license, and he said that
he would, and Hinman presented him
with a list of young girls who were giv
ing dancing lessons to help support their
brothers and sisters and parents. Bonnet
found one of the cases to be a girl 17
years old who was obliged to teach danc
ing in order to support her family. He re
fused to arrest these poor women, but
notified them that they would have to
pay the license.
Mr. Bonnet expressed the opinion that
the tax on teachers of dancing is uncon
stitutional. School teachers, music teach
ers, the professions and laborers cannot
be taxed, and there was no valid reason
that he could see why an exception
should have been made in the case of
dancing teachers.
FBIENDS OF ANIMALS.
Annual Meeting of the San Francisco
Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty.
The San Francisco Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Animals held its an
nual meeting yesterday afternoon in Its
office at 2514 Sixteenth street. The follow
ing trustees for the ensuing year were
elected: N. P. Cole, John P. Jackson, H.
E. Holmes, James S. Hutchinson, Luman
Wadham, C. S. Crittenden, Martin Ste
vens, Theodore G. Gruenhagen, Frank A.
Vail, Frederick A. Hyde. Robert C. Bol
ton, Hugh Tevis, W. W. Montague and
Charles A. Clinton, the last four being
new members.
A resolution was adopted to the effect
that "it is the earnest wish of the
members of this society that the
board of trustees, re-elected at this
meeting, shall continue unceasingly
in all honorable efforts to secure the re
storation to the society of the control of
the public pound."
THE CRYSTAL SWIMkINQ BATHS.
Physicians recommend the Crystal -warm sea
water tub and ewimming baths. North L>each.
DRAMA AND
VAUDEVILLE
"Liberty Hall" at the
Columbia.
IS A VERY PRETTY COMEDY
THE TIVOLI PRESENTS "THE
BELLS OE CORNEVILLE."
"Captain Impudence" a Success at
Morosco's — The Orpheum Dis
plays a Fine Lo> of Stars.
At the Chutes.
"Liberty Hall," the charming comedy
drama by R. C. Carlton, was given a very
cordial reception at the Columbia last
night, after an absence of four years. It
is a dainty, pleasing mixture of the life of
the nobility and the middle class, taken
from the great English metropolis, and is
exceedingly interesting from beginning to
end. The art of the author in depicting
the methods by which the false pride of
a lovable woman is gradually humbled,
until she sees and appreciates life in its
true light, Is only equaled by the com
mendable manner in which the pretty
story was told on the stage last night.
The play moves quietly and smoothly
from one engaging scene to another, and
while the tearful predominates, there is
sufficient of the cheerful to give a mel
low effect, the enjoyableness of which
was attested by the generous applause
accorded it. The plot is simple and con
fined almost entirely to showing the mis
fortunes and good fortunes of two noble
young women, and the admirable sides
of the struggling poor and the British
aristocrat.
The scenes in the humble home of Tod
man, the unsuccessful shopkeeper, with
their effective illustration of the woes of
the pinching nip of poverty and vain ef
forts to hide them, afforded excellent op
portunities for the Frawley company to
display their capabilities in another line
and they did not fail to grasp them.
The- character of Todman, the poor, dif
fident and lovable old shopkeeper, who
cares for his aristocratic relatives in their
distress, showed us Theodore Roberts in
a new and delightful part. It is unneces
sary to say more than that his concep
tion of the character was true to life
one worthy of high praise— and which
greatly advanced him in the favor of the
patrons of the house.
Similar remarks would apply to the ar
tistic work of Madeline Bouton as the
poor but haughty highborn lady. It was
ncr first effort here in subdued character
ization and the best she has thus far been
seen in, earning well-deserved recalls.
Edward Bell improves with acquaint
ance and was particularly acceptable as
the nobleman making love in the guise ot
a commercial traveler. Miss Fanchon
Campbell has an ingenue part well suited
to her talents. Mr. Burke as the coarse
but ambitious shopman, Mr. Wilson as
the solicitor and Louis Payne, the lisping,
callow youth, were quite satisfactory.
Eleanor Carey's ideas of what constitute
a holy terror in the person of a servant
of all work was everything that could be
desired. Mr. Fratvley has a congenial
part as an earnest and, despite his diffi
culties, successful swatn. Mr. Clarencu
Livingston made an auspicious first ap
pearance as the hopelessly lovelorn shop
boy, and should be well satisfied with hlb
reception. In fact, every part was well
done, and with its bright lines, clever
stage settings and rapid changes from
laughter to tears "Liberty Hall" should
give a good account at tha J>ox office at
the close of the week.
Orpheum.
The Orpheum was crowded to Its fullest
capacity again last night, and by their
hearty rounds of applause the audience
emphasized the fact that they thought
well of the new bill. Some disappointment
was manifest in the non-appearance of
Wilton and Stack. After a trip of 7000
1 miles from London and across the Atlan
tic and its perils, and no accident by land
or water, they get into San Francisco and
begin practice. Almost the first turn Mr.
Stack made over the horizontal bar
proved his undoing. He slipped and in
jured his ankle so that he could not ap
pear at the Orpheum last night. He will,
however, be in form by the middle of the
week, and he and his partner, M. Wilton,
will appear next Sunday. Of the three
new turns Valmore is the novelty. After
hearing him one cannot but ask what sort
of a throat has the fellow. Without the
aid of any artifices he imitates all sorts
of musical instruments. His imitation of
the 'cello and a violin are exceptionally
clever. He catches the peculiar intona
tions of the instrument he is imitating'
with a wonderful degree of accuracy. Gil
bert and Goldie got one of the most
hearty welcomes ever accorded an artist
at the Orpheum. They were prime favor
ites from the start. They have an entire
ly new line of work. Mr. Gilbert's imper
sonation of the Hebrew who was intense
ly stupid on all matters except the money
question was a clever piece of character
work, while Mr. Goldie was not one whit
behind him in presentment of the over
smart young man. Lorenze and Allen
are a clever pair of dancers, and while
they do not bring anything that is partic
ularly new to the Orpheum they do their
turn "so neatly that they may be excused
in the matter of originality. Joseph Hart
and Carrie de Mar scored another suc
cess, Mr. Hart making a great hit with
his "Song of Songs." Coote and Kingsley
were as funny as ever. Falke and Se
mons, the musical comedians, were re
tained in the place of Wilton and Stack.
They have some new material. Mrs. Alice
Shaw and daughters, Fleurette and others
completed the bill.
Grand Opera-House.
"Captain Impudence," Edwin Milton
Royle's comedy war drama, was present
ed at the Grand Opera-house last night
to a well-pleased and enthusiastic audi
ence. The scene of action is during the
Mexican War, and the capture of the
Mexican fortifications at Chapultepec
by the American forces brought down the
house. A charming love story runs
throughout the play, intermingled with
Jealousy, hate and revenge. The princi
pal parts were in capable hands and were
admirably sustained. The title role was
assumed by James M. Brophy, and he
played it with dash and spirit. Fred J.
Butler as the bluff, irascible old Major
Bugg did justice to the part and gave
another proof of his high standing in
character work. The fact that Landers
Stevens met with a severe disapproval of
the "gods" was the best evidence that he
played the villainous Mexican major to
perfection. Max yon Mitzel gave a clever
interpretation of the devoted slave, Jim,
who ruled his young master. Maud Edna
Hall as Lucretia Bugg, the daughter of
the regiment, again showed that in in
genue parts she is exceedingly clever and
charming. Lorena Atwood scored a hit
as Jovlta Talamanca. with her love and
hate, and Julia Blanc as the dashing
Widow Trigg was bewitching. The piece
deserves crowded houses for the balance
of the week.
Tivoii.
The pretty little opera, "The Chimes of
Normandy," also called "The Bells of
Corneville," with Its many charming se
lections, has again made Its appearance
at the Tivoli Opera House, after having
been off the boards for a long time. The
scenery is in keeping with the music, and
the cast is as good ns usual. Edwin Ste-
I yens deserves especial praise for the very
able manner in which he enacted the dif-
I ficult part of Gaspard, the miser, in tne
I haunted Castle of Corneville. So much
; were his efforts appreciated that it was
I necessary to raise the curtain three times
j before the audience would be satisfied.
I John J. Raffael as Henri, the Marquis,
j had a fine opportunity to show what he
could do with his voice, and he did jus-
I tice to the music. Phil Branson as Jean
the Fisherman also made a hit. Miss El
via Crox was in fine voice, but unfortun
ately Miss Helen Merrill has not been
well for several days and a sore throat
prevented her from doing her best. It
was in the grand choruses that the com
pany showed to i£s full power, and for
this feature, if for'ho other, the ooera is
well worth attending. "The Beggar Stu
dent" will be presented next week.
Aicaz >r.
The second week of "Faust" at the Al
cazar opened to a crowded house. Lewis
Morrison as Mephisto was at his best
and received a curtain call after each act.
Frank Denithorne, as Faust, made a
good impression, while Mis<3 Roberts left
nothing to be desired in her presentation
of Marguerite. Next Monday Lewis .Mor
rison and the Alcazar stock "company will
present the old favorite, "East Lynne."
Chu es.
One of the strongest acts ever seen In
San Francisco is that of the Tokio troupe
of Japanese jugglers, which opened at the
Chutes Free Theater yesterday. The lit
tle brown men are proverbially clever, but
these surpass anything of the kind seen in
years when it comes to top-spinning,
acrobatic feats, jugglery and oriental
magic. Last night they held a large audi
ence delighted for over half an hour, and
their tricks were applauded to the echo.
The rest of the bill was unusually good,
and the new vocalists, Dora Mervyn and
May Lannnn, were warmly received.
Colby and Way, the "ventriloquist and
the dancing doll"; Joe Hall, the female
impersonator and dancer; and Sam Friea
lander. musical comedian, duplicated
their successes of last week. The moving
pictures at the Chutes are among the best
ever shown in the city, and the constant
change of views is appreciated by the pa
trons. Cannon did not lose any of his
weight or good humor at the French cele
bration, and continues to be gazed on by
admirers of the immense.'
Olympia.
The Olympia Music Hall has a b that
attracted a good crowd last night. Gibson
and Allen proved clever comedians and
Miss Flossie Nash, the singing soubrette,
ought to be a favorite. She is in good
voice and her dancing is neat and of good
execution. Neat and pretty she ought to
be a drawing card. Quazina, the Male La
Loie Fuller, Maude Rockwell, the Royce
Sisters and others completed the Dill.
STABBED IN THE BREAST.
Paul Dewsett Dangerously Wounded
by an Unknown Man.
Paul Dewsett, a longshoreman, residing
at 231 Lombard street, was taken to the
Harbor Receiving Hospital last eveni'ig
with a dangerous knife wound in the left
breast. The weapon penetrated the lung
and the man's chances for recovery are
slim.
Dewsett, his brother George and two
friends, named William O'Keefe and
Charles Donovan, had been drinking dur
ing the evening in a saloon near the cor
ner of Montgomery and Lombard streets.
O'Keefe and Dewsett left the saloon and
crossed the street to an Italian standing
on the sidewalk. They asked him for to
bacco and matches, which he gave tht-.-n,
and then jokingly slapping his pocket said
he had no money. O'Keefe took exception
to the remark and a fight followed, in
which the Italian struck Dewsett with a
knife.
The injured man made a statement to
the police last evening in which he said
that he could not identify the man. No
arrests have been made, but the police are
on the lookout for the would-be murderer.
Prepared for a Holdup.
A man was seen skulking In a doorway
at Fifth and Minna streets early yester
day morning by Policeman R. J. Mc-
Grayan. After watching him for a few
minutes McGrayan placed him under ar
rest and sent him to the City Prison.
When searched a loaded revolver was
found in his hip pocket, and a charge of
carrying a concealed weapon was booked
against him. He gave the name of Frank
Jones, but yesterday morning he was recc
ognized as John Broger, a notorious crim
inal. He was taken before Judge Mogan
yesterday and convicted, sentence to be
passed this morning.
Justified in Shooting.
The charge of assault to murder against
John Luft, grocer, Twenty-third and San
chez streets, was dismissed by Judge Mo
gan yesterday. On July 7 William
Thomas created a disturbance in Luffs
place and drew a knife, threatening to
kill Luft. To protect himself Luft fired
a shot at Thomas, wounding him.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Minnie Bowman has applied for a di
vorce from Felix H. Bowman, alleging
failure to provide as a cause of action.
Suits for divorce on the ground of cruelty
were filed by Elfreda C. Jones against
Thomas Jones, Eve S. Hart against
George K. Hart, and Rebeka Eickhorst
against Fred G. Eickhorst.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
'ggpmgjgpnß^y "*nti— w— i— — www I
m!um)/ iP3& irßfl WelvV \^Sk?:
The quality, flavor, and
taste of this beer is so
exquisite, that one trial
order will gain us your
permanent and enthusi-
astic patronage.
\Al.Blatz Brewing CO.
MILWAUKEE. U.S.A.
Louis Cohen & Son, Wholesale
Dealers, ; 416-418 Sacramento Street,
San Francisco*
jiwoiv
I 8 BOOKING ...
I BOOKING . . .
J2& Passengers
an ..<? Freight
- ; .--.,V. _ ;
FOR ...
DAWSON CITY
And Yukon River Points,
Via ST. MICHAEL.
QUICK DISPATCH.
For rates and dates of sailing apply to
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION COMPANY,
Liebes Pi" Ming. 139 Post Street.
m — ; , __-
*£, FINE TAILORING
ifM PERFECT FIT, BEST OF
iillli o - WORKMANSHIP, at
If^iW 25 per cent Less than Oiher
IIRIf¥ » Tailors Charge, Go to
If JOE^POMEIf
I MWI All Wool Suits to* JO ,n, n tfOC
/ mW Order from LtO 4>oo
I [I ■?> Pants from ... $4- to $j Q
''■\JL : i' : w ' ■■■■' ■■' ■ ' ■ :: '■'■-"* - '• '"
J^v"""""^^ 201 and 203 Montgomery St.
"; ' 844 and 848 Market St., *
1110 and 1 1 1 2 Market St, San Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"■'■ ■ p• 1 - Blf V C?
SIGK HEAOAGHE
Positively cured by these
Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable. - •
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
Home!
•* Be it ever so humble
There's no place like home."
Home is true. It is the
natural relation between
man and woman; mother
and child; father and son.
Schilling s Best tea is
also true and natural.
AND TUMORS. Sure Cure!
No Knife or Pain I No Pay Until Cured I
75-page book sent free. S. R. Chamley. M. Pl
17 THIRD ST.. Near Market St.
SEND TO SOMEONE WITH CANCER
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
nAc m Full Set ° Teeth
NiVV W lO£jj extracting free $s°°5 °° up
.v^wJL&d^SgjK''' Gold Crowns 22k $3 50 up
<S^3FJsilkr Fillings - - - 25 cts. up
-^-tESSesS^*- fi Open Evenings &Sundavg
&^M^^^% VAN VROOWI
Ls**JwrrSn^^ Electro Dental Parlors
«O Irs Sixth and Market
~ -" Dr. G W. Kleiser, Prop.
If you have a Hump Nose, Roman, Flat. Puff,
Red or broken Nose, or any mark or blemish
on. in or under your skin, call on JOHN H.
\VOOPBI'KY, 127 West Forty-second St., New
York. Consultation fre°, • ■■;';■/. '.-■■- .':'-.
\A/. T. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, 'Claus SpreckeU Bid*.
Telephone 3rown SSI.
Reflldapce. ' 821 California street. ' b«lo«
Powell, ban* FrancUco. .
: •
AMUSEMENTS.
iROSCO'SGRAIS
Walter Morosco. Sole Lessee and Manager.
Telephone, Main 532.
MONDAY, JULY 18, THIRD WEEK OF
"OUR CALIFORNIA BOY."
JAMES M. BROPHY
In Edwin Milton Royle's Patriotic Drama,
" CAPTAIN IMPUDENCE."
Exciting Battle Scenes. Tropical Scenery.
Old Glory and Our Soldier Boys in
Mexico.
Evening Prices 25c and 500
Family Circle and Gallery ..........100
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng, Proprietor and Man&gsr.
THIS EVENING.
Planquette's Charming: Opera
"THE
BELLS OF CORNEVILLE"
GREAT CAST!
NEW SCENERY! CORRECT COSTUMES!
Next Week — of the Comic Opera Revivals.
"THE BEGGAR STUDENT."
Mllloecker's melodious work.
Popular prices ....25 and 50 cents.
NO telephone.
. A BILL OF COMEDY AND NOVELTIES.
VALMORE, the "Instrumental Man";
JOSEPH HART AND CARRIE DE MAR, In
"The Quiet Mr. Gay": GILBERT & GOLDIE,
Native Comedians; LORENZ & ALLEN, Ec-
centric Dancers; BERT COOT AND JULIE
KINGSLEY, in "Supper for Two"; FLEUR-
ETTE, Terpsichorean Marvel; MRS. ALICE J.
SHAW AND DAUGHTERS; FALKE & SE-
MON, Comedians. 1
Reserved Seats, 23c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, EOc.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
THIS WEEK ONLY— MATINEE SATURDAY.
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY,
Presenting the great Empire Theater success
"LIBERTY HALL."
A i modern comedy by R. C. Carton.
A PERFECT CAST. §
Next Monday — New War Drama,
"A GALLANT SURRENDER."
AT i^ A rj A T~V SEATS BY PHONE
AJUV^AZvAK. Main 254.
■ EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK.
LEWIS MORRISON
Magnificent Spectacular,
"FAUST!"
Prices ......15c, 25c, 35c, 600
NEXT WEEK
Lewis Morrison's Elaborate Production,
"EAST LYNNE" — - ' .
CHUTES AND ZOO !
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
An Immediate and Sensational Success !
MIZUNO'S JAPANESE JUGGLERS
And a Great Vaudeville Bill In the FREE
THEATER. - , ' ■ :■■
CANNON, the BIG GUN, STILL BOOMS!
Attractions all over the Grounds.
. 10c, including Zoo and Theater; Children, sc.
AT VMDT A Corner of Mason and Eddy Streets
UL liTiriAGreat New Bill of Stars. Gibson &
Allen, Comedians; Flossie • Nash, Soubrette;
Ordway & Rand. Thrilling Bicyclists; Quazina,
Royce Sisters, Rockwell - and Others. Admis-
sion Free. Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS.
OFMEIN NIGHTS.
.. Open Dally from 7 a. m. until 11 p. ' naL'i.; '■-.'■
ADMISSION 10c - - - - CHILDREN 9a
Bathing, with admission, 250; children. Mto.
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY.
f Silver a fraction firmer.
Wheat and Barley dull.
Heavy receipts of Hay.
More Inquiry for Beans.
Com higher.
- Oate and Rye dull.
Potatoes and Onion* lower.
Butter weak. Eggs firm and Cheese un
changed.
Poultry nominal.
Fruit still brings good price*.
Limes lower. Oranges scarcer. i
Provisions unchanged.
Dried Apricots rising.
Europe wants large Prunes.
Bright shipping Wool wanted.
Hops continue dull.
Hides weak and quiet.
No further decline In Hogs.
Increased foreign export*.
Decreased exports of lumber.
EXPORTS OF LUMBER.
Exports of Lumber from this port during the
first six months of ISM were 8.6?}.000 feet vaN
ued at $168,840, against 14,075.000 feet at J-,13.4
during the same time In 159..
EXPORTS OF PRODUCE.
Exports of produce from this port during the
first six months of the year were « 1 '"''- £ i
against $ir..BSS.OOO for the same period In ISB7
and Included $1,101,200 to the Atlantic Coast.
$4 160 500 to Great Britain, J2.652.000 to Japan.
iIMTOOO to China. $!!.*». 400 to the Hawaiian
sland? $865,700 £ Africa. $997,500 to Central
America. J552. 400 to Mexico and J54..000 to
British Columbia.
WEATHER REPORT.
moth Meridian-Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, July If. 6 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported to-day from Weather Bureau stations In
California:
Fresno 100- Los Angeles. 80; Red Bluff. 100.
Independence. *2; San Diego. 72; Sacramento
98: San Luis ObUpo. 74: urns, 104. i
San Francisco temperature: Maximum, 62. |
minimum. 62; mean, 61 __....„»«
WHETHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
The pressure has risen slowly during the past
twelve hours over the extreme northern portion
of the Pacific Coast. It has fallen slowly over
the southern portion. An area of high pressure
appears to be approaching the coast north or
the Columbia River an.', may cause warmer,
weather and northerly winds over the Pacific
The temperature has remained nearly sta
tionary over the country west of the Rocky
Mountains. It has fallen rapidly near Havre
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Port Angeles. 2S miles per hour from
the northwest; Idaho Falls, 40 southwest; El
Paso. 38 northwest.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight July 19. 1S98:
Northern California— Fair Tuesday; northerly
winds.
Southern California— Fair Tuesday; warmer
north; northerly winds inland, westerly winds (
on the coast.
Nevada— Fair Tuesday.
-tan— Fair Tuesday: warmer north.
Arizona— Cloudy Tuesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tuesday;
■warmer: northerly changing to westerly winds.
Special report from Mt Tamalpias taken at ;
8 p. m. —Clear; wind northwest light; tempera- :
ture, 81; maximum, $2.
ALEXANDER McADIE.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, July IS.— downward move
ment In stuck? to-day was checked before the i
close, and the level of prices brought' back ;
silently above Saturday's close. But it cannot
be said that the market was sustained by any
buying demand, for its lethargy was complete. |
The break In 44 points In Metropolitan street ■
traffic on Its line during a reconstruction period
was the main unsettling lacier in the morning.
C'ulte a heavy decrease In earnings of the New
York Central for June and the shrinkage in the
east-bound rail freight movement due to the
lively competition of the lake lines were also ;
{acton of weakness. New York Central's de
cline was, however, only fractional, and it re
covered iv; in the late dealings. In the buy-
Ing of Brooklyn :■ .pid Transrt. on the continued
Increase in earnings was j«J«o a ■ lining fac
tor, and the recent pressure a.c&'.:i*t the coalers '
ceased, these stocks generally showing pains. !
All indications point to a coming redundancy 1
In the money market, but no evidence of an
overflew of funds into stocks was manifest to- |
day. The allotment of the Government bonds
It is felt crrtaJn will result in tH* release of
large sums on account of rejected subscriptions.
Business In bunds was light : -day, and prices
sagged rariy. bat later recovered. Total sales,
|2,i<0.000.
United States old fours registered declined ',;,
and the fives coupon advanced l i in the bid
price.
Total sales of stocks to-day were 151,700
chares, including 6133 Atchlson* preferred; 7324
Burlington; T.'S Manhattan; 11, OSS Metropoli
tan; ii.57 Reading: 56T>3 New York Central;
11.5«4 St. Paul; 5G90 Tobacco; MOO People's Gas;
16.53S Sugar.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson 13% St P & Om 81%
Do prefd 34=. Do prefd 154
Baltimore & Ohio 13 : i St P M & M 15$
Canada Pacific ..S3 So Pacillc 19%
Canada Southern. f.2% So Rallwr.y g%
Central Pacific .. 14% Do prefd 30%
Ches & Ohio 22* Texas & Pacific.. 12%
Chi & Alton 160 Union Poc prefd. 69!.
Chi B & Q 105' iU p D & G. 6%
Chi & E 111 64 Wabash 7
CCC.v St .... 41% Do prefd 18%
Do pre:d 85 Wheel & L E.... 1
Del «L- Hudson... 104% Do Drefd 8
Del I. & W 133 Express Companies-
Den & It G UU Adams Ex 100
Do prefd 48% American Ex .... 133
Erie (new) 13S, United States .... 40
Do Ist prefd.... 34' » Wells Fargo 117
Fort Wayne 170 Miscellaneous—
Gt Nor prefd 125 A Cot Oil 20
Hocking Valley... U| Do prefd 73%
Illinois Central .. 108% Amn Spirits UU
Lake Erie & W.. 14 Do* prefd 3314
Do prefd 70 Am Tobacco US',
Lake Shore ISS Do prefd 120
Louis & Nash.... 52% People's, Gas ..... M
Manhattan L 104% Cons Gas L96U
Met St Ry 149 Com Cable Co 170
Mich Central 104 Co) F & Iron 20
Minn & St L 28 Do prefd ........ 90
Di Ist prefd.... 83 Gen Electric H\i
Mo Pacific 34% Illinois Steel 67%
Mobile A Ohio 25 I.aclede Gas 50
Mo X & T 11 Ijead 33>*
Do prefd 34% Do pr»-fd 107%
Chi Ind & L 9% Nat Un Oil 13
Do prefd 2914 Pacific Mail 28%
N .1 Central 88% Pullman Palace... 208
N V Central 118 Silver Certificates 69%
N V Chi A St L.. 13% Stand R & T 6%
Do Ist orefd.... Mi Sugar 132%
Do Id Drefd.... 30 Do prefd 113%
Nor West 14 TC A- Iron 24%
No Ain.-r Co 6% v a Leather 7%
No Pacific 25% Do prefd 66"i
Do prefd 69% U S Rubber 20 "
Ontario & \V MV4 Do pr.-fd S8
Or R A Nay 48 West- Union 91%
,Or Short Line . :• C&N \v 126%
Pittsl.urg 170 Do ).r»fd ........ 172%
Reading 16% n (I w 3
Do Ist prefd — 89% Do j>refd 10%
Rock Island ..... :<:.■■ R <; W 2fi%
Ft Louis & s F.. 7% Do prefd 65
Do Ist profd.....>h Chi Q W II
Do 2.1 prefd.... 2x>, Haw Com Co 22%
St Paul 95% Brooklyn » T to%
Do prefd 151 Union Pacific 23%
CLOSING BONDS.
V S new 4-> reg.. 124 iN J C :, B 11l
Do coup 123 x Carolina 6s 12:1
D S 4s 110 Do 4s 107
Do coup ill No Pac lsts H21.1.
Do 2ds 95 Do 3s 6.114
vS 5s re« lit Do is ... "si
Do 58 coup m>; v ." V C & St L 4ii. 10.'.%
District S.Cr.B V.6 Nor <*;• WCb 120
Ala class A 107* S'orUtwstrn cons. 142V4
Do B 100 Do deb r,s .... lieu
Do C ... M O Nay tats 111 *
Do Currency ... M 0 Nay 4s f>-,u
Atchison 4s VIU ') s Line Gs tr"" ]'■; "
Do adj 4s 70% O 8 Line Gs tr"" 104U
Can So Bds V"<\ Pacific 6s of 95.. 101,
Chi Term 4.« US Reading 4s .. 81H
C & Ohio 5s 114% H(; W Ist! ... 89
C II & D 4V45..... 104% st L A I M c ss. US
D&lt a lsts 108 St Li BFG 6s m
I) &Ita 4s !>4 St P Con ■ 143
East Term lsts... ior.% st PC & P ims 11714
Brie Grn 45 73 Do r.s |i«U
F W ft D lsts tr. 74% So Ry Is 53%
Gen Elec 5s 104 U Stand n A. T 6s. 70
GH&K ACs 104 Tcnn new set 35.. 91%
Do 2ds 103 '1 Par LC, lsts... lO.v;
'.H4T Cls 105 Do Rit 2ds 431.J
Do con is 11l Union Par 45...... seTt
lowa C lsts 102 VPD & O lsts. 70%
La new cons 45.. 103 Wab Ist 5s 110
I. A- N Unl 45.... SS Do 2ds 87
Missouri 6s ... 100 W Shore 4r 108U
M X & T 2d5.... 65% Va Centuries .... 71
Do 4s 89"* Do deferred ... 04
N V Central lsts. 115V4 '
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 12 Ontario 150
.Crown Point Or. Ophlr 15
Con Cal & Va.... 12 Plymouth ......... 12
Deadwood .... 30 Quicksilver 100
Gould A curry.... 0. j Do r>refd 200
Hale & Norcrons.. "~ 45 Sierra Nevada ... 45
Homestake 47 00 Standard 145
Iron Silver 73 Union Con 15
Mexican 48 Yellow Jacket ... • 10
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— ; Westlnghouse El. 24Vi
Call loans I $3% Do prefd .64 .
Time loans 2%&4 Boston El ........ 45%
Storks- E E HI ..173
A T & B Y.. 13V» Gen Elec prefd... 94
Am*r Suir&r 132% I Atchlson «)refd . .. 34
Do prefd 113% Bonds-
Bay State 0u... 1% Atchison 70
Bell Telephone... 272 Mining Shares-
Boston & Albany. 225 Alloucz Mln C 0... 4
Boston & Maine.. ICI Atlantic 28
Chi B & Q.. 105>>4 Boston & Mont... 204^
Fltchburir .; 89% Butte & Boston... 23*4
Gen Electric ..... Si% Calumet & Hecla. 665 ■
Illinois 5tee1......' 67 Centennial......... 14
Mexican Central . i\ Franklla «
N V & N En*.... 96 ;Osceola *6%i.
Old Colony 192K Qulncy 116
Rubber -24 Tamarack 155
Union Pacific .... 23% | Wolverine 23Vi.
West End SSU Parrott 23*4
Do prefd 104 Vi i Old Dominion — 23
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. July 18.-The Evening Post's
financial cablegram from London nays: The
stock markets here were stagnant to-day
pending developments of Spanish-American
affairs. Americans were dull from the opening
and quite featureless. Spanish bonds Im
proved, rising to 37%.
An Influx of £100.000 In gold from South
i America to the Bank of England has reas-
I sured the money market somewhat, although
i had the coins been full weight there would
have been less chance of their going Into the
bank, there still being an Inquiry for gold
In the market. The Paris and Berlin markets
were quiet. '-■: ■;■
CLOSE.
Canadian Pacific. K%: Grand Trunk, 7%.
Bar sliver steady, 27?tid per ounce. Money V4@
*i per cent.
Spanish fours closed 377 i.
| PARIS, July IS.— Rpanlsn fours closed 38.10.
MADRID. July IS.— Spanish 4s closed to-day
. at 58.60.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, July IS.— FLOUR— Receipts,
18,436 barrels; exports, 9964 barrels. Dull, but
steadily held.
I WHEAT — Receipts, 7400; expor:s, 143.374.
■ Spot steady; No. 2 red f. o. b., afloat, export
i grade. 54c. Options opened easy under foreign
| selling. A rally with corn was followed ny
I afternoon dullness and a downward tendency.
Inspired by weak French cables. July closed
He up on strength In spot wheat, but other
months were H@\»c net lower; No. 2 red July,
S2(§S3c, closed S2ftc; September, 72 3-16®72Hc;
closed 72Vc.
HOPS— Steady.
WOOL— Quiet.
METALS — The week In the metal market
; starts off with buyers Indifferent and quota
tion* on a somewhat nominal basis. Th» metal
I exchange called pig iron warrants at the close I
quiet with 16 60 bid and $6 70 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Quiet at $11 80.
! TIN— $3 S5 bid and $3 S7V» asked.
; SPELTER— DuII, with $4 £0 bid and $4 63
as/ed.
LEAD— The firm naming the settling price
• for Lead from the western mines and smelters
j quotes load $3 SO.
I COFFEE— Options closed steady, 6 points
' hi*. 1 -' r to 5 points lower. Sales. fiSQ bagj. In-
I eluding July Jo 40: September, 15 45(g>5 50. Spot
i coffee. Rio dull; weak; No. 7. invoice, 6Hc; No.
7 Jobbing. 6«%e. Mild Inactive. Corrl-jva. S'j@isc.
SUGAR— Raw strong, tending upward; fair
! refining. 3 S-16c; centrifugal '96 test, 3*»c. Re
; fined firm.
BUTTER— Receipts, 15.451 packages. Steady.
Western creameries, 13^igl7c; .'ilgun, i?c; fac
| tory. ll®l2»ic.
EGGS— Receipts, SMS packets. Market :
: steady. Western, 14c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, July IS.— California dried
fruits: Easy.
'■ EVAPORATED APPLES— 6@Bc;
prime wire tray, SV4c; choice, B%Q>9c; fancy,
S»V*c.
, PRUNES-4@Sc.
I PEACHES— Unpeeled. s<?Tßc; peeled. 12016 c.
j APRICOTS— RoyaI. 8&@10c; Moorpart. 10ft>Iie.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, July IS.— Corn absorbed all the
Interest in the speculative pits to-day. There
was an enormous business done in corn, and
Saturday's advance was well maintained until
near the end of the session. The weather was
another factor of Importance and that was on
the side of the bulls. The corn belt was with
out rains over Sunday, and the Weather Bu
reau forecast gave promise of none for thirty
six hours. The wheat pit cased to be at
tractive to the bulk of the grain speculators, 1
■who crowded the somewhat confined area of ]
the corn pit to a most uncomfortable degree.
A shower of rain on LaSalle street had a ten
dency to create weakness near the close. There
was senerous proflt-taking by the smaller
holders on the bulges and offerings from this
source greatly aided reactions. September
closed '»c lower.
Exc :llent weather for harvesting and
threshing together with good 'crop reports and
lower cables started wh«-M easy. The opening
strength In corn, the small receipts of the new
crop of wheat throughout the country and the
heavy decrease in the visible caused general
buying of wheat on soft spots. As a result the
early decline was moro 'han recovered. July
closed %c higher, September %c lower and De
cember Vie.
Oats followed Corn, closing %c lower.
Speculation In Provisions was rather timid,
because of yellow fever fears. The strength In
Corn had a steadying Influence. There was
also some Improvement In both the Southern
and foreign demand. Pork left off 2^c lower.
Lard unchanged and Ribs 2V»'?sc higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2—
July 73% 75 73% 744
September 67*4 67H 66% 674
December 61% C 7% 67>4 67%
Corn No. 2—
July 33* 34V4 33V4 33%
September 34 34% 33^ 33%
December 34 '4 34% 33% 34H
May 36*4 36% 36 36%
Oats, No. 2—
July 23>i 24 23V4 23t;
September 19% 20 19% 1»%
May ." 224 22% 22% 22%
Mess Pork, per bb!—
July ..... 9 $74
September 990 10 10 890 10 02%
Lard, per 100 lbs—
September 5 67V4 5 72«,4 '6 67% 570
October 675 5 77% 6 72% *5 75
Short Rlbi, per 100 lbs—
September 575 6 77% 5 72% 575
October 6 80 5 80 5 75 6 77%
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, steady; No. 2 spring wheat, 75c; No.
1 spring wheat. 70980 c; No. 2 red. 76%@76%c:
No. 2 com, 33%C34c; No. 2 oat«. 23% c; No. 2
white,' 27% c: No. 3 white, 26c: No. 2 rye, 4S@
48% c; No. 2 barley. 31ft34c; No. 1 flax seed,
SI 02; prime timothy seed. $2 55: mess pork,
per barrel $» 90©9 95; lard, per 100 pound*,
$.", 60®6 C 2; short ribs , sides (loose), $5 55^:5 So;
dry salted shoulders (boxed), 4%<goc; short
clear sides (boxed), »6 10@6 20; sugars, cut
loaf, unchanged. >■
Articles— ' Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 9.100 -8.300
Wheat, bushels 43,000 So.JOO
Corn, bushels •. !89! 89 - 3 iS 470.200
Oats, bushels ......205.200 449.300
Rye bushels .'..... 5.400 15.000
Barley, bushels ..■.■. , 6.100. ■ .2,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day, the Butter
market was firm: Creameries, 12316 c; Dartes.
Il(gl3%. Eggs, dull; fresh, ll%c.
; WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
. Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis • 71.200 17.940
Duluth ».T46
Milwaukee v,200
Chicago 43.097 35.724
Toledo 95.252 64.000
St Louis 59,000 8,000
Detroit -6.602 936
Kansas City 148.000 19.000
Totals 445.127 145,660
Tidewater— :;. ;':•?
Boston 36-000
New York :•... 7.400 145.374
Philadelphia • 1,037
Baltimore « 64,503
New Orleans
Galvegton 20.850
Totals — .".
PARIS FUTURES. -■•■-. ':'-*
Wheat— July. Sept. -Dec.
Owning S4 75 46 20
Closing ....
Flour —
Opening 25 00 2130
Closing • ••••
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
';'..;• '.:' July. Sept. . Dec.
Opening '. 5 11 6 7%
Closing "hi. 5 10% 67%
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
Earl Fruit Company's auction sales of Cali
fornia'fruit:
PHILADELPHIA. July IS.— Bartletts--$1 75©
2 10; average. $2 07. Tragedy Prunes— sl 30®
1,75; average, $1 41. • Washington Plums — Aver
age, .{1 46. Three cars sold.
CHICAGO,' July Bartletts (Ventilator)—
$1 So@2; average, $188. Weather hot. Eight
cars sold. I ■ '
BOSTON, July IS.— Bartletts — $1 25^2 20;
average. $1 83. Tragedy— sl 05(^1 70; average,
II 31. Royal Hntlve Plums— sl 30. Weather
hot. Nine cars sold. . . .
NEW YORK. July 18— Bartletts— 75@2 40;
average, $2 12. Prunes— Tragedy, $1 064*1 30;
average, $1 19; Satsuma, 80c©$l 10; average, 95c.
Plums— Purple Duane, $1 I'U'ifl 35; average.
$124; Burbankn, 75c«$l 75; average, $1 64; Cal
ifornia Red. $1 60<2|.l 75: average, $1 64; Royal
Hatlve. $1 05; Peach Plums. $1 40@l 60; aver
ace, $1 5.". Cherries— Royal Anne, 25c<@Sl 25;
average. 74c; Republican, 55cfj$2 40; average,
78c. Weather wet. Fourteen cars ' sold. I
NEW YORK. July 18.— California fruit was
auctioned to-day as follows: — Bartletts,
$1 SOQ.2 40 box. Prunes— Tragedy. $1 05®l 60
single crate; German, $1 10ib"1 30. Plums —
Bradshaws, V $145: Washlngtons, -$1 20©l 40;
Abundance. '/.cull 15.. .: Peaches — Craw
fords. 80c box. Fifteen cars sold to-day.
CHICAGO, July I?.— Pears— Bartletts. $1 60^
205 box. ■ Plums— Burbanks, $lffH 75 .' single
crate; Wickson, $1 40; Ogon, $1 25@il 40; Peach,
$1 35; Abundance. 51 3.".; California Reds, $1 30;
Washlngtons. $1 CS©l 25; Yellow Egg, ; $1.
Prunes— Slmonl, $1 45 single crate; Tragedy $1
101 40. Peaches— R. Crawford's, $I©l 40 box;
Deckers, $1 (Ml SO; Fosters, $1 06(S"l 25; St.
Johns. - $I@l 30 box and &0,-@si 2:, single crate;
Hale's Earlys. 96c@$l box. Grapes— sl 30 sin
gle crate; Nectarines, . $1 20 single crate.' Ap
ples—Alexanders, 65c half box. Eight cars
sold. -7: V •■
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO
CHICAGO, July 18— CATTLE— Were steady
and strong. Choice steers. $6 Oji^S 50; medium,
$4 65<ff4 80; beef Bteer», $4 15T4 60; stockers and
feeders, f33-i 65; bulls, |: WJH 25; cows and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JTJLT 19, 1893.
heifers, J3 lSfff: canners, S2 40@3 10; calves.
$3 25@7; Western steers. $4 30@6 15.
HOGS— Were about steady. Fair to choice.
$3 95@4 10; packers, $3 80@3 92H: butchers, $3 80
@4 06; mixed. ?3 76@4; light, J3 70®4; pigs. $2 ft
<3>3 SO.
SHEEP— RuIed higher. Spring lambs, *4tf
6 60: native sheep. 53<7?5 25.
Receipts— Cattle, 17,600; hogs, 44,000; sheep.
11.0C0.
KANSAS CITY.
KANPAP CITY, July 18.— CATTLE— Receipts.
BOM, Market steady to strong. Steers, S44j
6 25; cows and heifers, Jl 60®4 86; stockero and
feeders. J3 25@5; bulls, $2 50"4 35.
HOGS— Receipts. fiOOO. Market weak to 5c
lower. Bulk of sales. $3 7533 95: heavies. IS 80
<JJ4; rackers. $3 70@3 90; mixed. $3 Co<gi3 90:
lights. 53 Go@3 75; yorkers. $3 70(23 75; pigs
<1 10fi3 TO. '
SHEEP— Receipts, 500". Market firm; lambs,
$3 7806 15; muttons, $2 to® 4 60.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. July 18— CATTLE— Receipts. 1800
Market steady. Native beef steers, $2 50®5 20-
Western steers, S3 90@4 60; cows and heifers
$3 s("ff-4 60: stockers and feeders, S3 600>4 ii;
calves, $4<ff6.
HOGS— Receipts. 2700. Market steady. Heavy
$3 8033 90; mixed, $3 80(^3 So; bulk of sales
13 So<s3 85.
, SHEEP— Receipts. 1700. Market steady: fair
to choice natives. $3 75@4 DO: do Westerns, $3 SO
©4 30; common, $3 7HN 20: lambs, $4@6.
; - : , DENVER. . . ■ ■■-.
DENVER. July IS.-CATTLE— Receipts, COO.
Market steady, shade higher. Beef steers, Miff
5; cows, $3@4: feeders, freight paid to ilv«r,
J4@4 60: stockers. freight paid to river. *4©
4 90; bulls and stags, $2 50@3 50
HOGS— Receipts, 100. Market steady. Light
r, ac ,^T,f'«J 3 «' 3 8 °; «nl«d, $3 80®3 85; heavy,
|3 70ra S So. . • . ..'■■ ■■■
SHEEP-Receipts, 1900. Market steady. Good
fat muttons. $3 25^4 25. .... .-
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LON.DON, July 18.— Consols, 111 T-18; Silver,
27Hd; French rentes, 108f 12Hc.
LIVERPOOL. July 18.-Wheat. steady; No.
1 Standard California. 32s M: cargoes off coast,
buyers and sellers apart; cargoes on passage,
nominal, unchanged; English country markets,
partially cheaper; Wheat In Paris, weak
Flour In Paris, weak; quantity Wheat and
Flour on passage to U. X., 2.540,000; quantity
Wheat an Flour on Passage to Continent, 1.
070.000: Indian shipments Wheat to U. X., 128,
000; Indian shipments Wheat to Continent. 87.
000; imports into U. K. for week. 192.000 bar
rels Flour; 396.000 quarters Wheat.
COTTON— 8 7-l6d.
WHEAT— closed quiet, July 6s 7tfd:
September. as 10i»d; December. 5s 7Hd.
CORN— Spot. American mixed, steady, 3s
2d: October, steady, 3s 4%d.
Imports of wheat Into Liverpool for the week
were: From Atlantic ports. 79.300 quarters 1
from Pacific ports, 6000 quarters; from other
ports, 39,000 quarters.
Imports of corn Into Liverpool from Atlan
tic ports for the week. 58,400 quarters.
VISIBLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK, July 18.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain In store and afloat Sat
urday. July 16. as compiled by the New York
Produce Exchange Is as follows: Wheat, 10 -
461,000 bushels; decrease, 2,055,000; Corn, 19 -
953.000 bushels: decrease, 2,872,000; Oats, 6,577
000 bushels; decrease, 363.000; Rye. 460.000 bush
els: decrease. 418,000; Barley. . 585.000 bushels,
increase, 11,000.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW ORLEANS, July 18.— COTTON—
middling. 5%c. ' .-;.;•,
NEW YORK. July COTTON— Very dull;
middling. 6 3-16 c. \
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON. July IS.— The wool sales to-day
were well attended. There was extreme com
petition all around, and good New South Wales
wool sold at the late high prices, especially
locks and pieces. The following are ten ra!e3
in detail:
New South Wales, 3500 bales; scoured, 7Hd@
ls-s"'fl: greasy. 4Hd®lod.
Queensland. 1400 bales; scoured, Is 2!4d<3ls
3Hd: greasy, 7d(fi:S%d.
Victoria. 1100 bales; scoured, 9Hd®ls sd:
greasy. 6 l *d@'ls 3d.
South Australia. 2200 bales; scoured, U%d©
Is 4d: greasy, 5«-JdSSV4d.
Tasmania, 500 bales; greasy, Bd®9Hd.
New Zealand. 1700 bales; scoured, SV&dSls M;
greasy. 4>*d4i9d.
Cape of Good Hope and Natal, 100 bales;
greasy. 7digS4d.
Fnlkland Islands, 900 bales; greasy, 4d@6^d. j
Spanish, 100 bales; greasy, 3*id@4d.
ELGIN BUTTER.
ELGIN. 111., July IS.— BUTTER— Firm: offer
ings, 1270 pounds; sales 900 tubs at 16% c; 97
tubs at 17c. Quotation committee made offi
cial price 16V4c. Sales for the week, 12.000 tubs
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or July 18.— Exchanges, $278,
262; balances, $38,533.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Or., July Wheat— Walla
Walla, 60@62c; Valley and Blue Stem. 63@64c.
WASHINGTON.
TA^OMA, July IS.— Wheat quotations are
nominal at the closing prices of last weflfc.
Club. 60c; blueKtem. 68c
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight.  — $4 87
Sterling .Exchange, 60 days — 4 SSV4
Sterling Cables — 4 88
New York Exchange, telegraphic. '-"—JH 17^
New York Exchange, sight — 1".
Fine Sliver, per ounce .— C9V4
Mexican Dollars 16 *<,-,
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The week opened on the usual dull
and featureless market.
Spo' Wheat— Shipping, $1 2501 27%; milling,
$1 35@1 45 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
6000 ctls, $1 27%.
Second session— 2ooo ctls, $1 27%.
Regular morning session— December— 4ooo ctls,
$1 2T',«; 10.000, II 27H; SOOO. $1 27.
Afternoon session — December — 8000 ctls,
fl 27',.
BARLEY— market Is very dull at the
quotations.
Feed, $1 20@l 22',; Brewing, »1 30@l 35.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal scission — 9:15 o'clock No Bales.
Second session— No sales.
Regular morning session — December— 2ooo
ctls, $1 19%.
Afternoon session — sales. ; .
— There Is no business of any conse
quence. Fancy Feed, $1 32>-4@l 35 per ctl: good
to choice, $1 SOI 32H; common, ■ $1 17H@1 22V4;
Surprise. $1 32'/..Ji 1 35: gray. $1 22Vi®l 25; mill-
Ins. $.1 30fi)l 35 per etl.
CORN— Offerings are lighter and the market
Is firmer. Small round yellow, Jl 30@l 35;
Eastern large yellow, $1 07V4;. white, $1 05@
1 07V4: mixed, $1 05 per ctl.
RYE— sl 20fil 25 per cti.
BUCKWHEAT— SI 75@1 85 per ctL
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR-Famlly extras. $4 65@4 75; bakers'
extras, $4 4fi<B'4 50 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 per 100;
Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 60; extra cream
Cornmeal. $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat Groats,
$4 50; Hominy, $3 2r,<5Y3 50; Buckwheat Flour, $4
(5.4:5: Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Farina. $4 60;
Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats (bar
rels), $5 Soft' 6 25; In sacks, J5 65@6 05; Pearl
Barley, 55; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50
per 100 lbs. - . ....'■- .",>,-; -.v
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Receipts of Hay were the heaviest thus . far
this season, | being 1011 lons , from all sources,
anil the . market was >veak j In , conseijj*nce,
though there was no decline. . FeeiSstuffs were
unchanged. »
KUAN— f.fKTln 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS-- per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS - Rolled Barley, $26 per ton.
Ollcnke Meal at the mill. $31(3)31 50; jobbing,
J32fi32 Cocoanut Cuke, 121025: Cottonseed
Meal. $2S®3O per ton; Cornmeal, J23@23 60;
Cracked Corn. $24«2» 50.
NEW HAY — Wheat. $1S 50#19 for choice
and $17@18 for lower grades; Wheat and Oat,
$17<518 50; Oat, $15® IS: Wild Oat. »16@17; Bar
ley. $10: Island Barley. $Hi?t>l6; Alfalfa, $12 50
©IS: Clover. Jl3i{f'l4 50 per ton.
STRAW— per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Rather more speculative Inquiry for Beans Is
reported, though the market- is: quiet at best.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 90®2 95; Small :♦ Whites.
$180@190; Large Whites, $1 75@1 80; Pinks. $2 60
#2 75; Red«. $2 75<§<2 85: Blackeye. S3@3 25: But
ters, $1 80®2; Ltmas. $2«0<?2 90; Pea, $1 90@2;
Red Kidneys. $2 oO® 1 * 70 per ctl. '
- SEEDS — Brown Mustard. $4 60®5 per ctr
Yellow Mustard. $4 50© > R: Flax. $2W2 OR: Canary
Seed. 2%®2%c per Ib : Alfalfa, 3@6c; Rape. 2V 4 ia
2%c: Hemp. 2%@3c; Timothy. s@sVic.
: DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 75©2; Green, J2@2 10
per ctl. , .
POTATOES, ONIONS AND . VEGETABLES.
Potatoes and ! Onions , are . both rather lower.
Vegetables range . about the same. S
V POTATOES— . In sacks ; and ) 80@75c 'In
boxes for Early Rose and 50@65c In sacks and
r,ofi!'oc In boxes for Burbanks; Salinas Bur
banks, 75@E5c. . .; ■■'.'■: -v '■"■ -:\ v
ONIONS— 3S@SOc per ctl - for red and 65@80c
per ctl for yellow. I
_^VEGET ABLES^-Green Peas, __ Jc : String
Beans, 2@4c* per'lh; : Lima Beans, ' 4«5'5c; Bay
Squash. 75cffjl; Green Peppers. •' 60<5"75c '.<: for
Chile : and ; 75c@$l 25 for Bell; ; Dried Peppers
s© 6c; Cabbage. 50c per ctl: Carrots, 30@50c per
sack: Bay Cucumbers, 85c<??$l; -Vacaville To
matoes, 50c®$l:Los Angeles, $ 1 Si" 1 25 per box
River -Tomatoes.. J2<&'2 25; Green :; Corn. * 75c@
ft 25 per sack for Vacaville, , $I@l 50 per crate
for ■ Alameda and 75®S5c for Berkeley; . Garlic
2®3c>per lb; Green Okra, 60c@$l; Egg Plant,
75c(2P$l 25 per box. - . r . ,
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced, raw. 12c per "- Joints of 25 lbs; sliced
desiccated; - r 16<518c; ?■ granulated, ": raw, 18c;
Onions, 60c; Carrots, old, '13e; : new, 18c; Cab
bage, 30c: Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips, 25c;
String Beans. 30c; Tomatoes. 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— The market was nominal yester
day in the absence of receipts. Live Turkeys,
13@15c for Gobblers and 13514 for Hens; young
Turkeys, 17@18c: Geese, per pair. 75c<g$l; Gos
lings. $i@i 25; Ducks, $2 50®3 for old and $S®s
for young; Hens, S3 56@5; Roosters, young $6®
.; Roosters, old, $4 50<5;5; Fryers, Js@s 50; Broil
ers. S3 50<jf4 for large; S2 00®'3 for small: Pig
eons. SI 50@l 75 per dozen for young and Sl@
1 26 for old.
GAME — Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
The Butter market is weak, and although
several dealers report sales of fancy cream
ery at 22c, the majority are quoting from 20c
to 21c. There is plenty on hand, though fancy
brands show less weakness than seconds.
lianch Eggs are firm, but store are weak and
quiet.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 20@21c; seconds.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 17©18 c; common
grades, Is@i6c.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, 14@15c per lb;
Elgin, nominal.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 8c; old. 7®
<He; Cream Cheddar, lO@llc; Young America,
Wo; Eastern. lfS\Zc.
EGGS— Ranch Egp-s, 16ffll9c per dozen; store !
Eggs, 12@14c; Eastern, 13@18c; Duck Eggs, j
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Peaches, Apricots and Plums show no par
ticular change.
Melons of all kinds are scarce and bringing
high prices.
Grapes are green and slow of sale. Berries
are firm. Figs are scarce.
Oranges are well cleaned up and are getting
nominal. Limes are lower.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries. $3 50@4 50 per chest for large
and S6@7 for small.
Royal Anne Cherries, 40@500 per box.
Figs, BEi{j'soc per box for single and 60<1>780 for '■
double layers.
Cantaloupes, $3 50@4 00 per crate; Nutmegs,
$2 60S-3 00 per box; Watermelons, $10 00®25 00
per hundred.
Huckleberries. B@l2Uc per lb.
Red Nectarines, $l@l 25; White Nectarines,
40fi60c per box.
Fontalnebleau Grapes from Vacavllle. 40<gi75c
per crate; Seedless White Grapes from Yuma,
per crate; Black Grapes. .
Blackberries. S4@s per chest.
Currants, SI 76©3 00 per chest.
Plums. 40g*73e per crate and 25®65c per box.
Apricots, 40@65c per box and *40®65 per ton
In hulk.
Peaches. 40c<JrSl per box, 75c@Sl per basket.
Raspberries, |5@6 per chest.
Apples, 40@50c for common, and 75c®Sl 25 per
box for No. 1.
Crabapples, 35@50c per box.
Bartlett Pears, |i@i 25 per box and $30 per
ton.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $2®3;
Seedlings, 75c<!jSl; Lemons, SI 26@2 Tor com
mon and $2 BOjiS for Rood to choice; Mexi
can Limes, $6; Bananas, SI 25<g2 per bunch;
Pineapples, S3Q4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
New Apricots are very firm and a further
advance is quite likely in the near future, as
the East Is bidding briskly for them. Eu
rope is also Inquiring: for Prunes, but wants
only the large sizes, which bid fair to be
scarce this year. There is no talk of Peaches
thus far. -».,' ; '= ■ ;
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots, iV<3>
Be for 40-50' s, 4\i@4Vjc for 50-60' s. 3%@4e for
60-70' s. 3Vt@3Hc for 70-80' s, 2»4<S3c for 80-90" s, 2»4
<s'2Vsc for 90-100's: Peaches. 3@sc; fancy, s&@
6c; peeled,. 10@12>4c: new Apricots. S(g9c for
Royals; old. Apricots, 5@6%c for Royals and
7@Bc for good to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, 7H@-e; sun-dried, 4&@sc: Black
Figs. In sacks, 2t?2Hc: Plums. 4i4@4%c for
pitted and IV*©! for unpltted; bleached
Plums, s@s^c; Nectarines, 4'g'sc for prime to
fancy; Pears, 24!fi'4'*>c for quarters and 3@B^c
for halves, according to color, etc.
RAISINS— 2@2Hc for two-crown. 2%@3c for
three-crown.' 3W@3%c for " four-crown, 4Vic for
Seedless Sultanas, 2%c for heedless Muscatels
and Jig 1 15 for London -layers; dried Grapes,
2V£c.
NUTS— Walnuts. 3®4c for hardshell, 4@6c for
softshell; Almonds, 3@4c for hardshell, 6<B7c for
i softshell, SV4@9c for paper-shell; Peanuts, 4@
BHc for Eastern and 4V4c for California; Pe
cans, 6V4@Bc; Filberts, 9H@loc; Brazil Nuts,
B(g~9c per Ib; Cocoanutß, $4 50@5 p»r 100.
HONEY— SijilOc for bright and 6<3>7c
for lower grades.; water-white extracted, s^©
6c;' light amber extracted, 4%@5%c per It>.
BEESWAX— 244,26c per It).
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 9e per Ib for
heavy, 9V4c for light medium, 10c for light,
lie for extra light and 12(gl2»*c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured & Hams, 10%@llc; Cali
fornia Hams. 9Vi@loc: Mess Beef, $10 50 per hbl;
extra Mess Beef, $11: Family Beef, $12; % alt
Pork. $9; extra prime Pork,. $10; extra clear,
$17® 17 60; mess, $15; Smoked Beef, 12ffil2^i
per n>. : . ■'•' : -. •-» :': ' -■ ..■'*.■ •;•■=
Eastern, tierces, quoted at «c per r»
for compound and 8c for pure; palls, 8V- 1 :
California tierces. 5%c per Ib for compound
and 7c for pure; half barrels, 7%c; 10-Ib tins,
8c; 5-n> tins, B«4c. •
COTTOLENE— 6%@6%c; packages
lees than 300 lbs— l-It> pails, 60 In a case, 9',ic;
3-!t> palls, 20 In a case, B%c; 5-!t> pulls. 12 m a
case. BV4c; 10-lb pails, -6 In a case, B%c; 50-Ib
tins, 1 or 2 in a case. ~%c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net. BVic: fancy tubs., 80 lbs n-t, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs. 7%c per lt>.
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
about lc under the" quotations. Heavy saltc-d
steers. 10'ic: medium, 9%c;, light, Jc; Cow
hides, 9ft9Vic; Stags, 6c; salted Kip, 9c; Calf.
10c; dry Hides, sound, 16c; culls and
brand". 12c;. dry Kip and Veal. 15c; dry
Calf, ISc; Goatskins. 27ii'(?30c: medium, 60c;
winter. 10c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@25c each;
short wool. 30@40c each; medium, 60@80c; long
wool. 90cJ|$l 10 each: Horsehides, salt, $2^2 50
for large and-sl@lso for small; Colts. 50c;
Horsehides, dry, $1 60@2 for large and $1 for
small; Colts, 50c. - • '
* TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3',ic per Ib; No. 2,
2«c: refined. 4V4<fi4»ic: Grease, 2c. .
WOOL— Fall clips. Southern Mountain, 7@loc;
free Northern. . »if(l2c. ! Spr-.ig clip— Southern
Mountain, 12 months', 9@llc; San Joaquin and
Southern, 7 months'. i.@loc; ' Foothill and
Northern, free, 12C(*14c; do, defective. 10@12c;
Middle county, 13@16c; Humboldt and Mendo
clno. 15@17c; Nevada. 10(??14c: Eastern Oregon,
10@12c; Valley Oregon. 15@17c.
HOPS— IB 97 crop, 9@l2Hc per Ib. ,
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 4*i@4%c; Wool
Bn*e. nominal; San Quentjn, $4 85.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
lington. $8: Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seat
tle, $6; Bryant, $6: Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend,
$7 50; Cumberland, $10 25 In bulk and $11 60 In
i sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $11; Can
nel, $10 per ton: Rock Springs and Castle Gate.
$7 60; Coke, $12 per ■ ton in bulk and $14 in
sacks. \
• SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed. 7c; Powdered, 6%c; Candy
Granulated, 6c; Dry Granulated. 5%c;. Confec
tioners' A, 6%c: Magnolia A, 5V4c: Extra C,
5»4c: Golden C, 6%c; California A, 6Hc per Ib,
half-barrels, Vie more than barrels, and boxes
%c more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
There Is no further, decline in Hogs, though
there is no scarcity. \ \ ... A
, Wholesale rates for '; dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows: ■
BEEF— First quality, 6Vfcc; second quality,
&i,i(&'tic; third quality, : 4%@5V4c per Ib.
VEAL— Large, 4@3c; small, 6@7c per Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7V4@Bc; Ewes, 707^0
per Ib.
LAMB— Spring, S@SHc per Ib. ,: : : -J.
PORK— Hogs, 4<£<''?4%c for large. 5c for
medium and 41i4(&4V4c4 l i4(&4V4c for small; stock Hogs,
2<3>3V4c; dressed Hogs. 6@7Vic.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Monday, : July 18.
Flour, qr »k» ... 3,301 Wool, bales 215
Wheat, ctls 44.879 Pelts, bdls 105
Barley, ctls .. 2,005 Hides,. no ........ 404
Rye. ctls 390 Eggs, doz 12.900
Butter, ctls .220 Quicksilver, fisk. 9
Cheese, ctls ..... 30 Leather, rolls ... t 77
Beans, sks 415 Lumber, ft ....... 26.000
Potatoes, sks ... : 6,177 Wine, gals ...... 33,600
Onions, sks 891 Lime, bbls ...... 301
Hay. tons ........,, 931 Sugar, bbls ..... 4
Straw, tons ...... 06 1
pf4 ■ f. 1 OREGON. . .
Oats, ctls ........ 1. 220 ; Hay, tom ....:... 70
•. - " ■:.•: : UTAH. ."-' :-i;'^r !
Hay, tons 20 1 . .
IDAHO.
Hay, tons ..'...'... ' 20i.'.....L
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks continue dull and fluctuations
are necessarily narrow owing to the very low
range of values. The different Comstock com
panies, it Is reported, nre taking the necessary
Fteps to reduce their par value from $100 down
to '- $2 50 or $5 per share, to bring the busi
ness of stock speculation down to the exac
tions of the new stamp law. The mining op
erations on the Comstock are now practically
suspended. "" - market yesterday waa lower
all around as a general thing.
Local securities showed no change worthy of
note. Business was fair.
The South Swansea Mining Company of
Utah has passed its dividend for July. This
company has paid monthly dividends of five
cents per share, or $7500, up to this time.
The Mountaineer Mill and Mining- Company
of Nevada County has levied an assessment
of three cents per share, delinquent August 6.
The annual meeting of the San Francisco
and San Joaquin Valley Railway Company will
be held to-day.
The Union Consolidated Mining Company
has re-elected «•«• old board of directors, with
Charles H. Fish as president, A. P. Swain
secretary, and D. B. Lyman superintendent.
The San Francisco Gaa and Electric Com
pany has declared a reg-ular monthly dividend
of 60 cents per share, payable August 1.
The Savage assessment of 10 cents will be de
linquent in the company's office to-day.
The following dividends are announced:
Jamison Mining Company, California, 5 cents
per share, $19,500, payable August 15; Asso
ciated Gold Mining Company, Colorado, 1 cent
per share, $12,500, July 15; Portland, Colo
rado, 14 cents per share. $46,000. July 15.
The Spring Valley Water Company will pay
a monthly dividend of 50 cents per share on
the 20th.
■Weekly reports from the leading mines are
as follows:
Con. Cal. & Va.— 1550 level— From the Incline
upraise No. 1, at a point 112 feet above the
Eill floor of this level from the south drift at
a point 230 feet In from He mouth, the upraise
started en the east side of the drift has been
carried up 8 feet; total height. 37 feet. pass-
Ing through porphyry and quartz assaying from
$1 to $6 per ton. 1650 level— We continue re
pairing upraise No. 2 from this level upward.
From the old east crosscut on the sill floor
of this level at a point 93 feet In from its
mouth from the upraise carried up 15 feet
above the sill floor from the north end of
the openings from the upraise carried up 2S
feet, we have worked east and north through
streaks and bunches of ore from which we have
extracted 27 tons of ore, assaying per mine
car samples, $33 37. 1750 level— On the eighth
floor from the upralss from the east crosscut
at a point 27 feet from its mouth, the north
drift has been advanced 14 feet; total length. 55
feet; passing through porphyry streaked with
quartz, assaying from $1 to $3 per ton. The
total extraction of ore for the week amounted
to 29 ton*, the average assay value of which
per samples taken from cars at the surface was
$30 75.
All prospecting work In the mine was sus
pended at 1:30 p. m. on July 16.
Sierra Nevada— Rlley tunnel— During the week
extracted IS mining cars of ore from the fourth
and fifth floors and also cleared the chute in
the mine of ore deposited there the
week previous, making 28 mining carloads
of ore. The average assay of samples taken
from the face was gold. $31 26; silver, 25 ounces
per ton. Have tetimbered the old Sierra Ne
vada shaft 15 feet during the week, making a
total of 70 feet. Are putting up the building
for the hoisting works. The west crosscut from
the north drift, started at a point 50 feet north
from the tunnel line, was advanced 25 feet;
face in low grade quartz and porphyry. 900
level— West crosscut No. 6 at a point 100 feet
north from crosscut No. 6 was advanced 16
feet; total length, 204 feet; face In porphyry
and clay.
In the Chollar and Potosl mines all the men
with the exception of three employed on re
pairs In the main Incline were laid off on July
Brunswick lode— Gould & Curry-Best ft Bel
cher—All work has been discontinued in the
shaft. Sutro tunnel level— Joint north drift
from the Sutro tunnel has been advanced 18
feet; total length, 194 feet: face In porphyry.
From the end of this drift ha\-e started a west
crosscut.
Chollar and Potosl— On the 600 level work
on the winze In the east crosscut on the south
line of Chollar has been discontinued. On the
RnO level of Incline shaft No. 1 the Joint Chol
lar and Potosl south drift was extended 16
feet for the week. Total length 132 feet. This
drift ho? reached the north line of the Chol
lar ground, and its face Is In hard porphyry.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Bid. Ask. . Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds— 'Oakland Gas.. 52 —
Is quar coup. .llo 111 IPac Gas Imp.. — 86
*s quar n»g...109%1104 >>ac L Co 49% 50%
is quar new. ..124 125 t? F G & E... 85 854
Miscellaneous — |>an Fran 3 3%
Pal-st Cab 55.112 — i;tock Gas .... 13 —
Cal ICI as 125 — I Insurance—
C C Wat 6e... 95 100 Firem's Fund. 190 —
Dup-st ex c... — 984 j Bank Stocks—
E L, & P 65.. 1284 — Anglo-Cal .... 56 66
V&C\ Ry 6s. 113 114 Sank of Ca1.. 243 2io
i!eary-st R ss. — 100 iral S D & T.. 96% 98
IC4S 545.. 100 105 First Nat 200 —
A L Co 6s. — 100 f>jn P & A. ...1274 —
Do Cntd 65.. — 100 Mer Exchenge 10 15
Market-st 65.. 124 — Nev Nat B — IGS
Do Ist M 55.. 114 — Savings Banks—
Kat Yin 6s lets — 974 Or S & L,.. — 16f>0
HCNO Ry 78.103 — Hum S & L.1050 1160
KRy Cal 65.. 108 — Mutual Say. — 424
N Ry Cal 55.. 102 1024 \< F Say U.. -.80 —
NPC R R us. 100 102 V. (i L 30.... — 100
Oak Gas 5s 100 — jeeurity SB.— 300
Do 2d is 55.. — 109 Vi Union T Co. 1000 —
Om Ry 6s 126 — Street Railroad—
P & O 6s 107 — California .... — 108
P& Cl Ry 65.1024103 Vi Geary 40 —
Powell-st 65. ..119 — Market-st ....634 —
Brno \VL&1,..100 — Presidio 6 8
Fac Elecßyss.loo — Powder —
l ; F & N P 55. 1064106% California ....120 150
liierraßCal 6s. — 103 E Dynamite... 85 95
P P of Ar 65.. 1034104 r.lant Con Co. 46% 47%
V- P Cal 6s — 113 Vlgorit 3 34
tiPC Is eg 55.. 94 — Miscellaneous—
S 1' Br 6s — 115 Al Pac Assn.. 93% —
P V Wat 65... 117% — Hana P C 0.... 15% 16
V V Wat 45. ..1024— tier Ld Wks..llo —
Ptock Gas 65. .100 — H C &'S Co.. 22% 234
Water Stocks— Hutch S P Co. 49% 604
Tontra Costa.. 50 54 Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Martn Co 60 — Js'at Yin C 0... — 7
Ppring Valley. 984 99 Oceanic S Co. 65 654
Gas & Electric— Pac A F L.... 1% 2%
Oent Gaslight. los — Pac Bot C 0.... 100 104
Mutual El Co. — ll%iPar Paint Co. 7 —
Morning Session.
15 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 23 50
150 Hutchlnson S P Co 60 00
$1000 Park & Cliff House 6s Bonds 103 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 85 00
65 Spring Valley Water 98 75
$10,000 S F & N P Ry Bonds 106 50
Street—
60 Hana Plantation Co 15 75
$25,000 S F & N P Ry Bonds 106 50
Afternoon Session
20 Alaska Packers' Association 94 00
15 California Safe Deposit 97 00
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 23 12W
125 do do 23 00
5 Oakland Gas 52 00
10 Pacific Lighting 49 50
50 do do 50 00
2DO S F Gas & Electric Co 85 00
50 Spring Valley Water 98 75
$5000 S P of A Bonds 103 75
Street—
50 Spring Valley Water 98 75
$73,000 S F & N P Ry Bonds 106 60
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
20 Alaska Packers' Association 94 00
5 Oceanic Steamship Co 64 624
Afternoon Session
86 Giant Powder Con 46 50
60 Hutchlnson S P Co 60 25
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Belcher 07 100 12
200 Caledonia 19 100 IX
500 Chollar 10 200 10
100 Con Cal & Va... 28 50 Potosl 16
600 25 400 Savage 07
200 26 200 Sierra Nevada.. 37
100 Hale & Norcrs. 48 300 36
200 45 50 Unlpn Con 16
100 Mexican 07 300 14
100 Ophir 14 200 Yellow Jacket .. 09
100 13
Afternoon Session
100 Best & Belcher. 12 300 Mexican 09
SOOChollar 15 100 Sierra Nevada .. 41
100 Con Cal & Va.. 34 1 50 Standard 140
800 Gould & Curry •• 06!
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Joseph L. Wilson to Caroline Wilson (wife),
lot on SW corner of Van Ness avenue and
Filbert street. W 186, S 88.32, N 137:6. E 137,
N l?5:llVi: also lot on NW corner of Union and
Van Ness avenue, W 70:3. NW 83:3, NE 132:11.
S 140:2^: also lot on NE corner of Van Ness
avenue and T'nlon street, E 108:6, N 105, W 30,
NW 125. S 203; gift.
Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society to Wil
liam L. Helke, lot on N line of Waller street,
35 E of Laguna, E 25 by N 100; $2000.
Same to same, lot on N line of Waller street,
30 E of Laguna, E 5 by N 100; $500.
William W. Miller to Butler E. Shaw, un
divided half of lot on N line of Fell street,
153:3 B of Ashbury. E 26 by N 137:6: $1500.
Charles Q. Smith to Charles O. Smith, Lucy
V. Kellom ( wife of H. T.) and Winnie G.
Trlpp (wife of Clinton C). lot on W line of
Folsom street. 170 S of Twenty-fifth, S 26 by
W 115. gift, etc: »5.
Louis R. Townsend to Mary V. Townsend,
lot on SW corner of Sacramento street and
Prospect place. W 30 by S 46; $10.
John J. Feehan to Tressa Brooks, all Interest
In lot on NW corner of First and Natoma
street. N 38 by W 50; $10.
William A. Stnrk to Joseph Young, lot on N
corner of Folnom and Eighth streets, NE 75
by NW 80; $8500.
Ernest yon Bargen to Frederlcke C. Slebe,
lot on \V line of Twenty-second avenue, 175
N of Point Lobos, N 100 by W 120, quitclaim
d.-*-d; $246.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Catherine Jacobs,
lot on W line of Eleventh avenue, 225 S of
I street, S 25 by W 120: $10.
Anna llanos to Walter C. and Theresa A.
Erratt (formerly Danes), lot on N line of Mi
nerva street. 400 N of Plymouth. E 293:6, NW
130. W 236, S 126. lot 6. block T. Raflroad Home
stead: also lots 18, 20 and N half of lot 22,
Gift Map 2; gift.
Hormnn and Clara Klepen to William C. and
Minnie Fisher, lot on N line of Sadowa street.
100 E of Plymouth. E 50 by N 125, lot 4, block
H. Railroad Homestead: $10.
Louis R. Townnend to Mary V. Townsend,
lot on N corner of Thirteenth avenue and D
street. NW 150 by NE 100. lots 1R and 16, block
242. South San Francisco and Railroad Asso
ciation; $10.
Alnmeda County.
Owen M. Br^nnan to Lucy Gallagher, lot on
E line of Linden street. 169 S of Third. S 25 by
E 125. being lot 19, block 442. Adeline and
Market Street Homestea,d, Oakland: $900.
J. H. and Stella Wood to Olive D. Farrar.
lot on S line of Virginia street. 254 W of Mll
vl.i, W 50 by S 135. lot 10. block D, Janes
Tract, quitclaim deed. Berkeley; $20.
John Y. and Mary A. Millar to Marclan C.
Morlock, lot on 8 line of Bellevue street. 341 E
of Frultvale avenue. E 37:6 by S 174. being lot
15 and H lot 14. resuMlvision of Bellevue
Tr.-iot. Brooklyn Township; $175.
Mary A. Maloon to Benjamin F. Maloon,
IR.!>B acre*, bounded on N by lands of C. H.
Maloon. E by Crow Canon road. S by lands
of Sehrelber ajul W by lands of Nlssen, Eden
Township; gift.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to La.
clnda C. Tucker, lot 688 ln plat 38. Mountain
View remeterv, Oakland Township; $68.
Luelnda C, Tucker to Caroline S. Swain, the
S V, .«m«. Oakland Township; $50.
David McMullin to Mary A. McElhatton
(wife of W. A.), lot on SB line of Stanford
avenue, with N in Prince street, NE 58.43, E
124.95, S 52.60. W 150.74 to beginning, being lot
8, block P, Amended Map Newberry Tract,
Berkeley; $700.
L. W. and Nellie S. Kruhl to C. N. Critten
don and A. TV. Dennett, lots 66 to 71, block
E; and lot 201. block M. Beulah Park Prop
erty. East Oakland: $10.
Alonzo P. Payson to Belle L. Payson. lot on
W line of Shattuck avenue, 170 N Rose street,
N 70 by W 135, being the N 70 feet of lot 8.
block 20. property Berkeley Villa Homestead
Association; Berkeley; gift.
Florence Fletcher to Harriet W. Fletcher, lot
on 8 line of Channlng Way, 170 E Bowditch
street, E 45 by S 135. being lot 13, block 8. Col
lepe Homestead Association, subject to mort
gage; to correct 666 d 4to; Berkeley; $10.
J. S. Ea?tman et al, by commissioner, to
David Anderson, lot 10. block D, Latham Ter
race, Brooklyn Township: J2.015.
David Anderson to Roblna Low (wife of
James B.), same: $2,000.
David Anderson to Roblna Low (wife of
James B.), lots 5 and 6, block D. lots 4. i>, 6 and
18, block F, Daly Tract, Brooklyn Township;
$500.
North Alameda Land Company to V. T. Lax
mer. lots 26 and 27, block 19, North Alameda
Tract, Brooklyn Township; $750.
E. B. and Stella M. Stone to H. S. Bridge,
lots 14, 16. IS and 20. block IS. Resubdivlded
Townslte of Fltchburg. Brooklyn Township;
$10.
■ m ■
Nature paints the country, but man
paints the town.— Puck.
THE CALL CALENDER.
JMly, IS9S.
Su
Mo
Moon's Phaa<w.
/O, Fall MOO 3.
©Full Mooi.
July 8.
4
IT
Quarter.
€Last wirier.
Jnly la
.-v Mew Moon.
W Jnlj 18.
BUN) MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetle Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
TUESDAY, JULT 18.
Sun rises 6:01
Sun sets 7:29
Moon sets 7:62 p. m.
5:4»
6:19
H \V
0:13
0:55
1:44
2:38
3:38
— 0
— 0.
-0.5] 1:04
-0.3 I:2S
L W
5.2 6:49
5.0 7:21
4.7 7:fao
4.8 8:35
S.9| 9:16!
4.'
4.'
6:36
6:19
H \V
1:50
2:15
2:42
I 3:14
1 8:52
3.1
M
U:3s|
6.4
P.i
7:05
7:54
8:47 i
0:41
! 10:4S
0.
l.;
1.
6.
5.!
6.:
1.9
1.5
1.1
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
doy In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right wand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given hy the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
(OREGON.)
Treasury Department, Office of the Lighthouse
Board, Washington, D. C, July 12, 1898:
Tillamook Head Light Station— Notice is
hereby given that on July 1, IS9B. the sounding
of the fog siren at this station, on Tillamook
Rock, oft the seacoast of Oregon, was tem
porarily discontinued, for repairs to the ma
chinery. The sounding of the siren will be
resumed, during thick or foggy weather, after
July 30, 1898.
This notice affects the "Lists of Lights and
Fog Signals, Pacific Coast, 1597," page 20, No.
1044, and the "List of Beacons and Buoys, Pa
cific Coast, 1897." page 3S.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
RUSH R. WALLACE.
Commodore, U. 8. Navy. Chairman.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlo
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lightß. dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
buildinpr, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory. Mare Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, If any. Is published
In the morning papers the following day.
CHAS. P. WELCH,
Ensign (retired). V. S. N., in charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Starbuck Panama I.
Czarina Seattle I.
State CalifornlalPortland ,
Santa Rosa San Diejro
Chllknt iHumboldt
Czarina Seattle ,
Bristol Comox
Mackinaw Tacoma I.
Arizona Tacoma I.
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound!
Crescent City.. Crescent City
North Fork Humboldt
Coos Bay INewport
Arcata ICoos Bay
Orizaba IHumboldt I,
Wellington IDeparture Bay ].
\Va;»htenaw ! Tacoma I.
Columbia (Portland
Pomona. |fc>an Dlegro
Fultgn lPortland
Aztec (China and Japan
L#eianaw |St. Michael
Tlllamook St. Michael
Humboldt |St. Michael !
Walla Walla... I Victoria & Pugret Sound!
Homer INewport |,
19
19
20
20
20
20
20
20
20
21
21
2!
22
22
23
23
23
24
24
24
24
■
25
25
26
M
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. 1 Pier.
Orizaba .... Humboldt .... July 19, 10 am Pier 9
Curacao Mexk'O July 19, 10 am Pier 11
Homer Newport July 20, 9 am Pier 11
Umatllla ..I Vic A P*t Sd. July 20. 10 am Pier •}
Newburgr ..'Humboldt July 20, fl ampler 4
Santa RosaiSan Diepo — Uuly 22, 11 amPler 11
State of CallFortland Uuly 22. lOamPler 12
Chilkat ....iHumboldt .... July 22. 9 am Pier 13
Arcata ICoos Bay July 23. 10 am Pier IS
Coos Bay...! Newport lJuly 24, 9 am 'Pier 11
Queen Vic & P*t Sd.lJuly 25. 10 amPler 9
North ForklHumboldt 'July 26. 9 am Pier 2
Columbia ..Portland (July 26, 10 am;Pler 12
Pomona ISan Dleiro 'July 26, 11 am Pier 11
Fulton JOrcRon Ports. Uuly 26,
Gaelic [Chlnn&Japan'July 26. 1 pm'PMSS
Steamer.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydragraphlc Office, V. 8. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, July
19. 1898.
The time ball was dropped about IS>4 seconds
fast July IS. CHARLES P. WELCH
Ensign (retired). U. S. N.. In charge!
INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday. July 18.
Stmr Scotia, Hansen, 26 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Homer. Jessen, 74 hours from Newport
and way ports.
Hark Alden Besse, Potter. 29 days frm Hono
lulu.
Bark Annie Johnson. Matson, 23 days from
Hilo.
Fr bark Canrobert. Boju. 62 days from New
cnetle. N S W.
Hktn S G Wilder, McNelll. 2J% days from
Honolulu.
Srhr Mary Dodge, Hansen, S2 days from Ka
hulul.
Schr Joseph Ruhr, Peterson, — days from
Unjca. Up river direct.
Schr Margaret. Noyes, 44 days from Ssn
Bias.
Schr Ralph J Long, BH days from Sluslaw
River.
Sehr Fortune, Roslch, 36 hours from Eu
reka.
CLEARED.
Monday. July 18.
Stmr Columbia, Green, Astoria; O R & N
Co.
Stmr Pomona, Debney, San Diego; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Orliaba. Parsons, Eureka: Goodall,
Fwklns & Co.
Stmr San Jose, McLean, Panama; Pacific
Mall S S Co.
SAILED.
Monday, July 18.
Stmr San Jose. McLean, Panama.
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen. Mendoclno.
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson.
Stmr Newsboy, Ellefsen, with schr Edward
Parke In tow.
Stmr Columbia, Green, Astoria.
Stmr Pomnna, Debney, Astoria.
Schr Volant. Krog-, Nehalem River.
Schr Emma I'tter. Allen, Willapa Harbor.
Schr Edward Parke, Johnson, Vsal, in tow
of stmr Newsboy.
Schr Mary Etta. Nyman.
Schr Ocean Spray. Ostlln, Iversens Landing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOB, July 18—10 p. m.— Weather,
haxy; wind. SW; veloclt" 12 miles.
, CHARTERS.
The Two Brothers loads coal at Departure
Day for thin port. ■"- ', ■ ...-.-.
SPOKEN.
■ Per British Isles-May 20— Lat 83 11 S. long
167 11 W, Or. nhlp Hiddekel, from Newcastle.
NSW, tor Acapuleo. '■"-■■_ ■. .
May 20-Lat 33 11 S. long 167 11 E. Br bark
King David, from Newcastle, for San Fran
cisco
Per fit Paul— Juno 18— East end of St Liw
rence Island by U itmr Bear, bktn Jane A
FalkenburK, hence May 16. for Kotzebue Sound.
Per Bamar(tar»~June I— Lat 19 11 S. long &6
47 >W. Ilr ship Alclnous, rrom Androssan. lor
San France .
Per < - ;tnr<-l».Tt 10— I,at 11 41 S. long 102
06, ship Bhowln* letters T <: J Q. supposed to
be the ship (Vltlo Race, from Newcastle NS'V,
for San FrancUco.
Per Annie Johnson— July 8, lat 40 67 N, lorg
149 41 W, Rubs bark Westbury, from Hong
kong, for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS. •
I ST MlCHAEL— Arrived prior to July 7— Stmr
Samoa, hence June 8 with barge Monarch in
tow.
EUREKA— Arrived July 18— Stmr Ruth. nnc«
July 16.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived July 18— Schr Com
et, from Port Gamble; bktn Tarn o' Shant^"-.
hence July 3.
I3ALLARD— Arrived July 17— Schr A M Bax
ter, from Eureka.
SEATTLE— Arrived July 17— Stmr Protection
from Orca.
EUREKA— Arrived July 18— Stmr North Fork
hence July 16.
SAX PEDRO— Arrived July 18— Stmr Jewel.
TATOOSH— Passed July 17— Br ship Blyths
wood. from Cardiff, for Victoria-
Passed out— Ship Louis Walsh, from Tacoma,
for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived July 18— 8tmr Co
quille River, hence July 16. ..«,„.__
PORT TOWNSEND- Arrived July IS— Schr C
S Holmes, from San Pedro; U S stmr Ben
nlngton. hence July 14.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived July 18— Schr
Marlon, hence July 2. ' _
FORT ROSS— Sailed July 18— Scnr La Chil
ena, for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed July 18— Stmr Sequoia,
COOS BAT— Arrived July IS— Schr Ootama,
hence July 2. _
VENTURA— Arrived July IS— Stmr Georga
Loomis, hence July 17.
POINT REYEP— Passed July 18— Ger bark J
C Glade, from Honolulu, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived July 18— Schr Mary
Gilbert, from Seattle.
ASTORIA— SaiIed July 18— Stmr State of Cali
fornia, for San Francisco.
ORAYS HARBOR— Sailed July 18— Schr Chaa
E Falk, for San Francisco; schr San Buena
1 ventura. for Redondo. July 17— Stmr S'.trnal,
for San Francisco: schr Glen, for San Fran-
Arrived July 18— Schr C H Merchant, hence
Sailed July IS— Stmr Arirona, for
San Francisco.
VENTURA— SaiIed July 18— Stmr Georgw
Loomis. for San Francisco.
EVERETT— Arrived July IS— Schr Marlon,
hence July 2.
EASTERN PORTS.
BALTIMORE— CIeared July 16— Br ship Fhll
omene. for Honolulu.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 17— Ship Henry
B Hyde, from Honolulu.
FOREIGN PORTS.
MELBOURNE— Arrived July 12— Br stmr Pa
ron. from Victoria.
FA LMOUTH— SaiIed July 16— Br ship Cam
brian King:, for Antwerp.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed July 16— Br ship An
gelsey, for Antwerp; Br ship Errel, for Ips
wich: Br bark Chelmsford, for .
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed July 15— Br stmr Ta
coma. for Tacoma; Br ship Sir Robert Fernle,
for Port Townsend.
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Sailed June >— Br ship
Enterpe, for Honolulu.
GUAYMAS— Arrived July 16— Schr Jernle
Stella, from Grays Harbor.
YOKOHAMA— StiIIed July 16— Br etmr Dorlo,
for San Francisco, via Honolulu.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERB.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived July 18— Stmr Kaiser
Wllhelm 11, from New York, and proceeded to
Naples and Genoa.
PIEGERMAULIN— Arrived July IS— Stmr
Augusta Victoria, from Hamburg via ports on
North Cape, excursion.
HAMBURG— SaiIed July 17— Stmr Pennsylva
nia, for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON-Salled July. 17— S:mr Bar
tarrssa. for New York.
BREMEN— Arrived July 18— Stmr Ensign
Louise, from New York, via Southampton.
SU/ISS-AmERICAN bank.
Of Locarno, Switzerland, and
GERMANIA TRUST COMPANY,
E24 Montgomery street, San Francisco.
Paid-up Capital and Reserves. $620,000.
(G. T. Co., $320,000.) (S. A. 8.. $300,000.)
A general banking business transacted. In-
terest paid on savings deposits. Loans on ap-
proved real estate security and on commercial
paper. The GERMANIA TRUST CO. la au-
thorized and empowered by the State of Cali-
fornia to act as executor, administrator, guar-
dian and trustee. Legal depository for trait
funds.
DIRECTORS— Ernst A. Denicke. A. Bbar-
boro, J. IC. Rued. E. Martinoni, .F. C. Slebe,
A. Tognazzlnl, H. Brunner, McD. R. Venable.
[ X. ' G. Wieland. F. Kronenberg. Charles Mar-
tin, 1 C. Gehret. P. Tognazzlnl. 8. Grandl. G.
Rottanzl.
OCEAIf TBAVjSL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Sh^ Steamer* leave Broadway
r*flj>j»^ wharf. San Francisco.
* nsSßssV For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
I ■WCSUsfc July 5. 10, 15, 20. 25. 30, August
il ISk B«£\<£a 4. transfer at Seattle.
I Hk£*«l^kl For Alaskan ports (from
1 fiHsBMtHKI Folsom-street wharf). 10 a. m..
if^^HS^Hl July 17, August 4, 25, transfer
at Portland, Or.
For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
C), Port Townßend, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett.
Anacortes and New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a.
m.. July 5. 10, 15. 20, 25. 30. August 4. and every
fifth day thereafter, connecting at Seattle with
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N.
Ry.. at Tacoma with N. P. Ry., at Vancouver
I with C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m..
l July 17 13, 19, 25, 31, August 6. and every
' sixth day thereafter. -
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Slm/on.
i Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo),
1 Gavlota, Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme.
l San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
i Newport. 9 a. m.. July 4. 8. 12, 16, 20, 24, 28,
August 1. and every fourth day thereafter.
' For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
i ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
! Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11
a m.. July 2. 6. 10. 14. 18, 22, 26, 30, August 3,
and every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Pas, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a, m., July 19,
August 14.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to chang*
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of sailing.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agts.;
. ■ 10 Market st., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
* 9MPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
I 3I 3 OR.T 31, -A. IST ID
From Folsom-atreet Wharf at 10 a. m.
FADE $>2 First Class Including BertS
lAH I. S8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS: •
Columbia : July 2. 10, 18, 26
State of California July 6, 14. 22 30
St. Paul $16 00 1 St. Louis $32 09
Kansas City 26 00 Chicago 27 50
Omaha 26 00, New York 3100
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents. \
Compagnle Generate Transatlantic
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier ' (new), 42 North
River foot of Morton st. Travelers <£ T/L3T fN
by this line avoid both transit by — """"^
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel In a small boat New York to
Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris, first class, $160;
second clr.y». $116. '. / -: , „ .-
LA NAVARRE July 23. 10 a. m.
LA GASCOGNE V July 30. 10 a. m.
LA TOURAINE Aug. 6 10 a. m.
LA BRETAONE Aug. 131 10 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE Aug. 20, 10 a." m.
- For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE, Agent. • - - '■ ■
No. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye.. San Francisco.
PHH>3IEfIBOI T he S. S.MARIPOSA
!aXlfeis'MSa#'' alls vla Honolulu and
I* jjg* F " a "" w Auckland for Sydney
■ >.--J»» p>. Wednesday. August 10,
SuMlllShlD^ * Llne to COOLGAR-
C/ 1 115 - Australia, and
(OOIO3fcth CAPE a TOW South
\v»iiif#viivtjf Africa. V
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. . CO.. Agents. ,
.1 w>V ' . . 114 Montgomery st.
Freight office— 327 Market St., San Francisco.
■ DIRECT TO PARIS. LONDON. HAMBURG.
F. Bismarck .. July 28|F.. Bismarck.. August 25
A. Victoria... August 111 A. Victoria Sept. 8
, TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
NEW YORK. HAMBURG DIRECT.
Pretoria :.:;..'.. .July 9|Phoenicia........July 30
Patrla... -..: July. 16 Pennsylvania... Aug. C
Hamburg-American Line, 37 Broadway, NT
HEKZOO & CO.. General Agents I'aelne Coast.
401 California st., cor. Sansome. San Francisco.
FOB 0. S. RAYY-YARD AND YALLEJD.
• Steamer "Monticello." '
Mon.. Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat ...:.
9:45 a. m.. 8:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays ............1 p. . and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays ........ ...;.... ...io:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and offices— Mission Dock, Pier ».
Telephone Red 2241.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
ENTRENCHED
BEHIND TONS
OF POWDER
Murderer Threatens
to Fire a Magazine.
BESIEGED BY THE SHERIFF
GONG UNG CHUNG DEFIES THE
DEPUTIES AND SOLDIERS.
Barricades the Door With Many
Fifty-Pound Cans of Powder.
Five Thousand Pounds
in the Room.
OAKLAND, July I s :.— Gong- Ung Chung,
a Chinaman working: at the Melrose Fuse
. -, murderously assaulted a fellow
worklngman this afternoon with a hatchet
ami aft< rward Bhot him. He then took
a in the powder magazine, where
pounds of powder and
barricaded the door with powder cans,
thr< atenlng to sot it off if any one at
tempted to enn-r. The neighborhood is
terrorized tonight and afraid to go to
bed : : being blown to atoms be
fore morning.
The trouble arose over a lottery ticket,
for the purchase of which Gong Chung
claims to have given money to Hum Hi
Sing. Ho asserts that the ticket won a
drawing and that Sing refused to give
him the money. Sing, who is a well
known merchant of Alameda, denied that
the ticket won anything.
Sing, who is ."7 years old, was sitting
down leaning forward when Chung at
tackM him with the hatchet. The first
ttrok'- struck him over the right eyw,
ral bone, tearing the
;o and severing the entire ear
from the head. The next stroke fell short
of the lii ad, rutting a big hole in the right
ing then ran into the shanty
a revolver, shot at Sing,
striking him in the bowels. The seconu
shot ni:ss.V:. The bullet struck a pair of
gold spectacles which he had in his pock
et, carrying the r.nse piece into his body.
This was removed l>y the physicians at I
•lospital.
The injured man was hastily treated by I
Lieutenant Yost of the Eighth California
United States Infantry, who are in camp
where the affair happened. He wan
then sent to the Receiving Hospital.
where Drs. Milton, Porter, Buteau, Mullet
arid Musser performed a very delicate
The intestine -was perforateu
by the ball and nose piece of the
s. About two feet of it was en
tirely removed and the ends then united.
The man's head was also carefully
ad his ear sewed on and the
cilier wounds closed. He stood the ope
ration well, and is resting easily at a late
hour, although the doctors have little
of his recovery
puty Sheriffs A. W. White, B. C.
Cameron, J. J. Manning, Ed White and
Constable Gus Koch went out to capture
the hatchet wlelder. They found him well
protected in the powder magazine, which
they feared to fire upon for fear of an ex
plosion.
Captain Baldwin marched his entire
rom]';.:iy over to the scene and offered the
Sheriff ;:ny help he desired, but his offer
;vas dnclli • •■ was nothing to do
.•in await the Chinaman's pleasure.
' ;un Partridge Of San Jose, Captain
Barnt-s of Petaluma and Captain Ellis of
■1 made similar offers later.
The neighborhood is badly frightened,
and many refused to Btay in their homes
to-nipht.
The Chinaman has his revolver, hatchet
and matches in his retreat, and with 5000
pounds of black powder makes an enemy
that would awe any body of men. He de
clares to Chinese interpreters who hay«
been sent to talk witn him that he would
set off the whole house of powder If a
DEPOSITS WILL
BE ASSESSED
Interest Bearing Funds
in Commercial Banks.
EQUALIZERS TAKE ACTION
REDUCTION DENIED CHINA
TOWN LANDLORDS.
Victim of the Gas Company Appeals
to the Supervisors for Pro
tection Against Ex
tortion.
The last meeting of the Supervisors as a
Board of Equalization was held yesterday
morning. The subject of assessing com
mercial banks on such deposits as draw
interest came up, and after a lengthy dis
cussion the board raised the assessment
on the Bank of British North America by
adding to the assessment imposed by the
Assessor interest-bearing deposits to the
amount of $731,991, which sum is bearing
interest at 3 per cent. Britt and Morton
voted against the action of the board. It
is probable that the bank will take the
matter Into the courts.
Sixty-nine owners of property In China
town asked for a reduction of their as
f-ssment to the extent of 50 per cent.
They represented through their attorney,
Mr. Ruef, that values had shrunk in that
district during the past few years from 25
to 75 per cent, while the assessments had
remained the same. The request for a re
duction was denied, and the Board of
Kquallzation adjourned without day.
board met at 3 in the afternoon as
a Hoard of Supervisors and transacted
a routlno business. A bid for lighting the
city with Kas and electricity according to
pecincatlona on file was received
from tin- Slui Francisco Gas and Electric
pany at 11 cents for gas and 50 cents
for electric lights. As this was the only
bid, the, board decided that it was the low
utd passed to print a resolution
awarding the contract.
By request of Lackmann his nlekel-in
the-slot order went over until next Sep
tember. It had been amend.-d in the judi
ciary committee so as to prohibit the use
of Blot machines that pay prizes in money.
When the bid of Scott & Magner came
before the board for supplying forage to
public institutions at $19 50 per ton, Super
visor Smith said that he had investigated
the matter and had discovered since the
tost meeting that the bid was the lowest
that the board could get. He had not suc
c.-edea in finding any one to offer hay for
less.
At the preceding meeting of a week ago
Mr. Smith announced in ope.n board that
2% cou .to buy all the hay he wanted for
$17 or $18 per ton, and that the city would
save money by buying hay in the open
market. Mr. Smith did not attempt to
explain the discrepancy between his state
ment of a week ago and his statement, of
yesterday. The resolution awarding the
contraot was passed to print. D. Keefe
•white man comes near. He declares that
he will remain two days.
There are two tiers of 50-pound cans of
Fiowder in fhe door which the officers
ear. They declare that were It not p>»
the surrounding residences they would ex
{ plode the magazine.
At midnight Deputy Sheriffs Ed White,
i r. M. White and J. C. Woodsum were dis
: patched to assist in guarding the magx-
I zinc and keeping the Chinaman from
| making his escape.
| J. H. Pitman, secretary of the powder
! works, approached the magazine to reason
! with the Chinaman, he having been a
trusted employe for many years and being
on very friendly terms with Pitman. The
desperate murderer drew a bead on Pit
man with his revolver and would not al
: low him to approach nearer than twenty
i yards.
Pitman offered to engage a lawyer, and
] to take him in his buggy to the jail, where
he would be protected, but the besieged
I coolie declined to come out. He said he
■ would think about it. and would probably
accept the offer in the morning if he did
I not succeed in making his escape before
I that time. When, in reply to a question,
! ho said that he had no money. Pitman
■ sent him $10, which the wily Moneolian
■ would not receive from the giver's hand
and which was thrown into the door to
. him.
By advice of Secretary Pitman, the
i Sheriff's guards withdrew in order to al
low the desperate Chinaman an opportu
nity of escaping from the magazine.
The injured man died at 12:35 tills morn
ing.
THE HARRISON STREET
VIADUCT A MODEL
STEEL RAILROAD BRIDOE IS
ALMOST COMPLETED.
Alice Street Drawbridge Matter Still
Undecided — Chairman Roeth.
Asks for More Time.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, July 18.
The new steel drawbridge at the foot of
Harrison street that has been built by the
Southern Pacific Company is almost com
pleted. The work has been done very
rapidly and in a few weeks the entire rail
road travel across the estuary will be
transferred to Harrison street.
Work will begin in a few days on the
i changing of the narrow gauge track to
' broad gauge on Webster street. The nec
essary tilling In on both sides the estuary
for the new approaches to tne bridge has
all been done and some of the track is al
ready in place. Track laying on the
bridge will be done next week. In two
months" time the railroad company states
that the entire change will be completed
and Webster street and Alice street will
be deserted by the local trains. If by that
time the county and the cities of Oak
land and Alameda have not decided what
to do' in regard to Alice-street bridge the
railroad company will be forced to re
move it In accordance with their instruc
tions from the War Department.
The vacant 6pace between the tracks at
Second and Webster streets, in accord
ance with the terms of the ordinance
granting the railroad company that sec
tion of franchise, must be converted into
a public park and be kept free of all ob
structions so that passengers and teams
approaching the curve cannot possibly be
overtaken by trains which they could not
see till a collision was unavoidable. This
three-cornered park will be a great im
provement to that section of the city.
The orders for bridges to be rebuilt
were received by the county and the rail
road company at the same time, and al
though the company has its large bridge i
almost ready for use, the county has not I
yet moved in the matter. Inquiry to-day
showed that the correspondence on the
i matter on behalf of the county is now at \
i Washington and that no answer is ex- \
i pected from the War Department for sev- i
I eral weeks. The new railroad bridge Is I
i a vast improvement over the former
bridges, and the removal of steam trains j
! from the bridge occupied by teams Is \
i something that has been desired for <
years.
The Alice-street bridge matter was
brought up at the Supervisors' meeting
this morning and Mr. Roeth, who has the
matter In hand, reported progress, but
asked for more time.
J. F. Kelly Goes Free.
OAKLAND, July 18.— Judge Allen dis
missed the action against James F. Kel- j
ly, who was charged with attempting to I
kill Captain Anderson on a local train
three weeks ago. The defense showed
that the man was under the influence of
liquor when the trouble occurred, that he ;
was a friend of Anderson and that he had
always borne a good reputation. The com
plaining witness did not press the charge
and It was allowed to drop, much to Kel
ly's satisfaction.
and Peters & Cowie's awards for oats,
etc., were also passed to print.
On motion of Delany the ordinance tak
ing away the licenses from several boxing
clubs was laid over for a week. Mr. De
lany desired that much time in which to
grapple with the intricate problem and
"heft" it, so to speak.
A victim of the gas company filed the
following compalint:
The undersigned pleadg and begs relief from
the payment of a deposit as required from the
San Francisco Gas Company before they will
place gas service connection with his place of
residence at No. 3H Meacham place. He fur
ther begs Indulgence for occupying your valua
ble attention to this humble complaint, but
believes it an unjust and unlawful demand,
and has been advised by appeal to you that
relief may be obtained. Respectfully submit
ted. ANTONIO ORTEGA.
The plaint of Mr. Ortega was referred
to the committee on procrastination, and
the board adjourned until next Monday
at 2 p. m.
MYSTIC SHRINERS' BANQUET:
Boys in Blue Conducted Through the
Labyrinths of Islam's Temple.
Fifteen candidates were conducted
through the labyrinths of Islam's Temple
at the headquarters of the Mystic Shrln
ers at Golden Gate Hall on last Sunday
night. The principal attraction of the oc
casion was the presence of quite a num
ber of Uncle Sam's boys in blue. The fa
vored soldier boys were all commlsssloned
officers, belonging to the volunteer corps
now in Camp Merritt and at the Pre
sidio.
The ceremonies were interesting and
attracted a large membership. Past Im
perial Potentate C. L. Field, assisted by
Nobles Baldwin, Titus, Day and Gray,
conducted the exercises.
The following candidates were taken in
to the temple: Colonel J. C. Loper, Fifty
first lowa Infantry; Major F. C. Pres
cott, Seventh California Infantry; Adju
tant James K. Polk, First Tennessee;
Lieutenant Colonel W. Miller, Fifty-first
lowa Infantry; Dr. Gassoway, H. Van
Bergen, J. Lee Jr., C. C. Stallman, C.
Toohey, J. H. Bennett, George Walters,
U. R. Brewer, W. G. Badger, San Fran
cisco; Hamilton Wallace, Yreka, Cal. ;
George H. Clark, Sacramento.
A banquet followed tne ceremonial.
Past Imperial Potentate C. L. Field acted
as toastmaster. He delivered a happy
address and was followed by Colonel
Charles H. Murphy, who spoke to the
toast, "Our Country." Tne other toasts
were: Major J. C. Prescott, Seventh Cali
fornia Volunteers, "California"; Colonel
William C. Smith, First Tennessee Vol
unteers, "The Blue and the Gray": Sena
tor Grant, sergeant quartermaster, First
New York Infantry, New York"; Major
J. G. McGulre. First Tennessee Volun
teers "Yankee Doodle and Dixie"; Lieu
tenant Colonel Loper, Fifty-first lowa
Volunteers, "Iowa"; Major Choate, Sev
enth California Regiment. "Health De
partment of the Army"; Captain Burton,
Fifty-first lowa, "State of Iowa"; Cap
tain Hardln, Eighteenth Infantry, United
States, "The Regular Army"; Colonel Lo
ner, Fifty-first lowa Volunteers, "Kaaba
Temple": Dr. Robinson, "Islam Temple."
Noble Walter N. Brunt read an original
poem, entitled, "Don't Tell Our Wives."
Another Bid on the Canal.
United States Commissioner Heacock
again offered the Woodbridge canal prop
erty for eale yesterday morning. E. C.
Chapman bid $23,000, from which $12.105 72
was to b« deducted for claims against
the property during his term as receiver,
and $9039 43 for counsel fees. In
case the bid is accepted he Is willing to
take the property, subject to the lien of
the balance of all claims for costs and
expenses Incurred by him as receiver.
Franklin Davis renewed his bid of $11 -
000. The sale will come up on Monday for
THE SA^ FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 19, 1898.
EQUALIZING
HAS CLOSED
Most Peaceable Session
Held in Years.
FEW REDUCTIONS GRANTED
FRANCHISES COME UP FOR THE
USUAL DISCUSSION.
The Assessor Permitted to Rectify
Some Clerical Errors in tho
Rolls — Adjourn for a
Year.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, July IS.
The Board of Equalization adjourned
sine die this evening, after the least in
teresting and most peaceable session held
for some years. Usually some extension
of time has been necessary from the
State Board, but this year there was so
little business that not one-quarter of the
time has been necessary.
The old subject of the value of fran
chises enjoyed by street railroads occu
pied the attention of the county board
to-day. E. Black Ryan, tax agent for the
Southern Pacific, asked for several reduc
tions. The Telegraph-avenue line is as
sessed at $34,500, and a reduction to $10,
450 was asked. The San Pablo line is as
sessed at $70,750, and a reduction to $11,750
was asked. The company values the elec
tric line on Telegraph avenue, at Hum
boldt avenue, in the annexed district, at
$10,200. The Assessor's figures were $36,
800. The total assessment is $214,200, and
the company asktd that it be cut to $56,
300. The Berkeley lines were assessed for
$23,750, and a reduction was asked to $0350,
and for the franchise from $0000 to $1000.
Some reductions were granted on the
rolling stock of the road, and a discussion
followed regarding the value of the fran
chises. Finally the franchises of the Oak
land Railroad Company were reduced to
$50,000.
The thirty-eight acres of water-front
property in West Oakland were assessed
by the Assessor for $221,800; the com
pany's valuation was $171,000. Mr. Mitchell
stated that he had taken expert testi
mony on the matter and was convinced
that the property was not worth more
than half of its assessed valuation, and
the application was granted.
The matter of placing on the rolls cer
tain assessments that had not been en
tered came up for discussion, and the As
sessor was authorized to put it on the
roll.
Saved by a Pet Dog.
OAKLAND. July 18.— By the barking of
a pet dog Mrs. D. C. Tak-ott and her two
children were saved from being burned
in their beds at an early hour this morn
ing. The family reside at 909 East Fif
teenth street, and they left a lamp burn
ing when they retired at 9 o'clock last
evening. Shortly after 2 this morning it
exploded and set fire to the room. The
dog set up a howl at once that aroused
the family. Mrs. Talcott had consider
able difficulty In securing her children
and getting them out of the burning
building- The Interior of the hou-c was
damaged to the extent of $300 before the
department extinguished the fire.
Rev. H. D. Bracefield Resigns.
OAKLAND, July IS.— Rev. H. D. Brase
fleld, pastor of the Union-street Presby
terian Church, tendered his resignation
to his congregation yesterday. He
claimed to have had thlß action in con
templation for some time and did so at
this time in order that he might accept
the position of field secretary of the An
ti-Saloon League. He will devote his en
tire time and energy to assisting Dr. E.
S. Chapman in his campaign in this State
against an open saloon.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND, July 18.— "Dr." Howland
DECISIONS ON
BANKRUPT LAW
Federal Statute Ruled to
Be Paramount.
SUPERSEDES THE STATE LAW
BESTJI/T Or MANY YEARS' LEG
ISLATIVE EFFORT.
Debtors and Creditors Alike Expected
to Reap Much Benefit and to Be
Satisfied With the
Change,
Judge Belcher has ruled, In an ex
parte presentment, that the Federal
bankruptcy law has succeeded and is now
operative Instead of the State law. The
Federal law went into effect on July 1,
and is now operative in all cases, except,
as provided in the statute, that such pro
ceedings as were commenced before July
1 shall be finally adjudicated in the State
courts.
The following communication on this
subject will be found of interest:
To the Editor of The Call— Sir: On the Ist
day of July, 1898, "An act to establleh a uni
form system of bankruptcy throughout the
United States" was parsed by Congress "to go
into full force and effect upon its passage."
As it has been some years since a national
bankrupt law existed, and after August 1
this law will be the only law in force on the
subject, I deem It certain that the community
would be interested In learning some of the
provisions of this new law, and therefore send
you this communication.
The first bankrupt law in the United States
was passed April 4, ISOO, but was expressly
limited to five years' duration. It was
repealed on December 19, 1803, bo did not exist
as long as its original limit would permit.
The second was passed In 1841, but was re
pealed in 1843. It liquidated debts at the rate
of about $10,000,000 per year while in existence.
The next national law relating to bankruptcy
was approved March 2, 1867, and was re
pealed in 1878. To these various acta of Con
gresa there were objections found when they
were enforced. The objection to the act of 1867
was mainly to the enormous cost arising under
it in the distribution of bankrupt estates.
In tha present act Congress has attempted
to avoid the faults of the former act, and has
apparently succeeded In doing so.
Bankrupt and Insolvent laws depend wholly
upon statutory law. Without them unfortunate
debtors could not be relieved from their debts
and would forever be excluded from entering
Into business, however capable of transacting
it. The constitution of the United States gives
to Congress the right to enact a uniform sys
tem of bankruptcy, and when that power la
exercised the State laws on that subject are
suspended. There are several advantages to
creditors as well as debtors under the national
law. Under the national law the debtor is
discharged from hl6 debts without reference to
the place where they were contracted, while
under a State law he is only discharged frum
debts contracted In the State where he con
tracted them.
Under the State law one may be discharged
and still be unable to engage In business in
consequence of owing foreign creditors from
which the State law cannot discharge him.
i Congress has been engaged for several years
forfeited his bail last week by failing to
appear for his second trial after a dis
agreement in the first. His attorneys
claimed that they misunderstood the
date, but no effort has yet been made to
vacate the order forfeiting the bail.
Chief of Police Fletcher has decided to
have the patrol wagons covered as the
San Francisco wagons are. The Council
last week asked why they were not cov
ered as directed. The Chief was not sat
isfied with the covering and will have new
ones made.
Young People Fail to Agree.
OAKLAND, July 18.— Mrs. Nancy B.
Simon filed a suit for divorce from her
husband, E. J. Simon, to-day. The couple
were married three years ago In Ala
meda. The event was a society affair, as
the bride. Miss Nancy Culver, was well
known, popular and wealthy. The groom
was a medical student, only 20 years of
age. The bride was 18. Mr. Simon has
been East studying, and recently came
home for his vacation. It is understood
that they agreed to disagree, and no con
test will be made. There>are no children
or property rights to quarrel over.
Honored by His Late Associates.
OAKLAND, July 18.— The funeral of
Daniel Titus, the pioneer attorney, who
died last week, took place this morning
from the late residence, 956 Myrtle street.
Many of his old friends and associates
of the San Francisco bar were in attend
ance. They brought many floral tributes
to his bier. Rev. J. K. McLean, D. D.,
and Rev. C. R. Brown of the First Con
gregational Church officiated. Mrs. A. M.
Benham, Mrs. Lena Carroll Nicholson
and Messrs. P. Griswold and H. K. Snow
furnished appropriate music. The re
mains were taken to the Odd Fellows'
Cemetery, San Francisco, for cremation.
The Will Still Missing.
OAKLAND, July 18.— Mrs. Bridget Mul
doon appeared before Judge Greene to
day without the missing will of the late
Mary Sweeney. When she took the stand
the court said:
"Madam, 1 suggested to you a week ago
the propriety of bringing that will here
to-day. Have you got it?"
"No, sir; I haven't," was the reply. "1
have not seen it since the day after my
sister died, when Mrs. Johnson put it in
a box. I never laid a hand on it. Mrs.
Johnson is the only one who had it."
"Well." said the court, "but Mrs. John
son says different, doesn't she?"
"I don't know what she says," was the
reply. "I say the truth."
"Well, madam," said Judge Greene,
sternly, "I am frank to tell you that I
think Mrs. Johnson tells the truth and
that you have that will in your possession
or have it concealed."
Mrs. Sweeney was given another chance
to produce the will.
Miss McLean Changes Colleges.
13iliKl-S.li;L.ti.l , JUiy IV— miss iviiiry xvx.
McLean, who for the last year has been
an assistant in the English department
of Stanford University, has resigned to
accept a position in the English faculty
at Pomona College. Aside from instruc
tion the position carries with it the duty
of acting as dean for the women's depart
ment of the college. Miss McLean is a
daughter of Dr. McLean of Oakland. She
graduated from the University of Califor
nia with the class of '95.
Two Distinguished Visitors.
BERKELEY, July 18.— Dr. A. Oppel of
Bremen, Germany, and J. C. Van Eaton
Jr. of Holland, two distinguished agri
cultural scientists from Europe, were vis
itors to-day at the University of Califor
nia. They were shown over the building
of the college of agriculture, will
leave shortly to inspect the university
experiment stations in Southern Califor
nia.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, July 18.— Miss Grace Hen
ley of the class of '98 of the University of
California has been elected to a position
as teacher in the High School at Red
Bluff.
Professor Walter Maeee. head of the
department of physical . culture in tho
University of California, returned yester
day from a vacation trip to the Yosemlte
Valley. Professor Magee will superintend
a series of changes To be made in the
fymnasium, preparatory to the work to
c done through the next college year.
Three large sacks of books and maga
zines were sent over to San rFancisco to
day from the headquarters of the Berke
ley branch of the Red Cross Society. The
work of making bandages has been sus
pended until sufficient funds enable the
society to purchase more material.
The trustees of the High School at Han
ford have elected Miss Edith Stevenson
of the class of '95, University of Califor
nia, as teacher of English, French and
botany.
Alameda News Items.
ALAMEDA, July IS.— The Alice-street
bridge matter has been postponed one
week in order to give the cities of Oak
land and Alameda an opportunity to state
definitely what they propose to do in the
way of preparing approaches for It.
In framing- a national bankrupt law. At last,
all differences were adjusted and the present
law showed great care in Its provisions. This
law takes out of the hands of creditors the
ordinary remedial premises for collecting
debts and substitutes a comprehensive remedy
df-si^ned for the common benefit of all. Un
der this late law "Any person who owes debts,
except a corporation, shall be entitled to the
benefits of this act aa a voluntary bankrupt."
The exemptions to which the creditor is en
titled under this law are the same as under
the several State exemption laws existing at
the time of tiling the petition. So it will be
seen that it Is left for the States to regulate,
each for itself, the amount and kinds of prop
erty to which the creditor can claim exemp
tion.
The great difference between this act of July
1 and that of 1567 is that In this late law the
costs are limited, while In that of the former
law the costs were to be charged by the offi
cers of court in the ordinary way of charging
the costs— item by item.
The present law Is particularly favorable to
the discharge of honest debtors.
It permits a petition for a discharge to be
filed after the expiration of one month and
within the next twelve months subsequent to
being adjudged a bankrupt.
It provides for a composition with creditors
on the consent of a majority In value of the
creditors and if such composition Is confirmed
the debtor Is thereby discharged from his
debts.
There are involuntary provisions also In the
act. but the limit of this article will not per
mit an explanation of them here.
Like all bankrupt and Insolvent laws the
present act is merely the framework to be
clothed by the numerous equitable principles
Involved, where property is to he distributed
to a large number of individuals, under one
execution. Instead of many. The practice un
der the law of necessity Is somewhat pecu
liar and unlike general practice. In my opin
ion the law will give satisfaction to both the
debtors and the creditors.
R. THOMPSON.
The following 1b an opinion from Oak
land on the same subject:
OAKLAND, July 18.— According to a ruling
of Judge Sam P. Hall to-day the State Insol
vency law is operative until August 1, when
the United States bankruptcy act goes into
effect. In the Federal act passed July 1 and
which goes into efTect the first of next month,
It 13 provided that no petition shall be filed
thereunder In tho interim. In his decision
Judge Hall held that insolvents could not be
deprived of the benefit of the remedy of the
State law until the Federal act was In force.
The case was that of W. A. Mackay. a grocer
of Eighth and Market streets, who owes
$2064 33 and has assets amounting to $1210 10.
ZAKREWESKEI'S CLAIM.
Suit for the Reward in the Weber
Case Submitted.
The suit for the reward offered by Gov
ernor Markham for the apprehension of
the murderer of F. H. L. Weber and his
wife, in which Chief Lees has struggled
so hard in an endeavor to prevent the
plory he purloined from being stripped
from him, haa been submitted.
The proceedings yesterday consisted of
the examination of George Levin, a wit
ness in the trial of Kovalev, murderer of
the Webers. Levin was a witness for the
State in the present action, but his evi
dence was immaterial. He succeeded in
tangling himself- up and counsel were
about to take steps to Impeach him when
the court stated that it was not worth
while, as the evidence given by Levin
was of no particular value.
The testimony given by Zakreweskei.the
claimant for the reward, during the trial
of Kovalev was then read in evidence and
the case was submitted. A decision ia
expected in a few days.
Ended the Struggle.
Frank R. Lyon, sick, out of work and
despondent, turned on the gas In his
room Sunday night and ended the strug
gle for bread. He was 40 years of age
and leaves a widow and two children, who
are now living in Oregon, and a brother,
who runs the Weekly Motor at Mllo,
lowa. The deceased formerly kept a ci
gar store on Eighth street, but business
was poor and he sold out. He was un
able to procure employment, and the
strain and despondency soon told on his
system. He was rooming at the lodging
bouse 22% Seventh street.
COAL OIL IN
THE LATHING
Peculiar Case of Arson
Being Probed.
THE GLUD HOME IN DANGER
ANGRY WOMEN DROP HINTS
REGARDING THE MYSTERY.
Detectives and Fire Warden Find
Many Suspicious Circum
stances, but Are Still
in Doubt.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, July 18.
Paul Glud, who resides at Second and
Oak streets, has asked the police to try
to ascertain who is anxious to burn down
his house. Last Saturday night, during
the temporary absence of himself and
wife, some one made the attempt to de
stroy their home.
An investigation made by Detectives
Holland and "Quigley and Fire Warden
Lawton showed that the plastering in a
closet had been knocked off and coal oil
poured down on the laths. Some small
sticks soaked in oil were stuck in be
tween the laths and are smoke-stained,
as though an attempt had been made to
set them on tire. Another hole had been
knocked In tho wall behind a washstand
and more oil poured down upon the laths.
After laying these plans to fire the house
the incendiary swept up the plastering off
the floor and carried it out of the house,
and this peculiar action Is very mystify
ing to the officials, who cannot understand
why an incendiary should show such care.
"We were away from the house for an
hour and a half on Saturday evening,"
paid Mrs. Glud this afternoon, "and on
our return I detected the odor of coal oil.
I traced the origin of the smell and found
the holes in the plaster where the coal oil
had been poured. In one opening a par
tially burned paper bag was stuck."
The police cannot find any evidence that
a forcible entry was made into the house,
and declare that some one very well ac
quainted with the premises must have
planned the scheme. The Gluds only re
cently moved to the house from another
house they own on Franklin street. Their
present home is Insured for $800, but is
worth considerably more. Mrs. Glud de
clared that her previous tenant, Mrs.
Baumgarten, had twelve keys to the
house, and that she only returned nine,
and that probably the incendiary got one
of the missing keys. Mrs. Glud even hint
ed that Mrs. Baumgarten could tell who
had been in the house last Saturday night.
Mrs. Baumgarten emphatically denied
knowing anything of the scheme, and she
returns the hint of Mrs. Glud with inter
est. She declares she gave up all the
keys, and further stated that If Mrs. Glud
persisted in making insinuations there
would soon be some work for the court.
SENSATIONAL ARREST
OF A RICH YOUNG MAN
ACCUSED OF BURGLARY BY MRS.
MOORE OF BERKELEY.
Prisoner Asserts His Innocence and
Declares That the Charge Is the
Outcome of a Conspiracy.
OAKLAND, July 18.— Hugo Lindeman, a
wealthy young man of Berkeley, was ar
rested to-night on a charge of burglary.
The circumstances surrounding the arrest
are very peculiar, and Llndeman declares
he will spend $10,000, if necessary, to get
at the bottom facts in the case. He Is
well able to do it.
According to the story told by Llnde
man and Charles Koch, brother of the
HERE ALL MAT
FREELY ROMP
First Public Playground
to Open Friday.
CALIFORNIA CLUB'S PROJECT
AN ATTEMPT TO KEEP CHIL
DREN OFT THE STREETS.
School Board Furnishes the Lana
and Professor Miehling Will
Drill— Other "Play Lots"
to Be Secured.
The educational department of the Cal
ifornia Club— an organization that has
among Its membership some four hun
dred of the most public-spirited ladies of
this city— has taken the Initiative in ar
ranging for public playgrounds for the
children that now roam the streets.
Public playgrounds are a feature In
Boston, New York, Chicago, Denver and
at least seven other large Eastern cities;
also in London, and in each they have
proved a success.
Mrs. Lovell White, president of the Cal
ifornia Club, and Miss Julia George, cor
responding secretary, are both very en
thusiastic workers along this line of bet
tering the condition of juvenile humanity.
School Director Sam Waller has also been
particularly Interested in the scheme of
public playgrounds and through his kind
ly Influences the Board of Education has
granted the use of the old Girls' High
School lot, on Bueh street, between Hyae
and Larkin, for the purpose. The lot Is
properly fenced In and this morning a
sign will be put up designating it as
ajgublic playground.
"This will Tse the first of its kind in
this city," said Miss George last evening,
! "but It Is our purpose to secure such
grounds in various parts of the city until
every section is cared for. Then, when
j the scheme, which is deserving of public
support, has proved all that we claim, we
expect the School Board to see to its fur
therance. In London such playgrounds
are about a mile apart, and have been a
success for seven years."
Professor George S. Miehling, instruct
or at the Olympic Club and also in physi
cal culture in the School Department, is
also very enthusiastic in the matter and
has kindly volunteered his services. He
proposes to form companies of young
sters and will drill them in military tac
tics, calisthenics and field sports. He has
always devoted a great deal of his time
to charity and has consented to be pres
ent at the grounds Monday and Friday
mornings during the vacations and there
after In the afternoons after school
hours.
The grounds will be opened next Fri
day morning at 10 o'clock, and will re
main open thereafter. In the course of
time the promotors of this public enter
prise hope to have symnaßtio and other
i apparatus on the grounds.
constable of Oakland Township, there is
not the slightest foundation for the
charge. Two nights ago Lindeman and
Koch were on Telegraph avenue, near the
former's home. They heard loud yelling
and crls of murder in a house near Forty
seventh street, and they at once ran to
the rescue of anybody that might need
their services. They entered the house
and found children running around in
their night dresses, and a few minutes
later the parents appeared in dishabille
and the household was in a state of great
excitement. The inmates shouted, "He's
gone, he's gone; it's all right!" and Linde
man and Koch departed without being
able to get any other explanation.
They laughed over tne Incident and
thought no more of it. To-day Mrs.
Moore went before the District Attorney
and swore to a warrant charging LJnde
man with burglary, alleging that he
~roke into her premises with felonious in
tentions during the night.
Officer Con Keefe arrested Lindeman to
night and he was brought to the City
Prison. He quickly found bondsmen, in
cluding Supervisors Church, and was re
leased. He says there Is a plot in his
arrest and he is determined to find out
who is responsible for his humilitation.
Hugo Lindeman is the owner of several
large blocks in Berkeley, and the family
is one of the best known In that end of
the county. The police do not believe
there is any legal foundation for the
charge and Lindeman says he never saw
or heard of Mrs. Moore before in his life.
A SOLUTION PKOPOSED.
Trustee Frame Thinks That Berkeley-
Should Lease the Alameda
Water Company's System.
BERKELEY, July 18.— A. R. Frame, a
member of the Berkeley Board of Trus
tees, has a plan of his own, which he
thinks would bring about a solution of tne
water problem. He is fully confident that
the town will, before very long, own a
Bystem of its own, but he realizes the im
minence of the present danger which
threatens the town with a water famine,
and proposes the following course of ac
tion:
"There is," he says, "one way of over
coming the perplexing dilriculty which at
present confronts the town.
"Inasmuch as the Alameda Water Com
pany can not or will not expend the
money necessary for furnishing an ade
quate supply of water, let the town enter
into negotiations for the lease of the said
company's system, and in ca.se of success
arrange with the Oakland company for a
connection with its pipes for whatever
water would be necessary, until such time
as the town could develop its own supply.
Of course, I assume that the Alameda
company would be willing to treat with
the town regarding the disposition of its
property. We should lease with the op
tion of purchasing whenever the town
should vote bonds for the purpose, the
purchase price to be determined between
the water company and commissioners
appointed by the municipality.
"It seems to me If the matter be taken
up at once, and all parties be agreeable,
that the arrangement should be consum
mated within thirty days— the talk of wa
ter shortage in Berkeley would then cease.
The advantage of having the water sys
tem in our own control must be patent to
any one.
"I have not time to discuss the matter
in detail, but hope the suggestion may call
forth the opinions of those parties more
able to deal with the exigencies of the sit
uation. There is no water famine in Ber
keley, and it is most likely that there will
be none, but more water must be provided
to accommodate the rapid growth of the
P by Bishop Nichols.
BERKELEY, July 18.— Bishop Nichols,
assisted by the Rev. W. S. Randolph and
the Rev. Richard Spencer administered
the rite of confirmation yesterday after
noon in St. Matthew's Mission at Lorln.
The candidates were: Miss H. C. Magee,
P J. Elliott, Mrs. K. Elliott, J. A. San
berg, Maude L. Barrett, Miss W. C. San
berg, Bessie Magan and Lillie "Wilson.
Lost Both Arms.
ALAMEDA, July 18.— News has reached
here that Ed Chase, who was formerly
connected with Fred Mandler's bakery
and cafe on Park street, their amputa
tion beinj? necessitated by reason of thefr
being frozen while prospecting In the gold
fields of the north. Chase met with varied
reverses before. An one time he was In
business In San Francisco and failed.
Shortly afterward he came into posses
sion of some $200,000 through the races
and by other means; but he soon lost all,
and when he left for the Klondike about
five months ago he had but $150 to carry
hinj through.
A Metcalf Meeting.
ALAMEDA, July 18.— A mass meeting
for the purpose of indorsing the candi
dacy of Victor E. Metcalf for Congress to
succeed S. G. Hllborn was held this even
ing at LJnderman Hall. Many of the
most prominent Republicans and party
workers of the city were present and
strong speeches were made.
The Climate of Cuba.
Because of frequent rains In Cuba, malarial
fevers are a common aliment there, Just as
they are in many sections of the United
States. Ailments of this kind, no matter In
what part of the globe they occur, are quickly
cured with Hostetter's Stomach Bitters. Be
sides being a specific for malarial troubles,
these Bitters also make pure blood, strong
nerves and muscles, and firm, healthy flesh.
They have no equal for dyspepsia and con
stipation.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KKARX V ST.' Established
In 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases* Lost Man hood. Debility or
I disease wearing: on mind and
Skin Diseases. Thedoctorcureswheti
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
|(iire»eoarant<-r<l. Callorwrlte,
Dr. J . Jt'. UIBBON, Box 1957, San .Francisco.
EAILKOAD TBAVEL.
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO,
Every Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Cars
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars
Run on the Following Time i
Leave San Francisco. 4:3o p. m., aM.T.W.T.F.S.
Arrive Denver 5:00 p. m., W.T.F.S.S.M.T.
Arrive Kansas City~7:oo a. m., T.F.S.S.M.T. W.
Arrive St. Louis . 6:15 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive Chicago .....9:00 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Serve Superior Meals at Very Reason-
: able Rates. ' ' .
YOU WILL BE COMFORTABLE
If You Travel on the Santa Fe.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE — S2B MARKET ST.
TELEPHONE MAIN 1531. '•
Oakland Offioe— lllB Broadway.
; Sacramento Offioe— 2ol J Street.
: San Jose Office— 7 We3t Santa Clara St.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sausallto Ferry. . . i
From San-Francisco, commencing May 1. 183*
WEEK i DAYS. • ■ ;-.■
For Mill ; Valley and San Rafael— :oo, »8.-00,
•9:30. 11:00 a. m.; *1:45, .3:20, 4:00, 6:15, *6:00,
6:80 p. m. - - . . -
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays,
Wednesdays, Saturdays and Sundays at 11 :M
p. m- '■ - - ■'--'■' '■■"- -'■ ■".:■ ■■'■' .'.--.•. i --
r . SUNDAYS.: i „
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »9:0»
•10:00, 11:00, 11:30 a. m.; 1:00, *1:45, : *i:OOL
D:3O, 6:45 p. m. .
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael. -
B:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Valley. '■ v
Trains marked run to San Quentln. '
. THROUGH TRAINS. . ' > . ,
'■ 7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:10 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero . and way eta'ns.
, 6:15 p. m. week : days (Sat. ex.)— Tomales - and
•-■••" way stations. '■' * .-■.■■■"•■; J " ■■y.t ■ r "-> ■■ >■:;--;
1:00 a. m. — Cazadero and way stations.
1:46 p. m." Sundays— Point Reyes and way sta'ns.
MODiIT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via : Sausalitu Ferry.)
Leave San ' Fraucisco, ■ commencing May 1.
-Week Days— a, m., 1:45 and 5:15 p. m.
Sundays— B :oS 9:00, 10:00, 11:30 a. m.. 1:46 and
1:80 p.m.- . : . , t -.-•■■: si ■-.."■-',: ■--
Bound trip from Mill Vallty, ".T- 'K ■■'•■
THOS. COOK.: & SON, Agents, 821 Harks*
street. San Francisco. -• ' -<• ' - ■
AUCTION SALES.
AUCTION SALE!
THIS DAT.
TUESDAY........ JULY 19,1898,
£^ At 11 a. m. • ■ j^»
By Order of THOS. BROWN, Esq.,
At Salesyard, Cor. Market St. & Van Ness Ay., S.F.
80— HEAD— 30
Of well-bred ROAD and CARRIAGE HORSE 3
SIRED BT
DEXTER PRINCE, JAMES MADISON,
CUPID, NEPHWOOD
And other STANDARD SIRES, and out of
STANDARD and other well-bred mares.
Catalogue now ready. Horses at yard
July 15.
C 7" Sale Positive and Without Reserve.
E3LLIP & CO., Live Stock Auctioneers,
' 11 Montgomery St., S. F., Cal.
WITHOUT RESERVE.
BOOK.SI BOOKS! BOOK.SI
THIS EVENING, AT 8 O'CLOCK,
CONTINUATION OF CLOSING-OUT -SALE "OF
I. 0. 0. F. LIBRARY ■
Consisting of 10,000 Volumes \ Standard
Literature. ■ .' -
Albo Fittings, Furniture aM Miscellaneous
Effects. y^ -.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD. Auctioneer.
On view after 9 o'clock a. m.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
MM IIIKIO I'AUIFIC COMPANY.
(pacific ■!■!■■■)
Trains lenvt* »n<l are <liv- tv nrrlve at
nan: ntANCUK'O.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street) .
lsavb — From July 10, 1895. — arbjv*
*B:O«a Niles, Sau Jose and Way Stations... •8:13*.
7:00 a. Itunid*. Snlsun and Sacramento.... 10:43 a
7:OOa MurysYille, OroriUeand Redding via
•Woodland 5:4»p
7:OOa Elmira, Vacaville and Rnmsey . fc:*3p
7:3Ua Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
C'alUtoga and Santa Rosa Grl.lp
«:OOa Atlantic Kipress, Ogden and Kant.. S»43r
HiIIOa San .lose, Stockton. Valley Spring, .
lone. Sacramento, MHrysville,
CLico, Tehama and Bed 81uff.... 4tl»p
HtSOA Peters, Oakdale and Jamestown.... 7:lSp
•S«aOA Hilton •7tlS*
)»:<m»a New Orleans Kipres*. Merced, Frea- ■i':^^
.no, BakerßtieM. Santa Itarbara,
I.os Angeles, DetuiiiK, El Faso, V ' 'O' ■•
Now Orleans and Eaat fl:4sp
1O:0Oa. Vr.llfji). Martinez and Way Stations ' 7:45p
*l:oopSHcrauimitol!iverBteitiiit<rs «»:OOp
Sau Jose, Klles and Way Stations... JOiISa
2:OOp Livermore, Mendota, Hanford and
Visalia : 4:1 5p
Liverruore, San Jose, Niles and Way
Stations {IO:15a
4:OOp Martlner, Han Ramon, Vallejo
Napa, Callstoga, 101 Verano and - -
Sun ta ltnsa > 9>lS a
4ioop Benicia, Vacavllle, Woodland,
Knights Landing, Marysyillc, Oro-
Tilltt and Sacramento I«:4Sa
4:80p Niles. San Jose, Tracy and Stockton 7:1 Sp
4:30p Stockton find Lodi.. iails*
4:30p Latlirop, Modesto, Merced, Fresno,
Mojave, Santa Ttarbara and "Los
Alludes. .....' 7i43 A
4i3op Martinez, Merced (Raymond for
Yosomit-.-) and Fresno 12:13»
4i»Op Santa F« Itonte. Atlantic Kxpress
- - for Mojave and Kast 6:43 p
OiO»p Europeau Mail, O«den and Kast.... »i4sa
•«:««P Vallejo 12:1
6ioop Hiiy»»rda. Nllee and San Job* 7:43 a
J7:oop Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions J9i43»
c 8:00 p Oregon Sacramento, Marys-
Wile, lte.l,lin -, rortiaiul, Tuget
Hmiml an.l Kaxt Bilßa
SAN LKMDRt) AM) HAVWAKDS LOCAL.
(Foot ot Market Street.)
"I JlriniM-. Seminar)' I'nrk, ( 7:1»a
8:00 a Klt«lil)iir S , Klniiinrel, '*" : 1»*
» : 111 S»n I.e.vn.lro.KoHtl. San »*»*f*
n\2& Leandro. Kstu-lillo, J^?*
:I!£:oom " Lorenzo, Clierry • «i : .isp
<»:»op ■ and . isii.ip
3:o<»p HHjnanlH. tß:43p
7:OOp i Buns through to Nilea. 7:45p
,> t From Niles. I
COAST DIVISION (Narrow Unuge).
(Foot 61 Market Street.)
J7:l3a Saota Cruz Excursion, Santa Cruz
and Principal Way Stations |BlO3p
8: ISA Newark. Centerville, San
,-.. Boulder Creek. Santa Oruz and Way
Stations.... 3:30p
•3:13p Newark, Centerville, San Jose, NNetw t -
, Almaden, Feltcn, Bnulder Creek.
Santa. Cruz and Principal Way "- '
Stations ;...... MOjBOa
4il3p San Jose, Glenwood & Way Stations . 9:20 v
04:13p Bonlder Creek and Santa Out.. J»;2oa
/ CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIR FRANCISCO— Foot or Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 Il:otU.ii. Jl:00 *2:00 13:03
•4:03 , (6:00 *E:o9p.m. . "•
From 01IUKD— foot of Broadway.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00 A.M.
1 18:00 •1:00 t2:00 »3:00j tl:00 *8:00 p.M.
COAST DIVISION (Broad Gauge).
. (Third and Townsemi Sta.) .
•7:00 a San Jose and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays 0n1y)....... l:80p
)7:30a Sunday Excursion for San Jose, . -
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove ■ and
Principal Way Stations |BiSSp
9iOOa San .lose, Ires Pinos, .Santa Cruz,
Pad lie drove, Paso Robles. San '
l.nis Oblspo, Guadalupe, Surf and * f: : iA"<t""
Principal Way Stations 4ilop
lot lOa San Jose and Way .Stations •*>:l>O*.
I1::IOa San Jose and War .Stations ....... *Bi33a
•2:4spSan Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park, ?.
. Palo Alto, Santa Clara, Han Jose.
Gllroy, Hollister, Santa Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacific
Grore , "10:30 a
"8i 3Op Sail Jose and Way Stations »O:OOa
•4:15p San Joseand Principal Way Stations 9:43 a
•3:00p San Jose and Principal Way Stations G:33a
5:30p San Jose ami Principal Way Stations s:3<>p
6:»Op San Jose and Way Stations..; 7:80p
t11:43p Bau Jose and Way Stations 7:SOp
A for Morning. \ P for Afternoon.
•Sundays excepted. t Sundays only, t Saturdays only
f Sundays and Mondays. a Saturdays and Sunday.
UM FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TUmroo rarrti F««t cl AUrtot S%
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFABIa.
WEEK DATS— ; 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:35.
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. in. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:at
and 11:30 p. m. • . ■
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30, X^O.
6:00, 6:20 p. m. \
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45.
8:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 3:IO, 9:40, . 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, . 3:40.
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between Can Francisco and SchueUen Park
same schedule as above. .
L*ave • Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
. Juno 29. ■
Week I Sun-. IS9S. . Sun- J Week
Days. I days. Destination, ( daye. I Days.
. 7:30 am! r,:00 am) Nov&to, 110:40 am 8:40 am
8:30 pro 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm. 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. | 7:35 pm 6:23 pm
■ ~ Fulton,
7:30 am .. Windsor.- 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyserville,-
3:30 pm 8:00 am( Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:23 pm
7:30 am Hopland and I ~~ ~ 10:25 am
3:30 pm 8:00 ami Uklah. 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
7:30 am ; ~ I " 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm '
3:30 pm| ■- • " j 6:22 pm
7:30 am i>:00 am Sonoma 10:40 ami »:40 am
and (
6:10 pm 5:00 pm[ Glen Ellen. j 6:10 pm 6:22 pra
7:30 ami 8:00 am! Sebastopol. [10:40 am 110:25 am
8:30 pm| 5:00 pm ] 7:35 pmj 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; - at' Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
Bervllle for Skag-gs Springs; at Cloverdale fop
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs.
Highland . Springs. Kelseyville, Carlsbad.
Springs, Soda Bay,', Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel D?ll Lake, Upper
Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's, River-
side, Llerley's, Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights.
Hullville. Boonevllle, Orr's Hot Springs, Men-
doclno City, Fort Bragg,. Westport, Usal.
I Saturday to Monday round-trip ticket* at
reduced rates. .„■■'■■ : . "■ . -
I On Sundays round-trip tickets to all ' point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 630 Market st.-. Chronic!* Wflg.
A. W. FOSTER, R. X. RYAN,
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JQAQUII
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From June 1, isaS, train* will run' as follows:
South-bound. . ; North-bound.
Passen- Mixed, ■ Mixed, Passen-
ger, Sunday Sta- Sunday ; ger.
j Daily.. Exc'pted tions. . Exc'pted Daily.
\ 7:20 am 9:00 am Stockton 3:45 pm s:4opm
: ' 9:10 a m 12:50 p m Merced 12:50 p-m 8:53 p m
10:40 a m 3:50 pm , Fresno . 9:30 m 2:20 p m
i 11:35 am 6:45 p m Hanford- 7:45 am 1:25 p m
i 2:45 p m 11:50 p m B'k'rsfld I 2:30 am 10:15 a m
12:05 p m 7:50 p m Visalia | 6:40 a m 12:55 p m
- Stopping at I intermediate I points as I required.
■ Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of i
California ■ Navigation and Improvement i Com-
pany,'- leaving San Francisco and Stockton at S
p. m. dally; at Merced with stages to and
from » Snellings," Coulterville, - Yosemlte, ' etc. ;
also with stage from ' Hornitos, Marlpoaa, eta ;
j at Lankenhim with stage to and from Madera.
910
VENUS SMILES UPON MARS.
Colonel Macdonald to Wed Miss Wolf
on Wednesday
f\ OLONEL WILLIAM MACDONALD
Is to w^rl Miss Alice S. Wolff.
I. The well known soldier and insur-
man blushlngly admitted the de
lightful story to his many friends yester
day, while his prospective bride received
BEE ADMITS
HE SPOKE
TO POPPER
Asked Him to With
draw His Suit.
WAS GIVEN MANY PROMISES
THE DETECTIVE SHIELDS THE
SCHEMING CHIEF.
Says He Was Sent by His
Fellow-Workers to Call
the Politician
Off.
The abortive attempt of Chief Lees to
Influence Max Popper to withdraw his
now famous salary suit was the all-ab-
Borbing topic of conversation of the <'ity
Hall yesterday. The sleuths of the "up
per office" temporarily abandoned their
search for the brutal murderer of Sadie
Simpson to discuss the bold move of the
cunning Chief.
The latter was in an ugly frame of mind
due to the publication of the story, and
doggedly ordered his men around.
Detective Joseph Bee. when seen at his
home yestorday, denied, of course, that
lyees had sent him to "see" Popper.
"A short time ago." he said, in explana
tion of why he had asked Popper to drop
the suit, "Captain Wittman, several
members of the detective force and my
self were discussing the subject, when
It was suggested that I should see Popper
and endeavor to have him abandon the
action.
"As they all expressed themselves in
favor of the proposition the following day
I called on Popper, who has always been
my friend. I explained to him that we
were being deprived of the additional sal
ary allowed us by the Legislature on ac
count of his action and asked him to let
go.
"He made no promise to me but told me
to see him again. I did so, and renewed
the proposition. He sold at that time that
he was busy with the charter, but if the
measure was adopted he would not press
the appeal which is pending in the Su
preme' Court. The charter was elected
and we concluded that Popper would not
further harass us. That is all there was
to it. Chief Lees knew nothing of m.v
visit to Popper, nor w:is he aware of our
discussion over the matter."
Notwithstanding Bee's denial of Lees'
action, it is positively known that the de
tective was sent by him to induce Popper
to withdraw the appeal.
The superannuated head of the police
department, fully realizing that he has
only a short time more in which to blun
der before his official head falls into the
basket, determined to call Popper off so
that he could retire on the increased pen
sion allowed him by the new salary law.
Knowing that Bee was on Intimateterms
with Popper the astute Chief, after ex
tending to him the glad but chilly hand,
told him to pee th" politician and endeav
or to influence him to wlhtdraw the suli.
"What promises were to be made to Pop
per are only known to Lees and Bee, but
It is understood that he was to have a
voice in the management of the police de
partment, providing that he consented to
a withdrawal of the suit.
THE SEVENTH TO DRILL.
California Boys to Perform for
the Native — A
Clash of Authority.
The members of the Native Daughters-
Red Cross Aid are bending all their ener
gies toward making the exhibition drill,
which will be held under their auspices
on Thursday night, an unqualified success.
Eight hundred and fifty picked men from
the Seventh California Infantry, undet
Colonel John R. Berry, will provide the
entertainment.
The drill is for the benefit of the Cali
fornia Regiment now in Manila, is given
by California boys under the direction ot
California's fairest daughters— a home
affair all around. After the drill the so»
dior boys will be entertained at dlnnev,
and there will be dancing until midnight.
her friends' telephonic congratulations
and Joyous messages at her home, 2105
Pine street.
The engagement between the happy
pair is an affair of some two months'
standing, but so carefully did they guard
Manager Vlning hns provided free trans
portation for the regiment.
Merchants have been generous in their
contributions toward the dinner. Home
made bread and cako will be gTatefully
received by the ladles on Thursday morn
ing at the Pavilion.
The programme, which is intended to
show the military work of a day in camp,
follows:
Arrival In heavy marching order of the Sev
enth California Infantry, Tnlted States Volun
| teers, Colonel John R. Berry commanding.
Pitching shelter tents, Company D, Captain
H. T. Matthews commanding.
Reveille-Regimental flfld music.
Physical exercises with arm". Company B.
Captain R. V. Dodge commanding.
Guard mount— Details trum Second Battal
ion. Major D. R. Weller. commanding officer
of the guard; Captain H. D. Alfonso, regi
mental adjutant; Captain F. L. Reynolds, Com
pany F. new officer of the day; Captain S. R.
Langworthy, old officer of the day; First Lieu
tt-nant Truman Cole, Company C, commander
of guard. Second Lieutenant Floyd Th&yer,
Company I, supernumerary officer of the guard.
Drill— School of the Battalion. First Batta
! lion Major F. C. Prescott commanding. First
j Lieutenant H. E. Hlgbey, battalion adjutant.
Bayonet exercise. Company F, Captain F. L.
! Reynolds commanding.
Extended order drill. Company 11. Captain A.
I W. Browne commanding.
Battalion parade, Third battalion. Major W.
C. Welch commanding: First Lieutenant C. P.
Fenner, battalion adjutant.
Tape— Regimental field music.
There is a difference of opinion regard
ing the disposal of the money between the
officers of the Native Daughters' Red
Cross Aid and the Red Cross Society. The
following letter is self-explanatory:
July 15, IS9B.
Mrs. Frank H. Mills, Acting President Xa
tlw Daughters' Red Cross Aid, San Francisco-
Dear Madam: It has been suggested to the
Red Cross Society of Pan Francisco that the
results of the or>torta!nment to be given by
the Seventh California Volunteers, under the
auspices of the Native Daughters" Red Cross
Aid Society Is to be given to the emorgency
fund of the First California Volunteers now at
Mimila.
Our sr^-lety fails to see why the Seventh Cal
ifornia should he called upon to help the First
California, we having sent the sum of $1500
to them June 25.
If this entertainment Is to be given in the
name of this society the returns must be mad*
to th<-m, otherwise no control of funds could
be had. We think you can see the Justice of
this, for It Is the basis upon which our enter
tainment committee works. Hoping we may
meet with your committee and adjust this
I matter at your earliest convenience, I remain,
very respectfully,
MRS. W. R. FCKART, Secretary.
MRS. JOHN F. MERRILL. President.
The matter has not been adjusted. "We
have had the opinions of two lawyers and
have been Informed that there is no legal
reason why we cannot give this entertain
i mont," Bald Mrs. Edward Lunatedt last
| night. "We believe we have a right to
say how the money shall be disbursed."
Mrs. John F. Merrill, president of the
Red Cross Society, paid: "We must ex
ercise supervision over all benefits given
in the name of our society. If we did not
do so thf>re would be endless confusion,
and worse. We hope this little misunder
standing will be straightened out. I met
Mrs. Mills, the president, and thought
everything had been explained to her sat
isfaction."
The entertainment will take place and
It is expected there will be no clash be
tween the two bodies.
Montana Soldiers Grateful.
The high regard entertained for the
Catholic Truth Society by the Montana
Volunteers is expressed in the following 1
words of recognition:
Wheras, Tho Catholic Truth Society has, by
its untiring efforts, cared for the sick and
nffllotPfi in the First Regiment. Montana In
fantry, United States Volunteers, be It
Resolved, That the members of Company H.
Flrs=t Montana Infantry, express their grati
tude for the hospitality received at the hands
of the ladles.
Resolved, That Miss Kate Smith, Miss Tier
nadette Robinson, Miss Frankle Shaw. Mlsb
Grace Shaw. Mlbs Blanche Beltlon. Miss M»r-
Kuerlte IVlden. Miss Boatrlee Hawkins, Miss
Genrjfie Hawkins, Miss Feeney. Miss Ada
Bheetay, Miss McMadden, Mrs. Luke Robinson,
Hli. j W. Wilson and Mrs. B. T. Smith have
exemplified the spirit of American womanhood
and havn won the admiration and respect of
earh and every member of this company.
The Christian Commisslrn.
The Press Club gave a most delightful
entertainment at the Montana tent last
Saturday evening, which was the last en
tertainment under the auspices of the
Christian Commission with this regiment,
and a farewell service was held Sunday
evening. Both of these services were
largely attended and greatly enjoyed by
the men.
The commission placed on hoard the
transport Pennsylvania a library of 1500
books and 600 hymn books, and presented
Chaplain Stull with a portable organ. A
library of 1500 books and 600 song books
will be consigned by the commission to
Chaplain Daly of the South Dakota Regi
ment, to sail on the Rio Janeiro. Secre
tary Long of the navy has given instruc
tions that members of the Christian Com
mission be permitted to carry on their
work on board the men-of-war, and al
ready an expedition for this purpose has
gone to Samppon's fleet, and two expedi
tions are being fitted out; two young men
and tents are going to Santiago and sail
early next week, and two others, with
complete equipage, will also go with the
Invading army to Porto Rico.
A meeting of the Christian Commission
was hold at the Occidental Hotel yes
terday afternoon, when It was decided to
locate a tent at Black Point and at the
Presidio immediately. Rev. Dr. Adams,
pastor of the First Congregational
THE SAN" FR AN CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 19, 1898.
their secret that their betrothal was not
even suspected.
However, as the auspicious day on
which they were to plight their troth drew
near, both bride and groom, bubbling
over with a happiness they could no
longer conceal, took their family and im
mediate friends Into their confidence and
the interesting betrothal finally became
noised about.
Miss Alice S. Wolff, the young bride-to
be, has a large circle of friends in this city,
where she has resided for many years.
For the past ten years she filled the posi
tion of private secretary to Colonel Ma».
donald. and during her leisure hours has
devoted considerable attention to literary
work, much of which has been in the na
ture of contributions to the Argonaut and
Eastern publications.
Her sister. Miss Emma Wolff, is also of
a literary mind and is the author of sev
eral popular novels.
Colonel Macdonald is probably one of
the boat known men in California. He is
an old soldier and for many years was
prominently Identified with the National
Guard of California in various capacities,
latterly as colonel of the Second Artil
lery and First Infantry Regiment. As
manager of the London and Lancashire
Insurance Company he has proved him
self one of the shrewdest local men in
that business.
The ceremony which will unite the In
teresting couple will take place Wednes
day at noon at the bride's residence, on
Pine street.
Judge Belcher will pronounce the words
that will make them one.
Only the immediate relatives of the con
tracting parties will witness the cere
mony, after which the happy pair leave
for the City of Mexco, where the honey
moon will be spent.
church, and Rev. Dr. Silcox, pastor of
the First Congregational church of Sac
ramento, were present and addressed the
commission. The following: resolutions
were passed:
Resolved. That the thanks of the Army and
Navy Christian Commission are hereby most
heartily tendered to the press for the gener
erous service rendered in furthering the work
of the commission nt all points, and especially
In the matter of making the drill of the Ten
nessee regiment on the 14th lnst. such an emi
nent success.
Resolved. Th.-it the thanks of the Army and
Navy Christian Commission are thereby ten
dered to the Tennessee Regiment. Colonel W.
C. Smith commanding, for the drill given on
the 14th lnst. In aid of the commission. The
peat success attending the event Is at once
both a high compliment to the regiment and Its
officers, and to the appreciation of the work
°f t $£ ll commission by the noble-hearted people
or California. , . .
Another Death in Camp.
Private Charles A. Kennedy, Company
L, First Tennessee, died yesterday at the
Marine Hospital, from a complication of
measles and pneumonia. He enlisted at
Nashville, Term.
WAS NEARLY TRICKED
OUT OF HIS FORTUNE
A POOB COBBLER WINS A PRIZE
IN THE LOTTERY.
Informed That the Ticket Called for
an Approximation, When It
Had Won a Thousand
Dollars.
Patrick Hyland, a poor cobbler, has re
cently become possessed of a thousand
dollars through Investment in a lottery
ticket. That amount does not represent
the full face value of the ticket which he
held and thereby hangs a tale.
Hyland purchased his ticket from A. H.
Merken, a groceryman at Hyde and
O'Farrell streets. Merken is also his
landlord, renting him the small establish
ment that does duty alike for shop and
place of habitation. Upon the day of the
drawing Merken looked over the list of
winnings and found, as he afterward ac
knowledged, that the ticket had won $1250
lie then went to the cobbler and told him
that he had won an approximation prize
und was entitled to one dollar. Hylana
took the dollar. The next day he learned
that the lea-st an approximation prize
should be was $1 25. and demanded that
amount. Merken handed over the iwen
ty-five cents to make up the deficiency
Shortly after this Hyland learned that
the ticket which he had held originally
had won $1250. He demanded an account
ing from Merken, but received no satis
faction. Ho then placed the matter in the
hands of Matt I. Sullivan, the attorney
with instructions to press it. Merken at
once tried to compromise, offering $loJ
and then took Merken's deposition. In the
deposition he secured acknowledgment
*rom him of the part he played through
out. He asked him finally what difference
')'■ paw bi-twfon his net and that of a
highwayman who stood up his friend on
the road and robbed him of all his pos
sessions. He replied that he thought oiio
was a crime and the other only a smart
trick.
The questions of Mr. Sullivan were so
pointed and contained so many references
to his act as a felony and the punishment
imprisonment In the State Prison that the
witness grew anxious to compromise.
When he offered $1000 the man champion
ing the cause of the cobbler advised him
to accept that amount. On this basis the
matter was settled some days since. Hy.
land affirms that that amount is more
than he ever possesed at one time before
and to him appears like a large fortune.
DESTROYED BY FUMIGATION.
Chinese Merchants Object to New
Methods at the Quarantine
Station.
Chinese merchants are greatly incensed
over the action of Dr. Rosenau at the
quarantine station, who, they claim, is
ruining every consignment of food prod
ucts shipped from Hongkong.
It was formerly the custom to remove
all personal effects, household goods, etc.,
to Angel Island for disinfection, but Dr.'
Rosenau rscently sent a letter to the Col
lector of Custonn, requesting him also to
hold shipments of food products. Every
ship arriving from Hongkong carries
quantities of salted eggs, limes, cab
bages, bananas and other goods of like
nature. If these are taken to the quaran
tine station and fumigated they are
ruined. One of the recent sufferers was
Wing Fung, who had a quantity of salted
eggs shipped him from Hongkong. They
were taken to the island and subjected to
the fumigating process, the result being
that all which did not burst from the heat
were ruined in other ways, and the ship
ment was a total loss.
The Chinese Merchants' Exchange has
taken the matter in hand, and, acting un
der the advice of a number of white
I brokers whose sympathies have, been
aroused, will send an appeal to the de-
I partment at Washington to have the
[ nuisance abated.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday, July 18.
Ger bark J C Glade, Str°re, 23 days from Hon
olulu.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BOWENS LANDING — Sailed July 18— Schr
Corinthian, for Pan Francisco.
FISH ROCK— Sailed July 18— Schr Nettie
Sundborg, for San Francisco.
6AN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Fr&nrtsoo
Call, corner of Market «nfl Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the Tear.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BS7 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; ■ 1 until 9:10 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market stre«t. corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission atreet; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and K«ntuc::y
streets: open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter, No. 5, R. A. M.. ■ '
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- -J\_
ING, July 19th, at 7:30 o'clock; stated jKjK
meeting and M. M. degree. By order/ V>
of the H. P.
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
GOLDEN Gate Lodge No. 30. F. and A. •
Called meeting THIS (TUESDAY) _^*_
EVENING, July 19, at 7:30 o'clock. JK^T
D. _ /yyy
GEORGE J. HOBE. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge, No. 136, F. &A. M.. •
121 Eddy St., meets THIS EVENING, _/V, !
7:30 o'clock: Third degree.. Master Ma-^JT '
sons Invited. " / '^ '
GEORGE PENLINGTON, Sec.
ORIENTAL Lodge, No. 144, F. &A. M., •
Third degree, THIS (TUESDAY) _J\_
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. /_2\
A. S. HUBBARD, Sec. /V >
ST. PATRICK'S Alliance of America— ,SV\
The picnic committee will meet ~r£Prt>
THIS (TUESDAY) EVENING, July ./tcJfflW
' 19th, to make final arrangements for v_Jsyy
the picnic at Shell Mound Park, '^
. Berkeley, Sunday, July 24th; this will be the
last meeting before the picnic; all members
of the committee are expected to be present.
JOHN GANEY, Sec.
NATIONAL Union. Call- _jflEJ_Ba_f*K.
fornla Council No. ■■'>■ * Stiß**lp']£~+^
meets THIS EVENING, '• *VLt
Elks Hall, 223 Sutter st. TV
ANNUAL Meeting— regular annual meeting
of stockholders of the Hakalau Plantation
Company will be held at the office of the
company, 327 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.,
on MONDAY, the Ist day of August, IS9S, at
the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the purpose
of electing a Board of Directors to serve for
the ensuing year and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
Ing. Transfer books will close on Friday,
July 29, 1898, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting— regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of The San Francisco
and San Joaquln Valley Railway Company
will be held at the office of the company. No.
821 Market Ft., San Francisco, Cal., on TUES-
DAY, the 19th day of July, 1898, at the hour
of I p. m.. for the purpose of electing a
Board of Directors to serve for the ensuing
year, and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting.
ALEXANDER MACKIE. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting of the Rlsdon Iron and
Locomotive Works — annual meeting of
the stockholders of • the Rlsdon Iron and
Locomotive Works, for the election of trus-
tees for the ensuing year and the transac-
tion of such other business as may be
brought before the meeting, will be held at
the office of the company, southeast corner
of Beale and Howard streets, San Francisco,
on MONDAY, the Ist day of August. 1398,
at 11 o'clock a. m. L. R. MEAD, Secretary.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE orphans and half orphans admitted into
St. Francis' Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum
since January 1. IS9S, to July 1, IS9B. are as
follows: Orphans— Jessie Hawkins 7, Mary
Kelly 7; half orphans— Anna Madden 8. Mary
Pratra 7, Anna Pratra 2. Enesti Pratra 4
(male) Mervyn Rooney 3, Leo Rooney S, John ;
Rooney 6, Anvedeo Vetera 6 (male). Vlcto- i
reen Holland 3. Ellsa Holland 2. Louisa Hol-
land 4. William O'Connor 8, Mary Strong 7.
admitted December 31, 1597.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 413 Montgomery Bt.. room 6: tel. 6580.
JESSIE RAYDEM. alcohol baths and mas-
sage. 101 Eddy St.. room 13. .'
ALVINE HALL and assistant: genuine cabinet
baths. 15% Turk and 1118 Market. rm». 15-1«.
DIVIDEND NO_iC~S. :v'
OFFICE of the Fireman's Fund Insurance
Company. San Francisco. July 18, 1898.— a j
regular meeting of the board of directors of
this company, held this day. a dividend- was
declared, payable on and after July 20. 1898.
BERNARD FAYMONVILLE. Secy.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 57 (flft>
cents per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company. 327 Market st., on ana
after Wednesday. July 20 189 S. Transfer
books will close on Thursday July 14 1898.
at 3 o'clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON.
Secretary.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
PACIFIC Employment Office— First-class s«-
)crt help. <■:'■.'. "Mark"* Ft.' '. d>vti.» ('Uv in
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
NEAT young girl desires Pltuation as nurse or
second girl or housework; $10 to $lo; refer-
ences, MISB CULLEN. m Batter st.
SUPERIOR Norwegian parlor maid and wait-
ress desires situation; best references. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS cook desires situation where
she can have her child (9 years old) with
her- country; willing to do housework; best
references. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS young German cook desires
situation! 2 years last place; city or coun-
try. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS Infant's nurse desires situation;
best references; city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st. -
GERMAN: first-class cook; German family
preferred: best reference; cooking or house-
work. MRS. NORTON, Swedish and German
Employment Bureau, 313 Sutter st. . -
GREEN Swedish girl wishes to assist In house-
work; strong and willing; $10. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313Sutter8t ___
MIDDLE-AGED German woman; good cook
and houseworker: $12 to $15; references.
MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter St. ;
NORWEGIAN girl with 2 years' references,
first-class cook and laundress; city or coun-
try. Apply MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter St.;
' telephone Green 721. __^ '
A NO. 1 second girl 2V4 years city reference
desires a situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
316 Sutter st.
POSITION desired by a refined young lady
from the East In an office; has had exper-
ience. Address box 155. Call office. ■- :'
WANTED— By a refined Christian lady posi-
tion as companion or matron: beat city ref-
erence. Address for three days 8. S. S.,
Mills College P. P.. Alameda County.
GIRL wishes to do general housework; city or
country. 353% Minna st., bet. 4th and 6th.
SITUATIONS wanted as first-class laundress
and second girl. 324 McAllister st.
LADY offers services in dental parlors for den-
tal work. Box 123. Call office.
GIRL, 16 years old, wants work where she can
have good home; small wages. Box 50, Call.
REFINED young lady wishes position as of-
fice clerk or travelling companion to lady:
best of references. Apply between 9 and 11:30
a. m., 26 Turk st. . • ■ • •.'
WOMAN with boy 8 years wants work on
ranch or for widower; home more of an ob-
ject than wages. Address 304 Third St., rm. 26.
RESPECTABLE lady with little girl wishes
position as working housekeeper; good cook;
. city or country. Box 323, Kearny St., r. 16.
RELIABLE -- woman wishes i work by the . day
of any kind in the city, or a steady place
in the country; good cook. - 616 Post 5t. . ..:: •
AMERICAN woman wants situation as house-
keeper or cook; no washing; references. Ad-
dress C. S., Free Employment . Office, 41914
Stockton st. ....
WANTED— A position by capable lady as nurse
.or companion. 1037 McAllister st. .
COMPETENT woman wishes a situation as - a
, first-class ; cook; lately ; from ■ the East; city
references.' Apply 206 Fifth St.". near Howard.
WANTED— • trustworthy, middle-aged wo-
man position as working ■- housekeeper in
lodging house; - small : wages ;-. good home
wanted. Box 143, Call office. .; , , . :.;.;?;■;
FINE pianist and' singer wishes- position to
teach in refined family, -country. ; or as com-
I panion to refined lady; will ' travel. Box 296,
Call office. -.;■,■ ■ : ■.■-.-■, :-v: -v ;■-:
GOOD cook wants position; or will do any kind
of work. ' 341 Minna st. : .r. r : r
A YOUNG girl wishes to do light ; housework;
no cooking; ' sleep s home. - Call :at 34% Mary
St., between Howard and Mission; no postal.
WANTED, by a reliable girl, a situation to do
■ light housework or i take care .of children;
; Bleep home. Box 195, Call. ■•;:-• '■■% ■•'-7• '-7 *>.;?*
GERMAN girl ? wants ? situation " for - general
housework :or cooking. 1309 Stockton et. >
SITUATIONS WANTED-Contlnned.
AMERICAN woman desires position to cook
for men; in answer state wages and num-
ber. Address box 194, Call.
"WIFE of soldier wants work by the day house-
cleaning or any kind of work. 507 Birch aye.
GOOD reliable Eastern woman wants posi-
tion as working housekeeper; city or coun-
try. MRS. L. FRANCIS, Oakland, Cal.,
general delivery.
MIDDLE-AGE woman, —^>d cook and house-
keeper, desires employment. Address box
215. Call.
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes a position to do
general housework. Apply 1135 Florida st.
YOUNG girl, good cook, will do general house-
work; has reference. Call 1007 Natoma St.,
between Howard and Mission.
YOUNG girl would like to assist with house-
work. 1374 Stevenson St., near Thirteenth
and Valencia.
COMPETENT woman wishes a situation in a
respectable house; generaT housework. Ad-
dress MISS M. MICKELSON, 32 Fourth st.
EXPERIENCED laundress and house-cleaner
wants work by the day; terms $1; references.
Box 22, Call office.
COMPETENT girl wishes a situation to do gen-
eral housework; city or Oakland; references.
Call 1205 Laguna st.
RESPECTABLE girl deßires a situation in a
private family. Box 227, Call office.
COLORED lady would like position as respon-
sible nurse for children. Address 560 Geary.
LADY'S maid or second work by one exper-
ienced: country preferred; references. Box
199. Call.
GIRL from the country wishes situation to do
general housework in private family. New
Golden Gate Hotel. 134 Fourth st.
POSITION wanted as children's nurse by Ger-
man lady. AUGUSTA KIDMAN. 1309 Octavia.
BRIGHT business woman of experience wants
position In law, insurance, abstract or gen-
eral office; references: city or country. Ad-
dress box 38, Call office.
POSITION wanted by first-class cook In pri-
vate family or boarding-house, or would take
charge of club; experienced and best of ref-
erences. M. H., 419 Stockton st.
YOUNG German woman would like to do
housework. Call at 2939 Twenty-fourth St.
GERMAN girl wishes a situation to do general
housework and cooking. Address 1309 Stock-
ton st.
SITUATION wanted round a place by elderly
man to do chores and make himself useful;
understands care of horses, garden and can
milk; reference. J. C, box 76, Call.
WANTED —Situation as gardener, care of
horses, etc., by middle-aged active man; first-
class recommendations; wages moderate.
Gardener, box 156, this office.
WANTED— Position as housekeeper In small
family by lady with a child; good home more
object than wages; no objection to country.
Address M. A., Call Branch. 100 Eleventh st.
YOUNG lady .Jeslres position to assist book-
keeper; Email wages; object practical knowl-
edge. Address M. A., 106 Eleventh St.. Call
Branch.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414U O'Farrell St.: tel. East 426.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay »t.
OPTICIAN; thoroughly competent; good diplo-
ma; will take T.oettlon anywhere; store or
travel ; have excellent and complete outfit.
OPTICIAN. 103 Grove St.
YOUNG man, understands care of horses and
general work about place, desires employ-
ment. Addrees box IR3. Call Office.
WANTED— By carpenter, a situation in city or
country; experienced in all Its branches: best
of references given. Address J. M., box 106,
Call Office^
MIDDLE-AGED German, just from New York,
wishes situation as coachman; good refer-
ences. CHAR LAENGER, 621 California st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Barnard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
MIDDLE-AGED man wishes a situation In any
machine shop; has good references as a
blacksmith and filer. AddreßS B. C. LABO-
DIGIA, 230 Montgomery aye.
STEADY reliable man wants situation on pri-
vate country place; understands care of
horses, lawn, parden, etc. ; good references.
Box 21, Call office.
WANTED— Situation as shipping clerk en
water front or purser on steamer; best of city
references. Box 29, Call office.
CHINESE wants situation as cook. Please call
or address 204 Powell st.
YOUNG Frenchman wishes a situation in
hotel or private house to learn English; will-
ing to do anything. Address box 25, Call.
TO boss bakers — Wanted; a situation by a
first-class baker on bread or cake; country
preferred; hotel or shop. Address box 11, Call.
JAPANESE bright boy wishes position as
school boy or houseworker. J. G. LAWA-
MURA, 121 Halght st :
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 Third St.. near
Mnrket: 200 rooms. 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to
$6 week: convenient and respectable: free
"bus and ha«e_ee to and from ferry.
HELP "WANTED— FEMALE.
GERMAN nursery governess. $23; French maid,
$25; French second girl, $20. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st.
WAITRESS, Crockett. $20. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st.
COOK. luirPv'alley, $30. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
SECOND girl, country. $20. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
WAITRESS, eating house dining room, $20.
MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter St.
I'R< iTESTANT second girl. $25, 2 In family.
MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
HnrsEWORK, San Luis Ohlspo, $20: Ala-
meda. $20; Oakland. $20. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
NEAT young girl, $15. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
cT R. HANSEN~& Co] 104 GEARY ST..
WANT TO-DAY.
Head waitress, country hotel $23
Waitress, Santa Cruz $20
Waitress. Santa Monica, Los Angeles
County, free fare $20
Waitress, M>nter»y $20
Waitress, La Honda $20
Waitress, Cisco, free fare }2n
Waitress, Crockett $20
Waitress, Fresno, freo fare $25
2 chambermaids to wait. Pacific Grove $20
C. R. HANSEN _ CO.. 104 Geary st.
C. R. HANSEN A CO., 104 GEARY ST..
WANT TO-DAY.
Cook, country hotel, fare paid $35
Cook, summer resort, fare paid $?,5
Cook, Institution, city $30
25 housecirls for city and country places $15,
$20 and $23; young girls to assist, $10 and $12.
C. R. HANSEN _ CO., 104 Geary st.
WAITRESS for sanitarium, short distance,
$25: cook. $30; second girl. $20. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter st.
HOUSEGIRL, 2 in family, $25; Irish girl to
assist In housework. $12; two Irish house-
girls at $15 each; German housekeeper. $15;
middle-aged woman. $20. two In family; Ger-
man houseglrl, $15; nurse, $10. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter st.
IRISH houseplrl, $20; two younc girls to as-
sist. $10 to $15; rajifh cook, $20; restaurant
cook, $20; German second girl. $13; conk and
second girl, same house, Oakland, $25 and
$20. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter St.
FOUR German, Scandinavian and Irish cooks.
$25; 2 French and German second girls, $2^;
French seamstress. $25; Ironer In laundry.
$10 week: 6 waitresses and chambermaid.;,
$29 and $22 50, and glrlH for cocking and
housework. J. F. CROSETT A CO., 316 Sut-
ter st.
AT the German Employment Office. MRS.
LAMBERT, 417 Powell St., girls of all na-
tionalities to fill various positions.
REFINED mannered woman, for office mana-
ger; tact and good sense rather than ex-
perience necessary: permanent position, l.ox
192. Examiner office.
WANTED— A first-class talloress on fine coats;
no other need apply. 611V4 Jones st.
GIRL to assist at light housework; small fam-
ily. -30 Valley st., near Guerrero.
WANTED — A girl for general housework; 1220
Eddy. Call from 9 to 12.
YOUNG nurse girl; take care one child. Call 9,
The Irving, Sl6 Sutter st.
GERMAN grlrl; general housework In small
family. 61S Fell St.. between 2 and 4 o'clock.
100 GIRLS to peel fruit, at the Overland Pack-
Ing Company, 912 Battery st.
GERMAN girl for general housework and wash-
ing: wage* $13. 1202 Dolores st., cor. 24th.
FIRST-CLASS tailoresa on coat*. 419 Cali-
fornia at., room 11.
WANTED — A pants finisher. 435 Minna st.
GIRL for housework and cooking. Call after
9 o'clock at 624 Oak St.
YOUNG girl wishes to work; good home;
wages $5. 519V4 Ash aye..- near Octavia.
AN energetic lndy canvasser; household ne-
cessity; good pay. Box 217, Call.
WANTED— Good waist hand; come prepared
to work. 330 O'Farrell at.
GIRL wanted for light housework; good home.
Sf'l Hayes st.
WANTED— A woman to do housework for home
and small wages. Call 131 San Carlos aye.
GOOD girl wanted for general housework. 731
Green st.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
WANTED-Experienced vampers, stitchers and
general shoe fitters. Apply at shoe factory of
CAHN, NICKELSBURG & CO.. 115 Hayes st.
WANTED— A competent girl for general house-
work and cooking. Apply t*B Clay st. A.
GOLDBURG. ■
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit. Apply
immediately California Canneries Co., Bran-
nan St., bet. Third and Fourth.
CANNERS— Expert canners wanted. Apply
immediately Callfornlan Canneries Co., Bran-
nan St., bet. Third and Fourth.
-
WANTED— 2 attractive ladles for a road house;
1 good piano player; good positions for right
parties. ■ Address box 17, Call office.
GIRL wanted for general housework and cook-
Ing for country. Apply 1814 Pacific aye.
i GERMAN girl for general housework; no wash-
ing. 1514 Octavia st.
EXPERIENCED shirt and pants operators.
Apply 23 Stevenson st, 4th floor. MEYER-
STEIN COMPANY.
LEARN sewing at Keisler Ladies' Tailoring
College, lIS McAllister St.; patterns to order.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns 2ac up. MCDOWELL'S. 103
Post st. . .
LAWRENCE Dresscuttlng School, 1079 Market
i St.; perfect fit; no trying on; trial free.
339 HAVES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
____________ and ads taken.
HELP 'WANTED— MALH.
rrr!rrrrrrrrr?7T7rfF^Sß~AiiA^ ..................
200 railroad laborers and rockmen $3 a day
Ship Wednesday... Special rates. ..Get tickets
Direct to Skaguay at
C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S, 104 Geary st.
FOR CALIFORNIA
100 railroad teamsters Free fare
Ship daily Regular wages
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary' st.
RAILROAD foreman for grading gang, $3 a
day, free fare; 6 slopers, regular wages, free
fare " C."r'. ''HA'Ns'E'N*'&*'cb'.'.''i64''Gear*y*'Bt*.*'
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
PORTUGUESE milker. $30; 2 milkers, $25; 16
farmers, $20 and found; 4 ranch carpenters,
$30 and found; small country shop black-
smith, $35 and found: millpond raftsman, $30
and board; spool tender, $35 and board; bark-
ers and buckers, $35 and board. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary at. -
YOUNG, tha kitchen hand, wanted. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
BUTCHER who can kill. $35 and found, for a
mountain resort, fare paid; cook, 10 men in
camp, $25; second cook, country restaurant,
$10 a week; cook, small hotel, $40; third
cook, summer resort, $35; 2 dishwashers,
summer resort, $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary at.
NEAT young French-speaking waiter; $50. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary Bt.
C.AXE baker, country hotel, $35 and found;
baker, hotel, city. $35; baker and pastry cook.
small country hotel, $35. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
WAITER, summer resort, $30; restaurant, $40;
country hotels, $25; 2 colored waiters, $25. C.
R. HANSEN _ CO., 104 ueary st.
MAN and wife, or 2 persons, man and woman,
as Bharnpooers for springs; $50 a month or
half profits as salary. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— French chef; country hotel; $100.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
A— TO-DAY ..MURRAY _ READY
......Want the following help
913 laborers for a great mine, etc
Wages from $2 50 a day
12 farm hands $26, $26, $20 and found
3 milkers $26, $20 and found
36 wood choppers $1 50 and $1 a cord
12 laborers tor a gravel mine $1 75 a day
6 laborers for a sawmill company
$26 and found
10 laborers to level land $30 and found
3 choremen for ranches $15 and found
133 tie makers Be, 9c and lie each
255 railroad teamsters and laborers
Free fare $1 75 a day Free fare
MURRAY & READY.'
634 and 636 Clay st. \
A TYPEWRITER, stenographer and assistant
on books, $30 per month and found; country
etore. MURRAY & READ IT, 634 and 636
Clay st.
A— LOOK Laundry help Look
Laundryman: plain work; country hotel; $30
and found. Three ironers, $2 a day; laundry-
man Napa county, $30 and found. MURRAY
& READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
A— SAUSAGE maker, $2 a day....................
1 . ........... .3 butchers to bone beef, $1 75 a day
« MURRAY & READY, 634 and. 636 CFlay st.
A— BAKER, small hotel, $30 and found; assist-
ant baker, Santa Clara county, $20 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— LOOK Cooks Look
12 cooks for different places; $55. $45, $30, $25
and found; 5 dishwashers. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— WAITERS Waiters Waiters
14 waiters for. different city and country ho-
tels, and restaurants; $30, $25 and $20 and
found. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636
Clay st.
A BAND sawyer and wood turner for a plan-
ing mill: $2 50 a day. MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
PRIVATE family man. MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED— engineer. $40 and found;
man and wife for fruit ranch,' $40; black-
smith for camp; 7 woodchoppers, $125 & $150
cord; 2 laundrymen for country, $30 and
found; brick molder; 3 laborers about mine,
$30; 2 stout ranch hands, $25; choreman for
ranch, $20; milkers, $20; 4 miners, $2 50 day;
3 carpenters for mine, $2 50 day and $40 ana
board; and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 628 : Sacramento st.
WANTED— Cook for miners, $30; second cook
for resort; $40; 2 hotel waiters, $20 to $30; 6
restaurant waiters. $32 50 and $40 and ' $10
week; kitchen men. dishwashers and others.
Apply to J. F. CR.OBETT & CO.. 628 Sac-
ramento st.
WANTED— Cook. French - restaurant. $50; sec-
ond cook, $60; cook, private family, $30; wai-
ter, hotel, $25; • waiter, $30; waiter, coffee-
house, $20; dishwasher, $30; kitchen hands,
$10 to $23; driver for express wagon, $20; but-
ler, $40; indoor servant, $30; man and wife,
country, $40. ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton t-t.
WANTED— for milk ranch near city.
must be able to run separator, $35; ranch
blacksmith, good steady Job, $40; blacksmith
for country shop, $2 per day; 4 farmers, near
city. $20 and $25: milkers and others; fourth
cook for restaurant in city, $9 per week. W.
D. EWER _ CO., 626 Clay st.
TWO cross cut sawyers, $26 and found; plain
camp blacksmith, $26 and board; boss planer
man: quarryman, $2 a day; granite cutters,
wood chopper, . laundryman. . scraper, teams-
sters, city. R. T. WARD & CO., 608 and 610
Clay st.
GOOD barber wanted; young man preferred-
steady Job. No. 19 Thirtieth St., cor. San
Jose road.
WANTED— A good second cook. 249 Fourth st.
WANTED — A cleaner. Golden Gate Dye
Works. 342 McAllister st.
WANTED— Neat young man to wash dishes.
47 Stockton st.
YOUNG man wanted to work In restaurant
1805 Halght st.
GOOD waiter wanted. 613 Clay st.
YOUNG man, about 19 years — As grocery clerk'
must have some experience. Apply SE corner
Hayes and Webster sts.
WANTED— A man on poultry ranch; wages
wages, $20. Call upstairs at 465 Tenth st
Oakland. W. CLAUSEN. '
BOY to drive butcher wagon. 2707 Howard st.
PAINTERS of San Francisco— Notice— There
will be an open meeting held at 915H Market
St., Labor Bureau Hall, on TUESDAY EVEN-
ING, July 19. for the purpose of reorganizing.
J. W. McKINNEY, the national organizer for
'. the B. of P. and D. of A., and others will
address the meeting. Painters are urged to
attend. •
GENT to take orders for prlntlnit ™» P
BOUIiN, 519 Filbert B t. B ' Apply ri
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.: 150 larg«
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
YOUNG man to learn barber trade. 1542
Market st.
MEN to ; learn barber trade In 8 weeks. San
Francisco Barber College. 135% Eighth it.
BARBERS' Ass ' n Free Employm't Office. S.
FUCHS. Sec, 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136. -
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 504 Davis St.. near Jackson.
WAMTSD-rAt Montana House, 764 Vi Mission,
men to take rooms; ■ 10c. 15c ' and 25c per
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50: men's
. soling. 35c; only one price. 959 Howard st.
SINGLE furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room. 25c night. ;, Rosedale House. 821 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth,
; for a room: 25c a night; $1 a week. .
SINGLE rooms. 10c and 16c night; 750 and $1
week. Llndel House. ; Sixth and Howard »t».
WANTED— To collect wages due . laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, j 110 Sutter st.
i WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 Third at., near
; Market; 200 rooms, 25c a night: reading room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED.
WANTED— Agents to take territory for the
sale 'of Home Comfort Washing Machines ;
patent No. 599,023 granted Otto Spellmeyer.
St. Louis, • Mo. ; quick selling article;: liberal
commissions. K. OBERMILLER, State
Agent. Present address, 2129 Charming Way,
Berkeley. Cal.
AGENTS, both sexes: quick seller; large com-
mission. Address LEFFLER & RUSSELL,
329 Jessie St.. S. F." -■■=: ??:■;■:
~ PARTNERS WANTED.
WANTED— for prospecting in North
California; must have had some previous
practice and also be intelligent person. Box
158. Call Office.
~ ~~ HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED — The care of house, between Van
Ness aye. and Steiner st. ; parties going
away; references given. Address box 214, Pa-
cific Grove. ~
WANTED To rent r furnished flat. Address
HUSTON. 1259 O'Farrell st.
"~~" ROOMS WASTED.
UNFURNISHED rooms; cheap; down town.
Box 524, Call office.
FURNITURE WANTED.
H BAUM buys furniture and general mer-
chandlse. 1057 Market st. : tel. Jessie 32.
WASTED- MISCELLANEOUS^
WANTED— To purchase twenty work horses;
must be sound. Box 173. Call office. <
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $8
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are tha
same as If purchased for all cash. Bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 'per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland. '
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house-
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer. - .-;-'--
BEAUTIFUL $350 piano, walnut case, finest
condition. $185 cash; party must fell. BENJ.
CURTAZ & SON, 16-18-20 O'Farrell at., Chick-
erlng agents. - -
LADY who has gone East left fine upright
piano for sale; best offer takes It. ' J. DEW-
ING CO.. Second floor, Flood building.
WE invite critical examination: new store, new
goods. CLARK WISE & CO.. 41 Geary St..
cor. Grant aye.. Conover agents.
SOHMER & CO., Byron Mauzy. Newby. Evans,
Brlg^s and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no interest first year. 303, 310. 312 Post st.
FINE upright for $150; come early if you want
to secure a bargain. THE ZENO MAITVAI3
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
ELEGANT new pianos for rent. $2 50 month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
A— s3s; FINE-TONED piano, first-class condi-
tion; must sell. 1361 Folsom St., cor. Tenth.
AN upright piano, nearly new; brilliant, pow-
erful tone; cheap. 216 McAllister st. ■
SPECIAL «ale of pianos; wholesale prices to
all. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
"AD" smallest: price lowest; uprights, $75 up;
rents, $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
A GOOD upright very cheap. 16 McAllister
St., next Hlbernla Bank. SCHMITZ.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MtJLLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
MONTGOMERY. 527. cor. Clay— Open until 9:39
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
HORSES.
HORSE for sale cheap. Apply MRS. GET).
THOMPSON, 321 Rutledge aye., off Alabama,
near Twenty-seventh.
FOR sale— 2o head horses: must be sold. Apply
'Tomkinson's Livery Stable, 57-61 . Minna St.,
between First and Second. ' ■ ■-.:; ;-•■-■■.-
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, 1 harness of all
kinds; 40 horses; must sell. Emporium Sales
Yards, 220 Valencia Ft.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, ; buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth: auction 9n\cn every Wednes-
<*ay. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or Installment's; 1 fine top and open
buggy; also 1 hack. 828 Harrison st.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkin. opp. City Hall.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892: catalogue.
THE evening class at Htnman's School of
Dancing, 1412 Polk St., Is now open Tuesday
and Thursday evenings: the class will give a
party this coming Friday evening; the chil-
dren's class will open Saturday afternoon,
August 6. ; ' ,
NEW assortment of catchy comedy pieces and
latest war recitations for parlor, platform oi
stage use, taught by Mrs. Kincaid at her
school ' of elocution and expression. £r!cazar
building. 120 O'Farrell st.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st. :
Individual Instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship, $50; low rates per week and month.
MR. AND MRS. DICKINSON'S Academy. 1247
Franklin st. : co-educatlonal boarding and day
school; complete English, French, German
and Spanish education, art. $30.
UNIVERSITY coach— Newell Perry, Ph.B.. Fel-
low in Mathematics. U. C. 2407 S. Atherton.
nr. Channlng way. Berkeley: write for circular.
ENGINEERING School: civil, electrical, min-
ing. mech. survey, assay, archlt. : day & eve.;
est. 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculations, taught In
shortest time. TARR. 572 Parrott building.
LEO COOPER'S school of acting, elocution,
pantomime and stage technique. - £14 Geary st.
SHORTHAND taught in 1 month; references;
private lessons: terms $10. 712 Van Ness -aye.
~~~ DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth, $6; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted ten years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty: fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50: all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. : telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St., nr. 11th;
no charge for extracting when plates are
made: nM plotes made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set: extracting, 50c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE ■>. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
■without plate, removed from 6 to 20 O Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth. $5 up: fillings. Be up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
Ings. 997 Market St.. cor. Sixth.
NEW YORK methods at New York prices by
New York dentists. 963 Mission, cor. Sixth.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
~~ LOST.
Ti->«ST nn Market ft . bank books of Hlberla
bearing names of Henry Hufschmidt
and Babette < Schmidt. Leave at 623 Golden
Pare avenue. Reward. . .
LOST-On last Wednesday evening, plain gold
ring with Inscription: neighborhood o Ur-
kin and Geary sts. Reward at 903 Larkin st.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-Cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr..
SS and 40 Eighth st.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
- Fend 'to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama st.; tel. S. 40.
J. McQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet-Cleaning Co., 453
Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WOLCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relaid at 3c.
STRATTON, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
st.; cleaning 3c a yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Onte aye.; tel East 126. ____•__
STORAGE.
piJEßcl^RTirpo^^
office Tenth and Market; telephone South 166.
FURNITURE, trunks, etc. Golden West Stor-
age warehouse. 840 Mission st.; tel. Mint 1-21.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
W ant «ds and subscriptions taken.,
: , TYPEWRITERS.
ALL. typewriters MM an(rrentedr~few"partiy
«'£ -It a i . v hen ?J ■ send tor samples and
Prices- ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery.
N s?r« Hammond. $35; callgrarh. $25; Hllck.
$12 50; get samples. SCOTT, 333 Montgomery.nUSINESS CHANCES.
$10."0— INTEREST In beer bottling association
of leadiiiK brewery; this share clears above j
■ <-:.".; per month; a rare chance; owner 13 en- I
• gated in other enterprises and cannot attend. j
Particulars WILKE, 845 Market Kt. j
$600— CORNER grocery and bar in the very
choicest business location; connected with 0
livipe rooms and doing a rushing cash busi-
ness, must be sold at once; sickness cause
for It: investigate and make your oner. Call
n.Ki.:. s;,:> Market st.
$500— RESTAURANT and chophouse; doing a j
first-class paying business; close to Market j
and East Ets. ; low rent; investigate; owner
mini leave at once and no reasonable offer j
refused. Call on H. G. WILKE, MS Market. i
A— $1000; SALOON In the very best location. ]
Western Addition, doing a first-class paying |
business; owner engaged In other business;
must sacrifice; not all cash needed. WH— — Si ,
m.' Market st. -
A— s4oo; PARTNER in first-class paying busl- ,
nees, on Kearny st., near Market, clearing
easily $250 per month: no opposition; a rare
chance For particulars, WILKE. 8*5 1 Marlcet.
$12t'O— CIGAR store and stationery, on Market
st., near ferries: nrst-clat.s paying: low r«at;
a genuine bargain; Investigate at onos; a
rare- chance. ILK: S4D Murket^s^
$2SiiO— CORNER saloon- down town: on Market
St.; no competition; aoing excellent business;
room, for large increase; could he enlarged
Into wholesale and retail liquor concern: no
bettttr - location in town for such purpose;
sickness cause sale. .LEPS, 765 Market
J 3ROCERI and bar best comer on |
Fourth st.; rent only 130; eooJ horse find (
wagon; large stock; big bur trnde;_ an Al ,
offer; worth looking into. 11. LESb, •<> .Mar- ;
ket st. j
$500— RESTAURANT near East Bt.; fine trade,
both transient and regular; supplying crews,
etc.; private rooms for captain? and officers,
money making concern; best on city front.
M. LESS. 765 Market st.
$150— _ARK_T-ST. cigar store central: neat,
inviting stand; bound to draw custom; rent
t\! 50; laundry office attached pays rent; an j
unprecedented offer: un unequal; pacriflcftl
departure for East cause of sale. M. Ll^S,
765. .Market St., pp. Pheland build
$126— DOWN-TOWN saloon near Kearny »t. ;
well fixed up; more than value In ""Ight ;
Kreate«t bargain ever offered. M. LESS, 785
Market st.
$225— CORNER cigar store In good business lo- 1
cation on Ke»rny st. . good chance for buyer;
must be .'.. M. —ESS, 765 Market .-;■. op-
posite Phelan building.
$400— BRANCH bakery, cigar, notion store;
south of Market St.; 4 living room*: no op-
position; present owner there six years; do-
Ing well; must b« aulcl at once; party going j
East; great bargain. M. LESS. 743 Market.
$400— PARTNER wanted In the manufacturing
of staple goods; steady man required. Me- ,
LAI OHI & CO.. 23 Kearny st. '
$3000— BAZAAR plumbin.? and tinware busi-
ness: stock worth the "rice asked; rolling
on account 0' departure. McLACGHLIN _
i CO.; 23 Kearny St.
$l? 0— PARTNER wanted In licht business:
clear. $50 month each. McLAUGHLIN. 23
Kearny st.
$500— BAKERY; old established, good business;
4 rooms and kitchen; cheap rent; fine horse
and wagon. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 23 _e_rny. j
$260 — Fruit Ftore; 4 rooms; horse; wagon;
clears JTo month. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 23
Kearny st.
$125--CORNER grocery and bar; 4 rooms; rent
$20; bargain. McLAUGHLIN, 23 Kearny st.
$200— FRUIT and vegetable stand; Western Ad-
■ ditlon; $12 Uay guaranteed; trial given; a bar-
gain City Agency, S5O Market st.
$3bo— PARTNER wanted; light business: Indoor
work; no night or Sunday work; experience
not required; trial given; $20 to $20 a week
ea^-h can be made. I Geary st., room 2.
A— FIRST-CLASS restaurant en Market st. '.
receipts $30 j.er day; price $250; $150 cash.
__ROGERS & HYDE. 1206 Market st.
A— RESTAURANT and building; long lease of
ground: good stock and fixtures; rent $25; re-
ceipts $10 a day. ROGERS _ HYDE. 1206 '
Market st.
A — BRANCH bakery: 3 furnished rooms: bar-
gain. $125. ROGERS & HYDE, 1206 Market.
A— CIGAR store; receipts $350 per month; cea-
tral. ROGERS & HYDE. 1206 Market st.
A— CANDY and Ice cream parlor; best In city:
owner retiring from business. ROGERS &
_HYDE. 1206 Market st.
$500 — WILL secure partnership in splendid pay-
ing business In live town near city doing
$tif>o monthly; no opposition; must be man of
strict integrity and a baker; references given
and required; fullest investigation courted.
City agency 650 Market st.
GOOD chunce for right party; dry goods and'
gents' furnishings for sale, at reasonable :
price. Transfer corner, 1203 Union St. I
$S00 — ROAD house and merchandise store on j
main road near mines; worth double; party !■
having .mi places. Inquire 1833 Suiter st. — '
FIRST-CLASS saloon downtown on Market
st. ; superior location for wholesale and retail j
liquor business; a bargain. Address 523 Baker.
FOR SALE— ISc barber shop, 2 chairs, fine pic- i
tures; best location;' good paying- business.
MEYSEL, 1504 Park St.. Alameda.
FOR Stationery, Cigars and News
Agency; a bargain; cheap rent. Address F., i
Box ISO. Call. I
$100C — GOOD coffee and lunch house; centrally
located; no agents. Box lIS. Call office.
FINE fixtures of a cigar stand for sale. 33
Third St.; stand to let.
LAUNDRY route, with horse and wagon, for
Bale cheap. 19 Scott place.
$125— SALOON at 1111 Mission st. ; must sell
to-day.
2000 ACRES of coal land in one body on Coos
Bay, Oregon, lying south of and Joining the
Newport Tract, the best known and most
fuccessfully worked vein In Southern Oregon. •
It lies 3** miles from deep water at the en-
trance of Coos Bay proper, with a depth of
2' • feet of water, with good anchorage and [
the best natural advantages for a coaling
' station on the Pacific Coast. This tract con-
tains two veins, the upper at an average
depth of 150 feet, 4 feet In thickness; the sec-
ond vein, 150 feet lower, averaging ( feet, and !
known as the Newport vein. Notwithstanding i
the depth of these vein? thsre is tree drain-
age to three-fourths of the field. There Is also
timber enough on the tract for all mining
purposes. For further particulars apply to
NEIL MUNRO. box 16, Marshfleld Or.
SALOON at a sacrifice; must sell account of
sickness; price to suit the buyer; don't miss ;
the chance. JOHNSON, California Broom
Mfg. Co., Seventeenth st., near Howard.
RELIABLE partner wanted with $2500; well
established business. Box 24. Call office.
BEST-PAYING restaurant in Oakland; promi-
nently located corner 2 principal streets; no -
opposition; clearing $200 a month; sacrificed
for $660; reason for selling, owner compelled
to go to Europe; trial given before buying. j
Address Owner, Call office, Oakland. ■
GOOD grocery and saloon In Hayes Valley for
sale. Apply Call office.
CANDY and cigar store; 3 living rooms; j
furniture; cheap rent; sacrifice; sickness !
caupe of sale; with or without furniture. 628 I
Third st.
GOOD, chance for right party; well established
gents' furnishing goods business for sale at
a reasonable price. Apply to P. W. ANDER- 1
SON, 2S San Pablo aye., Oakland. J
BAKERY and candy store; No. 1 location; cash !
trade; also spring wagon, cabinet-maker's
bench and foot-power circular saw. 1601
Brush et., Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS butcher business for sale cheap !
on account of sickness. Apply at once box
138, Call office.
ENTERPRISING man can secure an Increas-
ing income Of $500 yearly for a loan of $300.
all room 20, 12 Telegraph aye., Oakland.
SALOON; billiard table and 7 furnished
rooms; cheap rent. OLSON, 309 Third st.
SOBER steady plumber and tinsmith can take 1
long-used shop In center of town St. Helena; 1
German preferred: rent $10 month. Address
ROSSI & ANDERSON. St. Helena. I
BARBER shop In a good, live, growing town
Tn Oregon; 2 chairs; good paying business; ■
will give trial; sell account sickness. Apply
WILSON, &0» Guerrero st.
FOR Bale A first-class grocery and bar; must
be sold on account of departure to Manila.
Inquire WICHMAN, LUTGEN _ CO., 31S
Clay, st. ■
WA'XTKP— Tenant for good plumbing shop at
Lorin Station. Berkeley, Apply It. WAN-
NENMA'CHER. 108 Fourth St.. Ban Francisco. |
FOR Sale— a well eked grocery and bar; i
old established business: run by owner 6
years; rent cheap. Apply Call office.
FINE large store on southwest corner Oak and
. Devlsadero; rent $30; or will give lease. In- '
quire on premises.
SALOON and 7 furnished rooms for sale;
cheap, lifi Poison st.
$1000— GROCERY and saloon for sale; no oppo-
sition; fine location. Apply Call office.
HALF or whole interest in gO paying butcher
shop; cash business: elegant fixtures; central
' location, p.. box 3. Call office, Oakland. . .
$400-SAt.OON establUhed for many years; 6
living rooms tor man and wife. Apply Call.
RESTAURANT! cc , ntl ; a '"- *"od business: sell-
ing on account of sickness. Apply at Call.
FOR SALE-2 old-eEtabluhed groceries and
bars; price $1250. Box an, Call office.
FOR SALE— Corner grocery and bar; $200 8418 1
Mission st.
FOR wile— route at San Jose For dot-
tlculnrs apply at Call business office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
. W. CAS WELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
127 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9-30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
, tions and want ada taken. J
BUSINESS CHANCES—
A— s3ooo; PARTNER in established wholesale
pickle manufactory: clears $6000 yearly; part-
ner retiring. KREDO & CO. -
CANDY manufactory and Ice cream par-
lor: elegant soda fountain; near theaters
KREDO _ CO.
CANDY and Ice cream parlor; elegant fix-
tures; good business; make offer. KREDO
, & CO. - /
FOR sale— Half interest in barber shop; cheap.
19 Mason St.
$1100— HOTEL and bar; near depot and boat :
landing; 40 rooms. KREDO & CO., 22% Geary. ;
A— MEAT market; $2000; monthly; nothing bet- '
ter Cor practical butcher; make offer. KREDO
_ CO.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES"
FOR SALE— Trip to Dawson City and a year's !
provisions. Apply at 1801 Market »t.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
h".~C. DECKfcR?~" " " "~ '""'*'■"
1020 MARKET ST.. OPPOSITE FIFTH.
10-room house; only ;,.,. 1150
30-room house; clears $?:a> 2500 :
21 rooms; corner; clears $_v '. 1000 I
46-room house; corner , 1400
15 rooms; fine corner $00
24 rooms; clears $100 000 ,
19-room boarding house 1400
14 rooms; elegant furniture; cost $2200.... 1300 i
40-room house; only 160 cash.... »50
14 rooms on Powell st.; new 750
14 rooms; transient; clears $ir,o 1400
26 rooms on Mission; new 1500
60-room house; corner . ....  1600
15 rooms; near City Ha 11..'.!"....'.'.'....'.'.'.'... 500 i
18 rooms on Post «L; clears $100 1000 ■
36 rooms; clears «200 1500
CO rooms; clears $100; only -750
42 rooms; elegant corner; clears $400 3600 j
22 rooms; new and rood: $300 cash 800
10 rooms; all rented: business meet 300 !
26 rooms; on Market; clears $200 600
23 rooms; new furniture; clears $150 ll'OO
100 rooms; corner; beet on earth 650«
H. C. DECKER.
1020 MARKET ST.. OPPOSITE FIFTH.
A— 4o ROOMS; near Baldwin $3300
14 rooms; pick up 150
-0 rooms; rent $50 675
26 rooms; sunny corner... 1 950 :
15 rooms.; new and good 650 I
32 rooms; sunny corner; running water... 1750
14 rooms; transient 450
S3 rooms; select: transient corner 1800 i
10 rooms; rent $30; Golden Gate aye 300 :
_ rooms; fine sunny corner 1400
82 rooms; clears $200 monthly....*. 2500 j
31 rooms; fine for transients; part cash... 1050 i
£.> ms; near Baldwin; cheap 600 |
26 rooms;, transient: best In city 1500 !
15 rooms; sunny corner; a snap 650
11 rooms; Van Ness aye 275
_ rooms; rent $80; come quick 1500
14 rooms; good transient house. O'Farrell 1200 i
22 rooms; new: near Tlvoll 950
22 rooms; rent $70.. 660 j
■J ■'■ rooms: Market St.; clears $2CO; cheap.. 1250
ROGERS & HYDE. _M Market st. (L. W.
Rogers, formerly clerk for H. C. Decker.)
KREDO & CO 22V6 Geary st. |
Money to loan at low rates
105 rooms; clears $3000 yearly $5500
60 rooms; Market St.; exchange for realty 3500
61 rooms; Sixth st. ; exchange for realty. 2600
48 rooms; family house; Geary Ft 2000
42 rooms; apartment house 2800
20 rooms; housekeeping; pays well 800
13 rooms; clears $50; central.... 850
10 rooms; Eddy St.; rent $40 750
9 rooms; corner Mission st.; a snap 850
9 rooms; O'Farrell St.; give-away 225
Other good bargains. KREDO A CO.
WINSTON * CO.. 646 Market st
21 rooms; central; aheap at $f>so
23 rooms; rent $70; receipts $115. ..........
25 rooms; rent $60; only 400
31 rooms; corner! rent ISO; bargain 12"i
34 rooms; Post st. ; worth J30M.... :....... 1600
40 rooms; offices; rent $100 4600
45 rooms; Geary St., near Powell; elegant 3750
IN the best lodging house locality, Powell near
Baldwin: rent $100: 22 moms well furnished.
A. M. . SPECK & CO.. 602 Market St.
RENT or sell— Best lodging house; best loca- ;
tion ; newest and best beds. F. J. DECKER,
71Ui Mission st. :
A— slso; roornlnp house: must Sell to-day. Ap- j
■■•■>■ D. Melt A-EV 827 Mission <■
. CLAIRVOYANTS.
kro^_^omalS ~~
THE OCCULT wonder.
Can tell your mother's maiden name; name
of your sweetheart or husband; full name of j
every caller. Invaluable advice on all affairs
of life, law, business, love, marriage, di- 1
vorce, etc. Unites the separated, causes
speedy marriage. Satisfaction guaranteed or .
no fee accepted. 826 Eddy st. I
MRS. DR. E. .1 MOORE, 1104 Market st. i
CVendome building)— Trance medium: unites
the separated: changes luck: locates buried
treasures; letters answered; Inclose stamp.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
sight: diagnose disease, full life reading: la.
50c. gents $1 ; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. LENEMAR fortune by planets: predict- I
ed in '74. overdue stmr. people on island. 23 : .i
Sixth, room 6.. . •
WILL be absent from city for short time;
watch for announcement of my return. MRS.
DR. F. CLARK, 1206 Market St.
MME. MOREAU. best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently: business
advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune !
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
MME. STBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture. 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past,
present and future: 25c. 14S Sixth St.. room 10.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first In her pro- j
fession: never falls: advice: help. 929 Post st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MME YOUNG'S ' convincing test circle to-
night, mo. 605 McAllister st. ; come, skeptics.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance,
8 p. m.. 25c. 409 Leaven worth st.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia St.; read-
ings, $1; clr. Tues.. Frl., 2 p. m.; Sat. 8; 25c.
M FRANCES, Independent slate writing me-
dium. 118 Halght st. __^ I
MRS SHAFFER, test and business •medium; '
sittings dally. 212H Sixth st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test and busl-
neps medium. 232 Ptncktnn st.
PALMISTRY.
MRS CHANDLER— Lecture Sunday eve. 305
Larkln: readings daily at res.. 353 Geary st.
HYPNOTISM
OCCIDENTAL Hall. 305 To-night: sick
healed; classes forming. Dr. S. TURMAN.
AdmUslon free. j
HYPNOTISM taught, diseases and habits cured;
send for Journal. CAL. INSTITUTE, 402H Geary
-.-,. MEDICAL.
ALL Ladies— only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles.
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated^ no
delay; self-cure sent: call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market
st.: pills. $1; very strorwr. $2; cure. $5.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of I
monthly Irregularities (from whatever cause) 1
in a few hours; safe and sure at all times |
when others have failed: no Instruments used; ,
travelers helped at once; home in confine- '
ment; every case guaranteed; consultation j
free and confidential; self cure, $5; pills, $1.
MRS. DR. WYETH. 208 Turk St., near Jone».
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed |
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi- i
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef- ]
fects; taken in time It also acts as a pre- j
ventive; price, $160 per box, pent free by
mail on receipt of price: consultation on all ]
special diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 33
Urant aye.. S. F. A Caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
NEW process for female trouble; no matter
from what cause; no medicine or i Instru-
ments UReci: restores in one day without fall;
every woman her own physician; away dis-
grace: consultatUv free; can be sent and used
at home: pills and capsules. $1: cure, $5: by
the well-known DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all I
cases of monthly Irregularities from what- !
ever cause: no Instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office. J": traveler* helned Instantly
home for patients: consult free. DR. and
MRS. KOHL, 1122 Market st.
LADIES Chit—ester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), bent; :afe, reliable; take
no other; «end 4c stamps for particulars,
"Relief for Ladies": letter by return mall; at
druggists. Ctitchester Chemical Co., Phlla.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro; price
$160: RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay st.; send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., 631 X st., Sacramento, Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEOENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.. private home in confinement, with every
comfort; belt care and attendance; terms
' moderate; Infants adopted into good homes.
A'.PKAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D.: don't delay until too late.
OSOOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal.
MRS. DR. SCHWARTZ, home In confinement;
treatment, $2 "0. S:'2 Castro St.. Oakland.
DR. HALL. 1228 Market st. diseases of women
and children. ,
MRS. ARCHBARD. midwife: home In conflne-
ment: confinement alone. $5. IRS Second st.
i_rrnciAira. "
DR. C. C. O^DONNELL," office and 'residence^
1206 ■ Market; - diseases of women « a specialty.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 19, 1898.
HOI'SES TO LET.
AT 715 Sutter, near Taylor— Unsurpassable for
doctor or dressmaker; workroom 25x35: choice 1
for business and residence combined.
BAY- WINDOW house 4 rooms and basement;
210',s Perry St.; rent $12 50; water free. Apply
to Q. H. UMBSEN _ CO., 14 Montgomery st.
BUSH, 2132— House of 11 sunny rooms; rent $35;
all modern improvements.
ELEGANT S-room houses; Sixth aye., bet. Cali-
fornia and Lake st». ; prices will surprise
you. MARCUSE & REMMEL, «28 Market at.
ELLIS, 1472, nr. Buchanan— 6 r. and b. and
planked basement.
GOLDEN GATE aye., nr. Webster— lo r. and
b. ; modern Improvements; $50.
HEALTHY house of 6 rooms and bath; laun-
dry; convenient; $12 per month; oars pass the i
door- 1700 San Jose aye., below San Mateo I
electric power-house. MRS. H. R. BCHMUCE.
HOUSE 34 rooms; bath; newly painted and
renovated; central. Apply H. C. DECKER,
1024 Market st.
HOUSE, 6 rooms; fine condition; healthy loca-
tion; rent $8. 1655 Kearny, near Greenwich.
HOWARD. ISOf Sunny house of ( ror.ns with;
all modern improvements; large basement^
HYDE, 416H— House of 4 large sunny rooms; i
rent cheap to right party. Inquire 418 Hyde^
MINNA. 323-2-story house of C sunny rooms;
In good order. Key next door.
NEW fi and 8 rooms houses with bath; parlors
decorated; basement; yard; marine view:
$27 50 and $30. Leavenworth, nr. Lombard st. j
TO LET— House on Jacl.son st. hill; seven
rooms and bath; nice yard, garden and fine
view; rent $30 for a good tenant. Apply 1210
Jackson ct.
WE can rent you a house with or without a
fing pole. BALDWIN _ HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery et. .
ho^-TsUNNY roomsj yard and hall. 6tt Bowie
aye., off Eleventh st.
$60— ELEGANT corner house; 10 rooms, bath
and basement; hot air heaters throughout.
425 Baker, cor. Grove: call bet. 10 and 4.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
TAYLOR. 810 — Completely furnished sunny
house, 10 rooms and bath. Call between 1:30
and 4 p. m. ______________
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE: three sunny rooms, yard, base-
ment; cheap to small family. _70 Folsom
st., near Ninth.
COTTAGE, 14 Ford st., off Sanchez, between
17th and 18th; 5 rooms, bath; garden.
MODERN cottage, B rooms, bath, basement,
large yard; $14. 812 Potrero aye., nr. 20th St.
NEW 6-room cottage; bath, large basement,
modern improvemts; reasonable. 2925 Webster.
NEWLY renovated cottages, 5 rooms,_ bath;
large basement and yard; cheap. 1576 Flf-
teenth ?t., near Dolores.
FLATS TO LET.
Jilt ANNAN. 723, above Sixth— A nice flat of 8
rooms; $7, $5.
FLAT, 8 rooms, hr.ll, yard, $8. 184 Hickory
aye., near Gough st.
FLAT of C sunny mums; also cottage, 4 rooms.
Second st. and Rlncon aye.
FLAT, 6 rooms nnd bath. SH Lewis St., oft
Taylor, bet. Sutter and Post^
1 1 >!..-•'.%; MO, bet. sth and 6th— 6 r. and b. ; $14.
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
FULTON, US— Fine sunny middle flat 7 rooms
and bath; near city Hall; $2*.
OF^RY HIT — 4 nice rooms: bath: toilet; cellar;
ya.nl: furnlMied: hall; gas; $18: water free.
pAVES, ss 11 * -Nice flat, « rooms and bath; re-
duced to $17.
HOWARD, S62— Brick bldg; 5 r. and b. ; $25.
ASHTON _ OARDINEK. 411 Montgomery at.
JERSEY, 339, near Castro— Modern bay-window
fiats; 5 and 6 rooms; basement; $12 and $13;
water free.
LANGTON. S7— sls; sunny flat, 6 rooms and
bath.
116 V Perry st.; $10; flat, 4 rooms.
E ASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.. 63S Market.
LOWER flat 5 rooms and bath; modern; yard;
basement. 214 Twelfth st.
MCALLISTER. 1723, nr. Broderick— Br. and b. ;
rent $25. ASHTON CO., 411 Montgomery 6t.
McALLISTER. 2<M6— Sunny bay-window flat v
rooms and bath; rent $15.
SEVENTEENTH. 3907. corner Market— Modern
bay-window sunny 7-room flat; cheap.
SUNNY corner flat of 5 rooms and hath; rent
reduced to $17 50. 458 Haight. cor. Flllmore.
SITTER, 16138, nr. Octavia— 7 r. and b. ; $30.
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
VALPARAISO, 120, off Jones— Flat, 5 sunny
rooms In good condition; rent, $11.
VALENCIA, 469. nr. 16th— « r. and b. : rent $16.
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery St.
WE can rent you a flat w'.tb or without a flag-
pole. BALDWIN _ HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gamery et.
2 NICE sunny flats. 3 and 4 rooms: rent $9 and
$10. 2<Ml Harrison St.. opposite Eighteenth.
$7— THREE rooms: large yard; sanitary' plumb-
ing. 727 Minna St., near Ninth.
HOOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ALASKA PLACE. 5. off Mason, below Bay st.
— 1 or 2 furn. rooms; housekeeping; $4 each.
APK to see the $11 solitaire diamond ring; ask
to see the $16 solitaire diamond ring at
UNCLE HARRIS', 15 arGnt aye.
AT 52 Second— Nice single, double and light
housekpg rms; week. $1 to $2 50; day, 25 to t>oc.
BUCHANAN, 602, cor, Fell— Bay windows;
kitchens; others en suite; $6 to $9.
; CLAY, 1026—3 large unfurnished rooms; house-
keeping; good order.
ELLIS, 618— TWO sunnyfront rooms; gas stove;
private family; other rooms $8.
i FIFTH, 348— Suite of rooms furnished for
housekeeping; rent cheap.
FOLSOM, 64(5 — 2 sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; ras stove; bath; running
water; no children.
i FOLPOM, 810 — Sunny front room with kitchen,
i complete for housekeeping; no cnudren; nice
and quiet.
GROVE, 202, corner Van Ness— 2 and 8 sunny
room sulte«, with gas range.
! HAVES, 46f«— Front room; nicely furnished; use
of kitchen.
HOWARD, 525 — 2 or 3 pleasant rooms, fur-
nished complete for housekeeping; reasonable.
HOWARD, 762— F100r of 3 rooms, furnished or
unfurnished; also others for housekeeping.
HOWARD, 935^ — Nice sunny room with rigular
kitchen, complete; private bath; gas; cheap.
JACKSON, 920, near Mason— Furnished sunny
front large housekeeping rooms, $S to $S;
single. $4.
JESSIE, 440\4— 8 rear sunny rooms.
LAFAYETTE. 31, bet. Eleventh and Twelfth
sts.— 4 sunny rooms; rent $12.
LARKIN, 804— Large sunny front, neatly fur-
nished, $8; large sunny back furnished, 1 or
2 persons, $6.
MASON. 413— Nicely furnished sunny rooms;
BUitable for housekeeping; single rms.; cheap.
MINNA, 646 — To let, furnished rooms for house-
keeping.^
N ATOM A, 645— Two sunny, furnished rooms;
complete for housekeeping; yard; $11.
MISSION, 583— Nice housekeeping room, $1 50
week.
NINTH. 147— Large sunny front room; light
housekeeping.
POLK, 522— Front sunny unfurnished house-
keeping suite; also single rooms; nice and
(julet.^
POLK. 611—1 or 3 nice large sunny rooms with
kitchen, complete for housekeeping; gas
range ; bath.
POST, 505— Furnished rooms complete for
housekeeping; front and back; cheap; gas.
SECOND, 615— A sunny furnished floor, 3 rooms
nr. dbath;_rent_sW.
SEVENTH. 178— 2 large front rooms, first
flour, for housekeeping; large yard.
SOUTH PARK. 184—2 large sunny front rooms,
nicely furnished for housekeeping.
TURK, r,43- Large front room with Btove; com-
plete for housekeeping; gas and bath; $10.
TWELFTH, 122. between Howard and Mission
2 housekeeping rooms.
ROOMS TO LET.
A— SELECT home Hotel Florence 102 Ellis,
cor. Powell; elevator; baths; best attention.
APARTMENTS ; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co.. 22 Stockton st. ; trunks
moved to any part of city, 25c; tel. Main 4».
ARLINGTON Houae. 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single: flrst-claas
In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT 41S O'Farrell— Nice sunny rooms, single
and en suite; $7 up: everything first-class.
A'l 242 Stockton— Sunny rooms; pretty view;
fjUiet house; baths, gas: very reasonable.
BOHEMIA, 2J» Post. 2 blocks from principal
hotels; newly furnished; all conveniences.
CLARA, 112^4, near Fourth— Nice sunny fur-
nlshed room; private family.
CENTRAL, nicely furnished; full of roomers;
16-r. house; paying. Shoe store, 250 O'Farrell.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
CLIFFORD— 2O4 Ellis St., corner Mason— Sunny '
suits and single . rooms; prices reasonable. .
DELAWARE. 1433 — Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms. ; $8, $10 mo. ■
EDDY, 111— Elegantly furnished suites or rms.;
with or without housekeeping; reasonable.
EDDY. llS— Pleasant front suite, 2 beds; other
sunny rooms. $5 up; also housekeeping.
EDDY. 318— Sunny suite and single rooms;
newly furnished.
ELLIS, 418 (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
| rooms and suites for gents, $1 50 to 13 week.
ELLIS, 720— Furnished single front room; suit-
. able for gentleman.
FOLSOM, 820, near Fourth— sl week and up;
nice, clean, sunny single and double rooms.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms; suites or single. MRS. H. HYER. ■
GEARY, Elegant suite sunny parlors suit-
able for artist or doctor. .
GIRARD House, cor, " Howard and 7th — Nice |
sunny rms. : also housekpng.; very reasonable. '
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— Per night, 25c to | '
I $1; week, $1 to $4; reading room; Howard cars.
i GRAND SOUTHERN, S. E. cor. Seventh and ;
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
GRANT, Furnished sunny front bay win-,
dow rooms; double and single; $2 50 per j
week up. -; < >'/-. ■
GROVE, 305— Sunny furnished front and back
parlor, en suite or single.
HANCOCK House. "SI Mission— Select family
rooming house: $1 60 to $6 per week.
HYDE, 232— Nicely furnished sunny rooms
from $5 month up; bath and gas.
HYDE, 1105 (Hotel Unfurnished
sunny corner suites; running water, bath and
gas; first-class every respect; terms reasnble.
JONES, 207— Nicely furnished suites and single
rooms reasonable; gas, water, bath; central.
JONES, 2056— Furnished front bay-window
room; $7.
MCALLISTER. Nicely furnished single
and double rooms; reasonable; opposite City
Hall. ■
MINNA, 667, comer Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week. _______
NINTH, 20, near Market— Sunny room; running
water; gas; $6.
OAK, 119— Small furnished front room suitable
for one ' or two; $6.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms, ele-
vator, electric lights, day, week or month.
POWELL, 415%— unfurnished rooms in rear.
SEVENTH, S2SV4— 3 nice large unfurnished '
rooms; rent cheap to small family.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTEENTH, 2902, corner Howard— A large
front furnished room; $5.
BUTTER, 1111— Nice front suites, $12 month;
single rooms, $5; nice housekeeping suite.
TEHAMA, 308, near Fourth— Nicely furnished
sunny rooms, $3 . to $5 per month.
TAYLOR,. 323— Furnished double sunny room,
suitable for 2; gentlemen preferred.
TURK, 126— Nicely furnished room suitable for
gentleman; $5 per month.
TO LET to a working girl, a neat sunny front
i room; lcrse closet, running water; use of i
I laundry and bath; in private family; rent $5. j
Apply 318 Laguna St., between Oak and Page.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
FAMILY desirous of obtaining a comfortable
home with elegant rooms and unsurpassable
board at reasonable terms can find the same
at 803 Van Ness aye. -i : , .vi <•
I HYDE, 1105 (Hotel Victoria)— Nice sunny rooms;
j bath, gas, telephone; with breakfast, $10 mo.
I FOLSOM. Swedish private boarding, with
room, $1 to $5 per week; nice location. *
SOUTH PARK. 159— Good table board. $3 per
week; with nice sunny front room, $4 week.
SUTTER, 1128— Nicely furnished sunny rooms;
first-class family board; nice grounds; rea-
sonable.
1 THE HEATH, 312 Eddy— Select family board-
ing house; first-class all appointments; hot
water every room; home cooking; terms mod.
i THE ORIEL— New elegantly furnished, sunny
Market st. suites, with board for 2, $40 per
month:, single rooms accordingly.
THE Bingham, 807 California— Sunny rooms,
with good board; reasonable; home cooking.
VAN NESS aye., Beautiful sunny rooms;
modern; newly furnished: with board.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
ONE child boardedTTovelyifome and mother's
care. Box 638, 'all ''
! FRENCH lady r boards • children or Infant;
I mother's care; nice home. 1107 Clay st.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
I Subscriptions and ads taken. •
STORES TO LET.
CHOICE corner grocery store for rent, with
grocery and bar fixtures; complete. Apply
at 2223 Howard st.
CITY Hall Square. 17— Large light store, $50.
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
FOR rent In good country town. 2 small stores
finely located: cheap. Information at 6£C
• Market st. FEDERSPIEL.
NE. corner Pacific and Sansome— Handsome
large corner store, with or without basement;
cheap; • : '■ .
TO LET— Store, 226 Ellis, near Taylor; rent
JPf.
TURK 422, near Larkln— Store, $16. ASHTON
& GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
MARKET. 1704— Part of hair-dressing store;
reasonable: opposite Tpnth st.
OFFICES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building, 927 Market St.—
Light, cheerful offices. $15 to $20.
SAN- FRANCISCO Savings Union building—
Ellgant offices for rent.
FOR MISCELLANEOUS.
FRESH Holsteln cow; second calf; good
milker; reasonable. 1312 Folsom st.
FINE fresh cow for sale. 1724 Alabama st.
GRAPHOPHONES, $10; records, $5 per dozen;
proJectOßCOpe, $100. Bacigalupl, 933-946 Market.
RESTAURANT outfit, complete, at 32SG Mis-
I slon St.; cheap. Apply to A. O. COLTON,
Mills building.
FOR. sale— steam pump. F. _ G
THOMAS' Dye Works, 818 Eleventh st.
FIRST-CLASS windmill, 2 large tanks, brass
pump, pipes, etc. 711 Treat aye.
A FINE thing for a present; full line of
graphophnnes, $10 each and upward. PIERCE
& CO., 313 Emporium building.
I BOILER. 42x14, with ' steam drum, complete;
will test to 175 pounds. WHITE. 516 Mission.
i FRESH Al Jersey cow: choice animal for fam-
ily use; price reasonable. Sl5O Twenty-fourth.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St.. above Sixth.
FOR Small Otto gas engine. Apply sa-
loon, 1802 Seventh St.. Oakland.
$137 60— FISHER upright piano; good condition;
$10 down and $5 a month. 225 Sutter st.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl
goods; new, 2d hand. Smith Co., 527 Mission.
SCALE, safe, coffee-mill, desk, letter press,
cheap, at 621 Mission st. ; ,
J. R. POOL, house mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. So. 787.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. Fremont & Howard.
SAFES— New find second hand: cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc. 533 Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
BARB showcases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission St., nr. Seventh.
A WEEK' S| news for 5 cents— . Weekly j
Call. In wrapper, for mailing. ;> ■ !
SEWING MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer and White
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission at. j
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold; \
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, - exchanged, rented;
:■ repairing at lowest rates. 295 Fourth Bt.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no ' fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market, ; cor. Stocktn. ;
ADVICE free; no ' charge unless successful. - i
W. W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st. .
ALL private law cases, Insolvency, collections, i
, free advice: open «v. Atty McCabe, 103 Larkln. ;
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar- '
ket; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free .on - all legal - : matters. T. F.
:: STACK. 14 McAllister st. : room U. • j
PERSONALS.
MY wife.~FLORA FRANCIS BAILEY, having
left my bed and board, I will not be respon-
sible for debts contracted by her. PHILIP J.
BAILEY. 1141 Silver avenue.
JOSEPH GREVEN, vocal teacher, 1236 Market
St.. Is preparing for different concerts and
operatic performances of next season, where
several or' his pupils will sing leading parts;
participants of a large mixed chorus class
pay $1 monthly in advance.
BUSINESS PERSONALS.
PROFESSOR AND MRS. FOSTER wish their
friends and pupils to know they are still con-
ducting their dancing school at Mozart Hall,
1358 Market st; dancing classes every Tuesday
and Thursday; social dances every Wednesday
and Saturday; the waltx and reverse posi-
tively guaranteed.
THE best hair dressing for the least money of
any place in the city, 25c only; hair restored
to Its natural color for $1 50 up; good
switches, $1; finest, $3 50; extra, $5. Open
Sunday, 9 to 12. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton.
MRS. DR. SCHWARTZ, BG2 Castro st., Oak-
land; treatment, $2 50; reliable practitioner.
J. A. WOLF, formerly member of the tailoring
firm Curley & Wolf, S. F., is now in business
at rm. 11. Macdonough building, Oakland.
WHY gray hair or baldness: MME. HALLIS-
TRN has an infallible remedy. Room 10,
t'% Fourth st.
USE Quinonla and have a fine head of hair. G.
LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
LITHO engraving battle-ship Maine, framed
and unframed; framing with glass 7x9 inches,
10c; SxlO and 10x12. 15c; 11x14 and 12x16. 20c:
1-Ixl7. 25c; 16x20, 30c: 18x22, 35c; 20x24, 45c; 22x
28, 60c; curtain poles complete, 15c: rm. mold-
lng.all colors, lc ft;open eve.Jones,s47 Mission.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third st.. near Market: 200 rooms,
25c to $1 50 per night ■ »1 60 to $6 per week ;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MRS. JOHNSON'S new method of electric mas-
sage, salt baths and herb cure. 579 Geary st.
CONTRACTOR for sinking wells and drifting
tunnels for water. J. G.. 408% Grove st.
J. HAUPTLI'S Hair Store has removed to 1036
Market; hairdresslng, popular prices.
HOME In confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth St., Alameda.
SUITS to nrder on easy Instalments. L.
T MOS. 1117 Mar'.-.et st., bet 7th and Bth.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
DRESSMAKERS.
CHILDREN'S dressmaking reasonable. 1012
Scott St., near Golden Gate aye.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
rnllce-e SIR Market st.
TO LEASE.
TO lease for a term of years, lot on the west
side of Taylor st., bet. Golden Gate aye. and
Turk st.; size of lot, 45:6x52:6. For particulars
apply to owner, 712 Guerrero st.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS— For the leasing for five years of
two blocks of land, known ns "Market
Places," bounded by Channel, Irwin, Hud-
son and Fifth streets. Office of the Clerk of
the Board of Supervisors of the City and
County of San Francisco, July 10, 1898:
In accordance with Resolution No. 892
(Fourth Series), of the Board of Supervisors,
scaled proposals will be received in open ses-
sion of the Board of Supervisors on Monday
afternoon, July 25, 1898, from 2:30 to 3 o'clock
for the leasing, for a term of five (5) years,
the two blocks of city property situated on
the south side of Channel street, and known
as "MarkPt Places," bounded by Channel,
Irwin, Hudson and Fifth streets, under the
following conditions, to wit:
CONDITIONS— The lessee shall. where
necessary, fill in the said blocks, and the
said blocks must be to the official grade at
the expiration of the lease.
That in no event will the city and county
agree to give an entrance or approach by
land to the said property, as the lessee will
be required to procure a rijjht-of-way by
land, if desired or required, at his own cost
and charge.
The lessee will be required to give a bond
in the sum of five thousand ($5,000 00) dollars,
with two good and sufficient sureties thereon,
that the conditions herein required will be
strictly compiled with, and on failing to com-
ply with any of the said conditions, then the
said lease shall thereupon terminate and be
of no force or effect, and ttie amount of said
bond shall be forfeited, and shall be paid, or
collected by suit for the city and county, as
liquidated damages for such failure and neg-
lect.
All improvements made by the lessee on
said blocks shall at the expiration of the
lease revert to the city and county.
Bidders will estimate and state the amount
tiny will pay monthly as rental for the two
blocks jointly, with the distinct understand-
ing that the lease will be made to the highest
bidder therefor, and that the payments on
said lease shall be made monthly to the
Mayor of this city and county.
The party to whom the lease may be
granted will be required, prior to or at the
time of the t-xecutlon of the lease, to pay
the cost of advertising this notice in three
daily newspapers.
In order to preserve uniformity and to facil-
itate the granting of the lease, the Board has
resolved to receive no bids unless made upon
blank forms prepared by the committee, and
a certified check for the sum of one thousand
($1,000) dollars deposited by the bidder with
and made payable to the Clerk of the Board
of Supervisors, conditioned If the prop, sal
be accepted and the luaee granted; and if the
bidder shall fail or neglect to pay the print-
Ing charges and sign the agreement, and give
the required bond within six days after the
said lease is granted, then and In that case
the said sum shall be paid Into the City and
County Treasury by said Clerk as liquidated
damages for such failure and neglect.
Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
The Board reserves the right to reject all
bids if the public good so require.
JNO. a. KUSSELL. Clerk.
PLANS and specifications invited for an hos-
pital building— clerk's office, Board of Super-
visors, San Francisco, March 12, IS9B.
In accordance with Resolution No. 797
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors,
publice notice is hereby Riven to architects
that competitive plans and specifications for
the ertx-ilon of an hospital building will be
received in open session of the Board of Su-
pervisors on MUNDAT AFTERNOON. Sep-
tember 12, IS!'S, between the hours of 2:30
and 3 o'clock.
The proposed building is to be of modern de-
sign and to be constructed of stone or brick,
or of both, with all the latest scientific im-
provements required as to construction and
Banit&tlon, pqual to, if not superior, to any
building designed or contracted for hospital
purpuaes, as are indorsed by medical author-
ity as being indispensable In the construction
of such a building.
The said hospital building to be erected on
the lot of land selected and approved by the
Board of Health, described as follows:
Commencing at the most southeasterly cor-
ner of a tract of land known as and desig-
nated on the official map of the City and
County of Ban Francisco rs the "Almshouse
Tract." and running thence due north along
the easterly boundary line of said Almshouse
Tract seven hundred and sixty-five (765) feet:
thence due west five hundred and fifty (550)
feet; thence due south seven hundred and
sixty-five (765) feet to the southerly line of
the said Almshouse Tract; thence due east
along the said southerly line of the Aims-
house Tract five hundred and fifty (550) feet
to the point of commencement; containing
9.65.1 acres.
The said plans and specification to be so
prepared that the cost of the building shall
not exceed in the aggregate the sum of three
hundred thousand ($300,000) dollars, which
sum must cover the entire expense for the
erection and completion of the proposed
building.
NOTlCE— Architects will prepare and sub-
mit with their plans and specifications for
said hospital building an itemized estimate
of the cost of said building, the statute re-
quiring eight (8) hours to constitute a day's
work with a minimum rate of wages of two
($2) dollars per day, for persons employed on
said building, with the distinct understanding
that no plans or specifications will be enter-
tained or- considered of buildings the aggre-
gate cost of which are estimated to axoeed
the sum of three hundred thousand ($300,000)
dollars. Also that the architect whose plans
and specifications of the building are adopted
will be appointed architect and superintend-
ent of the building at a compensation of five
(5) per cent of the total cost, and will be re-
quired to give a good and satisfactory bond
or bonds, as the case may be, to insure the
completion and construction of the said
building for the amount of the estimate of
the c»st as made by the said architect. The
architects submitting plans and specifications
determined by the Board to be second, third
and fourth in merit will receive premiums of
$1000, $750 and $r,OO respectively, with the un-
derstanding that any features of said plans
and specifications which may be considered
useful or necessary be embodied In the plans
adopted may be used without further cost or
charge. JNO- A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
LEGAL NOTICES^
NOTlCE— Assessment Book of Real and PerT
sonal Property, 1898.— Office of the Clerk of
Board of Supervisors of the city and county
of San Francisco, City Hall building, second
floor. July 6, 189 S.
Public notice U hereby given, In accordance
Wiin section No. 3654 of the Political Code,
that the Assessment Book of the City and
County of San Francisco, for the fiscal year
1898, has been completed and delivered to me.
as Clerk of the 1 .ard of Super -_ors, together
with the map books and statements, and will
be open for examination in this office from 9
o'clock a. m. to 4 o'clock p. m., and that said
Board of Supervisors met to examine the As-
sessment Book and equalize the assessment of
property therein, on Tuesdiiy afternoon, July
6, 1898, at 2 o'clock, and will ..Hereafter con-
tinue in session from time to time until the
business of equalization presented to them is
disposed of, but not later than the ISth day of
July. IS9B.
Applications for correction of assessment of
real estate and personal property are required
to be verified by oath.
Public notice is also given that, in accord-
ance with sections 1597, ISB9 -nd 3664 of the
Political Code, the Military Roll has been com-
pleted, delivered over to me, and is now open
for examination and correction, as provided by-
law. JNy. A. RUSSELL, Clerk.
 CITY REAL ESTATE.
H^siE^A^Jo^H^R^Tr^Trrrrrrr. ~. -~~—
.......... CHOICE PAIR OF FLAT5'..........
........ ONLY $3575 ONLY $3575
JUST WHAT YOU WANT ......'........:;.".:.
...LOCATION WILL SUIT YOU
...... THE HOUSE WILL PLEASE YOU ......
...... THE PRICE WILL SATISFY YOU
••• ONLY "576 ONLY $3575
Two elegant flats of ; 5 and 6 rooms, baths,
brick foundation/stationary wash tubs foun-
tain closets, etc;. large lot front and rear gar-
dens; bituminized street and stone walks-
choicest bargain in the city. • . .. -
.... SEE 1T...... Y0U WONT BE SORRY .. .
IT'S A GOOD THING ....?„„?.
AND YOU'LL BUT IT
HERMAN MURPHY, 638 Market st.
TWO flats for sale on 2936 California St., near
Baker. Inquire at 30S Pacific St., cheap.
PLANS, specifications, etc., submitted for any
kind of building. W. W. REDNALL, builder
1326 Hayes.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS..
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
175 UPWARD; lots In the Allendale Tract, East
Oakland: $5 cash, $5 monthly.
$450 for a 4-room cottage; terms to suit; $125
upward.
Lots in Gallndo Tract, East Oakland: nothing
like these lots for double the money anywhere;
but few left and must be sold; fine school
house: 2 electric car lines; streets all graded
and macadamized; city water and sewer: nice
homes surrounding. Call or send for circular,
455 Seventh st., cor. Broadway, Oakland. H.
Z. JONES, owner.
$3250— $4500; new'7-room house; up-to-date
Gothic style and latest improvements; near
business center and local trains. J. S. MY-
ERS, 1002 Broadway. Oakland Cal.
OFFER wanted— A pair of flats, 6 rooms each;
Market-st. Station; paying 15 per cent inter-
est; must be sold. J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broad-
way, Oakland, Cal. ;
NEW up-to-date 6-room house: cost 1 year
$2500; an offer of $1500 would not be refused;
$1000 can remain on mortgage. J. S. MYERS,
1002 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
$1450— COTTAGE, the latest style; lot 40 feet
front; 5 minutes to business center; bank
mortgage on property $1350 at 8 per cent can
remain. J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway, Oak-
land, Cal.
J. CALLAGHAN, real estate dealer, notary
public: property looked after. 814 Broadway.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to ? any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 60, postage
paid. • ■
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
RESIDENCE: 9 rooms: bath; barn: larg« lawn;
tennis court; conservatory; rent cheap; cen-
tral; 589 24th St., nr. Grove. Apply owner, R.
FRANK. Oakland Pickle Fact.. 1822 Grove.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
FURNISHED 8-room house; nice grounds: cen-
tral; to let. Z.. box 12. Call office. Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
SUNNY rooms with board; quiet neighborhood;
near local trains. 1020 Adeline st., Oakland.
ALL conveniences; new furniture; housekeeping
or single; board optional; $3 month up. 670
Broadway. . .
OAKLAND ROOMS.
NEWLY furnished sunny bay-window rooms
and offices. 4*6 13th St., corner Washington.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHELL^
HAAS' old store, 408 Eleventh st. See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
SPECIAL NOTICE. ■ \ ~ "~" ""**
FIRST COME. FIRST SERVED.
JUST LIKE PAYING RENT.
$1200. $1700. $1800. $2200. $2600, $3000.
The above are lovely cottages which have
been thrown on the market for non-payment
of Installments, and they are now offered at
a great sacrifice to close accounts. They con-
tain 4, 5, 6 and 7 rooms, and are finished up to
date; almost new, and are located near schools
and stations.
We are going to weed them out, and invite
Inspection. MARCUSE & REMMEL,
Bay-st. station, Alameda. and 630 Market st.,
San Francisco. Open Sundays and holiday?.
FOR sale immediately, cheap, house and lot
35x115; 5 rooms and bath; all new improve-
ments; 2 blocks from Grand-st. Station; 1825
Pacific aye.. Alameda. GEO. SCHNEIDER,
. Alameda. _' .-..:•
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In ', the United
States, postpaid, for $160 a year. .
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
GREAT Bargains— s2ooo, 8-room house, lot 60x
137:6, rented for $22: 1 block from station; iJso
6-room cottage, $1350. FREESE & CODING-
TON. 2119 Stanford place, opp. Berkeley Sta.
BERKELEY HOUSES.
RENT $35; 8-room house, partly furnished:
shade trees; lovely home place. ■' Apply 2207
Blake St., block east of Dwlght way Station.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
A COTTAGE In Los Gatos for rooming-house.
ROGERS & HYDE, 1206 Market st.
A FINE house and lot in Oakland (clear) for
San Francisco property; will assume mort-
gage. ROGERS & HYDE, 1206 Market st.
$1000 FOR two Park building lots; light mort-
gage : Instalments or exchange. Box 34, Call.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest . rates, without
removal; no commissions: no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
$5 UP to any amount on indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or Jewelry; all business
strictly confidential; private offices. M. E.
DOUGAN & Co.. 230 Kearny st., upstairs.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 948 Market st. : tel. Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell st.
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate; 2d !
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro- j
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rra. 3. j
SECOND mortgagee & undivided interests in '
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
ON pianos, furniture; no removal; lowest rates; !
no commission; private. 116 McAllister st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken. " ♦- ■..-.*■>..-,■
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Frederick Behrlnger and Lizzie Eccles 21-18
Jesse E. Roberts and Alice M. Miller.. ..22-19
Munro Rodriguez and Laura C 0510.... 21-18
Ollnto Puccinilll and Mila Marianl.. 28-19 j
Henry Spuhler and Veronlque Peter 31-31
John R. Rucker and M. Deanltla White.... 23-21
Arthur J. Douglas and Annie Reinhardt.. 3s-25
William M. Simpson and Hettle J. Steele.. 24-19
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES—DEATH&
Birth, marriage and death notice* i sent by
mail will f not 'be inserted.: They must be
handed in at either of the publication offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence of I
persons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
CHILDS— In this city, July 18, 1898, to the wife
of Dr. B. N. Chllds, a son.
MADISON— In Pleasanton, Alameda County,
July 17, 1898, to the wife of Harry N. Madi-
son, a daughter.
MAINS— JuIy 12, 1898. to the wife of .A. J.
Mains, . a son.
RIESE— In this city, July 16. IS9B, to the wife
of Charles A. Riese. , a son. : -
MARRIED.
ROBEY— KELAGHER— July 18, 1898, at the
Paulist Church, by the Rev. Father Otis, '
Arthur E. Robey of England and Maggie ■
Kelagher of San ■ Francisco. :
SOYER— JULIAN— In Oakland. July IV 1898.
by the Rev. A. H. Needham. George A.
Soyer, sergeant Troop I, Fourth United !
States Cavalry, and Eliza F. Julian of Oak-
land. - ' ■ . ■ -...■■• ■ . . '
DIED.
Boysen, Margery . Kautz, Mrs. Anna •
Brewer, Frank King. Jessie i
Bruse; Emllle M. . Locke, Samuel
Cochrane, Ann Milne, John
- Conant, Charles W. : Moreton. Mrs. L.
Crlllei, Washington Peguillan. Emlle
Dyer, Clarence H. Perry. ' Thomas H.
Flynn,. Juliette M. Roaenthal, Mary A.
Gallwey, David : Smith. John
Gelst. Lillian W. Sullivan, , Theresa
Greenlaw. Florence Warnholz, Marie
Griffin, Helen , Whear, . Samuel J. r
Hanson, Charlotte ; ■ Witt, . George .
Johnson, : James '
BOYSEN— In Oakland, ' July 18, 1898, : Margery,
Infant daughter of Richard and Ella Boysen,
a native of Oakland, . aged 2 months.
BREWER— In ' this : city, . July '» 18, 1898, Frank ■
Brewer, a native of Germany, aged 65 years. j
BRUSE— In this, city, July 18, 1898, Emllie M.
W., dearly beloved daughter.' of Bernhard; F.
and Margarethe Bruse, and s'.ster of Bern-
hardlne : Bruse, ' a native of Si\n Francisco,
aged 2 years 7 months and 18 days.
(C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents, 1100 A Golden Gate ave-
nue, corner Buchanan street. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery. -
COCHRANE— In San Rafael. July 18. 1898. Ann,
beloved wife of Michael Cocbrane. and mother
of Mrs. Maria Preatzel, Mrs. Catherine Dowd,
: Mrs. - Ellen Byrnes and Annie, John T..
James W., Patrick H., Michael F. and Lulu
Cochrane, a native of Newtown, County Ros-
% common, Ireland.
[T7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
July 21, 1898, from St. Raphael's Church, San
Rafael, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, at 10
o'clock. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
CONANT— In Glen Ellen. Sonoma County, July
IS. 1398, Charles W., beloved son of A. F. and
Mary R. Conant, and brother of Arthur and
Marian Conant, a native of San - Francisco,
aged 20 years and 6 months.
CRILLEI— In this city. July 17, 1898. Wash-
ington Crlllei, a native of New Orleans, aged
. H years 4 months and 25 days. A member
of Occidental Lodge No. 6676. A. O. F.
IRe mains at the undertaking parlors of
H. C. Bunker & Co.. 2666 Mission street. Mis-
sion Masonic Temple. Notice of funeral In
' Wednesday morning's papers.
DYER^-In this city, July 18, 1898. Clarence
Henry, youngest son of John and Nora Dyer,
1 a native of San Francisco, azed 1 year 2
. :•'• months and 4 days.
FLYNN-In East Oakland, July IS. 189S, Ju-
liette M. Flynn, mother of Albert H. and
Helen A. Flynn and Mrs. F. E. Shellaber-
ger. .'--'.^ :.
GALLWEY-In this city, July IS, 1898, David,
beloved husband of Abbie Gallwey, father
of Catherine «: and Hannah Gallwey, brother
of Frances Gallwey, and : brother-in-law of
Eugene, James, Patrick and Margaret Sulli-
van of Port Costa, a native of County Kerry,
Ireland, aged 26 years. -' ■
(C?* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the! funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday)', at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, • 314 Vicksburg street, between San-
chez and Church., thence to St. James Church,
where a requiem high) mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
A. O. ' H. — Officers and | members Division No.
11, A. O. H.: You are hereby notified to at-
tend the funeral rof our deceased brother,
David Gallwey,' from ' his late residence, 314
Vicksburg street, . to-morrow ' ( Wednesday)
morning. Fines -for - non-attendance.
D. FITZPATRICK, President.
E. J. HANNON. Rec. Sec. .•
P. J. KELLEHER. Fin. Sec.
GEIST— In this city. . July 17, 1898, Lillian W.,
dearly beloved daughter of William and Ra-
chel Geist.' and sister of. Mrs. F. Reeb,
a native of San Francisco, aged 26 years 11
months and 18 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-,
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her parents, 1102V2 Eddy street. Interment
Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by 2:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets.
GREENLAW— this city. July 17. 1898. Flor-
ence Janett, beloved daughter of Annie C.
and John B. Greenlaw, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 year 3 months and 27 days.
p7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 135% Perry street. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
GRIFFIN—In this city, July 16. 1898, Helen,
beloved wife of Anthony Griffin, and dearly
beloved mother of John P., Michael A.,
Theobald M., Mary, Nellie, Millie and Gerald
Griffin, a native of Ireland. (Boston papers
please copy.)
[CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 309 Oak street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, corner Fell and Fillmore
streets, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. . "—±. '*■-■■'■■ •*:.: : - -'. ■'>:■
HANSON— In this city. July 17, 1898, Charlotte,
wife of the late Charles Hanson, and mother
of William H. Hanson, a native of New Ha-
ven, Conn.
ICTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 11" o'clock, from her late
residence, 1208 Van Ness avenue. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by special train.
Please omit flowers.
JOHNSON— In Oakland, July 18, 1898. James,
beloved husband of Catherine Johnson, and
father of James Jr. (deceased), Frederick C
and Otto J. Johnson, Mrs. Albert Grunlnger,
William Johnson, Mrs. F. G. Wight, Mrs. F.
R. Woolsey and Catherine M., Selma L., Julia
V., Dagmar A. and George W. Johnson, aged
61 years 10 months and 22 days.
ICTFrlendß and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday, July 21, 1818, at 2 o'clock, at the
Masonic Temple, corner Twelfth and Wash-
ington streets, Oakland. Services under the
auspices of Live Oak Lodge No. 61, F. and
A. M. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
KAUTZ— In this city. July 17, 1898, Mrs. Anna
Kautz, dearly beloved mother of Albert H.
- Ehret. the late Fred Ehret and Mrs. G.
Hourcade. a native of Canton Basel. Switz-
erland, aged 72 years 9 months and 10 days.
< r Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment I. O. O. F. ...Cemetery.
KING— In this city. July 17. "SOS, Jessie, be-
loved wife of Thomas King, daughter of
Mrs. Catherine Nelson, and sister of Mrs. G.
Lammars, Mrs. Joseph Nichols, the late Cath-
erine and the late Gracie Nelson, a na-
tive of California, aged 20 years.
IE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
• dence, 2919 Twenty-second street, between
Harrison street and Treat avenue. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
LOCKE— In this city, July 18, IS9S, Samuel,
beloved husband of Alice E. Locke, a na-
tive of New Hampshire. (Exeter, N. H., pa-
pers please copy.)
(n?"Fripnds ari acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
: (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from B'nia B'ritta
Hall, Eddy street, under the auspices of Pa-
cific Lodge No. 136, F. and A. M. Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
MILNE— At sea, May 1, 1898, John, beloved
husband of Katherlne Milne, and father of
Jessie and Elda Milne, a native of Dunbar-
ton. Scotland, aged 45 years.
MORETON— In this city, July 15, 1898, Mrs.
Lillian, beloved wife of the late William
Moreton. a native of England, aged 57 years
and 11 months.
PEGUILLAN— In South San Francisco, July
18, 1898, Emlle, dearly beloved husband of
Bridget Pegrullian, and father of Mrs. P. C.
Troy and Emile J. Branlce 1., Bre, John,
Eleanor and Eugene Peguillan, a native of
New Orleans, La., aged 60 years 6 months
and 11 days. (New Orleans papers please
copy.) ■ - J'-iS&vrXi
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1606 Fourteenth avenue. South San
Francisco, thence to All Hallows Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing r.t 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
PERRY— In Oakland, July 18, 1898, Thomas H.,
beloved ' husband of Catherine Perry, and
father of. John Perry, a native of County
Tyrone, Ireland. -
ROSENTHAL— this city. July 17, 1898, Mary
Annetta, beloved wife of Alfred A. Rosen-
thai, mother of Errol and Vera M. Rosen-
thai, daughter of Margaret Nolan, and sister
of Ida Nolan and Mrs. D. Lyons, a native
of San Francisco, aged 25 years. (Sacramen-
to and Stockton papers please copy.) j-ci .
IC7" Friends, and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from 1623 Bush
street, ' thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at
10:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
SMITH— In . this city. July 18. 1898, John, be-
loved husband of Minie Smith, and father of
Mrs. M. J. Kennedy, Mrs. E. C. Hughes and
William F. Smith, a native of Ireland, aged
70 years and 10 months. ; ■
Friends and r quaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1:45- o'clock, from Odd Fel-
lows' Hall, .corner Seventh and Market
streets, under the auspices of Templar Lodge
No. 17, I. O. O. F. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by 3:30 o'clock ; train from Third
and Townsend streets.
SULLIVAN— In this city, July 17. 1893, Theresa
Sullivan, ' beloved mother of Mrs. J. B. Ken-
ney and Annie and Thomas Sullivan, a na-
tive of Dublin. Ireland, aged 52 years 2
months and 7 days.
• ■ (ny Friends ■ and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 653 Willow avenue, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
WARNHOLZ— In this city. July 17. IS9B. Ma-
rie dearly beloved mother of Fred. Charlie, •
He'n-y William and Herrman . Warnholz, . a
natl\-» of Holstein. Germany,' aged 76 years
8 months and 25 days.
."(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H F Suhr & Co.. 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
WHEAR— In this city, July 17. IS9S. Samuel J.,
dearly beloved husband of Hattle Whenr, a
native of Cornwall. England, aged 34 years.
. try Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
' ■ (Tuesday) at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Valente, Marlni & Co., 1524 Stockton street,
thence to Laurel Hill Cemetery. ,;
WITT— this city, July IS. IS9S, George Witt,
beloved father of Henry Witt, a native of
Germany, aged 66 years. ..'.-■.
I' McAVOY & GALLAGHER,
FUKKKAL DIRECTOKS & KMBALMEB3
it JkllTH ST.. Opp. Lined a BoaJJt.
i'.i«ii Telephone, 6outh ML
JAS. ENGLISH. S > :T. R. CAREW.
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND > EMBALMER3L
: :; ';' FUNERAL DIRECTORS.
41 Van Ness aye., near Market St., Sa»
Francisco. Telephone 60. US.
1112
TWELVE RIVER BOATS
BOUND FOR DAWSON
MAY BE WRECKS
Left Seattle for St. Michael on June 2
and Although Long Overdue Have
Not Been Heard From.
Lowness of the River May Prevent Further Navi
gation of the Yukon-Storms Scatter a Pas
senger Fleet From the Sound and Many
Tows Are Lost.
The appalling news has reached this city that a fleet of twelve river steamers designed to ply on the
Yukon between St. Michael and Dawson have disappeared on the high seas somewhere between Seattle and St.
Michael. They are more than a month overdue, and they have not been heard from since they passed out
of sight of land on leaving the Sound. Other steamers and sailing vessels have met with misfortune on the
way up, and many of them lost the barges laden with valuable cargo which they had in tow.
The river steamers built for the Yu
kon trade have beon wonderfully un
fortunate. So far out of the dozens
that were constructed here, in Portland
and on Pupet Sound only two will reach
Dawson City this year. These are the
Louise, put together at Unalaska, and
the Leah, built at St. Michael for the
Alaska Commercial Company. Accord
ing to the report of E. Anders, Collec
tor of Customs at St. Michael, the
steamer National City lost her tow. the
James Eva; the Conemaugh lost a river
steamer and a barge, the bark Rufus
E. Wood lost her river steamer over
board, the old tug Governor S^onernan
lost a barge with a large quantity of
freight when the river broke up, and
the twelve steamers sent out from Seat
tle by the Moran Brothers were counted
among the missing when the St. Paul
left St. Michael. Apart from all this
the miners were very Indignant because
ex-Mayor Wood of Seattle had failed
to brinK on six tons of mail that had
been sent on the steamer Alliance, and
had it not been for the military there
would probably have been a lynching
bee. To add to the woes of the miners
the river was so low that it was the
general opinion of everybody who
knows the country that unless there are
some heavy rains the only boats that
will Ket up to Dawson will be those that
were loaded and ready to start when
the Pt. Paul sailed.
In talking about the state of affairs
at St. Michael when he left. Collector of
Customs Anders said yesterday: "The
pteam schooner Alliance left Seattle
about the middle of June for St. Mich
ad with about six tons of mail aboard.
Ex-Mayor Wood secured the contract
from the Government for carrying the
mail and chartered the Alliance to do
the work. Instead of going direct to
St. Michael she stopped at Dutch Har
bor and lay there waiting for her river
steamer to be completed, which she wag
to tow to St. Michael. The steamers St.
Paul, Roanoke, Grace Dollar, Bertha
and Port all offered to take the mail on
for her, but the captain refused to part
v.-ith it, saying he would deliver it him
self.
"The majority of the miners on the i
Klondike are working on shares and
u'il were anxious to know what they ;
were to do during the coming year, i
Many were anxious to come to San
Francisco and were expecting instruc- :
tions by the first steamer up. In order i
to be on hand when the steamer ar- !
rived hundreds of the miners had i
worked their way down the river and \
had been living in the hotel or wher- j
ever they could get accommodations at
St Michael, awaiting the arrival of the
mail. When the news arrived that the
Alliance was lying in Dutch Harbor j
with six tons of mail on board awaiting
the completion of a river steamer the !
wrath of the miners knew no bounds.
When told that the St, Paul and other
eteamers had offered to bring the mail
on to St. Michael and see that it was
forwarded up the river It made matters
even worse. The only explanation of
fered was that the river steamer had
to be completed In order to taJce the ,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
' -r. J
Soon after I was taken 111 my hair com-
menced to fall, so that each day more came
out than I thought I had in my head. I was
turning gray rapidly. Finally I became afraid
to have it combed, but the nurse said that
wouldn't do, and used vaseline to keep it
In, then used beef's marrow, then quinine
tonic, and finally (Ccticttea ointment), which
. helped it immediately. Tho nurse said she
rubbed up a fine white dust from the scalp
where she could sea nothing before com-
mencing, and the scalp looked healthier and
more natural every day. Now I haven't as
many gray hairs as when I commenced using
CcncußA, and I have a crop of fine brown
hair all over my bead about an inch and a
half in length. I only lose a few hairs when
combing every day, and always more gray
than brown. My nurse is delighted because
the new hairs are brown. I never had very
luxuriant hair, even in my youth. It is as
thick on my bead today as it ever was, and
Cuticuka did it. Mrs. J. M. LAWSON,
March 5, 1808. 302 Hamilton St., Albany, N.T.
————— -■
LUXURIANT LUSTROUS HAIR
with a clean, wholesome scalp, free from irritat-
ing and scaly eruptions, la produced by warm
shampoos with OrrnctrßA Soap, followed by
light dressings with Ctrrictriu, purest of emol-
lient skin cures, tho most effective skin purifiers
and beautlflers in the world. They clear the
scalp and hair of crusts, scales, and dandruff,
destroy microscopic Insects that feed on the hair,
soothe irritated. Itching surf aces, stimulate the
hair follicles, and supply the roota with energy
and nourishment. ■
Sold throughout the world. Pom* D«p« JJtj> Cm*.
Sr^JEflwoital JUir,' mtu.4 frM.
I mail on up to Dawson, and that there
was no use in bringing it on to St.
Michael until the boat was completed.
, The miners wanted to compel ex-Mayor
• Wood to send after the Alliance at
once, and one word led to another un
til the ex-Mayor of Seattle would have
1 been roughly handled had it not been
that the soldiers interfered. When we
left St. Michael the mail had not ar
rived and the majority of the miners
had gone back up the river again.
"I have been stationed at St. Mi
, chael for four years and during that
time I have never seen the river as
low as it was when we left, while old
residents told me that in ten years
they had never seen so little water in
the Yukon at this time of the year.
There were about forty vessels lying
at St. Michael and those who had dis
charged their freight and passengers
into the river boats would be all right.
They will get back to their home
ports. Those that had not discharged,
but were waiting for river boats to
come along, will probably have to re
main there over the winter or else come
back with their freight and passengers.
The big British steamer Garonne from
Victoria, with 3500 tons of freight, was
lying five miles outside of St. Michael
harbor. Owing to her draught she
could get no closer, and as her goods
were all in bond there was no chance
of discharging them, so she will have
to take her load back to Victoria, B. C.
"The steamer National City arrived
in port after a stormy passage. After
; getting through Unga Pass and into
j Bering Sea she had to face a regular
Arctic storm. They say that the river
steamer James Eva, which she was
tmvirg, broke in two and went down.
I Her hog chains snapped with the work
ing of the vessel, and when they went
( there was little to hold her together.
■ Captain Hatfleld. his wife and the other
1 passengers, who were on the James
j Eva. got aboard the National City in
safety. When we left St. Michael they
; were on board the bark Rufus E.
Wood, which 'he Alaska Yukon Trans
! portation Company is using as a ho
: tel."
Continuing, Mr. Anders said:
"Among the safe arrivals was an outfit
on which I wouldn't travel very far by
water. It was the river steamer Clara,
which was towed up by the Samoa on
the barge Monarch. They had a rough
time of it. but got there all right. All
the transportation companies will lose
money this year and the chances are
that very little freight will get up the
river. None of the steamers being built
at Dutch Harbor for the Alaska Explo
ration Company will be ready in time
for this year's trade, and only one of
the Alaska Commercial Company's
steamers will be ready in time. The
latter company is all right, as far as
transportation goes, however, as it has
all its last year's fleet on the river."
In a letter to the Lynde-Hough Com
pany Captain Herriman says that the
James Eva broke in two and went
down and that the steamer Port also
lost her tow from Dutch Harbor. The
captain of the Grace Dollar and the
captain of the bark Rufus E. Wood
wrote to their owners to the same ef
fect. Robert Don, who built the river
steamer Leah for the Alaska Commer
cial Company, also says that the James
Eva went down, while Captain Haynes
of the St. Paul and Captain Erksine,
the pilot, state positively that the river
steamer is lost. In the face of all this
the Alaska-Yukon Transportation Com
pany asserts positively that the James
Eva is safe and sound at St. Michael.
They say that the purser of the St.
Paul has reported her safe arrival
there to Louis Sloss Sr. ; that four mi
ners who came down on the St. Paul
saw her at St. Michael, and are hurry
ing through their business here in or
der to catch her on the return passage.
Captain Hatfield has been heard from
indirectly by the officers of the com
pany, but not a word comes from him
In regard to the loss of the vessel. This
the president of the company considers
as conclusive proof that nothing had
happened to the steamer.
The bark Rufus E. Wood had a stern
wheel steamer on her deck when she
left San Francisco, but it was washed
overboard in Bering Sea. The lashings
broke and away it went. It belonged
to the Osborn party of gold hunters
from Redlands.
The Conemaugh took on several river
steamers at Seattle. They were built
of iron and were piled up higher than
the steamer's pilot-house. They were
washed overboard in a storm and a
barge that she was towing broke adrift
and was lost.
Robert Don, who left here last Sep
tember for St. Michael, came back on
the St. Paul. While he was away he
superintended the construction of the
steamer Leah and two 600-ton barges
for the Alaska Commercial Company.
Mr. Don thinks the chances for pas
sengers and freight getting up the Yu
kon are, to use his own words, "very
slim." "If they get rain all will be
well," said he yesterday. "If they
don't there will *be no more river
steamers get up the Yukon this year.
The first boat down was the St. Mi
chael, and when she crossed the Yukon
flats there was only two feet of water
on them. The next boat reported two
and a half feet of water and the last
one down, the Belle, had three feet in
which to navigate. At that point the
river remained stationary, but will be
gin to fall right away if there is no
rain. You see, the ice went out very
early this year, and that means very
little water on the flats, or, in fact,
anywhere else on the Yukon. With
three feet of water the first lot of
steamers may be able to work over the
flats, but should the river commence
to fall there is a very poor outlook for
getting passengers and freight to Daw
son.
"We left St. Michael on July 7 and at
that time there was no sign of the
THE SAIS FRAKCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 19, 1898.
Moran Brothers' fleet of river steamers.
They were all to go to St. Michael under
their own steam and after getting into
Bering Sea they must have caught it
Everybody at St. Michael had given
them up for lost, as they were then
more than a month out from Seattle
There were twelve of them to ply on
the Yukon, but whether they all left
Seattle or not I do not know. I do
know, however, that there have been
some terrific storms in Bering Sea, and
it would require a good steamer to live
through them. Of course, the steamers
may be at anchor in some safe haven
but all I know is that the people at St!
Michael never expected tc see them."
The Call's correspondent at Seattle
sends the following in regard to the
fleet:
The fleet of twelve Yukon River
steamers which Moran Brothers of Se
attle constructed left the Sound on June
2 with St. Michael as their destination.
Their ocean convoyers were the tugs
Resolute, Captain Tom Kilton, and
Richard Holyoke. Captain Klinger, and
the steam schooner South Coast.
The steamers that composed the fleet
(each vessel manned by a full crew)
were as follows: Pilgrim, Captain
Harry K. Struver: J. H. Light, Captain
Frank Grounds; D. R. Campbell, Tap
tain C. D. Brownfield; F. K. Gustin,
Captain W. D. Dobbins; St. Michael, J.
L. Fisher; Seattle, Captain R. McFar
land; Victoria, Captain C. F. Gilmore;
Oil City, Captain S. W. Wheeler; Rob
ert Kerr, Captain F. H. Berher; West
ern Star, Captain S. Hodgson; Tacoma,
Captain J. E. Drisco; and Mary E
Graff, Captain E. E. Stanford.
The flagship of the fleet was the
steamer Pilgrim, on board of which was
Robert Moran and Captain J. E. Len
non, chief pilot, who was to direct the
course of the boats from the Pilgrim.
The other steamers were to report to
her at stated times by flag and whistle
signals.
The Resolute had no tow and waa to
act as messenger steamer betw. ■• i. he
Pilgrim and the remainder of the fleet.
The Richard Holyoke had in tow five
big river barges, each of which had 150
tons of coal aboard. The South Coast
was loaded with coal. At Dutch Har
bor it was the intention to pick up the
four boats that the Morans built there
for the North American Trading and
Transportation Company. They are
the J. C. Barr, Klondike, Power and
Cunahy.
The twelve river boats built by Moran
Brothers were all on the same pattern,
and each cost $50,000. In length they
were 175 feet, beam 35 feet and depth
6.5 feet. These boats are Intended for
passenger and freight purposes, having
a capacity for 250 passengers and 400
tons of freight.
"Of the river boats that went up last
year," said Mr. Don, "some of them did
not get along very well. When the river
broke up the steamer Governor Stone
man lost her tow with all Its freight
and nearly wan wrecked herself. The
old Mare Island, that used to ply be
tween Berkeley and San Francisco, is
still tied up in the canal where she
made her home for the winter and will
never come out of it. She has been con
demned and her passengers got up to
Dawson the best way they could. The
Seattle No. 1, that went up with the
Wood outfit last fall, went on a sand
bar near Tanana when the river broke
up and was nearly wrecked. Luckily
she got off again and is now at Dawson.
All in all this Is going to be a decidedly
off year for gold hunters and transpor
tation companies."
When the St. Paul left St. Michael
the steamer Grace Dollar for Kotzebue
Sound was there awaiting the arrival
of the steamer Humboldt. Among
those who were going to Kotzebue on
her were Captain A. H. Herriman, who
goes up to look after the barkentine
Jane A. Falkenberg; C. Dickey, who
goes up to look after the barkentine
Catherine Sudden, and J. L. Wilson.
Of all the vessels that left here for
Kotzebue the only one sighted was the
Falkenberg, and she was spoken on
June 18 by the revenue cutter Bear on
the east end of St. Lawrence Island.
The captain asked to be reported as
"all well."
If the river steamer James Eva Is
lost the passengers who left here on
the Dirigo will be in a bad box. It
will be remembered that when the
steamer City of Dawson, which was to
have been towed up by the Dirigo,
was attached, arrangements were
made whereby the James Eva was to
take the gold hunters up the river from
St. Michael. In the event of the
steamer's loss the miners will have to
get up the Yukon the best way they
can.
MRS. MARCEAU'S HEADGEAR.
The Fresno Lady Sued for an Unli
quidated Milliner's Bill.
A complaint was filed in the Justices'
court yesterday afternoon by Charles A.
Lane, who holds an assignment from Mrs.
i M. J. Turner, a milliner on Sutter street,
against "Mrs.Amanda J. Fennell, some
times known as Mrs. Amanda J. Mar
ceau," such being the phraseology of the
j complaint. The person sued Is n«ne other
j that the ex-wife of the gallant Colonel
• Marceau, whose matrimonial differences
; were adjusted in the San Francisco courts
i a short time ago.
The attorney in the case is Frank Schil
i ling, and he is warm on the trail of the"
| dashing Fresno boauty, who, he says, has '.
| neglected to liquidate her milliner's bill, '■
I and even worse, if anything could be
: worse, from a milliner's point of view, as '
, the lady when waited on by the patient
i lawyer simply laughed loud and long in
, his face and said she. did not care fo 4
' court notoriety, and especially from the
milliner in the case, as the latter did not !
belong to the "smart" set, but rather to
■ what society people call "trash." This '
■ method of liquidating a bill for $49 55, for
I the choicest tints in ribbons and the most
[ costly tips from the plumage of pretty
birds was not quite to the liking of the
attorney or his client, and as a conse
quence the suit was commenced and thtj
power of the Sheriff's office invoked to
collect the amount, with costs, of course.
The indebtedness was created about
four months ago, when the dashing widow*
was on the eve of departing for Chicago.
She telephoned to Mrs. Turner for the
goods, which were to be delivered C. O.
D., but just then the banks were closeu
and would not open before the next day.
When that time arrived Mrs. Fennell,
sometimes known as Mrs. Marceau, was
speeding on' the way to Chicago. She re
turned a few days ago and took rooms
at 620 Sutter street, but only remained
there a short time. Her present where
abouts is unknown, much to the discom
fort of Attorney Schilling, as he is most
anxious to make the acquaintance of her
trunk, in which he believes she has her
diamonds and other valuables sufficient to
pay both himself and Mrs. Turner.
A NOTED ASTRONOMER.
Professor Geelmuyder Will Examine
Our Observatories.
A noted Norwegian astronomer, Profes
sor Geelmuyder, arrived in this city last
night from Christiania, where he is con
nected with the university of that name.
He has been sent by the Norwegian Gov
ernment to make investigations concern
ing the construction of isolated observa
tories. In Chicago Professor Geelmuyder
spent a few days with Professor Bar
nard and studied the setting of the great
i erkes telescope. He will go to Mount
Hamilton to-morrow and make a detailed
examination of operations at the Lick Ob
servatory. It is the Intention of the Nor
wegian Government to build a new ob
servatory on a mountain back of Chris
tiania about 1500 feet high, and Professor
Geelmuyder is delegated to make observa
tions on our observatories and report to
nis Government.
THE RAILROAD CASE.
Further Examination Will Be Re
sumed in Two Weeks.
When the taking of testimony In the
railroad case before Commissioner Hea
cock closed yesterday an adjournment was
taken to August 4. Expert Curtis occu
pied the witness stand in the office of R.
Y. Hayne in the Parrott building, wher*.
the case is being conducted, and was
cross-examined in detail as to the cost of
adaptation, that Is, of removing side
tracks, stations and other buildings. He
also told of the cost of the floating equip
ments, steamers, dredgers, etc, which he
estimated at a valuation of $2,474,471, or
$<85 per mile. The value of each bottom
! was given In detail. The big Solano he
; considers to be worth $351,000. The matter
of the substitution of masonry and steel
| for wooden piers was also gone Into. So
WHERE MRS. CARPENTER WAS STRANGLED.
The Room Was Securely Locked When Night Clerk Prieur of the Hub
bard House Gained Entrance to It by Means of a Duplicate Pass
Key. The Murderer Passed Out of the Door Secured by the Snap
Lock. The Door Which Was Barred by a Pair of Curling Tongs
Passed Through Two Eyes Led Into the Room Occupied by
Joseph yon Lochner, Who Is Being Held by the Police on Suspicion.
close was the examination that the At
torney General even went into the subject
of the witness' salary.
He said that when IS years of age ho
earned $50 per month while superintend
ing some tunnel work. When on the San
Joaquin Valley Railroad he got $200 a
month. On the Arizona division his salary
was $4000 a year, and as track superin
tendent he was paid $5000 annually. This
was increased to $6000 when he became
assistant to the general manager, but he
begged to be excused from answering
when questioned as to what he is getting
now, stating that his salary had never
been decreased.
NO ORDERS AS YET
FROM THE CZAR
HENRY SCOTT NOT INFORMED
OF ANY CONTRACTS.
Union Iron Works Officials Have No
Information as to I. M.
Scott's Success in
Russia.
The press dispatch from Berlin on Sun
day announcing the arrival there of Ir
ving M. Scott of the Union Iron Works
of this city and that his mission In Rus
sian had been wholly successful is not
credited by his brother, Henry T. Scott,
in this city.
"The dispatch is in error when It state*
that my brother was summoned to Rus
sia to confer with the Czar In regard to
Russian naval construction," said Hen
ry T. Scott yesterday. "We saw some
time since that the shipbuilding firm of
Cramps had secured contracts from the
Russian Government and we decided that
if there were any more ships to be built
we would be prepared to bid upon them.
It was in keeping with this determina
tion that Mr. Scitt wont abroad.
"Since ho left I have had but two ca
bles from him. Both of these treated of
his health and movements, but not one
word about business. He reached St. Pe
tersburg early this month and we have
no advices of his movements since that
time. 1 do not think he has closed any
contracts for several reasons. In the first
place he would hardly close a big. con
tract without consulting us or telling of
the progress of his negotiations. Had he
closed a deal his first thought would have
been to notify us of the success of his
mission. Russia may not be in need of
any fighting ships, so that his pilgrimage
may have been for nothing."
VALLEY ROAD MELTING.
The Yearly Election and Submission
of the Annual Report.
The directors of the Valley Railroad
will hold their annual meeting this after
noon to receive the annual reports which
will be submitted by the heads of depart
ments. The trustees will alao meet for
the election of a new board of directors
for the year IS9B-99. It is generally
thought that no changes will be made and
that the present board of directors in its
entirety will continue in office for an
other year. The present officers of the
Valley • Road are: President, Claua
Spreckels; first vice president. Robert
Watt; second vice president. Captain A.
H. Payson; directors— John D. Spreckels,
Leon Sloss. Alvlnza Hay ward, Charles
Holhrook, Thomas Magee, J. D. Stetson,
John A. Hooper and Isj».ac Upham. The
annual report it is claimed will show the
road to be in a very healthy state.
Ladles' tailor-made raits; latest designs; w«
Klv* credit. M. Rothschild, 211 Sutler, r. a A 7.
POLICE SLEUTHS
CANNOT UNRAVEL THE
CARPENTER MURDER
Much Valuable Time Wasted in Un
necessarily Looking for Evidence to
Support the Suicide Theory.
The Watch Owned by the Murdered Woman and
a Small Sum of Money She Was Known to
Have in Her Trunk Are Missing-An
Autopsy Held.
The Police Department is hopelessly at
sea in the work of unraveling the deatn
of Mr 3. Sadie Carpenter, who was stran
gled in a room of the Hubbard House, at
139 Fourth street, early Sunday morning.
Chief of Police Lece is satisfied that she
is dead, and holds as evidence the certifi
cate of Autopsy Physician John Galla
gher. Beyond the positive knowledge that
the unfortunate woman is dead Chief
Lees is in the dark. He started off with
the theory that Mrs. Carpenter committed
suicide and when the autopsy showed
that such was not the case he turned his
attention toward securing evidence to
prove that Joseph yon Lochner, the last
I person seen with her and who was ar
i rested on suspicion, is tho murderer.
■ There is not at present the least particle
I of evidence against Yon Lochner, but still
j he is locked up in the City Prison.
1 An investigation made by Call reporters
} yesterday brought to light the fact that
Yon Lochner, as far as known, was a
I friend of the murdered woman, and that
I there was no reason for suspecting him
of the crime The same investigation
1 showed that there were two other persons
who might have committed the murder
lnere is always a motive power back of
murder. In Yon Lochner's case there is
no -motive to be found. In the cases of
the other two jealousy and an<*er play an
I mportant part. It may be tnat neither
i Jealousy nor anger prompted the murder.
| The dead woman's watch is missing and
so is a small sum of money she is known
to have had in a trunk. She may have
I been the victim of a robber, or it may
I have been that the money and watch
were carried off to blind the detectives
and cause them to work on the robbery
theory. If the latter theory attains the
! murderer unduly credited Chief Lees with
j detective ability. There was no need of
I attempting to blind him, for he has been
blinded since the murder was committed.
The fact that he first took to the suicide
theory proved that he was unequal to tho
work of probing the mystery. While
working on the suicide theory much valu
able time was lost and the murderer given
■ an opportunity of covering up i.ie clews,
i that if at once followed might have result
j ed in nis speedy capture.
The murder was committed some time
after 1:15 o'clock Sunday morning, for
roomers in the house were awake at that
time and they did not hear any dlsturb
i ance. According to the statements made
, by others, they were awakened about 1:30
! o'clock Sunday morning by screams, but
| the night clerk in the office not over fifty
; feet away from the room says that he
I did not hear the disturbance. Lizzie
i Riley, another woman of the lower class,
' who occupied the room adjoining that in
j which the murder was committed, says
I that she did not hear the screams. She
; snys that she was awakened by a scuf
fling and that a minute later she heard a
gurgling sound as If some one was chok
ing. She did not venture out of her room
1 until she heard the door of Mrs. C.irpen
: ter's room closed with a bang and as she
got out of bed she heard some one with
| creaking shoes pass along the corridor
toward the stairway leading *o tho street.
I After remaining at her room door for a
I short time she ventured out into the hall
i way, and not seeing any one In sierht. she
! hurried (tin*— to the office to notify the
1 night clerk that she believed there had
i been trouble in the room occupied by
Mrs. Carpenter. Night Clerk Alphonse
; Prieur accompanied her back and rapped
on the door. There was no response. He
then turned his attention to the adiolnlng
room occupied by Yon Lochner and
rapped on th«» door. Yon Lochner an
swered and asked what was the matter
I Prleur requested him to get up as he
feared that Mrs. Carpenter was ill or that
something had befallen her.
Yon Lochner stepped Into the hallway
nnd remained there while Prlour went
I back to the office to get the duplicate key
!of tho snap lock on the door of Mrs
I Carpenter's room. They entered together
I and while Prieur was getting a match to
light the gas Yon Lochner stepped to the
side of the bed.
Prieur says that when he struck the
! light Yon Lochner was untying the
double knot, in a piece of shirt waist tied
I around Mrs. Carpenter's throat.
That is the-most damaging piece of evi
dence the police have against Yon Loch
ner.
Chief Lees looks wise and asks how it
j was that Yon Lochner should step to the
i bed and begin untying the knotted piece
of cloth before Prieur struck a light.
! Yon Lochner's reply is that the blinds of
the windows of the room, which face on
Fourth street, were thrown back and that
the rays from an electric light on the op
posite side of the Btreet illuminated the
apartment. Yon Lochner admits that he
1 was in the room about 11 o'clock Satur
day night atid that he assisted Mrs. Car
penter in prc-paring a flaxseed poultice.
When the police arrived the poultice was
on the washstand. This would seem to
indicate that Mrs. Carpenter had a later
visitor and before opening the door threw
oft' the poultice.
Lizzie Riley. who is better known as
"Spanish Lizzie," says that, the scuffling
in the room awoke her. It was then after
1 o'clock. When Prieur and Yon Lochner
entered the room they found Mrs. Carpen
ter in bed. The bed clothing was not dis
turbed in the least and there was no evi
dence of any struggle having taken place
on the bed. The counterpane was drawn
up close under the chin and the right arm
thrown across the chest. The piece of
shirt waist around the throat was evi
dently placed there after Mrs. Carpen
ter's death.
The only reasonable theory, judging
from the stories of the roomers in the
house relative to the scuffling, is that the
unfortunate woman was placed in the bed
after having been strangled on the floor
of the room. The cloth taken from the
throat is soft and flimsy and would have
torn had there been any resistance when
it was being tied.
There is a door leading from the room
occupied by Yon Loehner into the loom
in which the murder was committed. It
has not been locked by key for several
months. There is a screw eye on the door
and another on the jamb of the doorslll,
on the inside of the room occupied by
Mrs. Carpenter. To secure privacy when
she had company Mrs. Carpenter would
drop a curling iron through the two screw
eyes, thus bolting the door and preventing
and intrusion of any one from Yon Locn
ner's room. The curling iron was in piace
when Prieur and Yon Lochner entered the
room.
"Spanish" Lizzie says that Yon Lochner
and the murdered woman had a dispute
about two weeks ago, but that they soon
made it up. Mrs. Carpenter upbraided
him for taking a dollar out of her trunk,
and when he acknowledged that he had
acted wrongly she forgave him.
Mrs. J. O. Anderson, mother of Mrs.
Carpenter, is a strong defender of Yon
Lochner. She arrived here yesterday from
Monterey. She says that she has known
him for years and that he is a friend of
the family. "He was the best friend Sadie
had," said she yesterday, "and I think It
is wrong of the police to keep him under
arrest. lam certain that he knows notn
ing more of the murder than I do."
"Do you suspect any one?" was asked.
"I don't think it would be right for mo
to suspect any one," she replied tearfully,
"but I would like to know where Her hus
band was Saturday night. He treateu
poor Sadie in a shameful way. He marrieu
her last Thanksgiving, believing that she
had piles of money. When he dlscoverea
that he had made a mistake he deserted
her. Oh, how I would like to know whera
he W£s when my poor, unfortunate gin
was murdered."
It is known that Carpenter was here
about ten days ago and that he had an
interview with his wife. The police ar»
now ende.avoring to locate him, but pros
ably will not do so unless he volunteers
to call upon Chief Lees.
The dead woman appears to have been
dealing largely in "future husbands."
When her effects were examined Sunday
a letter was found from Sergeant George
Gilligan of Company F. Michigan Volun
teers, stationed at Chickamauga. He
signed himself, "Your future husband."
Another of the "futures" appeared on the
scene yesterday and fell in a fainting fit
when he learned of her death. He next
became hysterical and it was fully an
hour before he could tell his story
"My name is Albert Davis of Company
A. Sixth Regiment, stationed at Alca
traz," said he, between his sobs. "I have
only known Sadie three months," he con
tinued, "and I intended making her my
wife. I am a widower and I felt after a
short acquaintance with her that she
would make a good woman if she had a
good husband. I have given her money
to help her along and only a few week's
ago gave her $60, as she said she was in
need. I bet I could put my hands on the
■ well, I'm not going to accuse any
one. I would like to know, however, Just
where Fred Carstena of Company D of
the Sixth was Saturday night. He was
jealous of me because Sadie showed me
more favors. One night about two weeks
ago she lured him out of the room when
I came in and that made him angry. If
the police are unable to find the mur
derer I will devote the remainder of my
life in a search for him. If I ever find
him I can assure you he will never be
tried."
Carstens denied all knowledge of the
murder, and claims that he was in camp
at Fort Point all of Saturday night.
The report of Autopsy Surgeon Galla
gher ought to completely dissipate the
vision which came from the befogged
brain of Chief Lees, that Mrs. Carpenter
committed suicide.
Dr. Gallagher worked for three hours
on the body yesterday morning to deter
mine the cause of death, but cannot state
definitely whether it was caused by suf
focation or strangulation, but seems rath
er inclined to think it was a little of both
He found marks on the throat over the
windpipe. Underneath the marks the lar
ynx was badly injured and the trachea
was filled with foamy blood. There was
an extravasation of blood below the left
breast and the eyes were congested
In speaking of the case he said: "Judg
ing from appearances I would say that
the woman died from suffocation, caused
either by the flow of air being shut off by
pressure on the windpipe or by something
being placed over the face which would
shut it off from the mouth and nostrils.
3? c . i , nn J ur i es i° the larynx would indicate
that the hoad was thrown well back and
the muscles of the throat drawn tense.
Strangu ation and suffocation produce
practically the same effects on the lungs
so nothing can be drawn from their con
dition. The heart, liver and lungs are all
healthy.
"There are rare cases on record of per
sons strangling themselves, but they are
so Very rare that when a bona fide ense is
discovered it is generally the subject of
discussion at medical societies "
To show the utter absurdity of the sui
cide theory, which emanated originally
from the incompetent Chief of Police, a
Call representative last evening asked a
dozen or more reputable physicians of
this city to give their opinion on the case
of Mrs. Carpenter. This question was put
to the doctors: "Is it possible or prob
able that a weak, fragile, delicate woman,
weighing less than 100 pounds, could
strangle herself with a piece of cloth
wound once around her neck and tied In
a simple hard knot?"
All answered in the negative. The re
plies of only a few of the doctors are
here given, and these only to convince
the public that the senile Chief of Police,
realizing his inability to catch a criminal,
originally desired to show that no crime
was committed. Following are statements
by several physicians:
Dr. Robert A. McLean— lt is very un
likely that a woman could kill herself in
the manner you describe. In the first
place, she would not have sufficient
strength to draw the cloth tight enough
around her throat to suspend respiration.
It Is possible for a strong person to
strangle himself, or herself, but it is
quite improbable.
Dr. E. G. O'Connell— From what I have
read in the papers I am sure that the
Carpenter woman could not have com
mitted suicide. The report of the autopsy
surgeon is conclusive on this point. A
person might produce self-strangulation
by using a small string, which would slip
between the rings of the trachea when
tightened, but this would also cause con
gestion far greater than that found In the
case of Mrs. Carpenter. I do not think "
It possible to produce this effect on one
self. Great pressure must be brought to
bear on the windpipe to produce strangu
lation, and where a rag or a towel in used
more strength is required than the dead
woman seems to have had. As I under
stand her condition, she was slight and
weak, weighing not more than ninety or
ninety-five pounds, and her vitality was
greatly impaired. It would not have
been a difficult task for a man of ordi
nary strength to choke her to death with
a rag, but she could not have done It her
self.
Dr. Fred d'Eve!yn— The facts in the case
surely indicate a murder. It would have
been a physical impossibility for the wo
man to have strangled herself In the
manner described in the papers. Her vi
tality was very low and she could not
have drawn the towel tightly enough to
have prevented air from reaching her
lungs. The position of the rag and the
knot also bear conclusive evidence that
the force was applied by some person
other than herself. Then, too, the cloth
was too short for her to have got a good
grip on the ends after it was wound
around her neck. The knot being tied in
front does not indicate that she tied it
herself. It is possible that the murderer
choked the woman to death and then tied
the rag on her neck to lead to a theory
tnat she committed suleklo.
Dr. George Tate— The suicide theory is
ridiculous. I base my oponlon on the
facts as published In the "ipers. The
woman could not have strangled herself.
Another point which the police over
looked in this case was to secure a de
scription of the missing watch which was
taken from the room in which the murder
was committed. Last evening Mrs. An
derson, mother of the deceased, gave «.
definite description of the watch to a Call
reporter. It was an old fashioned hunting
case lady's gold watch, key wind, s"lightl£
worn, with a stork on one case, the other
being left plain for a monogram. The im
print of two baby teeth is on the rim.
A Coroner's Jury was impaneled yester
day, and after viewing the body was ex
cused pending the result of the police In
vestigation. The following: Jurors wera
sworn in by Justice Groezingrer as Coro
ner Hawkins Is out of the city: Frank
Bere, F. Schoettler. O. Brewett F J
Flynn, F. A. Lane, Paul Ruegg, H. Petti
nelli, A. Schmuliar, Paul Ottmajt.
THE TIME FIXED.
So far the police have been unable to
locate the hour when Mrs. Carpenter wes
murdered, but last evening a Call man
succeeded in doing so. The woman was
killed between 1:30 and 1:50 a. m.
When Yon Lochner and the night clerk
ascertained that she was dead both left
her room. Prieur, the cler.*., went after
an officer, and Yon Lochner went to the
Bellevue saloon on the corner oi Fourth
and Minna streets. Yon Lochner told the
bartender that Mrs. Carpenter had been
murdered. The bartender looked up at
the clock and the hands pointed to 1:50
In the statement made by Lizzie Rlley
Yon Lochner. Special Officer Gilfoy and
the night clerk, all guessed the time be
tween 1 and 2 a, m. They did not know
exactly. Dennis Linehan, who rooms In
the Hubbard house, and who goes to work
very early In the morning, was called at 1
o'clock. He came down stairs at 1:10.
At that time the halls were deserted and
all was quiet In the house. The occupant
of room 4 retired shortly after 1 o'clock.
He heard no noise when he went to his
room or arterward.
ADVERTISEMENTS. - : • - . ..
(I The victim of alcoholism, opium a
wor morphine is continually $
S poisoning his physical as well a
®as his mental self. Each in* W
S dulgence weakens his moral S»
and mental health, The Keeiey .
y Treatment eradicates the evil §
m effects of years and perma" &
(5 nently cures. w
Sj Write for printed matter • that tells fl! ;
gj all about it (jj
ffi THE KEELEY INSTITUTES, (§-
y 1170 Market Street, San Francisco 2 X
® 232 North Main Street, Lot Angeles. ■$
® Fred A. Pollock. Manager. ; . 5
® ®
q vi.it DR. JORDAN'S e«,at
10& Museum of Anatomy
Iflftli !Csll£A22ElSS.tit.6tli*7tli 1 8.r.W.
DII a Tb Lttrs »< t of Us kindle Un World. ;
l&i&\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
lvfwjf ' R. ' Oon.ul ta-.loa rre«. "Writs for Wtok
\\ I Philosophy of Marriage.
fc fl wiled rmt.
«5g^DR. HALL'S REINYIGORATOa
Ma IJfM Five hundred reward tor any cas»
J*f" "|3 we cannot cure. This secret remedy :
!j__ ._•'»' stops ; all ,- losses sInJ 24 ' hours, cure*
£^- .: w* Emissions, - Impotency, Varlcocela
tlltl ' YHf gonorrhoea. Gleet," Fits. Strictures.
W3m "iw st " ann L'"'l and all wasting ef-
i $Mm fects of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
fc ■ - -i sealed. $2 bottle; 3 bottles, iruar-
IT^UT^^ Ar^^^fant^^
for sale at 1073*4 Market st., S. fr.*All prt!
.vat« diseases quickly cured. Bead for Xtm boot.