VOLUME LXXXIV.— NO. 27.
CAMARA'S SQUADRON
ARRIVED AT PORT SAID.
REACHES
ENTRANCE
OF CONOL
But t\)e Vessels May Not
Be Permitted to Go
Througrj.
Tgere Is Also a Probability That
trje Fleet Is Not Destined
for trje Philippines.
NEW YORK, June 26.— A cable to the Tribune
from Port Said says: Trustworthy information
leads to the belief that the true objective point of
Camara's fleet is not Manila, but Hawaii and finally
San Francisco.
Special Cable to The Call and the »w York Herald. Copyrighted, IS9S,
by James Gordon Bennett.
PORT SAID, Egypt, June 26. — A Spanish squadron, con
sisting of the battle-ship Pelayo, as flagship, leading, followed
by the armored cruiser Carlos V, the armed cruiser Patriota,
late the Xormania, carrying twelve guns and a few troops and
marines; the Buenos Ayres, with two guns and a few troops;
the torpedo boat destroyer Audaz; the armed cruiser Isla Panay,
of two guns, carrying stores and a few troops; the Rapido, late
Columbia, of twelve guns, carrying a few troops; the Colon,
<pvhich has no guns or troops and looks like a store ship; the
torpedo boat destroyers Proserpina and Osada, the transport
Covadonga, which has no guns, and the coal ship * San Fran-
cisco. entered the harbor this morning. Except the Carlos V,
Patriota, Audaz and Proserpina, all have very foul bottoms and
apparently are in an untidy condition. They will coal forthwith
from a supply belonging to Cory Brothers.
The following is a list of the ships, commanders, crews and
cargoes: Pelayo, Rear Admiral Camara, Captain Fernandez
Jose, crew 565 men; Carlos V, Captain Jose Jurez, 561 men;
Audaz, Captain Guilletino de Avila. 73 men; Proserpina, Cap
tain Sances, J2 men; Osado, Captain Shimera, 72 men; Rapido,
Captain Compagon, crew 238, troops 200; Patriota. Captain
Barrier, crew 250, troops 200; Buenos Ayres, Captain Grau, crew
198, troops 1044; Isla de Panay, Captain Baste, crew 103,
troops 703; Covadonga, Captain Prestely, crew 117, cargo coal;
Colon. Captain Louis Campos, crew 120. cargo stores; San Fran
cisco, Captain Morrosig, crew 68, cargo ammunition.
A rumor is current that four more warships are expected.
LONDON, June 26. — A dis
patch from Alexandria, Egypt,
says the Spanish squadron, with
transports, has arrived at Port
*Said. Port Said is at the Med
iterranean entrance of the Suez
Canal.
CAIRO, June 26. — Admiral
Camara has not yet asked per
mission to coal at Port Said.
MADRID, June 26.— The ar
rival of the Spanish fleet at Port
Said caused no surprise here, Ad
miral Camara having announced
that he was going to the Philip
pines.
The threat of the American
Government to attack the Span
ish coast has had no effect. A
third squadron is preparing for
the defense of the coast.
A member of the Cabinet in an
interview to-day said: "Let them
come. We will receive them as
they deserve."
REAL CRISIS OF THE WAR IS NEAR AT HAND.
NEW YORK, June 26.— The Herald's Washington correspondent telegraphs: All official Washington consid
ers the real crisis of the war is near at hand, and the present week has been the most important in the history of
the pending strife. Santiago is sure to fall at an early date, and with it must come the destruction or capture of
Admiral Cervera's fleet. The exact date when all of this will happen cannot, of course, be safely predicted, but
the joint work of Admiral Sampson's fleet and General Shafter's army during the present week will, if not entirely
complete, show progress toward the finish. The result, whether it comes this week or next, the officials generally
agree, will have an important bearing upon the future of the war, both as to the duration and plans of operation. It
may work a revolution in Spain, resulting in foreign intervention for peace, or Spain may voluntarily sue for peace.
There are some who believe in the possibility of early peace.
On the other hand, the scope of the general war situation may be enlarged. "V^th Admiral Cervera's fleet
disposed of our fast and formidable battleships and cruisers will be available for organization into a flying squad-
The San Francisco Call
CAMERA'S SHIPS
MAY NOT PASS
THROUGH THE CANAL
NEW YORK, June 26.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: In some
circles a doubt still exists that the
Spanish vessels are going to the Philip
pines.
"It is my belief," said a prominent
naval officer with whom I talked, "that
the canal commissioners will refuse to
permit the Pelayo and Carlos V to go
through the Suez canal on the ground
that their draft is too great. Then these
vessels will return to Spain, and the
people will be told that it is impossible
to go to the relief of the Spanish army
in the Philippines because the water
way is closed to them. Or it may be
that Spain hopes that before the fleet
reaches the Philippines that peace will
be declared. This means that she will
save the only two iron-clar]s she has.
She doubtless appreciated that the dis
patch of the vessels to the West Indias
would mean their prompt destruction
or capture. Public opinion requires
that they leave Spain, and therefore
she sends them to the far East for the
reason that before their arrival at their
destination peace may be secured."
WASHINGTON, June 26.— The notice
from Spain that the Government of
that country has succeeded in purchas
ing three powerful armored cruisers
gains not the slightest credence here.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, JUNE 27, 1898.
SCENES AND INCIDENTS OF THE VOYAGE OF THE CALIFORNIA AND OREGON VOLUNTEERS AND THEIR RECEPTION BY THE
HOSPITABLE PEOPLE OF HONOLULU. DRAWN BY PIERRE N. BOERiNGER, SPECIAL ARTIST FOR THE CALL WITH THE
FIRST MANILA EXPEDITION.
Although Admiral Camara's squadron
j is at Port Said, there is still doubt that
the vessels are bound for the Philip
pines. Rumors reach here that the only
| ironclads in the squadron, the Pelayo
and Carlos V, have left the squadron
and have returned to Spain, so that
| Camara no longer possesses a force
j that would threaten Dewey. If this be
! so, either the Spanish have realized the
i folly of leaving their home ports un
protected or they have received infor
mation from the British Government
, that the navigation of the Suez canal
i cannot be jeopardized by allowing such
! deep draft, unwieldy ironclads to at
j tempt the passage.
Some attention has been attracted by
i a special from Madrid to a British
! paper saying that Camara's purpose is
J not to attack Dewey, but to seize and
j hold with ships and troops another
| island in the Philippine group. It is
; suspected if this be so that the object
j is purely diplimatic, the Spanish Gov
ernment being anxious to truthfully
assert in the event that peace negotia
tions are forced upon it that the United
States is not in such complete occu
| pancy of the Philippines as would jus
' tify a demand for their retention a3
i one of the terms of peace.
DEWEY WILL SOON BE
AT HEAD OF NAVY
Coming Retirements That Will Cause
the Manila Hero to Take
First Place.
NEW YORK. June 26.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: By far
the most Important naval register is
sued since the civil war is the forth
coming midsummer volume which is
now in proof. The register is being
prepared under the direction of Cap
tain A. S: Crowninshield, chief of the
Bureau of Navigation. It announces
the active list of the navy, and has a
grand total of 1776 officers, of whom 781
are line officers (Including 65 cadets at
sea), 161 medical officers. 111 pay offi
cers, 200 engineers (including 21 cadets
at sea), 24 chaplains, 11 professors, 37
constructors, lo civil engineers, li>o
warrant officers, sailmakers and mates
and 216 cadets at the Naval Academy,
about half of whom are temporarily at
sea. There have been 2S retirements
since January 1, 1898, among which
■were those of Rear Admirals L. A.
Beardsiee and T. O. Selfridge Jr., and
22 deaths.
Rear Admiral W. A. Kirkland is still
senior officer of the service, but he will
hold this position only three days after
July 1, when he will be relegated to the
retired list, being succeeded by Rear
Admiral J. N. Millor, now commander
lo-cfalef of the Pacific station. Rear
Admiral Miller will only hold the posi
tion of senior officer until November
22, when he will be retired and Rear
Admiral F. N. Bunce, commandant of
the Brooklyn Navy Yard, will succeed
him.
Rear Admiral Bunce's retirement
takes place a month later, and then
Rear Admiral George Dewey, com
mander-in-chief of the Asiatic squad
ron, will assume the coveted office of
the ranking officer of the service, which
he will hold for one year. Commodore
F. V. McNair is the senior officer on the
list of commodores, and he will be pro
moted to the vacancy which will be
caused by the retirement of Rear Ad
miral Kirkland. His promotion will
advance Captain W. T. Sampson to the
grade of commodore. Although Cap
tain Sampson now ranks as rear ad
miral by reason of the gunboat com
mission given him by the President,
he receives only the pay of captain,
which is his actual rank.
Two hundred and ten naval vessels
are in commission, according to the
new register, the greatest number in
active service since the war.
JAPAN'S PREMIER RESIGNS.
Marquis Ito Requests the Mikado to
Form a New Ministry.
LONDON, June 25.— The Tokio corre
spondent of the Times says: "Marquis
Ito, the Premier, has resigned. In ten
dering his resignation, he advised the
Mikado to accept the principle or party
government ami to instruct Count Okuma
Shigenabou and Mitamaki to form a
Ministry. The Emperor will probably act
on Count Ito's advice."
The Ito Cabinet was formed last Janu
ary.
Ron for attack upon Spain's home ports. This, in turn, may result in Spain recalling Admiral Camara's fleet now
headed for the Philippines for the protection of her own coast. So, any way you look at it. many important con
tingencies hinge on developments at Santiago within the next few days. Admiral Cervera's ships may yet be the
prey of American ironclads. It developed to-day that the plan under which General Shafter and Rear Admiral
Sampson are operating contemplates the bombardment of the batteries protecting the harbor, so later on as the
American troops are in a fltosition to storm the fortifications and wrest them from the Spaniards the latter will be
demoralized by the navy's fire. The mines in the outer harbor will then be removed and the American ships will
thus be enabled to get into a position where they can discharge their guns at the Spanish vessels, which will assist
the batteries by lying broadside on just back of Cayo Smith. It is positively asserted by naval officials that Rear
Admiral Sampson will not attempt to force the entrance of the harbor as it is not desired to risk a single armored
ves6scL \
LIFE ON
BOARD THE
TRANSPORTS
ON BOARD THE TROOPSHIP CITY
OF PEKING, at Honolulu, June 16.—
The day we sailed from San Francisco
the quays were lined, from the Potrero
to Meiggs Wharf, with thousands upon
thousands of weeping mothers and
wives, who had gathered to bid god
speed to their dear ones, and who.
when the transports had passed be
yond their immediate range of vision,
returned to their lonely homes over
looking the Western seas and contin
ued their sorrowful vigil until the dark
mantle of niarht descended upon the
ocean and hid from view the three slen
der columns of smoke ascending to
mingle with the shadows of the distant
horizon.
I suppose ever since our departure
those same mothers, sisters and sweet
hearts have been anxiously awaiting
some word from the boys in blue. Let
thorn know that, as far as the First
is concerned, they need have no anxiety.
All's well — more than well, in the civil
ian's acceptation of that term. There
is not a man in the entire regiment,
from the exceedingly common private
to the magnificent officer and the still
grander member of the staff, who is
not physically perfect from the bottom
of his regulation-clad feet to the top
of his closely cropped head.
'Twas not thus from the very incep
tion of our trip, however. Hardly had
the bar been reached before half the
regiment — officers and all — were leaning
over the side casting their. bread upon
the waters and not caring a cuss
whether it should be returned to them
after many days or not.
Gold braid and shoulder straps will
do a good dea,l toward making life on
a transport bearable, but in the case
of seasickness it availeth not whether
a man is a cook or a colonel.
Our colonel, adjutant and medicaj
corps vied with line officers in their
efforts to make a clean breast at It,
and the non-com, for once in his life
forgot the tremendous importance of
his three stripes and groveled on the
deck with an abjectness that could not
be surpassed by the most timorous re
cruit among us all. ♦
The limit, however, was reached
within thirty-six hours or so, and then
came a change which showed we were
not out on a summer holiday. The reins
of discipline were gradually tightened
until they reached a tension that was
never dreamed of in our camp life at
the Presidirr. They were hauled so taut
that even old regulars among us opened
their eyes In amazement and wondered
what it all meant. But the boys were
made of good stuff and as yet I have
to hear tho first complaint against a
general order. True, there have been
some murmurs, but they have orig
inated in only a few cases where it was
thought that undeserved favors were
granted and an unjust discrimination
shown.
Let this not be misconstrued as
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
against our colonel. Both he and nine
tenths of his officers are as "square"
a lot of men as were ever placed in
command of a body of troops.
At the commencement of the trip
considerable trouble was occasioned by
the manner in which the men were fed.
The rations were good enough and
plentiful enough as they were served
out, but from some cause or other they
wasted away in passing through the
galley until a man hardly got enough
to fill the smallest corner of his
stomach, and that little was so badly
cooked that, in many cases, it was
thrown overboard and the men went
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 "-'-•w~im*—^—>< ;- Deavn grimly
%Ui*^^^ss s ' v'u '^ M ~~' t^ ' bars the passage-
F Ps 3 i- 1 Fi wav - t^ rou S^ 1 ' ■ the
! ■- t ■I ! door of happiness
1 §P*p\ I i for thousands up-
i i'Pu/^f I 'MSw iii on thousands of
1 5>»7 JL^L;^^ 1 wistful women.
, ! The woman whose
'i /¥ \ nerves are racked
! i|fts§y*s*ssr" I whose strength i 3
' Wryteiif^ W?h lili sa PP e( i debili-
I krS^^J o§g : jjfj^i *S3 'a'-ing 1 drains, due
!^Palm to weakness and
BK^^^|P' KrlpJ.s women, cannot be
_-. — -• — ternity, to a wo-
~~ "~!" man thus - afflict-
; ed, is fraught with great danger. Even if
she escapes with her life, it is only to live a
martyr to untold agony, This is needless.
Thousands of women have found a sure,
and certain remedy and have spoken in n#
' uncertain words of its almost miraculous
action. ; ' . .
j This remedy is Dr. Pierces Favorite Pre-
scription. It acts directly upon the ' organs
that make wifehood and motherhood pos-
sible. It gives them health and vigor. It
stops weakening drains, allays inflammation
and soothes ; pain. The nerves, no longer
: tortured, resume their, natural function of
directing the healthy action of all the organs
of the body. Under its benign influence the
weak, sickly, nervous, fretful invalid, be-
comes a robust, capable, helpful, amiable '
wife, fitted for the duties of motherhood.
All good druggists sell it.
"Three years ago," writes Mrs. J. K. Messier,
of ,1794 Vanderbilt Avenue, New York. IST. V., "1 .
was given ut> by some of the best physicians in
this city. They said there was no cure for me —
unless I would go to a hospital and have an op-
eration performed.' I could not walk across the
: room for the pain in my side. I thought I would
die. , : I took Dr. Pierces , Favorite : Prescription
and after I had taken three bottles I could work,
■. walk, and ride. ■ I could write a year and ■ not
. praise your medicine enough."
Dr. Pierces book, "The Common Sense
Medical Adviser " is a treasure in any fam-
ily. ;'; It contains iooS pages and 300 illustra-
tions. , ; A copy . free ■-. to i every _ person ■ who •
I will send to the World's Dispensary Mcd- V
5 ical Association, 4 Buffalo, N. V., 21 one-cent
I stamps, to pay the cost ; of C mailing only.
For cloth binding, send 31 etauaj?*. -\ J2
hungry to bed. This was soon reme
died. The colonel insisted on having
the cocrk brought up with a round turn,
and now everything is lovely and the
goose hangs high.
The majority of the enlisted men in
the regiment come from homes where
the environment was one of cleanliness
and carry with them habits which
make the labors of the sanitary corps
comparatively easy, inasmuch as all
orders looking toward neatness are
cheerfully and intelligently carried out.
But with such a large body of men con
fined in so small a space unusual pre
cautions have to be taken and conse
quently as soon as the men rise in the
morning blankets are taken on deck,
triced up in the rigging and allowed to
air nearly all day. Details from each
section are sent below and, stripped to
the skin, go through the entire length
of the berth deck and thoroughly scrub
each bunk with soap, water and dis
infectants. Later each man, after a
good bath, at the end of an hour, is
lined up while both his clothing and
person are thoroughly inspected. At
stated times the colonel himself goes
along the line, and woe to the unfortu
nate whose clothing, arms and accou
trements are not up to the standard.
Equally strict are the precautions
taken to prevent accidents. Nearly
twenty-five guards are constantly on
watch, and the punishment for any in
fringement of the regulations looking
toward the safety of the ship are very
severe. Fire, the greatest danger the
sailor has to fear, is especially provided
against. Smoking is allowed only in
certain quarters of the vessel, and the
loss of a month's pay, together with
thirty days in the brig, is the penalty
for smoking or carrying a light of any
sort in proscribed parts of the ship.
Two unfortunates have already been
caught and are getting their medicine.
"While at sea the three vessels are
continually in sight of one another, of
ten approaching so close that the men
can recognize their friends on the other
transports and are able to hear the
cheer that invariably answers their
own. The signal corps is continually
at work sending messages of one kind
or another from ship to ship and have
now become so proficient in the use of
the little flag with the red square in its
center that a conversation can be
maintained with hardly any interrup
tion. It may be of interest to the signal
corps of San Francisco to know that
one of its old members, J. Westley
"White, has been detailed for signal
duty from Company L and has shown
up in such fine shape both as a signal
man and a soldier as to win commen
dation from both men and officers.
Rev. Father McKinnon, the regi
mental chaplain, has won the hearts of
the boys hy his kindness and liberality
and when the word goes forth that he
is to hold some sort of service the only
fellows who are absent are those who
are on duty and those unable to get
into the saloon owing to the crowd
gathered there before them.
Last Sunday services were held, and
an eloquent sermon, such a one as
could be listened to with profit by one
of any denomination, was delivered.
At the conclusion of the services it was
evidently decided by those, in authority
that, inasmuch as our souls had just
received a thorough overhauling, it
would be the proper thing to renovate
their earthly tenements. Consequently
all hands were assembled and marched
aft by companies while the doctors
went along the line with their little
sharpened ivories and vaccinated
every mother's son of us, officers and
all. The hoys took the proceeding as
a huge joke, and the loudest laughter
came from the fellows with the sorest
arms.
Our food, consisting for the most
part of bacon, beans and hardtack, has
been varied occasionally by a ration of
fresh beef obtained fro"m the steers we
took with us when we left The kill
ing of a beef is always an occasion of
great interest. When one is about to
die the crowd that gathers to witness
the execution would make one think
that the unfortunate animal must have
committed some terrible crime while
under the influence of too many horns;
or that possibly he was a sort of bo
vine Durrant.
On Monday (Decoration day) oxer
rjsfs wp]-p held on board, and all hands
were given liberty to attend. A plat
form was erected over the engine room
hatch, and there, under a canopy of
American flags. Colonel Smith, together
with Commander Gibson of the navy,
Lieutenant-Colonel Duboce, Chaplain
McKinnon and Captain Smith of the
vessel, took their seats, while the rest
of the officers and men gathered on
deck, or perched on davits, boats or in
the rigging made in their uniforms a
fitting setting for patriotic gems that
flashed forth in a fine programme.
At the conclusion of the set pro
gramme the band struck up "Glory,
Glory, Hallelujah." Some fellow in the
ranks with a magnificent tenor voice
commenced to sing, and in an instant
all hands joined. The effect was im
pressive to the verge of sublimity.
There we were over a thousand miles
out on the broad breast of the ocean,
bound away from our homes and kin
dred, the first expedition of the kind
ever sent forth by our native land, with
our faces pointed to a land six thou
sand miles away, where it will be our
duty to lower the flag that was the
first to spread its crime-laden insignia
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
A touch is enough
for cleanliness. That
is why it lasts so.
THE RACE OF SPANISH AND AMERICAN WARSHIPS FROM CADIZ AND SAN FRANCISCO TO MANILA.
ARE READY
TO CAPTURE
SANTIAGO
Forces of Shafterand Gar
cia Will Stride a Crush
ing Blow.
Special Cable to The Call nnd the Xew York Herald. Copyrighted, 1808,
l>y Jameo Gordon Bennett.
WITH THE ARMY, Saturday, June 25 (by The Call-
Herald dispatch boat Golden Rod to Port Antonio, Jamaica,
Sunday, June 26). — As a result of to-day's operations 20,000
troops, representing the combined forces of General Shafter and
General Garcia, are ready to strike Santiago a crushing blow.
General Wheeler's division of the army is within ten miles of the
city. General Shafter arrived on the scene to-day and hurried
troops forward in the direction of Santiago.
The last of the army transports -was unloaded at noon and
three hours later an army of 8000 men stretched out to the west
ward of Siboney for a distance of eight miles. An engineering
corps had been sent on ahead to build a military road. The work
of pulling the heavy siege guns through the mountain passes is
slow and tedious, but all will be in readiness for an attack on the
city by the time General Shafter's command comes up from Bai
quiri.
The progress of the army has been retarded by lack of pack
mules. It is extremely difficult to move guns and supplies, and
for this reason attention is centered at the moment upon the work
of the engineers.
Our forces this morning were in full possession of the ad
vanced points they had taken yesterday, and the Spaniards now
must continue their retreat into Sevilla. They cannot long with
stand the advance of the American-Cuban forces. The 2000 Cubans
brought out from Key WWestW r est in transports were landed to-day at
Baiquiri and at once joined Shafter's army.
Our men complained bitterly of the clothing provided by the
Government, which is unsuited for this climate. For seven miles
along the road the troops have left a trail of discarded uniforms
and blankets. T|hey cannot wear woolens in Cuba at this season,
and have embraced the first opportunity to lighten their burden.
There is no longer any question that the cavalry forces al
lowed their enthusiasm to carry them into the ambush in which
they were caught by the Spaniards yesterday morning. Their
daring exploit in dashing into the mountains almost immediately
after landing is now said to have been undertaken without the
knowledge of the commanding general. There is talk of court
marshaling the responsible officers, but so far as I can learn this
proposition has no official status.
over the very sea on which we were
Bailing. Over a thousand voices were
singing the old refrain. It was a scene
long to be remembered, and, if it be
my lot to be one of those who return, in
years to come there will often rise be
fore me a picture of the past, and I
will see, floating in the misty vision of
my twilight retrospection, a ship steam
ing westward over tropical seas, while
on her decks are gathered the flower of
California's chivalry singing together,
while far away on the edges of the
bcean the red and yellow twilight, like
the flag of Spain, is gradually disap
pearing from the Western world.
The run was as smooth as a trip on
an Oakland lake and twice as pleasant.
It would have been made in much
shorter time were it not for the fact
that the Peking and Australia were
both forced to travel at a reduced speed
in order' to allow the Sydney to keep
company with them. However, every
thing has an ending, even a run by the
Sydney, and on Wednesday, June 1,
1898, the first military expedition ever
sent out by the United States sighted
a foreign shore, and a few hours later
we were steaming around Diamond
Head and into the harbor of Honolulu.
We expected some slight reception. We
received an ovation. The city is ours
from end to end, and each boy in blue
is the owner of all he sees. Hospitality
is a faint word to express the kindness
which, both publicly and privately, is
showered upon us. The master of every
house in town has made his residence
over to us from .turret to foundation
stone and the enlisted man who offers
to pay for anything to eat or drink does
SATISFIED WITH
THE WORK IN CUBA
NEW YORK. June 26.— A Washington special to the Herald says-
Secretary Alger sent a long dispatch this morning to Major Generai
Shafter in which he expressed the greatest satisfaction at the work thus
far accomplished by the American army, "feeling the greatest sympathy
for the relatives of heroes who were killed near Santiago on Friday "
Secretary Alger said in this dispatch: "In burying the dead take
every precaution to exactly locate each grave, so that in some future
time the last resting place of the soldiers can be visited by beloved ones
that are now at home."
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUJN.U 27, 18C8.
so at the risk of offering an insult to
these warm-hearted islanders.
When this regiment reaches its desti
nation and takes its share of active
fighting I am sure it will so comport
itself that never again will European
generals sneer at the efficiency of the
American volunteer.
FRED A. HEALY.
GREAT HOSPITALITY
AT FAIR HONOLULU
First Manila Expedition Given a
Generous Reception by the
Hawaiians.
OX BOARD U. S. S. CHARLESTON
AT HONOLULU, June 3.— 1 do not
know whether it is the purpose of the
Hawaiian powers that be and of the
American diplomatic representatives
here to make the Manila expedition an
agency for the annexation by implica
tion of these beautiful islands. Neither
do I know whether it is true, although
I shrewdly suspect it is, that Minister
Sewall has orders to raise the flag in
certain contingencies. I do know, from
what has occurred since the Charleston
came here, that it will be impossible,
nay, farcical, for the island government
to issue that neutrality proclamation
of which there was so much talk be
fore we came. Every tenet of interna
tional law has been violated since the
arrival of the Charleston with the most
cheerful alacrity by all hands. It was
all right, possibly, for the Charleston
to coal here. At all events, she coaled.
Then she proceeded to wait for the
troop ships, while the town and all it
contained were thrown open to us.
The troopships were sighted off Dia
mond Head on Wednesday afternoon.
Then the town literally went wild.
Every Hawaiian resident became a
host, and there was nothing too good
for the boys in blue. They could not
have been welcomed more cordially in
any town in America.
I went down the bay to board the
Australia. The water was black with
boats, the wharves were lined with
shouting thousands, the air was a
flutter with American flags, and on the
soft trade wind breezes there came
floating the strains of sensuous music
— and all night long small boats loaded
down with gayly-clad women floated
around the transports, singing to the
soldier boys the sweet refrain of
"Mauna Loa," and the more stirring
measure "Hawaii Ponoii."
This was the reception to the pri
vates. Up town the Government, the
citizens, the diplomatic corps received
the officers with Hawaiian hospitality.
On Thursday the boys were allowed
on shore and took the town, by bat
talion. The impression they made was
evident in the admiring comment heard
on every side.
This morning the troops were landed
In force, marched to the executive
grounds, headed by their bands, and
were banqueted by the hospit
able citizens. Afterward, or on
Thursday, they found the town, its
beautiful resorts and its public institu
tions thrown open to them.
California should be proud of her sol
dier sons so far away — and Oregon, too,
has reason for pride in her boys.
There was one more incident on
Thursday, a significant incident in view
of what had gone before. This was the
presentation, on the Charleston's deck,
of a silk flag made by the Dowager
Queen Kapiolani for the cruiser that
is the best loved of the native Hawa
iian. The Charleston, it will be re
membered, brought the body of Kala
kaua to Honolulu. Prince David, in the
Dowager Queen's behalf, made the
presentation speech. The response of
Captain Glass was most happy, and
afterward the hospitalities of the ship
were extended to the distinguished
visitors.
The incident of the flag was not in
tended, of course, to have political sig
nificance.
The Charleston and her convoyed
fleet will sail early Saturday morning.
The Doric came in before sailing time
and we expected to hear that Congress
had acted, but did not.
SOI* N. SHERIDAN.
FIFTEEN REGIMENTS TO
RE-ENFORCE SHAFTER
Urgent Orders Are Issued by General
Brooke to the Troops at Camp
Thomas.
CHICKAMAUGA NATIONAL MILI
TARY PARK, Gteu, June 26.— 1t is no
lung r v question that a large force
of troops is about to be ordered from
Camp Thomas to the front. An order
was issued by command of Major Gen
eral Brooke to-day, which virtually
amounts to an order, for the move
ment of fifteen regiments to Cuba.
In accordance with this order, the
first division of the First Corps and
two brigades of the second division of
the same corps will form an expedi
tionary for \ and are o"dered to be
immediately prepared and equipped
for active field service.
Th^ following brigades are included
in the order: First Brigade, command
ed by General Ernst and composed of
the Eighth Massachusetts, Third Wis
consin and Fifth Illinois. Second Bri
gade, commanded by General Sanger
and composed of the Fourth Ohio,
Third Illinois and Fourth Pennsyl
vania, ahird Brigade, commanded by
General Wiley and composed of the
Sixteenth Pennsylvania, Second Wis
consin and First New Hampshire.
Second division— First Corps, First Bri
gade, commanded by Colonel Gardner
and composed of the Thirty-first Mich
igan, 160 th Indiana and First Georgia;
Second Brigade, commanded by Gen
eral McKee and composed of the First
West Virginia. Fifteenth Indiana and
Twelfth New York.
The order does not specify just when
these troops will go forward, or to
what point they will be sent for em
barkation, but it is understood that
they will ero to Tampa for direct de
parture for Cuba.
That the order means almost an Im
mediate move was signified hy the
general rush t!iis afternoon. The ord
nance department received large
stores, including Springfield rifles and
other equipments sufficient to complete
the fitting out of twenty regiments.
As soon as the stores arrived they
were rushed to the various regiments
for which they were Intended. The
order was received with enthusiasm
among all the regiments affected by
WELLMAN'S EXPEDITION
STARTS FROM NORWAY
Off to the Arctic to Succor Andree
and Discover the North
Pole.
TROMSOE, Island of Tromsoe, Nor
way, June 2U.— The Artie expedition un
der Walter Wellman sailed to-day
Mr. Wellman's expedition is undertaken
with two objects— first, to find and suc
cor Professor Andree. and second to dis
cover the North Pole. He is accom
panied by a corps of scientists and a
competent explorer.
PREPARING TO DEFEND
THE PORTS OF SPAIN
MADRID, June 26.— 1n view of the
American j threat : to send \ a : fleet to ; the
peninsula ; the -■ Government 5 deems it - ad
visable to ;be : prepared ■ for y eventualities.
± he lights at certain ' ports have : been ex
tinguished .•torpedoes have ben prenared
and : additional ; guards have •* been
K t "rt c - d ti; ' The Government i has pro"
rilhl the dis ?P atch of ' telegrams from
VhlX a J lnoun .?J»*r the y arrival of . vessels
s»£n h £™ ' l fo ; ced the blockade." The
Queen ;• Regent i has s sanctioned s the 1 vari-
CortS eaSUreS Which ; were ad °Pted by the
DRAW NEARER
TO SANTIAGO
Lawton's Men but Four
Miles Away.
HAVE MOVED PAST SEVILLA
SPANISH TROOPS OFFER NO
OPPOSITION.
Belief That the Retreat of the Enemy
After the Battle of La
Quasina Became a
Rout.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HEADQUARTERS OF GENERAL
CHAFFEE, two miles beyond Sevilla,
June 26 (by Associated Press dispatch,
boat, Port Antonio, Jamaica, June 27,
12:30 a. m.). — The American troops are
now within four miles of Santiago de
Cuba. Two brigades of Brigadier-Gen
eral Lawton's division, in command of
General Chaffee and Colonel R. H. Hall
of the Second Massaclwsetts Volun
teers, last night and to-day moved for
ward past the village of Sevilla, where
the Spaniards were expected to make
a stand, and occupied the hills to the
right and left.
Two miles beyond, far out in front of
the American forces and occupying the
roads leading to Santiago, is a force of
1500 Cubans under General Carlos Gon
zales.
The entire Cuban army, under direc
tion of General Calixto Garcia, is
marching for a co-operative attack on
Santiago. Garcia, with 5000 Cubans, is
expected from the interior before night
fall, while from Aserradero, twenty
miles to the west of Santiago, 2000 Cu
bans arrived to-day.
There are no Spaniards in the entire
country between Baiquiri, where most
of the American troops were landed,
and Santiago. The retreat' of the ene
my, after yesterday's battle, apparent
ly became a rout, which did not end
until the fortifications around the city
were reached.
The transport Leona to-day brought
to Juragua from Aserradero nearly
2000 insurgents, thoroughly armed and
plentifully supplied with ammunition.
They are part of the army of General
Garcia and have been sent to the front
to join the insurgents already occupy
ing the roads to Santiago.
HEROES OF CARDENAS
TO RECEIVE REWARDS
Three of the Winslow Survivors Who
Displayed Great Gallantry
in Action.
NEW YORK, June 26.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Secretary
Long will reward to-morrow three en
listed men who displayed great gal
lantry in action at Cardenas on May
11, when Ensign W r orth Bagley and five
of the crew of the Winslow were killed.
The men to receive rewards are G. P.
Brady, chief gunner's mate of the tor
pedo boat, P. Cooney and H. Johnson,
both of whom were machinists on the
vessel. The performance of these men
under fire was such as to cause them
to be especially mentioned in the offi
cial report of Lieutenant John Ber
nardou, commanding. I understand
Captain Crowninshield has recom
mended that Brady and Johnson be
promoted to the warrant rank of gun
ner and that Cooney be made car
penter.
Naval officers here hope that the de
partment will reward Lieutenant John
Bernardou for his bravery at Cardenas.
Although he behaved with great gal
lantry he was not recommended to the
consideration of the department by his
superior, and this fact is a barrier In
the way of his promotion. It is under
stood the department officials are con
sidering his case and something may
be done for him.
HARVARD TAKES MORE
TROOPS FOR SANTIAGO
Entire Population of Newport News
Turns Out to Bid the Sol
diers Godspeed.
NEWPORT NEWS, Va., June 26.— The
auxiliary cruiser Harvard sailed at 2
o'clock this afternoon for Santiago with
the Ninth Massachusetts and two bat
talions of the Thirty-fourth Michigan.
Thousands of people gathered along the
shore and gave vent to their patriotic
ardor by continued cheering as the stately
cruiser moved slowly down the stream.
The cheers were answered with enthusi
asm by the troops who crowded the side
of the vessel. Practically the entire
population of Newport News bade fare
well to the nation's defenders. The
Ninth Massachusetts Regiment is in com
mand of Colonel Fred B. Bogan and the
Second and Third Battalions of the
Thirty-fourth Michigan are commanded
by Colonel J. P. Peterman. The repair
ship Vulcan followed tfce Harvard to sea.
Spanish Craft Sighted.
LONDON, June Lloyd's agent at
Gloucester says the British steamer
.Discovery, from Rosario, May 11, re
ports ■ that on r June 110 . she sighted . in
latitude 34 deg.' ; 32 mm. north, and longi
tude 14 deg.:3s mm; west, a double-fun
neled cruiser, presumably Spanish, ; es
corting a tramp steamer a black
funnel s with a white , band. TMe ; vessels
were I steering west I and were ', prooeed-
Uig at a. speed, of might knots. . \
ROUGH RIDERS
IN A SMASH-UP
Four Wyoming Troopers
Killed.
MANY OTHERS BADLY INJURED
CRIMINAL CARELESSNESS OF
AN ENGINEER.
Runs Into the Train Ahead of Him
and Disappears After the
Wreck to Escape Being
Lynched.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TUPELO, Miss., June 26.— A railway
accident occurred at this place at 3:40
o'clock this afternoon, in w"hich four
members of Colonel Torrey's regiment
of Rough Riders, from Cheyenne, Wyo.,
lost their lives, and others received fa
tal injuries.
The accident occurred on the Kansas
City, Memphis and Birmingham Rail
way. The first section had stopped to
take water, and whistled to start on,
when the second section rounded the
sharp curve in the track just before the
town is reached and dashed into it. In
the rear of the first section was the
sleeper Seville, containing Colonel Tor
rey and his regimental staff. This car
was completely demolished, yet,
strange to say, every inmate escaped
unscathed except the colonel, who is
injured, though not seriously.
The chief fatalities occurred in a
coach which stood in the center of the
first section, which carried Troop C,
from Laramie, Wvo, This coach was
completely telescoped, and the soldiers
within were jammed and bruised be
neath timbers, broken car seats and
other debris. In the second section one
baggage-car was thrown into the ditch,
but in this train few were hurt and
none seriously.
Immediate ao^on was taken by the
soldiers to save their imprisoned com
rades, and with axes, ropes and buck
ets of water the- worked like demons,
tearing away the wreckage to get at
the wounded and dead and quench the
fire which had started in the sleeper
Seville, which was a mass of broken
wreckage, covering a steaming, hiss
ing engine. The wounded were remov
ed to" a vacant building in the town.
The sections contained Troops A, C,
E, L, G and M, forming part of a regi
ment being transported to Jacksonville,
Fla. It is the second United States
Volunteer Cavalry, and was raised by
Colonel Torrey, its commander, in the
Rocky Mountain region, including the
States of Wyoming, Colorado, Idaho,
Nevada and Utah. Those soldiers kill
ed and mortally injured are from the
first named State.
The fault of the accident probably
lies with Engineer Rawls of the second
section, who has disappeared. The sol
diers have threatened to lynch him.
Not a horse was injured, although
several of the stock cars were badly
smashed.
The killed: Willie B. Wallace, Troop
C; Sam Johnson, Troop C; Gordon,
colored porter; Cornelius Lenihan,
Troop C: Private Gimmer, Troop L.
Fatally injured: Henry C. Mapes,
Troop C, both legs cut off; punctured
In the abdomen.
Injured: R. D. Staley, Troop M, el
bow dislocated; E. Perkins, Troop L,
both hips jammed; Wallace Hodge,
Troop G, ankle broken; George Gardi
ner, Troop C, hip hurt; Rudolph Wid
mar, officers' mess cook, back sprained;
Hiram F. Davis, Troop C, ankle sprain
ed; Henry Steltz, Troop C, leg broken;
Will Grovener, Troop C, leg bruised;
Joseph Aaron, Troop C, back sprained;
W. H. Robins. Troop A, ankle dislo
cated; Arthur Evans, Troop E. hip dis
located; Joseph Wilkinson. Troop L,
slightly injured; Schenck, Troop C,
leg badly crushed.
Colonel Torrey was in the stateroom
of the sleeping-car, which was sepa
rated from the engine of the second
section by a short caboose. The force
of the impact carried the first section
forward 300 yards. When the train
stopped Colonel Torrey found himself
outside beneath the wreckage, and al
though his feet were badly bruised he
managed to clamber up the embank
ment. His other injuries are several
bruises about the head. The Injured
are receiving all possible attention.
The engineer was seen late to-night,
but was unable to talk. He received
internal injuries that have caused sev
eral hemorrhages.
CAMPOS TO ATTEMPT
A DICTATORSHIP
Special Cabinet Meetings Being Held
in a Desperate Effort to Avert
a Crisis.
LONDON, June 27.— The Vienna cor
respondent of the Daily Telegraph
says:
The latest advices from Madrid Indi
cate that there is ground for the im
pression that General Martinez Campos
will soon issue a pronunciamento and
attempt a dictatorship.
Minute directions have been sent to
the Austro-Hungarian Embassador at
Madrid, Count Dubuski. regarding the
personal safety of the Queen Regent.
The latest news from Madrid is that
the situation is so serious that special
Cabinet meetings have been held in a
desperate attempt to avert a crisis.
The Talbot Sails.
NEW YORK, June 26.— The United
States torpedo-boat Talbot left to-day
for Key West and will call at Norfolk,
BEGINNING TO
TALK OF PEACE
Scales Falling From the
Spanish Eyes.
SEE THEIR UTTER IMPOTENCY
PLAIN WOBDS OF A REPUBLI
CAN JOURNAL.
How the Ignorant Castilians Have
Been Imposed Upon by News of
Victories That Were
Never Won.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Special cable to The Call and, the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, lsC'S, by James Gor
don Bennett.
VALENCIA, Spain, June 26.— 0n1y
three weeks ago none who regarded his
personal safety could publicly advocate
peace here. Now, however, the subject •
is admitted everywhere as debatable.
Platonic aspirations after peace find an
echo from every corner of the land.
Still, when conditions are discussed and
jit is realized that American terms in
volve the loss of nearly all Spain's col
onial possessions, the peace party is at
once placed in a hopeless minority.
With the exception of Pi y Margall, the
veteran federate Republican who has
consistently opposed war from the be
ginning, the Republicans and Carlists
are dead against a peace treaty.
"Peace with America could only be
written on the torn shreds of Spanish A
honor," says a leading Republican or- X
gan here. "The issue,'" it continues,
"is not simply one of victory or defeat.
The question with Spain is. To be vi
not to be? The greatest obstacle to
peace Is the dense ignorance in this
country regarding the strength and re
sources of the United States. At the
last census Spain's population slightly
exceeded 17,000,000, of whom lI,OOOJWO
could neither read nor write. Those
who can read are compelled to gather
information from a press that has trav
estied the "var history from the begin
ning. According to these Spanish au
thorities every American naval vessel
has been disabled at one time or an
other by Spanish guns and towed in a
hopelessly disabled condition from the
scene, while the American dead are se
cretly buried by hundreds. The Amer
ican army is represented day after day
by these journals as a motley rabble of
drunken mercenaries, devoid of all
military grit, led by incompetent, ama
teur officers and directed by a war de
partment, where confusion and divided
counsels reign supreme."
Wheeler's Seat in Congress Vacant.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala.. June 26.—Attor
ney General Fitts has rendered a decision
declaring vacant the seat of Representa
tive Joseph Wheeler in Congress from the
Eighth Alabama District, owing to the
fact that General Wheeler has absented
himself from Washington, having ac
cepted a commission as major general in
the army and being at present with Gen
eral Shafter's command in Cuba. Gen
eral Wheeler failed to resign his seat be
fore going to Cuba.
.■ ♦ «
Murat Halstead Bound for Manila.
Murat Halstead, whose journalistic rep
utation has made him a national figure,
arrived last night from the East. He
will go to Manila with General Merritt,
from whom he received a personal Invi
tation to accompany him to the Philip-|
pines. Halstead first began his news* '
paper career in the late fifties, and dur
ing the war of the rebellion represented
one of the big papers in the front. He
also dabbled in politics and, were it not
for the bitter opposition of his antagon
ists, he would have been the Minister to
Germany in ISS9. Soon after the Civil Wnr
he bought an interest in the Cincinnati
Commercial, which he managed for some
years. In 1890, Halstead moved to Brook
lyn and took charge of the Standard-
Union. Recently he visited Cuba, and
after a careful study of the conditions of
the island he wrote a book on the Cuban
struggle for independence. The visit to.
Manila will be for purely literary pur
poses. He will send letters to a syndi
cate of newspapers.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
INCORPORATED BY |b W B
LEADING CASH GROCERS,
SPECIAL SALEJFOR.THE WEEK.
FLOUR-
. Best Family : Flour, sack. $1.25
BUTTER, Point Reyes—
Creamery squares... .....3 for ?1.00
FRUIT SYRUPS—
Raspberry, Strawberry, Vanilla, Lemon,
Orange, etc., bottle 300
Regular 40c. - \■ .
PORT AND SHERRY—
Vintage of '94 Bottle 25c Gallon 95c
, Regular 50c and Jl'SO. .
MAPLE SYRUP—
' r" half gallon Jag 55c
• Old Fashioned Pure Sap
Regular 75c. . »- ■
TOMATO CATSUP—
Best Eastern, bottle ..... r 15c
TOURIST AND PICNIC SUPPLIES.
FULL LINE of CIGARS and TOBACCO
TELEPHONE SOUTH 292.
Send for Catalogue. ;
■ '■'We ship goods to the country free of charge
within 100 miles. ■ _ \ . •
1324 - 1326 MARKET STREET
k:: - <^nd *3+ SIXTH STREET,HEAVY LOSSES
OF THE ENEMY
AT LA QUASINA
Thirty-Seven Bodies Found
on the Field of
Battle.
American Death Roll Increased
to Sixteen, With Nine
Men Missing.
JPRAGUA. Cuba. June 25 (per Asso- '
elated Press iii>i>atch boat Dandy,
via Kingston, Jamaica, June 26)— The !
initial fight of Colonel Wood's Rough
Riders and the troopers of the First <
and Tenth Regular Cavalry will be |
known in history as the battle of La
Quasina. That it did not end in the
complete slaughter of the Americans
was not due to any miscalculation in j
the plan of the Spanish, for as perfect \
an ambuscade as ever was formed in
the brain of an Apache Indian was pre- j
par. d and Lieutenant Colonel Roose- I
velt and his men walked squarely into
it. For an hour and a half they held
their ground under a storm of bullets
from th.- front and side, and then Colo
nel Wood at the right and Colonel j
velt at the left led a charge :
which turned the tide of battle and
ly flying over the hills
toward Santiago.
It is now definitely known that six
teen nun on the American side were
I, while sixty were wounded or are
reported missing. It is impossible to
calculate the Spanish losses, but it Is j
known th.-y were far heavier than!
those of the Americans, at least as re- j
actual l"ss of life. Already
thirty-seven dead Spanish Boldiers
have been found and buried, while
others art undoubtedly lying in
the thick sh on the side of the i
gully and on th of the hill.
• the main body of the army was
locat.d. The wounded were all re- |
moved.
A complete list of the killed, wounded i
and missing on the American side, re- !
vised to 4 Bterday, follows. The
: are:
Captain Allyn K. Capron, First United
States Volunteer Cavalry.
Milton Fish Jr., Troop !
L, First United States Volunteer Cay- i
airy.
t Doherty, Troop A, First
tates A olunti er Cavalry.
• Marcus D. Russell, Troop
G, Fi ■■ ' Volunteer (!av
• Russell lived in Troy, ■
N F- and was formerly a colonel on !
ll's staff.
Private Leggett, Troop A, First
United States Volunteer Cavalry.
Harry Hefener, Troop G,
First Unit r Cavalry.
Private Milder W. Danson, Troop L,
First Unil ' lavalry.
Private W. T. Irwin, Troop F, First ;
• i States Volunteer cavalry.
pri • c. Troop X, First Reg
ular < 'avalry.
Private B. Work, Troop B, First Reg
ular Cavalry-
Private Kruppe, Troop B, Regular
Cavalry.
Private Stark. Troop B, Regular Cav
alry.
Private , Troop X, First Reg- I
ular cavalry.
Private Kelb, Troop X, First Regular
Cavalry-
Private Barlin, Troop X, First Regu
lar Cavalry.
Corporal White, Troop E, Tenth Reg
ular Cavalry.
The wounded are; Major James P.- 11,
First Cavalry, shot in the leg; Captain
Thomas T. Knox, First Cavalry, shot
in the stomach, serious; Lieutenant
Byram, First Cavalry; Private Frank
Booth, Tror- F. First Volunteer Cav
alry; Private George Brlxton, Troop B,
Tenth Cavalry; Private S. F. Isler,
Troop C. First Volunteer Cavalry; Pri-
Joseph Dole. Troop B, First Vol
unteer Cavalry; Private John R. Keene,
Troop L, First Volunteer Cavalry; Pri
vate L. M. Newcombe, Troop D. First
Volunteer Cavalry; Private Martin
op <;, First Cavalry; Private
:■■! Redd, Troop G, First Cavalry,
private Arthur Wheeler, Troop B,
Tenth Cavalry; Private Theodore
Gryce, Troop D, Tenth Cavalry; Pri
vate Kelley Mayberry, Troop I, Tenth
llry; Private James Russell, Troop
4 t. nth Cavalry; Edward Marshall,
correspondent of the New York Jour
and Advertiser, serious; Private
Bchuelter Whitney, First Volunteer
cavalry; Private Nathaniel M. Poe,
Troop L, First Volunteer Cavalry; Cor
poral J. M. Dean, Troop B, First Vol
unteer Cavalry; Private C. L. Reed.
Troop B, First Cavalry. Corporal J. B.
RodeS, Troop D, First Volunteer Cav
alry; Sergeant Thomas Ryan, Troop
X Tenth < 'avalry: Private E. J. Al
bertson, Troop F. First Volunteer Cav
alry; Trumpeter I. F. Meagher, Troop
L, First Volunteer Cavalry; Private
George Roland, Troop G, First Volun-
Cavalry; Private F. Miller, Troop
P, Tenth Cavalry; Private D. V. Wat
prejou alis
Big roen are scarce. They are noticeable by their firm
walk: by the absence of puniness; by strong lirr)bs, and by
the clear way in which they can look you in the eye. If your
knees arz weak; if your strength; r;as been overtaxed, or if
you have abused nature in any way, ask for some truth
about "Hudyan." The weak and the weary knees will give
way to strong rr)anhood. "Hudyan" has made many more
thousands of men strong than have gone to the Philippines
and Cuba combined, find it will make you strong. Ask for
free testimony about it. A postal card even will bring cir-
culars to you. Absolutely no cent of expense. Nor will you
be charged in any way for medical advice if you are ill in any
other way. It is a pleasure to help you. Why not be helped?
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE, Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts., Saa Francisco.
son. Troop G. First Cavalry; Private ;
John L. Damman. Troop L. First Cav
airy; Captain James H. McClintock,
First Volunteer Cavalry; Lieutenant J.
R. Thomas, First Volunteer Cavalry;
Private T. W. Wiggins, Troop B, First
Volunteer Cavalry; Private Robert Z. ;
Bailey, Troop B. First Volunteer Cay- '
airy;" Private R. W. Reid, Troop G,
First Volunteer Cavalry; Private Gains.
Troop B, Tenth Cavalry; Private Reilly,
Troop B, First Cavalry.
The missing are: Private Merriam ;
Camp, Troop Q, First Volunteer Cav
alry; Sergeant D. W. Bell, First Volun
teer Cavalry; Trumpeter T. R. McDon
ald, First Volunteer Cavalry; Privates
N. 11. Cochrane, First Volunteer Cav
alry; Private Fred Chilcot, First Vol
unteer Cavalry; Private J. S. Miller,
First Volunteer Cavalry; Private W. S.
Sharp, First Volunteer Cavalry: Pri
vate J. F. Steadman, First Volunteer
Cavalry; Private D. C. Deniss, First
Volunteer Cavalry.
Captain McCormlck and Captain Lu
na of the First Volunteer Cavalry, who
were reported yesterday as among the ;
dead or wounded, were unharmed, as j
was Colonel Wood, whom Adjutant
Hall reported mortally wounded.
That the Spaniards were thoroughly
I-oste'l us to the route to be taken by
the Americans in their movements to
ward Sevllla was evident, ;is shown by
the careful preparations they hail
made. The main body of the Spaniards
was posted on a hill, on the heavily
wooded slopes of which had been erec
ted two' blockhouses, flanked by irreg
ular intrenehments of stone and fallen
trees. At the bottom of these hills run
two roads, along which Lieutenant Col
onel Roosevelt's men and eight troops
of the First and Tenth Cavalry, with a
battery ot four Howitzers, advanced.
These roads are but little more than
gullies, rough and narrow and at places
almost impassable. In these trails the
fight occurred. Nearly a half mile sep
arated Roosevelt's men from the reg
ulars and between them and on both
of the road in the thick under- I
brush was concealed a force of Span
lards that must have been large, judg
[ng from the terrific and constant fire
they poured in on the Americans.
The fight was opened by the First
and Tenth Cavalry under General
Young. A force of Spaniards was J
known to be in the vicinity of La Qua-
Bina and early in the morning Lieu- j
tenant Colonel Roosevelt's men started
off up the precipitous bluff back of Si
boney to attack the Spaniards on their
right flank. General Young at the same
time taking the road at the foot of the
hill.
About two and a half miles out from
Siboney some Cubans, breathless and
excited, rushed into the camp with the
announcement that the Spaniards were
bul a little way in front and were
strongly entrenched. Quickly the
Hotchkiss guns out in the front were
brought to the rear, while a strong
scouting line was thrown out. Then,
cautiously and in silence, the troops
■ 1 forward until a bend in the road
disclosed a hill where the Spaniards
were located. The guns were again
brought to the front and placed in po
sition while the. men crouched in the
road, waiting impatiently to give Roose
velt'B men, who were toiling over the
little trail along the crest of the ridge,
time to get up.
At 7:30 a. m. General Young gave
the command to the men at the Hotch
kiss guns to open fire. The command
was the beginning of a fight that for
stubbornness has seldom been equaled.
The instant the Hotchkiss guns were
fired the hillsides commanding the road
gave forth volley after volley from the
Uausers of the Spanish.
"Don't shoot until you see something
to shoot atl" veiled General Young,
and the men with set jaws and gleam
ing eyes obeyed the order.
Crawling along the edge of the road,
and protecting themselves as much as
possible from the fearful fire of the
Spaniards, the troops, some of them
stripped to the waist, watched the base
of the hill, and when any part of a
Spaniard became visible fired. Never
for an instant did they falter.
One husky warrior of the Tenth Cav
alry, with a ragged wound in his
thigh, coolly knelt behind a rock load
ing and firing, and when told by one
of his comrades that he was wounded
laughed and said:
"Oh, that's all right; that's been
there for some time."
In the meantime, away off to the left,
was heard the crack of the rifles of
Colonel Wood's men and the regular,
deep-toned volley firing of the Spanish.
Over there the American losses were
the greatest.
Colonel Wood's men. with an advance
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 27, 1898.
guard well out in front and two Cuban
guides before them, but apparently
with no flankers, went squarely into
the trap set for them by the Spaniards,
and only the unfaltering courage of
the men in the face of a fire that would
make even a veteran quail prevented
what might have been a disaster. As
it was Troop L, the advance guard, un
der the unfortunate Capron, was sur
roundei, and but for the re-enforce
ments hurriedly sent forward every
man probably would have been killed
or wounded.
"There must have been nearly 1500
Spaniards in front and to the sides of
us." said Lieutenant Roosevelt to-day,
when discussing the fight. "They held
the ridges with rifle pits and machine
guns and had a body of men in ambush
in the thick jungle at the sides of the
road over which we were advancing.
Our advance forward struck the men
in ambush and drove them out. But
they left Captain Capron, Lieutenant
Thomas and about fifteen men killed or
wounded. The Spanish firing was ac
curate — so accurate, indeed, that it
surprised me, and their firing was fear
fully heavy.
"I want to say a word for our own
men," continued Lieutenant Colonel
Roosevelt. "Every officer and man did
his duty up to the handle. Not a man
flinched."
From another officer who took a
prominent part in the fighting more de
tails were obtained.
"When the firing began." said he,
"Lieutenant Colonel Roosevelt took the
right wing with Troops G and X under
Captains Llewellyn and Jenkins and
went to the support of Captain Capron,
who was getting it hard. At the same
time Colonel Wood and Major Brodie
took the left wing and advanced in
open order on the Spanish right wing.
Major Brodie was wounded before the
troops had advanced 100 yards. Colonel
Wood then took the right wing and
shifted Colonel Roosevelt to the left.
"In the meantime the fire of the
Spaniards had increased in volume, but,
notwithstanding, an order for a general
charge was given and with a yell the
men sprang forward. Colonel Roose
velt, in front of his men, snatched a
rifle and ammunition belt from a
wounded soldier, and, cheering and
yelling with his men, led the advance.
For a moment the bullets were singing
like a swarm of beees all around them
and every instant some poor fellow
went down. On the right wing Captain
McClintock had his leg broken by a
bullet from a machine gnn, while four
of his men went down. At the same
time Captain Luna of Troop F lost
nine of his men. Then the reserves.
Troops X and E, were ordered up. Col
onel Wood, with the right wing,
charged straight at a blockhouse, 800
yards away, and Colonel Roosevelt, on
the left, charged at the same time. Up
the men went, yelling like fiends and
never stopping to return the fire of the
Spaniards, but keeping on with grim
determination to capture that block
house.
"That charge was the end. \\ hen
within 500 yards of the coveted point
the Spaniards broke and ran and for
the first time we had the pleasure
which the Spaniards had been experi
encing all through the engagement, of
shooting with the enemy in sight."
DYING CAPTAIN CAPRON
HIS OWN AVENGER
Brought Down Two of the Enemy Be
fore Yielding to His Death
Wound.
JURAGUA, Cuba, June 25, per As
sociated Press Dispatch Boat Dandy
(via Kingston, Jamaica, June 26).— 1n
the two hours' fighting, during which
the volunteers battled against their
concealed enemies, enough deeds of
heroism were done to fill a volume.
One of the men of Troop E, desperate
ly wounded, was lying squarely be
tween the lines of fire. Surgeon
Church hurried to his side, and, with
bullets pelting all around him, calmly
dressed the man's wound, bandaged it
and walked unconcernedly back, soon
returning with two men and a litter.
The wounded man was placed on the
litter and brought into our lines.
Another soldier of Troop I, conceal
ing himself as best he could behind a
tree, gave up his place to a wounded
companion and a moment or two later
was himself wounded.
Sergeant Bell stood by the side of
Captain Capron when the latter was
mortally hit. He had seen that he was
fighting against terrible odds, but
never flinched.
"Give me your arm a minute," he
said to the sergeant, and kneeling
down he deliberately aimed and fired
two shots in quick succession. At each
a Spaniard was seen to fall. Bell, in
the meantime, had seized a dead com
rade's gun and knelt beside his cap
tain and fired steadily.
When Captain Capron fell, he gave
the sergeant a parting message to his
wife and father, and bade the ser
geant good-by in a cheerful voice, and
was then borne away dying.
Sergeant Hamilton Fish was the first
man killed by the Spanish fire. He was
near the head of the column as it
turned from the wood road into the
range of the Spanish ambuscade. He
shot one Spaniard who was firing from
the cover of a dense patch of under
brush. When a bullet struck his
breast he sank at the foot of a tree
with his back against it. Captain Cap
ron stood over him shooting and oth
ers rallied around him, covering the
wounded man. The ground this af
ternoon was thick with empty shells
where Fiah .lay.
He lived twenty minutes. He gave
a sm.ill lady's huntlngcase watch from
his belt to a messmate as a last sou
venir.
With the exception of Captain Cap
ron Jill the Rough Riders killed in yes
terday's fight were buried this morn
ing: on the field of action. Their bod
ios were laid in one long trench, each
wrapped in a blanket. Palm leaves
lined the trench and were heaped in
profusion over the dead heroes. Chap
lain Brown read the beautiful Episco
pal burial service for the dead, and as
he knelt in prayer, every trooper, with
bared head, knelt around the trench.
"When the chaplain announced the
hymn "Nearer, My God, to Thee," the
deep bass voices of the men gave a
most impressive rendition of the
music.
The dead Rough Riders rest on the
summit of the hill where they fell.
The siph* is most beautiful. Flowers
and praspps cover the slopes and from
the top a far-reaching view 1b had over
the tropical forest. Chaplain Brown
has marked each srave and has com
plete records for the benefit of friends
of the dead soldiers.
Captain Capron's body was brought
Into Jurasrua this afternoon, but it was
deemed inadvisable to send the re
mains north at this season and the In
terment took plnce on a hillside near
the ponshore, back of the provisional
hospital.
After n brief service a parttnp volley
wns fired over tho prave of the dead
captain, and the hucle sounded "taps"
as the sun sank over the mountain
tops beyond Pnntiafro.
Monterey's Volunteers.
MONTEREY. June 26.— 0f the ten Mon
terey young- men who went to San Fran
cisco last wefk to enlist in the army or
navy, seven were accepted and are now
in the Fourteenth United States Infantry,
expecting to leave for Manila with the
third expedition, one has been placed un
der waiting orders and two were rejected
because or defective eyesight. Those ac
cepted were: Benjamin Diaz, Wesley Lit
tle, Michael Hinkle. A. W. Artellah. W.
Sheppard, William Morrow and Nicholas
Gonzales. Monterey has five sons on the
monitor Monterey, two on the cruiser
Baltimore and three on the monitor
Monadnook.
FINAL BATTLE
CANNOT LONG
BE DELAYED
The Armies of Shafter and
Linares Almost Face
to Face.
Forward Movement to Be Ordered
as Soon as Sufficient Sup
plies Are Landed.
ON BOARD THE ASSOCIATED
PRESS DISPATCH BOAT DANDY,
off Jaragua, June 25 (via Kingston, Ja
maica, June 26). — The troops of the
United States and Spain are almost
face to face, and less than four miles
apart. To-night the picket lines at
certain points are within hailing dis
tance of the enemy. It seems certain
the battle of Santiago must come
within a week.
The troops are all ashore, here and
at Baiquiri. with the exception of a
few scattered companies that have
gone forward. The supplies are suffi
cient to enable the army to sustain a
week's campaign at both landing
points, and it is believed the required
supplies will all be ashore by Tuesday.
General Shatter said to a correspond
ent to-day:
"I am well satisfied with the progress
that is being made. The debarka
tion is slow, but considering the limited
facilities and exposed nature of the
landing places, the men have done well.
I only await the landing of sufficient
supplies to begin the movement on
Santiago. I am unable to say when it
will take place. I am much pleased
with the gallant conduct of our men in
the action at Sevilla yesterday, and
with their cool and veteran-like work.
The victory was complete."
General Wheeler, in his official re
port, places the number of dead in the
engagement at Sevilla at 22, and the
wounded between 70 and 80.
The majority of the American troops
are now here, or at the front in the
vicinity of Sevilla. The force at the
latter place, which is about nine miles
from Santiago, numbers 6000 Ameri
cans and lf>oo Cubans. General Wheel
er is in command there, with Generals
Young, Lawton and Chaffee. General
DEAD BURIED
IN TRENCHES
Spanish Losses in the
Camaguey Battle.
SEVENTEEN LARGE GRAVES
GRIM EVIDENCE OF CUBAN
VICTOftY.
General Becio's Small Force Lost but
Nine Men Killed and Thirty-
Two Wounded in the
Fight.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KEY WEST, Fla., June 26.— The
sloop Isabel came Into port this morn
ing flying the Cuban flag. On her were
Captain Rafael Mora, Lieutenant Fe
lix de los Rios and four others of the
f'uban army, carrying concealed dis
patches from the Cuban Government to
Senor T. Estrada Palma of the New
York junta. These dispatches will be
forwarded by the local junta.
The Isabel left Cayo Romano, an is
land off the north coast of Cuba, last
Sunday, and had a smooth passage.
The capital is at La Speranza. twenty
one miles from Cubitas, twenty-eight
miles from the coast and twenty
leagues from Nuevltas. All the mem
bers of the Government are there ex
cept Vice President Capote, who is in
the United States.
The Government's mall system has
been perfected so that full information
from all parts of the island is received
daily. Captain Mora says that two
days before he left Cayo Romano the
Cubans sighted the fleet of American
vessels carrying Shafter's army and
the news caused great rejoicing.
On June 9 a heavy battle was
fought in the Camaguey Province by
General Lopez Recios of the Cuban
army, with a force of 1000 men and 5000
Spaniards. The Spaniards were de
feated and retreated. They buried
their dead in seventeen graves which
the Cubans opened. Some of the
graves contained eleven bodies, others
ten, nine, six, two and so on. In all
the Cubans counted 150 bodies and their
scouts reported that 107 Spaniards were
carried away on litters. The Cubans
had nine men killed and thirty-two
wounded.
General Menocal, with 2000 men,
armed with rifles landed by the Florida
expedition at Fort Banes, is on his way
from Santiago Province to reinforce
General Gomez near San Espiritu. Last
Sunday General Menocal was in Cama
guey Province. He had two field pieces,
one throwing dynamite, and expected
to cross the Moron trocha without any
trouble.
A second army of 3000 men is march
ing east to join General Gomez.
Nuevitas has been badly off for food,
but recently a steamer arrived and
landed a large cargo of provisions. Sub
sequently a big launch from the Ba
hamas landed a cargo of food.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
Wheeler will remain at Sevllla, which
will be made a rendezvous for the
troops landing at Baiquiri, and to this
point the artillery and cavalry is be
ing sent forward from Baiquiri. The
cavalry has been sent ahead to cut a
way through the underbrush.
From the American position at 9e
villa, Santiago is plainly visible and the
fortifications can be seen. The follow
ing reports to General Shafter from
generals at the front show these con
ditions:
"To General Shafter: I have just
seen two negro boys who left Santiago
this morning (Saturday). They report
that soldiers and citizens are very short
of food. The soldiers and officers have
seized all the food in the shops. They
are killing young horses for food and
in the hospitals are subsisting on bread
made of rice flour.
"Three Spanish generals took part in
the fight at Sevilla yesterday. Five
wagonloads of wounded were carried
into Santiago and many other wounded
got there on foot. We can see Morro
Castle and the flag very distinctly from
our position. The Cubans confirm the
reports as to the fine character of the
fortifications around the city. Seven
lines of barbed wire are stretched about
the trenches. The Spaniards have re
cently dug deep trenches around the
entire city, connecting a series of small
forts. WHEELER."
(Dated Saturday afternoon.)
"To Cxoneral Shafter: We can plainly
see Santiago, less than seven miles
away. The country is level for six
miles this side of the city, except for
hills on the south, which extend to
within a mile of Santiago. These hills
appear deserted. Thr> country is fairly
open and it will not be difficult to move
troops over It. General Chaffee occu
pies Sevilla to-day. YOUNG."
(Dat£d Saturday evening.)
INTERVENTION MUST
NOT BE TOLERATED
Spanish Journals Say It Would Be
Better to Deal Directly
With the Enemy.
MADRID, June 2C— The Cabinet held a
long session to-day for the purpose of
devising: national defenses, Senor Sagasta
endeavoring to persuade his colleagues to
defer the consideration of domestic ques
tions. Changes in the Ministry were dis
cussed. The tone of the press is despond
ent and many journals bemoan the fact
that tho powers have abandoned Spain
while she is defending their cause. They
say that France, having 'received com
mercial concession from Washington, re
mains indifferent, while Germany keeps
in the background and Russia uses Spain
as a cat's paw in her diplomacy. Spain
murt in no case, the papers declare, ac
cept the intervention of Europe. It
would be better to treat directly with the
enemy.
It is hoped in official circles that the
Spanish forces will be able to defend San
tiago until General Pando's re-enforce
ments arrive there by forced marches.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33 and 3S.
222-224 SUTTER STREET.
SPECIAL
Monday — Tuesday —Wednesday
HAMS, best Eastern, regular 13c 1b.....
.Ib. lie
CORN, fancy Maine goods, regularly
12Kc. ...:.. ..n0w 10c can, $1.20 doz.
CATSUP, New Era brand, none bet- '-;*
ter even at a higher price, regularly
20c. bot .......................bot. 15c
BAKING POWDER, New Era, guar-
anteed pure, regularly 40c Ib can 80c
COCKTAILS, "Sunset" brand, regu-
. larly $1.00....... bot. 75c
CARPET SWEEPERS— To close
out this line we will sell at the follow- '.
ing prices ...........1"....
$1.50, $1.75, $2.00, $2.50
Regularly $2.00, $2.50, $3.00, $3.50.
Country orders carefully packed, shipped free
100 miles.
Ask for Catalogue. ■
LAST OPPORTUNITY
TO MAKE CONNECTION W.TH
FIRST STEAMERS IP THE TOON
RIVER TO
DAWSON CITY.
— BRUNSWICK,
Limited First-Class Accommodations.
POSITIVE gS If V O
SAILING MJ %J imi I Cm* 9
Howard-Street Wharf,
Connecting with elegant new river steamship
LEON.
SECOND TRIP
S.S.LEELANAU/
JULY ;25.
FIRST-CLASS SERVICE.
LOWEST RATES.
The Alaska Exploration Co.,
Liebes Euildin , : 139 Post Street.
THE PRICE OF
CROWN FLOUR
- HAS THIS DAY BEEN REDUCED
25c PER BARREL.
. San Francisco. Jane 17, 1598. -:':':■
OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Corresponding V.'lth Any of the Following Firms Please Mention "Tht Call."
ART GLASS. '
California Art Glass. Bending and Cutting
Works, 103-105 Mission St., cor. Spear.
Embossing. Staining, Beveling. Wm.
Schroeder, Pres. Telephone Main 868.
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
flrtlstlc furniture and f^rt Ware Importers.
117 SUTTER STREET.
ARTIFICIAL LIMBS.
MEHI7A CPDIVfi Proprietor. Send for meas- ,
JllCruU SrKlrlU ure blanks. V. S. Commls- |
slon, 9 Geary St.. S. F.
ARTISTIC FURNITURE.
rivrv £ CVHlkini CD Bank, Office and Saloon
FINK & buHNDLfcK, Fittings, 1309 Market
Bt. Telephone South 267. '
AUCTIONEERS.
Live Stock FIT I IP £TO v Montgomery St..
Auctioneers. HiLLlr tt WU- San Francisco.
BELTING.
LD npfiPW Manufacturer of Belting and
. T. UEULn, Lace Leather, 105-107 Mis- ;
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562. I
Agent for Rubber Belting and Packing.
BICYCLES.
♦98 Model Cleveland Bicycles
Sell for 160, $65 and $75. Crescents, In Men's
i and Ladles' $35. Second-hand Wheels, $10 and
up. LEAVITT & BILL. 303 Larkln street.
BOILER MAKERS.
_ «f W. J. Brady's Patent
ti fill DETACHABLE
(|jgi3»sSBf*^3& for Steam Boilers,
e ***Ba3J&J§£j Manufactured by
EUREKA BOILER WORKS!
' W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid ta Repairs and Ship Work.
; Offioe and Works— MISSION STREET
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FEAHCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell,
Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
BOOKBINDERS.
JD MnTMWDI? Bookbinder and Printer,
, Pi lllbllUlflii. 422 Commercial street.
CAMPING AND OUTING GOODS.
GUNS AND FISHING TACKLE.
CLABROUGH, GOLCHER & CO.
538 Market Street.
SEND FOR CATALOGUE.
COAL, COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
900 BATTERY. STREET.
Te!eph,>nexSliiin 1564.
COPPERSMITH*
Joseph Fox. Supt. H. Blyth. Mgr.
; C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing:, Steamboat
and. Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone, Main 5641.
CORSETS, WAISTS AND UNDERWEAR.
Mrs.M,H.OBER&CO. EQUIPOISE WAISTB.
flirS.lti.n.UDEK S tU. 34 6e>ry , t .,Tel. Red 1401
COSTUMERS.
GOLDSTEIN & CO., costumers; wigs; play-
books. 733 Market street. Telephone Main 1615.
DENTIST.
PR- C V ■ RICHARDS, sk^rne^iarny.
DRAYAQE.
McNAB & SMITH,
Draymen, Mercantile Warehouse.
Stands— 2os Davis St. and Corner Fifth
and Bluxome Sts. Telephone, Main 1872.
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE).
REDINGTQN & CO, s s o ce n c s n t s d . a^i s^i c n n 4-
EYES EXAMINED.
BERTELING OPTICAL COMPANY,
Scientific Opticians and Manufacturers of
Optical Goods, 14 and 16 Kearny street.
FIRE INSURANCE.
EDWARD BROWN & SON,
407-409 Montgomery st.
Capital Represented over $14,000,000
FIREWORKS.
CALIFORNIA FIREWORKS CO.; only makers
on the coast. 219 Front st. tel. Front 33.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
IA? RftYF? £ fft Shipping Butchers. 10S
JAS- JdUICS tt tU, f Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
FLOUR.
ViTIAViI Flour Mills. J. Martenstein & Co.
nAIIUfIAL S.W. cor. Battery and Pacific sts.
You know that our minister used to be a practicing
physician. He was a graduate of the College of Physi-
cians and Surgeons, New York, and he says of Ripans
Tabules that the formula has long been in favor with
medical men, but the method of preparation in the pres-
ent form is modern and a very great convenience. He
lately spoke of them to me in these very words : "I
always keep a vial of the Tabules upon my dressing-
table and use them with confidence whenever occasion
arises. ? For a disturbed condition of the digestive or-
gans I know of nothing so good, and for an 'all round*
family remedy I do not believe there is anything better
to be had'
THWTKM.KSOWS AND RICLrABLE OT,b ! MSB/ ■ Gn»r»nt^a • \i charges, or any inflamm".'
JL op«tialistciire«Prlvate,Nervous,B!oo<Jaiic!Sklu | **« not to strlemre. . tion, irritation or ulccra-
I):9caspaof Men only. Manly Power restore I. Over ff»H|PreTent» eontailon. : tion of macom mem-
.Oyettrs'pxppripnce. .Send for Book, frpe. i*»tients BfaTt THEEvAN3CHEWOH.no. branes - Non-astringent.
aiiTdatHome, T^rms reasonable. Hours. 9 to 3 W£& c ,umu k m WKft Sold by Drnrri, J
tially;B:3otoB.™f>v')rs. finndnvs, 10 tor.'. Consul w «CIHCIIIMri,O.raj ™ lv "» "™K>^
tloufree and sacredly confldentie 1 . full or address \&s£t^ C. S. a. 2sffl ?T? T sent ln Plain • i' PI I
*». Rosror. McSUtTT. M. I*.- "^^^^^l &oo! xx o I ? ll s 1 l,o?tS! l ei.75 01
2«^ KSABHT BTEEET, SAN raANOISCO, CAL *^*M^*V " Olrcniar mt on r>qimt.
IfipilPl^l'irSliKi k
l*lftElHa.M!H.'lfJllfalMgJ \SST33Q MARKET ST. S.F.>SS»'
HARDWARE.
D ALACE Hardware Co. , Imp orters 8 Dealers
* in Hardware. 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
HARNESS AND VEHICLES.
LEIBOLD HARNESS CO., 211 Larkin St., S. F.
Wholesale and Retail Manufacturers of all
kinds of Harness and dealers In Buggies.
Carts, etc. If you want bargains call or writ*
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton & Hedloy. Props..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every Do-
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
JEWELERS.
W. K. VANDERSLICE CO.
GOLD AND SILVER SMITHS, 136 Sutter Bt..
San Francisco. Telephone Main 917.
LIME JUICE AND CORDIALS
MADE purely of limes and lemons In bottle*
and cases. L. G. Sresovich Co., 521 Sanoome st.
MARINE INSURANCE.
SWISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPANIES.
Combined Capital, $4,000,000.
SYZ & CO., Agents,
301 California st.
MATTRESSES AND IRON BEDS.
THF RF&VH4Pn Mattress Co.. 642 Mission
IUC DCnmiAnll st. Telephone Main 1874.
OPTICAL GOODS.
TI lINTIY Headquarters for fine Jewelry and
• LlMl/I? full IS-k. Wedding Rings. 4 3d St.
PAPER DEALERS.
Wll I AMFTTF PULP AND PAPER CO.,
TTILLHiTILI I L 722 Montgomery Street.
PIANOS. "
The Oldest Firm and Largest Stock.
PIANO and MUSIC STORE,
KOHLER & CHASE,
28 and 30 O'Farrell St.
A corps of expert tuners and repairers.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
V AI) kV Agency. Reloading, developing, print-
IVVllAning. T. P. Andrews, 109 Montgomery.
.
REAL ESTATE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
REAL ESTATE. RENT COLLECTORS.
General Auctioneers. 14 Montgomery st.
SEWING MACHINES.
'TinMCQTIO" Pre-eminently the machine for
UUIYILOIiU family use. 1021 Market street,
near Sixth.
SOAP.
GD I ITfV X- f A 123 California «tr««t.
■ ft, LLwI a VU,, room 37. Tel. Main 1681.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Tel c e hlc PARTRIDGE, 3f°o^3 f ° 0^
THE HICKS- JUDD CO., STn l^ .t
TAILOR AND IMPORTER.
Rooms ru ICDI ICC Claus Spreckela
407, 40S 409, 410 VSIA J DLI 3- Uldg., 4th Floor.
TARTAR WORKS.
i £\ALIFORNIA TARTAR WORKS,
G. De LATOUR, Manager.
Office 318 Front Street, San Francisco.
TYPE FOUNDERS.
PACIFIC States Type Foundry, successors
to Hawks & Shattuck. The Home Industry
House, 508 Clay st.
TYPEWRITERS.
J|||. ALL TYPEWRITERS RENTED.
Bjj^SLj^ Few partly used for sals cheat.
Ji^?«py^i«w Send for samples and prices.
L. * M. ALEXANDER; 110 Montgomery.
WAGONS AND TRUCKS.
HENRY B. SCHINDLER, manufacturer of
carriages, buggies, etc. ; repairing done la
first-class style at fair prices for good work.
12S Spear st. ; tel. Main 295.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
Forwarding Agents and Public Weigher*.
General Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses.
General office, 210 California st. Tel. Main 1914.
WINES AND LIQUORS.
GO to T. M. FERGUSON, 733 Market st.
Wholesale and retail Special 15-year-old
Hermitage. Near Claus Spreckels building.
BATHING SUITS. —
'KNITTING CO. NearKearnyBt
HEADQUARTERS FOR
BATHING SUITS, SWEATERS.
Perfect Fitting
i Silk, Woolen and Linen Mesh Underwear
34
MONDAY JUNE 27, 1898
JOHN D. SPR ECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third SuTsTfT
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS .217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
Washington <d. o office Ri£*s Hou««
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Mnrquettc Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, ooen until
9:30 o'cloak- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkm street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- !505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW- corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUbLMENTa,
Columbia— "Fort Frayne "
Baldwin- '• Tho Passion Play 1 ' *
California— "Undo Tom's Cabin."
Alcazar— -Frederick the Great
Morofeco's— "The Gossoon
Tlvoll — "Boeeacolo "
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Red Cross Benefit, Tuesday evening
June 23.
The Chutes— Zoo, Vaudeville and Cannon, the 613-pound Man.
Olympla— Corner Mason nnd Eddy streets, Specialties.
Sutro's Baths Swlmminsr.
El Cam Music, dancinir.boating-, fishing 1 , every Sunday.
Oakland Racetrack ßaces to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By Geo. F. Latnson — This day, June 27, Immense Library, at
-corner Market and Seventh streets, at 2 and ~,:M Y. m.
OUR DOLLARS AND GUNS.
THE United States is to-day the most conspicuous
nation in the world. Europe is regarding us
with an astonished and askant eye. The Orient
does not know what to make of us. Within a twelve
month the Yankee nation, which had hitherto been
ugaided as a rich and progressve republic engrossed
in raising hogs and wheat away off in one corner of
tl'e planet, has suddenly loomed up on the horizon
as the coming dominant power of the world, just as
Rome rose, several thousand years ago. Its fields
are feeding Europe, its fleets are sinking and battering
down everything that stands against them, its armies
are sailing across seas to invade foreign countries,
and its bankers are getting rid of some of their sur
plus gold by loaning it to Europe. This same Yankee
nation has suddenly become an enormous factor to be
considered in all future calculations of diplomacy,
and the question is now being freely asked, Where
will America stop?
The foregoing is suggested by a significant para
graph in the weekly commercial report of R. G. Dun
& Co., as follow?: "Very little of the new business
seen, in proportion to the aggregate, has been caused
by the war. Not any, discoverable by ordinary tests,
has been prevented by the war. Neither has the col
lapse of the wheat speculation caused the excessive
relative decrease of shipments, for exports continue
remarkably large. Gold comes or does not come, as
we want it, the world's markets being evidently at
our command. An offering of bonds by the Govern
ment brings out at the start bids for more than three
times the amount offered, while the popular subscrip
tion already for three-quarters of the amount exhibits
in strong light the confidence of the people."
This paragraph tells the story of our marvelous
commercial rise. There is probably no other nation
in the world which could carry on a foreign war with
so little internal disturbance. In fact, there is no dis
turbance. As far as the humdrum stability of trade is
concerned, there is no war. The industries are main
taining their production with surprising continuity.
The great agricultural regions are calling upon the
factories for enormous quantities of implements,
fencing, cars, building material and railway equip
ment. The seaports are exporting vast quantities of
■wheat, corn and provisions. The railways are re
porting earnings considerably in excess of any pre
vious year. Gold is being sent into the country from
Europe faster than we want it, and we are glad to
loan it back to keep down the surplus. And so it
goes, all along the line.
The great staples show no particular change from
last week. Wool continues quiet, with a steady under
tone, however, which presages a possible revival
later on. Cotton manufacturing has considerably
improved, but the iron trade is quieter. The country's
bank clearings show a gain of 17.4 per cent over the
same week last year. The failures exhibit an increase,
being 285 for the week, against 216 for the same week
in 1897, this being the only unfavorable feature in
sight. The exports of wheat from Atlantic ports for
the week were 3,246,000 bushels, against 1,446.000 last
year, and of corn 2,575.000 bushels, against 1,661.000.
The world still needs our grain, and the exports thus
far this year amount to 213.820.000 bushels of wheat
and 207.317,000 bushels of corn, far more than was
ever before exported in one year. Against this flat
tering exhibit, however, is noted the increase in fail
ures before remarked and a quieting down of the
distributive trade in some parts of the country. But
then it must be remembered that this distributive
trade has lately been abnormally large. The crop
prospects continue fine, but previous extravagant es
timates of the -size of the grain crop are not main
tained.
The local situation is bright. San Francisco mer
chants generally look forward to a fine fall trade,
basing their expectations upon the relative condition
of crops and prices. The fruit-growers, as already
remarked, are doing well, fresh fruit bringing better
returns than for some years, and the dried fruit out
look being brilliant. Even at this early day Europe
is cabling for our views as to possible prices for
apricots and prunes, but the growers, confident of a
good year, decline to name any quotations. The can
ners are scouring the interior for peaches and apri
cots, and are paying good prices with refreshing
cheerfulness. Prices for hay and grain are above the
normal for some years back, and though wheat has
been very depressed of late, a reaction is confidently
expected by the shrewd ones in the trade. Cattle,
sheep and hogs are bringing good prices, and hogs
have risen to a figure where local dealers are impelled
to import dressed hogs from the West. Provisions
are in steady demand at profitable quotations, and the
inquiry for hides is brisk. In short, almost every
thing produced by the farmer is selling well at prices
which enable him to make a good living off his land,
nnd as long as this condition of affairs continues the
State will be prosperous.
CRITICISM THAT HURTS.
AS a rule Republicans can regard with compara
tive indifference the criticisms made upon the
policies and performances of their party by
Democratic opponents. These policies have proven
so advantageous to the nation, and the performances
have so far fulfilled all platform promises, that in the
main the Republican position is unassailable. In the
lack of legislation for the purpose of promoting an
American merchant marine, however, one point of
weakness is found, and that point has been so ex
posed of late through the difficulty experienced by the
Government in obtaining transport ships that an at
tack upon it is extremely harassing.
The abler and more aggressive organs of the Dem
ocrats have been quick to spy out Oils weakness in
the Republican position and turn their batteries upon
it. All along the line the great free trade journals of
the East are harping upon the .lack of transports,
charging the Republican party with responsibility for
our deficient merchant marine and vigorously de
nouncing the majority in Congress for not providing
a remedy for the evil.
The attacks of course are unfair. Like all Demo
cratic criticisms upon Republican administrations,
they are largely made up of misrepresentations, and
not infrequently they so distort the facts as to vir
tually amount to falsehoods. Nevertheless there is
a sufficient element of truth in them to make them
effective weapons in political discussion.
The New York Times is right in saying: "Th*
most urgent need of the Government now is trans
port ships. Our military operations are delayed, our
brave men are endangered and perishing daily because
re-enforcements of troops and material are held back
for want of transports." Equally right is the Phila
delphia Record in the statement: "It is a very slip
shod and shortsighted beginning in a policy of colo
nization and imperialism to be seizing islands — near
and remote, in the Atlantic and Pacific — and to be
hammering down forts, while at the same time we
are unable to find the means of transporting our sol
diers to occupy the territory we have seized or to
fight for its retention."
It is no effective answer to these charges to say
that the Democrats when in power did no more for
American shipping than the Republicans have done.
It would be a sad state of affairs indeed if Republican
performances were to be measured by Democratic
standards. The party of protection to all American
industries can never justify itself for neglecting one
of them by asserting that the opposition party has
done no better.
The Republican platform of 1896 declared: "We
favor restoring the early American policy of discrim
inating duties for the upbuilding of our merchant
marine and the protection of our shipping in the
foreign carrying trade, so that American ships — the
product of American labor employed in American
shipyards, sailing under the stars and stripes and
manned, officered and owned by Americans — may
regain the cam-ing of our foreign commerce."
On that platform and upon that pledge the people
elected a Republican President and a Republican Con
gress. Up to this time, however, not a single step
has been taken to foster and promote our merchant
marine. Now the nation needs transports, and be
hold it has none. We have been compelled to grant
American registry to foreign vessels in order to
embark our troops to Manila and to Cuba. It is not
to be wondered that astute Democrats have chosen
this point for attack upon the Republican record, and
it is safe to pay they will continue it until they are
silenced by legislation in fulfillment of the pledge.
THE ELECTIONS IN EUROPE.
WE have been so much engaged with war
matters of late that we have given but little
attention to affairs in Europe outside of reports
of possible European interference with our control
of Manila. Much, however, has been going on there
that is worthy of notice and even of study. This is
particularly true of the recent elections in France and
Germany, where the results have been widely different
from what might have been expected by persons who
have thought only of wars and international compli
cations.
In both countries the elections have shown that the
people are thinking a great deal more of home affairs
than of any territorial or military expansion. They
show, moreover, that the drift of public sentiment in
both countries is toward economic and social re
forms. The Radicals virtually triumphed in France
and the Socialists made larger gains than any other
party in Germany. There is of course a wide differ
ence between French radicalism and German social
ism, so far as their political programmes go, but the
spirit among the people which animates the move
ment in the two countries is essentially the same —
that of discontent with the existing order of things
and revolt against its authority.
The election results in Germany have been, it is
said, highly irritating to the Emperor. His aggres
sive foreign policy carried out in China and his ap
peal to the warlike spirit of his people through the in
crease of the navy has apparently not affected the
popular mind in the least. They voted on local issues
without regard to imperial policies, and elected so
many Socialists that the Emperor is quoted as hav
ing said, "It is time to stop persuasion and try more
drastic measures, or these fellows will destroy all."
It is clear that both in France and in Germany the
people are at this time more intent on providing a
remedy for wrongs at home than upon acquiring
glory abroad. In neither country are the majority
of citizens so devoted to the army as reports would
sometimes incline us to believe. This attitude of the
public mind in two such powerful nations may be an
augury of a long peace, but it may also be the oppo
site. Governments have been known in times past
to go to war simply to distract the attention of their
people from local affairs. If the Germans persist in
talking of socialism despite the Kaiser's bluff at war
in the Orient, he may some day be induced to try the
effect of a real war. That would probably seem to
many of his counselors a safer means of checking
the home revolt than his suggested drastic measures
of suppression.
Some of those rioting women up in Wisconsir
ought to be drafted for service in Cuba. Then the
Spaniards would never stop running until they had
jumped into the bay.
Apparently every man under arms who gets the
least chance to show that he is a hero straightway
takes advantage of the chance.
While there is every likelihood that Havana lacks
both ammunition and food, Blanco's typewriter
hasn't acknowledged it yet.
No apology has appeared in the Examiner for the
bogus Hobson letter. But then, the apology would
have been a fake, too.
It is now too late to talk of any compromise peace
conditions. The Spaniards must simply pack up and
get out.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 27, 1898.
THE PROGRESS Op THE WAR.
DURING the past week the land fighting in
Cuba began vigorously on the part of our
troops and was met by a guerrilla resistance on
the part of the Spaniards. A contest resulted of suf
ficient importance to be heralded as the first land
battle of the war, though when measured by the
mighty conflicts of our civil strife it would hardly
have been noted as a skirmish. The advance of our
troops was checked for hardly more than an hour
and we now have Santiago invested on the land side
as well as blockaded by sea.
According to the reports, the advance of our|roops
was largely aided by the forces of the Cubans. They
co-operated with considerable effect and managed
to hold the attention of a large number of Spaniards,
thus preventing a consolidation of the entire Spanish
force against our advance guard. These reports of
Cuban activity are encouraging, for however ineffi
cient the insurgents might be in an open pitched bat
tle, it is unquestionable they can be of vast service in
watching and harassing any Spanish movements of
a bushwhacking or guerrilla character.
From the events of the week it seems clear the
Spanish generals do not intend to risk anything on a
battle in the open. The resistance made to ouradvance
could hardly have been designed to stop it. The aim of
the Spaniards seems to have been to take advantage
of the ground to ambuscade our troops wherever pos
sible, to kill as many as they could without great risk
to themselves, and then fall back the moment their
positions became subject to our attack. This means
of course that they will hold all their troops for the
defense of Santiago, and make their sole determined
fight behind the entrenchments of that city.
It is announced that General Shafter, after driving
the Spaniards into Santiago, will not make a deter
mined effort to capture the place until the arrival of
his artillery, which has been delayed. In the mean
time there may be severe skirmishing almost every
day with the Spanish forces in the suburbs. It has
ceased to be wholly a one-sided contest. We no
longer get reports of conflicts ending with the an-
nouncement "No loss on our side." Mourning and
grief are now to be heard in American homes as well
as in those of Spain, and the war is on in earnest.
Reports from Madrid are encouraging to the hopes
of an early return of peace. The Ministry is going
to pieces. The war party is said to have lost prestige
and the prediction is made that even if Sagasta main
tains his position as Premier he will within a week
make every effort possible to put an end to a conflict
in which Spain has no hope of gaining anything.
Too much confidence, however, should not be placed
in these reports. The Spaniards are a stubborn peo
ple. The war is not costing them very much. Their
fleets are resting quietly in port. Their troops are
already in Cuba. It entails no great expenditure to
maintain them there, and the chances are they will not
surrender to us either Santiago or Havana until we
have compelled them by fore; of arms.
A BOOK FOR LOVERS.
SENATOR STEWART, as is well known, has
long been in the habit of loading his speeches
on financial questions with quotations from
what lie calls "eminent authorities." They are now
telling a story in Washington to the effect that at the
close of a lengthy extract read by Stewart in a recent
speech Senator Hoar inquired from what book the
Senator from Nevada had been reading. "It is an
analysis of the functions of money, by William M.
Stewart, United States Senator," was the reply.
This book, which places Senator Stewart himself
among the eminent authorities who have written on
financial subjects in a manner agreeable to the fiat
money theorists, has now been received at this office,
and since it comes to us direct with "the compliments
of the author" it is entitled to something more than
a mere book notice. It is a small volume of only
ninety-four pages and affords a proof that the Sen
ator, although unwearying in speech, is not so ex
haustless with the pen. Compared with his usual
financial utterances, what he has written might be de
scribed as a booklet rather than a work.
The volume is dedicated to "the young men and
women of the United States who are contemplating
matrimony with its inevitable responsibilities." It
may be regarded, therefore, as a book for lovers, to
be read in dimly lighted parlors where the gas is
turned low, rather than for statesmen or politicians
to study in the full blaze of fierce political con
troversies.
The reason why the volume is dedicated to those
who contemplate matrimony is explained by the
author. He says: "The families and friends of
yjsung women oppose their marriage with young men
otherwise worthy on account of the fear that it will
be impossible for the united efforts of both to save
them from poverty and want. The author believes
that a careful study of this book will enable the people
through the intelligent exercise of the elective
franchise to restore the conditions enjoyed by former
generations when happy homes were established
throughout our vast domain."
The volume is in effect a campaign document di
rected to those voters who are contemplating matri
mony and desire good times as well as a honeymoon.
It opens with a long quotation from Aristotle con
cerning the functions of money and proceeds to argue
from the Aristotelian dictum that money is not a
commodity but a creation of law. The fact that the
number of men in high official station and of pro
fessors of political economy in American colleges who
hold the opposite view is increasing does not affect
the Senator in the slightest. He says: "The conten
tion maintained by the fading intellectual capacity of
economists, or by the selfish cunning of money get
ters, that gold is money must be regarded in the
same light as the contention that the world is flat, or
that witchcratt was a well-known device of the devil."
The chief end and object of the book is to show
that a? money is a creation of law, it will be as easy
for Congress to make it out of silver as out of gold.
This contention has been argued over so much in this
country in recent years it is not worth while to go
over it again. We would be glad if Senator Stewart's
book should encourage matrimony, for marriage is
a good thing, but we advise nobody to marry on a
fiat basis and hope to support a family by voting for
free silver.
When Roosevelt's Rough Riders get into action
there seems to be no distinction between the cowboy
and the rich young man supposed to be of the kid
glove brand.
Announcement is made that Madrid does not "like
the signs" to be read in the vicinity of Santiago.
Occasionally even Madrid can display indications of
temporary sanity.
French statesmen seem coy about going into a Cab
inet where their one effective act would be that of
resigning to avoid being kicked out. .
Sometimes an unworthy suspicion arisej that
Sampson's reduction of Spanish forts is the reductio
ad absurdum we read about.
EDITORIAL COMMENTS ON THE WAR.
NO MACHINE-MADE WARRIORS.
So with machine-made armies and navies. They can be built up Into
splendid masses, they can be taught bravery as a mechanical habit, and
even heroism as a matter of obedience. But no magnificence of manufac
ture can equal the creation animated by its own spirit. Intelligence— the
mastery of mind over matter— is bound to be a controlling factor in the
world's destinies, and the soldier who feels while he fights— who knows that
he is part and not a tool of the whole— who willingly makes himself a ma
chine for another to work with, because he understands the causes and aims
of such subordination— such a warrior is bound in the end to overcome all
foes. The American idea is that of many in one, as opposed to the foreign
principle of one in many. A high standard can be set and kept in the me
chanical limit. Its strength without the hold of its creator is like the speed
of an engine whose engineer is not at the throttle— great, but wild, danger
ous, full of mischievous possibilities— following blindly what is to its dark
ened powers of perception, a blind fate. But where the human element is
recognized and fostered, this blind submission of matter is not possible. As
perfect a system of discipline as rigid and stern in its requirements as any
in use in Europe, is possible under our institutions. But it can never be so
machine-made, for in each man, it is enlightened by intelligence, fostered
by sympathy, and its vital springs of action lie in appeals to both head and
heart. — Baltimore American.
MAY STIMULATE POETS.
That our literary sense may be greatly stimulated before we get through
Is surely possible. Our poets may mature with the war. But we should
not expect the benefit to be confined to one only of the belligerents. Spain
has a literary tradition that casts ours into the shade; she has a large body
of respectable contemporary writers. They should certainly feel the quick
ening and fructifying influence of war, if Sir Walter Besant is right. But
Senora Emilia Pardo Bazan, speaking for them in the last number of the
Revue dcs Revues, says that the war has brought them to a kind of sterile
despair. "When a nation finds itself at the edge of a precipice," she writes,
"it is forced to withdraw its attention from its writers. Letters require a
tranquil spirit." We are bound to believe that the Spaniard, tasting the
bitterness of war, is nearer the truth than the Englishman, knowing it
only as a spectacle. — New York Evening Post.
ENLISTED MEN OF THE NAVY.
The splendid behavior of the enlisted men of the navy in this war Is in
perfect harmony with the most cherished traditions of the service. It may
not be possible to excel the devotion, the patriotism, the heroism of the
sailors of the Union in former wars, but it settled beyond doubt that the
crews of our modern ships are equal to any emergency, are unsurpassed in
bravery and efficiency by the best of their predecessors in the United States
service, or any of their contemporaries under other flags. The men of
Dewey's squadron, the men with Sampson and Schley, the crew of the Ore
gon, all display those great qualities without which the best ships, the
finest equipment and the most capable commanders would be less likely to
win victories than to encounter defeats; those qualities with which good
ships, under capable commanders, are practically invincible in any' fight in
which they have a possibility of victory. Congress and the country used
to be officially informed annually that the crews of our warships were chiefly
composed of "the refuse of foreign navies." It was, perhaps, an exaggera
tion, yet there was too much truth in it. But "we have changed all that."
The sailors of foreign birth are as reliable, capable and patriotic as their
messmates who are native born. In the navy, as in the army and in civil
life, native and adopted citizens display equal loyalty to the Government,
equal zeal in defense of the flag, equal and unsurpassable heroism when vol
unteers for daring, dangerous or even desperate deeds are called for. —
Washington Post.
GENUINE AMERICAN UNITY.
Now the interests of the country are one. The division is only history.
No power of guns can keep the Supreme Court from making any decisions
it pleases, within the constitution and laws, as to States' rights, and such
decisions must affect all the States equally. There is absolutely no division
now, nor is any division on the lines possible in the future. There is no more
reason why Grant and Lee may not be considered, without prejudice, as
great characters in American history, than why Cromwell and Prince
Rupert may not be so considered in English history. The supporters of the
King were expected to submit, not resent, while Cromwell was Protector.
The supporters of Parliament were expected to submit, not resent, when the
Stuarts returned to the throne. There is room for genuine American unity
on the same basis now, and the proposition to return the Confederate flags
is an invitation to union on this basis. There can be no doubt of the result,
for the invitation has been accepted long ago, and American pride in the
achievements of Dewey, once of Vermont, and Hobson, once of Alabama
both now of America— will cement the unity of feeling that community of
interest has long demanded and banish all present feeling of hostility from
the recollection of the antagonism of the past.— Florida Times-Union and
Citizen.
ENTANGLING ALLIANCES.
Twelve ?-ears after the father of his country admonished us against "en
tangling alliances," Robert Fulton first practically demonstrated the propo
sition of the propulsion of ships by steam. Eight years later James Steph
enson built the first steam locomotive with a speed of rix miles an hour.
Fifteen years later a speed of thirty-five miles an hour was attained by the
builder of the first locomotive. Not until 1841 was the pratical application
of the screw propeller to steamships demonstrated. This, too, was done by
an American. Wedged in between these developments is the subjugation
of the subtle electric force to the uses of mankind. This>, again, was done
by an American. All of these marvelous inventions that have wrought such
changes in the physical, political and social world have been made since
Washington wrote that "at this great distance from the northern parts of
Europe we hear of wars and rumors of wars as if they were the events or
reports of another planet." We had a full account of the battle of Manila a
few hours after it occurred four thousand miles further from our shores
than are the northern parts of Europe. The father of his country might
have modified his advice to his beloved nation against "entangling alli
ances" had he known that so soon after his death we were to stretch our
domain across the continent; that we were to make the most distant parts
of the earth next door neighbors; that we wore to store up here in the nat
ural process of development a national energy, intelligence alnd wealth such
as the world has never seen. — St. Louis Republic.
HEROES OF THE STOKEHOLE.
At Manila, off Havana, before Santiago, in storm or in quiet seas, the
true heroes are those in the stokehole. With hatches battened, far down
below the .water line, knowing nothing of what is going on, it may be to
go down with the boat without hope of escape, with death in horrible
forms threatening on all sides, the men in the fire and engine rooms serve
their country and serve it well. On the deck, behind the guns, the compar
ative freedom and openness of the conflict stimulate; down below it is the
grimness of duty with nothing to relieve the tension and the surround
ings that make for physical depression if not mental despair. Here is a bit
of the log of the Oregon:
"On the morning of April 30 weather was scorching hot; down in the fire
and engine rooms the temperature reached 150 degrees Fahrenheit. The
Oregon plunged ahead at a speed of fourteen and a half knots, with only
natural draught. For ten hours she ran at this speed. In this run James
McGaragle, first fireman, was prostrated by heat, !>ut in a few minutes re
covered, and insisted on being taken back to his post. At no time, it is said
during the fntire voyage was the temperature in the engine room ever be
low 125 degrees."
This but fairly pictures the facts. They can with difficulty be realized
by those who fin<l a temperature of 98 in the free air, and with the breeze in
their face, oppressive and maddening. And yet the heroes of the stoke
hole stand this and more; even when the body gives way the mind still re
mains steadfast to its indomitable purpose to do and dare all. With the
names of those who, on deck or in turret, on a fair field, riding rough
charging with set face, meet glnry, should be set on high, above them, the
heroes of the stokehole. — Philadelphia Press.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
Russia is now building six first-class
battleships, one second-class ' battleship,
one coast defense ship, one armored
cruiser, three second-class protected
cruisers, three gunboats, seventeen tor
pedo boat destroyers, and ten torpedo
boats.
The Russian admiralty has offered a
prize for the best composition for coat
ing the bottom of ships-of-war to pro
tect the hull from fouling. Experiments
are now in progress in tropical waters
with upward of 100 different kinds sub
mitted for tests up to last February.
The French battleship Charlemagne has
passed through a. number of steam trials,
which were apparently satisfactory. With
14,300 horsepower she made 17.7 knots in
a run of four hours, and with only one
of her three screws in operation she de
veloped a speed of 8.3 knots with only
1500 horsepower.
Vickers, Sons and Maxim recently test
ed a thirteen-pounder quick-firing gun.
The shell weighed thirteen and a quarter
pounds, and twenty-seven rounds with
charges of sixteen and a half ounces
"ballistic" gave a velocity of 1650 foot
seconds. Fifteen rounds were fired in
sixty-seven seconds, or at the rate of
thirteen and a half rounds per minute.
With careful sighting the rapidity of fire
was ten rounds per minute.
The Highflyer, sheathed cruiser of 5600
tons, was launched at the Fairfleld yard,
on the Clyde, June 4. She is one of
twelve vessels hullt from the same de
sign, some of which are yet on the stocks.
They are expected to make nineteen and
a half knots with 10,000 horsepower. Im
proved Belleville boilers are being intro
duced in most of these ships, and ex
periments at the Falrfield yard show an
increase of evaporative efficiency of 3%
per cent over the ordinary Belleville
boiler.
Rear Admiral Arthur Khyvet Wilson,
controller in the British admiralty, won
his Victoria Cross in the following man
ner: In 1884 he was in the Soudan cam
paign, and was with the naval brigade
at El Teb. At the most critical moment
of the action a gap was made in the
British square, and half a dozen Der
vlahcs rushed at it to break in. Cap
tain Wilson, who was near the spot,
moved out alone to moet them. His
sword broke in cutting one man down,
but Wilson held his ground, knocking the
Dervishes down one after the other with
his fist. He escaped practically un
harmed and the square closed up and
rescued the gallant officer.
The "Queen's barge." which was last
publicly employed in conveying the body
of Nelson from Greenwich to Whitehall,
was built about 1725. The length is sixty
four feet, and beam six feet eight Inches
She was double banked, manned with
twelve oars, and her cabin had room for
twelve to fourteen persons. The boat
has been laid up for many years at Depi
ford, and In 1842 narrowly escaped being
sold out of service. Two still more an
cient boats, known as Queen Elizabeth's
barges, are also preserved at Deptford
They were built somewhere about 1700
and were used for many years in water
pageants on the Thames.
Fifteen battle and coast defense ships
in the French navy are undergoing radi
cal chances in their refits, which con
sists in taking out the ordinary marine
boilers and replacing them with water
tube boilers, and substituting guns of
smaller caliber but greater power The
secondary batteries are likewise im
proved, gun positions altered and super
structure reduced. The sum of $5,299 54*
has been voted for this purpose to be
expended by the year 1900, up to whlcn
time the following ships will have been
modernized as far as possible: Formid
able Courbet, Redoubtable. Admiral Bau
dln, Hoche, Marceau, Devastation, Nep
tune, Admiral Duperre, Magenta Cai
man Requln, Terrible, Indomptable and
Furleux. The Admiral Baudln will have
twelve-inch guns in turrets, instead of as
at present, 14.6-inch in barbette
The failure of the Terrible to steam
from Gibraltar to Portsmouth under 15,000
horsepower was due to defective engines.
The ship ran for twenty-four hours under
15,000 to 17,000 horsepower, when it was
discovered that one of the high-pressure
cylinders showed signs of giving way
and the power was at once reduced to
7000 horsepower, under which she limped
along at the rate of fifteen knots. There
Is no trouble with the boilers, but the en.
gineß will be opened out and defects made
good before further trials are made. In
the Powerful it was stated that one of
the engine foundations had settled, throw
ing the machinery out of line. Whatever
the causes may be, structural weakness
of hull or defective machinery', these two
monster ships are far from coming up
to expectations. The Powerful. In her
present condition, is only good for twelve
knots, the Terrible for fifteen knots, and
both of them are credited with twenty
two knots and over.
ANSWERS TO COBBESPONDENTS.
CARDS— T. F. L., City. The courts will
not recognize gamblingdebts.
PARK COMMISSIONERS-J. F., City.
The Commissioners of Golden Gate
„! .. w ere on June 20, IS9S, Joseph Austin
and A. b. Spreckels.
BLENHEIM-S. D., City. There is a
place called Blenheim in San Mateo coun
™nJVs^,ached by rail and team. Nine
team Colma and then twenty miles by
CLBAN, NOT CltelAN-CaD Reader,
nnt „ rw lye of Puba ls called a Cuban,
if written k,?-. Cuban is Pronounced as
as in mvV KU " ban ' wlth the sound of " v "
BATTLESHIPS^. S.. City. Of the
SbS'ine^b^^h^J? 8 ' the speed on trlal
101 l Tim in ?, Oregon was 16.78. the
lowa i(.09, Inuiana 15.546 and th*> Afncsn
chusetts 16.2. Q me lassa "
FRACTIONAL Cl'RrencY-L. E c
Oakland. Cal. The only 50-cent fraction*
currency for which a premium is offered
FIRST WHITE CHILD-R M c Val
lejn, Cal. The first child of English Da
rents born on the soil of the rnitert
States was Virginia Dare, born on Rn-ir.
oke Island, N. C. She wm the SSSI
daughter of John White, the Governorof
the colony. The date of her birth was
HOMESTEAD-J. L. W., Elk Cro»k.
Cal. An individual who has onc>- used
his homestead rights, everything having
been favorable and he having oT.tainM a
patent, cannot take up a second hnmp
stead. There are cases where the land
being unproductive the homsteader hav
ing been forced to relinquish, he may
make application for a second entry
CHARTERED VESSELS-M. S.. City.
The vessels that the Government has se
cured for the transport of troops to the
Philippines and other points have been
chartered for such time as the Govern
ment shall require them. As the Gov
ernment will have more troops to send
on after the departure of the third ex
pedition the City of Peking and others
will be hastened back here bo as to take
away the remainder, if there should be
need to send them to the Philippines
THE CHINA-In the answer published
in the Issue of Sunday as to measure
ment of the steamer China the figures
given were as taken from the register,
but it appears that it was not that par
ticular steamer China that the corre
spondent wanted to be informed about
The one he wished to know about is th«j
China that was until recently sailing
under the Hawaiian flag, but is now fly
ing the American flag and used as a
transport. The measurement of that one
is: Gross register, 4697 tons; net 2401
length, 440.4 feet; breadth, 48.1 feet and
depth, 32.8 feet.
IN THE PUBLIC EYE.
The first woman appointed by the Gov
ernment as superintendent of nurses in
the Civil War was Miss Dorothea Dlx of
Worcester, Mass.
The Chartered Company at Cape Town
is now paying for the education of the
three sons of the once great and dreaded
chief of Matabeleland.
The statue of President Kruger, to be
erected at Pretoria, is to be topped off
with a "stove-pipe" hat. a decision which
is causing- shivers nnd horrors in artistic
circles, and even among artists who them
selves wear similar hats.
Among dug-up things about Admiral
Dewey is an impression of his hand taken
by Dr. C. L. Perm. a palmist of Washing
ton, two years ago. Dr. Perm's reading
of the hand tells many things which th«
Spaniards would have found useful If
they could but have had it in time.
Captain Charles V. Grfdley, who com
manded Admiral Dewey's flagship, tho
Olympia, at Manila, is a native of Indi
ana and a graduate of Annapolis in 1863.
Hp was made a captain in March of last
year. He saw service in the Civil War,
notably in the battle of Mobile Bay.
Cai. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend"s.»
Giving up business, pro-nuine eyeglasses
15c to 40c. 65 Fourth street, next barber;
also Sunday till 2 p. m. •
Celebrate the Fourth with California
fireworks. Buy direct from makers. Cal
ifornia Fireworks Co.. 219 Front st. •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by ttaa
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1043. •
The "elephant beetle" of Venezuela 's
the largest insect In the world. -^ full
grown one weighs about half a pound.
Excursion to the Yellowstone Park.
A personally conducted excursion will leavt
this city July 12 for the Yellowstone Park, via
the "Shasta Route" and Northern Pacific Rail
way. Tourists will be accommodated In first*
class Pullman cars; tickets will be sold, in«
eluding' berths, meals and trip throusrr tht
Park. Send for circular giving rate and itlner*
ary to T. K. STATE LER, General Agerf
Northern Pacific Railway. 63S Market St.. S. F,
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup*
Has been used over fifty years by millions c 4
mothers for their children while Teething wit>
perfect success. It soothes the child, tofterj
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, rege
ulates the Eowels and is the best remedy fof
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething c#
ether causes. For sale by Druggists in everf
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrt
Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
CORONADO— Atmosphere is perfectly drT,
eoft and mild. being entirely free from th«
mists common further north. Round-trtp tick
tts, by steamship. Including fifteen days' boar 4
at the Hotel del Coronado. $65: longer stay,
J2 50 per day. Apply 4 New Montgomery « .
8. F., or E. S. BABCOCK. Manager Hotel dti
Coronado, Coronado. Cal.
■ ♦ ■
The Santa Fe Route will run second exeu*»
sion to Grand Canyon of the Colorado,' Arizona
on Thursday. June 30. Noted scientists will a*.
company the party. A pleasant and profitable
trip. Get full particulars at No. 6i* Market rt.
APVEBTISEMEBTTS.
A BEAUTY SCREEN
Tour shirt front will prove to be wfe«n
it is laundered at the U. S. Laundry.
A man feels like somebody when ha
can esconce himself behind a shirt front
that looks like new, every day in the
week, or don a collar or cuff that Is a*
perfect as if bought that Ca.y, every
time he arrays him- If in linen "don«
up" here. Our laundry work is perfect.
United States Laundry, office
1004 Market street. Taie^3>n«
South 420.THE U. S. STEAMER BENNINGTON.
The, gunboat Bennlng-ton, that for several months has been stationed in Hawaiian waters, cam© into the harbor yester
day, bringing a great quantity of mail matter from the troops of the first expedition to Manila. The vessel will go to tno
navy yard in a ft-w days to go on the drydock.
MAIL FROM THE
SOLDIER BOYS
The Bennington in Port
From Honolulu.
WAS TEN DAYS COMING UP
DELAYED BY HEAD WINDS AND
A FOUL BOTTOM.
A Fleet of Whitehall Boats Now Be
ing Got Ready for the Big
Race in the Fourth of
July Regatta.
The gun. I nington arrived from
Honolulu yesterday, having taken ten
days to make the run. She baa be* n a
long time off the drydock and in conse
quence grass and barnacles have grown
on her bottom and they retarded her
speed. Then for three days she was
plunging into a heavy head sea. so that
all things d, the warship made
good time. With her bottom cleaned and
painted the Bennlnffton could easily cover
the Bame distance in six days.
Owing to the Peru being long overdue
at Honolulu tha Hawaiian Government
I Captain Nichols to bring up the
mail that was intended for that steamer.
In consequence the Bennington brought
up thirty-three biig-s of matter, which
made the largest individual mail ever
'••nolulu. In It were letters
urnl papers from every soldier on the
transports City of Peking, City of Byd
ney ;-.v.d Australia, the general
Hawaiian mail. As things have turned
out, both the Peru anil Coptic g"t in
. ; of th<- gunboat, but still the letters
arrived in time for all practical pur-
The officers of the Bennington are:
Captain, H. E. Nichols; executive officer.
Lieutenant Commander C. K. Cur Up..
navigating officer, Lieutenant EL J.
lieutenants, H. <;. Winterhalter
and C. P. Baton; ensigns, R. C. Bulnvr,
"W. S. Whittel and G. E. Gelm; Passed
'.-uit Burgeon E. I. Ston.-; chief en
: - ■ stant paymaster,
m I J . dv bols; pay clerk, w. D. liul
; tain Nichols Is well known in San
Francisco, and pleas, d as h>- Is to get
back here, he will t>e far bt tt( r pl<
when his ship has been on the drydock
und overhauled and he is on his way to
juin Admiral Dewey ut Manila.
It is expected that many of the Ben
nington's crew will W drafted to the
■ :-'ll>!iia to fill vacancies in that ves
sel. This would give the latter cruiser
a full complement at once and would en
able her to | with the transports.
Then when the Bennlngton if ready for
sea a sufficient number of men would
have enlisted to till all the vacancies
■ i by the Bending of her men to the
Philadelphia. The Bennlngton will prob
ably go to Mare Island to-day.
The Fourth of July regatta lias made a
stir among t!i«- boatmen and nearly every
"Whitehall In the bay was being over
hauled yesterday. All thf> crack: beats
have been entered for the races and n
number of now boats will also try thHr
Failing Qualities. The course will be from
Mi-iggs wharf around Blossom Rock,
back to a point off Meigga wharf, t
to and around a stakeboat off Fort Point
and back to the starting point. The en
tries ;ir.-:
r. j. Tobin, tailed by M. Beban; M a
Gunst, sailfd by J. Sinnott; Stewurt Men
tailed by D. Crowley Jr.; M. J. Bhotwell,
* : by M. Fitzgerald; Senator Fair, sailed
\\\ Clark*: City Front Belle, Balled by T
; BaclUua, sailed by 11. Johnson; Chief
L<-t>s. sailed by D. Crowley Jr.; LW-utenant
Hobson (late Governor rsudii), galled by T
Crowley; A'lmirul Dewey, sailed by w Hen
irleM, Fajiei by H. Peterson, and
B!e Tom, sailed by J. Harry.
The tug Wizard with the British bark
Penrhyn Castle In tow is making good
time up the coast. She left here on the
24th inst. at 8 p. m. for Astoria and the
- day at 4 p. m. she and her tup were
spoken off Whitesboro by the steamer
Point Arena. The Penrhyn ■
to be at Portland before the 30th Inst.
in order to save her charter.
Th<- British ship Langdale arrived from
Newcastle, X. S. W., yesterday after a
lengthy passage of ninety-four days
un Hunter cays that nothing but
light winds and calms were experienced
throughout and that the voyage was v
most monotonous one.
RIFLEMEN AT SHELL MOTJND.
Good Shooting Done on the Range
Over the Bay.
Tliere was a poodly number of riflemen
at the Shell Mound ranfje yesterday, and
while there was no very great perform
ance In the line of breaking records, still
tlif* nhootfng was above the average , In
the Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club's
stands a number of runs above th» aver-
Isn made. J. E. Gorman and F. O.
Young made • number of pistol scores
showing 1 an average far above some
boastgd <>t In the East. In the San Fran
.-'■ ■ tea Vereln, H. Stelllng: was
the lucky man In the bullseye match, win
ding Die firht cash prize with 311 points,
forded by the measuring machine.
He also won a cash prize In the German
wllsejra nhoot. The scores of the
.several clubs were as follow*:
Columbia Ptotol and Rifle Club, Columbia
ten-shot scow, ritie, 200 paras:
•Ml comers' rifle medal— F. O. Young, 62, 54,
E4; p. 16; D. W. McLaughlln, 64.
Members' rifle medal — J. K. Gorman, 61; A.
rrrtii g-i; M - J - white. ioo.
1 60 yards. Slebe pistol medal— J. P.
,\e 75, feO; J. B. (Jurman, 3::, 37, S", 40,
. i ' Young, 38. 45, 4C. 46.
illsiey revolver trophy— A. B. Borrell. 51, 68.
'2 anJ 26 rifle match and Roos trophy for
I.LilM—B 1 E. Mason, 19, 20; George Mannfll, 29,
■■'■' Mrs. 'C. r. Waltham. 83, 34, 39; Mrs. G.
Mannell, BS.
Ban Francisco Schuetzen Vereln, bullpeye
contest for caah prizes, 200 yards, machine
■ ement— First, H. Stelllni?, 311; second.
John Thode. 340; third, F. P. Schuster. 355;
fourth H. F. Lllkendey. 414; fifth. Otto
Lemck'e 496; si^th, A. Bertelsen, 513; seventh.
I Xahrens, 538; eighth. George H. Rahrs. 628;
I ninth. F. Koch. 650; tenth, C. Nobmann, 6ib;
i eleventh. J. M. Hartmun. 714; twelfth, A.
1 JuiiKMut. 766; thirteenth, A. Lemaire, 868; four
teenth. J. W. Ooetxe, 869; fifteenth. Otto Bur
melster 990; sixteenth, Fr-J Atzeroth, 10o0;
teenth, I>. Haake. ICT.v, eighteenth, John
Dewit, U11; nineteenth. J. C. Waller, 122r;
twentieth, C. F. Rust. 1242.
Qennanla :-'■ huetztn Club bullseye coni
cash prizes. 200 yards, machine measurement—
F^rst. 11. Lilkandey, 21! nc! - J- Gef
kin. 3iy ; third. H. Zecher. 322; fourth. D. B.
Faktor, 582; fifth. H. Stelling. 698; sixth. J.
(Jtschig 791; seventh. F Rust, S4"; olirhtn, >.
P. Schuster. S£2; ninth, H. Jungblut. 947; tenth,
W <;arins hsa; eleventh, D. Salsfleld, 1085;
twelfth. W. Goetze, HSu; thirteenth, H. llel
hers, 1223.
R.- 1 Men's Shooting Company, monthly medal
200 yard?. German 2r.-ring tar
get: Champion class— John Tiedemann, 3%
ring?. First class— M. Dickert, :«V Second
William Dressier. 312. Third class—
George Heuer. 3M. Fourth class— H. Gerlach,
Best first shot— John Tiedemann, 22. Best
last shot— M. Dickert. 23.
N rddputscher Schuetzen Hub. monthly
. contest, 20 shot*. German 2."-rint? target.
. rjs: Champion class— F. P. Schuster, 421
rings (final). First .iuss— O. Lemoke, 403. Sec
ond class— J. Dewit, 375. Third class— D.
Schnikel, 330. Best first shot— J. Thode, 24.
Best last shot— F. P. Schuster. 2;..
NOMINATED A LARGE TICKET.
Many Members of the Typographical
Union Are Anxious to Hold
Office.
A great deal of interest was manifested
at the regular monthly meeting of the
San Francisco Typographical T'nion. No.
21, yesterday when candidates desirous
of holding office during the ensuing year
\vr<- plated in nomination. The follow
ing ticket, which will be voted on the last
Wednesday in July, was put in the field:
For president, J. H. Marble. \Y. W. Phan-
M K. Atkins; tot Hrst vice president, C.
.1. Williams, J. E. Ainsley, Harry Chase; for
! vice president, a. B. Sanborn; tor
irer. W. B. Benoist, Harry White,
Jnhn Collins. J. J. McDald, T. F. Evans and
■■ L Taylor; for recorder. D. T. Rlnrdan.
W. J. White; for sergeant at arms, T. Mc-
Gnwan. Daniel Connefi; for delegates to the
International Typ.>erav»hlcal Union ith
be elected), W. C. A^k-rnian, J.<hn Mahnny.
C. B. Hnvk'-s. J. K. Phillips and
i: Winders; for delegates to th.
..; rnii'n (four to b« elected). J.
M Scott, S L. Robblns, T. M McOowan, John
v. John Collinß, L. P. Ward, J. H. Mar
ble C E. Hawkes: for delegates to the San
Francisco Labor Council (eigrht to be elected),
J X Phillips, S. L. Robblns, J. H. Marble, ,
Carleton H Johnpon. W. 13. Benoist, Hurry i
White, C. 3. Owens, J. M. Scott. Joseph Tla.
. \ I. H. Parker, T. H. Arnold and John J. j
Printing Trades' Council (three to be
A W Wehner, J. E. Ainsley, Robert
Higpins, Harry Glbb and H. F>. Sleeper.
The following committee was appointed
(or the purpose of arranging the meeting
of tii" State Typographical Union which
will be lit Id in this city on August 11: S.
L Bobbins, S. H. J-nner, James P. Ol
well, J. K. Phillip? and W. J. French.
CONVERTS TO THE FAITH.
Eighty Adults Are Confirmed by
Archbishop Riordan at the
Paulist Church.
Over 150 children and adults knelt be
fore the altar at the Paulist Church yes
terday to receive the sacrament of con
firmation. The ceremony, conducted by
Archbishop Riordan, was made unusually
impressive by the presence of nearly 100
men and women, ranging all the way
from the years of mature manhood anu
womanhood to the decrepitude of old age.
The children, numbering seventy boys and
girls, -were dressed in the usual confirma
tion dn ss. th<- boys wearing the silken
ribbon affixed to the left arm and the
Kiris robed in white with their features
hidden by the veil which custom has dic
tated. Imnu-diutely after the confirma
tion ceremony an address was delivered
by Archbishop Riordan, in which he out
lined the object of confirmation, touch
ing upon the new faith of those who had
lately embraced Catholicism and accepted
n'trines by their baptism and con
firmation in the faith.
The church was crowded with friends
and relatives of those confirmed, and hy
people from all parts of the city. Repre
tlve priests from the various par
were present and occupied seats in
Xhf sanctuary. Row Fathers Younan and
Wyman assisted the Archbishop in ad
ministering the sacrament.
IT WAS ROSENBERG'S BODY.
The Unknown Man Found in the
Park Has Been Identified.
The body of the unkonwn man found on
i Saturday morning at Strawberry Hill in
' Golden Gate Park by Officer Reynolds was
identified yesterday at the Morgue as be
1 ing that of Charles Rosenberg. B, dealer
; in hides, who left his home on last Mon-
Ihe deceased had moved with his fam
i ily into 351 Grove Street on the day of his
disappearance, and while the family were
putting thtir things in order he walked
I out. saying he would soon return. No
cause, so far as his family is aw;ire, can
; be produced to account for hi? death.
No visible marks are on the body to
show how the deceased had met Ms death.
An autopsy will be held.
CAPITAL PRIZES.
The Original Little Beneflcencta Publica
Company of 6an Francisco.
No. 44.716 draws first capital prize. $3750.
No. 73,783 draws second capital prize, $1250.
No. 10,500 draws third capital prize, $626.
Nos. 1045. 4070, 6950, 68,502 and 77,451 each
draws $62 50.
All prizes cashed in full at room 617, S2S
Montgomery St., San Francisco, , Cal. •
■ ♦ .
A Portuguese Reunion.
The Portuguese Protective and Benev
olent Society held its twenty-seventh an
nual picnic yesterday at Shell Mound
Park. The organization has been in ex
istence for the past thirty years and has
over 200 members. The attendance was
lavge considering that the colony is not
very large in this locality, showing that
the society baa a great many friends.
The day was spent principally in danc
ing, one of the features being the Azo
rian dances In the pavilion on the hill.
Following are the officers of the society
and the committee of arrangements:
President, Dr. J. S. Bottaneourt: vice presi
dent, M. T. Cofta; secretary, A. L. Quuresma;
flnanoia.l secretary, J. I. Rafael; treasurer,
Jooe Baptlste; Conductor, F. C. Stone; chap
lain, J. Coelho; inside gruard. J. L Regal; trus
tees, Matthew Edwards, Antony Martlno and
J Costello; committee of arrangements, M. T.
Costa, J. I. Rafael, A. L. Quareuma, J. Coelho,
J. Baptlsta; floor mnnstgr-r, Benjamin Sllvera.
Celebrate the Fourth with California
fireworks. Buy direct from makers. Cal
ifornia Fireworks Co., 219 Front st. •
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 27, 1898.
KILLED IN A
DRUNKEN ROW
Thos. Grady Was Beaten
to Death.
HIS COMPANIONS SUSPECTED
A BROTHER OF THE DEAD MAN
MAY BE THE SLAYER.
Three Men Went on a Spree and
One of Them Was Injured
So Severely That He
Died.
As a result of a drunken brawl, the
body of Thomas Grady, a teamster, who
lived at 351 Dolores street, is lying at thu
Morgue, and his brother, Patrick Grady ,
and Andrew Sherbridge, companions on
the spree, are detained at the Central
Police Station on suspicion of having
caused the teamster's death.
The three men were arrested early yes
terday morning near the corner of Dolores
and Nineteenth streets and booked at thu
Seventeenth-street Station for drunk.
Soon after the arrest Thomas Grady com
plained of being ill, and was removed to
the City and County Hospital, where he
died within a short time. Dr. Treuholt/,
of the hospital, informed the Coroner that
he thought the death due to unnatural
i :u:s t -s and asked permission to hold au
autopsy. His request was granted, anu
t<> his surprise he found that two or
Grady's ribs were broken and his Hvei
ruptured. The body was removed to the
Mcryue and the police notified that thert.
had probably been foul play.
Patrick Grady and Shtrbridge were
botft placed undrr arrest in the morning
vhen it was kurned that Thomas Grady
hud 'lied an<l were looked in the "tanks'"
at the central station. They will not be
charged until an investigation can be
held. When Patrick Grady was taken to
the station on the charge of drunk he
had in his possession a picket from a
fence and the police are working on the
theory that this was the implement which
inflicted the injuries resulting in the
death of the mau's brother. Officer Slat
tery has been detailed on the case and it
is believed that the investigation will
prove that the man was injured by his
brother during a drunken quarrel.
Mrs. Kate Silvey, a sister of the Grady
brothers, called at the Coroner's office
before the death had been reported and
Inquired if her brother was there. She
told the officials that Grady had been on
a sprr-e for over a week and that she
thought something might have happened
to him. After the body had been taken
to the morgue Mrs. Silvey paid a second
visit and then told that on Saturday
night her two brothers had been to her
home at 531 Dolores to visit her. A can
of beer was brought in and while drink
ing this the brothers became engaged In
a quarrel. They left the house together
and it was some time afterward that they
were arrested for being drunk. The quar
rel started at the home or Mrs. Silvey
was probably continued on the street and
ended in th-- blows which caused Thomas
Grady'a death.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
T^eJ^S./f SMWOW OF &2WX
o «
q But there is not a shadow of £
q a doubt about our Window *•
q Shades being the best in the ®
world, for the following rea- C
|f sons: We make up our own C
° shades, on Hartshorn roll- C
O ens. We fasten them on to 0
O the roller not with tacks, Q
O but with Hartshorn's patent $
O shade clamps, so they can-- q
q not possibly pull off the a
q roller. Then we make our £!
q shades long enough, so that 5?
_ you can turn them bottom °
jZ up after they, get worn-out 0
® near the slat. The goods we O
O use are the best hand-made, : 0
O oil-finished opaque on the O
O market. We guarantee all 0
O our shades for five years O
0 not to crack from the heat o
0 of the sun. q
q Call on us or write us for q
q estimates. q
O 0
I PATTOSIEN'S I
o c
o Big Furniture and Carpet g
o Bazaar. |S
2 ' • ■• c
2 Corner Sixteenth and Mission Streets, c
o c
oooooooooooooooooc
LIST OF PRIZES..
OFFICIAL DRAWING
OF THE
LOTTERY
BEMCENCfIBLICA,
BENEFIGENGIA PDBLIGA.
The 113 th ordinary monthly drawing. Class
F, drawn in the City or Mexico on June 23,
1898.
Notice— public is cautioned to beware of
purchasing tickets other than those of the lot-
tery of the Benelicencla Publica of the City of
Mexico, as many fraudulent Imitations have
| made their appearance. Be careful to see that
I all tickets are signed by. A. Castillo, Inter-
venor, and U. Baeaettl, Manager, as none
others are genuine.
No. Prize. No. Prize. No. Prize.
t>4 20] IC2 40, 173 80
■ 178 40, 2M 401 438 100
446 20 715 20 937. r. 200
1045 1000 1062 20 1091........ 100
1106 80 1134 401 1276 40
1312 401 1352 20 1429.. 40
1«2 20 1 1454 20 i 1516 100
1540 lu>i| 1649 40 1668 100
1818 40 2013 100 i 2020........ 20
2180 40, 2288 80 23a2 20
2461 40, 2503 100 2563 80
2675 100 2901 401 2933 40
30&0 100 3217 40 3440 40
8681 100 3725 20 3579 20
3914. 40 3926 800 4008 40
4034 20 4070 1000 4195 40
4579 201 4425...~... 200 4437..._.. 20
4573 20 4625........ 40 4£58.......» 20
4741 20 4807.—.... 20 4888_«.... 20
62u2.._... 201 6238 20 6254_ — .... 40
6280...^ 40 5304 -. 20 647] .._,.. 20
6584...^... 20 6584 100 6650 40
C6Bl ... 20 6589. ....... 40 5959. 1000
6079 40 6088 40 6198 ... 20
8898 40 6304 40 6644 20
6699 100 7009 20 7136 20
7239 201 7249 40 7268 20
7372 20 1 7460 40 7569 20
7571 20 1 7740 40 7795 40
7804 20 7858 40 7932 20
6151 40 1 8361 20 1 8510 100
*7C6 40 8778 40 8964 40
6027 20 9163 40 8185 200
9193 i 20 9355 20 S3SS 20
8387 100 9395 100 9432 20
9469 20 9479 20 1 9485 20
8512 -.- 20 9659 500 9740 40
9902 40
10148 100 10267 20 !10457! 10457 40
10491 20 10492 40110500. 10000
10CR2. ....... 2' 10746 40 110764 40
10787 10010816 2011084S 600,
10562 40 10926... 200110931........ 20
11594 2011641 20 11684 100
11864 20 11994 40 12052 100
12105 20 12137 20 12154 20
12256 20 12315 20 12380 20
12438 20 1256S 20 12611 40
12737 20J12517 20 13262 20
13555 20118598 200113644 20
13708 40 13897 40114098 20
14288 20 14311 20 14315 20
14317 200 14452 40 14582 40
14610 4014662 100114815 *20
14906 2014966 20 15286 20
15404 20 15497 i 40 15767 20
15776 40 15802 2015881 20
15989 20 16196 40 16200 40
16232 20 16248 20 16382 40
16417 100 16426 20 16452 40
16451 20 16552 20 16636 100
16657 40 16740 ' 20 16833 40
16845 40 16931 100:17256 20
17459 100,17492 2017538 20
17563 40 17693 17750 40
17755 2017765 100 17879 200
18016 20 18157 40 18185 20
18362 20 18512 20 18562 600
18389 20 18602 20 18617 20
18640 20 18643 20 15668 40
18673 20018881 2018768 20
18776 2018819 60019082 20
19151 20 19160 40 j 19208 40
19327.. 20 19491 40 19304 40
19596 20 19766 20;
20234 2020267 20 20592 40
20599 20020649 80 21089 20
21116 4021187 20,21240 20
21461 4021474 20121514 40
21753 40 21795 20 21836 40
81858 100 22074 20 22093 20
22212 20 22391 20 22553........ 4'>
22612 2022668 20 22796 20
| 23001 40 23203 20 23267 20
23333 40 1 23538 20 23638 40
23646 100 24075 40 24225 20
24681...'..... 40 24723 20 24741 20
! 245-13 20024937 8024978 20
25096 20 25150 4025198 20
25231 20 25383 600 25602 40
25627 4025629 20 25663 20 '
25699 40125838 20 25981 40
26374 20:26395 40 26512... 40
26596 20 26643 40 26654: 40
26567 2086911 100 26339 100
86966 27013 27084 20
27290 40 27317 10027321 20
27."92 20 27617 20 27895 40
27729 8027803 20 27972 20
88448 40128478 20 28352 40
23530 500128612 20i25656 20
2*673 100 29003 40 29097 20
20249.. 40 29353.... V...-20J29455 20
29449 40 29492 20129533 20
29559 40 29618.. 20 2963S ...... 20
29680 20 29743 - 20129899 20
29935 20 89988 40
30019 100 30066 20130098 40
30199 8080800 100 30214 20
30385 20)30606 20 30659........ 40
30723 100 30799 4030851 20
30903 4031019 40 31144 20
31151 2081234 2031330 20
31437 4031474 4031834 20
31903.: 20'3210S 20 32164 40
32212 2082535 20 32628 20
32*05 2032317... 20 32943 :.... 20
32970 20 33111 4033241 20
33899 40133512 20 83581 40
33604 20133624 100 83636 80
33768 20133769 200 83773 20
33865 20188907 20 83918 20
33966 2034134 20 34273 100
34315 2034413. 20 34468 40
84511 100 34571 40 34682 20
34507 4084862 40 34882..- 20 1
35207 100186343 20135353 40
33439... 8086627 20 3",79 20
35702 10036907 40 86138 .... 20
36202 40J36287.... 20136381 20
36492 40J3R&64 100i36729 40
36817 40 37025.. 40 37034 40
37035 40 37080.. 4037160 40
37261 40-37396 20:37540 20
37547 40 37730 20 37771 40
37791 20 37831 100 87849 20
37910 8087917 20 37971 100
38048 20 33080 40J38356 20
36837 20 38931 20 38938 20
39100 40 39104 4089161 20
31.228 4089869 100 39399 20
39437 20 39717 20 39787 20
39541 8089948 20 39987 40
40070 20 40091 20 40316........ 20
40466 20 40473 20 40313... 4'
40547 100 40549 io| 40680 100
40765 40 40904 200 41118 100
41202 40 41342 40 41273 20
41253.. ...... 40 41342 40 41490........ 40
41566 40 41577 20 41686 20
41634 20 41665.. 40|41fi88 40
41717 40 41753 40141763 80
41900 200 41960 2042087 40
42206 40 42350 40 42546 80 I
42585 40 42687 20 42600 20 1
42661 20|42781 40 42784 40
42920 20143055 40 43342... 20
43373 ...'.... 20 43437 20 43449... 100
43458 20143504 40 48581 200
43612 20 43729 20 44104... 20
44151 .. 40 44170 100 44176... 200
44177 40 44184 100 44263........ 100
44268 40 44290 100144826 20
44428 .... 20 44536 20 44688 40
44704 ... 20 44716 60000 41731.;...... 40
44732 . 20114719 100 44505........ 20
44959/. . .. 40145010 20 46068 20
45138 . 20 4.".223 20 45540.. 20
45G22 20 43643 40 45906........ 100
45944 ' ... 20 45982 20Ur,(V)J........ 20
46077 100 46119........ 40146254.' 40
46343"'.'.'... 40 46391 40U6142 100
4651 V)' 20 46353... 40 46715........ 100
467C0 10048816 40 46942 600
47127""'!.' 20 47271 :". 20447884 20
47410.. . 200 47517........ 40 47733 20
47 l 20 48019 100 48062... 20
4R209!!...... 40 48522... 20 45385 40
45740 '.... 40 18741 20 48948.. 20
48992.' 20 49331.. ...... 20 49385. .40
49437 20
60073 ... 20 50051. ....... 20 50202 40
50264 .... 20 ! 30270 20 50331 .... 20
50418 40150656 20 50738........ 40
50761 20150888........ 20 50936 20
50946 200151184.. ...... 40 51549.. 40
615. r .5 .... 20151556 20 51579........ 20
51632"...... 100151732::...... 2051807 100
61878!.. ••• 100131941 40152012 20
52029 100162048 40152078 20
50117 . 40168166 20162186 40
62348*"!...." 20152446.. 20(52447 20
50469 ... 8062748 20152777 40
63421 40153495.. '40153502 20
5354! ... 2068647 40158869 20
53857.". 20153961.:.'...'.. 20153958 40
54131. .... 20154135. 2054251 20
54288 .... 80164878 40 543«.: .100
54427 20154568........ 800 54631 20
54689... 100154998.. ..:;.. 40168088 ....... 20
55127.; 20155137........ 40155311 20
55341. ... 40155361.. 20155567........ 40
55645 20ir.5fi17........ 80166667 ..20
r -,-,,V,i ....... 20153694. ....... 20156003 20
CC345 20156312.... .... 56514........ 20
r.65'5 ....... 2015R710........ 56764........ 40
56878 40156974.:'...... 100157363 .'.'...:;■ 40
67402 401 I
57423.. .... 20157622 20157660........ 40
67722........ 40167843 ..'. 100157556.:....;. 20
57914 20157962........ 20 55062.. .20
68441 . . 40168602 100015R5R1... /20
58554. ........ • 40168968 I 20158979 20
69048........ 10168166 80159177 100
59190........ 80168837 20159391... .:...' 40
59423 20169486 40159493... '20
69509 40159536. 20159640....'.... 100
65662 ... 20139505........ 20169986 40
C 0039 40160186 ....... 20160278.;-..;.;. 20
60314 20160316........ 20|fi03fl2 ..'.> 20
60794 ...... 20 1 60835. ..:...'.'■ 20160950 :.• 40
61180........ 20161355........ 20161394........ 100
61447.. 2-61461 2161543 20
61596... 20161600 60061622 20
61946.. 20162179.. ...... 600162276........ 20
62557 40162621.: 201fi2K56. ....... 100
C 2743.. 8088751 40162781.:...... 20
62902 20163013 40163138 .:....« 20
63196... 20163339 20163377... 20
63512 20'63fi64 300163698. : 40
63*28 20163937 10063972 40
64074........ 100164100........ 40:64108 ...' ,20
64239 100164*04 20161305.' 20
64326..;..... • 20164328. .:.:.:. 20j64378........ : : 20
:64482.; , 40164515.: 20:64703. ...;...-. 100
64719 , 20164853 20165083 , 40
LIST OF PRIZES.
No. Prize. -No. Prize. No. Prize.
65155. ._... 20165319 4065391........ 40
65444 20 65532 20 66659 20
65682 _ 200 65887 100j65939 40
65968 _. 20166083 100 66108 20
66344 „. 20|66373 100 66538 20
66587. ._... 20166611 _ 100J66631 40
66641 20 66711 20)66745 20
66512 _ 40 66873 40i66859 100
66945 20 67007 20167008 20
67052 20 67082...^... 20:67389 200
69452 100|67628 20.67666 20
67670 20167813 20168226 100
68249 20)68492 4068519 20
68704 100168819 100:69120 40
69331 4069561 20J69593 20
69628 20 69969 20
70011 40*70088 100 70253 40
70365 20 i 70492 20170592 40
70604 MI7MM 20170744 20
70&57 40170994 20,71028 40
71279 40171288 40 71329 100
71402 20:71412 20 71458 40
71549 2071596 40 71723 100
71543 20171515 20J71939 20
71950 40171991 20172042 40
72113 20;72163 200 72200 40
78444 4078448 2072491 20
72629 200(72552 100 72604 20
: 72653 4072878 100 72781 200
! 72564 80171804 40|72951 40
73097 10078188 10078876 40
73416. 40*73504 4073505 40
73587 4073624 20 73724 40
73733 2017378S 20000;73957 40
74005 2", 74128 40:74140 20
74315 2074887 4074528 40
74652 20 74791 20j74898 10
76043 40J75070 20 75098 20
75160 40(75164 20 76237 40
75335 80075498 100 75535 20
76065 20176165 40 76186 20
7SIR6 20176214 20176434 20
76471 200 76519 20:76997 100
77014.—..... 100 77081 40 77083... - 20
77272._.... 40177311 20 i 77327 ._—_-* 40
77364. ._.... 40 77379.—^. 20 j 77404.. .«.— 20
77406. ._„_ 20 77451_^. — 1000 77546 _~. 100
77623._.... 4ft 77fi*4 ,.,  40177804 20
77531..._^._ 20 77839. ....... 20'7M07 .... 100
78304... 40178356. _.... 20178385 .. 40
78414 2078499 4078521 w. 20
7874tf 2078751 20 79090 20
79181 _ 100179566 20 79628 20
79650 2079631 20179754 20
79536 100J79999 1001.
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
100 numbers from 44,666 to 44,766 inclusive.
b<*!n^ 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing capital prize of $60,000— $60.
100 numbers from 73,733 to 73.833 inclusive,
being 60 numbers on each side of the number
drawing capital prize of $20,000— 540.
100 numbers from 10,450 to 10.550 inclusive,
being 60 numbers on each sl'le of the number
drawing capital prize of $10,000— 520.
799 numbers ending with 16, being the last
two figures of the number drawing the capital
i prize of $60,000— $20.
799 numbers ending with 83. being the last
two figures of the number drawing the capital
prize of $20.000— 520.
No. 44.716 draws first capital prize of $60,000.
Sold in Collma, Collma, Chllpanelngo Gro.
No. 73,783 draws second capital prize of $20,-
000. Sold in Yalladolid, Yucatan.
No. 10,500 draws third capital prize of $10,000.
Sold in Oregon City, Or.
Nos. 1045, 4070, 5659, 58,502 and 77,451 drew
each $1000. Sold in Guatemala City, San An-
tonio, Tex., New York City, Guatemala City,
Mexico City, Guadalajara, Jalisco.
The regular monthly drawing. No. 114, with
capital prize of $60,000, will take place on July
28, 1898. Wholes, $4; halves, $2; quarters, $1;
eighths, 50 cents; sixteenths, 25 cents, United
States money. ANTONIO PEREZ,
For the Treasury Department.
U. BASSETTI, Manager.
APOLINAR CASTILLO. Tntervenor.
(Signed.) J. H. SCHIEBERT.
Prizes cashed at No. 35 New Mont-
gomery street, San Francisco, Cal.
i SEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Estate of Bridget Mugan (by Benjamin
Healey, administrator) to John \V. McDonald,
lot on N line of Garden avenue. 125 W of Devie
adero street, W 23 by N 47:8; $1100.
Albert G. Barnum to Mary C. Barnum (wife
of Albert G.), lot on E line of Clayton street,
75 S of Hayes, S 25 by E 106:3; gift.
Maxime Vibert to Maria Vlbert, lot on \\~ line
of Valencia street, 182 S of Sixteenth, S 20:2V4
by W Js9:3^: gift.
M. Morgenthau Company to Patrick H. Far
rell, re-record 1655 d 107, lot on E line of York
street. 197:6 N of Twenty-second, N 25 by E
100; $10.
! James and Delia Ryan to Patrick Coghlan,
! lot on \V line of York street, 234 N of Twenty
! fourth, N 26 by "\V 100; $10.
Bernard and Catharine Dreyer to William
1 Miller, lot on W line of Collingwood street,
178:8 S of Seventeenth, S 24:8 by W 125; $10.
I Same to Herman Murphy, tot on \V line of
Collingwood street, 149 S of Seventeenth, S 24:8
by W 125; $10.
Charles W. and Mona B. Corthay to Charles
S. Mann, lot on W line of Leavenworth 6treet,
GS:9 N of O1O 1 Fan-ell, N 30:9 by \V 137:6; $10.
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to H. W.
Gallett, lot on NW line of Howard street, 400
SW of First, S\V 25 by NW 85: 88760.
Thomas L. Floyd to Elizabeth Floyd, lot on
SE line, of Howard street, 355 SW of First, SW
25 by SE 85; gift.
Alameda County.
Charles W. Howard Jr. to Emma S. Howard
(wife of Charles AY), lot on E linfi of Alice
street, 200 N of Thirteenth, N 90 by E 130, Oak
land; gift.
C. D. Bianchl and Kate S. Ruffino to Ruf
flno & Bianchi (a corporation), lot on S line
of Seventh street, 75 E of Brush, E 50 by S
100, Oakland; also property in San Francisco;
$10.
William S. and Alice Richards to Frank J.
Moffltt, lot on S line of Eighteenth street, 100
E of Linden, E 60 by S 111:8, Oakland; $2000.
Harry T. Buthuis to .L P. Drexler, lots 100,
101, 116 to 121, Drexler Tract, Oakland Annex;
$10.
Gustav and Mary Smolarskl to Annie Mnraw-
Bki (wife of John), lot on S line of Grayson
street, 50 E of East Tenth, E 50 by S 100, being
I lots 8 and 9, block 17S, Grayson Tract, Berkeley;
$10.
David, George M., Jeannie, Joseph M.. Mar
ion and Blanche Cummins to Marion Bain
Cumming. undivided one-half Interest in lot
on XE corner of Second street and Third ave
nue, N IS9 by E 214:3, being lot 8, block 2,
State University Homestead Association, Berk
eley; $10.
Henry and Jeanie D. East to Sarah Seal, lot
on NE line of Monroe street, 283 SE of Ade
line, SE 35 by XE 143:5, block E, revised map
of Oak Tree Farm Tract, Brooklyn Township;
also lot on SW line of Hamilton place, 228.35
NW of Oakland avenue. NW 30 by SW 90, be
ing lot 29, Hamilton Tract, Oakland; also lot
on W line of Telegraph avenue, where same Is
inti-rspcted by the CPOter line of Webster,
thence SW 164:5.5, SE 156:10. E 117:0%, N 162:9.5
to beginning, containing half an aero, being a
portion Of plat 51, Rancho V and D Peralta,
Berkeley; $10.
C. ' '"hristensen. J. Hcnnincsen and C. M. Jor
gensen (trustees of Thyra No. 9 of Danis of
California) to* Thyra Branch No. 9, Haywards,
of Danish Society Danls of California, lot on
SE line of narrow street 20 feet wide which in
tersects the NE line of Castro street. 120 SE
from the SE line of Callon, and which begin
ning point Is NE from said point of intersection
11" feet distant, thence SE 80, NE 52. NW 80.
SW 52 to beginning, town of Haywards, Eden
Township; also lot on NE line of Castro street,
164 SE of B (or Callon), NE 110 by SE 36, same;
grant
George W. McNear to Amanda If. Me Near,
lot on SW corner of Tenth and Linden streets,
W 164, S 244.42. E 32. N 120, E 154, N 121.42 to
beginning, Oakland; gift.
Caroline Gaudin to Lesette Thaler, lot on S
line of Ninth street, 95 W of Grove, W 55 by
S 100, block 93, Oakland; $10.
A. E. and Marguerite E. Beckett to Adeline
H. Brown (wife of John H.). lnt on S line of
Thirty-sixth street, 116 W of Grove, W 50 by
8 130:8 being lot 13, block C, property Central
Land Company, subject to deed of trust for
$2000, Oakland; $10.
Hugh M. and Abble L. Cameron to Emily
Hughes, undivided one-half Interest in lot on
W line of Hannah street. 125 S of A. S 30 by
W 133. Oakland; $200.
Adeline H. Brown to John P. Beckett, lot on
S line of Fortieth street, 250 W of Telegraph
avenue, W 43 by 3 100, being lot 13, block 2080,
map of estate of John Evny, Oakland Annex;
also lot 20, block D, Gasklll Tract, Oakland
Pamu'el C. Burton to William Milroy. undl
vi.lc-d one-half of lot on SW corner of Russell
and Wellington streets, S 101.60 by W 186, be
ing lots 10 and 11, block B, Suburban Tract,
Berkeley; $10.
C W. and Laura G Brnderlck to Nancy J.
Bowdltch (wife of R. W). lot on SW corner of
Hopkins and Prospect streets. W 130 by S 69:4.
being lots 31 and 32, block F, Revised Map of
Prospect Hill Tra"t. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Mary V. Douglass to George A. Douglass,
lot beginning at a point in center line of Fruit
vale avenue at SE corner o4" 2. 567 acre tract
of V R. Van Pelt by deed of April 18, IS7B,
thence XW 503.58 to center of Sausal creek,
thence XW 69.30. NW 83, PE 601.92 to center
line of Fruitvale avenue, thence SW 91:7 to
beginning, being portion of Antonio Maria por
tion of San Antonio rancho, Brooklyn Town-
Frieda Catterinole (Fricke) (administratrix
estate George C Fricke) to Henry J. Catter
mole lot on N line of Alameda avenue. 14"< W
of Lafayette street. W 49 by N 150, being lot
17 block 2, Ba.rtlett Tract, Alameda; $2500.
Henry J. CattTmole to Frieda Cattermole.
lot on N line of Alameda avenue, 148 W of
Lafayette street. W 49 by N 150, being lot 17,
block 2. same. AlamWia; gift.
F. W. Weyho. Fritz and Anna Hahn to Lor
enz D. Fell, lot on NW corner of Adeline and
F'.rty-flrst streets, thence NE 15C. 36. SW 202.39,
PE 159.79. NE 106. "0 tii beginning, being a por
tion of H. C. Dohr's Homestead, Oakland an
nex- $10.
Sarah M. Hovey to John P. Beckett, lot on
N line of Thirty-Blxth street. 105.71 W of Weßt,
W 26 12 N 1f.4. E 26, S 166.49 to beginning, be
ing lot 49. block H, Major Given Tract, Oak
land annex: $10.
Edna F. Beckett to same, same; gift.
G. and Mary Peladcau and Annie Beaudry
to Louise Verdier, lot on SW corner of Eleventh
street and right nf -way of Berkeley branch
railroad, thence S 112.16. W 100. N 17.68, E 110 to
beginning, being lots 1 and 3. block 27. Beaudry
and Peladeau property, Oakland Township, to
correct 497 d 5; $10.
Oakland Loan and Investment Company to
John J. O'Nell, lots 7 and 8, block A, lots 7
to 11, 13 and 15, block D, lots 9 to 12, 14, 15 and
17, block E, except the E 5 feet of lot 14. also
lota 4 and 5, block G, Daley Tract, Brooklyn
Township: $10.
D. W. and Elizabeth B. Hitchcock to name,
lot 8 and fractional lot 10, block IS. same, Mur
ray Township; $10. (
ADVERTISEMENTS. r
B-B-B-B-H-B-B-B-K-H-B-B-B-B-H-B-B-B-H-H-H-B-
I MEN'S AND BOYS'
j FURNISHINGS
T \A3<TT>
i
i Ladies' Hosiery
a .A.T
• FORGED LIQUIDATION PRICES !
B
Our great Liquidation Sale opens the
B week with SPECIAL and EXTRAORDINARY
J REDUCTIONS in all departments, among the
i most important of which will be found the
2 following.
i .
M -■■ ■■- ■ . . — i M
I Men's and Boys' Furnishings
■ O^r» 120 dozen MEN'S EXTRA FINE SILK NECKWEAR, which include our
I JmKJK/ latest spring and summer styles of Tecks, Four-in-Hands, Club Ties and
' Bows in our best 50c grades; all will be closed out at 25c each.
B ■ V ■'■.'.;__
HI Cl HA 32 dozen MEN'S JAPANESE CREPE SHIRTS, made in the latest golf
■ cplaUvF styles, with reversible link cuffs and club tie to each; will be closed out
I at $1 each ;V
B ———
I A ri/-» 22 dozen BOYS' PERCALE AND CHEVIOT WAISTS, made with Byron.
m T'vFW golf or deep sailor collars, the K. and E. Brand; will be closed out at
I 40c each.
B '
I • A rk/-» 30 dozen BOYS' FAUNTLEROY BLOUSES, in neat patterns of Percale, and
' T-V/W/ finished with ruffled fronts, collars and cuffs, the K. and E. Brand; will
■ be closed out at 40c each.
• APZr* '18 dozen BOYS' WHITE LAWN FAUNTLEROY BLOUSES, trimmed with
| T-Uv embroidery and Insertion; will be closed out at 45c each.
■
j £*£Z.~ ,22 dozen BOYS' DUCK SAILOR SUITS, with combination vests and lan-
■ OOv yard and whistle to each; size from 5 to 10 years; will be closed out at
I / 65c each.
W *7e~~ 18 dozen BOYS' EXTRA FINE DUCK SAILOR SUITS, In very handsome
I (Ov designs; extra value for $1 25; will be closed out at 90c each.
II • .
i LADIES' HOSIERY!
B v
I -*oi/» 60 dozen LADIES' RIBBED COTTON VESTS, low neck and aleeveleM.
■ ■!£>(*' nilk trimmed, In blue and pink; usual price $3 dozen; will be on sale at
I 12Vic each.
■ -
I I/// Murphy Building. Jf {/{/ Murphy Building-, £
I Market mi Job Streets. Martot mi Jones Streets.
■_■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■- ■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-
AMTJSjkJMENTS^ ;
COLUMBIA THEATER.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL, THIS WEEK
First Production Here of the Great Military
Drama,
FORT FRAYNE.
A True Picture of Army Life by Brigadier
General Charles King and Sheridan-Sutherland.
Cast to the full strength of the
FRAU/LEYCOMPANY
In Preparation— "A Gallant Surrender."
BALDWIN THEATER.
Eighth Week in This City and Success Greater
Than Ever.
"THE PASSION PLAY."
Every Afternoon at Every Night at 8:30.
Seats, Adults. 25c; Children, 15c.
11— NEW ALL-STAR ARTISTS— II
3 WATSON SISTERS & ZAMORA. Sensa-
tional Aeriallsts; FALKE & SEMON, Musical
Artists; CHARLES WAYNE, Eccentric Come-
dian; ANNA CALDWELL, Comedienne:
JONES GRANT & JONES, Colored Trio; THE
4 COHANS. "Running for Office"; TIM MUR-
PHY as Mathlas in "The Bells," etc.; CAR-
LIN & CLARK and THE JUDGES.
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
TIVOU OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs.Ernestine Proprietor and Manager.
THIS WEEK ONLY.
Revival of Yon Suppe's Charming: Opera,
BOCCACCIO !
Splendid Cast! Superb Ensemble!
Correct Costumes! : Appropriate Accessories!
NEXT .
"THE MIKADO."
Popular Prices .................... 25c and 60c
< No Telephone.
ALCAZAR 6EAT b * y e .
r\l^\^^r\.£^l^£\, MAIN 254.
THIS MONDAY NIGHT
STARTS THE SIXTH WEEK OF
LEW/IS MORRISON,
When Will Be Presented the Historical
Comedy, - .
FREDERICK THE GREAT.
SAME 15c. 25c. 35c. 50c.
PRICES. 15c. 25c. 35c. POc. .
MECHANICS* PAVILION.
RED CROSS" BENEFIT,
. Under the Auspices of
NATIVE DAUGHTERS' RED CROSS AID,
N. D. G. W.
TUESDAY, JUNE 28, 1898.
DRILL AND REVIEW OF FIFTY-FIRST
lOWA VOLUNTEERS.
Major General Merritt will review the troops.
Scenes from camp life, etc. .
ADM15510N....................... 25c and 60c
RED CROSS BENEFIT.
DASHES—QUICK ACTION-NO DELAYS
RACES! |||S£# RACES!
TROTTING HORSE BREEDERS' ASSOCIA-
TION. OAKLAND. •
June 25th to July 28d • Inclusive.
(No Races Monday, ■ June 27.)
BEST HORSES ON THE COAST ARE EN-
TERED.
BOOKS AND AUCTION POOLS.
■ - ' . Admission, 60c. <-
■ Races Commence at 1:30 O'clock.
Trains " connecting ,wlth the 12, 12:30 and 1
o'clock boats stop at; the track. . : • \ :
__ __ _ ,  ■,i ■ j . i ._  , ■
CM VM PT X I Cower of Witsn »n<J
UL, 1 lUfiH I Eddy St.wU.
GREATEST NEW BILL OF THE SEASON.
BARNEY REYNOLDS, the Celebrated Come-
dian: 'LA ROYCE SISTERS, MAUD ROCK-
WELL, ENYVELL, LA MONT, WILLIAMS
and BIOGRAPH, With -War Scenes. Admis-
sion Free. Matinee Sunday.
AMUSEMENTS.
MOROSCOTSGRANDISe
Walter Morosco, Sole Lessee and Manager.
Specially Engaged for One Week Only.
The Prince of Singing Comedians,
CARROLL JOHNSON
In E. E. ladder's Romantic Irish Comedy,
"THE GOSSOON !"
Supported by a Powerful Stock Cast.
Evening Prices — iph ink-main m. i
Orchestra, Reserved 5eat....... 50c
Parquet, Reserved Seat .....26c
Dress Circle, Reserved Seat 25c
Family Circle and Gallery 100
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
AS GOOD-NATURED AS HE IS LARGE !
HENRI MAURICE CANNON,
THE "GREATEST GUN ON EARTH."
f\T THE CHUTES.
A Great Vaudeville Performance In th«
FREE THEATER.
AND ATTRACTIONS WITHOUT END.
NEW WAR PICTURES THIS WEEK.
10c, Including Zoo and Theater; Children, So,
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Daily from 7 a. m. until 11 p. m.
ADMISSION 10c - - - - CHILDREN 5s
Bathing, with admission. 25c; children, 20c.
Beware of Imitations
WrcesterslurefO
" JOHN PUNCH'S SONS, AOEKTS, NEW YORK.
0000000000000 00 0 O O
%r.«.? PALACE w«
%GRAND hotels o
Q t .' SAN FRANCISCO. "
** Connected by a covered passageway. ;
° 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attached. ®
O All Under One . Management. O
O NOTE THE PRICES: ;- : Q
ft European Plan. Bl .OO per day and upward _
v* American Plan.s3.OO per day and upward O
Q Correspondence Solicited. q
q JOHN 0. XIKSFATaiOK, liupr. q
000000000000000000
VA/. X. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTOHNET- AT LAW,
Tenth Floor. Room 1015,' Claua Spreckeli Bids.
* Telephone Brown 931.
Residence,' S2l California street, ' baiov
Powell. Ban Francisco.
i Weak Men and Women
SHOULD UGE DAMIANA BITTERS. THB
great Mexican remedy;, gives health ami
L lUfßCtb to th« sexual organ*, ■ . ...
56
THE MISFITS
FROM STOCKTON
They Play Miserably and
Lose.
SUPERB PLAY OF FRISCOS
PERINE'S PITCHING WAS THE
FEATURE.
The Stocktons by Their Snail-Like
Movements Make the Game
Very Uninteresting to
the Spectators.
BY JOE CORBETT.
The San Franclscos unmercifully wal
loped Manager Campbell's collection of
iilsflts at Recreation Park yesterday by
Ihe score of 10 to 8. The game, owing to
the fact that Mr. Whalen, who has been j
pitching such good ball of late was |
scheduled to do the twirling, was ex
pected to be a good one, yet developed
Into about the poorest exhibition of the
national game that haa taken place this
in in the vicinity of Eighth and Har
rison streets. It was one of those long,
uninteresting affairs which start badly
and end in the same manner. About the
only redeeming feature noticeable was
the excellent playing of the home team.
They, as usual, presented a patched-up
appearance, yet ihf change improved I
rather than demoralized them, Mr. Collins !
particularly distinguishing himself by his \
clever all-around work, as did also Mr.
Sheenan. However, the team continues
to show lack of management, anu no j
doubt will very shortly he patched up in
Bthat department, for rumor has It that
Mr. Coffroth is going to resign, which
means that Hunker will take complete
control. There is not the semblance of a
doubt but that the club under one Indi
vidual will gradually fight its way to the |
tnp. especially when this gentleman is
popular and liked by his players. Out-
Eide of Mr. Shea's twirling not a fault
could V-e found in the whole make-up,
and this gentleman cannot be expected [
to pitch good ball all the time. He did |
equally a.- well as his opponent during his
brief stay, and no doubt would have Im
proved if permitted to continue. Mr. Ham
mond's judgment, however, was perfectly
correct when he retired Mr. Shea for his
successor, a Mr. Perlne, who acted his
part nobly. But one hit was made off
him during the eight innings he labored,
v. r.-.(ird any pitcher should feel proud of.
There was Quite a contrast between his
efforts and those of Mr. Whalen's. The
latter phenom was hammered all over the
lot, and the support accorded him was
vile. Really, I hardy believe a team could i
do worse- if it tried. They are also a j
lazy collection of players and move about I
Just as they play. It took one hour and ■
fifty minutes to finish the contest, and
the loss of time was due principally to the j
snail-like movements or those misfits, i
Among them but one man seemed to en- |
tertain the fact that life was not extinct, !
yet he could hardly cover up the defects i
of the others. Certainly these boys will
have to do better, as the game they put '
up yesterday would not draw a corporal's |
guard. Whoever told Mr. Starkey he
could cover third base must have been
dreaming. Such a tiresome, miserable
game as he put up has not been seen since
the Friscos had their parade, and it would '
be well for him to seek a position in the ;
outfield. The story of how the game was
won is told in a few words. The Friscos j
hit Mr. Whalen almost when they pleased, I
ran bases and made but two errors. The
misfits acted as though every move hurt j
them, and played in the same unsatisfac- |
tory manner. Only one saf»- hit did they j
is* cure during the entire game, and this
fact, coupled with their niisplays, easily i
lost the game. The score follows:
STOCKTOK.
AB. R. CII. SR. PO. A. E.
Betna, lb 3 1 v 0 7 1 0
Hilllnps. s. s 5 10 0 13 0
Smith. 2 b 2 10 0 110
r. f 3 0 10 10 0
Stnrkey, 3 b 3 0 0 0 2 11
Mullcr, 1. f 10 0 0 4 0 0
Hysinßer, c. f 4 0 0 0 1 0,0
it- ra, c 2 0 0 0 6 2 0
"WhnlTi. p 2 0 0 0 0 6 1
White, 3 b 10 0 0 10 1
Totals 28 3 1 0 24 14 3
SAN "FRANCISCO.
AO. R. BH SB. PO. A. E.
IT. Krug. s. s 3 2 1 0 3 6 0
Hummond. c 5 2 2 0 6 3 0
Murphy, lb 5 1 1 0 11 0 01
Collins, 3b 3 2 2 0 2 1 0
Uunleavy, 2 b 5 1 1 0 1 4 2
h.-r, r. f 4 0 10 2 0 0
Benton, c. f 3 1 2 0 2 0 0
Sheenan. 1. f 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
Perlne, p 4 0 0 00 1 0
Shea, p 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 35 9 10 0 27 12 2
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Stockton 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 o—3
Base hits 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 o—l
San Francisco 4 3 1 0 1 0 0 1 •— lO
iiase hits 1 2 1 1 2 0 0 2 •— ll
SUMMARY.
Two-base hits — Murphy, Dunleavy, Benton..
on errors— Stockton 2. San Francisco 2.
Bases on balls, Stockton 10. San Francisco 4.
Left od bane* Stockton 7. San Francisco 6.
Struck out— By Whalen 5, by Perine 2. Hit by
r— sS-Mna, Whalen. Double plays— Krug
to Murphy. Dunk-avy to Krug to Murphy,
Whalen to Selna to White. Time of same — 1:00.
OAKLAND WHITEWASHED
San Jose's Great Playing De-
feats the Visitors in a
Desperate Contest.
SAN JOSE, June 26. — To-day's game
with Oakland was one of the prettiest
and most exciting ever played In this
city. It was a pitchers' contest in which
honors were evenly divided between
]burK and Russell. San Jose scored In the
lirst and aprain in the third, while Oak
land made nine futile attempts to press a
m;m across the rubber. The game was
replete with brilliant plays, Schmeer's
shortstop work never being equaled here.
Donavan also made several star catches.
San Jose played a phenomenal game
and would have beaten anything on the
map. Oakland made a desperate effort
to score in the ninth. Sullivan was given
a base on balls. Schmeer singled and
Moekiman also walked. With mree men
on bases Donavan came to the bat and
hit for what looked like a three-.bagger,
but McGucken made a sensational catch
and saved the game for San Jose. Com
pany B, United States Volunteers, was
present, it being their last apearance in
public before going away. The proceeds
of the game gn to th*» Hod Cross benefit
fund. Two thousand people were in at
attendance. Score:
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Donavan, r. f 5 0 1 o 2 1 l
O'Nell. 2 b 4 0 2 0 3 S 2
Lange, 3 b 3 0 0 12 0 1
Hardle, c. f 4 0 0 0 2 1 0
Sullivan, c 3 0 10 5 0 1
Schmeer, s. s 3 0 3 16 11
Poulter, 1 b 4 0 0 0 5 0 1
Dean. 1. f 4 0 0 0 10 0
Russell, p 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 34 0 7 2 27 7 ~1
SAN r JOSE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hanley, 1. f 4 110 2 0 0
Hanlon. lb 4 0 2 0 10 0 0
McOucken, c. f 3 0 0 12 0 0
Kapan. 2 b 4 0 0 0 3 5 i
Fofey, r. f 4 0 0 0 2 0 1
McCarthy, 3 n 4 0 0 0 2 4 0
Brockoff. b. s 8 0 0 0 2 2 0
Kent, c 4 0 0 0 4 0 0
Iburg. P 4 12 0 0 3 0
Totals 34 2 5 1 27 14 2
RUNS BT INNINGS.
Oakland 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 o—o
Baae hits 0 1110 111 I—7
Ban Jo»e 1 0 10 0 0 0 0 o—2
Base hits 1 0 1 0 3 0 0 0 o—s
SUMMARY.
Two-bape hit— lburg. Double plays— Eosan
to Brockoff to Hanlon. Hardle to O'Nell. Ba*e
on balls— Rushpll 2, Iburg 3. First bano on
errorp— Oaklund 1. San Jose 4. StrucU out— By
RuHßell 4, Iburc 4. Wild pitch— RunscU. Hit
by pitchor— Hanley. L*ft on bee'*-- Ban Joso
a, Oakland i. Sacrifice hit— Hanley. Time of
game — 1:40. Umpire — Creamer. Scorers — Doyle
and Webber.
LEFT THE FIELD.
Santa Cruz Players Become Dis
satisfied With a Decision
and Forfeit a Game.
FRESNO, June 26.— 1n the last half of
the eighth Inning, with the score 5 to 2
In their favor, Santa Cruz took exception
to a ruling by the umpire and left the
field. , The game was given to Fresno.
SANTA CRI'Z.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Wllllamn, c. s 4 0 10 0 0 0
Mclntyre. 1. f 4 0 0 0 2 0 1
Strleb, lb 4 0 10 7 10
Devereaux. 3 b 8 1 1 1 3 4 0
McGrath. r. f 3 1 1 0 1 0 0
C. Daubenbls, C....3 1 1 0 4 2 0
Blrge. o. f 2 0 1 0 0 0 0
Arellanos, 2 b 2 110 3 2*
E. Daubenbis. p.... 3 1 1 0 1 2 0
Totals 28 .1 8 1 »21 11 3
FRESNO.
AH. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Earley, 2 b 2 1 1 1 2 4 0
Gilbert, c. f 3 0 0 0 3 10
Held. 1 b 4 0 2 0 6 10
Met up. 1. f 3 0 10 10 0
Courtney, 8. a 4 0 0 0 2 0 1
Moore, 3 b 4 110 2 10
Brittain. r. f 2 0 0 0 4 0 0
Mangerina. c 4 1 1 0 4 2 1
Thomas, p 2 1 2 0 0 2 3
Totals 28 4 8 1 24 11 5
RUNS BT INNINGS.
Santa Ctue 0 0 0 10 0 4 •— 6
Base hits 0 0 1 S 0 0 S B— S
Fresno 0 0 10 0 2 0 I—4
Base hits 0 2 2 1 1 1 0 I—B
SUMMARY.
•No one out when Santa Cruz left the field.
Two-base hit— E. Daubenbls. Sacrifice hits—
Blrge and Brittain. First base on errors-
Santa Cruz 1. Fresno 2. First base on called
balls — Santa Cruz 'i, Fresno 9. Left on bases
— Sonta Cruz 2, Frpsno 12. Struck out— By
Daubenbts 2, by Thomas 3. Hit by pitcher—
C. Dauhenbis. Poub!i> play— C. Daubenbis to
Strleb. Time of ftamp--l:40. Umpire— Charles
Burleigrh. Official scorer— Al Sunderland.
/-*•
Won by the Alerts.
ALAMEDA. June 26.— The Alameda
Alerts a.nd the Orand Rule Bazaars of
Oakland played a game of baseball in the
Alameda league contest at Elmhurst this
afternoon. The game was won by the
Alerts by a score of 5 to 4.
Home Team Wins
MARYBVII.LE, June 2*?.— The Phoenix
team of Grass Valley was defeated this
afternoon by the local aggregation by a
score of 18 to 14.
WIND SPOILS THE
OARSMEN'S SPORT
ONLY TWO RACES SAILED AT EL
CAMPO.
In the First Heat of the Junior Out
rigged Skiffs Two Boats Were
Swamped — Wind and Waves
Were High.
A gusty gale and rough water were the
cause of sore disappointment to a large
number of the admirers of aquatic sports
who attended the Bculling regatta at El
C'ampo yesterday. Notwithstanding the
bad conditions the first heat In the junior
cmrigged skiffs was finally started at
12:50. It had been intended to put four
men Into this heat, but J. Lewis of the
Alameda. Boat Club having scratched in
the second heat. W. Kansen of the same
club was transferred to the second heat,
leaving in the first heat Victor Caglierl
of the Dolphins. 11. Wilder of the Pion
eers and J. Lyons of the South Ends.
Lyons had the outside station, but found
the wind so strong that he came close in
to shore. After the three scullers had
rounded the stake-boat, and were on the
way home, H. Wilder sind J. Lyons
swamped, leaving V. Caglieri to scull
home alone. Time, 19:9.
In the second heat of the junior out
rigged skiffs Conrad Ochs of the Pion
<.''■:>. William Howe of the Ariels and W.
Hansen of the Alamedas started. The
wind was constantly freshening and
swept down upon the water in strong
punts, making it impossible for the scull
ers to steer even moderately straight
courses. With tnuch labor all three men
managed to cross the winning line, the
order being as follows: W. Howe, Ariel
Rowing Club, tirst; Conrad Ochs, Pion
eers, second; W. Hansen, Alnmeda Boat
Cub. third. Time. 18:00. Hansen had the
outside station. The course was one and
a half miles with a turn.
After these two heats It was seen that
it would be practically Impossible to con
tinue the programme, and the races were
postponed until a later date. The first
two men In each preliminary heat are en
titled to row in the iinal heat, but as only
one contestant got over the course in the
first h<»at the second place in that heat
remains undecided.
Th« rppratta was held under the auspices of
the Pacific Athletic Association and was In
chare of the regatta committee, consisting of
A. P. Rnthkopf of the Dolphin*. B. ,7. Pem
broke of the Alamedas, J. 1). Mahoney of the
South Ends, J. R. Bookman of the Artels and
William C. Espy of the Pioneers. The acting
officials were as follows: Referee. Al Fritz of
the South Ends; starter. P. J. Enrlght of the
Ariels; marshal, M. J. Calnan of the Pioneers;
assistant marshal, Titus Brown of the Ala
medaß; ■ timekeepers— J. Keenan of th.<" Dol
phin?. Al Greenleaf of the Alamcdas, J. El
liott of the Olympics: Judges— D. Batteaux
and A. Taylor of the Ariels. A. McGeorse and
John Foley of the South Ends, J. Laib and
Joseph Sullivan of the Dolphins. D. Leahy
»nd E. Shea of the Pioneers. G. Miller and
H. W. Maas of the Alamedas.
Charged With Bobbery.
Gup Smith and R. E. Jackson, two ppa
and slu-il frame men. were arrested Sat
urday right by Detectives Kpan and T.
B. Gibpon on suspeclon of being the men
who stole a 510 gold picco from D. L.
Thrush of Fort Bragg, Mendocino coun
ty, in the maze at Sutro Heights on Sat
urday morning. Thrush railed at the
City Prison yesterday morning and iden
tified them and a charge of robbery was
booked against th»m.
APVERTISEHtENTS.
Annual Saloa over 6,000,000 Boxes
™ PILLS
FOR BILIOUS AND NERVOUS DIBORDERS
such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach.
Giddiness. Fulness after meals. Head-
ache. Dizziness. Drowsiness. Flushings
of Heat, Loss of Appetite. Costiveness.
Motches on the Skin. Cold Chills. Dis-
turbed Sleep. Frightful Dreams and all
1-ervous and Trembling Sensations.
THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF
IN TWENTY MINUTES. Every sufferer
TVIII acknowledge them to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
■ EKCHAM'S PI M.S. taken, as direct-
'•3, will quickly restore Females to com-
j.-leto health. They promptly remove
obstructions or irregularities of the sys-
tem and cure sick Headache. For a
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
And h«re the
■£: LARGEST SALE
iff any Patent Medicine In the World*
»' 25c. at "all Drug Stor«w.
}''.adway'« Ready Relief for Sprains, '■ Brclsw,
Bora Mucclre. Cramps. Burns. Kunburns, Back-
•cho. Headache. Toothache, Rheumatism. Neu-
ra!gia, Lumbairo. Internally for : all • R.ir.-el
Ft.lntt. Colic, ' Diarrhoea. Dysentery, Cholera
M'.rbUß and ElckneM, Nausea, etc. All drug-
fists.
THE SAN FKAXCTSCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 27, 1898.
ADVERTISEMENT S. -
MUNYON'S VIEWS.
He Claim* There Is a Care lor Every
Disease).
Professor Munyon. says that good health
Is essential to the accomplishment of good
•work. No matter how ambitious or how
pure or lofty one's, ideas may be, if dis-
ease is sapping our vitality and attracting
the thoughts to bodily aliments, we shall
not be able to render our loved ones and
eoelety that great sympathy and assistance
they have a right to expect of us. If you
are ailing your first duty Is to get -well.
I believe there is a cure for erery disease.
I have fifty-seven different cures for flfty-
seven different ailments. Science will some
day discover the others.
Munyon guarantees that his Rheumatism
Cure will cure nearly all cases of rheuma-
tism In a few hour's: that his Dyspepsia
Cure will cure Indigestion and oil stomach
troubles; .that bis Kidney Cure Will oure
90 per cent, of all cases of kidney trouble;
that his Catarrh Cure will cure catarrh, no
matter how long standing; that his Head-
ache Cure will cure any kind of headache
In a few minutes; that his Cold Cure will
quickly break up any form of cold, and
so on through the entire list of his reme-
dies.
Guide to Health and medloal advice abso-
lutely free. Prof. Munyon, 1505. Arch et,
Philadelphia.
MASON
JARS.
The fruit season is here — we are pre-
pared for it. Are you?
PINTS 45c
QUARTS KKc
Vi GALS 75c
You help us and we'll help you not
for a few hours each week but every
day and all the time.
CASH STORE
25-27 Market St., S. F.
WOMEN EATEN UP ALIVE
by Cancers could easily have been cured by !
writing for free 80-page book on 1000 cancers j
cured In California. No knife or pain, no
pay until cured. Hospital and office, \
17 THIRD ST., (near Market St, S. F.)
B. R. Chami.ey, M. D.
Send to Some One with Cancer
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Jb^ ' Steamers leave Broadway
liivssj»»~. wharf, San Francisco.
3 R?X3Hfew * For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
3 MBQh^ June f. 10, 15. 20. 25 - 30. July *•
9 E&E32\Xs transfer at Seattle.
» E(BSrl l»1j For Alaskan ports (from j
IHniiJVTf Folsom-street wharf), 10 a. m..
i^^^^HHHi June 5 - *''■ Jul >' i". August 4.
25, transfer at Portland, Or.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
C) Port Townsend, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett,
-•Jnacorteß and New Whatcom (Wash.) 10 a.
m June 5. 10, I£. 20. 25. 30. July 5. and every
fifth day thereafter, connecting at Seattle with
this company steamers for Alaska and a. N. ;
Ry . ™t Tacoraa with N. P. Ry.. at Vancouver
For C Eureka ' (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m..
June 1, 1, 13, 1». 25. July 1. and every sixth ;
day thereafter. Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon,
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon.
Ca\ n">B. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). ,
Gavlota, Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme.
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Loi Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m., June 2. S, 10. 14, 18, 22. 26. 30,
July 4. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har- '
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), U
a m.. June 4. 8, 12. 1«. 20. 24, 2S. July 2, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Eneenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., June 17, :
July 2.
For "further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change ;
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
an^ hours of soiling
TICKET OFFICB— 4 New Montgomery
■treet (l'alace Hotel).
OOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Gen. Atfts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Folsom-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
PARE $ 12 First Class Including Berth
IHnt. $8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
I Columbia June 5, 14. 2S
1 State of California June 8. 17, 28
', Oregon June 11. 20, 29
Bt. Paul »16 00; St. Louis $32 00
Kansas City .... 26 001 Chicago zi 50
Omaha 26 001 New York 81 mi
E. C. WARD. General Arent.
f3O Market »t.
GOOD ALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
@HPIUII The S. S. ALAMEDA
d m Bas«lia- l ' a " & vla Honolulu and
*&* HaaB * r Auckland for Sydney
y™*^_-^^ Wednerday, July IS, at
Sir^rnsllinJ " Thrsallinß for Hono-
C2)lMllllJlllK luh, June 29 Is can-
/J>mß7n/J,celcd.
ct^j, lyillJUUiWp Line to COOLGAR-
! DIE, Australia, and CAPE TOWN. South
i Africa.
; J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents.
114 Montgomery st.
. Freight office — 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
I **
• •
Compagnie Generate Transatlantiqus.
French Line to Havre.
i Company's Pier (new), 42 Nortl -r^rit*
River, foot of Morton St. Travelers +JTj£Fh,
1 by this line avoid both transit l)yJ^«*»
Kngllsh railway anl the discomfort of crossing
; the channel In a small boat. New York to
Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first class, J160;
second class. IllK.
LA BOURGOGNE..... July 2. 10 a. in.
LA T0URA1NE.......... ....July 9. 10 a. in.
; LA NORMANDIE July 16, 10 a. m.
• LA BRETAGNE July 23. 10 a. m.
j LA GASCOGNE... .........July 30, 10 a. m.
- For further particulars apply to '
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TKANSATLAN-
TIQUE. Agent. J
• ' No. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 6 Montgomery
eve., San Francisco.
ANCHOR LINE
United States Mail Steamships
j Sail from New York 'every Saturday for
. Glasgow via Londonderry.
Rates for Saloon Passage— of Rome,' $60-
other steamers. $50.
Second Cabin— Rome, $42 50; Furnessla, $37 50;
other steamers, $85.
Steerage Passage— Rome, $25 50; Furnessla
| $24 50; other steamers. $23 60.
For Book of Tours and Information, apnly to
I HENDERSON BROTHERS. General Agents, 7
Bowling Green, New York; or J. F. - FUGAZI
I Montgomery St. ; or L. F. COCKROFT, 114
Montgomery ; Ft. ; or R.R. RITCHIE, - 2 New
Montgomery St., San Francisco.
FOB 0. S. RAVY-YARO AND VALLEJO.
'-' Steamer "'Montlcollo."
Hon., Tues..'VVed., ;Thur«. and 5«t.......
9:46 a, m., 8:15 p. m. <&:30 p. in. ex. Thura >
Fridays .................. 1 p. ra, and 8:30 p. m
Eundaya ........:... ...... 10:80 a. m. and I p. ok.
Landing and Offices— Mission Dock. Pier a,
' Teiephuuo Had £241.
summer resort
Subscribers camping at localities along thelne of railroads where there are no postal facilities can have The Call thrown off
at their camp by sending nams and location of camp to The Call Subscription Department.
BARTLETT
SPRINGS.
. Spen-5 your summer outing them ana drink
from the famous
HEALTH = RESTORING SPRING.
Large Swimming Tank. Mineral. Tub. Vapor
and Roman Baths. Competent Masseurs.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN. ADVICE FREE.
Many Improvements. New cottages. Bowling
alleys rebuilt. Bath house enlarged.
Only Resort Keeping Paid Orchestra.
Dancing. Tennis. Bowling. Billiards, Croquet,
Handball. Shuttleboard. Livery and Burro* for
toe children.
RATES— HoteI and hotel cottages. $10 to $15
per week; housekeeping cottages. $3 to $7 p*r
week.
Call or address
BARTLETT SPRINGS CO..
22 Fourth St., San Francisco, or
BARTLETT SPRINGS. Lake County. Cat
Pamphlets mailed free.
A MAGIC ISLAND!
SANTA CATALINA.
A field for health and pleasure without »
counterpart In America or Europe. Most pho-
ncmenal rod «nd reel fishing In the world.
Wild goat shooting. The great Mage ride.
Delightful coast excursions. Novel out-doo?
■ports. Music, da. :ing. pyrotechnics, watM
carnival, etc.
HOTEL METROPOLE
Always open; modern appointments; efficient
management. '.
ISLAND VILLA
Open July L SPLENDID AitKA-NGEJoENT
for campers.
Full Information, rates and Illustrated pam-
phlets.
WILMINGTON TRANSPORTATION CO..
222 SOUTH SPHINO ST..
Los Angeles. CM.
SAEATOBA SPEIUS.
Lake County, Oat,
Curative powers of springs and mineral baths
unrivaled. Sixteen varieties of waters. A most
picturesque spot and charming climate. Kasy
of access; telephone connections and dally mall.
Rates to suit all. Write J. MARTENS. Pro-
prietor, or In San Francisco. 416 Pine street. F.
A. BUSSE.
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS,
Monterey County," Col.
For rest, health and pleasure, fine water*
«nd baths, cleanest accommodation and table.
Paralsa stands unsurpassed; round-trip tickets
at €13 Market St., S. F., $8; trains leave dally
at Third and Townsend 9 a. m for Solcdad.
For terms and free pamphlet address IV.
ROBERTSON. Manager.
01/ A nnO HOT SPRINGS, Sonoma Co
\li A 000 noTSFHTXOS. Sonoma Co
ft 11 SKIS \ Only 4H hours from 8. F. and
UlinwUU but 9 miles' staging; waters
noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bath
In State: swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain scenery; excellent climate; good trout
streams at door; photographers" room; tele-
phone, telegraph, daily mall: FIRST-CLAS9
SERVICE; morning and afternoon stages;
round trip from S. F. only $5 50; take Tlburon
ftrry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms.' $1 a
flay or $12 a week. Reference, any guest of th»
past three years. J. F. MULGREW. Prop.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
Thin delightful watering place Is located In
the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water, fine stone dining room; telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation;
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trl»
tickets at Southern Pacific offices, 110.
JOHN SPAULDINO, Proprietor.
J. WALLACE SPAULPINO. Manager.
CARLSBAD!
MOST BEAUTIFUL PPOI IN LA7O3 COUNTY.
The Mineral Springs are well known for mar-,
velous cures when everything else failed, es-
pecially In cases of STOMACH. LIVER, KID-
NEY and BLADDKR affections. New hotel;
superior accommodations; $8 to $10 per we^ic;
roads excellent: Rood trout fishing and deer
huntlnr on property. 1 For particulars .-/rite W.
R. McGOVKRN. Carlsbad. Lake County.
AGUA CALIENTE SPRIISGS HOTEL.
Sonoma Valley, two hours from S. F.. via lib-
uron ferry. \Varm mineral swimming and tub
baths. Hotel completely remodeled anJ refur-
nished. Water, gas. electric bells, nates $18 to
$12 per week. $2 per day. Address AQUA CALI-
ENTE SPRINGS, Aqua Callente. Sonoma. Co,
Cal. ; ■ :
HOTEL BENVENUE,
Lnkepopt; Cnl.-
Situated on the shore of ■ Clear Lake; fln»
large grounds: special facilities for famlllst
and children; home cooking: boating, bathing,
fishing: rates reasonable. Address FRANK
BCALES and A. M. SCALES. ■ ■,: -;
DUNCAN SPRINGS.
Two nines in. in Hoj>la.nu; ' une<4U*l<M noda
■nd magnesia springs; hot and cold baths; fur-
nished cottages; terms *10 to «12 per week.
Telephone. Buy through tickets. O. HOWkll" .
| Proprietor. Hopland. Cr.l.
LAKESIDE HOUSE, Lake Tahoe.
Good cheer and home comforts. Best location
for driving to all points of : interest on or. near
j the U:lt?. : Boats . free •to guests. For circular
I end terms address E. ;B. SMITH & CO.. Bijou
PostotUte. Cal. , •;., ;'■"'•""
DEER PARK INN
(Lake Tahoe). elevation 65U7 teeet. \ opens •; Jun»
J."-- Fine accommodations, v Cottages ; with : pri-
I vate bath* and open Area. : ■ Table unsurpassed.
i R. R. rates.; $13 M for. ROUND TRIP. ; «J.- 8.
| ÜBBT. room i. flood building. Baa Fnuiclaea
The Klondike
For HEALTH,
PLEASURE and
RECREATION
is along SAN FRANCISCO and
of th ne NORTH PACIFIC R'Y
(The Picturesque Route of Califj-n:*.)
If you want to camp. pitch a tent near a
lovely iake, or on the bank of coma beautiful
Btream, of which there are over 200, well
stocked with trout.
If you want to drink health-giving waters
and enjoy social life, visit one cf our many
Mineral Spring Resorts.
If you want to enjoy the "orre life of a
ranch there are many ranchers who Trill be
glad to have you. .--JSteSsa
Camping grounds are free.
At the Resorts and the homes of the ranchers
charges are reasonable.
For detailed Information apply at Ticket
Office. 650 Market st. (Chronicle building), or
at General Office. Mutual Life building. San-
some and California sts.
R. X. P.TAN. General Passenger Agent.
A. W. FOSTER. President and General
Manager.
RiLRQY HOT SPRINGS.
Under new management.
MECCA xl?
For the annual seeKer after
Repose and recuperation.
Only three and a half hours from San Francises.
Stage connects with the 2:45 p. m. train
From Third and Townsend street!.
PIERRE CARRERE, Manager,
Formerly proprietor of the Maison Tortoni and Poodle Dog
FREE CAMPING
All along th» San Francisco and North Pa-
cific Railway, In Marin. Sonoma. Mendoclno
and Bake counties.
Special camps with free wood on our Sonoma
and Guernevllle branches, rlong Sonoma Creek
and Russian River. Fishing, boating, bathing.
Easy access to city. Low rates. Supplies from
neighboring towns delivered daily at camps.
For detailed information apply at Ticket
Office. 650 Market st. (Chronicle building), or at
General Office, Mutual Life building. Sacsoms
and California sts.
R. X. RYAN. General Passenger Agent.
A. W. FOSTER. President and General Alan-
ager.
HOTEL,
METROPOLE 9
*P OAKLAND,
13th and Jefferson Sts.
v/&.^s : >Jutfc^!2y Only 85 minutes
fMrt|Wlifi*iKa Only 35 minutes
j^;rj{DMnrss . A Desirable Summer
'^■■^^T\l*l : and Winter Resort for
r Families, Travelers
R. M. BRTARE. Prop. an d Tourists.
HAWMI I""*HV SPRINGS.
H O WARD PUTAH P. 0..
a.n-KJ' ¥¥ nn\iy LAKE COUNT
Accommodations unsurpassed.
Rates, $3 $10 and $12. Special term* to fam-
ilies. Postofflce and telephone.
Round trip, »10. Southern Pacific ' of flea, CU
Market street.
Address MRS. R. J. BEEBT.
On Howell Mountain; elevation 1730 feet;
ewlmmlng tank 100x40; temperature of water
78 degrees; climate unsurpassed: chalybeate
and other springs; tennis, croquet, riding,
driving, $10 to 112 per week; two trains dally;
four hours from city Telephone.
E. ANOWIN. Anrwin. Napa County. Cal.
/T \Jk ftflftTi I lirif And good treat-
tl Xft Um)U LUttV ment go hand In
Ufiftftl) at HOTEL 00 * 1 treat-
UVVU Lit lV ment go hand In
hand at HOTEL GISELMAN.
RJI Im Lakeport. Cal.
A. H. SPURR, Proprietor.
TAMP MFFk'FR The Popular Resort; among
VAIUI i'ILLACn the Giant Redwoods of So-
noma County. Boating, bat lil and tent
grounds free;- fine fishing; climate perfect.
Board and lodging, SO 50 and J6: , unfurnished
rooms, $1 per week. Train stops -at camp.
Via Sausallto ferry,: round trip, $3; good for
ninety days.
SUMMIT SODA
SPRINGS.
On line of C. P. R. R. Elevation. . 6.^OJ feet.
: Dally ■ mail. : Telephone - connections. . New i ac-
commodations. Open June 1. Address OOUL-
DEN & JACOBS, Dormer. Placer Co., Cal.
JOHANNISBERG.
Famous mountain health and pleasure resort.
Flevatlon , 1200 feet. Relief for asthmatic*.
Fishing, boating.- hunting ■: and swimming.
Terms, $7 to $10. Send for circular to : v ■•„. . ;
? JOHANNISBERG RESORT. Napa. CaL
SUMMER HOME FARM.
■ ; Santa Cruz " Mountains. > first-class family r»- ;
•ort; cottages; tents, hunting and ? fishing ;ar-'
; tificial .; lake for , boating ■ and swimming; long
distance telephone; campers' return tickets
« 60. Send for circular to J. H. HAE3TER3I
Gleawood. CaJ. . j
El Paso de Rabies Springs Hotel,
PASO DE ROBLES. CALIFORNIA.
OTTO E. NEVER..... Proprietor
UiNDEIi NEW AND EXPERIENCED
MANAGEMENT.
.-. . t'' '
M*^! ' "."if T" ii -' it - - p.jt'*r^i^j *-l <I1 '' jf, x » Vi 3"i *^-
psp%ffyyf ill lll "jly, t^.JrlJLr^m^
GREATEST HEALTH AND PLEASURE
RESORT ON THE COAST.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN.
HOT MUD AND SULPHUR BATHS.
SODA SPRINGS.
IRON SPRINGS.
NEW HOTEL AND COTTAGES.
PAID ORCHESTRA.
DRINK PASO ROBLES SODA WATER.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY. CAL.
BEST PLACE IN CALIFORNIA FOB
HEALTH OR PLEASURE.
THIRTY OF THE GREATEST MINERAL
springs In America; all Mr.ds of amuse-
ments; new swimming tank, baths and bowl-
Ing alley. First-cl3«s accommodations; rates
reasonable. Write for illustrated pamphlet*.
San Francisco office, 316 Montgomery atreac
Address HIGHLAND SPRINGS. Cal.
MARK WEST SPRINGS
The most picturesque resort In California. Has
the only grapevine arbor in the State; a va-
riety of mineral springs, such as Soda, Sul-
phur, Magnesia, Iron and Arsenic; plunge bath;
swimming pool; billiards, shuffle-board, croquet
anil other games. Accommodations first class;
table good. Round-trip $3 76. Stage meets
morning trains and Saturday evening-. Terms
$9 to $12 per week. Address FRESE & JUER-
QENBEN. ■
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County, 6 Hours from San Franc»»co.
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
Grandest scenery. The hotel an enchanting
embowered home. Bath house rebuilt, elegant
porcelain tubs, tennis court, etc.
NATURAL STEAM AND MINERAL RATH*.
Tepid Swimming i-ake. Long-distance Tele-
phone, Telegraph, etc. Table unsurpassed.
Term*. $10 and $15 per w*ek: 12 and $2 M per
flay. R. M. HOP.TON. Proprietor.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Charming Spot to Visit This Bummer.
Boats free to guests. Fine fishing. Excellent
taMe. Clean beds and careful attention to
patrons. Climate perfect. Sixteen miles from
Truckee 1n the heart of the Sierras and sur-
rounded by magnificent trees of an unbroken
forest. The ideal spot for families because it Is
clean no poison oak. no pests. And pure air
and pure water. Address MRS. H. M. CLEM-
ONS, Virginia City, before June 1. when Inde-
pendence Lake will be open to the public.
JB 1 .- ir> No staging 1 to get there,
/■HTI B>l no fog. mosquitoes rr
riwELii&CJL winds when you are
■*•-*" •»»•» there. Tab!-- unsurpassed.
Hates CIO 512. $14 a week.
/^ • Round trip tickets $7. W.
VM^M/rP I* Mitchell. Manager:
Si \r\ F. V. Owen, Agent. Call
g/1 IIi«LO Building.
KLAMATH, HOT SPRINGS.
Ffr'^fcS fl W n n tfT E S 'Sl&fSi
wick. Slskiyou County, Cal.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
Natural advantages; salubrious llmcta; pic-
turesque scenery; mountain .walks; * pur»
spring water; beautiful drives; pine groves;
lawns and gardens. The best advantages for
those who need to obtain comfort, rest and
health culture in a short time. Address St.
Helena Sar-'«arium. St. Helena. Cal.
HARBIN HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Most wonderful waters; all kinds of skin
diseases cured In marvelously short time; kid-
ney, liver, ' catarrh rheumatism and stomach
troubles immediately relieved; , rates $10 to $1S
rr week. -Long-distance telephone. Address
A. HAYS, Proprietor. Lake County.
PLANTATION HOUSE,
Eighteen miles from Cazadero. on stage line.
Good trout fishing, plenty fn.it. cream and
milk; free conveyance for par' of two or
more: grand tedwood scener... Address J.
LUTTRINGER. Seavlew. • Sono*.a County, or
apply E. KRUSE. 207 Front St.. -3. F.. for par-
ticulars. *. -
HOTEL- DE REDJA/OOD
In the Heart of the Santa Cn>z Mountains.
Improved Table Service. •• Reasonable Rates.
For Particulars Apply to ■■'■■.
. M. S. COX. Laurel Postofflce.'
PARKER VINEYARD RANCH.
Natural attractions - without ;.mit. Pleasant ■
walks through shady canyons: '.'" Hunting and
fishing. Table supplied with fi sh ' vegetables,
fruits, butter, milk , anil eggs.;; A delightful
country home. Free conveyance at depot. $7
per week. JOHN D. WINTER. Vloveniale. Cal.
CALAVERAS BIG TREES.
Stage ride shortened 24 miles by Sierra Rail-
way to Jamestown. Fare 6. F. to Calaveras
Big Trees and return $17. JAMES M. HUTCH-
INGS. Agent.. 30 Montgomery. street.
tocalomaT"^-
BERTRftND HOTEL.
First-class accommodations; reasonable rates;
fishing : r beautiful drives to Bear Valley, etc.
, JOSEPH F. BEUTRjLKD, ox 324 lieaxny it.
HAYWARDS.
IF YOU...
1 ><v^ 1 ■ Are seeking for a de-
,sLy£^ lightful and healthful
resort for the summer
IMSSuciinr?J^. months for your family.
Gsa2!|EjSjßsjJsaf not so remote from
T&TtTH TO." 1 « : fiVsV town but that you can
is *.'*<' l*JLkjri^l»y£ be with them without
to i neglecting your busi-
ness.
IF YOU m m . . ■ Are in search of a good
table and comfortable sleeping apartments
only II 1 * hours' travel from San Francisco, with
half hourly communication, day and evening:
IF IT IS .... Your wish to confine
your summer's outing by a moderate outlay,
your attention is directed to
Haywards Park, at the Terninns of the Oakland,
San Leandro and Hay-wards Eleotric Railway.
Of? IF YOU . . Are fond of tenting,
here you will find a large number of commo-
dious platforms arranged convenient to th»
hotel dining room, on one of which you may
erect your tent.
A choice musical programme is rendered
every Sunday afternoon on the verandas of th«
club house. The cars of the company run,
into the park. The monthly commutation rate,
is only $■>; room and board, $S per week; board
for campers, $5 per week. Campers and room-
ers have the rame service from attendants. a
Address MRS. DORA SHANE. Hayward<%
Club House. _ «
ROWARDENNAN.
Santa Cruz Mountains on San Lorenzo River,
2 hours from S. F., 40 minutes from Santa
Cruz; grounds and river lit by electric lights:
tennis, bowling, boating, bathing and fishing;
finest hall and dining-room in Santa Cru«
Mts. ; club, billiard and smoking rooms. New.
hard finished and elegantly furnished. Tele-
phone and telegraph service. Round trip. {3.
Address THOMAS L. BELL, Prop., South Ben
Lomond. •
BEN LOMOND.
Private boarding at "Avoca." Terms V per
week. Address MRS. J. J. JOHNSON, Ben
Lomond, Cal.
MAGNETIC SPRINGS,
Situated in the -heart of the redwoods, four
miles from Glenwood. County of Santa Cruz.
Magnificent mountain scenery: elevation 1909
feet. Springs especially adapted for rheuma-
tism. Climate unsurpassed for pulmonary
troubles. Terms $7 and up. Hunting, fishing,
lawn tennis, bowling alley, billiards, piano,
etc. Cottages for families. Stage line 60c.
over a mountain boulevard, where the nicest
scenery Is to be seen of this and other counties. .
Address L. PERHACS, Glenwood.
TUSCAN SPRINGS,
Tehama County. By rail to Red Bluff. 139
miles; fare. {6 45; dally stage to springs, 9
miles; fare. $1; elevation 1000 feet; 20 furnished
cottages for rent; accommodations at hotel for
100 people; telephone, telegraph and poetofflc*
In hotel: rates. $10 and up; rend for book of
Information and testimonials. ED. B. WAlc '
BRIDGE. Proprietor.
BURLING AIVTeT
(San Mateo County.)
Redlngton Place for rest and comfort, from
June 11. Address IRA, G. HOITT.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
Increased facilities for comfort and pleasure;
new dining-room. 130 ft. lake frontage: new
stable and livery: boating and bathing .'roe;
$8 to $14 per week; round trip, $? 60. H. WAM-
BOLD, Prop.. Bertha P. P.. Lake County. Cfcl.
SODA BAY RESORT. . .
Most delightful spot in Lake County: hunt %>
ing. fishing, boating, . swimming; table sup-
plied with best market affords. Address MACK
& BURLINGAME, Proprietors, Soda Bay,
Kelseyvllle, Lake County. Cal.
TO the country we — We will meet you at
the depot; good accomodatlons; desirable lo-
cation; terms $7; children $3 50. E. M. SHEL-
FORD, Pleasant View ranch. Cloverdale. Cal.
WRITE W. H. MILLKK. I klah. livery ac-
commodations to springs In Lake and Mea-
rtrwlno counties to save money
WEEEUALL
o{ It Publishes the Cream of th»
3 News of the Week and
2 MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
c) ORIGINAL_FEATURES.
°S IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
_J PAPER ON THE
~J PACIFIC COAST
3 The Best V A Mining .
°> Telegraphic \/ News That
<=>k Service on /A. * s Accurate :
oc The Coast / \& up to data
o< _
c^ Not a Line of it Sensational
gj or Faky, and Not a Line of '
*J it Dry -or Uninteresting.
©< Bright, Clean. A Champion of
) Thoughtful. Truth. •
3 A California NEWSPAPER
~J ALL THE TIME. l
3fT ADVOCATES I SENT BT
I °) HOME - MAIL, S«.st
C>V INDUSTRIES 1 A YEAR.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
WHEN ALL CAN
WORK IN UNITY
How Oakland Will Se
cure a Celebration.
SUPERVISORS ON TRIAL
GOOD NAME OF A COUNTY RESTS
WITH THEM.
Commercial Men Have Solved a Prob
lem, but Theatrical Managers
Are a Long Way Behind
the Times.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, June 26.
It has always seemed to give pleasure
to some peoplo to represent Oakland as a
hive in which all the bees were always
quarreling and where no honey was made.
"While in a measure this idea may not be
altogether misleading, there are occa
sions upon which every one in this city
can unite. Such an evasion Is the Fourth
of July. No matter what business, social
or religious rivalries may exist in this
city, and they do exist generously, they
are all burled for twenty-four hours once
a year. At this time there is more energy
being shown by truly representative men
In preparing for a great patriotic demon
stration than has ever been known. These
men have taken hold of the project in
such a manner as to guarantee its suc
cess. They are men of pride, personally
and commercially, and they realize that
on this occasion they have to fulfill every
promise and every anticipation or else
Join the big majority of those who have
attempted such affairs and failed.
So far as it is possible to Judge, there Is
no lack of public support for these men
who Intend to prove that Oakland can
unite when the occasion is something that
strikes deeper than bolts of cloth or the
tenets of any particular creed. In a word,
Oakland is really patriotic. Her many
cliques may fight over all manner of
trifles, and they do fight over the most
trifling of trifles, but the red and white
Ftripes and the little white stars on the
blue ground produce the same feeling and
the same effect on all, and consequently
the railers at Oakland's occasional bick
erings must be quiet at this time and
must admit that there Is hope for the
future, for where real earnest patriotism
is manifest other qualities, though per
haps clouded, are certainly not far away.
This city has undertaken a new kind
of contract which it will be expected to
carry out within the next few months.
It has pledged itself to the United States
army officials that a military camp lo
cated here will find a more healthful
moral atmosphere than is to be found in
military reservations across the bay.
When Colonel Carrington was asked yes
terday if he thought the Oakland camp
would be better for the boys because of
their freedom from temptation, he re
plied: "That is the great reason which
brought us here."
This implies a great deal. It has long
been Oakland's boast that she has been
free from the pernicious temptations that
openly assail the youth in San Fran
cisco. Whether this character has been
deserved or not, has long been debatable,
because it is well known that although
much Is hidden in this city, vices .exist
under cover with as large a capacity to
demoralize as though thny were In the
open. There !s no doubt that with a few
thousand soldiers camped at Sather there
will be an attempt made to surround the
boys with Just those dens which have so
rapidly grown up around the camp at the
Bay District. Sather is outside the limits
of the city of Oakland, but it is In the
power of the Supervisors to grant as
many permits for liquor licenses as they
please, and owing to the few residents in
the neighborhood, it would be impossible
to obtain a requisite number of signers
to a protest. In consequence, the whole
matter is left to the discretion of the Su
pervisors, and with them Oakland must
perforce trust Its good name in this mat
ter.
There are generally supposed to be bfc
twpen seventy and a hundred thousand
people living along thia side of the bay
shore. Those who undertake to supply
this large amount of people wl*h the ne
cessities of life and amusement are al
ways complaining that there is but llt
tle Inducement to show enterprise on this
side while AlanifHlans persist in patroniz
ing San Francisco. This argument is as
Filly as it is false. After several years'
experience I am forcfil to believe that
the people of this county do their busi
ness on this side the bay to just such an
extent as they are encouraged to do so.
Some years ago the dry goods merchants
undertook to keep trade at home. They
enlarged their stores, took on new lines
of goods, brought everything thoroughly
up to date, sent their own agents East
and to Europe, and for a long time Oak
land" has hnu dry goods stnreF fully equal
to the finest across the bay and quite as
capable of supplying goods at the same
favorable prices. There have even been
Instances in which San Francisans have
done their purchasing In this line in Oak
land.
This enterprise was followed recently
by the hardware men, and it Is generally
believed that in the course of five years
at the farthest no trade will cross the
bay from this side.
It Is a generally accepted theory that
purchasers will spend their money where
they obtain their amusement. If this be
,-. [.plied to Oakland, It forecasts a dark
filture, for If ever a city was woefully
larking in enterprise regarding the estab
ADVERTISEMENT?.
+♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦++♦♦♦♦+♦♦+♦++♦♦♦♦++♦+♦♦♦+♦+
! EVERY WOMAN CAN I CURED j
♦ - ■ -- "\ ■ "*■
+ +
+ HPHE warming, gentle m^k^^t^ ♦
X A electric current which /^P^^?^T *
X Dr. Sanden's Electric W^^^M ♦
+ Belt infuses into the +
X tired nerves of women '^§|i^> 2t X
+ produces health. It sends .^— —^^ ~j 4
X its vitalizing spray over V,* C~^ J t
+ the. body in waves of re- " L^lf^t •-.:& J^< +
'+, freshing energy. It is *(~"* r ~*'^L ** Ng£^|| ♦
X a true nerve tonic and wl^ij r;i jr K^V'-'t
+ giyes instant relief. > *<^>^??«< ( >* +
..t v a v.~ .~.*i.rr> »r> mv hurk and knew for five or six years, with terrible auf-
♦ ferinß when I w^ke™ 1 Tot &lcf entirely gone^t I wore your Belt, and In two +
♦ weikf rhe c VIn W an^o,4n^ wa, entirely .one It .made , me f«| l^o h^ef ed when
+ L&.A^Nirc^^ I
X "MAIDEN, WiFE AND MOTHER." X
+ This is Dr. Sanden's latest work on female weakness and +
X like troubles. It can be had free upon application. Call +
4. and see this Belt to-day, free. _^
+ DR. A. T. SANDEN, *~~" in drug — * >
+ UK. A. I. DAINUJLI>i, NOT IN DRUG STORES. >
+ 702 Market Strut, Corner Kearny, Ban Fr*nelse«. , +
+ Office hours. BA. M. to BP. M. : Sundays, '<; Dr. «■«»«>««•■ Electric Belt +
, JO to 1. Branches at Los Angeles. Cal.. JO*H Is never sold in drug stores
"*" South Broadway; Portland, Or., 253 Washing-: nor by traveling agents. - "*"
-*- ton street: Denver, Col., 831 Sixteenth street; • , > ■■....■■ ' X
IT Dallas, Tex.. 286 Main street. *•— — :: — — — - — "— T
lishment of permanent amusements, this
is that city.
A few years ago Oakland built a beau
tiful playhouse. Ten thousand dollars
was contributed by the public as a bonus
to start the enterprise. The. Macdonough
is justly credited with being one of the
best appointed theaters in the country.
But it Is only on an average of once a
week throughout the year that its doors
are open. During the past month it has
been practically closed all the time. This
Is probably the fault of both the theater
management and the public. Theater
going is largely a habit and it is impossi
ble to cultivate a habit sufficient to make
it profitable by opening a theater once or
twice a month. The management com
plains that when a good attraction is
presented there is no audience and the
people complain that the theater is not
open and presenting good attractions all
the time. It surely is not unreasonable
to suppose that Oakland and all the sur
! rounding towns can support at least
i one good theater, but either the habit
must be encouraged to stay here, or the
play-goers will patronize San Francisco.
There is no other first-class amusement
1 house on this side of the bay. and only
i one cheap theater, which Is also closed.
This leaves absolutely no place for any
! body to go who seeks amusement. As a
result, after becoming tired of trying to
find their amusement in Oakland, they
are actually driven to San Francisco for
lack of anything £*»s£»■ gere.^
SOLDIERS AT CHURCH.
The Men of the Astor Battery Attend
Service in Alameda.
OAKT.AN'D. June 2C— There was a spe
! cial patriotic service at Christ Church,
Alameda. yesterday morning. The Rev.
Dr. Lacey sent a personal Invitation to
: the Astor Battery, through Lieutenant
March, and a large number of the men
' were in attendance. Long before service
the church was completely crowded, many
visitors from Oakland and San Francisco
I occupying the pews. The national air
■ was sung and prayers were offered for the
; safe voyage of the transports and a vic
tory for the American arms. Dr. Lacey
, preached a Bermon appropriate to the oc
casion, addressing more especially the
members of the battery: At the close or
the services the men present were pre-
I sented with pictures of the church. The
; occasion excited wide interest among the
i congregation and friends.
Call an Eastern Pastor.
OAKLAND, June 26.— Rev. John T. Sun
deriand of Ann Arbor, Mich., will be
sent a unanimous call from the First
Unitarian Church of this city. The mat
ter was put to a vote of the congrega
tion this morning and there was not a dis
senting voice. Rev. Theodore C. Williams
preached his farewell sermon this morn-
Preparing the Camp.
OAKLAND. June 2(l.— The site that will
be known as Camp Barrett at Fruitvale
is being rapidly prepared for the troops
which will begin to arrive next Tuesday.
Water pipes are being laid and the sew
erage being made perfect.
Among the Churchep.
OAKLAND. June Rev. Dr. R. F.
Coyle, having returned from the East,
preached at the First Presbyterian
Church morning and evening.
The Pacific Coast Holiness Association
have now completed a beautiful mission
hall on Ninth street, between Webster and
Franklin streets, which will be opened on
Sunday, July 3. In memory of their old
San Francisco mission it Is named Adelphl
Hall, and they have secured the services of
Rev. George Newton as superintendent.
Rev. Dr. Edgfyn preached at the Tenth
avenue Baptist Church this morning.
At the First Congregational Church
Rev. L. H. Halleck and Rev. G. B. Hatch
preached. Rev. C. R. Brown, the pastor,
is expected from Honolulu next week.
Dr. J. K. McLean preached at the First
Baptist Church this morning in the ab
sence of the pastor.
Rev. M. C. Briggs. D.D., occupied the
pulpit at the Eighth Avenue M. E.
Church.
. Mrs. Mary E. Teats, national superin
tendent of purity work, W. C. T. U..
preached at the Chester street M. E.
Church.
Rev. E. F. Brown filled the pulpit thta
evening at Dr. Dille's" church.
« ♦ ■
SONS OF TEMPERANCE MEET.
A Stirring Address by the Rev. J. W.
Webb of Fresno.
BERKELEY. June 26.— The Berkeley
division of the Sons of Temperance held
a mass meeting this afternoon in the First
Baptist Church on Allston way. The oc
casion was a welcome to the Rev. J. W.
Webb, the temperance orator of Fresno.
Mr. Webb'is en route to Canada to take
part In the Prohibition campaign there. In
the course of an interesting address he
said temperance work was now being
done under Gladstone's maxim — that it is
the duty of government to make It as
ea&y as possible for its subjects to do
right and hard as possible to do wrong.
He advocated active political campaign
work and thf organization of temperance
clubs, which he declared accomplish more
for the cause than the churches.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, June 26.— President Martin
J. Kellogg of the University of California
will return from his trip to Los Angeles
next Tuesday evening.
A mass meeting of the Berkeley branch
of the Red Cross Society will be held to
morrow afternoon at the Red Cross head
quarters in the Hinkle block to consider
plans for the public dinner to be given
on the Fourth of July.
Died I'rom His Wounds.
Lung Sher, a Chinese who was shot In
the knee on the 31st of last March, died
yesterday from the effects of his wounds.
At the time of the shooting two high
binders named Mah Noon and Yeong Yee
were arrested for the offense. Mah Noon
was tried and convicted for an assault
with Intent to commit murder. He will
appear for sentence on this conviction
next Friday, but the attorney for the
prosecution, J. N. E. Wilson, will move
for a new trial for the purpose of put
ting him on trial for the crime of mur
der. The other highbinder, Yeong Yee,
is In Jail awaiting trial.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 27, 1898.
HE HEALS
BY PRAYER
Dr. Francis, Oakland's
New Sensation.
THE LAME ROSE AND WALKED
W. TAYLOR THREW AWAY HIS
STICK AND DANCED.
Rarely Are Heard Such Players
as Those Offered by
the Patriarchal
Healer.
OAKLAND, June 26.— Dr. F. W. Fran
cis, the divine healer who figured at the
healing of Mrs. Carrie Judd Montgomery,
opened a. mission in a large tent at Four
teenth street and Broadway to-night.
The Unt was crowded, but the results
were somewhat of a disappointment. The
healer is a forceful, magnetic speaker of
great power, highly educated and of Eng
lish descent.
There is mystery surrounding "Dr.
Francis." He declares that this is not his
right distinction, but that he is descend
ed from the French and English aristoc
racy. He has long articles from Eastern
newspapers applauding his wonderful
qualities and he frequently asserts, dur
ing his powerful addresses, that he de
sires not to be known, as it would ham
per him in his work, "which is solely that
of God."
The healer frequently aroused the fer
■\or of his audience and some of the most
enthusiastic yelled 'Hallelujah" and
"Amen." He has certainly started a new
sensation that bids fair to equal the no
torious excitement of the Woodworth
mission years ago.
After the address the maimed and halt,
deaf and blind were Invited to the front
and a few were treated. A well known
broom maker, W. Taylor, walked on the
platform with the aid of a stick and after
a fervent prayer jumped up and twisted
himself around and ran off the stage
while the crowd murmured approval.
A woman took a lad about 10 years of
age on the platform and told the healer
that he had been subject to epileptic fits,
some times as many as a dozen a day,
for years. As the patriarchal healer, with
fiu wing white beard, embraced the lad ana
called on the Almighty in a loud voice,
to heed his prayer, and on every parent
to join his petition, the large audience
was spell bound. The scene was inspir
ing and really grand. Rarely are suon
prayers heard, and the weeping mother
took her boy away with the healer's as
surance that he would certainly be
cured. A few cases of total deafness in
women were declared to be relieved and
the patients testified that they coulu
hear. »
"Dr. Francis* said that to-night was
merely a beginning and that he can curs
200 cases a night. He refuses any kind
of consideration and says he is fed by the
hand of God;
EDWARDS DAVIS
SUES FOR PEACE
WARRING CHURCH MEN HAVE
SHAKEN HANDS.
The Actor Parson Asked His Late
Congregation for Their Good
Wishes and the Holy Kiss
Was Exchanged.
OAKLAND, June 26.— The olive branch
of peace again waves over the Central
Christian Church. Rev. Edwards Davis
and the oflioers and congregation and
Rev. Dr. Sawyer have all shaken hands,
exchanged the holy kiss and are now
friends. At the regular service to-night
Rev. Davis read the following letter and
when he had finished the Incident that
commenced at Durrant's execution when
the pastor's name was coupled with red
wine, was declared to be closed.
OAKLAND. June 22. IS9B.
To the Officers of the Central Christian
Church— : Your solicitous request has
after due consideration occasioned my d?sir>
to meet with you the first Lord's day service of
th church, making such amends as are con
sistent •with the teachings of the New Testa
ment to the end that a full fellowship may
he perfected. At the time of the action of the
officers the existing circumstances were such
as to make their decision wholly Justifiable, but
now It would be inconsistent with the compre
hensive lev: of any one pretending to be a dis
ciple of Jesus Christ to withhold forgiveness
when pardon is asked. With absolute honest y
I confess I hold no ill-will toward any officer
or member of the church, and pray that am
nesty anil charity may characterize all ou>
lives to the result that our own souls may be
beautified and thnt the souls of others may be
constrained to yield to the omnipotent love of
Jesus. It is my ardent hope that a spirit of
love will be a balm to every severed Action
and that the "Central" may bring forth rich
harvest unto the glory of God to whom be
harvest unto the glory of God, to whom be
EDWARDS DAVIS.
The Nineteenth Century David.
Rev. W. E. Dugan, pastor of the Stew
art Presbyterian Church, took for the
subject of his address at last night's ser
1 vices, "Dewey the Ninetenth Century
David." He paid In part:
A glance at the victory of Dewey and
his relation to this Government and the
times reveals some analogies between
him and David. The threatening attitude
of the Philißtlnes resembles the haughty
daring of the Spaniards, and the signal
victory of Dewey reminds us of David's
victory over the giant of Goth. David
was chosen to fight the battle because
no one else was available. Perhaps If
Dewey had not been at Hongkong ho
would not have been chosen to meet th«
enemy at Manila. But as God raised up
David to deliver Israel of the Philistines,
bo he named Dewey from a child for
the battle of Manila, and his Providence
sent him to the Far East long before man
dreamed of war with Spain. Dewey and
David alike represented the armies of the
Lord, and were brought to their respec
tive places by the plan of God for the
extension of the Lord's kingdom. Dewey's
victory in the East has done more for
missions and civilization than the com
bined efforts of missions could do. His
victory has broken the Jaw of the Red
Dragon and sent him reeling to his den
of slime. Dewey's victory, like David's,
broke the backbone of the war. The one*
bold, haughty Madrid Is now about to
gxop on her knees to plead In humble
petition for peace. She does not like the
taste of her bread buttered with Ameri
can bullets. American dynamite In her
erownj makes her head reel In frenzy.
Her cron sword has slajn her in the hand
of the nineteenth century David.
WORLD'S MILE RECORD
BROKEN BY SMITH
Garden City Wheelman Covers the
Distance In 1:50 4-5 on the
Gilroy Course.
GILROY, Juno 2fi.— Bunt Smith of the
Garden City Wheelmen broke tho world's
mile bicycle record to-day over the Gll
roy course. His time was 1:50 4-5. The
record was formerly held by Ferguson of
Terra Haute, whose time was 1:651-5.
Famous Mechanical Engineer Dead.
NEW YORK, June 26.— Edward Mars
land ie dead at Oslnnlng, near Sing Sing,
from the effects of a -wound self-inflicted
three weeks ago. He was born at New
castle sixty-nine years ago and was a
most skillful mechanical engineer. Mr.
Marsland was for a long time superin
tendent of the Rock Shipyard at Chester,
Pa, He was on the Monitor when that
famous vessel made her first trip froJi
New York to Norfolk,
FIRST CRUISE
IS THEIR LAST
Two Alaska Steamships
Wrecked.
DISABLED BY ROUGH WATER
GAMECOCK AND STAGHOUND
TOWED BACK.
Yukon-Bound Passengers Panic-
Stricken When the Light Craft
Began to Fill With.
Water.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, June 26.— Two more
steamships intended for the Yukon
River trade have been almost totally
disabled. They are the Staghound and
the Gamecock, which left Portland on
Friday for the north, in tow of the
steamer Elihu Thompson. "When eight
hours out at sea both small steamships
foundered and became waterlogged,
with two feet of water on their main
decks and the upter works badly bat
tered by the action of the waves. These
steamships are now practically worth
less.
On the decks of the vessels were
loads of cordwood and Oregon fir. These
acted as a life buoy, keeping the water
logged steamships from sinking to the
bottom. There was also on the yes-
sels $10,000 worth of merchandise and
stores, which are almost a total loss.
On board were seventy-five persons,
members of the crews and employes
of the Yukon Transportation and Com
mercial Company, which owend the
craft. No lives were lost, as the men
were all transferred to the Thompson
and taken to Astoria,
The steamships had just been com
pleted at Portland, coating about $45,000
each, and when laden drew about 33
inches of water. They were Bplendidly
equipped and had a capacity of six
teen knots an hour. William A. Rich
ardson of San Francisco, general man
ager of the company, of which E. E.
Shotwell is president, says the Game
cock and Staghound were insured for
$50,000. The vessels were to have been
operated on the Yukon in connection
with the ocean steamship Humboldt,
which is booked to sail from Seattle
to-morrow for St. Michael.
ASTORIA. June 26.— The wrecking of
the Staghound and the Gamecock is
thus described by Chief Engineer Kelly
of the Elihu Thompson:
"We left the Columbia on Friday
evening with fair weather and a fair
sea. At 10 o'clock Friday night the
Gamecock displayed a red light, as also
did the Staghound, which was the pre
concerted signal of danger. The
Thompsr-n slowed down and waited
for daylight. At break of day they
awakened me, and Captain Garlick told
me to take the small boats and see
what was the trouble. With the sec
ond mate and three men of our crew
I put out for the Gamecock. On ap
proaching her I saw she was In a bad
condition, the oakum streaming out
from her seams. I asked Captain
Fisher what was the trouble, and was
informed that when they struck the
first swell off the Columbia the passen
gers were frightened beyond reason
and the boat commenced to work badly.
"I went on to the Staghound and
found the condition of affairs worse.
The passengers and some of the crew
were Imploring me to take them off.
I told them to keep quiet, as there was
no immediate da.nger. The passengers
were running about the decks like de
mented persons, with their life-pre
servers on and their possessions piled
up in promiscuous heaps. I went back
to the Thompson, and, securing more
boats, returned to the wrecks.
"At this time we were about thirty
miles at soa. Reaching the Gamecock,
we commenced transferring passengers
and crew. Captain Fisher and two or
three men refused to leave their boat.
He had a crew of thirty men and four
teen passengers. The Staghound, in
charge of Captain Lane, had about the
same number of people aboard, and a
few of her men stood by him. refusing
to leave the boat. The others behaved
well, but the passengers on both boats
were like crazy people.
"About this time the pilot schooner
San Jose came up and took the Game
cock in tow, while I took care of the
other boat. All who wanted to be
transferred were safely taken care of
and a few o-f their personal effects were
taken aboard the Thompson. The tow
line and chains remained Intact, and I
attribute the fact of the breaking up
of the boats to their extreme length,
which was 175 feet."
Captain Fisher of the Gamecock had
a trying experience on Friday night.
Even before he signaled us many of
the passengers, most of thpm from Mis
souri and Kansas, who had never be
fore seen the ocean, came to him with
revolvers and threatened to shoot him
if he did not put back to port. Fisher
kept his head and coolly told them to
go to bed and he would take them to
safety, but many of them bothered him
all night. -
CLEVELAND-NEW YORK
BALL GAME PREVENTED
Cincinnati Loses to the Senators and
Chicago Wins From th«
Brooklyns.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubn— W. T. Pet. Clubs— W. T. Pet.
Cincinnati ..87 21 .688 New York ..28 28 .600
Boston 86 21 .632 Philadelphia 25 28 .472
Cleveland ...34 22 .607 Brooklyn ....23 32 .418
Baltimore ..32 22 .593 Washington .22 36 .879
Chicago 33 28 .559 St. Louts ....20 87 .351
Pittsburg ....31 26 .644 Louisville ...19 41 .317
CLEVELAND. June 26.— The rame to
have been played between Cleveland and
New York at Euclid Beach Park to-day
was prevented by officials of Colllhwood
ville. The players were notified that they
would be arrested as soon as the first ball
was pitched and the game vu aban
doned. Four thousand persons were out-
Bide the gate, but were not admitted to
the grounds.
CHICAGO, June 26.— 80 th teams batted
hard to-day, the Orphans winning be
cause over half their hits were doubles
and triples. Attendance 8000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 18 15 8
Brooklyn • 10 14 2
Batteries— Kllroy and Donahue; Miller and
Ryan. Umpires— Emalie and Curry.
CINCINNATI, June 26.— Breltenateln's
miserable pitching allowed the Senators
to win to-day. Mcßride's fielding was
the only feature. Attendance 5684. Score:
Clubs— R. H. B.
Cincinnati 4 10 2
Washington 18 IS 5
Batteries— Breltenstein and Peit«: Weyhlng
and Farrell. Umpires— Bwartwood and Wood.
ST. LOUIS, June 26.— N0 game; rain.
TACOMA, June 26.— Score;
Club*- R. H. B.
Tacoma 6 10 5
Portland „ 4 4 7
Westlake's Bondsmen Sued.
MONTEREY, June 26.— The County of
Monterey has brought suit against the
bondsmen of ex-Tax Collector Charles L.
Westlake to recover 120,000. the amount of
Westlake's alleged defalcation of county
money.
; ADVERTISEMENTS.
rß+B+a+B+B+B+B+a+B+S+H+S-rH+B+B+B+H+B+H+a+BH
CITY OF #H% PARIS
DRY GOODS COMPANY.
Cloak and Suit Department!
Oar Regular Clearance Sale Continues with GREAT SUCCESS.
HONEST REDUCTIONS AND RELIABLE GOODS ARE CERTAINLY
APPRECIATED.
WE HAVE REDUCED OUR
TAN COVERT CLOTH SUITS, tailor-made, jacket silk lined, to $20.00
TAN COVERT CLOTH, separate jackets, all silk lined, t0........ 10.50
BLACK AND NAVY. SERGE SUITS, tailor-made, skirt and
jacket silk lined, t0... 20.00
BLACK AND NAVY CLAY WORSTED JACKET, all silk lined,
to 10.50
NAVY, BROWN AND BLACK SERGE RUSSIAN BLOUSE
SUIT, handsomely braided, to ..: 12.00
FINEST ALL-WOOL NOVELTY CLOTH DRESS SKIRTS, to.. 6.50
ALL PIQUE SUITS and ORGANDIE DRESSES are reduced to cost
price.
IMPORTED FANCY COSTUMES greatly reduced-
Country orders carefully and promptly attended to.
■■. ; .
CLOAK AND SUIT DEPARTMENT,
MILLINERY DEPARTMENT,
LINGERIE DEPARTMENT
and CURTAIN DEPARTMENT
ON SECOND FLOOR.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, S. F.
UNION SQUARE.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian—Pacific Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO, June 26, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are
reported to-day from Weather Bureau stations
In California:
Eureka, 68; Sacramento, 88; Fresno. 106; In
dependence, S8; San Diego, 68; Red Bluff. 100;
San Francisco, 67; San Luis Obispo, 76; Los
Angeles, 74; Yurna, 112.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
67; minimum, 52; mean, 54.
The pressure has fallen rapidly during the
past 24 hour* over Northern Idaho and Wash
ington. It ha* risen rapidly over the upper
Missouri Valley. An area of low pressure over
lies Arizona, New Mexico and .>orthwestem
Texas.
The temperature has risen over Eastern
Washington, Eastern Oregon and Idaho. It
has remained nearl- stationary on the Pacific
Coast. In the great valleys of California and
over Arizona the temperatures are from 9 to
14 degrees above the normal.
No rain has fallen west of the Rocky Mount-
ains.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight, June 27. 1898:
Northern California— Fair Monday, with fog
In the morning; northwesterly winds.
Southern California— Fair Monday, with tog
along the coast; fresh westerly winds.
Nevada — Fair Monday.
Utah — Fair Monday.
Arizona— Fair Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Monday,
with fog in the morning; fresh westerly winds.
Mount Tamalpais— Clear; wind west, 12 miles
per hour; temperature, 78; maximum temper
ature, 79. ALEXANDER McADIE.
Local Forecast Official.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur ai
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
' JUNE— IS9B.
Monday, June 27.
Sun rises 4:49
Sun sets 7:35
Moon setg Midnight
H Time Tlmel Tlmej ITimel
£ Feet. !Feet. Feet. Feet.
n>HWLW H W L W
27 6:17 5.6 10:42 1.9 5:28 5.3
L W IHW L W H W
28 0:28 1.2 6:52 3.4 11:34 2.8 6:11 5.5
29 1:27 0.6 8:25 3.5 12:30 2.S 6:57 5.7
30 2:25 —0.1 9:42 3.7 1:29 3.1 7:47 6.0
1 3:18 —0.6 10:44 3.9 2:27 3.1 8:39 6.2
2 4:09 —1.1 11:34 4.1 3:25 5.2 9:32 6.2
3 4:57 —1.3 12:18 4.2 4:21 3.2 10:27 6.2
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are Riven in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
I second time column gives the second tide of
I the dny, the third time column the third tide
I and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of th« day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height.
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the m^an of th<» lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
San Mateo
Wellington
Coos Ray
Empire
Willamette
Oregon
North Fork
Alameda
Orizaba
Washtenaw.. ..1
Acapulco
Columbia
Pomona. I
Crescent City.. l
City of Panama]
Umatllla
Arcata
Hompr
State California!
uomox
Departure Bay
Newport i.
Coos Bay |
Seattle
Portland
Humboldt
Sydney
Humboldt
Tacoma
Panama
Portland
rune 27
'une 27
une 2S
rune 2S
'une 28
rune 2S
rune 29
rune 29
rune 29
rune 29r une29
rune 30
rune 30
rune 30
rune 30
Fune 30
uly 1
uly 1
uly 2
uly 8
San Diego
n
Crescent City |
San Jose <ie Guatemala. {
Victoria k Puget Sound;
Coos Bay '•■■
Newport
Portland |,
STEAMERS TO SAIL..
Rosa
Destination.
;. Mlohael...
in Diego... .;
umboldt
regon Ports.
:>rtland
rune 27, 4 pmj
rune 28, 11 am
rune 28, 9 am:
fune 28, Sam
rune 29, 10 am
une 30, 9 ami
P une 30, 10 am;
uly 1, 12 m|
uly 1, 10 am]
uly 2, 10 am]
uly 2, 11 ami
uly 3, 9 ami
uly 6 1
Pier.
Pier 2
jPler 11
I Pier 13
!Pier 20
[Pier 12
Pier 11
Pier 9
Jay...
ewport
1c & Pirt Sd.
mama
a ..
umboldt ....
>rtland
Pier 9
Pier 12
Pier 11
Pier 2
n Diego
i t i .
umholdt ....
laska I
! "
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph HHI is hoisted about ten minutes Mb fore
noon, and is dropped at noon 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mare
Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time or giving the error, if any. Is
published the same day by the afternoon papers
and by the morning papers the following day.
C. P. WELCH, Ensign. U. P. N.. In charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, June Zt.
U S stmr BennlDffton, Nichols, 10 day* from
Honolulu.
Stmr Chilkat. Anderson, 28 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Fulton, Mclntyre, 84 hours from Asto
ria via Coos Bay and Eureka.
Btmr Gipsy, Olsen, 20 hours from Monterey
and way ports.
Austrian stmr Burma, Mlkulicloh. 94 hours
from Nanalmo.
Stmr Bonita, Nicolson. 18 hours from San
Simeon.
Stmr Walla Walla, Wallace, 61 hours from
Victoria and Pufcet Sound ports.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Parsons, M% hours from
San Diego. •
Stmr Newsboy, EHefsen, 80 hours from Usal.
bound for Baa Pedro. Put in to land passtn-
JMTB.
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen, 14 hours from
Whltesboro.
Stmr Sequoia, Thwing, 18 hours from Fort
Bragg-.
Stmr Mackinaw, Littlefleld, 85 hours from
Taooma. Oakland direct.
Br ship Langdale, Hunter, 94 days from New
castle. NSW.
Schr Pioneer. Mikkelson, 8 days from Grays
Harbor.
Sehr Neptune, Estvold, S days frm Cooa Bay.
Schr Gotama, Dedrick, 4 days from Coos
Bay.
SAILED.
Sunday, June 26.
Etmr Arcata, Reed, Coos Bay.
Stmr "Newsboy. Ellefsen, San Pero.
Stmr Homer, Jessen, San Pedro.
Ptmr State of California, (ireen, Astoria.
Br ship L»eland Brothers, Bailey, Port Towns
end.
Park Aureola, Mercer, Willapa Harbor.
Brig John D Spreckels, Christiansen, Hono
lulu.
Schr Ida Schnauer, Neil sen. Fort Bragg.
Sell* Rio Key. Johnson.
Sohr Winchester, Huns, codfishinff.
Schr Jennie Thelin, Hansen. Grays Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS^-June 28, 10 p. m.— Weather
foggy; wind SW; velocity 12 miles.
SPOKEN.
Per Point Arena— June 25— Off Whitesboro.
tuff Rescue, hence June 24 with Br bark Pen
rhyn Castle In tow.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Arrived June 25— Schr Edith, frm
: stmr Washtenaw, hence June 21.
Sailed June 25— Stmr Al-Ki, for Alaska; bark
Colorado, for Dyea; Br ship Dunboyne, for
PORT ANGELES— In bay June 26— Bark J
D Peters, from Comox, for Cooks Inlet
TATOOSH — Passed June 26— Stmr Willam
ette, from Seattle, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— SaiIed June 26— Stmr Oregon, for
San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Arrived Juna 25— Bark
Harvester, from Algoa Bay to load for Hono
lulu.
HlLO— Arrived June 9— Schr Annie M Camp
bell, from Honolulu.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived June 26— Stmr
Noordland, from New York for Antwerp, and
proceeded; stmr Prince Regent Leopold, from
New York for Bremen.
HAVRE— Arrived Juns 26— Stmr La Bre
tagne. from New York.
QUEEXSTOWN— SaiIed June 25— Stmr Etru
rla. from Liverpool for New York.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 HEARST ST. Established
, In 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
i disease wearing on bodyand mind and
Skin Diseases. The doc when
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
!(nre»eaaran<<>rd. Callorwrite.
Dr. J. tr. uIBBOUT, Box 1937, San Francisco.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Xiburon Ftnii P««t of Market St.
•' SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN T..VFAKI*
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. 12:SS.
8:30, 5:10, 6:80 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. in. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:W
i and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. 3:38.
i 6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:60. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 11:45.
3:40, 5:10 p. m. ° Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 1:40.
• :00. 6:2* p. m.
- Between Ban Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
April 23, —
Week I Sun- 1898. ■ ; Sun- I Week
Days. I days. Destination, | days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, . 6:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
T " ■ Fulton, '
7:30 am . Windsor, 10:23 am
Healdsburg;.
Lytton,
■ , ■ . » ■ Geyservllle, •■ '
8:80 pm 8:00 am Clpverdale. 7:35 pm 6:23 pm
7:30 am ■ Hopland and" - 10:25 am
8:30 pm 8:00 am . . Uklah. : 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am . ™ 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm -
: 8:30 pm - ' " ■■ ■ ' ■ - . ■ 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma ' 0:40 am 8.40 am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sevastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
t:3O pm 5:00 pm ■ - ■ 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
eerville for Ska Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, New Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's, River-
side, Llerley's, BuckneM's, Sanhedrtn Heights,
Hullvllle, Booneville, Orr*s Hot Springs, Men-
docino City, Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday . round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. . . . :
Ticket Offices. '6so Market St., Chronicle bid*.
A. W. FOSTER, R. X. RYAN,
i Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUiI
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From June 1, 1898," trains will run as follows:
South-bound. _ North-bound.
. Passen- Mixed , . Mixed ' Passen-,
. ger Sunday Sta- Sunday gar
Dally. lExo'pt'd tons. Exc'pt'd Dally.
7:20 am 9:00 am Stockton 3:45 p m 6:40 p m
9:10 a m 12:50 p m . Merced 12:50 p m 8:63 p m
10:40 a m 8:50 p m Fresno 9:30 a m 2:20 p m
11:35 am 6:45 p m .Hanford 7:45 am 1:25 pm
1:45 p m 11:60 p m B'k'rfl'd 2:30 a m 10:15 a m
12:05 p m 7:50 p m Vlsalla 6:40 a m 12:55 p m
Stopping at Intermediate points as :. required.
Connections — At Stockton with steamboats ot
California Navigation ■ and . Improvement Com-
pany, . leaving San Francisco and Stockton at 8
p. m. - dalls ; at '; Merced with stages .■ to : and
from ►•' Snelllngs, Coultervllle, Ynsemlte, . . etc ;
also with stage from Hornitos, Marlposa, etc;
at Lankershlm with stags to and from Madara.
r - MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
' (Vla'Sausallto Ferry.) :
Leave San Francisco, ■• commencing ■ May 1
1898: -.■■--,., <.- ■: ■ •-• .••-.. . .. ■•.,.* .7.'
• Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 and 5:15 p m ■
Sundays— B:oo, 9 :0(J, 10:00,; 11:30 a. m., 1:45 and
2:80 p. m. <:•■•;■...; ■•' ••■■ -■■ ' ... -. ,
Round trip from Mill Valley, $1. " ..
- THOB. COOK 'A SON, Agents, 611, Market
street, San Francisco. :■. - ■-.- -■■
AUCTION SALES.
IMPORTANT PUBLIC NOTICE.
Great Auction Sale
BY CATALOGUE. OF
VALUABLE BOOKS.
GEO. F. LAMSON, Auctioneer.
The Immense Library of the Inde-
pendent Order of Odd Fellows, to
Be Sold at Auction by Order of
• the Board of Trustees of the Li-
brary Association of the 1.0.0. F.
I WILL" SELL
At public auction '. the Association Rooms,
cor. Market and Seventh st 3., their entire mag-
nificent library, "comprising upward of 15,000
! volumes . standard works, embracing every
' branch of literature, science, art, history, bi-
ography, belles lettres, travel, poetry, ro-
mance, valuable illustrated books, bound Jour-
nals and magazines, London Art Journal from
1849 to ISS2, San Francisco Bulletin from first
issue in 1855 to ISB4, complete : * of San Fran-
i Cisco directories, set Gentlemen's Magazine
(London) from 1731 to ISS2; description of Egypt
in French, published by Tder Napoleon, 25
volumes text, 11 volumes plates; Russell
Scott's Naval Architecture, S volumes, all
the Kreaf variety of rare books contained la
this valuable collection.
SALE WILL COMMENCE
THIS DAY.
MONDAY, JUNE 27th INST.,
At 2 o'clock p. m. and at 7:30 p. m..
To continue daily at the same hour and place
until the entire library is disposed of.
Catalogues can be obtained at the Associa-
tion rooms, corner Market and Seventh sts.,
Friday. June 24. from 9 a. m. till 4 p. m.
GEORGE F. LAMSON. Auctioneer.
SPECIAL AUCTION SALES •
GRAND ARCADE HORSE MARKET,
327 SIXTH STREET,
WEDNESDAY June 29, 1898
At 11 a. m.
By order of the Park Commissioners we will
sell a lot of Horses, and also at the same time
and place Buggies, Wagons. Carts, Harness,
etc. SULLIVAN & DOYLE,
Live Stock Auctioneers.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
••UTIIKR.II I* A CIVIC COMPANY.
(PACirio HYirrsM.)
TralMa leave unit »r« <lv« (• nrrlT* ••
NAN rittNCIIM-O.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street.) '
tBATB — From June 1. 1898. — a»jut»
GrO©A Nilee. San Jose and Way Stations... •*=*;**
7:00 a. Benicia, Suitmn and Sacramento.... I©:4»*
7 iOO a MarynYllle, Orovllle and Redding »i»
Woodland S ! 2» p
7jooa VacaTllle and Eumsey Bi4sf
7:»Oa Martinez, San Ramon. Vallejo. Nap*. -■'■*_
Callntoga and Santa Rosa • l .5*
■SiOOa Atlantic Kxpress. Ogrten and Kyt.. *t*3*
Bi»OaMlp\ San Jose, Htitckton, lone,
Sacramento, Mnrjnfille, Chico,
:; ;- . Tehamaandlleaillnß .i'!5 p
«8:SOa Peters, Milton. Otkdale *ttlSe
•iO«A New Orleans Kiprena, Merced. Fres-
no, UakerslJeia, .Santa lUrliara.
I«s Aiig«lf«, Derainf, Xl Paso, ;
New Orleans and East «i4»r
1 0:00 a VaUeJo. Martinez and Way Station* ,''*s»
•l:OOr Sacramento Hirer SWumers !9:?! 9: ?? p
. San Jose, Niles and Way Stations... J»:l»4.
tiMr LWermore, Men dote. Hanford and
VUalia. ■ «'» B *
LlTi/rmore, Sen Jose, Nile* aud Way
Stations US 1 !?*
Fresno, Yosemite, Meroed, Mftrttnei ISilSr
4toor Martinez, Han Ramon, Vallejo, -
Napa, Oalistoga, 151 Verano and
Hanta Uosa »il»*
4toor Benlcia, VacaTllle. Woodland.
• .'- . Knights Landing, MsrjfSTllle, Oro- ■ _
' Title and Sacramento I £ :4 "*
4>Bor Nlles, San Jose, Trs.cy and Stockton .. 7tlOr
. 4<Bop Stockton, Lodi, Oakdale (James- .j
town for Yo«einite), Merced.. lwlBF
4j3Oi> Lathrop, Modesto, Merced, Berenda
(Raymond for Yo»emlte), Fresno, *
■' Mcijave. Santa Barbara and I.OS
;■ 5 Augeles. 7«4»A
4iSop SauU Fo Route. Atlantlo RiprMS *
forMojaie ami Kast...; «|4«»
•iOOt» Kiiropeau Mail. Of den and ICask.... 9>45a
•OjOOp Vallejo... l«il»P
- 6:oOrH*jwariU. Nil« sand San, Toss 7:43*.
J7:OOp Vallejo. Port Costa and Way 8U-
Uons J»rt»»
' SiOOp Oregou ]Ci]>rFißs, Sacramento, Marys-
Tllle. lJo«l.litig, Portland, I'nget '
Sound and Krnit gil»4
SAN LKA.MdCO A.M> IUVWAUUS I.UCAIj.
(Foot of Market Street.)
1 JHelrooe, Seminary Park, f 7:15 a
8:00 a FHchbHrir, Klmliarnt, *!2 ! i2f
»'»«* San 1,f«H«1r0,50..11. 8»« '° «St
iVlTot Leandro.Kst.dlllo, \l\\H
112:00 m ' Lorenzo, Cherry < ; hh S 45p
i3:OOp »nd J«:ISp
S:00p lUjnnriU. M>4Sp
7:00p < Runs through to Nilos. Tt4Bp
; t From Niles. I
COAST DIVISION (Narrow flange).
. (Foot of Market Street.) '
17:45 a Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Cms
and Principal Way Stations JBiO3r
8:15 a Newark. Oenterrllle, San Joee, Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way ,
Stations »•»•*
*Sllsp Newark, CenterTille. San Jon, Wow
Almaden, Felton, Boclder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations •l«i»«»
4:lSp San Jose, Glenwood ft Way Stations . 9:90 a.
c4ilsp Boulder Creek and Santa Cn»g JU;BOa '
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrmSH mKCISC3m KC1SC3— fwt or M.rket Street (Slit I)—
•7:15 0:00 11:00 a.m. tl:03 *2:00 tl:09
•4:00 tE:OO •6:00 p.m.
rr«m OillilS— Pool of Brotilwtj.— 'B:oo 8:00 10:001.11.
tU:00 •1:00 JS:OO '3:00 t«:DO *B:OQr.M.
, COAST VISION (Broad tiange). "
fThlrd and To\f nsend SU.)
•7>ooa San Jose nn<l Way Stations (New "
Almaucti Wednesdays only) litOp
t7i3*A Sunday Excursion for Ban Jose.
Santa . Onus, Pacifio Grore and
i-.y<L Priodnal Way Station* {SiMv
»:OO* sail .lose, Tres Pino*. Maiita Orns, . .
l'acilio Grove, Paso Roblei, San
1 ,ii is Ohltpo, Gnadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4ilOr
10:40 a Sail .lose mid Way Station! *M:OOa
I1:3Oa San Jose and Way Stations *BiW*
•3:4 5 1- San Mateo. Redwood. Menlo Park, .
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, Hun Jose,
Gilroy. HoUUter, Santa Urns,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacific
(Jrore... 4... •!•!»• A
•li:«Or San Jose and Way Stations ;.... *9:«*A
•4:1. 1f San Jose and Prinoipal War Stations 9:45 A
: *sioop Sac Jose and Principal Way Station! 6:33 a
B:HOr Sau Jose and Principal Way BtatioM e» 5:30r
•:3«lr San Jose and Way Stations v 7:8«*
flli4Sp San Jose aiid Way Btatlons T»30l»
■ A (or Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted. t Sundays only. 1 Saturdays oulj
I Sundays and Mondays. a Saturdays and Sundays.
Santa Fe Route
THB BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
Every Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Car*
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars
- Run on the Following Time :
Leave Ban Francisco. 4:3o p. m.. S.M.T.W.T.F.B.
Arrive Denver. .....'.. 5:00 p. m., W.T.F.g.S.M.T.
Arrive Kansas City.. 7:oo a. m., T.F.'S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive St. Louis.. 6:15 p. m., T.F.8.8.M.T.W.
Arrive Chicago .!.... .9:00 p. m., T.F.B.S.M.T.W,
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Serve Superior Meals at Very Reason-
able Rates.
yOU WILL BE COMFORTABLE
If You Travel on the Santa Po.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE— B44 MARKET SI
Chronicle Building. Telephone Mala 1620.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Saoramento . Offioe- 2 31 J Street.
San Job e Offico— 7 Santa 01ar» St.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
:. Via Sausalito Ferry,
From San Francisco, commencing. May L 1888. "
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »8:00.
•9:80, 11:00 a. m.; «1:45, 3:20. 4:00, 1:15, »6:00
6:30 p. , m. -
■ Extra trips for San Rafael on '. Mondays,
W"lnesdays, Saturday* and Sundays at 11:30
p. "m. ■ * ■ ' : :
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— •9-00 l
•10:00, 11:00, 11:30 a. m.; 1:00, »1:45, *2:30,-«t:o£
5:30. 8:45 p. m. • TV.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael.
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Valley.
- Trains marked * run to San Quen tin.
::r.^.v. THROUGH TRAINS. •
7:06 a. m. -week Cazadero and way sta'nn
8:20 p. m." — Cazadero and way sta'ns"
6:16 p. m. week; days (Sat. ex.)— Tomales and
. way stations. v, - ' .;;- ... ,- .
8:00 a. m. Sundays— and way stations.
1:45 d. m. Sunday a— Point Reyes and way sttvna.
- '■ - ■■'■\-:\ - ■ .' /•: .- ■
78
YACHTS IN A PIPING BREEZE.
Ihe ,4501 us With Shortened Sail Led the
San Francisco's Fleet Around the Course.
There was a piping breeze off the Sausalito shore yesterday when the pre
paratory signal pun was fired at the San Francisco Yacht Club house at 12:50 p.
m. At 1 p. m. the yachts of Clara i were signaled to start, but there was only
one entry in the doss, G. B. Edgar's sloop Sapho, which crossed the starting
line 8 minutes and 28 seconds after 1 o'clock. At 1:10 p. m. the signal gun for
yachts of Class " was fired, and nearly three minutes afterward A. D. Naylor's
sloop Twilight .rossci ;h.- line. E. N. Walter's sloop Embla and Frank Bartlett's
Jueen, though entered in this class, did not start. Just before the strating
gun at 1:20 p. m., tor yachts .it" (".ass .'!. Ooniniodore Dr. T. L. Hill's sloop Cygnus
carried away her jib halyard and failed to cross the starting line; however, she
und t lie course. Nine seconds after the starting pun Commodore
Carl Westerfeld'a Aeolus crossed the line, followed by A. Sutherland's sloop
Catherine. Aeolus came in first, making the best time over the course and fin
ishing ahead of all boats in the rirst three classes. Her time for the two rounds
was 2 hours 0 minutes and 42 seconds.
In Class -i there wore eight entries, but only five crossed the line. J. A. Breitz
mann's sloop Cupid winning the class flag and G. turn gilden's sloop Regina the set
of charts presented by Measurer J. M. Punnetfe Five of the mosquito fleet started,
these Myth broke her bowsprit and Doris did not finish. The class flag
was won by Dean Brothers' sloop Weewun and the second prize by F. B. Lang-
Btroth's yawl Cochrane.
T!" course was as follows: Starting from a line drawn between a stakeboat
moorings of the yawl Frolic and a buoy 100 yards to the west, thence to a
s-;;ik- -1-iat off Angel Island, leaving stakeboat on the starboard hand, thence to
►und Shag Ruck, thence to leeward of the green buoy, and back to start
ing line. Yachts of the fourth-class and the mosquito went round the course
achts of Classes 1. 2 and 3 twice. Vice-Commodore G. T. S. White's Will
o" the Wisp was the Angel Island stakeboat. The full results of the regatta are
given below:
Owner and Yacht.
Starting
Time.
H. M. S.
First i
Round. I
!l. M. S.
Time.
11. M. S.
Class I—
G. B. Edgar's sloop Sappho
Class II-
A. D. Naylor's sloop Twilight
Class 111- |
T. L. Hill's sloop ''y^nus
C. Westerfeld's sloop Aeolus
A. Sutherland's sloop Catherine
IV
R. R. lHimmedlPu's sloop Phoenicia
G. turn mien's sloop Keprfna !
P. W. Hurntlall's sloop Merope
J. A. Br»-ltzmann's sloop Cupid
A. M. Clay's sloop Sea Fox
Mosquito Fleet-
Jules Hartman's sloop Topsy
A. Pace's sloop Doris ■.
Allen & Harrison's sloop Myth
Frank I-»ineFtroth's yawl Cochrane
Dean Brothers^ sloop Weewun |
S. F. T. C.
S. F. Y. C.
S. F. Y. C.
Cor. Y. C.
S. F. Y. C.
Cal. Y. C.
CaK Y. c.
Cor. Y. C.
Cor. Y. C.
Cal. Y. C.
l:0S:28
1:12:55
1:20:09
1:20:31
*•
1:32:14
1 52:50
1:81:29
1:31 :4T
2:23:52
j 2:20:00
I
B:18:S2
2:29:01
3:32:16
3:31:29
3:J9:5i
3:36:44
2:55:57
2:54:35
2:56:»1
2:4L':IS
.......
Cal. Y. C.
Cor. Y. C.
Cal. "V. C.
1:40:59
1:40:22
1:41:8
1:41:44
1:41:11
•••
*»•
4:29:50
4:26:02
•••••,•,•
• Did not cross starting line. •• Not taken. ••• Did not finish.
STATE TROOPS
DECIMATED
Small Remnant of the
Old Guard Left.
3RDER FOR PARADE JULY 4
FUTURE OF THE ARMED FORCE
OF CALIFORNIA.
Captain D. A. Smith, After a Disap
pointment, Obtains a Commis
sion in the New Volun
teer Regiment.
The National Guard of the State of
California is now but a very small rep
resentation of what it was before the
Drenking out of the war with Spain. The
Irawing from it of the companies of the
First Infantry, a portion of the Seoond,
Fifth and Sixth Infantry and the entire
Seventh Infantry, together with part of
;he Naval Militia, has decimated its
ranks so that now there remains very
lew men who can claim the name of Na
.lonal Guardsmen. One of the officers at
jivision headquarters said a few days
llnce, in talking of the guard: "A man
Rrho belongs to the armed force of the
Btate of California at this time should
feel proud. There are plenty of volun
teers, but there are only a few of the old
fuard. '
In San Francisco there remains but
Troop A, Cavalry, the greater portion ot
the Signal Corps of the Second Brigade,
j. portion of the Naval Militia and the
Lowell High School Cadets.
Throughout the State, outside of San
Francisco, there are two companies 01
the Second Infantry, two companies of
the Fifth Infantry and one of the Sixth
Infantry, part of the Slernal f'nrps of the
First Brigade at Sacramento, part of the
Third Sipnal <'<>n>s located at Los An
reles, Troop B at Sacramento, Troop C at
Salinas and part of the Naval Militia at
Ban Diego, Santa Cruz and at Eureka.
ORDERS TO PARADE.
The following was issued from division
nvnlquarters on Saturday:
Pursuant to orders from superior headquar
ters, dated Sacramento, June 24, 1808, the Na
tional Guard of the State of California will
jarade In their respective localities on Mnn
lay. July 4 I&9S. in celebration of the one
nundred and twenty-second anniversary of
American Independence.
Parade reports of the respective commands.
»o parading, will be forwarded to division
jeadquarterß, in duplicate, not later than
ruly 15.
FUTURE OF THE GUARD.
The future of the National Guard of
this State Is still problematic and will
remain so for some time to come, as it Is
probable that no action will be taken
until after the mustering in of the new
regiment of volunteers from the guard.
One of the most serious obstacles at this
time in the matter of reorganization Is
the lack of material with which to equip
organizations if it were decided to re-es
tablish all or some of the regiments.
Each of the regiments and battalions
that have been mustered in have taken
with them the property of the State, for
which the United States Government has
given due credit, and it leaves the State
without arms or uniforms. And then
there is no fund upon which to draw,
with which to re-habilitate the skeleton
regiments which remain. It is thought
that the whole matter will rest in abey
ance until the meeting of the next Legis
lature when steps will then be taken to
have an almost entirely new guard. At
I >f vision Headquarters applications are
still coming in from individuals who are
anxious to become part of the armed
force of the State. There are enough of
these applications on hand now to fill
nearly all the vacancies in the rank and
file but the applicants will have to wait
for' some ttme until it is determined what
will ultimately bo done with them.
PERSONAL NOTES.
Captain D. A. Smith, for a number of
years regimental adjutant of the Fifth
Regiment Infantry, after waiting a long
time for a commission and having met
with one disappointment, has bad his
ambition satisfied at !nst. At the time
the First California Volunteers were in
camp at the Presidio it was understood
that the First Regiment of the National
Guard would be accepted as it was of
ficered. When it went into, camp com
missions were issued to all officers except
two. One of these was inspector of rifle
practice, but some time before the regl
ment received orders to form part of the
first expedition to Manila. Captain Smith
was named to fill that vacancy and his
name was forwarded to Washington Be
fore many hours passed a telegram came
from the War Department directing that
the nomination be "hung up," which was
equal to an announcement that the com
mission would not be issued. Now the
captain has been selected to retain, in the
new formation of volunteers, the position
of regimental adjutant, which he oc
cupied in the Fifth Infantry. On Satur
day he donned his uniform and entered
at once upon the discharge of his duties
The appointment of Sergeant Major
Honlgsberger and Sergeant Major F. E
Hawley have, by general orders No. 4,
been revoked.
THE NAVAL MILITIA.
Last Friday a detachment of twenty
men under command of Lieutenant Gunn
went to Mare Island to renort for duty
on one of the scouting tugs, and a de
tachment under command of Lieutenant
Shaw will report from San Diego at the
same point. Captain Turner, command
ing the militia, is arranging still another de
tachment, which will report at the island.
There are a great many men in the
militia who are much disappointed at the
turn matters have taken in that organi
zation, and they are not slow In declaring
that they have been slighted. It scorns
at this time as If a number of officers
will take steps to sever their connection
with the organization, and quite a num
ber of the f -nlist<vl men have volunteered
In the infantry and artillery In the hope
that they will be sent to the front
John T. McMillan, for many years con
nected with the hydrographlc branch of
fice in the Merchants" Exchange and for
several months instructor of navigation
to the officers of the naval militia, is now
absent from his post, having been or
dered by the- Navy Depnrtment to report
at Mare Tsland for active duty, with rank
of lieutenant, junior grade
The Marion Is still at her berth in
charge of a corporal's guard, but at this
time there Is but little activity on board
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS
E. H. Latree and wife are guests at the
Palace.
William Hood of Sacramento is at the
Baldwin.
E. D. Barlow of New York is at the
California
J. A. Porter of Denver, Col., Is staying
at the Palace.
H. E. Darn of Los Angeles Is stopping
at the California.
W. A. Ryan from Los Angeles is reg
istered at the Baldwin.
G. F. Downing. Salt Lake City, is reg
istered at the Occidental.
W. IT. Sheaman of Salt Lake City is
registered at the Occidental.
Paul A. Barry of Fort Riley, Kan., is
registered at the Occidental.
T. H. Williams and wife, from Denver,
Col., are guests at the Occidental.
M. Hockheimer, the Republican poli
tician of Willows, is stopping at the
Baldwin.
C. H. White of Los Angeles, and wife,
ore at the Baldwin. Mr. White is a prom
inent railroad man.
Mr. and Mrs. John Ena, with their son
and daughter, are on a visit to the city
from Honolulu and are staying at the
California.
LAW OR CUSTOM.
Test Case to Be Made in the Arrest of
M. Reznik, a Butcher.
M. Reznik, who has a butcher shop at
105 C Howard street, was arrested yester
day by Meat Inspector Davis and Police
man Butterworth and booked at the city
prison on a charge of violating one of the
Board of H.-alth ordinances.
Reznik is a killer for Kosher meat and
he is charged with killing a calf only
eight days old. The ordinance makes it
a misdemeanor to kill a calf less than
four weeks old. Reznik was following
the Jewish custom and the Meat Inspec
tor says that the arrest has been made to
test the question as to whether law or
custom will predominate here.
Celebrate the Fourth with California
fireworks. Buy direct from makers. Cal
ifornia Fireworks Co.. 219 Front st. •
Five hundred and seventy Rhine ves
sels, with 319.526 tons of freight, came to
Strassberg In 1897
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 27, 1898.
STRANGE
DEATH OF
GEO. READ
Drank Some Steam
Beer and Died.
TWO COMPANIONS SUFFER
NO SOLUTION OF THE MYSTERY
YET OBTAINED.
Dr. Fitzgibbon Says the Symptoms
Indicated Poisoning — Barkeeper
M. W. Morgan in the Tanks
Awaiting Developments.
A panic may be expected along the va
rious steam beer routes of the city to-day
by reason of the strange experience of
three men who indulged freely in the
amber beverage, with the result that one
of them died a rather sudden and violent
death. The other two. Victor Bergdahl
and E. C. Pearce, were very ill for sev
eral hours. The facts of tae fatal affair
make it a strange one, and the actual
cause of Read's death will probably not
be known until an analysis of his stomach
has been made.
Read left his home at 1531 Howard
street after dinner on Saturday evening
and in company with his two friends went
down town, where he purchased some
clothing and the three then went to the
Young Men's Christian Association build-
Ing about 8:30 o'clock and took a swim,
remaining in the tank an hour, actively
exercising.
On leaving the place the men leisurely
walked homeward. Pearce says they did
not stop on the way either to drink or eat
until they arrived at the New York
Saloon on the northeast corner of How
nrd and Eleventh streets. They entered
and began shaking dice for beer. After
imbibing seven or eight glasses Read was
taken with sudden nausea. Bergdahl and
Pearce were soon attacked in the same
manner, and the trio finally started for
their homes, which are in that section of
thf> city. They were deathly sick and
made slow progress, but managed to
reach Read's residence, where they sat
down on the steps, hoping to gradually re
cover. The illness continued and the un
fortunate young man at last left his com
panions and went upstairs, saying he
must go to bed. His mother met him
when Be came in and remarked upon his
being out so late. He acknowledged the
fact and retired after taking some pills
calculated to settle his stomach.
Later in the night his parents were
aroused by in the young man's
room and* found him unconscious and
apparently in great distress. In less than
an hour the unfortunate man died with
out regaining consciousness.
Pearce accompanied Bergdahl to his
home at 17i! Thirteenth street, and suc
ceeded in dragging himself to his own
aljode, where he was again attacked with
severe nausea. About 3 o'clock he was
notified of Read's death, and after call
ing at the house of the deceased went to
the Receiving Hospital for treatment. He
was a very sick man for a number of
hours, but was able to go home later In
the day, after making a statement of
facts to the police. Bergdahl also went
tn the hospital for treatment and told the
Fame story.
M. W. Morgan, the barkeeper who
served tin 2 b^er. was arrested and identi
fied by Pearce and Bergdahl, after which
he was placed in the tanks.
Morgan says he knows nothing of th«
queer case except that he drew several
rounds of beer for the men. drank some
himself, and served it to others. A sam
ple of the beer was taken for analysis.
Notwithstanding the suspicious circum
stances, the assistant barkeeper. J. P.
Enright, was drinking be^r from the
same keg yesterday afternoon to con
vince customers and" others that there was
no poison in It.
John Read, father of the deceased says
he was not addicted to drink, was a man
of exemplary habits and excellent healtn.
He could offer no explanation of the
mystery, but thought his son's death
might have been caused by the buTStlnn
of a blood vessel through violent exercise
In the bath. Read was 22 years old and
had been employed from boyhood in Gar
ratt's foundry as a molder.
For some unexplained reason Bergdahj
gave the fictitious name of "Henry Wli-
Bon," and deceived the police as to inn
residence. He is an employe of the Aux
iliary Fire Alarm Company. Pearce is
employed by the Pacific Can Company.
Dr. Fitzgfbbon. of the Receiving Hos
pital, who attended the two men, says
the symptoms indicated poison, but of
what nature could not be determined until
an analysis of the beer and the stomach
of Read had been made.
WILL LECTURE IN
HUMANITY'S NAME
SERIES TO BE GIVEN BY THE
RED CROSS SOCIETY.
Rev. William Rader Speaks on the
Subject of "Women and Their
Influence on War."
Under the direction of Mrs. Wendell
Enpton, chairman of the Nurses' Com
mittee of the Red Cross Society, a series
of Important and practical lectures is be
ing arranged for the purpose of instruc
tion in practical work In the field. The
lending physicians of San Francisco are
co-operating fully in the work and will
aid the movement in every, way.
Dr. R. Beverly Cole, the oldest member
of the International Red Cross Society
on the Coast, has been of special aid to
the ladies In organizing this extensive
plan and through his efforts the courte
sies of the different medical institutions
of the city will be tendered to the society,
among them the medical department of
the University of California, the Cooper
Medical College, City Receiving Hospital
and the personal pervlce and time of
many of the physicians.
Applications for the course should be
sent at once to Mrs. Wendell Easton,
chairman of the Committee of Nurses,
Red Cross Society, Spreckels building.
General Merritt and the medical de
partment of the Manila expedition fully
indorse the movement, realizing the im
portance of the work in preparing a
strong corps of skilled nurses for the
emergencies which will arise at Manila,
as in addition to the results of actual war
fare will be the ravages of disease from
the transfer of thousands of our troops
to a tropical climate.
An interesting and Instructive lecture
was delivered to the ladies of the Red
Cross Society last evening by Rev. Wil
liam Rader at the Third Congregational
church. In the course of his remarks on
woman's influence in times of war, the
speaker said:
"There are several distinct types of wo
men. First, the women we can only speak
of in shame — the vultures of the war.
These women, who are lost, a shame to
their sex and a blast of calumny to their
country, do more harm in time of wir
than the deadly shot and shell. The sen
timentalist without sense Is another class
which the soldier laughs at, yet craves
sympathy, and another is the woman
who does earnest religious work in camp
without regarding the soldiers as pagans.
The last and best Is the self-sacrificing,
devoted mother."
Found Dead in Bed.
J. T. Taylor, a telegraph operator, was
found dead in his bed at 501 Post street
yesterday morning. Consumption was the
cause of his death. The body was re
moved to the Morgue.
The body of a man named Corcoran was
found dead in bed in the Linden House
at the corner of Howard and Sixth
streets yesterday morning; The Coroner
was notified and removed the body to the
Morgue. Nothing is known of the cause
of his death. An autopsy will be held.
SHORT ENDERS
MADE HAPPY
A Lively Day in Betting
at Union Park.
TALENT BADLY BEWILDERED
THORNHILL CLEVERLY LANDS
THE ALL-AGE STAKE,
Wait a Little Takes the Puppy
Stake From Liberty
Bell — Coursing Ht
lug-leside-
Shortenders came away from Union
Park yesterday with satisfied grins and
pockets bulging out with lucre won by
wisely accepting attractive odds. On the
other hand the "Talent" still showed the
same signs of bewilderment that they
wore during the whole afternoon. Never
before did so many long shots land and
never before was there such uncertainty
as during the running off of the two
stakes. Money flowed in and out of the
six betting stands like water from a
sieve. Everyone wanted to bet and only
succeeded after forcing himself to the
front.
Although a biting cold day the popular
park was crowded with followers of the
popular sport. The odds offered during
the day were large and inviting. When
Rosette went out she was a 16 to 1 favor
ite over Jesse Moore and the "Bookies"
Dearly had heart disease when the short
ender set the pace for her more speedy
rival and began to turn the hare
In all directions. Rosette, however,
.showed her mettle by jumping to the
front and scored enough points to land
the flag. Theron also had a narrow escape.
She was an 8 to 1 favorite over Tessie
Fair and only managed to win out by a
narrow margin. False Flatterer whs
picked as the winner of the all-age stake
and might have landed it but for the lung
courses .she experienced. She received
her setback in the semi-final round.
Thornhill was fresh and strong and did
the trick after a grueling course.
The decision of Judge Bull was ques
tioned by many when he gave False Flat
terer a victory over Bendalong. The lat
ter dog showed improved form and gave
the English dog a hard rub. It looked
very much like Bendalong's race, as he
set the pace and did most of the work.
False Flatterer's fast finish may have
decided the judge in his favor.
Commodore and Thornhill competed in
the final round of the stake and the bet
ting favored the former dog, owing to the
easy courses she ran. Thornhill, how- !
ever, downed her In a long run and landed i
the purse.
In the puppy stake Wait a Little and i
Liberty Bell keeled over every dog they i
met and competed in the final." A speedy
hare was let louse and both does tore
after it in full tilt. First one led then
the other, making a grand race. The
prey was quickly overtaken and began to !
turn in an effort to escape with Wait a I
Little close up. She held the lead un- I
til the hare was killed and won the stake.
Following is the way the dogs ran:
Puppy Stake, second round— Bartel Bros.'
Mac's Melody boat T. E. Lovelady's Meta;
John Eagan's Billy Gladstone beat J. A. Wat- i
son's Miss Skyrocket; James O'Brien's Ad
miral Dewey a bye; G. Sherman's Walt a Lit- i
tie beat B. & B. Kennel's Beauty Spot; E. V.
Sullivan"! Sunburst beat H. R. Baldwin's
Brutus; G. H. Burfelnd's Royal Prize beat B.
Dougherty's Heather Dell; E. V. Sullivan's
Flyaway boat C. L. Willett's Jersey Lily;
Larkey & Rock's Liberty Bell beat Pasha Ken
nel's Rich and Artless.
Third round— Mac's Melody beat Billy Glad
stone: Wait a Little beat Admiral Dewey; Sun
burst beat Royal Prize, Liberty Bell beat Fly
away.
Fourth riund— Walt a Little beat Mac's Mel
ody; Liberty Bell beat Sunburst.
Final— Wait a Little bc-at Liberty Bell.
All-Ape Stake, second round— D. Hooper's
Koolawn beat T. J. cc r onln's Mag-net; T. J.
Cronln's Thornhill beat S. E. Pnrtal's Our
B.y; D. .7. Healty'fl Rusty Gold beat Al.
Henley's Douglas; F. Jones' Do Me beat F.
Moran's A'an Kirk; F. Murphy's Gilt Edge
bent Curtis &- Son's Miller's Mnid: E. V. Sulli
van's False Flatterer bent Larkey &. Rock's
Myrtle; George Whitney's Theron beat B.
Dougherty's Tessie Fair; D. Hooper's Hend
along beat Pembroke Kennel's Terrona; Pasha
Kennel's Metallic beat E. V. Sullivan's Right
Bower: Curtis & Son's Rosette beat E. V.
Sullivan's Jesse Moore; Al. Austin's Glenstone !
beat J. J. 'Warren's Sweet Lips; E. S'-otr"s
Lord Byron beat Pierce & Sullivan's Jessie
Maid; Curtis * Son's Commodore heat S. E.
Portal's Lightning: R. B. Kay's Sylvia beat
A. Harder's Rey Alfonso.
Third round— Thornhill beat Koolawn; Rusty
Cold beat Do Me; False Flatterer beat Gilt
Edge: Bendalone heat Theron: Rosette beat
Metallic; Glenstone beat Lord Byron; Commo
dore beat Sylvia.
Fourth round— ThornhHl beat Rusty Gold: j
False Flatterer beat Bendalong; Commodore
a bye.
Fifth round— Thnrnh lll beat False Flatterer;
Commodore beat Glenstone.
Final— Thornhill beat Commodore.
INGLESIDE COURSING.
Fast Hares, Fleet Hcunds and
Few Surprises.
The sport of the hounds and hares drew
an exceptionally large crowd to Ingleside
yesterday. The hares moved with the de
termination to escape the jaws of their
fleet pursuers and some very fast races
resulted with complete satisfaction to the
leashmen. The favorites received some
few dumpings and the short enders
howled with delight when Trink at 1 to 5
measured the abilities of Sportsman and
carried off the victory. Sir John Arnott,
at 1 to 3. laid low Oranuel in a close race.
Old Glory, at the same odds, won an easy
race from Rosle R.
The all a^ed stake resulted as follows: Deok
leman & Panario's Old Glory beat E. \V. Duf
fy's B. B. ; F. Black'? Occidental won a bye;
T. J. Mclnerney's Rosle R beat J. Shea's
Flrenzi; Alfred Halfih's Hadlwlst beat J. Shee
han's 1.-atts o' Opwrte; James MoCormlck's
White Lily beat James Byrne's Mohawk: Kay
& Trant's Crosspatch beat J. L. Sears' Beauty;
W. T. Sullivan's Trlnk bout H. McNeil's
Sportsman; J. Dean's Gladiator beat D. Ko
her's Bell of Moscow; C. F. Brown's Rosalie
beat D. Shannon's Swinnerton: T. J. Mclner
ney's Johnny R be:it Lowe & Thompson's Hi^n
Born Lady; T. A. Gnffney's Sir John Arnott
beat Connell Bros.' Senorlta; Dillon & R«il
ly's Granuale beat P. Keren's Martha Wash- j
lnerton; Kay & Trant's Diana beat Kay &
Trnnt's Masterpiece; Lowe & Thompson's
Victor boat W. H. O'Nell's Promise Itfe: C.
Strehl's Skylark beat J. McCormlck's Rnpid.
Second ties— Old Glory beat Occidental;
Roste R. heat Had! wist; Crosspatch beat Wnite
Lily; Gladiator beat Trlnk; Johhny R beat
Rosalie; Sir Jolin Arnott beat Granuale; Diana
beat Victor; Skylark lost a bye to Star Pointer.
Third »jes— Old Glory beat Rosle R; Gladia
tor beat Crosspatch; Johnny R beat Sir John
Arnott; Diana beat Skylark.
Fourth ties— Old Glory beat Gladiator; John
ny R beat Diana.
Final— Johnny R beat Old Glory.
Sapling stake — Deckleman & Panario's Prince
Georpe beat J. Murnane's Black Bess; T. Hall'B
Miss Skyball beat W. Perry's Campania;
Lynch & Maher's Lottie M. beat J. Murnane's
Flashing Lass; J. Rooney's Lassie Hayes won
a bye.
Second ties— Miss Skyball beat Prince George;
Lottie M beat lassie Hayes.
Final— Lottie M beat Miss Skyball.
CROWDS CHEER THE DOGS.
Coursing Becoming More Pop-
ular Each Week at
Los Angeles.
L.OS ANGELES, June 26. — There was
the largest crowd out to the coursing at
Agricultural Park to-day that has been
there since the sport was inaugurated.
Sirice Colonel Black has resumed the
management the crowds grow larger each
week. There was a twenty-four dog
stake, with a consolation purse for the
twelve dogs beaten in the run down.
In the first run offs Ghost beat 0 S; Sir
Jasper beat Tiger; John Mitchell beat
Clover Leaf a bye; Van Bnille beat Don Or
slni; Oriental. beat Juanlta; Grazer beat Kitty
Scott; Stella beat Sir Walter Scott; Olympla
beat Shamrock Lass; ABC Leat Turk; Her
cules beat Fleetfoot; Beau Brummel beat Blue
Bird; Fair Rosaline beat Shamrock.
In the run offs consolation U S beat Tiger;
Don Orslnl beat Cyclone; Juanita br-at Kitty
Scott after a tie; Sir Walter Scott beat Sham
rock Lass; Fleetfoot beat Turk; Blue Bird
beat Shamrock.
In the first ties Bir Jasper beat The Ghost;
Van Brulle beat John Mitchell; Grater beat
Oriental; Stella, beat Olympla; ABC beat
Hercules; Beau Brummel beat Fair Rosaline.
In the second ties Sir Jasper beat Van
Brulle; Grazer beat Stella; ABC beat Beau
Brummel.
In the first ties consolation Don Orsini beat
U S ; Sir Walter Scott beat Juanita; Fleetfoot
beat Blue Bird after a tie.
In the third ties Sir Jasper beat Grazer; A
B C beat Romeo a bye.
In the second ties consolation Sir Walter
Scott beat Don Orslnl; Fleetfoot beat Juanlta
a bye.
In the finals ABC beat Sir Jasper, with Sir
Jasper second. Grazer third, the rest divided.
In the finals consolation Sir Walter Srott
beat Fleetfoot, with Fleetfoot second, Don Or
slnl third.
CRICKET AT GOLDEN GATE.
The Bachelors Roll "Up an Over-
whelming Score in Their Match
Against the Benedicts.
In the cricket match Married vs. Single,
at Golden Gate yesterday, the bachelors
proved altogether too strong for the
Benedicts. The married men were two
players short, and weak in bowling. A.
Dickinson, the Pacific player, ran up a
score of 90 for the single men, beating
the entire team of married men off h:»
own bat. Not content with this, he bowled
five of the married men's wickets. The
full score is given below:
SIXGE MEN.
R. B. Hogrue st. G. Theobald b. Sewell 7
A. Dickinson c. Sewell b. Wise 90
J. J. Morey c. J. Theobald b. Sewell 16
F. Croll c. Wise, b. Price 22
T. W. G. Wallace c. Musscn b. Sewell 7
J. J. R. Peel b. Wise 6
J. H. Saunders run out 0
F. C. Drlfileld c. Musson b. Sewell 5
V. Seebeck st. G. Theobald b. Sewell 23
B. Bird not out IV
F. Stahl c. and b. Harbour 9
Leg byes 2
Byes 8
One wicket for 23, 2 for 102, 3 for 143, 4 foi
143. Ti for 152, 6 for 163, 7 for 157, S for I«l, 9
for 195.
BOWLING SUMMARY.
Balls. Runs. Maidens, eta. Runs.
Harbour 62 45 2 1 45
Sewell 90 79 0 5 15.8
Banner  36 35 0 0
Price 24 11 0 1 11
Wise 42 32 0 2 16
MARRIED MEN.
G. Theobald b. Dickinson 5
Q. B. Wise b. Dickinson 5
F. Sewe'.l c Seebeck b. Dicklnsjn 22
E. F. Musson b. Drlffleld 10
H. O. T. Gordon c. Seebeck b. Drif field 4
A. Price not out 9
J. J. Theobald c. and b. Dickinson 0
J. H. Harbour run out 16
C. Banner b. Dickinson 2
Byes 8
One wicket for 2. 2 for 9, 3 for 40. 4 for 42, 5
for 04, 6 for 64, 7 for 70.
BOWLING SUMMARY.
Wick- Aye.
Balls. Runs. Maidens, ets. Runs.
Dickinson 79 32 3 5 0.4
Peel 38 2,"> 1
Drif field 42 11 .. 2 6.5
In Ryan's Handball Court.
At Phil Ryan's handball court, 858
Howard street, yesterday the little ball
was kept hopping the entire afternoon.
In this court the champion San Francisco
players congregate every Sunday after
noon to test each others agility.
At the games played there yesterday
the following scores were made:'
D. J. Sheohan and D. .1. Prendergast de
feated E. Mnl/onough and E. Lynch. Score*
21— 16. 14—21. 21—19.
3. P. Kelly and J. Brown defeated A. A.
Tohin and J. M. Kelly. Score: 21—13, 17—21.
21-16.
P. Herrin and IE. J. Stokes defeated J.
Boyle and P. Foley. Score: 21—14, 18—21,
21—20.
D. Rodgers and W. Manlon defeated M. Mr-
Nell and G. McDonald. Score: 21—17, 15—21,
21—14.
J. Condon and A. Antron defeated P. Talo
and T. Leach. Score: 21— 15. IS--21, 21—19.
■A. Pennoyer and P. Kelly defeated W.
Kelly and P. Kutchinson. Score: 21—14, 16—21.
21—20.
H. Dauger and P. Stelner defeated L. Cor
rnine and J. Barber. Score: 21—13, 14—21,
21—15.
A. Hampton and J. Collins defeated J.
White and R. Murphy. Score: 21—15, IS— 2l,
21- 16.
M. J. Kllg-allon and R. Linehan defeated J.
C. NValon and J. Riordan. Score: 21—16.
17—21, 21—10.
No Racing To-Day.
There will be no racing at the Oakland
track to-day. The Pacific Coast Tmtting
Horse Breeders' Association opened a
twelve days' programme of trotting
events on Saturday, but as to-day is to
be nn off day tbo programme will be con
tinued unFil to-morrow.
THE CRYSTAL SWIMMING BATHS.
Physicians recommend the Crystal warm sea
water tub and swimming batha. North Beach.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAXD HOTEL,.
J W Bowen, L. Ang F X Raf?e, Pa
G A White, Va C A Lusty, Pa
W Masterson, Ky W E Lovejoy, Chicago
; W Cronemlller&w, Sar " D HuMy, Arizona
i Mrs Boynton. Oroville J Tibbits, Redding
I II C Hell & w, Sncto Miss LUdale. Tacoma
j 3 Montgomery. St Paul Dr Miner, Fresno
I E McKaln. Merced J Oustaff, Yuba City
R Per.enttc. Cn\ T Jam«» & w. Boston
B F Stone. Modesto \V Williams, U S N
H Pennlngton, Cal W W Patterson Cal
T Moffntt. Cal G Wilhuit & w Stkn
R H Davis. Oakland F Tuwsnn. Vacaville
M J Davis, Cal MJas Clark, S Jose
G B Hanford. NY C 8 Pierce, Fresno
j Mrs Davis &d, N J J C Nourse, Fresno
Mrs A Sprague. Is V \V B Dennett. Fresno
' G A Wiley, Port Costa A Jr.hnson Coquille
i G Mahoney, Oakland W J Flynn, St Louts
T Cromwell. Napa A H Buhne, Eureka
I O Close. Stockton J Madison. Fresno
H W Enrl. Stm-kton C W Gorham, Wash
W Coones, Salinas D Gildmaster&f. Cal
F Mcf.'ormick, lowa G D Plato, Modesto
W J Smith. Courtland D C Donaldson. S F
C J A Barton, U S N iJ T Hnlraan, Ohio
F J Conley, Pa 'H Hefferman. S Diego
PALACE HOTEL.
G P Blair, Ariz G Pchwarzenbach Jr
Mrs Q P Blair. Ariz Baltimore
W S Taytor, I^ivermore W J MrCurdy, N V
j J Abrahrtmson, Oaklnd G W Peltier," Sacto
| G Llppman. Pa Mrs G W Peltier, Sacto
<; M IMxon, Saoto Mr? Crooks, Sarto
; W M Gait. USN Miss Crooks, Snrto
! J C Platt, NY E Rosenberg, London
W P Black. NY P J Clrkel. ChicaßO
Mrs W P Black, N T Mr Krauss, Germany
: Mrs C C Wallace, Nev M Grundelfus, Germny
! G H Evans, Colo Mrs W F White, Chgo
i J A Porter, Colo C W Steams, Ohio
r, Moreau. Colo Mrs C W Steams. Ohio
> Mrs G Moreau. Colo A L Lovlnsky, Stktn
E II Uihee &- w, fnRO .1 W Clark, lowa
! Miss Quick, ChicaKO |J T Hume. lowa
; Miss L Clnwson, Chgo, Mrs .1 Minturn Cal
Miss A Clawscn, Che:o I.T W Minturn, Cal
BALDWIN HOTEL.
M E Harris, Oakland |W Hood, Sacto
• A M Bobb, It Costa |W H Mart;:-., ('al
iJ F Chambers, Minn jMrs W C Gates. Tallac
I C N Clark, Minn IJ S Herman, Fresno
i I Danrnge, Term |S L Look, N V
! E C Blackburn. Term W P Hussey, Ind
E M O'Brien. Chicago M Hochhelmer. Cal
! H M Platt. Chicago C H White & w, Cal
; R W McKern. Sacto J C Truax, Chicago
IF D Porter, Chicago C Vincent &w, Fresno
i C Pnschal. Omaha M M Odell. Cal
i C Iloto. Omaha R N Erkstrom, Cal
j 13 P Tabor, Auburn A S Barnato, Xpv
i W Hood. Auburn H T Smith. Term
! W F Drown. S Jose R O Norrls, 111
I G H Berger. Cal N O Matsel, Salinas
i W A Ryan, L Ang
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
A H Loraine. Chicago I.T Maioney. Sacto
IM P Casey, Stockton P Adler. Fresno
P Walker! S Barbara F B Pepper, L Ang
J B Rogers, Oakdale D Schaffer. Berkeley
A Woodward, Sacto Q Gasser, Ohio
W Maier. Salt Lake J Rich, Seattle
C Prendergast. Colfax B P Parker, L Ang
J Duncan, 8 Antonio J F Falkman, Cal
C Bandman, Vlsalla T Hen, Boise Clty
R M Scott, Mexico W T Twitchell, Boise
E Hogan, Cincinnati
6AN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market nnrt Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
387 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.*
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; i"t«h until 9:30 o'olock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
252 C Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
1805 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open until 9 o'clock.
>ir.r.Ti\<; notices.
GOLDEN GATE Commandary No. 16, <t _£_ A
K. T., Golden Gate building;. 625 Sut-^rif
ter st.— Special assembly Til IS EVEN- 111
ING, at 8 o'clock. The Order of the "^
Temple will be conferred. All fraters are
courteously Invited.
CIIAS. L. PATTON, Em. Com.
WILLIAM T. FONDA, Recorder.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge, No. 260, F. •
and A. M., 1K39 Fillmore st. (Frank-_JV_
lin Hall)— Second degree THIS iJION- jLjF
DAT) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. By/V>
order of the Master.
HARRT BAEHR, Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22, F. and •
A. M.-Called meeting THIS (MON- _JV-
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock,
Third degree. G. W. ROOT, /V>
Secretary.
: ■ SPECIAL NOTICES.
1 BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
I city . or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., room 6; tel. 5580.
' ETA RALPH, returned; thermal baths, mas-
' sage. ' Parlors 1 and 2. 32 Turk st.
MISS SUMMERS, alcohol and vapor baths.
116 A Grant aye., room 17, second floor.
, MISS R. CLEVELAND, from the East— Baths,
massage; assistants. 29 Grant aye.. room 6.
MISS SHELDON, steam baths and chiropodist.
1021 Market St., opp. Powell, ' rooms 9 and 11.
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened, $1 up;
, painting done. Hartmann Paint Co., 343 3d.
PEARL HARRISON and assistant, magnetic
treatment, massage. . 120% Geary st., room 2.
MISS EVA SUMMERS, alcohol and vapor
baths. , 316 A Grant aye., room 17.
MISS MYRTLE POTTER. 1021 Market, rm. 12.
opp. Baldwin: steam baths and massage.
1 MISS VIOLA BURWELL of New Orleans.
1 baths and massage. . 1118 Market St., room 8.
MISS L. DEAN, 917 Market St., parlors 11 and
' 12, Turkish baths and massage treatment.
I MRS. STEWART, genuine steam and cabinet
; baths. 120% Geary st, room 11.
1 ALVINE HALL and assistant; genuine cabinet
, _ baths. 15% Turk and 1118 Market, rms. 15-18.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
THE Continental Building and Loan Associa-
tion of California, 222 Sansome st., has de-
clared for the year ending June 30, IS9B, a div-
idend of 6 per cent per annum on ordinary
deposits, 7 per cent on one year term de-
posits, 10 per cent to class F stock, and 12
per cent to class A stock.
DR. ED. E. HILL, President.
CAPT. OLIVER ELDRIDGE. Vice- Pres.
WM. CORBIN, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— The German Savings and
Loan Society, 526 California St.— the half
year ending June 30. 1898, a dividend has been
declared at the rate of four and twenty-hun-
dredths (4.20) per cent per annum on term
deposits and three and one-half (3.50) per
cent per annum on ordinary deposits, free of
taxes, payable on and after FRIDAY, July 1,
1898. GEORGE TOURNY. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Savings and Loan Society.
101 Montgomery st., cor. of Sutter— The Board
of Directors declared a dividend for the half-
year ending June 30, 1898, at the rate of four
(4) per cent per annum on term deposits and
three a.id one-third (3 1-3) per cent per an-
num on ordinary deposits, free of taxes, and
payable en and after Friday, July 1, 1893.
Dividends not called for are added to and
bear the same rate of dividend as the prin-
cipal from and after July 1. 1898.
■ CYRUS W. CARMANY, Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice— San Francisco Savings
Union, 532 California St., corner Webb— For
the half year ending with the 30th of June,
189S, a dividend has been declared at the rat*
per annum of four (4) per cent on term depos-
its and three and one-third (3 1-3) per cent on
ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable on
and after Friday, July 1, 1898.
LOVELL WHITE. Cashier.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Savings Bank of
San Francisco. 33 Post st. For the half year
ending June 30. 1893, a dividend has been de-
clared at the rate of three and three-quar-
ters (Z\) per cent per annum on all deposits,
free of taxes, payable on and after Friday,
July 1, 1898. GEORGE A. STORY.
Cashier.
HUMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society. IS
Geary st. — The directors have declared the
following semi-annual dividends: Four per
cent per annum on term and 3 1-3 per cent
per annum on ordinary deposits, payable on
and after July 1. 1888.
ERNEST BRAND. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 82, 50c per
share, of the Oceanic Steamship Company,
will be payable at the office of the company,
327 Market St.. on and after FRIDAY, July
1. 189 S. Transfer books will close on Satur-
day. June 25. 189S, at 12 o'clock m. E. H.
SHELDON. Secretary. _^
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
PACIFIC Employment Office — First-class se-
lect help. SSS Market St.: phone Clay 130.
SITUATIONS WANTED—
A NO. 1 servant for all kinds of work can be
secured at J. F. CROSETT & CO.'S, 316 Sut-
ter st.
SWEDISH housegirl, first-class cook and
houseworker; 2 years last place. Apply
MRS. NORTON, Swedish and German Em-
ployment Bureau, 313 Sutter st.
SWEDISH girl wishes place to assist in
housework; strong and willing; $10. MRS.
NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
GERMAN second girl, first-class waitress and
seamstress; 3 years' references. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS German cook; understands all
branches: best references. MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutter st. '
COLORED woman; good cook and laundress:
city or country. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
SUPERIOR Irish girl desires "situation; good
cook and laundress: best references; city or
country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl desires situation at house-
work or as nurse, $10 to $15; references. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
YOUNG Swedish girl, good cook, wishes situa-
tion; cooking or housework; 4 -ears' refer-
ences. Apply to MRS. HIRD, 631 Larkln st.
tel. Sutter 52. • .
COMPETENT woman wishes a situation for
general housework; good plain cook; city or
country. 110 Sixth St.; will answer no
i postals. . , i •
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation to do
general housework; good cook; city or coun-
try: wages $15. 276 Minna St., near Fourth.
GERMAN woman wishes few more places to
work by the day. Call or address 79 Clem-
entina st.
CHAMBERWORK ■or Ironing by a competent
woman; is an all-around worker. Call 3 days,
M., 81 Natoma st., cor. Second.
SITUATION wanted as barkeeper or porter
in wholesale liquor store; rectifier and com-
pounder.- Address box 150, Call office.
GIRL wishes a situation for general house-
work. Apply at 337 Jessie St., after 12.
GERMAN cook wishes a situation In boarding
house or restaurant. 444 Brannan st., rm. 11.
NEAT lady wishes a situation as housekeeper;
willing to take full charge of place; has good
references. Address box 100, | Call office.
YOUNG French lady, fresh wet nurse, wishes
situation in some family. Inquire MRS.
BERNARD, midwife, SOI Vallejo st.
NEAT young lady wishes to do upstairs work
and sewing or care for child; experienced,
willing and obliging. Call from 10 a. m. to 2
p. m. or address 920E Pine St., between Mason
and Taylor. ■
AN experienced nurse would take care of an
Invalid; also will do sewing by the day;
terms reasonable. Address Nurse, 310 Sixth
aye., Richmond District. ! .
RESPECTABLE widow with a child 4% years
old, would like light housework; sewing; re-
liable, willing; wages moderate; reference.
Address box 75, Call office.. ■ .
COMPETENT woman just from the East de-
sires situation; is a good cook and laundress
and neat worker; city or country. Apply 990
Folsom St., cor. Sixth.
FIRST-CLASS cook, private family; disengaged
July 1; city or country; best city references.
E. T., box 26, Call office. ,
LADY'S companion, secretary. Invalid's nurse,
housekeeper or to travel ; a thoroughly com-
petent English lady; first-class city testimon-
ials. Address MISS E. C. R., Berkeley.
LADY, good seamstress, would like plain sew-
ing, to make over dresses and gent's mend-
ing; cheap. Call or address 1257 California s«t.
AMBITIOUS, bright young lady wishes a po-
sition outside of S. F. at bookkeeping, type-
writing or general office work: three years'
' reference , from wholesale house where at
: present employed: Address M., 615 Hyde st.
FIRST-CLASS dress and cloak maker will
take work at home; terms reasonable. 760
Folsom st.
MIDDLE-AGED German lady wishes any
kind of work by the day; $1 per day and car-
fare. Call for 3 days at 517 Bush st.
YOUNG woman wishes work by the day house-
cleanlng, washing and plain sewing. Address
3355 Twenty-sixth st.. corner Capp.
RESPECTABLE young married woman wishes
housework and cooking in exchange for room
and board for herself and husband; husband
employed •in the city at small wages. Box
90, Call office. ••. - -
MIDDLE-AGED American woman wishes po-
sition housekeeper on ranch where only
1 table is i served, or -will cook for men on
ranch; understands butter-making; rood cook-
references. Address Ahlborn Hotel, 323 Grant
aye. ,. room ■ 44. . . ,
STRONG lady would like to do upstairs work
and help In kitchen; sewing also. IS Clara
St.. bet. Folsom and Harrison, near Fourth.
COMPETENT girl wishes situation to do gen-
off 4^woo^d &r country - Add —
YOUNG girl wants position to assist in house-
Ca'fl k or r ad^ SS s a 4l^e ld ; Bmall "*'*■
GERMAN woman wants situation to take care
of invalid lady; is an experienced Infant
nurse. Address 8.. box 7, Calf office. Oakland.
GERMAN woman wishes situation as working
: housekeeper. - . Address 218 - Ninth ; st. rKln *
WOMAN . .' wishes situation as V housekeeper:
good ; cook;; good seamstress; : pleasant and
? e Sfii th a , little girl 8 years old. N. m..
;;. 3 Elliott park, off Steiner. . between O'Farrell
and ; Geary. v-v. ; , :.--..-.. -.:•■..-.■_
2 SCANDINAVIAN ■ girls wish housework and
y kitchen work; good references. .635 Second st.
ELEVENTH.".' 106-Branch office of = Th» Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
■ ■ ■ - - ■ ■ < • • ■ ■ .
Wick- Aye.
SITUATIONS WANTEO-MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main iy.*7. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay St.
JAPANESE Employment Bureau; best help
promptly. 122 Golden Gate; tel. South 171.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
YOUNG married man wishes a steady position;
willing to do any kind of hard work. Call 17
Third St., room 2.
YOUNG man, understands work around private
place, wants position in city or country. Ad-
dress box 129, Call office.
FOREMAN on bread baking wants work. Ap-
ply 712 Polk st.
WANTED— By an active elderly man. to work
In kitchen, small restaurant or hotel; city or
country; can do plain, all around cooking.
Address box 86, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS cooper, distiller and wlnemaker
wants position; city or country. 4040 Twenty-
fourth at.
MIDDLE-AGED man. best references, wants
position as janitor, porter or assistant; single;
needs employment at once. Box s.. Call.
MAN and wife want situations; wife as house-
keeper; man all-around worker. Address
Sherman House, Eighth St., bet. Market and
Mission. R. F. D.
COACHMAN who understand;- his business, so-
ber and reliable, wants position on private
place in country or country town; references;
wages $30. Address G. W., box 277, Call office.
WANTED — Position by a young Japanese man,
without experience as a waiter, at a restaur-
ant or in hotel. Address I. X., Sutter-st.
Restaurant, 312 Sutter st.
CHINESE boy, first-class family cook, wants
situation, city or country: small washing;
references. WON SAM. 615"6 Dupont St.
BOOKKEEPER— First-class double entry and
correspondent; Al city references. Box fS^
Call office.
BOOKKEEPER desires engagement for 2 or 8
days each week; any work; city or Oakland.
F., box 119. Call office.
EXPERIENCED man wishes a situation as
grocery clerk or bartender; understands both;
has good references. Address box 98 Call.
JAPANESE excellent boy wants situation as
office boy or waiter. K. S., 1323 Pin.- St.
SITUATION wanted by a steady and sobor
man; thoroughly understands the care of
horses, driving, garden, cows: best of refer-
ences; city or country. Box 24, Call office
YOUNG man desires to send his sist-r to uni-
versity; wants position as salesman or at
office work in San Francisco or Oakland; ex-
perienced; good habits; best of references.
Address box 6S, Call Office.
MAN and wife wish situations In lodging-
house, hotel or private family; city or coun-
try; no cooking; references. Box 66. Call.
POSITION wanted by young man; sober, in-
dustrious and reliable. Call or address W. S .
22!>5 Geary st.
RELIABLE man and wife want to do cham-
berwork in lodging house or hotel; city or
country. Address Reliable, box 27, Call office.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 Third St.. near
Market: 200 rooms, 25c to $1 50 night; $1 60 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable: fre»
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WASTED-FEMALE.
TWO waitresses, country hotels. $20; 4 wait-
resses, city, $20, $25 and $."> week; 2 cooks, re-
sort and boarding house, $25; laundress, ho-
tel, $20: nurse, 2 children. $20; second girl,
$15; and a gTeat many ijirls for conking and
housework. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 310
Sutter st.
TWO restaurant waitresses, $5 per week. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Slitter st.
COOK, $30; second girl, $20, same house. MIS 3
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
SECOND girl and sew, $25; second girl, San
Mateo, $20. MISS CULLEN. 325 Butter s:
H ironers, $30 per month. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
NURSE, one child, $25. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
6 WAITRESSES, $20 each; chambermaid and
waitress, $20, City; waitress, city, $20. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WAITRESS. $20; pantry girl, $15. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK, San Jose, 2 in family, $20.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN nurse, child 5 years. $15. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID and waitress. Glen Ellen, $20.
MISS CULLEN, st.
NURSE, $12, one child. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
NURSE, $-■": second girl, $20; German second
girl, $15; nurse, one child, "12. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter st.
COOK and French second girl, same house, $30
and $20; cook, $25. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sut-
tor st. _.
GERMAN houseglrl, $25; Irish housegirl, $20;
young girl to assist, $12. MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutter St.
RANCH cook, $25; boarding house cook, $23;
hotel cook. $25; housegirl. Oakland. $20; Ala-
meda. $25: Berkeley. $20. MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutter St.
EIGHT young girls to assist, $10 to $15; nurse.
$20: middle-aged woman, country, $2u. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
FIVE first-class waitresses for a mountain
resort, $25 a month and fare both ways; one
waitress for the nurses' dining hall, same
place and conditions. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
10 WAITRESSES for Santa Cruz July 1 $20
5 waitresses for Santa Cruz to-day 20
2 waitresses for Stockton 20
2 waitresses for Marysvllle 20
Wnitress, resort, near city 20
2 waitresses, city 20
2 hotel cooks $30 and $35
C. R HANSEN & CO., 101 Geary st
WAITRESSES, different country hotels. $20;
girls for housework, different country places.
MURRAY & READY. 631 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED — Cooks, chambermaids, nursegirls
and girls for housework. MRS. HIRD, t>Bl
Larkln st.
TEN good reliable girls wanted, wages, $20 to
$25; references both ways. 313 Bush st.
LADIES' select and refined bureau of informa-
tion; managed by city ladies. 313 Bush st.
BOOKKEEPER and order clerk, commission
house; stenographer, special work, to-day.
313 Bush St.
COOK. $3:.; waitress. $20. HOTEL GAZETTeT
420 Kearny st.
WANTED— A competent nurse; first-class city
references; none other need apply. 8285 P >st
St., near Devisadero. Call after 11 o'clock.
WANTED — Competent girl for second w^rk and
waiting; references required. Call at 1121
Suttfr st.. bet 11 and 12.
WANTED— GirI to do plain cooking and gen-
eral housework; small family; call in morn-
ing. ISIO Laguna st.
WANTED— First-class finishers on cu^t tn
pants; good pay; steady. Call at once, 1037
. Folsom st.
RESPECTABLE, neat girl to assist with
housework; wages $5 a month; good home. St
Minna st.
WANTED— Thoroughly experienced tailoress on
custom coats; steady work; good wages. 272
Seventh st.
2 GIRLS for dressmaking; $3 week. 1332 Du-
pont st.
GIRL to assist in light housework. 1312 Bu-
chanan st.
GIRL wanted for general housework. 614 O'Far-
rell st. Call 9 to 12 a. m.. S4S Mark, t
WANTED— A lady cook. S3O Howard rt. _
YOUNG girl to i'ssist in housework: sleep
home. 447H Natoma St. •
FIRST-CLASS tailoress" Room" 309, Phelan
building.
2~WA'ITRESSES wanted at Model Restaurant.
1212H Polk st. __
GIP.I.S can find employment by applying at
Home of Love for Children, ISOI franklin st..
Oakland. -
WANTED— A few nundredmore operators at
LEVI, STRAUS &■ _O.'S factory, 32Vi Fre-
mont st. Inquire for Mr. Davis.
LEARN dressma ng and millinery; positions
free: patterns 25c up McDowell s. 103 Poat^
LXWRENCE Dresscuttin* School 1079 Market
St.; perfect fit; no trying on: trial free.
WANTFD— GirIs and ladles to learn "Rood's
made scale dress cutting system" complete In
10 days; open evenings-, good pay. 20, Jaylor.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
WANTED— Drug clerk; miners, $2 50 day;
farmers. $20 and $2>r. chor.-man for private
place $150 year; fruit farmer, $30; Swiss
milker, $25; boy for milk wagon, $15: farmer
and wife, $40; laborers, $1 day ajid board;
blacksmith for mine; and others. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento St.
Camp cook, $45; barber and
for springs, $15 and half profits of Bhop;
waiter, country hotel, $25: restaurant cooks
$S and $10; kitchen men. $25; second c
week; and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
6 CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
GENERAL store bookkeeper, Ben Lomond; I
general store clerks. 313 Bush st.
WATCHMAN, Janitors, porters, butlers fire-
man; investigate new proposition, subscrip-
tion. 313 Bush st.
MANAGING partner for well-established cash
business in Oakland, to-day. 318 Bush st.HELP WANTED—
T^YP neat colored bell boys with references,
?i,JV found; 3 waiters, colored, $25 and
™V n 'r^" J or u a st class hotel north; fare
paid, C. R. HAXSEN & CO.. 104 Gear}' st.
TEN able-bodied laborers who can handle an
ax or experienced woodchoppers to chop tan
Lark in Santa Cruz County, $2 75 a cord-
.-.■ Plod hen r . chopped and paid cash; long
Job. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary et.
BARKEEPER, good mixer, for a first-class
springs; permanent situation; references re-
quired; $45 and found; barkeeper, country ho-
tel. $30. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
TWO dishwashers and a kitchen hand for a
country Institution, $20 each. C. R. HAN-
__ ah.N & CO., 104 Geary st. ,
FOR Alaska— 2oo rockmen and 100 laborers. $3
to $3 30 a day; reduced rates; ship dally by
rail and Thursday June 30, by steamer. C.
H R. HANSEN >* CO., 104 Geary st.
A GANG of teamsters for the Coast Road..~
A gang of teamsters for the Valley Road
• C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
8 4-HORSE teamsters. Southern California;
free fare; ship Monday. C. R. HANSEN & I
CO.. 104 Geary st.
1 MORE Ingersoll drill man for Mexico, $200.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
7 LABORERS for a railroad in the woods: ship
Monday morning: $20 and board. C R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
HEAD logger, sawmill company, $60 and board;
9 barkers and buckers for the woods. $35 and \
board; woodchoppers. tie makers. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
BLACKSMITH, $35 and found, country shop;
helper, $25 and found. C. R. HANSEN &
1 CO.. 104 Gear}- st.
B H?9t Y washer. $60. C. R. HAN-SEN & CO..
IC4 Genry St.
II FARMERS, different ranches. $20 and board;
cheese maker. $35 and found; milker, $30. C. !
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
: COOKS for 2 mines inJuneau. Alaska, $00
and fare advanced
Cook for men at a mine in Southern Cali-
fornia, $60 and fare advanced: see party here..
Cook for a raMroad camp. $60; free (are
C R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
SECOND cook, $75; night cook. $75: night cook,
$55; lunch counter man. $00: second cook, i
country hotel, fare advanced $40; cake baker. i
$35 and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
WAITERS for a first-class country hotel, $35
and fare paid: 5 Eastern waiters, $40: 3 wait-
ers for a summer resort, $30. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. -104 Geary st. j
IRONER.Troy machine. $30 and md; washer, {
hotel laundry, %'io and found; marker and i
distributer, $S5, north: south, 130; box man- |
ffler, $35 and found, for a country hotel, free i
far- C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
MIKR ZORN. the laundry man, wanted. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
A — MURRAY & READY
Wants to-. lay
2086 men —
"Free" "fare," "free"
600 rnilroad teamsters — $2 and $1 75 day
300 railroad laborers $1 75 day
For four— 4 great railroads
316 woodchoppers. tools furnished. $1 50 and
$1 cord: US tiemakers— 9c. 10c and 11 each
■ 3 stablemen . $2S and found
10 brick yard laborers — $1 75 to $2 day
— C milkers $25 and found
12 laborers for a sawmill $26 and found
6 lumber pliers $1 SO day j
2? gold "not silver" miners ■ $2 50 day
116 laborers for a great American and ,
— - — — English syndicate; wages from '
$2 30 day — — — i
20 farm hands $26 and $20 and found
10 haymakers $26 and found :
12 orchard hands $20 and found j
6 choreboys $10 and $15 and found
500 men for Arizona t
Carpenter for a large ranch;
blacksmith for a large ranch
6 firemen for mines
6 hay balers, 15c ton
6 two-horse teamsters, cit- II 7." day and $26
and found; 19 laborers, city Jobs $175 day j
A!- hundreds i
of other places too numerous to advertise: j
Come — i and see i
MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay st.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents on ;
Pacific Coast.
BAKER, country shop. MURRAY &
READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A- 12 waiters $25. $30 and $20 j
8 cooks • $50 $40 and $30
5 dishwashers $20, $1S and $15 ;
MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay st.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents on i
Pacific Coast. j
COOK for mining camp, $50; waiter, country <
hotel, $2.'.; waiter, city. $25: haymakers, $26; j
4 farmers near city, $20: 6 scraper teamsters,
$1 50 a day; camp blacksmith. $26; man about
place, tlo: dishwasher. $20. R. T. WARD &
CO.. 60S-610 Clay -■
WAITER, $25. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
STRONG boy wanted to work In candy factory;
must live at home with parents. Inquire 810
Market St., GEO. HAAS & SON.
ENERGETIC collector. Apply to MR. DORR,
• 511 Montgomery st.
FIRST-CLASS cook wanted; call early. 1416
Howard st.
WANTED— German boy in grocery; wages $10
a month. Address box 9999, Call office.
WANTED — 2 barbers for the country; wages '
$15. Apply H. BERNARD, 104 Seventh st.
EXPERIENCED brick yard men. Baden Brick
Company's yard, Baden, South San Francisco.
GOOD waiter wanted. 106 Second st.
WANTED— A painter to take contract to paint
and paper a saloon. Inquire at 550 Clay st.
WANTED— Man to drive delivery wagon; must
be acquainted. 1213 Volnt Lob m aye.
BLACK wanted at 544 Clay St., barber
chop; wages $5.
WANTED— Good dishwasher at North Beach
Hotel; $12. 4<X) Bay St., cor. Mason.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States ma-
rine corps, United States navy: able-bodied,
unmarried men, between the ages of 21 and
M years, who are citizens of the United
• States, or those who have legally declared
their intention to become such: must be of
good character and habits and able to speak,
read and write English, and be between 5
feet 5 inches and « feet in height. For further
information apply at the recruiting office, 20
Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED — and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st.; 150 large
rooms; So per night: $1 to $3 per week.
EDDY, 616— Wanted young lady or gent to ;
room and board; private family; reasonable. |
SHOEMAKER wanted for repairing: must be ,
able to sell; references required. .67 Market. ]
FIRST-CLASS solicitor; state experience, age j
and salary expected. Box 16, Call office.
SHOEMAKERS to buy findings and leather;
wholesale prices; men s uppers to order $1 up.
921 Howard st.
WANTED— Woodworker; elderly man; steady
Job. Address box 42. Call office.
WANTED— to buy shop; cheap. 1707
Market st. ; one chair.
WANTED— Seamen and ordinary seamen for
Alaska, Puget Sound. Mexico, etc.; apply
Mariners' Home. W. W. LANE. 604 Davis st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 50; men's
soling, 35c; only one price. »59 Howard st.
MEN to learn barber trade in eight weeks. S.
F. Barber College. 138H Eighth St.
PINOLE furnished fine, large sunny and airy
room. 25c night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellin.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. S.
FUCHS. Sec, 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
SINGLE rooms, 10c and 15c night; 7Sc and $1
week. Llndell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Sutter st.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764H Mission,
men to taice rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
night: 60c, 60c and $1 per week.
TRY Acme House. 857 Market St.. below Sixth.
for a room: 25c a night; $1 a week. • '
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 Third ' st., near
Market; 200 rooms. 25c a night; reading room;
fr«-e bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED.
CATALOG, war goods, flags, bows, etc., free.
L. N. CUSHMAN. 34 Oliver St., Boston. Mass.
A' :T8 for "Our Naval War With Spain";
splendidly illustrated; only authentic book to
be published; free outfit nowready; actqulck.
National Pub. Co.. Lakeside bldg.. Chicago.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The CalL
Subscriptions and ads taken. '
PARTNERS WANTED.
ENERGETIC partner wanted: capital no ob-
ject. Address box 23, Call Branch Office, 106
Eleventh ft. ■
"WANTED^M I SCELLAAEO US?
WANTED — North of Market; rooming-house
from 15 to 35 rooms; well furnished and good
building; pay cash. C. H. TAYLOR & CO..
1023 Market st. -■ ■ ' . -
WANTED — buy a well located meat -market
north of Market St.; cash. C. H. TAYLOR
A- CO., 1023 Marget st.
GOOD double action harp very cheap. Box
' 774, Call office. - :
I WANT a aafe scale stand desk, letter press,
coffee mill. Box iO. Call office.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
$300— COFFEE saloon and lunch house~in~vi-
i-lnlty of Claus Spreckels building; old es-
tablished place doing a good business; sick-
_ ness cause of sale. M. LESS. 765 Market st.
$150— NEAT offlce business, suitable for lady or
gentleman; no previous experience: will
easily clear $75 per month; positive proof fur-
nished. M. LESS, 765 Market St., opposite
Phelan building.
$200— SALOON with living rooms, near Market
st.; tent only $20: established many years;
a bargain. M. LESS. 765 Market St.. opposite
Phtlan building.
FIRST-CLASS corner grocery and bar, 4 rooms
and bath, is offered at invoice value; bar re-
ceipts alone average $350 to $4CO monthly;
mostly gentlemen's trade; you get trial If In
earnest. M. LESS, 765 Market st., opp. Phelan
building. :
$200— BAKERY; principal street, heart of city;
living rooms; rent $25: baking 1U barrels flour
dally; all store trade; best offer in this line;
trial" given. M. LEP.S. MB Market St.
$;.;•.■ iORNKH grocery and liar, established 40
years; unexceptional location; vicinity Call
building: large stock; big bar trade, both
transient and regular; this offer is very best
in its line to-day; full investigation afforded
and solicited. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
>. BALOON principal street; central; old es-
tablished; rent 3_ : receipts $8 to $9 daily; a
rare chance; don't miss it. M. LESS, 765
Market st.
A— slooo— SALOON in the very best location, !
Western Addition, doing a first-class paying
business: owner engaged in other business;
must sacrifice; not all cash needed. WILKE,
545 Market St.
A— S4SO— PARTNER wanted in old established
and first-class saloon on Third st.. close to
Claus Spreok^ls building: a first-class open-
ing. S»-p WILKE, 545 Market st.
A- $400; partner In first-class paying busi- I
ness, on Kearny st. nr. Market, clearing eaal- !
ly $250 per month; no opposition; a rare I
I chance For particulars. WILKE, sis Market.
A $1800; CORNER grocery and bar; double j
store; 4 living rooms; horse and wagon; rent j
* Qrst-dase business; only cash trade; sick- .
i'.os-s In family compels owner to leave the |
Ctty; a very rare business opening. WILKE, j
545 Market st.
\ r_ I; SALOON DMU 1 Chronicle building;)
average daily receipts $35; rent $7",; an excel- j
: j.1.-i i. WILKE. 545 Market s-t.
A— WOO; SALOON on California St.; low rent; j
ding a good paying business; no better offer |
for the price in the market. WILKE, 845 j
Market st.
A— 4600; corner saloon; milkmen's headquar-
ters; kept by owner 10 years and guaranteed I
to clear above $125 per month; rent $50.
WILKE, MS Market St.
? . i'.AKROOM doing a first-class pay in*
business and elegantly fitted up; close to
Palace Hotel; rent $."0; a rare us-ines* open-
ing. «.all WILKE, 753 Market St., new num-
ber (46.
GROCERY and bar. with corner lot. f.>r m-
change for small cottage; will pay cash dif-
ference. Mclaughlin & co., 23 Kearny.
$32! CORNER saloon; billiard and pool; side
MCLAUGHLIN. Kearny Bt.
$I?S— SALOON; bargain; this day. McLAUGH-
; LIN A. CO., 28 Kearny ~t.
I • 8 :- north of Market st:. present
owner k ll "g Into extensive business. Mc-
LAUQHLJN & CO.. 23 Kearny St.
$275— RESTAURANT; bargain if sold lmmedl-
ately. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny st.
$•>" "--FIRST-CLASS restaurant for sale in Oak-
land; owner has had the place 8 years; loca-
tion is the best in the city; on principal
. street; no opposition; clearing $200 per month;
this Is a rare chance, as the proprietor is go-
ing to Europe. MCLAUGHLIN A: CO., 23
Kearny st.
\ A— slooo INVESTMENT will clear $300 monthly;
$2000 cash in sight. KREDO &CO., 22' i Geary.
A— $1000; wood, coal, hay. grain and boarding
stable; monthly receipts $1500; rare chance.
KREDO & CO.. 22H Geary st.
A— s2so; restaurant, opposite cable house; $30
dally; 20 steady boarders; other good restau- j
rants from $200 to J3OO. KREI'O & CO., _Vi
Geary st. I
$1000 — Corner grocery and bar; a rare chance: I
bt-^t location in city; receipts $20 dally; full
value In stock. KREDO & CO., 22'? Geary.
A— s2oo; branch bakery, notions and school sup-
plies; near school. KREDO & CO., 22' 2 Geary.
! $4oO— WOOD, coal, hay and feed store at the
Mission; horses, wagons, etc.; no opposition; i
, owns buildings; rent $S per month; best of
I reasons for selling. HF.ALV, s-17 Market St.
I $400— BUSINESS clearing $125 monthly; owns
building and machinery; delivery wagon, et"\ :
i owner engaged In other business. HEALY.
j 917 Market St.
MISSION butcher shop for rent: everything
complete. HEALY & CO., 917 Market St.
$250— SALOON and fine fixtures and stock: ft
Mock from Market Ft. must be sold to-day;
owner «roes East to-morrow ; no reasonable
offer refused. Address box 2507, Call.
FOR SALE— 2 old established groceries and
bars; price $1250. Box 201, Call office.
$150— PARTNER wanted in delicacy and pork
store; no experience necessary. 308 Sixth st.
LONG established corner saloon: must be sold;
cheap If at once. Box UM, Call office.
$15' I—FINE1 — FINE corner saloon; 4 living rooms; rent
$20; great bargain. 331 Sixth st.
; WANTED— Active partner; Oil of Eden Med.
■ Co., cor. Broadway, Telegraph & 16th, Oak.
GREAT bargain — A well-stocked grocery store;
3 living rooms; horse and wagon; chicken-
houaes; bearing fruit trees and garden; a
short distance from Oakland; 5 years' lease,
cheap rent. Address box 108, Call office.
A— MUST sell; see It; make offer; bakery, sta-
tionery, notions, fixtures for bar business;
established 20 years; present owner there 7
years; 4 rooms; rent $15. Box Bh, Call offlce.
$800— COAL and wood yard; Western Addition;
long established; choice lot customers; rent
free; horses, wagons, etc., worth $1000; city
agency. 850 Market st.
$250— PARTNER wanted; light business; Indoor
work; no night or Sunday work; experience
not required; trial given; $20 to $30 a week
each can be made. 9 Geary St., room 2.
$125— GREAT sacrifice; fruit, vegetable store;
best location; receipts $12 to $20 day; must
sell. BARRETT, 1125 Market, above Seventh.
FOR Sale or Exchange— Lodging house con-
taining 60 furnished rooms; good location;
owner has other business. Inquire 132 First st.
GOOD restaurant for sale; nice business for
man and wife that are willing to work; cheap
for cash. Address G., box 7, Call offlce.
WANTED— To Invest $1000 and services in legi-
timate business, or buy established business.
Box 109, Call offlce.
i SALOON men, here's your chance, fixtures In
the liquor store, 244 Third St., at your own
price to-day.
$1000-S6OOO— PARTNER; wine business and vine-
yard; references exchanged. Box 110, Call.
I GOOD restaurant for sale or exchange: paying
business. Address box 101, Call office.
FOR Sale— Avenue saloon. City Hall and Park
aye. ; rare chance for good saloon man.
$250— SALOON; day business. 606 Clay st.
FOR Sale— Grocery and bar; doing good busi-
ness. Address box 156, Call office.
FOR Sale— Corner liquor store; good location;
good chance. Apply IS2 First st.
TWO good reliable men to Investigate some-
thing new; to right parties first-class in-
ducements offered. Box 14, Call.
GOOD waiter wanted. 106 Second st.
GOOD night clerk for lodging house. 737 Mis-
sion st. ; call between 2 and 3 P-jn^
FOR Sale— Call route at San Jose. For par-
ticulars apply at Call business offlce.
WANTED— Partner with $100 for corner saloon,
with fixtures; good business place; rent $10;
with 3 rooms. 11 Eddy st., saloon.
BRANCH bakery and coffee parlor: worth three
times amount; 8 living rooms. 800 Hayes st.
$500— PARTNER In established business paying
$50 to $100 a month. Box 83, Call offlce.
FOR Sale— A laundry route and wagon; owner
going Eaat. Box SO, Call offlce.
$66— RESTAURANT for sale; owner leaving
city. 141 East st.
FOR salfr^Delicacy, butter and egg stand;
Grand Western Market, Polk and Austin sts. ;
will sell cheap If sold at once; Investigate
this.
FOR Rent— lmproved place, 6 acres. For Sale—
1 horse, wagon, cow, 300 hens. Addresß box
82. Cotati, Sonoma County, Cal.
FIRST-CLASB barber shop doing fine busjness;
reason for selling, sickness. Address box 63,
Call office.
WELL-STOCKED grocery and bar; old-estab- !
llshed business; run by owner 6 years; rent
cheap. Inquire Call Offlce.
IN well-established wholesale and retail wine
and liquor business; reliable partner. Box
46. Call office.
FOR rale or rent: fish and poultry store; good
location: easy terms. 3089 Sixteenth st.
•400-CORNER grocery and bar; good location;
rent $20; living rooms. Address box 14,__Call.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 41& Sacramento »t.
"~~ TYPEWRITERS.
FOR^SALE— No. 2 Remington typewriter, good
order, $30. 932 Market St., room 23.
ALL typewriters sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. UP Montgmry.
TOST, good order, $28; send for sample work. '
PCOTT _ BANNAN, 833 Montgomery st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 27, 1898.
I'^RSONALS.
GREVKNS latest war song, "Remember, Boys,
the Maine,"- is a Mr hit all over the coun-
try; for sale at the music stores, at Odd Fel-
lows' Hall and office rooms, 121 and 122 Mur-
phy building, 1236 Market st.
Al 'i .i'Tl< >N— Wanted, a brunette boy or girl;
bahy: good home. MRS. DR. FUNCKE, 1416
Eighth st., Alameda.
BUSINESS i ERSONALS.
I TAKE pride in doing only the most artis- ;
tic hair dressing; price 25c only; good
switches $1; best, finest quality, $3 50; extra
heavy, long, ?5; open Sundays from 9 to 12. :
G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st. j
QUINONIA hair tonic builds and strengthens
the hair. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton Et.
ELECTRIC llsrhts in every room: Winchester
House, 44 Third st., near Market: 200 rooms,
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MRS. JOHNSON S new method of electric mas- j
sage, salt baths and herb cure. 579 Geary at. j
HOME in confinement: diseases of women, j
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 141 C Bth st., Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
I.EMOS, 1117 MarkPt st., b^t. 7th and Sth.
DRESSMAKERS.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring ;
College. 916 Market st. !
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced shs
will reveal every hidden mystery in life: she j
will show you how to overcome your enemies, j
remove family troubles, restore lost affec- i
ttons; unites the separate, recovers lost,
stolen or buried property; locates treasures,
minerals: tells your entire life. past, present i
and future, while In a perfect trance. Hours i
10 a. m. to 5 p. m. ; perfect satisfaction guar- i
anteed by mail. Send stamp for circular with ■
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms !
25 and 26, 1206 Market St.. opposite Sixth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
Fight: diagnosis disease, full life reading; la.
50c, gents $i; palm, andclalr.slt. $1 60. 1M Turk. |
MRS.~DR7~E. J. MOORE, 1104 Market st. j
(Vendome building)— Trance medium; unites i
the separated; changes luck; locates burled ,
treasures; letters answered; Inclose stamp.
MMX. WALTERS, the great card reader, re-
turned; ladies, 25c; gents, 50c. S5l Mission bt.,
near Sixth.
MME. LENEMAR: fortunes told by planets;
predicted in '74 overdue steamer on island.
2S I - Sixth st.
CONSULT the gifted clairvoyant, fee 25c. 41
Minna st. ; basement.
MMX. MOREAU, best medium and card
reader; ->'c up; by mail $1. 73 Fourth *t.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past,
present and future; Be. 14S Sixth St., room 10.
CLARA NORDLINGER, card-reader and palm-
ist. 101 Eddy St., room 12.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT, card reader and
palmist. 215 Kearny St.. room 2.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MIIS. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first in her pro-
fesslon : never falls; ndvice: help. 929 Post st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
("all. Sent to any address In the United
States, postpaid, for $1 GO a year.
SPIRITUALISM.
MOTHER PADIE. etherealizing. materializing
seance to-day, 12 o'clock; 50c. 409 Leavenwth. j
MRS. SEELY: test meeting to-night. Cam-
blan Hall. 1183 Mission st.; tests to all; 10c.
M. FRANCES. Independent slate writing me-
dium. lIS Haight st.
MRS. ELLIS, medium, 233 Valencia st. ; read-
ings, $1; dr. Tues., Fri.. 2 p. m. ; Bat. -
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium:
sittings daily. 212 1 -. Sixth st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test and busi-
ness medium. 232 Stockton st.
HYPNOTISM
A— LECTURE Tuesday evening. June 28. Occi- !
dental Hall. 3'" 1 ". Larkin St.; subject. "How to
Cure Liquor Habit;" other diseases. Admls- I
sion free. DR. S. TURMAN, 247 Larkln St.;
elevator.
SEND 10c for California Hypnotic Journal of
Psychology. California Institute, 4.'^ Geary st.
PALMISTRY
MRS. CHANDLER- Free lecture Sunday. 3 p.
m., 305 Larkln; readings at reß.. 3.".3 Geary »t.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
A KREDO & CO. 22% Geary st.
UP-TO-DATE BROKERS.
List with uk: no charge fur advertising; 500 •
houses: al sizes; all prices.
6 rooms; flat; free rent $125
7 rooms; Geary st.; elegant: new 225 i
8 rooms; Jones st.: clears $20 225
9 rooms; sunny ami ploasant ; clears $25... 275
9 rooms: Mlssion-st. corner 350!
9 rooms; nicest little house on Taylor st... 350 i
Many large houses from GO to 500 rooms, too j
numerous to mention. KREDO & CO.
wixston A CO., tU Market st.
Money to loan on furniture at 2 ! .£ per cent.
11 riwiras; central: part cash $700
19 roms: sunny corner; Al location 600 i
21 rooms; nf-ar Call offlce; offer wanted |
50 rooms; clears $175 on investment 3000 j
66 rooms; rent $!15' good furniture 3000
67 rooms; best location in city 3000
HOWARD, 704, oorner Third— Nicely furnished
32-room corner house; full; cheap.
♦800— LODGIhTO- HOUSE; main Bt.; 25 rooms;
old established; money maker; cash or trade.
City Agency. S5O Market st.
$2700 CASH will buy house of 24 rooms; cheap
rt'nt; north of and near Market et.; good
paying and well established. Box US, Call.
HOTEL for sale: easy terms; 26 rooms fur-
nished: lot included. Address 256 Third st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FOR sale— Furniture of 14 rooms; house can
bo rented cheap. Apply 115 South Park.
FURNITURE of 10-room house; owner going
to Europe. 5(^9 Jor.es st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $0 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash. Bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest houße
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26, 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical Instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
AS vacation is here, freight being low, 5 car-
loads pianos coming, we must make room; no
reasonable offer refused. BENJ. CL'RTA/. &
BON, 16 to 20 O'Farrell St., Checkering agents.
FINE two manual pedal organ; fifteen stops;
water power; suitable for church. Statham's
Piano Store, 106 McAllister St.. S. F.
CLARK WISE & CO., 41 Geary st., cor. Grant
aye., offer three ways to buy a niano; no
trouble to explain particulars. Conover agts.
SOHMER & CO., Byron Mauzy, Newby, Evans,
Brlggs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no interest first year. 808, 310, 312 Post *t.
AN elegant upright, little used, will be sold for
cash at once; best offer takes it. J. DEW T ING
CO., second floor. Flood building.
AN almost new piano; very cheap; must sell.
1661 Mission st.
AN upright piano, nearly new; brilliant, pow-
erful tone; cheap. 216 McAllister st.
$75— ELEGANT Hazelton piano; cost $500; on $6
installments. 221 Leavenworth st.
SPECIAL sale of pianos; wholesale prices to
all. W. C HAMILTON, 824 Post st.
BEBT goods; lowest prices; easy payments;
pianos to rent at MAUVAIS', 769 Market st.
••AD" smallest; price lowest; uprights, $76 up;
rents. $2 up. HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
A GOOD upright very cheap. 16 McAllister
st, next Hibernla Bank. SCHMITZ.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham plao,
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY steam Carpet-Cleaning Works; cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
88 and 40 Eighth st.; telephone South 260.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
XDVANCE Carpet-Cleaning C 0., -402 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main 834. GEO. WOLCOM. Proprietor.
~J McQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet-Cleaning Co., 458
Stevenson St.; tel S. 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relaid at 3c.
STRATTON, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet-Cleaning
Works. 14 Sth st. B. GRANT, tel. Jessie 201.
J~_7 MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.; cleaning 3c a yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 933 Golden
Gate aye.; teL E_t 121. j
HOUSES TO LET.
A— lB-ROOM house;, large stable; large yard;
Golden Gate aye., near Laguna. L. M., box
6647. Call office. •/
ALL OVER TOWN —
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st. -*
ATTENTION, Dressmakers— Sutter St., 5 or
8 rooms; extra workroom 23x35 feet; choice,
sunny, reasonable; appreciated If seen.
HOUSE of 10 rooms and bath: latest improve-
ments; reduced to $25. 1207 Turk st.
ELEGANT 8-room houses; Sixth aye., bet. Cali-
fornia and Lake nts. ; prices will surprise !
you. MARCUSE & REMMEL, 62S Market St. j
ELLIS, House of 11 rooms; near Van Ness
avenue. ; 
HOUSE to let— 34 rooms and bath; newly
painted. 933 Mission st.
HOUSE 4 rooms, attic, stable, reasonable for
right party. Inquire 8204 Jessie St., off 9th.
NICE dwelling, 441 Fifth St.; 7 rooms; large
yard; low rent to responsible tenant.
RARE opportunity; house; rent very low; fur-
nished or unfurnished: furniture for sale at
a bargain. Key at grocery store, cor. Bush
and Webster sts.
SEE it; sunny house, 9 rooms, bath; laundry;
garden; rent low. 2012 Pine st.
TENTH, 149, near Market— Sunny house, 7
rooms; bath; large yard; garden; good order i
cheap.
6 ROOMS; bath and laundry; marine view;
rent $22 60. 1908 Broadway.
$27 60— 2-STORY house, 7 rooms, bath; cellar;
yard. 483 Haight st.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
TAYLOR, 810 — Completely furnished sunny
house, 10 rooms and bath. Call between 1:30
an.l 4 p. m. .
COTTAGES TO LET.
GROVE, 720—4 large light rooms; gae; bath;
sunny yard, garden; sunny side.
MODERN cottage; 401 Laurel St., corner Sacra-
mento; sun all day. Apply MADISON &
1 BURKE.
$17— COTTAGE, 6 rooms and bath; near car
line; fine garden. 1187 Nee St.. bet 24th & 25th.
$20— COTTAGE. 6 rooms; prettiest in city; new;
2963 Twenty-first St.: key at corner grocery.
_________
FLATS TO LET.
WE want 100 tenants at once to rent cot-
tages, flats and houses; willing to make in-
ducements; 3-room flats, $6 to $9; 4 rooms. $10;
5 rooms, $12 up. At A. M. SPECK & CO.'S,
602 Market st.
ALL OVER TOWN
You see flats to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
AN . elegant sunny upper modern flat of 5
rooms, bath and basement; rent reasonable.
1357 Vallejo st., near Larkin.
AN elegant flat, 7 rooms, bath; rent $21. 331
Tehama st.
AN elegant flat, 7 rooms and bath, $35. 625
Post Ft.
APPLY 1722 Howard, near 13th— choice,
sunny, 4 big rooms, bath, $16; water free.
DEVISADERO. 714— Upper flat. 5 rooms and
bath; sun all day; $15.
ELEGANT modern-built flat, 5 rooms and bath.
919 Capp st.
FELL, fill— Flat of four rooms; bath, gas; hot,
cold water, yard and basement; $15.
FINE sunny flat of 6 rooms and bath; reason-
able. 411 Lyon St., near Hayes.
FLAT of 7 sunny rooms and bath: all modern
improvements. Twentieth, bet. Howard and
Oapp; flat of 4 rooms and bath, 3442, cor. Capp.
FLAT of 3 front rooms for housekeeping, $10.
21 Page st.
FULTON, 118— Fine middle sunny flat, 7 rooms,
bath; near City Hall.
GEARY, 1917—4 nice rooms; bath; toilet; cellar;
yard; furnished hall; gas.
HANDSOME 7 and 8 rooms; middle and lower
flat; modern Improvements. 1127-1129 Bush st.
HARRISON, 2041, opp. Eighteenth— sunny
flats, 3 and 4 rooms; rent $9 and $10.
HELEN, 8, near California and Leavenworth—
Fine flat, 6 rooms, bath: only $14; see it to-
day. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
JERSEY, 339, near Castro— Modern flats: 5 and
6 rooms, basement; baths; yard; $12 and $13.
MINNA, 1016, near Eleventh— A flat of 5 sunny
rooms; rent reduced.
MODERN sunny upper flat, 6 rooms, bath;
yard, basement; $25. 639 Minna St., key at 627.
NINTH. 241— Modern' bay-window flat' 4 rooms
and bath; $15.
PAGE. 434, near Webster— sunny rooms, bath,
furnished or unfurnished; Inquire 9 to 12.
PINE. 1228, . near Hyde— Flat of 6 sunny rooms
and bath; low rent to responsible tenant.
STEINER, 207, near Haight— Flat of 5 rooms
and bath; rent reduced.
SUNNY flat, 6 rooms; modern Improvements;
rent cheap. 631 Thirteenth st., corner Market.
SUNNY upper and lower fiats, 5 and -6 rooms;
modern improvements. 1526-IS3O Ellis st.
SUNNY top flat, 4 rooms. 123 Ivy aye., near
Mechanics' Pavilion.
VALENCIA, 469 and 481, cor. Sixteenth— rooms
and bath; rent $16 and $22: choice; investigate.
6 ROOMS and bath; all modern Improvements.
726 Mi Turk Bt. ,
$12 — SUNNY rooms and bath; all Improve-
ments. 44 Lexington aye., nr. Eighteenth st.
$15 PER month: flat 5 rooms. 724 Harrison St.,
between Third and Fourth.
$17—6 SUNNY rooms and bath. 28% Washing-
ton aye., off Mission st., near Ninth.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ELLIS, 632 — sunny unfurnished rooms. Call
1 to 4.
FIFTH, 34S — Suite of rooms furnished for
housekeeping; rent cheap.
FIRST, 28—3 front sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; $12 per month.
FURNISHED rooms for housekeeping. 114 '
Eleventh st.. in store.
GOLDEN GATE. 625—2 back sunny rooms, fur-
nished complete for housekeeping.
HOWARD, 1125%— Sunny front suite for house-
keeping; water; stoves; bath; rent $10 and
$12.
IVY AYE.. 315^4, near Hayes and Franklin—
Sunny furnished bedroom and kitchen; . $10;
adults.
LARKIN. 433— Nicely furnished bay-window
housekeeping rooms; rent reasonable.
LARKIN, 613— Two or three neatly furnished
sunny rooms; kitchen; complete housekeeping.
MARKET. 1032, opp. Fifth— One. two or three
rooms, connected; terms very reasonable.
McALLISTER. 422—2 or 3 nirnished rooms for
housekeeping; gas stove; bath.
McALLISTER, 1046— Modern gunny furnished
floor, 4 rooms; exclusive bath; private; $20.
MISSION, 947—2 furnished housekeeping rooms.
MISSION, 1524—2 large sunny rooms for house-
keeping; also single rooms.
NINTH, 20— Sunny connecting rooms, stove,
water, gas; $11; bay-window rm; ktch.; $9.
POINT LOBOS aye., 1819—2 large sunny rooms
and kitchen, furnished for housekpg; cheap.
POLK. 607— Nice large bay-window front room,
kitchen; complete for housekeeping; $10 mo.
SACRAMENTO, 1365— Three rooms; separate
entrance; rent $7; large yard.
SCOTT, 118—2 large sunny connecting rooms,
partly furnished; alcove, gas, bath.
NINETEENTH. 4059, near Castro— Single lady
wants a small family to take part of un-
. furnished ■ flat.
PINE, 1335—2 connecting rooms for housekeep-
ing; bath; $3 a week. .
SIXTH, 221— Furnished rooms for light house-
keeping; also others.
SOUTH PARK, 184 — sunn^v rooms, complete
a for housekeeping; $10 50 per month.
SUTTER, 506— Nice sunny front rooms; reason-
able. . - ■ ■■ .
THIRD, 809—2 front rooms furnished for house-
keeping, $2 week: other rooms; reasonable.
THIRTEENTH. 189, corner of Howard—
furnished suite of rooms complete for house-
keeping: reasonable. : '.
TURK, 126—2 unfurnished sunny rooms: closet
and water; for housekeeping; no children.;
TURK, 539 — rooms for housekeeping; ,or sin-
gle: from $6 up. <* 
TURK, — Nicely furnished sunny rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; gas; bath; $15. \'■
VAN NESS AYE., 1021 — Parlor suite with
kitchen; gas range; sun all day. ■-■...-.
WASHINGTON,: 1026H— 3 unfurnished front
rooms for housekeeping. •-.-.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ; ROOMS.
SUNNY furnished or unfurnished housekeeping
rooms; new plumbing. 1453 Broadway.
~~~ , storage:. :
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co. ;
■ office,' Tenth and Market; telephone South 166.
FURNITURE, : trunks, 1 etc. - Golden West Stor-
age warehouse, 840 Mission et. ; tel. Mint 188 L
ROOMS TO LET.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton St.; trunks
moved to any part of city, 25c; tel. Main 41).
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
6unny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT 609 Hyde, Sutter 715-717-719, S29Vs and Mason
407 — Choice, sunny; reasonable; investigate.
AT 242 Stockton— Sunny rooms; pretty view;
quiet house; baths; gas; very reasonable.
AT The Keystone, U2 Taylor; new throughout;
elegant sunny rooms; good board day or mo.
AT The Randolph, 501 Post— Single rooms, bay-
window parlors and suites, $1 50 to $4 week.
BUSH, 1028— Elegantly furnished rooms; with
bath; en suite or single; gentlemen only.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms. ; $S, $10 mo.
ELLIS. 418 (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
rooms and suites for gents, $1 50 to $8 week.
FIFTH, 107 -- Pleasant sunny unfurnished
rooms to let.
FOLSOM. $20. near Fourth— sl a week and up;
sunny furnished rooms.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms; suites or single. MRS. H. HYEK.
GLOBE House, s:i Howard— Per night, 25c to
$1; week, $1 to $4; reading room; Howard cars.
GOLDEN GATE AYE.. 727— Handsomely fur-
nished front room; running water; fire grate;
private family; reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN, S. E. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HAIGHT, 822— Front sunny hall room for gen-
tlemen.
HARRISON, 784 ,4. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms; bath; all conveniences;
quiet home; $1 a week.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 f.O to $6 per week.
HOWARD, G24— A nice double room to rent;
suitable for 2.
HOWARD, 935^ (New Philadelphia)— All new;
sunny rooms; gas; baths free; lowest rates.
HOWARD. ISO 6, corner Fourteenth— 3 sunny
front rooms; rent $8.
JONES, 207— Nicely furnished suites and single
rooms reasonable; gas, water, bath; central.
LARKIN, 707- Bunny handsomely furnished
front rooms; bath: private family.
LAKKIN. 1200, opp. Lurline Baths; sunny
rooms $4 up; also housekeeping rooms.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary, door above Van Ness-
Suites, single rooms; newly furnished.
McAllister, mi Ni-> frr.ni suite; also front
single room; bath; gas; private family.
MINNA, GG7. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week.
O'FARRHLL, 271— New management, new fur-
niture; elegantly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms; bath and gas; rent reasonable.
i'DST. KL'2- Sunny suit.- or single rooms; first
class In every respect. MRS. M. SCHULZ.
POWELL. 207— Changed hands; furnished sunny
rooms, single or en s>ulte; cheap; $1 2;'< upward.
POWELL, 317—2 bands mely furnished single
rooms; top floor; reasonable.
SECOND, 52— Nice single, double and light
housekpg rms; week, $1 to $2 50; day, 25 to soc.
SEVENTH, 192, near Howard (Girard House)—
Sunny rooms; reasonable; also housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
! SILVER STATE House, 18-18 Mason st.— Fur-
nished rooms; single, SI 50 to $3 a week;
suites, ?4 to $5; baths; elevator; electric
lights; hot and cold water: transients solic-
■ restaurant MRS. J. CJALE, Proprietor.
sixth. 136 Under new management; single
room and en suite; also light housekeeping.
STEVENS* '". tp sunny furnished front
rooms: single or double.
THE New Grand House, 246 Third fit.— lso fur-
nished rooms from $1 to $4 per week or from
$3 to' $15 month: reading-rooms. A. T.
VATSBI, Proprietor.
TURK, 126-Ni^e small pleasant room suitable
for gentleman, $5 per month.
TURK :': v \ Sar.ny suite of - small rooms;
gas and bath.
TURK, 405— Front sunny furnished rooms, $6
up; bath.
TURK, 1334— Large sunny front room, suitable
for 2; $8.
TU i:.\ TV-SIXTH. 3387— Newly furnished room;
also one unfurnished.
WESTERN Addition,— 2 sunny unfurnished
front rooms and bath: desirable location:
suitable for 2. no children. Hox 4490, Call.
3, 4 OR 5 spleijilid established dressmaking par-
lors; half rent; other business. 103 Larkln st.,
corner Grove; Inquire Murphy, manager.
ROOMS A.D HOARD.
BOARD for gentleman, lady or married couple;
private home; Mission warm belt; cheap;
large yard; flowers, porches. Box 49. Call.
BUSH, 81S— First-class room and board, every-
thing tho very latest; running water; na.c;
bath; telephone; down town; no car fare.
ELLIS, 51S— 2 sunny alcove rooms, with board.
FOLSOM. r.ll Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
HYDE, 299, Salisbury— Changed hands; thor-
oughly renovated; pleasant sunny rooms with
first-class board; beautiful grounds; quiet,
homelike; reasonable.
SOUTH PARK. I -ihlo board, $3 per
week; with nice sunny front room, $4 week.
THH ORIEL — New elegantly furnished, sunny
Market-in, suites, with board for 2, 140 per
month; single rooms accordingly.
VAN NESS, S'lB— Sunny newly furnished ro.'ms;
electric lights: bath: with board: moderate.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
WIDOW would board 1 or 2 small children
or infant. 3279 Seventeenth St., near Mission.
JESSIE, ?3t»— Good home for infant or 1 or 1
children: own cow; mother's care: references.
STORES TO LET.
HOWARD, 1802. corner Fourteenth— Store, 2
living rooms, suitable for barber; rent cheap.
PART of hair dressing store; millinery pre-
ferred; reasonable. 1704 Market st., opp. 10th.
$11— STORE and fixtures; 3 light living rooms;
kitchen nd.ions store. 1008 Natoma. nr. 11th.
OFFICES TO LET.
ATTENTION doctors, dentists, dressmakers.
713 Sutter st.. very choice work room or lab-
ratory; 13x37 feet.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English Viranches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; 'JO teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue.
AT the School of Elocution and Expression,
flirt floor over the Alcazar Theater; summer
term begins this month: for teachers and
students; 1 to 5 p. m. dally. MRS. MAY
JOSEPHI-kin<\ui\ Principal.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st. ;
Individual Instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship. ISO; low rates per week and month.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course In Tarr's counting-room makes you
thorough. Room 672. 8.15 Market st.
UNIVERSITY coach— Newel Perry, Ph. 8., Fel-
low In Mathematics. U. C. 2407 S. Atherton,
nr. Charming way. Berkeley; write for circular.
ENGINEERING School; civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit.; day & eve.;
est 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
SHORTHAND taught In 1 month; references;
private lessons; terms $10. 712 Van Ness aye.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free.
LOST.
$5 REWARD— Lost, a purse containing $30, the
savings of a poor woman. Return to 2051
Fifteenth st.
LOST — Locket containing lady's picture; lib-
eral reward. 307 First st.
LOST — Pass-book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of JOHANNA CROWLEY; No. 94.431—
2.051.288. Finder will please return to bank.
FOUND.
FOUND— June 23, small bay mare. Inquire
Armour Hotel, Baden.
HORSES.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
cartß, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 527 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
2 HORSES for sale cheap; good for camping.
Apply corner Twenty-ninth st. and San Jose
avenue.
10 CAMPING horses cheap; wagons and har-
ness auction every Tuesday. 721 Howard st.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy; also 1 hack. 828 Harrison st.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co., 211 Larkln, opp. City Hall.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
VALUABLE piece improved city property;
great prospective, value: trade for lots.
HOOKER & LENT, 14 Post St.
BARGAIN— 2 choice central flats; part cash.
'all 1 to 4. cv, Hyde st.
COUNTRY UKAL ESTATE.
FOR Sale — 10 acres, well improved, with new
buildings, large orchard; 1 mile from station;
3 miles to Stanford University. For par-
ticulars apply P. O. box 13i), Redwood City.
No agent.
PROPERTY TO EXCHAIMGB.
I GREAT saariflce; 20 acres good Sonoma County
land, improved; 4-room house, barn, chicken-
houses; 2 horses; full line farming imple-
ments; 6 acres vines; balance corn and
beans; good road; near station; will ex-
change for city property; or *SOU cash, balance
easy terms. Address J. JENSEN, 15S Third.
TO exchange — Cor. grocery and saloon with liv-
ing rooms; I own ■ --".ling; for ranch in So-
i noma County. See owner at 651 Mission st.
1 ii —i
MONEY TO LOA2*.
' HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
j tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
! elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
| Store, 948 Market st. ;• tel. Green 204.
| LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions; no delays: J.
NOON AN. 1017 to 1023 Mission *t., above
I Sixth; telephone South 14.
'■ ANY amount at 6^4 per cent on real estate; 2d
I and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate, furniture without removal. R. Mc-
COLGAN, 24 Montgomery st., room 3.
ON furniture, plar.os, city or Oakland; no re-
moval: lo* rates; no commission: $25 up;
1 rtvate party. BONNELLI, 120 Powell St.
ON pianos, furniture; no removal; lowest rates;
no commission: private. 116 McAllister st.
$100,000 TO loan on Income city property; $10.-
000 on furniture. G. W. OWEN, 1405 Call bldg.
ANY sum, Ist or 2d mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, etc. Room 7, 608 California st.
$CO.TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country; any sum; Ist and 2d mort-
gayes. estates, etc. MrRPHY. 62S Market St.
MEDICAL.
ATA, Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; seif-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 59 McAllister
Ft.; pills, $1; very strong, $2; cure, $5.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly Irregularities (from whatever cause)
In a few hours; safe and sure at all times
wh.-n others have failed; no instruments used;
travelers helped at once: home in confine-
ment; every case guaranteed: consultation
free and confidential; self cure, $5; pills $1.
MRS. DR WYETH, 20S Turk et.. near Jones.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects; taken lv time it aUo acts as a pre-
ventive: pri^e, $1 50 per box, sent free by
mail on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 33
Grant aye., S. F. A Caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
NEW process for female trouble; no matter
from what cause; no medicine or instru-
ments used; restores in one day without fall:
every woman her own physician; away dis-
grace: consultation free: can be sent and used
at home; pills and capsules, $1: cure, $5; by
the well known DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities frum what-
ever cause: no Instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office, $5; travelers helped instantly;
home In confinement; consult free; hours 10 to
5, 7 to S. DR. and MRS. KOHL, 1122 Market.
DR. and MRS. WEOENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye , private home in confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attendance; terms
moderate; infants adopted into good homes.
A BOON to wives and mothers — Seguro; price,
$150; RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay St.; send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., 531 X st., Sacramento, Cai.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland, Cai.
DR HALT.. 3 McAllister Bt. ; diseases of
women and children.
Mil? Ait' HARD, midwife; home jr. confine-
ment; confinement alone, $5. 156 Second st.
_h_NTISTS.
A FT'LL set of teeth. $.";; see new flexible
i'hnes: light and thin: warranted 10 years:
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 £0; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 21 Sixth st.; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. LUDLIM HILL, M_ Market st., nr. 11th;
no charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LXX.X. genuine I.'-ek dent-
iM, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without plcUe, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth, $.1 up; fillings, 25c up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
ings. 997 Market st.. COT, Sixth.
NEW YORK methods at New York prices by
New York dentists. Sixth and Mission sts.
L. A. T_AOJTT_, A. CANE and F. TEAOUE,
removed to Call bldg., 6th floor, rms. 603-007.
all work reasonable and warranted. DR J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market st.
BET Of teeth WithO-t a plate. PR. H. C.
V' 'VVfi. 1»41 Polk st.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
A FINR Martin Concert size guitar for $23,
worth $4".; a fine "Conn" B flat coriut for
one-third it? value, $12. UNCLE HARRIS,
15 Grant aye.
EXCHANGE— Thoroughbred mare for type-
writer or tandem. Ohio Dental Parlors, 719
Market st.
FOR Sale— Cheap; IODftOO brick, 40,000 feet of
lumber. Apply at bfcildlng cor. Powell and
Bush sts.
A NO. 1 fresh Durham cow; rich milk; 20 quarts
day; gentle. 1312 Folsom str.
: sale— Branch bakery and notion store.
1209 Devlsadero st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, show cases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOON AN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission st., above Sixth.
GAS fixtures very low; large assortment; 1
and 2 bcv.i barter washstancls, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIHT, 623 Golden Gate aye.
GRAPHOPHONES. $10; Records, $3 per doz.;
Projectoscope, {100. liacicalupl, MS-MI Mrkt.
2 BARBER Chain for sale; only $15. 41 Third
st.. pawn otSoe.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl
goods; new, 2d-hand. Smith Co.. 527 Mission.
BOILER, engines, tools, metals, electrical
goods. WHITE'S, 514-516-518 Mission St.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. So. 787.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, Fremont _ Howard.
SAFES— New and second-hand; cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc. 633 Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
BARS, show cases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Sevent
SEWING MACHIXRS.
AUTOMATIC. Domestic, Singer and White
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing, lowest rates. 205 Fourth St.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
i ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
\V. W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st.
ALL private law cases, insolvency, collections,
tree advice; open cv. Atty McCabe, 103 Larkln.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free on all legal matters. T. F.
STACK. 14 McAllister St.. room 64.
CHIKOPODISTS.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, expert chiropodist; electric
treatment for corns and bunions. 204 Sutter, r. 4.
Li_GAL NOTICES.
THE Pacific Heberew Orphan Asylum and
Home fiocWtv hereby give notice that they
have admitted into the orphanage from Janu-
ary 1, JRfIS. to June 30, 1898. the following
named orphans and half orphans, boys and
girls, viz. : Ada Hoffman, aged 10 years 7
months; Hyman Hoffman, aged 5 years 7
months; Solomon Meyers, aged 4 years 2
months; Phyllis Scharff, aged 8 years 10
months; Claudio Scharff, aged 7 years 3
months; Rebecca Kuhn. aged 10 years 11
months; Stella Kuhn. aged 9 years 10 months:
Samuel Kuhn, aged 6 years; Meyer
Kuhn, aged 3 years 9 months; May Lewis,
aged 9 years 4 months: Hattie Baer. aged 14
years 3 months; Bertha Baer, aged 10 years;
Moses Baer, aged 10 years; Max Baer, aged 8
years 9 months: Edward Levy, aged 4 veirs
8 months: Joseph Cahn, aged 11 years <
months, and Leo Caho, aged 6 years.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
ONLY $600— of 4 rooms; lot 25x115; I
blocks from Market-st. Station. W. P. RYAN,
960 Seventh st., Oakland.
J. CALLAGHAN. real estate dealer, notary
public: property looked after. 814 Broadway
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
RESIDENCE; 9 rooms; bath; barn; large lawn:
■ tennis court; conservatory: rent cheap; cen-
tral; BS9 24th St.. nr. Grove. Apply owner, R.
FRANK. Oakland Pickle Fact.. 1622 Grove.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
FINE sunny suite: also sunny single room: va-
cant June 1. THE LJRNF3. Sf.2 Eighth »t.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE «>- 1 household goods this week.
SCHELLHAAS' old store 403 Eleventh «t.
OAKLAND MERCHANT TAILORS.
SUITS made to order on Installments; $1 week.
Boston Woolen Mills, 920 Broadway, Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE!.
$600— 30x125; elegant location; street work
done. $1500 — New 5-room cottage on Grand st.
2 blocks from Grand st. station. $3000— Elegant
new colonial cottage, 7 rooms and bath:
Chestnut st. station; easy terms. $6000— Fine
7-room cottage; modern in every way; lot 50
xloO: stable, etc.; Morton st. station; will
exchange for San Francisco property. Bar»
gains 4n all parts of Alameda. Alameda Land
Co., 1500 Park St., Alameda, _______
9-ROOM house and stable; % block Willow
Station; easy terms. Address box 140. Call.
WILL build modern 6-room house on a nice
lot, good location; only $1600; terms. Apply
to owner. J. H. YOUNG, 1243 Park, Alameda.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for fl SO, postage
free. _______
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
ALAMEDA— let or exchange, a fine home
of 9 rooms, attic, basement; gas and elec-
tric lights throughout; all modern conve-
niences; rent $50 pfr month. 1439 Morton St.,
■near Morton-st. station, narrow guage.
FINE 6-room cottage, $16; 5-room cottage, with
water, $15. J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park st.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
WILL build house on easy payments one block
south of University of California, Berkeley,
on lot Improved already with choice flow-
ers, trees, etc. Address, M. L. W^URTS,
Wurts' block, Broadway and Seventeenth St.,
Oakland.
$2200— 8- ROOM house, 1 block from station; lot
60x137; constantly rented. $22; great bargain.
FREESE & CODINGTON. 2119 Stanford
) place, opposite Berkeley Station.
I ■
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELIi, office and residence,
1206 Market; diseases of women a specialty.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be
i handed in at either of the publication offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence of
persons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
FOORMAN— 26, IS9S, to the wife of I. 8.
Foorman, a daughter.
MYERS— In this city, June 26, :898, to the wife
of Rabbi Isidore Myers, a son; . ;■■■■ es
DIED.
Burr, Annie Kuester, Louis D.
Counlhan, John F. Lampe, Peter N. E.
Cain, Bridget Linker, George
Connors, William McDonald, Andrew
Freuler. Ge - trade W. Powers, John
Grady, Thomas Read, George
Kruse, Peter F. Soule, Maria L.
Wise, Bertha
BURR— In this ciey, June 26, 1898, Annie, be-
loved mother of Charles H. Burr, a native of
County Leitrim, Ireland, aged 62 years.
Its"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her son, 56 Lundy lane- oetween Twenty-
eighth and Twenty-ninth streets, Bernal
Heights, thence to St. Paul's Church, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
COUNIHAN— anniversary requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of the soul
of the late John F. Counihan in St. Charles
Borromed Church, corner Eighteenth and
Shotwell streets, this day (Monday), at 9
o'clock. Friends and acquaintances are re-
i spectfully invited to attend.
CAIN— In this city, June 26, 1898, Bridget, be-
loved wife of James Cain, a native of the
; irish of Ballymana, County Galway, Ire-
land, aged 65 years.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 222 Shipley street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencinz at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
CONNORS— this city, June 26, ISPS, Wil-
liam, brother of Thomas and Mollle Connors
of San Diego, Cal., a native of. Canada, aged
05 years.
[^Remains at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., :,■- Mission street.
FREULER— In North Oakland, June 24, 1898,
Gertrude W., daughter of John and Amelia
Freuler, and sister of Florence, Clara, Ar-
thur, Grace, Herbert, Beatrice, Olivia and
Alice Freuler. a native of San Francisco,
aged 20 years 7 months and 13 days.
E7Fftenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from ShatMick-avenue
M. E. Church, opposite Bushrod Park. North
Oakland. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery. Please omit flowers.
GRADT— In this city. June X, IS.IS. Thomas,
beloved father of Li«i~.' Maggie and Mamie
Grady, and brother o Patrick Grady, Mrs.
J. Hines and Mrs. B. .-* va. a native of Ire-
land, aged 43 years.
KRUSE— In this city. June 2"., IS9S. Peter F.,
dearly beloved husband of Mary Kruse. and
father of Lizzie, Lillie. Fred and Dora
Kruse, a native of Vallecito, Calaveras
County, Cal., aged _ years 5 months and 21
days. A member of Gambrinus Verein.
|Lt The funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 910 Poison street, between Fifth and
Sixth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
KUESTER— In this city. June 25, 1898, Louis
D., beloved father of Andrew Kuester and
Mrs. L. Greeninger, a native of Germany,
aged 67 years.
C?" Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Tuesday), at 2
o'clock, from the funeral parlors of Porter _
White, 122 Eddy street. Members of Valley
'. Lodge No. 30, A. O. U. W.. are Invited to at-
tend. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LAMPE— In this city. June 25 189S, Peter N.
E., dearly beloved huband of Emma Lampe,
father of Hattie and Willie Lampe, and '
brother of Emtl Lampe, a native of Holstein,
Germany, aged 45 years 8 months and 1 day.
Grand secretary of the Order of Hermann's
Sons of California, and member of San Fran-
cisco Lodge No. 1, O. d. H. S., and Germanla
Lodge No. 1718, K. of H.
|C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow.
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2018 Folsom street, between Sixteenth
and Seventeenth, thence to Druids' Hall, 412
Putter street, where funeral services will be .
held under the auspices of the Grand Lodge
of Hermann's Sons, commencing at 2 o'clock.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
LINKER— In the City and County Hospital,
June 26, 1898, George Linker, a native of Ger-
many, aged 68 year*.
McDONALD— this' city, June 26. 1898, An-
drew Broder, only child of Angus R. and the
late Mary H. McDonald, a native of Shasta,
Cai., aged 4 years 10 months and 16 days. •
POWERS — In Wheatland, Cal., John Powers,
a native of Kilkenny, Ireland, aged 69 years.
READ— In this city, June 26, 1898, George, be-
loved and eldest son of George and Alice .
Read, and brother of Rosa, John and Alfred
Read, a native of San Francisco, aged 22
years and 20 days.
SOULE— In this city. June 24. 1898, Maria I_
Soule, a native of Boston, Mass.
IT^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the : funeral this day.
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence, 2208 Grove street. Interment I. O. O.
F. Cemetery. . .
WISE— this city, June 25, IS9S, Bertha,
widow of the late Meyer Wise, and mother
of I. H.. Willie and Alex A. Wise and Mrs.
M. Rosenbaum and Mrs. L. I. Ostrolke, a na-
tive of Kempen, Prussia, aged 60 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day .
(Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, from 426 Frank-
lin street. Interment Hills of Eternity Ceme-
tery, by ; 11:30 o'clock train from Third and
Townsend streets.
IMcAVOY 6- GALLAGHER.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS _ _MBA_.MEBJ
•'"•"" >0 *_TTH ST., Opp. Lincoln So_>»l.
Telephone, South 80.
I- H. B. m'avot. Manager. |
mcAVOY & CO.. •■ I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEB* _
1234 Market St., between Bth and 9th. I
Telephone, South 247. : ' ."■ |
910
TROOPS MARCH TO THE SHIPS.
FLEET AWAITS SIGNAL TO SAIL
MAY SAIL AT NOON TO=DAY.
Three transports of the third Manila expedition — Indiana, Mor
gan City and Ohio — are in the stream ready to sail, and they will be
joined to-day by the City of Para and the Valencia. No orders
were issued up to a late hour last night changing the time of the
sailing of the fleet, which was set for to-day, and it is probable the
vessels will get under way about noon.
The Newport will sail on Wednesday.
AGAIX have the streets of San I
Francisco echoed with the tramp I
of armed hosts moving to the
front, and again the populace
has been called upon to bid fare
well to eons, brothers or sweethearts,
for union- the men who went forth to
battle yesterday were hundreds of the
youth of the Golden City who have
Joined the regular organizations.
While thf scenes that marked the de
parture of the first flotilla bearing to
the < ']d World the first offering <>f San
Francisco to the nation were not du
plicated, the manifestations were far
more fervent than those which gTeeted
the members of the second expedition
as they marched to their transports.
Then there was shown merely that
patriotic fervor untinctured with that
Btronger feeling of kinship which made
the cheers of yest> rday tremble in the
throats of the multitudes and tug at
the heartstrings.
The glow of the new born Sabbath
was still struggling to pierce the thick
pray canopy that swept in from the
ocean when the vanguard of the army
of sightseers invaded Camp Merritt.
But early as it was all was bustle in
the quarters « f the Idaho, the Wyom
ing, the Minnesota and the regular
troops. Tn some of the latter, notably
the Eighteenth and Twenty-third In
fantry, the wall tents of those corn-
SOLDIERS SAID FAREWELL, THEN MARCHED ABOARD THE TRANSPORTS
panics selected for the third expedi
tion had been taken down and packed
the night before, and in their stead
Btood the tiny shelter tents — looking for i
all the world like a fairy ramp. In ;
the others the canvas still remained In
place, but all other camp equipage i
was packed and ready for transporta- I
tion. The men had breakfasted long ■,
before, and aside from puttinar the fin- |
ishing touches to their knapsacks and
haversacks, were ready for the signal
which would send the fragile homesj
lettering to the ground.
Thicker grew the fog with the aging
of the morning, and each minute added
to the crowds. The spirits of the ones
who deemed themselves fortunate in
being selected for the expedition grew
in proportion while a corresponding de
pression seized those who were to re
main behind, which was not lightened
perceptibly by the half-taunting Jests
of the others. Guard mount at 9 o'clock
furnished ' -'ef diversion f thecrcwds,
but that was soon over, and then came
a dreary, shivering wait of two hours.
Now and then the noteß of a bugle
would penetrate the somber canopy,
and the cry would go up that tin
troops were moving, but they con
tinued in their places until the appoint
ed hour. When, finally, they did start
there was a rush of soldiers and civil
ians. The boys in blue who must wait
yet awhile before ihey can hope for
deeds of valor forgot their envy and
led the cheering as each battalion
Bwung out of First avenue into Point
Lobos, and cast a most regretful fare
veil glance at Camp Merritt.
The bands ' -°& their liveliest quick
steps, the soldiers stepped proudly and
Jubilantly, and accompanied by a
shouting mob of people, reeled off block
after block without sign of fatigue un
til the heart of the city was reached.
Van Ness and Golden Gate avenues
and Market street were filled as they
seldom have been filled before. Flags
waved in countless thousands, while the
cheering was as continuous as the
roar of battlr\
Each command had its following
■which trudged patriotically on to the
Mail dock, to Pacific-street wharf or
Lombard street, according to the desti
nation* of the troops, and not content
choked East street for hours, and only
abstained from overflowing 1 the docks
through the efforts of the police.
With the exception of the Valencia,
all the transports were ready to receive
their passengers, and the troops em
barked with little delay as compared
with previous embarkations, though
ample tim* was given the men to par
take of the farewell hospitality of the
Red Cross Society.
FOLDED THEIR TENTS
AND MARCHED AWAY
The Third Detachment of Troops
Leaves Camp and Embarks
on the Transports.
In accordance with the orders Issued
on Saturday afternoon by Major ileneral
Otis the third expedition to Manila
marched from Camp Blerritt at 11 o'clock
yesterday morning. In the blue column
that so proudly tramped away to the
cheers of their comrades and the music
of the bands were nearly 4-»>" brave men.
The scenes of the departure of the troops
yesterday were the same as those attend
ant upon the leaving of the second ex
pedition, with the exception that all of
the baggage was gotten away from camp
in advance of the men, and that the
camps were policed and put in good con
dition by the soldiers before they left.
It was exactly 8 o'clock when the troops
to leave, began to break camp, and a
half an hour later the tents were all
down, rolled up and loaded on the wagons
along with the other baggago.
Just a quarter of an hour before the
time set for the troops to march the as
sembly began to sound and the men
quickly fell into ranks. The two bat
talions of the Idlaho troops were the first
to get away. At their head rode their
white-haired chief Colonel Jones. Be
hind the colonel rode Major Met lonville,
commanding the second battalion.
The Thirteenth Minnesota Regiment,
with Colonel Reeve and his stan; at its
head, and with its band awakening the
echoes of the crowd by its martial strains
and its colors waving proudly in the
morning breeze, was the next to file from
its camp and take up the line of march.
I 'own First avenue they went amid a
thunder of good bys and farewells. They
marched iike veterans. They looked like
veterans. No wonder those "boys are the
pride of their State.
Major Foote was next to lead that
brave but little band of warriors that
hails from Wyoming. They followed the
Thirteenth Minnesota, and there was
something about the way they marched
and in the look upon their faces that
seemed to say that they would be in at
th<- tinisb. Brigadier General Otis and
Governor Richards of Wyoming also ac
companied the battalion. They rode with
Major Foote at the head of the men.
The battalion of the Twenty-third In
fantry, under Colonel Ovenstnne, came
down Third avenue and then turned into
Point Ix>bos. They were warmly cheered
all along the line as they marched from
camp, and time and time again Colonel
Ovenshine was forced tosaiute the crowd,
so true and genuine were the manifesta
tions of high r< gard for the ofllcers and
men of the Twenty-third. The Signal
Corps and the Corps of Engineers were
the last to leave <'amp Merritt, but they
were accorded as enthusiastic a send-off
as any of the troops that had preceeded
them.
Along Point L,obos avenue they marched
'tween lines of cheering thousands, colors
flashing and kerchiefs waving from every
window and housetop, a rain of blossoma
and a wealth of heartfelt Kood-bys.
Across by Centrnl Rvenue to the hard,
smooth pavement of Post street, down to
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 27, 1898.
Webster, across town and out to Market
by Golden Gate avenue they found their
way, each step taking them farther from
the shales aaid uneasy sands of Rich
mond aril nearer to the boats in the sea—
their hope by day and their dreams by
night through all the weeks that they
have spent in camp.
From Golden Gate avenue to Third
street Market Btreet traffic was at a
standstill. The dense crowd 'that had
gathered blocked the roadway and side
walks save the narrow strip down whicn
the soldiers marched. It was a big-heart
ed and spontaneous farewell; a piedge.
that these boys who had come into
Western hospitality, strangers, were go
ing beyond its reach as friends, and thai
they will be watched and waited for with
ail the fervor of the fresher ties.
At Third and Market the different com
mands separated and marched to their
respective boats, the Mlnnesotans filed
dr.'.vn Third street to the Mail dock, and
the Idaho, Wyoming and regular detarn
ments continued on to the ferry, where
they wheeled to the right or to the left to
the boats that had been de-signaled to
carry them.
FILED QUIETLY ABOARD.
Idaho's Volunteers and Two
Battalions of Regulars on
the Transports.
The first troops of the third Manila ex
pedition t<> reach the Pacific-street whan
-lay to go on board the transports
Morgan City and Indiana were the two
battalions of the First Idaho Volunteers.
It was about 12:30 p. in. when they
reached the grates of the dock, and it was
with some difficulty that the police cleared
the way through the dense crowd for
thrm to enter the building. Forming
into singie Hie each company passed up
the Morgan City's gangway, and soon all
of the Idaho men were on board. In the
course of an hour every man was as
signed to his bunk, and releasing them
selves from the sixty-pound knapsacks
they scattered about the vessel to take
a r.pr after their hard walk from Camp
M» rritt over the rough stone pavements.
Thej were soon followed by a detach
ment of recruits for the First Nebraska
Regiment, now on the way to Manila with
the second expedition. This made up the
complement of the Morgan City. All the
men were marched on board promptly
and systematically, and in good order.
The same methods were pursued with
equal su< cess In embarking the men on
the [ndiana, to which w< re assigned one
battalion of the Eighteenth United state;,
Infantry, one battalion of the Twenty
third United States Infantry, the signal
corps and .1 detachment of engineers.
The quarters of the men are very con
itly arranged, anil in all probability,
barring some little seasickness, they will
have a pleasant voyage. All the troops
assigned to the Morgan City and the ln
dlana were on board by 2 o'clock.
The signal corps, consisting of iifty-fiv«
men, presented a line appearance as they
went on shipboard, and it was evident
that Major Thompson, who is in com
mand and was closely observing them,
was very proud of the showing that they
made. They are well equipped, and are
armed with the best carbines. After
reaching Manila they are to be provided
with horse?. This signal corps is mostly
made up of expert telegraph operators
and electricians, and arc all young ana
with intelligence far above the aver
age.
The ladies of the Red Cross were 011
hand well prepared for their work, al
though they did not learn until quite late
in the morning that the men were to em
bark on Sunday. When this fact be
came known, however, there was a lively
hustling along the llnf-. and detachments
of the Red Cross reached the docks in
time to serve the men with lunches and
coffee, which were greatly appreciated.
Those lunches were all home made, and
were put up in separate paper packagi s,
and consisted of two meat sandwiches,
a hard-boiled egg, cheese, cakes ana
doughnuts, and an orange or an appln.
St. Luke's Episcopal Church sent 1200
sandwiches; the First Presbyterian, 1000;
Temple Emanu-El, 1200, and San Rafael,
500. Mrs. Robert McKenzie arid assist
ants had charge of the Morgan City, and
Mrs. George Buckingham and Mrs. L. F.
Monteagle and assistants attended to the
wants of the troops on the Indiana.
The ladies of the Red Cross presented
to each soldier a pencil and a postal card
with which to write a farewell message.
Each soldier was also handed a fan, and
a useful little folder giving hints in the
caro of the health in the tropics.
Brigadier General Mac Arthur, com
manding this expedition, sails on the In
diana, which, therefore, is the flagship
of the fleet. This morning General vac-
Arthur will call on Major General Merriti
to receive his final instructions and sail
ing orders.
It is the intention to have the fleet sail
to-day.
ABOARD THE PARA.
Minnesota Soldiers File Aboard
the Transport and Make
Themselves at Home.
At the Mail dock the City of Para waa
not ready to go Into the stream when the
soldiers marched aboard. Saturday night
orders were given to Captain Zeeder to
have steam up and be ready to drop into
the stream at noon on Monday. Yester
day orders were given to get steam up at
once, and the firemen were promptly set
to work. It takes from fourteen to eight
een hours to get steam on the City of
Para, so it would be late last night or
early to-day before she could move from
her dock.
An enormous crowd followed the Min
nesota boys to the Mail Company's
wharf. At the gate, however, they met
with disappointment. The troops nmrch
ed in on the wharf, but a line of police
barred the people out. There was some
hooting, but the. crowd soon settled down
to a patient wait, hoping that when the
soldiers were aboard the transport they
would be allowed down the wharf to get
a last look at them. In this they were
again disappointed, as it was fen red that
a croud on the wharf would cause
trouble.
It was a jolly crowd withal, and many
of them got into rowboats and small
launches and thus made their way by
water to the wharf and gained one more
chance of calling "goud-by" to their
friends on the troop ship. There were no
heart breaking partings as there were on
the occasion of the sailing of the City of
Peking, and the only tears that were
shed were by .^irls who saw the last of
their week-old lovers.
When the soldiers pot down to the
wharf they found that the ship's galleys
were in the same condition as the en
gine rooms. The men were not expected,
and In consequence there were no fires
in the ranges and r.o dinner ready. The
camp cooks got to work, however, and
it did not take them long to prepare a
makeshift meal for the hungry soldiers.
A GAP IN THE CAMP.
The Departure of the Troops
Leaves Several Vacant
Squares in the
Tented Field.
The departure of the third expedition
to Manila from Camp Merritt yesterday
left quite a gap in the fleld of tents. The
Third Battallion of the Eighteenth United
State.: tnfantry is now cammanded by
Major C. R. Paul, and is composed of
Companies I. X, I. and M, while the
Third Battalion of the Twenty-third In
fantry consists of Companies A. I. X and
Mi .ir.d is commanded by Major G. A.
Goodale.
Oscar Kirkland, Company B, First Ten
nessee Regiment, was accidentally shot
through the thigh yesterday by Private
Williamson, Company E, same regiment.
The affair was an accident Williamson
was handling a revolver at the time, and
in some way the weapon was discharged.
Kirkland was taken to the regimental
hospital ami treated.
The five new companies of t"ne Four
teenth I'nlted States infantry will begin
target practice at the Presidio to-day by
thf order of Major Rabe.
Private Harry Pepper, Company I,
Twentieth Kansas, died at the French
Hospital at 2 o'clock yesterday of con
sumption. His remains will be Interred
at tne Presidio to-day.
The recruits from the First Nebrnska
Regiment, 10ti Rtronp. arrived at Camp
Merrltt yesterday under command of
Captain J. X. Kllian.
The unassigned detachments of Batter
ies L and M. Third United States Ar
tillery, went Into camp yesterday near
Major General Otis' hendquarters, under
the command of lieutenant Abernathy.
MARCH AT NOON TO-DAY
Orders for the North Dakota
Volunteers to Go Aboard
the Valencia.
The First North Dakota Rejriment will
break camp at 9 o'clock this morning and
at noon will march to the steamer Va
lencia.
Orders to this effect were received last
evening by Lieutenant Colonel Truman
from Major General Otis.
Lieutenant Colonel Truman has decided
to follow in part the line of march of
yesterday. He will lead his troops from
Point Lobos avenue to Post street via
Central avenue, and will follow Post
street to Market, thence to the ferry.
NOTES OF THE CAMP.
Arrival of a Persistent Patriot
From the Plains of South
Dckota.
- lieutenant French, Company A. First
Montana, has boon djetaHed to the com
mand of Nebraska's recruits. Lieuten
ant French's detail papers confer numer
ous honors other than that of Command
ing officer, namely, adjutant, quartermas
ter and commissary; he Is also his own
staff of clerks.
The organization of the South Dakota
band Is. nearly completed. A full equip
ment of Instruments arrived on Friday.
Mr. Billle Barr. private-to-be of the
First South Dakota, wandered into camp
yesterday footsore and travel-stained
and announced that he had come to stay
ORDERED TO
BREAK CAMP
ON WEDNESDAY
Orders were issued yester
day for the Astor Light Bat
tery and Batteries H and X,
Third United States Artil
lery, to break camp at 10
o'clock on Wednesday morn
ing and go aboard the New
port.
whether he was wanted or not. Barr is
the most persistent patriot that has ap
plied for enlistment. When his present
company left Leak, S. Dak., he followed
them either on foot or per box car to
Sioux Falls, where he arrived too late for
enlistment. The troops came West, and
wandering Barr, not having anything
but a strong inclination to enlist, again
took the cellar berth of a freight train,
and after many vicissitudes made his
way to the coast.
He arrived just in time to fill the place
in South Dakota's already full ranks of
one of the privates who was detailed for
hospital duty in the regular service.
ANCHORED IN THE STREAM
The Ohio, Morgan City and
Indiana Ready to Start
for Manila.
At 6:10 o'clock last evening the Morgan
City and the Indiana cast off their lines
from the Pacific-street dock and pulled
out Into the stream, where they were fol
lowed soon aft or by the Ohio from Lora
bard-street dock.
Last evening George Knmrumpel, of
Company C, Twenty-third .Infantry, was
taken off the Indiana, as it was discovered
thut he was sick with the measles. He
was conveyed to the Harbor Hospital.
DEATH IS SIMPLY
AS ONE VIEWS IT
THE TEACHINGS OF TRUE ODD
FELLOWSHIP.
Friday Night Lodges Eulogize the
Departed — Veteran Association
at the Ceremonies.
Under the auspices of the San Fran
cisco, Apollo and Sargent Lodges, known
as the "Friday Night Lodges," and the
Veteran Odd Fellows' Association, a me
morial service was held in the main hall
of the Odd Fellows' building yesterday
afternoon. There was a fair attendance,
but two unlocked for events diminished
the attendance — the funeral of a member
of the Patriarchs Militant, Cnnton No. 5,
and the absence of more than one hun
dred soldier Odd Fellows who were or
dered to embark on transport ships yes
terday.
After an organ prelude, James Linforth.
P. G., of San Francisco Lodge, opened
the exercises with a brief address in
which he said that the services to be
held were not in the nature of a funeral
event over those who had passed away
in the preceding year, but rather a ser
vice of praise.
After a prayer by Rev. J. N. Beard,
D. D., "Come Ye Disconsolate" was ren
dered by a quartet, after which Past
Grand Master George H. Morrison ad
dressed the assemblage.
He said that for seventy-nine years the
order of Odd Fellowship has been en
gaged in a great work which included
not only the offering of relief, the minis
tration to the sick and the burial of the
dead, but that it had engaged in the
building up of character not only in this
country, but over the entire civilized
world, for wherever there is civilization
Odd Fellowship is known. Shakespeare,
he said, had declared that whatever there
is of good or of ill, Is that wnich you
make it, and so it is with Death, it is
how you view it. The order, said the
speaker teaches that there is no death,
but that it is a sleep, a rest and all shall
rise again, and under that teaching Odd
Fellowship does not look upon death In
a somber light. He then asked why there
should bo sadness because one in this
world, after a long struggle in which he
accomplished good, had. in the fullness
of his days, gone to rest. He thought
that instead there should be rejoicing in
the thought that that one had gone to
sleep, and, as the order teaches, to awak
en and live again in a better world.
This was followed by the singing of
"Angels Ever Bright and Fair," after
which F. A. Jennings, noble grand of No.
3 delivered the eulogies on Robert G.
Kelly, Baldwin Gardner, P. G. ; Oliver B.
Oakley and James Rogers; George Wal
com, P. G. of the lodge, delivered those
on John Haman and J. w. Dodge; James
Linforth. P. G.. those on John A. Smith
and John Ed Cline. P. G.; A. P. Black,
P. G.. on A. F. Knorp. P. G., and Will
iam Davis on Shelah C. "Walker, P. G.
The Knickerbocker quartet then ren
dered "Oh. Where Shall Rest Be Found."
H. W. Patrick of No. 123 being the musical
director.
\y. l-\ Noreross. P. G., then spoke the
eulogies on the following nam^d deceased
members of Apollo Lodge; Joseph Getz,
V G.: William Elliott Miller. Frederick
W. Myer, P. G. ; Henry Lewis King. P. G. ;
William George Gaskins. Fred H. Stanle,
P G • Raymond Ashley Diver, Thomas B.
Holt Edward Fanning Clark. Peter Eric
Schu'ltzberg.
The quartet sang "Rock of Ages, after
which George W. Dixon, P. G., delivered
the eulogy on J. W. Smith of Sargent
Lodge which was followed by the sing
ing of "Shall We Meet Beyond the River"
by the four voices. George H. Morrison,
vice-president of the Veteran Odd Fel
lows, spoke of the deceased members of
that organisation, who were T. J. Robi
<?on W. H. Gardner. Joseph Peirce, John
S Souther. Max Wolfer. J. Henry Apple
gate Fred K. Krauth. Frank Perkins.
The exercises closed with the singing
of "Good Night. I Am Going Home" by
the quartet, the chanting of the hymn
"Abide With Me" by the audience and the
pronouncing of the benediction by Rev.
J. N. Beard. D.D.
SOLDIERS AT SUTSO BATHS.
Aquatic Sports Witnessed by Thou
sands — Chilly Bay at the Park.
Owing to the wind and tog vcstcr-lay
the crowds at the park and on the beach
were not as large as usual. Sheltered
pleasure resorts were unusually popular
in consequence and the attendance at the
Chutes, the Cliff House and Sutra's Baths
was much larger than was expected. The
fact that the weather was inclement was
deplored by the lovers of music and those
who enjoy a day out in the open, but con
ditions could not be altered.
The largest crowd of spectators of the
season visited the baths to witness the
aquatic sports of the soldiers. The races
were very close and exciting and the high
diving made a great hit with the crowd.
■Washington and California volunteers'
races were the most Interesting and fin
ally when they had reached the highest
point of the baths the referee decided to
call it a dead heat between George Wink
ler of Washington and D. le Rue of the
Beventh Regiment of California.
In the fifty-yard race H. Bain of the
Nevada Volunteers was first and C. E.
Stewart second. In the long diving or
undcr-water swimming contest G. Bandy
of the Washington Volunteers was first
and Lee Quint of the same regiment was
second. In the seventy-five-yard race N.
Griffin was first and < . Gord second. In
the 100-yard race of the Fourteenth In
fantry L. Thompson was first and Joe
Lawler second.
Celebrate the Fourth with California
fireworks. Buy direct from makers. Cal
ifornia Fireworks Co., 2.0 Front st. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
COLORED AND BLACK
ELEGANTMJOODS
VERY LOW PRICES.
$4,50 Dress Pattern,
Fancy French Granites, in
New Blues, Grays, Reds,
Navys and Browns.
$6.00 Dress Pattern.
42 -inch French Whip-
cords and Corkscrews,
in all the very latest
shades.
60c. Per Yard,
Black Figured Brilliant-
ines, full 38 inches
wide, in a large variety
of handsome designs.
$9,00 Dress Pattern,
44-- inch Black French
Crepons, in a good va-
riety of new styles.
EXTRA SPECIAL.
Our entire stock of Colored and Black
French Etamines and Canvas Cloths
marked down to about half former
prices.
THE ABOVE GOODS ARE ON EXHIBITION IN
OUR SHOW WINDOWS.
111. 113. 115, 117. 119, 121 POST STREET.
ATJSTRIANS' ANNUAL PICNIC.
A Large Attendance Materially
Swells the Red Cross Society's
Fund.
There was a larpe attendance at the
twentieth annual picnic of the Austrian
Military and Benevolent Society at Ger
mania Gardens yesterday, aud as the pro
ceeds will be turned over to the Red
Cross Society, the big fund will take a
decided jump to-day. On the march to
the grounds the company encountered the
Sixth Regiment of California Volunteers
drilling on Baker street and appropriate
salutes were offered. The Austrian Band
Dlayed the "Red. White and Blue.' and
as the nags of Austria and this country
were dipped, the organization, led by
Captain Ralcevi< li. cheered lustily.
Despite the cold wind the participants
in the celebration had an enjoyable time.
Games dancing and other pastimes were
indulged in and everything passed off
without a hitch. President M. Sabadin,
assisted by J. M. Bussel, L. Milkovitch
and J. Turato. had charge of the gate and
prizes, while N. Megica, M. Ziepar, A. X.
Batchia B. ML Burin acted as a reception
committee. The floor committee con
sisted of M. Radulovich, P. Saulovich and
J. Sincich.
THE NATION'S CELEBRATION.
Literary Exercises, Military Parade,
Fireworks and a Regatta Make
Up the Programme.
It is expected that at the meeting of
the Fourth of July celebration committee
this evening at its headquarters in the
California Hotel all arangements will be
completed for the observance of Inde
pendence Day in a most enthusiastic and
patriotic manner. The literary exercises
will be held in Metropoltan Temple. It
has been decided to have the fireworks
display in the vicinity of the chutes. The
great event of the day. however, will be
the parade, in which about 8500 troops
will participate, together with a full rep
resentation of the Turners, the Red Men,
and perhaps some other societies.
On Sunday, July 3. there will he - re
pntta of three rowing races by m*-Jr,ers
cf the different rowing club? and also a
Whitehall race of the water front boat
men.
Monteith Was Misquoted.
Editor Call: I am quoted In your papei
as saying that the two planks in the
Populist platform should be "smash the
Railroad Commission" and "direct l^Kis
lation." That is an error. What I dia
say to your representative was: "Smash
the railroad machine and secure direct
legislation." In other words, I meant that
the issue should be localized and relate
solely to State and not national Issues,
and that by destroying the political ma
chine of the railroad and securing to
the people the power to exercise direct
control over their officials and their pub
lic acts when necessary. we would ac
complish more in the way of practical
results than anything else. Kindly mak»
the correction, and oblige
GEORGE W. MONTEITH.
Red Men's Jubilee.
A number of representatives of the Im
proved Order of Red Men, composing the
general committee of the Jubilee, met on
i Saturday night at Red Men's Hall on Post
! street to complete arrangements for the
Fourth of July celebration.
The chairman of the various committees
reported satisfactory progress. George
I W. Collins, great senior sagamore of the
order, has been selected to act as floor
manager for the ball to be held on the
night of Fourth of July at Native Sons'
j Hall. The floor and reception committees
were also appointed, composed of one
member from each tribe and council.
The various councils of the Degree of
Pocahontas have resolved to turn out in
carriages in the procession along with
the order.
Against Civil Service.
The Cosmopolitan Republican league
has elected the following delegates to the
Anti-Civil Service convention to be held
next Wednesday at 2 p. m. at B. B. Hall:
Cirilo J. Elorduy, A. M. Oslo, D. Espen
oza. E, Burke. F. Kerryessa, D. Tobias,
R. M. F. Soto, C. S. Bart'.ett, A. Rojo, H.
Alferitz, F. Anaya Jr., E. Mojica, A. Gon
zalez, H. R. Luces, E. Navarrete, E.
Vaca, R, Valentine, L. Reraeta, Charles
Stockwltz, A. Larkin, Wm. Armstrong
and J. Clerfayt.
BQWEN
& CO.
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Laundry SOap— Some 8 bars 2^C
regularly 6 bars 25c 100 bar box $3
Washes without injury to hands or
material
Coffee— Crescent rr^" 22« C
regularly 25c — ground or roast
Make when ready to drink ; fresh
coffee is good coffee
Vermouth— French 55c Italian 50C
regularly 65c and 60c bottle
Gelatine— Co^'s large size l£C
regularly 20c pkge— ii quart
Don't forget there are two sizes
Hamamelis— world brand
Witch hazel — pt 15c pt 25c qt 40c
Comes near a cure-all and should bt
in every family where there are
children and where there are not
Sink strainers i£C
regularly 25c fits in corner of sink —
keeps outlet from — practical
Marmalade— Kenier** 20c
regularly 25c stone pot — made from
Seville oranges which have a peculiar
aciduous flavor not possessed by our
sweet, Californian oranges
Lime Water— Enamel 20c and 35c
regularly 30c quart, 50c *• gallon
Does the milk sour? Put a little lime
water in it. Good for teeth.
Keeps baby's stomach sweet.
Shrimps— Dunbar'B lOC
Only difference between these and the
fresh ones you get, these are larger
Whiskey— Scotch and Irish D C L
reg'ly «i Highland Club and Killycroy 85C
" 175 Highland Liqueur— after dinner %i 35
" 150 12 Year Old Izs
Made in Edinburgh by the largest dis-
tillery in the world ; r i.'.
Toilet ammonia— peer's 25c
Violet and lavender
Vaseline— 1 ib tins $^c
price reduced
Basins— enamel 2£C
reg'ly 35c— easily cleaned
Fireworks— assorteJ boxes
We have boxes at $1, $2, $5, 58, $12
order early
Mall orders entitled to these prices if posted not
later than Wednesday
432 Pine 215 Sutter 2800 California San Francisco
1075 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland
And have your spectacles or eye-glasses ad«
Justed If they don't feel comfortable. No
charge. /
Should you wish a change in frame or
guards, "we have all the latest Improve-
ments.
Mftl . /HOTIK^ SCIENTIFIC .
642 Market St. instrument*
' UKKR CHOMCLt BUUOmU *