VOLUME LXXXIIL-MK96.
FEAR THAT SPAIN
MAY DECLARE WAR
RUSHING WORK ON THE TRAINING-SHIP ADAMS.
NO GREAT HURRY
WITH ITS WORK
AT MARE ISLAND
The Government Wasting Time
Which May Be Bitterly
Regretted in the Event
of War.
+ VALLEJO. March 5.— Uncle Sam +
■♦■ may be preparing for war, but there is +
"♦" no indication of it at the Mare Island "*
"*■ Navy yard. Press dispaiches tell of a +
"*" rush of work at all Eastern yards : of
warships being placed in condition for
active service with all possible dis
patch; of increased gangs of workmen
*_ being employed, and of vast quantities .
i of stores and munitions of war be- a
+ ing hurried to the various naval sta- +
+ tions, but at Mare Island all is se- +
.4. renity. +
A few months ago the greatest activity
prevailed at the yard, although only vague
and indefinite rumors of impending hostilities
were in circulation. Then men were fairly
tumbling over each other day and night in
response to imperative orders from the de
partment to get the Baltimore in condition to
relieve the Philadelphia, which was in urgent
need of extensive repairs. The Baltimore
was made ready and the Philadelphia came
10 Mare Island, and everybody supposed she
would be overhauled as rapidly as possible.
She was placed in the drydock, cleaned and
painted, dismantled and stripped of her ar
mament to the last gun, and then towed out
into the stream, where she now lies as sorry
a looking hulk as could be imagined and ap
parently forgotten by the powers at Wash
ington.
And yet the Philadelphia is one^ of the best
armored ships in the navy.
No blame can be qttached to Admiral
Kirk land, the commandant, and his subordi
dinates for the state of affairs that exists at
Mare Island, for work on every vessel is
planned at Washington and a certain amount
is allowed to be expended each month, and
the limit cannot be overstepped without or
ders from the bureau chief.
Last November nearly 1200 men were em- j
ployed at the yard, and all were worked j
overtime ; yesterday 974 men were at work !
on regular time. Cards have been sent out j
for about fifty men more, however, and Mon- j
day the force will be increased to 1025.
But it is not the number of the men so j
much as it is the manner in which they are j
employed that invites criticism of the de- \
partment's management of the Mare Island \
yard. Besides the Philadelphia the cruiser j
Charleston and the gunboat Yorktown are the
only vessels of the new navy at the yard, i
The Yorktown is anchored in the stream in
readiness for instant service, but the Charles- |
The San Francisco Call
j ton, which has been out of commission ever
j since her return from the Asiatic station
I nearly a year ago, is tied up to
the quay wall a seemingly hopeless
tangle of beams, rigging and other
I paraphernalia, but it is expected she
j will be ready for sea in about two
■ months. She ought to have been ready for
service half a year ago, but for months
i barely a handful of men were employed on
i her. Within a few weeks, however, the
; force has been increased to respectable pro
| portions, and if the department should see
fit to push work as it was on the Baltimore
the Charleston might be placed in commis
sion in less time than is now anticipated.
But while work is at a complete standstill,
or at best is dragged along on the effective
fighting ships, a far different scent is pre
sented in and about the Adams. This little
wooden craft, with her obsolete battery of
smooth bores, is now in the drydock with a
big force of men at work inside and out get
ting her in readiness for service as a train
ing-ship. Probably the department has a
good reason for believing this coast is in
greater need of another training-ship to re
enforce the Mohican, which is already in
service, and the Pensacola, which is ready to
go into commission at any time, than it is
of vessels capable of making a stand
against those of a hostile na
tion, but the reason is not apparent to
the average landsman. Certainly it is not
to the Call artist and reporter who were in
terested visitors at the yard to-day. The
Adams is being recalked and recop
pered. a spar deck for the greater con
venience and comfort of those who are to
go to sea in her and other extensive alter
ations and repairs are being made, all of
which require many skilled workmen.
Close to the drydock alongside the quay
wall is the old iron ship Ranger. She, too,
is receiving a new spar deck and other re
pairs, but only a few men are at work on
her. She will not be ready for sea for
months, and maybe years, and when she is
she will be of little or no real value, unless
it be to cruise in peaceful southern seas, a J
tender for the missionaries or some similar
bloodless work.
Near the Ranger lies the wooden ship
Pensacolu, rhich is receiving the finishing
touches prepatCtory to going inio service as
a training-ship. She has been fitted up
with every possible convenience for the work
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MARCH 6, 1898-THIKTY-TWO PAGES.
THE DISMANTLED CRUISER PHILADELPHIA.
WILL NOT SELL
TO THE SPANISH
Copyright. 1898, by James Gordon
Bennett.
VALPARAISO, March 5.— 1
am informed by the authori
ties here that the idea of
Chile selling the warship
O'Higgins has never been
entertained for a moment
by the Government. It is
believed here that if the
Government, in the face of
the present international
situation, sold even a less
important ship than the
O'Higgins revolution would
result.
I she is to be used for, and when she is taken
to San Francisco, where she will be sta
■ tioned, she will be the best-appointed train
ing-ship afloat. In a few days the men em- I
ployed on the Pensaco/a will be available for
j other work.
Even the historic old frigate Hartford,
j which has undoubtedly made her last voyage
\ and now lies astern the Pensaco/a a dis
j mantled, unsightly hulk, has a half-dozen
| men tinkering about her decks, their work at j
; best a labor of sentiment and of not the \
j (east practical value at such a time as the
I present, while swinging at anchor in the
stream the splendid specimen of modern
naval architecture, that is capable of coping '<
! with almost any ship in the Spanish navy, is I
! without even a watchman. Stripped of the ;
i last vestige of her power, even to her fight
ing top, the Philadelphia presents a pitiful
spectacle. Her great barbettes, through ■
which her powerful six and eight inch rifles ,
once protruded menacingly, now resemble
the eyeless sockets of some monster more
than anything that can be imagined.
Captain Henry Glass, the captain of the
yard, who is acting as commandant owing ■
to the indisposition of Admiral Kirkland, j
said to-day that the Philadelphia, while in \
urgent need of a general overhauling, could i
Continued on Second Page.
REASON TO EXPECT
MADRID GOVERNMENT
WILL MAKE THE MOVE
MAINE WRECKED
AS THE RESULT
OF A CONSPIRACY
Startling Story of One of the
Divers Borne Out in Part
by General Lee's
Investigation.
BOSTON, March s.— The
Maine was blown up by a tor
pedo from the Spanish | ship
Alphonso XIII. :, ■ ._
This is the statement of a ;
well-known Boston diver who \
is now at ] Havana employed
upon th« Investigation of the
wreck of the Msine. The
startling '• < announcement '" f is
based upon the evidences
which he has seen with his
own eyes, and which he says
is corroborated by the fellow
workmen who have gone down
with him and viewed the hull
of the ill-fated battleship and
examined it carefully.
"It is the private opinion
of the majority of the divers,
in fact, that this was the sole
cause of the destruction of the
Maine," says the Boston
diver, "but of course they
have to keep their opinions to
themselves and obey instruc
tions."
Friends of the Boston diver who
are connected with the company
! which sent him to Havana have just j
received from him this startling an- j
nouncement. The news came in a j
private letter and its recipient has j
sufficient confidence in the writer and ;
in the manner in which the state
ments are made to believe that the
diver conscientiously believes this to '<
be the true solution of the mystery,
j and has most excellent and conclu- ■
] sive evidence to give him this con- |
i viction.
It is, of course, impossible for the j
| most obvious reastms to publish the j
! name of either the diver or the re
cipient of the letter, as the Govern
ment would promptly discipline him I
severely.
In the letter the diver says that ;
he and his fellow-workers have ac- j
tually seen with their own eyes sum- j
cient evidence to convince them that
the explosion which destroyed the i
Maine could have been no other than !
of torpedo. The divers also found
unmistakable evidence of the par
ticular character of the torpedo which
did the work. As a result of this they j
are confident that it was a White
head.
But the most startling statement i
of the whole letter Is that which de- j
clares that the divers have been able
to trace the course of the projectile.
The winter asserts that they are quite
sure it was sent from the Alphonso ,
XIII. Up toithis time no one has yet \
Continued on Second Pace.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, March 5.
The Call correspondent has the
best of grounds for saying that Con
sul General Lee, authorized by the
State Department, has been quietly
conducting an investigation of his
own, independently of the Naval
Cotirt; that h* has employed, detec
tives who have obtained front Ha-
I vana sailors evidence strongly point
ing to a plot to destroy the Maine,
| and that he filed a report with the
! State Department expressing the
I opinion that although the Spanish
i Government was not in any way re-
I sponsible for the Maine's destruction,
it appears the work was done by
i Spaniards who were sympathizers of
the Weyler regime. In this case a de
manu for indemnity from Spain must
' follow, and inasmuch as it is almost
; certain to be resisted by Spain, this
I Government is making active prepa
j rations for possible trouble.
It was reported to-night that at
the Cabinet meeting on next Tuesday
Secretary Long would take occasion
to explain to the President and his
| fellow Cabinet members why he had
I published his statement on last Tues
! day tending to absolve Spain from
I responsibility. This is only another
false rumor. Secretary Long's state
' ment was made after consultation
with his fellow Cabinet members. It
; can be stated on high authority that
1 the Administration does not now and
has not at any time believed the
i Maine's explosion resulted from acci
! dent, but for obvious reasons could
j not assume any other position, for, as
j one of the officials said to-night:
"If it should appear that it was
really an accident, the United States
Government will have nothing to
| 'take back, whereas, if it develops
i that the Maine was destroyed by de
| sign the Administration will be
i placed in a much better position to
! enforce a demand for indemnity."
KARL DECKER IS
THRASHED BY OFFICERS
Called One a Cur, Struck Lieutenant
Blandin and Then Was Prompt
ly Knocked Out.
KEY WEST, March s.— Karl Decker
j of the New York Journal was thrashed
' by the officers of the Maine last night
■ in a hotel at Key West. Decker called
an officer a cur, and struck Lieutenant
i Blandin. Another officer floored Deck
■er with a chair. Assistance from the
outside alone saved Decker from being
severely hurt.
McKINLEY FEARS SPAIN
WILL OPEN HOSTILITIES
WASHINGTON, March s— The Call correspond
ent is able to state that the Administration Is very
seriously concerned over the outlook and regards
war with Spain as possible, if not probable.
The Administration is not only fearful that Con
gress may at any time take action which will pre
cipitate a crisis, but has been advised by Minister
Woodford that the present administration of the
Spanish Government Is tottering and about to fall,
but the sentiment of hostility against the United
States Is so bitter the Weyler adherents may force
Spain to declare war. In other words, the Presi
dent and his Cabinet do not fear a declaration on
the part of the American Congress so much as a
declaration of war from Spain.
This may seem a startling statement to make,
but it is a fact that the President and the Adminis
tration expect the declaration of war will come
from the other side of the Atlantic.
Therefore the Secretary of the Navy has been
authorized by the President to negotiate for the
purchase of at least two battleships, $100,000 worth
of coal and to contract for a large amount of smoke
less powder.
THE PRESIDENT
HAS REFUSED
TO RECALL LEE
Despite the Request of the Span
ish Foreign Minister the
Consul-General Will Re
main at Havana.
MADRID, March 6.—
Senor Gullon, Spanish Miii
ister of Foreign Affairs, re
cently intimated to United
States Minister Woodford
that the Spanish Govern
ment desired the recall from
Havana of Consul-General
Lee, and that the American
warships which have been
designated to convey sup
plies to Cuba for the relief
of the sufferers there should
be replaced by merchant
vessels in order to deprive
the assistance of the recon
centrados of an official char
acter.
Minister Woodford cabled
the request to the Washing
ton Government, which re
plied, refusing to recall
General Lee in the present
circumstance or to counter
mand the orders for the dis
patch of the war vessels,
making the representation
that the warships are not
fighting vessels.
PRESIDENT M'KINLEY
IS SEEKING SHIPS.
He "Will Strengthen the Navy at
Every Part, and Ask the Consent
of Congress Afterward.
NEW YORK, March s.— The Her
ald's Washington correspondent sends
the following: President McKinley will
formally determine, probably within the
next forty-eight hours, whether to in
crease the navy by the purchase of for
eign built ships or to permit those ir
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
IRRESPONSIBLE
CORRESPONDENTS
ORDERED OUT
KEY WEST, March s.— The
Olivette brings news that
all newspaper correspond
ents except two have been
compelled to quit Cuba. The
two favored by the Spanish
Government are the corre
spondents of the New York
Herald and London Times.
the market to go to Spain. The Madrid
Government, I understand, is negotia
ting for the same ships which have been
offered to the President. Furthermore.
I learned to-day that the cruiser Ama
zona and the unarmored cruiser of same
type which Spain is reported to have
purchased yesterday, had been offered to
the United States, but the hesitancy of
the President to accept them without ex
press authority from Congress resulted
in their loss to this Government and a
valuable gain to the Spanish navy in
case of war.
Mr. McKinley is still considering the
advisability of purchasing two battle
ships, one protected cruiser, one tor
pedo gunboat and four torpedo boat de
stroyers. The Spanish Government is
negotiating for these ships, and unless
the President should take them for the
United States they will undoubtedly be
sold to Spain upon the production of
the cash. The President and Secretary
Long were in earnest consultation this
afternoon in regard to the action which
should be taken upon the proposition,
but so far as could be learned, no decis
ion has been reached up to this time.
Before disposing of the matter one
way or the other there is reason to
believe the President will consult with
the leaders in Congress, particularly
Speaker Reed and the chairman of the
Senate and House Naval Committees.
In any event, it is positively known the
p,.^:^.-* ;. ■wiomh contemplating the2
AMERICA WILL BE FOUND READY
purchase of the ships, for he recognizes
that in armorciads the Spanish navy is
superior to that of the United States.
and the additions made yesterday have
increased the superiority to a point
which it should be the duty of this
Government' to overcome.
Secretary Long confirmed to-day the
Herald's exclusive announcement re
garding the propositions received trom
foreign shipbuilders for the purchase of
men-of-war now nearinß completion.
Tlje Secretary stated during the morn
ing that he had no information respect
ing the purchase l>y Spain of the Ama
zonas and her sister ship, but at the
close of office hours this afternoon I
understand lie had been officially ad
vised of the sale of these vessels and
the information had been placed in the
hands <>r the President. Some chagrin
i- expressed in administration circles at
the failure of this Government to buy
the two cruisers which Spain has srob
bled up. and administration officials who
gave me my information to-day after
having heard from the I 'resident, told
me that the action of the Madrid Gov
ernment had caused the ot'iicials to he
come convinced that Spain was
strengthening herself in anticipation of
a conflict with the United State?.
The administration officials with
whom I talked gave me the particulars
of the negotiations which have been
carried on by shipbuilders of England
with the President and Secretary Long:.
The matter was first brought to the at
tention of the Xavy Department several
month? ago by Mr. Thomas F. Lane,
agent in the United States of Vickers
Soh< and Maxim. Limited, of London.
England.
Mr. Lane at that time offered to this
Government for sale two battleships and
two armored crui-crs. There was then
no apparent necessity for augmenting
the United States navy and no action
was taken upon the proposition. Since
the Maine disaster, however, and the
subsequent decision of the President to
prepare for emergencies, the President
and Scretary Long have considered Mr.
Lane's proposition, and the builder's
agent was at the Xavy Department some
days ago and went over the plans of
the ships with Secretary Long. Gap
tain A. S. Crowninshiekl. Chief of the
Bureau of Navigation; Commander
Richardson Clover. Chfef of the Office
« :' Naval Intelligence, and other officials
of the Xavy Department and naval ex
perts. The authorities were particularly
pfeased with the Amazonas and her sis
ter ship. and*it Ls believed the vessels
would have been purchased if the Pres
ident had made up his mind before
Spain finally closed the deal.
Of the vessels which the President is
now considering with a view to pur
chase, two are under construction for
the government of Brazil, one for the
Government of Japan, and the torpedo
gunboat and the torpedo boat destroyer
have probably been built on speculation.
These ships have been offered to the
United States, not at an emergency
price, but at a much cheaper rate than
they could have been built in this coun
tn. The Brazilian vessels which may
bt- purchased are thus described by
Brassey in his Naval Annual for 1807:
"The two coast defense ships ordered
from the Forges et Chantiers de la
Meditcrranee have been named Mar
shal Deodoro and Marshal Floriano.
Their construction was suspended for
some time owing to the modifications
which the Brazilian Government wished
to introduce in the design. Length. 267
feet 6 inches: beam, 47 feet 3 inches:
maximum draught, 1,3 feet 2 inches; dis
placement. 310J tons. There are two
vertical triple expansion engines of .1400
horse-power, to which steam is sup
plied by eight Lagrafel d'Alest boilers.
Their speed, with natural draught, 14
knot: with modified force draught, m
to 1 5 T !• knots. Protection is afforded
by an armored belt 5 feet 6 inches amid
ships, the thickness of which varies from
i.v' 1 to 1.4 inch and by a 1.3 inch armor
ed deck. The total weight of armor of
1053 tons. Armament comprises two 0.4
inch Armstrong guns, four 4. 7-inch
quick firing guns, two 6-inch howitzers,
four 6-pounders. two i-pounders. and
two machine guns, besides two field
pieces and two torpedo tubes. The 0.4
inch guns are mounted on turrets pro
tected by 8-inch Harveyized steel. The
4.7-inch guns are in small casements of
2.9-inch armor. Coal capacity will be
236 tons and complement 200 men."
The cruiser which has been offered to
this Government was that probably laid
down at Elswick several years ago for
the Japanese Government and launched
last May. This vessel has a displace
ment of 4150 tons and a speed of 24
knots. She is 360 fet long, 46 feet 6
inches beam and has a mean draught of
17 feet. Her coal capacity is 1000 tons.
Her armament consists of two 8-inch
rapid-fire guns, ten 4.7-inch rapid-fire
guns, twelve 6-pound rapid-fire guns,
six Jlj-pounder rapid-fire guns and five
torpedo tubes. She has a protective
deck extending over the whole length
of the ship 1.75 to 4.5 inches in thick
ness, and the conning tower is of steel
and is 3 inches thick.
The torpedo gunboat is said to be one
which has a maximum speed of 33 knots
and the torpedo boat destroyer has a
speed of 30 knots.
When I saw Mr. Lane, who has been
consulting with Secretary Long in re
gard to the proposition made by the
builders, whom he represents, he abso
lutely declined to discus? in any way the
negotiations whith have been in
progress or even to admit that he had
submitted any proposition to Secretary
Long. There are no agents of the
Thornycrofts in Washington, so far as
I have been able to learn, and it is un
derstood the proposition made by that
firm came by letter.
It was officially admitted at the Navy
Department to-day that it had been de
termined to augment the Asiatic squad
ron by the cruiser Baltimore, which is
the flagship of the Pacific squadron. The
cruiser Mohican will take on board a
Bttpply of thirty five tons of ammunition
which are at Mnre Island and will start
at once for Honolulu, where she will
transfer her cargo to the Baltimore.
Thai vessel will go at once to Hong
kong M»d report to Commodore
Dcwcy for dutj.
FIRMNESS IS
COMMENDED
English Papers Approve
the Course of the
President.
Beiieve That McKinley and
Cabinet Are Preparing
for the Worst-
Indications That Both the United
States and Spain Confidently
Expect a Conflict.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Match s.— Now that time
nml opportunity for reflection have been
allowed by a temporary cessation of the
patriotic and bellicose statements
which, since the wreck of the Maine,
have been the chief feature of the spe
cial cable dispatches from the United
States. Englishmen are beKinninpr to re
alize the depth of the pro-Cuban feel
ing in the United States, with which
the thoughtful element here cordially
sympathize, although they still believe
the Maine inquiry will absolve Spain
from complicity in the disaster. An
impression, almost amounting to con
viction, prevail* that public opinion
will compel the Government of the
United States to acknowledge the Cu
ban? as belligerents and to intervene
between Spain and Cuba. The very
calmness and patience of the people of
the United States tends to confirm the
conviction here that Americans have
:ae aware that their Government
is preparing to satisfy the country's
aspirations when the auspicious mo
ment arrives. Every one in this coun
try acknowledges the dignity and self
possession with which the Cabinet of
President MoKfnley has been handling
this most difficult affair, and this atti
tude of the United States Government
has had a great effect in influencing
opinion on this side of the Atlantic.
Americans express themselves as be
ing much gratified at the friendly at
titude which the British Government
has evinced toward the United States.
By advice of the British Government
shipbuilders and dealers in munitions
of war still insist, practically, upon
cash payments in the case of all orders
booked by Spain. It seems that the
Spanish embassy, when bargaining
with the shipbuilding and other firms,
directly suggested that Great Britain
sympathized with Spain. This came to
the ears of the British Government, and
the latter lost no time In putting the
firms- which are in the habit of doing
Government work on their guard.
Another rumor which has decidedly
pleased the Americans was that the
G jvernment had succeeded ir obtain
ing complete plans of the principal
Spanish larbors and their defenses. In
short, both Americans and English
men have about concluded that the
present state of affairs has been
brought by President McKinley in or
der to allow the completion of prepara
tions for defense and for possible inac
tive action, and few people here will be
sorry when a decision is reached and
the long-standing tension is ended.
Oprators on the Stock Exchange are
inclined to leave American securities
alone until the crisis is settled. They
burned their fingers during the past
week, the net result of the see-saw
movement being that London lost con
siderable to New York, and although
there is no doubt as to the final out
come, it is feared that the struggle will
cause the trade of the United States to
suffer severely. Hence the London
purchases at present are not likely to
be appreciable.
An exemplification of the feeling here
is contained in a long article published
by the Statist. After complimenting
President McKinley, "whose powers
are perhaps greater than those of any
European sovereign," upon having ex
hibited "admirable firmness of charac
ter," the Statist points out that how
ever strong the President may be he is
finally to obey the will of the people.
Continuing, the Statist says: "It
would be the gravest mistake to sup
pose that because the jingoes, who have
discredited themselves by reckless
charges which they were unable to
substantiate, have failed to move the
President, public sympathy for Cubans,
which is very real and very widespread,
will also fail."
The Spectator believes that botn
"Washington and Madrid "expect war
without desiring it," and "both are
arming as rapidly as they can," and
that ''both are cogitating upon possi
ble alliances, Spain with France and
Russia, and America with Japan, which
wants the Philippine Islands, and
can double the American lleet ai a few
hours' notice if Russia permitted."
The Spectator continues: "Great ef
forts are being made on both sides to
be in time, by McKinley because the
arsenals are not full, and by Premier
Sagasta because he must elect a Lib
eral Parliament."
The French Foreign Office, dreading
a financial crash in Paris, is suggest
ing mediation, but it will in the end
make a mistake in threatening a peo
ple who, at heart, believe there is noth
ing strong in Europe except Great
Britain.
The Consul-General of Spain is re
sponsible for a curious : dvertisement
which has appeared in the JLondon
newspapers, calling upon Spanish de
serters, fugitives and youths who have
not yet drawn lots for military service,
to come to the consulate and acquaint
themselves with an important royal de
cree of pardon which concerns them.
Thus far there has been n .. response.
The pastoral letter of Cardinal Cas
cajares. Archbishop of Valladolid, has
added another danger to the long list
threatening Spain by giving such a
boom to Carlism. and no student of
Spanish history would be surprised
were an outbreak to occur shortly in
the northern provinces. The text of
this letter shows that it practically
amounts to a manifesto In favor of
legitimism as the sole remedy of the
manifold evils existing in Spain. The
Carlißts are using the manifesto for all
it is worth, declaring it to be one of the
blackest, yet meet truthful, paintings
of the condition, of Spain under the
reign of Marie Theresa.
The Correo, organ of the Carlists,
calls the pastoral letter "an outburst
from a soldier's heart suffering the
miseries of the fatherland and Indig
nant at the insults offered to the Span
ish flag by the North American mer
chants from the heart of an apostle
filled with compassi'Mi for our brave
soldiers fighting and dying without
glory, the victims of treru-hery," and
says: "The prelate chr^y points out
that the OarUst is the only party
with the necessary cohesion, strength
and faith to carry on the glorious tra
ditions of Spain."
Even the liberal Imparcial stoutly
commends the Cardinal's action.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SIJXDAY, MARCH 6, 1898.
SECURITIES
ARE HAMMERED
Bears Cause a Drop in
Prices of Stocks at
New York.
Rumors of War Preparations
Cause Much Weakness
in the Market.
Conditions That Prevent the Specu
lators From Splurging as
Heavily as Usual.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW* YORK, March s.— From no ap
parent cause, so far as actual develop
ments were concerned, there was a
sharp break in the prices of stocks to
day, and during two hours of business
there was very active trading, the to
tal sales being about 227,000 shares.
Most of the leading stocks declined
from 1 to 2 points, and in some of the
specialties there were losses of three
puints.
Manhattan and L T nion Pacific pre
ferred, were features and were special
I objects of bear attacks. Reports that
j Spain had borrowed a large amount of
money and had actually secured two
warships as well as the knowledge that
the United States had been offered
! eight men-of-war, seemed to have im
pressed the average trader with the
| possibility of early hostilities. Rumors
about Spain's financial operations, how-
I ever were taken with a great deal of
| allowance among the bankers, some of
i them expressing the opinion that there
was probably no foundation for the
story except that that country was
I looking around for available vessels.
Leading bears embraced the opportun
ity to "hammer" prices, apd when the
weekly statement of the New York as
sociated banks came out these profes
sional operators pointed to the great
falling off in deposits and in loans as
evidence of uneasiness of many inves
tors and smaller financial, institutions
scattered throughout the country which
have credit balances in New York
banks. When this statement came
out, however, there was, a partial re
vival in prices. According to the bank
statement the total loans were $G2S,
256.400. a decrease of $13,622,000. com
pared with the condition of a week ago;
specie holdings were $120,125,900, an in
crease of $939,400: legal tenders. $77,
202,700. a decrease of $8,873,700: deposits,
$706,020,400, a decrease of $23,193,900; cir
| culation. $13,774,900, an Increase of
$47,200.
By the ordinary way of reckoning the
decrease in deposits would average
nearly $4,000,000 a day, but considera
ble of this withdrawal occurred during
the latter part of the previous week
and did not show in the report of !ast
week. The heavy withdrawals were in
cident to the anxiety that prevailed Im
| mediately after the Maine disaster.
I These withdrawals were made largely
jby country banks that thought it a
I good idea to have their money within
easy reach in case of complications
with another country. Many individ
ual depositors took their currency from
smaller banks, and some traders also
thought it was wise to get out of stocks
for the time being. In the opinion of
brokers, however, traders rarely be
come uneasy enough to withdraw their
accounts. They simply wait until the
situation becomes calmer.
That the so-called commission bus
iness in stocks has shrunken since the
first scare caused many of them to
drop their holdings is shown by the
decrease in loans, for a very Jarge part
of the dealing in stocks and bonds is
conducted on margins, necessitating the
negotiation of large loans.
BIG RUSH CONTRACT
MADE FOR COAL
Four Hundred Thousand Tons to Be
Shipped to Key West Within
Forty Days.
PITTRBURG, March s.— The Post to
morrow ■will nay: The United States
Government, by Secretary John D.
Long of the Navy Department, has just
closed a contract with Peale, Peacocfk
& Kerr. coal operators in the New
Pittsburs district, for the delivery at
Key West within forty days of 400,000
tons of steam coal. This contract is
unauthorized by Congress, but is
made under the emergency clause,
which permits the heads of national
departments to make large expendi
tures on the national credit without
specific authority when the occasion
arises therefor. The contract calls for
the delivery of 10,000 tons of coal per
day at Key West for forty days, ship
ments to commence on or before
April 1.
The contract given the firm of Peale.
Peacock & Kerr is of the rush kind,
and is similar to the contract closed
with the Poeohontas coal people and
the firm of Rhodes & Beadle.
WORK ON MONITORS
AT LEAGUE ISLAND.
Eight Old Fighters That Will Be
Made Beady for Active Service
in Case of War.
PHILADELPHIA, March s.— Work
was begun to-day on the old monitors
which for years have been lying at the
League Island Navy Yard. There are
eight of these old fighters — the Nahant.
Lehigh, Jason, Montauk and Catskill,
each of 875 tons displacement, and the
Canonicus, Mahopac and Manhattan
of 2100 tons displacement. Men were
placed at work in the interior of the
monitors. The machinery of the ves
sels will need but little attention.
It is said that the monitors will be
hauled out into the main channel, so
that it can be ascertained just how
they will respond to .the working of
their machinery. While this test is
being made the turrets will be turned
and the guns put in operation. In the
turret of each monitor are two 15-lnch
smooth-bore guns, capable of throw
ing a 500-pound projectile.
Cruiser Columbia Ordered South.
PHILADELPHIA, March s.— lt was
reported at the League Island Navy
Yard this evening that Commandant
Casey had received orders from the
Navy Department to-day to send the
cruiser Columbia south as soon as pos
sible. The Columbia will be ready to
leave the yard by the 15th inst.
The tug Samoset, now at League Isl
and, it is said, will accompany the Co
lumbia and will probably be used as a
dispatch boat by the squadron at Key
West
POWELSON IS
RE-EXAMINED
Important Testimony Is
Given by the Ensign
at Havana.
Naval Court of Inquiry to Lose
No Time in Concluding
Its Labors.
Spanish and American Divers Con
tinue to Work Harmoniously
on the Maine.
Copyrighted, 1898. by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, March s.— The naval court
of inquiry reached Havana at 10 o'clock
this morning on the lighthouse tender
Mangrove, after a comfortable run
from Key West, and went to work so
promptly as to give the best possible
evidence that its purpose, whatever it
may have been hitherto, now is to dis
patch what business remains to be
done in Havana at the earliest possible
date.
Only one witness was summoned to
day. That witness was Ensign I'owel
son. The Mangrove had barely tied up
to her moorings when Powelson was
rowed over from the Fern, and going
aboard was ushered to the cabin
below immediately. Ensign Powelson
brought with him new drawings, on
which he had been at work during the
week spent in Key West. The entire
morning session from 10 until half-past
12 o'clock was devoted to the witness
and to his narrative of the work ac
complished by diverts since the court
left here. During that period the Amer
ican divers, by direction of Lieutenant
Commander Wainwright, have been
working in close touch with Mr. Pow
elson.
After the noon recess, lasting from
half-past 12 to 2 o'clock, Powelson's ex
amination was resumed". It was con
tiued until 4 o'clock, when the court
adjourned until Monday morning.
Two Spanish divers, who have been
doing efficient work in behalf of their
own Government, and with whom the
American divers have be..-n acting har
moniously, though Independently, dis
tinguished themselves to-day by bring
ing to the surface two unexploded 6
inch powder cylinders, similar to some
already found by the other divers. The
brown hexagonal powder contained in
one of them was practically intact.
A rousing incident occurred this aft
ernoon when five American and two
Spanish divers were all under water to
gether. One of them inadvertently
sprung- the trap which acts on the life
buoy, which hitherto has remained un
noticed in the wrec-kage. The life buoy i
is one of those calcium phosphate con
trivances which, when thrown into the
water, by mt-/.ns rig cheaaioal reaction
caused by immersion instantly bursts !
into bright flam* 1 , which illuminates I
the surrounding waters. It is used for
life-saving purposes at night. The in
stant the buoy was released to-day the j
proper chemical reaction promptly
took place. There was a sputtering
flame and curling smoke poured from
the wreck, accompanied by a sudden
calcium light effect that was decidedly
startlinK to the divers at work under
the water. Seven life lines were pulled
vigorously and in concert sevfn badly
scared men were hauled to the surface
so speedily as to take their breath.
Captain Sharp of the wrecking tug
Merritt promptly ran out his fire hose
and prepared to squirt a stream on
the wreckage. One of the cooler men,
who instantly surmised the cause of
the phenomenon, soon allayed the ex
citement. Then all had a hearty
laugh over their momentary scare.
The Bache returned to Havana this
afternoon. Five bodies are now ready
for transportation to Key West, of
these three were recovered to-day. Two
have been identified — one as that of
Stewart White and the other as that of
a Japanese servant of the steward's
department. It is now thought that
Monday and Tuesday probably will suf
fice to conclude the work of the Board
of Inquiry in Havana, the remaining
time to be mainly, if not wholly, devot
ed to some witnesses.
Fitzhugh Lee Jr. arrived here to-day
from Richmond. He was unexpected
by the Consul-General. His purpose
was to visit his father and give him a
pleasant surprise.
The wrecking tug Right Arm, it is
said, will return north to-morrow,
leaving the tug Merritt to complete the
work remaining to be done on the
wreck. Senator Proctor will go to
Sagua to-morrow.
NO GREAT MM
WITH ITS WORK
AT MARE ISLAND
Continued from First Page.
be placed in the same condition she was in
when she came up from Honolulu fast No
vember at short notice. That is. her hull
has been cleaned and she could be sent to
sea if it were absolutely necessary as soon
as her guns and stores could be placed on
board. But a/en this would take some time,
for her main battery of six and eight inch
guns has been sent to the Washington navy
yard to be converted into rapid-fire guns,
and it would require several week 3to bring
them back, and even then the vessel would
not be nearly as effective as she would be
were she properly repaired.
The Mohican arrived at the navy yard at
3 o'clock this afternoon and docked at once
at the quay wall astern of the Charleston.
Preparations were immediately begun to
take on board the supply of ammunition she
is to convey to the ships of the Asiatic fleet.
Nobody at the yard knows when the Mohican
will be ordered to sail, but it is the intention
to have her in readiness whenever the de
partment calls upon her. She will take
about 100 tons of powder direct to Hong
kong, where the fleet is now assembled.
The Officers at the yard would like to see
work on the Charleston and Philadelphia
rushed to completion, but they are power
less to do otherwise than directed by the
heads of the department, and if training
ships and vessels of the Ranger type are
deemed of more importance than modern
warships why the powers at Washington
can have them.
BATTLESHIPS
ARE NEEDED
| "Bulldogs" to Guard the
Ports Better Than
Cruisers.
At Least That Is the Candid
Opinion of Representative
Hiiborn.
Scarcity of Powder Will Be Reme
died by the Construction of
Government Works.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office. Riggs House,
Washington, March 5.
Congressman Hiiborn was inter
viewed to-night about the probable ac
tion of Congress in providing more bat
tleships and ammunition for the navy.
As a member of the Naval Affairs Com
mittee who has been in close tcmch with
the administration his opinion is valua
ble. He said:
"My own belief is that what we most
need is more battleships, instead of
cruisers, for it is obvious that in case
of war with Spain our operations would
be defensive, for the most part, instead
of offensive. Instead of naval grey
hounds we need more 'bulldogs,' or, I
might say, naval watch dogs to guard
our great harbors. The modern big
guns on a man-of-war can stand thir
teen miles out at sea and bombard our
great cities. The 13-inch gun, with
which modern war vessels are equipped,
can fire a shot thirteen miles, or one
mile for every inch of caliber. To ex
press my meaning in plain words, it is
much easier for a hostile warship to
fire a shot into New York or San Fran
cisco than for a coast defense gun to
strike a hostile warship thirteen miles
at sea. I have reason to believe that
the Secretary of the Navy is of the
opinion, too. and that if any negotia
tions are made for the purchase of war
vessels they will be of the 'bulldog' or
'battleship' class instead of 'grey
hounds,' or 'cruisers.' "
Congressman Hiiborn was asked,
whether, in his opinion, the purchase rrf
two battleships (already constructed, or
near so) would obviate the necessity of
Congress making an appropriation for
the construction of one or more vessels
in this country. He replied:
"No; If battleships are purchased by
the Government, they will be for emer
gency, and this same emergency will
necessitate the building of other ves
sels. These cnuld not be constructed
within a year, and I believe it would
take considerably longer than that to
complete them; but who can saj' how
long a war with Spain would continue.
I am sure that Congress will provide
for at least one more warship to re
place the Maine, whether or not any
vessels are purchased by the Secretary
of the Navy, and I believe that the new
vessel will, very appropriately, be called
the Maine."
Hiiborn was asked whether, in his
opinion, the Secretary of the Navy
would feel justified in purchasing war
vessels without the direct authoriza
tion of Congress, and in the absence of
an appropriation of money to pay for
them, and he replied:
"I believe that the President and his
Cabinet have faith enough in members
of Congress to act patriotically in
time of peril, regardless of party affili
ation or political considerations, and
that whatever action the Secretary of
the Navy may take will be sanctioned
and supported by Congress and by the
people."
Hiiborn said furthermore that he be
lieved that the Secretary would, if the
emergency arose, not only purchase
more coal but would make contracts
with the Dv Pont Powder Company and
the California Powder Works for
smokeless powder.
"It is useless to deny that we are shy
on gun powder," said Congressman
Hiiborn, "and it is true that we have
a large amount of black and brown
powder on hand, but it is out of date.
What we want is the smokeless pow
der with which Spain will equip her
ships. The naval appropriation bill,
soon to be reported, will appropriate
one million dollars for smokeless pow
der, but to give you an idea of the
enormous amount of powder consumed
it is only necessary to say that ordi
nary target practice will consume a
million dollars' worth of smokeless
powder in two years' time. I under
stand, after careful investigation, that
the capacity of the Dv Pont Works is
fifteen thousand pounds per day and
the California Works about ten thou
sand, making a total of twenty-five
thousand pounds daily. This may
seem like an enormous output, but in
case of hostilities it would be Inade
quate and would take several months
to furnish our vessels. But the naval
appropriation bill will. I believe, ap
propriate $93, <KK> (in accordance with
the recommendation of the Secretary of
the Navy) for the establishment of our
own powder factory. Our naval at
taches stationed in Europe obtained
the formula for making an excellent
quality of smokeless powder, and the
process has been perfected by experi
ments at Newport. R. 1., so that if the
Government factory is established
smokeless powder equal to any in the
world could be manufactured by the
United States cheaper and /nore ex
pedltiously^
MAINE WRECKED
AS THE RESULT
OF A CONSPIRACY
Continued from First Page.
advanced the theory that Alphonso
XIII had anything to do directly
with the explosion, and this charge
puts the case in an entirely new
light. It will be recalled that the
Spanish ship was said to have shifted
her position before the explosion.
This covers a most significant detail
in the light of to-day's revelations.
The writer does not state by what
method he traced the passage of the
torpedo through the water and the
direction from which it came, but his
friends here say he certainly would
not have written them in this cir
cumstantial manner unless he had
confidence in his evidence.
TO EXHAUST
DIPLOMACY
But the President Also
Proposes to Meet
Emergencies.
And Congress Will Be Found
Ready to Back Up the
Administration.
It Is Feared That Publicity in Con
nection With the Purchase of
Ships May Hasten Hostilities.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March s.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
President McKinley, I understand, very
much regrets some recent publications
to the effect that the administration
has definitely decided upon a forcible
intervention policy for the purpose of
ending the war in Cuba. As has here
tofore been stated in the Herald re-
peatedly, no definite programme of ac
tion in thiß direction has been decided
upon and none will be decided upon
until after the report of the court of in
quiry has been received. The Presi
dent wiil be prepared to meet any
emergency that may grow out of the
demand which may be made for rep
aration. It is also his purpose to make
some further representations to Spain
in regard to the general .Cuban ques
tion at an early date if there is not
speedy improvement In existing condi
tions on the island. Nothing he has in
mind at the present time, however,
contemplates forcible intervention un
less affairs on the island and the atti
tude of Spain should force that course
upon him. It is still the policy of the
President to exhaust all resources of
diplomacy to avoid hostilities with
Spain, but at the same time he is wise
ly preparing to meet any emergency
that may be thrust upon him as a re
sult of either the Maine disaster or
future representations which he will
make for terminating the war.
Congress is silently, but none the less
effectively, standing by the administra
tion in all preparation for possible hos
tilities with Spain which are being
made. Members of the Military and
Naval Committees and Appropriation
Committees of both houses of Congress
are frequent callers at the White House
and at the War and Navy Departments,
where the situation has been discussed
in all its details, and the needs of mili
tary and naval services have been ex
plained. As a result of these confer
ences the administration is proceeding
with entire confidence that whatever
may be done in emergency preparation
which is not specifically authorized by
law will be ratified by Congress. There
is certain legislation, like provision for
new regiments of artillery and the
naval emergency bill which was sent to
Chairman Boutelle, which the adminis
tration would like to have put through.
The President and his advisers are do
ing what they believe to be their duty
in the present emergency, and are mak
ing every preparation that is possible
without further legislation from Con
gress. There is a desire upon the part
of the administration and of leaders in
Congress to avoid as far as possible
anything that would serve to increase
the irritation already existing, both In
this country and in Spain. Debates on
the emergency bills in Congress might
tend to inflame the situation and make
a diplomatic settlement of the Maine
affair and the general Cuban situation
more difficult even than it is now. Dis
cussion and Congressional action on
some matters might even defeat the
plans of the administration. Especially
is this true of any proposed purchase
of ships abroad. Should ships now in
foreign ports be bought it would be de
sirable to get them into the high seas
before the actual commencement of
war, and it is regarded as possible that
the outbreak of hostilities might be
brought on sooner in order to prevent
this.
BATTLESHIP OREGON
WILL COME HERE
Will Leave the Northern Anchorage
in Excellent Condition for
Cruise or Scrimmage.
SEATTLE, March s.— The battle-ship
Oregon will proceed at orree to San
Francisco, in accordance with orders
received. Early to-morrow morning
she will leave her anchorage in the
stream at the Puget Sound naval sta
tion and steam away.
The Oregon, after being thoroughly
overhauled and repaired, came off the
drydock two weeks ago last Tuesday.
Since then she has been at anchor in
the stream. Her coal supply has been
received from the steamer Rapid Tran
sit. The huge vessel is in excellent
condition for an extended cruise or a
scrimmage. She is clean and fresh
looking as though just from the hands
of her builders.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SPECIAL
On account of our buyer and
manager, Mr. Rossi, approach-
ing departure for Europe, we
offer at special prices the most
artistic Hand-carved Furniture,
made in solid walnut or oak,
wood well seasoned, and which,
we guarantee, stands any cli-
mate. Also a fine assortment
of French Tapestry, Wrought
Iron and Antique Brass Lan-
terns, French Cabinets, Desks,
Tables, Chairs and Genuine
Carrara Marble Statuary.
Full satisfaction given. Money
refunded if goods do not suit At
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
117 SUTTER STReET,
Bet. Kearny and Montgomery Sts.— South side.
Factories in
VENICE AND PARIS. . ,
SURVIVORS
SENT NORTH
Five Men of the Maine
Sail on the Tampa for
New York.
Liberality of the Seamen of the
Fleet in Aiding Families
of Victims.
All of the Enlisted Men of the Lost
Ship Will Probably Be Given
Leave of Absence.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KEY WEST, March s.— The Mallory
steamer Tampa, which sailed for New
York to-day, has on board five surviv
ors of the Maine. They are Master of
Arms Load, Cook Schwartz and Toplia
Russidia and two stewards. They will
be taken to the receiving-ship Ver
mont, and from there will be trans
ferred to other ships. All the marines
and other sailors of the Maine now
Tiere and fit for duty were to-day dis»
tributed among the vessels of the fleet.
The commissioned and warrant of
ficers of the Maine have not yet re
ceived orders, but it is said that th«
orders are here and as soon as the
Xaval Court of Inquiry definitely an
nounces fhat it will not recall the of
ficers they will be ordered to their
homes on leave of absence.
A subscription has been raised
throughout the fleet for the relief of the
families of the victims of the Maino
disaster. Every enlisted man on board
the cruiser New York has given $5 out
of his month's pay in spite of the en
deavors to limit the subscription to $2.
The men say they fear the Congression
al appropriation will be some time in
reaching the families of the dead of the
Maine.
The Marblehead. Montgomery,
New York, Detroit and Nashville, in
the harbor, have each received a con
tingent of the Maine's survivors, while
the Texas and the Indiana, at Tortu
gas, have also added a few survivors of
the disaster to their muster roll.
Forty men in all were distributed
among the fleet. The Maine's officers
and men hoped that they would be
assigned to one ship. The new kits for
the survivors were provided for them
at the naval station.
Thero are fifteen of the Maine's en
listed men still here, and it is paid all
of them will be able to report for duty
within two weeks. It was learned later
to-day that orders for a month's leave
of absence for all the Maine's officers,
excepting Lieutenant Holman and Lieu
tenant Caldin, have reached Admiral
Sicard, but they are held pending the
pleasure of the Naval Court of In
quiry. Lieutenant Holman, the senior
officer, will stay her.\ it is sord, until
all at the Maine's enlisted men have
been distributed.
Editor Dungan Exonerated.
WOODLAND. March s.— Judge Hart to
day exonerated Editor Dungun and dis
missed the contempt case against him.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
My Mother
Was subject to sick headache and dys-
pepsia, had no appetite, severe pains in
her head, and her stomach so weak she
could not retain what food she dared eat.
So many remedies failed, she lost faith in
medicines. But one day I read of a cure
of a similar case by Hood's Sarsaparilla,
and persuaded mother to try this medi-
cine. We were greatly gratified to notice
improvement before she had finished the
first bottle. She was able to retain food,
and her headaches were less. She took
tn all four bottles of Hood's Sarsaparilla,
with Hood's Pills occasionally, and ia
now in the best of health. Her digestion
is good; she can eat almost anything, and
says she feels as well as when she was IS.
MISS MARY MASCARIE,
Ironton. Ohio.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
la America's Greatest Medicine. $1: six fAr IS.
HOOD'S PILLS cure all Liver Ills. 15 centt
SIOO TO ANY MAN
WILL PAY $100 FOR ANY CASE
Of Weakness in Men They Treat and
Fail to Cure.
An Omaha Company places for the
first time before the public a Magical
Treatment for the cure of Lost Vital-
ity, Nervous and Sexual Weakness, and
Restoration of Life Force in old and
young men. N<? worn-out French rem-
edy; contains no Phosphorus or other
harmful drugs. It is a Wonderful
Treatment— magical in its effects— pos-
itive in its- cure. All readers, who are
suffering from a weakness that blights
their life, causing that mental and
physical suffering peculiar v? Lost
Manhood, should write to the STATE
MEDICAL COMPANY, Suite 903. Ram-
age Bldg, Omaha. Neb., and they will
send you absolutely FREE, a valuable
paper on these diseases, and positive
proofs of their truly Magical Treat-
ment. Thousands of men, who have
lost all hope of a cure, are being re-
stored by them to a perfect condition.
This Magical Treatment may be ta-
ken at home under their direction, or
they will pay railroad fare and hotel
bills to all who prefer to gt> there for
treatment, if they fail to cure. They
are perfectly reliable; have no Free
Prescriptions, Free Cure, Free Sample.
or C. O. D. fake. They have |2a0.d00
j capital, and guarantee to cure every
case they treat or refund every dollar;
Ct their charges may be deposited in
1 a bank to be paid to them when a cur*
lls effected. Write them to-day.PORTENTS OF WAR
THE AMAZONAS, ONE OF THE CRUISERS BOUGHT BY SPAIN
BELIEVES
WAR CANT
BE AVOIDED
Senator frye of Maine
Says Spain Will Not
Pay Indemnity.
In Order to Avoid Dishonor the
United States Will Find a
Conflict Absolutely
Unavoidable.
BOSTON, March s.— The Journal's
Washington correspondent says to
night: Senator Frye of Maine, a mem
ber of the Foreign Relations Commit
tee, said to-day to me:
"I think there will be war. Ido not
see how it can possibly be averted
■ 'h ,-vt dishonor to the United States.
I feel" absolutely certain that the Board
of Inquiry will report that the Maine
was blown up by an outside agency.
From the information that has come
into my possession, I believe that con
clusion to be unavoidable.
'The least that this country can do
under these circumstances, is to de
mand, as Secretary Sherman has stat
ed, a good round sum in indemnity.
Spain will not pay it. The pride of
the Spanish people is perhaps too great
to permit them to agree to such a prop
osition, and moreover there is a large
body of Spanish people who seem to
desire war with the United States.
Spain is doing everything in the way
of preparing for a conflict, and I be
lieve that it will certainly take place.
If the indemnity is refused, as I think
it will be, war must follow."
But altogether aside from the ques
tion affecting the destruction of the
Maine there Is the awful and inhuman
process now going on in Cuba of ex
terminating the inhabitants by starva-
tion. The Spaniards in Cuba num
bered at the last census only an eighth
of the population. According to pri
vate and official reports that have come
into my possession, more than twice
that number of people have already
been starved to death in Cuba.
"President Cleveland and President
McKinley both gave notice that the
time would come when this country
would be forced to intervene to stop
the war unless Spain stopped it. There
is leas probability at the present of
Spain ending the war than at any time
since it began. Can our Gov
ernment longer delay intervention and
permit the continuation of the most
monstrous crime of modern times — the
wholesale starvation of people— without
running the risk of being practically
wiped out of existence at the coming
Congressional election and receiving
the condemnation of the American peo
ple?
"Intervention cannot much longer be
delayed. Spain will do nothing and
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THAT
BOAT
The fine new steamer
Humboldt will sail
direct from this port
to Skaguay and Dyea
about March 12. It is
Al and carries 350
first and second cabin
passengers. For tick-
ets apply early at 310
California st., or at
CASH STORE
25-27 Market St., S. F.
can do nothing, from the temper of her
people, except to continue on as she
has been doing. We cannot permit her
much longer to continue in that way.
I can see no way out of it excepting in
a war, and I believe that it will cer
tainly follow.
"There are certain commercial inter
ests opposed to such a war. but the
pledges of our party, the pledge* of
two Presidents — Cleveland and McKin
ley — and the interests of humanity re
quire that we should intervene. The
spirit of the American people would
sweep away the mere question of dol
lars and cents that stand in the way
of such intervention. I do not regard
a war with Spain as one of any great
consequence. I believe that it would
end in a very short time. But whether
or not that be the case, the honor of
the American peopl* demand and re
quire such an intervention.
"I firmly believe that President Mc-
Kinley is thoroughly in sympathy with
this feeling, as h« has shown by the
wards he has spoken on this Cuban
question, and that intervention will fol
low. We shall wait for the report of
the Board of Inquiry, and then noth
ing can hold back Congress. That is
my opinion, and I think you will find
it the very general opinion among the
Republican Senators."
RIFLES FOR ARMY
PURPOSES ARE SCARCE.
In the Event of War It Would Be
Difficult to Promptly Secure
All Arms Needed.
BOSTON, Mass., March s.— There is a
general consensus of opinion among
the manufacturers of repeating rifles
that should war be declared to-mor
row it would be difficult ten days later
to find a repeating rifle in any shop
in the country— that is, a repeating
rifle of large enough size for war pur
poses. There are only three factories
in the country where repeating rifles
of a Kize adapted to equipping military
companies are manufactured— the Gov
ernment works at Springfield, Mass.,
and the Marlin and Winchester arms
companies in Connecticut. The last
two are private concerns. Their total
production of arms of all calibers is
about 475 per day of thirteen hours 1
work. Both are running up to their
full limit at the present time, and of
475 rifles turned out each day about
300 would do for war purposes. A war
demand would involve for the equip
ment of organized forces the construc
tion of about six types of guns. These
would be the 30-40 Krag-Jorgensen.
used by the regular army. These are
made at Springfield, Mass. Then there
would be the 236 caliber Lee magazine
rifle for the navy, made by the Win
chester Arms Company. The militia
would possibly be equipped with the
single-shot black powder Springfield of
the 45-70 type, because that is the mi
litia weapon now in use.
The volunteers very likely would
have the black powder 45-70 Marlin re
peater, or the Marlin smokeless, 30-30.
There also would be the smokeless 30-40
Winchester repeater. Of these types
available for volunteers, who would of
course, make up the bulk of the army,
there is just now a great dearth in the
market. Four years of dull trade re
duced the stock on hand to a minimum
and though both the great private fac
tories are running overtime they are
unable to keep up with the orders
which the revived trade and the Klon
dike excitement have showered in upon
them.
No Loan Applied For.
NEW YORK, March s.— lnquiry was
! made to-day in London at the business
j house of the Rothschilds regarding the
I report that the Spanish Government
had applied to their firm for a loan of
! $40,000,000. The following reply was
j made by a head official: "There Is no
truth whatsoever in the report that the
j Spanish Government has applied to
Messrs. Rothschild for a loan of £8,000,
' 000."
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 6, 1898.
QUESTIONS OF
FORTIFICATION
Plans Being Considered
by Navy and War
Departments.
Garden Key, *the Site of Fort
Jefferson, to Receive Im
mediate Attention.
During His Tour in the South, Gen
eral Wilson Will Examine De
fenses of Tortugas.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 5.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: War
Department officials have received a
communication from tne Treasury De-,
partment in reply to the request of
Secretary Alger that Garden Key, the
site of Fort Jefferson, be returned to
the War Department. It is known offi
cially, however, that the marine hospi
tal service will put no serious objec
tion to aba/idoning the quarantine
building at Tortugas if an equally ad
vantageous location therefor can be pro
vided. Some little correspondence,
though, may be required to bring about
an agreement. Brigadier-General John
M. Wilson, chief of engineers. United
States navy, who is now inspecting the
condition of fortifications in South
Atlantic and Gulf States, is to make a
visit to old Fort Jefferson and will re
port to Secretary Alger with recom
mendations as to the advisability of
immediate rehabilitation of the old
fortress.
An officer of the engineer corps said
to me to-day: "There is no question as
to the great military value of Fort Jef
ferson. It should be in the possession
of the War Department. To make thor
oughly equipped modern fortifications
there would consume several months.
The building of embankments -or em
placements might be difficult, as the
soil is only coral sand, not more than
half p foot or a foot deep. Sufficient
material, however, might be obtained
by drede-ing. If necessary to utilize the
fort as it stands, 8-inch converted rifles
might be placed on the barbette para
pet. These would be sufficient to de
fend the fortress against any modern
ships, and, with the aid of a portion of
the fleet, no enemy could obtain pos
session of the place. Of these convert
ed guns the ordnance department has a
large store. This improvised fortifica
tion could be completed in a very short
time."
The Navy Department is no less de
sirous of obtaining a foothold on Tor
tugas than the War Department, as
the key is of great value as a coaling
and repair rendezvous. Admiral F. M.
Bunc-e, when in command of the North
Atlantic squadron several years ago,
advocated the acquisition of Tortugas
for a naval station. Captain F. E.
Chadwick, then chief of the Bureau of
Equipment, and Rear-Admiral Ram
sey, then chief of the Bureau of Navi
gation, indorsed the proposition.
It is understood that there are build
ings now fm the island which could be
immediately utilized by the Navy De
partment for an extensive coaling
depot. The squadron which is now in
the gulf is using Tortugas as a partial
base of supplies.
The Navy Department authorities re
port that the harbor is a much safer
and more capacious one than that at
Key West, where great difficulty is ex
perienced in entering, landing and rid
ing at anchor when the wind is in cer
tain directions.
There seems to be little question that
the War Department will insist that
the Treasury Department relinquish
possession of the place, and the Navy j
Department will be accorded facilities
for a naval station.
Brigadier General Wilson proposes
to visit all of the fortifications and ad
vantageous sites on the gulf, and his
trip is likely to be productive of in- j
creased activity on the part of the en
gineers' department.
Various bureaus of the War Depart
ment are quietly and steadily continu
ing their replenishment of supplies.
Contracts contingent upon adequateap
propriation by Congress have been
made by Brigadier General Flagler, j
chief of ordnance, for 200,000 pounds of
smokeless powder, to cost abo-ut $150.
000. The award will be divided between
the California Powder Company, the
Duponts and Rand. Deliveries will be
made as rapidly as possible. The Cali
fornia Powder Company has been for
some time running at its full capacity i
on brown and smokeless powder, in an- j
ticipation of orders, and consequently
will be able to furnish its quota with
out delay.
CARRIER PIGEONS FOR
USE IN THE NAVY.
Colonel Heap of the Lighthouse Serv-
ice Tells How the Birds Will Be
Trained for War.
NEW YORK. March s.— Doves, em
blematic of peace, are likely to be
pressed Into the service of war. This
Is the impression received to-day from
Lieutenant-Colonel D. P. Heap, engin
eer of the third lighthouse department,
whose office is at Tompklnsville, L. I.
Colonel Heap recently suggested to
headquarters in Washington that doves
could be utilized for the lighthouse
service and outlined his plan. His sug
gestion has been promptly taken up
and Congress will be asked for an ap
propriation to carry it out. Its prac
ticability for ships of war is recognized.
The idea is to take homing pigeons to
sea, exercising them at gradual dis
tances, short at first, but gradually in
creasing them to the limit of the power
of the birds, and then putting them on
cruisers. In case <>f war a battle-ship
would carry a lot of them and let them
loose when off the coast with important
news.
"As to the utilization of homing
pigeons for battle-ships," said Colonel
Heap, "I wrote to the Navy Depart
ment that I would do all in
my power to carry out that
scheme of communication with cotes in
lighthouses. Just now the Navy De
partment will place two stations in my
department, one at Fire Island and the
other at Navesink. The method of
training is this: Whenever a light
house tender goes to sea the lighthouse
men will put their birds on board. The
pigeons will be accustomed to short
journeys at first, until they are fit to be
taken on a cruise with a warship and
released with dispatches when they are
near their own homes. I suggested Fire
Island and Xavosink because they are
in direct telegraph communication with
New York."
The department has decided to es
tablish stations at Barnegat, Cape
May, Cape Henry. Jupiter Inlet.
Tampa, entrance to Mobile Bay, Port
Eads at the nmuth of the Mississippi
and just off Galveston. There are also
to be stations on the Pacific Coast,
probably at San Francisco, San Diego
and at the mouth of Puget Sound.
SAVED THE PENNANT
OF THE MAINE.
Louis Moriniere's Gallant Act Amid
That Hell of "Fire, Masts, Men,
Smokestacks, Everything."
BOSTON. March 5. — Louis Moriniere
is the name of the gallant fellow who
saved the pennant of the Maine. Even
in that hell of "fire, masts, men, iron,
smokestacks, everything," as he him
«elves describes it in a letter published
here for the first time, he thought t<>
tear away the peoffmnt when he found
it lying upon the !f>ck over which it
had often floated at the peak. The
symbol of the naval power of the
United States that flies on a ship of
war both night and day was saved by
this Franco-American pallor from per
ishing amid the carnage upon which by
chance it fell. Louis Moriniere was
rushing aft in his effort to leave the
sinking battle-ship when his feet be
came entangled in the little strip of
bunting that still attached to the
loosened halliards of the mainmast lay
pathetically prostrate and insignificant
on the wreck of the once proud ves
sel. It was a strange coincidence that
this pennant, the only flag left flying
through the night over our ships of
war, should have come under the no
tice of almost the only sailor left un
hurt on board the Maine, as if demand
ing to be saved and protesting against
the ignominy of burning like a common
rag. V ;.
Moriniere tore it from the halliards
and. thrusting it in his blouse, bore it
safely away with him. The pennant
has now been sent by Moriniere to a
Chicago man, George C. Magee by
name.
•
Gallant Republican Veterans.
OAKLAND, March s.— At a largely
attended meeting of the Army and
j Navy Republican League to-night a
j resolution was unanimously passed of
i ferinp the Government the services of
the individual members should war re
sult from the disaster to the Maine.
The organization is composed of old
j soldiers and their sons and numbers
j over 800 in this county.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
*<■ Out into the Darkness.
What mother would turn her young
— jm» . .■..M.imuiiiuinHua daughter out
Kj^^^^—^^mW J3 an^ advice all tin-
wSffifo?^ /I W ] lira ness w^' c^ may
Wrj^ /?' |l I, ||2 afterwards de-
*•— ~ —^—^^^*~"i "*" At 1110 tncr s
duty not tto pass over such matters in
silence, but to promote her daughters
womanly health and regularity by every
reasonable means. . ; ;; ;.
I These delicate ailments are 'easily over-
1 come in their early stages by judicious self-
treatment without any need of the obnox-
I ious examinations which doctors uniformly
I insist upon. Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescrip-
tion is a positive specific for all diseases of
the feminine organism. • \
It restores perfect health and regularity
to the special • functions, and vital vigor to ;
the nerve-centres. ■ It is the only medicine i
of its kind devised for this one purpose by
an educated, experienced physician. .
During, nearly 30 years as chief consult-
ing physician of the -Invalids' Hotel and
Surgical Institute, of ■ Buffalo, N. V., ." Dr.
Pierce has acquired an enviable reputation.
His medicines are everywhere recognized
as standard remedies. r" His " Golden Med-
ical Discovery--' alternated with the "Fa-
vorite Prescription " constitutes a thorough
and scientific course of treatment for weak
and impoverished conditions of the blood.
• A headache is a symptom of constipation.";
Dr. Pierce's 'Pleasant; Pellets cure constipa-
tiofn, promptly and permanently. . They „ do
'a at fripe- Druggists sell them. :
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
NEW
ARRIVALS!'
00000000
00000000 The new things to arrive this week were : Jfew Wash Fdbrie
1 I I I Suits for the little folks, new Straw Hats for the same people, the
I I I I I I I i new Star Shirt Waists, the new Spring styles in Sweaters for lit-
I | tie / oiks and some 200 different styles of nziv juvenile apparel,
I | | | | I | The new Spring Shirtings for men. and the new blocks in the
Derby and Tourist Hat for men, and n-e have also unpacked some
00000000 very handsome examples of high-class tailoring in Suitings
00000000 and Top Overroats for men. Thi^is all in addition to the new
00000000 arrivals of last week— an aggre <ation of the world's newest, for
00000000 • the world's most critical.
Ilit t i i I
For the week beginning Monday, March 7. Some lively Spring
selling, confined exclusively to new goods :
r -^s=*P^- >^ Some Fancy
frjirr m B om Shirts
■jri V J J To" /or men. Neiv
II H ? v • ; sp ring styles,
W [ ) : * :\ ; ' ■ ! weu? spring col-
\\\\\\\\ for men. To be
¥ ■ spring styles,
new spring col-
l j ! orings. To be
I {{[ • worn with white
II !' . ; ! ;:. collar, as well as
n ■ i\lil\ white cuffs. The
\I : ; ; ; / bosoms of . the
[ JPy shirts represent
- ■ — - .-* the highest
grade of percale, as well as the
newest patterns, reinforced
spams, reinforced gussets. A
shirt that is worth double what
we're going to quote it for.
These, beginning Monday, at
48g. '
Fancy . Hose
for men. Silk
j£| E&h clocked, high
■ spliced, heels.
TBBSa^J soft and silky on
S jßUffff \ the foot. A hose
Ylm «L I that's worth
y» MW doubl e what
y^M^HHk we're going to
'""vvH |h quote 'em for.
C You have your
;; ie k from
blacks, with red
effects, white effects. Also tans
and modes, with pretty colored
silk clockings. This is truly a
high- class sale of high- class
hose. .
These, beginning Monday, at
15c per Pair.
ft |& /i£sL : ' A Colored
ySstowlS^Sjw Shirt festival.
ppr-y^fg' You'll find
cgi fT\ every fashion
IrlV - Jftft leader wearing
j - l|kJ{tfll|¥i | the all - over-
feljn Uml\ Isl body and- bosom
'Ml ,\ i• t mil alike fancy
M shirt,
•II ' »?! HI We will have
on sale, begin-
[ i | 1 ]: i ning Monday.
\ ij ' I j ;l|j a new crop of
' i I « ji Spring Shirts
ih' | jI |i for men. They're
Hi Jfl I / 'j'.if a pretty lot and (
Ili'^iLiATiiLl double the price '
won't buy better
in other stores, and they are the
correct shirt fashions.
These, beginning Monday, at
68c.
Sweaters for
'iS^^l* little chap s.
$1 _ _^f Those between
\** W the ages of Jj. and j
/^foff\ Some 200 doz- I
WWMJfy^ik en °f thvsb in
jLttifj^M ■ new Spring en! -
mWwa ia| or ings, sailor
Sill front, ma d d
/W\\w\l\ MM front, m a d e
ffr f ro m hi £ h -
V^V^^Tl,/ grade worsted
\ \ yarn. Color com-
\ ■ X \ biiutions very
- *kr * /C't* r '£'C/ tS C/ fw I'd • ■ ."■
These at
ioC #
y£. You may pay
£_jb> \ 2& c fora collar.
L~~~~W \£ but you'll never
\\y&~r^ own a better
l(^l/nn(fj wearing collar
{^^J^it/^ or a more fash-
ionable . ' collar
'^rr* than ours. Every
j fashionable shap « 'in th" stand- \
ing and tun- down style ~is
shown. This iv not a job lot of
stuff, nor odds and ends. It's a
line of goods that you can get
from us 365 days of the year.
The Collars are sold at
10c.
..'- The Cuffs, in links or revers-
ible ends, at
20c.
The best of © c-Jr-J&c -Jr-J& j^~m~]£m j^% Jw^^A 1 Complete g
everything to g ' J&MmM^rA &^sff /% '$ °v t fi tte rB %
eat and wear ® &-*9£4&'i£-**^vL^' OsFv ® /<"* |
for Alaska. ® W^KUKKKWm^^^^^f yVCH^H^|Wpmgß^^^ % Alaska. ®
sxsXs)®®®®®®®®®®'® O" 11 "13 "15 KCARNY !^T. ®W<iXiXi<txt«®®®®®®
Zm/o Entire Buildings— B Floors.
OUR MAIN SALE,
And a sale of eminent importance, embracing all the correct
fashions in Men's Suitings and Men's Fog Overcoats for Spring—
a sale embracing the newest Spring fashions, the newest Spring
ideas in Tailoring, embodying all the vert/ prettiest, swcllest and
richest colorings. Aside from the fancy colorings, there's those
dressy blues and blac'cs— garments that haven't their peer in
America, under $20. You have our word for it. Yon have our
window to gaze in to bear oiot rvhat we say. We'll prate no vvor&
about these Suits, about these Top Overcoats— they'll tell their
own story. When we open our doors Mondajj these will be offered
to you at 1
SIO.OO.
The above pin-and-ink sketch shoivs a few of the new fash-
ion*, but does not show the beauty ofthz lines upon which they're
constructed. The garments show that.
/n^ i"n, oz*r depart-
\*S ment devoted, to
J&L. Young Men's
/VvSy^. Suits we will
■ I AfT U |\ show some very.
Jl ll t lirN pretty Spring
vAtCllr^ fashions Mon-
tin Tin color-
ment devoted to
Young Men's
Suits we wiU
show somr very
pretty Spring
fashions Mon-
day. Th" color-
6 I \ ings are mar-
/ T velously pretty
y|' and entirely
7| ■■>- , new. The fab-
/|" *,"■•■>-". rics are pure
«/. | . wool and tested
/. | . for durability
I \ and strength.
* There will be a
great many to
select from, and a royal assort-
ment at that. These suits are
for young men between the ages
of IJf. and 19. The price will be
$6.85.
Qf^XlJ^— A lot of pretty
*jfc£>P&sU Reefer Suits in
3jO&ar*/f blue for lads h-
tt^jaDZrjb^ tween the ages
3rF*jSy»jl of 4 and 10.
*T\ tl *• \ High-grade fa
Tftim L . CJ | ri os and ele-
': f?St?L * J gdiitly trimmed
)r%JP * 'C /ike all our jn-
, qJtfovJL—-J' venile apparel.
«3C>J iT 1 Nothing in town
tt\ i/V^g -at $3.50 will
Y*fcsM W equal' These
$rfh£Ml W will be given to
Fl f M H ou - beginning
£s fej^ Monday, at
'■'■' ■'■■• ; :' ■: . . $1.98. "- ■
A lot of pretty
t Sailors, the long
trouser affairs,
as you see in
picture oppo-
site, in blue.
The collar has
received very
novel treatment
in the way of
braiding ; the
shield is pretti-
hi embroidered
and braided.
It's a new batch
of Sailors.
These, beginning Monday, at
$3.98.
A h igh - class
fa s sor titie nt of
Suits for Little
Fol ks, between
the ages of 3 and
7 , con sis tin g
principally of
blues, as well as
a very libe ral
assor tnt ent of
pretty mixtures.
We have inclu-
ded styles that
have sold up as
high as $7 .00. Th°y have pretty
little vests, some braided, some
plain, some with the new blouse
effect, some with French plaited
sleeve, but there's nothing at
any price any sweller.
These, beginning Monday, at
$4.48.
34
VIZCAYA'S
SISTER SHIP
AT HAVANA
Arrival of the Almirante
~ Oquendo Causes Great
Excitement.
Spaniards Notice the Significant
Fact That the Cruiser Is Heav
ily Loaded With Coal
and flmrounition.
Copyrighted, ISM. by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, March s.— The city rose
earlier than usual by hours to-day to
greet the Almirante Oquendo, a sister
ship of the Vizcaya, whose arrival has
been anxiously awaited for days. A
discharge of rockets from all parts of
the city at 7 o'clock announced that the
battle-ship had been sighted. Almost
immediately La Punta, opposite green
old Morro, was crowded with excited
thongs, anxious to give vent to pent-up
enthusiasm. The morning was clear,
and the Oquendo had been sighted far
out For some reason it was a full
hour before she came into view of the
gathered throngs. The mouth of the
harbor was crowded with small boats,
•which were kept from going outside
by the high sea that was running.
Among these was a cutter from the
Vizcaya filled with officers, who were
roua in joy over the appearance
of the sister ship. From the moment
the Oquendo came into sight until she
had come to anchor at the buoy along
side the Vizcaya the crowds, reaching
from La Punta to La Machinas, main
tained an incessant roar of greetings.
A few cries of "Abajo la Americanos!"
were heard, but the main cries were:
'Viva Espana!" "Viva Oquendo!"
and "Viva Weyler!"
It was a noticeable fact when the
carriage of Captain-General Blanco was
driven up to La Punta there was ab
solute silence. Not a cheer was given.
Maybe it was without meaning, but to
a few Americans who were present it
looked as though the crowd resented
the captain-general's order prohibiting
a demonstration of any sort this morn
ing. The volunteers had desired to
turn out in force, but this plan had
been promptly vetoed. When the
Oquendo turned into the channel oppo
site Morro Castle small boats ran down
the harbor and took a position about
the Vizcaya, gathering in such swarms
about the great fighting machine as to
look like a host of marine pigmies at
tacking a giant.
The crew of the Oquendo was at
quarters when Morro was passed, but
not a gun was fired until the battle
ship had entered the berth alongside the
Vizcaya. Then the salutes to the
port and captain-general were bellowed
forth from the ship's big guns. An
hour later Morro made answer, and im
mediately an exchange of official cour
tesies began.
It was noticed that much interest was
taken in the wreck of the Maine by the
Oquendo, and the ship had hardly been
tied up before the side toward the
Maine appeared to be alive with offi
rers and men. Captain Sigsbee re
mained aboard the Fern last night and
did not leave that ship this morning
until after he had received a call from
the captain of the Oquendo. That offi
cer, following the example of Captain
Eulate of the Vizcaya, knowing Cap
f Jn Sigsbee had lost his wardrobe of
uniforms, appeared upon the Fern in
undr«>ss uniform. He offered sympa
thy to Captain Sigsbee in the loss of
the Maine and crew. Later in the day
Captain Sigsbee returned the call, but
remained aboard the Oquendo only a
very few minutes. While the Almi
rante Oquendo is a sister ship of the
Vizcaya, she looked much larger as she
came into the harbor to-day.
It ■nas remarked the Oquendo rested
deeply in the water, particularly at the
stern, as though carrying a heavy load
of coal and ammunition. This feature
WB4 not overlooked by the crowds
along the water front. Canes were
pointed at the Oquendo's stern, and
remark? were accompanied by signifi
cant shrugs and smiles. In this con
nection it was reported this morning
that the Yizcaya, after renewing her
coal supply, would leave Havana and
cruise outside, perhaps paying a friend
ly visit to Key "West, but this is un
likely.
The volunteers have renewed their re
quest that they be allowed to parade
■when the Cristobal Colon arrives.
These volunteers still present a most
important problem in Havana. De
spite Genera] Parado'fl written assur
ance that the organization of volun
teers Is not to be disturbed and their
arms not to be taken from them they
feel that Blanco is playing fast and
loose with them. They feel that if
General Gomez would offer to treat
with the Madrid Government after their
organization had been blotted out they
would not exist as an organization
twenty-four hours.
This may be true or they may not be
sure of their organization, as Colonel
Parado has so solemnly declared, but at
all events the colonel's volunteers have
been unable to obtain an audience with
the captain - general every afternoon
since February 26, when a delegation of
officers of the volunteers called at the
palace and requested to be allowed to
see Blanco.
One day the captain-general was so
busy with affairs connected with the
inauguration of an aggressive move
ment in the eastern provinces that he
was unable to see them. The next day
he was about to close the mail for Ma
drid and could not be disturbed. Since
then he has been "sick." In vain the
volunteers have protested that General
Blanco is seen driving along the Prado
each afternoon.
He is "officially sick" to them, and
that ends it. Meantime the rank and
file of the volunteers is growing more
and more sullen and threatening. For
the time being their anger is turned
from Americans to the present Gov
ernment, and it is anticipated they may
gather at the palace and shout their
utterance to Blanco. This will amount
to little unless the rabble gathers and
starts a riot, turning the attention of
the mob from Blanco toward the Amer
icans. If this can be done a demon
stration toward the American consulate
is feared, though General Blanco has
assured Consul-General Lee that all
foreigners w4ll be fully protected.
Another matter that angered the vol
unteers is the request of General
Blanco that a thousand of them go to
Matanzas to do police duty for a few
weeks. They believe this would be the
first move toward forcing them into the
field to fight the insurgents. They have
refused to leave Havana and are en
raged at Blanco for renewing the re
quest which had been refused two
months ago. A memorial will be sent
by the volunteers to Madrid reciting
their wrongs and asking that their ex
act position to the General Government
be defined.
TROUBLE FOR
DOLE AT HOME
A Threatened Vote of Non-
Confidence by Hawaii's
Legislature*
False Revolutionary Scare Greatly
Alarms the Island Republic's
Officials.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
HONOLULU, Feb. 26, via Victoria,
March 5. — The Radical Annexationists
threaten a vote of non-confidence. This
will be useless, as only the President,
with the consent of the Senate, can
oust the Cabinet.
The Department of Foreign Affairs
and the judiciary have been badgered
with questions about the claims of citi
zens of foreign governments because of
the improper administration of the law.
The acting President's status has also
been attacked on the ground that he is
an alien, and the opinion of the Su
preme Court has been asked.
All the flags in the city are at half
mast because of the disaster to the
Maine. The people show a deep grief,
and the Government has formally ex
pressed its sympathy.
There was a false revolutionary scare
on the 22d. The Government became
greatly alarmed and it is believed that
the acting President quietly consulted
the American Admiral with a view to
raising the American flag. All is now
quiet.
The Hawaiian Senate convened at
noon on February 16. President Cooper
read the message. He referred to the
progress of annexation, but as the
sovereignty of the country remained
until the final exchange of ratification
certain legislation became necessary,
care being taken not to jeopardize the
situation, nor hinder the future pre
sentation of the treaty should it fail
now of approval.
The framing of the issues in the
Japanese arbitration is proceeding.
The message rfonmmends the pas
sage of a law restricting the granting
of Hawaiian register to vessels entire
ly owned by Hawaiian citizens.
PREPARING FOR THE
INEVITABLE STRUGGLE.
Some Day Japan and Russia Will
Fight It Out to a Bitter
Finish,
LONDON. March 5. — Tf the Tientsin
correspondent of the Daily Mail was well
Informed in saying that Japan has ad
dressed a note to Russia demanding expla
nation of the continued occupation of Port
Arthur it must lead, taken in conjunction
with the activity in the refortifieation of
Wei-Hai-Wel. to a recrudescence of the
uncertainty, worry and alarm which Kent
the two hemispheres on tenterhooks at
Christmas time. As was pointed out on
January 22, the diplomats have always
dreaded that Japan wouM take isolated
action in defense of Korean neutrality.
To thin trouble, which seems to be brew
ins, is attributable the continued dispatch
of Russian, French and British re -en
forcements to the Far East. Evidently
Japan is preparing for the struggle wtiicn
must come some day and which will be
the fiercer the longer it is delayed.
WILETTWILL
MAKE NO DEFENSE.
Asks for No Attorney to Appear for
Him at the Preliminary
Hearing.
REDWOOD CITY, March s.— James
Wilett, the accused accomplice of Ray
mond and Winters in the murder of C. A.
Andrews at Baden, last November, will
have his preliminary examination here In
the Justice's court on March 19. The
prisoner has as yet engaged no counsel
to conduct his defense. In court to-day
he said he would make no defense at the
examination and afterward said that if
his relatives, to whom he had appealed,
do not come to his rescue he win have
to depend on the mercy of the court to
appoint an attorney for him.
DIES FROM HEART DISEASE.
Henri Guibert of Paris Passes Away
Near Hanford.
HANFORD, March s.— Honri Guibert of
123 Rue Lafayette, Paris, died last night
from heart disease on a sheep ranch
twenty miles south of this city. Guibert
had relatives in San Francisco.
Run Down by a Train.
AI'BI'RX, March s.— Ed F. Stone was
run over and killed by freight No. 10 last
night near Auburn Station. The accident
occurred after dark, and no one knows
the details. Stone was 32 years old and
was born and reared in Auburn.
Death of John Charlton.
NYACK, N. V.. March s.— John Charl
ton, for nine years a member of the Board
of United States Indian Commissioners,
died at his home here to-day, aged 68
years. He went to California In 1850, and
while there his wife and two children
were drowned off the California coaat.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 6, 1898.
LA RUE IS
AFTER THE
NOMINATION
Concludes to Enter
the Gubernatorial
Contest.
Willing to Head the
State Democratic
Ticket.
Believes His Public Record Re
futes Attacks Made Upon
Him.
SOME OTHER ASPIRANTS.
Maguire, Ostrom and Butler Have
Erected Political Lightning
Rods.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, March 5.— M. H. La Rue,
the railroad commissioner, who is here
visiting relatives, was asked by The
Call correspondent to-day in reference
to his reported candidacy for the Dem
ocratic gubernatorial nomination.
"Well, I have been mentioned as hav
ing aspirations in that direction," he
replied, "but I have never announced
that I would go before the convention
as a candidate. Some of my friends
have spoken about it, and, in fact, have
put me forward. While I have never
announced my candidacy, I think it
likely that I will be a candidate for the
nomination. In fact. I have about con
cluded to enter the race."
In that connection Mr. La Rue spoke
of the attacks made upon him, to the
effect that he was a daily visitor to the
"yellow building," the railroad office in
San Francisco, and other innuendoes
and insinuations. Mr. La Rue re
marked that he did not think it worth
his while to reply to such statements
in reference to his aspirations for the
gubernatorial nomination. The railroad
commissioner added with feeling that
if his public and private record during
his long residence in this State was not
a sufficient refutation of the reports he
had nothing to say.
"Are there any new candidates for
the nomination?" was asked.
"No; none that I have heard of."
"Who are in the race so far?"
"Well, of course you know that Mr.
Maguire has been prominently spoken
of for the nomination, and. concerning
his candidacy, I have nothing to say.
Then, there is Dan Ostrom of Yuba
County. Dan is a candidate, of course
— he's a sort of standing candidate,"
added the railroad commissioner, with
a smile.
"And then," he remarked, "there's
your townsman, A. B. Butler. I un
derstand he desires to procure the nom
ination."
"How about Governor Budd?" was
asked.
"I don't think Governor Budd will run
again." said Mr. La Rue. "I heard him
say at a banquet given by the Iroquois
Club of San Francisco that he would
not take the nomination if it were ten
dered him on a silver tray, as was ex
tensively published at the time. Since
that time he has reiterated and reiterat
ed the statement, and I myself have
heard him make it on several occasions.
No; I don't think Budd will be in the
race at all."
NEW RULES FOR
CYCLING CLUBS
The California Board of Gov
ernors Meets at San
Jose.
Delegates Entertained at a High
Jinks by the Garden City
Club.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, March s.— The board of
governors of the California Associated
Cycling Clubs held an interesting meet
ing at the rooms of the Garden City
Cycling Clubs held an interest
ing meeting at the rooms of
the Garden City Wheelmen this
evening. President Charles Albert
Adams presided, and Stanley G.
Scovern was secretary. The follow
ing clubs were represented by dele
gates: The Acme Club Wheelmen,
Bay City Wheelmen, Capital City
Wheelmen, Garden City Wheelmen,
Golden Gate Cycling Club, Olympic
Club Wheelmen, Pathfinder Cycling
Club, Reliance Club Wheelmen, San Jose
Turn Verein Cyclers, Ariel Cycling Club
and Encinal Cycling Club. Delegate
at-Large Duboise of San Francisco was
present.
The rules governing the annual 100
mile relay race were amended so as to
allow a rider to take any wheel in case
of an accident. Heretofore only the
trailer's wheel could be accepted.
A communication from R. M. Welch,
chairman of the racing board, was read,
it stating that members of the associa
tion taking part in unsanctioned meets
of the schools and colleges would be
suspended for the season. Tracks where
the events are held will also be black
listed for a like period. The Elmhurst
Recreation track asked for a blanket
sanction for racing this season. This
was denied, and it was decided that no
blanket sanctions be given.
A proposition was presented by the
Oakland, San Leandro and Haywards
Electric Railroad for a twenty-five
mile track relay race to be held this
spring. The company will give a suit
able and valuable trophy. The proposi
tion was referred to the track racing
committee.
The Eagle Cycling Club of Napa was
elected to membership. Resignations
were read and accepted from the Bark
er Cycling Club of San Francisco and
the East Oakland Wheelmen. The
committee on interclub relations was
instructed to arrange for a whist tour
nament.
After the meeting the visitors were
entertained at a high jinks and feast
at the rooms of the Garden City Wheel
men in honor of that club's victory in
the recent annual twenty-five mile road
race of the California Cycling Clubs at
San Leandro. The cup won on that oc
casion was turned over to the wheel
men to-night. ,
CALM COMES
AFTER THE
BIG TEMPEST
The French Agitation
Will Be Renewed
at the Elections.
Zola's Appeal to the Su
preme Court Is Yet
Pending.
If It Is Quashed the Author
Will Give Himself Up.
at Once.
IS NOT SEEKING CLEMENCY
His Latest Book, "Paris," Is Not Up
to a High Standard and Is
Severely Criticized.
Copyrighted, IS9B, by James Gordon Bennett.
PARIS, March s.— lt is the calm after
the tempest. The coming elections will
doubtless bring us back once more to
a period of agitation. As yet we have
only reached the preliminary election
speeches.
As to the Zola question, his appeal to
the Supreme Court will not come up for
several days yet. Opinion is pretty
evenly divided as to his chances of the
points reserved in his defense being
sustained by the court. If, as many
barristers and magistrates at the
Palais believe, the appeal is quashed,
then Zola will give himself up as a
prisoner as soon as the decision is
handed down, at least unless there is
demand for delay, which would cer
tainly be accorded him. But his friends
think that he will not ask any favor,
and that if he goes to prison he will not
even seek to gain the benefit of a re
mission of half the punishment, which
he has a right to demand after six
months' incarceration, and which in a
case like this is never refused.
The appearance in book form of his
new work, "Paris," published first in
a periodical, completes, with "Lourdes
and Rome," the trilogy he set himself
to write, and coincides in regard to the
time of its appearance with the close
of his trial, but this circumstance has
not yet very strongly attracted atten
tion to the book in question, and it
does not seem to have obtained at the
hands of the public the same success
founded on curiosity which attended
the publication of several of his pre
vious works.
Critics are quite severe in regard to
this last production of the author of
"La Debacle." They are reproaching
htm notably with having described
Paris not as the grand Paris which
Victor Hugo baptized "La VilU- Lu
miere," but from a point of view of its
lower walk of life. It is filled with a
revolting spirit of anarchy and
abounds in political and stock-jobbing
scandals rather than with love, intelli
gence, passion and beauty, which cer
tainly, if one professes any sort of
philosophic Ideas, is not a point to be
absolutely neglected in a study that
bears a name so high sounding as
"Paris." The book in other respects
is rather heavy.
FRESNO COUNTY
RABBIT DRIVE
Holiday for Dwellers in the
Vicinity of Washington
Colony.
Shotguns the Weapons Used in the
Extermination of the
Hares.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, March s.— The first rabbit
drive of the season, which was held
south of Washington Colony yesterday,
was largely attended. AH the coun
try people were on hand to slaughter
the pests, while quite a number went
out from this city in vehicles to have
a day's sport. The drive was not as
largely attended as others have been in
past years, but there were a great
many people in the line and a big kill
ing was made.
The line started at about 10 o'clock,
consisting of m^n in carriages, on ranch
wagons, horseback and afoot. It
formed a crescent, and then began to
move. It was a shotgun drive, and
whenever two long ears popped up
from the brush the timid hare was the
target for many weapons. The line
hsd no sooner got fairly started than
a continual fusillade was kept up. The
line extended as far as one could see
in the smoky atmosphere, and all along
there was continual firing.
It is impossible to estimate the num
ber of the animals that were killed,
as most of them were allowed to lie
where they had fallen. It Is esti
mated, however, that there are from
1500 to 2000 less of the pests in that
particular part of the country.
It was a fine day for the drive, and
all went well until the last section had
been closed in on. when two slight ac
cidents occurred. One lad, whose
name was not ascertained, had a nar
row escape from death, having been
shot just above the eye. Two grains
of shot lodged in the flesh, but did not
penetrate far, as the shot had nearly
spent its force. Another youth had
his shin badly bruised, and it was
feared that the bones were broken, but
luckily that was not the case. In the
track of the slaughter an overzealous
exterminator of the bunnies wielded
his club right and left, and in one of
his swoops he landed on the boy's shins.
RELEASE FOR IRISH
POLITICAL PRISONERS.
LONDON, March s.— The six remaining
Irish political prisoners lying in the Eng
lish jails, convicted of dynamite offenses,
will be released in June. This informa
tion was given to the New York World
correspondent by an Irish Nationalist
Member on the authority of a Cabinet
Minister. The periodical review of the
sentences of these men takes place in
June, and their physical and mental con
dition is such that they must be released
on a medical certificate. Home Secretary
Ridley, a most humane man, will be quite
ready to give effect to euch medical re
commendations.
MUST HEED
THE DEMANDS
OF BAVARIA
Germany Receives
Due Warning in
the Reichstag.
Maintenance of Separate
Highest Military Court
Is Desired.
Unless This Request Is Granted
Statesmen Say There Is
Danger of a Crisis.
CLAIMS ARE SUPPORTED.
Minister of War Admits That the
Rights of the Bavarians Should
Be Heeded.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BERLIN, March s.— ln the Reichstag
this week during the debate on the re
form of the military code, remarkable
statements were made by Baron yon
Hertling, the Bavarian Centrist leader,
and Count yon Leechenfeld, the repre
sentative of the Bavarian Government.
Both asserted that if Bavaria was not
allowed to retain a hight-Ht
military court there was danger of a
very serious crisis. Baron yon HertlinK
added: "The Separatists have been
much strengthened lately, their senti
ment being shared not only by the
masses, but by the upper and the high
est circles."
The Minister of War, Baron vonGoss
ler, admitted that Bavaria insisted
upon separate military courts, and,
though the question was debatable,
which contention, he added, would be
supported by tho Federal and imperial
constitution, the Reichstag, like the
Bundesrath, supported Bavaria's
claims.
At a dinner, which the Imperial Chan
cellor, Prince Hohenlohe, gave to the
Parliamentary leaders, the same even
ing, he asked the Bavarian representa
tive what was the actual feeling, and
received the reply that Bavaria for
some time has been decidedly Prusso
phobic, the Regent and the whole Ba
varian court showing this feeling.
In spite of thp strenuous opposition
of Dr. Miquel, the Minister of Finance,
and the whole C4overnmen<, the Prus
sian Diet has amended the Government
bill for the relief of the victims of the
Slleslan woods, Increasing the appro
HBft \\ \\\\\\\\* jfßOtfr Mt^BL >sQbv^
X \ \ \ \ \ V^3hßt \ hk mG3m MHsBIV jf^E&£ j*^Bb v >>. *w
Brings back vim, vigor, energy TO MEN who have wasted their STRENGTH IN dissipation, in ahuse. The man who abuses Himself, who wrecfo
his manhood by those evil habits must certainly suffer. A certain and speedy cure is offered to such men.
HUDYAN cures Ringing in the Ears, Facial Nervous Twitchings, Premature Weakness. HUDYAN cures Hydrocele, Spermatorrhoea, Impotency and the Declines
nd Disabilities of Me n. HUDYAN is a remedy treatment, and can be had only from the Hudson Medical Doctors ; no one else has HUDYAN. Prostatitis is a disorder
ahat should be attended as soon as the slightest touch of it is experience! HUDYAN cures Prostastins and other like inflammations.
<S><s><S>4 > <^^ <^ < $><$'<§-<^ < 3> <^3>'&<^<3><S > <§> <3><§>3><B>-^<s-<*>3><^3><S>3>.»<§>3>4>3><3><§>
I Budyan Remedy Treatment I jHudyan . Remedy Treatment is I I CONSULT HUDSON DOCTORS I
X _ i« „ .«a»» <$> ) Certain to Cure Vancocete. a T . __ „_ ->T
J Sometimes Cures id 20 Days. ♦ ♦ write For circulars. . . : : % J FREE. ♦
<S> <B>.<S><{> <$> Q> <?><«> <s><S>4> ♦ <$><?> <5> <$>♦ <S> <J><S> -S> <$><S> <S> ♦.<s><s> 4 <5> ■«> f>'&&4> <S> «$> <?> <$><$> <S> 4> <$> <$> <*> <J> •«><s> <^ ■<S><S><s><s><s><s>
Read these symptoms, and if yon have many of them yon need the certain enre— the GREAT HDDYAN REMEDY TREATMENT. This remarkable discovery
has made the name and ihe fortunes of the Hudsonian Doctors of the Hudson Medical Institute.
NERVOTS DEBILITY— This affliction
destroys ambition, organic strength, en-
ergy and hope. Following are some of
the symptoms:
Do you feel weak?
Have you cold feet?
Have you a backache?
Do you shun society?
Are you losing flesh?
Do you sleep poorly?
Are you low spirited?
Are your eyes sunken?
Do you have hot flashes?
Is your memory Impaired?
Have you nu manly vigor?
Have you no vital energy?
Do you have sick headache?
Is there nausea after eating?
Do your hand* or feel sweat?
Has the brightness left your eyes?
Do you feel that you are unfit to marry?
If yon are in tins condition you should learn all about the Great Hudyan Remedy Treatment. It is sure to cure, it cures as certa'nly as yon nse it No
one else can give yon Hudyan but the Doctors of the Hudson Medical Institute.
CIRCULARS A.IVD TESTI/VVONIALS FREE.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE, Cor. Ellis and Market Streets, San Francisco, CaL
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SILK
?a fcl ;.-', jflp 8 n T C^s
I .SALE! I
I- on Sale a Special ©
To-Morrow we place oq Sale a Special i
Purchase consistiog of 3850 yards ©
of 24-INCH I
..NEW FOULARD SILKS..!
in very choice colorings; ©
excellent quality— |
I a- Cc a Regular value |
I At Uw/ yard. $1.00 and $1.25. |
I - SPECIAL! ■" V I
1 Attend our Great MUSLIN UNDERWEAR |
I SALE.
i for Particulars See Show Windows. M
®@®(sXsX!X«)®@®(s^^
priation from five million to ten million
marks. A number of delegates gave
harrowing details of the distress exist
ing, and insisted upon more prompt
and more generous help. Dr. Miquel
denied the urgency of the case, but the
House stuck to the amendment. The
Silesian Provincial Chamber this week
also appropriated one million marks for
the immediate relief of the sufferers.
Tug Underwriter Yet Missing.
NORFOLK, Va., March s.— Nothing
has been heard here of the tug Under
writer, which left this port for Havana
FAILING MANHOOD— When your man-
hood begins to go you will twitch and
show signs of premature weakness. Fol-
lowing are some of the symptoms:
Do your facial nerves twitch?
Are you all run down?
Spots before your ey«S?
Do the muscles twitch?
Have you pains in small of back?
Have you pains on each side of back-
bone?
Have you pains in head?
Have you shooting pains?
Do you feel fatigued?
Are you wean ?
Does your head swim?
Do your kn.es knock?
Does your hand tremhle?
Have you a milky or brickdust seiU-
ni< ni ?
Do you suffer from night losses?
to wing the derrick Chiof. The sole
reason ff.-r fear on her account is that
she must certainly have encountered
the terrible Thursday night and Friday
morning gale off Hatteras. However,
! the fact that no sign of her or her tow
i has been seen by any life-saving crew
I between Cape Henry and Hatteras is
i taken as a sign that the tug outrode
I the gale. The impression at the Mer
i ritt "Wrecking Company's office here is
i that she has of course had a rough
' trip, but will show up at either Ha
' vana err Key West safe enough. She
! has not had time under normal condi
l tions to make these ports.
NERVOUS TWITCHINGS— A nervous
man easily gets all in a tremble, gets fits
of weakness, fits of twitchings. Here are
some of the symptoms:
Do your eyes twitch?
Do your hands tremble?
Do you feel shaky?
Can you walk without halting?
Are you melancholy?
Do you have ringing in the ears?
Is your Wood poor?
Are your eyes weak?
Are your eyes bleary?
Dofc^ your head swim?FINDS YELLOW
FEVER GERMS
Professor Klebbs Dis
covers the Cause of the
Dread Disease.
Experiments in Which Science
Will Be Most Deeply
Interested.
It Is Shown That the Germ la
Not a Bacillus, but an
Amoeba.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
CHICAGO, March s.— The Times-
Herald will say to-morrow: Dr. Ed
win F. Klebbs, president of pathology
and bacteriology In the Post Graduate
Medical School, has discovered the
cause of yellow fever, As a result of
a series of experiments, extending over
two months, he has isolated the emoe
ba. which is without doubt responsible
for the disease, and he has been able
to trace its developments through a
number of stages in the various organs
of the body.
Professor Klebbs made his experi
ments f>n the stomach, duodenum
and liver of two patients who had died
of fever in Mobile. The material was
Pent him by Dr. Herman Mohr of that
city. The professor sought for the ba
cilli known as lanerillis and Sternberg'a,
but found no trace »'f them at all.
He then went to work on his own ac
count and by the aid of a special dye.
composed of fuchsin, methylin blue and
methylin green, he succeeded in iso
lating the desired germs.
The germ is not a bacillus, but an
amoeba. It causes inflammation of the
stomach when swallowed, and then in
the duodenum it assumes a sporustm
form appearing here much like a
blackberry. From there it migrates to
the liver, where it appears as a large
structurous body, about twice the size
of the red blood corpuscles. Its effect
is a rapid degeneration of the liver
While Professor Klebbs is confident he
has obtained the yellow fevei germ, he
will not make any scientific claim In
this direction until he has been able to
obtain live germs and make experi
ments with them.
ANNEXATION PLANS
DULY CONSIDERED
Senate Foreign Relations Com
mittee Decides on the
Course to Pursue.
When. All Are Convinced, the Treaty
Must Fail « Joint Resolution
Will B» Taken Up.
Special Blapatch to Tba Call.
Call Office. Riggs House,
Washington, March 5.
The Senate Committee on Foreign Re
lations held a two hours' sitting to-day in
an effort to decide upon what course to
pursue with reference to the Hawaiian
annexation treaty.
When the committee adjourned the
members refused absolutely to give out
any information to the press saying that
ail present had pledged themselves to
jiKs..lute secrecy.
The present intention of the committee
hold the treaty in executive session
until a test vote can be secured, and it is
still understood that the Bacon amend
ment, will be used for the purpose. If the
result of this vote indicates that a vote
upon the treaty itself would result in its
; the friends of annexation would
then resort to the expedient of a joint
resolution. . , _ ,
Some difference of opinion developed in
mmittee as to the wisdom of re
pjminK the executive sessions at all, but
it was urged that many of the Senators
would not assent to the change in the
method <>t proceeding until there should
be at le;ist a vote on the treaty itself,
and this view is understood to have pre
vailed.
FORTUNE CONTAINED IN
ONE CHUNK OF ORE.
Ten Thousand Dollar Specimen Taken
From the Plumbago Mine in
Nevada County.
NEVADA CITY, March s.—Superintend
ent Mason W. Mather of the Plumbago
mine was here to-day on the way to San
Francisco with $16,000 worth of
specimen ore he has recently taken
out. One chunk, weighing ninety-seven
pounds, is valued at $10,000. This mine
has produced $200,000 In the past year. In
four months" time two years ago it yield
fd $100,000. Tt is worked through a tunnel.
The ledge varios from one to four feet
in thickness. The ore generally Is of high
pmde and extra rich streaks are fre
quently developed. It is located on Middle
Tuba River, five miles above Moores Flat,
in Nevada County.
LARGE STRIKES IN
SEVERAL GERMAN CITIES
In Berlin Twelve Thousand Shoe
makers Demand a Uniform
Scale of Wages.
RERUN. March s.— There have been
iarßfli arßfl strikes in a number of German
cities. In Berlin 12,000 shoemakers have
Btruck for a uniform scale of wages, and
it is thought that the shoemakers else
where will join. The cabinet-makers of
Hamburg and Algona have struck for
nine hours' work per day. and at Dresden
8000 cigarette-makers have gone out on
Btrike There are similar reports from
<-hrtrlottenburg, Stettin. Koenigsbrrg and
Sorau and big strikes are Impending In
the Rhenish mining district. At Baron
yon Stumm's request, a detachment of
troops has been sent to the Saar district
to j.r<serve order.
GENERAL ROSECRANS
IS YET VERY LOW.
Little Hope That the Warrior Will
Recover From His Long
Illness.
LOS ANGELES. March s.— General W.
P Kosccrans Is still seriojusly 111. He re
covered consciousness to-day and took a
little nourishment. At 9 p. m. his tem
perature was 102% and his pulse 110. Ow
ing to his advanced age (79 years) and to
the further fact that he has long been
bedridden, the prospects for his complete
recovery are not bright. Bishop Montgom
ery has administered to him the last
rites of the Catholic church. Dr. John
R. Haynes. his physician, has left hi/
bedside and says that he will certainly
live the night out.
Sewer Farm a Nuisance.
WOODLAND. March *5.— The jury
reached a verdict in the case of ■ Balrd
Bros. vs. the city of Woodland this af
ternoon. - The sewer, farm Is declared a
public nuisance and plaintiffs are award
ed $1000 damages. j
HETTY GREEN
THE WINNER
More Pleased by a Court
Decision Than Receipt
of Millions.
Son of the Rich Woman Can
Act as Trustee of the
Howland Estate.
Protest of Heirs Who Are Anxious
for a Distribution All Made
in Vain.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, March s.— lf somebody had
presented Mrs. Hetty Howland Green
with a couple of millions of dollars this
| afternoon In the Taunton Probate
I Court room, or with an option on the
j State of Texas for her son, she would
i not have appeared more pleased than
when Judge Fuller ruled in her favor
; against the San Francisco heirs in the
matter of trusteeship of the Silvia Ann
Howland estate.
Moorneld Storey of Boston appeared
for Mrs. Green in support of her peti
tion that Edward H. 11. Green, her son,
and A. S. Lawrence of Boston be ap
pointed to fill vacancies on the board
of trustees of the property left by
Gideon Howland, her grandfather. This
property now amounts to about $1,500,
000, and Mrs. Green, by the terms of the
will and trust, receives the income and
will continue to do so durin ~ her life
time unless she sees fit to surrender it
and allow the estate to be divided. It
is not thought that Mrs. Green will sur
render any of the income yet. Mr.
Storey held that the gentleman named
in Mrs. Green's petition were qualified
to fill the positions and asked that the
court so rule.
Hon. William W. Crapo of New Bed- I
ford, the surviving 1 trustee, handed to
the court a batch of remonstrances
signed by seventy-two of the numerous
heirs to the estate, including those who
live in San Francisco, among whom
the money will be eventually divided.
In those remonstrances could be found
nothing against the appointment of the
persons named in the petition of Mrs.
Green save that Dr. Green ought not to
serve for two reasons, that he did not
live in the State and that his interests
were too close to the beneficiary. It |
was then stated to the court that Mrs. |
Green and her son would soon be resi- I
dents of Massachusetts, and so far as j
being related to the beneficiary was j
concerned Mr. Green had recently been
appointed a trustee in New York State,
where he was a legatee and more di
rectly interested than in this case. The j
court ruled that Mrs. Green's petition !
should be granted, and hereafter Mr.
Green will serve as one of the trustees
of the big estate.
Mrs. Green learned of the decision
from The Call's representative because
she was too excited to wait untU her
counsel could tell her and because she
did not hear the remarks of the court, j
She slammed a bundle she had in her j
arms down on the railing in front of
her and shouted "Good." During the
hearing she made so many audible
comments' upon the manner in which
Mr. Crapo appeared to be filing the
caus^ of the remonstrants that it was
feared that the court would take cog- j
nizance of them, but it did not. After j
the contest was over she was asked by .
The Call representative about making I
a residence in the State, and she re
plied that she was going to take up
her residence in Taumon. She liked
the place very much and wanted to be
somewhere near her old home at New-
Bedford.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Favorable Report on Perkins' Bill for
a Free Highway in Yo-
Semite Park.
WASHINGTON. March 5.— Thf Senate
Committee on Forest Reservations and
Protection of Game to-day reported fa
vorably Senator Perkins' bill "to exam
ine determine and report the facts neces- 1
sary to the establishment of a free public i
highway into the Yosemite National
Park." This is the bill in which Dr. Mc
ciean of Alameda and others are inter-
ested.
Representative Maguire has accepted
the invitation of the Manhattan Single
Tax Club of New York to he present at
its hanquet April 13, at the Hotel Mari
horough. New York, commemorating the 1
birth of Thomas Jefferson. He will make I
the principal address, responding to the
toast "Thomas Jefferson."
In the absence of General John M. Wil
son, chief of engineers, who has gone to !
Tortugas. nothing will be done in the j
matter of the San Pedro harbor contract.
Pensions have been granted as follows: I
California, original— John Fllmann. Val
lejo, $«; increase, James Brown, Oakland,
$S to $12.
Oregon. Increase— George W. Fordney,
Yoncalla, $20 to $»).
JOINS THE GILT EDGES.
Excellent Baseball Talent Signed by
Manager Kripp.
SACRAMENTO. March 5.— E. L. Kripp.
manager of the Gilt Edges, returned from
San Francisco last evening. There he at
tended a meeting of the Pacific States
Baseball league. He brought Matt
Stanley up with him to do the backstop
work. He also signed Borland, the heavy
hitting left-fielder of the Reliance Club,
and Peoples, who will play third. Sac
ramento will have the strongest team in
the State. The league games open here
on Sunday. March 27. The boys will prac
tice until the season opens.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
thFowiT
DRUG CO.
CUT-RATE
DRUGGISTS,
1128 Market St.,
SAN FRANCISCO
SPRING MEDICINES.
Pierces Medical Discovery 65c
Plerce's Favorite Prescription 05.:
Thompson Dandelion and Celery Co 60c
Hood's and Joy's Sarsaparilla 65c
Palno's Celery Compound Me
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound 65c
Cutlcura Resolvent 70c
Warner's Sa/e Cure 65c
Carter'? or Plerce's Pills 15c
Mrs. Allen's Female Restorative 65c
California Syrup Firs 35c
Baker' ■ Honduras Karsaparilla T.'.c
Carter's Catu-ara Compound 2ftc
Swift's Specific 65c
PtuartH Uy^iepsia Tablets 40c
William* I'ink Pills 35c
Ayer's Sarsaparllln «5c
Cnstoria 25c
Befccham'B and Thompson's Pills 10c
VIAVA REMEDIES.
The Viava Capsules and Cerate, three
months' treatment, regular price, $15; our
price, $10 &0.
A full lino of Vlava Remedies at cut rates. J
THE S^N' FEAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAKCH 6, 1898.
THE EMPORIUM.
Special that |§BB&aii
I 1
I Some women have the happy faculty of getting twice as much for their money as 5
I other women can or ever do. They are shrewd shoppers, know values and know where ;
I to get them. You'll find these ladies here to-morrow in greater numbers than ever, buying 5
1 Dress Goods, Curtains, Art Linens, Sewing Machines, Groceries, etc., for they will "ij
I recognize at a glance the unusual money-saving chances offered in these five columns. ;
New Dress Goods.
Nothing short of double last season's business in Dress Goods
will satisfy us this spring. We have made our plans to do it. We
shall show the most styles, the most liberal quantities, at as low
prices as it is possible to sell goods for and conduct a legitimate
business. We invite an inspection of the great assortments already
here by making an extraordinary inducement in French Henrietta
Cloth for Monday and Tuesday only.
no pieces of new double- warp satin-finish French Henrietta,
46 inches wide, made from the best Australian wool— the regular $1.00
a yard quality, and good value at that — for Monday and Tues- T^Vc
day, only one suit to a customer, per yard..... a
// comes in all these new colorings:
Mordere Clair Ciel Clair New Purple Argent Narcarat
Mordere Marine Ciel Cardinal 9! tn^
M arr on New Blue ; ; • Scorpion Sultan Old Rose
Loutre Gris Blu; Dresden Sapho Plum Mode
New Green Myrtle Gris Rose Cream
Other New Spring Fabrics.
38-inch All-Wool Iridescent English Twills, spring colorings, per yard 50c
45-inch All-Wool Pebble Cloth, spring colorings, per yard 65c
46-inch All-Wool London Diagonals, spring colorings, per yard 75c
46-inch Ail-Wool Covert Cloth, in the new tailor effects, per yard 75c
48-inch" All-Wool Princess Cloth, new spring colorings, per yard 90c
46-inch All-Wool Changeable V.goraux, in the correct spring shades, per yard. sl.oo
48-inch All-Wool Diagonal Covert Cloth— a magnificent fabric for tailor-made
4 suits — per yard •• • ■'• • • $1.25
48-inch All-Wool Popeline Vigoraux, in rich colorings, per yard ' $1.50
50-inch All-Wool Illuminated Covert Cloth— a high-grades novelty for tailor-
made suits — per yard . $1.75
Black Dress Goods for Spring.
Space will only permit the mention of three of the many high
novelties for 1898 now on display and sale.
Patois— granite weave, the surface covered with Jacquard effects in artistic
designs — per yard • $1.75
Westola— another new and attractive black fabric, 44 inches wide, the ground
showing poplin weaves with Jacquard effects in relicf — per yard $1.75
tAlgona is the triplicate alliance of crepon, granite and poplin, arranged in a
charmingly artistic manner in Bayadere effect— per yard ; $2.00
32 Lucky Customers
Will get $40 Sewing Machines for $19.85 on Monday and Tuesday.
That is all that are left of the Golden Rule Sewing Machines, and at
the price they will probably all be sold before Tuesday night.
\B|rs(\ The Golden Rule Sewing Machine is made by
ij§Yf\\\ one of the best-known sewing machine companies
tL jWl\r\\ in America, but,, being made for us to sell at a special
|^^p\) price, they could not use their own name. It is
P^ =^-^<^ equal to any $40 sewing machine made — superior
1 i|i|^ - /MliiH] to most $40 machines and to confirm this we give
vtej^^^^ifil an absolute guarantee for five years.
jK53r/^ii High grade, high arm, finely finished, construction very
rSir/ dßf}} strong and simple, almost impossible to get out of order, has
*-*!wffi§^£^i[ ' extension table with 5 drawers, the price each <£|Q OR
~J[o2£s&-J* f or the 32 left to-morrow or until sold Cpl zJ.O^J
Art Linens, Etc.
On the bargain tables in the main aisle we shall
display Monday and Tuedsay high-class novelties in
Stamped Linens— Doylies, Center Pieces, Scarfs and
Table Squares — ranging in price from 10c to $2.25
each — about half regular price.
Colored Art Linen Table Covers, round and square, silk-whipped hem,
were $2.48 each— will go quickly at • $1.00
Bureau Mats, in sets of five pieces, all linen, trimmed with linen Torchon
lace, were Si. 6B per set — on Monday and Tuesday 75c
Art Ticking and D°nim Laundry Bags, stamped, same finish 25c and 35c
Tambour Scarfs, 18x54 inches — each 2Oc
Tambour Sham% per pair 50c to 51. 50
Swiss Pique and Duck Bureau Sets, in three qualities — reduced to
25c, 35c and 50c
Denim Cushion Shells, machine embroidered, were 58c each— will be 25c
Denim Cushion Tops, in dragon and coat of arms designs — each 10c
Colored Linen Burlap Cushion Tops, with back in Orientaltinteddesigns,
oblong shapes — each 35c
Colored Linen Burlap Cushion Tops, tinted, 24x24 inches — each 35c
Linoleum Wash Stand Sets, of six pieces — per set 25c
Bureau Cases for hanJkerchiefs and veils, Irish point hand embroidery
trimmed — each 50c
New Japanese Crepes.
Our spring importation of the most serviceable
and best washing Cotton Wash Fabric made is now
ready.
They were made expressly for the Emporium and Golden
Rule Bazaar — the new shades of solid colors and the dainty
stripes and checks being correct reproductions in cotton, from
samples of spring silks sent to the manufacturers with our order.
In the solid colorings there are :
Light Blues. Lavender. Rose Pink. Canary.
Dark Blues. Nile Green. Light Pink. New Gray.
They are all 30 inches wide — 3J yards is ample for a waist
— 10 to 14 yards make a full suit — per yard 2Oc
iK«Emporium i^uleßaz^r
"^SSlf'For the right aoods at the ridht : pr ices.<r :
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
Grocery Economy.
On Monday and Tuesday we offer the biggest and best Grocery
Bargains ever given by a San Francisco store. The saving you will
make on two dozen eggs alone will pay for your carfare. The saving
on your other groceries all clear profit.
Best Creamery Butter that can be made, large,
heavy squares, Monday and Tuesday. only. . . . 38c
Choice Fresh Ranch Eggs, money refunded if you
are not pleased, Monday and Tuesday, per dozen. . I2>c
These Special Prices on Schilling's Best Extracts and Spices
until our present stock is sold:
2-ounce Banana, Strawberry, Celery, Almond or Ginger Extracts, each 15c
4-ounce Vanilla and Lemon Extracts, each. •. 33c
16-ounce Vanilla and Lemon Extracts, each .$1.25
2-ounce Pepper, Mustard, Ginger, Nutmeg and Marjoram, each. ... 5c
4-ounce Pepper, Mustard, Ginger, Allspice, Cinnamon, Cloves, Nutmeg
and Cayenne Pepp^ r, each . 10c
8-ounce White Pepper, Black Pepper, Mustard, Ginger, Cinnamon an i
Cloves each * 18c
16-ounce Pepper, Mustard, " Ginger and Allspice, each 30c
2^-pound cans Pepper and Mustard, each 70c
Our Regular Lowest Prices.
Fancy Carolina Rice, lb 8c I Quince Nectar Drips, gal 6oc j Edam Cheese 85c
Welch Bros.' Vermont Maple Fancy Shredded Cocoanut, in Pineapple Cheese, 3 sizes......
Sugar, i-lb. bricks 15c ; bu k ,ib 16c _ £•-•— 5? c - 5.8c and $l-c 4
Best Fard Dates, Ib-..— "* | Jordan Almonds, Ib 45 c Fancy Mild California Cheese,
Z^° P . *" z -'" •• •■ — -75 C : imported Prunells, 1b... 2OC Ib — -
White Swan Soap (compare it Imported Macaroni, Vermicelli __. - - .
with Ivory Soap and see if and Spaghetti, Ib I2^c r|s|l TOr Leflt.
you can find any difference, iWu zen Waffers, assorted, 1- | : :- ,-r",
caKe 6c i Ib. tins 25c j Large Bloater Mackerel. 2for2sc
Loose Cluster Raisins, Ib 7c I Bent's Water Waffers, i-lb. I Labrador Herring 10 for 25c
WoodlawnMapleSyrup,eal.si.i6! tins - • 25c No. 1 Mackerel, kits $1.75
Golden Rule Cane Syrup, ' Pio Moro Lucca Oil, gal. . ; Salmon Bellies, kits Si. 25
gal 45c I cans $2.00 I Salmon Trout Bellies, kits $1.25
Grocery Department— Main Floor. Rear.
Direct Grocery Telephone, South 59.
Carlsbad China...
Several lots of useful Carlsbad China articles in pretty shapes,
&f-f-%z with up-to-date decorations, marked
♦ IV'Ti wonderfully low for Monday's and
tf^^^Lv-v^^x^te^tSßN Tuesday's selling and while the quan-
Urwf -\ \y nTI toy in stock lasts '
\JI y%i 'I \kJ5 \\^ Decorated Carlsbad China Breakfast Set, con-
AM^ Sw^->-v^_ __L_^>^!> JI/ sisting of Butter Bowl with cover and drainer, Sugar
' -*/ Bowl with cover.Spoonholder and
-^ag-jga^ .^r~^am ■ Creamer, shape like in picture, dec- 2P/
* orations in latest shades of green with solid gold <£j At\
1 trimmings, for the set • .vpl.T"Vf - i
!&^7?*ss& Decorated Carlsbad China Mustard Pots, with ic_ fit* 1
vWffi®KyL' : China Mustard Spoons to match— each * XJK ' }&$& \
§orauons latest shades China Toothpick Holders, in j/\ I
trimmings, for the set vJ>i«T"vf
Decorated Carlsbad China Mustard Pots, with tci fit* 1
China Mustard Spoons to match— each IVf^
Decorated Carlsbad China Toothpick Holders, in y *^m}>
dainty designs — each * l( 4rH \\\
M^^^H Carlsbad China Spoon Holder, decorations in flower ji V^^f-.YI
effects or figured designs like picture— :ach "^ y/; a^-'|\
yMsi&%o Imitation Cut Glass Tall Celery Holders, like illus- 17 c 4^^^J^
"^Sl^^^pß^ tratinn pqrh I# 1* at *^
Fancy Shirts.
The new styles and colorings
for spring are ready this week.
Everything that is nobby and up-
to-date can be found in San Fran-
cisco's largest. Men's Furnishing
Store, and at fair prices.
Men's New
Spring Colored
P Bosom and All
,—^/^§s^ Colored Bodied
»«&m£Js§£K Shirts, with sepa-
's»?SWS§iL' rate-link cuffs and
t^^^W^/ tie to match, a very
VS^M///////, large assortment,
W^lZtf////// price each.. <t1.09
IJ44tff9J^ Men's New
*i5 a *^rT;' Spring Colored
glSlffJ* Bodied Shirts, with
2 sepaa c pairs of
link cuffs and tie
to match, in the
newest and nobbiest colorngs, <L 1.50
price each..... ...-m" —
Men's New Spring Golf Shirts, with
separate link c ffs and tie to match,
in Madras. Percale and Crepe, a very
handsome variety to ~ se'ect Cl.oo
from— price each .x m" —
Men's New Sprintr Neckwear In
Tecks, Puffs Band Bows and Four-
in- Hands, in th; newest fashionabli
shades of stripes, etc., price '■■sfi'J.'-
each °y^
Men's Sprine Weight Merino and
Natural Wool Shirts and Drawers-
all sizes— ought to be 75c eich— fa.
our price per garment.:............ vJVFL.
THE EMPORIUM.
• , TO - _--- Curtains and
ll^^^fe Draperies.
'™fl\ VnM& The annual sale of Curtains, Dra-
*ffl-&j0$& peries, Cushions, Table Covers, etc.,
&d=*l : :& begins to-morrow — 25 per cent (one-
mJW^iW^ quarter) of of all of this class of house
Iffljv ?|^ furnishings — now, at the time when
M 1 1&*& ' housekeepers are brightening up their
t ■ 1«&^ homes and adding the spring fittings.
jysb£v H-r' As a sample of the saving to be made :
53.00 Silk Covered Cushions re- $3.50 Chenille Portieres n0w..52.75
duced to • $2.25 54.50 Chenille Portieres n0w..53.75
$3.00 Sateen Covered Cushions r*- $4 00 Tapestry Portieres" n0\v..52.75
duced t0....... $2.00 52.75 Tapestry Curtains n0w..52.00
Si. 50 Sateen Covered Cushions re- j $4.50 Novelty Rop* Portieres now
duced to ....$1.00.......:............... ..........$3.50
75c a yard Tapestries reduced to 60cf $2.75 10-quarter Chenille Table
75c a yard Bagdad Strip's reduced Covers now... $2.25:
t 0- ;> " .........:55c $1.75 8 quarter Chenille . Tanle
I2»icayard Silkolines reduced to 10c Covers n0w..... $1.35
15c a yard Denims reduced t0..12,i^c .75c Six-quarter Chenille Table Cov-
51.50 Snowflake Curtains now SUOJers now -- 55c
f2.00 Snowtbke Curtains now $1.50 i Qjd pairs of Irish Point, mS■ -
■ 111 BSS£ n« « < Sw-™:™z::a* «&; a—^ita r^««
40c Curtain Nit now ,v 30c bum .and U\prceltv Curtains and
15c Curtain Net now.. .:.... 10c Odd Portieres at half price.
£6.50- Brussels Effect Lace Cur-: • Cur!alnBaua Drapertea _
tains ••* 54.UU : Second floor, east side. ■ ■ ... -* -•''.
Swiss Music Boxes.
Half price for a limited quantity of good. Swiss Music Boxes-
enough perhaps to last through Monday's and Tuesday's selling.
f A constant delight in a home, an attraction for public places. They
play operatic and dance music and popular airs.
$20.00 Music Boxes now. $10.00
$25.00 Music Boxes n0w. . . . ........ . . . . . ...........'. -. $12.50
$28.00 Music Boxes now .:...... . $15.00
$50.00 Music Boxes now. ; .-..'...-..*.. ... $25.00
$75.00 Music Boxes now. . . . .... . ". . . ....... . . : $40.00
5
THE EMPORIUM.6
SUNDAY. .^-.-......MARCH 6, 1898
"~~ JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S.LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third SU, 3. F
' Telephone Main IS6B.
EDITORIAL ROOMS SIT to 221 Stevenson street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mail $6 per year; per month
£5 cents. ______»_—
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mail. $1.53
OAKLAND OFFICE ■ ~. "••'• ..........903 Broadway
Eastern Representative, DAVID ALLEN.
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
WASHINGTON (D. C. OFFICE.. Rlftft* House
C. C. CARLT'^N, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery street, corner Clay
epeo until 9:50 o'clock- 339 Hayes street: open until
- 30 o'clock- 62! McAllister street; open until 9:33
c'clock- 615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets: open until
I o'clock- 2518 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock
106 Eleventh St.; open until 9 o'clock. 1505 Polk street
open until 930 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second
end Kentucky streets; open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin—" Rip Van Winkle," to-morrow night.
Columbia— "Shall Wo Forgive Her."
Alcazar— "False Shame." CS '
Korosco's— "Saved From the Sea."
Tivoli— "Too Geisha-"
Orptaeum— Vaudeville. , I" \' „ _ ,
Auditorium. Mason and Ellis streets- Recital Saturday
afternoon. March 12. • ■
Olympla, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
The Chutes— Chlqutta and Vaudeville.
Mechanics' Pavilion-Masquerade Ball. Saturday evening,
March 12.
California Jockey Club, Oakland— Races to-morrow.
Coursing— lnrleaide Coursing Park, this mornlnjr.
Coursing:— At Union Coursing Park. .thla morning.
AUCTION ' SALES.
By G. H. T T mb6on— Monday. March 7, Real Estate, at 14 Mont
pomery Blreet. at 12 o'clock. •..'■•. _ ...
THE CITY HfILL VENDETTfI.
AUDITOR BKODERICK having publicly
stated that by direction of his legal adviser,
Mr. Murphy, Mayor Pheian has turned his
typewriter loose on his enemies, the time seems to
have arrived when the people may with propriety
interfere in affairs at the City Hall. It is not likely
that May..r Phelari's typewriter will herself he able
to indict much damage upon the Auditor or any
body else. So far as Mr. Broderick is concerned he
is rather a tough customer and capable at all times
of defending himself. But it is what this young lady
represents that should give the people pause.
Mayor Phelan's typewriter, be it remembered, is
backed up by Counselor Murphy, Colonel Sullivan,
N. *"'■ C, and a regiment of dismounted artillery.
At this crisis it is not necessary to inquire into the
causes of the feud between the Mayor and the Aud
itor. It appears that a big deficit is. as the late Mar
cus D. Boruck would say. about to "eventuate" at the
City Hall. Mayor Phelan, being at the head of the
government, is, of course, primarily responsible for
all deficits; but in this case, desiring to run for office
again and wishing to make the people think that he
is a model municipal administrator, with character
istic cunning he is trying to make his typewriter
throw the responsibility upon Auditor- Broderick.
The typewriter is probably doing the best she can,
but Counselor Murphy's thinking, machine does not
seem to work with facility and Colonel Sullivan is no
lawyer.
The ground upon which the people may with pro- j
priety interfere in the vendetta is this: While Mayor
Phelan is spending his time dictating, to his type
writer, while Counselor Murphy, his legal adviser, is j
engaged in a fruitless attempt to collect his thoughts, 1
and while Colonel Sullivan is preparing for a war
with Spain, the treasury is slowly being depleted, i
The Auditor is powerless to prevent a deficit. He
can only refuse to sign illegal demands. The Mayor '
and the Finance Committee regulate expenditures — \
the latter in creating them and the former in signing
them nn their way to the treasury. The only theory,
therefore, on which the vendetta may be permitted to
proceed is that it is more important that Mayor i
Phelan should be re-elected than that some of the
tax eaters at the City I Tall should be choked off and
taxation reduced.
Fortunately there is n regiment of militia in the
town not commanded I>y Colonel Sullivan. We
refer to the detachment officered by Ji- • Smith.
Colonel Smith, we believe, is also a Democrat and a
sympathizer of Mayor Phelan in his thirst for
Auditor Broderick's gore. The important ques
tion, then, is whether Colonel Smith could be relied
on to do his duty in case it should be necessary to
call out the First Regiment to suppress the Phelan-
Broderick feud. It seems probable that unless
Mayor Phelan can be forced to abandon controver
sial politics and attend to his business the tax eaters
will carry away the City TTall altogether. Why does
he not turn h\< typewriter loose on the superfluous
officials who are eating into the treasury like apple
tree borers all the time?
The police of Paris have a curious way cf discour
aging mnrder. Tn the first place they catch the as
sassin and send him upon a course which only ends
when his head is in the basket. Now they have is
sued a pamphlet showing that out of twenty-seven
murders committed for gain there was an average
profit of a little over $15. That this disappeared dur
ing the course of the trials is a reasonable supposi
tion, and the guillotine closes every chapter.
An elderly man from lowa has been robbed of the
$165 with which he intended to outfit himself for the
Klondike. As a matter of course he is not pleased,
and yet he ought to regard himself as lucky. To go
to the gold regions with only such equipment as
could be secured for that sum would be to invite
starvation or the privilege of freezing to death.
Two men who insulted some unescorted ladies
riding wheels in the park are in jail, with every pros
pect of staying there for a while. The ladies are to
be congratulated not only on this fact, but that they
•had the courage to undergo the ordeal of appearing
in court against the pests.
Another of the justly celebrated knife fights of
which San Quentin convicts make a specialty
has just taken place. Some clay the authorities of
that institution will be goaded to the desperate
course of disarming the prisoners.
Mr. Wilett. now a resident of Redwood City, indi
cates a willingness to be hanged which does credit to
his judgment. He may be assured tha,: in this posi
tion he will be sustained by the public, which will
gladly pay for the rope.
The telegraph states that "Weyler is boastful."
Now, in these stirring times, is there any excuse for
trying to palm off a chestnut like that as news?
AN OPEN QUESTION.
GOVERNOR BUDD has addressed a commu
nication to the Governor of every common
wealth in the Union admitted to statehood
since the admission of California asking them to co
operate in holding a grand exposition to commemor
ate that historic event in the development of Ameri
can civilization on the Pacific Coast and throughout
the Great West, and assigning cogent reasons why
the celebration should be made not by California
alone, but by joint action of all Western States and
Territories.
By these communications the great enterprise will
be brought officially to the notice of the executives
of the various States, and the movement to attain it
may be said, therefore, to have taken definite
form. It is no longer a subject for discussion merely,
but for action. The Governor asks that delegates be
appointed to an interstate convention to discuss the
pioject and arrange plans for accomplishing it, and
to such a request there can be hardly any other than
a favorable response.
It is noteworthy that in his letter the Governor
leaves the place as well as the date of holding the
convention open for future determination. lie also
leaves open the question where the proposed exposi
tion shall be held, and refers to that point no further
than to state that "Mayor Phelan of San Francisco
will shortly appoint a committee to look after the in
terests of that city in connection with the exposition,
and the Mayors of other cities of the State will do
likewise."
The reticence of the Governor on these points of
time and place is of course proper and fitting under
the circumstances. Since other States are invited to
take part in the enterprise and. if they consent, will
have to share the expense to some extent, it is im
perative that the delegates of those States should
have a voice in determining where the exposition
shall be held and also where and when the convention
called to prepare for it shall meet.
San Francisco can have no just objection to the
Governor's letter on this score It leaves the field
open to her as to all other cities of the State and
even all cities of the Great West. If she procures the
holding of the exposition within her limits it will be
on her merits as the metropolis of the coast, and not
by forestalling other cities by a cut and dried pro
gramme. The victory, if she wins it, will be therefore
the more welcome as well as the more honorable
and the more profitable.
While all this will be conceded, it will nevertheless
be recognized that we must not be backward in
pressing our claims for the fair. The scheme was
originated in this city by The Call and has been first
taken up and advocated here. These give us some
claim for the honor of holding the exposition in ad
dition to those derived from our superiority of size
3nd greater facilities for making the exposition a
notable one and accommodating the crowds that will
attend it. On these grounds we can win by the ex
ercise of energy, but we cannot win without energy.
It is safe to say that Los Angeles and Oakland, in
this State, and perhaps some of the vigorous cities
outside, will make a fight for the advantage of hold
ing the first grand exposition of the whole Golden
West. We must, therefore, be ready for the contest
when the convention meets. Let us prepare for it
now.
THAT OAKLAND PARK-
THREE things bar the recent park ordinance
passed by the Solid Six in the Oakland Coun
cil. The land is probably worth the high price
asked, but not for a park, because it is a rate that is
luxurious even for cities of a million inhabitants.
Oakland cannot afford to pay such a price. The next
veto on it is that the people will not vote for such a
proposition begun or submitted by the present city
government. With a Grand Jury investigating
charges against the Council and Board of Works, and
with public feeling finding expression in the mobbing
of Councilmen, the people will not vote to put any
other great matter in the hands of their government.
The third is that under any circumstances it is
doubtful if the people of that city can be induced to
consider any park proposition that does not include
the final obliteration of the West Oakland marsh.
The true policy in park making is to convert land
that is not good for any other use. Where Central
Park, New York, now blooms was a rough district,
useless for any other purpose. It was populated by
goat-milking squatters, and disorderly gangs hid
among its crags and ledges. It was a dumping place
for offensive waste and was an affront to all the
senses.
Golden Gate Park, in this city, was built on blear
sand dunes, waste and worthless: and Buena Vista,
one of our park reserves yet to be developed, is a
high peak, worthless, unless graded down, for any
ordinary use. Its altitude, the view It commands of
the ocean and bay, make it of the highest value as a
part of our park system.
Mr. Church of the Park Commission of Essex
County, N. J., in a recent address on "Park Bene
fits" to the New Jersey State Horticultural Society,
said: "It is demonstrated that parks are immensely
profitable as investments. They increase the value
of real estate and brings a large public revenue. It
is one of the principles of park making to take land
which would be difficult of use for any other pur
pose and dangerous to the general health and elim
inate its unsightly and menacing character by con
verting it into a pleasure ground. The Back Bay
fens in Boston are a good example of this. For years
they had lain, as the Hackensack and Newark
marshes in New Jersey lie now, unsightly stretches
of useless land, too insecure for the erection of fac
tories, too marshy for the building of houses. The
Metropolitan Park Commission acquired them, and
by an inexpensive system of pumping mud from the
lagoons, and a drainage system, has made them one
of the most picturesque features of the park plan."
Oakland, being under the same necessity to get rid
of the noisome and menacing features of her Six
teenth street marsh, and with the great profit in pros
pect from its conversion into a pleasure ground, to
be seen by the hundreds of thousands who pass it
every year on the overland, suburban and local
trains, will never be gnilty of the short-sighted policy
of paying a luxurious price for land that needs no
conversion and is far out of sight of visitors and out
of reach of the majority of her people.
For these reasons we don't think it necessary to
further discuss the park ordinance, which has been
• passed under circumstances that would injure the
I chances of the most meritorious measure.
. While it is true, as the papers have stated, that ig
nominy has been heaped on Councilman Woodward
of Oakland, there is a suspicion that ignominy is not
all he got out of the deal.
There need not be great concern over rumors that
Spain is engaged in buying all the idle battle-ships
afloat. To buy ships requires either money or
credit.
THE SAN FBAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH ff, 1898.
OUR fiLfISKAN TRfJDE.
BY formal and official act the work of promoting
the Alaskan trade of California has been trans
ferred from the special committee appointed for
th~ task in this city to the State Board of Trade, and
the latter body has accepted the duty with a cordial
willingness which gives good promise of zeal and
fidelity in the performance of it.
The change of management is in every respect a
good one. The members of the Board of Trade have
long been engaged in work so similar to that ex
pected of them in the present instance that they may
be accounted experts in the business. The board is
known throughout the Union and in the principal
cities of Europe. It has correspondents in all im
portant centers. It knows where to look for trade
and how to reach it. The reputation it has achieved
by exhibits and by other forms of making known the
advantages of California as a place of industry and
of residence will stand it in good stead now in pro
moting this particular phase of our commercial de
velopment.
It is highly important that the Alaskan trade in
terests, not of San Francisco only, but of all Cali
fornia, should be in the hands of a permanently or
ganized association and under the direction of men
of large influence and varied experience in promot
ing State enterprises. The trade is going to be some
thing more than the boom of a year. Unless all men
who have visited Alaska and given any time to a
serious consideration of its resources ha\'e united in
a compact to deceive the public and agreed upon a
story to tell, that vast region is something more than
a desolation of ice and snow. Its riches of gold will
be sufficient to maintain a profitable trade for years
to come, and may perhaps develop there an industry
which will be permanent. At any rate there is to be
"big business" done there for several successive sea
sons, and to obtain and hold a fair share of it Cali
fornia will have need of an energetic and well directed
management of her interests.
The struggle for commercial advantage and su
premacy is the form which has been taken in our
time by the primeval strife which results in the sur
vival of the fittest. It is conducted on a scale of vast
magnitude by nations and with rivalry hardly less in
tense by different communities of the same nation.
Foi this the fleets of Great Britain. Russia and Ger
many are now gathering along the coast of China,
and for this every progressive city in the United
States exerts its activities in competition with its
neighbors.
We could not escape Irom this struggle if we
would. We must fight for Californian supremacy
on the Pacific Coast or renounce our destiny, and the
fight to be successful must be waged by co-operative
effort. There may be many excellent ways for
bringing abotit the desired co-operation, but surely
one of the best is that which has been adopted by
entrusting the work of promoting our Alaskan in
terests to the State Board of Trade. That much hav
ing been well done, let all now unite to strengthen
the board and speed the work to complete success.
STATE LIBRARY EXTENSION.
AMONG the plans which the Board of Trustees
will consider for the improvement of the
State Library and an increased use of it by
the people consideration should be given to . the
traveling library system now in vogue in several of
the Eastern States and at present under discussion in
California. No better scheme could be dev.ised for
rendering the State Library serviceable to the com
munity at large, and the trustees will make a great
mistake if they do not provide for undertaking it.
The system under which traveling libraries are
operated in the East has been several times explained
in The Call of late, and it is not necessary at this
time to go over the ground again. It suffices to say
that the system is no longer an experiment. It has
been tested and found to work well both in thickly
populated States like New York and in newer and
more sparsely settled communities like Wisconsin.
In each case it has been found to till a popular need,
and has been so cordially received in localities where
public libraries do not exist thai the successful opera
tion of the system is no longer a matter of doubt.
The conditions of rural life in California are such
that a system of traveling libraries is more necessary
here than in any other State. The people of our
rural districts are as cultured as those of New Eng
land, but they live in communities as sparsely settled
as those of almost any part of the Great West. Their
general culture gives them a desire for books and
an ability to appreciate their value and to profit by
them, but their remoteness from towns and cities
prevents them from enjoying the advantages of li
braries. To them, therefore, the traveling library
would come as a veritable boon, and since they are
taxed to support the State Library it Is only just that
it should be conducted in a way to give some of its
benefits.
There is nothing in the operation of the proposed
system that would entail any considerable cost on the
State or detract from the value of the library as a'
storehouse of learning for the use of the Legislature
or special students at Sacramento. The expense of
shipping the books in circulation from one locality
to another would be defrayed by the members of the
association receiving them, and no valuable work of
prime importance to the State need be placed among
the number of those included in the traveling sets.
It is perhaps impossible to establish a traveling
library system with the State Library as a nucleus
until the next session of the Legislature, but in the
meantime the trustees might profitably devise a plan
for carrying out the work and have it ready for sub
mission for enactment into law when the Legislature
meets. The system is certain to prove as popular in
California as it has been found to be in New York
and other Eastern States, and the present board can
hardly find any better means of making their ad
ministration memorable in the history of the library
and in the minds of the people than putting it into
practice here.
The physical director at Berkeley has violated a
very precious law. He is not a physician* and jet he
has presumed to patch up minor bruises received by
his pupils during gymnasium practice. Naturally the
doctors are indignant. Yet the public does not fully
understand and gropes for light. Would a student
athlete by chance achieving a bloody nose be subject
to medical rebuke if he tried t^o stanch the flow of
gore?
Some of the Spanish papers have the hardihood to
suggest that Consul-General Lee should be recalled
from Cuba. If they do not want him there it is an
excellent reason why he should be there. Perhaps
the Spanish had better order him to get out and see
how it works.
It is surprising to note that a person described as
a lady is going about indulging in the reprehensible
vocation of "flim-flamming." As a rule ladies avoid
this method of acquiring pin-money.
WITH ENTIRE FRANKNESS.
Several intimations have reached me
of an intention on the part of a number
of gentlemen to treat me to an experi
ence which they crudely designate as
being thumped. The idea is not pleas
ing, and a natural Interest in prospec
tive events has actuated some inquiry.
I learn the reason for the war talk to
be certain things said in this paper by
"A Modest Critic." I am not a modest
critic; neither do I propose to be a docile
Instrument fur the vicarious correction
of any one who is. When the day shall
come that I must be thumped let it be
on strictly personal account. I only
ask the belligerents to refrain from as
saults from the rear, and to remember
that In arguments 'between gentlemen
brass knuckels are barred.
Sometimes feeling an Impulse to say
something savoring of unkindness, I
almost regret that a sweet and sunny
nature forbids. Only for this restrain
ing influence I would remark now that
the Senators and Representatives in
Cuba as a part of Hearst's traveling
zoo are the cheapest lot of monkeys
ever caged. I would add that there is
no surprise In the fact that Hearst has
tried a scheme like this to advertise
his continuous performance, but that It
is surprising that he found a number of
public men so nearly shameless as to
abandon the work they are paid to do
and become exhibits. That they have a
trace of decency left is shown by an at
tempt to excuse their inaecorous and
vulgar conduct on the ground of going
in quest of information for their own
guidance. In other words, attempting
to palliate an offense most unseemly,
they add to it a silly lie. If these men
had resigned, if they had by proper
method left the high places they dis
grace, the Senate and House would
have gained in dignity. As it is both
bodies are brought into ridicule, and
the world will wonder what manner of
creature is here intrusted with respon
sible duty. Of the gang bought by
Hearst but two were ever worth men
tioning. Thurston of Nebraska was
supposed to have brains and judgment,
the opinion flattering him. He has luck
instead. He is a corporation lawyer,
who bamboozled the farmers into a be
lief not only that the leopard could
change his spots, but was anxious to
do so, he being the leopard. Cummings
of New York is a professional news
paper faker, who has simply relapsed
from statesmanship into his old trade.
I do not wish to be understood as say
ing these things. They are merely
things I would say if not handicapped;
nor do I wish the hopeful band the ill
fortune of being in Havana if the ard
ent Spanish ther^ get to cracking the
American skull. Drowning would be as
effective, and would not give rise to
international complication,' of which
there is already an oversupply. These
impertinent junketers, with their heads
caved in, would have to be rated as
dead statesmen, while at the bottom
of the sea they would be merely a set
of abated nuisances, and nothing to
pay.
• • •
It Is not reasonable that police court
lawyers should expect time to be grant
ed them during sessions to denounce
each other as "Mars" and "curs." This
is a busy generation, and it is willing
to take some things for granted. The
inutiltty of trying to gather figs of this
tles is no more firmly established than
the belief that a police court lawyer is
all his opponent in malpractice can
possibly paint him.
• •
There is an oldmanlivingin this city,
his name Diamond, his age as given by
himself 102 years. As respect is natu
rally due the one whitened by the pass
ing of many seasons, the feeling toward
the venerable Diamond could hardly
fall short of reverence. There is some
thing august about the man who has
braved the storms of a century, who
stands at last- alone at the- head of a
path marked on either side by the
graves of generations, born, matured
and in fullness of time gathered to their
fathers while the solitary figure has
survived, a living link between the
present and a past that is dead. Yet
in the case of Diamond, I wcmld like
to see the proofs. He looks to be a
well-preserved man of 80. Supposing
that inadvertently he has added a score
of years to his record the mistake
would be hard to detect. He has nev
er married, and therefore there are no
relatives who might serve as a check.
Living so solitary a life as he has, even
if no more than 80, there would be
great difficulty in controverting any
statement he might make in relation
to this matter. I do not wish to cast
any reflection upon the old man. He
may be sincere, but there are the de
lusions of age to be considered. He
may even be correct. But in a stage
of the world at which the man of 80
is rare, the man of 90 a wonder, the
centenarian little less than a miracle,
my stock of faith is overtaxed by the
effort to accept this hale and vigorous
Diamond, exhibiting the promise o-f Hy
ing for decades to come, as having been
ushered into this world in 1796. If he
was, he can reasonably expect to be
here in 1996, a marvel to races yet to be.
Although under ihe disadvantage of
not being the seventh son of a seventh
son, I am willing to venture into the
field of prophecy, confident that it does
not make the slightest difference
whether my guess be right or wrong.
This country will pee the time when its
beautiful pacific theories will be knock
ed into so many cocked hats. The idea
of perpetual peace is most soothing, but
there are various ways of securing it.
One is to calmly endure the impudence
of any little 2x4 country which chooses
to be in a pugnacious mood. So long
as the United States shall permit the
rotten and rocking dynasty of Spain
to abuse it, corrupt politicians of Nic
aragua to estop the building of the
canal, every Jim crow isle of the sea
to sneer at the stars and stripes, it
may have all the peace it wants, but
at last it will grow tired of paying this
price for it. In the end the United
States will be a lighting nation hold
ing its own by an aggressive diplomacy
backed by arms. It will extend its
possessions not from mere greed, but
because in no other way can the ag
gressions of European powers be held
in check. It will rule the western
hemisphere, and with Its military force
and its vast navy answer the ques
tions of such as may doubt its power
and its right. America has tried to
progress along new lines. It has made
an endeavor to be as a nation
as honest and as fair as an individual
is expected to be. The result has been
failure and the fact might as well be
By HENRY JAMES.
recognized now as any other time. Pre
senting a smiling face as a target for
expectoration is as a policy, out of date.
Meanwhile, an occasional peace con
gress is a pleasant affair, marked usu
ally by some speeches of excellence.
• * ♦
A correspondent sends in the sugges
tion that the New York Journal blew
up the Maine. While disliking to dis
agree with so good a fellow as the cor
respondent seems to be, I do not believe
it.
• •
One of the correspondents now en
gaged in sending from Key West vivid
accounts of things which never hap
pened is Alfred Henry Lewis. He is
noted for an absolute abhorrence of
facts, regarding them as incubi which
would hamper his flight. So he shakes
them off and soars above them jubilant
in the realm of fiction, sustained by the
gauzy wings of falsehood. Lewis is no
ordinary, vulgar liar. He evades the
direct use of truth with a zest born of
instinct and a skill nothing but prac
tice could have produced, but he does
it so artistically, with such evident
joy in the feat that it is im
possible not to admire him. Besides, he
does not rob the intelligent reader of
any information, and the robbery of the
other kind is immaterial. A student of
events has but to read after Lewis a
short time to know how to take him.
The only course is to note every state
ment made, reverse it and there is the
truth. Lewis has written much of pub
lic men and measures. He never made
an estimate of either approximately
correct. Whether his judgment is al
ways bad or he is simply swayed by a
detestation for veracity does not mat
ter. Results are the same. Lewis is
just the person to be in Key West now,
although the dating of his letters from
that point is fairly good evidence that
he is somewhere else.
It Is a pleasure to note that Auditor
Broderick has sat upon a demand by
Attorney Gavigan for $490. The public
does not need to know anything about
the merit of this particular claim. The
official intelligence which grasps every
opportunity to sit upon a Gavigan claim
merits no less a title than gumption.
Hanna may be an admirable person,
but I wish he were less prominent. He
is an astute politician, not of the va
riety, however, to which the heart
warms. If some friend would suggest
to him the wisdom of remaining in the
background and then would jam the
foreground so full the background
could not be seen, he would be doing
Hanna a good turn.
A question has arisen as to whether
Xat Goodwin is married or merely,
thinks it, but it does not seem to me
worth public discussion. So long as the
pair who went through the Avedding
ceremony are satisfied there is no need
for anybody else to fret, and when they
pine for freedom, as is inevitable, it
might be an actual relief to them to
find that the bonds were bogus.
There have been some expressions of
doubt as t<> the necessity for a City
Hall commission, and these it is a
pleasure to set at rest. I had myself
wondered if,, when a building had
grown bo' decrepit from age that time
had pierced its roof, the gentlemen in
charge of its erection would not be justi
fiable in refusing longer to be bur
dened with the effort of clinging to the
payroll. But no. With a faithful de
votion beautiful to see the commission
still meets and adjourns. Proceedings
of a recent meeting were constituted
of the auditing of the salary account
of the secretary. The next meeting
will be marked by the reading of min
utes, showing the accomplishment of
this benefaction. So the commission
is necessary for the auditing of the
secretary's salary, and the secretary is
necessary to record the fact that the
salary has been audited. I think noth
ing could be plainer. The brutal pub
lic seldom pauses anyhow to reflect how
its servants are overworked, never
during a month having more than
thirty-one days for repose. Probably
the thought has not even occurred that
they must have suffered much in Feb
ruary, that brief span affording only
twenty-eight days in which to battle
against brainfag.
Since the French Cabinet refuses to
be criticized at short range I take the
advantage of distance to remark that
they are acting like a lot of paretics
stimulated by absinthe to a state of
useless activity. If I knew how to
express this idea in French each mem
ber of the Cabinet would receive a
marked copy.
* * •
Into every life, however lowly, there
comes some inkling of romance. In
the garb of a vagabond may rove one
who was born to marble halls, while feet j
which unshod have trod the cobbles of '•
an inhospitable city may in later time i
sink into the carpet of its most splen
did mansion. The ordinary life is com
monplace, with only here and there a
touch of the exceptional, a passing con
tact with the experiences which leave
the impression not of reality, but as
though the mind, wandering in dream
land, had lost itself amidst the visions j
of fancy's realm. This is not true of j
all; there are lives romance through
out. The writer of tales, searching
for material to be woven into fiction,
would find in the career of Joseph Rou
tier facts more strange than the mere
ups and downs which go to compose !
the human span. Here he was a man j
of business, a respectable, progressive !
citizen, whose home was always open, i
whose happiness was never complete !
unless friends were there to share it. !
Between himself and wife there was
the utmost devotion. In the day of
prosperity they were companions; when
adversity came, still she clung to him.
Now that he has passed beyond, and i
she eats the bread of charity, memory
turns back to the old, glad years with
tender and unbroken insistence, with
never a tinge of regret save that there
has been a parting, never a reproach
for the long seasons they lived under
a shadow. Who shall say it was the
shadow of dishonor? That Routier was j
an exile from his native France no
body had suspected. That after the ;
death of the tyrant who had banished •
him he did not dare visit the land of \
his birth was a secret. That the wo- j
man, once a favorite at court, had vain- i
ly interceded for him and, failing to >
mitigate the royal decree, had chosen
to abandon her home, her name, her I
children and with him fly to the far- !
away California of the new world, this
came as a tardy revelation. Who know
in? the pair would have deemed these
hfngß true? Beneath the grave kind
ly shield the man finds^ rest. And sure
ly the woman, whose heart, is in that
grave, is entitled to as benign .sane
fuary as it will afford when she has
taken her place beside the one for
whom she sacrificed all but love.
\ People of an observing turn of mind
cannot have escaped noticing £*££
ff ret the gait of certain 7™*£*£
I say "gait" advisedly, for onl* this
general classification is powble.^Cer
tainly, the manner in which they get
over the ground is not a *&«*****:
lop nor glide. They bend forward from
■the' hip. in a fashion indicative of pain,
but whether an affection of the stom
ach or a pang across the small of the
back is a sacred mystery. They take
short, pattering steps, and always seem
to be on the verge of tottering like a
Chinese lily-foot lady. Ido not call at
tention to those things with a view to
bringing about a reform, having got be
yond the stage of essaying the palpably
impossible. But in a wholly respectful
way I wish that pretty girls would
cease making guys of themselves.
While there is no difficulty in filling
the space allotted to my use weekly, I
would be glad to surrender a portion of
it to the Rev. F. D. Bovard of Alame
da. He can have all the room neces
sary in which to explain why at a re
cent funeral, after eulogyandmusichad
stirred the congregation to its depths,
he had a collection taken. The idea of
the stricken family having to sit there
and listen to coins dropping from the
fingers of weeping friends strikes me as
grotesque to the point of being bar
baric. Had some able-bodied mourner
dried his tears and called upon Bovard
for the purpose of beating a few grains
of sense into him, I would*cheerfullj»
have chipped in to pay any resulting
fine. Bovard needs a lesson anyhow,
and did not have to make a display of
himself beside a corpse to set forth this
fact with clearness. He it was who at
the time of a reception to the late Kate
Field given by the newspaper women
of this city grossly and stupidly insult
ed the gentle entertainers and their
guest. They had for refreshment a
bowl of mild and innocuous claret
punch, which Bovard perceiving, began
straightway to froth at the mouth. He
accused the ladies of being under the
influence of the harmless beverage. One
who is particularly handsome, and has
a complexion as the rose, he charged
with having acquired color by the flush
of inebriation. It Is hardly necessary
to say that had Bovard not been pro
tected by his cloth some one would
have charged him with lying, and forced
him on his knees to beg the pardon of
the ladies he had maligned. Perhaps
while he is explaining the funeral epi
sode he can find time also to throw
light on this other occasion he acted the
boor.
* *
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
THE MAINE'S CHAPLAIN— W. C,
City. Rev. J. P. Chidwick, who was
chaplain on the I'nited States battleship
Maine when she was destroyed, is ;.
olic priest, and his residence is New i'TK
City.
THE SAMOA DISASTER— Sub?' iii •-,
City. The disaster at Samoa by which
several vessels were thrown by a storm
on the shore of Apia occurred on the
15th. of March. ISS9. Three American and
three German war vessels were
ashore. Fifty Americans and Ulnety-Stx
Germans' were killed at that ti
SONS OF CHINESE PARENTS— J. E..
Dunnipran. Yolo County. Cal, At the
Presidential election held in San Fran
cisco In 1896 there were registered four
natives of China— that Is, sons of Ameri
can citizens — who were born while th»-ir
parents were temporarily sojourning in
the Chinese empire or born while the
father was in the diplomatic service of
the United States. In addition there
were registered eighteen natives of Cali
fornia, sons of Chinese parents.
INTERSTATE COMMERCE— F. T. M..
Bowman. Cal. By reason of non-compe
tition the interstate commerce act is sus
pended as to the Pacific Coast, and it is
not in violation of that law to charge
full through rates pay from Chicago to
Sacramento and then charge a local rate
for sending the goods back to an inter
mediate point. If you have any complaint
in connection with freight charges you
should send it to the Interstate Commis
sion at Washington. D. C.
LINCOLN— J. A. F., Edgarton, Minn.
The public acts of Abraham Lincoln show
that he was an abolitionist. During his
single term in Congress he voted for the
reception of anti-slavery petitions and fo,
the abolition of slavery in Washington,
D C. It is recorded of Mr. Lincoln that
the abolitionists could at any time, when
it was not pleasant or popular to do so,
apply to him for legal help In cases aris
ing out of the Fugitive Slave Law or oth
erwise affecting the rights of colored peo
ple. He was, before he signed the eman
cipation proclamation, always in favor of
the gradual abolition of slavery.
BLASTS FROM THE RAMS HORN.
Nature is hard to deceive.
Rob nature, and she will rob you.
Meanness is idleness in business.
To lose patience may be to lose all.
When home Is a slave-pen it is not
home.
The way of life is narrow, but well
paved.
Wherever there is envy there is ignor
ance.
Trials are the up-grade lessons of edu
cation.
No man can do his best whose motive
is not love.
Nothing emits a worse odor than a fall
en name.
Deception is a viper that bites back
and forward.
Too much notoriety is like a blanket
coat in hot weather.
Learn to be contented and you will
know how to be rich.
E. H. Black, painter, 120 Eddy st. •
A choice present for Eastern friends.
California Glace fruits. 50c. Townsend's. •
Fifty styles looking glasses in French
and German plates. Sanborn, Vail & Co. •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Drs. Bush & Son have removed to 206
Kearny St., Adams Bldg\, rooms 310, 309,
308. Dentistry in all Its branches. Teeth
•without plates especially. Tel. Red 1226. •
OI'R ANNUAL KLONDIKE.
The combined yield of gold and silver
in the United States last year was but
one-third the value of the corn crop. We
received $54,000,000 for corn exported, and
that is a Klondike of tested richness.—
Globe-Democrat.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
You really
don't know how fine
Pot Pie Crust can be
made unless you use
Royal Baking PowderTHE QUARANTINED DORIC IN THE STREAM.
HIS SKIN
WAS LIKE
A BABY'S
Dr. Hill Finds Hellom
Did Not Have
Smallpox.
The Doric Released From
Quarantine Yester
day Evening.
Drs. Blue and Rosenau Con
clude to Assume a Milder
Demeanor.
HO WAR FOR CHIEF LEES.
Captive Stevedores Cheer When
Released — Litigation May Fol
low the Struggle.
Drs. Rosenau and Blue, the Federal
Quarantine authorities, have concluded
to be good and not try to take anymore
playthings away from Drs. Chalmers
iind Hill, the State officials. In the
ratio of their newly acquired righteous
ness they have been rewarded, for to
day the Doric is at her old dock and
the '•prisoners' have all been released
from custody. But the end is not yet.
Word was sent to Dr. Hill yesterday
by Dr Rosenau that if he would sonde
ecend to honor the quarantine station
at Angel Island with his Adonis coun
tenance, he should be accorded every
tourt«sy in the power of the Federal
Government. Plainly speaking, this
jn^ant simply that the Federal officials
had decided they were a little rash in
taking Hellom and Ruxton. the two
Fmall-pox suspects, from the confines
of the great city and county of San
Francisco, and thought it best to dose
the god of war with a little soothing
pyrup.
' Accordingly at 4p. m. Chalmers and
Hill, accompanied by Health Officer
O'Brien, went to Angel Island in the
O. and O. Steamship Company's tug,
the Millen Griffith. They were received
In state, and examined the two men
■whose removal from the Doric caused
the whole trouble. In the expressive
language of Dr. Hill, eager to do the
knightly act in return himself, Hel
Why You Should Have
Scribner's History.
I. Because you and your family ought to have a history of your country.
2. Because Scribner's is the best and the standard.
We celebrated not long ago our four-bundredth anniversary and, shortly
before, the centenary of our life as a nation. No Knowledge can be more neces-
sary to an American citizen than that which concerns the history of his own
land, and there bas never before been such an opportunity to get all tf)is
Knowledge in a worK so unique and yet so reasonable in price. Tt)e history
was begun by WILLIAM CULLEN BRYANT and SYDNEY HOWARD GAY, and
has just been finished by NOAH BROOKS, These writers have been assisted
also by many eminent scholars, and covers the history of our country from the
time of the earliest Morse traditions of discovery down to the close of the
World's Fair at Chicago. THERE IS NO OTHER HISTORY IN EXISTENCE SO
CAREFUL. COMPLETE, ACCURATE AND ATTRACTIVE.
To be effective a great history should undoubtedly be Illustrated, but th«
pictures are apt to be neither historical nor pictorial. SCRIBNER'S H'STORY
CONTAINS OVER 1600 ILLUSTRATIONS by fifty noted artists, Including five
steel-engraved frontispieces and 120 full pages. Tbey have been drawn by
sucb roen as E. A. ABBEY, S. CHURCH, C. S. REINHART, HOWARD PYLE.
WINSLOW HOMER, A B. FROST and a host of other famous artists, and 100 of
the best A rncr ' can wood-engravers are, represented.
Can You Nan)e any Other History Which Even
Approximates These Features?
THE CALL offers you ttys grand worK in Five Massive Volumes for the
small payment of only &> t.OO down, balance in nine monthly payments of
$2.00 each; half morocco $1.00 per month more. Remember, March llth is the
last day you may purchase this worK for so low a price.
We invite you to call and examine this great worK. or telephone (Davis 861)
and we will send a complete set to you for examination.
.... Out-of-Towr) Readers. ....
We will send you a complete set on approval free of expense. Return If
not wanted. We pay charges both ways. WHEN YOU SEE IT YOU WILL
WANT IT. Address
Tbe Sar) Francisco Call.
lorn's skin was found to be "as clean
as a baby's," presumably meaning be
fore the baby had been engaged in
making mud pies.
When the State officials returned they
at once gave orders for the release of
the Doric from quarantine. All the men
on board were taken off in the tug Mil
len Griffith, ahd as the sixty stevedores
saw release before them they all gave
three hearty cheers for the State
Quarantine Department.
The Doric was docked at 8 p. m. and
the work of discharging her cargo will
be continued at an early hour this
morning.
The outcome of the great feud, which
it was feared at one time would involve
Chief of Police Lees in a deadly con
flict with the United States army and
thus weaken the national defenses in
case of an attack by the Spanish, is a
distinct victory for the State quaran
tine officials, and Dr. Hill intimates
that so far as the clash is concerned
the affair is not yet at an end. He
thinks it possible suit may be brought
to establish the rights of the local
board in regard to the alleged surrepti
tious spiriting away of men within the
Jurisdiction of the home organization.
Drs. Rosenau and Blue say little, and
seem to be awaiting developments.
HIS INJURIES FATAL.
Death of Henry Simpson, the In-
spector of Customs.
Henry Simpson, the inspector of cus
toms, who met with an accident on the
mail dock Wednesday afternoon, died
on Friday from the effects of his injuries.
Simpson, who was a stepson of T^ieuten
ant Hanna of the Southern Station, was
watching the unloading of the cargo of
the steamer Doric, when he was knock
ed overboard by the collapse of the door
of a shed. In falling he struck a wooden '
fender between the ship and piles. He
was rescued after considerable trouble
and removed to the Harbor Hospital,
where an examination disclosed that he
had BUBtalned a fracture of the skull
and possible internal Injuries. Shortly
after 8 o'clock on Friday the unfortunate
man breathed hlB last without having re
gained consciousness.
DEATH CAME
UNEXPECTEDLY
Walter W. Orr Asphyxiated by
Gas at a Friend's
House.
Although Bather Mysterious It Is
Generally Believed to Have
Been Accidental.
Early yesterday morning Walter W.
Orr, a young man 28 years of age and
a native of Australia, was found dead
on a lounge In a room of a flat at 4118
Lyon street. The gas jet was partially
turned on when the body was dis
covered, and all evidence and appear
ances in the case pointed to an acci
dental death.
The flat where Orr met his death is
THE SAX FR AX CISCO CALL, SI T XDAY, MARCH 6, 1898.
occupied by Mrs. Nellie Comstook, the
wife of a well-known marine engineer,
and it is stated that the young man
had frequently visited Mrs. Comstock,
as she had been well acquainted with
the mother of the deceased. About two
months ago Mrs. Orr died, and it was
rumored that she had left considerable
money to her three sons, but the rumor
is neither denied nor affirmed by the
brothers, Albert and Fred F. Orr.
The facts surrounding the death of
the young man are rather mysterious,
but from all facts that can be discov
ered he was under the influence of
liquor when at the residence of Mrs.
Comstock. Since the death of W. Orr's
mother he has not been working at his
trade, which is stated to be a willow
worker, but had resided with his
brother at Howard and Fourth streets,
and had frequently visited Mrs. Com
stock, not from the family friendship
alone, but from the fact that Mrs.
Comstock has been attending to mat
ters concerning the estate of his
mother.
When Orr visited the home of Mrs.
Comstock he also met a Mrs. Teale, and
after a rather lengthy visit he departed
and Mrs. Comstock amused herself
playing the piano. It was during this
time that the young man, feeling that
he was unable to return home in his
condition, noiselessly re-entered the
house and went to the front room,
where he attempted to light the gas
and then fell prostrate on the lounge,
where he was afterward discovered
dead. The case was reported to the
Coroner's office by Joseph Saunders,
who owns the property at 4118 Lyon
street. He occupies the lower flat of
the building.
From reports given by neighbors of
Mrs. Comstock, the house has not been
run in as quiet a way as would be ex
pected, but these rumors are strenu
ously denied by all parties connected in
the affair. Both brothers of the dead
man state that both Mrs. Comstock
and Mrs. Teale were warm friends of
the family and had taken an interest in
their affairs. The body was taken to
the undertaking parlors of Suhr & Co.,
where it will be prepared for burial.
Mrs. Comstock, Mrs. Teale and the
tw r o brothers visited the undertaking
parlors last evening, and a pitiful sight
was presented when the remains were
reviewed by friends and relatives. The
deceased was a member of Acme Court
No. 51. F. of A., and was well liked. He
was also connected with the Amalga
mators' Union.
Park Music To-Day.
The Golden Gate Park Band, weather per
mitting, will render the following programme
to-d«y at the Park, commencing at 2 p. m. :
Overture, "Elisa et Claudia" 1 . .Mereadante
"Gypsy Serenade" (first timei Max yon Lenz
Selection of Popular Songs Beyer
Contents — "The Modern Century Girl,"
••Rosa O'Grady," "My Little Cirrus
Queen." "You're the Apple of My Kye,"
"On the Benches in the Park." "Mother
Van a Lady," "Pickaninny's Serenade,"
Finale.
Caprice Heroic, "The Awakening of the
Lion Kontzskl
Scenes from the "Grand Duchess of Gerol-
Fteln" ' OfTen bach
Grand selection from the new opera, "The
Serenade" Victor Herbert
Waltz, ".lourna listen" Strauss
Tower scene from "II Trovatore" Verdi
Cornet. Mr. Korner; barytone. Mr. Klotz.
Descriptive. "The Fire Alarm" Reeves
"Bicycle Relay Two-Step" Phllpott
GOOD COURSING SEEN
AT THE TWO PARKS
A Heavy Fog .Interfered
With Union Park
Events.
Some Long Courses Which
Enthused the Patrons of
the Leash.
Th« Probable Winners of the |
First Round of To- Day's
Meeting.
Considering that a large number of
people who take an active interest in
coursing could not get away from
business, still there was a very enthu
siastic gathering of leashmen present
yesterday at the seconu i. urday's
meeting, held on the grounds of Union
Coursing Park. The weather was quite
pleasant up to noon, but after the mid
1 day hour a bank of fog stole in from
old ocean and almost enveloped every
thing in darkness excepting the cours
ing field, which, owing to its excellent
situation, <. japed the ominous blanket
of the se .
But the chilly atmosphere had its
dire effect upon the champion sprinters
of the quiet Merced plains. The hares,
which arrived from Tipton on Thurs
day last, were not acclimated nor were
they, in fact, conversant with the
grounds, consequently they did not run
as well as the spectators expected. But
experience in enclosed coursing has
proven beyond argument that on cold
and foggy days the hares run poorly,
therefore allowances must be made for
some of the courses that were wit
nessed yesterday. Some of the runs
were exceptionally good— so good, in
fact that the hares carried their pur
suer's the entire length of the big field
and finally gained their liberty by en
tering the escape. •• . 
Doubtless if the weather is favorable
to-day and the sun will accord the
coursers a pleasant Sunday smile, the
patrons of the game can safely count
upon enjoying some first-class sport
this afternoon at Union Coursing Park.
The Judging yesterday was good.
There were no objections raised to
Judge Bull's decisions, consequently the
een tieman went home happy in the
thought that he had pleased the many
people whose eyes watched closely the
movements of horses and dogs in each
course of the first round of the stake
which resulted as follows:
Open Stake, all-age greyhounds, total
' cash prize $647 50-Theron 62V4 pounds beat
Defender 54% pounds: Mira Monte 53 beat
Fair Rosalind 37%; Arapahoe 59 beat Jim -
i ml* Cork 46- LJssak 62% beat Magnet 06%:
! Emtn Pasha 56 beat Fly 39%; Santa Alicia
i 47H beat White Chief 54%; Metallic 40%
I beat Forget 55; Lord Byron 65% beat Mer- j
i cv May 48: Nellie B 46% beat Terrona 63%:
! Rosette 54% beat Gallagher 61; Chit Chat
! 60 beat Sportsman 61%: Moore's Prescrip-
I tion 52 beat Trink 50%; Lightning 47%
i beat GlenwoMl 45: Flying Buck 61% beat
- Dawn 50; SaTcastic 51% beat At Last 62,
! Wayfarer 61% beat Speed 59%; Tod Sloan
i 50% ran a bye with Tod Belle; Sllkwootl
47% beat Uncle Sam 57%; Chartist 52' 4
i beat Vanklrk 60; Waratah 61% beat Val
i ley Star 62; JBlackstone 58 beat Fear Not
| 60; Van Cloie 48 bea.t Sans Souci 39%; Rus
'. ty Gold 56 beat Skylark 57%; Susie 42 beat
I Pretender 68; Firm Friend : 58% beat
Eclipse 58%;- Cam ell a 45% beat Marcella
50%; Move On 54% beat Flashlight 55%;
Joy Bells 45 beat Gold King 58% ;■ Douglas
j 57% beat Freda 42%.
In the courses between Mira Monte
and Fair Rosalind, Fly and Emm
Pasha, Terrona and Nellie B. t Black
stone and Fear Not. Eclipse and Firm
Friend, the hares ran very strong, and
frave the dogs gruelling runs from end
to end of the field. In to-day's cours
ing leashmen must not forget that
when pairing the winners of yester
day, Emm Pasha, Santa Alecia and
Metallic of the Pasha Kennels are
guarded, and will not run in the order
the winners were returned yesterday.
According to the form displayed by
the winners in the run down of the
open stake, the successful competitors
in the first round of to-day's meeting
should be Theron, Lissak, Emm Pasha
(guarded), who will meet Lord Byron.
Santa Alecia (guarded), who will meet
Nellie 8., Rosette, who will meet Me
tallic (guarded). Chit Chat, Flying
Buck, Sarcastic^ Tod Sloan, Chartist,
Blackstone, Susie, Firm Friend, Move
On and Douglas a bye.
Possibly the dogs in the final will be
Thereon, Susie, Rosette and Chartist.
Advances made on furnltur* and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1028 Mission.
CIVIL SERVICE LAW.
The Continental League Will Discuss
Its Features in the Near
Future.
The annual meeting of the Continental
League was held at headquarters last
Wednesday evening. The following offi
cers were unanimously elected for the en
suing year: President, Frank D. Worth;
first vice-president, B. \,. Mc-Kinley; sec
ond vice-president, George S. Graham;
recording secretary, Hamilton J. Kigglns;
treasurer, William McKenzie; financial
secretary, B. L. Hesseltine; sergeant-at
arms, Thomas H. Burns; executive com
mittee. Amos Currier (chairman), Daw
son Mayer, A. A. Louderback, Frank
Roney, George D. Graham; collector, S.
I. Jacobs; finance committee. Leon E.
Jones (chairman), E. L. Head, E. M.
Galvln, R. Valentine, D. V. Rosenthal.
A general report was made by the presi
dent, in which he gave a review of the or
ganization since its birth, showing that
the league is growing stronger dally, and
that the actual membership is 1667, an in
crease over that of last year of fifty-four.
Speeches were then made by F. D. Worth,
B. L. McKlnley, George S. Graham. H. J.
Riggins. B. L. Hesseltine. William Mc-
Kenzie, T. H. Burns, Amos Currier, Hon.
Leon E. Jones, Hon. E. L. Head and
others.
It is the intention of the entertainment
committee to have prominent speakers
address the league in the near future on
the iniquities of the civil service law in
its present form; and copies of the anti
civil service resolutions:, passed by the
league on August 10, 1897. were ordered
sent to the Board of Freeholders of this
city, and also to the members of both
houses of Congress at Washington, also a
copy of the following resolution:
"Whereas, That legislative monstrosity,
commonly known as the civil, service law,
is continued in full force; therefore be it
"Resolved. That we. the members of the
Continental League, regarding said law
as a serious menace to the future success
of the Republican party, do hereby de
clare it to be our Intention to refuse our
support to any and all legislative candi
dates, either national. State or municipal,"
who are known or believed to be in favor
of said law in its present form."
Three Boy Burglars.
Emil Holloway, 13 years of age; Edward
Urby, 14, and Samuel Ridge. 13. broke into
Crowley's oyster stand, 29 Third street, at
an early hour yesterday morning and
stole nine bottles of soda water and other
articles. They were arrested by Police
man Deely and booked at the City Pris
on on a charge of burglary.
Sanbom, Vail & Co. have the only large
stock here of screens, parlor lamps, onyx
tables, framed pictures and easels, at
moderate prices. •
Mystic Maid Emulates
Twain's Coyote on
Widow Brophy.
Coursing at Ingleside Draws
a Big Crowd in Very
Foggy Weather.
Some Promising Entries In the Puppy
Slakes— Ties to Be Run Off
To- Day.
Coursing at Ingleside yesterday was
distinguished by three things— the fog
was thicker than for months, the hares
in most instances ran poorly and the
talent got dumped pretty often, &nd at
times hard enough to give things an ul
tramarine tint. Notwithstanding the
weather, the usual large crowd was in
attendance, the betting was lively and
the sport good.
The puppy stake was run off first, and
In the main the youngsters showed up
in first-class style. Most of them have
never been run before, but all give
promise of forging to the front, whh
the single exception of Santa Rosa. Ke
refused to lead the slips, and was never
in the race for an instant. O. H.
lioags Obediah will some day prove a
crackajack.
In the ill-age stake Moondyne easily
put out the new dog. Star Ruby. Mys
tic Maid, one of the late Eastern im
portations, put out the 5 to 1 favorite,
Widow Brophy. This race was a heavy
blow J.O the talent, as the Widow had
been picked for a "sure thing." This
expectation was naturally to be expect
ed from th* fine showing she made last
Sunday. Her defeat was a Jar of the
worst description.
The course between Patrla and Da
kota, on which, as mentioned in yester
day's Call, there depended a goodly sum
of "money, was a gift to Patria. She
ruled favorite at 5 to 1. Dakota has
evidently not yet become acclimated.
Senorita made a good run with Right
Bower, and, although picked to lose by
the talent, her victory was never In
doubt.
The Sacramento dog. Gilt Edge, was
scarcely in the form he showed a week
ago, and Sly Boy beat him by one of
the most sensational pickups witnessed
in several weeks.
In the race between Valley Maid and
Van Nida the talent was thrown down
again. Odds were sto 2. The race was
| one of the shortest of the day.
Black Prince seemed to be unsight
ed fur a few moments after being
I slipped, and Van Needa carried off the
' stakes. Odds. 2to 1. Talent getting
I very sore.
Sylvia and Crow Dog ran a rood,
I close race. Crow Dog kept the lead by
i a small margin. The hare was the only
! fleet and game runner of the day, and
i gave the hounds a long chase.
John Grace acted as judge, and
| James Grace as sltpper. v The ties will
i be run off to-day, beginning at 11 a. m.
The following was the day's racing In
detail:
Puppy stake — D. Ford's Bonita beat J.
O'Donriell's Las Palmas: B. Doughertys
Palmer Hill beat D. Fords Hand- Anuy;
E. Wilsons Magnesia beat E. C. Rosin's
Santa Rosa; J. ConneJTs Log Boy beat
J. McCormick's White Wings; D. China's
St Nicholas beat \V. Elmerson's Soprano;
O H Hoag's Obediah beat B. Sheehan's
Orphan Girl; J. Murphy's Dempsey Lass
beai Kay & Trants Killarney Lass; R.
W Wyman's Rush o" the Hill beat Blake
& Dineen'e Muriel: J. O'Shea's Star
Pointer beat W. Daltons Lady Napoleon;
J. Keenan's Royal beat B. Dougherty's
Lady Thorndyke.
All-age stake — J. Dean a Moondyne beat
J H Smiths Star Ruby; Lynch &
Maher'a Mystic Maid beat Dillon &
Reillys Widow Brophy; Deckelman &
I'anario's 01. Glory beat J. Baddeleys
Jingler II; J. Dean's Gladiator beat P.
Gorman's Kingston: Deckelman & Pan
arlo's Glen Roy beat Lowe & Thompson's
Victor: James Byrnes Mohawk beat H.
Levine'B Forget-Me-Not; M. Michobok's
l-treball beat J. Farley's Snowbird; Low©
& Thompson's Patria beat Lyncn &
Maher's Dakota; E. Wilson's Magic beat
' F Kenny's Colleeen Bawn: James Byrne's
| Occidental beat G. Heuer's Blue Bell; D.
Hooper's Koo Lav.n beat P. McLaughlln s
! Lady Perm; Deckelman A Panario s Pet
Kirbv beat Lane & Thompson's Prince of
Fashion; B. Tierneys Senorita beat T.
Cooney's Right Bower; M. Rogers' Sly
Boy beat H. Devine's Gilt Edge; J. Mc
(.■ormick's White Lily beat P Brophys
Benicia Boy; J. Murnane's \ alley Maid
beat Dr Van Hummel's Van Nida; Dr.
Van Hummels Van Needa beat J. Mo-
Cormicks Black Prince; J. J. barrens
Sweet Lips beat J. Coram's True Blue;
Kay & Trants Diana beat D. Kane's
Spry J Cronin's Johnny R beat G.
Heuer's Blue Jay; R. L. Lee's Iron Dog
beat Kay & Trants Sylvia; W. Ryan's
Swinnerton beat J. Quane's Princess
Marie. _
SLASHED HIS
RIVAL'S FACE
John Keenan Wanted fop As
sault With a Deadly
Weapon.
He Was Jealous of the Attentions of
Thomas Carr to Pretty Jennie
McGillen.
Thomas Carr, who is employed at the
Union Iron Works, appeared in Judge
Joachimsen's court yesterday morning
and swore to a complaint charging; John
Keenan with an assault with a deadly
weapon. The bonds were fixed at $1000.
Carr had his nose and lip slit open
Thursday night by Keenan at the corner
of Langton and Bryant streets, and it
took several stitches and considerable
time for the doctors in the Receiving
Hospital to make him at all presentable
again.
Jealousy was the cause of the murder
ous attack upon Carr. He has recently
been rooming in a house at 239 I 4 Lang
ton street, and soon became infatuated
with the landlady's daughter, Jennie Mc-
Gillen. Jennie soon reciprocated his af
fection, and they were looked upon as
lovers. Before Carr made his appear
ance, Jennie had been keeping company
with Keenan, but he got the cold shoul
der and it maddened him. He made no
secret of the fact that he would kill any
man who came between him and .Jennie,
and Carr was warned to look out for
him.
Carr and Jennie went out for a stroll
Thursday night, and as they reached the
corner of Bryant and Langton streets on
their way home, Keenan, who had been
lying in wait for his rival, suddenly
sprang out of a doorway, and drawing
a dirk out of his pocket made a slash at
Carr's face, cutting his nose and lip.
Jennie screamed and Keenan fled. Carr
was taken to the hospital, and as soon
as he w;is able swore to trie warrant for
Keenan's arrest.
Two Criminals Sentenced.
r, Judge j Dunne sentenced , Frank , Henry
to three years in j Folsom for grand i lar
ceny yesterday. Charles McCarty was
sent -. to \ Folsom ~, for four years for bur
glary in the second degree*
BUSH AND IIS
"BOULEVARD"
Difference of Opinion Ex
ists Among Property
Owners.
It Is Claimed the Scheme Means
to Leave the Thoroughfare
in Perpectual Rest.
The Majority of the Residents Favor
Leaving the Street Open to Traffic
or Having an Electric Line.
Property owners and residents on the
line of Bush street are not unanimous
on the question of having that street
turned into a boulevard.
The action of the Supervisors in de
claring it a closed business thorough
fare does not by any means meet with
the approval of the majority of those
owning property on its line, as the pro
test tiled with the clerk of the Board of
Supervisors would show. In terms of
lineal measurement along the street
14.000 feet frontage is represented as be
ing against the scheme, while 4000 feet
favor it. This, the opponents claim, is
of itself sufficient to defeat the propo
sition according to law and the estab
lished rules of the Supervisors.
In this fight, if it may be so termed, j
the opposing forces will draw the full |
force of their influence on the Super- '
visors at the meeting to-morrow after
noon. Both sides are ready for the
fray, and it may be safe to surmise that I
the board rooms will be crovvied at the J
meeting, as each contending element I
will desire to be heard in advocating its ]
side of the proposition.
The property owners on the east end \
of the street as far as Powell are clam- i
oring for a bituminous pavement and I
the displacing of the "Forty-nine" cob- i
ble stone roadway that has been per
mitted to remain down by reason of the
"ghost" cars that have been dragging
over its surface for a number of years
by the Sutter Street Company. Now
that the courts have declared that this
company had no franchise on the street
the ghost cars have been withdrawn,
and the property owners do not know
what Is best for their welfare. Some
there are who want to make it a boule
vard, while others favor letting it alone; j
others again are for an electric line, ir
respective of where It may commence
or where it may terminate. In this
confused condition the majority of
those owning property are decidedly op- j
posed to the proposition of making it
a boulevard, as they claim that such a
step simply means to relegate Bush
street to the musty archives of a "has
been." with no prospect of ever again i
bringing it into activity as either a j
handsome residence street or a busi- i
ness place. In support of this claim the !
examples ofGoldenGate and Van Ness j
avenues are quoted to show that prop- j
erty depreciates in value on streets that
have been declared boulevards.
Those owning property on the section
east of Van Ness avenue claim that If
the street was put in proper condition
from that point to Montgomery it
would afford a convenient driveway
j from the principal hotels downtown,
j and in this way would not lose either
■ its attractiveness as a fashionable thor
! oughfare. which distinction it possessed
in early days, nor would become isolat
ed as a business street for small stores
in the line of articles in keeping with
I the class of people who would travel
over its line.
In the meantime, the action pt the
Supervisors at the meeting to-morrow
j will be watched with interest.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GOOD
■U9 m» |U9
HEALTH
TBTHE WORKING CAPITAL OFHUMANITY.
■*• He who loses that Is wrecked indeed. .Is your
health foiling yon? Your strength, ambition,
vigor, vitality wasting away ?
<v^«SFA/ tc
Jftsflk
DOCTOR SWEANY
737 MARKET STREET .=
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
For the speedy, safe and permanent cure of all
NERVOUS, CHRONICandPRIVATE
Diseases, even' In their most aggravated forms.
There- is no physician in the -world who has
effected so ■ many permanent cures, many of
which other physicians of acknowledged ability
had given up as hopeless. ' ■• '• ■ -
NERVOUS DEBILITY aaffifffl
menu of YOUNU, MIDDLE-AGED and OLD
MEN. The awful effects of neglected or Improp-
erly treated cases causing I drains, weakness of
the body and brain, dizziness, falling memory,
lack of energy and confidence, pains in the back,
loins and kidneys and many other distressing
symptoms, unfitting one for study, business, mar-
riage or enjoyment of life. Doctor Sweauy can
cure you, no matter who or what has failed.
tlfCAIf MEN He restores lost vigor and
fffCHIV Iflblll vitality to weak men. Organs
of the body which have been weakened or shrunk-
en through diseases, overwork, excesses or indis-
cretions are restored to full power, strength and
vigor by his own successful system of treatment.
BIIBTIIDC Cured by his new method wlth-
nUr I Ulib out. knife, truss or detention
; from aj>atnleBii.Vure and permanent cure.
«BIAf|PE| C nydrocelp, swelling tuid
I If IIIUvLUCf tenderness of the glands
treated with unfailing success. '. ■ ,- -
CVDIiII l€ and a " 'i 1" !p * of the blond
31 rnibl W promptly and thorunßhly cured
and every trace of the poison eradicated from the
system by Dr. Sweany'sown successful treatment
PRIVATE DISEASES, d &
strictures. - which »If■ ■■ neglected ■ or Improperly
treated break down the system, cause kidney and
DISEASES OF WOMEN.^
»lal attention given to all their many ailments.- I
Uf DITC If yo" are aware of an i' trouble
fflll ICI DO NOT DELAY: call on Pr
Sweany to-day, i If you cannot call, write him. His
- *nlnab!e book: free to all sufferers. ■ "^JB^WjaSWMI
CONSULTATION FREE^ t r;rj;
office or by letter. F. L.BWEAHV.M. D.. 737
Market St . opposite G rra t aye, S«n Francisco, Cal. I
: Hours: 9to 12, 2 to 5. 7to 8; Sundays 10 to 12. :
Radway's Ready Relief for Sprains, Bruises,
Bore Muscles. Cramps,! Burns, ■ Sunburns,- Back-
acne, Headache, Toothache. Rheumatism. Neu-
; ralgia. - Lumbago. . ■ Internally : for ■'■ all a Bowel
: Pains, ' Colic, Diarrhoea. Dysentery, ■. Cholera
j Morbus and Sickness, , Nausea, etc • All ; drug- .
gists. ■ - . ; :
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Experts Mystified
Real Diamonds are no better for
all purposes than the
CSenuinedJ 4 M
Barrios 1 .;.
Diamonds l^U/
We are the sole agents in the United State* ;•;
for these marvelous semi-precious stones, which
are the nearest approach to Genuine Diamonds
ever discovered.' For the purpose of introducing
them quickly to the public w,e will forward
either
Ring, Pin, Stud, Earrings
(Screws or Drops), at
iym%ifii (EARRINGS ARB
" EH El lti IS * iitt itAIK/.
SUP HIP These stones guar«
vftrL These stones are guar-
Hal anteed to retain their
fB&L mm _, gammt, lustre forever; th«t
HI 17 Jiril mountings are heavy
F "•*! WMI 111 rolled plate andarewar-
JBU IVll ranted for five years.
SPECIAL CAUTION x
Do not confound genuine Barrios Diamonds
with so-called Rhinestones, Parisian, Kongo,
Saryta-Kora. White Topaz or other imita-
tion stones, regardless of what the name may
Ibe The genuine Barrios Diamond is the only
I stone ever discovered that will retain its bril-
I liancy and has no artificial backing." It is the
Rich Man's Substitute and the Poor Man a
I Diamond. All others are simply manufacture.!
| from chemicals. Genuine Barrios Diamonds
i are equal to real diamonds as to looks and
' wear and will cut glass.
' This offer will last only a short time longer
! and is subject to withdrawal without notice.
£& inr\n WILL BE
$> I UDtJ GIVEN
\ If it can be shown that we have ever re-
t fused to repface a stone that did not give
! satisfaction. '>■/
MAIL ORDERS.
! A Beautiful, Brilliant, Genuine Barrios Dia-
mond, mounted in a heavy ring, pin or stud,
will be sent to any address on receipt of Ona
Dollar. In ordering give full directions and
state whether small, medium or large stone is
desired.
fAMILLK SEIGARD, the prlma donna
of the Walter Damrosch Opera Co., writes:
"Barrios Diamonds are lustrous and full of
I fire. They are magnificent substitutes for gen-
! vine diamonds for stage purposes."
CAMILLE SEYGARD.
CARRIE GAT, the charming actress of the
"In Town" Company, writes:
"While playing on the road I found Barrios
Diamonds objects of great beauty and useful- ■
I ness." CARRIE GAY.
I Money promptly refunded if goods are not as represented
BEWARE OF IMITATORS.
Address Mail Orders to
BARRIOS DIAMOND CO.,
* EDISON BUILDING.
42 and 44 Broad Street, New York.
Mention San Francisco Call. -
CURED
pain *\x2s&£G*
t^n^JiJSQ.S P I T Z Yn.D. :
i .
■
/ '-.-, Ifr'YOUIWEAR .
/^t- Glasses^
«L sr^ Wish prompt"effKi€
service by able andQour-
Te9\|s Opticians Qrviv/5:, :V .
OPTICIANS ' nAK . P REMO-Poco
' ** ° daK camera . •
■ 642 Market St. Dhotolraphic
Catalogs fret, SUPPLIES.
- HI VMDIA Corner of. Mison and
UUlJTirirt Eddy Streets.
America's most beautiful music hall. Great-
est free bill In the world. DRAWEE, world
famous juggler; MUL.LIN & WARD, novelty
boxing; STARKEY & RATKBUN: SIMON- ,
SEN. INEZ, ARNELDO. ANTONETTE. and
ten others. Matinee to-day. Admission free.
TENTH INVITATION MUSICAL.
Given by
THE McKENZIE MUSICAL. SOCIETY. J. W.
McKENZIE. Director, Odd Fellows" Hall,
THURSDAY, March 10.
For invitations address J. W. McKENZIE*
624 Eddy street. - ■ ■
The Weekly Call.
c/ It Publish^ the Cream of th» :
.2 . New* or the Week and
242 4 MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
<J ORIGINAL FEATURES.
<=>( IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY .
, cJ PAPER ON THB : L ", Z
VJ PACIFIC COAST
J \ "~* / *"
"J The Best \ / Mining
°S Telegraphic \/ Newc That ;
cs^ Service on /\ -Is Accurate
ex The Coast / \& up to data
cl Not a Line of it Sensational,
or or Faky.'and Not a Line of
~J it Dry or Uninteresting.
OC . Bright, Clean, A Champ «d of
' V Thoughtful. . • .1 ruth.
l) A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPEB
ALL THE TIME.
OIT ADVOCATES I SENT BY
°) HOME I MAIL, $1.50
Cs< - MDUSTBIES i A Y£»g.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEAK*. AND WASHINGTON • STS.— RE-
i modeled and renovated. KING. WARD A
; CO.' ' European : plan.' ■"- Rooms 1 50c '- to ■$1 BOday. ■
$5 to $8 week. 58 to ; $30 : month. ' Free si baths;
! hot and ! cold i water; every room: J , fire grates ta
| every room; elevator runs ' all night. ,- j . " :- S
78
MARTIN BACKED
BY THE BOSSES
SAN JOSE'S
GANG CAINS
A RECRUIT
Status of an " Inde
pendent" Candidate
for Mayor.
Receives the Indorsement
of the Organ of the
Clique.
Despicable Political Tricks to
Defeat the Reform
Ticket.
LIES GIVEN CIRCULATION.
Teachers Told That the New Charter
Club Means to Discharge
Them All.
Special Dlsr-atch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, March s.— Charles J.
Martin, one of the alleged "indepen
dent" candidate? for Mayor, has gone
int<"> the camp of the "gang" without
reservation and without condition. His
position in the coming election is no
longer a matter of doubt.
In this morning's Mercury appears
the platform on which Mr. Martin pro
fesses to stand if elected. As the plat
form reads it is above reproach. But
as the document was undoubtedly
drafted and approved by the war
horses of the "gang" before even Mr.
Martin had an idea that he needed a
platform to stand on in order to catch
some of the votes of the unsophisti
cated, it is not likely that any but the
most unwary will be deceived.
In justice to the people of San Jose
this platform is presented in these
columns as it should in candor and
truth appear, according to the opinion
of those versed in the methods of the
gang and in the local political condi
tions.
No one can be found here with the
hardihood to doubt that the Mercury
is now being edited from the rear office
of the boss. In view of this fact the
columns of the Mercury will be
watched to see who are the men that
are receiving the backing of the
"gang." The indorsement of the Mer
cury will at once put the brand of the
"gang" upon the individual whom it
thus singles out. Charles J. Martin to
day received the indorsement of the
Mercury.
No means are apparently too des
picable for the gang to adopt to
achieve its ends. To-day was exposed
one of its peculiar political tricks. For
the past few days its henchmen were
busy disseminating the report that the
New Charter Club candidates proposed,
if elected, to remove about fifty of the
schoolteachers. These gangsters went
so far as to state that they had seen
the list of the teachers who were to be
dismissed. It has been the aim of these
degraded tools of the gang to see every
teacher in the schools of San Jose, and
to convey to each the impression that
he or she, as the case might be, had
been proscribed. The "gang" hopes by
this to array every member of the city
school department against the ticket of
the New Charter Club.
There is not the slightest foundation
for this report, say all the members
and candidates of the New Charter
Club to whose attention the report was
called. S. E. Smith, the Charter Club
candidate for Mayor, denounced the
action of the "gang" as malicious and
based upon utter falsehood. He added
that even if such a course was pro
posed it would not be possible to carry
it out, as the charter provides that all
employes of the city departments
should hold during good behavior. The
civil service provisions of the new
charter are looked upon as one of the
chief merits of the instrument under
which the city will be hereafter gov
erned.
At a conference to-night of commit
tees representing three organizations
allied with the good government move
ment the following resolution was
adopted:
Resolved. That this joint committee rec
ommend the ticket nominated by the New
Charter Club to our several organiza
tions, and that in our opinion it Is the
duty of all good citizens to heartily sup
port the entire ticket.
These organizations alone have a
voting strength of not less than 1200
Saturday next will be the last day
on which voters may register for the
coming election. Registration should
be attended to at once, by every one
who wants to see the tentacles of the
"gang" octopus removed from San
Jose.
ADVERTISEMENTS. 7
/*^_k DR7SOPER
?J^lfl, . GUARANTEES
•^^p s *^^^^?: To cure every case he accepts for the
■^S»HmFm price quoted below, including all mcdi-
■ f^iOiißßpß cines * This offer applies only to those
k^pr!p^3L wno commence treatment before April
r^^tv^^aH^ 2d, If incurable you will be told so.
Catarrh $20 00 j Piles. ...... ......$2O 00 Kidney Diseases i" ; i.-.iV.J2O 00
Rheumatism 20 00 ! Paralysis 60 00 Nervous Debility ....'. 20 00
Neuralgia 20 00 j Skin Diseases 20 00 Syphilis . ;...... 30 00
Sciatica 20 00 j Diabetes 25 00 Varlcocele.. .... ....... 20 00
Fistula ;.... 30 00 j Ulcers (chronic) 40 00 I Stricture.. 30 00
Asthma .. ....... — ...25 00 ! Bladder Diseases 20 00 ' Rupture .. . .... 40 00
Gravel 20 00 j Bronchitis ....... ...... 20 00 i Lobs of Manhood 20 00
Consumption, Ist stage 30 00 Epilepsy or Fit 5....... 30 00 ' Gonorrhoea..... ...... 10 00
Tape Worm — .. ...... 20 00 | Diseases of Liver...... 20 00 ' Gleet ................... 15 00
Dr0p5y............. ....30 00 Goitre or Thick Neck. 30 00 Prostatic Diseases .... 20 00
Dyspepsia ... ....15 00 Bait Rheum :.... ....... 25 00 Tumors .:.... $50 00 to 400 00
Deafness 30 00 Bright's Disease 40 00 I Cancer . $100 00 to 600 00
During the past three months 2526 were examined, and 842 were rejected as Incurable. *?"•■
MEN who are Nervous. Despondent. Diseased and Weak from early Indiscretion and excess
la life readily restored by the Neutralizing System. * ..' - - • ■ -- . ■ -
DISK ASES OF WOMEN treated by an entirely new and Dainiess method. • .' . .
Those unable to call Inclose history and stamp for reply."- •■■ ■ .■■■■• - ■
r. - .- .; CONSULTATION AND ADVICE FREE, - -
Hours 10 to 13 A. m.. Ito 5 and 7to 8 p.m.; > Sundays, 10 to 12 a. m. ' ; -"" j -' !
DR.; A. ; SOPER'S SANITARIUM, 524 TAYLOR ST., s.s .n c K££~'t...
CHARLES J, MARTIN'S PLATFORM
AMENDED AS IT SHOULD READ,
I keenly appreciate the fact that an emergency has arisen In this
city which demands that the gang— under obligations to no political
party, force or Influence, and unallied with any individual, clique or
corporation— irrespective of their individual political affiliations, and
regardless of the sacrifice of time and personal inclinations which such
action involves, step to the front and assume the responsibility of man
aging the affairs of the municipality, to the end that official extrava
gance and corruption may be maintained, and that the local govern
ment may be administered along the lines of dishonesty and extrava
gance.
First— l believe that every contract for municipal supplies, ma
chinery or material of whatever nature should be let to the highest
and worst bidder.
Second — I do not believe that the officials of San Jose should conduct
the business of the city in the same way they would carry on their own
private business, exercising similar judgment, discretion and econ
omy, or their opportunities for boodling would be gone.
Third— l declare that for city officials to be interested in any man
ner in contracts or supplies to be furnished the city is not contrary to
public policy. Any officer or appointee of the city may be a com
petitor for public supplies.
Fourth — I believe that the members of the Appointing Board should
be men who will faithfully carry out the wishes of the gang; men
whose personal reputation and business capacity are so well known
that the most perfect trust can be placed in their judgment by the
gang; so that every branch of the government will be under the man
agement of only men allied with or under control of the gang.
Fifth — I am in favor of the creation of sinecure positions in all of
the municipal departments, for political or personal friends, or for any
person or purpose whatsoever.
Finally, I declare that it is my earnest wish that every depart
ment of the city government be administered in accordance with the
wishes of the bosses, for the best Interests of the gang. And, if elect
ed, it will be my earnest aim and purpose to give the city over to the
gang administration, to the accomplishment of which desirable end I
will devote my time and direct my best energies.
THE BESSIEK
REPORTED LOST
Startling Story Told by
an Arrival From
Alaska.
Says the Steamship Has Been
Wrecked and All Hands
Drowned.
Statement Discredited by the Master
of the Vessel Which Brought
Him Down,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, March 5.— A passenger
who arrived here to-day from Alaska
on the steamship City of Seattle has
informed Agent Grauman of the steam
ship Bessie X that the wreck passed
by the City of Seattle north of Victo
ria, which was reported last night, had
all the, appearance of being the Bessie
X, which is seven days overdue. The
wreck lies on the rocks 100 miles north
of Victoria, and there are no indica
tions of any survivors.
The Bessie X was owned by J. S.
Kimball & Co. of San Francisco, and
left that port for Alaska with a heavy
load of freight and passengers. She
had a capacity of 100 passengers and
200 tons of freight, and was scheduled
to leave here for Dyea on March 1.
She is supposed to have been wrecked
on her voyage south, having been in
the track of the late disastrous storm
that swept the northern coast. So con
fident is Agent Grauman that she is
lost that he has arranged to send the
passengers booked for her next trip
north on the Navarro.
Owing to the fact that the Bessie X
was coming south, it cannot be learned
at present how many passengers she
was carrying.
A letter received from Juneau,
Alaska, to-day says the steam schooner
Whitelaw, which ran ashore four miles
from Juneau, is still on the sandbar.
The Whitelaw was left in shallow
water and careened at an angle of
about 30 degrees. She is likely to draw
off the beach on March 8, when the
waters reach high lines in the channel.
TACOMA. March s.— President Wal
lace and officers of the steamship City
of Seattle know absolutely nothing of
the loss of the steamship Bessie X,
and heard nothing of it .on the way
down.
COLLECTS TOLLS FROM
STAGE PASSENGERS.
Lone Highwayman Holds TJp the
Santa Barbara-Los Olivos
Coach.
SANTA BARBARA. March s.— The
stage running between here and Los Oli
vob was held up this morning by a lone
highwayman eight miles this side of Los
Olivos. The horses were climbing a small
grade. When near the top a voice called
out "Halt!" and before the driver could
take in the situation he was covered by
two revolvers held by a small-sized man,
who stood at the side of the road with
a gunnysack over his head. The robber
took $10 from the passengers. The Sheriff
has sent two men to the scene of the
holdup.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 6, 1898.
PIQUART AND
HENRY FIGHT
The Friend of Zola and
Dreyfus Triumphs in
a Duel.
Twice Wounds the Officer Who
Succeeded. to His Com
mand.
Esterhazy's Challenge to the Victor of
the Combat Treated Con
temptuously.
Copyrighted, IR9B. by James Gordon Bennett.
PARIS, March s.— As foreshadowed
in my dispatch yesterday, the duel be
tween Lieutenant-Colonel Henry and
ex-Lieutenant-Colonel Picquart came
off this morning in the riding school of
l'Ecole Militaire. Only the seconds and
surgeons were present, sentries being
posted at the entrances of the school.
The encounter was conducted with
energy, but with great courtesy on
both sides. Neither allowed his face
to betray emotion. Tne combatants
kept at close quarters, their swords
being crossed to the extent of one
third of the blades as in a fencing
bout, whereas in most Parisian duels
the swords only a little more than
touch. Both stood their ground
throughout during the first bput.
After a thrust from Colonel Henry,
which grazed his adversary's neck, the
director of the combat stopped the
contest, supposing Colonel Picquart
had been touched. A surgeon's exami
nation showed that he had not been
wounded and the encounter was re
sumed.
In the second bout, which was ex
tremely warm, Colonel Henry received
his adversary's good point in his arm.
The combat was again stopped and the
surgeons turned up the sleeve of
Colonel Henry's shirt. They found that
Colonel Picquart's rapier had inflicted a
deep wound in the elbow, which, be
sides being very painful, paralyzed two
fingers. At the same time the surgeons
discovered a second wound, very slight,
on the inner side of his right forearm,
which Colonel Henry in the heat of the
encounter had not noticed.
The duel was at an end. The com
batants dressed and separated with a
formal salutation, not shaking hands.
There now remains the Esterhazy
challenge. The Figaro announced that
Colonel Picquart refused to receive Ma
jor Esterhazy's seconds. The Aurore
will to-morrow publish a letter dated
March 5 and addressed to Major Ester
hazy's seconds, in which Colonel Pic
quart says:
"I have the honor to inform you that
it is impossible for me to appoint sec
onds for the affair which was the ob
ject of your two letters yesterday."
VICTORY FOB THE SPORTS.
Failure to Convict the Seconds of
McCoy and Burley.
HOT SPRINGS. Ark., March s.— "Billy"
Layton ana "Jack" Grace, seconds, re
spectively, for Kid McCoy and Nick Bur
ley, were arrested here to-day on war
rants issued at the instance of Sheriff
Houpt, charging them with aiding and
abetting a prize fight. They were tried
this afternoon before Justice Afford by a
jury. A large number of witnesses were
examined. The purpose of the prosecu
tion was to first show that a prize fight
had taken place and then to connect Lay
ton and Grace with it. The proof was
that a glove contest, such as have been
frequently pulled off here without inter
ference from .he authorities, had taken
place. The State failed completely to
make out a case and a verdict of acquit
tal was promptly returned by the Jury.
Warrants are out for McCoy and Bur
ley, but it is not probable that they will
be served, since they both left the city
last night.
MICHAEL AT ST. LOUIS.
ST. LOUIS, March s.— The' initial ap
pearance of "Jimmy" Michael, the
"Welsh Rarebit," In St. Louis packed the
Coliseum to-night. In his five-mile race
against time he was paced by tandems,
and at times it seemed that he would
forge ahead of his pacers. He made the
five miles in 10:41, and left the track ap
parently as fresh as before the race.
Jay Eaton won the mile open profes
sional race, with Al. Newhouse second.
Time, 2:10 4-5.
The match race between Jay Eaton and
Charles McCarthy was of especial inter
est. McCarthy won is straight heats. He
won the first heat easily in 1:58 and the
second heat by half a wheel in 1:59.
The last race was the consolation race.
Bob Walthour won. Time. 2:16.
Michael will go south, probably to Hot
Springs, where he will go into training for
the coining season.
CANADA HOLDS
BOTH TRAILS
Mounted Police Camped
Near Skaguay and
Dyea.
Full Confirmation of the Re
ported Seizure of
Territory.
Dominion Customs Officer Halting
Klondike Argonauts at
Lindeman.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
JUNEAU, Alaska, March 1 (via Seat
tle, Wash., March s).— Further confir
mation of the report that Canadian j
mounted police have occupied the
White and Chilcoot passes was brought
to-day by James D. Esary. He said:
"Captain Strickland of the mounted
police is at the summit of White Pass
with a force of eighteen men, collecting
duty, and a lieutenant with eighteen
men is at Chilcoot Pass doing the same
thing. The White Pass camp of the
mounted police is within twelve miles
of Skaguay and the Chilcoot camp is
within eighteen miles of Dyea."
The following letter shows that rights
of ownership are exercised at Linde
mann definitely by Collector of Cus
toms Godson:
BENNETT. B. C, Feb. 24.— Willie
Thorpe. Skaguay— Sir: I have the honor
to request that you will present yourself
at Bennett, B. C. within the next few
days with all invoices of goods and meat
now in the province of British Columbia
at Lake Bennett. I found a notice of
sale of your goods on the trail between
Lakes Bennett and Lindemann, and have
forbidden your man in charge to dispose
of a single pound until the duty was
paid.
Please give this your earliest attention.
I have the honor to be your obedient
servant,
(Signed) J. GODSON,
Collector of Customs.
Lake Bennett.
EX-MAYOR WASHBURN
OF CHICAGO INDICTED.
Accused of Having Procured Police
Force Positions for Men
Not Qualified.
CHICAGO, March s.— Dudley "Winston,
president of the Civil Service Commission,
and ex-Mayor Hempsteail Washburn, also
a member of the commission, were in
dicted by the Grand Jury for alleged ir
regularities in office. They are charged
with having certified to the Commissioners
of Police for appointment a number of
men who are below 5 feet S inches in
height, which the law prescribes as the
minimum stature for policemen.
Robert Lindblom. an ex-member of the
commission, was indicted for keeping a
bucketshop. Richard C. Gunnine, As
sessor of the South Town, was indicted
for having solicited a bribe of $1000 as his
price for reducing the assessed valuation
of the Reliance building, at State and
Washington streets, to $10o,0#.
Manning Ballast Point.
SAX DIEGO, March s.— Lieutenant
Humphreys, comma n. ling Battery D,
Third Artillery, sta timed at this place,
received orders yesterday to send his
company of artillery at once to Point
Lonia and to proceed to mount the
three ten-inch rii!» s without delay. He
expects to send his whole company,
with the exception of six men, who will
be left in charge of the barracks, to
Ballast Point, where they will remain
until the guns are mounted. This
morning the third gun was shipped to
its destination at Ballast Point, so that
now three guns and their carriages are
on the ground.
FAMILY STRIFE
AIRED IN COURT
Prisoner Accused of Incen
diarism by Brother and
Sister.
Has the Support of His Father in
a Feud Begun Long
Ago.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALINAS, March s.— The Cudiford
arson case now being deliberated upon
by a jury in the Superior Court of
Monterey County, Is indeed a puzzling
one. The jurors have been deliberating
for over twenty-four hours, but cannot
reach a verdict.
The facts leading up to the arrest of
Arthur Cudiford, charged byhisbrother
with firing the latter's barn near Brad
ley, prove that a feud has existed
in the Cudiford family for some time.
Two sisters and one brother against the
father and son seemed to be the way
they were divided at the trial, and all
through the case this alignment was
more forcibly brought out as different
members of the family were put upon
the stand to testify.
James Cudiford, the father of seven
children, came to California in '49, sail
ing around the Horn. He went direct
to Tuolumne County, where he was en
gaged in mining until 1858. He then
went to the Hawaiian Islands and en
gaged in the mercantile business. In
1865 he married a half-breed Kanaka.
Cudiford was not very happy after his
marriage, and he and his Hawaiian wife
never agreed. Seven children were
born, however, before the couple finally
separated. The youngest child, a girl,
who gave the most damaging testi
mony against her brother at the trial,
was only two years old when the mother
left the family roof in Hawaii. This
was at a time when the children were
sick with typhoid fever. During this
illness two died.
In .1886 Mr. Cudiford removed his
family to this State and settled in the
lower end of this county. He had con
siderable money, and gave his children
a good education, but there were al
ways family quarrels, the last one oc
curring in November.
A young Spaniard was paying atten
tions to the youngest daughter. The
father and Arthur Cudiford objected,
and the other children, two of whom
were already married, favored the girl.
As a result there was a separation, the
young girl going to one brother and the
father and elder brother remaining to
gether.
Their ranches were adjoining and the
quarreling continued. One night soon
after one of these disputes young Cudi
ford's barn was burned. Arthur Cudi
ford was accused and the youngest sis
ter says that she saw her brother at
the time the barn was ablaze.
CARNIVAL WEEK
AT SANTA ROSA
I Pythian Grand Lodge to
Be Entertained in
May.
Queen of the Roses Will Be
Crowned at the Same
Time.
Extensive Preparations Made for the
Reception of the City's
Guests.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, March s.— As the re
sult of several weeks' planning the ex-
I ecutive committee having in charge the
I entertainment of the delegates to the
j Grand. Lodge, Knights of Pythias,
i which will meet in this city on May 16
: to 21, announced this evening a pro
| gramme which is perhaps more elab
! orate than anything of a similar na
j ture ever before attempted in this city.
It is proposed to combine the annual
l Rose Carnival, which for so many
seasons has been eagerly looked for
ward to by a host of Californians, with
the entertainment offered the Sir
Knights and their ladies.
On Monday evening. May 16, the del
egates to the Grand Lodge, Knights of
Pythias, and the delegates to the
Grand Temple of the Rathbone Sisters
will arrive in this city. They will be
met at the depot by the reception com
i mittees of the Pythian lodges of Santa
Rosa, and, headed by Parks' Santa
Rosa band, will be escorted to the Odd
Fellows' building, which is to be util
ized as headquarters for the week. It
is expected that the Grand Lodge of
both orders will convene in initial ses
sion that evening, the Sir Kinghts in
Odd Fellows' Hall and the Rathbone
Sisters in Fraternity Hall, in the same
block.
Tuesday, May 17, is to be devoted to
the work of the grand lodges, but on
Tuesday evening the visiting delegates
will be tendered a reception at the
Athenaeum. An address of welcome
will be delivered by the Mayor of the
city, and suitable responses made by
the grand officers. Music and other
exercises will follow, and a banquet
will be served in the banquet room and
in Society Hall, both of which are lo
cated in the Athenaeum building.
Lodge work will occupy the time and
attention of the delegates on Wednes
day morning, but on Wednesday after
noon an excursion will be run to Bo
hemia, near Guerneville. The trains on
the San Francisco and North Pacific
Railway will be run so that the visitors
may return to this city before 6 o'clock.
The delegates will probably be tendered
somfi sort of a reception by the citizens
of Guerneville, and the fare from the
city has been placed at a km- rate for
the round triD. On Wednesday even
ing a banquet will be served in Ridg
wav Hail. This will be entirely a Pyf.h
ian affair, and the preparations will be
on a scale commensurate with the im
portance of the occasion. The hall will
be elaborately decorated.
Thursday, both forenoon and after
noon, will be given over to ledge work,
but on Thursday evening the great
Pythian ball will be given at the Athe
naeum. This will be one of the chief
features of the week, and it is proposed
to conduct it upon a scale never before
attempted here. Before the gallant
knights and ladies begin their tripping
of the light fantastic the coronation of
the Rose Carnival Queen will take
place. It is proposed to have this fea
ture carried out with great pomp and
splendor that it may be in harmony
with the idea of Pythian chivalry.
After the coronation of the queen, at
a given signal, all the bells in Santa
Rosa will break into joyous clamor,
whistles will be blown, and by a proc
lamation from the Queen's prime minis
ter, the citizens of Santa Rosa and her
distinguished guests will be command
ed to lay aside the cares of business
and devote twenty-four hours to gaiety
and revelry, for on Friday will be held
the grand carnival of 1898. Following
the announcement will come the grand
ball.
The carnival pageant will take place
Friday afternoon, and if the present
plans do not miscarry the parade will
be one of marvelous beauty. Floats
are already being planned, and a num
ber of wealthy citizens will enter their
traps, dog carts, phaetons, surries, car
riages, etc., all beautifully decorated in
honor of Queen Flora's reign.
The Winslow Goes South.
NORFOLK, Va., March s.— The tor
pedo boat Winslow left the navy yard
about noon, and steamed out to the
Capes. The Winslow is apparently
bound for Key West.
88 82 82 82 83 Si 82 *. 82 82 S3 88 83 82 833 88 88 83 88 82 *. 82 82 \ 83 82 *. 88 *. *. *. «. '
SOMETHING NEW t
FLEXIBLE fj||
r Lh AlDlxCi Wmm
. * E m DENTAL^m
FULL SET. X UxIIJJU : <fy& »
CroWQS $3.50. Fillings 50 Cents.
CHICAGO DENTAL F»/\RLORS,
:# 24 SIXTH ST.. COR. STEVENSON. Open Evenings.
"• 83 88 83 83 %838383"i88828383838383885883%5383% *. 82 % 83 83 83 88 ». 83 *.
aaa» a a a a*a «a»aaaaa« a a a » a a a a a ;a aa a »««»«««
1 f^\£ : I A Funny Thing |
O J£&s"Jte%s3^-& : &X Hi "*JZ It is that pome people will pay a high «
7. " m^MWlMaWrMJtm^ U price for an inferior Klectrlc l!,-lt when"
tt VjrfJ&M# L £?/ #Hv // — — — =* nr^- claf!S arti^^- with all modern Im- iC>
MONEY. We would suggest . that you w
Wr®wKrw£f^^twM^ Bay No Belt Till You See Dr. Pierces. " g
V W^SStß^m^/ mkwM&^^7* Everybody Recommends Them. £
/i/^A^^^^Ei&mWw IX&&^*>. writes Ja s% Lfl "?. a . n Of Gold HiH - Nev -
Z. jL--\-*-/^^\^^MBFW/&4k W } V f v f, been usln >' our Belts for years ;/v; /v
W / /^^ s/^ 2? It ■]> an ''' nn<3ln S they have done mo. a great J
O' / -^T /y^4r/ Jei J9 of S oOtl - have recommpnrletl th« us» A
C- / " / A I ■'yfrt m *<lf / of them to a lady with Rheumatism! I :I
Of / / /]/ /j^fl^r\ talk abnut , - VOUI ' Belts a great deal and V
g. \ / / ji/ V /t^Ts' [Aw r^h Or ? me ?ni th ( ? 1^ to any person I know Of 1
s^ '/ . / / / / lA 'I C^" Send for our book. It tells every- ** i
V • , y .'^S-'- '■■ \S • '■■-'/ ■'■'•■' 'I I thing. about Electric -Belts and what they *•* j
« • ... .  ■ are good for. 'Address or call on the jt^
Z. undersigned.
« PIERCE ELECTRIC CO. 620 .Qpp^aiacfL^s.F. \
Z\_ * SEATTLE OFFICE— Rooms 35-36. Sullivan block, 712 First aye.. Seattle. -•-...;&■
;aaa a a » a a «»«»»» a a a : aa'a a a a a a a a » a a "a a a' a"aa»
DIES BEFORE HE
REACHES HOME
Sad Fate of a Man Who
Attempted to Walk
to Dawson.
Humboldt County Argonaut
Passes Away at Ta
coma.
Attacked by Spinal Meningitis on the
Trail and Forced to Turn
Back.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA. March 5.— A man suffering
intensely arrived from Victoria yester
day, and went directly to the Fannie
Paddock Hospital. He announced him
self as B. D. Witter of Rio Del. Cal..
and said that he had just come from
Skaguay on the steamship Islander, ar
riving yesterday at Victoria. Aftermak
ing this explanation to Mrs. McCutch
eon, the matron of the hospital, he add
ed: "ph, it's nice here, but 1 am very
sick." Then he became unconscious.
During the night he died.
Physicians believe the cause of the
man's death was spinal meningitis, con
tracted on the trail. This is substanti
ated by Witters diary, which details
hia sufferings. He went north with a
Portland friend named Gieger and
Charles Rigby of San Francisco. On
the first night out of Skaguay their
beds were made upon the snow. Wit
ter mentioning particularly that he
missed a mattress. He caught a severe
cold, and the next day was sick. Rig
by returned to Skaguay and procured
more bedding for him. He got some
better, and their packing was contin
ued. Soon he was complaining, and be
came so ill that all agreed he should
return home.
Witters face bore evidence of intense
suffering when he reached the hospi
tal, and his head especially pained him.
His pockets contained letters addressed
to his wife, Mrs. Rigby and to Mrs.
Geiger. Mrs. McCutcheon wired to
Mrs. Witter, who replied that she would
ccrme at once if needed, and requested
that her husband write to her daily.
Witter never received the message, as
he was unconscious when it came. His
wife was informed of his death, and
wired that she would start from Rio
Del, Humboldt County, to-night for San
Francisco, where she will board a train
for Tacoma. She asked that the body
be emblamed.
Witters diary speaks tenderly of his
wife and two- little daughters, whom he
Intensely desired to see once more. In
one entry he says he would give all he
owned to be home again. Nevertheless,
he would press on, hoping to conquer
in the end. He took north a first-class
outfit, including a kodak, which was
left with his partners. He was abc-ut
30 years old, and had been a machin
ist and electrician. He sailed for Skag
uay on the steamship Cleveland early
in February.
HIGH SCHOOL ATHLETICS.
Three Classes Compete in a Field Day
at San Jose.
BAN JOSE. March s.— The senior, mid
dle and junior classes of the San Jose
High School held a very successful field
day at Agricultural Park to-day. There
was a large attendance and great enthu
siasm. The Middles were victorious by
59 points, the Seniors 33 and nic Juniors
! 15. A summary of the events follows:
100 yard dash— Black first, Topham second,
Place third. Time. :11.
One-half mile bicycle— Allen first. Hill sec
ond. McDonald third. Time, 1:07.
High jump — Topham first, Hassett second,
Naramore third. Height. 5 feet 4 inches.
220 yard dash— Bin ck nrnt, Stevens second.
Cavallaro third. Time. :21.
Pole vault— Hassett first. Tophnm second,
Naramore third. Height, 9 feet 6 inches.
Exhibition 100 yard dash— Harter first, Birch
second. Time. :10M;.
Exhibition mile— Wells. Time, 2:0.-.
Shot put— Topham first. Thompson second.
Rea third. Distance, 33 feet VA inches.
440 yard dash— Stevens first. Xaramore sec
ond. Cavallaro third. Time, :53.
Broad jump — Topham first, Bassett second.
Distance. 20 feet 4 inches.
Mile bicycle — Allen first. Lawrence second.
Time. 2:27 l *.
Hammer throw— Bassett first. Topham sec
ond, Naramore third. Distance, 109 feet 6
inches.
Relay race— Won by Class of '98 (Middlers).
Time, 3:36.
Fresh Laurels for Bismarck.
BERLIN, March s.— Emperor William,
on March 25, the sixtieth anivcrsary of
the entrance of Prince Bismarck into the
army, will confer upon the former Chan
cellor a signal distinction. Dr. Schwen
inger, the Prince's physician, has for
bidden noisy demonstrations nr loud
speaking at Fredericksruhe on the occa
sion of Prince Bismarck's birthday, April
1, owing to the statesman's precarious
state of health.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
HOW¥ FIND OUT.
Fill a bottle or common glass with
your water and let it stand twenty-four
hours; a sediment or settling indicates
1 an unhealthy condition of the kidneys;
if it stains your linen it is evidence of
i kidney trouble; too frequent desire to
j pass it or pain in the back is also con-
! vincing proof that the kidneys and
bladder are out of order.
WHAT TO DO.
There is comfort in the knowledge so
often expressed, that Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the great kidney remedy,
fulfills every wish in relieving pain in
the back, kidneys, liver, bladder and
every part of the urinary passages. It
corrects inability to hold water and
scalding pains in passing it, or bad
effects following use of liquor, wine or
beer, and overcomes that unpleasant
necessity of being compelled to get up
many times during the night. The mild
and the extraordinary effect of Swamp-
Root is soon realized. It stands the
highest for its wonderful cures of the
most distressing roses. If you need a
medicine you should have the best. Sold
by druggists; price fifty cents and one
dollar. Y"U may have a sample bottle
and pamphlet both sent free by mail
upon receipt of throe two-cent stamps
to cover oust of postage on the bottle.
M mtipn San Francisco Sunday Call, and
send your address to Dr. Kilmer & Co.,
Binghamton. N. Y. The proprietors at
this paper guarantee the genuineness of
this offer.
THEGREATSPECIALISTS
Thousands of cures, the endorsement of the
at the State of «"*alifornla,
e'qu pment on tbe cast, permit
DR. MEYERS <fe CO.,
731 MARKET STREET,
to n-..tk<- >"v an offer, the equal of which has
never t>eon heard of In this city. Sixteen years
of ■in. -i essfnl practice has made them so con-
fident that they can cure any case that they
undertake that they make you this unqualified
: :lion.
Not a Dollar Need Be Paid Until Cure Is Effected.
Dangerous symptoms. Dizziness.
Ahsentmindedncss. Palpitation of the
Bashfulness. 1 J--.-i.rt .
Tains In the Back. Nervousness.
Loss of Flesh. Drowsiness After
Black Heads, Pimples Meals.
Sleepiest Loss of Ambition.
Confusion m' Ideas.
Contagious blood poison, recently contracted
and badly treated cases, speedily cured.
It you cannot call at the office send fur
FREE BOOK AKD SYMPTOM BLANK.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
Hi eciallsta tot Men of the
English and German Expert Specialists,
731 Market Street.
Hours, s-."; Evenings, 7-8; Sundays, 9-1 L
No deception practiced.
- -No $100 fecward. )
| ASK YOUR DRUGGIST
. for a generous ' i
10 cent trial size. i
Elys Cream Balm
contains no cocaine, mercury nor any other in-
jurious (iTug. It opens and cleanses the Nasal
. Passages, , Allays Pain and Inflammation. Heals
and Protects the Membrane. Restores the Senses
of Taste and Smell. Is quickly absorbed- Give*
Relief- at once. 50 cts. at Druggists or by mail,
Trial Size Wets, at Druggists or by mail.
ELY BROTHERS, EM Warren Street. New York
SEMIANNUAL EXAMINATION
—OF— /
TEACHERS.
The regular semi-annual, examination of ap-
plicants for teachers' certificates 'High School,
Grammar and Primary grades and special cer-
tificates) will commence at v the Normal School
building-. Powell street, near Clay, on FRIDAY,
March 18. • IS9R," at 1:30 p. m.
In compliance with. the State school law each
applicant must pay an examination fee of $•? in
advance to Miss P. M. Nolan, secretary of the
Board. of Examiners, office, central corridor,
third floor. City Hall. R. H. WEBSTER,
Superintendent of Common Schools.
CHAS. W. WELCH, Secretary. -,'. ;
DR.MCNULTY.
nmiii V.Kf.L. KNOWN AND RKLrABLE Or.T»
■*- I'rlvatrsNorvons.Bloodandykin •
Diseases of Men oh.'v. Manly Power restored. Over
20 veers' experience. Send for Book, free. Patients,
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours, 9to 3
daily ;«::» toB.3oCT"na. Sdridays, 10 to 12. . Consulta- "
Uonfree and sacredly confldentia'. Call Or address
. IP. ROSCOK JIoSIXTT, M. »., - , . •
i 2G'< EearnT Street Man Francisco, t'ttl.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a poweriul r.pbruu^siau and specific . tonic
for | the sexual and i urinary organs of both
eexes. and a great remedy for diseases of tha
kidneys and bladder. A great . Restorative
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on its owa
Merits; no long- winded testimonials necessary
NABER, ALFS & BRUNE. Agents '
121 Market Street. S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
Q Visit DR. JORDAN'S Great
Iff&n Museum of Anatomy
H i^la \j ' The Ijir E Mtor ilskindlntb* World.
a^^ll DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
X VTVw H la. ■ Consulta-.ion rree. Write for Book'
\1 1 ■ ?^ Philosophy of . - Marriage.
**^ I MAILED FREE.
g?H DR. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
MJTIMI Five hundred reward for any caaa
d"""" ■• ' ma t&*' e cannot cure. This secret remedy
n-« ill _ -Hi 5^ op 3 a 11 ' losses in 24 hours, cures
■23 KM Emissions. Impotency, Varicocele,
ITU P7iUI, ionor i'! 1 "' a> Gl^et, Fits. Strictures.
K&M i: I»SS1 V° st ■ Manho <xi and all wasting et-
■^^JHlJ tools of self-abiseor excesses. Sent
BtiS2*ZiSP sealed J2 bottle: 3 bottles. J5; guar
anteed to cure.t Address HALL'S MEDICAL. IN-
STITUTE. , 305 Broadway. Oakland. Cat •--• Also
for. sale at 1073% Market > St., S. F. • Ail pri-
vate diseases quickly cured.: Send for free book.
k-I W> •■'' " .ii. ', . , .. x.. — - -- iRELIGION USED TO CLOAK CRIME.
The Brutal Wrong Done Alice Loy Will Be
Avenged.
Mrs, J. A. Clark and Captain Engleberg of God's
Regular Army Join "Genera!" Duggan
in Jail
George Spurgeon Dugpan, the self
appointed ocmmander of the Jesus
Christ Army, is still in the City Prison.
ivMne unable to furnish the necessary
bonds to insure his attendance in court
to answer the charge of having so hor
ribly ill-treated unfortunate little Alicf'
Loy, that hanging would be but leni
ent treatment if the crime alleged
against him is true. Duggan is not
the only religious pretender around
whom the meshes cf the law have been
drawn.
Mrs. J. A. Clark and Captain George
Engleberg of God's Regular Army, with
headquarters at 513 Howard street, are
also behind jail bars; the former
charged with cruelty to children, and
the latter with battery on Bennie Loy,
a brother of the unfortunate Alice Loy,
who is at present being cared for in
the Sisters' Shelter, at Sacramento.
The arrest of "General" Duggan and
the circumstances attending it were
fully and exclusively detailed yester
day in The Call.
Duggan was taken into custody by
Officer Frank Kane of the local Society
for the Suppression of Vice, Officer
Healy of the Sacramento society and
Lai Officer Con Kelly. The arrest
was made on the story told by Alice
Loy, who was abducted from this city
and taken to Sacramento by a man
named Weiss. The officers then com
menced a deeper investigation into the
matter with the result that Mrs. Clark
and Captain Engleberg are now keep
ing: "General" Duggan company in the
City Prison. As is to be naturally ex
BENNIE LOY, WHO WAS ILLY TREATED.
pect*»d. they all declare that they are
innocent and that they are the vic
tims of a set of unfortunate and mis
leading circumstances.
When Kane and Healy arrested Dug
gan Friday night they received infor
mation that Bennie Loy was being im
properly treated and that for the wel
fare of the child he should be taken and
placed in some public institution. Ben
nie, who i.s only nine years old and a
rather bright boy, has evidently been
coached as to the answers he should
give in the event of being questioned
concerning the treatment he received
since leaving home in Oregon with
Captain Engleborg as bis guardian.
Engleberg and the boy have been liv
ing in the "barracks" under the drug
store (in the corner of Howard and
Fourth streets since their arrival here.
When it was decided by Kane and
Ilealy to take charge ->f the boy. the for
mer went to the "barracks." while
Healy posted himself near the head
quarters of God's Regular Arn.y at 013
Howard street.
It was shortly after 7 o'clock yester
day morning when Kane descended the
ptairs leading to the barracks of the
Jesus Christ Army. The outer door was
ciosod and locked. Kane rapped on it,
and Engleberg came in respunse. Peer
ing through one of the glass panes in
the door Engleberg caught sight of
Kane, and, defiantly shaking his hand
at him, dar^d him to enter.
Kane, not being armed w>th a war
rant, could not accept the defl. He de
tided, however, to wait until Engleberg
and the boy came out, and then, forci
bly, if necessary, take the child in
charge. Kane ensconced hinwelf be
hind a bootblack stand, and an hour
later was rewarded by the appearance
°t Englebere and the boy. They
walked down Howard street toward the
headquarters of (lod's Regular Army,
with Kane a few feet behind them.
When opposite the headquarters Healy
came up to JCntrleberg. and Kane took
: thy boy in charge. Engleberg at once
raised an outcry, and told the passers
by that tho boy was being kidnaped.
None of them interfered, as Kane dis
played his star. Engleberg pleaded
with all who passed them on the street
to assist him in preventing the child
being kidnaped. The rescuers turned
I up Second .street to Mission, along that
i thoroughfare to New Montgomery, with
Engleberg close behind them. Engle
1 berg was incessant in his demands for
assistance.
When Market street was reached he
ran into a saloon and demanded that
several people standing at the bar
should assist him in preventing the kid
naping, of the boy. By that time quite
■i crowd had gathered. One of the men
in the saloon advised Engleberg to go
t.> a telephone office a few doors away
and ring up the Central Police Station
for help. Engleberg accepted the ad
vice, ami while he was in the telephone
office, Kane and Healy boarded a Mc-
Allister street car.
When Engleberg came out he was
told that the officers had gone off with
th'- hoy on a car going westward. He
at once divined that they were head
ing for the Central Station and took
the street car. He reached the Cen
i tral Station a few minutes after the
rescuers. He demanded admission, and
being refused, stormed and raged. He
vowed that he would have the officers
arrested and only left the hall when
threatened with arrest unless he de
. Pistcd.
The boy was placed in charge of the
matron, and, after being questioned
concerning his treatment, told a story
that gave the officers sufficient warrant
to .swear to a complaint for the arrest
of Engleberg on the charge of battery.
A werant for the arrest of Mrs. Clark
for cruelly neglecting unfortunate Alice
Loy, after knowing her condition, was
taken out at the same time. The war
rant was served on Mrs. Clark at once,
but Engleberg was not found until sev
eral hours later.
A few minutes after Mrs. Clark's ar
rest "General" Duggan was called for
I preliminary examination before Judg»±
i Low. There was no complaint against
| him, and neither Officers Kane nor
s Ilealy felt that they could swear to
I one. All the knowledge they had of the
j case was hearsay, and hearsay cvi
i dence is not permissible. They were
|in a quandary as to how to proceed
i when a mesenger arrived from the City
| Prison, informing them that Mrs. Clark
would swear to the complaint, as she
was satisfied from her knowledge of
the case that Duggan was guilty of the
crime charged against him.
Mrs. Clark was at once sent for. She
promptly swore to the complaint, after
v hi eh sh>- iviis returned to the City
! Prison, and the preliminary examina
tion of Duggan was continued at his
r.-qiicst until next Tuesday afternoon.
Engleberg kept out of his way until
lat« In the afternoon, when Policeman
T. F. Coleman found him on Mission
' street and took him into custody on the
! warrant charging him with battery on
I Bennie Loy.
Kngleberg nnd Mrs. Clark will stand
together in their fight to save them
selves from conviction and neither of
' them will assist Duggan in keeping out
of the penitentiary.
"I think that I have been treated in a
most outrageous manner." said Mra.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 6, 1898.
Clark to a Call reporter last evening.
"I have been arrested on a charge of
cuelty to Alice Loir.** said she.
"when I did everything possible to
give her all that medical attention
could do. It is true that she told me
that Duggan had mistreated her dur
ing my absence from the barracks, but
at first I did not believe her story. She
is untruthful and I thougnt that she
was making up the story. A few days
later, when she became sick, I had a
physician called in and he prescribed
for her."
"Why did you not inform tho au
thorities and have General Duggan ar
rested when you obtained corroborative
evidence from the physician?" was
asked.
"I was advised by other members of
the army not to do so," she replied, "as
an exposure of the crime of General
Duggan would only result in scandal.
I did everything I could for Alice, and
I think it a burning shame that I
should be arrested. I am afraid im
prisonment will kill me. If I ever get
out of this place alive I will tell the
public, both from the platform and
through the press, how not only San
Francisco but California has shamed
itself by allowing my arrest. I am a
good woman and that I want to im
press on your mind. All intimations
that Weiss, who took Alice to Sacra
mento, and myself have been too
friendly is untrue.",
"Where is Weiss?"
"I don't know," replied Mrs. Clark.
"I last met him in Sacramento."
"Why did he abduct Alice Loy?"
"It was an error on his part, but he
did everything for the best," replied
Mrs. Clark. "He told me when I met
him at Sacramento that he had taken
Alice there in order to have her treat
ed by a physician who is a friend of
his."
The police, fearing that Mrs. Clark
would leave the city if allowed out on
light bail, had her bonds fixed at $500.
Engleberg also claims that he is an
other victim of misguided justice. "I
am charged with beating Benjiie Loy,"
said he, as he thumbed the pages orf a
pocket Bible, "but it is untrue. God
be jpraised. If I go to Jail I go there
knowing that lam innocent. There
have been other martyrs in the cause
of religion."
"Have you ever whipped Bennie?"
"I have," answered Engleberg, "for
I didn't want him to grow up a hood
lum."
"Has your punishment been severe at
any time?"
•'I will tell you confidentially," an
swered Engleberg, "that on one or two
occasions I beat him harder than I
| should have. But," added the prisoner
in a whisper. "I never beat him in a
place where the marks would show. I
; had a right to whip him, for his moth
|er gave me papers of guardianship
I over him until he was 21 years old."
"Have you the papers?"
"I have not," replied Engleberg.
"They were destroyed some time ago."
Officer Healy, who aided so material
ly in rounding up the prisoners, re
turned to Sacramento last evening, but
will be back again Tuesday to attend
the preliminary examination of Gen
eral Duggan. He will at that time be
accompanied by Dr. McGettigan, who
will testify as to the present physical
condition of Alice Loy. The mistreat
ed girl will be brought to the city to
testify against Duggan. In the mean
time, she will be cared for at the Sis
ters' Shelter In Sacramento.
Bennie Loy still bears marks of the
cruel treatment he received at the
hands of Engleberg. There is a part
ly healed cut on the thumb of his left
hand. It is, according to his story, the
result of a blow struck him by Engle
berg with a piece of lathe with a nail
on the end of it. He will be cared for
at the Youth's Directory on Howard
street, near Seventeenth, until after the
cases against Duggan, Kngleberg and
Mrs. Clark are finally disposed of in
court. i
Bennie admits that although young
he has been guilty of many misdemean
ors. He s*ays with entire frankness
that he has often lied, ran away from
home and been guilty of stealing. "But
1 don't do it any more," he adds. Not
withstanding his ill-treatment he is not
inclined to say more than is forced
from him when questioned.
"I have been often licked by Engle
berg," said he last night, "and prob
ably deserved it."
"Did he use a strap in chastising
you?" was asked.
"No, sir." replied the boy. "Some
times he would box my ears and slap
me in the face; sometimes he would hit
me with a lathe and sometimes he
wc-uld punch me in the sides with his
fists."
"Did you always have enough to eat
while with. the army?"
"I think so," answered the child, "but
sometimes I didn't have any dinner,"
he added.
"This cut," said he, pointing to a
wound on his thumb, "was caused by
a lathe. There was a nail on it when
Engleberg hit me, but I don't think
he knew the nail was there," he added
apologetically.
"Would you like to return to Mrs.
Clark and Engleberg?"
"No, sir." he answered. "It is much
nicer here."
The child then said that he was sent
out in the morning to beg and that on
one occasion he was accompanied by
his sister. He would go to bakeries and
ask for bread.
He was seldom refused, so plausible
was the tale he told. "I wouldn't be
here," said he, "if my father didn't
run away from my mother. He left
me and three other children behfnd.
Mother couldn't take care of us all, so
she gave Alice to Mrs. Clark and gave
me to Engleberg. I will have a home
of my own some day," he concluded,
cheerfully.
The specific charge against Engle
berg in that he cuffed the boy in an un
merciful manner last Thursday. In
fact, he was so rough in his treatment
that people in the army barracks felt
called upon to interfere. They have
been subpenaed by the humane offi
cers, and the police have but little
doubt of conviction of Engleberg.
WILL OPEN A NEW THEATER.
The Auditorium Will Be Bemodeled
and Called the Alhambra.
San Francisco is to have another play
house. The old Auditorium on Eddy and
Jones streets will be completely
remodeled, and will hereafter be known
as the Alhambra.
A board of directors was appointed yes
terday afternoon and- the contract for
contemplated improvements was immedi
ately awarded to J. Lyon the architect.
The directors are: Dr. Gregory. Attorney
A. Ruef . Solomon J. Levy Thomas P.
Woodward. George J. \oldheimer. H. P.
Tavlor and L. A. Rea. . The company is
incorporated with a capital of $300,000 di
vided into 30.000 shares ofsock.it $10 a
share. Three-fourths of this stock has
been already subscribed for, and the
fourth will be retained by the company.
A lease for ten years has been pro
cured both for the Auditorium and the
adjoining lot, which will be converted
Into a refreshment garden for the accom
modation of the patrons of the theater.
The theater, when completed, will have
a seating capacity of 2300. The idea is
to run the house on a flrst-class basis and
F resent the best talent procurable both
rom this country and Europe. Tt will
be opened the latter part of next June.
The Situation Unchanged.
Thr situation in the local railroad world
remains unchanged. SenFatlonal rumors
of all sorts that will not bear the test of
scrutiny, are continually circulating, but
nothing new of any consequence has de
veloped during the last twenty-four hours.
The agents of the different lines expect
to hear to-morrow that the lowa lines
have established a rate of 526 50 from
Chicago and $30 from New York.
The anxiety of all centers, however, on
the Southern Pacific, as it is expected
that sooner or later, that road will be
forced to fall into line with the rest;
when it does the Santa Fe will follow
suit, and lively times will be the conse
micm'e.
JOE ULLMAN
WON THE STAKE
Finished in Front of Won't
Dance for the Two-
Mile Event
Paul Griggs Downed Briar
Sweet and Created a
Track Record.
Ed Corrigan Annexed One More
Steeplechase With Capt. Rees.
Five Choices Beaten.
The Crocker- Woolworth Bank stake,
decided at Ingleside yesterday, over
two miles, attracted but a meager
quartet to the post, consisting of How
ard Mann, Lincoln 11, Won't Dance and
Joe Ullman. In the betting the latter
two horses, carrying the Corrigan
colors, had the first call at odds
of 7 to 5, with Lincoln next in de
mand. Fog obscured a view of the
horses, and it mattered but little, for
from a racing standpoint it was a
tame affair. Joe Ullman. with "Skeets"
Martin up, cut out the running and was
never caught. Nearing the wire
"Skeets" eased up and was momentar
ily passed by Ploane on Won't Dance.
Tod, however, pulled his horse up the
last few jumps and Ullman won by a
head in 3:29%, equaling the track rec
ord. Lincoln disposed of Howard
Mann for the show.
The crowd was a fair sized one, but
found hard game in its battle against
the books, the favorites being strewn
about promiscuously. Of the six
choices sent out Joe Ullman was the
only winner.
Probably the hardest fall the talent
received during the day was on Briar
Sweet, the torrid favorite for the final
five-furlong scramble. Played off the
boards, she was beaten out handily by
Paul Griggs, second choice in the bet
ting ridden by Dorsey, in the fast time
of 1:00%. a new track record.
The Hindoo filly, Humidity, was a
pronounced favorite for the two-year
old scramble, but was outfooted from
the start and finished in the show. In
a hard drive Henry Brown got the sec
ond choice, Formero, over the wire a
head before Semicolon.
Charley Thorpe on O'Fleeta out
finished Clawßon, astride the favorite,
McLight, in the seven-furlong selling
run next decided, winning by a nose.
The latter made all the running, but
got a trifle gay the last part apd was
nipped out on the post. Veragua was
a fair third. Cash Sloan made a late
run with Don Fulano, or he would have
been knocking at the door.
The short course resulted in another
win for th.' Corrigan jumper. Captain
Rees, which receded in the betting
from 3t02t09 to 5. Lord Chesterfield,
the favorite, with McAuliffe up, fell at
the fourth jump. Reno, al2to 1
chance, led ever all of the obstacles and
into the stretch, where Huston took the
lead with Captain Rees and won easily
by over a length.
Ed Corrigan's gliding, George Lee,
was plunged on to win the mile selling
affair, his odds gradually being swiped
to 9 to 10. Very little could be seen of
the race on account of fog. A furlong
from the wire Bonita was seen to be
leading her field, and at the wire
downed the favorite a length. Dr.
Marks finished in the show, ridden by
"Skeets" Martin.
The Calvarian Society.
The Calvarlan Society will hold the
second I^enten service under Its auspices
on this afternoon, at 3 o'clock, at St.
Mary's Cathedral. Rev. E. P. Dempsey
will deliver the sermon, his subject being
"The Women of the Passion." There will
also be the way of the cross and bene
diction of the blessed sacrament. Be
ginning- Sunday, the music of the' devo
tions will be rendered throughout the
series by a carefully trained choir of fifty
mixed voices. To-day there will be sung:
"Stabat Mater" (in English*, by the con
gregation also; "Veni Creator," arranged,
male quartet; "Jesu Dei Vivi" (Roselvia);
"O Salutarls." solo and chorus; "Tantum
Ergo," chorus (A. Capella). The services
are attended by members of the society
and Catholic people generally.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, M 7-1023 Mission.
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB-Ingleslde Track-lOßth day of the
Winter Meeting. Saturday. March 5.1898. Weather foggy. Track
good. m
688 Formero 113
658 Semicolon 109
676 Humidity NVS
(670) Buena Ventura ....106
(530) Santello 1091
680 Raclvan 101
680 Qtlherto 108
I 5
H 2
'! 4
i 1-
| i
7
M 3
::: :::
...
3 %
2 2Vi
4 4
1 n
63
6 2
7
1 h
2 %
3 fit
4 Shi
5 S
6 _
m ....'
H
3 3
3 4
8-5 13-10
5 10
6 15
10 40
50 100
S
Time. :49. Winner, W. B. Sink Jr.'s eh. c. by Conveth-Formosa. Good start. Won first
three driving.
693.
SECOND RACE-Seven furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $350.
672 O'Fleta. 6 125 l 324 » 34 33% 31% ins Thorpe 5 7-2
347 Mcl>ight.;a 123 3 2n 11* 1% H 21 % V lawson -~ 6:6 :° n : 5 :l
.664 Veralua. 5 ........120 ■ 5 lh 2»4 2h 2h -3 £ Jones 10 10
682 Don Fulano, a 123 6 75 76 61 OIH 4h C. Sloan 4 6
682 Walter J. ; 5 ..:..... 123 i 7 6 1 s>_ 4n 4 2 62', Mackl.n, 10 la
(578) Our Climate, 5 ....120 2 5> _ 6* 7 4 7 2 b 3 fc £?t •' o?> A
675 ' liSt nß Cl.inci; i:.::i2o 8 8 h 4 h 8 I 8»■ BVt McDonald ... 100 200
675 W Chance, a.... 120! 4 \ h 4h 5 1 6 H 8 McDonald ... 100 200
675 Sutton. 4 120, » ... ... ... ••• ••• [Dorsey 1 10 15
Time." 1:29 V Winner, J. MacManus" br. g- by Harry OFallon-Fleeta. Good start. Won
first three driving. • ■ -r _J ' ' r - •
) 1
3
5
', 6
I 7
2
is 2
8
4
•
3 2-j 3 4
2 n 11*
lh 2V4
75 7 6
6 1 5 % ■
5 >,A 6 hi
8 8
4h 4 h
3 3%
1 Vz
2 h
6 1
4 n
7 4
8
5 1
8 1*
11.
2 h
0 1%
4 2
7 2
8
6 '4
1 ns
2 2%
3%
4 h
5 2% .
63
7 % I
8
... I
... -
Thorpe
Clawson
5
6-5
10
4
10
6
20
100
10
7-
5-
]
]
<
2(
' - ]
Jones
C. Sloan
Macklin ,
[Conley
0. Wilson
! McDonald ...
Dorsey
694.
THIRD RACE— Steeplechase • short course; four-year-olds and upward; purse,
$400.
(678) Capt. Rees, 6
6.'.9 Reno, a. •
673 Oov. Budd, 5
678 Mestor. a
670 Monita, a ...........
641 Lord Chesterneld, 4.
'I t
I 1
I 5
I 3
! 2
! 6
33
1 2
58
6
4 2
2 5
%
hi
1
10
2 I<i 2 3 3 6
13 14 14
3 3 81% !'i
6 4 4 50
4 12 5 8
* ... -• ...
1 IVi
2 4
3 6
4 50
5
n 3-2 9-5
n 10 12
na .... 8 12
6 8
r 6 5
Iff ....I 6-5 8-5
Time. 4:O6Vi. Winner, B. Corrlgan's eh. g. by Imp. Rosslngton-Ada Reese. Good start.
Won easily. —
695.
FOURTH RACE-Two miles; three-year-olds and upward; the Crocker- Woolworth
Bank Stakes; value, $1750.
Weight.
(693) Joe UHman. 4 107 1 1 16 17 18 16 Jh H. Martin ... 3-2 7-j
649 Won't Dance. 6 106 3 4 4 3 3 2 1 22* 2 7 r. Sloan • •
(877) Lincoln 11. 4 115 4 3 2 22H 2 310 315 320 Thorpe | S-5 S-o
__L Howard Mann. 5....121 2 2 4-=, 3 1 4 4 4 4 jciayton j 3 14-o
Time, 15 '^^. 1 Winner, "-."'Corrlgan'B eh. g. by Rlley-Hettie Harris. Good start. Won
raslly. ' '
H. Martin ...
T. Sloan
IThorpe
Clayton
696.
FIFTH RACK— One mile; selling; three- year-olds; puree. $400.
690 Bonito
(65?) George Lee
(660) Dr. Marks
679 Gotobed
660 Watomba
644 Ilermogo
690 Bonlto 'W 2 2 2 J«i 11 C
165?) George Lee ........109 5 • ,4* , ... ... 2h 21% T
(660) Dr. Marks •• 107 6 5 1 ... ... 3% ... 2>_ H
1679l 679 Gotobed .-,.110 1- G ... ... 53 43 C
600 Watomba 107 4 3»4 . ... ... 4 2 ,5 8- T
644 Hermoao .v. ;....-... '.H0 3>--l S ..-..■- ... 6 ; 0 - — M
2
I
1-
4
3
2 2 -
| 4 4 V
6 1
C
3 M ' .
1 S
.1214
2 h :
3 %
5 3
'•4 2 -■
6
1 1
2 VA
3 2>_
4 3
6 8
C
"onley i .">-2 12-3
r. Sloan I .",-". I>-H
I. Martin ... 4 6
"lawson ITi S
"horpe 10 15
dclntyrp j 25 30
Time, 1:42^3. Winner, C. P. Fink's b. f. by Longstreet-Bonetta.
easily.
Good . start. Won
697.
SIXTH RACE— Five furlongs; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
l_
6Sr, Paul Orlggs. 4
(63.) Briar Sweet. 3
C 73 Tea Rose, 4.... j
577 Montgomery, 5 j
606 Libertine, a :
4
2
1
3
5
3 h
2 1
1 n
4 8
5
3 h
2 1»_
1 h
4 8
5
4 5
2 IVi
1 h
3 111 1
5
1 1
(2 2:>
'- 3 3%
■ 4 7 :
6
horsey
'. Sloan
'lawson
'onley
hields
Time. 1:00%. Winner, B. J. Johnston^ gr. c. by imp. Order-Lucy Lisle. .Good start.
Won cleverly.
EMPLOYES
TO BUY HIS
PROVISIONS
Strange Assessment
Levied toy the Board
of Health.
Intend That Dr. Hart Shall
Not Starve at St.
Michael.
Members of the Department
Ordered to Contribute To
ward a "Gift Fund."
GRAND JURY INTERESTED.
Considerable Surprise Created by
the "Modest" Demand of the
Board.
Considerable surprise was expressed
among the employes of the Board of
Health yesterday afternoon when it
was officially announced that an as
sessment of $3 each would be levied to
"buy provisions for Dr. Hart."
Several weeks ago Dr. Hart resigned
as member of the Board of Health to
accept a position in a hospital at St.
Michael. While regretting his threat
ened departure the employes were as
tonished yesterday when they received
the following communication, signed
by the heads of the respective depart
ments:
"You are requested to contribute to
ward a farewell gift to Dr. H. H. Hart.
The rate has been fixed at $3 per head."
The "farewell gift," it was afterward
explained, was to be a "carload of pro
visions," which would cost about SloOO.
As Dr. Hart is well-to-do financially
the poorly paid employes are at a loss
to understand why the Board of Health
should compel them to contribute $3
each toward buying him provisions.
During the past few months the em
ployes of the Board of Health have
been repeatedly assessed for various
amounts ranging from 50 cents to $3.
As some of them receive little com
pensation for their work they bitterly
resent the proposition to assess them
for the purpose of buying "icecream
and other delicacies" for Dr. Hart.
"The longer we work the deeper in
debt we get," remarked one of the em
ployes of the board yesterday.
"This thing of forcing us to give up
a portion of our salaries each month
just to give another fellow a good time
Is getting to be a chestnut. Scarcely
a month passes that we don't receive a
note from the members of the board or
their accredited agents politely inform
ing us that a portion of our salaries are
needed for some purpose. Why the
board should want us to buy provisions
for Dr. Hart seems ridiculous. He has
a large bank account and should be
made to purchase his own provisions.
"Perhaps he intends to go to Dawson
City and endeavor to locate a claim in
which Fitzgibbon, Morse and William
son are to be given an interest. He
could easily reach Dawson with $1000
worth erf provisions, and then send for
his fellow-members of the board.
"I for one do not intend to give up
a nickel of my salary- If Dr. Hart
wants a thousand dollars' worth of pro
visions, he has sufficient money in the
bank to buy them. The next thing we
know they will ask us to mortgage our
lives for them."
Several members of the Grand Jury
are incensed over the "outrageous" de
mand of the board, and are seriously
contemplating making an investiga
tion.
"Why these men should be assessed
so frequently," remarked one of the
grand Jurors last night, "seems
strange, to say the least. Only a short
time it was said that the health em
ployes were assessed just to 'boom the
department,* as one of them expressed
"I, for one, am opposed to compelling
an employe of the Board of Health or
"MY KINGDOM FOR A HORSE."
"Jack" Haves Owns a. Fine Mare That He Would Not
Trade for One.
LOTTIE ONCE SAVED THE LIFE OF MRS. HAVES.
Sergeant "Jack" Hayes of Sausalito is the ownnr of a horse whose value
he places far above rubies. Lottie is a Hambletonian mare, a beautiful dark
bay, and, according to her owner, can do anything but talk. She will fetch
and carry like a spaniel, can waltz almost as well as a dancing master, and
on one occasion she saved the life of the sergeant's wife. No wonder, then,
that her master thinks a great deal of her, and no wonder, either, that she
is a special favorite with Mrs. Haves.
Sergeant Hayes lives on the hills back of Sausalitrr, and during the winter
months finds it a long walk from his home to the ferry and back again. Of
course, he could ride down, but then what would become of the mare while
he is in San Francisco? It would be too expensive to keep her in a stable,
and even if he got her home what would he do when it came to climbing
the hills again at night? After much cogitating Hayes finally resolved to
teach Lottie to go home after carrying him to the steamer and to return
for him each night. It did not take the intelligent animal long to learn her
lesson, and soon the jolly sergeant was the envy of everybody on the hill.
He would ride Lottie to the steamer in the morning, and then, tucking the
reins under the saddle, would tell her to go home. Away she would gallop
and never make a stop until she reached her stable, where Mrs. Hayes
would meet her and let her in to her morning meal.
In the evening about half an hour before her husband was expected
Mrs. Hayes would saddle the mare, and, leading her outside the gate, start
her for the ferry, and as often as she was sent Lottie never failed to be at
the boat in time to meet her master. Then while the other hill men would
be toiling wearily home. Hayes would be sitting down to his dinner.
But all good things come to an end some time, and since the last rains
Sergeant Hayes has to walk ud and down the hill like the rest of the people.
Lottie is no respecter of persons outside of her master and mistress, and
on her wild homeward scamper she made the mud fly in all directions; in
consequence the other people who live on the hill usually reached the ferry
boat spattered from head to foot with mud. while a blue streak could be
seen hovering over that part of the road they had just traversed. They
stood it for a while, but finally a strongly worded round robin was sent to
the sergeant, and he now comes and goes afoot like any other ordinary mor
tal.
But Lottie's crowning performance has yet to be told. Mrs. Hayes was
taken suddenly ill, and the sergeant was alone with her in the house. A doc
tor had to be got, and that at once, and, as Mrs. Hayes could not be left
alone, the sergeant was at his wits' end who to send. Finally he thought of
the mare. She was soon saddled and bridled, and a note explaining the sit
uation fastened to the stirrup strap. On it was in large capitals: "Please
o-pen and read." He then led the mare out to the road, and started her away
to the ferry. At first she refused to go- more than a few yards, but she finally
disappeared around the bend of the road, and the sergeant did not see her
again until she came back with a doctor on her back. The mare was caught
by a saloon man opposite the ferry landing, who- opened the note and read
it, and then did what Mr. Hayes asked him to. The sergeant's Wife is now
able to be about again, and as rie considers that he owes her life to the
mare it is no wonder that he values h er far above rubies.
any other department of the city gov
ernment to give up a portion of his sal
ary, whether it be for the purpose of
buying provisions for a retiring mem
ber or purchasing a gold crown for the
president of the board. I intend to call
the attention of the Grand Jury to this
rank injustice, and will do all in my
power to remedy the evil."
Occupies His Father's Pulpit.
The Rev. Clarence True Wilson has
ADVERTISEMENTS.
7^ METROPOLITAN M
Li DENTAL PARLORS JJ
; J£^P PAINLESS DENTAL OPERATIONS. 0% |
4^ri FIRST-CLASS WORK. i^*
y/^\J Teeth Filled, Teeth Crowned, Teeth Extracted l^^\
C T*M .. . WITHOUT PAIN .. . A^ J)
w\ O Electricity as employed by us prevents Q £^M
I >o pain— saves you time and.e xpense. Our LS g
i^^^ prices -are one-half those charged by BBHS
' other flrst-class dentists. mnu
j^O^ prices are one-half those charged by fIHHB
other first-class dentist?. V/^V
Gold Fillings from 75c
• <ikZYV* Cleaning Teeth from.: : 50c 'Vfrs^irN
' JN^Il X . Plates, warranted to fit,. from $4 00 vlTuBD^
lira UK/ No charge for extracting when plates f\fj p • *\y/U
\}\'?y/y* are. ordered. :•;.:, . ■ Am %
Wk.', /A It costs you nothing if we do not EX- ■ l^vim B ,X
B^M TRACT your teeth WITHOUT PAIN. . ■hH
Bridge Work, per tooth, from $3 50 '/-\H"
I/^V ' Wo deal honestly with our patients, and ■' / >■
'■W-, \ . : when we do your work you , will find it ; ■'. (■ .;'i\ %'}
YIJ: i : good. German, French and Swedish .x. x V T"*\j
(/J /V - spoken. ; Lady attendants. ■ , HA. D -«
■ C 3 r\ ' KLONDIKERS— You cannot succeed In ; I>O- -.
is B . . the frigid North if you are suffering from . \*\ _
#dieast'd and aching teeth. We will fill or f^dfflh
crown your teeth at short notice, saving _^Skm\
fl you time and money. vv-".-.*"" " ." ' ffS^SsBS
Hours— 9 to 6:30 and 7:30 to 10; Sundays Xr
§ METROPOLITAN DENTAL PARLORS, /\ \
f j : : ;. Opposite Phelan. Monument. 4 . .. V . \"\\
{/j[ rJ :' 927-MfIiRKET 7 i\ V? fi
*7fJ T. S. HIGGINS, D.D.S. Phone, Mint 1554. '. | V,; : |^
succeeded In supplying his work at Pasa
dena, and will, until the complete recov
ery of his father. Rev. J. A. B. Wilson,
occupy the pulpit of the Howard-street
Methodist Episcopal Church. Although
but 26 years of age, the gentleman stands
foremost among the young pulpiteers of
the country, having, since his fourteenth
year, been in active ministry. He will,
during his stay at the Howard church,
conduct a series of revival services, a
form of endeavor for which he is particu
larly suited.
910
PATHETIC
APPEAL OF
A MOTHER
Recognizes Her Son's
Picture in the
Rogues' Gallery.
Mrs. Hopkins Arrives
to Find Her 4< Darling
Boy " in Jail.
Under the Name of Frank
Howard He Is Convicted
of Petty Larceny.
PLEADS FOR HIS RELEASE.
Her Erring Offspring la Known to
the Police as a Clever
Thief.
With bowed head and a suspicious
moisture in her eyes, a rather aged
woman visited the o-ffice of the Chief of
Police last night, and accosting De
tective Bainbridge. asked him to assist
her in finding her son.
"I am afraid he has gone astray,"
she tearfully remarked. "If I could
only nnd him I believe that he would
do better."
The woman gave her name as Mrs. ;
Hopkins. She arrived here yesterday
from Portland. Ore., her object in com
ing to the city being to reclaim her ;
lung lost son.
"I was told that he had done some
thing wrong/ 1 she sadly remarked, "but
I know it is a mistake. Frank was al- [
"ways a good boy, and, although I have
not seen him in several years I don't
believe that he has willfully sinned."
From the description given of' her i
"darling boy," as Mrs. Hopkins ex- j
pressed it. Bainbridge at once remem
bered that he had seen him in the City !
Prison.
"I am afraid you will be disappoint
ed fif I tell you the truth." hesitatingly
remarked the detective. "Your son's j
picture adorns the rogues' gallery."
"It can't be true," weepingly declared
the anxious woman. "Frank is not a
thief, I will swear it."
Bairtbridsre rather reluctantly showed i
her a book, containing the pictures of j
rogues* among which was that of her i
son.
"See If you recognize him," he re
marked. "Perhaps, after all, lam mis
taken."
The woman took the book and eag
erly gpajined the pictures which it con
tained. As she nervously turned the
pages her eyes fell upon the picture of
a morphine fiend who, under the name
of Frank Howard, had been convicted
of petty larceny and sent to the House
of Correction for six months.
"My God! It is Frank:" moaned the
unfortunate woman as her tears fell
on the picture of her convict son.
"What has he done to have his photo
grriLph in the rogues' gallery?"
Bainbridge explained to her that her
"darling boy" was a confirmed mor
phine fiend and an all round crook.
"He -was caught stealing another man's
property." remarked the detective,
"and the Judge decided that the
County Jail was the best place for
him."
After recovering her composure Mrs.
Hopkins said she and her eldest son
■were about to leave for Arizona, where
6he owned a ranch.
"We wanted to take Prank with us."
Bhe pleaded. "Couldn't you tell me how
I could get him out of jail? I know
he will behave himself when he is with
me. Please give him another chance."
Touched by her pitiful appeal the de
tective promised to do all in his power
.to secure thej release of her wayward
■ eon. Mrs. Hopkins then left, after
threatening to go to Sacramento for
the purpose of asking Governor Budd
to Issue a pardon to her erring off
spring.
FIGEL'S LIFE
IN THE BALANCE
His Case Submitted to the Jury
by the Defense Without
Argument.
Monday the Jury Will Bo Charged as
to Mattsrs of Law by
Judge Cook.
The Figel case was submitted to the
Jury yesterday without argument for the
prosecution, and on Monday morning the
Jury will be charged by the court and
allowed to deliberate on the facts pre
sented in the case for the purpose of de
ciding whether or not Theodore Figel
murdered his employer, Isaac Hoffman,
on the evening of June 1:
When the case opened General Barnes j
notified the court and jury that the de
fense had arrived at the conclusion that
there was no necessity for presenting
any argument, as in his opinion it was !
plain in the eyes of the law that no crime ]
had been committed and that the defense |
had already shown to the satisfaction of
court and jury that the defendant. in the
case could not be charged with the crime
when no greater evidence than has been
Bubmltted could be brought forth.
At this point Judge Carroll Cook stated !
that he was not prepared to charge the !
jury at the present time, but that on Mon- !
day morning he would give his ideas on j
the subject of matters of law, and the '
jury would then be ready to act on the !
matters of fact. After admonishing the
Jury a recess was taken until Monday !
morning, when the jury will be sent out!
to arrive at a conclusion on the evidence !
given and declare the defendant, Theo
dore A. Figel, either guilty or innocent
of the charges which have bound him
over to the Superior Court from the Cor
oner's examination, as well as those
brought to the attention of the Police
Court at the preliminary examination.
The opinion has been hazarded that the
defendant may be acquitted, but there
are others who are of the opinion that the
Jury will disagree on the facts presented
to them, and that in consequence a new
trial will be had.
' . *! . : ■
Show Their Gratitude.
The managers of the Old Ladies' Home |
wish to express their sincere thanks to
the following artists who so kindly helped t
to render a success the recention held at j
Mrs. Sanford's residence, 2509 Pacific ave
nue, for the benefit of the home: Miss
Tena Roberts. Miss Olive Reed Cushman,
The Press Club Quartet, Miss Marie
Cunler. Rhys Thomas. Miss Sabln. Clar
ence Wendell. Professor Adelsten and
George Hooker. The board also wishes to
express their gratitude to The Call for
bo kindly bringing the entertainment be
fore the public.
ROBBED BY
TWO DARING
FOOTPADS
Daniel Crane, a Civil
War Veteran,
Held Up.
After Being Assaulted He
Is Relieved of His
Valuables.
His Brutal Assailants Even
Took His Discharge From
the Army.
THE POLICE NOTIFIED.
Ohief Lees Determined to Effect
the Capture of the Des
perate Men. r _
Daniel W. Crane, a veteran of the
Civil War, is the latest victim of foot
pads.
Shortly after 1 o'clock yesterday morn
ing Crane was walking along Kearny
street, and when near California he
was accosted by two men, one of whom
struck him on the head with some
blunt instrument, felling him to the
ground. They then searched his pock
ets, securing several dollars In silver,
a gold watch and some valuable pa
pers.
Last night Crane visited police head
quarters and reported the robbery to
Chief Lees.
"I was on my way home," he said,
when telling his story, "and had reach
ed California street, when two evil
looking strangers accosted me and in
a rather insolent manner asked me
where I was going. 1 replied I was
heading for home, and started to walk
away. Just then one of the robbers
drew some blunt Instrument which he
had concealed in the sleeve of his coat
and before I could get away he struck
me on the head with it. The blow
dazed me, and as I fell to the ground
his companion placed his hand over my
mouth, evidently for the purpose of
preventing me from making an outcry.
They then searched my pockets, tak
ing my money and watch.
"Not satisfied with stealing all the ,
valuables I possessed, the scoundrels
took some papers, which I prized very
highly. One was my discharge from
the army after peace had been pro
claimed. The others were documents
which are of no value except to me.
"Although partly dazed, I begged the
robbers to return my discharge from
the (irmy, but they only laughed at
me. Becoming desperate, I attempted
to seize the documents, which they
were examining, when one of the men
struck me again, knocking me down.
They then ran along California street
and immediately disappeared."
Crane describes the man who first
knocked him down as being about 45
years of age, poorly dressed and hav
ing a reddish mustache. He wore an
old slouch hat, which was pulled down
over his eyes. His companion was also
shabbily dressed, and had several
weeks' growth of beard on his face.
Like his confederate, he also wore a
slouch hat, which partly- concealed his
features.
Crane is positive he can identify the
men If they are arrested.
Asthma, bronchitis, catarrh, cure gruarntd. Dr.
Gordln'BSanitarlum,sl4Pine,nr.Kearny,S.F.,Cal.
JOLLY WANTED
AIR, AND GOT IT
The Huge Elephant for the
Chutes Kicks Out the Side
of a Car.
The Stifling Heat of New Mexico
Proves Beyond Endur
ance.
Jolly, the mammoth elephant who ar
rived in this city from Chicago Friday
afternoon for the menagerie shortly to
be inaugurated at the Chutes has a story
which, if he could but tell it, would
wring compassion from the most hard
hearted and obdurate of mortals. Al
though his experience, which he under
went on his way out here, has something
of a humorous nature about it, still there
was enoueh anguish In It to make It
serious.
When the train carrying Jolly, and the
various other animals that go to make
up a zoo, left the depot at Chicago every
thing was peace and contentment among
the happy family, but when they neared
the vicinity of Albuquerque, New Mexico,
their troubles began, owing to the change
of climate from that of temperate to
1 eemi-troplcal heat.
Although there was a cub tigress In the
cage with Jolly, its presence, and the ap
parent comfort which it enjoyed, did lit
; tie toward putting the elephant in good
i spirits as he was suffering intensely from
the stifling heat and close atmosphere of
his prison.
He tried and tried to bear up and prove
the appropriateness of his name by ap
pearing good-natured, but it was no use
i trying, he had to have air.
Just previous to this determination he
' had In his rage destroyed a sealskin coat
i belonging to Watt Johnson, the super
' lntendent, which he mistook as the au
! thor of his misery and distress. This did
little to alleviate the uncomfortable sur
! roundings, and he at last made a supreme
] effort to secure relief.
He braced his enormous body length
wise in the car, with his back to one
partition and his feet to the other. This
feat accomplished he straightened his
limbs out, and with a crash and a bang
the entire opposite partition was driven
into space, and disappearing with it went
the young tigress, cage and all. which
was afterward picked up in a dilapidated
condition by a section hand, who tele
graphed the rescue to F. C. Bostock, the
owner.
After he had accomplished his purpose,
! Jolly extended his legt? over the debris of
i what remained of the upright structure of
I the car and peacefully composing himself
■ for a long desired rest which the severity
! of the Turkish bath prevented, entered
j the Fourth and Townsend depot with half
I his body on the car and the other half
} extending over both sides.
While the elephant was bemoaning his
own fate the man-eating baboon took oc
casion to increase the misery of his neigh
bor, the carnivorous lion, by attempting
to gouge out one of his eyes.
Jolly will be seen on dress parade this
afternoon on Market street on his way
to the Chutes.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mlmloii.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 6, 1896.
NEW TABLECLOTH FAD.
Mrs. Henra Clay Barnabee Has "a
"HoW Which She Highly
Prizes.
Theatrical people are noted for their fads, but there Is nueh a com
petition among them for the most original that it Is hard to keep track
of the many new ones that are constantly springing up.
Mrs. Henry Clay Barnabee, the wife of the popular comedian and
manager of the Bostoniana, perhaps can lay claim to having one of
the most valuable and unique. She may arrogate these two attributes
for her fad owing to the fact that it takes time and Influence to foster it.
Her "hubby" is attaining autographs — not plain everyday auto
graphs on a piece of paper, but autographs on a table cloth.
Mrs. Barnabee started her fad many years ago, and every guest she
has entertained since that time who was of any note has inscribed
his name on that table cloth, and each time Mrs. Barnabee has etched
that name in silk.
Mrs. Barnabee's table cloth has come to look something like a
crazy quilt, and it seems as though another place could not be found
for a celebrity to affix his name, but Mrs. Barnabee declares that it has
looked that way for months, and says that it somewhat resembles the
crowded street car in the fact that there Is always room for one more.
Mrs. Barnabee has shown herself an expert needlewoman by etch
ing these signatures, for it would require a professional embroiderer to
follow the many lines — some being all points and others having to be
turned upside down before one can read them.
Among the most prominent names are those of Calve. Patti. Mel
ba, Emma Eames-Story. Salvini, William Cullen Bryant, Peary, the ex
plorer; Modjeska, Hackett, Ysaye, Paderewski, Marie Wainwright, Jef
ferson, McKinley, Cleveland, Harrison, Drew, Maude Adams. Mary Man
nering, and in the middle of the piece of linen is a name that the lady says
she is the most proud of. It stands boldly out, and when it is deci
phered, you recognize the name of Henry Clay Barnabee.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS.
Thomas R. Denny of Petaluma Is at the
Lick.
Charles Hayden of Boston la at the
Palace.
Dr. George H. Strowbridge of Portland
Is registered at the Lick.
Dr. A. J. Comstock is registered at the
Occidental from Ventura.
C. A. Baker, a prominent business man
of San Jose, is at the Lick. ,
B. F. Beckwith. a mining man of Den
ver, is staying at the California.
Thomas F. Ryan of New York is at the
Palace with his wife and family.
Dr. J. L. Bond, a well-known physician
of Uklah, is staying at fhe Grand.
A. T. Bagley. a mine owner of Tuol
umne County, is at the Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. H. D. Stevenson have
come up from Menlo and are at the Pal
ace.
E. F. McCullough of Crow's Landing
has come down to the city and is at the
Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. W. Jt. Loutit of Grand
Haven, Mich., are guests at the Occi
dental.
K. NRrita and K. Aokie, two Japanese
[ engineers who have been in Washington
' for some time past and are now on their
. way back to their native country, are at
the Occidental.
S. Packley, a fruit grower of Pomona,
Is registered at the Palace with his wife.
H. Holloway and wife of Deer Lodge,
Mont., are at the Occidental.
State Senator tugene Aram of Sacra
mento is at i«.e Grand.
A well-known
resident of this
city w r ho has
money to burn,
but wtio, like the
little child of the
story, dreads the
fire, was coming
A
COSTLY BIT
OF ECONOMY.
up from San Luis Obispo the other day on
a business trip of imperative importance
that necessitated his being In San Fran
1 Cisco at a certain hour without fail. At
'■ Castroville, where the train stops for
! lunch, he got off to get something to eat
and was about to enter the regular rail
way lunch room, where the meals are
; four bits, when a sign on the door of a
1 restaurant a couple of blocks off, adver
, Using meals at the cut rate of 25 cents,
■■ caught his eye. Thinking to save a quar
! ter he journeyed up the street to the
! place and going in sat down to a table.
The meal was fairly good and he did it
; full justice. When he had finished he took
■ a toothpick and started back to the sta
j tion with a full stomach and a gratified
! sense of having done the right thing and
i saved a penny, where he arrived just in
time to see the last of his train disappear
. ing around a distant curve.
He stamped and swore with rage and
disappointment, but it did no good, and,
as he absolutely had to be in this city on
time, there was nothing left for him to do
but to hire a special engine for $50 and
come up on it. He says he will carry a
lunch basket with him on his travels in
the future.
Mason W. Mather, manager of tne
Plumbago mines, is a guest at the Occi
dental.
W. H. Lawton of 'irenton, N. J., is one
of last night's arrivals at the Palace.
_™.^^^^_ ADVERTISEMENTS. i 9
00000000000000000 000000 03 OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOC
0 O— O—O— o— o— O—O— o— o— O—O— O—O— O—O— O—O — O—O— O—O— o— o— o-o— o— O—O— O—O— O—O— O—O— O—O— O—O— Oft
I AN OLD MAN'S JOY. ii
01 ■ .. 'O
g? Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt Adds Fifteen Tears to His Life—No ?©
of jO& Need of Doctors Now. }°
Wo arv^' 1 /^ v Oo
©9 4H||^j^ T HE KNOWLEDGE that he is growing old is usually forced 1°
0 I MB' -T VJ_k ona man by the frequency of pains, by evidence of failing oo
01 <^^Kw vitality. One organ and then another seems to lose its power ; o<>
q\ mK^P*'*^* I**1 ** and this old age is only the advance messenger of decay. It oo
01 M WJ^LjtJ tells you that your time is' approaching and you must go. Bat i©
j? c jH don't listen to it. Fight it off. Nature . is not ready to give up o2
O^ ffl ■ yet. She only needs a little help. The pains and aches are oo
Ol W __-W ■ your old enemies — the enemies of your youth — trying to rob oO
00 If V-B you of life. Destroy them as this old man did. o°
o? m^lyP HE FEELS STRONG AND HEALTHY AT 70 YEARS. °o
5 I ' -r>.*?<l A TT^ „ ■ ■■-'' '•'■-■'- 710 O'Farrell street. • San Francisco, February 2, 1898. . ,\O
© o DR. SANDER— Dear Sir: I was generally broken down, had pains in my back and weak kidneys, when I got ?Q
q., your Belt. I thought old age and hard work were getting away with me. 'But I began to feel better the first time I X
_ ■'■ put the Belt on. It helped my kidneys right away and gave me strength every day until it had me good and -itrons J*O
«*Y in two months. That was two years ago, and I never felt better than I have since then. 1 tell you I'd rather have a VOV O
OA Sanden Belt near me than a dozen doctors. It has added fifteen years to my life. lam now 70, and I expect to bury JL-T
O Y lots of younger men yet. Yours truly, JAMES DAGGETT. ? O
g? : MAKES OLD MEN YOUNG AND YOUNG MEN VIGOROUS. # A©
0 r Don't let what you have done in the past tear down your strength. Build yourself ! ©
O? up now. This grand Electric Belt pours life into the old veins and warms them up. -?°
0° The current is felt all the time, can be regulated, and the belt is warranted for one year. ?2
°° Book, "Three Classes of Men," free, with full information. Call and test the Belt if °o
O? possible. Call or address " °o
oo aA. ~NTT"}"P"n "PIT ,"W\t "'I 1 I F?^r(T' > ! (^irS « 632 market street, ?o
01 fc--J.iMk.J-N J-'-CJ-LN r* I I IP IV^/ X JTV—LV^/ >— / >— • Palace Hotel; San Francisco lol o
O o A Office hours-8 a. m. to Bp. m.; Sundays, 10 to ' 1. Branches at Los Angeles, -' Cal., 204^ ; South Broadway - : Portland ? %
"I Or., 253 Washington St.; -Denver, Colo., 931 Sixteenth St.: Dallas, Tex.. 285 Main st. -..' 10
O| •; ■-.; NOTE— Make no mistake in the number— « 32 Market st. . - > " 9q*
Oo— o—o— o—o— o—o— o—o— o—o— o— o-o— o-o— o—o— o—o— o—o— o—o— o—o— o—o— o—o— o— o— o— o— o— o—o— oo
O 0000 O OO O 0000000 O O 00 O 00000 000 OO 0000 0000 00
The Sigma Nu Fraternity of the Pacific
Coast held its annual banquet in the con
servatory of the Palace la.st evening. Over
sixty guests were present, representing
the different colleges and branches of the
fraternity on the coast. A delightful menu
was served, ani when the coffee and
cigars made their appearance different
speakers who talked on the various top
ics of interest to the fraternal quests took
the floor, and were listened to until a late
hour, when the assemblage parted, to
meet again next year.
W. J. Neary of Santa Cruz is staying at
the California.
Mr. and Mrs. S. H. Shirwill are regis
tered at the Occidental from Cleveland.
G. W. F. Johnson, a Klondike miner, is
registered at the Palace from Dawson.
Jessie Bartlett
Davis had a pres
ent made her a
few days ago that
has pleased her
more than any
c
REMARKABLE C
RESULTS C
ARE EXPECTED. c
c
thing she has re
ceived for mtiny
a long day. It was a little fawn and the
donor was Joseph D. Tobin, who man
aged to capture the pretty little creature
while on a hunting trip in the wilds of
Yreka. The little fellow, who is as tame
as a puppy, is so young that it has hardly
learned the use of its legs, yet the even
ing that Mrs. Davl* received it she
brought it on the stage of the Baldwin
with her during one of the scenes of "The
Serenade," a-nd it wobbled around after
her like a well-trained dog. making he
roic if ludicrous efforts to keep its
balance and stay near its mistress
at the same time. Mrs. Davis only
kept It with her a short time,
when she shipped it to her country place
at Crown Point, 111., about thirty miles
outside of Chicago, where it will be
placed in a large imlosure of several
acres that has been partitioned off for its
particular accommodation and where it
will await the coming of the mate that
Mr. Tobin has promised Mrs. Davis
he will attempt to procure for it.
Mrs. Davis is delighted with her pet and
it is her intention, as soon as she procures
a female, to establish it on her place and
employ her spare time in raising deer for
amusement. When she has succeeded in
acquiring h large herd she will indulge in
a few experiments of crossing the differ-
ent breeds. Should they prove suc
cessful she will then see what can be done
by mating the results with all the differ
ent species of herbivorous animals for
market purposes. The consequences are
expected to be so startling that when the
resident of Chicago sits down to break
fast an<? orders a mutton chop he will not
be quite sure when he has finished wheth
er he has eaten a piece of wild elk or a
bit of ordinary can-consuming domestic
goat.
Was Not a Murderer.
As was anticipated. Judge Conlan yes
terday dismissed the charge of murder
against Adam Stroh in connection with
the death of Baldwin Gardiner, the stock
broker. Stroh was being chased by sever
al officers for a burglary on Geary street
on Christmas night and took refuge in
Gardiner's house. Gardiner hearing the
noise came out into the hallway and was
struck by a bullet. The police claimed
that Stroh fired the shot, but a revolver
was not found upon him and a thorough
search failed to find one. It is supposed
that Patrol Wagon Driver Murphy, who
fired a shot at Stroh, sped the fatal bul
let.
HOW OVEREND
WAS SWINDLED
A Wealthy Capitalist Tells
His Tale of Woe in
Court.
Made the Dupe of a Heartless
Woman and Her Male
Accomplice.
The Woman's Father Cornea From
Los Angeles to Testify Against
. Her.
The preliminary examination of Min
nie Campbell and William Lewis,
charged with swindling Alfred Overend,
a capitalist, out of $2200, was com
menced before Judge Conlan yesterday.
Minnie and Lewis, who represented
himself as her brother, after swindling
Overend out of nearly $10,000, fled the
city, and were a few days later arrest
ed in Los Angeles and brought back
here by Policeman Brophy.
Overend told on the witness stand
how he had met the woman, who used
to occupy a room on Qulncy place. He
felt pity for her, and as she was sick
he sent her to a hospital and paid all
her doctor bills, which amounted to a
considerable sum. After she recovered
he took care of her, and last September,
on the pretext that hsr father had b>en
arrested in Los Angeles for murder, he
gave Lewis, who was Introduced to him
as her brother, $2200 to employ a law
yer to defend her father. Since then
he has given her other sums on various
pretexts. Finally he became suspicious
and consulted the Chief of Police, who
telegraphed to Los Angeies, and re
ceived a reply that then; was no truth
In the story that Minnie's father had
been arrested for murder. He then de
cided to prosecute her for swindling
him in such an outrageous manner aft
er he had literally picked her out of the
gutter and had spent so much money
Ur help her and her family.
O. P. Burke of Los .Angeles. Minnie's
father, testified that he never was ar
rested for murder, and that he had no
knowledge of his daughter's actions in
the matter. He was corroborated by
Chief Glass of Los Angeles, who came
purposely to the city to give evidence
in the case.
It was shown that Lewis is an ex
boo-kmaker and a confirmed "dope
fiend." An employe of Wells-Fargo &
Co. testified that Lewis called at the
office of the company on September 7
last with $2200, and sent it to Los An
geles. Lewis gave the name of Burke,
and sent the money to the same name.
It was also testified that Lewis, under
the name of Burke, got the money from
the Lg-s Angeles office, and the police
have evidence of the fact that he went
to San Diego and "blew" it all in In a
very short time, and then came back
to the city to get Minnie to work Over
end for more funds to keep him going:.
The case was continued till next
Wednesday, when it is expected the
Judge will hold the defendants to an
swer before the Superior Court. Pros
ecuting Attorney Mogan conducted the
prosecution, and his namesake, Attor
ney P. J. Mogan, appeared for the de
fendant. _____^_________ *
UNEMPLOYED WILL PLAY.
A Theatrical Performance Will Be
Given at the Bush-Street
Theater.
A play entitled "The Twelve Tempta
tions" will be produced at the Bush-
Street Theater March 2S under the aus
pices of the executive board of the unem
ployed and for the purpose of procuring
funds for the institution of a free employ
ment office. The play, or properly speak
ing, the tragic drama, as it is called,
treats In a heroic manner of a lockout,
and the circumstances naturally arising
out of contingencies that associate them
selves with all such controversies.
Mayor Phelan has headed the list of
donators with a liberal sum toward the
success of the play, together with a num
ber of prominent business men who hare
also given financial aid.
» ♦ »
A Sovereign Remedy .
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure. 1 dose will stop
cough; never fails; 25c; all druggists. •
. ♦ .
A Sacred Cantata.
A special musical programme has been
prepared for the regular monthly festival
service at Grace Episcopal Church to
night. The "Holy City," a sacred can
tata by Alfred Gaul, will be rendered.
Messrs. Rhys Thomas and Homer Hen
ley will be the soloists. The quartet com
prises Messrs. "Wendell, Messmer, Ward
and Mora, and the choruses will be sung
by the fuil choir.
ADVEBTISBMENTS. - , '- _
8 II loi tJ rl n■«wf b sJ
' Medical Council and Laboratory Department
Qfau* <&e^d, March 2, 1898.
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call.
My dear Sir:- s
In reply to your late advice, am pleased
to state that I have discovered a reliable
and absolute cure for the dreaded consump-
tion; also for throat, bronchial and lung
troubles, coughs and catarrh, scrofula, rheu-
matism, general decline or weakness, loss of
flesh and all wasting-away conditions..
By its timely use thousands of appar-
ently hopeless cases have been permanently.*
cured. - . ;v
I know that there are many of your I
readers who would be benefited or cured, if
they would allow me to advise them in the use
of my new discoveries. , .
So proof -positive am I of their power
to cure, based upon actual experience, and
to better demonstrate their wonderful merits,
I will send Three Free Bottles (the Slocum
New System of Medicine) to any of your
readers who will write me at my Laboratory,
98 Pine Street, New York, giving name and
full address
. Always sincerely yours,
Editor's Note:— The above is published for our readers' benefit. Every
sufferer should take advantage of the liberal offer, and we ask when writing
Dr. Slocum, to kindly mention the San Francisco Call. Editor.
T> 1 1 m ii<iiwui>Wl'miii 1 1 1 wTfTKlilTMiTil l ! fTBtTHTgIiITCiTITiP'T"*i "*' ■*.'"." '. .
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
TIII.KN l"»t II 14 COMPAmr.
(PACiriC ammo
TrnU* lrar« itiirf «r«« «lnr to nrrl»» ■•
HAS nUNCINt'O.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street. ) *
tEAVE — FnOM JAXUART 1. 1398. — ARBTTI
•«z(>«a Niles, San Jose and Way Stations... *8:43 a
I 7iOOi. Bonicla, Buisun and Sacramento . . . 10:43 a
?i«Va Maryßville, Orovilleaud Beddiug Tia
Woodland 5:45*
7:OOa Vacavllle nnd Rutrsey 8:45p
?:3oa Martinez, Sau Hamon.ValleJo. Kapa,
CalUtoga and Santa Rosa 0:1. " ip
BiOOa Atlantic Express, Ogilen and Kast.. SilSp
N.<:lMa Kilfg, Han .lose. Stockton. lone,
■-': Sacramento, MuryKTillf, Chico,
Tehamaandßi-l l!ln(T ........ 4:|.lr
••>3oa Peters, Milton and Oakdale. "7155?
•:OOa New Orleans lCiprt-Ba, Merced, Kay-
mond, Fresno, ISakerslield. Santa
JJirliara, I. on Augulett, Deming,
101 I'aao, New Orleans and Kast. oi43p
9:00 a ValK-Jo. Martinez, Merced : and
Fre5n0....... ......:... 18:1
•ItOOp Sacramento Hirer Steamers.... *J»:OOp
l:OOr Kilfs. San Jcse and Way Stations., :9:13a
1 «3Or MartlLez and Way Stations 7:-Jsp
2:«0p LiTermorc, Mendota, Uanford and
Vi5a1ia........... 4ilBv
Lirerraorc, San Joss, Nilec and Way
Stations tlCilßi
4:tOl> Martinet, San Ramon, Vallojo,
Napa, Calißtoga, Hi VenMio and
.Suntaltosa »iI«U
«!••»• Benicia, Vacavtlle, Woodland.
Knights Landing, MsrysTllle, Oro-
' Tille and Hiicriiineiito 1«:48a
j»Op Niles, San Joso, Tracy and Stockton .. 7tlsp
4t3Or Latbrop, Modesto, Merced, Berenda,
Fresno, Mojave (for Randsburg),
' - Santa TJarliara and l.i.s Angeles.. 7i43a
4:»Op Santa Fo Keiite. A Mantle Kxpress
for Mojavii nn>l Knst 6j43»
Limited." Los Angelen, El
' Paso, Fort Worth, Little Keck. St.
Louis, Chicago and East .......... J1O:15a j
ftrviaup " Sunset Limited Annex," El Paso, •
New Orleans and Ea5t ............ §I0:13a
6>OOr Kuropean Mail, Ugdnn,and ICast.... 8:45 a
0:OOi> HiiyiTunlH, Nilcsaud Han .105e...... 7:43 a
l«:UOr Vallejo tr:4sp
8:fl0p Oregon Miiucm, SuL-niineoto, Marys-
Tllle. ItiMl.li.it;, rortiun.l. l'uget
Hmiml and Hint 8:13 a
' SAN IiKANDUO AMI lIAVWAItDS LOCAL.
(Foot ot Market Street.) ' V ; ]
"FoTOOaV ( T:l3a
. SiOOa MM rose, Seminary Park, '■' '*2 : 15 A
iS.oSa Fltehbnrj, Klmhurst, \iM* \
tlltOOA San Leamlro, Soiilli San 12:|»P
•}££?. LeMaro ,ftt.dill», (JjJS*
is:6op Lorenio, Cherry 4 «4:45p
4:00? . (->:«.-)!' \
BtOOp * n « I 6:13P
f O«ao* Hay ward*. 7z43i>
7:»0p P . ' 8:45P
Btoop I Run, through to Nils*. f -® ! 25 P
•iOOp t From Nlles 10:50p I
ttll:l6py . ■ ' V ttiaiOOr
COAST ItlVlslON (Narroir (<aii|re).
__^ (Foot of Market Street.) j
■::S3a Newark. (•(■iit«rvill.',S:.n.loBe,Feltol).
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
5tati0n5...'.. ....:................. »!••» |
•Silßr Newark, ('ciitemllr, San Jose, New
Alinailen, Felton, UouUlor Creek. '""
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
5tati0n5................ •!•«■•*
4tll»r Newark. Hun .lose and Los Gatos ... 9>Boa
tllt4Br Hunters'. Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations .■...•.;....■......... t7t»of
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
frtsi SID PRIXCISCO— Foot .f N»rl(«t Strut (Slip 8)—
•7:18 9:00 11:00 A.M. 11:03 «2:00 t3:0O
•«*0 t5:00 •1:00 p.m. ,
01IU19— FmI of Broad wit —-6:00 8:00 10-00 A.M.
■„ na;QO '1-00 t»=00 *3:flO ti:QO -5:03 r.n.
"~ COAST 111 VISION (Broad Oange). .
(Third and Townsend Sta.) _^_
•tB3A Sau Jose and Way Stations (New
. - Almaden Wednesdays 0n1y).. ..... : CiSSa
••••a Han i Jose, Tres Pluos, Santa Crux, '
Pacilic Grove l'aso ltobles, .San
■;■;-■ . Luts ol.isi.o. Qnadalupe, Surf and '
Principal Way Stations .......... 4ilsr
1O:4«a San Jose and Way Stations . *S:Owa
lIiSOa San Jose and Way Stations ....... • 8:35 a
■*t Sop San M»teo, lied wood, Menlo Park, '
Santa Clara, ; San • Jose, Gil my.
Holllster. Santa . Crux, . Salinas, -
. : Monterey ami Pacific Gr0ve...... *I0:40a |
•8:1 3 r San Jose and Principal Way Stations *»:VOa i
I •4»ldr San Jose and Principal Way Stations 9: 13 »
•tt:OOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations liSUp
6:30 [> San Jose ami Principal Way Stations ■ 5:30r
' 6:.10r San Jose and Way 5tati0n5......... 7:JJOp
<11:43r San Jose and Way Stations ....... 7igQp
- A for Mornine. * -,--,. i. P for Afternoon. - :
•Bundays expected. « J Sundays only. «; + Saturdays on If.
- - ■: ft Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights sail. -
5 Mondays and Thursdays.'
'• I Wednesdays and Saturdays. :
THE SAN FRANCISCO d SAN JOAOUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September I*. 1897. trains win run -,
follows : '_ _ _ ' J ""
T Southbound. • ~|7~ . ; Korth bound. ~*
em'a |er n ' SnndU Stattona Mixed "Pa^i"
»v"fi Exc-p'tdj— -— Sunday > eer :t: t
P»*ly- Exc-p'td — — Excpul DTaij
fi : ?0 MS* 12 : «m« m - Stockton 8:45 p.m. 5:40 p.m.
in IS ■" ll ™ PiO - Merced - 12:60 p.m. 8:83 am.>
30:40 a.m. 8:30 p.m. Fresno • J:3oa.m. ■ 2:20 vim
li:lsp.m. 6:45 D.m. Visalla :; 6:40 a.m.U2:40 p.m
otopplnsr at lnt«rijjediato po lnta wnen required
Connection*— At Stockton with steamboats or !
&J£; £ h ?°" leavi ; San -, Francisco and
Stockton lat .«; p. • m. ; daily: s at , Merced with
■tagea to and from Snellinga. Coultervllle. etc.:
also • with stare i for Hornltos, -- Marlposa. eta ; •
at X«nkenblm with itagt to and from Madera.
RATTiBOAD TBAVEL.
SiN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
- Tiburon >crry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FKANCISCO TO SAJV RAFAEU
WEEK DATS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a. m. : 12:33.
8:30, 6:10, - 6:30 p. m. -Thursday*— Extra trip
•at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at l.a*
and 11:30 p. m.
, SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:10. (:Ml
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO. 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.:
12:45, 3:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips
at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
1 SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40, 1:40.
6:00. 6:25 p. m.
Between ■ San Francisco and Schuetzan Park
same schedule as above. '
Leave "Tnofroo* Arrive
San Frauclsco. ' octM." San Franclaoa
Week I Sun- rjAQt^tinn Sun- I Wee*
Days. I daya. i Destination y^ 1 daya^
'; 7:30 a.m. :00a.m. 1 Novato, 10:*0 a.m. 8:4O.-».m.
i 3 :30 p.m. y:3oa.m.| Petaluma, 6:10 p.m. 10:25 a.m.
' 6:10p.m. !5:U)p.m. Santa Rosa. 7:35 p.m.; B:Kp.nx
_____ ___
Fulton.
7 -oa.m. Windsor, 10:25 a.m.
Healdaburg, ;
_<vtton.
Geyserville,
8:30 p.m. 8:00 a.m. Cloverdale. 7:35 p.m. 8:22 p.m.
.' :-, j IHopland and I : ~
7:Sna.m.|B-Ooa.m.| Ukiah. I 7:85 p.m. 6:2»p.m.
T:aJarn. j 1 10:25 a.m.
."*•: [3:00 a.m. I Guernevllle. 7:35 p.m.
8:30 p.m. I : . ' 6:32 p.m.
vTi«a.m. 8 :00 a.m. I Sonoma 10 :40 a.m. 8:40 a.m.
and
6:10 p.m. 5:00 p.m. ! Glen Ellen. 6:10 p.m. 6:21 p.m.
| 7TsoaTm. 18. 00 a.m.] Sebaatc _ oL ~10 : 40a. m . ! 10 : 25 a.m.. m.
8:30 p.m. |5:0 Up.m.l Seto-topo. [ 7:85 p.m. 7:22 p.m.
- Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Weac
Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers ; at Hopland for
Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bar.
Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah tor
Vichy Springs, I Saratoga Springs, ■ Blue Lakes, -•
I Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
I Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Buck-
Bell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle, Boonvtlie.
j Orr's • Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort
Bragg, Westport, Usal. '- --..-
Saturday to Monday round-trip ticket* at re-
j duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
{ beyond Ban - Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices— 6so Market street. Chronic]*
I building.
A. W. FOSTER. H. X. RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Aft.
1111 l Wliwm ipiT CALIFORNIA
TOtIMm LIMITED.
E_liß_R9_Tl^H SAN FRANCISCO
|lwiii>VA^viam CHICAGOi
Leaves San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS, THURSDAYS AND
SATURDAYS.
Carries first-class "passengers only, but with-
out extra charge.
DINING CAR, V
- BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Drawing-Room Sleepers, i
8% days to Chicago. 4M> days to New York.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
Leaves dally at 4:30 p. m.. carrying Pullman
Palace and Pullman Tourist ' Sleeping Cars oa
I fast time. Direct connection in Chicago and •
! Kansas City for all Eastern points. • - . . .
- Trains arrive and depart from Market-
I Ferry. San Francisco ticket office, 644 Market
: street,' Chronicle building, Telephone Main
1620. : Oakland office. 11 IS Broadway. - Sacra*
mento ■ office, 201 J street. San Jose, 7 West •
Santa Clara street. " " -. v
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
From San . Francisco. Commencing September
19, 1807. ■', - r -. . -,
WEEK DAYS. : ■■..:■
For Mill Valley and San Kaf ael— *9JO.
11:30 a. m.; ; '1:45. 3:45, ♦5:15. 6:00,, 6:30 p. m.
, Extra  trips • for San .: Rafael ■ on ' Mondays, '
Wednesdays and : Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS. . *\
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— *B:oo. •10:00,
•11:30 a. m. ; '1:15, 3:00, *4:30, 6:15 p.m.
■Trains marked • run to San Quentin. •
-. . ■::■: THROUGH TRAINS. ,
7:26 a. m. week days for Cazadero and way sta-
tions; 1:45 p. m. Saturdays; (mixed" train) for
Duncan Mills and way stations: 8:00 a. m.
Sundays for Point Reyes and way stations.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
; . / (Via' Sausalito Ferry). ;*':; ..-^ %;, ;
" Leave : San "Francisco, .■ commencing Novem-
ber 13. IS9T:
Week. Days— 9:3o a. m.. 1:45 p. m.
Sundays — - 7 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:15 p. m. .
Round trip from -Mill Valley, :tfl.^ •*-_..:« *-: = 1
i THOS. ; COOK :& ; SON, Agents. -• «21 . Uarkat
1 , street, ; San , Franctoco.->-.-^gSK«SiTHE FAIR A THING OF THE PAST.
It Closed Amidst a Blaze of Glory and Before an Immense
. Audience,
SOME OF THE FINAL SCENES THAT WERE WITNESSED IN THE PAVILION
The Golden Jubilee Mining Fair of
s a thing of the past. The lights
]i,ire it, tta sustain rung;
• I'wrt. and actors and audience alike
have passed from the scene as phan
toms of some half-forgotten dream
vanish when the dreamer awakens.
But the memory of what has been, the
knowledge of the glory that was theirs,
mains, and the fair leaves in the trail
* C commercial history the imprint of
that success which is ever the exponent
ut public spirited energy.
Superintendent John 11. Gilmore no
longer ably wields the executive reins
of management, Joseph M. Cumming
will continue his smile and urbanity in
other realms, while J. P. Healy will
very shortly a contract with Har
num and Bailey to furnish those circus
magnates with world-startling attrac
tions. Louis W. Bailey takes with him
the gratitude of the press and many
others for his consistent courtesy and
tinual willingness to oblige, and Ed
ward 11. Benjamin will endeavor to
strike it rich in some other claim.
And last — but by no means least — the
■memory of Secretary Filcher and his
private room remain as a memory to
the sense of taste and smell, a place
wherein more sorrows Avere drowned
and healths pledged than anywhere
known.
parting cake walk, combined
with a minstrel show by local colored
talent, was the chief feature of the
afternoon, along* with Lawrence, the
trick bicycle rider,
was called.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. L RTirS OPINION
OF THE NEW DISCOVERY IN MEDI-
CINE.
A Remarkably Successful Remedy for
Dyspepsia, Indigestion and Stomach
Troubles. ';
Dr. Wurth, In commenting on. recent
" discooertes In medicine, said: There
 is none which is certain to be so valua-
ble and far reaching in benefit as
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, the new
stomach remedy; I say far reaching,
because people little realize how im-
portant a sound stomach and vigorous
digestion is to every man, woman and
child.
Indigestion is the starting point of
consumption, heart disease, Blight's
disease, diabetes, nervous prostration,
. "liver troubles; why is this so? Simply
because every nerve, muscle j and tis-
sue In our bodies is created and nour-
ished from the food we eat. If that
 food is, by reason of a weak stomach,
' compelled to- lie for hours, a sour,
'•fermenting mass of half-digested food,
It poisons the blood and nervous sys-
tem, creates gas which distends the
stomach and bowels, causing pressure
on the heart, lungs and other organs
and seriously Impeding their action.
.. lie says further, the point to direct
attention Is not the nerves, :ior the
. heart, nor lungs nor kidneys, but the
stomach, the first cause of all the mis-..
. chief."
"The remedy to use for indigestion
'. and weak stomachs is not some cathar-
tic, but a remedy which will digest the
. food, increase the flow of. gastric juice,
'absorb the gases, and Stuart's Dyspep-
t-i.i. Tablets will accomplish exactly this
result in any case of stomach trouble,
because these tablet.'? are composed of
the digestive acids, aseptic pepsin, Gol-
den Seal and Bismuth, ■•■pleasant to
taste, and not being a patent medicine,
can be used by .■ ny one .with' perfect
safety. I believe Stuart's. Dyspepsia
Tablets will cure any form of indiges-
tion and stomach trouble, except can-
cer of stomach.
Full size packages of ' Stuart's Dy-
spepsifl Tablets are sold by drui^ls's
at 50 cents. : A book on Btomacn dis-
eases together with thousands of tes-
timonials will be sent by addressing
Stuart Company, Marshall,' Mich. '■ :■'
The announcement that Tom Ryan,
the welter-weight champion, was to go
four rounds. with Htnry Raker- u£.,i'hi-.
cagp" had tile effect. of drawing' arbout
20,000 people to the fair at night.. .When :
the doors were opened at 8--' o'clock
there was an immense crowd eager .-.to r
obtain admittance. They continued to
pour into the Pavilion for an hour and
a half, .until 10 o'clock, the hour set for
the bout, when there was not an inch
of standing-room left. . ••••" ~; ■ ' !
When the men came upon the stand :
and went to their corners they were
greeted with prolonged applause.
Referee Willie dan introduced the'
men. . Ryan looked to be in the pink of
condition and showed no bad . effects
from the recent battle with -Green — in
fact, he declared that he had never felt
in better shape. '. , ,■ : .
At 10 o'clock the men shook hands
and the bout commenced. ' Ryan began
to play for an opening. Baker feinted
with his right and followed it up with
a straight left lead for Ryan's head,
but Tom was not there. Baker shot ■
his right for Ryan's wind, but it was ■
a foot short and he got a swinging up
percut on the chin from Tom's right
that had some steam behind it. He
clinched to avoid further punishment
and in the breakaway Ryan landed
both right and left on Baker's face, in
quick succession. This put the Chicago
boy on the defensive, and Ryan became
a little too confident, for in an attempt
to duck a vicious left swing- he • ran
into a right follow, which ' peeled the
skin from his forehead.. This nettled
Ryan and he sailed into Baker like a
volcano and had him going when time
TROUBLE IN THE
EUREKA SOCIETY
Secretary Brown Resigns After
a Tilt With President
v...\ Tuttle. ' '■•;■■ ;• \ , £■,
Board of Directors Badly Broken Up
Over Money and Other ■•
Matters.
Judging from present indications the
Eureka Society for the Protection of Chil
dren, office in the Donohoe building, is
on the verge of disruption, financial and
i otherwise; At any rate there was ; a sort
I of a meeting held on Friday evening at
■ which President R." A.;- Tuttle and Sec
i retary R. 13. Brown became involved in
i a quarrel, and the society Is now with-
I out a secretary, "Mr., Brown at once re
j signing in an angry mood.' - :
This condition of affairs was not the
result of a sudden outburst af temper,
but was the effects of heterogeneous ele
ments of which the society is composed.
The society was organized as a result of ;
a quarrel In tho parent body, the Cali
fornia Society for the Prevention Cru
elty to children. Mm. John . Pettcc drew
out'of the old body and formed tho new
one because : she objected to the then
secretary, Mr. Walsh. She wanted j Frank
Uolbrook for that position,' and si"- save
him a similar place In the new organiza
tion, of course, she was the ilrst presi
dent, but flic directors: did not: like- her
rule. and without ceremony they voted
her out of the chair, and then out of the
organization. R. a. Tuttle succeeded Mrs.
Pettec, but Uolbrook held on to iii« Job
until the Ist of December, when he. too,
was relieved of his duties. In the mean
time the matter of coin troubled th" sev
eral and frequently changing boards of
directors, and at no time since tho ■'■<- -
clcty started lias thlß financial wolf boon •■
very far from Its door.
At ill" earnest solicitation of 'l'rwlrtcnt'
Tuttle, ■ Mr. crow:: boeame ■IJoJl>ri>ok'&'
lini-i-;:-!.], and Since the Ist of ) »■•• •-m l-.-r
lte has worked with a will *.o mil.'- ift
reputation for the society ; and benefit the
youthful and unfortunate of humanity.
The handicap was too heavy. The «»ni
cers v of tho body made many urrieatrt of
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MABCH 6, 1898.
The second round opened by Ryan
placing his right in Bakers wind.
Ryan then feinted with his left. Baker
led with his-right for Ryan's head, but
Tom stopped the blow and planted his
left on the side of Baker's head. Both
men indulged in some hot work at close
quarters, in which Ryan ha,d all the
best of it. When time was called he
was landing when and where he
pleased.
Baker began the third by tapping
Ryan on the chin, but he took a nasty
right in his wind in return, which was
followed by a smashing right and left
on the head that made the Chicago boy
look funny. Ryan ducked out of the
way of a vicious left for his head and
placed his left on Baker's nose and
his right on his wind and was out of
the way before his opponent could re
cover. Ryan had the best of the round.
The fourth and last round saw Ryan
go for Baker in earnest. He ducked
away from a left-hand swing and land
ed his right in Baker's face, and fol
lowed it up with a right in the wind
and a left on the nose. Baker clinched,
and when the men broke away he got
two on the head and one in the wind.
Ryan gave a pretty exhibition in this
round of his clever ducking and foot
work. The men were applauded when
time was called.
After the boxing contest there was an
auction of articles donated for the
benefit of the families of those who
perished in the Maine disaster. The
programme of the Native Sons and
Daughters was then carried out and
several addresses were made. This
ended the fair.
parents guilty of abusing and neglecting
their children, and many of these casts
resulted in tho cruel parents being fined
in the police courts. T'nder the State laws
these lines should go to the prosecutors,
but in this instance they could not. as
the Eureka Society was not incorporated.
It was believed that if it should incor
porate these fines would help out on the
expenses. Even In this movement there
was no unanimity of purpose, for sev
eral meetings were called, and on no
occasion was a quorum present, and the
Well crawled closer to the door.
Another meeting was called for Friday
night and as usual there were not enough
to transact business. By this time it was
pretty well" understood that a number of
the directors had no intention of paying
any more attention to the society and
we're about to resign. These wore A. C.
}saver. E. L. Wadam, F. A. Holbrook and
M. Stein. The last meeting increased this
number by two more, Mr. and Mrs. Henry
Tenrpleman, who, it is said, will step
down and out in the very near future.
This leaves President Tuttle, V. Krolow,
H. Thorpe. A. 1.. Fredericks and Mrs.
Qurnett who show any disposition to stay
by the ship. Mrs. Gurnett, who Is a sis
ter of Mrs. Templeman, may possibly de
sert with the others.
When the meeting was found to be so
sadly short of directors the conversation
turned to the finances and Secretary
Brown told the members that he was not
working for the fun of the thing and that
it was necessary for him to pay his pri
vate bills. He asked President Tuttle
how soon he could make arrangements to
pay his salary. This inquiry, It is said.
B< exned to unger the president, and he an
swered to the effect that Mr. Brown was
not the only creditor of the society and
there are as good men as Mr. Brown
waiting for their pay. The manner more
than tin- words aroused the secretary's
blood and he told President Tuttle that "he
wiih not accustomed to being treated like
a dog and that he would not stand any
of the president's Impudence, or some
thing to that effect. The presence of the
lady directors prevented the angry sec
retary from saying all that he would
have liked to, bul he did not mince mat
ters In telling tin- president that he want
ed ami must have wlmt Is due him. some
thing near 1100, More thnn that, he wrote
mil his resignation, to take effect at once,
with empha .'■ •M i li l ■ last two words.
Thl. little <-jil ■'. :■ roused a commotion,
fur th>' diroctorn iircseni .-<t once took up
the tight, »om« taking Bides with the soc
aii'l other*, In the interest of
peace, tmdeAVorod lo patch up the affair.
There wan un patch, for yesterday Sec
r.titiv lirown picked up his personal ef
j., i i.,! .i. ;i!i. ,i after handing 1 the key
jo iii<- >piiii > lo one of the directors, who
.»iu. • :.-i his t-i'-'i norrow that so efll
> i.hi v in. in ■"•■ Mi. Brown should sever
Ilia connection with the Eureka Society.
On. Dost Will Sjtsjp ii Coufth.
■' MX. • j-jifH't h i i/iikii t.ure never rails;
jry it; «*;. i r «r uftle by all druggists. •
HAWAIIAN
FIGHT IS NOW
NEARLY OVER
Native Delegates Returning Home
Well Pleased With Their
Success.
Hon. James K. Kalia, president of the Hawaiian Patriotic League,
Hon. David Kalauokalani, president of the Hawaiian Association, Hui
Kalaiaina and William Auld are at the California.
These men compose the delegation of native Hawaiians sent to
Washington by the people of Hawaii to protest against the annexation
of their country by the United States. They are on their way back
to the islands now.
"One of the main reasons for our return to Hawaii,' said Mr. Kau
lia yesterday, "is a hint that we got in Washington just after Presi
dent Dole left. It leaked out — of course, I can't say how true the ru
mor is— that President McKinley had advised Mr. Dole to return to
the islands and hold an election for the purpose of submitting the
question of annexation to the people of Hawaii.
"Now, if there's to be such an election in Hawaii, we propose to
be there. ' For, if the voting is to be done under the present laws of
the republic— if every Hawaiian has to swear allegiance to the pres
ent Government before being allowed to vote, we shall advise the peo
ple we represent to have nothing to do with such an election. Let
the Government party have it themselves; there are only three thou
sand of them— no, only twenty-eight hundred."
"You understand," said Mr. Auld, "we don't object to submitting
this subject to the people of Hawaii. On the contrary, an election,
with the Australian ballot system, and freed from the obligation to
support a government established and kept up by force, is above all
things what we want most. It would convince the world just how the
Hawaiians feel in this matter."
"If such an election were to be held," Mr. Auld was asked, "would
any proportion of the natives support annexation?"
"Why, even the native police, though in the employ of the pres
ent Government, would vote against annexation. Just lately the Mor
mon Church sent a delegate to the islands to find out how the people
stand on the Question. The result is a petition against annexation
signed by ISOO natives. There are 3000 Mormons in the islands; of
the 1200 remaining come have not yet been seen and others have signed
similar petitions, which have not yet arrived in Washington. There
are just two Hawaiian Mormons— no, three, who have signed a peti
tion for annexation.
"It was this fact, I think, which rather modified Senator Cannon's
attitude. He's not on our side yet, but he's not nearly so hot for an
nexation as he was."
"Then you have made some converts?"
"Why," Mr. Kaulia answered, his earnest face lighting up, "when
we went to Washington there were fifty-six Senators in favor of an
nexation and only thirty-three opposed. Now there are but forty-nine
votes in the Senate for the treaty and forty "
"Forty-one," came from one of Mr. Kaulia's companions.
"No," said Mr. Kaulia, "better be sure. We're not positive about
that one. There are forty Senators who believe with us, that it is an
outrage to annex a country the people of which are overwhelmingly
opposed to annexation.
"The treaty is dead, Senator White has told us; dead as a door
nail. If it were to be voted upon to-morrow it would be defeated. We
are sure of a majority in the House against annexation, and it
wouldn't surprise me to hear that the five votes— it only needs five
votes, you know— necessary to make a majority in the Senate for our
cause, had been gained, and that both houses of Congress hud over
whelmingly defeated the whole project."
"Then you go back to the islands encouraged?"
It doesn't need the answer to this question to inform one as to the
mental attitude of these Hawaiians. There is a buoyancy, a confi
dence in voice and manner now, which contrasts with the strained,
sober earnestness of their demeanor a few months ago, when they
passed through San Francisco on their way to Washington. They have
worked hard, and, evidently, they feel that their labors for their coun
trymen h^ve nut been in vain.
"One thing 'which counts for a great deal against annexation," con
tinued Mr. Kaulia, "is that Speaker Reed is on our side."
" 'I believe,' he said to me, 'that the people of Hawaii should not
be annexed against their wish. lam altogether opposed to annexa
tion.' "
"Here's a pretty thing about our visit to Washington," said Mr.
Kalauokalani, who was long as his name, tall, dark, and interesting
as a fine specimen of the Hawaiian upper class. "The ladies of Wash
ington have taken up our cause. It would amuse you— it delighted us
—to see how earnestly some of the daughters and wives of Senators
and Congressmen are going into the question. There's Miss Berry of
Kentucky, who was at the islands last September; Miss Hilborn, Mrs.
Thurston— l can't tell you all of them; it's as hard for me to remem
ber their names as it is for them to pronounce mine." And Mr. Ka
lauokalani smiled as though the attempts had been funny.
"But, really," he continued, "the ladies of Washington are doing
so much to help us. They cannot vote, I know, but their influence
is great. They have gone into this question so enthusiastically that
wives are against husbands, and daughters against brothers. The in
justice of the thing appeals to them and they are quick to take the
side of the weak. We are very grateful to them."
Mr. Kalauokalani represents 17,200 Hawaiians. So the amount oi
gratitude due the belles of Washington from the people five thousand
miles away from the White House is not to be despised.
"We leave for the Islands," said Mr. Kaulia in conclusion, "ir
about five days. But we are in this fight to stay till it's ended. Mr
Richardson and Mr. J. O. Carter remained in Washington to watct
over the Hawaiian people's interests, and if annexation is not definite
ly defeated by May, we shall come back and go again to Washingtor
to relieve these two gentlemen.
"But we believe that our side will win — that it has won. And we g<
back to Hawaii to raise the hopes of our people with what we have t<
tell them. Why. the very day we left the capital, I was discussing this
question with the Congressman from Washington State, Lewis Ham
ij ton n o, Hamilton Lewis." Mr. Kaulia smiled at his mistake. "I tolc
him that if the United States persisted in annexing the island;
against the people's will, there would be everlasting confusior
down there. We would never be at peace. We would never be recon
ciled. We should, as long as there was any life left in us, resent be
ing robbed of our right to choose our own government. Mr. Lewii
then told me that he would vote against annexation. I found othei
Senators and Representatives who hesitated when it came to this. Thej
had not before faced the problem of keeping down the people by forc<
if they annex them in spite of their protest."
Piano Men at Outs.
Joseph C Schmitz, who has a piano
store at 16 McAllister street, was arrest
ed yesterday on a warrant charging him I
v\ it'h battery. The complaining witness
is John Abplanalp, agent for Sherman.
Clay &Co He stated that he was in a
. ADVERTISEMENTS. r■. '[]_: ; -.;.'•;; -\[\
5 NO MORE DREAD OF THE DENTAL;. CHAIR. S:
I VAN VROOM 1
ELECTRO-DENTAL F»MRLORS. J*
We know our work is good, so we guarantee it. Electricity makes it painless. 3^
'3" FULL SET OF TEETH f0r "....?. $5 00 up' SILVER FILLING. 25c up 5U
c 3? GOLD CROWNS. 22k............;. 350 up GOLD FILLING r.....; 75c up 5»
3" BRIDGE WORK, per Tooth 350 up | CLEANING TEETH ...........50c up g£»
•^i No charge ; for Extracting Teeth when plates are ; ordered. mQ.
Work done as well at night as by daylight by our modern electrical devices. ■&
SIXTH AND MARKET STREETS.
35 997 MARKET ST. ;.V . TELEPHONE JESSIE 1695. " •£,
'^> ''-- Ten 'Skilled Operators. Lady, Attendants. German and French spoken. Open JJC
31 Evenings till 10 o'clock; Sundays, 10 to 1. ■.-. GEO. W. KLEISER, D.D.a. JC
restaurant with two ladios Friday when
Schmitz came in and immediately at
tacked him by striking him three or four
times in the face, much to his annoyance
and to the surprise of the ladies, who
screamed with fright. Business rivalry
was the cause of the unprovoked as
sault. Schmitz was released on bail.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HENRI ROCHEFORT
The Famous French Journalist
HENRI ROCHEFORT Writes:
■ Your precious "Yin Mariani" has com*
pletely reformed my constitution; you
should certainly offer some to the French
Government. C-
HENRI ROCHEFORT.
NEVER HAS ANYTHING BEEN SO ? HIGHLY AND SO JUSTLY PRAISED AS
■■""'" :: '" ' '■ " ■ "' ' ' ' ' ' .-'»...*.* '.'■'■. ■ ■_^
in wSs i P*£ : *l V raf *lH ® 1 A m -*
MARIANI WINE, the FAMOUS FRENCH TONIC for BODY, NERVES and BRAIN
FOR. OVERWORKED MEN, DELICATE WOMEN, SICKLY CHILDREN.
Yin Mariani is indorsed by the medical faculty all over
the world. It is specially recommended for Nervous Troubles,
Throat and Lung Diseases, Dyspepsia, Consumption, General
Debility.
MALARIA, WASTING DISEASES AND LA GRIPPE.
SOLD AT ALL DRUGGISTS. REFUSE SUBSTITUTIONS.
; yiN; MARIANI GIVES STRENGTH |
SPECIAL OFFER— all who write mentioning the San Francisco CALL, we send
a b3^StilS^™rtSS and indorsements of EMPERORS, EMPRESS, PRINCES,
CARDINALS, ARCHBISHOPS and other distinguished personages.
MARIANI & CO.. 52 WEST 15TH STREET, NEW YORK. !
Pari^l. Boul.va^l Haussmann; London-S3 Mortimer Street: Montreal-28^ Hospital Street.
CONSULTATION AND ADVICE FREE ,
ON ALL DISEASES.
. A friendly talk with the 'famous Doctors of -
the ENGLISH AND GERMAN EXPERT
SPECIALISTS, 731 Market street, will cost you |
nothing and may result in a great. deal o. good. ,
They will frankly tell . you . whether you can
be cured or not. They have cured thousands |
in this ty and vicinity. . Call and see their
testimonials. ■ ' •
CATARRH CURED FOR $5 A MONTH.
NO OTHER CHARGE OR EXPENSE. ALL !
MEDICINES FREE. The methods, remedies
and appliances of our Catarrh bpecialists have
lonK been recognized as superior to all others.
Relief is given at once. A permanent cure
soon follows. Thousands have warded off con-
eumptlon by consulting the ENULISH AJNU :
GERMAN EXPERT SPECIALISTS.
CORRESPONDENCE SOLICITED.
- All letters confidential. ".
• Private book for men or women sent, scaled-, j
by mail, free.. -; •■ '.; __ • ; ', ■ ,
English and German Expert' Specialists, |
731 Market Street. .
"Hours, 8 to 5. Evening, 7 to 8; Sundays, 9 to I
U. Phone— Green 601. - .
DYE A and
SKAGUAY
DIRECT. :
Alaska- Yukon Transportation Co. 's'
Steamer "DIRIGO" •
Will receive freight at 10 A. M. MONDAY,
March 7, at Mission No. 1.
■ For freight and passage apply to No. 3
Steuart street. ■ ; .
UNITED STATES
LAUNDRY,
/ OFFICE,
= 1004 Market St-
Sear Powell.
Toleplione, Sou 4SO,
.-. .. •.,..■ . . ..,..- ■ . - .-.*... .. .- # r~ : ; : : :~.
DDTTCIJI7C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
DJtI UOH « 8 . bootblacks. , bathv
. .•-.%,- * .- ■ ■; houses, billiard-tables.
i brewers, ■ bookbinders, - candy-makers, ! canners.
dyers, flourmills, > foundries, ; laundries, '■ paper-
j hangers, printers, ', painters, i, shoe V- factories,
stablemen, • tar-roofers, tanners, • tailors. ■ etc. . " ; r
: .. BUCHANAN BROS., *' ■ '
Brush Manufacturers,6o9 Sacramento St
AUCTION
OK REAL ESTATE
Probate, Executor, Administrator and
- Miscellaneous Sale
Monday, March 7, 1898 '
"-.>,.".•.• -;, At 12 o'clock M.
AT SALESROOM, 14 MONTGOMERY ST.
the following properties:
NOKA HKIJELL ESTATE
Executor's Sale
Ist. No. 570-72 Lexington' avenue, between 20th and
21st streets; 2 hay-window flats of 5 and 6 rooms and
hath eacb; brick foundation; 25x80 feet
2d— No. 209 Diamond street, 100 feet south of 19th
street; cottage of 4 rooms MM bath; rent $11; 35x64
feCt- BKIDOET O'DAY ESTATE
' .Administrator's Sale ~.-y.{V
Ist. South line of 25th street, 25 feet east of Bryant
avenue; lot 15x90 feet.
2d Ho. 228 Clara street, between sth and 6th streets;
3 story house of 6 rooms and bath; rent $15; 20:6x30 ft.
MARY C. Gil ANT ESTATE
Executor's Sale
No. 322 Fremont street, between Fol.=om and Harrison
S streets; residence of 13 rooms and bath, etc., etc.; lot
24:3x100 feet to Grant alley.
BLAIR ESTATE
Administrator's Sale
Ist. No. 2131 Mifsiou street, between 17th and 18th
streets, running tiirouch to Capp street; improvements,
■tore*, bally, etc.; lot 50x245 feet: 2-frontages.
3d Undivided half interest in lot No. 6, Blocks 0.33,
I West End Map No.!. situated S. K. line of Old San , Jose
: road, distants6o feet, more or less, X. K. of Ocean Haom
road; "thence >*. X on Old San Jose road MHi feet;
thence S. E. 207 feet to the northwest line of Pelawara
! avenue; thence S. E. SO feet; thence N. W. 21S feet to
I bfginnine j.S.HOLLII>AY ESTATE !
.' Executor's Sale
Ist. No 1731 Market street, southeast line between
I Valencia and Brady streets; stores. Cats and cottage;
-ients". S?<»: lot 3J:llxl£s feet, running thrn;-,u to
■ Stevensoi: street. ". ' ' T ".u* f :
. 2d. No. 252 4th street, southeast line, 55 feet north-
west of Folsom stret-t; store and flat; rents, j-65; 25x80 ft.
CATHERINE WALLACE ESTATE
• 'Administrator's Sale
No. 1309 9J£ Xyon street; west line, 100 feet north of
Geary street; 2 flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath; large lot.
NICE RESIDENCE.
. No. 927 Haigbt street, between Devisadero and Brod-
erick streets; 2-story bouse of 9 rooms, bath and laun-
dry: hay windows, brick foundation, 8toi«<; walks, etc.";
27xl37Kfeet. - ', "
ELEGANT BOULEVARD CORNER LOT
■ Southwest comer of Golden Gate avenue and Baker
street; 37Hx96:10& feet. Baker street 100 feet wide and
the boulevard to the Park. ' .
. . SO VTHSIDE INVESTMENT
Nos. 11 to 17H Oak Grove avenue, 150 feet southeast of
Harrison street, between sth and 6th streets; several
house*, rents 1120 per month; lot 75x11 feet; street
accepted. . . '
' Further particulars, catalogue, etc., cheerfully given
It our office.
• 6." H. UMBSEN & CO., Auctioneers,
• 14 Montgomery Street ; r -,
G& ChJche.ter's Hn»-U»!» DltßMul Brand.
Pennyroyal pills
p "C.. <5»""V: *■ ' Orlginul »nd Only Genuine. A •
• £i( tt^\wk Dragg'ist tor'CMchestert Ifrillth
Ci<\^^jK^ri,,nJ Brand io Kcd md Gold ni*!»lHcV«#7
n»!e<l with bins ribbon. I nko VH'
V*\ *^ *VJ"O ether. Refute danjrraHi whstitur ■ ,-V : ,
|^ W in (iKiinij for partienUrs, tullllll ■!■> »nrl
$ *kj . ■■,»■■ "Relief for Lad!-.'*." *■ Uttrr. by r-tnns
. ,*■ • :/> Mnll. l«,«OOT.'«'imoDi»l». Km*- ,'aptr. •
"^ — /""Clii''hr»f <•!■«- hectical Co.,
£Ud Of all Local DracnUU. i'lll LA 1 i... i'Ju -■
*»#*"*3s?*»s?«j.i.»» #*"*35?*»s?«j.i.» "'' *3 is a non-poisonon«
_i'_|Wl|ilp fll * l 'Wfc Vl remedy f ■ r Gonorrlio-a,
jGtmri UllF. ft^Bi <: J 00 V ' Spermatorrhoea,
JBtBT,^ i tos.!»js.\?j Whitoa, unnatural dis-
JSSMf Go»ra nice'd 'gj ch.irgerf, or any infl;unni;i-
JrB*V Dot to iuictarc. tion, irritation or ulcera-
. i^Preyects eontajloo. lion of 'nncoas. ::icm-
irZITHEEvAMSCHEmrii Co. kr.-.nes. Non-astringent.
VfILci!IC!NN*TI.O.HH Sold by. »mssi«t«, ;
■C& USA jSfS or £ ''" t ' n P' aln rapper,
J^Hl^^. ' "j&Wa l>y expn ss, prepaid, for
■ iPi 'U f f - o> < " r 3 oottlea, «2.7.V
■ '•^a^p'V' ■ Circular b-;ui uu request.
1112
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; op™ until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
€21 McAllister utreet; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until '.< o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
2626 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
150;> Polk street; open until '.':3O o'clock.
N. W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 0 o'clock.
CHURCH NO'I'HKS.
FIRST Church Of Christ. Scientist. Central
block m Sutter st., bet. Kearny and urant
iv£ -Christian Science Bible l.ssuns; at 11
a m subject. "Jesus' Observance ot the bab-
bath " Sunday school for children at the
same hour! Science and Health" study
Thursday at 6 p. m. All are welcome.
FIRST Presbyterian Church, cor. Van Ness
aye. and Sacramento st.-Rev. Robert Mac-
kenzie D.D.. pastor: Rev. Kdwin H. Jenks,
co-pastor. Mr. Jenka will preach at U a. m.
and 1:30 p. m Morning subject, "The Beauty
of -Moral Qualities." Evening subject. ' The
Home ami the Sabbath." The evening serv-
ice is the usual monthly praise service.
Musical programme, viz.: Organ Prelude.
"Allegretto" (Tours); anthem, "It Is -' Good
Thing to Give Thanks" (Bheppard) : solo.
•Eternal Rest" iPlceolominl). Mrs. Biggs;
solo "Pity. O Savior" (Strodella). Mr*.
Cushman; solo (Rodney), Dr. Graham; organ
solo "Communion in G" (Hatiste); offertory,
•Arm. Arm. Ye Brave" (Hajidel). Mr Me -
Bride; anthem. "Now God With I s (Brew-
er); organ postlude, "Festal March (Teil-
man). Otto Fleissner, organist and choir-
n.aster. Sunday school at 12:46 p. m. * ■ F.
p C E at 6:15 p. m. Prayer meeting at &
p.' m. Wednesday. All are welcome.
CAL-VAKT Presbyterian church, cor. Geary
and Powell sts.-Kev. John Hemphill, D.D.,
nastor. Services at 11 a. m. and ( :30 p. m.
Fverinc topic. "Eclipsed Luminaries. Morn-
<ng nulic-"fe Deum" in E flat (EL Marxo):
'offertory. "The King of Love." by Rowe
Shelley; soprano solo and quartet. Evening
service will be the praise service, or evening
of «ong which was omitted last Sabbath on
account of the illness of the pastor. All are
tally Invited.
PLYMOUTH Congregational Church. Post St..
near Webster— Services to-day at 11 a. m.
and 7:30 p. m. Sunday school ;»t 9:30 a. m.
Rev F B. Cherington. D.D.. pastor, will
preach morning and evening. MortuiiK sub-
ject "God Givt-s as Men Use His Gifts.
Evening subject, "Eyes That Are Hot&en
The public cordially invited^
FIRST Congregational Church, cor. Post and
Mason sts.— Kev. George C. Adams, D.D..
pastor will preach morning and evening.
m service; 11 o'clock, theme. "The
Thr*-,> Crosses." Communion and reception
of members. Evening service. 7:30 o'clock,
theme. 'The Sabbath Was Made for Man.
iy school and Bible classes at 12:4j p. m.
V. P. S. C. E. at 0:30 p. m. Samuel L>.
Mayer, organist and choir master.
CENTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church. Mis-
sion St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh— Dr. Charles
Edward Locke, pastor,, will preach. Class
meeting at y:3'J a. m. and 12:30 p. m. Morn-
ing sermon at 11. subject, "Consecrated Cob-
blers." Sunday school, 1 p- m. ; Rolla V.
Watt superintendent. Christian Endeavor
Society, 615 p. m. Evening sermon, 7:30.
BUbleCt "Shall Men Be Abolished, or Are the
Boys Worth Saving?" This is a people's
church Seats all free. Everybody Invited.
Music led by chorus choir; J. J. Morris,
leader. Midweek prayer service WednesAiy,
7:30 p. m.
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner Hayes a£s Buchanan sts. —
Rev John Stephens, pastor; residence 309
Haight st. Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p.
m. The pastor will preach at both services.
Topic at 11 a. m., "The Last Word." At 7:30
p m "The World That Lost Its Light; or
the World Without the Bible." Sunday school
at 12 30 p. m. c. B. Perkins, superintendent.
Epworth League meeting at 6:30 p. m. Prayer
meeting Wednesday evening at 7:45 p. jn.
The public cordially invited to all the ser-
vices oi this church. Seats free. Ushers in
attendance.
HAMILTON Square Baptist Church, corner
Post and Steiner sts.— W. C Jenkins, pastor.
Morning subject, "A Working Church."
Evening subject. "An Exhaustive Test of
Love." ■
THE First Divine • Science Church of San
Francisco — M. E. Cramer, pastor. Subject.
"Pivine Science Healing Scientifically Con-
sidered." Services every Sunday. 11 a. in..
Yosemite Hall, N. S. G. W. building. Mason
St.. bet Geary and Post. Bible class and
Sunday school. 12:30.
STRANGERS' Sabbath Home. Howard Street
Methodist Episcopal Church, 643 Howard St..
bet. Second and Third, two blocks from Pal-
ace Hotel— Rev. John A. B. Wilson, D.D.,
pastor. Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m.
by Rev. Clarence True Wilson. Ph.D.. the
eloquent young son of the pastor. Morning
subject, "The True Dignity of Man." Even-
ing subject, "The Advantage of Goodness."
Special music by chorus. Boys' Brigade. ;
Ladles' Choral and Antiphonal Choirs. Sab-
bath school. Normal and Bible classes at 12.30
p. m. Great Epworth League rally at 6:15
p. jn. 'Week night services— Monday. Pro-
fessor Schultz Choral Society, Instruction
free; Tuesday, Pentecostal and Probationers'
classes; Wednesday, midweek prayer, praise
and salvation service; Thursday, reception
to strangers; Friday, Boys' Brigade Bible
class and drill. Companies F and G. All are
always welcome at all times. Seats free.
INTERNATIONAL Brotherhood League (non-
sectarian), has for one of its objects., "To
help men and women to realize the nobility
of their calling and their true position in
life." Meets every Saturday evening at 819
• Market St.. at 8 o'clock.
SAN FRANCISCO Lodge of Universal Broth-
erhood. 819 Market st.— Lecture to-night.
"The Finding of the Perfect Way." by Mrs.
F. E. Wait. Subject Tuesday night, "The
Science of the Soul." • .
ASSOCIATION Auditorium, Mason and Ellis
sts. — Mass meeting 'for men only this (Sun-
day) afternoon at 3 o'clock. Address by Gen-
eral Secretary C. B. Willis of the Milwaukee
Association, who will also sing several se-
lections. Special music by the Knickerbocker
Quartet. Seats free and all young men wel-
come. ■
THEOSOPHICAL Society— Public lecture every
Sunday evening at 8 o'clock, in Fraternal
Hall. Odd Fellows' building, Market and
Seventh sts. To-night. "Schools and Temples :
of Occultism," by Miss Marie A. Walsh. Good
music. Everybody welcome. Subject Wednes-
day evening. "Man's Mental Bodies."
SIXDAY MEETINGS.
SOCIETY of Progressive Spiritualists. El Do-
rado Hall. Alcazar building, O'Farrell st.—
Sunday. March 6. song service, 7:30. Mrs. R.
S. Lillie of Boston will deliver the address.
Mrs. Cadwalader of Philadelphia, the widely
known national worker organizer, will also
be present. Admission", 10c.
DR. M. MUEHLENBRUCH'S spiritual test
meeting to-night; questions answered; psy-
c hometric readings; 111 Larkin st., lower nail;
office. Brunswick Hotel,- Oakland, test cir-
cle every Tuesday evening, 25c; sittings daily.
OAKLAND— Dr. Coonley exposes the frauds of
' slate writers;, psychical, trumpet and ma-
terializing mediums to-night. 25c; every
method shown' and explained. Chapman
Opera House. 414 Eleventh st.
AT Dr. Rines' spiritual society, 009 Market st.
—11, free; 2-8 p. m.. 10c; Mrs. Sealey, Gilling-
ham. Dr. Carpenter, Hanson, others;. Dr.,
' 261 Arlington St., Tue.,Thur., Frl., 10 to sp.m.
AT Ceres Hall. 621 O'Farrell St., at 8 p. m.,
Edward B. Payne ill open a course of lee-
; tures on- "Living As An Art." Tickets $1
for 6 lectures; single admission 25 cents.
MR AND MRS. PLUNKETT, mental scient-
ists, will give a free talk at 320 Post St..
Mystic Hall, this evening at 8 o'clock; sub-
~ Ject, "Peace vs. War."
TEST developing circle. 2- p. -m. ; 8 p. m., test
, meeting; 10c; 335 McAllister St.; Stltt, Nita,
Meakin, Hargrave, Glllingham, Evens, others.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY will hold a test meet-
. Ing and answer questions Friday eve. 605
. McAllister st.
MARKET, 907. to-night, test seance. Mrs.
Wrenn and others; mediums admitted free.
OAK. Circle to-night: Tuesday. 8 p. m. ;
; Thursday. 2 p. m. readings, ■ $1; Mayo Steers.
C. V. MILLER'S etherenlizing. materializing
Feance. Bp. m.; 50c. 409 Leavenworth st.
MEDIUMS' Ass'n— Meeting Thursday night, 997
; Market st. ; Mrs. Shriner, . Mrs. Robinson.
ATTEND— Mission st., to-night Mrs
• Favre, test meeting: free: no collection.
TO-NIGHT at Foresters Hall,, 20 Eddy st.,
..wonderful Spiritual test.' Prof. Gee, "10c.
MMi: YOUNG'S test circle to-night. 10c. 605
■ McAllister - st. ; convincing tests. *•* -■■
MEETING NOTICES.
HARMONY Lodge No. 13. I. O. O. ~~^j""r-^
F. The officers and the funeral ~2i£z33&
committee of the above lodge are z £k%!££^
hereby notified to assemble at Odd - -*tw»-
Fellows' Hall, cor. Market and Seventh sts..
on SUNDAY. March 6, at 1 o'clock p. m., for
the purpose of attending the funeral of our
late brother', HENRY JORRES. By order
■ CHARLES QUAST, Financial Secretary.
YERBA Buena Lodge No. 15. .I.,O.v,^*Htt«s>
. O. F. — Members are hereby noti- ; =§g* ~"*t§C^
fied to assemble In Memorial Hall. *&S?^
SUNDAY, March 6. at Ip. m., 'w/tlw %
for ttic purpose of attending the funeral of
' our late brother. C. H. BRICK-^EDEL JR.
■ ; • GEORGE L. PERHAM, N. O.
JAMES BOYES, Rec. Sec.
EUREKA Grove No. 4, U. A. O. D.— The *&*
• officers and the funeral committee of the ECr
above grove are hereby notified to as- ■ MLm -
semble at Druids' Hall, 413 ' Sutter Ht., on
.SUNDAY, March 6, at 1 o'clock p. m.. for the
* purpose attending the funeral of our late
v brother. HKNRY .TORRES. :By order .. -..-.-
CHARLES QUAST, Secretary, ,
,-■-... a .■■■■.. -'
MEETING NOTlCES— Continued.
ST. PATRICK'S Day celebration— %rf^?>
Irish national holiday will be cele- \ ' |
brated on a magnificent scale at the Jm.^l
Chutes on THURSDAY, March 17.fCW»
under the auspices of the County Lei -. »^ab
trim Social Club; balloon' ascension afternoon;
literary exercises; fireworks at night will dis-
play many Irish historic scenes and person-
age^ ' "
THERE will be. a meeting of the St. ,
Patrick's Day Convention of IS9S held .j£a.
THIS DAY, March 6, In K. R. B. fc>gs
Hall, Mason and O'Farrell sts. All **""** r .
Irish and Irish-American national,
military, benevolent, literary and social so-
cieties are requested to send five delegates
each. Officers of former conventions, grand
, marshals, orators and poets are entitled to
seats in the convention. Hon. Robert Ferral
will address the convention. By order
FRANK CONKLIN, President.
J. J. MORAN, Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual Xrf-^jW
meeting of the stockholders In theA.
" O. F. Hall Association of San Fran- jt \
Cisco will be held in Excelsior HaJl. A. ft— >
O. F. building, 102 O'Farrell St., San Fran-
cisco, Cal.. on SATURDAY, .the 12th day of
March, IS9S. at 7:30 p. m.
JOHN HENDERSON, President.
J. FALCONER. Secretary.
THIRTY-SECOND annual gathering X 7 &v
and games of the Caledonian Club J^ &¥■>'•
at Shell Mound Park. Berkeley. A.-!u>'
SATURDAY, May 28. x
JOHN REID, Chief.
JAS. H. DUNCAN. Sec. ■
MR, DURWARD LELY (the world-renowned
Patti's tenor) and Mrs. Leiy will conclude
their Third American Concert Tour with two
recitals in the Y. M. C. A. Auditorium, cor-
ner of Mason and Ellis sts.. Monday evening.
March 21; Scottish song and story, or "A
Nleht Wi* Burns"; Tuesday evening, March
22, Rose, Thistle and Shamrock, or songs of
all nations. Admission B0c; reserved seats,
75c: on sale at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s, corner
of Kearny and Sutter. on and after March 17,
or at box office night of concert.
NOTICE — Waitresses, an effort is being made to
emancipate you from the employment agen-
cies. A preliminary meeting will be held at
A. O. F. Hall, 102 O'Farrell st., at 8:30
o'clock WEDNESDAY EVENING, March 9:
All Interested are requested to attend.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free
SPECIAL, NOTICES.
ROOMS papered. $2 50 up: whitened. $1 up.
i*>oS Twenty-fourth st.. or 2A'.< Third st.
CONTENTS of trunks held for debt at 322
Third st. will be sold at auction
MRS. DR. NlCK— Genuine steam vapor cabi-
net baths. $1. 17A Sixth st.. room 1.
MME. HANSEN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor at.
MISS Mays' genuine massage, baths, alcohol
and Turkish. 536 Kearny St., room 9.
ANIMALS, birds and reptiles bought, sold
and exchanged. Address FRANK C. BOS-
TOCK, the Zoo. San Francisco.
MRS. SHELDON, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 906 Market St., room 22.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collectluns made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery' st., room 6; tel. 6680.
MRS. BTEWERT. genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120H Geary at., room 11.
MBS. DR. FISH. rra. 2, 116 A Grant aye.; elec-
trician: alcohol. Turkish baths; unrivaled.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
A NO. 1 German cook: best of reference; also
German nurse, desire situations. J. F. CROS-
SETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
WOMAN wishes position as housekeeper, or
would like to take care of a club; no triflers.
Box 1466, Call office.
COLORED woman wants general housework;
no heavy wash; references if required. Call
11S0B Pacific st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes position as
housekeeper; country preferred. Call 109 A
Powell St.. room 3?.
RESPECTABLE girl wishes situation to do
ohamberwork and waiting in a private fam-
ily; references. Call at 1212 Green st.
POSITION to care for Invalid; understands
massage, magnetic treatment; good sewer:
no objection to country. Box 1470. Call office.
SWEDISH woman of long experience wants
work by the day for 3 or 4 hours; general
housework; good references. H., 355 Fourth.
TWO friends would like employment in one
house in city or country. Call or address
771 Howard St.. room 41.
WANTBD— Experienced respectable woman
with 4-year-old child; will do good cooking
and housework for $12 to Jl5 a month; good
cook; country preferred. Address MRS. R.
ELDRIDGE, Dwight way station No. 1,
Berkeley. Cal.
SITUATION as housekeeper by refined young
widow; city or country. Box 14S0, Call office.
AN American lady desires position as house-
keeper. A'ldress 771 Howard St., room 41.
FIRST-CLASS dress and c.oak maker desires
a few more engagements In families; $1 25
per day; no objection to country. Address
boa 1488, Call.
LAIiY wants work by the day washing and j
housecleaning. Please call at 11 Erkson
court, oft Post. bet. Devisadero & Broderick.
REFINED woman wants laundry work or
housework, 2 or 3 in family, where she would
be treated like one of family. 1219 Mission. i
DRESSMAKER, good cutter and fitter.' would j
like a few more engagements by the day or i
would take work home. Address 1403 Polk.
RELIABLE girl wishes a position for house- j
work: best of city references. Call at 911 i
Howard St.; call 2 days.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman wants !
housework or ehamherwork: prefers to Bleep
homo. Call or address MRS. A. P., 821 Mlb-
sion st.. second floor, room 8.
REFINED domesticated English woman de- j
sires responsible position: musician and lln-
ffttlst; nursing certificate and good testimo- ;
nials; city or country, or would travel. Box :
1447, Call.
NORTH German woman wants work 2 or 3 <
days every week. Call 438 Chestnut St., bet. j
Powell and Stockton, lower floor.
6 THIRTEENTH ST.— A mlddle-agf-d woman
wants situation as housekeeper or wou'd take i
care of an invalid; no objection to cnlldren.
YOUNG woman wishes position; good cook and
laundress; wages $15. Apply 375 Lexington ;
aye.. near Twenty-first St., bet. Mission and ;
Valencia.
YOUNG lady wishes a position as typewriter.
Apply 35 Grant aye.
YOUNG German woman wishes working house- !
keeper's position or to do plain mending.
8198 Howard St., room 3.
WOMAN with a three-year-old child wishes
position to do general housework near San
Francisco. 1818 Bush st.
EXPERIENCED ladies' tailor and cutter, 2.=.
years' experience in cutting and fitting,
gives lessons in cutting and fitting during
day and evenings. 944 Geary st.
YOUNG lady wishes situation as housekeeper
or do chamber work. 989 Howard St., cor.
Sixth, room. 14.
SITUATIONS wanted for domestics and house
servants; none but reliable help furnished.
Ladies' Select Exchange, 1023 Market st.
LADY wishes situation to do plain sewing and
repairing. 139 Fourth St., room 10.
STRONG young American woman wants day
work, washing, cleaning, moving. Address
24 Verona St., off Third, between Folsom and
Harrison.
SITUATION by a woman as housekeeper; Is
a cook. Call or address Housekeeper, 873V4
Market st.. room 7.
SEAMSTRESS wishes to go in family to sew;
$1 day; lunch only. 121 Shotwell, nr. Sixteenth.
GERMAN girl wants a situation to do gen-
eral housework and cooking; wages from
$15 to $20. 690 McAllister st.
J3IRL for general housework; eood plain cook,
neat; kind to children: best of reference. 26
Minna st., bet. First and Second.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes to help in a re-
spectable family for a home only; can do
plain sewing neatly. Box 1502, Call office.
COLORED woman wishes general housework.
Apply £19 Market St.. Oakland.
YOUNG German girl will do upstairs work
and sewing: good waitress; references. 1022
l.nrkin Bt.
EMPLOYMENT wanted by young woman to
wait at table or do general housework; not
afraid of work. 524^ Fulton st.
RESPECTABLE lady wishes a position; will-
ing and able; prefers chamber work, or will
accept general housework. E. S., 109 Fifth
st., room 9.
TWO German women would like to have some
acquaintance with a German family or sin-
gle women going to Alaska. Box 1440, Call.
POSITION wanted to do general housework
or housekeeper; good references. Address
MRS. R. W.. 2 Eleventh st.
YOUNG German woman wants situation to do
general housework, or work by the day. 621
Commercial st.. 2 to 5.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants situation as
housekeeper or minding children. Call 454
Jessie Bt.
AN experienced waitress. also laundress,
wish work In same hotel or resort. Box 1450,
Call Office.
FIRST-CLASS cook wants situation to do gen-
eral housework. Box 1445, Call.
THE SAX FBAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 6, 1898.
SITUATIONS \\ ANTED— Continued.
WANTED— By reliable woman, general house-
work; good cook and laundress; city or
country; wayes $30. l^U-i Market St., nr. Uth.
NT USE with experience would like to take
care of little baby; please write. M. WEN-
DELL, 731t Pine st.
TOLNG lady wishes housekeeper's position or
do plain mending. 1104 Mission St.. corner
of Seventh, room 10.
GOOD neat German girl wishes a place for
housework. 14 Rausch st.
MONEY" loaned on watches, diamonds, jewelry;
low Interest. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ay.
YOUNG woman wishes working housekeeper's
position or to do plain mending. 131 Fourth
St., room 1.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
SITUATIONS WAM'KU-MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1987. JiKADLEV & CO- L M 0 Clay St.
JAPANESE, Chinese Employm t Office; house
cleaning; tel. Grant 56. Geo. Aokl, 30 Geary.
JAPANESE Employment Bureau— Choice help.
Tel. East 777. SO;. Geary st.
JAPANESE employment office; work day,
hour or evening. 122^« O'Farrell jJtel-Davis «&
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
be:^t help. 414W O'Farrell St.; U.I. East 426.
JAPANESE EmplQXJn't Office— Best help and
Northern Hsclns Co. IbOS Polli; tel.JPolk 422.
PRACTICAL German gardener, who can also
attend to cows, etc., desires employment.
Please address Gardener, German Hotel, 6U2
Howard at.
BUSINESS men— Practical bookkeeper and of-
fice manager wants to fill vacancy occasioned
by Klondike exodus or otherwise. Account-
ant, 1212 Castro st., Oakland.
BY respectable married couple, age 32 years;
willing to do anything; husband handy with
tools; best references furnished. Address box
1459, Call office.
$35 CASH paid to party securing me permanent
clerical position in any business; best of ref-
erences. JAMES NEUMANN, 109 Taylor St.
WANTED— Position as first-class cutter, with
good experience in first-class tailoring; 8
years' experience. Address box 1469, Call.
STRONG boy would like work, with chance to
raise; In country preferred. Box 1471, Call.
AN all round, practical gardener, horseman,
milker, butter maker, cook fur ranch or pri-
vate family, wants position. Address box
1474. Call office.
ACTIVE elderly man wants work around a
place; thoroughly understands care horses
and driving; can milk and do garden work;
willing to make himself generally useful;
references. Address I. C, 13s Fifth st.
RESPONSIBLE man and wife want situation
to take care of a gentleman's place or some-
thing like it. Address G. X., 4010 24th St.
WANTED — Position as watchman, janitor or
assistant by a young man: responsible; ref-
erences first class. Box lf><>4. Call otnce.
GARDENER — A first-class gardener, with
good references, wishes a steady situation.
Address Gardener, box 150 S. Call office.
BAJKEK on cakes and bread wishes situation.
1007 Powell st.
PROFESSIONAL nurse seeks engagement;
would assume entire charge: apply own and
an effectual remedy in chronic diseases or
would join in established sanitarium or hos-
pital where same would be applicable; terms
reasonable. Box 13it>. Call office.
STRONG, willing, active bcSy of 17 wants work;
home, not wages, the object: country pre-
ferred. Address ALFRED E. MERTON, box
3, Call office, Oakland.
HEAD gardener on first-class place; refer-
ences. X.. box 7. Call office. Oakland.
MAN and wife want positions; woman Is good
cook; man handy all around; city or country.
Call or address 114 Kuurth st.. room 2S.
EXPERIENCED man who can drive, milk,
tend garden or do any general work on gen-
tleman's place, wishes work; references. Ad-
dress «'. R. «'.. 7"'J Minnn st.
ENGINEER wants position; understands thor-
oughly the care and management of boiler
and engine. Address box 1403. Call office.
FIRST'-i'LASS gentleman's cutter desires posi-
tion, city or country; can give best of refer-
ences. 8..x 1439, Call office.
EXPERIENCED traveler, extensive acquaint-
ance Oregon and Washington, wants an ac-
count. Box 1446. Call office.
YOUNG mun. photographer, wishes situation
a» printer and help in gallery. Address 334
Montgomery aye.
YOI'NG man from New York wishes a situa-
tion as bartender: city or country. FRENCH,
127 Eddy st.
ANY position in city or country by gentleman
of ability. J. N.. box MO, Call office.
JAPANESE boy wants a position to do light
work. S. s.. is Natoma st.
SITUATION wanted by young man: steady,
sober; can handle horses; willing to do any
kind of work. Address J. M.. 511 Hayes st.
rOUNG man wants position to drive delivery
wagon, or any kind of work. 1219 Mission St.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper and office man
desires position in wholesale mercantile line;
references. Box IMS. Call office.
YOUNG experienced butcher, good reputation,
wishes situation In shop or wagon. Address
Batcher, 2965 Twenty-nrst st.
GENTLEMAN'S trained nurse and valet wish-
es position to care for elderly gentleman;
first-class masseur; references. Address box
\UO, Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket. 200 rooms, Jsc to $1 5U night: (1 50 to (i
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bu«
■nd baggage to and from ferry.
POSITION with Alaska outfitters; 10 years
camp life; practical suggestions; $100. Ad-
rln-ps box 1353, Call office.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry;
low Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
ELEVENTH, W6— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads tajten.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
3~~WArrnESSES for water resort in Southern
California. $20; 2 waitresses for Marysvllle.
$22 60 and $20; 2 waitresses for Fresno. $25
and $2i; waitress for Napa. $18; waitress for
I'leasanton, $15: 3 restaurant waitresses for
city, $5 a week; restaurant waitress. $6 week;
2 waitresses, same country town. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
LADY bookkeepers, companions, stenograph-
ers sind typewriters, housekeepers and sales-
ladies, secure permanent and good-paying
positions through the Ladies' Exchange (man-
aged by ladles): call and Investigate our
system. R-'.m 4, 10M Market st.
(■<>i>k for Jewish institution, $35; cook for a
small boarding-house. $25. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., V)h Geary st.
RANCH c. ,c ,k for San Lorenzo, see party here
Monday morning, $20: cook for Collinsville,
$18: cook for Lindsay. $ln and fare paid. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
GERMAN or Swedish nurseglrl. $20; girl for
housework, see lady here, $25; 6 girls for
housework. $20; 16 girls for housework, $15;
nursegirl for one child, see party here, $10.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary St.
MOTH EH and daughter, sisters or friends,
housework and care of baby, small family,
see lady Monday at C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S,
108 Geary st.
CHAMBERMAID, assist waiting, nice country
hotel, $20; Protestant woman, good plain cook
I ami housework, no wash. American family.
I country. $25. MURRAY & READY. Leading
Employment Agents. 634-636 Clay st.
LADY cashiers, bookkeepers, companion*.
teachers, trained nurses, governesses, ma-
trons, housekeepers, salesladies, stenograph-
ers, clerks, secure lucrative positions through
the Ladies' Exchange, 313 Bush, managed by
ladies; no cost to investigate; this agency
has offices in all leading business centers.
OPERATORS on white shirts. BRENNER-
ULMAN CO., 19 Battery St.
SCANDINAVIAN or German girl, general
housework, small American family, $20, or no
wash, US. Call 233 Third aye. to-day (Sun-
day): take Geary r Sutter st. cars.
WANTED— High grade woman as correspond-
ing secretary; good salary. Enclose self-ad-
dressed envelope to Secretary, box 1447, Call, j
WANTED— Woman to learn our business, then !
to do office work and. correspondence: salary i
$900 to right party. Enclose self-addressed
envelope to Manager, box 1448. Call office.
ELDERLY lady (non-Catholic), desiring pleas"
ant home more than wages, as housekeeper;
small family: small fruit ran.^h; country,
near San Jose; no other women. Box 1443,
Call office.
RECEPTION lady in dental office. Address
box 1475. Call office.
GIRL not under 16 to assist in housework; one
in need of good home; short distance in coun-
try; wages $6. Box 1458, Call office.
WOMAN to do general housework; family of
2; $10 and good home; country. Box 1468, Cali. '
WANTED— Woman 25 to 35 years of age for
light housework and learn dressmaking. Call
after 12 m. : good home for right party. 116
Taylor st.
GERMAN girl for general housework; plain
COOktac; i^mall family. 3u5 Scott st.
<;IKI. hot ween 12 and 16 to mind child; hours
bet wen 10 and 12:30, 2 and 5:30. 2752 V* Bush. '
GIRL to help with light housework; sleep
home; wages $12. 59 McAllister st.
AN educated lady or gentleman to travel to
appoint local workere; salary and all ex-
penses; small security. Address 1970 Bush Bt.
HELP wAN r -J:D— Continued.
GOOD waitress. 604 Third st. V - ? ;
GOOD cook and housekeeper; city or count
•references. Address MRS. J. W., box 10, Call
• office. Oakland. ■
COMPETENT lady agents Wanted to handle
high-grade toilet articles. l -21 Mission st.
VOLUNTEER singers for St. Patrick's Day
celebration; rehearsal Monday evening. J.
W. McKENZIE. .524 Eddy st.
LADIES, send me date of your birth. lock of
hair, I will predict your future in love. _ fa m
ily, business, money and h ea l ' H B wife or
pen picture of your future husband, wife or
, sweetheart affinity, and give you book tell-
ing how to read people's minds, influence
them to love or obey you. All postpaid. joe
silver, or I will send all above with new
Marriage Guide, volume of Female Secrets
and Dream Book for 20c. PRO*. B. B.
ARGO. box 1207, Boston, Mass.
' COME! . COME! 4 ? £ E !
Learn dressmaking and millinery at the Mc-
Dowell School, the only school receiving gold
medals and diplomas: now is the time to en-
ter: unlimited lessons; easy payments, pat-
terns cut to fit, 25c up: hats trimmed free.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery
_ School. 103 Post st. ; send for circulars.
WANTED— Experienced operators to work on
flannel, white and fancy shirts. Standard
Shirt Factory, Gough and Prove ats.
EXPERIENCED bands on ladies' waists and
skirts; factory work' no dressmakers. 409 A
Turk st. " v • ' i
WANTED^-Girl to do general housework. Ap-
ply MRS. RULLP. 601 Hayes st.
STRONG young woman of refinement who un-
derstands massage. 402% Geary st. : _j
LADIES— Rooms respectable house, from 25c
night and $1 50 week. 142 Seventh st.,. Girard
House.
OPERATORS on steam power sewing machines
to make Lev! Strauss & Co.'s riveted cloth-
' ingr. Apply MR. DAVIS, BtH Fremont st.
MEN and women learn barber trade in 6
weeks. PROF. TOM CRQKER. 346 Seventh.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jewelry;
low interest. . UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ay.
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist. 14 McAllister
st. monthly troubles, etc.; 1 visit sufficient.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; "patterns 25c. McDOWELL'S. 103 Post.
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School. 1079 Market
st.; Perfect fit; no trying on; trial free.
615 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
~~~ -MALE "fl'A NTEI).^
HALF FARE PAID ; ~
For 56 laborers to build a large railroad,
wages $26 and found; see one of the directors
at our office. MURRAY ft READY, Lead-
ing Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
BLACKSMITH for a camp; blacksmith's helper
for a shop near city, $35 and found; German
blacksmith's helper for a ranch. $25 and
found: 25 laborers and teamsters, city jobs,
$1 75 day. $1 60 and $25 per month and found.
; MURRAY & READY. Leading Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay St.
25 FARMERS orchard and vineyard hands,
$25, $20 and $15 for different places; 3 chore-
boys. $5. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636
i 'lay st.
10 GO MONDAY. —
March 7, IS:<>>; 12.". nun as common laborers.
"no experienced," at $26 per month and
found, to build a large mad for a large cor-
poration. MURRAY & READY, Leading Em-
ployment Agents, 634 and K6 Clay st
SHINGLE PACKER —
See boss here- buggy washpr and stable man,
$25 and $30 and found. MURRAY & READY.
Leading Employment Agents, 634 and 63t>
Clay st.
EMPLOYERS —
If you want first-class help, send to us; we
supply it free of charge MURRAY &
READY. Leading Employment Ageuts, 634
and i",36 Clay st. Telephone Main SMS
TO Tin: WOODS —
364 woodchoppers different places. $1 25 cord;
35K tie makers, Sc, !>c and 10c each. MURRAY
& READY. Leading Employment Agents, 634
and 636 Clay st.
5 COOKS. 4 waiters, 3 dishwashers. $6<l. $50. $35.
$40, $25, $lo: grocery clerk, city, ?25 and
found: pantryman. $25 and found. MURRAY
& REAI'Y. Leading Employment Agents. 634
and 636 Clay st.
50 RAILROAD LABORERS
2f> laborers to work in the woods, $26 and
board; logger, log with wire ropes. $60 and
board; 15 woodrhnpi^s, II 2.=> a cord, grub
and tools advanced; 3 farmers. $15: 2 chore-
men, $10; ram-h hlacks.nith. $20. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 108 Geary m.
second baker, country shop, $35 and found:
second cook, hotel, south. $40; cook, small
restaurant. Eureka. $40; fry cook, $16 a week;
lunchman. *20. C. R. HAN6EN & CO.. 108
Geary s=t.
4 W T AITERS. country hotel, $35 and free fare;
2 waiters, country, $.5. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. Vn\ Geary st.
MARKER and distributor. $12 a week: March-
er anil polisher. *."« and found. C. R. HAN-
SEN* & CO.. 10a Geary st.
4 MACHINE miners. $3 a day. shingle packer.
piece work; vegetable gardener, $20 and
board; eheesemaker. $30. R. T. WAPJi &
CO.. RAS and fiW "'lay Pt.
TO go to-morrow, half fare paid. 30 railroad
laborers for mill company at Eureka: steady
work: »26 and board. R. T. WARD & CO..
60S and filO <'lay st.
WANTED— MiIker, near city, $25 per month;
second cook for nice coffee saloon. $* week:
farmer fnr vineyard, $20; neat young man
to lenrn professional nursing and others. W.
I>. EWER & CO., 826 Clay st.
BOOKKEEPERS, salesmen, office men. clerks.
stenographers and competent people In all
clerical lines secure lucrative and permanent
employment through the Clerks' Exchange;
call and Investigate our system and see our
list of vacancies. 1023 Market St.. room 5.
[EMBERS' applications are placed for con-
sideration before business firms previous to
vacancy occurring: this plan saves delay, ex-
pense and annoyance: Investigate. Clerks'
Exchange, 313 Bush st. Enclose stamp.
IDENTICAL with the system of all well-estab-
lished mercantile institutions operated upon
the subscription or membership basis Is the
old "Reliable Clerks' Exchange Employment
Clearing-house," 313 Bush St.; maintaining
strictly confidential relations between the
employing business establishments and the
reliable help seeking to advance their posi-
tions; systematically investigating creden-
tials, submitting results, and ultimately
bringing the employer and applicant to-
gether, committing neither party, and going
over the same matter again and again un-
til both are suited; the supply being greater
than the demand the demand in supplied
"free of any expense whatever"; the supply
pays lo«.s than 10c per week. Inclose stamp
for catalogue.
THE Clerks' Exchange does not sell positions;
the management will not promise or guar-
antee situations; the business Is operated
strictly upon a subscription basis; investi-
gate. 313 Hush st.: 6 Pacific Coast offices;
one membership fee covers all.
WANTED— High grade man as corresponding
secretary; good salary. Enclose self-addressed
envelope to Secretary, box 1447, Call office.
WANTED— Man to learn our business, then to
do office work and correspondence; salary
$900 to right party. Enclose self-addressed
envelope to Manager, box 1445. Call office.
ACTIVE boy wanted for delivery wagon and
attend horses, liso Mission; Sunday morning.
8 MEN to go north for the summer: no experi-
ence necessary; long job. HERMAN'S. 26
Steunrt Ft.
TEAMSTER for wholesale grocery: stableman,
must be Al: young man to learn grocery
business. 1023 Market st.
SOLICITOUS wanted for tc milk; quart. 421
Eighth aye.. Richmond District.
MAN and wife. German preferred, to take
charge of ranch; vineyardist and winemaker;
ironer for laundry. 1023 Market st.
WAITERS and cooks at once; several orders;
all kinds of restaurant and hotel help. Room
6, 1023 Market st.
JANITOR for public Institution south: to keep
books and collect rents. 313 Bush st.
MAN and wife to manage the Sacramento
branch Clerks' Exchange. 313 Bush st.
HOTEL clerk, good buyer, able to keep books,
south. 313 Rush st.
IMPLEMENT and heavy hardware travelng
salesman; good connections; references. 313
Bush st.
VOLUNTEER -lagan tat St. Patrick's day
celebration ; rehearsal Monday evening. J.
W. McKENZIE. 524 Eddy St.
WANTED— Men and women: work home; I pay
$8 to $16 a week for making crayon portraits;
new patent method; any one who can read or
write can do the work in spare time, day or
evening; send for particulars at once. H. A.
GRIPP. German Artist. Tyrone. Pa.
$8 PER hundred paid for your neighbors'
names; Wankbook holding 600 names with
full instructions sent for 10 cents; also list
of 100 other f.rms who buy names. We also
give a gold alloy watch for distributing 100
samples. STAR CO.. 1642 Ohio St., Chicago.
PROGRESSIVE Barbers' Free employment. H.
BERNARD. Secy., 102 7th; tel. South 628.
AMATEUR musicians brass and string, to
join orchestra for social purposes. Apply A.
MATTHIEU. 32S Bush st.
FIRST-CLASS carriage painter, one who is a
good striper. Apply Bay View Carriage Fac-
tory. San Rafael. ;
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 105
Fourth st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolktn. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 -hird rt. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
WANTED— Piano player for country. Call be-
tween 10 and 1, at 109 Grant aye., room 8.
WANTED — An agent to sell teas and coffees
on commission. 2i)3 Fourth st.
BOY who lias worked at upholstering. Apply
at 314 Hayes st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps. United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of
21 and 3«1 year?, who are citizens of the
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become such: must
be of good character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 3 inches and 6 feet in height.
For further information apply at the re-
cruiting office, 20 Ellis St., San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED — 2 city and 1 country salesmen;
state experience, married or single and' ref-
erence. Address box 1514, Call Office.
GOOD man to sell Egry autographic registers.
_ PERXAU BROS.. Ml Clay street.
WAITER wanted. Manhattan House, 825 Bat-
tery st.
EXPERIENCED presser on cloaks at M. SIM-
INOFF'S. 122S Market st.
MEN to learn barber trade in eight weeks. S.
F. Barber College. 138^ Eighth st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry;
low Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. IS Grant ay.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st~ near
Market; 200 rooms, 2."iC a night; reading-room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from .he ferry.
ROSEDALK House. 121 Ellis— Rooms 25c to~sl
_night; $1 to $4 week; hot and cold baths.
MARKET, 4— Branch office of The Call; want
ads and subscriptions taken.
SINGLE rooms, 10c and 15c night; 75c and $1
•week. Llndell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
MARKET. 863V4 (Elcho flouse)— Rooms 20c, 25c
to 50c per night; II to $2 week.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House, Sr>7 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Empioym't Office. 8.
_FUCHS. Sec., 325 Grant aye. Tel. Grant IS6.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Cu.l.
Mant ads and subscriptions taken.
AGENTS WANTED.
WE "guarantee one agent in every county
$00 weekly Introducing our absolutely new,
greatest known discovery: one inexperienced
agent sold in CO out of 75 houses; over 1200
per cent profit; other household articles.
Como Manufacturing Co.. Omaha, Neb.
AGENTS wanted for two greatest selling
books: "War in Cuba," including destruc-
tion nf battleshin Maine, and "Life of Fran-
ces Wlllard." National Pub. Co.. Chicago.
WANTED— In every city on the coast for Rex
Incandescent Gas Lamps. J. HENDERSON
Stockton st.
"ONLY perfect vapor bath." Greatest seller
on earth. Hygienic Bath Cabinet Co.. Nash-
ville, Term.
AN energetic, reliable lady to take the agency
of the quickest selling and best wearing
corset on the market: absolutely perfect: good
profits; to the right party will give exclusive
territory; If you want to get in the spring
trade make arrangements now. Address ST.
LOUIS CORSET COMPANY. St. Louis. Mo.
$V» per month selling Monarch Cabinet Vapor
Baths at home; laily or gentleman: price $5.
I'aolflc Supply Co., Flood building.
FURNITURE "WANTED.
FURNITURE wanted of small house' or flat
In exchange for fine building lot north of
i Park. F. W. FULLER. 19 Montgomery St.
HIGHEST prices to fill new building. S4O Mt«-
slon st.; tel. Mint 1821.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
gomery st. ; highest prices paid. Tel. Davia 71.
€15 LARKlN— Branch office of Th« Call; aub-
Fciipttons and want ids taken.
PARTNERS WANTED.
$500— PARTY or partner with $500 to.- Join in
"opening sanitarium for cure of chronic dis-
eases under remedy wholly effective, and sole
rights' thereto secured. Box 1355, CaH.
LADY with elegant home wants middle-aged
or elderly gentleman as partner with means. ;
Box 1457. Call offlr-e.
: KLONDIKE manufacturer at Dawson: partner
wanted with $2000: reference. Address box
• 1454. Call.
$100— PARTNER in paint store. Address 106
Eleventh St.. box 16. ■ - .
R00..1S WANTED.
3 OR 4 unfurnished rooms or small flat: family
of 2: north of Market, eaat of Larkln: must i
be sunny and reasonable. Address box 1457,
Call Office.
' WANTED— For 1 gentleman. 1 or 2 unfurnish-
ed rooms In private 'family. Box 1478, Call. •
WANTED— By 3 adults, sunny 4 or 5 room flat;
Mission or Western Addition. 1031 Market St.,
room a. • • • •• .. •
I ■
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
■ WANTED — Board by young man, bet. Powell
and Van Ness. Geary and Bush: state price.
Box 1467, Call office. • • •
WANTED — Free home for bright ( country girl
9 years old. Inquire 131 Taylor st. • - ';.
MAN and wife want 3 furnished rooms and
bath for housekeeping; rent not more than
$12 a month; or 3 unfurnished rooms with
hath: rent not more than $10 a month.
Box M 32. Call Office.
FURNISHED HOUSES WANTED.
RESPONSIBLE couple want the ■ care " of a
dwelling during absence of owner: best refer-
ences. Box 1481, ("all office. ■■ , ■
WANTED small family, furnished flat. 7
rooms, bath: ref. exchanged; Box 1393. Call.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
BABY buggy; must be cheap; good condition:
state price. Box USfi. Call office.
WANTED — Branch bakery, notion store; living
rear rooms. Call or address 2*>ll Sixteenth st.
YOUNG milch cow wanted. P. H-. box 16.
Elmhurst, Cal.
WANTED— SSOOO worth of second-hand tools
and machinery. 6.54 Mission st.
WANTED — 100 goats for feeding the animals.
Address the Zoo. rhutes. city.
KENO layout. Address, giving description and
price. 1813 Goss St.. Oakland.
SECOND- HA ND blacksmith tools wanted at
once. 204 Mission st.
PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus; »econd-
hand. 109 Montgomery st.
PA WN'BROKER-rOlil gold, silver. cast-off
clothing bought. And. COLEMAN. 41 Third.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines. 2d band machinery- Mo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 137 Beale st.
CONCERT sixo~guitar worth $18 for $7 50;
Btewart piccolo banjo worth $20 for $6.
UNCLE HARRIS, IE Grant aye.
FOR sale— Choice goose eggs for breeding pur-
poses. 412 Eureka St.
FOR sale— A good cow, just calved. Apply at
385 Dolores St., between 16th and 17th.
BEAUTIFUL oil painting for sale cheap. Box
1465. Call office.
ESTABLISHED II years: loan office. Apply
after 2 p. m.. 231 Third st.
LATEST style hood top baby buggy, cheap;
with extra seat. Box 1444. Call office.
COLUMBIA bicycle, model '96; almost new.
Address 1465. Call office.
ONE National wheel in good order; $10. 282
Linden aye., near Gough st.
OFFICE desk and folding bed combined. $15;
also gentleman's bicycle, $i*. S2l Howard.
BARS, bnck bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond hand. J. NO<">NAN. 1017-1019-1021-1033
Mission St.. above Sixth.
WELL-established billiard parlor and saloon;
handsomely fitted up and thoroughly
equipped: owners going to Dawson. Frank's
Billiard Parlors. 6, S. 10 and 12 Eddy st.
HOUSE-MOVER'S outfit and ' shop for sau7
431 Hayes st.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; Tel. So. 757.
WHISKY. Kentucky, '97; bonded warehouse.
San Francisco: 3<>c gallon. Address STAND-
ARD LIQUOR CO.. San Francisco.
ENGINE, boiler, dynamo, motor, belts and
pump. H. S. WHITE, 516 Mission st.
SAFES — New and second-hand: cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc. 533 Sacramento.
1 AND 2-bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
S \ FES— Bargains in new and second-hand; all
sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
GHAPHOPHOXES, JIG; Records. *5 per dox. ;
Projectoscope, $100. Bacigalupi. 933-04G Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARS, showcases, r-ounters. shelving, etc..
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
FOR sale cheap— Second-hand fireproof safe,
at 42 Main st.
TYPEWRH ERS.
YOST, good order, $25; send for sample worfc^
SCOTT & BANNAX, 333 Montgomery »U
PERSONALS.
WIDOWER, age 42. mechanic, earning $1000
yearly, would like to meet a lady in moder-
ate circumstances; view to matrimony. Ad-
dress A. P. 8., box 1456, Call office.
GENTLEMAN, age 30. has rich claim Klon-
dike, wishes lady of some means to accom-
pany him. Box 1479. Call office.
GENTLEMAN of means, 40, wishes acquaint-
ance of lady under 20. Box H73. Call office.
WILLIAM BALLARD of Portsmouth. England,
can hear good news by sending his address
to T. H. WAY. Alameda.
MARRY— Names, addresses and desc of ladies
or gents. 10c. CUPID, box 1454. Call office.
MATRIMONIAL.
ALL seeking marriage, call or send 10c for
February "Wedding Bell"; 14 pages; no $5 re-
quired. Editor. 11l Ellis st, San Francisco.
BUSINESS PERSONALS.
THE correct dressing of the hair is highly im- I
portant; my artists are currect; 25c only, j
Good switches. $1: best, finest quality, $3 ."u; i
extra heavy, long. $5. Open Sundays from 9
to 12. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
QUINONIA Hair Tonic stops falling or thin-
ning out. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
I established the price of 25c for hairdressing <
and employ only the best artists: good :
switches $1; best, finest quality, $3 50; extra '■
heavy, long. 15; open Sundays Irum & to 12.
O. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
LADIES, my monthly regulator never fails;
trial, 10c. MRS. ROWAN. Milwaukee, Wis.
11AG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest j
rates. GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth. Oakland. ;
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third st.. nr. Market; 200 rooms,
25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per week:
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made in
San Francisco at Eastern prices. WALTER
N. BRUNT, 535 Clay st.. 8. F.
AGENT wanted to take orders for merchant
tailoring. NEUHAUS & CO., 115 Kearny.
QUINONIA Hair Tonic accelerates growth: per-
fectly harmless. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton. !
MISS ANDERSON, baths, massage; Swedish
movement. 906 Market, room 25. second floor.
NEW method massage, electric treatment; !
heated room. MRS. JOHNSTON, 514 Vi Geary. ;
TRUNKS moved. 25c. Commercial Transfer
Co., 22 Stockton st. : phone Main 19.
SI'IT to order on easy installments. L.
I.EMOS. 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Bth.
CLOAKS and tailor-made suits retailed at
wholesale figures. 20 Sansome st.
DRESSMAKERS.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses, ;
$o up; dresses made over. 6 Eddy St., rm. S6.
ALA. -wA ENTERPRISES.
KLON DIKE ~~— - ~-
Wanted — 15 more men to go to Dawson
City, leaving here about March 1 In the
employ of the Alaska Transportation. Trad-
ing and Mining Company; steady employ-
ment guaranteed on reaching Alaska; $500
cash required. For particulars call at com-
pany's offices, rooms 20 and 21. Chronicle
building, San Francisco.
KLONDIKE pack mules and burros for sale.
Horan Stockyards. Tenth and r.ryant sts.
THE swift sailer Helen W. Almy is ready to
leave for Copper River and Cook's Inlet about
March 10, ISSS; low rates for passage and ■
freight. Apply at once to owners, MOHNS &'■
KALTEXBACH, 29 Mnrket st.
KLONDIKERS— By using the Eureka Klon- j
dike portable gold washer you get more yel-
low stuff than you can carry: come and see
It before starting; it is the thing you need.
819 Bush st.
STRONG healthy young man wants to be
staked to the Klondike: can easily arrange.
Pn X 1^«, Call.
$5,000,000 IN sight: free gold; Shasta County:
want machinery: take partner or bond. Box
1507. Call.
KLONDIKE dogs: also Great Danes and Fox ,
terriers. KILLIP'S Sale Yard. I7SB Market st.
CHEAPEST and best Klondike stoves in the ]
world. HOLMES & CO.. 416-ttf Jackson st.
KLONDIKERS wishing information about out- '
fitting in Victoria, call or write F,nw Third.
DOGS for~Klondike: three Scotch collies, broke
for work. C. KRAMER, 408 Pacific st.
GENUINE arctic fur clothing; heavy woolen
clothing. L. LEVY. Battery and Jackson sts.
A— sl6s WHOLESALE will outfit you for Alas-
ka: everything complete, ticket included, for^l
year. For particulars call or address DOWN-
ING. HKtf Devisadero st. ; reference given.
STEAMBOAT companies wishing tn get cap-
tains, pilots, barge pilots of 20 years' expe-
rience for light draught boats can get same
by applying 2 Cal. St. capt. F. H. Lruthers.
OCEAN or river steamers, sailing vessels and
launches for sale. H. G. SHAW, 4 Sutter.
DOGS for Klondike— 2s strong dogs for imme-
diate use. 510 Van Ness aye.
WHAT you must have— The only makers of the
genuine Klondike moccasin on this Coast.
Pacific Shoe Co., m First st.
KLONDIKE provisions, lowest prices, packed
and delivered to boats. SBARBORO & CO..
■wholesale and retail grocers. 531 Washington.
. 1.01M.1M. HOUSES FOR SALE.
fißOOMsTnear Baldwin : bargain $ 250
60 rooms; new furniture; easy payments.. 3200
32 rooms, on Market: clears $250 2S<K>
10 rooms, on McAllister *J*>
24 rooms, on Kearny; clears $200 2*oo
22 rooms, near Baldwin Hotel .transient). 1300
30 rooms; central; 2 fronts; worth $1200... 000
Hotel in mining town: good bar a;;* 000
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market, opp. Fifth.
H~C DECKER— Office. 1020 Market, opp. sth.
Houses from 4 to 300 rms; prices $50 to. .$35,000
5-room fiat on Geary; new: payments.. 4aO
23-room house; sunny cor.: new fixtures. 900
10 rooms; cost $350: new and clean; only. 160
90 rooms: clears $250: nothing but cash. 2,500
20-room house on Tehama ; good 45H
$700—20 ROOMS; fine sunny corner; never
changed hands; elegant furniture; clears $lio; !
rent reduced. DBCKBR. IMP Market st.
$35*— 14 ROOMS: near City Hall: easily worth
$900; a snap. DECKER. 1020 Market, opp. sth.
$650^HOTEL: good country town; 25 rooms;
fine-paying bar; rent $56; clearing $150.
DECKER. MBO Market st.
KREDO £• *'0.. Successful Brokers. 22' 2 Geary.
Money to loan to customers: low rates.
67 rooms: elegant, sunny corner $.i.noo
26 room? ; Market ; clears $75 ; snap 4.Vi
23 room?: first-class; all rented 900
21 rooms; best in city: clears $85 800
20 rooms; monthly receipts $350 1.600
17 rooms; near Kearny; offices: transient 1.200
15 rooms ; clears $40 month 275
12 rooms: Third St.: rent $27 50 2<iO
11 rooms; all rented: corner, worth $600 325
12 rooms: Market: boarding; must sell.. 675
11 rooms; Ninth st. ; clears $60 month 450
10 rooms; all new; central and sunny.. 325
7 rooms: O'Farrell: clears $35 225
Many special bargains; best in this city.
$1600 — 20 rooms: fine sunny corner; never
changed hands; elegant furniture: worth
$880; clears JlfiO; low rent. KREDO & CO.
$350 — 10 rooms: clears $50: snap: must be sold;
Klondike. KREDO & CO.. 22H Geary st.
FOR SALE— Hotel of 40 rooms, including about
2 acres of benutiful grounds; only a few
hours' ride from San Francisco: will ex-
change for clear city property. Full particu-
lars of WINSTON & CO.. 646 Market st.
WANTED— Tenant for hotel of 40 rooms. Want
tenant for rooming house of 2S rooms. SPECK
& CO., 602 Market st.
FOR SALE— Coso lodging house, 115 rooms. 411
Sansome st.
40 ROOMS: double corner: furniture cost $5000;
has positively rleared $150 per month for 2
years: price $2250; 1-3 cash, balance easy pay-
ments. BUTLER SMITH. 14 Post st.
$100 Bum a 7-room furnished house; all full.
Call at F2l Howard st.
LODGING-HOUSE of 12 nicely- furnished
rooms for ?ale cheap. 340 Third St.
CARPET CLEAMX;.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works; cleans,
moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS. Mgr.
38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-57 Tehama «t. : tel. So. 40.
J. WATTS, reliable carpet-cloan'ns renovating,
alt-rntlon works. 413 McAllister; Jessie 321.
AhVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 4<>2 Suttor;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOJI, Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relnld at Jc.
BTRATTON. 3 Eighth »t. ; tel. .lefsle :>44
GREAT Eastern Stenm Carpet-cleaning
Works. 14 Sth at. B GRANT: tel. Jessie 201.
J E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co.. 2to 14th
St.: cleantng. 3c a yard: tel. Mission 74.
CONKLINS Carpet-beating Works. 333 Gold**
Gate aye. ; telephone East ltd
SEWIM; MAIHISKS.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
[ repairing; lowest rates. 206 Fourth st. J
BUSINESS '. CHANCES.
I cIGTR-STAND.Tc^rßaldwin Hotel .$ 950
SSSK-pSSRr snap:::! |00
randy store; worth, $500,. price •£■•»
>S af "a d ba^r^Sj^^?
r\KERY large oven; receipts $40 day; biggest
bargain ever offered. PgCK-KW. 1020 Market.
» ji-,i vvsTU'RXNT worth $300; fine tran-
A «Tenf 'trade; slckneVs cause at sale. KREDO.
22^. Geary st.
4. «"-- n- GROCERY, bar, dining room and fur-
A nthed room's; never changed hands; worth
$2000; better than Klondike. KREDO & CO..
.-'.■ Geary st. ■ __ .
A-11200: VARIETY, notions and branch bak-
erY: guaranteed to clear over JIW month
positively best in the city: full \alue in
Stock. KREDO « CO, 22>- : Geary st ■ •
A-1250: HOME bakery: bargain at $500; noth-
ing like it ever offered. KREDO ie CO., ■»
Geary at., ] -•-•••■:•-.
A-IMB; SALOON and lunch, near theaters;
SI $600-Saloon; best town near city. .
$600-Saloon: best town near city.
$t»0-Saloon: best corner north of Market.
Money Ioaned^JCREDO^CO-. H« Geary.
MSI CORNER grocery and bar; a bargain.
iU-O- Grocery and bar:- best corner in city.
— Very nice cigar store; good location.
WOO— Branch bakery and notions; paying wen.
Also several saloons and restaurants.
At ANDERSON & CO.'B. TH • Market st. -
OLD-ESTABLISHED grocery business; fine
stock; paying business; party retiring ac-
count age; also dwelling, 9 rooms; modern
improvements; stable: lot 125x130; easy terms.
Lock box 343, Napa.Cal. _^ r '
$1000— ONE-TENTH interest in advertising bus-
iness: at conservative estimate will net $0000
a year in S. F. : investor can handle his own
money. Apply. CAIIILL, 107 Sixth st.
PARTY leaving city will sell a paying business
at a sacrifice; stationery, notions, etc.: fur-
nished living rooms; no reasonable offer re- »
fused. Address box 1472. Call office. ■
BUTCHER shop for sale cheap; great bargaiDJ
everything new; horse, cart and cash outsid»
trade; no agent; retiring. Address Butcher,
box 6, Call Office, Oakland. - m
FOR RENT— fruit ranch, stock and Im-
plements, for sale: everything complete lot
poultry raising. Peralta aye. and Hopklna
St.. DIMOND, Fruitvale. '
PARTNER wanted in light business
suited to plain steady man; JIS to 125 a week;
no experience required: trial given. 9 Geary "^
st. room 2. >
LETTERS Sispatched bi-monthly ba D»w»oi|
City, $1 .■. :.. by Alaska Messenger Dispatch
Association, 424 Burke building, Seattle.
Wash.
GRAND opining for one with $500 cash; $2000
yearly sure; closest investigation granted:
call personally. K. BENJAMIN,. 11l Ellis^st.
$3000— CORNER lot. with a large- house near
narrow and broad gauge crossing, Ookland.
Address F., 2422 Polk St., San Francisco.
FOR sale at bargain— 4ss Clementina at.; sa-
loon and grocery, with 4 living rooms and
barn. Call and see proprietor.
$900— PARTNER attend office: cash business;
pays $300 mo. : O. K. 11SS and 1190 Mission st.
GET bakery an.! grocery at your price before
Monday at 1160 Seventh st., Oakland.
DAIRY produce business. 313 Fifth at.
RESTAURANT and bar for sale. Apply 107
Berry st.. near Third. " •
CHEAP; corner grocery and bar.' Box 1508.
Call office. ■ . . ,
ANY one who has from J5OOO to $25,000 to in-
. vest in the best dairy, hog and wood propo-
sition on the Pacific Coast will find it to
. their interest to write for particulars to
R. W. SWEET, Kirkwood, Cal. __
$150 INVESTED enables you to Join enterprise
now yielding 150 per cent monthly; no stock
or Klondike scheme; safe, practical success.
David Sloane, 110 St. Paul St.. Baltimore. Mi
FOR sale— ln a thriving country town, 65 miles
from San Francisco, an old-established' stove
and hardware store, with plumbing shop at-
tached. For further particulars: apply, to C.
BACKS, 536 Eddy st. ■ ;.
FOR sale, very cheap — A well-paying saloon,
lunch and lodging house in a prosperous
country town, on account of sickness. For
particulars apply at 130 Ninth at., S. GROSS-
MAX. -■■-.:..•■-•.
$275— BRANCH bakery and delicacy store. in-
cluding furniture; good location; nice living
rooms; rent $15; owner leaving ' city. Box
1402, Call office.
FOR sale— Paying grocery and bar; south o£
•' Market st.: must" sell on account of sickness.
WICHMAX, LUTGEN & CO., 318. Clay, st.
GOOD paying restaurant; average |15 per <Jajr;
low rent; Belling account of departure. Ap-
ply 2424 Mission st. - ■'- '- '
LARGE city paper route, growing territory, for
i • sale as a whole or part. Apply at Call office.
I OLD-ESTABLISHED restaurant for sale; good)
order: low rent: investigate. 249 Fouith st.
I FOR sale cheap, $200, stationery, toy, notion
• store; 4 rooms. 2115 Fillmore st.
GOOD saloon for sale; full stock: price $250.
Box 1442, Call office. ' -
GOOD-PAYING, cigar stand at a bargain. 33
Third st. ,
SHOE-REPAIRING shop for sale; good loca-
tion; owner wants to leave town. 525 Laguna.
BARBER shop for sale at a bargain: must be
sold in 10 days. Apply at 7 Fourth St. •
TO CAPITALISTS— SeveraI working miner*
having consolidated 250 acres free and cement
gold-bearing gravels, also large deposit South
African conglomerate and tailings, will sfll
all or part: good water facilities and roads:
SI mile.- from railroad; "b miles from Stock-
ton. Address box 143, <vuartz Mountain.
Tuolumne County, Cal.
FOR SALE — Country hotel. 20 rooms: nice club
hall; very fine bar: $200 stock; everything
new; very low rent; on account of sickness;
no agent;' 5- year lease. Exchange Hotel, Mar-
tinez. Cal.
FIRST-CLASS saloon: best location; receipts
from $15 to $45 per day; too much other busi-
ness; will sell for less than half value. Gro-
cery, cor. Sixth and Howard sts.
MONEY wanted on a patent; best show to
make money; traveling through United
States: better than the Klondike. Box 1406.
Call otfice.
FOR SALE — A cigar store* and laundry office;
good location; a sacrifice, r. IS Hayes st.
2 LEVEL city lots. 50x120; will trade; title per-
fect. 52 Eighth st.
$425— -Cigar store; northwest corner Kearny and
California sts.
FOR SALE— An old established jewelry store
in the heart of the Mission. ISOO Howard st.
3 MEN with $100 to open quartz and graVel
mine. Nevada County. 1145 Mission St.
A CHANCE FOR A FORTUNE:.!
THE NEW WALDO HOUSE.
76" Mission, bet. Third and Fourth. San Fran-
cisco: 94 rooms; all new beds: on one floor;
running full: cheap rent, long leaf •, privilege
of renewing same; on Investment of $2000 for
1597 eighty (^rti per cent per anr jm was real-
ized over all expenses, which can.be proved,
with even better prospects this year; for sale
on accoount of. failing health and old age.
Address as above or inq\iire on premises.
FOR SALK— Hotel close to railroad passen-
tcer depot in lively country town; every-
thing newly furnished and In good run-
ning order. For particulars apply to Me-
LEOPI & HATJE. 515 Market st.
BUTCHER shop for sale. Address box 1516.
Call office.
FOR sale— An old-establislied butcher shop, do-
ing a fairly good business; no reasonable
ofTer refused; owner leaving the State. In-
quire at 2109 Mission st.
PLAY the races on our new system; $60 a
week on $100 capital guaranteed or no charge
for services. The American Turf Bureau,
rooms 5 and 6. BCO Market st.. San Francisco.
ONE of the best-paying restaurants in the
rlty: investigate. 621-623 Montgomery st.
C< >KNKB grocery and bar; 2 living rooms; good
place for man and wife. 117 Fillmore st.
FOR sale— One of the best bakeries in the city.
Inquire at 1509 Polk st.
A GOOD private custom milk route for sai*
cheap. Inquire 707 Dtvisadero St., bet. Ful-
ton and Grove.
SALOON: good comer: bargain; northeast cor-
ner Third and Brannan sts.; no agents. W.
H. PAYNE. . -.:■•••-■.
NEWSPAPER routes and general new*
agency price $>"" cash: principals only. Ad-
dress Agent, box 124?. Call office.  . .
PATENTS— SMITH & OSBORN. Regisfd Pat.
Agents; established 1562. 319 Pine St.. city. _
MONET loaned on watches, diamonds, Jewelry:
low Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
PORTLAND agency this paper. Inquire this
: office or at IS3 Third st.. Portland, Oregon. _
COFFEE ami tea routes supplied from ' OEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento »L
mixes- .■:■■ \ .•
HAVE you a mine for sale, quartz, placer,
coal." asphalt."- or undeveloped prospects? . It
no. list them with us. Do you want to pur-
chase s-iili? 'Come and see us. , D. Clerks'
K\<-linni.-o. 313 Bush st. ' '' • • ■ "' l
"ATTORNEYS : AT j LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce laws specialty; private;
no- fee without success: collections/wills.
probate, Insolvency, "deeds, damages, mort-
" gages, copartnership, bllls-of-sale, . patents.
trademarks, etc. ; established 10 years. O. W.
"t HOWE, l att-at-law." 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE • freer vno '" charge unless successt'uL
W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
LIST DIFFERENT IN~EACH NEWSPAPER.
riLLMORE ST.-CHEAP BUILDING LOT.
•; $1100—27:6x110: on line of electric road; good
location for several small flats; this is a snap.
RICHMOND— GOOD INVESTMENT.
$2000— Rents $192 per annum; 2 flats of 4 rooms
and bath each; 25x120.
NO REASONABLE OFFER REFUSED.
$2500— Cottage of 6 rooms and lot on Pacific
_9t. ; could be easily converted into store and
flat and be made to pay a handsome interest
on Investment.
RESIDENCE ON DOLORES STREET.
52500— Very low on account of foreclosure of
mortgage; nice 2-story bay-window residence
of 7 rooms and bath, basement, etc. ; this Is a
pickup; Dolores st., the Van Ness aye. of the
..Mission.
COZY COTTAGE.
$2900— Post st. ; nice cozy bay-window cottage
. of 5 rooms and bath; brick foundation, etc.;
si one sidewalks; street accepted; nice loca-
tion; we will sell this on easy terms.
A GOOD INVESTMENT.
$4500—3 cottages of 6, 4 and 4 rooms and bath
eaoh. bringing In $39 per month; 50x59:8; buy
this, occupy one and collect the rent from the
others; a good locate., in the Western Addi-
tion.
FORECLOSURE SALE-FLATS.
$5750— Rents $570 p.-r annum; 2 elegant nearly
n*w flats of 6 and ." rooms and bath each;
modern; 27:6x106:3; Stelner St.; an offer wonted.
ANOTHER GOOD INVESTMENT.
$6500—2 substantial flats of 5 and 6 rooms and
bath each and cottage of 4 rooms and bath:
always rented at $576 per annum; Oak st. and
Lily aye.; only a few blocks from Market st. ;
25x120; 2 frontages; this Is a fine investment.
AN ELEGANT RESIDENCE AT A BAR-
GAIN.
$7000— An elegant modern Eastlake residence
of 12 rooms and bath, basement and attic;
• ■renting for $900 per annum; 25x100; very nice
location in the Western Addition.
THREE MODERN FLATS.
..• $7250 — 3 modern flats of 6, 5 and 4 rooms and
bath and laundry, etc.. each; rents $500 per
annum; Post st. ; 25x57:6; owner will refuse no
reasonable offer.
ELEGANT MANSION NEAR THE PARK.
$10,000— Eastlake house of it rooms and bath,
With lovely grounds- 50x137:6.
GOOD INTEREST ON INVESTMENT.
$11.000— Rents $996 per annum: 4 fine modern
Cats and cottage; 2 lots; double frontage.
OWNER LEAVING FOR EUROPE.
$13,500— An elegant mansion of 17 rooms. 2
baths, etc. ; modern in every particular; must
be seen to be appreciated: a choice part of the
Western Addition; 27:6x120; 2 frontages.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate Rec-
ords." which contains a list of properties for
sale In all parts of the city.
O. H. UMBSEN _ CO..
14 Montgomery st.
FOR sale by CRIM & CO., Real Estate, House
and Insurance Brokers, US Montgomery st.
$35.000— Fine corner on Post St.; 3 frontages;
70x60.
$30,000— Mission St.. near Sixth: 2 stores and
rooming-house of 30 rooms; 30xS0.
SH.MO-< lillfornia st., near Fillmore; double |
house and cottage: 34x137.
$9000— Business corner on Twenty-thirl Ft.; |
well rented and in good condition; 40x30.
$6500— Folsom St., near Sixth; stores and flats; ;
rents $57: 37x90; part cash.
$6500— Bay St., near Hyde; 7 rooms and tath;
fine view; 52x137.
$6250— Make an offer; Fulton st., near Octavia ;
4 flats; rents $55; 25x57:6.
$5500— Howard St.. near Seventeenth; 8 rooms |
end bath; 25x95.
$8600— Ninth st., near Folsom; 25x100 to rear
■ street, with shop and flat.
$4000— Natoma st., near Sixth; double house of
6 rooms each; 25xS0; mortgage of $1400.
$4000— Tehama st., near First; front and rear j
house; 4 flats; 25x?0.
$3250 — Twenty-second St., near Harrison; 4
flats: 25x100; make offer.
$3000— Cottage; Twenty-third st., near How-
ard; 5 rooms and bath; 30x100.
$2800— Corner Bryant and Twenty-third Bts. ;
4-room house on rear of lot; 26x100.
$2250 — Good 7-room house; stable; Diamond
et., near Twentieth; 27:6x125.
VACANT LOTS.
$20,000— Market st., 62 feet, with L of 42 feet
on Noe; part cash.
$$500— Corner Howard and Eighteenth; 50x90.
$6600 — Mission, near Twenty-first; 33x122:6.
Corner Twentieth and Diamond; 125x110.
$3500— Fulton, near Fillmore; 32x137; fine
neighborhood.
Corner Twenty- third and Treat: MxSO.
$2750 — Cor. Bryant and Twenty-second; 50x100.
$2250— Twenty-fourth, near Alabama; street
accepted.
$2250 — Cor. Twenty-second and Florida; 60x100.
$1250 — Twenty-third, near Harrison; 25x95;
make otter.
. tit*'- 1 — H*rr!.«"-. near Twenty-second; 25x100.
i;2sf-Misßisslppl. near Nineteenth; 30x100;
view.
$1100— Twenty-third, near Castro; 25x114; in-
stallments.
$1050— Alabama, near Twenty-second; 26x100.
$1000— Eighth aye., near Point Lobos; 25x120.
$1000— Dolores, near Thirtieth; 25x100; wide st.
$1000 — Henry, near Castro: 25x115; easy terms.
$750— Diamond, near Twenty-third; 25x114.
$75>>— Cheap; Twenty-eighth, near Church;
£5:&xll4.
$700 — Twelfth aye., near 1 St.; sewered and
macadamized.
$4V>— Twelfth aye., near X St.; 25x120.
$300 — Laldley, near Roanoke; well located; 25x
100.
Cheap lots In all the homesteads on easy
terms.
CRIM & CO., 115 Montgomery st.
MCAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery St.. San Francisco, Cal.
Near Park Panhandle, modern flats; rented
for $60; lot 25x100; price $6250; a fine buy.
THIS MUST BE SOLD.
Webster, near O'Farrell, good flats; rented
for $60; price reduced to make quick sale; $6500.
A fine 6-room cottage on the east side of
Fillmore St., near Fell; lot 25x100; price $4600;
very easy terms.
Page st., near entrance to Park; fine modern
flats just built and rented for $80 monthly; lot
25x100; price $8250.
SOME VERY CHEAP LOTS.
A fine sightly corner in Presidio Heights;
37:6 xl must be sold at once; the price is
very low.
Northeast corner of Sanchez and Jersey; 33x
75; price reduced to $1100.
Green st., near Scott; 27x127; only $2300.
Seven beautiful building lots, southwest cor-
ner of Devlsadero and Vallejo sts.; sightly lots
and low priced ; ■ $100 per front foot.
Twenty-second st., west of Church: 25:6x114;
a fine view of the city; $800.
We are offering some very cheap lots on Pre-
Bldio Heights and Pacific Heights; call for par-
' ticulars.
WILL BUILD! WILL BUILD.!
We will build to suit purchaser on any of
the above lots on very easy terms.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
lAS Montgomery Ft.. San Francisco, Cal.
LAST TUESDAY WAS
THE FIRST.
And the landlords were happy. Think of the
thousands of rent payers whose hands went
into their pockets to pay out their hard-earned
cash To-day they find themselves just as far
ah»ad as they were five years ago— they have
absolutely nothing to show for all the money
they have parted with.
Why nnt turn over a new leaf and be your
own landlord? Why not look into and Investi-
gate the plan which allows you to buy a home
with your monthly rent money? When you
have eeen how comfortable and cozy, how
modern and handsome the Heyman Tract
homes are. what a fine neighborhood they are
In and how easily they can be reached by the
streetcars, you will understand at once why
70 otljer families have adopted this means nf
providing themselves with a home. Take Mls-
eion-st. cars, transfer to 22d to Hoffman aye.,
where MR. JAMES A. COTTER, resident
agent, will show the property. JACOB HEI-
MAN. 11 Montgomery st., for particulars.
CHICKEN ranch, containing 15 fine level lots,
at a bargain; 3 blocks from electric road; $10
monthly JACOB HEYMAN. 11 Montgomery.
26:6x100— CORNER Noe and 23d; fine business
corner- all street work done; easy payments.
JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery st.
$50 AND upward— Buiding lots in all parts of
the city: close to car lines: $5 monthly. JA-
COB HEYMAN. 11 Montgomery St.
jf.o DOWN and $13 35 monthly will buy a new
4-room and bath cottage, just built, with
level lot; convenient to cars; good neighbor-
hood; 5 already sold. JACOB HEYMAN. 11
Montgomery et.
$100— LOTS In Sunset District on $5 monthly
payments. JACOB HEYMAN. 11 Mont-
gomery st. - - --.
$18.500— WORTH $22,000— RENT Sl») —
Elegant retail business property; dry goods
store and 2 flats; covering lot 50x110.
A Rare Bargain. |
$7f>oo— Elegant residence of 8 rooms and .
Lath: sunny side; McAllister, near Laguna; j
house cost the money.
$14. WhV- Business property: Howard St., next
to corner of Sixth; rent $95.
$13/iOO— W. A. grocery corner; 2 stores and
flat; rent $90.
$55,000— Rent $412 a month.
Down town property; large lot; mortgage
$34,000 can remain.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO.. 628 Market ft.
FOR RALE— Bargain; beautiful house of 2 flats,
on sunny side of O'Farrell st. ; each flat 6
rooms and bath; open for Inspection. 2134
O'Farrell St., near Broderick.
CITY RB.xL. ESTATE.
MADISON & BURKE, Real Estate Agents;
established 186S; 62« Market «t.
Several business investments, from $40,000 to
$60,000. In downtown property; call at office
for particulars.
$7000— Elegant residence, 7 rooms and bath;
lot 34:10x117; on west side Howard, near 24th.
Down-town investment— Bush St.. between
Montgomery and Kearny; 3-story building; lot
34:4x112:6; make an offer.
$10,500— Jackson Ft., near Devisad»ro; 2 mod-
ern houses; 9 rooms and bath; lot 44x137:6.
$5200— Rents $540; Rausch St., near 7th and
Howard; 23x112.
Must be sold; 2 fine flats on Hayes St., near
Buchanan; lot 27:6x120 to rear street; rents
very low; $55; price reduced from $9000; mane
, offer.
; 3 flats, inside of Larkin, nr. Geary; new; lat-
I est improvements: good-size lot; centraii} lo-
cated: rents $110 per month, paying o\er »
per cent net; a rare opportunity for a good
investment; price $12,500.
$4500— Bush st.. near Devisadero; 7 rooms and
bath; lot 23x137:6,
$2700— Church St., near Twenty-first; cottage
5 rooms and bath; lot 26x120.
$2000— House and large stable; Twenty-fifth
! St., near Douglass; lot 50x114.
[ $3500— Rents $36 per month; Clementina St.,
! near Third; lot 25xsO.
i $2500— Shipley st., near 4th; large house; lot
j 25x75.
i $2000— Post et., near Baker; cottage and lot;
27:6x137:6.
! We have a large list of cottages at less than
I cost that must be sold for benefit of loan a«so-
I clations; call at office for permit to inspect.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
[ Corner on Haight and Octavia sts., 1 block
[off Market; 37:6x100; offered low; one-half pur-
chase can remain at 6 per cent.
' $7500— 16 th, bet. Sanchez and Noe; £.0x103:6.
| Corner, only $2250; California and Locust sts.;
37:6x1"T -7.
Residence: corner lot; NE cor. of Bush and
Lyon sts.: 2Cxl00; price $3000; make offer.
Near corner Leavenworth and Sacramento;
37:6x75:11; elegant location for flats; $2500.
$3000— Corner Lombard and Octavia; 46:oxlOO.
$2750— Clay St., near Spruce: 27:6x12. :8.
$2000— 25 th St., west of Diamond; 80x114.
Sl7s>>~ Union, near Webster; 25x100.
$1250— Sixteenth st., near Castro; 25x100.
$1000— Fourth aye., near Point Lobos; 20x120
$900— California St., near Twelfth aye.; 25x100.
$300—2 lots on B St.. near 35th aye.
MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market St.
JOHN PFORR, removed 1 to 403 Pine at., opp.
the Nevada Bank building.
$4250, reduced from $5000— A strictly modern
built cottage of 6 elegant rooms, bath, etc.; |
fronting Panhandle Park; only 4 years built;
building alone cost over $4000; lot 25x137:6.
$H,OO0 — Three ' 2-story and basement bay- ]
window houses, 7 rooms and bath each; on
Haight St.. near Fillmore; lot 65x137:8.
$4500— Front and rear houses on Jessie St.,
near the Emporium: 8 rooms; rent $35.
$700 each— 2 lots. 33:4x100 each, near Twenty- i
fourth st.. Potrero.
$1600— Only $1000 cash wanted, balance on i
mortgage can remain; lot on Seventeenth St.,
near Folsom. 24x100, Improved: a snap.
$17,000 A prominent corner property in West-
ern Addition; store, flat, separate dwelling and
stable; rent $130.
$2700— Renting at $28; two 2-story houses, near
Pacific and Taylor sts.; always rented.
$8250— Renting at $65; two 2-story stylish, high
basement houses; 8 rooms and bath each; lot
33x96V4 ; in prominent part of the Western Addi-
tion; a snap.
$9250— A magnificent double flat of modern
construction, on a corner, opposite Panhandle
Park; rent $67 50. .
$16,000— Renting at $160; a nearly new 3%-story
modern built apartment house of 42 rooms; 6
baths and other modern conveniences; lot 44
x 97:6; a splendid investment.
$10,000— Ninth St.. near Mission; 2-story and
basement; lot 25x75.
Only 2 left of 2-story and basement double
flats of 5 and 6 rooms each; near Sixth and
Bryant sts.; renting at $25; for sale at $2400
each; the biggest bargain out.
$15,600— McAllister-st. property: rent
$130; 2 stores below; 2 flats upstairs and large
lot; best business portion of the street.
$15,000— Downtown ■ business property; rent
$170; 2 stores below and lodgings upstairs.
At a reduction to $5950 from $6500, rent $60.
4 flats of 4 and 6 rooms; lot 25x125 feet to rear
street; on Geary St., near Devlsadero.
At a reduction to $6150: rent $47; a business
property; fine 3-story house on Geary St..
one block from Fillmore; store and rooms be-
low and two separate fiats upstairs; paying
over 9 per cent.
$25,500 will buy an elegant business corner,
paying good rent, and Is sure to Improve to
$50,000.
$5000— Fronting on the Panhandle Park;
' lovely house of 6 rooms and bath; lot 25x100.
Reduced to $4000 from $6000; 2-story and base-
' ment brick house on a principal street 4 blocks
from Market St.; 2SxSO; rent $35.
$1100^ — Cottage on the Potrero and lot 25x100;
oa installments very cheap.- ft i: .-.-••-,-
UNIMPROVED.
$550— Noe St.. near Thirtieth. 30x112. :
$3100— Fine comer lot on Fillmore.
$800— No.? St.. near Thirtieth: lot 36:6x75.
A. HORIGER. ~~~ LOUIS A. SOUC.
L. A. SOUC & CO.,
Real Estate and Insurance Brokers.
.... .. . . ....
Houses Rented. Rents Collected.
465 and 467 Valencia street, near Sixteenth.
As we make a specialty of Mission property,
and are right on the spot, we can save you
time and money by calling on us at once.
$6250 — 28x100; Valencia St., near 19th; store
and house of 8 rooms and bath; best block in
the Mission.
$850— Lot 25x114: ISth St., nr. Church.
$6000—24x90; Mission St.; a bargain; 3-story
bulding, containing store and 2 flats; 5 rooms,
bath; each In Al order.
$800— 25x114; Jersey st., nr. Church; I
lots.
$S500— 50x80; Mission st.: Just the place for
stores and flats.
$Sso— Lot 25x114; 20th St., near Dolores.
$r)0oo— 25x105: Guerrero St.; modern home;
bay-window house of 8 rooms and bath.
$650— Lot 25x100; Sanchez St., nr. 18th.
20x100; 16th St.. nr. Valencia; old im-
provements: fine location for store and flats.
$1000— Lot 25x114: 23d St., near Sanchez.
$6750—60x115; 17th St.. nr. Guerrero; house of
8 rooms, bath; stable and driveway.
$1000— Lot 25x114; 27th St.. near Guerrero.
$2600—24x75; San Carlos, nr. 20th; cheap home;
6 rooms and bath. L. A. SOUC & CO.,
• 465-467 Valencia St., nr. Sixteenth.
YON RHEIN & CO., Real Estate Agents and
Auctioneers,
636 Market St.
IMPROVED.
$10, R00— Cor. Dupont and Francisco: 45:10x68:8.
$8200— Mission, nr. 20th; 30x122:6; 2 stores; flat,
7 rooms, bath; rent $60.
$SoOo— Golden Gate aye., nr. Scott; 27:6x110;
2 Huts, 13 rooms; rent $57.
$7500— California, nr. Leavenworth; 23x117:6;
3-story bay-window house, with rear cottage;
! rents $62.
$62.')0— Broadway, nr. Kearny; 20x77:6.
$5500— Pacific, nr. Polk; 25x100.
$:,s"'>— Cor. Bryant and Zoe; 35x97:6.
Ifwyuv-webster, nr. Fulton; 25x84:6.
$1700— Bernard, nr. Jones; 23x60; cottage and
stable.
$1500— Salmon, nr. Pacific and Mason; 20x60;
rent $20.
UNIMPROVED.
25x120; Boye and Rose aye. ; 3 lots.
25x85; 13th, nr. Stevenson; 2 lots.
25x100; Valencia, bet. 13th and 14th; 4 lots.
$2500— Oak, nr. Devisadero; 25x92.
! $1100— Lombard and Pierce; 22:11x90.
! 22:11x80; Lombard, nr. Pierce; 5 lots.
22x137:6; Pierce, nr. Lombard; 2 lots.
Ashbury and 18th; 3 lots, 25x95 each.
$500— Eighth aye.. nr. L St.. S. S. F. ; 120x100.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM A. FIRST FLOOR,
CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
SECURE A HOME.
Positively Best Bargains: Easiest Terms'
$100. $150 to $260; level building lots near
. Mlsßlon-st. electric cars; only $5 monthly.
! SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
SUNSET HEIGHTS LOTsl
$400, $450 to $850; graded officially; superb
: view; $25 down and $10 monthly.
! SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
RICHMOND LOTS^
$400, $450 to $800; choicest building lots;
streets graded and sewered; $25 down; $10
monthly. SOL GETZ &. BROTHER.
$1350 to $1800: choice, almost new, cottage in
Richmond and Sunset Heights; easy payments.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Call for maps and diagrams,
SOL GETZ &. BROTHER,
Room A, Crocker building.
' CHEAP home; easy terms; $800 cash; $600
monthly Installments; $600 long time. 144 Mis-
sissippi st.
$400 — VERY cheap lot on Chenery st.. near
Roanoke; street work done: owner Is very
anxious to sell. McEWEN BROS.. 118 Mont-
gomery st^ _
5 R.. bath: new; a beaut; $200 cash: $15 mo.
buys it. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market st.
IF you intend building, let me submit an esti-
mate with plans, otc; no charge; best of ref-
erences, bonds, etc. W. W. REDNALL.
builder, 1326 Hayes st.
KENT rent: pay to yourself; delightful; new
.'-room cottage and lot: all known improve-
ments: street work complete; Funny Mission;
installments; $12 to $15 monthly: no pay-
ment down: vacant lots taken. Address box
1505, Calljpfflcc.
WANTED for cash — Two or more lots; Mission
homesteads; or Gift's maps. Dolan Building
and Contracting Co., 1223 Cortland aye.
Ts a whole or In subdivision, choicest resi-
dence site: giving best land and land view;
fronting public park: sheltered from wind and :
fog; only 2 blocks from Halght and Baker I
sts at cor. Buena Vista aye. and Broderlck j
Bt. C. E. FABNL'M, 305 Parrott buiding.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 6, 1898.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
PAYS 12 PER CENT.
THREE FLATS.
j $5000, may be less— Rent $31; close to Union
: Iron Works; the best locality In the city for a
sure income; this is a splendid Investment and
you shuuld investigate it.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
i 10 Montgomery st.
BEST LOTS IN RICHMOND.
$1000 for 26x120; Third aye., bet. Clement and
California sts.; street work done; very easy
terms.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery at.
WOULD EXCHANGE^
HANDSOME RESIDENCE.
$Ssoo— Up-to-date house on Pacific Heights;
contains 10 rooms and all conveniences; mort-
I gage of $4500; would exchange equity for va-
t cant lots.
BALDWIN _ HOWELL,
I 10 Montgomery st.
A SPLENDID OPPORTUNITY.
Van Ne*s aye., not far from Market.
$50.00u — Make an offer; large unimproved cor-
ner; over 100 feet frontage on Van Ness aye.;
extra deep.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
A SNAP.
$4600— Rent $35 net; no water and no repairs;
good business location; lot 25x75; Folsom st.,
I very close to Third.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
' Only $500 cash, balance same as rent— Pine
I St., near Broderlck; 2-story bay-window resi-
dence of 8 rooms, bath, etc.; extra large lot;
foreclosure sale and a great bargain.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
COTTAGE CLOSE
TO TOWN.
$2500— Larkin st., near Lombard; cottage of 6
rooms; lot 25x100; rent $20.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
| 10 Montgomery st.
■■ $4000— DOLORES-st. corner; part of lot vacant;
plenty of roo*i for flats; 33x91; with new 7
rooms and bath residence; a bargain.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
! A— 526,000; gi-eat sacrifice; cost over $60,000; by
j order of absent owner; very handsome mod-
j crn residence in Western Addition; contains
16 rooms and all modern conveniences; lot
100x137:6; stable and carriage house; beauti-
ful grounds, etc.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
BIG INTEREST^
$2250— Rents $29 B0; lot 25x80, with tenements.
| In a splendid renting locality, bet. Third and
Fourth sts.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery .-;t.
BIG BARGAIN.
$5500 only — Splendid 2-story residence of t
i rooms and bath; lot 25x122:6; best residence
portion of Howard st.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
VERT HANDSOME COTTAGE.
$3000— Second aye., near Clement St.; cottage
of 6 rooms and bath; lot 25x120; mortgage
i can stand.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
j 10 Montgomery st.
I FOR SALE— Lot r.OxlOO: in Bay Park Home-
, stead: $300. Apply 123 Germania st.
I C. C. BEJIIH,
REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT.
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
Choice building lot on Army and Twenty-
seventh sts. ; close to electric road.
$5000 — G»od corner for store; must be sold;
1 lot 62:4x60 feet.
$6700—60x127:6 feet on Jackson St.. overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay.
i 50-vara on Page st. ; panhandle or park.
$300— Choice building lots north of park.
Bargain— Southwest cor. Fifth aye. and C
; «t. ; 108x95 feet.
FOR SALE— University Mound Tract, lot 2.
block 116; 100x120 feet. JOS. LAWLER. 652
Fifth st., or 2545 Seventeenth
RARE chance for home; bargain; new cottage
5 rooms, stable, bath. Box 1449, Call.
TO exchange for small ranch near town, 2 flats
of 4 and 5 rooms, bath; fine street; electric
cars pass the door. Inquire at 934 Dolores St.
2 FLATS and large lot; must be sold; cheap.
Inquire meat market. 576 Howard Bt.
$3000 EACH— For sale. 3 elegant new houses,
ettuated 1 block from Golden Gate Park at
corner of Shrader and Beulah sts. ; contain 7
to 9 rooms each and all modern conveniences:
don't fall to see them; terms easy; houses
open. Apply on premises.
NEW house, 7 rs.. bath: easy terms: Mission:
swap, part paymt for lot. BABIN. 413 Kearny^
BIG bargain — 6 modern Western Addition flats.
$16,008; renting for $133 50; $7000 can remain
on mortgage. Pr.ptufflce box 24!<d.
PROPERTY TO fcXCHA.NGi:.
S3 ACRES; bearing fruit ranch near Vacaville;
Income $2000. DECKER. MU Market St.
$5000— CLEAR; gilt-edge residence property In
Santa Cruz for city property: will assume
mortgage. DECKER. 1020 Market St.
$40,000— HOTEL and pleasure resort; 76 acres in
fruit and vines; short distance from city; ex-
change for Oakland, city. Alameda or Berke-
ley property. H. C. DECKER, MO Markt-t.
SALOON to exchange for house and lot; pay-
cash difference. H. C. DECKER. l"20 Market.
160 ACRES of land in Southern Oregon and
good British Columbia mining stock for real
estate In or near the city. Box 1186, Call.
LOTS to exchange for restaurant or bakery;
furniture to exchange for real estate (any-
where) ; business property to exchange fur
acreage. 313 Bush st.
FOR exchange— San Jose city property; equity
$3000. Agent. 215 Valpncla st.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6ft per cent on real estate;
2d and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in
probate, life insurance, goods In warehouse,
furniture without removal; no delay. R. Mc-
COLGAN/ 24 Montgomery St., room 3.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions: no delays. J. j
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14.
ADVANCES n,n |r-k on furniture, pianos, with-
out removal; mdse In storage; life Ins. poli-
cies, house rents, bank books, etc. : low In-
terest; private; no com. R. 68, 1170 Market.
HIGHLY respectable and private place tn ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market st; tel. Green 204.
$5 UP to any amount on indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or jewelry; all business
Btrlctly confidential: private offices. M. E.
DOUGAN & CO.. 230 Kearny St.; upstairs.
ON furniture, pianos; city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
GO to a regular licensed pawnbroker at 1
Fourth St., upstairs; strictly private; low
rates; tel. Red 1121; established 1869.
ANY sum, Ist or 2d mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, etc. Room 7,; SOS California st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg. ;
| any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country: any sum; Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, eta .MURPHY. 628 Market st.
ON pianos, furniture; no removal;- lowest
rates: no com.; private. 116 McAllister St.-
SIXTH. 10— Most reliable place to borrow
money: diamonds and jewelry. . .
"~ ~ FINANCIAL. '
WANTED— on good security. Box 1476.
Call office. .:■'-.
LOANS |on real estate, bonds, etc.; - lowest
rates. McAFEE BROS.. 108 Montgomi"- st.
,_ ______________
EDUCATIONAL..
YOUNG ladles wishing to visit Germany, either
to learn German or study music at the con-
servatory, will find pleasant home, centrally
located, . with two ladies in Hanover; ref-
erences given. For particulars and statutes
: of the conservatory call or. write to E. C
PRIBER, 29 Scott st. , " , %
i HEALD'B Business College, 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business - practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages. English branch-
es; electrical, civil _ mining engineering, sur-
v eying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1831; catalogue.
MISS GAMBLE will be in parlors of Golden
Gate Hall TUESDAY, from 2 to 4 and 8 to I
p. m., to receive names of tadles and gentle-
men wishing to join select evening class in
1 dancing. -" '.- ■ ■■■-■■.. -
AYRES' ; .■■■. Business ■ College, 723 Market st, ;
Individual instruction in shorthand, typing,
. bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc. ; life scholar-
ship, $50; low rates per week and month.
ENGINEERING school; civil, electrical, . mm
Ing, m»ch., survey, assay, arch it. ; day & eve.;
e-t. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING and , rapid • calculations; a
course In Tarr's counting-room makes you
thorough. Room 572, 855 Market st. "*
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, writing, . gram-
mar; day, night: $5 mo. 1504 Market, op, Bth.
FISK Agency, 825 Market St.— Teachers fur-
nished; public; private; governesses; tutors.
MISS GAMBLE'S dancing school, 317 Devtsa-
dero; adults, Fri., 8 p.m.; children. Thu.. 3:30.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1236 Mar-
| ket St.; 124 positions in '96; 103 in '97. ■
INSTRUCTION In tapestry painting, etc. : les-
sons. 25c. Studio. 419 Geary Ft., room 12.:?*;',
GUITAR, mandolin, piano and vocal - lessons.
13 per month. , MARY WESTHAUS. 39 Fifth.
VOICE | culture. piano ! Paris graduate; French.
. Spanish; new classes; $2 mo. 109 Taylor at.
COUNTRY REAL. ESTATE.
0. H. UMBSEN & CO.
David Bush, Manager Country Department.
14 Montgomery st.
$500— 2% ACRES good fruit and vegetable land
near Hay wards, with house, barn, well etc.
$600— For* 160 acres good sugar-pine land on
McCloud River, near Sissons.
$2000 — 40 acres near Colfax, Placer County; 25
acres in first-class orchard; 12 acres ready to
plant; land all cultivable, with house, barn and
tools; part cash if required; a great bargain.
DO YOU WANT
A Fruit, Grain or Grazing Ranch?
Select one from the Bank of Woodland. Lands
offered at less than foreclosure prices
IN CAPAY VALLEY,
The earliest fruit section, well settled and only
SO miles from San Francisco by rail.
FRUIT AND GRAIN LAND.
88^4 acres near Winters $17 50 per acre
2030 acres near Esparto $20 00 per acre
ICOyi acres near Tancred $20 00 per acre
M 6 " acres near Winters $22 50 per acre
131 acres near Madison $30 00 per acre
320 acres near Winters $30 00 per acre
16i% acres near Capay $40 00 per acre
ALSO
1280 acres near Swingles $ 2 25 per acre
4SO acres near Merritts $16 50 per acre
240 acres near Dunnlgan $11 00 per acre
ALSO
1105 acres near Willows $27 50 per acre
I 800 acres near Anderson. Sacra-
mento River bottom $16 50 per acre
GRAZING LAND.
529?% acres flanking Capay Valley.s4 00 per acre
4520 acres flanking Capay Valley. $2 75 per acre
I 376S acres adjoining Capay Val.s2 25 per acre
2SOO acres adjoining Capay Val.s3 50 per acre
7920 acres near Red Bluff $2 00 per acre
McAFEE BROS..
10S Montgomery St., San Francisco, Cal.
SWEENY R A NCH,
NEAR REDWOOD CITY. SAN MATEO
COUNTY.
We will subdivide the celebrated ranch of
the late Miles D. Sweeny in tracts of 100
acres or less; rich soil for fruit, grain and
vegetables; plenty of water; this property
immediately adjoins Redwood City and is only
one hour's ride from San Francisco; suitable
for small home farms: prices below all former
quotations and upon unusually easy terms.
For particulars call or address
EASTON, ELDRLjGE & CO..
63S Market St., San Francisco.
Or our branch office at Redwood City.
! MOUNTAIN VIEW LANDS
FOR SUBURBAN HOMES.
Especially adapted to raising deciduous fruits
and vegetables; we have a few choice sub-
divisions of 10 to 20 acres each In the New-
hall & Wise tract, which we offer at ex-
tremely low prices and on very easy terms;
small cash payment; balance monthly; one
' and a half miles from Mountain View station.
Apply for full particulars to
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market St.. San Francisco.
Or WOOSTER & WHITTON,
7 West Santa Clara St., San Jose.
A FINE property and bargain; BO acres highly
cultivated dark valley loam; fenced; 20 acres
bearing orchard : finely shaded residence,
barn, etc.: abundance of water; price $3500; 3
miles by sprinkled county road from Napa.
Also finely improved 16-acre place, with
stock tools, etc . adjoining above for $1650.
N. D. PICKLES, the Land Agent,
14A Geary ft , near Chronicle building, city.
RUSSIAN RIVER valley lands: near Healds-
burg, Sonoma County: 10 acres in vines and
orchard: fine well and windmill; 3-room cot-
tage- price $2000; 7 acres adjoining, partly in
vines, price $1000. McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
$475 — GREAT bargain; 160 acres In Mendoclno
County, on county road, near school; part
level: house, barn, outbuildings, etc.; 3 fine
springs of water: cheapest pla<-e in the coun-
ty: as?f>s=.?.l for $560. McEWEN BROS.. 118
Montgomery st.
$1200— 320-ACRE stock ranch; Lake County: 6-
room house, barn, etc.: running water: abun-
dance of wood; 100 acres tillable land; part
cash.
$350—20 acre?; 2 miles from Highland
Fprlngs; l l^ acres orchard, in bearing this
year. C. F. M<">ore. 935 Market st. room 4.
$5 DOWN, $5 monthly, no Interest, no taxes,
for fine jo-acre tracts of fruit land near Au-
burn. Placer County; over 750 acres sold.
I JACOB HEYMAN. 11 Montgomery st.
■ 280 ACRES unimproved land, TuolumneCounty;
also 160 acres, partly improved. Mariposa
County; wood ani water: cash: bargain to
buyer. Particulars. A. BRT'HNKE, 1714 Polk.
FOR BALE-In Colma. San Mateo County, 5
acres of land for cemetery: convenient to the
Southern Parlfic and S. F. & 8. M. electric
cars. Addr^s? j. C., Station L., city.
F>'i< rent or sale— 44 acres 1 mile from Peta-
hima: well Improved; cheap. Address 397
F^ll st.
RANCH of 160 acres, near Vacaville, improved
exchange for hay residence. 313 Bush st.
MILL VALLEY— For sale, house, furnished or
unfurnished; very reasonable; lot 50x150. Ad-
dress box 884. Call Office.
$2000— REDUCED froci $3500 to make a quick
sale; 22 acres In S_ma Clara County. 1 mile
from railroad; 3V4 acres fruit and vines; i
plenty of wood: fine trout stream: 12 acres
can be Irrigated: good house of 7 rooms; barn ;
and outbuildings; some personal property: !
great bargain. GAMAN & LYON, 215 Kearny.
339 HAYKS ST. -Branch office of __* CUL
Bubwsi Ipttom and ads taken.
LARKSPUR REAL ESTATE-
BEAUTIFUL HOMES IN LARKSPUR.
Villa lots and acreage; easy terms; 45 minutes
from the city: cottages for rent. AMERICAN i
LAND TRI'ST CO.. 132 Market Pt. •
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS. ;
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
BIGGEST bargain— s2Soo; lot 70x160; cottage, 6
rooms; orchard and chicken yard; half block
from Mastlck Station; all Improvements; 1531
Prospect st. Apply 501 Market st., S. F.
BIG bargains: fine homes— s22oo, new 6 rooms
and bath, $4<)o cash; $2000. modern new house,
$300 cash. KLEIN. 1820 Bay st., Alameda.
I $5500— NEW 2-story residence; 6 large rooms;
all modern improvements; corner lot: 60x190;
near Mastic station; part rash; balance in
eai>y Installments. Inquire 735 Railroad aye.,
! Alamedii.
BOARDING house, nicely furnished, with 20
rooms, doing fine business; great bargain.
Address postofflce box 364, Alameda, Cal.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
FIRST COME, FTRBT SERVED.
JUST LIKE PAYING RENT.
$1200, $1700. $1800, $2200, $2600, $3000.
The above are lovely cottages, which have
been thrown on the market for non-paymenf
of Installments, and they are now offered at a
great sacrifice to close accounts. They contain
4. 5, 6 and 7 rooms and are finished up to date;
almost new, and located near schools and sta-
tions.
We are going to weed them out, and Invite
Inspection. MARCUSE & REMMEL,
Bay st. station, Alameda. and 628 Market St.,
San Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
812fiO— SACRIFICE; lot 34x133; northwest corner
on fine avenue; good house of 6 rooms and one
of 4 rooms; 1 block from station; near school;
big Income on Investment.
$2Sr>o— New modern cottage; lot 40x150; fine
location; $150 cash, $25 per month; for cash
$2500; snap.
$2f"V)_ n»autlful new 8-room house, complete;
lot 50x203; choice location; very easy terms.
To Close an Estate— lo- room house; lot 60x140;
Alameda's best location; see this and make an
offer.
$12,750— Better than a Klondike as an Invest-
ment; properties bringing $155 per month;
mortgage of $SOOO can remain; bargain.
Houses to let In all parts of the city.
H. P. MOREAL A CO.,
1432 Park St.. Alameda.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
"Want ads and subscriptions »aken. •
BERKELEY REAL STATE. ~~
FOR sale— Near the university grounds, an ele-
gantly built house; lot northeast corner. 76x
IS4; street work all done. JOS. J. MASON,
Berkeley Station. ,
FIRST-CLASS Investment; a fine corner, stores
and rooms above; to be sold at a bargain.
JOS. J. MASON. Berkeley Station.
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
CHOICE corner lot, 100x125 ; all fenced ;
fine location: close to school; a good oppor-
tunity to get a bargain.
House of 4 rooms and basement; fruit
trees; lot 35x115; only 1 .block from Fruitvale
aye.; $50 cash, balance , $10 per month. •
House of 5 rooms; good well and force
pump; barn; 2 chicken-houses; fruit trees;
shrubbery; hothouse; lot 75x108; all fenced.
• $1000— Cottage of 5 rooms; 8-foot basement;
small house of 2 rooms In rear; lot 28x175.
' $1500— m acres of sandy loam; house of 4
rooms: large barn; 2 hogpens; chicken-houses;
good well" plenty wood on the place; all fenced;
only 2 blocks from electric cars.
$1650— Cottage of 5 ■ rooms and 2 \ rooms In
basement: stable; chicken -houses; fruit trees:
corner lot, 150x125: all ■ fenced ; city water and
sewerage; complete. _■: ,
H. A. PLEITNER. Fmltvale Station. Cal.
FRUITVALE;; FURNISHED HOUSES.
$25— NICE • sunny * cottage of six rooms,, finely
furnished; piano:' large lot:. in " Fruitvale.
LOWRV. OWENS'- CO.. Frultvale station.
_______ STORAGES . :
AT low = ■ Furniture, > carpets, ■• pianos, i
household goods; clean, light compartments; !
advances - made. ,:- J. NOONAN. 1017, to . 1023
* Mission St., above Sixth; open evenings.
AT lowest rates— Household goods, pianos; ad-
vances-: made: - fireproof - building.,. F. W. j
ZEHFUSS. 840 Mission st. - Tel. . Mint 1821. • .
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATES.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE
901 Broadway, corner Eighth St.,
OAKLAND.
Country property wanted for one of the finest
residence properties in Oakland; large giounds,
300 feet frontage ; fine stable, etc. ; nouse con-
tains 15 rooms and bath; beautifully situated in
the heart of the city; no Incumbrance; grain
land preferred; write for particulars.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE,
901 Broadway, corner Eighth st., Oakland.
$2500 — A modern cottage of 6 rooms and bath
on Hobart St.. npar Telegraph aye.; cost owner
$3500; very desirable neighborhood: $500 cash.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE,
901 Broadway, corner Eighth St., Oakland.
$4500 — New modern house In course of con-
struction; Vernon Heights: near electric cars;
8 rooms and all late conveniences; large lot;
sunny exposure; fine view; easy terms.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE.
901 Broadway, corner Eighth st., Oakland.
10 ACRES, Sunol, $3250; great bargain; house
and orchard; fine stream water. C. K. KING,
902 Broadway, Oakland.
1000 ACRES of land in Alameda County: very
low; this is a fine stock range. C. K. KING,
902 Broadway, Oakland.
11*6 ACRES this side of Elmhurst, near San
Leandro Road, at a sacrifice. C. K. KING,
902 Broadway, Oakland.
40 ACRES of fine fruit land near Antioch. and
house In Oakland to trade: only $3000. C. K.
KING, 902 Broadway. Oakland.
ONLY $1800—60x120: north side of Thirty-fourth
St.; fine modern cottage; good location: terms
can be arranged; cost present owner $2500.
JAS. 8. NAISMITH, 4*3 Ninth St.. Oakland.
FOR RENT— Oakland; large two-story house
in Linda Vista Terrace: rent reasonable to
reliable party. JAS. S. NAISMITH, 463
Ninth st.
$3750— THE best bargain in all Oakland; a new.
all modern 2-story residence of $ rooms; por-
celain bath; high basement, with partly ce-
mented floor; wired for electric lighting; also
for electric gas lighting, call bells, speak-
ing tubes, etc. ; well located on sunny side
of Grove st., near Bth. and only 3 block? to
Broadway and local trains: one-half block
to electric cars. Apply to ALDEN-GAR-
FIELD CO.. 9^2 Broadway, Oakland :
A BEAUTIFUL HOME.
One of the neatest and best built homes In
Oakland; IV4 stories, 6 rooms, and also serv-
ant's room, bathroom, large reception hall; 2
chimneys. Monarch patent grates In parlor and
dining-room; 5 large closets and fine pantry;
back stairs from kitchen; Iron porcelain- lined
roll-rim bathtub; plumbing nickel plated; ce-
ment steps and walk: front chimney Is rough
blocks of sandstone, very pretty; this property
18 in good neighborhood and within six min-
utes' walk of station: price $3800. complete:
terms can be arranged. Call for further par-
ticulars Lake Shore Land Company. A. H.
BREED, Manager, 1070 Broadway. Oakland.
$450 WILL build a new 3-room cottage, with
lot 50x125. in the Alvin Tract, fronting Elm-
hurst station: local trains and electric cars:
$25 down: $5 monthly. JACOB HEYMAN, 11
Montgomery st.
$75 WILL buy a lot worth $150: $5 cash. $5 '
monthly; Allendale Settlement, East Oak-
land, and now covered with homes and
bidding up rapidly: build your home or we
will build It for you: payment as rent: all ;
streets graded; some macadamized; 3 elec- i
trie-ear lines and fine scnool: view, climate
and soil the best; call or send for circular,
459 Ninth st., bet. Washington and Broad-
way, Oakland; carriage free. H. Z. JONES,
owner.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
HOUPE of 7 rooms, bath. $17; cottage of 5
rooms, bath, $14; corner flat of 5 rooms, bath,
$15. Apply 1152 East Fifteenth St.. corner of
Twenty-third aye.. East Oakland.
OAKLAND FIRMTIRF. FOR^SALE.
FURNITURE and household goods very cheap
this week. SCHELLHAAS" old store, 40S
Eleventh St.. Oakland.
HOUSES TO LET.
ALL "OVER" ?6wN^^-- ~^ — mmm
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery-
FURNISHED house, 7 rooms, bath; large yard;
latest Improvements: furniture new: piano;
near Pleasanton Hotel; only responsible par-
ties need apply. Box 1437, call office.
GLEN PARK, 36. off Twelfth St.— rooms,
bath, laundry; 2 yards; $25. DEMPSTER.
HOUSE of 5 rooms: stable for 3 horses; use of
lot 50x100 and large workshop If desired; rent
$14. 2819 Twenty-second st.
OCTAVIA. 1822, near Geary— lo rooms, bath,
etc.; all latest Improvements; location first-
class; rent greatly reduced. Apply MADI-
SON & BURKE.
RENT $12. 3258 Twenty-second St., near Va-
. lencia; 5 rooms.
SACRAMENTO. 1363— New flat of 6 rooms;
modern improvements; sun nil day.
TENTH, 321—4 sunny rooms; large yard; rent
■13. ' ■■ ' ■ ■
TWENTY-THIRD. 2754, between York and
Hampshire— 6 rooms, bath; large yard; $16.
UNION. 801, corner Mason— s rooms, $13; 805
Union. 4 rooms, $9; 1056 Pacific, corner 4
rooms, $12: Hlmmelman place. 4 rooms, $10;
all flats. -■
6-ROOM house and basement, $11; Laurel aye.,
near Turk and Buchanan sts. HOOKER &
LENT, 14 Post st.
$S-HOUSE; 5 rooms: new; be well and happy;
live on the hill. 1567 Kearny.
$15— TO let. house of 4 rooms and bath; stable
for 3 horses. 2410 Harrison, bet. 20th and 21st.
4 MARKET . ST.— Branch office 'of The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
FURNISHED HOUSES.
FURNISHED house In most desirable part of
■ the North Market section; $50. Inquire at
313 Bush st. ■ '
NICELY furnished flat: 5 rooms, bath.
3021 Buchanan St.. near Union.
FURNISHED house. 11 rooms, $55. 16 Devl»-
adero, above Halght, 10 to 2.
FURNITURE, etc.. of 10 rooms for sale; privi-
lege renting premises. Box 1146, Call office.
MISSION. 2726— Parlor floor, 5 nicely furnished
rooms; every convenience for housekeeping;
piano: bath; garden: large basement; $25. •
COTTAGES TO LET.
| COTTAGE; 4 rooms, yard, basement. 3272
Foluom st. ■
' NEW cottage of 5 rooms, bath; fine chicken
range: stable; $12. 1426 Eleventh St., East
Oakland.
SUNNY, cottages, 4 and 5 rooms, bath, base-
ment; yard; cheap. 1876 15th St., nr. Dolores.
!TO LET— A cottage of four rooms and base-
ment stable and chicken house: lot 50x75.
Call at J. M. BEYANO, 2105 Mission St.;
I rent $10. • ■--'■'
6 rooms, bath; new: $15. or will sell; $200 cash,
bal. as rent. McCarthy Co., £46 Market st.
FURNISHED FLATS.
8 FURNISHED rooms for sale on account
of leaving city; rent cheap. 728*6 Union st.
FLATS TO . LET. r
1 ADELAIDE place. 8. off Taylor St.. near Post-
j Lower flat, 4 nice sunny rooms; $13.
ALL OVER TOWN ■
You see flats to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st. .
] BEAUTIFUL flat of 8 rooms, bath and every
! convenience; rent $30. 1505 Geary st.
1 BELCHER, 14Vk. between Thirteenth and Four-
! teenth—A nice fiat, 4 rooms and bath ; cheap.
CLAY,* 16158. near Polk— Modern lower flat; 6
rooms; large yard; $85.
FELL, Upper flat 8 sunny rooms; alcove
parlors, etc. . ■
FOLSOM, 909, near Fifth— sl2, new middle bay
window flat; 3 rooms, gas, bath. tubs. ■:•'. '■> ■...-.
FURNISHED or unfurnished sunny corner flat,
5 rooms, bath; reasonable. 511 A Buchanan.
I HAIGHT, 1021, above Broderick— sunny
' - 6- room flat; best neighborhood.- • •
I HOWARD and Twelfth— Elegant corner flat; 7
rooms and bath; 3 bay windows; rent $25. Key
■In store. - . : : ■
IVY 129, near Van Ness are. — 4 sunny rooms,
$12; lower, $10. :
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jewelry;
low Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
| MOSS, 30, near Seventh— flat, 5 rooms;
bath; yard; newly papered; key corner How- ;
. ard st. " ."■.. ■;■ : 'V- ■*■. ■ ; ■.■-' ■..'.,? ■~*'-'\
NEAR City Hall, elegant flat, 5 rooms, bath,
■ $18. HI Grove st. : /
i NEW sunny flat, 1319 Pine > St., near Hyde;
| complete; rent cheap. SPECK & CO., 602
| : Market,st. ■...-- ■ '/-■.- - '-;.-' ■ -.-" - -".
i NINETEENTH, 3980, 1 block from Eighteenth
'■ or Castro st. cars; lovely lower sunny 6- room
flat; modern; $18; water free. ,■ ■ ' -
' RENT $7; 1183 A Valencia st., near Twenty-
. third; sunny flat of 3 rooms • and . bath.
■ SCOTT, * 2038. corner ; Sacramento— Eight room
I i flat; ♦ modern; ■ sunny: with attic; reasonable.
FLATS TO LET— Continued.
SUX.VT corner flat, 5 rooms. $17: inside flat
with bath, tlo: newly painted and papered.
Comer Twelfth and Folsom sts. Apply
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
THIRD. 356— Sunny flat of 3 rooms and yard;
water free: rent $10.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3727, near Dolores— Pleasant
flat; good condition: 5 rooms, bath; $15.
UPPER sunny modern 5-room fiat; warm belt.
SSI Capp St., near Twenty-fourth.
4 AND 6 room fiats; some with gardens; sunny;
attractive view; on Twelfth st. and Glen Park
aye. ; $12, $13. $14, $18 and $23 50. DEMPSTER,
36 Glen Park aye., off Twelfth 6t.
4 ROOMS each; upper and lower; $8 and $10;
new; or will sell entire building; $200 cash.
$20 month. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market.
$10— FLAT 1123 Vallejo St.. nr. Leavenworth; 4
rooms; large separate yard; rent reduced.
$15— FLAT, double parlors, dining and kitchen:
41 Hermann, junction Market and Valencia.
$17— FLAT. 6 rooms, bath; modern. 1448 Va-
lencia St., near Twenty-flfth.
$13— WATER free: sunny lower 4-room flat;
modern; large lot: garden. 4075 Twenty- third
st.. few steps from Castro: care key 4071.
flat in city; 8 room*, bath.
5304 Valencia St., near Seventeenth.
*22 50— Flat 5 rooms, bath. 117 Ash aye., bet.
Polk and Van Ness. McAllister and Fulton.
$35 — LOVELY sunny modern flat of 7 rooms;
624 Golden Gate aye.. near Van Ness.
MONTGOMERY. 527. cor. Clay— Op«n until »:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call; subscrlp-
tlons and want ads taken.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
BARTLETT, 414, near Twenty-flfth— Flat of 3
sunny rooms; sinkmom; bath; nicely fur-
nished: hot water supplied: rent $_
BRYANT, 511, near Third— Nicely furnished
sunny suites, from $7 per month up.
BUSH. 313— Housekeeping rooms, bet. Van Ness
and Kearny, California and Golden Gate.
CENTRAL, 62 Second— Light housekeeping
rooms and single; week, $1 25 to $2 50; day.
25c to 50c.
EDDY, US— Pleasant, clean, sunny rooms. $6
up; housekeeping rooms cheap; quiet house.
ELLIS, 330— Room, furnished for light house-
keeping; closet, stove and water.
FIFTH, 428V4— 2 sunny rooms, furnished com-
pletely for housekeeping; water in kitchen.
FIFTTi. 344—2 furnished housekeeping rooms;
reasonable: single rooms. $4: private family.
FRANKLIN, 505—3 unfurnished housekeeping
rooms.
FULTON, 41— Comfortably furnished front
room and kitchen; $12 month; private family.
GEARY. 429— Light housekeeping and other
sunny single and double rooms; no children.
GEARY. 518— Elegant sunny furnished rooms,
$8 up; also suites; gas, bath; housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE, 1050—2 or 3 large, nicely fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping, or tingle ;
gas cook stove; free use of telephone.
GOLDEN GATE AYE.. 1059— One sunny unfur-
nished front room; running water; closet.
HICKORY aye., 181, near Gough— Furnished
housekeeping rooms; every convenience;
$7 up.
HOWARD, 504—2, 3 or 4 complete housekeeping
rooms; first floor: gas. bath; single, $4 up.
HOWARD. sS— Om large front; complete for
housekeeping; with folding-bed and water;
and other housekeeping roonu^
HOWARD. 623 — Well-furnished single and
housekeeping rooms, $5 a month up.
HOWARD, 821— Housekeeping room, $S; 2 $10;
also others. $1 week up.
HOWARD. 1059^4— Two rooms completely fur-
nished for housekeeping, $8 jnonth^
HOWARD— I2I4— 2 or 3 large sunny furnished
rooms for housekeeping.
HYDE, 419— Lovely home-like rooms complete
for housekeeping: also sunny single room.
JESSIE. 433—2 nice sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms, $8; single room, $1.
JESSIE. 446—3 rooms cmplete for housekeep-
ing, $12 month; single rooms. $5.
LARKIN. 509 A —2, 3 or 5 rooms: completely
furnished for housekeeping; bath.
MINNA. 419— Front and back parlor, with
kitchen: furnished for housekeeping: Ist floor.
MINNA, 459— Large nicely furnished front
room; light housekeeping.
1088101*, 561. near Second— Bedroom and
kitchen; furnished complete for housekeeping.
MISSION, 827—2 housekeeping rooms; well
furnished; $10; apply in store.
MISSION. 839— Sunny suite complete house-
keeping: large yard: large rooms: $10.
MISSION, 945— Front room, with folding-bed,
kitchen; complete.
MISSION. 1137— Completely furnished sunny
housekeeping rooms. $12 per month up; nice
single rooms. $6 per month up.
MISSION. 1241— Bay-window floor front, .back
parlor and kitchen; finely furnished.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant s,t.
NINTH 113— Well furnished sunny front room
and kitchen. $12 month; running water, bath.
NEW MONTGOMERY. 105-Furnlshed house-
keeping rooms, $1 50 per week; single, <sc, $1.
NINETEENTH, 3334, near Capp— Furnished
parlor, bedroom and kitchen, $15.
OAK. 4*— $7: large sunny front room; unfur-
nished; first floor; water; gas.
POLK. 522 — Nicely furnished housekeeping
suite, complete; also sunny cozy front room^
SHOTWELL. 232— Sunny fur. room; stove; hot
and cold water; $5.
SIXTH. 132—3 rooms for housekeeping, $12 a
month; other rooms, $6 a month up.
SUITE of kitchen and front room, with fold-
ing-bed, for housekeeping: $1 50 a week. Ap-
ply 562 Mission St., bet. First and Second.
TAYLOR. 131— Four unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping.
TEHAMA, 424— We1l furnished front sunny
rooms. $5; 2 connecting housekeeping rms., $8.
TENTH, 111, near Market— 2 nicely furnished
sunny housekeeping rooms; also other rooms.
TKXTH. 124 — Furnished large front room with
kitchen; also single; cheap.
THIRD, 228— Elegantly furnished single or
double rooms, with use of kitchen: suitable
for young couple or for 2 young men.
THIRD. 30?*— 2 sunny furnished rooms complete
for housekeeping; $7 month.
TT'RK. 543—2 sunny rooms complete for house-
keeping: bath and gas: $15.
TWELFTH. 145—2 nicely furnished sunny
rooms, complete for housekeeping.
TWENTIETH. 3822. near Valencia— 2 or 3 sun-
ny connecting furnished rooms and bath.
TWENTY-FOURTH. 3533— 4 sunny rooms, gas
and bath: Twenty-second st. cars pass the
door; rent $10.
VALENCIA. 3402, cor. Twenty-fourth— Sunny
front rooms; water, bath, range.
WASHINGTON, 502— Why i pay carfare and
live out of town? 3 sunny unfurnished rooms;
$8; single rooms $2 50 and $3: marble wash-
stands: water.
$6—2 ROOMS and kitchen; water free. 615
Birch avp., bet. Laguna and Buchanan.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
in every renpect; terms reasonable.
ALTON. 204 McAllister— Sunny front suites,
suitable for 3 or 4 people.
AT the Florence Hotel, 102 Ellis, cor. Powell-
Elegant sunny rooms, en suite or single;
quiet home for families and those who ap-
preciate comfort; elevator; baths; reasonable.
BIRCH aye.. 225V4. between Grove and Fulton,
off Van Ness— Nicely furnished front room;
private family.
BOHEMIA. 239 Post— Newly furnished: fami-
lies and gentlemen: references given.
BUSH, 706— Elegantly furnished sunny front
parlor, $10; private family.
BUSH, S26— Large sunny room; hot and cold
water; for gentlemen.
DELAWARE, 1151 Market— Furnished single
and double rooms, $S and $10 mo.; nice suites.
EDDY, 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms per night,
50c to $1; week, $2 to $«; families.
EIGHTH, 115—2 nicely furnished sunny bay-
window rooms, single or en suite; running
water; grate; gas.
FOLSOM. 760 — 2 sunny furnished front rooms;
rent cheap.
FOLSOM, 1036H — Sunny front bay-window;
suitable for 2j also housekeeping.
FOURTH. 225 — Furnished rooms for light
housekeeping; reasonable.
FIFTH. 309— New house; 1 or 2 sunny bay-
window rooms; kitchen; range; running water.
FRANKLIN. 507— Room with hot and cold
water, for gents. $6. month: private family.
GEARY. Ill— Large nicely furnished front room
for manicuring or massage parlor; also rooms
for gentlemen.
OEARY. «22— Nicely furnished single and dou-
ble rooms: bath, gas: reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE. 322— New furnished rooms;
running water, hot and cold.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 334— T0 let, furnished
room to respectable gentleman.
ROOMS TO liET— Continued.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 781 Mission; select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $4 per week.
HARRISON, 946. near Sixth— Nice large single
rooms, $5 per month.
HAVES. 3064— Sunny front room; reasonable.
HAVES, 737— Newly furnished front room;
bath.
HOWARD. 715^ 8T? DAVID'S— 2OO room»;
suites; (ingle; sunny reading-room; 25c up.
HOWARD, 927 A —A nice furnished room for
two gentlemen, very cheap; with bath; also
one single room : in private family.
HOWARD, 959— Sunny front room for 2 men;
$6.
HOWARD 9Ss— By day. week or month: 25c,
30c, 75c and $1 per day; $5 to $15 per month,
JESSIE, 373— Furnished front room, $5. '
JESSIE^ 445^NIcely~ furnished sunny front
room; rent $5.
JONES. 1705, near Broadway— 4 nice sunny
rooms; grand marine view; rent cheap.
LAGUNA, 1031— Two lovely connecting bay-
window rooms; unfurnished; cheap.
LARK IN. 704— Large sunny bay window
rooms; all conveniences; private family;
reasonable. ______
LINDEN aye., 331—4 rooms and bath, unfur-
nished. Inquire at 32S FpII St.
MCALLISTER, 408— Three unfurnished room M
and bath. $10; one furnished room; rent low.
MCALLISTER, fill— Sunny back parlor; grate;
gas; bath; $8 month; 2 gentlemen.
MCALLISTER. 615— Nicely furnished front
suite; $15 per month; hot and cold water.
MCALLISTER, 542— Nice sunny front room;
furnished; use of kitchen.
MiNNA. 28— Furnished rooms; 75c and $1 per
week.
MINNA, 371, near Fifth— Single front room;
water; lady or gentleman; private family.
MINNA, 434— Single sunny furnished front
room. $4.
MINNA. 450— Neatly furnished single room, $4
a month.
rnnwi, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 a week.
MISSION. 763. between Third and Fourth —
Nice, clean furnished room. $4 a month.
MISSION, 1145 i The Stella)— Newly furnished
gunny suites, single rooms, $5 mo. up; quiet.
MISSION. 3010— Large sunny turntshed room;
rent cheap.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry;
low Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant t,v.
NEW FRANKLIN. 321 Pacific— Rooms, fur-
nished or unfurnished; day, week or month.
OAK, 22— Elegant sunny front alcove room and
others: housekeeping; rent reasonable^
OCTAVIA, 1410, near Geary— Sunny rooms.
Buite or single.
O'FARRELL, 327— Large, cheerful front room;
also Bingle rooms, $4 and $« per month.
O'FARRELL. 329— Sunny furnished rooms; en
suite or single; reasonable^
O'FARRELL. 519— Furnished rooms to let.
PHILADELPHIA House. 421 Bush— Rooms;
gas; running water; $1 week up; sunny.
POLK, 221 H. near City Hall— Nicely furnished
room; rent reasonable.
POLK. 607— Nice, light, well-furnished single
room, $4 per month; bath and gas.
POST, 1033— Nicely furnished pleasant front
room; bath, gas; private family.
POWELL, 203 (The Montello)— Sunny suites
and singly rooms; reasonable; transient.
POWELL. 509— Two nicely furnished sunny
rooms adjoining; suitable for two gentlemen.
SCOTT. 113 — 2 sunny connecting rooms, partly
fu m Ished; gas; bath.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH, 136— Nice sunny bay-window room, 110
per month: bath and gas.
STOCKTON. 17 — European: elegant rooms;
suite or single; day. week or month; baths;
hot and cold water; transient; elevator.
SUTTER, 304— Nice sunny furnished rooms:
<#>ntral; reasonable; single orj-n suite.
SUTTER. 715-717-719. and 609 Hyde— Furnished
and unfurn. ; choice and sunny : reasonable.
TAYLOR, 706— Well furnished sunny room for
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
ELLIS, 677— Nicely furnished front suite, with
board, for 2 or 3; terms reasonable^
FELL, 26— Nicely furnished sunny parlors for
two, with board. $35.
FOLSOM. 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week: nice location.
FOLSOM. 1530. near Twelfth— Furnished sun-
ny front room for two, with board.
HYDE. 1106— Front sunny room: gas; bath;
running water; with breakfast, $10 month.
VAN NESS. 808— Beautiful sunny parlors;
modern; first-class table^
2 OR 3 sunny rooms, excellent board, in pri-
vate family. Apply 816 O'Farrell st., near
Larkln.
SUMMER RESORTS.
HOTEITMount View now open to visitors, for
guests April 1: conveyance will meet the 11:30
o'clock boat from city at Ross. For terms
and particulars address MISS HUTCHINSON,
R.-ys, Martn County,
CHILDREN BOARDED.
ENGLISH widow would like 2 children to
board or 2 working girls. 51 Clara_j__
STORES TO LET.
BARBER^snop~to~renT, with chairs and fix-
tures; rent cheap. Call at 2951 Twenty-fourth
St., corner Alabama.
BARBER shop to let. 1802 Howard St.. cor.
Fourteenth.
FINE store, cor. Oak and Franklin sts., rent
$20- 2 fine basements, off Market St., suitable
for' any business or storage. Apply 15 Grant.
STORE, with fixtures, corner Howard and La-
fayette sts.; cheap rent.
TWO stores in the Starr-King Building. Geary
st adjoining California Furniture Co. and
• City of Paris to let after July 1. 1898. Ap-
ply N. P. COLE. 117 Geary st. "
1 LEFT; new store: 231 Powell St., near Geary;
rent reasonable. SPECK & CO.. 602 Market.
OFFICES TO LET.
TO let— Large office, partly furnished"; also
furnished rooms. 536 Kearny St., room I. _
STABLES TO LET.
STABLE with 9 stalls, large hay loft and
wagon room; low rent. 117 Eleventh St., nr.
Mission. " " ' -
STALLS TO LET. i
STALLS to let. Apply -627 Minna st.
~ " - DENTISTS. - ■_■ .
VAN~*VROOM^eTectro-dental parlors; -painless
dentistry; no shock; painless extraction a
positive fact: full set of teeth. $5 up: silver
fillings, 25c up; gold crowns, $3 50 up: your
teeth put in without ft plate: open evenings.
■ 997 Market st., cor. Sixth; 'Phone Jessie 1695.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new- flexible
plates: light and thin; warranted ten years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work:
our specialty; fillings 50c: crowns. $3 50: all
work painless and . warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth St. ' . ' • • r ,
NEW YORK Dentists— Painless extraction, 50c;
plates, $5; gold filling. 75c up: silver. !5o up:
plates mended, $1 up: special • Inducements
to Klondikers; open evenings and ■ Sundays.
9O Mission St.; ' cor. Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. 11th; no
charge for extracting when plates are made;
old plates made over like new; teeth from $1
per set; extracting 50c; gas given. - ■
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist; discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of improved bridge work or teem
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O Farrell^
L. A. TE AGUE. A. CANE and ; F. TB AGUE,
removed to Call bldg., «th floor. - rms. «03-907. J
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market »t. :-: ;.->.-.■.■.
BET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
--•■;-. LEGAL NOTICES.
NOTICE~TO CREDITORS^-Estate .of • JACOB
1 - C. JOHNSON, deceased. .:
Notice Is hereby given by the undersigned.
ANNA E JOHNSON, executrix of. the estate*
of JACOB C. JOHNSON, deceased, sto - th»
; creditors of, and ■ all -persons having claims .
; n gainst the satd deceased, to exhibit ; them with
the necessary vouchers, within ten months
after the first publication of this notice, to the
: said executrix at .the office of J. , C. JOHN-
SON C 0... No. 400 Market St.. the same being
her place for the transaction of the business
of the said estate In; the City and County of,-
| San Francisco.: State^Callfprn^^^ ; :
Executrix of - the . estate . of JACOB ;C. 5 JOHN-
SON, deceased. ?:-..-• ".-•", --:,. ■-■' :i '*iv:ii'l
Dated at San Francisco. February 24. 1?38.
'. -, . . .-.::. , -J. A. STEPHENS, -
Attorney for Executrix. Claus Spreckeis bull*.
. ing. •■-/-!.;. i .y.. - '__ •'■■ ■ : ■'■■■■ '-'- ■':"■.■'.' i'>
1314
MUSICAL INSTIUJMEXTS.
WHAT'S THAT? • . YOU ARE?
GOING TO BUY A PIANO?
WELL. NOW. WHAT DO YOU WANT?
A piano made In 1888. with every dollar ex-
pended on the instrument, modern in every
respect, with all the late attachments, or the
mc old piano made from 1849 scales?
I have a piano te sell that I will guarantee
from top to bottom and will back "with
every dollar I have. As I own my own build-
ing and store, and as the manufacturers also
back this Instrument with $2,000,000. this, I
think, a good guarantee. y
The piano Is the Kingsbury. \
The price is $22. >.
The address Is 626 Hayes st.
The firm Is J. HARRY SCOTT.
ON account of extensive alterations in our
warerooms we offer the following bargains:
One Newhall piano $ •»
One Raven & Bacon piano... (0
One New. York piano 100
One Gilbert piano 1£
One MathusheU piano 140
One Weber piano lo»
One Gabler piano *9o
One Jewett piano 215
One Steinway piano 2*o
One Stecli piano 345
One Checkering piano — 355
' All guaranteed; easy payments. BENJ.
CURTAZ & SON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell st.
ANY person having ucc for a piano need not
do without when good instruments can be
purchased from us at cash prices upon
monthly payments of %X $4. $5. 6, $7, ?S. id.
$10: handsome scarf and wood seat stool In-
cluded; no charge for cartage. Purchase your
medium and low price pianos where they can
be exchanged for a Steinway without sacri-
fice. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO., Stelnway
Dealers. cor. 'Kearny nnd Sutter sts.
A FEW PRICES WORTH CONSIDERING IN
SECOND-HAND PIANOS—
Manhattan $ "°
Ronlsch 150
Cameron 200
Bans HO
Byron Mauzy 300
Call and Examine. Warerooms BYRON
MAUZY. 30S-312 Post St.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
■26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer. ___^__
FINE Steinway. $150: a $550 Dewing Bros,
piano. $250; a $600 Chase.. $300: a $600 Hard-
man. $325: the greatest genuine opportunity
In the city for cash buyers: no worn out.
worthless instruments here: every piano gntd.
J. DEWING CO.. 2d fir.. Flood big.. 4th_Mkt.
ABSOLUTE bargains this we,>k : Steinway.
Steck. Conover. Chickering. Kmerson, Hal-
let & Davis: all as good as new. THE F.
W. SPENCER CO., fO Market st.
FIXF. tone, large size unripht. $125; great bar-
gain: new Decker & Son and Gibson pianos
at low prices. MAUYAIS. IW Market st.
COLBY pianos ar^ the N-st for the money in
the market: highest award at World's Fair;
call and see for yourselves. 933 Market sr.
BOHMSB & CO.. Byron Manzy, ICewby, Evans.
Briggs and other pianos; ccc our rent plan;
no Interest f.rst year. 30S. 310, 312 Post st.
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale- Must sel! pianos at
Immense reduction for cash or on Install-
ments. EATON ESTATE 735 Market st.
WANTED— A full-size. l violin; good tone;
cheap. Address box 14*2. Call office.
GREAT bargain; Standard upright (on stor-
age); party gone to Klondike; cheap. 208 Post.
HORNTJNG'S new scale pianos; an unpre-
cedented success. 216 Port st.
|12.v— FINE upright; great bargain. 16 McAllis-
ter St., next H'.bernla Hank. SCHMITZ
AGENCY Haines Bros, pianos; second-hand
pianos. $73 up. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post.
KX\nr pianos; new scale: new styles.
KOHLER A CHASK. ?'■ O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MfLI.KR. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
SMALLEST ad. lowest price. Heine. 136 Ellis.
E27 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:SO
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
HORSES.
FOR SALE— Match team of black pacers, 7
yoars old. if.N hands high: pace in 2:50. In-
quire Grand Hotel, room 137.
WANTED— SO old horses free from disease
and physic for feed for the animals. Ad-
dress Manager of the Zoo, Chutes, city.
ONE fast pacer, a years old: 1 carriage horse.
17 hands high; 6 young horses from country,
well broken. 164 Golden Gate ava.
BUGGIES, wagons, horses, carts bought, sold
or exchanged; cheap storage: 40 horcss; must
Ee!l. T. P. NEWELL. 1802 Mission, cor. 14th.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth St.. nuction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN ,fc DOYLE, Auctioneers.
615 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
NEW three-can milk wagon; one light deliv-
ery wagon. 1370 Turk st.
BUSINESS buggies cheap at 903 Golden Gate
avenue.
FIN'R laundry, baker's and miKe wagons cheap
for cash or installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy; also 1 hack. S2S Harrison st.
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until i.M
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrtp-
tiens and want ads talcpn.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
■will reveal every hidden mystery in life; shs
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions: unites the separated, recovers lost,
etolen or buried property; locates treasures,
minerals: tells your entire life, past, present
and future, while In a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to sp. m. ; perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall. Send stamp for circular with
epecial terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 26, 1206 Market St.. opp. Sixth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader; born double veil and second sight:
diagnoses disease: full life reading: ladles 50c.
gents sl; palm, and clairv.; sit. $1 50. 12S Turk.
MME. RYBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MME. I.E NORMANDE. reliable clairvoyant,
card reader.magnetic treatment. 401 Leavnwth
MM!" SVAENSON. only reliable card reader
and fortune teller; ZSe. 441 Geary st.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings dally. 123 Vi Sixth St., room 14.
MISS TROY from Chicago, magnetic healer
and card reader. 1015 Market, rm. 17. 2d floor.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT, 131 Taylor St., room
2; mind-reader and palmist.
MME. HANBEN. palmist, card-writer: past,
present and future; 25c: US Sixth, room 5.
MISS MELVILLE, great , clairvoyant and
water reader. 921*4 Mission: German spoken.
MISS BELL GRANT, card reading and mag-
netic healing. 122 Post st., room 10.
RAY FAIR, card reader: magnetic healing a.
specialty. 223 Post st.. room 2.
MISS PEARL HARRISON, card reader and
magnetic healer. Room 2. . 120 V& Geary st.
JOSIE TAYLOR. magnetic healer: mind
reader. 223 Post St., room 11, second floor.
MRS. MANDENA. medium, palmist: life read-
ings. 25c; satisfaction guarant'd:' 23 Sixth st.
MME. MOREAU.- best medium and. card-
reader; 25c up; German spoken. 73 Fourth st.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice;' names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
' MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First In her pro-
fession: never fails: advice: help. 929 Post.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Cull Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50. postage
. free.
SPIRITUALISM.'
GYPSY life reader gives correct answers to
■ all questions; L.. 25c; G., 50c; no sign. 8 7th.
MRS. FAIRBANKS, test mcd.: circle Sun. Tu.
Krl. eves.. 10c: readings dally. 25c. 108 fith.
M. FRANCES, independent slate-writing me-
dium. 118 Halght st.
PROF. GEE; readings dally; test circles Tue..
Thur.. Fri.. 8 p. m. : 25c. SGSI4 Market st.
MRS. SHRINER, clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 120 A Eddy St., room 3.
MRS. J. .1. -WHITNEY, spiritual medium, for
messages and advice. 218 Stockton st.
tie LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
HYPNOTISM-
THE power of ; mind over matter demonstrated
every Friday : evening, 8 o'clock; free in-
structions given; diseases and habits cured;
- hours 2 to 4,-8 to 10 p. m. " 911 Van Ness Rye:
' ." " :•' LOST.' ; ;.■■:' " .
. BRINDLE greyhound; white chest; strayed
from &01 Battery st. March 1. Reward for
return. . ,- *
BROKE away: on* . gray horse with saddle.
Suitable' reward by returning to Barry's
Milk • Ranch, San Bruno road and ' Crescent
aye. .
LOST— Large dog. Return to 312 Capp st. and
receive reward. , . ; /.,>-. ",
»20 RE/WARD— Lost, a gold locket.: finished
with platinum and diamond In' center. - Re-
turn to Rio Grande: Western Railway office.'
v; 14 Montgomery • st., ■ and - receive « reward, vv&s.v
Mill I 'Pr> t>li tf'U i nil i. l»« .I^IMII ft ■! rfl — llUll ißilwfllM illllll 'h»li i i .fSw3f
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Da vies,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice: safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail ; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.: habits adopted: travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent: call or write; free; con-
fidential. DR. AND MRS. M. DAVIES, 59
McAllister St.: pills. S2.
ALL monthly irregularities or other conditions
from whatever cause restored at once: safe
and sure at any time; kind sympathy and
aid; Instant relief for travelers; tumors re-
moved by electricity: home Ir. confinement;
best care and privacy; for guaranteed relief
consult the doctor, free, before going else-
where: regulating pills and capsules. $1.
MRS i)R. WYETH. 918 Post St., nr. Larkin.
ORS. GOODWIN, 401 Van Ness five.- -Indies,
nenr or far, consult free the only doctor who
uses Schonck's method, the celebrated French
physician: a safe, sure and reliable cure for
all Irregularities from whatever cause; re-
stores strength and vigor of organs; unex-
celled- 15 years' practice; maternity home;
best skill, low fees; pills, ?2.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases- a home In confinement, with best
possible care: with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital: those sick or discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their case;
they will nnd In her a true friend. MRS.
DR. GWYER. 22« Turk St.
SURE cure, when others fall: no medicine or
Instruments; every woman her own Physi-
clan for all female troubles, no matter from
what cause; restore in 1 day: never falls:
consultation free; can be sent and used at
horn" DR. POPPER. 31S Ker.rny; orders by
telephone. m
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause): no instrument;: used; cure at n£-
fiee J.V consultation free: hours 10 to 5. DR.
AND MRP. K<>HL. lUB M.irket st.
LADIF.R ChlchesTer> English Pennyroyal PIUs
(Diamond Rrnnd) best: safe, reliable; take
no other- «=end 4c stamps for particular*.
•'Relief foi Lndi-s." letter by return mnll: at
druggists. Chichester Chemical Co., Phlla.
DP MOHRDIECK'S skin purifier prevents
wrinkles, roughness: removes nil disagree-
able nffect : ons of the skin, glv-cs a beautiful
ar.d healthy complexion. ?,1 Taylor st.. r 14
X BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro: price
Jl 50 RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay St.: send
Sc stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co.. 531 X st.. Bacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles: no danger: safe, cure; $J 50;
express C O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
CAPSULETAR— Preventive; sure; harmless;
guaranteed or money refunded: price $1 50.
MME. MABSON. 132?. Geary st.
DR. HALL, 69 McAllister St.; diseases of wo-
men and children.
LAPTES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz: Infallible, safe rem-
edies; 38 years' experience. 254H Fourth st.
HOME !n confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth St.. Alameda.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived March 6— Stmr
Fuerst Bismarck, frm New York for Hamburg.
"BIRTHMARRIA&ES^DEATHr
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be
handed In at either of the publication offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence
of persons authorized to have the same pub-
lished.
BORN.
ALEXANDER— In this city. February 22 r >. UK.
to the wife of Louis Alexander, a daughter.
CULVER— Near Dixon. February 2,'>. 1898. to
the wife of C. J. Culver, a daughter.
GOEPFERT-I this city. March 2. IS9S. to the
wife of Ed W. Goepfert, a daughter.
GRKFN— February 22. 189 S. to the wife of Wil-
liam H. Green, a daughter.
HARDIN— In this city. March 5. IS9B. to the
wife of J. T. Hanlln. a son.
JOHNSON— In this city. February 8. 1898. to
the wife of Axel Johnson, a son.
KELLEY— In this city. March 2. 1898. to the
wife of Peter Rowland Kelley. a son.
FLAGEL— In Danville. February 26. IS9B, to the
wife of Albert Flaeel, a daughter.
STIEFEL— In this city, March 4, IS9S, to the
wife of John V. Stiefel. a daughter.
TKAlTNER— February 26. 1898. to the wife of
Theodore Trautner, n son.
VOLLERR- In this city. February 27. 1898, to
the wife of .1. H. Vollers. a son.
WAGNER— March 1. ls l^. to the wife of Adam
Wagner Jr., a daughter.
WALTHOUR— In this city. March 1. 189 S. to
the wife of Frank .1. Walthour, a daughter.
WATERS— in this city. March 1. 189 S. to the
wife of John Waters, a son.
WICKSTROM— In this city. March 2, 1898, to
the wife of John Wickstrom. a son.
WRIGHT— In Nevada City, March 3, 1898. to
the wife of 11. J. Wright, a son.
MARRIED.
BABB-MTNDAY— In Martinez, March 1. IR9S,
by Orlando _, McCraney. Justice of the
Peace. C. A. liabb and Mary Munday.
JOHNSON— PODD- In this city. March 5, IS9B,
by the Rev. W. S. T'rmy. Albert W. John-
sen and Mabel P. Podd. both of San Fran-
CiSCD.
LANGI.EY— DALE— In this city, February 26.
1898. by the Rev. W. S. I'rmy, John A. I_ng-
ley of Palo Alto and Clara B. Dale of Geyser-
vl lie.
McCANDLISH— FOSTER— In this city, March
2. IS9S, by the Rev. W. S. t'rmy, William W.
McCandlish and Margaret J. Foster, both
of San Francisco.
FIERCE-BOUCHER— In this city, February 19,
189*. by the Rev. W. L Kip jr., Edward C.
Pierce and Mary S. Boucht-r.
DIED.
Andem»n. William McCarthy, Patrick
Hj.-neiiiark I'Hristian McDonald. Joseph
Brady, Mrs. Caroline McKenzle. Mary A.
Hrtckwedel Jr.. C. H. Mannion. Francis
rtryant. George H. Nolan. Thomas
Bulger. Mary Northrop. Capt. E.C.
Butler, Enoch J Orr, Walter W.
Chrisman. Burbara Porter* Sldne}
Conn. Frederick J. Ramelli. Geremia
liotan. John Richardson, C.
Federlein, I. J. Raff, Mart.- M.
Foster, H^nry Ryan, James D.
Grunt. Georslna Hyan, Mary A.
Hale. Joseph Seeor, Eliza
Hammond. Samuel J. Selk. Johann
Harms, Jacob Simpson, Harry
Hayes, Katherlne G. smith, jane C.
Hnjnes, Richard Stone. Col. M. N.
Higgins, Fannie Sullivan. John
Huurlet, L. Tabacco, Veronica
Jorres, Henry A. F. Walab, Charles
Lack. Louis E. Weeks. Jane
Larson, Bertha C. Wullenweber, Henry
Lauinger, George
ANDERSON— In San Bernardino. Cal., March
1. IS9B. William Anderson, a native of fios
Angeles, aged 32 years 10 months and 1 day.
BJKRREMARK— In this city, March 4, UN,
Christian Bjerremark, a native of Sehleswig,
Germany, aged 62 y«ars 2 months and 8
day a
(CTFriends and acquaintances nnd members
of Manzanlta Tribe No. 4. Improved O. R. M.,
and sister Tribes are respectfully invit.-.i to
attend the funeral this day (Sunday), at
1 o'clock, from Red Men's Hall, 320 Poet
etreet. Interment- Laurel Hill Cemetery.
Remains at parlors of A. W. Martin & Co..
118 Geary st.
BRADY— In this city, March 4, IR9B. Mrs. Caro-
line A. Brndy. a native of Princeton. N. J.,
aged SS years.
|r^-Kuneral services at her daughter's resi-
dence, 101 l Sacramento street, this day
iSunday). at 10 o'clock. Interment private.
BRICKWEDEL— In this city. March S, IS9B,
C. H. Jr., beloved son of .'.nn:t M. Brick-
wedel, and brother of M. H., George F. und
Annie E. Brlckwedel, a native of New York,
aged 45 years.
iryFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the luneral this day
(Sunday*, at 1:45 o'clock, from I. O. O. F.
Hall, corner Seventh and Market streets,
under the auspices of Yerba Buena Lodge No.
15. r. O. O. F.
VETERANS NATIONAL GUARD. CALlFOR-
nia— Members of this corps will assemble at
Odd Fellows' Hall, Seventh and Market
streets, this day (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, to
pay the last tribute of respect to our late
comrade. A. D. CUTLER. Commander.
P. L. BUSH, Adjutant.
BRYANT— In this city. March 3, 189 R. George
H., dearly beloved husband cf Caroline E.
Bryant, and father of Mrs. Edward Fay, and
senior partner of Neville & Co., a native, of
Massachusetts, aged 69 years 10 months and
20 days.
(C 7" The funeral services will be held
to-morrow (Monday), at 2 o'clock, at the
residence of his daughter, 1157 Octavla street.
Interment Salem, Mnss.
BULGER— In this city. March 4, 1898, Mary,
beloved daughter of Michael and Mary Bul-
ger, and sister of John.. William. Annie and
the late Thomas Bulger, a native of Boston.
Mass., aged 27 years. A member of Third
Order of St. Dominic's. (Boston. Masa.,. pa-
pers plemm copy.) .
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral, to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:B'J o'clock, from 'the resi-
dence of ' her • parents,' 11 Franklin, street,
thence to St. 'Joseph's Church, Tenth street,
v.-here a solemn requiem mass will -be cele-
brated" for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
BUTLER— In this city. March. 5. 1898. Enoch
J. Butler, a native of New York, aged t>S
years.
CH2USMAN— In Danville, February 27, IS9S,
Barbara Ann Chrisman, a native of Ten-
■easce, a*'"'! 7n years and 7 days.
CONN- In Indio. Riverside County, Cal.,
March 2, IS9S, Frederick J.. beloved and only
son of Francis and the late Mary B. Conn,
and brother of Mamie A. and the late Frank
W. Conn, a native of San Francisco, aged 2S
years anil 5 months.
IC?" Friends and acquaintances nre respect-
fully Invited to attend the. funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1121 Hampshire street, thence to St.
Peter's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock.
DOLAN— In the City and County Hospital,
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 6, 1898.
March S, IS9S. John Dolan, a native of Ire-
land, aged 65 years.
FEDERLEIN— In this city. March 5, 1898. I. J..
helovpd husband of Barbara Federlein. and
father of Mrs. Carrie Jacobs Jay and Sophie
Federlein. a native of H.tvaria, Germany,
aged 75 years and 6 months.
FOSTER— In North Oakland. March 5. IS9S.
Henry, youngest son of John and Caroline
Foster, a native of Oakland, aged 5 months.
(DTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday) at 10:?.0 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of' the parents. 223 Hannah street.
North Oakland. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery.
GRANT— In this city, March 5. 19S. Oeorgina
Grunt, beloved mother of Joseph Grajit, Mrs.
Charles R. Kirchner, Mrs. Blanche Neuman
and Emily Grant, a native of Leeds, Eng-
land, aged 66 years and I month.
HALK— In the City and County Hospital,
March E, ISI'S, Joseph Hale, a native of Ire-
land, aged S3 years.
HAMMOND— In this city, March 5, IS9B, Sam-
uel J.. beloved husband of Mary H Ham-
mond, and father of Mrs. J. J. North. Mrs.
C. N. Rude and Anna E.. George P. and
Samuel J. Hammond, a native of England,
used 70 years and 11 months.
[L.'Fririids and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attt-nd the funeral this day
(Sunday) at 2 o'clock, from Holly Park
Presbyterian Church, corner of California
avenue and Lizzie street. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
HARMS— At the Potrero, March 5. ISPS. Jacob,
dearly beloved husband of Margaretha
. Harms, father of Jacob L., Meta C. and the
late Catherine M. Harms, a native of Han-
over, Germany, aged 70 years 9 months and
23 days. (Napa papers please copy.)
HATES- this city, March 5, 1898, Kather-
ine Gertrude, beloved daughter of Mrs. Anna
Hayes, and sister of John, Rody. Michael J.,
James A., Henry J., George M.. Mollie and
Annie Hayes, a native of Santa Clara
County, aged 2.'. years and 5 months.
ITT 1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), from her late residence. 702 Dolo-
res street, thence to St. James Church. Guer-
rero an 1 Twenty-third streets, where a sol-
emn requiem high maps will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HAYNES— In this city, March 4, 1898. Rich-
ard, beloved husband of Margaret Haynes,
father of Thomas J. Haynes, and stepfather
of Mrs. ' Nellie F. McKee (nee Bowse) and
Margaret Bowse, a native of the j parish of
Rallyhide, County Cork, Ireland, aged 70
years.
tr'AFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fu?iy invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday) at 8:"0 o'clock, from his. late resi-
dence, 1140 Alabama street, thence to St.
Peter's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at' 9 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HIGGINS— the City and County Hospital.
March 5, IMS. Fannie Hlggtns. a native of
California, iiged 25 years.
HOURIET— In Oakland. March 4. 1898, L.
Houriet, beloved husband of Mrs. Houriet.
a native of Mont Iramelan, Canton de
Berne, Switzerland, aged 69 years 3 months
and 8 days. (Terre Haute, Indianapolis and
Pea Molnes papers please copy.)
(n7"The funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Masonic Temple.
JORRES— In this city. March 2. 1898, Henry
A. F., beloved husband of Reglna Jorres,
and father of Mrs. Dora Ziska and Henry
Jorres Jr., a native of Germany, aged 71
year.* 5 months and 2 days.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:20 o'clock, from ' the funeral
parlors of Craig & Oochran Co., 22-26 Mint
avenue, thence to I. O. O. F. Hall. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
LACK— this city, March 5, Utt, Louis E.
Lack (Skoyen), beloved son of Mrs. Andrena
Lack, and brother of Mrs. Charles Leopold,
a native of San Francisco, aged 26 years 7
months and 12 days.
LARSON— In this city. March 5, ' 189S, Bertha
C. Larson, beloved mother of A. J. Larson
and Mrs. S. Lloyd, a native of Gothenburg,
Sweden, aged 78 years.
LAUINGER— In this city, March 4. 1898,
George, beloved husband of Barbara Lauin-
ger, and father of Mamie. George P., Frank,
and Mena Lauinger and Mrs. Frank Schmltz.
a native of Germany, aged 65 years. .
(D'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 8 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1719 Mason street, between Green and
Union, thence to St. Boniface Church. Golden
Gate avenue, between Jones and Leaven-
worth, where a solemn requiem mass will be.
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery. .
MCCARTHY— In this city. March 4. 189 S. Pat-
rick McCarthy, a native of the parish of
Rosscarbery, County Cork, Ireland, aged 66
years.
(C^Fnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of Mrs. J. Sullivan, 343 Jessie street, thence
to St. Patrick's Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated -for the repose
of -his soul, at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cros.3 Cemetery.
McDONALD— In this city, March 1. 1898, Jo-
seph McDonald, a native of Prince Edward
Island. B. N. A., aged 55 years. * • - •-.,'•■.
ff^TFriends and acquaintances., are respect-,
fully invited to attend the .uneral this day.
(Sunday) at 10:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White. 122 Eddy street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McKENZIE— In this city. March 3. 1898. Mary
A. McKenzie, beloved mother of Mrs. E. W.
Sawtelle and A. W. McKenzie, a native of
England, aged 70 years.
(E?"Frfends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 3461 Nineteenth street, near Valencia.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by elec-
tric-car from Eighteenth • and Guerrero
streets.
MANNION— In this city, March 5, 1898. Francis
■ Mannion. dearly beloved lather of Mrs. I»a-
belle Hanley and Mrs. Charlotte Phillips, and
brother of Mrs. Franklin Aston of Watson-
ville, a native of County Roscommon, Ire-
land, aged 65 years and 6 months.
Friends .and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday) at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2429
Mission' St.. - near Twenty-first. Interment
National Cemetery, Presidio.
NOLAN— the City and County Hospital.
March 5. IStW. Thomas Nolan, a native of Ire-
land, aged 64 years.
NORTHROP— In San Bernardino, Cal., March
1, 1898, Captain K. C. Northrop, aged 68 years.
ORR— In this city, March 5, IS9S, Walter W..
beloved brother of Albert and Fred F. Orr.
a native of Australia, a^ed 2S years. A
member of Court Acme No. U, F. of A.
IC?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
F. of A. — Court Acme No. 51, F. of A. — To the
officers and members of Court Acme: You
are hereby notified to assemble at the under-
taking parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1209
Mission street, at 2 o'clock MONDAY, March
7, to attend the funeral of our late brother,
W. W. Orr. By order
JAMES BROCK, Chief Ranger.
D. J. CRONIN. Rec. Sec.
PORTER— In this city, March 5. 1898. Sidney,
beloved son of J. W. and Alice L. Porter, a
native of San Francisco, aged 1 year.
RAMELLI— Near Gonzales, March 2, IS9B,
Geremia Ramelli, a native of Switzerland,
agcxl 47 years.
RICHARDSON — There will be an anniversary
requiem macs celebrated at the Old St.
Mary's College Parish Church. Tuesday,
March 8, at S:3O o'clock, for the happy re-
pose of the soul of the late Clemment Rich-
ardson. Friends are respectfully invited.
RUFF— In this city, March 3, 1898. Marie Mag-
deline, dearly beloved daughter of Rudolph
Ruff, stepdaughter of Amelia Ruff, and sis-
ter of George, William. Annie and Rudolph
Huff, a native of Stamford. Conn., aged 29
years 10 months and 8 days.
tC7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the uneral this day
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Yalente, Marini & Co., 1524 Stockton street,
thence to St. Francis Church, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
RYAN— In Napa. March 3, ISBS. James D.. be-
loved son of the late Judge Lawrence and
T'rsula Ryan, a native of Florida.
RYAN— In this city, March 5. IS9B. Mary Ann.
beloved mother of Tlmothv and William
Ryan and Mrs. Andrew Schulz, a native of
County Cork, Ireland, aged 59 years 6 months
and 18 days. (New York City and Portland,
Or., papers please copy.)
([^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 164 Tehama street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where services will be said
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
I SECOR— In this city. March 6, 189 R. Eliza, be-
loved wife of Peter C. Secor, and mother of
Luther A., William A. and Herbert F. Secor,
a native of England, a&ed 65 years.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
March X at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 50 Caselli avenue.
KELK- In Bremervoerde, Germany, Johann
Selk, father of Mrs. D. Meyer. Charles F.
Selk, Mrs. John Woebcke. Mrs. William C.
Morken and Mrs. C. .1. Hlnk of San Fran-
cisco and Johann Selk, Mrs. Johann Wlls-
husen, aged 81 years 7 months and 8 days.
I SMITH— fn Oakland. March 4, 189S, at the
residence of her daughter, 1.1 rs. C. G. Sim-
onds, Jane C. relict of the late Captain C
H. Smith, and beloved mother of Mrs. H. W
Scheld. Mrs. C. G. Simonds Mrs. M\ H
Wessling. Mrs. H. Vanler. Mrs. A. Geautlt
and James L. and Charles H. Smith, aged
6f« years 11 months and 15 days.
(DTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her son, Mr. Charles H. Smith, 1120 Broad -
■way, between Jones and Leavenworth. In-
terment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
SIMPSON— In this city, March 4, 189 S. Hairy,
beloved husband of Mary Simpson, a native
of San Francisco, aged 33 years.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), fit 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2530 Golden Gate avenue, near First,
thence to Odd Fellows' Cemetery, where the
remains will be cremated. Please omit flow-
ers.
STONE— In Oakland, March 4, 1898. Colonel
Marshal N.. beloved husband of Elizabeth
Stone, and father of Preston Stone, a native
of Kentucky, aged 55 years and 6 months.
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of Mr. William I. Salkeld. UK Eighth street,
Oakland, near Center-street station, broad-
gauge railroad. Interment private, at Moun-
tain View Cemetery.
SULLIVAN— In South San Francisco. March 5,
1S&8, at 16.-|0 Fifteenth avenue south. John,
dearly beloved and oldest son of Daniel and
Johanna Sullivan, brother of Ella. Irene and
Frank Sullivan, and grandson of Edward and
Ellen Daley, a native of San Francisco, aged
6 years' and 2 months.
Zy Funeral strictly private. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
TARACCO— In San Jose, March 3 1898. Veron-
ica Tabacco, a native of Italy, a«ed 44 years.
WALSH— In this city, March S. 1898. at her
residence, 2618 McAllister street, Ann, be-
loved wife of Patrick J. Walsh, and mother
of Edward. William, Kate and John Walsh,
a native of San Francisco, aged 33 years 2
months and 3 days.
IC?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2filS McAllister street, thence to Star
of the Sea Church, Tenth avenue, between
Point Lobos avenue and Clement street, for
services, commencing at 2 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
WALSH— In this city, March 4. 1898, Charles
J., dearly beloved son of Mary Ann E. and
the late Walter Walsh, a native of San
Francisco, aged 41 years.
CTThe funeral will take plnce this day
(Sunday), at 9:45 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, M 3 Oak street, thence to Sacred
Henrt Church. Flllmore and Fell streets,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
WEEKS— In this city. March 5, IS9S. Jane, be-
loved wife of W. H. Weeks, and sister of
W. P. Rogers of Grass Valley and Henry P.
Rogers of London. England, a native of Eng-
land, aged SS years and 2 months.
ETThe remains will be shipped this day
(Sunday), at 8 o'clock a. m. to Nevada City,
Nevada County. Cal.. where funeral and in-
terment will take place Tuesday. March 8.
Please omit flowers.
WULLENWERER— In Martinez. February 26.
IS9K, Henry N. Wullenweber, a native of Ger-
many, aged 76 years.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER. I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS _ EMBALMERB B
20 Nf-TH ST., Opp. Lincoln School. . I
____^^__Telephone, SouthBo^^^^^^^^l
JAS. ENGLISH. , T. R. CARBW.
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMEIiS.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS. . ' • .
41 Van Ness aye., near Market St.. San
Francisco. Telephone So. 15«. '■".•.- - • ■-:
Estab. 1858. " Tel. South 47.
CRAIG & COCHRAN CO.
Funeral Directors and Embalmcrs,
22, 24 AND 26 MINT AVENUE.
Lady, assistants. • Spacious chapel for the us*
of our patrons. ' Rubber tires on our ambulance.
MOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
M McLelsh, I>env«-r Dr X M Lundborg, Cal
J M (Has*. Los Ang T F Ryan Now York
W L Hardison. Cal Mrs T F Ryan, N V
J J Dolan, Coultervlle Miss I.ai;l» : N V
J C Charpentier, Mcx J Ryan, New York
Mrs Charpentier, Mcx Mrs H Glass. Mare Is
H Lees, Virginia F V Keesling, Ktanfrd
Mrs H Lees. Virginia C Hayden. Boston
C A Parmelee, Los An H G Stevenson, Menlo
Dr J A Curnow, Cal Mrs Stevenson, Menlo
Mrs J A Curnow, Cal C Bayly. Menlo
M A Uawley. N V | Mrs C Bayly. Menlo
A F Gleasmann, Mass !j W Parmelee, Chicago
Miss M Miller, Ind Mrs W P Hulbert, d
J E Maple. Chicago & c. New York
F W Crocker. Denver H C Hulbert, N V
H Pocieroy, Stanford A Woods, Wheeling
O Hane, New York S T McKnight, Minn
Mrs 0 Hane. N V Mrs McKnight. Minn
V P Mathlvet. Ohio S McKnight, Minn
Mrs L A Warden, Pa |H A Smith. Minn
Miss Warden, Pa Mrs H A Smith, Minn
Miss R Warden. Pa iMiss A Smith. Minn
E Lowe. Michigan ij O Covert. Troy
Mrs E Lowe, Michigan i Mrs J O Covert. Troy
D B Lowe, Michigan A Gray. Indiana
Miss Lowe & md.Michc F S<o»t. New York
E R Kellogg. NY R M Leiter. Stanford
II Jacoby, New York A Naumberg &w. NT
A D Sheridan. Chicago Miss Goldsmith. Ohio
Mrs Sheridan, Chicago R A Parker & w, Cal
J B Hohson. Vanoouvr C W Shearman. N V
Mrs Hobson. Vanoouvr L .1 Marls, Chicago
H Kempner, Chicago !s Mackay &w, Pomon
GRAND HOTEL.
J Sumner. Boston .1 W Hill. Trenton
I. X Derby «L- W, Plyth A M Robb, Port Costa
E J Fraser. Rio Vista F C Gibbons. Stockton
H H Kercheval. Traak C M Baker. Stockton
A J Conrad. L Angles W X. Baker, Stockton
H Dennlson. Cal IE A Donahoo. Fresno
J B Miller. Denver L H Smith. Fresno
I) H Wyckoff. WoodM Q W Forbes & w. Cal
F 11 Green. S Rafael McNaul. Bradley
F P Ban". Snn Joae J Dirk & w. Ind
E C Hopkins, Sacto J R Slack & w. Ind
J E Walsh. Auburn F: G Hewitt, Ind
H Q Squler. Han Jose W X Reed. Burllngm
Dr Cninz .4- w. Alamd E W Thatcher. Hopld
L C Muir, Stanfi<rd .1 L Bond, L'kiah
W D Oossard. S Jose J R Moore. Uklah
A W Ingatsler, S Jose W Coughran, S Rosa
C Gilsey &w. Gilroy T E Manchester. Sktn
W C Howai'l & w. Cal R Southworth. Seattle
\V L Steward. MarysvllG W Coy, Seattle
Mrs W Johnson. StktnJ M Coubrey. WintTg
W Smythe. NY ' X Wtepnenson. Wlntrs
Q RethernrM. Sn Jose j F Mason. Sacto
H C Newton, Mass H F Daugberg, Carson
B F McCullMiißh. Cal (Mrs J Branan. Kans C
L F Warner. B C I Miss Botter. Stun ford
A C Larkln. Vallejo Mlns F R Saves. Stnfd
W H Qaffett. Auburn Miss A W Flinn. Stnfd
Mrs B Cowan, S Bdno Miss (> J Flinn. Stnfd
J Alexander. Susanvle W G M Horton. N V
Mrs Browning. S Jose P II Booth. Berkeley
D J Praden. L Angeles ij H Jenkins. Val Ford
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
C CMcßride. Portland W Williams. S Jose
J S Astley. p'resno jD Wulff. Carson City
L A Steefe & s,LAng;C Jnhansen. Sacto
R B Bradley, S Jose V Maitland. Dlxon
R Woodson Seattle H Welt*, Colorado
P J Frederick?. Seattl Miss Coleman. Colo
C P Olvens. Ind Mrs A A Knott. Colo
J Dick & w. Ind ,A King, T* V
J R Slack &w, Ind Mrs C Stuart. Sacto
E J Hewitt & w. Ind F Parker, T'kiah
W Munsey* w.L Ang Mrs McDanlels, Aubn
C Clinton & w, Clnn ! T Maher. Cal
Mrs D McLaughlln, i J H Gilmore, Alaska
Winnipeg :Dr H Lafton, La
Miss J Mclaughlin F D Scott &w. Kans
Winnipeg iMrs L Smith A s.Arlz
G Hatch, Cal F J Slavln. Portland
H C Tully, Oakdale Mrs Howard. Sacto
A R Bird, Cal
BALDWIN HOTEL.
G Davis. Cleveland i D J Medbury, N T
Mrs G Itavls. Clevelndi L Isaacs, N V
M Harris. Oakland i F Burke. San Luis O
Dr C A Devlin. Vallejo Mrs F Burke. San L O
S L Veatch, Chicago J L Depau 4 Kern
E Potter. 11l Mrs P Castle. Stockton
Mrs E Potter, 111 G A Gutman. Cal
A Cohn. Stockton J Moulton. P Costa
C B Jacob. L Ang A C Llghthall. Chicago
W Gregory, St Louis Miss M C Emery, Cal
Mrs M E Flow.'., Cal > Miss N Emery, Cal
Miss C P Brown. Cal I Mrs E Emery. Cal
I M Robinson. Tkiah L Questermann, Cal .
C Hume. L Ang E Mansfield. N V
Mrs O Thompson, Cal F Stlnzel,. S Lorenzo
Mrs E I^atrel. Oakland: J Backer. Oakland
W D Davis. Berkeley L D Flnnigan & 1 , N V
RZAL ESTATE TBANSACTIONS.
R. H. McDonald (by R. I. Whelan. Sheriff)
to C. S. Nellis, lot on NE corner Scott and
Waller streets, N 137:6 by E 107:6; $7000.
Sarah A. Phillips to Joseph Rosenzw«;ig, lot
on S line of- Post street, 189 E of Buchanan.
E 25:9. S 137:6, W 24:9, N 23, W 1, N 114:6,
quitclaim deed; $10.
Hannah A. Merritt to James P. Merritt, lot
on E lln* Stelner street. 53 N of Sacramento.
N 25, E 93:9. S 25. W 95:9; gift.
Cornelius C. and Bridget Murphy to Felix
A. and Bertha Hahn. lot on S line of Grove
street. 1S1:3 E of Lyon, E 21;10H by S 112:6;
$10.
Otto H. Groenevrald to Samuel E. Taylor,
lot on N line of Fulton street. 56:3 E of Central
avenue <I,ott). E 25 by N 100, quitclaim deed;
$10.
I>eonard J. and Dlna C. Gates to Henry
BoblS, lot on N line of Fell street, 12S \\ of
Masonic. W 25 by N 137; $10.
James W. and Charlotte F. Edwards to H.
FranolH Anderson, lot on N line of Washing
ton street, 103 W of Spruce. W 75 by N 127 :b%;
$10.
Charles W. and Jennie Rosenbaum to Charles
Daißs, lot on E line of Hoft avenue. 201 :7 Sof
Si.\t.»»nth street, S 135:4^ by E 85:7; $10.
'•arollne C. Butler to John Fopplano (as ex
ecutor estate Giovanni B. Manglni. lot on E
line of Oakwood (Fair Oaks) street. XSB B of
Eighteenth, S 7 E, 105 N 11 degrees 10 minutes.
W 7. W to beginning; $300.
Benjamin Cashen to Teresa Figone (wife of
Domenico). lot on S line of Vallejo street, 117:6
W of Montgomery. W 20 by 8 45:6; $10.
William L#vlston to George Levlston. un
divided tt of lot on 8 line of Bush street. 68:6
E of Powell. E 23 by S 67:6: $5.
Edith Kahn. George D., L C. and Ivy M.
Bunker and Ella Horton to Helen A. Bunker,
undivided H of following: l*»t on W line of
Tenth avenue. 250 N of A street. N 25 by W
120; lot on NW line of Brannan street. 200 NW
of Sixth. NE 75 by NW 110; also property In
outside counties; $9106.
M. M. and Theresa Regensbunrer, Joseph K.
and Annie Birr to Elizabeth N. Hurley, lot on
W line of Fortieth avenue, 176 N of U Btreet,
N 50 by W 120: $10.
Edward E. Whitney to Bertha L. Whitney,
lots 169, 171. 173 and 175, Gift Map 2: gilt.
I-ena and Andrew Chrlstensen to Alice M.
Willis (wife of H. R.). lot on W line of Allen
or Bronte street. 150 N of Jefferson. N 25 by
W 70, lot 1095, Gift Map 2; $10.
H. J. Aver to Mary A. Meier. lota ?6 to »
and W v, of Jot 30, block 10, University Mound
Survey Homestead; grant.
Alameda County.
Warren Oillrlen to John White, lot on N line
of Fourth street 121 E of Harrison, X 29 by
N 100, block 39. Oakland: »1.
Philip and Cenia J. Schley to Saturnine and
Mnrie Lavielle. lot on SW line of East Twelfth
street. 191 NW of Commerce. SW 100 by NW 25.
East Oakland; $10.
Mellseent K. Blake to K. and Anna E. Goe
bel, lot 17, block F, southern portion Blake
Tract. Berkeley; fio.
Henry Z. and Sarah M. Jones to Emma. B
THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES.
Rev. J. G. Gibson
"Teaching the Angels."
Have Loved Thee."
Even-
Emmanuel Baptist, Twenty-third and
Bart lett street
First Baptist, Eddy street, near Jones
Rev. E. A. Woods
"The Mission of a Church."
— "At Thy Word I Will.''
German Baptist. Seventeenth and De-
hon streets
Rev. H. L. Dieta
Morning-"The Spiritual Fellowship With
the Lord." Evening— "The Right Lee
of the Grace of God."
Hamilton Square Baptist, Post street,
near Steiner
Rev. W. C. Jenkins
lorning— "A Working Church" Even-
ing— "An Exhaustive Test of Love.
Catholic Sailors' Union, Mission street,
near the water front
Paulist Fathers
Holy Cross, E.ldy and Scott streets
Father MacGinty
~_"Ood Created Our First Pareni
and Holy." Evening— Benediction.
Father St. Andrew
of
God."
Our Lady of Guadalupe, Broadway, near
Mason street
Our Lady of Victories, Bush street, near
Stockton
Marist Fathers .
on y Father Loude.
and Rosary
Franciscan Fathers
day.
Evening—
St. Boniface, Golden Gate avenue, near
Jones street
St. Brigid's, Van Ness avenue and Broad-
way
Father Cottle
pel of the day.
and Vespers.
Evening —
St. Dominic's, Steiner and Bush streets..
Dom I n 1 can Fa t h era
Sunday of Lent. Evening
Benediction and Rosary.
Fat her Carraher
"On the Love of God."
Evening
St. Francis, Vallejo street and Mont-
gomery avenue
St. Ignatius. Hayes street and Van Ness
avvnue
Jesuit Fathers •
by Father J. P. Frieden.
■ Mahoney will preach on
the People, the Voice of
St. James, Twenty-third and Guerrero Bt«.
Fa t her Lynch -
and Gospel.
Evening— ■
St. Mary's, California and_Dupont streets.
Paullst Fathers
nntlnuation of mission. Evening
by Father Younan.
St. Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue
and O'Farrell street
Father Prendergast
[orning — Sermon by His Grace. Archbishop
Riordan. 3 p. m.— Calvarian Society.
"Women of the Passion." Evening — Ser-
mon by Father Prendergast.
Father Kane
"Our First Parents."
Evening —
8t. Patrick. Third and Mission streets....
St. Peters. Twenty-fourth street, near
Alabama
Father Casey -
of mission for women by
Evening — Vespers.
Bethany Congregational, Bartlett street,
near Twenty -fifth
Rev. W. C. Pond
g— "Do Good to
's Love."
All."
Evening-
Bethlehem Congregational
Rev. W. H. Tubb«
Morning— "Contend for the Faith Which
Was Delivered to the Saints." Evening—
"Blessed Are They That Do His Com-
mandments."
•
First Congregational, Post and Mason sts.
Rev. d. C. Adams
Morning— "The Three Crosses." Evening—
"The Sabbath Was Made for Man."
Olivet Congregational, Seventeenth and Noe
streets
Rev. H. T. Shephard
[orning— "Our Father."
ing by the pastor.
Evening— Preach-
Plymouth Congregational, Post street, near
Webster
Rev. F. B. Chertngton
Morning— "God Gives as Men Use
Gifts." Evening — "Eyes That
Holden."
His
Are
Richmond Congregational Church, Seventh
avenue and Clement street I
Rev. P. Coombe
Morning— "The Trinity a Divine Institu-
tion." Evening — "Righteousness and Sal-
vation as the Result of Faith and its
Confession."
•
Third Congregational, Fifteenth street,
near Mission
R*v. William Rader
Morning— "The Adventure of
Abraham. 1
First Christian. Twelfth street, near Mis-
sion
Rev. F. S. Ford
— "World-wide Evangelization."
g— "Christ's Vicegerent."
West Side Christian. Bush street, between
Scott and DevlBadero
Rev W A Gardner I Morning— "Progress of Christianity." (II-
I lustrated.) Evening— "Is the Intelligent
j Agno6tlc Sincere?"
Church of the Advent. Eleventh street,
near Market
Rev. Mr. Emery,
Communion.
Evening — Song
Grace Episcopal, California and Stockton
streets
Rev. Dr. Foute
Evening— Monthly festival service,
cantata. "The Holy City."
Sacred
Presidio Chapel, Presidio Reservation
Rev. D. O. Kelly
Morning — "The Laborers Are Few."
St. Luke's, Van Ness avenue and Clay st. ..
Rev. W. H. Moreland
Morning— "Everyday Christianity." Even-
ing—Preaching by Rev. Mr. Shaw.
St. Paul's. California street, near Stelner..
Rev. W. M. Rellley
Morning— Preaching by the pastor.
Ing — Preaching by the pastor.
Even-
Trinity Church, Bush and Gough streets..
Rev. H. E. Cooke
Communion. Evening — Len-
ten service.
Bethel African M. E., Powell street, near
Jackson
Rev. W. B. Anderson
Morning— "The Measure of God's Help."
Evening— "The Lord's Supper."
California Street M. E. Church, California
and Broderick streets
Rev. J. W. Pheips
Morning— "A Strange Fellowship; a Gar-
den and a Grave." Evening— "The Voice
of Truth More Powerful Than Any Su-
pernatural Visitation Can Be."
Central Methodist. Mission street, near
Sixth
Rev. C. E. Locke
Morning — "Consecrated Coblers." Evening
— "Shall Men Be Abolished, or Are Boys
Worth Saving?"
Epworth M. E., Church and Twenty-
nixth streets
Rev. W. M. Woodward
a. m. — Sunrise prayer meeting. 6:30 p. tn.
— "Directed to Personal Work."
FlTBt M. E., Powell St.. near Washington..
Rev. W. S. Urmy
10 a. m. — Class meeting. 6:30 p. m. — "Di-
rected to Personal Work."
.-•■»■'' • -
Fifteenth Avenue M. E.. Fifteenth ave-
nue south and P street
Rev. H. Pearce
i a. m. — Class meeting,
ing by the pastor.
Evening — Preach-
Grace M. E.. Twenty-first and Capp
Rev. J. N. Beard
Howard Street M. E.. Howard street, near
Second
Rev. J. A. B. Wilson
Morning — "The True Dignity of Man."
Evening — "The Advantage of Goodness."
Japanese M. E . 1329 Pine street
Mary M. Bowen, Evangelist
Morning — "All for the Honor and Glory of
God."
Potrero M. E., Tennessee and Solano sts..
Rev. D. W. Chllson
Morning — Sermon by pastor. Evening — Ad-
dress by Mrs. Louise Thompson.
Richmond M. E., Fifth avenue, near Point
Lobos avenue
Rev. A. Anderson
Evening — Preaching by the pastor, who has
been ill for some time.
Simpson Memorial, Hayes and Buchanan
j streets !
; — "The Last Words." Evening —
World That Lost Its Light."
Trinity M. E.. Sixteenth. Market and Noe
st ree tu
Rev. H. W. Pearce
10:15 a. m.— "The Holy Spirit." 11 a. m.—
"A Fine Photograph of a Genuine Chris-
tian." 3:30 p. m.— "The Wealth and
Worth of Womanhood," for women only.
5:45 p. m.— "A Kaffir Land Convert." 6:30
p. m. — "A Surrendered Life." 7:30 p. m.
— "Destiny."
\
Rev. E. Nelander
Scales of
" Even-
First English Lutheran. Geary street, near
Gough
Calvary Presbyterian, Powell and Geary
streets
Rev J. Hemphill
"The King of Love."
;d Luminaries."
First Presbyterian, Van Ness avenue and
Sacramento street
Rev. R. Mackenzie
IMorning— "The Beauty of Moral Qualities."
Evening— "The Home and the Sabbath."
Howard Presbyterian, Oak and Baker sts..
Rev. F. R. Farrand
Morning — "Well Doing." Evening — Special
service in charge of the ladies.
Memorial Presbyterian, Eighteenth street
and Railroad avenue
Rev. H. N. Bevler
Morning — "Northward." Evening — "Does
the Workingman Need the Sabbath?'"
, ■ ■. ■ . .
Westminster Presbyterian, Pa*e and Web-
ster streets
Rev. S. S. Cryor...
Morning — Christian Endeavor. Evening —
"Philadelphia, the City of the Poor
Church."
Trinity Presbyterian. Twenty-third and
Capp streets .•
Rev. A. N. Carson
Morning — "The Boards of Our Church."
Evening — "The Danger of Little Sins."
First Unitarian. G«ary and Franklin sts..
Rev. H.
.11 are cordially invited.
Second Unitarian. Twenty-first and Capp
streets • • • •
Rev. A. J. Wells
"The Church and Liberty." Even-
ellgion and the Church."
ing-'
Bush Street Temple. Bush and Laguna sts.
Ra bbi Mye rs
Evening— "Dreyfus and Zola."
First Church of Christ, Scientist, 223 Sut-
ter street
The Bible and Science and Health with
Key to the Scriptures
Evening— "Jesus' Observance of the Sab-
bath. *
Salvation Army, 1139 Market street
Major Keppell
Morning— Song service.
Converted Sinner."
Evening— "The
y. M. C. A., Mason and Ellis streets....
C. B. Willis 13 p. m.— Mass meeting for men only, "In-
I temperance."
Shores, lots 22 and 23. block 12. Allendale Tract.
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Antonio da C. Ferrns to Maria da C. Ferras,
lot 12, block 4. Ward Tract, Eden Township;
* X paul and Mar; J. Lohse to Victor Metcalf,
lot on X line of Franklin street. 345 N of Du
rant E 150, N 5; thence N on a line deflective
10 degrees 4 minutes to the left. 46:7; thence \V
142 S r .O to beginning, block 2T3, Oakland; $10.
Same to same, lot on S line of Grand avenue.
190 E of Webster street, E 200 by S 107, being
nortion Boulevard Terrace. Oakland; $10.
Felix A and Bertha Hahn to Cornelius C.
Murphy lot on S line of JJelger or Twentieth
•treetn] 491:11 E of San Pablo avenue, E 32:4
by S S6. block 2002. Hogan Tract. Oakland; $10.
Martha A. Llnderman to F. W. and Stella
X Nelson, lot on NE line of Hamilton place.
83 95 NW of Oakland avenue, NW 30 by NE
90, being lot 4, Hamilton Tract, Oakland, quit
claim deed: $10.
M 1j and Rebecca Wurts to Effie A. Berlin,
lot on NE line of Ea*t Ninth street. 33:4 NW of
Fourth avenue, NW 33.4 by NE 100, block 7,
Clinton, East Oakland; $10.
James Stanley (administrator of estate of
William W. NlckalH. by Sheriff) to Kimball
G. Easton. lot 1 and 2, block F. Clinton Mound
Tract, East Oakland: $352.
Charles S. and Helen W. Shaner et al. (by
commissioner) to Mutual Savings Bank, lot on
E line of Broadway, 147 S of Santa Clara ave
nue, S 49 by E 140:2. being portion Hays and
Caperton property. Alameda; $4671.
Hebecke and Dorothea Garlisch to Joseph
Ireland, lot on S line of Enctnal avenue. 50 W
of Walnut street. W 50 by S 150, bein* lot
11. block H, lands adjacent to Enclnal, Ala
meda: $2000.
FROM NATURAL CAUSES.
An Anonymous Note Beceived by
Coroner Hawkins Concerning a
Death in Old People's Home.
Coroner Hawkins received through the
mails yesterday an anonymous note, writ
ten on the blank side of a visiting card,
notifying him that a cook had died in
the Old People's Home, on the corner of
Pine and Pierce streets; that opium
poisoning was the cause of the man's
death, and suggesting that the matter
should be investigated. On the other side
of the card was printed the name, "Mr.
Robert D. Merrill." 4
The Coroner made inquiry, and learned
that the deceased was Antonio Fusani, 84
years old. who has been an Inmate of
the home for many years. For the past
seven years he has been bedridden. He
had been attended by Dr. Woodward, the
house physician, who gave a certificate to
the effect that death had been caused by
cerebral inflammation. Dr. Hawkins
there-upon decided not to take any fur
ther notice of the anonymous communi
cation.
■ m ■
SIMPSON'S DEATH.
The Body of the Custom-House In
spector Will Be Cremated
To-Morrow.
Henry Simpson, the Custom-house Tn-
Bpector, who died last Friday night from
'' _ ..,',,.... ADVERTISEMENTS. •
809 Market St., cor. Fourth, 2nd floor Flood Bid g, Room 7.
CONSULTATION FREE!.
FREE— TO DEMONSTRATE OUR PAIN- -v V«il nT?A. *
LESS METHODS of EXTRACTION, etc., we \t\tw*'* "■/"• C fi~ /
will devote one hour each day to FREE EX- V «®sV vN A/ Jfßr
TRACTION. 10 to 11 a. m. The clinic is always "^Aw^?hV< \\ /» ' SIS '&/ **.
ahead In advanced dental science. \No students v^Vvs. \— i Lj»±C- * tk.
employed. •.■.:...•: Aft '^t&r*&K ' £*P
For. the next thirty days our prices will be: -^^.- ' - ■.'■'-<■ £%?? '*?' >%!& '■<r~?TZ- "^3p'
FULL SET OF TEETH for ...... ...»4 50 up ■ ?~3fa(, 's/f'^ %&k^ T
GOLD CROWNS. 22k 360 up -^ — \Zti i ': //»#Z>i !VPL^ '
BRIDGE WORK, per tooth 350 up —Wf^nO B^r>^«s&^Sf JfLl tuis
GOLD FILLING Tec up ™ C IA/ S W^B^B\ AtkJ HIS
SILVER FILLING ....;•. .-...;..- 25c up «*>« 4jß& ''**!%■ \^X """^--^ '
CLEANING TEETH .................... 60c up *P^j^&£ J^^^''-\\ YOU
NO PAIN in extracting and no charge when *>' Wfci--£a'^fc "\ *
plates are; ordered. . .^ «>^ Wfe.' JF \. :'3 Extracted
. Work done as well at night as by daylight by ____. .T' C (Icinpn
• the. modern electrical devices, used her.-. Lady TLLTU Y^f' ffk. ' »// rlul " 1 - 1 '""
attendant. A physician always In attendance I P P I 11 ill £V; CROWNED
Don't forget the 4 number— • •-. . ■ ■"•"■■■ y^JfH9 ,][ mar. - "f» rji.-«r j i .-«, M *
, WITHOUT PAIN. • ' I ? rlu * c Wlm
. Rj«j«, r DR . t.;e. strong, •"JJ-g^^-.-IJ;*
, Office Houra~» a. m. to 10 p. m.; . Suudays 0 to 12 m.
injuries received a few days ago by th«
falling: of a warehouse door upon him at
the Mall dock, will be cremated to-mor
row. An inquest will be held by the
Coroner next week.
The deceased was a native of this city,
33 years old. and had been in the Custom
house service since May 7, IS9I. He left
a widow and a five-months' old baby to
mourn the loss of one of the kindest of
husbands and fathers. He had only a
short time ago began buying a little home
at 2830 Golden Gate avenue on the install
ment plan, and devoted his two weeks'
vacation to fixing it up.
At the funeral to-morrow a delegation
of his brother inspectors will act as pall
bearers.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
KIDNAPED A
YOUNG WIFE
Fears of Mrs. Lemery,
the Mother of Mrs.
Streuber.
The Girl Told by an Officer
She Was Wanted as a
Witness.
No Subpena Was Issued and the
Child Spouse Is Now
Missing.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, March 5.
Mrs. Dora Streuber is missing and
her mother declares she has been kid
naped.
A few weeks ago Dora's husband was
sent to San Quentin for three years fur
placing his young wife in an improper
the day after their marriage. Dora
i? but 16, and the trial brought out pos-,
tive evidence that Stivuber knew what
he was doing and the character of the
to which he was taking his wife,
while she did not.
This morning: Mrs. Lemery. Dora's
mother, came to Oakland from Fruit
where phe has been living with
her daughter since the arrest of Streu
ber. She says the girl was enticed away
from home by a man who said he was
Constable Jack Robinson, and who fur
ther stated that Dora was wanted as a
witness in a chicken stealing case in
Justice Cliffs court to-day. There is a
Constable at Fruitvale named Jack
Robinson, but he is not the man who
served the subpena, and when Mrs.
Lemery came to Justice Cliffs court
this morning she found that there was
no chicken stealing case on trial and
that her daughter was not wanted for a
witness In any case.
Mrs. Lemery is convinced that the
affair was a scheme to get her daugh
ter away from home, and has asked the
city and county police to make a thor
ough search for her. Constable Hobin-
S"n is also attempting to discover who
impersonated him.
A Defective Ordinance.
ALAMEDA, March s.— At the meeting of !
the Board of Health last evening the at- j
tention of that body was called to the]
ordinance with regard to doing plumbing.!
The measure prohibits plumbers from ;
doing certain work, except after certain ;
preliminaries have been complied with. ;
But ii says nothing about persons who
are not plumbers doing that work. Hence
it has come about that such persons fr>-
quently undertake the tasks referred to.
SLnd the sanitary inspector can do noth-
Ing. because they are not plumbers and;
are not amenable to the law. It is prob
able that the wording of the ordinance'
will be changed bo as to make it cover i
all persons, plumbers as well as others.
Board of Health.
ALAMEDA. March s— At the meeting
of the Board of Health last evening it \
- reported that there had been seven- j
; deaths during the month, with eight
births. Fifteen cases of Inf*:-ctious j
■ :i^-n<*e.-< were reported, as follows: Ty
,evcr 3, chicken-pox 6. diphtheria 2. j
Bcarlet fever 2, measles 1 and whooping- j
cough 1.
A letter was received from Dr. McLean,
Health Officer, who is in Washington.!
saying that he was putting in his time !
rating oysters. The board thought this a
very laudable occupation, so long as he
did not get a fit of indigestion.
A request was received from the puhlic
librarian that families where there are |
contagious diseases be notified that no j
books will be issued to them and that'
books already issued must be fumigated, j
The matter was referred to the proper
committee.
Convict Gay an Alamedan.
ALAMEDA, March f..— Charles Gay, the
convict who was assaulted at San Quentln
yesterday and cut in the face, was form
erly a resident of .nis city. He was em
ployed in a teastore here, and about a
year ago was arrested for bigamy. He
was convicted and sentenced to serve
four years for his crime. While here he
l good reputation.
Alameda News Notes. *
AT.AMEDA. March s.— Mile Golden Gate
Gun -ub and the Empire Gun Club will
hold shooting matches at West Alameda
to-morrow. ■ .
The choir of the Park-street M. E.
Church was 'tendered a reception last |
even <g at the residence of Mrs. J. D.
Jamison. An interesting programme was
rendered and refreshments were served. j
The will of August Fromm has been
filed for probate. It leaves the entire
estate, valued at $20,000, to his son and
daughter. ' • -
Company G will hold its regular month
ly shoot to-morrow at the High-street
range. The new uniforms for the com
pany are expected to arrive next month. !
■ ♦ ■ — - —
Young People's Convention.
OAKLAND, March s.— The annual ele<*- j
tlon of officers of the Alameda County
Christian Bndeavor Union wiH take place
Friday afternoon at the I'nion Street
Presbyterian church. The session opens
at 3:30 o'clock with devotional exercises
led by Rev. D. J. Pierce of Berkeley.
Then will come the reports of the "offi- j
cers and the election. "Glimpses of Sea- I
man's Rest" will be the theme of Mrs. j
Edmund Taylors address upon the work I
fur sailors in this port. Basket lunch and
a quiet hour will precede the evening j
session. Rev. 11. D. Brasefield will deliv< r .
the evening address upon the topic "In
His Steps."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OTFREETOMEN
The State Medical Institute Discovers &
Remarkable Remedy for Lost
Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
Free samples of a most remarkable
remedy are being distributed by the State
Medical Institute, Fort Wayne, Ind. It
cured so many men who had battled for ,
years ugainst the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the; insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It is a home j
treatment and all men who suffer with
any form of sexual weakness resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss ol
strength and memory, weak back, varico-
• eh . or emaciation of parts; can now cure
themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct !
to the desired location giving strength !
and development just where it is needed.
11 cures all the ills ami troubles that i
come from years of Tnisu?'' jot the natural ,
functions unii has been an absolute suc-
cess in all cases. A request to the State
Medical Institute, 192 First National .Bank '■
Building 1 , Tort Wayne, Ind., stating that (
yr«u desire one of their free trial pack- ,
ages will be complied -with. The institute
is desirous of reaching that great class
of men who arc- unable to leave home to
be treated and the free sample will en-
able them to sec bow easy it is to be |
cured of sexual weakness when the
proper remedies an- < m ployed.' The In- j
Btltute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed in a plain package so
that its recipient need have no' fpar of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are i
requested to write without dolay.
MISS PHARAOH
DISAPPEARS
Now Reposes in the Old
Junkshops of the
City.
Result of the Agitation to
Improve Clinton
Park.
Work of "Art" Being Replaced by
a Plan Eased on Nature's
Effect
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, March 5.
The agitation over the desecration of j
Clinton Park by its ambitious gardener j
has ended in a complete reform. Pha
raoh's daughter has gone, and some of i
the gseen-painted soup kettles and fry- •
ing pans that the gardener classified
as works of art have also disappeared.
Under the supervision of the com
mittee appointed by the Board of
Works to remodel the park, and make
it a thing of beauly, instead of an ag
ricultural junkhouse, excellent work
has been done. Little by little the "or
naments" have been removed. There
is still an arch of questionable archi
tecture over one of the walks, but the
committee has decided that it shall be
painted green, and instead of support
ing iron caldrons and decorated nail
kegs, it shall be naturally adorned with
clematis and smilax.
In the center of the park, where once
was a wooden female figure with a
birdcage on her head and surrounded
by a border of "snag-finished rock,"
there is now an attractive flower bed.
A few days ago it was decided that the
hid'-ous figure must go. This is the
figure over which archaeologists and
scientists differed and which was fin
ally traced through the archives of the
Mercantile Library to be a model of
Pharaoh'B daughter, according to Col
onel Robert Jackson.
Now Miss Pharaoh reposes In the
corporation yard and at the next junk
sale will probably be sold for 25 cents
for firewood. The gaudily colored
borders are also being replaced by
grass and the park, when rehabilitated,
will be more attractive and far more
natural than before the agitation com
menced. NQthing is heard of the $250
greenhouse that was the last straw in
amusing the opposition. After all that
j had been done the residents could not
'■ stand the greenhouse addition, and
! their objection led to the present im
j provement, in which artist R. D. Yel
! land is taking an active part.
DR. SHANNON IS
NEARLY KILLED
Thrown From His Buggy and
Injured Probably Beyond
Recovery.
For Several Weeks His Wifa Has
Been Seriously 111 and Her
Death Expected.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, March 5.
Dr. J. M. Shannon was thrown from
his buggy at Frultvalc to-night, and but
little hope is held out for his recovery.
His wife has been fighting death for some
weeks, and it is feared that the shock
of her husband's accident may be fatal
to her.
As the doctor was returning from a visit
to Fruitvale this evening his horse was
frightened by a Haywards electric car at
the junction of East Fourteenth street
and Twenty-sixth avenue. .The .animal,
which is a spirited one. jumped toward
the track and the wheels struck so heav
ily against the rails that the" vehicle was
turned over. Dr. Shannon was hurled
against the rails and struck on the left
frontal bone, which was completely shat
tered.
The injured man was -brought into town
on the electric car, and at his office was
attended by Drs. Buteau. Porter Mahler
and Fisher. The wound on the head was
found to be very serious, and the doctors
fear that the patient will never recover
consciousness. • : '
Mrs. Shannon is seriously ill and for
some months her life has been despaired
of. She will not be made- .aware of the
full extent of her husband's injury un
less such a step shall be rendered neces
sary. , ' .' • ■•'
A TIPPLING HORSE.
Ran Away With a Young Lady and '
Galloped Into a Saloon. -.-
OAKLAND. March s.— Miss Mabel Gray
of Haywards found herself In : a saloon
the other v morning under very peculiar
circumstances. She is a schoolgirl and j
always goes to and from school on her j
horse. The other morning' the horse took '
fright and ran off with the girl on its ;
back. ■ She made no effort to euro it-, but- ;
bent all her energies to keep it from run
ning into anything, and in this : she 'was ]
successful. ••,..•••■
The animal turned up the road leading'
to Castro Valley, and did not stop until
it reached a" saloon a mile or so up the' .
road. To the girl's great surprise, the
horse ran right into the doorway, put
its head over the counter and stood there |
until it had been riven the drippings of'
the beer cask ou of a bucket: When Its
thirst was quenched the animal was quite
tractable, and Miss Gray had no trouble
in leading him- home. •• ■
Anti-Trading Stamp Ordinance.
OAKLAND, ? March Judge Allen |
listened to the arguments , of Attorneys
George E. de Golia, H. :C. Gesford and ]
Prosecuting Attorney H. A. Melvin, this
morning in the Police Court. upon the
constitutionality of the anti-trading
stamp ordinance. The defense cited the j
decision of Judge Peckham of New York, !
in which he held the code unconstitutional
that prohibited the giving of coupons with
sales. Mr. Melvin's answer was. that
the question sifted "itself- down to the
point as to whether the passage of the
prohibiting ordinance was a reasonable
restraint upon. trade. The court will hand
down - a written opinion on Tuesday, but
intimated to-day that the city did not j
have the power to pass- such an ordi
nance.
"•' - • Shipped to Seattle.
OAKLAND, March James Sullivan,
arrested in the saloon of Ellis & Kohl at
Seventh and Chester' streets, will be es
corted aboard of a steamer Monday,
bound for Seattle,- and warned .to stay
away "from this city. He was the 'man :
who" began the assault upon Policeman i
McCrimmons five years ago at West Oak
land.' He was charged with assault with ■
a deadly weapon in- the Police Court to- .
day.' but Judge Allen* allowed the case
to' be dropped on his "attorney's, promise
that he would leave the /State. Officers :
will see; that he goes. .,• .. ■ I : '.r
Business Property Sold. .
" OAKLAND, March s.— The secorid large j
transaction In business 'property in this
city within a fortnight is reported to-day.
The la.rye three-story.rbrlck building. on
Washington street,' formerly occupied by ,
Christian Schreiber. and* owned by Ed
ward P.. Taylor, has been sold to.a Berke
ley lady; who recently came into quite a
fortune...- The price paid is said to 'have j
been •' 550,000.- • ■ •'-. ".^ •■ --- :■ . •: : v I
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALi., SUNDAY, MAKCH G, IS9B.
WHERE COUNTY
MONEY GOES
Fortunes Spent on Roads
During the Past
Year.
Why Talcott Is Popular With
Wheelmen From San
Francisco.
Much Permanent Work Has Been
Done and Many Bridges Have
Been Built.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, '
908 Broadway, March 5.
The annual report of Alameda Coun- !
ty compiled by County Clerk Jordan is
just about completed, and it shows how
much work has been done in the vari- '
ous road districts and where the money
baa been expended.
The largest district is naturally that
of Supervisor Wells, which includes
several road districts, and much bridge
building and permanent road beds have
been carried out. Altogether Mr. Wells
has spent in Murray and Washington ■
townships duringtheyear 1897 $66,915 40, !
which is $10,593 82 less than the amount
expended the previous year by Super- '.
visor Bailey. Mr. Wells has assisted
indigents during the year to the extent
of $3805 10, as against $5999 40 given
away by Mr. Bailey the previous year.
Murray Township has had $28,621 36 ex
pended on its five road districts, while
Washington Township roads have «■*!*<
the county $38,294 04 tor its seven
tricts.
Supervisor Talcott. from the Second
District, has spent in Fruitvale $21,310;
In Brooklyn, $5864; in San Librenso,
$8559- in Castro Valley, $4013; in Palo
mares. $4175; Mt. Eden, $8595. During
his three years of office, which ended
January 1. Mr. Talcott has expended
$18fi.0i>3 on his road districts. At the
present time the roads in the Second
District, and especially the county road
between Oakland and Hay wards, as
wrtl as the section of roads knuvvn as
the triangle, on which the popular
wheel road races are held, are in bet- r
ter condition than in any past year.
Thousands of cyclists on both sides of
the bay have a personal interest in the
roads under the supervision of Mr. Tal
cott,
The Third District, represented by
Mr.. Church, has no road district, but
the member is responsible in a great
measure for the County Infirmary and
Receiving Hospital. During the year
tnany permanent improvements have
been made, and both institutions are
said by the Grand Jury to be in excel
lent condition.
Supervisor Rogth of the Fourth Dis
trict has not much road work, espe
cially since the largest portion of his
district was annexed to Oakland.
John Mitchell of the Fifth District
also lost a section of his territory by:
annexation. As chairman of the build
ing and finance committees oftheboard,
Mr. Mitchell has had the expenditure of
much money for refurnishing and re
decorating the county buildings. The
system upon which this work is being
done was commended by the last Grand >
Jury, and several thousand dollars
have been saved owing to the daily per
sonal attention given by Mr. Mitchell
to this work.
In a few days the illustrated annual
report will be published, and the vari
ous statements and expenditures of the
different county officials will be set
forth in full.
TIMMS TBACT LITIGATION.
The Sixth Suit Over the Property
in Ten Years Filed in Ala
meda County.
OAKLAND, March 5.— A suit was filed
in the Superior Court this afternoon that
revives the celebrated Timms Point Tract
suit, which was fought in Los Angeles
County so bitterly from 1887 to 1894. H. O.
Mcllen charges E. T. and Matilda Lunt
Barber with holding certain portions of
that property which were deeded them in
trust for the plaintiff and he now seeks
to recover the two-thirds due him This
is the sixth suit that has involved this
property. It is known as lot Q of the
Rancho Palos Verdes.
The plaintiff asks that a receiver be ap
pointed to hold the land in question and
care for all of the interests pending a set
tlement and an accounting of all fund*;
arising from the property in question and
the trust declared valid and Barber be
compelled to return the trust to its owner.
KLONDIKE MISSIONARY.
Rev. W. H. Latourette Appointed to
Make a Tour of Inspection.
OAKLAND. March s.— Rev. W. H. La
tourette, who for ten years has been the
general missionary for the Baptist
churches of Northern and Central Cali
fornia, has been selected to visit the
Klondike district with a~ view of estab
lishing missions. He resigned his position
only a year ago and was succeeded by
Rev. Robert Whittaker.
This move has been contemplated by
the American Baptist Missionary I'nion,
with headquarters In New York City., for
some time, but no one knew who was to
be chosen for this task until the an
nouncement was made last evening at the
reception being tendered Rev, E. R. Ben
nett at the Twenty-third avenue Baptist
Church It created quite a sensation, as
his own family did not know of the move.
Mr. Whittaker made the announcement
and stated that the Baptists of the State
would be asked to fit the gentleman out
f °Vh'e S Mr:Latour
ette "is to have me visit the Klondike
and 'make an eight months' trip through
Alaska to inspect the field as to needs and
opportunities for religious work among the
Kreat crowds who are flocking in there by
the thousands. On my return I shall re
port to the board and they will act on
such recommendations as I shall make.
I believe I am well fitted for the trip, as
1 was a pioneer into some .of the moun
tain counties of this State and know what
It is to sleep on the frozen ground- and
care for. myself. '
ALMOND DIXON DEAD.
Ripe in Years and a Veteran of the
Church, He Goes to Rest.
BERKELEY, March s.— Almond Bipe
low Dixon, who has lived for the last
thirty years at Lorin, <lied this evening at
his residence, ISI6 Harmon street, of
heart failure.
The deceased was a native of Ohio, aged
74 yenrs, and was one of the founders of
the Park Conf<repatlonal Church at Lorin,
of which he has been a deacon ever since
its incorporation.
For the past fourteen years he has as
sisted in serving the communion In the
church, and to-morrow will be the first
communion in a decade and a half that he
has missed.
To-morrow the members of the church
Will drape In mourning tne seat In the
sanctuary which he has occupied regular
ly every Sunday ever since the church
was built.
The deceased leaves a widow and a
large family, all of them grown to man
hood and womanhood. -. \
WERE GIVEN
SHORT SHRIFT
Mayor Thomas and Coun
cilman Woodward
Expelled.
Army and Navy Republican
League Opposed to
Boodle.
To Retain the Disgraced Members
Was to Blacken Their Good
; . . , ; Name. ■, . .
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, March 5.
Mayor W. K. Thomas and Council- j
man E. W. Woodward were expelled
from the Army and Navy Republican
League to-night. Woodward's expul- j
sion was a dishonorable one on a unan- j
imous vote, but Thomas was sustained
by nineteen votes <>ut of seventy-two.
This was from . the fact that some |
wanted a secret ballot upon the latter j
vote. J. W. ('.shorn moved the expul-:
sion of Woodward when his resignation
was read. L. D. Hyde opposed it at !
this time on the ground that the Grand
Jury was acting, and he thought the ;
league should wait until they were i
through. He wanted it distinctly un- |
derstood that they met as a Republi- j
can organization and knew no Grand j
Army of the Republic.
Judge Adams reviewed the water rate
investigation by the Council commit
tee and referring to the company's
admission thai the stock was watered,
wanted lo fenaw what assurance the i
community had that it was not all wa- ,
ter "Why did the B^ock of one com
pany raise |3JH),000 after the vote of the j
City Council <>a that resolution?" he
asked "If it was a mist.ake, why did
not the man come out and say so?"
That was the way to dtr. If this league
stands by that vote it 'v»re equally
guilty of" robbing the poor laborer to >
benefit the corporatlbju This league
has a fairer name than any other po- j
litical organisation in the ritate. Do i
you desire to keep it? 1 believe this is
duty. God placed man here to face
duty not to shirk it. When that res- '
ignation was placed before you It was
an admission that he was not fit to as-
BOCiate with the Army and Navy
League."
G A. Black said: "We are not perse- \
cuting thif man. Every one knows he j
is nQ -good! He knew he deserved be- |
ing .knocked out and admits it by at
tempting to sneak out. The only
trouble is that in this country you ,
must prove a man guilty. In any other
he must prove his innocence.
"God will forgive everybody, but man
can't. "
A voice: "Not Woodward.
The vote was taken and not a, voice
was raised in the negative. Then' came
cries of What are you going to do
with Thomas?" "Fire him out:"
"Throw him out!" were the response-.
A motion to expel Mayor W. R.
Thomas from the organization was
seconded by about twenty voices at
once.
Colonel DknffH wanted judgment
suspended until th- ordinance wan pre
sented <<> the May-ir for his signature.
Joseph Standfford declared that he
knew Thomas and h>> knew he was
guilty if Woodward was. He saw r.o
reason for delay and favored an im
mediate vote. Messrs. Barnes and I >s
born wanted a standing vote, while
Mr. Hunt asked for a secret ballot.
"If all knew what I do," he said,
"there is no doubt how y<>u would vote.
On the third day after his election
Thomas went into the enemies' camp
and has been with the water companies
ever since.",
A standing vote showed 53 votes for
expulsion and 19 against. The chair
declared the Mayor out "f the league
and the meeting adjourned.
Sophomores Win the Cup.
BERKELEY, March .>.-- I he sophomore
class this, morning, defeated 'the dental
college in a baseball, game on the college
campus by a score of 13 to 6. • The game
vis the last of the Inter-collegiate series,
and the sophomores by winning to-day
tome are entitled to keep the class cham
pionship cup for the coming year. If they
succeed in winning the class champion
ship for the next two years the cup will
be theirs permanently. The teams lined
up ,in to-day's game as follows: .
Dental , ■'-'. Positions. Sophomore.
Austin ........ Pitcher ....Sims
c'umminKS ..Catcher Mem
l ' m t m ...First ba5e.......... .C011ins
McKee ....Second ba5e. :........ .White
T?lackburn. Third base ;. ...Hunter
Baxter ...... ...Short stop. ..Mallon
Ip«do ...Left field .......Wolf
S^ott " ....Center field ....Belding
Morgan.'.'.'.'.' Right field Sheldon
Berkeley News Notes.
RFRKf'I KY March s.— The low sen
iors of the Oakland High School defeated
the high seniors this afternoon in a base
ball game on the university campus. The
? The Board of Regents of the university
wil! meet next Tuesday morning in San
FranciaCO The request of the senior
cl«B8 for an appropriation for its class
day exercises has been made a special
order In the afternoon a successor to
Director Holden of the Lick Observatory
Henry Lamp, aged S2 years, died to-day
at his residence, 1546 Shattuck avenue,
Berkeley. The deceased was a natiVe of
New York and had resided in Berkeley
for five years. .
The Columbia Fire Company has re
modeled its fire house and will give a
house warming next Tuesday evening.
Hereafter several firemen will sleep in the
house and' a regular fire harness will hang.
in readiness for an alarm.
The Alameda Water Company has been
making n vain search for water in the
region north of Berkeley. One well near
Peratta Park has been bored to a depth
of 150 feet without striking water, and
Superintendent Wellendorf announced to
day that unless water was soon struck
the search would be abandoned.
A. J. Woods of South Berkeley broke
his leg yesterday by falling down the
stairway of the 12 o clock ferry boat from
Sun Francisco. He was brought to his
home on Woolsey street, where Dr. Hoag
lanfl SftendeO to his injury.
Professor J. C. Merriam and a number
of University students spent the day ex
amining geological formations and search
ing for fossils near Vallejo Junction.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND, ; March 5.— W. Palmer of
824 -Eighteenth street, a well-known
grocer; IE" dangerously. 111. Congestion : of
the brain and an affection of the . lungs
give his family very little hope, of his re
covery. *'•*.'■/ .■.-■■'•... •• '.• v; •■.. -. = :
v District Attorney, Charles E. Snook
announced himself as a candidate for the
State Senate to-day: . He desires to repre
sent the district now represented by Eli
S. Denlson. ', - ' •
. Marshall -W. Stone, • a pioneer mining
attorney of Nevada, died lastevenlng at
1553 Eighth ? street. v. He leaves a widow
and ' one ■ son. : lie .was a member of the
Knights of' Pythias and the United Order
of Workmen. . - - ■
••, Frederick Delger is .still -i very ill, . only
being rational at times. His family be
lieve him to bo: slightly improved. -
Captain McDermott of "West Oakland is
rapidly --recovering. '-' Unless -unforeseen
complications set in, his friends, expect to
soi- him up soon. *. ', ;., \ ntt*-
Grave . fears: are entertained for the re
covery of the son of Captain Frederick' 4
son, who was found on. the street late on
Wednesday unconscious. ? His brain is af
fected, and ;he; is kept ■* strapped to the
bed. * 1 1 ' ma j'. be necessary.' to confine ; him
In a State hospital.
A NEW WAY OF
GETTING A CREW
Shipping Gold-Hunters on
Whalers as "Green
Hands."
They Are to Desert in Kotzebue
Sound and So Save Pas
sage Money.
But the Vessels Never Stop in the
Sound, So the Miners Will
Hunt Whales.
' The rush to the Klondike has left
the beach without a sailor," said a well
known shipping master yeet«r#ay.
".Everybody is on the rush for the gold
fields, and if the pallors do not stop
heading that way soon thera will be
no men left to man th<?. coastera;"
Whether the shipping fflaHfr's state
ment is correct or not ' remains to be
Been, but one thing is certain, and that
is that the whalers now fr.nn.j out for
the ArCUc find it almost impossible to
secure* crews. The steam whaler Wil
liam Baylies has been in tre stream
stveral days and outside of her otlicers
not a man has been secured; in fact
the runners and boarding house mas
ters have asserted on several occasions
that if the vessels are to be manned
there will have to be some shanghaiing
done. At the present time the boarding
masters have cards, with their address
only on them, distributed all over the
country. They read aboui as follows:
"For information concerning vessels
leaving for Kotzebue Sound, St. Mi
chael and Dawson City, or for infor
mation concerning the gold fields, ap
ply to ." The applicant seeking in
formation is generally a "green hand."
He is shown the circulars of the va
rious companies that are carrying pas
sengers to Kotzebue Sound, in which it
is stated that the whalers stop there
both going to and coming from the
Arctic. He is then told that the
cheapest and easiest way in the world
to get- to the Kotzebue Sound gold
fields is to ship on a whaler and then
desert as soon as the anchor is dropped
at the mouth of the Kowak River. One
thing is certain, and that is that any
man who ships in this way will not see
the gold fields this season, as the whal
ers never stop at Kotzebue Sound, but
go straight through to Point Barrow,
occasionally stopping at F'oint Hope.
There have been several changes
among the officers of the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company. Chief Officer C.
J. Bruguire of the Acapulco went out
as chief officer of the City of Peking,
vice G. G. Trask, who has remained
ashore on waiting order". Second Of
ficer Charles Newman aas been pro
moted to the vacancy on the Acapulco,
and Third Officer W. Jones has been
promoted to second officer, also on the
Acapulco.
A derelict fishing boat was picked up
by the gunboat Pinta yesterday. The
sail was set and it came up the bay
with the tide. There was no fisherman
in it, however, but everything was in
its place and the boat looked as if it
had lately been used. At Fishermen's
wharf they said none of the fishermen
were missing, but none of the men
would take the trouble to go to Fish
ermen's wharf to identify the boat.
They said that the craft had probably
broken adrift and gone up the bay with
the tide, and the owner would turn up
to claim it in due time.
The Old Dominion line steamer Ro
anoke sailed from Philadelphia for San
Francisco yesterday with a cargo of
coal, consigned to John Rosenfeld's
Sons. She has been purchased by the
North American Trading and Trans
portation Company for $210,000, and on
her arrival here will be fitted out for
the Klondike trade. The Roanoke is
a first-class vessel and was built by the
Roaches in 1882. She is 265 feet long,
40 feet broad. 26 feet 9 inches deep and
will accommodate about 1000 first and
second class passengers.
Four guineas per cent reinsuran<^
has been paid on the British shin Red
Rock, which left here September 13 for
Cork and the same amount on the
British bark Glenleigh, which sailed for
the same place from Astoria thirteen
days later. On the Ravenscrag, which
left. Puget Sound for Callao on Octo
ber 9 30 guineas per cent reinsurance
has been paid. The schooner Louis,
which left here on the same date for
Callao via Albion arrived at her desti
nation December 20.
The schooner Charles Hanson has
been purchased by the Kotzebue Com
mercial and Mining Company, and is
being fitted out for a trip to the Kotze
bue Sound gold fields. The men at the
head of the affair are Dr. Gleaves, Otto
Shackelford and Louis Johnson of San
Francisco. L. C. Frisbie of Anderson.
Dr. A. N. Gardner of Napa, L. A. Spit
zer of San Jose and E. J. Andrews of
Redding. The company has also pur
chased the river steamer Atsnes E.
Boyd, and will send up provisions for a
two years' stay on the Krrwak River.
The schooner will be anchored in a safe
place in the sound, and the men will
make their home on the river boat dur
ing the winter.
The ship Sintram. with the river
steamers and bances for th" Alaska Ex
ploration Company aboard, will not get
away until next Wednesday, if then.
She may not be able to take away ev
erything Connected with the steamers
and barges, and another vessel will
probably have to be chartered. The
unfortunate part of it is that the Sin
tram has parts of all the boats and
barges on board, while other parts of
them are still on the wharf waiting to
be shipped. If another vessel can be
chartered it will have to be a steamer,
as it will be almost impossible to get a
tug to tow a sailing vessel to Dutch
Harbor. One hundred and thirty-five
engineers, machinists, carpenters and
painters have all signed to go up on the
ship and are ready to leave at a mo
ment's notice, but it will be several
days yet before their pay begins.
The cannery owners have come to the
conclusion that it will be next to im
possible to charter vessels this season,
s<j they are purchasing all the suitable
craft they can get hold of. The Alaska
Packers' Association has secured an op
tion on the ships Indiana, Two Broth
ers Oriental and Tucoma and the bark
Hector. Captain Davis of the Sterling
has gone to the sound to look the Ta
cc-ma ever, and if she is all she is de
scribed to be, the purchase money for
her will be paid at once. The Oriental
will lav up in Oakland Creek for a
month and the Indiana, as soon as her
New York cargo is discharged, will
probably fly the country's flag. George
W Hume & Co. purchased the M. P.
Grace, which arrived from New York
last month, and she also will be adaeJ
tv Uvt cannery fleet.
A Dead Carrier Pigeon.
The following letter to The Call may
be of interest to th« fanciers of carrier
pigeons:
SAN FRANCISCO, March 5, IS9B.
Editor Call— Dear Sir: On March 1, at
4 o'clock a carrier pigeon flying over our
house, 2514 Sacramento street, fell dead
in our yard. The bird had a tag on its
left foot marked "R. 3751." If you know
of any people handling carrier pigeons
you might report the same to them, if
you think it is worth while. Yours truly,
LAWRENCE M. SUTTON.
THE ARMY IS
GETTING READY
Tents and Clothing on
Hand Sufficient for
80,000 Troops.
Active Work Under the Direc
tion of the Engineer and
Ordnance Corps.
Artillery Officers of This Department
Who Are Slated for Early
Promotion.
General Shafter, commanding the De
partment of California, will probably
return from Bakersfleld to-morrow at
Tuesday. One of the ten-inch rifles
recently received from the East has
been mounted on a disappearing car
riage at Fort Point, and the other will
be placed in position within the next
week. The corps of engineers is ad
vancing work as rapidly as possible in
finishing emplacements under contract,
and the Ordnance Department is has
tening the delivery of guns and ammu
nition.
The big supply of ammunition for
the magazines of the Presidio and
Fort Baker, which the War Department |
recently ordered to be transferred from
Benicia Arsenal, may be brought down
to-morrow on a chartered schooner.
The quartermaster's department is
completing as rapidly as possible the
construction of quarters, barracks and
other buildings contracted for, accord
ing to the recommedations of the board
which recently met at Fort Monroe
and of which Colonel John I. Rogers,
Fifth Artillery, was president.
The clothing department of the
United States army will manufacture
speedily 35,000 blouses of the new type.
The' available supply of quartermas
ter's stores on hand is large and em
brace's 25,000 tents stored at the various
depots throughout the country and
ready for distribution when needed.
These tents are of different styles and
are capable of sheltering 80,000 men.
In addition to this there is a large sup
ply of canvas duck that might be made
into tents at short notice.
There is likely to be a considerable
requisition in the quartermaster's de
partment fnr the accommodation of the
artillery which is being detailed to gar
rison the seacoast fortifications, aside
from providing for the two new regi
ments of artillery which are in pros
pect. There is on hand in the quar
termaster's department a supply of
uniforms sufficient to clothe 50,1)00 men.
The subsistence department is in ex
cellent condition to furnish food at
short notice for as many troopa as the
quartermasters department is able to i
clothe. It is claimed by leading officers
of the army that the quartermaster's
department is fully prepared to meet
any emergency involving the transpor
tation of troops and supplies. The
statement is made that arrangements
have J'eeii perfected with the leading
railroad lines of the country for the mo
bilization of the army at Key West.
The bill to provide for two more regi
ments of artillery will be brought up
in the House on Tuesday next, and it
probably will go through with a large
majority.
Following is a list of officers of the
Third Arillery, ten batteries of which
are serving in the Department of Cali
fornia, who will receive the benefits of
promotion under the provisions of the
bill: Lieutenant Colonel Edward B.
Wiiliston, Presidio, to be colonel; Ma
jor \V. F. Randolph, commanding light
artillery battalion at Fort Riley. Kan.,
to be lieutenant colonel: Captain J. B.
Burbank, absent from the regiment, on
duty with the National Guard of New
York, to be major; First Lieutenant B.
H. Randolph, Angel Island, to be cap
tain: First Lieutenant H. R. Lemly, on
duty at Fort Monroe, to be captain;
First Lieutenant J. R. Williams, ab
sent from regiment as mlltary attache
U. S. Legation. Berne, Switzerland, to
be captain; E"irst Lieutenant H. H.
Ludlow, on duty at Mississippi State
Agricultural College, to be captain;
First Lieutenant Charles B- Satterlee,
Angel Island, to be captain; First Lieu
tenant Charles W. Foster, Angel Island,
to be captain; Second Lieutenant F. G.
Mauldin, on duty at West Point, to be
first lieutenant.
Recent orders from the War Depart
ment assign First Lieutenant James
Franklin Bell. Seventh Cavalry, who
was on duty in San Francisco for sev
eral years, to duty as judge advocate
of the Department of the Columbia. He
relieves Captain E. F. Glenn, Twenty
fifth Infantry, who is ordered to Alaska
with one of the military exploring par-
ties.
Lieutenant-Colonel Alfred E. Bates,
deputy paj .laster-g'eneral, IT. S. A.,
the newly appointed military attache
to the United States Embassy. London,
will sail for his new post on the 9th
inst. Colonel Bates is well known in
San Francisco, having served a tour of
duty here as chief paymaster of the
Department of California, from which
duty he was relieved only a few
months ago.
Captain Alexander Rodgers, Fourth
Cavalry, who was recently appointed
military attache to the United States
Embassy, Paris, will sail for his new
station on the 20th inst. Captain Rodg
ers received Jhis appointment while on
duty at the Presidio, at which station
he commanded Troop X, Fourth Cav
alry, for the past- five years.
The engagement of First Lieutenant
F. E. Lacey Jr., First Infantry, sta
tioned at Benieia Barracks, and Miss
Crandall of Detroit has been an
nounced.
Battery L of the Third Artillery now
garrisons the most important station of
Fort Baker (Lime Point). Yesterday
Major Frank Hess, the former captain
of the battery, received an appropriate
testimonial from his old command. Ma
jor Hesf? is noted throughout the regi
ment as an r.ble, progressive and kind
officer, and the men of Battery L re
gret to lose a commander to whom they
were so much attached. William E.
Birkhimer, recently promoted captain,
succeeds to the command of the bat
tery. Captain Birkhimer is also an of
ficer of merit and distinction.
Athletic Reports Received.
BERKELEY. March s.— The executive
committee of the athletic association of
the university met lust night at the resi
dence of Professor George C. Edwards.
1568 Webster street, Oakland. The com
mittee pnHsed :i vote of censure upon
Theodore l>. Barnes for his failure to sub
mit a report of his administration as
track munaK'-r for the yoar IS9C-7. Barnes
was one of the crack sprinters at Berke
ley, but he left collegre to po to the Tread
we-li mine In Alaska, where he la now
working- The reports of Baseball Man
ager Farish and Football Manager
Brown for last season were accepted.
Brown's report showed a net surplus of
$IS2"i 09. The committee decided to reject
the proposed new constitution for the
athletic association.
The German Empernr needs but little
; sleep arid exacts long hours from every
i one in attendance. Four or five hours'
j rest is all that He cares for, and the
! physicians say that he is burning the
candle at both ends.
BROKE INTO AN
OAKLAND HOUSE
Thieves Smash a Window and
Break Into L. W. Buck
ley's Home.
They Secure Some Valuable Jew
elry and Many Other
Articles.
The residence of Louis W. Buckley. 961
Myrtle street. Oakland, was the scene
Friday night of one of the most daring
burglaries that has ever occurred in that
city. Mr. Buckley is the assistant super
intendent of the Mining Fair, and his du
ties compel him and his wife and son to
be present at the fair during the day.
Friday night when they returned home
at midnight Mr. Buckley . tried to open
the front door as usual, but was unable
to do so. His wife then endeavored tto
open the door, but.could not, and upon an
examination they ' found that it • had been
locked from the inside. Mr. Buckley then
went to the rear of the house and found
the kitchen door open. The noise that he
had rnadn in his -endeavors to open the
front door had given the burglars a
timely warning, and they had made good
their escape.
An examination of the house showed
that all the rooms had been rifled of their
effects and much damage done. Mrs.
Buckley's -clothes were piled up. in the
front hall, and there was a rope lying
near them. The thieves had been in the
act of making off with them when the
family returned. Mrs. Buckley lost some
valuable jewelry, but fortunately a very
handsome pair of diamond earrings that
were upon her bureau were overlooked
by the thieves. They, however, got away
with a valuable diamond sunburst and
many other articles. Tne men had first
endeavored to effect an entrance by tying
a rope to the porch and climbing up to
the second story, but failing in this they
had smashed the bathroom window and
got into the house. Mr. Buckley lost
some very handsome medals that had
been presented to him. All of Mrs. Buck
ley's trunks had been opened and their
contents scattered about. • - .
There is no clew to who are the thieves,
but they were evidently acquainted with
the family's movements, and from this It
is thought that they live in Oakland.
ALUMNI WINS
FROM BERKELEY
The College Men Are Shut
' Out by the Grad
uates.
■ . . -t ■• ■%./■-• ■
Good Ball Surprises the Few Who
Regularly Attend the
Games.
The Alumni baseball team finally suc
ceeded in winning a game, before -a* San
Francisco audience. Yesterday, at Cen
tral Park, they played baseball that sur
prised everybody— themselves. When
they packed up their bats and left the
field of glory the old college players
took 'the flattering 'unction unto them
selves, for they had administered a de
feat to California with a score of 7—o.
It was all due to Krug. With Krug and
a few other seasoned players the alumni
played a game, that, with but one excep
tion, was free from errors. In two in
nings they- found -Kaarsberg and battted
out seven runs.- The college men. on the
other hand, were- unable to locate Krug.
Four hits were made off him, but no runs
decorated the r California score- board.
The game was the best played this season
by the league of college clubs. The base
running; was good, the fielding sharp and
the errors comparatively few.
For four innings neither side scored.
Then, with Sheehan on third and Lewis on
second, old warhorse and rock-drilling
Heller, fresh from the mines, batted out
a single. Sheehan scored, followed soon
after by Lewis on a wild pitch by Mien
to Baer. In the seventh Sheehan scored
again. In the ninth, with Lewis. Heller
and Krug on the 'bases, .Toby Allen swat
ted the spheroid over the fence to the
small boys, and the four cantered, in to
swell. the score to seven, runs. .. The score
is as follow s: ■ ....
Alumni— AB- R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Shephan. rf 3 2 2 1 0 0 0
i,ewis. 55....... 4 21032 0
Heller, If 4 110 10 0
Krug, P ...:.'.. 4 10 - 0 13 0
Allen, ,1b 5 110 8 0 1
Klston,- c... 4 0- 0 1 8-2 0
Wheeler. 2b 5. <X .22.2 .2. 0
McKee, 3b :.': 4 0 2 0 0 10
Ireland, ct... 4 0, 0 0 4 0 0
•Totals-...; ...37 7 9. 3 27 •10 1
California— AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hoag, of.-V: -...4 0 -0 :0 ; 2 0 * 0
Baer 3b.. 3 0 0 0 3 5 • 1
Bride, 1b............. 2 ■ 0 0: 0 7 0 \, 0
Collins, lb 2 . 0 0 . 0 ..5 Op
Sykes, rf 3 ; 0 2 10 0 0
Mien, c 3 0-0 12 .1.-2
Chepsborough, 1f.... 3 0 1 : 0 10 0
Foster, cc.. 2 0 0 0---1 3 2
MaCabe. 55..... 2 0 0 0 2 10
Kaarfberg, p ...3 0 l 0.2^-.^
McLaren. 2b ....3 0 J9 j> J J $
' T0ta15 '..... '...:. 30 "o 4; 2 25 IS 7
Summary: Paesecl balls— Meln, 1. Bases on
balls— By Krus,. 4; by Kaarsberg. ... -\\tl«l
pltches-KaarFb^rft. 1. Struck out— Krufr
7: by Kaarsberp. 1. Bares on hit by pitched
ball— Elston: : Home runs— Allen. -Two-base
h'its-Kaarsherß. Double plays-Lewis .^tp,
Allen. Left on bases— California, <; Alumni,
10. Umpire— Mertes. ' ..
ADVERTISEMENTS. . .
BREAKS UP
:' If It's a Cold v :..V'
Take "Seventy-seven." j
If it is La Grippe— lt's a Cold.
Take "Seventy-seven."- » '• ■
If it is Influenza— lt's a Cold.
Take "Seventy-seven." •*V : - ; >
If your Throat is sore— lt's a C01d. . .
Take "Seventy-seven."
If you Cough— a Cold.
Take "Seventy-seven." .
~lf you have' Catarrh— lt's a Cold. -
Take "Seventy-seven;"
If '■ your Chest' hurts— lt's a Cold.
i Take "SeYenty-seven." ■ ' ;." ;.:'../.
If it- is Bronchitis— lt's a Cold. .
; Take "Seventy-seven." . ; -)'.'>
.- ■■ x ,.*.. . ■ :'..-..■■■ \ ■ '■■ -;•.-; ... ■-, i ■*;
At druggists or -. sent prepaid on receipt of
price,. 2."c. ."0c or $1. v- ; : : . ; ' '- 'i, . ct-. '. '"'
. ! Ask I for Dr. Humphreys' Specific Manual of
all diseases at your Druggist" s or. Mailed free.
Humphreys' Medicine Company, New York.
f\ p» A \f or FADED HAIR HKSTORED to ''
■ 2«r'«A 'm •'- »outhfal color and boautjr by.Dll.
V«f\*% ■ HAY>' HAIR HEALTH. lie- <■
moves dandruff arid scalp .ii«e.T=e. * Don. stain
Skin. r ( rrcrs MAI.D spits. Ab»'.l!»t«lr harmless.
]ArifP.t>ottles 5 : .> cents, at il:n>'Kists. Kettil agent*.
NO-TritrtNTAOK .-IIAIUfM V, JVC V'Tk-t at.
AVholesals-MACK * CO.; UNGLEV A MICH-
\KLK: COFFIJi. KKDI>tJTON A l;<A • ■.■■■■> ..-
NOTARY PUBLIC.
: A. J. HENRY, NOTARY; PUBLIC
I OQO MARKET . ST.. OPP. £ -PAA.ACH
! 000 Hotel. Telephone 670. Ileßid«nc« Mi
Valencia street. Telephone. "Church". It ■
- &Co,yff%.
K'"^ATENTSf i)
; Xi^33o MARKET ST. S.F.^^^^
1516
SACRAMENTO
CORRUPTION
How a San Francisco Cor
poration Was "Held Up"
in That County.
McGrath, the Agent of Supervisors,
Places Them and Himself
in a Bad Light
Thf Board of Supervisors of Sacra
mento County will have the riot act
read to it at its meeting to-morrow by
11-known San Francisco attorney,
and unless the board gives some satis
faction to the concern the lawyer rep
resents the <".r;ind Jury of Sacramento
County will be called in to probe into
what aj.]. tars <«n the surface to be a
corrupt transaction.
The question seems to be whether or
r.ot certain members of the board have
been soliciting and receiving bribes or
WITTER'S SWORN STATEMENT.
State of California, City and County of San Francisco.— ss. .
Willis G. Witter, President of the Golden Gate Dredging and
Reclamation Company, being duly sworn, deposes and says that on
the 17th day of February, 1898, in the rooms of the State Board of
Examiners, at the Capitol building, at Sacramento, he had a con
versation with one P. H. McGrath regarding money that had been
paid to him, P. H. McGrath, on behalf of the Board of Supervisors of
Sacramento County. At this interview was present also Mr. M. C.
Harris, manager of the Dredging and Reclamation Company, who
heard all of the statements that were made.
During that conversation Mr. McGrath stated that $1440 had
been received by him from the County of Sacramento as a part pay
ment of the contract with the Golden Gate Dredging and Reclama
tion Company for work done on Sutter Island, and that the same
had been divided among certain members of the Sacramento Board
of Supervisors, to-wit: Tom Jenkins (otherwise known as Thomas
Jenkins) and Morrison (meaning J. M. Morrison of the board). At
that meeting he refused to turn over any money to the Golden
Gate Dredging and Reclamation Company, claiming that he owed
the company no money, but later he admitted the claim to be just
and returned to M. C. Harris and myself $1000 and promised to
reimburse us for the remaining $440, being a part and portion of
the $1440 formerly received by him from the Board of Supervisors
of Sacramento County.
We told him at the time that we woula inform the Board of
Examiners regarding the character of the official they had in their
employ in case the payment demanded was not made.
Secondly, that we would present the matter to the Grand Jury
unless the claim was paid, as no doubt there was a case of em
bezzlement; and
Thirdly, that inside of ten days we would bring a civil action
for the recovery of the money.
Mr. McGrath at that time stated that William A. Gett, attor
ney for Reclamation District No. 349, aside from Jenkins and
Morrison, had received a portion of the $1440, and that he (Mc-
Grath) had little or nothing left of the money, and stated further
that the board desired to receive $600 more before passing the bal
ance of the demand.
After some conversation Mr. McGrath asked for time in which
to pay the amount we demanded as being due from the County of
Sacramento to the Golden Gate Dredging and Reclamation Company,
and after a consultation we agreed to give him until the next
morning. At that time he admitted that our claim was just by pay
ing us $ICOD on account of the $1440 that was due. We gave him a
receipt for $1440, being more than pleased to get that much after
we had b.een kept out of our money so long, and he agreed at the
time to pay us the remainder of $440. This was after he had said
that the first and only payment had been divided between mem
bers of the Sacramento Board of Supervisors and William A. Gett,
attorney for Reclamation District No. 349.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this sth day of March,
1898. W. T. HESS,
Notary Public in the City and County of San Francisco, State of
California.
The Affidavit That "Will Cause a Grani Jury Investigation of
Official Corruption in Sacramento County.
whether a certain Sacramento politi
cian now holding a State position has
been "doing business" on his own hook.
The man who wiil place the board on
the grill and will demand to know
■whether'or not his concern is to receive
its Just dues or whether it is being de
liberately held up because not enough
money was produced to purchase its in
ADVERTISEMENTS.
In all the world there is no other treatment
so pure, so sweet, so safe, so speedy, for pre-
serving, purifying, and beautifying the skin,
scalp, and hair, and eradicating every hu-
mor, as warm baths with Cctictjba Soap,
and gentle anointings with CimcußA (oint-
ment), the great skin cure.
If poM throughout " the world. Fott»«
Darn in Cnu. Corp.. Bole Preps.. Boston.
C /* "All About the Skin. Scalp mid Hair," Arc*.
ri/CDV UIIMftD Fr° m P"»P'-«« *• Scrofula
*" - V t. H I nUnlUn Cored bj Cvticc«*.
fluence is Willis G. Witter, an attorney
of this city and president of the Golden
Gate Dredging and Reclamation Com
pany, a corporation that has done a
large amount of work on the Sacramen
to River and its tributaries for several
years past.
Mr. Witter claims that the dredging
company has been deliberately "held
up" and deprived of its just dues either
through the manipulations of the
hoard or those of P. H. McGrath, now
assistant secretary of the State Board
of Examiners, and formerly superin
tendent of the work that the dredging
company did on the Sutter Island Rec
lamation District, known as Reclama
tion District 349.
He will demand that the claim be
paid or some good reason given for re
fusing, and in case satisfaction is not
obtained will at once draw up a com
plaint asking that the Grand Jury in
vestigate the methods of the board.
It is probable that the Grand Jury
will take the matter up whether Mr.
Witter files a complaint or not, for the
attorney has sworn to an affidavit
charging that McGrath, claiming to act
as the representative of the board, has
demanded a specific sum of money to
influence the board to pass the claim
of the company. Moreover, he swears
that McGrath has asserted that cer
tain members of the board have already
received money to purchase their influ
ence and votes in favor of the demand.
The history of the transaction lead-
Ing up to this remarkable state of af
fairs is as follows:
Early in October, 1896, the Sutter Is
land taxpayers, having paid their dues
to the county for nearly forty years
and having received no adequate re
turns from the same, petitioned the
Board of Supervisors to do a certain
amount of reclamation and road work,
offering to dedicate their main levee as
a public highway. The cost of the work
requested was estimated at $10,000, of
which the district agreed to nay one
half if the Supervisors would appro
priate the remainder.
After some hesitation the board
passed a resolution in conformity with
the wishes of the Sutter Island peo
ple, appointing P. H. McGrath its rep
THE SA^ FRAXCISCO CALL, SUXDAY, MARCH 6, 1898.
resentative in the matter.
Under this resolution a contract was
entered into between Reclamation Dis
trict No. 349, by Henry Elliot, presi
dent of its Board of Trustees, the Gol
den Gate Dredging and Reclamation
Company, by Willis G. Witter, its pres
ident, and P. H. McGrath, representing
the Board of Supervisors.
President Witter of the dredging
company desired the contract to be
made with the Supervisors direct in
! stead of with McGrath, but was told
that it was all right, to go ahead
with the work, that McGrath was the
representative of the board, and that
I the share of the county would be
promptly paid. Under these representa
tions the contract was signed, sealed
and delivered, and the company's dred
gers began the desired work. McGrath
was made superintendent.
By January 1, 1897, sufficient work
had been done to warrant a demand
for a portion of the contract price
amounting to $2880. President Witter
of the company went to Sacramento
and issued a demand. Not being able
to wait until the meeting of the board
when he expected the demand would
be passed, he instructed McGrath to
draw the money. In making out the
demand on the county McGrath. with
out authority, represented himself as
the agent of the company and received
$1440, the share of the county in the
transaction. This demand was drawn
I on January 2, 1897, and was paid on
j January 13. From that date until Feb-
I ruary 18, 1898, the company was not
able to get one dollar out of McGrath,
nor out of the Board of Supervisors.
When the work of reclamation was
i finished District No. 349 paid its share
of the indebtedness, admitting that the
work was properly done, and that the
claims were just.
Yet McGrath "held out" the $1440, the
Board of Supervisors refused to pass
| resolutions authorizing the payment of
the balance on the contract and the
dredging company was kept out of its
money. Both President Witter and
Manager Harris of the dredging com- j
j pany made repeated demands that the j
• $1440 be turned over. Sometimes they
: were met with the reply that McGrath
j had no money belonging to the pom
; pany, at others they were told that if
I they insisted on the payment of the
| sum drawn by McGrath they would
! never get another cent, as the board
would "stand by" McGrath and refuse
all payment of the claim.
This went on for over a year, and
! finally the company decided that pa
| tience had ceased to be a virtue and
i concluded to get its money despite the
j objections of McGrath.
President Witter and Manager Harris
! called on McGrath in the rooms of the
j State Board of Examiners in the Capi
! tol building and made a point-blank de
mand for the $1440.
McGrath at first denied that he had
any money belonging to the concern,
! but when he was given the alternatives
| of exposure to the head of the depart
! ment, indictment by the Grand Jury or
i a civil suit for the return of the money
jhe asked for time. He was given un
til the next morning to pay the amount
| or stand the consequences.
At the appointed time next day he
i produced $1000, demanding a receipt for
i $1440. Elated at being able to recover
anything at all. Manager Harris took j
| the $1000, and gave the receipt for $1440, j
; McGrath promising, however, to pay j
j the balance of $440 as soon as he was
able to raise it.
He stated as the reason he had not
paid the money before that it had been j
j distributed among other parties, includ- i
i ing Supervisors Jenkins and Morrison j
and Attorney Gett of the reclamation
district, and that he had received very
little of it himself.
Believing for the first time that cor
rupt influence was at work in the
board. President Witter of the compa
ny decided to make a peremptory de
mand on the board for the balance due
i the corporation. He is prepared to
show that the work was done accord
ing to contract, that he has made re
| peated demands for his money and will
! produce evidence if necessary to show
why his demands have not been paid.
So it looks as though there may be a,
hot time in Sacramento to-morrow.
"It appears to us," said President
Witter of the Dredging Company yes
terday, "that the time for forbearance
and patience has passed. We hay*:
! waited for a year for money that i 9
'■■ justly due us, and have received less
- than one quarter of it. That sum we
! recovered because we forced this man
i McGrath to disgorge it after we had j
hounded him a year and more. He has i
\ told us enough to show that either the
Board of Supervisors or certain mem
| bers of it are corrupt, or that McGrath
is himself a natural-born reacher.
"He claimed to me repeatedly that
the $1440 that we have demanded of
: him on a score of occasions was paid
to Supervisors Jenkins and Morrison
and Attorney Gett of the reclamation
district, anl that he kept very little for
himself. All of this may or may not be
i true, but whether it is or not we are
j going to get our money »r raise a
howl in Sacramento that will force the
• Grand Jury to take a hand in the
I matter.
"Moreover, there are other things
that McGrath said that must be looked
i into. Several months ago when we
'■ made one of our periodical demands on
him he made the statement that the
board not only wanted the $1440 he had
collected, but would also like a little
! bonus of $600 more before it would
i audit the demands. This was the state-
I ment that put us on our mettle and
i made us decide to force the matter to
an issue.
"This 'hold out' of McGrath's was not
only a dishonest action, but came near
causing the ruin of the Dredging and
Reclamation Company. We were being
pressed for money by the bank that we
deal with in San Francisco, and, hoping
that the money would be paid after
each meeting of the Board of Super
visors, staked our reputations and
credit on the result. Each time we
were disappointed, and the bank finally
became so impatient that we were com
pelled to look to outside sources for
funds to tide us over.
•'Since that time we have taken sev
eral contracts that have placed us
firmly on our feet and have made
the situation one where we can make
those who have embarrassed us toe the
mark or stand the consequences.
"The money that we received from
McGrath came in the form of a certi
fied check on the California State Bank
of Sacramento and was deposited in
another interior bank controlled by
connections of Mr. Harris, so that we
have absolute proof that we were
forced to use extreme measures to com
pel McGrath to render us our just
dues, and can show that the receipt for
$1440 was given on payment of $1000."
TO LAY THE
CORNERSTONE
Elaborate Preparations for the
Dedication of Holy Cross
Church.
Archbishop Riordan Will Preside
Over the Ceremonies—Progres
sive Work.
Holy Cross Church, one of th«? land
marks of California, which has a record
possibly that no other church not alone
in the rnited States but in the world has,
has been christened, as well as having
changed locations, three times.
It was first placed, in the early forties,
where the Palace Hotel now is. and
named St. Patrick. It was found by the
P. H. McGrath's Demard on the Sacra rrento County Treasury for
the Money of the Golden Gate Dredging and Reclamation
Company.
congregation too small, and about eigh
teen years ago taken on rollers to Eddy
street, where it was again rechristened
St. John's, and on completion of St.
Mary's Cathedral, on Van Ness avenue,
it was again put to right about and
found its way to the foot of Lone
Mountain, where It was used by the con
gregation of Holy Cross parish, as well
as named after the parish.
Much speculation was abroad whether
the exemplary congregation of Holy Cross
parish and their genial pastor, Father
John J. McGlnty, would, on the building
of the new ohurch. have it again dis
missed, but all speculation was at an
end last eveninK when it was announced
that in future it would be used as a hall
and rest in its old age among a grate
ful people.
The Rev. J. McQuaide, assistant pastor,
who had sent out notices for a meeting to
arrange for the laying of the foundation
stone of thf n^w* church, which is to
take place Palm Sunday, April 3, said
he was astonish 1 at the largo attend
ance from all parts of the city, and at
ADVERTISEMENTS.
— —
l CITY OF llSl PARIS ;
: GRAND OPENING j
* —OF ' - *
i NOVELTY WASH FABRICS ! !
<$> ♦
j i OPEN WORK FRENCH ORGANDIES, "A Novelty" ......400 per yard
I * PLAID ORGANDIES, "Large Floral Designs" *■ .250 per yard «
I ♦ STRIPED ORGANDIES, "Choioe Patterns"..- ......:...150 per yard .♦.
t SILK-STRIPED SCOTCH ZEPHYRS •• :....250 per yard "J
J- 30-INCH PLAID AND STRIPED ZEPHYRS 20c per yard J
! SCOTCH MADRAS FOR WAISTS, Etc....... • ......400 per yard
I 4 30-INCH OXFORD MADRAS STRIPES AND CHECKS ..-250 and 35c per yard +
* A Choice Line of 36-INCH PERCALES, PLAIDS, STRIPES, DOTS AND FLORAL '4
<*> EFFECTS, both in light and dark c010ring5............ • &*• per yard- .>
* . PRINTED SILK ORGANDIE, "Very 5we11"...................... .........600 per yard J
* FRENCH PIQUES FOR WAISTS, 1 both white and colored, dots, stripes and small ]f
I figures; also embroidered effeots .....: ...:.....From 25c to $1 per yard J
J v SEE OUR SHOW WINDOWS. >
&■ SflL^liPl-ES SENT OIS APPLICATION.
+ ♦
<» *-2*t&MAIL ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY flttED.<s<S» ♦'
*• ARTISTIC WORK IN SUIT, CLOAK AND MILLINERY DEPARTMENTS.
<$>
I CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, I
<$> : SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, S. F. -4.
* ; UNION SQUARE. ■..♦
♦ <s> ♦<?><»♦<?> *'*»> ♦'♦'♦>.♦ ♦>«> <s> ♦ <$><e> <& <s> ♦ ♦'♦.♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦'♦♦
tributed it in no small measure to the
fond memories which the old building
awakened in their breasts.
The Rev. John McGinty, who was
warmly received, thanked those present
tor their attendance, and explained the
object of the meeting. He said it was to
appoint a committee of arrangements for
the laying of the cornerstone in connec
tion with which will be a grand parade,
which will be attended by the Young
Men's Society of Holy Cross parish, the
League of the Cross, the Hibernians,
various sodality institutes and kindred so
cieties. There will be a large platform
erected on the grounds on which the
Archbishop will preside, and several dis
tinguished guests have promised to at
tend. He also announced that Rev. P. C.
lorke would deliver the discourse.
The Young Men's Society and Ladies'
Sodality, under the leadership of Miss A.
Cr. Regan, are rehearsing some appropri
ate choruses specially composed for the
occasion, and a couple of well-known
bands will have charge of the instru
mental programme.
John Spotiswood was elected chairman
of the committee of arrangements, and
A. J Buckley grand marshal of the
parade, assisted by the following gentle
men: Dr. J. Oliver. John Grant, J. Mc-
Donald Sr., Edward Hartrick, James Den
ley and James McGinty.
A special committee on invitations was
chosen as follows: Messrs. D. Powers
James Sullivan and C. Carroll. John J.
»t V?° e> Geor & e Connolly and John W.
McDonald Jr. were appointed on the press
committee. J. J. Geary, who was ap
pointed secretary, .was instructed to send
out notices stating that a committee
meeting would be held Wednesday even
ing, March 9, at 8 o'clock, and that the
regular meeting would be held Wednes
day evening, March 16, at 8 o'clock, in the
hall of the Young Men's Society attached
to the church, where final arrangements
will be made.
An Independent Kennel League.
I he result of the annual meeting of the
American Kennel Club, which took place
on the 23d ult., may fatally affect the
revenues of the New York canine oligar-
chy. The concensus of opinion among
the local fanciers is that their wishes
have been entirely disregarded, inasmuch
as they have secured not even one of
their desired amendments to the classi
fication. The classes for the shows, as
now amended, are: Puppy, novice, limit,
open and winners. The changes are un
important and will not tend to encourage
the Pacific Coast Club to hold bench
shows. Hence the anger of the promi
nent fanciers, who are debating very
seriously the <iuestion of establishing an
independent Pacific Coast Kennel League
in the near future. If secession from the
American Kennel Club be decided on th
next show of the San Francisco Kennel
Club will be held under the auspices of
the local association.
Powdered rice is said to be of great
efficacy in checking bleeding from cuts
and bruises.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ____~~~ ~~~-
NEW WASH
s~v v^v /^v r^ cy
GOODS.
We will open this week a magni-
ficent collection of NEW FOREIGN
AND DOMESTIC WASH DRESS
GOODS.
The special lines to be offered this
week are as follows:
12 cases (480 pieces) 36-INCH EXTRA
QUALITY PRINTED PERCALES, jOU .
-. in light, medium and dark grounds. lZ2u Yd
7 cases (210 pieces) PRINTED IRISH \
DIMITIES, rf in 100 different designs, ~OCp "
all fast colors . . . . .... . ..... ... ... • • Z Ju Yd -
9 cases (360 pieces) GENUINE COT-
TON COVERT CLOTHS, in an |Oln\ -
elegant variety of new mixtures.... IZ2ll Yd *
5 cases (150 pieces) PRINTED
. . FRENCH ORGANDIES, very hand- IJC
some designs, full 31 inches wide. . Zvll Yd
4 cases (160 pieces) GENUINE SCIN-
DIA MADRAS, 31 inches wide, 18 JCp
different designs . ...... . . . ... IUU Yd
3 cases (120 pieces) GENUINE
SCOTCH ZEPHYRS, in handsome QCp
plaids and stripes Zull Yd
SEND F"OR SAMPLES.
111, 113. 115. 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
$5,000 °.°
WILL BUY A
WELL ESTABLISHED
GOOD PAYING
DOWN TOWN
NotiOll and
Stationery
Store *£
Cot. Kcarny and Commercial
LONG LEASE AT LOW RENT
Apply or address
PERNRU BROS.
543 CLAY STREET, S. F.
, A ■ young lady of my acqunmtance m St. Louis was
for a long time -a chronic sufferer from dyspepsia. She
used to make use of i mixture prepared by the druggist
where the family traded, X\\\\ >• •- tilM when the supply
was exhausted and ,she \S'a^ absent fromj home and had
not a copy of the preaprip.^o.ft \y\\\\ her, she was at :a. 'loss
to know* what to >''>> aj\^\ \ r^qo,ij\\wended her to make
trial of Rlpans Ta\n\te v ' .§fe i fA\T<lh'4aed iome and was so
greatly benefitecj \\y> Atek* V^fe that she ha 9 been a regular
customer and a wa]kin|r.^ciY^Usen\ent for them ever sinca
000000000000000000
o ._ •.,;•_ o
o . . wo
° A HIGHLY POLISHED QUARTER. 2
° SAWED OAK ROCKER, WITH <m _ _ £
° CANE BOTTOM, IS WHAT.... .7 5 o
° WILL BUY NEXT WEEK AT o
1 J. NOONAN, I
O 1017 to 1023 MISSION STREET. r»
O 516 to 532 MINNA STREET, %
q Above Sixth. ~
o
Cash or Little-»t-a-Time P»ym«ntf. O
rt Phone South 14. Open Evenings. ©
w O
o o o 000000000000000MYSTERIOUS DANCE OF THE ZUNIS with U S. TROOPS WATCHING.
SCENE OVERLOOKING THE PLAZA WHERE THE ZUNIS ARE NOW GATHERED HOLDING ONE OF THEIR fIYSTERIOUS DANCES.
This time the dance lasted more than an hour. The muscular movements of the dancers' bodies, the weird native music, the thumping of the tom-toms and shrill notes of the chant as
announced by the priests, the writhing, sinuous contortions through which they worked themselves, the fanatical fervor which permeated everything were amazing. But the conclusion of the dance was the most
sensational and startling feature of all. At a shrill cry from the priest every plumed stick was raised on high and instantly thrust entirely down the throats of the dancers, only to be quickly withdrawn
amid hissing, gurgling sounds and writhing contortions as the dance increased in vigor.
XCITING scenes are
occurring daily In
Western New Mexi
ico, in the largest
Indian town in the
I'nited States. A
thousand savages are
dancing, hideously
painted and bedeck
ed In fanciful cos
tumes, the like of
which can nowhere
(•Ise he found. Su
perstition and a fund
Jrd Indian leg
endary lore spur
them on toward the
ultimate completion
of a season of fanatical ceremonies
that will end in human sacrifice unless
their plans are thwarted.
On the opposite bank of a small
Stream, a quarter of a mile from the
estufas of the priests. Uncle Sam's cav
alry is encamped, and has been for five
months past. The Indian agrent has
been powerless to prevent these orgies,
THE CALL Sunday Edition
and the War Department has therefore
been appealed to.
As the Zunis are citizens of the
United States, dwelling upon their own
land, set apart for them under the
treaty with Mexico which ceded the
present Territories of New Mexico and
Arizona to this Government, they hay-;
the right to follow their owi rel'gious
Impulses and beliefs, the samo £.3 any
other citizen. But if they po a step
too far and attempt to take human life,
as they have aJ ready done, the troops
will step in and take a hand. Should
THE MYSTERIOUS PRIESTS OF THE BOW ON THE WAY TO PERFORM THEIR STRANGE RITES,
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MARCH 6, 1898.
such an event transpire there will be
iivfly times In Zuni. They have al
ready found one witch, they claim. She
has beep scourged, tortured in a score
of ways, hanged — all but killed, in fact,
but has been rescued by the whites,
nursed back to life, and is now pro
tected. The dances still go on, however,
and will continue until the end of
March.
It is beyond my power to tell the
meaning of all or any of the scrieD of
dances now going on in Zuni. Their
meaning is too deep and complex for
any but a student who devotes years
of study to the subject. The supersti
tious creed which the Zunis call their
religion is very old. By some authori
tles It is said to resemble the ceremo
nials of the ancient Aztecs or sun-wor
shipers. Be this as It may, it requires
yeart off tuition for a Zuni to attain a
position high in the priesthood of his
tribe: only the oldest men are to be
found there.
About three miles from the village,
rising abruptly from the sandy plain
to a height of 500 feet, is a flat topped
butte, called by the priests Tai' TH'ani,
which means "thunder mountain."
There is but one trail leading to the
summit, and this is very dangerous
and preclpitious. Within one hundred
feet of the top a pile of round stones,
the accumulation of ages, shows where
ieach pilgrim Zuni who has journeyed
to the shrine at the top has placed a
stone upon which he has breathed* In
order that his fatigue nmy fall from
him, and he may reach the summit
untir^d and fresh. In the center of the
mesa which marks the summit of the
butte is a rud*^ stone crypt or altar, in
and upon which are countless stick:?
and plumes, the significance of which
are known only to those who placed
them there.
It is to this shrine, once a year, that
the priests <>f the bow journey, and it
is here th;it weird incantations occur,
a glimpse at which has never been
witnessed" by a white man nor even by
a Zuni who is not a member of the
priesthood. Here it was that at the
beginning of the winter solstice the
priests repaired, and after several days'
deliberation and petition, determined
that the village was beset by a witch
who must die. She had caused the
death of Wa-weh, who, on account of
certain physical peculiarities had for
years' been looked upon as "ma-kosh
ke" by the Zunis. She had also caused
other dire misfortunes to happen, and
therefore must be scourged by the
priests and ultimately killed.
Just here it is proper to state that
the dances which began after the pri
mary torture of the alleged witch are
still going on. The death of Ma-u-ri
ta would long since have been accom
plished had it not been for the presence
of the United States troops before the
village, where they are to remain In
definitely.
What may occur at ciny time should
the Indians become worked up to a
high degree of superstitious fervor, no
one can foretell. The state of mind in
to which they work themselves may
be imagined from a description of one
of two of their dances, as conducted by
the priests of the bow and their aco
lytes. '
I took my place upon the roof of
one of the houses overlooking the plaza,
when the Indians began to gather, in
the afternoon, and secured an excel
lent place from which to view the
dances. First there entered the acting
high priest, who, followed by a medi
cine man, circled around the plaza,
chanting as they went. Both were ar
rayed in gorgeous dresses of brilliant
hues, gaudily bedecked with feathers.
The medicine man carried an earthen
ware bowl, filled with sacred meal,
which he sprinkled upon the ground as
he walked. Having completed the cir
cle, he halted in front of a wood box
or chest, painted white, and adorned
with Indian figures, which stood in the
center of the plaza.
Two old men then emerged from a
(!■'.>) way of a neighboring estufa, each
armed with a long wooden sword, to
the pointed end of which were attached
three feathers. They opened the white
box and took from it two sticks of
hard wood, about two and a half feet
in length and three inches square, one
side of which was notched like saw
teeth. Two human femur bones, doubt
less the former understanding of some
priest of high degree, were produced
from the box and rubbed over the cor
rugated sticks, which lay upon the
box lid, producing a hollow, rumbling
sound. The bones were rubbed over
the corrugated sticks, thirty-two times
in one direction and then thirty-two
times in the other, the men meanwhile
keeping up a weird chant.
Then twenty-two men came from a
dark passage way at one side of the
plaza and took places behind the two
priests at the box. The bones were
rubbed nineteen times each way, and
then the priests, who had been kneel
ing, stood up, facing the box and bones.
They still held in their hands their
feather-bedecked swords. Another
priest, who apparently was in charge
of the twenty-two men. recited a score
of words, which all joined in chanting,
beating tom-toms as they sang. The
two priests at the box kept perfect
time with their wooden swords, but,
during the hour or more that the chant
lasted did not move a muscle, except
their right hands.
My interpreter informed me that the
chant was a dissertation upon the
wrongs of the Zunis, suffered through
the machinations of numerous and var
ied devils, brought about, no doubt,
through the agency of the old witch.
The chanting ceased abruptly, In the
middle of a sentence, it seemed to me,
the twenty-two men and the priest
Continued on Pag* Twenty-four.18
BISHOP TAYLOR 'S LIFE WORK AS A MISSIONARY IN AFRICA.
I HAVE been fifty-five years in ac
tive ministry, without an idle day,
and I am now trying to learn how
to rest." So says the venerable
Bishop William Taylor, who has
just returned to his home in Oakland,
after eighteen months' stay in South
Africa, where he has labored for the
past thirty-two years for the conver
sion of the heathen.
The Bishop adds, with a touch of
dry humor, that this present task is
the hardest that he ever undertook,
and it is plain that the man who has
waged war against Satan in the midst
of all the terrors and dangers of sav
age lands and savage people finds
even a brief period of enforced inac
tion hard to bear.
Two years asm this well beloved mis
sionary—a street preacher here in San
Francisco from 1549 to 1856— was re
lieved from official work, as he was
then 75, and it was thought that he
■was entitled to rest for the remainder
of his life, but since then he has con
THE NEEDS- OF CALIFORNIA. By CALIFORNIA EDITORS
HOUGHTFL'L people all over the West, and par-
Tticularly in every part of California, are discuss
ing the question of the State's future prospects.
It ia a great problem, for it affects the welfare
of all who now reside within its borders, particu
larly the condition of the rising generation.
Here are the opinions of some of the leading ed
itors of the State on the questions:
• • •
The greatest need of the
State to-day is the subdivi
sion of the large land hold
ings within its borders and
the settlement thereon of
several thousand families
from the Eastern States.
While this, in my opinion,
H. A. McCRANEY,
Editor
SACRAMENTO LEDGER.
is the greatest need, yet there are others nearly, if not
quite as great, chief among which is the need of busi
ness men and men of property' taking a more active
interest in politics and going to and controlling the
primaries and conventions of all parties, and by so
doing crowding out the ward heelers, the convicts and
the dangerous elements', who have under the man
agement of corrupt bosses controlled the politics of
this State to the detriment of its people.
Other needs that might be mentioned that would
tend to benefit and advance the best interests of the
State are the need of men of more energy and public
spirit in the metropolis of the State. The need of
more honesty and less yellow journalism in our met
ropolitan press. The need of less taxation and a more
equitable assessment throughout the State. The need
of more washerwomen and less salesladies and more
kitchen girls and less typewriters; the need of more
farmers, mechanics, artisans, less lawyers, doctors
and professional men.
* * *
To the Editor of The Call:
The greatest need of the
State to-day is an intelli
gent development of her
agricultural resources.
These resources are practi
cally unlimited. The State
can be made to furnish food
WILL S. GREEN,
Editor
COLUSA SUN.
and clothing in great abundance for the entire present
population of the United States, with enough to sell to
bring in all the foreign luxuries the wildest fancy
could desire.
to farmers and realize $1000 an acre.
These Chinamen used both irrigation
and fertilization— in other words, intel
ligence. The State is nearly all arid
or semi-arid, and needs an intelligent
use of water for irrigation. We have
no system of irrigation, and that fact
1b a libel on our intelligence as a peo-
When water was first diverted from
streams for this purpose there were
those who applied to the courts for the
enforcement of what is known as ri
parian rights— which means that the
man at the mouth of the river has a
right to see all the water go by him
undiminished in quantity and unpol
luted in quality.
This conflict went on for years, and
millions of property rights were built
on no better foundation than the suf
france of the man down the stream, or
at best on shotgun law. Men from one
end of the Stale to the other worried
over this condition and met in conven
tions to devise a way out of the diffi
culty, and finally it was agreed to ask
the Legislature to create districts with
tho powers of a public corporation, so
as to bring every claimant into court
and have his damages assessed. From
1884 to 1887 this phase of the problem
•was discussed more than all other
questions combined. In 1885 a commit
tee appointed by a convention held in
Fresno prepared with great care a dis
trict bill that passed the Assembly, but
it was defeated by the use of money in
the Senate. Other conventions were
held an extra session of the Legis
lature was called, but the proper
amount of Intelligence or patriotism or
honesty was lacking and it came to
naught.
Public opinion, however, has crystal
lized in favor of the district system,
and at the session of 1887 there was no
opposition to a district bill. It was
most unfortunate that the same bill
was not passed, but one was passed
which, though very crude, was correct
in principle.
But it was not destined to go into
operation without the old enemy ap
pearing against it. The large land
owners, who wanted to o"\.n the water
as well, had the ear of the banks and
the money power. The bonds were at
tacked before issued and thoughtless
men everywhere were urged to oppose
It. The courts at first sustained the
system, but finally, on the most
tinued to labor in his especial field
with the same earnestness and devo
tion which characterized his entire
ministerial career, and even now he
feels that after a short period of idle
ness he will re-enter the ranks of the
active workers.
It is difficult to induce the Bishop to
speak of himself or his own personal
experiences. His interest is entirely
in the spiritual side of the missions'
establishment and growth, and the
material side of life in that far-off and
uncivilized country impressed itself
upon him very slightly.
"When I first went to South Africa
in 1866," he said, "the Wesleyans had
a native membership of 8000; now they
have' increased to 80,000. At that time
it was thought that the natives were
incapable of becoming ministers, and
only one man of African blood held
such a position. His name was Tio
Sogo, and he belonged to the Scotch
Presbyterian church. During my first
trip a Zulu Kaffir, Pamla by name,
acted as my interpreter for seven
months, and finally became a very
able minister of the gospel. There are
now more than fifty native preachers,
flimsy pretexts, knocked it all over.
Now the first great, crying need of California is a
system of irrigation. We have great valley* of mag
nificent land, with climate unexcelled in the world, and
these valleys are bordered around with mountains
adown whose sides flow the life-giving water. An in
significant amount of labor will put the land and the
water together, with a result more astounding than
any Arabian tale; and all that is wanted is intelli
gence enough to make a system. Is it in California?
* * *
H. H. RICHMOND,
Editor
AUBURN ARGUS
It is very natural for that corporation to control
transportation as long as it is possible to do so.
California should have been at the very front in
any plan that will secure the early completion of the
Nicaragua Canal. San Francisco, of all cities under
the sun, is the most interested in its completion. Her
competitors are awake, and every opportunity for <li
verting trade to Puget Sound and Victoria are being
used. She should remember that these great compa
nies have the strongest naval power of tho world to
back them. San Francisco, by assuming the aggres
sive in the completion of the canal, assures to herself
a monopoly of the trade that would inevitably result
from its completion.
As to California itself, she should not rest till a
union of the Santa Fe system with the San Joaquin
Valley and San Francisco Railroad Company gives her
an active competitive line of transportation. Every
new line by the very nature of things builds up addi
tional feeders. The Vanderbilt combination, by the
late purchase of the Union Pacific Railroad and the
rontrol of the northwestern branch, now has a through
line to the coast, but that combination will probably
not rest till it has control of a through line to San
Francisco.
I speak of these things not as an enemy of the
present transportation lines. On the contrary, I have
always been friendly to them, but the destiny of the
State should always stand foremost in the mind of its
real friends. I have so many times seen our leading
fruit-growers paying actual freight balances for the
privilege of sending fruits to Eastern markets that the
thing is becoming monotonous.
There is not a city of the size of San Francisco in
SILOTI'S MARVELOUS REACH OF TWELVE AND A HALF KEYS.
The Fingers of the Polish Musical Wonder Are Remarkably Long and Flexible and Strong as Iron.
SILOTI has made his appearance in
America unclaimed by the press
agent or unheralded by European
reputation. One of the most strik
ing things about him is that his hair,
about which there is positively noth
ing remarkable, is trimmed in the con
ventional way regularly every two weeks.
There are, however, many striking phy
sical characteristics which are real in
dications of power. It is probable that
as a .matter of fact few people know just
what the physical requirements of a
great musical genius really are.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCII 6, 1898.
and Paruli ■ ..il at the head with a
congregatir.:. of 1300 converts, all
brought in from a very wild, heathen
country through his personal instru
mentality.
•'My work has extended from Liberia
in the north to Cape Colony, Transkei,
Natal and into the Transvaal country.
I have traveled 3uoo miles from mission
to mission on one trip, making the en
tire distance on foot, with two natives
as my only companions. The missions
work from the coast inland and the
journey from one to the other is zig
zag, part through jungles and the rest
of the way through the tall grass.
There are no horses to be had. If
there were they could not make their
way along, as the grass is over ten
feet high and the only roads are the
narrow paths where the grass roots
are worn out by the naked feet of na
tive travelers. These paths are just
the width of one man's track. The
only comfortable wide paths are those
occasionally found which have been
made by some elephant forcing his
way through in search of food or
water.
"One of the natives carried my bed,
"What is California's
greatest need at present?"
Cheap transportation, which
can only be accomplished by
the opening of competitive
lines of transportation. I
make no fight against the
Southern Pacific Company.
This artist's hand is so formed that
it can spread itself over a greater num
ber of keys on the piano than any hand
rvi-r seen in the country. Siloti can reach
twelve and a half notes, or an octave
and four and a half notes. The average
musician is very well satisfied to be
able to strike a full octave.
This extraordinary reach of course
makes it possible for Siloti to strike a
remarkable range and variety of octaves,
and hence his rapidity and ease. He can
strike notes so fast, in running the scale
for Instance, that it is Impossible for the
ear to distinguish them. The fingers of
the hand are remarkably long and the
a folding affair, which could be set up
in civilized fashion at night, as sleep
ing- on the ground is very detrimental
to the health of white persons. The
other carried a supply of food, and
being lightly clad we made twenty
miles a day comfortably. We carried
no arms whatever, and though we of
ten heard the leopards bark near by
and heard tales^ from village people of
the depredations of lions and other
fierce wild animals, we were never dis
turbed. I put myself in the care of my
Maker and went to sleep comfortably
and soundly every night as if I were in
my own home in California.
"The villagers are extremely kind to
pefcons traveling as we did. It is the
custom in every village for each man
to clear a place for cultivation, and his
work it, raising yams and such
things. Then all the men work togeth
er, and clear a tract which they call
'the stranger's farm.' and thig is given
into the charge of the king's head wife,
who is always the one he married first
and the mother of the heir. This queen
cares for the land, and raises all she
can upon it, and the produce is re
served for the special use of the king's
the United States or in Europe that has not all the
way from two to twenty competitive lines of trans
portation centering in them, and why should our me
tropolis be an exception?
Let us have a little of Chicago's energy. She never
hesitates In giving room fur terminal facilities, and the
Hay City actually disputed the original right of the
So-uthern Pacific Company for such facilities.
California's greatest .resent necessity is competi
tive lines of transport, '.ion and the resulting ch^ap
rates.
• •
"What is the Greatest Need
of the State To-day?" In
one word, MONEY. I do not
mean by this the free coinage
of 16 to 1 silver dollars, but
the influx of capital for the
development of our resources.
Half a century ago Cali
fornia was the goldrn El Dorado, the land of promise,
P'bither the poor might come and pick up gold. What
we needed then was men; the money was here for
those who would brave the hardships of the trip
across the plains or around the cape. But those days
are no mo-re, and our need to-day is not for poor men
who come here to make fortunes, but for rich men
come here to spend fortunes.
Perhaps that may be putting the case too strongly,
hut in my judgment the immigration we should bid
for is that vf people who have some capital. We do
not need pioneers to take up raw land and set out
fruit trees — there is danger of overproduction now. We
need settlers, not. rich necessarily, but with sufficient
means to buy one of the orchards already planted and
give it a more intensive cultivation. We do not need
more fruit farms as much as we need better treat
ment of those we have, and a more skillful handling
pf their products.
We need a greater diversification of our industries,
such as capital would make possible; more dairy
farms, more beet farms, more sugar factories, more
development of our latent mineral resources, more elec
tric power plants that will furnish cheap power for
manufacturing, and link our towns with electric roads;
a railroad from Southern California to Utah — a mul
titude of thinps that capital alone can bring us.
To the seeker after a home in our matchless cli
mate and a place to invest the money he has earned
in a harsher clime, we reach out the glad hand; and
E. P. CLARKE,
Ed. tor
RIVERSIDE DAILY PRESS.
hand is an exceedingly powerful one. And,
in spite of its great strength and size, it
is as flexible and soft as a baby's.
One of the most interesting t. - the tests
made was the measurement of the
strength of the muscles of tne inner hand.
It -is the strength of these muscles which
gives cleanness and decision to the touch,
as well as rapidity and ease. Great pian
ists always have very powerful hands.
It is said that Paderewski could crush an
ordinary hand in his grasp and perform
other feats which would discredit most
so-called strong men. The exact strength
of Siloti's hand was determined by
means of an anthropometric instrument.
by which the exact pressure exerted Is
guests.
"A stranger asking hospitality is
brought before the king and strictly in
terrogated as to himself, his home, his
business and his destination. The re
plies being satisfactory, he is turned
over to the care of the queen, who
lodges him in 'the stranger's house,' a
house reserved for such as he, and
serves him with three good meals a day
as long as he chooses to remain. No
charge is made and no presents are ex
pected. It is hospitality, pure and sim
ple; but in the case of a traveler who
comes with a large retinue, with goods
and guns and such things the attitude
of the king is different. He^ives only
what is asked and paid for, and exacts
tribute and presents whenever there is
the slightest possibility of his demands
being complied with.
"The native villages are composed of
circular mud huts, with sharply slop
ing thatched roofs, set about irregular
ly, with an open space for ceremonial
occasions reserved in some part of the
settlement. Around this collection of
dwellings for defense is always built a
high and impenetrable fence composed
of stakes driven into the ground and
It is full of good opportunities for lucrative and le
gitimate investment.
• • *
W. A. CROW,
Editor
REDWOOD CITY DEMOCRAT
rank among States in all that
tends to render habitation desirable if Californians will
but direct their energies in an united effort to promote
nnd upbuild its wonderful resources and magnificent
institutions.
There is nothing the matter with California but dry
rot and the proneness of sections to decry enterprise
and progressive action on the part of other localities.
"With mineral possibilities unlimited and bank vaults
filled with idle capital, gold seekers are leaving in
large numbers for a clime fraught with discomfort,
hardships and danger, when a iudicious application of
6uch capital would cause California's Mother Lode to
yield her vast treasures and furnish employment to
thousands in a climate where life is rendered worth
living.
It semis as if the capitalists of California are not
c.-nly lacking in Judgment, but also 1n patriotism. The
State is still practically a virgin field for investment,
and it is inexplicable that our men of money do not
seem to realize it. The energetic, industrious, broad
minded, enterprising men of the State are, unfortu
nately, handicapped by the lack of means, the posses
sion of which would enable them to accomplish wan
ders for the State.
California has the capital; she has the men. What
a pity that they cannot unite in the common cause!
• • •
G. M. FRANCIS,
Editor ■
NAPA REGISTER.
This need satisfied, the l,500.00(fof population of our
Ftate would be many times multiplied, large land-hold
ings wuiild be the exception rather than the: rule, and
a higher state of soil tillage would prevail.
An increased acreage of sugar beets and a more
general cultivation of flax would give direct employ-
recorded on a dial with" perfect accuracy.
The instrument used in this case bad
been employed for the . same purpose
shortly before Ir. testing the strength of
applicants for the police force. In these
tests thn average pressure of the hand
was from sixty to seventy pounds. Sllotl
pressed the little mechanism till It regis
tered ninety-five pounds without appar
ently exerting more force. than ho would
in striking a difficult octave. A tracing
of his hand, which was next taken,
showed that his fingers are about half
an inch longer than those *of a normal
hand.
The great musician's life of about
thirty-seven years has been uneventful.
| forming a thick wall tied together with
■ the long snakelike vines which are a
! strong and tough natural rope to be
i had for the gathering anywhere in the
forests. There is only one entrance
| place in this fence, and that is where
i some of the stakes are so arranged as
! to pull up easily.
"The native religion is not strictly
idolatrous, as they have no real idols,
but they do have symbols which they
revere and are under the control of
heathen priests and 'devil doctors.'
Christianized natives were formerly so
persecuted by their tribespeople that it
was the custom to receive them at the
missions and allow them to make their
homes there, but of late years this has
been changed.
"There are still instances of perse
cution, but it has been thought best to
let the converts depend upon them
selves more than formerly and remain
with their own people, and the general
effect has been to secure for them
more consideration and respect In thj
tribes."
Of his fellow-missionaries the Bishop
has only words of the highest commen
dation, and he speaks with especial
The greatest need of Cali
fornia to-day is hearty, intel
ligent co-c-peration of its peo
ple. Possessing, as it does,
every natural advantage,
there is no reason why it
should not occupy the front
The greatest need of the
State to-day is more manu
factories, to convert into mer
chandise the raw material
grown here, much of which is
now shipped out of the State
to return to it a finished prod
uct.
judged by ordinary standards. ITe com
menced his musical studies at the age of
8 yean, and at the very beginning gave
evidence of genius. For three yurs he
was the pupil and private secretary and
companion of the great composer l.isxt.
Afterward he studied under Nicholas
Rubinstein and Tschalkowsky.
Like all great musicians, he is tireless
in his practicing. He does most oi his
practice work during the spring and sum
mer months, when he regularly devotes
five or six hours dally to the work. When
at home he teaches a few pupils. His life
is a very simple one. Ho Is exceedingly
fond of the bicycle, which is the only
form of exercise ha takes.
praise of Miss Mary Kildare, who 1*
the founder and present superintendent
of a mission at the mouth of the Congo.
This lady has been in her chosen work
for years and has done much good,
both spiritually and materially, among
the natives. Sne is a large, strong wo
man and afraid of nothing, going alone
into the settlements and rescuing vic
tims of the "devil doctors" even after
artistic chalk lines to be followed by
the swordsman in the pleasing process
of carving them alive have been
marked on their helpless bodies, and
fighting an enormous boa constrictor
single-handed with an ax and coming
off victor.
"The boa constrictor was in her hen
house swallowing a hen and had not
got it comfortably down or else there
might have been trouble," says the
Bishop, laughing at the remembrance.
Besides traveling and preaching and
attending to the multifarious duties of
his position. Bishop Taylor has written
and published fifteen books and the
sixteenth, a volume of 800 pages, con
taining the story of his lite, has just
made its appearance and bids fair to
be the most popular of his literary
works.
ment to a large agricultural as well as manufactur
ing population, and a multiplication of the mills now
filled with workers in woolen goods, gloves, footwear,
etc., would pro-mote thrift, swell the great army of
money-earning consumers, and insure to the farmer a
nearer and better market for his produce.
For the fabrics of our factories there is a constantly
widening market. With the riches of Alaska uncov
ered and the gold fields of the Northwest Territory
open to the world, the demand for mor^'mrH* J^_G»!i
fornia becomes more imperative-- Much of the wealth
taken the next few years out of the Klondike this
State may have and hold, if her people will put a
proper estimate upon and make right use of their nat
ural advantages.
I have been speaking of material things. Were Ito
hint at the State's greatest need from a literary and
moral standpoint, I would say it needs less of tUfc
"yellow" in its metropolitan journalism.
• • •
The greatest need of Cali
fornia to-day is a broader
spirit among her citizens,
which would lead to a keener
appreciation of her material
necessities and natural ad
vantages, and a more wide
spread desire to work to-geth-
W. A. BEARD,
Editor
OROVILLE MERCURY.
er for the common good.
The varied resources of the Golden State lead to a
wide variety of industries, each one of which is prone
to consider its own special need as the great need
of the whole. There are also differences of opinion
within the ranks of those interested in the same lines
of industry, and while differences of opinion are to be
welcomed they are more profitable when the opin
ions are not held so tenaciously as to become preju
dices.
Other elements of discord are the cry in the State
of the south against the north and vice versa, and the
clash between city and country, especially between
San Francisco and the interior. The interests of the
separate industries and of the different communities lie
closer together than the majority of people are aware,
and when our people become broad enough in their
ideas to grasp this fact the material needs of Cali
fornia will quickly be supplied and her wealth of nat
ural resources reach the highest stage of development.
It \s doubtful if our best conjurers and most tal
ented tricksters can, in their marvelous performances,
excel seine of the Hindu tricks, which
show the remarkable skill of these ma-
gicians. .
Probably the most wonderful trick
which the Hindu magician can per
form Is that of the mango tree. He can
literally make a " bush tree . grow be
fore your very eyes to ; the height of
three feet in the course of. five minutes.
All he equips himself with is a hand- j
bag containix . ■*■ a skull . and burned
bones : and * other mystic symbols.
Squatting: on the ground cross legged
with his bag beside him and a pot con
taining earth from which he is sup
posed to produce the plant, he sets to
work. *
He . spreads the earth out on a mat
before him. He then draws out the
skull, some bones, a water bottle of
unique design, a small cutting from a
plant and a perforated box containing a
powder. He then hands the bag to the
onlookers, asking, them to examine it.
Placing the slip in the earth so that
it cannot be seen, he sprinkles carefully
over it j the powder of the tree. Passing
his ; wand ' over it three or four times
he mutters some Hindu incantation,
covering- the whole with a red cloth,
so that the wrists of his hands only
are -to be seen. After a " few seconds
he removes the' cloth' and sprinkles
more water. Then, covering it again,
he sings to in Hindustani. .'He soon,
however, throws back the cloth, when
two separate sprouts are to -be seen,
each. fully five inches high.
• • Covering the plants again, the Hindu
magician repeats his modus operand!,
going through the same ceremonies',
and when he at last throws back the
cloth, behold standing -before your
gaze are two plants three 'feet in
height. If you feel the leaves they are
soft and velvety, and apparently full
of life and vigor, and in addition, the
plants possess roots. ■■: : , ' .
All this, however, has; been accom
plished by the":- sleight-of-hand trick
The object of taking out the skull and
bones from the bag, which play no part
in I the ■ performance H at all,; is to draw
the £ attention away from the bap i
where the plants are carefully wrapped
in l a large handkerchief,^ in such v way
that they can be released -whenever de
sired. Then, at the opportune moment
the magician transfers ' them to th.>
skirt of his; gown: When he reaches
for either the wn tor-bottle or the pow
der, he then j: places the plants under
the cloth. aerBROUGHT THE LAST MESSAGE
BACK FROM EXPLORER ANDREE
How the Third Pigeon the Explorer Sent Out Was Shot by the
Captain of a Whaling Vessel.
IT was Andree'g pigeon that was
killed in the Arctic Ocean on July
1€ of last year, and the message
that was found under Its wing was
written by i" c intrepid explorer
who drifted Into the unknown with
h;<= hallo. .n rive days previous.
Ever since the skin of the bird
and the message were brought to
civilization, over a month afterward,
there has beer, a certain amount
of doubt about the bird being genuine.
There were some things lacking in the
message and a few things were con
nected with the killing of the bird that
looked a little suspicious, but all have
been Investigated, and there is no long
er any doubt but that the bird is one
that was freed by Andree from his bal
loon.
The Swedish Geographical Society has
spent months in research and investi
gation, and President Gustave Retzius
has given forth the society's verdict
that the bird and message were both
genuine. The report has been published
in "Ymer," the official organ of the so
ciety, and fully sets forth in detail the
work that had to be done before any
conclusion could be reached. This re
port is a long document, and contains
statements from some of the greatest
scientists in Europe.
A careful perusal of the report dis
closes the exact facts about the kill
ing of the pigeon, to get at which it
was necessary to interview many doz
ens of sea captains and send messen
gers to all accessible parts of the
northern part of Europe and Green
land. But all this only proved that the
man who killed the pigeon told the
truth about it, incredible as it may
seem. And yet incredulous people
could not be blamed, for when the cap
tain said he killed the bird, knocking it
into the sea, where it remained many
hours until he came back and picked
it up, he certainly told a story that one
could not help doubting.
His story on the face of it does really
Beem t<>o Btrange to he true.
From the report of the Swedish Geo
graphical Society, which must be ac
cepted as fact, it seems that when the
captain of the whaler Alken killed the
pigeon his ship was on the border of
the drift ice, in SO degrees 44 minutes
north latitude, 20 degrees 20 minutes
east longitude. Between 1 and 2 o'clock
in the morning the helmsman called
out to the captain, who was sleeping:
in his cabin: "A strange bird has
lighted on the gaff: You must come
and shoot him, it looks so queer!"
The captain, who had been sleeping
soundly, gave a rather rough reply; but
the next moment his curiosity brought
him to his feet and up on deck. The
bird resembled a ptarmigan; but as it
was pitting close behind a block, the
captain could not shoot without risk of
Injuring the block. So he climbed up
the rigging, with his rifle, and shot it,
the strange bird falling forthwith into
the sea.
The captain commanded the man on
the lookout, in a barrel fastened near
tli,' Jqn "f the roast, to come down and
at. and fetch the bird. The
man objected to taking so much trouble
for a miserable .little bird which prob
ably was of no use.
So the captain went to bed again, and
the bird was left in the water. Having
F'nl'd for some distance, following the
i ■>•, the Alken met another whaler. On
flaringl -aring the story of the strange bird
he captain of the second whaler ex
claimed:
B "Perhaps it is one of Andree's carrier
pigeons."
The captain of the Alken, who did
not know about Andree's ascension, at
once returned to the region where the
bird was shot, and sent out two boats
for. a careful search. After a while
one of the boats returned, having been
lucky enough to find "the strange
bird," which indeed proved to be one
of the carrier pigeons carrying the dis
patch.
There can now be no doubt about the
genuineness of the pigeon, for It has
been proven as far as human affairs
can be proven, that the bird was killed
at the time and place mentioned.
The message, which was sealed In a
paraffine tube, was as follows:
July 13, 12:30 o'clock noon.
Latitude 80 deg. 2 mm., longitude
15 deg. 5 mm. east. Good speed
eastward, 10 deg. to south. All
well on board. This is the third
. pigeon post. ANDREE.
This was written in Andree's hand on
- the special blank which was furnished
. him by the Aftonbladet (Evening
- News) of Stockholm. The editors of
the paper say that none of the blanks
could have got into the possession of
any one but Andrew. Furthermore, the
pigeon was recognized by people who
had seen It before it was taken north.
It was a young bird, and one of An
dree's pets. lie had great confidence
in it. and prophesied that it would come
back, even if none of the others did.
- Making calculations from the dis-
A patch and the place where the bird
'fl was found, it is shown that it had
flown about 120 miles from the balloon
toward Stockholm, and some twenty
four miles north again, from the near
est land to the whaler, on the gaff of
" which it sat down, so utterly tired that
WIND CHART FROM JULY II TO 13 INCLUSIVE.
Frorrj the Time Andree Left Spltzbergen Urjtll the Pigeon Was Released.
OVALS and arrows show the direction of the air currents which indicate plainiy that
the balloon could not have been carried toward the pole, but must have drifted
either eastward or westward. The chances are in favor of the former.
The circle shows where the balloon was when the message was sent.
The black disk shows where the pigeon was shot on July 15.
The fact that the pigeon reached this point is conclusive that the wind tended to-
Bward the east at the time the bird left the balloon. This indicates that there is a hope
■[that Andree is now wintering somewhere in Franz Josefs Land-
Facsimile of the only message
that has been received from An
dree since he started on his fam
ous balloon trip in search of the
north pole. The rounded figure is
a picture of the capsule in which
the message was placed. It was
fastened under the pigeon's wing.
it at once put its head under its wing
until it was shot. It could, of course,
have been easily caught alive if the
captain had known it was a carrier
pigeon.
At first thought it appears strange
that the captain of the Alken could see
to kill the bird at 2 o'clock in the morn
ing. But it must be remembered that
this was in the far north and at that
hour at that time of the year the sun
was already peeping over the horizon.
As well as investigating the genuine
ness of the pigeon the Swedish Geo
graphical Society has also been gather
ing data, at the same time making ef
forts to ascertain where Andree's bal-
Loon is likely to be at the present time.
To this end the log books of all the
ships in the Arctic at that time that
could be examined were carefully gone
over so that it is known pretty well
how the wind was blowing for several
days after the pigeon was tossed from
the balloon.
Fmm the information that has been
obtained it is shown that there were
two active storm centers at that time.
From Andree's position he must have
been caught in the wind from one of
them and carried away from the pole.
LAST SIGHT OF THE BALLOON AS IT DISAPPEARED IN THE NORTH.
It must he borne In mind that the !
rope drags and steering gear of
the balloon were broken just as It !
was rising and that the occupants of I
the car were at the mercy of the wind.
It appears that a cyclone or "low" |
pased from the west to the east, north i
of Spitzbergen during the three first
days of Andree's journey. The 11th of
July it passed west of Spitzbergen, the
12th it was north of these islands, and !
the 13th of July It must have been some- !
where north of Franz Josef Land, j
The two circles on the map indicate i
points of the same pressure.
At the height of 2100 feet the balloon
must then have followed the direc
tions of the wind. It must have sailed
toward the northeast, and after only %
few hours perhaps entered the very
light winds in the center of the low
pressure area. From here the balloon
must have been carried further, the
13th, when it again entered stronger
winds.
During the first hours it must thus
quickly have been carried to 82 and 83
degrees latitude and then remained
there for perhaps a day stationary.
From here the balloon must have been
carried further to the northeast. A
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 6, 1898.
[ new cyclone, or "low," started then in
, existence, which must have changed
] again the direction of the balloon.
It is therefore most likely that the
| balloon never left the Arctic circle;
; that its passengers were obliged to
• land on Franz Josef Land or else
where, and that no news from them
j can be had until next summer.
It is rfbt likely that they ever
, reached Fiberia or Alaska or any other
| part of the American continent.
It is improbable that the aeronauts
were driven as far as Siberia or Nova
i Zembla. Had they reached the former
i country in July last they would ere
this have been heard from, even from
the remotest parts. If they had reached
I Nov Zembla their chances of return
■ ing to civilization by means of the seal
ing sloops which leave the west coast
iof that land as late as September
would have been good.
It is not likely they were caught in
j adverse currents and carried back to
• Spitzbergen or to Greenland, for the
! general movement of the storm was to
! the east.
There are three probabilities as
jto the approximate point of de-
I scent, each strong enough to merit
i attention. The first of these is
that the "Omen" remained in the
air till Franz Josef Land was
reached. Once over this land, the
aeronauts would be able to distinguish
! it by the changed appearance of the
I ice sheet beneath them and by the
black cliffs at the edges of the fiords.
Here Herr Andree may have become
I convinced of the usefulness of waiting
! for further advance toward the pole,
; and in consequence decided to descend.
In such case, and if the descent were
j made in safety, the voyagers might
I without great trouble make their way
j to Cape Flora, about the eightieth par
i allel, where Jackson left a comfortable
i house and ample supplies for a winter -
I ing.
In case their descent were made so
1 far from Cape Flora that they were
unable to reach the Jackson camp be
| fore the winter closed in upon them,
! Andree and his companions might shoot
! enough bear, walrus and seal to sup
: port them through the winter, and
throw up a hut to live in, as did Nan
sen and Johnson in the same region.
The second probability is that the
I Omen came down in the ocean to the
southeast of Spitzbergen.
When Herr Andree was asked a few
j days before his start what would hap
pen if they descended in the sea, the
adventurer replied coolly. "Drown."
A certain actress, having been disen
gaged for some time, had packed her
wardrobe in pepper to preserve it from
moths. She was recently called on in a
hurry to take the part of the queen in
"Hamlet." Being rather late for her
first scene, she omitted to shake out
her royal robes, and her dignified en-
! trance had an astonishin' effect. The
; King, after a brave resistance, gave
j vent to a mighty sneeze that well nigh
I made the stage vibrate. All the royal
courtiers and maids of honor followed
j suit sympathetically.
Hamlet came on with a most sublime
! tragedy air, but after a convulsive
movement of his princely features he
buried them in his somber robe, while
i sneeze after sneeze was all that was
| heard. Amid the hubbub on the stage
i and the shrieks of delight from the
| audience, the stage manager between
j sneezes rang down the curtain.
WORKINGMAN'S TRIALS
IN GUATEMALA,
GEORGE E. LLOYD has just re
turned from Guatemala after a pe
culiar experience there in quest of
a chance to better his fortune.
Some months ago contractors
started to build a railroad there and Mr.
Lloyd was one of scores of young
Americans who accepted the contractors'
offers under a firm belief that Guatemala
offered golden chances to ambitious young 1
fellows eager to better their fortunes.
"On December 17, 1896." he said, "I
shipped from New Orleans under agree
ment to do railroad work in Guatemala.
The understanding was that I should pay
for my passage down oftt of moneys
earned after gf-tting there. There were
over a hundred other men who sailed at
the same time on the battered old steamer
Stillwater. Forty-four of us were put
into one cabin that was scarcely large
enough to hold ten. Most of the time we
were not alloweu on deck and the fetid
atmosphere of our close quarters was
poisonous to several of the men.
"Numbers of the men were almost phy
sical wrecks after the seven days at sea
but nevertheless they were compelled to
go right to work as soon as we reached
our destination, a deserted spot on the sea
coast about 150 miles from Guatemala
City.
"It was there that we learned for the
first time that under the laws of the
country we were -peons' and had no
rights of any kind until we had paid back
what we owed the contractors for pas-
Base to the awful place. We were con
stantly kept under guard and fed only
on the poorest kind of beans and coffee
"The treatment we received here was
simply awful. We were worked from day
light to dark, and many a poor fellow un
used to the hardships dropped dead from
exhaustion.
"The nature of the country at this
point was low and marshy, and fever
spread among us. Scores died and were
buried In the mire without any mark
raised above them to tell who they were.
"Attempts at escape were frequent, but
as far as I know none ever succeeded. A
Spanish commandant and a file of sol
diers were constantly on guard and quick
ly stopped and brought back any man
who attempted to leave.
"Those who attempted to escape and
were captured were made to forfeit all
they bad earnfid, and also to jjay double
THE ONLY PIGEON OF ANDREE THAT HAS COME TO HAND.
The only >!Keon of Andree that has come to hand. The bird brought the only mfSP.iRe that has been received from the intrepid explorer. It was
killed In the farnprth. on the edge of the ice floe, by the captain of a whaling vessel. The lettering on the bird's wings was put there by Andree as a
means of Identification.
Urawn r ""n a Fhotograph of the Mounted Bird.
for their passage. The guard who made
this capture was paid $10.
"Thomas Judge, an Odd Fellow of Chi
cago, William Strickland, a printer, of
Houston, Texas, and Frank Story, an
artist, of Coburg, Ontario, were never
again heard of. They signed the labor
contract, in Laminitas office, New Or
leans, agreeing to work nut the price of
their passage and advances, as working
men on their arrival in thf> Spanish re
public. For there Spanish laws prevail,
and a man must "work out' out his debts
as a 'peon' to get a passport to travel
RIGHT WING OF PIGEON SHOWING ANDREE'S NAME WHICH WAS BRANDED AS A
MEANS OF IDENTIFICATION.
through the country and show he is a
free citizen.
"This was one of the conditions of the
concession granted Sylvanua Miller for
building the road. The contractors were
autocrats. Their will was law.
"One night a sub-contractor named M.
H. Guthrie of San Antonio, who boasted
he had killed his twenty-eight men,
caused one of our boys to be stripped and
placed in the stocks so that the mosqui
toes would torture him till he was again
put to work in the morMing. The man's
offense was dropping over from sheer ex
haustion and want of proper food while
working in the gravel pit in the hot,
burning sun at 110 degrees temperature.
"At last I paid up my passage to
Panzos, Guatemala, and received my
passport, at a cost of $39 for the horrible
passage there and $103 for supplies fur
nished me."
WHAT SHAVING COSTS.
The statistician who had been busy
with his pencil looked up at the man
who hates figures and said:
"Didn't have anything to do and
thought I'd figure a little. You know
EFFECT OF WEALTH
UPON A TINNER.
GEORGE H. HOPPER, who died
the other day on his Elmwood es
tate, near Cleveland, Ohio, be
came rich through his associa
tion with the Standard Oil Com
pany, but he was noted particularly for
his Striking individuality and quaint
characteristics.
In early life he was a tinner, and
when the Standard Oil Company or
ganized he obtained the contract for
making tin cans for the company
through Samuel Andrews, a distant tel
ative. The Standard at that time was
shipping all its oil to California in tin
cans, and the contract proved tiulte a
that if I were, cast on a desert island
I with a bundle of lead pencils and
! plenty of paper I wouldn't tare a cent
whether a sail hove in sight or not. I
' saw that you needed a shave, and that
set me to thinking. Why do you shave,
anyhow? I never do. Look here:
'We'll suppose that you began shav
ing at IS years of age and that you
koep it up until you are 70. That makes
Bfty-two years. You have a heavy
; beard. We'll suppose that you shave
twice a week. That costs 15 gents a
shave, and you get rid of one-eighth of
an inch of hair. That will be a quarter
of an mcli a week, or one inch a month.
To get rid of that inch you pay $1 20.
An inch a month is twelve inches a
year, costing you $14 40.
"Now"— and the statistician drew a
Ion? breath— "twelve inches a year for
fifty-two years is 624 inches, or fifty
two feet. It will cost you $748 80 to get
that amount of' whiskers out of your
system. Then suppose you give a nickel
tip every time to the man — "
But the fellow who hates figures had
fled.
Dr F. E. Yoakum of Los Angeles,
Cal./has applied the X-rays to the de
termination of gold in quartz. In a
photograph he was taking there was a
vacant space on the plate, and he plac
ed a piece of gold-bearing quartz on
it When the plate was developed, the
outline of the quartz came out on it,
with specks here and there which
showed the presence of gold.
valuable one for Hopper. . Later, when
the barrel business began, Hopper se
cured the contract for painting, gluing
and gauging the barrels. In that way
his name went throughout, the civilized
world, for wherever the. Standard
shipped a barrel of illuminating oil
there was inscribed upon the barrel in
letters of black, "George H. Hopper,
Gauger."
Fifteen years ago he sold out his con- \
tracts to the company and went on
the salary list. He was delegated :to
manage the Long Island Paint Works
and the Bayc-nne Glue Works. Time
and time i again he asked to resign, on
account of ill healtlvbut JoluiD.Rccke-
feller assured him that as long as they
were both alive and the Standard Oil
Company existed he should be connect
ed with it in an official capacity.
About ten years ago Mr. Hopper pur
chased Elmwood farm, near Cleveland,
and started in to lead the life of a gen
tleman farmer.
Many amusing stories are told of him
in this connection.
He decided to turn it into a stock
farm. The first thing he did was to
purchase Bell Boy, a stallion, for $51,
000. Six months later Bell Boy and the
stables were burned. Mr. Hopper be
came disgusted with the idea of rais
ing stock and gave it up.
He was seized with the idea at one
time that it was the proper thing for a
gentleman of elegant leisure to own a
yacht. He had one built and christened
it the Florence, in honor of his eldest
daughter. When the yacht was com
pleted it was found to be too big to en
ter the creek at the farm, and, there
being no natural harbor at the place, it
had to be kept at Ashtabula. twelve
miles distant. Hopper hated the yacht
from the day it was built. It was
FATE OF THE MAINE
AS FORETOLD BY THE STARS
ASTROLOGY Is said to have cognizance of distinct laws under which
such occurrences take place, as was set forth in the writings of the
great English astrologer, William Lilly 250 years ago. As late as 1835
the Turkish Government launched a large man-of-war, and, as was
still the custom, the Sultan's astrologers appointed the most fortunate day
and hour to be discovered by them, as propitious for the event.
The two horoscopes, or charts, of the heavens accompanying this article
show the positions of the planets at the exact times of the launching and the
destruction of the battle-ship Maine. Without going into the astrological situ
ation very deeply, certain astrologers claim these two horoscopes show:
Tr ir «, t _That the launching would be accomplished successfully.
Second— That the ship would meet with a sudden, violent and unexpected
end "not at all in the line of her exposure to the ordinary risks of warfare.
Third— That her destruction would be caused by fire from beneath, the
fore part of the ship being chiefly injured.
Fourth— That this would result from the act of an enemy.
Fifth— That the ship would be wholly or partly restored to her original
condition. .
Sixth— That she would lose nearly all on board.
The method of reaching these conclusions consists in a comparison of the
two horoscopes. Such comparison shows that at the time of the ship's destruc
tion the evil planet Mars was in the ascendant of the horoscope of the launch
ing and at the same time in the fourth or "House of the Grave" at the moment
° The evil planet Saturn of the first horoscope came in the twelfth or "House
of Sorrow" of the second. The sun was in evil aspect with its own place in
the first horoscope. Mars in the first horoscope came in the second to a con
junction with the moon. Herschel and Saturn had progressed in the second
to the mid-heaven of the first, in opposition to Neptune, while Neptune in the
second had made the square of Saturn in the first. All of these are evil posi
tions and aspects, and fully portray the exact event foreshadowed In the horo
acf>pe of the launching of the ill-fated ship.
launched without ballast, and as it
struck the water a big wave hit it and
it capsized and went to the bottom
with the crew on board. The yacht
was raised, but Hopper never again put
his foot upon it. Whenever any one
wanted a sail he caused the crew to
scan the horizon carefully, and if the
indications were that there would be
fair weather for three or four hours, he
would permit his friends to go cruising
in it for that length of time.
Hopper's whole career as a farmer
was an amusing failure. He owned a
beautiful orchard of peach trees, and a
friend one day remarked that he would
come down in the peach season and
partake of some.
"Do," said Hc-pper, "do," grasping
him by the hand warmly, "but let us
know when you are coming so we can
get some peaches from Geneva."
Hopper was of a nervous, restless dis
position, and had lived such a busy life
that it was agony for him to be idle.
Therefore he employed men to build a
stone wall around his park, not that the
wall was at all necessary, but that It
gave him something to superintend.
1920
HOW FOUR WOMEN ESCAPED
BEING IMPRISONED IN THE ICE
Were on Board the Whaling Fleet Now Threat
ened With Destruction at
Point Barrow.
THE few people -who knew that
four women had sailed from
this port on whaling ships about
three years ago have been
mourning for them and wonder
ing how they would fare when it
came to facing starvation.
'These women went all right
enough," said H. J. Knowles, owner of
the whaler Jessie H. Freeman, "but
they came back after the first winter."
And thereby hangs a tale that shows
what Jack Tar can accomplish when
he makes up his mind.
The eight ice-bound vessels now in
the Arctic are the Orca, the Jesse H.
Freeman, the Belvedere, the Rosario,
the Fearless, the Wanderer, the Jeanle
and the Newport, the crews of which
number 265. The four women who
sailed with the fleet were the wives of
Captain Green, Captain Porter of the
Jesse H. Freeman, Captain Sherman
and Captain Weeks. The two children
who sailed away were Bert Sherman,
the six-year-old son of Captain and
Mrs. Sherman, and Dorothy Porter, the
eight-year-old daughter of Captain and
Mrs. Porter.
The permitting of the women to go
north on the whaling ships was really
a big experiment. It has long been
known that sailors object to having
the wives of captains or mates on b
a ship. This is partly superstition and
partly Jack Tar's own reason. To over
come this objection it was decided that
nothing should be said to the sailors
about the women's presence on board
until the ships had been several days
at sea. And this plan was carried out.
However, Jack Tar carried his end
when the time came. As long as the
ships were at sea and work was being
done the sailors said nothing, so the
women spent, without molestation, a
whole summer in the Arctic. They also
spent a winter there under pn
the second summer also. Hut when
winter began to draw nigh again a
howl went up.
The women must leave the ships!
< if course the captains objected and
Bwore, etc., but Jack Tar always has
a card up his sleeve that he knows
how to play. "If the women would not
leave the ships the sailors would," was
the ultimatum sent out by the differ
ent crews. And a few men actually
carried out their threats, co the
tains were compelled to send their
wives and children home. Even a st-a
captain can realize that there is no
more useless a piece of property in the
world than a whaler in the Arctic
without a crew.
And so ended the experiment which
has most effectually put an end to
women going to the Arctic in whaling
ships again.
BEFORE her death Frances
Willard In a way selected her
own successor in the great
work carried on by the W. C.
T. I*. That she had in mind
careful preparation for the
calamity which has just befallen the
W. C. T. I", there is no doubt. Proba
bly she knew her own lark of
strength, or her faillifg health, better
than any one dreamed. She knew,
too, that in case of her sudden pass
ing there would be no one directly
ready to take her place, for all the
vice-presidents scattered over the
MRS. LILLIAN M. N. STEVENS.
Mrs. Stevens was vice-president of the W. C. T. f., and through her position has been selected by the organization
to take the place made vacant by the recent death of Frances Wili» r ' ?
TYhat is the real objection of the sail
ors to having women on board their
ships is a question many {night ask.
The only way to pet a truthful answer
to the question is to get a sailor alone
and ask him. And then perhaps he
•won't tell.
I had a talk with the women who
caused all the trouble before they sail
ed, and, with that conversation still
fresh in my memory, I can just about
imagine how they put in the time after
they steamed out of the Golden Gate
more than three years ago. Each cap
tain paid $1000 for the privilege of tak
ing his wife with him on the cruise. All
thought a great point had been gained,
as captains had been asking for the
privilege for years and owners had
been constantly refusing.
These four women were the first,
; with the exception of Mrs. Peary, to
venture so far north. And the clrcum
i stances are so entirely different that
Bach a comparison is probably lnapro
j pos. Mrs. Green was the most robust
|of the four. Mrs. Porter was a frail
j looking woman from Oakland, Cal., not
! well fitted to brave the rigors of such
! a prolonged cruise. Mrs. Sherman
i seemed bound to be the life of the fleet,
so merrily did she look the voyage in
j the face three years ago. Mrs. Weeks
was filled with a fund of inexhaustible
j humor and cemmon-sense.
And think of the parking in antici
pation of such a cruise. Into steamer
trunks went all sorts of fancy work —
Cor the opportunity to study the her
ring bone stitch was understood to be
promising — and into the hampers went
delightful packages, not to be opened
for two or three years, as their pro
gressive game of food supply advanced,
and boxes were packed with the mate
rials for making the elusive chocolate
cream, and even patties, on some great
day when there was to be a special
frolic. And you might have supposed
those four steam whalers were arks,
for two by two they marched into them
with the merriest possible forecast, as
if such a thing as an ice blockade was
a bad dream only, and the long north
ern nigh} was only a myth of childhood
raphy days.
1 can form a very fair idea, from the
talks I had with them before they
sailed, of just about how these fc-ur in
trepid females occupied their time. In
the morning I fancy they did not tum
ble out very early from their fur sleep
ing bags, especially in the six dark
MRS. LILLIAN STEVENS, THE NEW W. G. J. U. PRESIDENT
Character Sketch of the Woman Who Has Taken the Placo Made Vacant by the Passing of Frances Willard as the Leader of the Powerful Women's
Christian Temperance Union.
United States would be on an equal j
footing, with no one as the official
bead. Miss Willard had keenness and
foresight, and she recognized the
dangers of such a situation.
So she suggested the creation of the j
office of vice-president at large. As
soon as her suggestion was adopted ;
she nominated Mrs. Lillian M. N. i
Stevens to fill tho position. At her
own death recently Mrs. Stevens nat
urally stepped into the high office of
president of the W. C. T. U. So in
honoring the new president the rank
and file of the society feel in a way
that they are honoring the last wishes :
of their late great leader in the cause. |
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 6, 1898.
months of the year. When a variation
of the mono-tony came it was usually in
the form of a whale that had been
"sighted" some four or six miles away,
and then the men scrambled into their
boats and were off. The exciting chase
was watched by the breathless women
and children in the ships, for it is not
a sport that permits of their being any
nearer, and they scanned the horizon
with anxious eyes to see who secured
the big catch.
Several parrots went along, and they
were to be told how to yell "Hip, hip,
hooray!" and to sing the "Star Spang
led Banner" when the thoughts of home
came crowding too fast. There were
pianos in the cabins, and the afternoon
hours were often to be passed In music
and song.
And to think that it should all turn
out so unsatisfactory. But ask an old
salt his opinion of the matter, and he
will shake his head and say, "I told
you so-."
JACOB LONG, THE OIL WIZARD.
Jacob Long, the famous "Oil "Wiz
ard" of Indiana, has come Into promi
nence again through locating, by his
peculiar method, some extensive oil
fields In Ohio. He prospected through
out the oil country recently, and his
predictions have been in almost every
instance phenomenally successful.
Twenty years ago, when Long was in
his prime, he was called the "water
witch." Whenever a sawmill or resi
dence was to be built he was called on
to ascertain if the place was provided
with water. Long was enabled to de
tect the presence of water by means of
a forked stick which he carried close
to the ground. He held a prong in
each hand so that the third prong
pointed upward. He claimed that as
he passed over the water the prong
would invariably point downward.
Scientific people laughed at his method,
but his judgment proved to be so good
that no one thought of putting down a
well unless Long was consulted.
Some years ago while Long was
searching for water, his stick began to
perform very curious antics by turning
inward and outward. The phenomena
puzzled Long at first, but after investi
gation he announced that large reser
voirs of oil and gas lay under this land.
The theory seemed so absurd that he
was laughed at, and his sanity was
In some ways the new leader resem
bles the old for she is earnest,
broad-minded and intuitive. Then
she knows Miss Willard's work and
plans probably- more thoroughly than
any one else, having been more con
stantly associated with her than any
other woman in the organization ex
cept Miss Anna Gordon, who has
never been a public woman save in the
sense of being Miss Willard's alter ego.
Therefore there is wonderful unani
mity around the temple these days.
Mrs. Stevens is accepted as president
without demur, for it is as though she
had been chosen and appointed by a
voice from the beyond.
THE WOMEN AND CHILDREN OF THE ARCTIC WHALING FLEET.
They Were All Sent Back Home on Protest of the Sailors, Who Did Xot Want to Take Any Chances Against "Luck." Had the
Protest of the Sailors Not Been Complied With the Women Would Now Be Icebound With Their Husbands at Point
Barrow, to Which Point the United States Cutter Bear Is Now Bound With Relief for the Imprisoned Whalers.
questioned. Failing to convince his
neighbors, he left home and tried to
accumulate enough money to purchase
Lest any misunderstanding arise, it
is well to add that Mrs. Stevens is pres
ident of the union under the constitu
tion, which provides in article 4 that
the officers shall be president, vice
president at large, etc.; and in article
1 of the bylaws, where, under the head
ing of duties oi president, it is enacted
that "she may also nominate one of
the vice-presidents to be known as vice
president-at-large, said nomination to
be acted upon by the convention. In
case of the president's inability to act
the duties shall fall upon the vlce-pres
ident-at-large." At four consecutive
conventions Mrs. Stevens was nominat
ed by Miss Willard and elected by the
convention.
Mrs. Stevens of Maine has not the
same wonderful magnetism which char- ,
acterized her predecessor. But she is
very gentle, womanly and withal firm.
She is approachable, courteous and well
bred, while the quiet dignity of her ;
manner carries with it to the intuitive
the conviction of a strong will capable ,
of holding its own.
She is rather small and slight, with
black hair in which there is scarcely a
line of gray, and deep hazel eyes, which
haw a way of looking through an indi
vidual and probing him to a pretty con
clusive and accurate definition.
She is 54 years old, not a pretty wom
an, but vastly better looking than her
pictures, which rather give the impres
sion of a hard personality and a fine
disregard for appearances. Actually,
this is misleading.
Mrs. Stevens is a tremendously earn
est suffragist, but so is Susan B. An
thony, and neither deems it necessary
to go roughly clad and looking like a
guy in order to body forth a proof of
strong-mindedness.
"As fur as in us lies we Intend to car
ry out the plans and wishes of Miss
Willard." said Mrs. Stevens, "those for
mulated and adopted at the last gen
eral convention at Buffalo, those of the
post-executive committee of that con
vention over which Miss Willard pre
sided, and also the plans maae at the
general officers' meeting held here at
the Temple after the post-executive,
November 11 and 12, 1897. They com
prise our plans for the entire year, you
know. The three principal things, how
ever, are:
"1. To work for constitutional prohi
bition in States not now under prohib
itory law, and in States which do have
It to make an effort for better enforce
ment of the law.
"2. To work for increased member
ship. That explains itself. We need
more added unto ue.
"3. As Miss Willard said, 'This must
be our financial year.' Last year we
worked for the Armenians; this year
we shall work for retiring Temple trust
bonds. This means the raising of $300,
000. Do I think we will get so large a
sum? Yes. We hope for even more
than that. Our whole aim is to take
up the work of the union on all sides as
Miss Willard designed it. We mean tc
go forward.
"I shall still keep my home in Port
land, Me., but expect to be in Chicago
a good deal," said Mrs. Stevens. "It
seems better that Anna Gordon and I
should be in the East together. No;
not as my private secretary. Don't
speak of her in that way. I shouldn't
want her to be thought of as private
secretary to anyone any more. Merely
say that she will continue her connec
tion with the work. We are trying to
keep everything as nearly as possible
as it was. Miss Willard's faithful ste
nographer will also stay with Miss
Gordon and me. I remain in Chicago
over Monday, then go East for a short
time and return again.
"At first we were paralyzed with
gTlef." she continued, in speaking of
the association's late loss. "We did not
really expect the end. I thought she
would get better all along, and I sent
a cheering cablegram to Lady Henry
at 6 o'clock of the night when she
passed away at 12. I did not give her
up until five hours before the end came.
"For twenty-three years Miss Wil
lard and I have been together part
of every year except those which
Bhe spent in England. Last spring I
went to England as American delegate
to the British Women's Temperance
Association. I was the guest of MiS9
Agnes Slack there, and, yes, I was also
j a part of the land. In this he has been
; unsuccessful.
1 A short time ago he heard that oil
at Eastno-r Castle with Lady Henry, as
well as in her London home in Park
lane."
"This last petition Miss YVillard is
sued was to Yale," said Mrs. Stevens,
musingly, "and her last official call
was to all the local unions to unite in
celebrating Xeal Dow's birthday as
prohibition day. That is on March 20,
and a great many of the unions had
engaged their halls and speakers when
the news of Miss Willard's death came,
so the general officers have named that
as prohibition day for all time to come.
This honors Miss Willard's last call to
perpetuity, and the officers have de
cided to make it also a memorial day
for her. As she was a worker for pro
hibition also, it seems a very fitting
combination. We are also asking the
DANCED AND DIED TO FREE HER PEOPLE.
OFF the West African Coast, in
latitude 3 degrees S. and longi
tude 30 E.. lies the picturesque
island of Anno Bom. Surround
ed by the blue waves, its top
rising proudly and grandly
above the fleecy clouds that float across
th<> tropical sky, girdled about by foam,
rich in tropical verdure, it is like a gem
of the ocean. It is peopled by the de
scendants or Africans who were in cap
tivity, and who, according to the ro
mantic legend told by the present isl
anders, had a wonderful escape from a
clave ship, and a not less wonderful
escape from the fury of a gale before
they found this land of refuge and free
dom.
The legend, which serves in lieu of ;
: history for the people, includes the nar- j
rative of a heroic young African girl, ■
who, inspired by love of her people, j
[ pure in heart, bold in resolve, and gift- !
i ed with such talent for dissimulation
'■ and stratagem as might have belonged
| to the woman who overcame Samson,
j laid down her life for her kindred, and |
' her final act was to liberate them while
! her blood was chilling with an insidi- ;
| ous poison.
Captain William Brown visited the
! island of Anno Bom, on the steamship j
I Klyde, while he was sailing with a |
! ship's cargo of machinery for the I
i Rothschilds" gold and diamond mines ;
in South Africa. The island is lonely
and unfrequented. Captain Brown had
heard of the history of the people and
wished to see the island and to listen
!to the legend of the Islanders. He saw
i Anno Bom looming through the haze
| olf the Wesl African coast one Sunday i
I morning. "1 was walking on the deck,' j
i says Captain Brown, "in pleased an
ticipation of having a wish realized,
when, just as it struck two bells ot
the morning watch, the lookout called,
'land, ho!'
"Looking ahead I saw a small, black
cone, with a turban shaped cloud above
j it. I was told that this was Anno Bom.
i It was about twenty miles distant. The
j transformation scenes as we rapidly
j neared the island were beautiful. The
; rising sun awakened the day wind
i and wafted the rose and orange tinted
! cloudlets hither and thither. The cii
| max came when we were close abreas 1 .
!of the island. Then the dense curtain
j of morning haze rolled aside and. full
before us, stood Anno Bom, majestic lit
! stature and radiant in tropical beauty.'
The people of the island, as they were
observed by Captain Brown, are
, physically perfect, large of stature.
! finely formed and at once strong and
' graceful. They wore no clothing, with
the exception of a girdle. They knew
I nothing of money, nor did they need
i money, for the sea and the soil sup
i plied all their simple needs. They have
i a church in which mass is said by a
j venerable padre daily. "From the
; priest they learn," Captain Brown re
' lates, "all that they cared or needed to
! know beyond the limits of their Eden
! flke little world, where the songs of
I birds, the sound of living waters and
I of the ceaseless surf waves harmonize
i with their own simple hymns and
' lyrics."
High above the surrounding sea
| towers a volcanic cone, the extinct
had been discovered by accident where
he had located it twenty years ago. He
has returned to his old home and his
World's W. C. T. U. to observe the
same day, and they doubtless will.
"It is quite decided that the next na
tional convention will be held in Los
Angeles, and about the middle of No
vember. Following that meeting there
are to be large conferences all along
the Pacific Coast."
Mrs. Stevens is a Unitarian and a
suffragist, which goes far to show
how broad-minded the union is grow
ing to be. For twenty-three years she
has been president of the Maine W. C.
T. U., and is thus the oldest, in years
of service, of any union president in
the United States. This coming sum
mer she had planned to spend in Eng
land, but now she has abandoned the
idea and says frankly:
"I shall stay at home and closely ap-
crater of which is filled with pure
water. The depth of this great basin
is not less than 3000 feet. The diameter
is 250 feet, approximately. The island
ers believe that it is the fountain of
the gods. Its waters are crystal clear
and fill the basin to the very brim.
Around it is a natural basaltic cause
way, perfectly level except where the
water, overflowing, has worn grooves.
Below the cone the view was magnifi
cent. "Far below floated the light
cloudlets of the trade wind, and far be
neath them glittered the double lines
of waves, like an embroidery of daz
zling pearls around the emerald skirt
of the island. Beyond was all the dark,
deep azure of the southern ocean. Re
luctantly turning from this enchant
ing view, and the mingling music of
ocean and forest. I rejoined the guides
who at the fountain's edge awaited me
to drop in two large shells they had
brought for that purpose."
The King of the island, seated on a
veranda in the moonlight, tc-ld Cap
tain Brown the legend of Umzula. The
story lacks little in a dramatic way.
Jt is given in the words of the King:
"Listen, now. my guest and my chil
dren, to what Umzula's father spoke to
his son, and my father repeated to me.
The tribe of Kalamba dwelt, from the
beginning of the world, in peace and
freedom, in their valley under the
shadow of Killimanjaro. until, one dark
night, when the tribe were all sleeping.
Then, when no danger was feared, a
host of Arab slave traders fell on our
village, and all that they killed not in
our battle with them they made cap
tives. There were wooden yokes for
their necks and they were driven with
whips and sharp-pointed sticks — men,
women and children — for many moons,
across deserts and mountains and
through terrible forests and rushing
rivers— even the women with little
children tied upon their backs. Many
died of hunger or of thirst. Many were
devoured by wild beasts. Some were
killed by serpents. Others were stolen
by other slave men.
At last, at about the second hour of
night, they reached a great water.
Next day, from a great ship that lay
near the shore, there came many white
men who were armed with swords and
spears and guns.
"These white men had much cloth
and beads and money and chains and
many bracelets and anklets of heavy
iron, which, after much speaking with
the Arabs, they fastened upon the
hands and feet of our people. The
Arabs returned, rejoicing at all that
the white men had given them for the
tribe of Kalamba. The white men then
drove us into their boats. We had no
tears left and could only groan. We
called upon heaven to take pity upon
the tribe of Kalamba. The white men
only laughed and forced us down into
the inside of their ship. We only knew
that it was day when the streaks of
pitying sunlight came in through our
prison door.
"One time our hearts leaped within
us when the waters dashed over the
ship, for we thought that our God was
opening the great waters to swallow us
up and give us freedom in death. A
strange fever began to rage in us as
the groans and wallings of our wives
and little ones sank like fire into our
ears and hearts and made us writhe
and hiss like snakes. In our despair
predictions since then have been so ac
curate that he is again beginning to
enjoy local fame.
I ply myself to carrying out my plans
for the W. C. T. U. and dealing with
whatever new work may arise."
Mrs Stevens was born in Dover,
Me., in 1544. Previous to her marriage,
at the age of 21, she had been a teach
er. In her husband she found a hearty
and sympathetic comrade in all tem
i perance and reform work. Their only
I child, Gertrude, now Mrs. Leavitt nf
I Portland, Me., is also a warm helper
iof her mother. Mrs. Stevens has been
president of the Maine "W. C. T. U. and
for thirteen years was assistant tp
i cording secretary of the National "W.
C. T. U., being elected vice-president
at large in 1594
In 1892 Mrs. Stevens was appointed
one of the lady managers of th*
World's Fair and had entire charge of
preparing Maine's exhibit of charities
, and correction (homes, hospitals, asy
> lums, etc.) which appeared in the an
| thropological building at the exposi
tion. For three years she was treas
urer of the National Council of Wp
men of the United States, and uj^
! voluntarily retiring from that position
! was placed in the cabinet of the coun
! cil and given the portfolio of moral re
i form.
we were planning to beat each other
to death with the iron rings in our
hands, the women asking piteously to
be themselves, with their little one?,
the first to be slain. But the white men
opened our prison door and drove us
up and fastened us with iron rings to
the deck.
"Once more we saw the sun rising,
and beside us we saw a great whit-i
cloud that seemed to stand on tho
water like the white head of Kiliman
jaro over the plain of Kalamba- We
were turning away, thinking it a cruel
dream, when suddenly the cloud opened
and there stood before us a beautiful
green mountain, fresh as the valley of
Kalamba in the springtime, with s-il
very streaks of water rushing down its
sides. Frantically we struggled, but
the white man's chains held us and
his cruel laugh mocked us as we J>ut
and looked at the beautiful land.
"That night Umzula, our eldest
daughter, and the betrothed of Na
lunga, once the pride and flower of our
tribe, but now the slave of the slay-»
man, crept stealthily from where the
slave men were playing with cards, to
where .her mother sat, among her
chains and those of her children, and
looked alternately at the darkening is
land and the faces and fetters of Ler
father and mother, while her eyes b< -
gan to glow as if some terrible re
solve had begun to burn in her brain. M
She spoke to her mother in a firm und
determined tone, that reached every
ear, and made every slave chain rat
tle.
" 'Oh, mother,' she said, 'although the
slave men value every slave, even the
babes at the breast, as rocks of gold,
nevertheless are the slave men is chil
dren before the slave dance. Only teach
me the secret of the kiss of death.
Teach me this and to-morrow the tribes
of Kalma will dance and sing in great
joy and freedom in the beautiful land
that God has sent in the white cloud. 1
"Umzula's mother looked from her
daughter on the chains of her husband,
the once proud chief of the Kalambans,
and upon Nalunga, sitting, like his
chief, with his brow resting on his
shackled hands, and then upon the re
mainder of the once happy tribe and
then toward the mountain. Embracing
her daughter and having spoken into
her ear secrets known only to the
wives and daughters of great chiefs,
she gave her daughter two small ves
se B containing a liquid Umzula
glided away to answer the slave man's
call.
"Umzula danced the love dance and
the white men, with po)3oned kisses
on their lips, fell, one after another,
sinking into death. Then Umzula. her
eyes pfearotnjß and lips swollen and
gasping for breath, staggered to her
mother's feet and unlocked her
mother's fetrers.
" 'Oh, my daughter/ cried the mother,
'why did you not drink of the liquid in
the larger vessel to save yourself?';
" "Only enough to save my life long
enough to pave you. Tell Nalunga that
Umzula. defiled by the kiss of the
•white man, dies with her last thought,
of him.' . : • >\" ■: 4
"She fell dead while the chains rat
tled about > her, and the sound of the
cry of freedom rang in .her ..failing
ears. The slavers were all dead. The
next day. the ship was dashed against
the rocks of this island. Over the
grave of Umzula is a cross made of all
that is left of the slave ship."One Weeks Work of a Salvation Arnylass
in Chinatown
HAVE been a San Francisco halle-
Ilujah lassie for a week, and I pro
se to tell you some of my experi
ence among the human wrecks
with whom we labor.
In dispensing saivation one comes
upon many marvelous revelations of
human life — of depravity on the one
eide and self-sacrificing trust in the
Lord on the other.
Looking over the work It seems to
me that the most unique, most uncan
ny service performed is the rescue of
dying Chinese from the undertaking
establishments of Chinatown.
Sickness to the Chinese is the posses-
WE FOUND HIM IN AN UNDERTAKER'S SHOP, LEFT WITH OTHER
POOR FELLOWS, TO DIE
Blon by devils. When incantations,
charms and medicines of dried snakes,
snails, worms or what not fail to cure
the poor wretch is put out of the house
just as the evil one would be put out.
They stick a few punks into a block
and burn them to drive away the imps
of wickedness which sickness has
called, while they appease the good
spirits with tea or choice food. Be
tween a death by starvation or life
sustained by food set out for the
guards a sick Chinaman would not
hesitate to choose death.
We had hoard of a sick Chinese,
Chang Foo, who had just been put out
on the street with his bed clothing be
cause he did not have the money to
pay for a wagon to the undertaker's.
It was a weary quest to locate him,
for his tong, or company, had later
had him taken to an undertaking es
tablishment, but no one for a long
while would tell us where it was.
Every Chinaman who comes to
America contracts with bis "tong," or
company, to send his bones back to
China. The tong in turn employs the
undertakers, who wait till the man
helping him occasionally if he is
long about it. After the body has been
buried the h-ngth of time required by
the law the bones are exhumed, packed
In carefully marked boxes, and these
are stored till it is convenient to ship
them back to China.
In our quest we had come along an
alley off Pacific street, opening in turn
the doors. At the fifth we heard a
groan from the darkness. Our captain
called out "Chang Foo." There was no
answer, but our eyes, becoming accus
tomed to the twilight of the room, I
paw the whites of a pair of eyes, so we
went in, leaving the door open behind
us. The room was small, inconceivably
dirty, without a window; and oh! the
vile smell, the Chinese smell of it.
Along one of the room were piled
quite to the ceiling boxes of bones of
dead Chinamen. At the end a sort of
brick table, with two small bars of iron,
on which to set a small vessel, served
for the usual Chinese cooking-stove,
but the ashes looked as if it were some
time now since they had been wood.
A shelf hnlf the width of the room di
vided the space- not occupied by boxes
into an upper and a lower floor. On the
upper floor a man was fixing what
looked like an Indian tepee, but he paid
no attention to us. Life was but one
idea to him — to pmoke the opium he
had obtained and begin the dreams of
bliss. I wonder what those dreams
could be. He has known little but
labor, being of peasant birth, and can,
of course, dream only of what he has
known. Two other tents were on the
. one open and empty- A blue
stockinged foot proclaimed that some
one was In bliss in the other. A bundle
of very dirty bed clothes wiggled on a
board covered with matting, and the
• ■yr-s we had .«een peered at us out of a
drawn, yellow face.
Another bundle had no visible head,
for it was very cold in the place.
"You Chay Foo?" No answer.
"You sick?" No answer.
"You have rice?" No answer, but the
eyea seemed a bit keener.
The captain showed him her red
badge, painted with Chinese charac
ters. and showed him the red Salva
tion Army ribbon on her bonnet. A
light broke over the ivory face; he
knew the army, and was loss afraid,
but theirs is an ignorance which makes
them fear every unfamiliar sight and
sound with superstitious terror.
•'Velly silk, velly silk!"
We^tlrred upon the ashes, and with
some "ticks out of the captain's basket
cooked a bit of rice.
Hercules might have cleaned out the
place if he had the River Alpheus
handy. The smell of the rice must have
gotten into the second bundle, for it
opened, and when I offered a plate of
food the shrunken sick face pretty near
ly smiled, and throwing caution to the
winds, rather to the smokes, he ate it.
It was just what he had been thinking
of. We left a little food. Some white
people lived directly in the rear, who
were in the habit of stealing the food
left for the dying men.
We have wanted so long to start a
hospital in Chinatown, but the Board
o-f Health will not allow it. A China
man would never go to a hospital in
any other part of the city except by
force.
Over one hall we have a few rooms
fixed for the accommodation of th«
sick ones we find, and hither the man
was brought and made as clean and
comfortable as we could manage.
A Chinese woman who some time be
fore had been "saved" had sent a po
liceman to tell the captain she wanted
to see her as soon as possible. The girl
was about IT years of age, and always
so glad to see us lassies. An old man
had paid her father $500 for her, and
having married her, now owned her
body and soul. He watched her con
stantly, not allowing us to visit her till
she had fallen ill. Then the husband
was but too glad to have us care for
her and for her baby. He had become
very friendly, asking us even to pray
for him and giving us money to help us
in our work. '
We found the woman, she looked a
child of 12, holding the baby on her
knee, looking down at him with utterly
hopeless misery. The little one was ill.
We said God bless you, and knelt for
a short prayer, but the poor mother
seemed not to know we were there. On
the table the punk sticks were burn
ing, and a tray of delicate food stood
near.
I took the tiny creature in my arms,
it was indeed very ill, but I was afraid
to examine its mouth or throat lest
the mother should think I meant it
harm. Taking off the clothing I found
the characteristic rash of measles, and
while I arranged a hot bath to bring
out the rash better, our captain went
to get some medicine. The mother
understanding that we did not think
the illnes of the little one serious, her
hope and faith in us were more pitiful
than her woe had been.
Next day we found the youngster like
a good-sized lobster just boiled, but
laughing as much as a Chinese baby
can laugh, and so evidently better that
the mother told us she had thrown
away her idols and punk sticks and
would only pray to Jesus, and her hus
band would go to meeting and bring
her maybe and be saved.
Sure enough a few nights after in
meeting our captain asked those who
wanted to be prayed for to come and
kneel at the drum, and while we were
singing a little old man came forward
and got on top of the drum.
It was well for the drum that he was
small. Others came forward and knelt
on the^lour. He saw his mistake, got
down off the drum onto the floor and
was saved. Hallelujah!
One morning we started to find a
woman whose child had not recovered
so fortunately. She had a little girl 8
years old— a dear, bright little thing,
whom we had once coaxed to our chil
dren's meeting. The next time she had
hung back, looking in wistfully at the
other children, but refusing the oranges
we gave to our pupils. I suppose her
parents had punished her and forbidden
her to visit us again.
.Word liad come to us that the child
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SI7XBAY, MABCH 6, 189&,
was 111, and we started to hunt for
her. The Chinese doctor had used his
charms and blessed the burning punks
to drive away the evil spirits. The
mother, in her trouble, had gone to
her gods, believing they were punishing
her child for worshiping white devils.
She wanted us to go away before ajiy
more harm came.
Three days after we returned, and
found the mother alone and weeping.
Her little one had grown worse. The
father, who loved his child Just as
dearly as you may love your own little
girl, had followed his nation's customs
and taken the child away to die. They
would not allow her to die in the house,
for then It would be unsafe for any one
SHE ATTACKED THE JOSS AND THREW IT AND THE BURNING FUNKS OUT
OF THE HOUSE
to live there any more.
He had plenty of money, so he could
afford t<> take her to the best under
taker in Chinatown and let her die. The
mother was young, so her husband did
not allow her to so out. She had to re
main at home alone, not knowing how
or when or where her only child was
dying. It is a custom of the race even
here in civilization.
The captain and I went at once to
find the child. The mother could not
tell us where to go, but we knew the
places well, and found her easily. She
was in a place like all the rest of the
kind. The fever had been kinder than
her parents, and in delirium the little
one caressed the bed clothes, thinking
them her mother's face.
We had brought some milk, for the
Chinese undertaker is not expected to
care for those brought to him to die.
He only notices them after they are
dead.
I lifted the child and put the cup to
her lips. She clutched it with her hot
brown hands and drank it thirstily.
Then she held the cup up for more.
A plate of rice and cup of tea were
untouched near her. She had not been
conscious that the drink she had called
for and longed for was within reach.
Captain went at once to the doctor,
who gives his services free to such
cases, while I hurried away to get a
drayman to move the child. Permis
sion it was useless to ask, and in this
case possession would be the whole
point of the law. Our fear was that
they would smuggle away the child
before we could rescue her.
I was away maybe twenty minutes.
When I returned sure enough the
little girl had disappeared. No one of
the silent Chinese seemed to know
anything about her. At least, they
stolidly refused to tell us anything.
We knew k every undertaker's place
in the quarter and asked some of the
Christian Chinese to help us, but it
was nearly night before we found her
and we were too late.
She lay in a stupor. While Captain
tried to revive her with water I ran for
some coffee and ammonia. There was
a suspicious smell of laudanum about
the little, suffering mouth. We could
not get her to swallow enough to be of
any use. and soon we found the little
heart had stopped beating.
We laid her decently on the bed and
drew the clothes over the small yellow
face.
The sun was shining on the wet
walk when we went outside; the rain
had ceased.
When we told the mother our story
she said never a word, but going to the
table she took the idol and threv it
into the fire; the burning punk fol
lowed. Then she sat down again and
covered her head. She would not
speak. She only sat as if she did not
hoar us.
Ct>ptain put her arms around her,
kneeling on the floor. The sweet sym
pathy of the Captain's tears seemed to
touch her, for she mournfully shook
her head and Avas lost again in her
hopeless woe. Every day now she
would be alone in that room which she
might never leave, and the bright face
would never blot it out.
It was long past the dinner hour at
headquarters, so I persuaded the cap
tain to go to a restaurant and get
something to eat. It was a dreary
looking place. When the proprietor
had brought in the soup I tried to order
dinner, but somehow the proprietor got
sadly mixed up in his thoughts and
was saucy. He evidently did not ad
mire hallelujah bonnets, so we paid for
the soup and went out. I was right
eously indignant, but the dear captain
spoke never a word till we had walked
a block. Then she said:
"The Lord has taken away my tem
per so I cannot get angry. I shall go
back and see that man and talk to him
about his soul, for he is in a bad way."
She did it, too, and besides helping
his soul got some soup for an old
woman to whom we carried food.
So our hasty dinner yielded a triple
blessing.
Being Saturday it was time for us to
go and gather up the children for the
children's meeting at the hall. We
teach the little ones English. Hence
a great many of the parents are glad
to have the children go, even though
they are not Christians themselves.
Sunshine and Louie Toy, two Chi
nese, were there to help us. I went to
a home, and after much knocking was
admitted to what is a fine home in
Chinatown. It is in the basement and
is rather light when the sun shines.
There were nine children, but only five
of them could go. The eldest, a girl of
perhaps 13 years, was too old to go on
the street. It would have been con
sidered very indecent for her to do so.
As she was not old enough to marry
she spent her time making men's cus
tom-made clothes.
I had often wondered at the cheap
ness of ready-made clothing, but In the
awful dens of Chinatown I found out
how it was done.
The children were not ready, so I sat
down, and the girl made me a cup of
tea, which it would have been a great
offense in me to refuse. It was very
gtrod, though, and we are not so accus
tomed to luxury in the life we lead
as to disdain a cup of tea.
Two little girls, whose father would
not allow them to go with us, chatted
quite frankly, am: one child came up
closer to see me, and said: "Hello,
Jesus!"
Such a washing as those youngsters
got and scoldings thrown in! One
small girl's headgear was not to be
found, though they looked everywhere,
and she got a real orthodox spanking
and howled wit*i a fine pair of lungs.
Before she became quiet a small boy
came out of the next roam swinging
over his head in triumph a gem and
gold satin affair, which the mother put
on little Nankey Moey's head, and we
were ready to go.
There were already collected in the
hall, a troop of thirty shouting brown
children under 10 years of age. and a
fine time were they having. Little Norn
Git was making a boiler factory noise
on the big drum, and Chang Toy had
the captain's tamborine, and it was
trying to drown all other noises. Sun
shine, who was a well-named Chris
tian Chinaman, came in with a tiny
girl, who refused to be left, so he sat
down and gathered the children around,
and we began the afternoon services.
No white child is half so cute to a.
stranger as those stolid brown babies
in their bright short blouses and trous
ers, for trousers they all wear, gins
as well as boys. The devotion in the
attitudes of some of them when we
knelt was mo-re than edifying, but two
small boys in yellow lowers plump
down, and began a social of their own.
One small girl sang in English "Jesus
Loves Me." She was so sinull Sunshine
had to take her in his arms and hold
her up so we could see her.
Poor little tot! A young woman who
had come in, attracted by the music,
and had never seen what to us is so
common, wiped her eyes, remembering
what the baby's probable life would
be.
The captain showed them a picture of
Jesus with the little children about
him, and they told us the story, chat
tering off in Chinese to those who could
not understand English. They love to
sing and some of the little ones are
very apt indeed, but the older ones
cannot get away from the sing-song
monotone of the tom-tom.
We had a march, singing "Bless the
Lord. I'm Happy on th«- Way," till
they were rested from sitting and then
we had some oranges, that is, all but
Sunshine's little one, who had gone fast
to sleep. The lady I spoke of before
had a camera and wanted to get gome
photos of the children. One little fel
low had heard of pictures before, I
think, and sat down and screamed.
Captain tried to appease him, but the
door was open and he was off. He
would take no chances of being
charmed by the black box of a camera.
Ten or fifteen Chinamen had congre
gated at the open door, cutting off
some good light, so I pointed the cam
era that way and began to adjust it.
They vanished.
After the meeting was over we went
to see an old woman at our "women's
snelter," at 603 Washington street. A
policeman had brought her to us late
at night some days before, wet and cold
and half dazed.
She had attempted to go from near
Sacramento, after the death of her
husband, to the home of a son in Ven
tura, and while waiting at the depot
for her train had pone out to get a bite
to eat. Confused, she had lost her way,
wandering up and down the streets
until the officer had asked her of her
self. She had left her valise with her
ticket and money at the depot, but
when we looked for them they could
not be found.
In reply to the captain's letter to the
son, he had sent enough for his mother
to go to him.
Poor old soul; how thankful she was
when the captain gave her that letter!
Then we inquired after a girl who had
been given into our charge by the police
a few nights before. She had been dis
charged from her employment, and
wishing to be very economical until an
other place could be found had gone
to a lodging-house where innocent girls
do not go. She had become acquainted
-.vith others in the house, and was in a
fair way to become one of them -when
the policeman, seeing her. arrested her.
The Judge at the trial was very glad
to give her to us. She stayed a few days,
glad to do anything to escape the life
she had so nearly entered. A sister
near San Jose was glad to have her,
and there she still is earning a good
living.
It is too heartbreaking to tell you of
the girls who come to us there, I shall
not try. No one is refused. Those who
can pay 6 or 10 cents a night, but many
have no money, and it is one of the
lassies' duties to sell meal or bed tickets
of this shelter, and to the men's shelter
as well. Many business men buy them
and give them in place of money to
those who may wish help.
At Beulah we have a rescue home,
where these girls may rest and learn
to be stronger. Then when we think
them prepared for service we find homes
for them in families.
Only one absolute condition to- enter
ing the shelters is made — a bath. Very
often it stands a bar to entrance, as it
did with the one who rung us up last
night.
It was raining hard, and the captain
got out some clean underclothing and
a night gown, and told the applicant
to take a bath; it would be nice and
warm. The woman held up her hands
in horror.
"My God!" she said, "I have not done
that in years," and she vanished into
the dark night outside.
There are a great many orphans here,
and we have our share of them in our
asylum. The State gives aid to whole
or half orphans, but most of ours are
blessed with parents, who abandon
them, so we are obliged to furnish
them support ourselves.
A dear sister at iieulah has founded
a home, and cares for about eighty
children, and soon we hope she may be
enabled to carry out her intention of
starting a "Babies' Home," for we need
it so very much.
After leaving the shelter we hurried
home; there was so much to be fin
ished before General Booth, our leader,
was due. On Saturday night we ex
pected to have a lot of visiting lassies
for the meeting, and everything must
be ready for their reception, beds, food
and wo-rk.
The captain had been wanting a new
dre-s for a long time, but expenses
have been too heavy for her to take
anything from our contributions.
You may not know it, but every Sal
vation Army corps is self-supporting,
and we are compelled by the rules to
live on what we collect. Sometimes it
is not easy to make both ends meet.
There is so much to be provided: hall
and home, rent, food, fuel, charities,
and squeeze in an occasional new dress.
We had been paying a good deal, and
her dress was real shabby to wear
when the general came. We all want
ed her to look nice.
Well the new dress didn t come, but
we never lost faith, but kept right on
praying.
One night we were coming home
from midnight meeting, and we were
all tired to death. A man came up to
the captain and asked her if he gave
her some money personally would it
help her any.
"Yes," she said, "I need a new dress
badly."
"A dress, eh? Well! Well! Will $10
do it?"
"oh, yes. and more, she answered.
The man gave captain a $10 gold
piece, and we all shouted "God bless
you" with all our might.
Another thing, captain has no time
to sew. We do our own work, wash
ing, cooking and all, and she detests
the sight of a needle, anyhow. Well,
she does not bother much, and the Lord
always sends some one along when she
needs some sewing done. This time I
was the one, and the dress was to be
finished to wear when the general came.
And right smart and bright and heart
lifting our captain looked in It, too, I
tell you.
To-morrow I am to go to the gar
rison. I hate so to leave here, but
orders are orders and I may be sent to ■
Alaska or Mexico or China or South
America to-morrow, and have to fur
nish my own fare, for the army does
not pay us expenses. We have half
fare rates, but the rest we are obliged
to raise personally, but somehow it
always comes.
Sometimes we have to live pretty
closely, but we always have enough.
Our lassies were stationed in a town
in the southern part of the State and
it was very hard to get any money for
people were very poor and not too
friendly to us or anxious to help us in
the work. The lassies lived for weeks
on beans and bread, their faith grow
ing stronger the while under the trial.
We rarely take cold, though we must
be out in all weather, often quite un
protected. More often we are very,
very tired in the work, but never of it.
We have such constant examples of
the workings of the Lord, how can we
doubt? When we see people changed
completely in their tastes and wants,
in their whole character and life, thers
Is no mom for doubts.
After finishing the errands that were
necessary Captain and 1 hurried home,
for we were not quite ready to go to
Oakland to meet the general and join
in welcoming him. Thrue visiting las
sies had arrived before us, and we were
very glad to find they had made them
selves quite at home and our supper
ready on the table, for we were to take
the 5 o'clock boat and there was no
time to be lost. It seemed almost
wicked to put on our new things, it
looked so much like vanity; but we
took the risk and were every one of us
fine as spring birds, for we all had
something new. One lassie had a new
gruitar. We made her try it md sing
us a song during our meal. "We chaffed
our lieutenant about her silk handker
chiefs, for at Christmas time she had
been presented with twenty-eight, all
sizes and colors, by members of her
Chinese army.
It was dark when we arrived at the
railroad station and the train was two
hours late. We made the best of it.
however. Staff Captain Reid called us
together and we had a glorious meet
ing. The excitement of anticipation of
the coming; of General Booth and his
party lent an added ring to our hymns
and a deeper earnestness to the
prayers. Several testified and one dear
lassie told how different was her con
dition on this coming of the general to
the Last coming.
After we had marched through the
streets for a time it was at last
time for the train. It was a long train
and we did not know in which coach
the general traveled, but when we saw
a policeman making way through the
crowd for a white-haired man we knew
It was our beloved leader and we stood
ALL THE SHOUTING, GLEEFUL, BROWN , CHILDREN FOLLOWED
AFTER US.
silent.
When the Mayor had welcomed him
and our dear general spoke to us we
f«,und our voices, and volley after volley
we fired before he was driven away in a
carriage to hold his first meeting in
this division of the army.
Of our meeting, what our general
told us, how he labored, has been told
day by day in the newspapers. I shall
not try to add anything to that, but
tell y<su only what we lassies do.
I am almost overwhel. d with the
task, for how can I take you in fancy to
the dives and dens; how can Ishowyou
the faces we see and tell you the tales
we hear down whore Satan himself
could ask for ,no more vileness, no
more crimes? And who are the people
who spend their nights there? Wlio
are the women who.estrn their living,
giving out their souls bit by bit as
they learn new wiles to draw trade?
"We'll, the English language makes us
all sisters, for it gives but one word
for us all— "women."
We visit the dives and saloons with
our papers, not su much for the money
as that it gives us an excuse to speak
to those who frequent them. If I tell
you of a few experiences in those
places you may think them but stock
stories, but it is not so; such things,
as I tell you, are occurring all the
time.
There was one place we had been
forbidden to enter. A new army officer
was sent into the district. She tried
the door of the place and found it un
locked. She came back to us and
said: "If you are afraid to go in that
den with me I will go in alone."
It was 3 o'clock in the morning; a
very bad time to approach certain
kinds of business, for those who are
not too drunk to understand what we
say. are sure to be very ugly in tem
per.
No one was in the first room we en
tered, but a door leading to another
room was ajar. A woman pat alone
there in a very bad temper. Her cloth
ing was a single transparent garment;
tier greeting a volley of oaths and
threats.
A lassie laid her hand on the
woman's shoulder, and told her how
we came only to help her.
"I'm getting on well enough, thank
you," she said.
"You mean the woman you work,
for is, not you: for you have no money;
you are in debt to her,'" replied the
lassie.
"What do you know about it?"
We talked to her for a time and
asked her to come with us. In half
jest, half earnest, she said she would
if we would take her as she was.
We took her at her word and our
leader slipped off an under-petticoat
and gave it to her. another gave her a
cape, and the third held out her bon
net. She looked at us in amazement
while we were doing this.
"Well," she finally exclaimed, "I
couldn't be much worse off than I am
here. I guess I'll try it, anyhow. It'll
be something new, and I'm tired of
this, by "
We had been afraid some one would
surely come in before she consented
to escape with us, and a row in such s.
place is not pleasant. We had been as
quiet as possible, but the mistress of
the place appeared just as we were a*
the door.
She knew our rescued woman's tem
per too well to attempt to interfere,
but told us we could bring her back
when we got through with her. The
woman's trunk and belongings sho
would keep herself, she said.
Captain told her very quietly that we
would send for the things the next
day. We did and got them, too, for the
police were only too glad to get. rid of
the woman. She feared neither man
nor God. and came back from jail
worse every time, and they were all
afraid of her.
"We took the rescued woman to our
own room. After a warm bath she put
on clean clothing and lay down in a
clean bed. On a small farm she is a
decent Christian woman . to-day. She
had a husband and two children, and
she gave us no peace till we had hunt
ed them up. too, and had brought them
into the fold. They were "tired of sin,
and were only too glad to find a way
out of it.
In one saloon I offered a paper to a
man 1 sitting alone at a table with a
glass of beer before him. He was a
handsome man, perhaps 35 years old,
and he was drunk — drunk enough to
talk and say what he felt.
"Well, I am on my way to the
bow-wows," he said. "If you can help
I wish you would."
I talked to him, and he promised to
come to our meeting. I watched for
him, but did not see him. Yet somehow
I could not forget that face.
One day. It was about a month after
I was at the hospital, and I found him.
He had fallen while drunk and broken
his.: leg. - He remembered me, and would
not talk to me at first, but before I left
he told me his story. Born of a good
family in Boston, he had had every ad
vantage, and was a graduate of Tale.
Because he always spent money freely
he "was flattered and courted by those
who wanted it. Before he knew it he
was a drunkard. He \\<.ul<l not be a
disgrace to his family, and so came to
San Francisco. He had been going
from bad to worse till even his mother
would scarcely know him. He had
tried to reform again "and again, but he
slipped deeper and deeper into sin, and
had finally given up in despair.
It was several months ago he told me
that story in the hospital. We talked
about his home and hopes and faith.
Since then he has not drunk any
liquor, and I do not believe he ever
will again. He is now a member of our
army.
Often we are told to go home; that
it" is not right for us to be out at night.
Pray, at what other time can we ever
find those whom we want to save? It
is seldom that we are ever insulted, for
those who know the most of crime, and
evil know us. I; cannot but wonder
that the men who keep these places 1
are so kind to us: they know, we are
working against them, yet many and
many are the words of . encouragement :
we get from them. Almost all of
them take our papers, and try to help
us. in every way they can.
; V > : ■:[ HELENIGREt;-
2122
BOOKS
AND
BOOKS
MAKERS
AX ELUSIVE LOVERr-By Yirna Woods.
Boston: Houghton. lllffiin & Co. For
salt- by Doxey.
SHE theory of dual consciousness has
many exponents. Fiction and
fact alike have furnished us with
instances of the existence of two in-
dependent spiritual units within the
same material body, and it is an un
doubted scientific fact that the brain is
capable, under very exceptional condi
tions, of entirely changing the character
of the individual whom it controls.
The most successful exploitation of this
diseased condition has been made by
Stevenson, who, in his famous "Dr. Jekyll
and Mr. Hyde," pushed the theory to its
extreme limits of possibility. In this case.
It will be remembered, there was not only
a change of consciousness, but also an
actual transference of bodily form. The
phenomena pictured went beyond the
limits of scientific observation into the
realms of Imagination, and of course no
one ever dreamed of taking Jekyll and
Hyde, fascinating romance though It be,
seriously. Conan Doyle has also, in one
of his detective stories, made brilliant
play with the same theme.
But Miss Virna Woods, in taking up the
well-worn topic, does so in all serious
ness. She is determined to show that
there is a scientific basis for her little
plot. So she looks up Ribot's "Diseases
of the Memory" and other standard
works on the brain and gives us a whole I
page of quotations about amnesia, that
curious mental condition of forgetfulness
in which the patient may lead two lives,
being-, while in either state, completely
oblivious of his doings in the other.
This little bit of scientific knowledge
provides the authoress with a motif for
7/ e tied by the j£aw
Xjime and Jtgain,
but Saved by JT/s
"Devoted Wife.
WILL the wife of "Rebel"
George Knowlton succeed in
clearing him from the meshes
of the law again? Time and
again has that wily old con
fidence operator been brought to the
bar of justice, and time and again has
his faithful wife procured means to
help him out of jeopardy; ' time and
again has he been behind the bars with
long terms in store for him, and time
and again has his steadfast and un
daunted wife besieged lawyers, jurors,
Judges and witnesses till she had ob
tained a pardon or a commutation of
Bentence. The last notable case of a
pardon was when "Rebel George" was j
convicted of swindling a half-demented j
old Canadian in Sacramento out of his ]
small savings of a lifetime. Press, j
public opinion, evidence and everything '
appeared to be against the prisoner,
but his plucky wife never stopped in
her labor for his release till she car
ried his pardon, signed by Governor j
Stoneman, to his cell and turned him
loose again to work his nefarious games
on the unwary.
Up in Siskiyou County the officers of
the law think they have netted "Rebel" j
George hard and fast on the charge of j
swindling a Klondike prospector out of
several hundred dollars. How many
times "Rebel George" has been brought i
to the prisoners' dock on just this kind
of a charge only the criminal calendars i
of a score of cities East and West can i
tell. How many hundred simple gud- ;
geons he has fleeced nobody knows.
Probably George himself cannot recol
lect them all any, more than he can rec
ollect the numbers of aliases he has
used in business. For forty years ho
has plied the trade of confidence opera
tor up and down the land, and in that
time he has made a record as an in
corrigible crook. Through it all his wife
has stood by him as steadfastly as she \
Is standing by him In his present plight, j
Captain of Detectives Bohen says !
"Rebel George" is the cleverest confi- |
dence man in the West. Chief Detect- j
ive C. C. Crowley of the Southern Pa- j
cific Company regards him as the fore- j
most confidence operator in the world.
With his quiet and sometimes al
most clerical dress, his long beard and
ordinarily modest and retiring manner,
one would invariably take "Rebel
George" for a respectable old miner
or rancher. Even experts in crimin
ology would rarely select him as a no
torious swindler.
Curiously enough, one of the early
schoolmates of "Rebel George" was W.
A. Pinkerton, the well known Chicago
detective.
According to the police records the
career of "Rebel George" is hardly
more than a succession of confidence
games. When he wasn't in the meshes
of the law the police gave him credit
for being at the bottom of most of the
mysterious confidence games they
could not solve.
"Rebel George" first came to light
anjnoe the crooks who "worked" the
her plot, and she certainly makes the
most of it. The scene is laid amid fa
miliar California surroundings. The hero,
Rex Carrington, is a wealthy young resi
dent of Los Angeles. In his other state
h» is Gottfried Jagcr, a poor German
artist, ami between the two characters he
manages to surround himself with some
very singular complications. As Rex
Carrington, the petted son of a wealthy
mother, he lives a life of debauchery,
and when he gets drunk, a frequent oc
currence, he turns automatically into the
sober, hard-working artist, Gottfried. I In
dwells in humble lodgings, paints hard
for his daily bread and generally conducts
himself respectably until, after an inter
val of uncertain length, his brain swings
round and brings him back again to the
personality of the vicious Rex.
Probably this sort of thing might have
gone on forever, and no one been any
the wiser had not Gottfried, unknown of
course to Rex, taken it into his head to
fall ardently in love with a charming lit
tle music teacher, Constance Wilbur. The
courtship between the two is very prettily
depicted; Constance, full of true maidenly
feeling, stands out as the one strongly
drawn character in the book. .Then, in
an unfortunate moment, Gottfried paints
a portrait of his lady love and having in
the interval changed back to Rex. falls
in love with the picture and purchases it
from himself at a fabulous price.
This leads to some rather humorous
complications, for the two rivals, striving
vainly to meet each other, indulge in
much* abusive correspondence. They even
go so far as to challenge each other to
mortal combat, but naturally the dual
never eventuates. Of course to keep up
this farcical condition of affairs an ac
Remarkable Career of "Rebel" George, Confidence Man
towns that sprang up along the new
railroads working westward. That was
a trifle over thirty years ago. Not
only did they "work" the newcomers
In these little boom towns, but they
assiduously plied their nefarious trade
on the emigrant trains bound west.
At that period these trains were
crowded with men who had their sav
ings wrapped around their bodies or
secreted In some portion of their cloth
ing. Card games, dice games, pledging
false articles, any kind of game even
to plain robbery was played on the
unwary and simple minded of these
traveling folk; whatever game would
relieve them of their little stores of
money. At one time the set of sharpers
was composed of such men as Canada
Bill, George Duval, Tom Tracy, Dave
McCord and "Rebel George."
With the westward construction of
the Union Pacific from Omaha,
Knowlton's operations increased in fre
quency. In a short time the authori
ties considered him as hard a char
acter as any with whom they had to
deal. He was a man fully 6 feet in
height, of powerful build, and bore the
reputation among his associates of
having wolfish propensities. Knowl
ton was feared by the weaker mem
bers of the various "gangs," as on
different occasions he had severely
beaten his victim after robbing him.
Another habit of Knowlton was to
frequently beat his associates in crime
out of the plunder. This habit ac
quired for him the sobriquet of
"Rebel George." Some of his. other
aliases were Morgan, Rae, Harvey,
Alexander and Bailey. Knowlton is
the name under which he most fre
quently travels.
Drifting from the Northwest to the
Southwest. "Rebel George" worked
through New Mexico and Arizona.
About this time Knowlton joined
forces with the murderer, confidence
man and gold brick swindler, Lou
Houcke. That worthy killed a commer
cial traveler on a train not far from
Columbus, 0., after beating the drum
mer out of all his money. He escaped
arrest and made his way to Arizona.
The next trouble of serious nature
that Knowlton met with was in Chey
enne. Wyo., in 1883. There he was in
dicted by the Grand Jury for working
a confidence game In which he assumed
his favorite guise, that of a rich fur
buyer.
"Rebel George" left Cheyenne before
however, and landed in Sacramento.
Here Knowlton assumed the alias of
Roe, and perpetrated a heartless trick
on an aged Canadian over 70 years
old. The old man was leaving Sacra
mento to return to his former home in
Nova Scotia. With him he carried
$160, which was all the money he pos
sessed In the world; it represented the
savings of years of toil. "Rebel
George" made the old man believe that
he also was going to Nova Scotia, and
finally the scoundrel inveigled his vic
tim to buy of him a worthless $1000
bond, taking the last cent of the poor
old man's hard earned little hoard In
exchange for it. When the old man
realized that he had been robbed the
shock was too great for his aged mind.
His reason gave way and he spent the
remainder of his days in a lunatic
asylum.
"Rebel George" was speedily con
victed of the crime.
After- his pardon Knowlton attempt
complice is needed and the a.uthoress finds
one conveniently to hand in a valet
named Perkins. The following passage
will give a fair idea of how she manages
this difficult piece of business:
"Gottfried had tried repeatedly to see
Rex. Carrington. and that young gentle
man himself had left more than one mes
sage for Gottfried at the dealer's, but so
faT they had failed to meet. Notwith
standing the efforts of Perkins to keep
his master out of trouble Gottfried had
at length succeeded in sending a chal
lenge, which Rex had Insolently accepted.
i
He had declared It beneath the dignity of
a gentleman to meet on terms of equality
a low-bred German dauber in paints, but
he wanted to show his adversary that his
countrymen were not the only men that
could wield a sword. His pride and the
contempt he felt for his antagonist had
prevented him from denying the unjust
imputations of the latter, but he was
determined more than ever to win the
beautiful girl who had posed for the
Madonna away from the painter, who
was evidently her lover and whom he
denominated a cad."
Naturally these complications cannot
last forever. The frequent disappear
ances of Gottfried bring his fiancee, Con
stance, into sad trouble, which reaches an
acute crisis when she discovers that the
man is already engaged to a wealthy pa
troness of hers. This habit of reckless
engagement eventually ruins the Rex-
Gottfried combination, the finale being
reached when Gottfried is actually ar
rested for murdering himself in the per
son of Rex Carrington.
To attain this result the authoress
works up her plot with a good deal of
ingenuity. Rex Carrington, after one of
his habitual bouts of drunkenness, makes
his way to a low lodging-house, whither
In- is followed by the faithful valet, Per
1 kins. R( x disappears, and in the morn
ing Gottfried Jager emerges, in posses
sion of Carrington's money and jewelry.
! The case is quite clear, and probably
Gottfried would have been hanged, like
'"■ nan Doyle's hero, for murdering him
| self, had not an impecunious German doc
tor, with plenty of leisure, taken the
j trouble to study the question of amnesia.
The trial is nearing its end, the evidence
for the prosecution seems overwhelming,
when Gottfried's counsel electrifies the
I court with a piece of declamation which
is one of the strongest things in the book.
1 Addressing the jury he says: "I shall en
deavor to prove to you the innocence of
my client, not by casting discredit upon
tbe evidence that has already been feiven,
i for every word of it is needed to substan
tiate the facts I shall show in the evi
dence for the defense. 1 Bhall not try to
prove an alibi nor break a single link in
the chain of circumstantial evidence
against the accused. So far from doing
80, p'ntlemen of the jury. I declare to you
openly in the presence of the court that
I believe every word of the witnesses
who have already appeared before you to
| be true. Neither shall I urge the plea of
; temporary insanity, which would be a
j tacit admission of the crime. So far from
i making u?e of any of these devices, I
i shall endeavor to prove the innocence of
my client by the strongest evidence pos
sible in the case, I mean by producing in
court the supposed victim of the crime of
which he stands accused."
Of course there is tremendous excite
ment at this announcement, and the coun
sel makes the most of his opportunity.
"Gentlemen of the jury," he exclaims, in
low, vibrating tones, "Geoffrey Hunter
Carrington stands before you at the bar
GEORGE KNOWLTON, Alias "Rebel George," and Soroe of the Incidents He Is Said to Have Taken Part In.
Ed to make a livelihood by honest
means, in keeping with the promises of
good behavior his wife had made for
him. He received a position as trav
eling salesman for a Sacramento firm
and was highly recommended by his
emloyers as a singularly efficient sales
man. But a drummer's life was too
tame for him.
At Pendleton, Or., Knowlton robbed
a man of several hundred dollars, and
was unable to escape the hand of the
law.
This victim was relieved of his cash
by the simple old "top and bottom"
game.
For this job Knowlton was convicted
and compelled to serve an eighteen
month sentence in the Oregon State
_ .
of this court, arraigned for the murder
of himself."
The result is a triamphant acquittal of
the prisoner, and Gottfried, his neck hav
ing been saved, changes back into the
wicked Rex. The latter has now discov
ered all about the dual substitution busi
ness, so he purposely counterfeits Gott
fried in order to make love to the charm-
Ing Constance. But the clear light of
true love Instantly penetrates such a
shallow device, an Rex has to white
wash himself by a long sojourn abroad
before Constance will accept him as a
substitute for Gottfried. Of course such
a story can have but one ending and the
curtain Is rung down to the sound of the
conventional wedding bells.
A MODEST AUTHOR.
TIM AND MRS. TIM— By R. T. Lance
fi<l«l. New York: The American News
Company. For sale at Doxey's.
This little book is a sort of sociat skit
told in a very amateurish way. The* au
thor has evidently heard of Mrs. Caudle's
famous curtain lectures, for he gives us
something of a similar kind, applied to
American town life. Mr. 'JHm acquires
the fatal club habit and entirely neglects
his home. Mrs. Tim talks to him until
the reader grows tired of the whole busi
ness, and then, by way of revenge, takes
to frequenting feminine clubs and socie
ties. This evens up matters, and of
course there, is a reconciliation at the
end. The book is modestly described on
the covers as "Witty, Sarcastic, Instruc
tive." This is the only humorous remark
to be found in the whole volume. Fur
ther we are told that it is "the hit of
the season." Whom did it hit, and when
and how? Wild, mendacious statements
of this kind are sufficient to ruin any
book at the outset of its career, and the
author would do well to cultivate a little
self-suppression.
AN ITALIAN IN ENGLAND.
THE DAGGER AND THE CROSS— By
Joseph Hatton. New York: R. F.
Fenno & Co. For sale at the Em
porium.
Mr. Hatton is always thoroughly at
home when dealing with English country
life of the old-fashioned order, and in this
case he has added piquancy to his story
by introducing a strong contrast. An
Italian artist is brought into a peaceful
Derbyshire village in order to execute an
altar piece for the Manor House, one of
those fine old dwellings of the Haddon
Hall type, of which there are still a few
to be seen in the English counties.
A stronger racial contrast could hardly
be imagined, and the peaceful
villagers, accustomed to fhe primitive
rural life of the seventeenth century, do
not at first take kindly to these swarthy,
dark-browed aliens from across the seas.
But love knows no distinction of race and
class, and the artist and his Italian com
panions commence flirtations v.ith the vil
lage belles, and all materials for intrigue
and murder are at hand.
Mr. Hatton handles his subject skill
fully, one Italian murders another, and
an innocent Englishman comes near be
ing hanged for the offense. Fortunately,
as always happens in the good old melo
drama, the murderer confesses on his
death-bed, and everything ends happily
with the conventional marriage bells.
FOR PASSING NOTICE.
PAUL RALSTON— By Mrs. Mary J.
Holme?. Now York: <!. W. Dilling
ham & Co. For sale at the Emporium.
THE NEW MAN— By Ellis Paxson Ober
holtzer. Philadelphia: The Levytype
Company.
These are two novels which rise barely
above the standard of meQiocilty, and,
therefore, require but passing notice: In
Paul Ralston, Mrs. Holmes expands Borne
commonplace incidents of a mining camp
Into nearly 400 closely printed pages. The
st.>ry, such as it is, turns upon the
thr. :ulbare theme of a murder and a
false arrest, the her", who occupies the
title role, being, of course, the victim of
malicious misrepres< :ation.
Of Mr. O'."T!:0ltz a "New Man." the
loss said the better. If this modern
Adam lie the work "f the modern Eve,
she had better betake herself to her
spindle and distaff in all haste. Of plot
there is none, and it is difficult to-discover
what attempt at story underlies the au
thor's pages of didactic verbiage. The
moral seems to be that, if a man refuses
to marry from a mistaken sense of duty
to his descendants, his placid ladylove will
Penitentiary at Salem.
The wife knew nothing of her hus
band's fall from grace. Not hearing
from him in a long time she started a
search for him, and at last discovt-red
that he was again behind the bars.
When Knowlton had served his
time he made no pretense of reform
ation, but went to Seattle and com
menced his confidence games as un
concernedly as of old. Assisted by a
confidence man named John Russell,
Knowlton swindled a man out of $6000
by selling him a gold brick.
Both crooks escaped from the State,
and for some time "ReDel George" was
not heard from. It was afterward dis
covered that he had gone to Mexico
or Central America. It was only a
not suffer many pangs in consequence of
her celibacy; and they may meet after
many years and be happy ever after as
Platonic, Intellectual friends.
FOR THE PRETENDER'S CAUSE.
SPANISH JOHN— P.y William McLen
nan. New York: Harper & Brothers.
Many readers will doubtless be familiar
with this spirited romance of the wars,
it having run its course as a serial
through the pages of Harper's Magazine.
It is the story of a Highland youth, one
of the McDonnells, who espouses the
cause of the Pretender, James 111, and in
his service fights many battles and incurs
many dangers. The youth joins the
famous Regiment Irlandia and fights for
Spain in Italy. He is a born fire-eater,
and apparently it does not make muvh dif
ference for whom he is fighting; the
harder the blows the happier he is. There
are some good battle pieces in the vol
ume, and the artist, F. tie Myrbach, adds
MISS VIRNA WOODS.
much to its. interest and excitement by
his picturesque illustrations.
SOME SHORT STORIES.
JIMTY AND OTHERS— By Margaret
Sutton Briscoe. New York: Harper &
Brothers. _j
There are some rather good tales in
this volume, which deals, in a pleasant
chatty way, with episodes of American
country life. The scene is mainly laid in
the South, and in Jimty we have the
story of a real old Virginian gentleman
who endeavors to make his way amid
the Incongruous surroundings of New
York. More amusing is the story of a
goose-chase, in which an eccentric visi
tor to a farming neighborhood allows a
flock of geese to decide which of two girls
he Is to marry. The author tells these
stories in clear forcible English, and
above all she refrains from too much
matter of time, however, before he
would drift back into the old haunts
of earlier days, and, knowing this, the
detectives bided their time and waited
for him. Finally he was captured in
St. Louis, and there is an interesting
story in regard to his capture.
The St. Louis authorities arrested an
elderly man of intelligent appearance
on a swindling scheme connected with
the sale of furs. The police did not
know who their prisoner was, but felt
sure that they had more than an ordi
nary crook locked up. At that time a
convention of Chiefs of Police was be
ing held in St. Louis. Among other
notables in attendance was W. A. Pink
erton of Pinkerton's National Detective
Agency. During the convention Pink
dialect, a fault which renders many tales
of country life quite unintelligible.
LITERARY NOTES.
G P. Putnam's Sons announce that
they expect to begin in the near future
the publication of a series of volumes
prepared by Moses Coit Tyler, professor
of history in Cornell University, which
will be issued under the following sub
ject title:
"A Century of American Statesmen: A
Biographical Survey of American Poli
tics From the Inauguration of Jefferson
to the Close of the Ninetenth Century."
Volume I.— Jefferson. Hamilton, Burr,
John Randolph, Josiah Quincy, Madison,
Monroe, Gallatin, Marshall. John Quincy
Adams. ■ „
Volume 11.-Andrew Jackson, Calhoun.
Webster. Clay, Van Buren. Polk, Zachary
Taylor, Cass. Benton. Franklin Pierce.
Volume 111.— Giddings, Seward. Chase,
Sumner, Jefferson Davis, A. H. Stephens,
Douglas, Buchanan, Lincoln.
Volume IV.— Grant, Andrew Johnson,
Conkling, Blame, B. F. Butler, Carl
Sehurz, Garfield, Sherman, Cleveland,
Harrison, McKinley.
As will be inferred from the title, the
work, which is to be in several volumes,
is based on the idea of presenting a rapid
survey of the great events of American
history during the century now drawing
to a close, by presenting in vivid outline
the lives and characteristics of the clm-f
statesmen who, whether for good or for
ill. have influenced American political
life since March 4, ISOI. To each states
man included in the plan will be devoted
a single chapter, wherein the scale and
method of the portrait will be somewhat
like that of the same author's work in
his little book called "Three Men of Let
ters."
erton visited the City Prison. At the
suggestion of a member of the St. Louis
force he stepped down the corridor to
take a look at the fur-swindler of whom
the local detectives were all suspicious.
As he reached the cell, he exclaimed,
"Hello, George," and the answer came
as readily, "Hello, Bill." The prisoner
was "Rebel George," Pinkerton's
schoolmate.
"Well," said the detective, "where
in sin have you been? We have been
looking for you for some time."
And the outcome of the discovery
was that "Rebel George" was taken to
Washington, convicted of the crime for
which he was wanted, and sentenced to
serve two years in the State's prison at
Walla Walla.
Again "Rebel George" turned toward
the Pacific Coast. On his way to Cali
fornia about four years ago he en
countered a man iwith $10,000 coming
West to settle.
As their acquaintance grew George
stated that he was going West to join
his partners, who were interested with
him in one of California's richest gold
mines.
Soon after the travelers arrived in
Oakland, Knowlton and two associates
had their plans laid to relieve the tour
ist of his money. Tne Easterner was
told of an Indian, who was one of the
original owners of the mine, and had
been compelled to sell out and accept
a brick of virgin gold in exchange for
his interest. The tourist further learned
that the ignorant Indian would part
with the gold brick for an amount of
money far below its actual value.
In response to an invitation from
George and his confederates the stran
ger went with them to the Oakland
City Cemetery one night. There they
met the Indian, one of the gang ably
impersonating "Poor Lo," with the aid
of a Siwash makeup and a pair of In
dian blankets. After considerable par
ley, the bogus redskin consented to
show his treasure to the stranger. They
retired to a secluded spot in the grave
yard, and after digging in the ground
for a few moments, the Indian pro
duced the cube of yellow metal.
The brick was placed on the ground
before the Easterner, and Knowlton
bored into it with an auger. The bor
ings were carefully brushed into an en
velope as they fell, and when enough
borings had been obtained, the envelope
was sealed and the victim's name writ
ten on it. The envelope was then
handed to him for safekeeping, or at
least, he .supposed it was.
The truth of the matter -was, that
at an opportune moment, when a quick
exclamation from the Indian drew the
gudgeon's attention, an envelope con
taining real gold borings was substi
tuted for the one in which the borings
from the gold brick had been placed.
The next day an assay of the gold, no
matter by whom it was mad*, would
*f course have been satisfactory. For
safety, however, a member of the gang,
introduced as a Government assayer,
did the work. The victim parted with
his money, and in exchange for it re
ceived the brick, which proved to be
of brass.
"Rebel George" was arrested, but the
case involved such a large amount of
money that it was not difficult to avoid
prosecution. Very few men are will
ing to refuse an offer of several thous
and dollars' restitution merely for the
Professor Tyler has also In preparation
a volume which will present the "Liter
ary History of the American Republic
During the First Half Century of Its
Independence, 1753-1833." This work will
form a continuation of the volumes pre
viously published en the literature of the
colonial and revolutionary periods.
A story about Tennyson, which is a.
little too perfect to be true, is told by the
London Daily Telegraph. It is to the ef
fect that the poet one day entered a
public reading-room and sat down in a
large armchair before the fire. Much to
the amazement of the other occupants of
the room, he then proceeded to elevate
his feet until they rested on the chimney
piece, in the fashion we are led to believe
is "real American." No expostulations on
the part of his friends respecting the in
elegance of the position were of the
slightest avail. Suddenly a brilliant in
spiration seized one of them— the father
of one bf our leading actors of to-day.
Going close to Lord Tennyson, he whis
pered in his ear: "Take your feet down, or
they'll mistake you for Longfellow." In.
an instant the poet's boots were on the
floor and he assumed the ordinary posi
tion of an Englishman.
The interesting announcement comes by
way of England that an authoritative
Life of Guy Maupassant is at last in
preparation, and that it is to be the work
of French and English collaborators,
namely: M. Hughes Rebell and Mr. R. H.
Sherard.
Mrs. Annie Hurd Dyer is translating
into Japanese the two novels by James
Lane Allen, entitled "A Kentucky Cardi
nal" and "Aftermath." Both books dis
play so fine a feeling for nature and so
delicate a sense of beauty that it is
thought they will appeal peculiarly to the
Japanese mind.
Daudet is said to have loft behind him
a considerable amount of unfinished work,
including short stories, reminiscences, a
novel which was to have borne the title
"Quinze Ans de Marriage." and a work
of a personal nature, containing an ac
count of his sufferings during the past
fifteen years, which he called "Ma Dou
leur." it is announced that a biography
01' Daudet is now in preparation by his
son Leon.
Daudet's widow and son intend to pub
lish a collection of the late authors let
ters.
M. Jules Claretie says of Daudet:
Singular as it may seem, Alphonse Dau
det, who has been so often compared
with the illustrious author of "David
Copperfield," frequently declared that he
had read nothing or very little of
Charles Dickens. So he often told me,
and I expressed to him my surprise at
hearing it. His favorite reading was
Chateaubriand, and the Chateaubriand of
the "Memoirs d'Outretombe." He had no
need to read romances to write the ro
mance of life. He had only to look before
him, and this is what he did. Though
he was short-sighted he saw and noted
everything: the craving for truth carried
him so far that he catalogued and
placed in his gallery portraits of the per
sons he jostled in everyday life. "I study
even my relatives," he remarked to me
some time ago, "and I can't help putting
them in my books. "
The first issue of a new monthly for ad
vertisers, entitled "Profitable Publicity,"
is very handsomely gotten up, both as to
typographical and artistic effect. The ar
ticles for the month are from well-known
advertising men of thc> Coast. If this
book is kept up to this standard it should
be very valuable to up-to-date progressive
business men; its editor is Edgar John
Arnold, whose former work, ""Just Be
tween You and Me; a Talk on Advertis
ing," we reviewed some months ago.
It will be remembered that some few
months ago there was published in this
country an ingenious and entertaining
series of letters on America, under the
title of "The Land of the Dollar." This
work was by G. W. Stevens, who is cor
respondent of the London Daily Mail, and
perhaps -the most entertaining corrcspoit
dent on the Knglish press to-day. It is
now announced that the author of this
successful book, Mr. G. W. Stevens, is to
publish his letters on the Graeco-Turkish
war written from the scene of the con
flict, under the title of "The Conquering
Turk " No more graphic and illuminating
letters on this war have ever been writ
ten and it is predicted that there will be
a considerable demand for the work in •*>
this country. r
Clever Vrtc/cs by Which
JK? fleeced JVis Vic~
tims Out ofVheir
97Jonei/,
satisfaction to be gained in placing *
man behind the bars.
Frequently such a, letter as the fol
lowing has been received by one of
Knowlton's gold brick victims: "My
dear friend, you have been swindled
by those who were apparently so solic
itous for your welfare. But a word to
the wise is sufficient. Should you re
port your loss, you will be unable to
find us. for we have left the country.
Friends and neighbors, when they hear
your story, will call you a fool or sim
pleton. Your family will judge you
mentally incompetent to handle your
business and private affairs, and have
a guardian appointed for you. Silence
about this matter will be to you more
than golden."
Minor business then occupied Knowl
ton's attention until he was heard from
in Los Angeles, less than a year ago.
There, with the aid of a companion,
Anthony Mullen, alias Tony Kelly.
"Rebel" George" obtained several thou
sand dollars from J. W. Lord, for
whom the town of Lordsburg was
named, and G. Bowen, a wealthy Eng
lishman. " ■
This was the most elaborate scheme
Knowlton ever worked. He fitted up a
fine office in the Southern metropolis,
and represented himself to be recently
from the Alaskan gold fields. He was
introduced to Lord and Bowen by peo
ple of high standing in. the community,
who were confident that he was an
honest old miner. -._-'■'
"Rebel George" interested Lord. He
pretended to have mining property of
value in the northern country, but he
did ? not care to sell any of it, he said.
He claimed he had been in Alaska for
years, and knew little of office ways —
he was a mining man, a"hd satisfied to
be one and nothing more. . - . .
Would he form a company? he was
urged. Well, some day he might en
tertain such a proposition. If any one
should take an interest with him, he
would prefer people of standing, who
would give a showing of stability to a
company rather than people with
money . alone. Yes, he had brought
some gold with him, and it was good
gold, too. Perhaps he might sell some
of that to raise a little money to be
used at the mines. In fact he would
rather like to sell a few nuggets and
would do so, to desirable parties,"at a
considerable discount on their actual
value. ,
And so the sale t was made, but just
exactly how and under; what circum
stances, ; why secrecy was a 1 factor, in
the sale, who made the assays, or why
the "suckers" refused to prosecute
after Knowlton and • Muller were ar
rested, has , never ; been made public.
Reasons there , were, •no doubt, but
what they were has never been discov
ered. -' ?.'-"■ r.
'■■- Lord and Bowen were; like ; the Oak
land victim, and although; the confi
dence men were captured in Seattle
•and returned to; Los Angeles the prose
cution fell through. Lord said from
the witness \ stand that he considered
'Rebel George" his best friend on ac
count" of the large amount of experi
ence which the confidence \ man had
given him, . "-"- —" BOOK OF WEALTH," ALL ABOUT THE RICH, AND IT COSTS $2500 A COPY
IT UESCRIBES THE GLORIES OF THE
RICH FROM THE ARGONAUTS TO JAY
GOULD, AND IT IS BEAUTIFULLY
DECORATED: ONLY FOUR HUNDRED
COPIES PRINTED.
> OBODY but a millionaire can af- !
k I ford to buy the edition de luxe
|\| of "The Book of Wealth." The
I edition costs $2500, and it cannot
be expected that the humble book
I agent should bring it to your
door. It is devoted to the i
achievements of the rich and powerful,
ajid. Of course, New York occupies a
large part of it, says the Herald.
n sections of the work have been
already published, and the three sec
levoted to the United States, now
In preparation, will be ready for deliv
ery during the next year. It is not
placed on sale in the book stalls, for
the prospective purchaser might soil
Its silk binding and its China silk lin- |
Ings.
Hubert Howe Bancroft, a San Fran
cisco literary man, now in Cambridge,
Mass., is the author. He is related dis
tantly to George Bancroft, the histori
an, but be has made exploits in th«
realm of history himsell wnich, his
friends say, entitle him to recognition
aside from the mere matter of kinship.
Mr. Bancroft writes in a very enter
taining style about the rich and what
they have done.
As he says in his prospectus, he tells
of^he rich and powerfal of all ages
ari». nations, "from Rameses to the
Rotnschifds, from Alexander to Astor."
He begins with the men of pelf in old
Chaidea, and closes his book with pages
and | voted to the g'-ings and
comings and the doings of Gotham's
millionaires. Solomon and Pharaoh,
Xerxes and Croesus, < "yrus and Caesar,
jay ! Seth Low— ell these are
spoken of as influences in the world on
mt of their wealth.
There is a lavish luxuriousness in the
way this book is printed, illustrated
and bound. It consists of 1000 pages,
divided into ten sections of 100 pages
each. Each section is accompanied by
ten water colors, etchings and photo
gravures incased in a portfolio. The
text is embellished with 2500 illustra
tions. The drawings begin with the
dawn of history and end with the last
handsome house on Fifth avenue. The
covers are decorated with reproductions
of water colors by the best artists. In
order to give a more artistic appear
ance to these reproductions they have
all been retouched. The binding of this
work is of rich, old gold armure silk,
which has been specially imported for
the use of the publisher, the Bancroft
Company, of Chicago. Everything con
nected with this volume was either
produced in Chicago or brought direct
ly to Chicago for the purpose. The in-
Vides of the covers are lined with white
silk.
There will be only 400 volumes of
this work published. The first 150 vol
umes comprise an edition de luxe. The
Chicago publishers call it the "Cygne
Noir" copy. This edition costs $2500.
There will be 250 more volumes, which
will be sold for $1000 each. They have
tit quite as much silk and less gold
I Minting.
Among the New Yorkers who have
■' subscribed for the edition de luxe are
Mrs. O. H. P. Belmont, who will send
her copy to the Duchess of Marlbor
ough; Mrs. Astor, J. Pierpont Morgan.
F. O. Matthiessen, Charles Frederick
■< Hoffman and C. P. Huntington.
One of the most interesting things
i connected with this volume is the col
l I^-tion of plates. The originals of the
; -ures from which they were made
i are mostly owned by Mr. Bancroft
1 iself; others were made especially
foi the "Book of Wealth," and the ar
went to Chicago especially to pro
l due the water colors and etchings
n which the plates were made.
Mr. Bancroft says he conceived the
of the "Rook of Wealth" while en
1 gaged in the preparation of a work de-
IB< ing the World's Fair at Chicago.
|Th.. great wealth of the nations as
■Bho'.vn in that international exposition
■nvw-d him to philosophise. He reached
Khe conclusion that the history of the
•vorii bears upon .-very page the im
■fcrees of wealth. The jewels of Isabel-
Ha. Queen of Spain, furnished Colum-
■ us Wltn *"•' funds to carry on a voy
■f c , ftt discovery. Arts, sciences and
■Wvllizatinn itself have made progress
PP I L^ c ""';' t of the patronage of wealth.
■ With this idea in mind Mr. Bancroft
Megan the preparation of this most
• rate work. He spent several
■years in research. He did not have to
ft find a Mecaenas. for he was a man of
Hvealth himself. He gathered material
■from original sources. 1J U went to Eu
rope, where he received assistance and
■encouragement from many of the gov
■emments. He gathered engravings
■ pjbtes. paintings from every land He
Ilf"!e researches in Egypt. Palestine in
■the capitals of Europe, and then came
■back to the United States, where he
Blade an exhaustive study of Hf e in cv-
large city. He has gathered hun
■jpeds of pictures of places and build-
Hmgs which stand as representative of
Health. The Roman Forum, the ter
n of Solomon, the Baths of Caracalla.
TVall street and Cincinnati, Ohio, all
have their parts in the portfolios of the
"Bock of Wealth."
"The object of this work," says Mr.
Bancroft, "is neither to extol personal
riches nor these by whom they have
been gathered, but to show what wealth
has done for mankind and how, with
the aid of wealth, man has improved
his condition, has enlarged and refined
the intellectual and moral qualities ot
his nature, developing the arts and sci
ences, building up cities and common
wealths and ever bringing into exist
ence and use fresh objects of beauty
and utility. Thus the term wealth, ay
here used, embodies all that is most
beautiful and noble in the nature and
handiwork of man— wealth of intellect
and moral wealth, as well as material
possessions in the form of money or
property.
"To follow history through delicate
and interesting paths," he says, "is the
mission of the 'Book of Wealth.' The
rise and fall of the various empires of
Persia, India, China and Africa, of
Greece and Rome; the seething of the
great caldrons of usurpation and reli
gion on the Bosphorus, in Spain and
Germany, in France and England;
what endless subjects for the student
of humanity! And when came the con
quest of America, what infamies were
committed in the name of gold and
glory — Montezuma murdered by Cortes
and Atahualpa by Pizarro. after each
had paid the tribute demanded of him.
to the extent of a room full of gold and
silver vewr-els, pearls and precious
stones and fine feather work.
"The development of the mines in
America, in Australia, in Africa, Rus
sia and elsewhere is ever an interesting
study, doubly interesting when we con
: sider that notwithstanding the vast
1 quantities of gold and silver, <>f iron,
copper, lead and coal which have been
taken from the earth, a hundred times
: more yet remains to be gathered. Then
; the rich freighted galleons from Amer
i ica, which the pirates of the West In
| dies preyed upon for a century; how
' they made fat the hidalgos and filled
! to* repletion the coffers of Spain, until
the abuse of riches brought decay upon,
the nation.
"Agriculture, manufactures and com
merce command attention, particularly
when the productions and traffic of the
; world are brought together and treated
of as a^whole and covering all historic
times. Fanaticism, in the form of the
; Crusades, broke the barriers of the in
'■ terchange of customs and commodities
\ in the eleventh and twelfth centuries,
I to the lasting benefit of mankind.
"The wealth of the world is limitless.
Much as has been gathered and created
infinitely more has yet to come. We
] have only just begun to get rich. We
I have only just entered upon yie civili
; zation in which wealth is so powerful a
factor. And the 'Book of Wealth' shows
how clearly all this is, how wealth is
I one with civilization, how to the ac
cumulation of property, of whatever
! adds to the comfort and happiness of
mankind, we owe all that we have and
i are, all our education, refinement and
] progress."
New Tork comes in for much atten
tion* on the part of Mr. Bancroft. He
regards this city as the center of
wealth and culture, in spite of the fact
that the work is published in Chicago.
He begins with a historical sketch of
. the New Netherlands and New York.
! He follows the lines of material growth
and the achievements c-f the men who j
founded the city which we now call
Greater New York. First come sketches
and incidents connected with the
wealth of the Dutch era. He treats of
the days when silver spoons were
scarce and sugar was a luxury. He
tells how the handful of Dutchmen
grew in wealth by trading skins with
the Indians and digging for sassafras
root. He goes back to the old days
when the Bowery was the center of
fashion, a popular driveway, a con
course crowded by wealth and gayety.
He speaks of noted hostelries of the
olden time, and of mansions built
with brick from Holland and mahog
any from Jamaica.
Among those of whom he writes as
contributing to material advancement
in these early times is Johannes de Pey-
Bter. He follows the De Peysters from
that day to the present. He calls at
tention to the manner in which, by
their wealth, their talents, patriotism I
and benevolence, they have added to
the prosperity of the city.
This historian of the rich devotes
many pages to Peter Warren, captain
and commodore. He refers to the com- i
modo-re's exploit in capturing "sixteen
■ail of privateers, securing plate valued
at £250,000." Commodore Warren in
vested his fortune in New York real es
tate. He purchased three hundred acres \
of land along Broadway, which was aft- j
erward cut up into lots of twelve and !
flften acres each. The old Warren i
homestead is described at length.
Around it were grouped the homes of i
such notable New Yorkers as James j
Janney, William Bayard and Oliver De j
Lancey.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 6, 1898.
When the Americans regained posses
sion of the city, in 1783, the political
control of the State was divided among
the Livingstons, the Clintons and the
Schuylers. The author speaks of Rob
ert Livingston, who gave liberally to
colleges and sold some of his property
to aid his country. He devotes several
pages to the Clinton family. There was
Charles Clinton, who came from Ire
land to Philadelphia In 1792 in charge of
a company of emigrants. His son,
General George Clinton, was five times
Governor of the State and fourth Vice-
I'ivsident of the United States. There
was Brigadier General James Clinton
of Revolutionary fame and the father
of De Witt Clinton, who became Gov
ernor, Mayor and State Senator, and
was the chief promoter of the Erie
canal.
M r. Bancroft speaks of the Van Ttens
selaers as contributing much to the
material prosperity of New York. Kil
laen Van Rensselaer, the founder of the
family, acquired 700,000 acres of land
along the Hudson. This property was
farmed out by him and his successors
under a kind of feudal tenure. Stephen
Van Ren^selaer, fifth in descent from
tht> founder, was one of the promoters
of the Erie canal. He also founded the
Van Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute at
Troy.
Gouverneur Morris, founder of anoth
er notable family, was chairman of tho
Krie Canal Commissioners from the
Qrst meeting until within a few months
of his death. He purchased the land
which became the patrimonial estate,
and is now called Morrisania.
Much will be said in this work con
cerning the Astor family. The author
notes the rise of John Jacob Astor in
the fur trade and traces the various en
terprises in which he was engaged. He
MANUFACTURING EGGS.
OYSTERS AND MILK.
Food Commissioners ]4a^e TaUer\ Up the JMatter ar\d a Big
Battle Is on Har\d Against Such /id alterations.
FANCY eating manufactured oys
ters. Think of cracking an in
nocent-looking boiled egg that
had been turned out like a sau
sage from some factory labora
tory around the corner. Fancy drink
ing "manufactured milk" with no milk
about it.
Those are only a few of the substi
tutes for food that are being discovered
by the men who are battling for pure
food. The fight has been going on for
some time now, but so warm has it be
come that scientists and authorities of
several Governments are holding meet
ings to formulate more systematic
plans of campaign against the food
adulterants.
States of the Union are appointing
special food commissions and the
United States Government has set a
number of analytical chemists to the
task of throwing all the light possible
on food adulterations and food substi
tutes. Some remarkable discoveries
have been made by them; discoveries
that will simply astound the plain,
every-day man who eats a plain, every
day meal.
Manufactured milk is an extraordin
ary composition, and an ingenious Bos
nian was in the way of making a tidy
fortune out of his recipe, when the au
thorities cut short his trade and landed
him in jail. The milk he made was not
adulterated milk, the stuff that some
purveyors furnish by simply adding
water or chalk or starch and water to
milk.
After some months of experimental
work, this Boston genius succeeded in
evolving from a minute percentage of
milk and a solution of salts a beverage
that in all outer respects resembled
milk. His concoction could be placed
on the market at about one-tenth the
cost of milk obtained from cows.
In working out the theory, the inge
nious Yankee kept in mind two impar
tant facts; first, that his non-bovine
refers to the Astor library which was
founded by the head of the house of j
Astor. He speaks in other pages of the
material advancement and progress
made by the Astors and of how their
wealth has benefited the city of New
York.
Gerrit Smith, a partner of John Jacob
Astor, was a man of great wealth and
purchased land in nearly every county
in New York. He was exceedingly lib
eral. In the year 184S he gave to pub
lic and private charities 200,000 acres
in lots of fifty acres each. He gave
John Brown special ami substantial aid
in his project for freeing the negroes.
Mr. Bancroft recently spoke In a gen
eral way of what he will say concern
ing New Yorkers who are mentioned
in his book. He said:
"Cornelius Vanderbilt's career and
the wealth of his descendants are re
viewed at length. Cornelius Vander
bilt, the head of the house, is a man
of refined and intellectual tastes, as is
I George W. Vanderbilt, who is emphat-
I ically scholarly in his tastes. Plato
and Kant, Horace and Dante are his
favorite authors. There are few places
in the world which surpass in grandeur
and value George W. Vanderbilfs 30,
000 acres ami magnificent residence in
the Blue Kidge forests of . orth Caro
lina. The house is in a 100-acre park,
withe seventy-five acres of garden and
conservatories.
"August Belmont, the founder of the
notable Belmont family, came to New
York as agent for the Rothschilds. He
was a native of Germany, and married
a daughter of Commodore Perry. He
was a patron of the fine arts and of
the turf, a diplomat and a banker.
"The Garrisons are of the best stock
of Manhattan Island, being connected
with the Coverts, the Kingslands and
Schuylers.
milk must taste the same as the real
article, which meant that a solution of
salts must be found that would give a
sweet saline taste; second, that his sub
stitute must look exactly like cow's
milk.
In both of these points he succeeded
beyond detection. Unfortunately for
himself he entirely overlooked the rel
ative nutritive value of his concoction
and bona-fide milk. A chemical analy
sis placed the amount of nutritious
matter in the manufactured milk at
"nil" and declared in addition that it
was extremely injurious.
This proved too much for the Bos
ton Board of Health and it cut short
the milk manufacturer's career by con
fiscating his plant and sending him to
jail.
Next popped up a clever Chicago
man who endeavored to knock the
feather out of the hen's cap. He placed
on the market fresh eggs, laid in a
laboratory, unaided or abetted by chick
ens. Not only were the yelks and
whites perfect in all respects, but even
the shell defied detection.
For a time things looked very black
for the henneries and the artificial eggs
were sold in immense quantities in the
streets of Chicago. But it was very
soon discovered by the amazed house
wives that while these delightfully
cheap eggs- could be readily boiled it
wns utterly impossible to poach thorn.
The moment the inside came in con
tact with the boiling water a ehemcal
change took place that made them un
palatable. That part of Chicago t-iat
loves poached eggs immediately ros* in
protest, and the Board of Health took '
a hand in the egg factory and the fate
of the inventor.
The eggs not having been sold on the
system "Your money back if you don't
like them." the inventor raked in his
big profits of the first week's sales and
then locked himself up Jn his labo-a
tory and set aoout the task of manu
facturing an egg that would poach as
well as boil. As the Board of Health
has not yet accepted any of his results
it is safe to say he has not yet manu
factured an egg that will satisfy che
dubious authorities.
"With Daniel Drew, Leonard W.
Jerome, Daniel Groesbeck, Jacob Lit
tle, Jay Cooke and Fisk and Hatch,
life was a continual e 'amc. With them
it was a dull day when what would be
a fortune to many men was not won
or lost.
"Drew was liberal to religious insti
tutions, and founded Drew Theological
College with a donation of $500,000;
Groesback was worth $10,000,000. Jay
Cooke made his millions as agent for
the Government 7-30 and 5-20 bonds.
"Other members in 'The Book of
Wealth' are Jay Gould whose fortune
was placed at $100,000,000; Russell Sage,
James R. Keene. who has $3,000,000;
Joseph J. O'Donohue, who has $5,000,
000; John H. Stayer, $20,000,000; John
H. Inman at $5,000.000.
■Matthew Vassar laid the founda
tion of his fortune as a brewer. He
gave Vassar College during his life
$650,000. and his heirs gave much more.
Peter Cooper is known to fame as a
philanthropist. James B. Colgate has
given $2,000,000 to Colgate University;
Ezra Cornell, $350,000 to Cornell Uni
versity; Jonas G. Clark gave a million
for Clark University; Rockefeller has
given millions to cmcago University.
Besides $1,000,000 from Seth Low, Co
lumbia College has had notable gifts
from J. Plerpont Morgan, N. C. Scher
merhorn, Cornelius Vanderbilt and
Willis James. Charles Contoit left $15,
000.000 to charity mostly to Episcopal
institutions in New York City. Charles
E. Green has given $1,500,000 to Prince
ton College.
"Erastus Corning, Henry Foreman.
Silas Seymour, Sidney Dillon and
Chauncey Depew are mentioned among
the railway men.
"Conspicuous among the wealth and
fashion peculiarly of to-day are: Fred
erick Gebhard, John Bigelow, Stuyve-
The crowning feat, however, In the
matter of artificial foods must t' cred
ited to France, where an imitation oys
ter was manufactured. So successful
was the made oyster that it deceived
epicures who believed themselves con
noisseurs on bivalves.
The inventor collected real shells and
then by some process, the details of
which have never become known, con
cocted a saline blanc mange. It would
withstand heat, and in color, form and
taste could not be told apart from a
real oyster. The made oysters would
keep much longer than the real oys
ters, and this very fact roused the
suspicion of the authorities. The oys
ters were "investigated."
Foods are digested in proportion to
their readiness to decompose. It was
found that while the imitation oyster
did not decompose it also did not di
g<-st.. France, which has a most strin
gent national pure-{ood -~w, effectu
ally stopped the sale.
A very unique food substitute has
just been unearthed in Paris. The mu
nicipal authorities there are compelled
to keep their eyes wide open in spite
of national surveillance, for the
French are the most clever people in
thp world in making food palatable. It
was discovered that one of the largest
bakeries in Paris was substituting
vaseline for butter in the manufacture
of pastry. Vaseline is cheaper than
any of the organic fats and the cakes
and pies lost nothing in taste or fla
vor by the substitution. But while
the palate lost nothing by the ex
change the stomach suffered untold
agonies, for vaseline is absolutely in
digestible.
The owner of the bakery was arrest
ed and punished to the full extent of
the law. The latest aspirant for honors
in the "good as genuine" line is a Mr.
Day of Cincinnati, who claims to have
successfully made nutritious milk,
employing electricity as one of the
agencies. Chemists and scientists in
terested In this branch of foods still
declare, however, that "Bossy" is still
queen of the milk givers and that the
factory is not built yet that can de
prive her of that honor. <
sant Fish, William B. Dinsmore, El
bridge T. Gerry, J. Hooker Hamersley, i
Austin Corbin, James B. Ireland, J. '
Pierpont Morgan, W. B. Clyde, B. W. ;
Silliman, H. B. Hyde, John D. Rocke- ■
feller, Pierre Lorillard, Robert Bonner,
William Pvhinelandcr, Marshall O. Rob- j
erts. Duane Pell. James Abercrombie
Burden, N. C. Sehermerhorn, George
Ehret, James McCreery, Andrew Car
negie, H. Victor Newcomb, Adrian Ise
lin, Percy R. Payne. Bradley Martin,
Eugene Kelly, J. S. Kennedy, William
Seward Webb, James M. Constable,
Hicks Arnold, Anson Phelps Stokes.
Levi P. Morton, S. D. Babcock, George
WE SHOULD j\Jk]lZ J\ J^ATIOJ^AIi
SYSJEJ4 OF..FOOD-I|lSpEGTlbj«.
THE recent attack of the German Government on our
fruit products has, I trust, at last aroused the
American people to the absolute need of a national
pure food law. Try as it may, the United States
Government cannot entirely deny all the charges
made by the German Government. The Federal Govern
ment is a parent that allows each child or State to
govern itself in the matter of pure food regulations.
That this is not the best course to adopt we can see In
a moment by comparing the system in Italy. Germany
and France, in all of which countries a national standard
exists, and the complex difficulties constantly arising from
our system.
This is an era of food agitation, and our municipal
Board of Health has taken strong action in regard to food
and its adulterants.
What is the result? We have a brand of condensed
milk, for instance, that is good enough for San Francisco,
but is barred out in Sacramento. In other words, each
local board fixes its own standard and the result is grave
financial loss to many purveyors of food products. They
can buy salicylic acid in catchup for market, boracic
for another, with a sprinkling of aniline red for a third.
A standard brand of goods for one city is put on the black
list of another. Each city exports pure foods only accord
ing to the standards of its own local Board of Health to
find that the brands are not accepted in the city to -which
the goods have been shipped.
A people are great in proportion to their exports, and
there are certain food preservatives and colorings that are
harmless and legitimate, and cast iron legislation against
these would be unjust and injurious.
But Just what colorings and what preservatives and
wiiat percentage and proportion of each? This is the
problem that each municipal Health Board solves for
itself. Under present pure food laws it is simply a case of
go-as-you-please, and each city suits itself in framing
laws and naming the pure foods its merchants shall deal
in. The result is that the manufacturer is crippled. Most
people do not realize the comprehensive character and
sweep of the work done by the United States Department
of Agriculture. Each year the chemical division of the
department issues bulletins pointing out adulterants and
detailing their methods of detection. In return the ana
lytical chemists are asked to state whether they have be
come cognizant of any new adulterants or methods of de
tection.
The list of adulterants In the official report is a long
one, and some cases of absolute imitation are noticed,
notably the artificial manufacture of oysters, eggs and
milk. But after having pointed out the adulterants and
methods of detection the department can do no more, and
the analytical chemists of the United* States, realizing
their broad duty to the producers, purchasers, sellers and
consumers alike, are earnestly working for a Congres
sional act which will insure purity and definite standards
for the whole country.
The hav(jc wrought by the individual standards has
brought forth an army of supporters for State standards
of pure foods. But we should go a step farther and have
a general standard passed by act of Congress.
Dealers in food deserve as much protection from un
scrupulous manufacturers as the consumers, and the only
way to have fair play on all sides is to have a national
standard.
We shall have to thank Germany if her action brings
home to the people the need for a national standard, for
the analytical chemists and the Agricultural Department
have failed to make the people realize in full the import
ance of such a measure.
We should send our next Congressmen pledged to
pass a law establishing a national standard, and then the
splendid work of the chemical division of the Department
of Agriculture can be brought into practical use.
FRANK T. GREEN.
Professor of Analytical Chemistry and Director of Chemical Labora
tory In the California College of Pharmacy, Associate Professor
of Medical Chemistry In the Medical Department of the Univer
sity of California.
F. Baker, A. S. Hewitt, H. S. Day. Ct
M. Stuart, E. L. Winthrop, H. H. Rog
ers, J. D. Archibald, W. R. Grace, John
Claflin, E. S. Clarke, J. L. Mott, George
T. Adee, William Watson, H. B. Bloom
ingdale, J. W. Dimmick, Jacob Rup
pert, W. D. James, J. W. Chaucer, John
R. Ford, J. V. Brokaw, A. B. Cox, A. J.
Adams, W. E. Wardell, H. I. Lawrence,
Charles H. Hoffman, William Steinway
and C. P. Huntington."
Among the plates illustrating New
York which will appear in the port
folios of "The Book of Wealth" are:
"Old New York," painted by Henry
Sandham; "Hudson's Last Voyage,"
"Brooklyn Bridge." by Sonntag; "Wall
Street," an original painter etching, by
Mielatz; "New York Clearing House,"
"Westinghouse Electrical Works,"
"East River Docks," "Interior Press
Room, New York Herald Building,"
"Sound Steamboat by Night" and
"Astor Library." These are to be all
large plates, in color, photogravures or
etchings.
"When Admiral Jouett was Acting
Secretary erf the Navy, the command
ant of the academy at Annapolis asked
that a cadet be court-martialed for
whipping five toughs and two PoHce
men, although it was done in self-de
fense "Court-martial that fellow?
roared Jouett; "that boy ought to have
a medal. Do you suppose the Govern
ment hired you to raise boys to play
checkers?"— Exchange.
By Frank T . Greeg.
2324
SOCIETY
THE first week of Lent found so
ciety delightfully penitential and
in charitable mood. No social
functions attracted the atten
tion from the many charita
ble plans and purposes mapped out for
the season and with the exception of a
fashionable wedding and several quiet
luncheons there were no gayeties to
C Th?s C even tenor Is certain to continue
until mid-Lent, when it is probable there
will be several Interesting social events
before the season of '97-98 is closed for
good and all.
Jhevj're Engaged.
Mr. and Mrs. James Marvin Curtis an
nounce that the marriage of their daugh
ter, Miss Helen Carleton Curtis, and
Thomas Mageo will take place in Santa
Barbara at noon on Tuesday, March 8.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Rosalie Baum to D. Landa.
Tho engagement of Henry Mltau to
Miss Alice Taussig is announced. They
will be at home this Sunday afternoon.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Nellie WaJd stein to Max Gross of: this
oiiy. At home Sunday, March 6, at W3
■i Gate avenue.
re long. It is announced, Mrs.
Mamie Blethen Sherwood and Henry R.
Mi farlane will be united in marriage.
Both are well known in social circles in
this city. For some time past Mrs. Sher
wood has beta visiting the family of Mr.
Macfarlane in Hawaii, and is expected to
arrive in this city on tho 12th of this
month Mr. Macfarlane is a clerk in the
law "fflce of Garber & Garber of this city.
H<» is tZ years of age and a son of Henry
irlane, a brother of Colonel Georgo
trlane of Honolulu. Mrs. Sht-rv i
;''irmerly Miss Mamie Blethen, the
handsome daughter of Captain Blethen,
veil-known pilot She was a belle of
ty, and is still a very strikingly
handsome woman in appearance.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Grandjean an
nounce tho engagement of their daughter
Eleanor to Virgilio Cheda of San Rafael.
Wedding Bells.
Thomas Hilleek and Rosamond M. Mc-
Geoch were quietly married in tho par
lors of tho First Congregational Church
February 23, by tho Rev. George Adams.
The immediate relatives witnessed the
ceremony, after which the newly married
couple started on a trip for Southern Cal
ifornia.
On the evening nf the 22d, at the home
of her parents, Lucia, the eldest daugh
ter of Mr. and Mrs. J. 11. Crossett, was
united in marriage to Dr. Alexander I.
McLean. The home was thronged with
happy relatives and friends. The cere
mony was performed in the spacious par
lors, which were artistically decorated
with flowers for the occasion. The of
ficiating clergyman was the Rev. Dr.
FV>nd of the Bethany Congregational j
Church, who, Interesting to relat*. united \
in marital Winds some thirty odd years
agu the parents of the bride, 'me bride
was attind in a white silk dress covered
with moussellne de sole, and carried in
her hand a bunch of beautiful white
roses. She was attended by Miss AJmee
Orear as maid of honor, and by Miss
M. Beltin and Miss Edith Crossett as
bridesmaids. The groom was attended
by Alexander McCullock. Immediately
following the ceremony the newly mar
ried couple held a reception and re
ceived the congratulations of the friends,
after whi<.h the entire company sat down
to a sumptuous repast.
Home Qatherir\gs.
Mr?. W. J. Koslnp of 710 Capp street, en
tertained several of her lady friends at a
coffee party on her last Thursday at
home. Covers were laid for twelve, and
the table decorations were in jonquils and
violets. Those present were Mrs. Sala,
Mrs. Vermeil, Mrs. J. Clcen, Mrs. J.
Bagge, Mrs. G. Resing, Mrs. M. McCurrle,
Mrs. G. Zehend<r, "Mrs. J. Reeing, Mrs.
TUton, Mrs. Humphrey. Miss IS. Vermeil,
Mrs. Charles J. Wohlander.
Mrs. W. B. Webster of Lyon street en
tertained the '97 Whist Club at lunch <>n
Friday. Covers were laid for twelve and
the table decorations were quite elabor
ate. Tn addition to the favors, guessing
prizes were contended for. Those present
were Mrs. w. B. Webster, Mr.-, s. Ander
son, Mrs. Dr. McFadyen, Mrs. C. Sehaef
or. Mrs. William Schooler. Mrs. I>. 3.
Dorn, Mrs. Jnhn Hendy, Mrs. 11. Trevof.
Mrs. A. Forsythe, Mrs. J. E. Field, Mrs.
William O'Brien, Mrs. H. Wicker.
A party was tendered to Miss Th. Gio
vanini by her many friends last Monday
evening "at her residence, 72:> Thirteenth
'. in honor of ber birthday. Those
present were: Miss M. Schnabel, Miss L.
wera r. Miss P. Wrede, Miss L. lluber.
Miss J. Murphy, Miss J. Fleming, J. Wer
ner, William Huber. F. Wrede, A. Oster
toh, J. Ostertoh, William Moroney and
William IJ.1 J . Giovaninl. Miss Glovanlnl
was the happy recipient of many costly
«tnd elaborate presents.
A violet dinner was given at the resi
dence of S. Levy In Livermore last Sun
day evening in "honor of the engagement
of hi& daughter Bertha to L. Dobrzensky
of Newman. Only the relatives of the
family participated in the elegant repast
which was served at C o'clock. The tables
•were beautifully decorated in violets and
Fmllnx, while the favors also consisted of
boutonnieres of the same flower.
Chaplain J. H. Macombor, United States
army, was given a surprise party at the
garrison, Angel Island, on Thursday
evening 1 , February 17, in honor of his
sixty-second birthday.
Early in the evening the chaplain was
the guest of honor at a dinner given by
Lieutenants Foster and lister and on re
turning to his quarters found the guests
■who had assembled to surprise him.
Every officer and lady of the garrison
was present, and a delightful evening
■was spent, with music and recitations.
Mrs. H. W. Meek, wife of the presi
dent of the Oakland, Kan Leandro and
Hayward Electric Car Line, with the as
sistance of Mrs. E. B. Stone, wife of the
Becretary of the same road, gave a euchre
party in honor of visiting friends at her
beautiful home, the Orchards, near San
Lorenzo, Tuesday evening. Mrs. Meek
proved herself a capital entertainer. The
guests were:
Mrs. William Roberts, Mrs. G. Roberts,
Mrs. Llewellyn, Mrs. Warthman, Mrs. Bo
den, Mrs. Meek. Mrs. Button, Mrs. Doron,
Mrs. Clark. Mrs. Huff, Mrs. Fennell, Mrs.
Downing, Mrs. Lowry, Mrs. Stone, Mrs.
Banders, Mrs. Palmer, Mrs. Norris, Mrs.
Campbell, Mrs. Stolp, Mrs. Stolp Jr., Mrs.
Merritt, Mrs. Lovell, Mrs. Cllft, Mrs.
Hearles. Mrs. Creelin, Mrs. Acker, Mrs.
Allen, Mrs. Hathaway, Mrs. Dunwooery,
Mrs. King, Mrs. Knight, Mrs. Brigham,
Mrs. Rlosley. Mrs. Tompkins, Mrs. Hinch
ly, Mrs. Barton, Mrs. Easton. Mrs.
Houghton, Mrs. Tolger, Mrs. Kales, Mrs.
Evarts, Mrs. Brown, Mrs. Sather, Mrs.
Jfarker. Mrs. ('habot, Mrs. Gerberding,
Mrs. Weods, Mrs. Danforth, Mrs. Watt,
Mrs. Wheaton, Mrs. Adams. Mrs. Whitney,
Mrs. Phillips. Misses Carrl*, Nellie arid
Jlattie Roberts, Miss Kimball, Misses Cal
lie and Mamie Huff, Miss Stone, Miss
Olift. Miss Brown, Miss Woods, Misses
Lizzie and Janet Watt and Miss Breck.
A delightful affair was the reception
tendered recently by Miss Daisy Mulaney
and Miss Margaret Tyson at the resi
dence of Mr. and Mrs. John Mulan
<-y to Mr. and Mrs. R. B. McKee, the
occasion being the lirst anniversary of
their wedding. After some very enjoyable
music dancing was Indulged in, after
■which a dainty supper was served.
Among the guests were: Mr. and Mrs
John Mulaney, Mrs. McKee, Miss Eva
McKee, Mr. .and Mrs. J.- E. Ross, Mr
and Mrs. P. Buckley, Mr. and Mrs. A. E.
Rhead, Miss Rose Magulre, Mr. J. J.
Shea, Miss Margaret Tyson, Miss Myrtle
Ross, Miss Grate Ross. A. N. Jones. W.
J. Mulaney. Miss Daisy Mulaney. George
Alpo. Miss Sadie Buckley, Mr. "and Mrs
R. B. McKee..
Mr. and Mrs. Z. T. Whitten celebrated
their twenty-fifth anniversary, silver
wedding, at their residence, 587 Bryant
street, on the evening of February 20.
The reception-rooms were artistically
decorated with evergreens, exotics and
La France roses, a donation, with best
■wishes of E. Bourguignon of San Jose. In
the dining-room there were also many
floral decorations, in the midst of which
was displayed the flag of our country.
There were exhibited many elegant gifts.
After congratulations and the expressing
of the hope that tho happy pair might
live to celebrate their golden anniversary,
and the partaking of supper, th«re was a
game of whist and dancing. There were
present as guests of the celebrants: Mr.
and Mrs. W. S. Whitten. Mr. and Mrs. F.
A. Miller, Mr. and Mrs. J. Miller. Mr.
and Mrs. A. G. Blangy. Mr. and Mrs. C.
E. Brown, Mr. and Mrs. M. McOullough,
T. and Mrs. F. Wolford, Mr. and Mrs. A.
Andres, Mr. and Mrs. Henwood, Mr. and
Mrs. J. H. Aiken; Mesdames S. J. Pine,
G. Coffin. H. J. Newhoff. J. Berlin. E.
Taylor; Misses Dagmar Wallas. Alice and
Laura Provence. Mabel Whitten, Cora
Brown and the Misses Taylor; Messrs. C.
Whitten. G. Smith, J. Easdale, C. Mel
litz, G. H. Newman, L. Smith, R. Knob
lan: Masters Arthur and Zach Whitten.
Congratulatory letters were received from
friends in this city, Alameda. W r est Side,
San Jose, Livermore, Cincinnati, West
Troy, N. V., and Lebanon, Ind.
Sailed AWavj.
Among those Bailing on the steamship
Mariposa Friday, February 25, were: For
Honolulu— C. W. Babcock. E. J. G. Bryant
and wife, Mrs. M. A. Bullard, S. B. Can
nell, Mrs. Bruce Cartwright, Sanford B.
Dole. President of the Republic of Ha
waii; Mrs. Dole, James T. Duncan, S.
Freeman, Mrs. T. S. Freeman. C. F. Hall,
E. C. Holmes, Mrs. C. E. Holmes, Miss N.
Holmes, Major C. P. laukea, W. G. Irwin
and wife. Miss Irwin and maid, Mrs.
Ivers. Mrs. Ida Johnson and two children,
Charles Johnson, A. E. Kaeser, Mrs. C.
C. Kennedy and child. Miss Kennedy,
Mrs. J. B. Kennedy, three children an.l
maid; Dr. P. S. Kellogg, Dr. G. Klein
guenther and wife, Mrs. J. C. Klrkpatrlck,
Miss Newlands, F. A. Perry. O. S. Rich
ardson, Miss F. Rice, A. L. Saekett, Mrs.
J. B. Schroeder and child, Miss M. A.
Sehroeder, J. B. Shepardson, W. S.
Shepardson, Mrs. E. B. Sherman, H. D.
Smith, Mrs. K. H. Taber, \V. P. Whitley
and Mrs. W. H. Willets.
For Apia— Guy Clive.
For Sydney— Thomas Geddes. Mrs. E.
A. Lundy, Miss Lundy. F. S. Mason and
wife; J. D. Russell. Miss Grace Reihm,
A. P. Richardson, Miss Samuel, Miss K.
Samuel, P. Steinfeld and Miss Madeline
Toohy.
Del Monte.
DEL MONTE, Cal., March 4.— Del
Monte is quite full just now, many not
able people being upon the week's list of
arrivals.
Mayor James D. Phelan of San Fran
cisco is spending a few days here, and
is a leading spirit in the gayeties of the
guests. He appears especially interested
in golf and driving.
Mrs. Rudolph Spreckels came down
Sunday and will remain some time.
Graham Babcock of Coronado Beach is
here, accompanied by his wife and Miss
Edwards. The party will remain during
the coming week.
A number of prominent Easterners are
hore for several weeks, and many delight
ful driving parties have been taken by
them to places of interest in and about
Monterey.
Much interest is being manifested in
tennis now especially among the English
people who are here. Tennis and golf
seem to be dividing honors In the esti
mation of Del Monte's visitors.
Among the weeks arrivals are: Mr. and
Mrs. George O. Wales. Boston; A. H.
Beinsheimer and wife, Miss Selnshelmer,
Cincinnati; G. F. Simonds, Mr. and Mrs.
H N. Turner. Mr. and Mrs. James T. Al
my, Boston; Mr. and Mrs. A. Ft. Gillett,
Mr. and Mrs. Wm. W. Hyde. C W. Rich
ardson.MißsE. L. Richardson, E. H. Sper
ry, Miss C. D. Sperry, Mr. and Mrs. T>. A.
Blakeslee, Mr. and Mrs. C. W. Blakeslee,
-Miss A. Platt, Mrs. C. A. Walker, Miss
K. Hollls, Miss S. T. Hollls, Mr. and Mrs.
Mrs. N. Sagendorph, A. H. Sagendorph,
Mrs. Charles E. Williams, Mrs. G. C.
ZUNI DANCES.
Continued from Page Soventeen.
facing about and departing in the
direction whence they had come.
Down another dark passageway, un
derneath a house, the muffled rhythm
of beating tom-toms was heard, and
soon there appeared three fantastic fig
ures, robed in elaborately decorated
white blankets, and wearing head
dresses and masks the like of which I
had never seen. They were dancers in
every sense of the word, and their
graceful pirouettes were most pleasing
to look upon. Two of them were girls
and the third was a young man. Their
performance was to propitiate the
devils who were besetting the Zunis,
and before they had completed the
circuit of the small plaza they were
worked up to a fever heat of excite
ment.
Following- them came sixty men in re
splendent dresses of savage finery, all
chanting the rhythm of the air an
nounced by the priest. Two of them
parried tom-toms and the time they
kept was absolutely perfect. Hundreds
of blanketed Indians thronged the
housetops and looked on. Each one
kept time to the music with hand or
foot and apparently understood the
meaning of the greater part of what he
saw.
The medicine man again appeared
with his sacred meal and marked two
crosses upon the ground in the middle
of the plaza. The chanting broke forth
uproariously and the dancing became
faster md faster.
Just at dusk the acting high priest
entered the arena, turned first toward
the east, then toward the west, then
toward Ta' Yll'ani, chanted a brief
prayer, and the dancers hurriedly de
parted through a passageway leading
In the direction of the largest estufa in
the village. I attempted to follow them,
but could not for the simple reason that
by the time I had clambered down
from the roof every one of them had
disappeared.
I was informed, however, that during
the night the dance would be resumed
in the estufa, but that no spectators
were allowed, at any rate, no Zunis,
and that white people would not be
welcomed.
We waited until almost midnight,
frequently passing the estufa and look
ing in, but saw only the priests and
their acolytes sitting silently in rows,
chanting and smoking. At midnight,
however, the signal for the resumption
of the dance was given. The silent pe
riod between dusk and this hour was
evidently required for thought, prayer
and consideration, in order that the
further course of the dance might be
correctly determined.
The estufa contained two rooms, or,
more properly, one large room and an
anteroom, where the dance parapher
nalia was kept. The main room was
perhaps fifty by twenty feet. Two
rows of twenty-one men each were
formed down the center of this room.
They were naked, except a breech
clout, and their bodies were fancifully
painted. The acting high priest took
his stand at the head of the file, and
each man took up a stick about two
feet long, the upper end of which was
ornamented with three waving turkey
plumes. The lower end, to a length of
fifteen inches, was whittled into the
shape of a huge paper knife, rounded
at the point. These wooden blades
were very smfloth, were about two
inches wide and slightly curved.
While our entrance to the estufa
was not resisted, yet I am convinced
that the blue uniforms and bright
shoulderstraps of the cavalry officers
who accompanied me were the open
sesame.
We were cautioned not to touch any
of the dancers or any of their para
phernalia, as such action would result
li. dire misfortune.
The priest and two of the medicine
men carried pine trees about eight feet
high, the lewer ends of which -were
shaped into blades, like the sticks in
the hands of the men. The dance
lasted more than an hour. The muscu-
lar movements of the dancers' bodies,
the weird native music, the thumping
of the tom-toms and shrill notes of the
chant as announced by the priests, the
writhing, sinuous contortions through
which they worked themselves, the
fanatical fervor which permeated
everything— all these were noteworthy
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 6, 1898.
Pierce, Mr. and Mrs. A. W. Fenner, Mr.
! and Mrs. T. C. Hunter, Miss A. R. Shall
■ cross, Mr. and Mrs. John L. Borden, Mrs.
j K. W. Smith, Mrs. R. P. Atwood. Miss
i M. C. Hogan, Mips A. Pitcarn, Mr. and
Mrs. T. R. Morgan, Mr. and Mrs. William
iJ. Howacks, Miss Alice Howacks, Mrs.
C. Rott, Miss Mary Diebold. Mrs.
IS. W. Cunningham, Mrs. T. Frentz,
1 Mrs. Josephine Hramnn, Mr. and Mrs. F.
! Kerr, Mr. and Mrs. E. L. Crane, Jacob
! Rohrer, H. Kerr, H. B. Fairbanks, H.
P. Smith, Hartford, Conn.: E. F. Ryder,
I Captain and Mrs. John Mitchell. Cleve
land, Ohio; Miss M. Morehead, Miss Can
non, New York; Mrs. D. F. Morse, Miss
I M. S. Morse, Miss N. L. Morse, Mr. and
I Mrs. E. H. Hudson, Syracuse. N. V.: Mr.
! and Mrs. F. A. Freeman, Richard Free
man, Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Hale. H. J. Al
temus, Philadelphia; O. S. Talcott, Tal
cottville, Conn.; E. A. Mathewson, Miss
J Sophie Mathewson, Miss Marie Mathew-
I son, Miss Marie Clarf, Chicago; A. Steu
mann and wife, St. Paul; John T. Weth
erbee and wife, Boston; Mrs. E. W.
Marsh, Mrs. M. A. King, Atlanta, Ga.;
Ernest F. Watts, Manchester, England;
J. Frailey Kimble, New York; J. B. Lamp,
S. H. Kirchberger and wife, Chicago; S.
I C. Lawton, Mrs. Lawton, Cleveland; J.
: L. Arguimban and wife, New York; Mrs.
I Rudolph Spreckols and child, San Fran
! Cisco; Mrs. R. Brooke, London; Mrs. C.
I G. Wilson. New York; Miss R. Beik
! beck, Flushing, N. V.; Charles A. Pol
lard and wife, Minneapolis; Mrs. C. E.
Secor, St. Paul; A. E. Rockey and wife,
Portland, Or.; George W. Mansfield and
v.if<-, Milwaukee; Charles Richter and
wife, Chicago; Edward L. AVood, Saus
alito; T. W. Birch. London: Miss Clara
Hatz, Mr. and Mrs. C. H. Walker, Chi
cago; Mr. and Mrs. A. Naunberg, New
York; Miss Goldsmith, Cleveland, Ohio;
| M. Michaels and wife, Rochester, N. V.;
i \V. H. Maughan and wife, Black Hawk,
, <"ol.; Miss J. S. Sands, H. Hayden
i Sands, Now York; G. G. Manheim,
Fresno; William N. Ladd and wife, Mas
ter Ladd, Portland, Or.; Miss Gardiner,
Oakland; Goorge W. Metcalf and wife,
Wyoming; Charles Atchison, Reading,
Pa.; Mrs. A. E. Meldrum, Miss F.
J. Meldrum, Buffalo, N. V..; A. W.
Dinfrwald, Thomas Shea, Mr. and Mrs.
W. H. Gelsheimer, Miss Corinne Gels
i hftimer, Miss Madeleine Gelsheimer, Miss
| Minnie E. Dunne. W. H. Gelsheimer Jr.,
Walter Gelsheimer, New York; Robert H.
Stewart, Boston; Mrs. William H. Lee,
Miss Louise Lee, Hartford, Conn.; Mrs.
Charles N. Lee, Mrs. A. Lee Smidt, Miss
Grace Lee Smidt, New York; A. Conrath
and wife, Wis. ; J. J. Richardson, Iowa;
I). W. Burrell and wife, Thomas Lyle
and wife. Miss Neweomb, New York;
George Boardman, Mrs. Boardman, San
j Francisco; Mrs. W. D. Barday and daugh
ter, Lethbridge, Canada; H. W. Bak
|er and wife, Kansas City, Mo.;
Theodore Coe and daughter. New Jersey;
T. W. Hatt, Mr. and Mrs. E. R. Durkee,
A. E. Wilson, New York; M. H. McGoman
and wife. North Dakota; Mrs. E. J.
Richards, Chicago; Mrs. Ernest Tripp,
I Indianapolis; W. P. Chalmers and wife,
i San Francisco; Miss Nora de Simonds,
Massachusetts; Charles Stlnchfield and
wife, Mrs. M. Stinchlield, Dr. F. Hnson,
i Detroit, J. W. Cooper and family, Mrs.
G. W. Chapman. Indiana; R. C. Boyd,
San Francisco; S. K. Nester and wffe.
New York; G. F. McCandless and wife,
New York: Graham E. Babcock, Mrs. G.
E. Babcock, Miss Edwards, Coronado
i Beach; James D. Phelan, San Francisco;
Miss A. P. Anderson, Brooklyn, N. V. ;
Mrs. A. D. Sheridan, Master Ned Sheri
; dan. Chicago; A. J. Huneke and wife,
i Montana; J. Creighton, San Francisco.
Los Angeles.
Mrs. Secundo Guasti entertained charm
| ingly at hearts Wednesday afternoon at
| her home on East Third street in honor
I of Mrs. L. Scatena of San Francisco. The
Misses Louise Naud, Aurelia Amillo, May
> Krllle assisted, and Miss Florence Sca
1 tena had charge of the punch-bowl. Mas
j ter Secundo Guasti Jr. and little Pearl
! Scatena presided at the entrance. The
| first prize, a Corinthian cameo vase, was
and can be seen nowhere else. But the
conclusion of the dance was the most
sensational and startling feature of it
all.
At a shrill cry from the priest, every
plumed stick was raised on high and
instantly thrust entirely down the !
throats of the dancers, only to be as
quickly withdrawn amidst hissing,
gurgling sounds and writhing contor
tions, as the chant and time of the
dance Increased in vigor. Again and
again were the wooden blades buried
in the throats of the dancers, up to j
their very hilts. Some of the men were i
bleeding freely, but all were dancing
furiously.
Then the priest took up the trees,
and, poising them for an instant,
plunged their sharpened ends into their
gullets, meanwhile uttering the most
horrible guttural cries.
It was a sight almost beyond belief, ]
here in the midst of modern civiliza
tion. It is a relic of an almost forgot
ten age of barbarism, so remote that i
its original significance will perhaps j
never be known.
And in another estufa occurred the ;
final tests for the fanatics who had :
danced so many days. Again the !
double line was formed; again the [
chant was resumed; again the woes of
the Zunis were rehearsed, and again
self-torture was administered, but this
time, worse than before. The medicine !
man and the priest entered, bearing ;
bowls of live coals. As they passed to j
and fro, along the lines, the dancers j
caught up the glowing embers in their ,
naked hands and thrust them into
their mouths. The hissing of the fire
and the smell of scorching flesh was
sickening — then the ceremony ended.
W. J. ROHSE.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
aaßaaßßßßßaaaagggggggg
I REMEMBER I
g That the 20 Per Cent Discount g
g Clearance v
1 SALE I
g uHLt »
a 01 b
I ART GOODS
«■ ■ a
a At H
I S. &G. GUMP'S, 1
«• 7 a
| 113 GEARY STREET, |
% Closes Positively on February %
8- 28,1898. S!
& - - : »
PBOOBB«faBBBBBBB»»ttBggg ;
KEITH'S!
KEITH'S! _ KEITH'S!
Opening Millinery ! Opening Millinery !
Thursday, Friday and Saturday Next.
KEITH'S SELECTION OF TRIMMED BONNETS AND
HATS SURPASSES ALL OTHERS.
ALL. INVITED.
MADAME ALMA E. KEITH,
808 MARKET ST. Phelan Building.
won by Mrs.-L. Scatena, and the con-
solation, a royal Vienna tea caddy, by
Mrs. Louise Naud. Music was furnished j
during the afternoon by. a piano and vio-.
c, A rt elbora ll elUn^« of the lames i
by Christopher at the close of the sanies. |
The beautiful rooms were very .artistl-
cally decorated. In all th? 1 5° 0™a, 3 'sjer
graceful portieres of A 1"A 1"'lax. and Potted
ferns, palms and plants were used even-
where Pink carnations and shades-fur-
njshed sott ' touches of color among the
feT^LS^an^^htd^^TnXs^oi
acacia and ropes of smilax decorated the
hall. The dining-room, in violet and
green, was especially handsome. An im-
mense basket of California violets and
maidenhair fern formed the center piece
of the long table, while at diagonally op-
posite corners were smaller baskets. '
TRYING TO MAKE AN
AMERICAN MONTE CARLO.
FIGHTING ISLAND IN DETROIT RIVER AND ITS ENVIRONS.
FIGHTING ISLAND, In the Detroit River, has been
bought by a syndicate of Chicagoans with a view to
transforming it into the "Monte Carlo of America."
The island is a part of Canada, and the promoters
hope to steer clear of Canadian laws and run the
place as a wide-open racing and gambling resort. It will
be, if the ideas of the men backing the venture reach real
ization, a combination of Monte Carlo and Coney Island on
a grand Bcale.
George Doble was the principal owner of the island. The
price paid was somewhere between $1,500,000 and $2,000,000.
The plans of the promoters include a racing track on the
Island, which will attract the best horseflesh in the coun
try and where races and pcolselling may go on seven days
a week, beyond the enactment of the Illinois Legislature
or any authority of T'ncle Sam. Sideshows in the line of
gambling attractions will be provided to meet the tastes
of the most daring speculators, and the new owners of the
place hope the island will be the most popular resort for
members of the gambling fraternity on the American con
tinent.
In sizing up the good points of the island from a sports
man's standpoint McDonald and his associates did not
overlook its latest possibilities for pulling off a flrst-class
pugilistic encounter. If their plans go not awry, a sports
's standpoint McDonald and his associates did not
look its latest possibilities for pulling off a first-class
listic encounter. If their plans go not awry, there will
be no need for Corbett and Fitzsimmons to go as far "West
as Carson City when they next meet in the ring. They
pay the climate and surroundings are ideal for a diversion
ADVERTISEMENTS. " ' ;^ -1 . ;'
I ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ I ■ ■ ■ ■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■ ■■■■■■■ ■ ■ ■ ■ « ■ ■■■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■
i POWERFUL INDUCEMENTS.-
■ TO INTRQDIJGE. +
f ■ I
[ COLORED
; DRESS GOODS!
i —
| 0nf»175 pieces DOUBLE-FOLD NOV-
i ZUCelty checked dress
■ GOODS, will be offered at 20c a
p yard.
f OE I4O pieces DOUBLE-FOLD TAR-
a ZOUTAN PLAIDS— full line of col-
" orings; will be offered at 25c a
, , yard. - •
I OC«115 pieces 37-INCH FANCY MIX-
I OOCed AND checked dress
I f GOODS, spring colorings; will be
1 offered at 35c a yard.
3 >|nn" 2 Pieces 39- inch FIGURED
*HJGCREPONS, new shadings; will
I ' ' be offered at 40c a yard.
I CrU^ nieces 38-INCH TWO-TONED
1 OUCTWILLED COVERT SUITINGS,
■ new spring shades; will be of-
*:A' fered at 50c a yard.
' 7E*SI nieces 44-INCH NOVELTY
. /OCfrench crepon suiting
■ new effects; will be offered at
75c a yard.
7C ft 6s pieces 45-INCH VENETIAN
I 70Cr\viLLED dress GOODS,
.handsome mixtures; will be of-
| fered at 75c a yard.
I 7E«52 pieces 45-INCH SILK AND
1 75C\VOOL FRENCH NOVELTY
I SUITING, latest styles; will be
1 offered at 75c a yard.
■
I Gloves! Gloves!
i
I 7C«35 dozen LADIES' TWO-CLASP
/OCdressed kid GLOVES in
I Brown, Tan, Green, Red, White
and Black; regular value $1; win
■ - be on sale at 75c a pair.
■ Qnn 73 dozen LADIES' FOUR-BUT-
1 gUUTON DORENA REAL KID
GLOVES in colors and Black
I (odd sizes), regular price $125,
will be on sale at 90c a pair.
i (Every pair guaranteed and
fitted.) '-<
i __ — : —
Iwlj Murphy Bulldlnj?, M
\ Hartet anUmß Streets.
!-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■
Large bows of green moiro ribbon added
to the pretty effect, and the place cards
were decorated with violets done in
water colors R f Bm,lax stretched
from the violet-shaded chandelier to the
waU forming a tt canopy overhead.
The guests, in &££ n t0 those already
mentioned, were: Mesdames E. Pratt, F.
Owen ' Edward Chambers. Leon Escallier,
, c Fletche Charles Saggart. Frank*
McGrath, Albert Lumption J. Illich, Al
bert Burch - August Fusenot. Miss Louise
s-ggjgs *&m Welsh -Ausust Krme
or Colo
*-, o 
raSO KODies.
Th c,_. . seventy.five of Paso Robles
Tne select se\ent>-n\e or .■ ™*° "ODI
Hotel gave a delightful party to the
friends of Mr. and Mrs. Otto Shackelford,
of that kind, and on short notice an amphitheater will be
erected to accommodate the biggest crowd of sports that
can be brought together for such an event.
Already $160,000 has been expended in improving the
island. There is a hotel there, the Palm Leaf, with 100
rooms, and there are also several cottages, a casino build
ing, boat houses and ice houses and an electric light plant.
There are wharves and landing places, where the excur- j
sion steamers from Detroit and other points land sight- '
peers in summer. Already the island is widely known in
the vicinity as a summer resort. It ha? excellent shooting
and fishing, and Mr. Dobie was offered $1000 for the privi
lege of duck shooting for last season. There Is also salt i
and natural gas on the island, but these products have
never been developed.
The island is midway between Windsor and Detroit, ;
being about eight miles from each. It is eight miles long i
by three-quarters of a mile wide, and has an area of 2500 j
acres. It was once known as Des-Chree-Shos-Ka Island,
an Indian name meaning "Everything is here," but for i
pome reason unknown the name was changed years ago
to Fighting Island. Opposite the island, on the Canadian |
phore, Daniel Scotten, the Detroit millionaire, is laying out
a new townsite of 5000 acres. The largest salt well in
Canada is only four miles away, and the Sandwich mineral
pprings are also convenient. Electric cars run down along
the mainland near by the island, on both sides, from
Windsor to landings opposite the center of the island.
NEW GOODS are piling in for everu depart-
ment, and theu were bought in such VAST QUAN-.
TITIES and at such TREMENDOUS DISCOUNTS
FOR SPOT CASH that we are this week enabled to
introduce the following and the manu other lines -
embraced in our MAGNIFICENT DISPLAY - of
ADVANCE STYLES AND NOVELTIES at
PRICES THAT MAKE THEM RE=t
SISTLESSLY ATTRACTIVE!
Comforters and Blankets!
CfU 2 Bales COMFORTERS, former
OUu price 75c; on sale at 50c. •';
OCn 5 • Bales COMFORTERS, white
Ouu cotton filling, former price $115;
on sale at 85c.
01 OK 3 Bales COMFORTERS, carded
sHi&U cotton filling, handsome patterns,
former price $160; on sale at $125.
<£l CX 50 pairs WHITE 10-4 BLANKETS,
VIiUU former price $225; on sale at $165.
<tO OR r ' n Pairs ALL-WOOL MOTTLED
O/iOO BLANKETS, former price $3 50;
on sale at $2 S5.
QA 00 75 pairs FINE WHITE WOOL
«J>*fi3U BLANKETS, largest size, former
price $6 50; on sale at $4 90.
CORSETS, HOSIERY, Etc.
. <D 1 OH 50 dozen LADIES' CORSETS in Black and White, latest French cut, boned
cpi.irubust, trimmed top and bottom with lace and drawing ribbon, good value for
1 U 50. will be sold for $1 00.
CM nfi' lrt dozen LADIES' SWISS RIBBED CASHMERE VESTS H. N. L. S.. In
I ipi.uu Gray and -white, usual price Jl 25 each, will be on sale at $1 00.
1 O^p 150 dozen LADIES' RICHELIEU RIBBED BLACK COTTON HOSE, also
■ j *<«** plain Black and Black with white feet, at 23c a pair.
1 See Chronicle and Examiner for Other Bargains.
[/[/ Murphy Building, w
Market aii Jones Streets.
who expert to depart for Kotzebue Sound
in a month. The parlors of the large ho
tel were beautifully decorated with palms,
smilax and pansies. After a game of pro
gressive euchre the prizes won were dis
tributed, AY. A. Easell winning the first
gentleman's prize and Mrs. Otto Shaekel
ford the first lady's. After partaking of
a bountiful repast served in the spacious
dining-room they all adjourned to the
music ball, where dancing was indulged
in until chanticleer announced the break
ing of another day. The departing guests
one and all wished the couple bon voyage.
Those invited were: Hon. and Mrs.
James. Mr. and Mrs. Shackelford, Mr.
and Mrs. Otto Shackelford, Dr. and Mrs.
Deal, Dr. and Mrs. Eioya, Mr. and Mrs.
Hamilton, Mr. and Mrs. Steinbeck. Mr.
and Mrs. Booth, Mr. and Mrs. Putnam,
: r ■
—
Cloak Department! -
(C nn LADIES' GREEN KERSEY
pOiUU CLOTH JACKETS, fly fronts and
star collar, half silk lined; worth
$10. Special Sale price $5.
CC Kn LADIES' ROYAL BLUE KER-
S>DiOU SEY CLOTH JACKETS, star* col-
lar, fronts lined with silk, back
and front seams strapped; worth
$12 50. Special Sale price $6 50.
(m nnr-ADiES* tan COVERT CLOTH
QIUiUUSUITS, skirts double lined and
corduroy bound, silk lined, fly
front Jacket; worth $15. Special
Sale price $10.
<M OC LADIES' DRESS SKIRTS In
Vii&J Black figured Mohair and fancy
colored Check Suitings, lined and
velvet bound; worth $175. Special
Sale price $125.
[f[j Murphy Bunding. *
Market and Jones Streets.
u nil ■ ■ ■ ■ -■-■-
Mr and Mrs. MrCrackan, Mr. and Mrs.
Arnold. Mr. and Mrs. Mills. Mr. and Mrs.
Patterson. Mr. and Mrs. Burns, Mr. and
! Mrs Horstmann. Mr. and Mrs. Farnum,
i Mr and Mrs. Burkett. Mrs. Ellen Ben
; nett, Mrs. Sedgwkk. Misses Phiester
Churchill. James Miller Main. Clement*
Dempsev, the Misses Moshers. Kcher
Churchill. M. I,ada. Phiester Toplman,
Jack Irvin. l.eonhard ten Bach Earl, Pro
i fessor Hvman. Professor Sr.odden, Pro
' fessor Sedgwick. Professor Smaid.
lr\ the Future.
Mr and Mrs. S. Plato will celebrate
their sixtieth wedding anniversary at the
residence of their daughter. Mrs. I. Roth.
710 Octavia street, and will receive this
Sunday from 2 to G.
The members of the Aldine Club have
been tendered a reception by the Arion
Verein, to take place Wednesday, March
16. at their rooms. 414 Pine street.
The Columbia Ztther Club will gi\e a
social hop Wednesday evening. March 9
at the San Francisco Turn Verein social
hall.
J-'ersorvals.
Henry R. Levy, a prominent merchant
of San Bernardino, is stopping at a down
town hotel.
Mr. and Mrs. S. Morris have moved
from 732 Hayes street to IG2IA Turk.
Miles G. Owens left for New York last
evening, where he intends to reside per
manently.
Dr. and Mrs. Josef I. Manson have re
moved from 2?r,r, California street to 1795
McAllister strut, corner of Baker.
Mrs. A. Mann has removed to 2039 Pine
street At home the tirst Thursdays.
Mr. and Mrs. Julien Liebes have re
turned from their northern trip and will
be pleased to see their rrlends on the
second Monday of each month at the
Martinet, 1101 Geary street.
Mrs. L. Thorn has returned from he*
Eastern trip.
Miss Jennie Flood. Dr. and Mrs. J. F.
Morse and J. W. Twiggs left Saturday
for Mexico.
Mrs. C. A. Clinton and little son.
Charles A. Clinton Jr., departed for Los
Angeles last Thursday evening:.
Mr. and Mrs. 1.. \V. Lovey have re
turned to the city and have taken up
their residence at 738 McAllister street.
At homi' the last Thursday in the month.
Mrs. John M. Wright is convalescent
after a severe lllneaa lasting for six
months, and is visiting her father. Dr. I-.
5. Rogers, at Trhachapi. She will re
turn to her home at Hotel St. Nicholas
about March 10.
Mr. and Mrs. P. J. Kelly (nee McNeney)
have returned from their wedding trip.
They will receive their friends at 1508
Franklin street.
Mr. and Mrs. Ralph Brown have given
up housekeeping and are located at the
Hotel Pleasant on, where they will be
pleased to receive their friends.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Livingston will receive
their friends at thy barmitzvah of their
son, Henry, between - and 5 p. m., March
6, at residence, 801 Hayes street.
CUTTING THROUGH POLK.
Contractors Warren & Malley Have
at Last Commenced Work in
Removing the Hogs Back.
Contractors Warren & Malley have
made a Ftart in removing the "hops back"
at the north end of Polk street. Tho
commencement of this work after a de
lay of one year since the contract was
lot is gratifying 1 news to the Polk street
merchants, who have labored so assidu
ously to have the street cut through.
When this is finished Polk street will
have a direct opening to the waters of
the bay, and that will afford a more di
rect means of reaching the business por
tion of the city, besides pivins people
who reside at the north end a chance to
purchase goods on Polk street.
The material taken from this cut ia
being dumped into the lnclosure lately
hulkheaded by the hoirs of the estate ot
J. G. Fair, over which there was so much
litigation between the Harbor Commis
sioners and the San Francisco Gas Com
pany.
Where the telephone wires are over
land the speed of transmission is at the
rate of 16,000 miles a second: where the
wires are through cables under the sea
the speed is not more than 6020 miles a
second.
■
BLACK I
DRESS GOODS! :
— ■
An n 50 pieces of BLACK CREPON !
fUu 39-in. wide, regular value 65c, ■
will be placed on sale at 40c yd.
Rfln 40 pieces BLACK BOURETTE I
OUU CLOTH, 43-in. wide, good val- v
ue for 75c, will be offered at
50c yd. I
£fln 106 pieces BLACK ENGLISH
3UU STORM SERGE. 45-in. wide, |
good value for 65c, will be of-
fered at 50c yd. m
Cfl« 7.") pieces BLACK ENGLISH,
OUC FRENCH AND GERMAN ■
MOHAIR NOVELTIES, good
value for 75c, will be offered _
at 50c yd. T
7KI» 25 Pieces BLACK ENGLISH ■
fDC PEBBLE CLOTH, full 52-in.
wide, extra good value for g
$1 00, will be offered at 7oc yd.
<M nniO pieces BLACK MOHAIR Wt
01 1 UU CREPON. full M-in. wide, good
value for Jl 50, will be offered ■
at 11 00 yd.
Cn« 25 pieces BLACK SILK AND T
OUC MOHAIR GRENADINES in 1
the latest designs, extra good ■
value lor 75c, will be offered at I I
50c yd. ■
C««:.l 150 pieces BLACK CREPON v
OOeCial ! AN D PIEROLA CLOTHS in ■ ,
the latest effects, ranging
from $1 00 to $2 00 yd. 1 1
II
HANDKERCHIEFS AND T
EMBROIDERY ! I
tl\* LATHES' EMBROIDERED *
lUC HANUKKRCHIEFS, assorted _
patterns, value 20c, on special ■
sale at 10c each.
|ft ft CAMBRIC EMBROIDERIES, I
lUu open patterns, five and six ■
inches wide, assorted styles,
value 20c, on special sale at B
10c yd. |
C n CAMBRIC EMBROIDERIES, ■
OVj open patterns, 4 inches wide,
value 12Vic, on special sale at ■
Dc yd. |
. ■
IMI B ''"'-'■' M 8B
[/if Murphy Building-, Jr \
Market and Jones Streets. ;
■■■'■ ■ ■ ■» » ■-!
iTHE small girl of 5 promises to bo
a much-dressed young person this
spring. She may be just a kinder
garten young lady, with big, won
dering eyes and a decided fond
ness for doll babies, but if she happens to
have a fashionable mamma her wardrobe
1s quite as extensive and is given quite
us much thought as her debutante sis
ter's.
Of course she has half a dozen or so of
sensible school frocks, fairly plain white
aprons and an every day coat. But her
wardrobe also contains a real Persian
inade hat, a bicycle suit made to order by
a tailor, silk petticoats with frills in
plenty and party gowns fit for a real live
princess.
The spring and summer frocks for chil
dren are in town a bit earlier than usu
al this year. The shops are not only dis
playing- the newest fashions in light
weight cheviot school dresses, but organ
die gowns for mid-summer days and shirt
waists in a great variety for the baby
cummer girl.
The mother who is anxious her small
daughter shall be dressed in the latest
fashion will do well to make a tour of
the shops just now, for though it may not
t>e possible for her to purchase the dainty
frocks which are now on sale she may
pet much inspiration and many useful
hints from them which shall be of practi
cal aid to her in making her own little
girl's spring wardrobe.
The prettiest of the new school dresses
come in bright plaids. Some are in chev
iot and others are made of poplin. The
frocks are all in one with fairly, full
skirts, but sleeves are much smaller than
last year. The plaid dresses are made up
6 imply and require but little trimming. ,
Many of them are worn with a broad
black velvet waistband, and the big col
lar or pointed bertha is frequently trim
med with narrow rows of black velvet
ribbon. Plain cloth dresses are trimmed
lavishly with braid. Little gowns of dark
blue or deep brown show collar, cuffs and
waistband of white cloth striped with
narrow gold or silver braid. For very
small giris the guimpe dress is still the
favorite. The daintiest guimpes have the
yokes made of fine tucks, and also groups
of these tiny tucks forming the cuffs.
For the kindergarten young lady who
also attends dancing school there are
i BW party frocks which would make her
jump up and down with joy, they are so
like her big sister's.
A particularly dainty little frock de-
Fignod purposely for dancing-school wear
Is made of light blue faille silk, and
trimmed with blue satin ribbons and the
fluffiest of accordion-pleated chiffon frills.
The chiffon frills are each edged with
narrow lace, and they outline the low-cut
neck. The waist shows just a suggestion
of a blouse back and front, and the sleeves
are small, short puffs. The dress may be
worn with a gulmpe or not, according to
the discretion of the small girl's mamma.
Party dresses of nainsook and lace inser
tion are also very fashionable. They are
worn over a slip of some delicate silk,
and frequently a sash matching the silk
In color is worn with them.
Though the little imported French ging
ham gowns are not designed for party
wear, yet they are pretty enough to grace
the most fashionable dancing-school
event. The ginghams are exquisitely
dainty in their designs and color com
bination, and are made up trimmed with
much open-work embroidery.
One little gingham gown which costs
ready made almost as much as a real
parly frock is made of a delicate green
and white plaid gingham, scattered with
raised tiny green and white spots. It has
a full skirt, which hangs from a waist
band of embroidery. The slightly full
ADVENTURES OF A
WOMAN UNDERTAKER
WE were talking about every
day topics -when my friend
happened to say she was in
the undertaking business.
"Why, how in the world did
you have grit enough to take hold of
purh an occupation? Did it not seem
horrible to you?" I asked.
"Of course it did at first, but I made
Up my mind to grin and bear it, and
I succeeded."
Mrs. Parks is one of those large,
good natured women who seem to
have nerve and ambition to attempt
almost anything. She has served a
regular training course In the strange
profession.
"And how did you conclude to be
come an undertaker?" I asked.
"Just by the merest chance;" she re
plied. "I called upon a friend who was
Just setting ready to go to the Golden
Gate Undertaking Parlors to view the
body of her sister-in-law. I volunteer
ed to go with her and dress the hair
of the deceased. The offer was kindly
accepted. As the body was not quite
ready, the managerrequested us to wait
for about fifteen minutes. Before
many minutes passed he came in and
asked how the lady had worn her hair.
I told him I had come for the purpose
of dressing it. 'Oh, have you? Then
please step this way,' he said.
"The manager assisted me, and as I
was leaving the establishment he com
plimented me on the way I had hand
led the head and advised me to learn
the business."
"'But from whom? 1 I asked.
" 'Oh, I'll teach you. Come in some
time.'
" 'All right,' I replied.
"I thought, however, he was only
A SUNBONNET SHAPE
joking, but as I was in earnest, I called
again. He seemed surprised to see me.
" 'Did you really mean it? I thought
you were only Joking. Have you truly
decided to learn?'
" 'Why, of course,' I answered. 'If
you'll teach me.' "
After Mrs. Parks learned how to lay
out a body for burial, she entered a
college of embalming, which met here
last November. Prominent undertak
ers and doctors of the United States are
at the head of this school, and come
here about once in every six or seven
years.
Out of a class of thirty-two gradu
ates, three were women, namely, Mrs.
Parks of San Francisco, Miss Wood of
Oakland and Mrs. Ream of Sacra
mento. •
"Did you ever attend an autopsy?"
I asked her.
"Oh, yes; and the first one I attended
the doctors watched me for fear I
woujd change color. But I had re
solved to be firm, and I kept up to the
end, although several times I felt very
uneasy. At the conclusion, one of the
doctors congratulated me, and said he
had fainted himself the first one he at
tended."
Mrs. Parks complained that the ma
jority of undertakers are afraid to
initiate a woman into the business. As
one undertaker said to her: "Why
should we give you money that we can
earn ourselves? As long as the public
does not know that a lady can be em
ployed, why should we make them any
the wiser?"
In some weeks as many as 15,000,000
fowls reach London from poultry farms
in France, Italy, Austria and Russia,
the greater portion of. which might eas
ily be bred in the United Kingdom, and
at a profit
SPRING FASHIONS FOR CHILDREN.
waist has a rever on the right side, -which
is edged with a frill of embroidery.
The sleeve Is unusually pretty. At the
shoulder there is a small puff; over this
fall two ruffles of embroidery, the upper
one also forming part of the collar. At
the wrist there Is a band of insertion
and another embroidery frill which falls
well over the little hand. Thi3 gown may
also be bought in white and yellow plaid
RASING WEAK BABIES
IN GLASS INCUBATORS
THE time is not far distant when
the people of San Francisco will
point with pride to feeble infanta
gaining vitality while living in
glass houses. The French system
of prolonging feeble infant life
has reached New York. From New
York to San Francisco is not far. and
if New York babies prove that the In
cubator system is adapted to their
needs the infants of San Francisco will
not have long to watt to share similar
benefits.
Local interest In Infant culture was
actively awakened in 1895, when Mrs. de
Marville, nee Caduc, dying here,
left a baby a few hours old. The baby
was so weak that there was little hope
that it would survive. Dr. de Marville
devised an incubator that worked well.
It consisted of a metallic pan set in a
box and provided with heat by the
flowing of warm water through tubes
which lined the box. The box was set
in a trunk, the lid of which was partly
open. The temperature of the room in
which the trunk stood was kept uni
form and high. The baby thrived well,
soon took food and now is strong and
active.
The subject of preserving infant life
long ago engaged the attention of men
of science in France, where the popu
lation is diminishing, and the ablest
minds in the country are occupied with
the solution o-f scientific problems.
Forty years ago Professor Denuce of
Bordeaux constructed an incubator
which achieved satisfactory results.
This was improved in 1880 by Professor
Ternier; in his machine the air was
heated by blocks of granite. This in
cubator was presented to the Maternity
Hospital at Paris, and has been pro
nounced a success.
But seven successive exhibitions
held at Lyons, Amsterdam, Bordeaux,
Brussels, Geneva, Berlin, Innspruck
and Nashville, have awarded the first
prize for the most perfect incubator to
the one which was invented in 1891 by
Dr. Alexander Lion of Nice, and it is
now being adopted in all maternity
hospitals. A building has just been
erected in West Eighteenth street, New
York City, for its use, and the institu
tion has become one of the shows of the
metropolitan city.
When a baby arrives at the Lion
Institute in New York it is carefully
examined by the physician in charge,
who deals with the little mites— some
of them weighing as little as two
pounds — as if they were precious jew
els He first determines whether the
infant is free from contagion. In some
of the European institutes children
tainted with inherited disease or pre
vailing epidemic are not admitted. If
no malady betrays itself the child's
name, age, length, weight, temperature
and general condition are entered into
the record book, and it is handed over
to the chief nurse.
She notes whether it belongs to the
class of simply feeble or prematurely
born infants, and assigns it to an in
cubator, which i^ in charge of an as
sistant nurse. Its cLothing is removed,
it is wrapped in a downy white gar
ment which affords free play for the
limbs, and it is laid on a pillow in its
hammock, in the glass case.
Each incubator is in charge of a
trained nurse, garbed like a sister in
gray. Adjoining the hall where the ln
©ubators stand is a room, fj-ontiner the
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 6, 1898.
gingham and in the Imported ginghams
showing the fine Roman stripes.
White pique dresses will be worn more
than ever this spring and summer by
fashionable small The prettiest are
all made with full skirts, baby waists and
big circular collars, which are trimmed
with insertion and ruffles of white em
broidery. The newest sleeves show a frill
at the shoulder, which appears to be tied
main entrance, which is known as the
nursery. Here, all day long, a train of
nurses feed the babies with food spe
cially assigned to each by the Institute
physicians; some of them suffer from
mouth trouble which requires them to
be fed through the nose. But one sel
dom hears the complaint so often made
In private nurseries that the food "does
not agree with baby." Back of the
nursery stands the nurses' dormitory.
They keep watch and watch, so that
the number on duty all through night
and day is about th» same. So perfect
is the system that the death rate
among the infants is not now greater
than that among the people at large —
low as that is in New York.
Hospitals like the Lion Institute in
New York are, of course, not self-sup
porting, nor could they be here. A pit
tance is granted in New York by the
municipal government, which is sup
plemented by an annuity generously be
stowed by the rich. Parents who can
afford to pay for the salvation of the
A TURKISH BATH ROBE.
lives of feeble children are expected to
defray the expense of caring for them
at the institute. But the great bulk of
the children who occupy the Incubators
are sprung from the poorest class, and
the cost of saving them devolves on the
community. It gets its reward in a
diminished death rate and in the pre
servation of lives which may prove
valuable.
One-sixth of the deaths which occur
in San Francisco are of children under
one year of age. The exact figures for
In the middle with satin ribbon, the rib
bon being fastened at the top in a bow.
Pique gowns marlo in this fashion are al
ways worn with a gulmpe. The separate
pique skirts with reefer coats to match
will be worn very much throughout the
summer with shirt waists.
One of the most fashionable of the
spring jackets for a small girl is made of
tan-color covert cloth with small sleeves
the last municipal year were: Total
deaths, 5966; under one year of age,
997. Of these infants 263 are reported to
have died of atrophy and inanition;
that is to say, they died because the
feeble vital spark was not nursed into
vigorous life by proper care in earliest
infancy. It is not unfair to assume
that a considerable proportion might
have been saved by the incubator, be
sides a percentage of the 734 other in
fants whose death is ascribed to other
causes.
In London the new improvement has
! created a new industry. Portable ln
i cubators are made of glass and metal,
| which can be washed, disinfected and
| carried in a vehicle to any point where
j they are required. From the depot
where they are kept in stock an incu
bator may be dispatched to a house
j where a feeble or premature child has
t just been born, and can be handled by
j any intelligent trained nurse. They
' will only be needed for a few days; at
1 the end of two or three weeks the m
| fant will have acquired vitality enough
to resist a breath of fresh air, and the
incubator can be returned to the depot.
PESTS TO KILL PESTS.
Some remarkable bugs are being
hatched and reared at present by ex
perts of the Government Bureau of En
tomology at Washington. This kind of
scientific work has a very useful pur
pose in view, notwithstanding the fact
that the species selected for breeding
are the most pestiferous that can be
found.
On the shelves and on the floor are
glass jars and boxes, with glass sides
containing a great variety of plants'
fruits, dried-up vegetables and pieces
of branches or roots. The purpose for
which injuriouß insects are bred in this
hatchery is twofold. In the first place
it is desired to study their history, be
cause knowledge on this subject yields
pointers as to the best methods of at
tacking them. Particularly it is desir
able to discover what parasites prey
upon them. The fact Is that every spe
cies has its parasitic enemies, and one
of the most effective methods for at
tacking a pestiferous bug is to identify
and encourage the multiplication of its
insect foes.
One of the most remarkable insects
bred in the lnsectary is the "shothole
beetle." It is so called because of
queer little tunnels, resembling holes
made by small shot, which it bores In
wood. The "sawdust" produced by
boring is chewed to a pulp by the fe
male beetle and is put by her into
mushroom beds. In due time the beds
furnish mushrooms for her young.
"When the parasite of an injurious in
sect is found it is coddled and petted.
Efforts are made to encourage it to
breed. Eventually it Is let loose exper
imentally on an infested tree or other
plant. Fierce beetles, which are to the
insect world what beasts of prey are
to the mammal kingdom, are propa
gated and placed where they will have
a chance to tackle their victims. Fun
gus and bacterial diseases are commu
nicated to healthy bugs, in order that
they may be let loose and disseminate
artificial maladies among their kind.
The Bureau of Entomology is breed
ing parasites of the cotton-boll weevil
— the insect that is doing so much
damage to cotton in the southwest.
Other bugs under propagation are the
borer that invades oak tree roots, the
scale insect of the peach, the cottony
maple scale and the creosote scale.
This latter is found on the creosote
shrub all through the southwest. The
shrub itself is not of importance, but
the substance of the scale formed by
the insect makes an excellent commer
cial quality of shellac. The Japanese
shellac is obtained from a similar bug.
FROM A REAL PARIS MODEL
MOST VALUABLE PLAT
OF GROUND ON EARTH
THE most valuable plat of ground
in the world, at least the one
that has commanded the highest
price, is located at the corner of
Broad and Wall streets, New York
City, in the heart of the great finan
cial district. Several years ago Mr.
Wilkes established a record for high
priced realty by paying $168,000 for SOS
square feet of ground on this site, or
$330 70 per square foot.
The immensity of this rate of valu
ation can best be appreciated by meas
uring off a square foot of space and
then comparing its dimensio-ns with
those of $330 in money. Such a com
parison will show that if Mr. Wilkes
had paid for his property in $1 bills he
would have been able to cover his en
tire lot with eighty-two layers of green
backs, or he could have paved it with
four tiers of silver dollars placed edge
to edge as closely as they would lie.
Doubtless if the worthy Dutch burgh
ers of New Amsterdam could return to
earth they would be astounded to learn
the value of the land on which they
pastured their cows 200 years ago.
Though no other piece of ground has
commanded an equal price per foot,
there are several other plats in New
York City which are quite equal to the
Wilkes property in value. For exam
ple, a considerable larger lot on the
northwest corner of Nassau and Pine
streets, one block above the Wilkes
property, was sold last year for $250
per square foot, and the opposite cor
ner of the same streets, including 6043
feet, was bought by the Hanover Na
tional Bank for $1,350,000. The lot on
the corner of Broadway and Maiden lane,
and the site of the Commercial Cable
Company's building in Broad street, are
also properties that could be covered
and a fly front. It is a tatlor-raade Jack
et, but instead of showing the conven
tional strapped seams the seams are
corded, and both the upper part of the
sleeves and the yoke of the coat show
rows of the same fine cording: which has
much the effect of groups of tiny tucks.
Russian blouse coats for girls from 6 to
10 will also be worn for early spring days.
The most fashionable show the blouse
both in the back and front, and .are
trimmed with either black braid or black
velvet ribbon.
When the hat 3 and bonnets were de
signed this year for the small girl or
fashion simplicity was apparently forgot
ten. The hats for baby girls are quite as
tlaborate as those worn by society young
women.
The fancy bonnets are dreams of loveli
ness. The daintiest, and incidentally the
most expensive, are made of white silk
batiste embroidered in some faint color.
One of the latest novelties in these bon
nets greatly resembles an old-fashioned
sun-bonnet in shape. It is made of white
silk batiste, embroidered in scroll designs
in pale blue silk.
The bonnet i 6 trimmed with bows of
delicate blue ribbon, and wide ribbon
strings tie in front beneath the baby chin.
The inside ruche, which fits closely to the
head, Is caught here and there with
sprays of artificial forget-me-nots. An
other new idea is the fancy bonnet of
white lawn showing the body of the bon
net, made entirely of rows of insertion,
alternating with embroidery beading
run with narrow ribbons.
The prettiest of the new hate show a
combination of coarse but silky straw
and silk mull ruffles. The crown Is gen
erally framed of the straw, and three or
four tiny ruffles make the brim. These
little hats are very becoming. Some
times they are trimmed with just a sin
gle big bow of ribbon, and then again
the crown is encircled with flowers.
For everyday wear the cloth hats, both
in the Alpine and the Tarn o' Shanter
shapes, which are made with stitched
brims, are not only practical for young
schoolgirls, but most fashionable aa
well. They either have a full satin
rosette as their trimming or a high quill
or two caught at the side.
To complete the fashionable small
girl's wardrobe she must surely have a
bathrobe made of either eiderdown or
Turkish toweling, a mackintosh cut in.
the latest design, besides her bicycle
suit.
The small boy these days has quite as
elaborate a wardrobe as his young sis
ter. His waists, with their big sailor
collars, rival her shirt waists in beauty
and daintiness. When she wears her
silk dancing gown he appears in a velvet
suit. He has vests trimmed with gold
braid and shields to wear with his sailor
suits, on which great big anchors are em
broidered. He has a baseball suit. z.
spring overcoat and hats, gloves, and
neckties for every occasion, even If it
happens to bo only a few months ago
that he reached the dignity of trousers.
One of the best-known European
trainers of horses, who was also the
husband of that daring circus rider.
Miss Ada Smith, has retired from pub
lic life because of the death of his wife.
He lately disposed of all the horses
and properties of his great circus, with
the exception of eight magnificent
thoroughbreds, which would have sold
for an enormous amount of money.
These horses were so dear to Oscar
Carre that he shot them all, so afraid
was he that they might go down in
the world and end their days between
the shafts.
There will not be a total eclipse of
the sun visible in Great Britain for
about 500 years.
fifty feet deep with dollar bills out of
their purchase price.
Probably the largest amount ever
paid for the site of a single building
was that given by the Broadway Real
ty Company for the lot on which the
Bowling Green building has been erect
ed. This sky-scraper, which is the larg
est in the city, extends from Broadway
through to Greenwich street, and cov
ers 29,152 feet of ground, for which $3,
000,000 was paid. This is $102 90 per
foot, and, though the price per foot is
less than has been paid for several oth
er plots, the total represents an enor
mous sum to pay merely for the ground
on which to erect one building.
One peculiar effect in real estate val
ues that has followed the sky-scraper
era is the extraordinary price which
has been put upon sites that are suit
able for very high buildings, spots
with open surroundings, on which
other lofty structures are not likely to
be built, are, of course, the most de
sirable for this purpose, and such places
are tew in the city of New York. The
result is that many buildings which
are already very profitable are being
torn down to make room for the erec
tion of sky-scrapers.
It is now said that the famous old
Astor . House, which is still a paying
and prosperous hotel, will soon be torn
down and replaced 'by a twenty-five
story office" building. This site faces
the churchyard \of old St. " Paul's .on
one side and the open space about the
Federal building on another, so that it
is an exceptionally advantageous loca
tion for a, tall building.; .'
Of course there are many big real es
tate transactions in which the actual
prices paid do not appear, but it is not
likely that there have been any in
which : the figures have surpassed those
quoted above.
2526
BOY'S AND GIRLS' PAGE.
POLLY MYNX, THE TOMBOY.
POLLY MYXX was a live, wide
awake girl. Fear? She did not
know what it was. Many called
her a tomboy. She could ride a
horse bareback, or climb a tree
as well as the most daring boy.
Her first venture in riding on horse
back came about in the funniest way.
The experience would have been dis
couraging to a less courageous girl,
but it had no such effect on Polly. She
was passing through a lane and espied
a horse, as it stood quietly dozing, close
beside the fence.
Without a moment of hesitation she
climbed up and dropped down astride
its back..
The horse, unaccustomed to so start
ling an introduction, threw back its
ears and leaped the fence, leaving
Polly lying flat upon the ground.
Her arm was broken, and she was
kept in bed for weeks, but this never
daunted Polly.
A spice of danger seemed a necessity
to her enjoyment.
Near the little town in which she
lived was a long, high trestle, spanning
the river, many feet below. It was
built for the passage of railroad trains,
but Polly found no flowers half so
sweet as those which grew over at the
other end.
She not only crossed the dizzy ties
herself, but went back and forth, lead
ing her trembling schoolmates, step by
step, until the last one was safely over.
Meddling Tommy Treadwell, who
never did like to see girls have any
fun, told her parents, and then that
delightful amusement was ended.
There was a patch of be>ry bushes
away off in the tangled wood. No way
to reach it. save over a brook whose
waters were both deep and rapid.
"Oh, come on, girls," she urged.
"There's not one bit of danger."
"You go first, then," suggested her
companions.
"1 will," said Polly, bo she undressed
her feet and waded in.
She reached the opposite shore and
called for them to follow, but they
hesitated still.
"What Billy girls, to be afraid," said
Polly. "I can carry every one of you
over on my back."
"Ha, ha, what fun! Try It," they
cried.
With a girl perched upon her shoul
ders she had nearly reached the op
posite bank, but they were so full of
laughter that she tripped and fell and
both went sprawling into the water.
It was a wonder they were not
drowned, and, then, such a pair of
frights as went hurrying through the
streets!
The boys laughed at them, and their
mothers scolded, but what did Polly
care for that?
One day Polly was seen in consulta
tion with a crowd cf girl 3 upon the
■treet.
"Look out for some new mischief,"
remarked one neighbor .to another.
Both ran to the door. "Rebecka and
Matilda Jenkins, come Into the house
this minute, and don't let me see you
on the street again to-day!" cried one.
"Mary Jane and Hannah Keeler, you
come in likewise," called the other.
When these mothers looked into their
daughters' rooms that night they found
no daughters there.
Investigation disclosed the fact that
In the town a dozen beds were empty.
About half a mile out of town, cir
cling round one side of a high hill, ran
a small branch of the river. There were
wide, 3andy shores and shallow waters
on either sirte, but the center was dan
gerously deep.
It was a warm night and the katy
dids were sawing out their rasping
jr.usic in the woods. Romping In the
pand and splashing in the water, their
merry voices drowning the katydids'
nong, were the missing culprits. Polly
was In her element, "Come on," she
said; "Just one at a time, and I'll teach
you how to swim."
"PEhaw! I don't suppose you know
how yourself," answered one.
"You don't?" said Polly. "Well, you
shall see!"
"Oh! Polly! Polly! Come baok. You'll
BY MRS. W. F. PERRY.
surely drown!" But Polly went boldly
to the middle of the stream.
She swam, and dived and floated, to
the admiration and wonder of them all.
Suddenly she came plunging for the
shore.
'Hush! Hush!" she exclaimed.
"Oh! what is it? What is it?" asked
the girls, in affright.
"Look! Look!" she cried.
The shadowy side of the hill, sloping
toward the stream, stood black against
the sky, and above it, shedding Its
warm, mellow light over the top of the
hill, was the great full moon. What
did it reveal?
A troop of hurrying women, whose
figures looked mammoth, outlined
against the sky, and in one of each of
the motherly hands was grasped a
long lithe weapon.
"Grab your clothes, girls, quick!"
whispered Polly, "and let us hide be
hind the rocks!"
The threatening column came sweep
ing down the hill.
"I thought I heard their voices," said
one.
"I know I did," asserted another.
"My Tommy said, ' 'pen honor,' that
he overheard them planning to come
here," said Mrs. Treadwell.
"I expect every livin' one of 'em Is
THE SA^T FRANCISCO \'> CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 6, 1893,
drowned!" wailed Mrs. Worry worry.
"More likely they have gone further
down the river," said Mrs. Mynx; "but
Just let me get my hands on Polly and
" Here the voices died away in the
distance.
"Now is our time!" exclaimed Polly.
"Get your clothes on quicker, girls!
Hurry home and be in bed fast asleep
when they get back."
"When the bevy of frightened mothers
returned, after their fruitless search,
what was their amazement to find
their daughters sleeping safely in their
beds.
"It's all that Polly Mynx!" said they.
"It's enough to break up all the en
joyment in girls' lives to be forever
spied on by a boy," said Polly, indig
nantly, to her companions, and the
girls answered, "Indeed it is!"
One day they wore out fishing. Tom
my Treadwell followed them and stood
teetering on the bough of a tree that
reached out over the water.
"Oh, Polly is a tomboy! Polly is a
tomboy! I'm in a tree! Just see me!"
Crash! Down came the limb, and
Tommy with it, into the water.
The current was very swift, but the
branch caught upon a projecting root,
and Tommy clung to it for dear life.
He screamed lustily for help and
would have been drowned had not Pol
ly swam in and helped him out.
"I'll never spy on you nor call you
names again," said Tommy, as he
stood dripping on the bank. "When a
fair and square boy finds he has treat
ed a girl wrong he's bound to make it
right. Polly, you're not a tomboy —
you're a brick! And if any boy dares
to say you're not I'll take it up!"
THE CAMP UPON
THE SEA BEACH.
BY JENNIE SWAYNE.
Mrs. Lawton is a school teacher. She
has two little girls, Margie and Katie.
Every summer Mrs. Lawton takes her
girls away to pass the long vacation.
She teaches in a city in the San Joa
quin Valley. Last summer she came
to San Francisco, bringing a tent to
camp upon the beach. She selected a
spot about two miles south of the Cliff
House. Xo one objected to her stand
ing her tent there. Her cooking out
fit came down by boat from' Stockton,
and some dishes. She brought very
little baggage, for she came for rest
and change.
Her little girls had little tin pails and
shovels to dig in the sand and make
sand houses. They wore flannel
dresses of blue. They had stout shoes
and stout stockings, but nothing that
they could spoil, so there was nothing
to prevent them from having a good
time.
They went out to the beach by way
of Ingleside. When tfiey left the cars
they had to walk some distance, bat
the road was good, the weather tine,
and they were so much in haste to
gaze upon the great ocean that they
were at the beach almost before they
were aware of it, although they had
heard the billows beating upon the
shore long before.
They took their lunches out in bas
kets, each carrying her own, for Mrs.
Lawton taught her girls to help them
selves as much as possible, and not
to depend upon others. An express
wagon arrived with the tent in it soon
after. The expressman helped to put
up the tent, driving the pegs and
stretching the canvas. Mrs. Lawton
soon had stakes driven in the sand and
the camp kettle mounted upon them.
Then the children wert? went along the
bonch in search of firewood. They
collected a large pile of drift wood,
enough for cooking purposes and also
for a great camp fire to keep them
warm.
A great hillock of stakes and sand
was piled up in front of the tent to
shield the tent in case of a hard blow.
The first night on the beach all the
campers were tired enough to sleep.
Mrs. Lawton's big dop. Rover, was the
sentinel when the others slept. They
EDITED BY
DAVID H.
WALKER
were all safe when Rover was on
guard.
The next day the children had a great
time playing upon the beach. They
helped to find wood for the camp fire
and took turns washing and wiping
dishes. A friend in San Francisco
added to their pleasure by sending a
donkey out to the beach for the little
girls to ride. On the animals back,
while their mother rode or walked by
them, they explored Golden Gate Park
frum one end to the other. They saw
the buffaloes, fed the deer, admired the
beautiful birds in the aviary, visited
and rowed upon Stow Lake, amused
themselves with the queer things in the
museum, mamma always going with
them and having as much pleasure out
of all the sights and experiences as the
little girls had.
Many delightful days they all had at
the beach. The little girls waded when
the water was calm, in the little waves
that ran over the sand. When it was
necessary to go to San Francisco to
get fruit or meat or fish mamma took
the girls along and so they became
familiar with many of the sights of
the great city. They went Into the
museum of the Academy of Sciences
and saw the mastodon and many other
curios. They called upon the Mayor
and the Chief of Police and were taken
all over the City Hall. They climbed
to the top of Telegraph Hill and rode
to all parts of the city on the cable
cars. When they were from the camp
Rover kept every one away.
One day Margie, the younger of the
two girls, found a porkctbook <>n the
shore. It was full of money and pa
pers.
"See, Katie," said Margie In triumph,
"here is the gold we need to make
mamma a present pf a new dress for
giving us such a fine vacation outing."
But the little girls new that they
must try t<> find the >wner of the
purse for it would not bo honest to keep
the money without trying to restore it
to the rightful owner.
The next day the owner appeared.
Margie saw him, a gray-haired man,
as he was walking along the sand.
Margie ran out and asked him if he
was looking for something. He de-
THE ROC CARRYING SI KAVANAGH AND HIS PARENTS OFF TO BAGDAD FROM SAN FRANCISCO.
scribed the purse and then Margie ran
to her little bed and brought it to the
gentleman.
The owner of the purse found out
from Margie what she jsvould have done
with the money if she had not found
the owner. He smiled and went his
way, but, on the day following, mam
ma's new dre.ss was sent to the tent
on the beach and with it weje two
smaller dress patterns, one for each of
the girls.
Mamma was surprised and so were
Margie and Katie. They still have the
dresses that were won by their hon
esty.
HER DIZZY FEET,
A little girl who lives out in the Mis
sion, so writes her mother, ciectrilieil the
family not long ago by a quaint and un
expected answer. The little girl had been
sitting upon her feet and the blood stop
ped circulating.
"What is the matter. May." asked the
mother, "are your feet asleep? '
"No, mamma." said the child, "I specs
that they ara dlzzv."
SINBAD AND THE ROC'S EGG.
A queer little boat, having on board
a very queer captain and as queer a
cargo, entered the Bay of San Fran
cisco through the Golden Gate one sun
ny forenoon, and came to an anchor off
Meigga wharf. The customs officers
and the quarantine authorities, when
they went on board to ask questions,
were told that the master of the ves
sel was Sir.bad the Sailor; that he came
straight from Bagdad; that his cargo
consisted of one large egg from Bag
dad, and that he came with his cargo
all the way from Bagdad to find Si
Kavanagh on Telegraph Hill, San
Francisco.
His boat, which was no larger than
the lateen sailed fishing boats that are
so common in San Francisco, was The
Good Haroun Alraschid, and her home
port was Bagdad. An Arab had to be
found to interpret what was said. He
came with a turban upon his head and
to him Sinbad talked freely. Sinbad's
story was so queer that the Mayor
thought thot he should be sent up to
the asylum at Napa, because he was
insane. But the Arab who interpreted
said that Sinbad was all right. So he
was allowed to go about as he wished.
He found Si Kavanagh on Telegraph
Hill without much search, for all the
boys and girls upon the hill knew Si.
There was no boy who was more likely
than was Si to receive a visit from Sin
bad, for Si was always reading or talk
ing about "The Arabian Nights," and
believed that many of the stories were
true that he read. He did not seem a
bit surprised when Sinbad found him.
He shook hands, and men, recollecting
who Sinbad really was, and wishing to
do the proper thing, made a salaam,
until his forehead nearly touched the
dual of the Filbert-street hill. At this
Sinbad seemed much pleased.
Sinbad and Si had many confidential
talks, during three days. The upshot
of this was that, w r orking together,
they managed to push the large egg to
Si's father's barn on the hill. The next
■ lay Sinbad disappeared as suddenly as
he had first appeared.
Si and all of his friends were watch
ing as Shibad hoisted his sails. The old
mariner waved his right hand to Si,
then suddenly seemed to remember
something that, up to that time, he had
forgotten, reached into a sack that lay
in a locker and drew therefrom a can
dlestick of rusty brass and threw it
ashore. Then Sinbad and Sinbad's
boat seemed to melt into the air. One
glance at him was all that any of the
Telegraph Hill boys and girls had. He
did not sail away — he just vanished—
all at once.
Si did not appear to be astonished. In
fact he was not. He had read of just
such Happenings a hundred times, and
he was glad that his boy and girl
friends, who had always laughed at
him, should see a real disappearance
that was like magic.
He noticed that they did not laugh
at him on this occasion. He lost no
time in going to the shore of the bay
to get the candlestick that Sinbad had
thrown ashore. He did not see it at
first, but he said some words and then
he- found it. The words sounded some
thing like this:
<ss^><9><s.<s <J.<S<S><£<3><S><s><s>^<s><S><s><»><?>
<s> <3>
<*> Zlnk-a-pan, Zunk-a-pan, zank-a-pan-- <p
««> 7.1.1. <6>
<s> Seventh son of seventh son— good old <*>
<* Slnbad. . <S>
••*> Spank the moon— the sun— shin up <g>
<!> a star— <§>
<«> S. F.. Cal., 'Ninety ate— 'rah! 'rah! <s>
<•> 'rah', 'rah! <J>
<i> . ■ <3>
<*>3>3> < $><£ < ? > <§ > '£ < 3 > 3 >^ < S >< S > '$ < £ < S >< S> < &<s'
Si's egg took up a larg** space in Si's
barn. Si and Sinbad had put It on
the side that abuts against Tom Kee
gan's big steam boiler. The heat from
the boiler kept the egg- warm. The
people on the hill asked Si when he
was going to invite all the town to
have an omelet with him, but Si only
smiled and kept his own counsel as
to what he expected to do with the
egg.
I suspect that he told his mother, for
she let him stay at home from school
several weeks. His father did not
know anything about this, only he
found Si in the barn one day. looking
intently at the egg, and questioned
him. Ido not believe that any boy
ever was taken sick so suddenly and
so violently as Si then was. His father
looked a little incredulous and made
Si take a stiff dose of castor oil on
the spot. The funniest part of it was
that Si, who usually pave a war whoop
like an Apache Indiai. when he was
asked to take any kind uf medicine,
took the castor oil meekly, and rather
looked as if he really would like a lot
more of the same medicine. This con
vinced Si's pa at once, and he thought
that Si must really be sick enough to
stay at home from school. It was
wonderful how Si brightened up after
his father had gone away.
"Castor oil is the thing," Si's pa
said at noon. "I believe that I will
give Si another dose." Before he could
carry out this threat Si managed to
hide in the barn—and tne castor-oil
bottle was not emptied for his bene
fit.
It was on a bright Saturday morn
ing, when all the children on the hill
were home from school, that Si rushed
In from the barn, in a condition of
great excitement, to find his mother
and tell her some neww. His mother,
who was a great believer in Si, in
stantly shared, in his excitement.
Throwing a shawl over her hCad she
ran out to the barn in such haste that
the neighbors wondered what was
happening and came over to see. But
they found that the barn door had been
locked on the inside, and :vj they went
away without learning any news.
As they performed their daily tasks
they heard strange sounds w hich pro
ceeded from the barn. There were a
scrips of sharp cracks, as if some
mighty power was ripping sheets of
boiier Iron apart by main strength.
Then there were other sounds.
"Sure." said Mrs. Brannigan. "I'd
think that there were forty ostriches
in the barn— and that all of them were
peeping at once."
Out from the barn came Si and his
mother, carefully locking the door af
ter them and looking very proud. Si
mounted guard and would not so much
as let a child peep through the cracks
of the barn. This made all the hill
THE CASTLE OF BLOCKS.
" My castle, papa, quick, come see !"
Thus said my little boy one day;
A house of blocks as tall as he
He'd fashioned in his pretty play.
The tiny man through castle door
Peeped out, and — augury of renown —
A sunbeam, dancing o'er the floor,
Laid on his curls its golden crown.
Flushed was his face with joy and pride,
As dreamed he of great things to be.
But I? I, selfish, inly eried —
His castle might be far from me !
Oh, gentle lad with winsome eyes,
Time's magic touch will mar my joy,
Though' it may bid your towers arise
When — you're no more my little boy !
boil with curiosity. Si would not an
swer a question. Neither would his
mother. His father was taken into
the secret as soon as he came home.
He looked as happy as a king and
slapped Si on his back. Then he re
collocted how he had dosed SI with
castor oil, and he laughed until the
tears chased down his good-natured
face.
The secret leaked out, as all neigh
borhood secrets will. A bad boy named
Smith cut a hole through the side of
the barn, when no one was looking,
and took a long peep at the interior.
He then told all the Tdovs that there
■was a bird in the barn that was pok
ing its head up into the barn loft and
pulling down hay by the bale and grain
by the sack to eat, and it was so- big
a bird that it had to stoop to keep, its
head from striking the roof.
Of course none of the Hoys b«-lieA r ed
this astonishing story, not until they
had all stolen peeks. Then they know
that it was so Si made a haifui <>C
money the next day selling peeks at his
strange bird — through the barn. He
tried U) go into the barn once, but the
bird made a lunge for him. and he ran
out frightened. His father also went
into the barn, but had to run to save
his life.
The next day there was too much ex
citement. There was a sound of break
ing glass, and the next minute that big
bird poked his head out through the
barn roof and gave out a threatening
cry. Then terrific blows were dealt
against the sides of the barn from the
inside, and the boards flew off in
splinters in every direction. The people
were now chained with horror to the
place. As they gazed eagerly they saw
the barn rock upon its foundations.
Then the big bird got a full play for ita
wir.gs and flew away with the frame or
the barn around its neck, spilling out
the horse and cow into the bay as it
Hew out toward the Golden Gate.
Si was the only one who did not lose
his head. He ran into the house and
found the rusty old brass candlestick
that Sinbad had cast ashore as he
sailed away. Si rubbed this ana
pointed it at the bird, which was really
a roc, such as you have read about in
the "Arabian Nights." The roc uttered
a loud scream and flew back to shore
and landed at the Presidio. The sol
diers fired at the roc, but when taey
saw the bullets, after striking the roc,
come bounding back at them, and at
the same speed with which the bullets
had left their rifles, they all ran away.
Si once more rubbed his candlestick
and wished, and he and his father and
mother were at the Presidio as quick
as thought, and there they were in
stanter.
"What does this mean, Si?" asked
Si's father, in a dazed way, as SI
brought him from the officers' quarters
a major-general's uniform to put on,
with a lot of gilt lace on it and a sword
to wear and a major-general's hat.
"It means," said Si, "that we are go
ing: to Bagdad to live, and I want you
to have some style about you."
Si put on a brigadier-general's uni
form, that he might appear with credit
before the Caliph of Bagdad.
One more rub of the candlestick and
a car, such as might be used for a fly
ing machine, appeared.
"Wait a minute," said Si, "until I get
a cannon, for we might see pirates on
the way."
The roc now seized the car, into
which Si and his parents had stepped,
and flew away with it. Si having given
the signal to stnrt, and having driven
away the Smith boy. who was trying to
steal a ride. One of the largest of the
cannons from the Presidio was poking
out- of the side of the car to scare pi
rates off. Si was triumphantly waving
a major-general's sword in the direc
tion of Bagdad, with his back turned
to Telegraph Hill.
Si and his parents are now living in.
an enchanted palace in Bagdad, as a
reward for trusting in the stories in
the "Arabian Nights."
Si and his father can wear major
generals' uniforms every day, and Si's
mother sometimes appears on swell oc
casions wearing a sword. <D. H. W.
YOUNG WRITERS IN LINE
Several stories Intended for the
competition between the boy and girl
writers of the Pacific Coast have
been received during the past week. Some
send excellent suggestions, and sugges
tions have been numerous. It is evi
dent that the rivalry will be sharp.
The work produced by the writers
ought to be correspondingly good.
Story-tellers have written the ma
jority of the communications concern
ing the competition, to date. The pref
erence for stories is so marked that it
may be considered as settled that the
boys' page and the girls' page will be
filled with stories. A few poems are in.
It is possibly still too early to finally
fix the date for the close of the compe
tition. Perhaps by the end of one
month from this date the boys and girls
will have their work all done. Is one
month sufficient time?
The Judges of our courts must be
popular among the children. Fully
half of our correspondents think that
they would like to have Superior Court
Judges decide whether the boys or the
girls are the winners. Some writers
mention the names of the Judges pre
ferred by them. Others desire that
educators shall decide, but the race be
tween journalists and wearers of the
judicial ermine for the favor of our
young people is about even.
To each one who intends to write
stories or essays the warning must
again be given— do not make your pro
ductions over 600 words long. Write
only upon one side of the paper. Sign
your name plainly, and give your,
postoffice address. Send only original
matter. "Whether your stories shall be
pure fiction or based upon fact must be
decided by you. All boy and girl
writers will have in mind that the page
that excites the most interest will win,
other things being about equal. In
terest will be the real test.
The first story received in competi
tion for a place upon the boys' page
was written by Frank Harrold 3451
Nineteenth street. San Francisco. He
is entitled to praise for promptness.
It would not be fair to enter
upon many particulars, but it is
due to the young author to say
that he has selected a live topic and
has treated it vivaciously and in an in
teresting manner. The first girl to
compete is Myra Haines, who has neg
lected to furnish her postoffice address.
Promptness in sending in suggestions
and stories for the page will be appre
ciated, for there will be much labor
connected with the reading and judg
ing of the mail sacks full of matter
submitted. But every child is request
ed to write to the end that the boys'
page and the girls' page may both be
representative.
The newest bicycle is made entirely
of glass, even the ball-bearings being
of thlß material, which is exceedingly
hard.MANAGERS, AUTHORS,
PLAYS AND CRITICS.
The stage is always going to the
devil. At regular intervals its moral
ity, art and commerce are attacked and
led by authors, actors, managers,
critic? and other persons interested. No
sooner have the play-goer and the play
shunher reconciled going to the thea
ter at all with a future In the bright
blue beyond than up jumps somebody
who questions any value that the the
ater may have for fine, literate per
even that of mere entertainment,
and waiving all consideration of mor
ality and putting the matter solely on i
the basis of mentality and good taste, j
Like the contemporary actor the con- j
temporary play is always being voted
Inferior to that of yesterday. Yet when
the manager offers yesterday's play in
anything like its original form — that
is to say. without the millionaire scenic
and sartorial investiture that is the basis
of most revivals of the "classics" now
adays -he gets slim encouragement.
There are people who sigh for the old
days of the stock company with Its
lightning change of bill and its versa
tile actors. Yet, how are the stock per
formances, hastily put together, taken
off almost before they are in the first
stages of secure acting, to cope with the
modern production that runs on oiled
wheels, with its actors selected for
their specialized skill in depicting the
physical and mental attributes of their
■i tive parts? This is a day of
"productions;" of long runs. There is
hardly a manager or an actor-manager
— with theconspicuousexceptions of Au
gustin Daly and Richard Mansfield —
whose foremost ambition is not to se
cure a play that will run nothing short
of an entire season.
And it can be said for most of the big
managers — the Frohmans in partic
ular — that they seldom produce a play
without going to an initial expenditure
that can be made profitable only by a
long run. When a play goes on at, say,
the Lyceum or the Empire and lasts
but a couple of weeks, the situation
becomes pecuniarily serious.
On the other hand, the long run sys
tem does not seem — in the long run — to
be conducive to the finest act
ing or to the finest play-writing.
The actor, sooner or later, as the per
formances pile up from the fifties to
the hundreds, loses the nervous excite
ment of his part. He may work ener
getically enough, but with a mechanical
energy In which his brains practically
take a vacation. You may recall the
second appearance here of Mr. H&ckett
and others of the Lyceum Company in
"The Prisoner of Zenda," and the
ghastly difference between that per
formance and the previous one. With
the English and American play- writers —
and only considering the best of them —
the goal, too, would seem to be instan
taneous popularity and profit. It is a
druji .luthcf tn- day who would not
cheerfully discount his hopes of "re
vival" and place in a modern classical
repertory for the Juicy plum of imme
diate success. In the absence of mod
ern English and American master
pieces, the author and the manager
-^iumphantly find no demand for them,
and so Justify their respective medi
ocrity and commercial enterprise,
■which, they say, with incontestable
truth, are what the most of the public
WJi ItfS.
'■It is all well enough for you news
paper chaps, who live comfortably by
commenting on our risk and toil, to
point to higher ideals and hungry pos
terity,' 1 the manager find the author
can say, "but we can't do that sort of
thing all by ourselves. A well-regulat
ed theater requires a certain number of
persons in the auditoriam, Just as it
does on the stage — and, anyway, how
do you know that you would recognize
a real play if we should produce one?
How many of you have agreed on Ib
sen, on Suderman? Some of you are
even decrying Shakespeare! Why
ehould we set about pandering to your
various caprices when we have trou
bles of our own catering to the big
paying public that supports us? And
Isn't it a succession of these paying
publics that makes posterity?"
In putting words in the mouths of the
manager and the author I have tried
to enter sympathetically into the best
of their practical views. I have come
to sympathize with the manager, even
■with those of him who recognize only j
two distinctions in criticism— "good no- j
AMUSEMENTS.
*-r A r-T A T~^ -TO-NIGHT-
i* ALCAZAR. frln^e.
To-Morrow p eop ll l a I N : THE
(Monday) Night WRIGHT HUNTINGTON
N.C. GOODWIN'S WILLIAM PASCOE,
Comedy Success, WALLACE SHAW,
A ' FRANK DENETHORNE,
A CHAS. P. BATES,
FRANK COOLEY,
Gilded CHAS BRYANT
U U FRANK FANNING,
Pnol I MRS. F. M. BATES,
I V^^l. FLORIDA KINGSLEY,
SSilS&im GERTRUDE FOSTER,
15c, 25c, 35c. 50c. MARIE HOWE.
RACING.' RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Winter Meeting:. 1897-98, Beginning MONDAY,
March 7, to March 19. Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
RACING MONDAY, TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY,
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY. /
RACES START AT 2:15 P. M. SHARP.
Ferry boats leave San Francisco at 12 m.
and 12:30, 1:00; 1:30 2:00. 2:30 and 3 p. m.,
connecting with train stopping at the entrance
to track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell
Mound. Returning— Trains leave the track at
4:15 and 4:45 p. m., and immediately after the
tJaat race. THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. Pres.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary. ______
HI VMDI A Corntr of Mf«on «nl ■
ULYiYIF'IA Ed(J/ S(f<M , u
America's Most Beautiful Music Hall. t
Great new bill of artIsu— ARNELDO, STAR-
KEY 4 RATHBUN. SIMONS, CECIL
MARION, SENORITA INEZ, MLLE. AN-
TONETTE. MILLER. PUNTA. and others.
Admission tree. _;. ~;:\
BY ASHTON STEVENS.
tices" and "bad notices." You see,
here in San Francisco, in the higher
priced theaters, management is hardly
all that the word implies. We are usu
ally a long way from the author and
the premiere. Messrs. Friedlander,
Gottlob and Marx have something to
say in the Frawley productions, but for
most of the season they are practically
station agents for the productions of
other managers. Their business begins
and stops at a percentage of the box
office receipts. And it is not to be sup
posed that they regard with kindness
any criticism, no matter how consci
entiously discriminate, that tends to
make these receipts any less than (in
their opinion) they might have been
had the writer been more economical
with (in his opinion) the truth. Long
ago I came to the conclusion that it
w r as not in the managerial nature to
10-ve a critic at all times. Ten first
nights might come round, of which the
critic would write columns and col-
umns of sweet praise, and be much
beloved by the manager. And then
would come the fatal eleventh, which
would be dispraised with almost the
same enthusiasm and candor; and at
this the management would forget that \
the poor critic had once snuggled in his
heart and would greet his beamful
smiles with chill politeness; and the lit- I
tie local dramatic paper with a circu
lation of every box-office in town would
come out the following Saturday and
?all the despised critic and his paper all
sorts of terrible things. And if this be
thus here, where only a temporary en
gagement is at stake, where a good
show may come the next week and wipe
away the stains of transient failure, >
how must it be in New York, where
the first presentation is supposed to de- j
termine the American career of the
piece? In what precious esteem, do
you imagine, is the critic who writes
his own opinions held in the metropo
lis?
No two crafts could be more opposed
to one another than are the producer's
and the receiver's in the present cir
cumstances of the drama. The sole
aim of the most powerful of the man
agers is money-getting. The plays
which make the most money are most
ly those that are inartistic and vulgar.
The most powerful of the managers
are men inartistic and vulgar, to whom
the drama is a department of trade.
The critics — at least Buch in New York
as write for the Commercial Advertiser,
AMUSEMENTS. . .
■j&B^^ ■ San Francisco, Cal., Estab. 1 887
GUSTAV y WAt/TER. ''Director General.
WEEK COMMENCING IMONDAY, MARCH 7th.
TWELVE GREAT ACTS ... ECLIPSING ALL PREVIOUS BILLS.
RT • THQI7 U JLl3i xHa A JL Ju
Comprising R. J. JOSE, the Celebrated Contra-Tenor. -
FRED RYCROFT, First Tenor, T^l^f^TT W. R. MAXWELL, Barytone,
E, F. GORMAN, Second Tenor, 1■ ; "tfSi^L? I W. H. BROWN, Basso,
JOSEPHINE: SABEL,
The Clever, VlTuioa* Chanteuse, Introducing Greater New York's Latest Sensation,
"THE HUMAN MUSIC-SHEET," 50 — Colored Vocalists— so
WEBB & HASSAN I SMITH & COOK
World's Greatest Acrobats and Head Balancers. ' Acrobatic Comedians and Grotesque Dancers.
w— ■ v ' 1" TrVIIVT/^\rri -i^ Fantastic Delineator
f""^ f^J ■ 3 1 l^d V^ W* ST^ fy, and Crayon Artist.
"JOE and NELLIE DONER SMART & WILLIAMS
, Eccentric Bketeh Team: Colored Comedians. .
LINA PANTZER GEO. W. DAY WHITNEY BROS.
■ de Fil-de-rer. Fin-de-Bieele Story-Teller. . Musical Artists.
MATINEE TO-DAY, Sunday, March 6. 3 " 1Oc;
Last Aypearanco of JILSOK ft EBBOL, THE BIOOBAPH, DAKMAN TBOUPE .nd MAUDE BEALL PRICE.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH G, 1898.
; the Times, the Tribune and the Even
■ ing Post — are refined, literate men. who
: still believe in the relationship of lit
; erature and the drama.
The other afternoon in Charles Froh
' man's own Empire Theater, at the an
; nual benefit of the Twelfth Night Club,
! Helena Modjeska delivered an address,
I of which the following is part:
For a long time the members of our
' craft were tabooed and were looked upon
jas tramps. To-day, happily, the case is
different; in a preat part the personal |
prejudice has disappeared. Actors and
actresses can enjoy common social rights
and even respect. But one point remains
dark, especially in this country, and it is
the most important. To a great number
of people the stage itself does not rep
resent a noble art, but only a vulgar
place of amusement. An exhibition of
trained monkeys and dogs, or a prand
artistic performance by Mansfield, hy
Jefferson, by Irving, by Sarah Hernhardt,
Duse, Coquelin, and so many delightful
actors and actresses, all alike are con
sidered as "shows" ofa higher and lower
degree. The reason of this sad prejudice
lies probably in the increasing importance
of material and commercial considera
tions which overwhelm the modern world,
and which have come to react also in a
paramount way upon theatrical matters.-
I heard lately that a well-known specu
lative manager expressed the oninion that
dramatic companies or dramatic stars
ought to be treated as so many pieces of
dry goods in a shop. I dare say that the
man may be right from his own business
standpoint, but I confess that it is a
humiliating prospect for us artists to be
valued at so much a yard.
And there you are, wedged. Taking
the manager at his own valuation, a
tradesman, you cannot blame him for
making the cunning best of his oppor
tunities. And the public is with him.
Taking the artists at their own valua
tion, lovers of art— and here you rr.ust
take the critic with them — you car not
blame them for rebelling when they
see that art not only mutilated and
soiled in representation, but unuer
valued and misunderstood by the easy
going public, upon whose support its
fortune and quality depend.
ASHTON STEVENS.
To-morrow night Josephine Sabel re
turns to the Orpheum with the Hu
man Music Sheet in choral attendance.
The Human Music Sheet was intro
duced, in all its imperfections, to San
Francisco a few weeks ago by jolly
Nellie McHenry at the California The
ater. Miss Sabel promises the real
thing with fifty coons for notes and a
tuneful result. This turn has been re
vived in the East by Anna Held, whose
managers claimed for it originality
until Lew Dockstadter rose to prove
that he had given it to the world many
years before, and "dat ain't no lie."
Dockstadter is indulging in a revival of
the same turn.
' AMUSEMENTS. ; , _ .
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mas. EK3.KBTIXE KKELTXG. Proprietor & Manager
- THIS EVENING——-
The Brilliant Musical Comedy, '^a;
THE ' ■■ ■.
GEISHA!
A story of a tea-house." ' '
HAPPY JAPAN-GARDEN OF GLITTER.
The Prettiest Production of ' the Year.
On account of unsatisfactory telephone serv-
Ice no orders for seats will be received here-
after. "Popular" Prices 25c and DOc
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
EXTRA !
SAN FRANCISCO SYMPHONY SOCIETY.
FRITZ SCHEEL, Musical Director. ,
EIGHTH CONCERT. -
HENRI MARTEAU, the Great French Vio-
linist.
GOETZ'S SYMPHONY, Tachalkowsky's
Italian Caprice." '. "";■...•. -
PRICES, Includlni? Reserved Seat, $1 50, %\
and 75c. i Sale of Seats Commences ' Monday
Morning, March 7, at.Tlvoll Opera House. .
UNION WING PARK
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY,
March sth and 6th.
Great open event for fifty-eight all-age grey-
hounds, $500 purse added by association. '-_\ ,
Also SPECIAL MATCH RACE between
"Master Jack" and "O'Grady," for |IQy purse,
best two of three courses.
Coursing Commences — SATURDAY, 1:30;
SUNDAY, 11:30.
Take: Southern Pacific:. trains, leaving Third
and Townsend j and Twenty- fifth and Valencia
streets. Saturday, ; 11:30. and ,12:43 (special).
Sunday, 11 (special), . 11:30 and 1:30 " (special).
Returning train leaves at 6 p.. m. and imme-
diately after last course. : Round trip fare, 25
cents.
. Also San Mateo electric cars, transferring to
and from the Market Street System.: .
Admission, 25 cents; Ladies, free. ;^ ■ ;
Arrangements already have been
completed at the Fifth Avenue Theater
by which three of Ibsen's plays will be
presented this week by Elizabeth Kob
bins, the young Ibsen missionary, who
did such signal work in London. The
plays selected are "The Master Build
er," "Hedda Gabler" and "A Doll's
House." This will be the most impor
tant Ibsen week ever played in New
York, and the outcome is a matter of
serious interest. Unquestionably Ib
sen is the greatest of the modern dra
matists, and it would be a pity if all
America should lose the chance of in
timacy with his plays through a repe
tition of the silly hostility that has been
offered previous productions by the
critics of the sensational dailies.
The stage version of Thackeray's
"Henry Esmond" was tried on Roches
ter the other night by Mr. Sothern and
his company. The sincerity of the
play is said to be largely marred by
marrying in the last act the characters
who are known in the novel as Esmond
and Beatrix.
"The Cat and the Cherub" has been
cut to a half hour's performance at the
Harlem Opera House.
The new play by the author of
"Magda" is a fairy drama in verse
called "The Three Heron Feathers."
Baldwin.
To-morrow night the Bostonians will
begin the last week of their engage
ment at the Baldwin with a version of
"Rip Van Winkle" new to San Fran
cisco and written by Dr. Jules Jordon.
The composer is said to have given the
old legend of Sleepy Hollow a simple
musical setting and to have defined
Washington Irving's quaint character
of Rip Van Winkle rather more clearly
AMUSEMENTS. _^
mc&mMi cmatrt A HOT TIME!
1
BEGINNING TO-MORROW (MONDAY), MARCH 7,
l 1 illNpi (V WPin n
i ItllllllUUU \m I! JLJUi U
BIG MINSTRELS!
GEORGE H. PRIMROSE, America's Greatest Minstrel ;■■:
GEORGE WILSON, Prince of Comedians ;.
E. M. HALL, Famous Banjoist, and \
. . . . .40 OTHERS. . . •.
«f-Grand Carriage Street Parade From Theater To-Morrow (Monday), at 11:30 A. M.
COMING.... 1.'.... The Dig Production, "1482." V. . \
■ ' f&IDLANDtB COIUOB BCsui9titt«MMi« . .
Beginning To-morrow, Monday, > March 7. —
■ Fourth and Last Week,
The Famous - Original ,' ~ : •. r : 1
<=«?- BOSTONIANS -\®^-
■Monday and Tuesday— Time Here-
Jules Jordan's Version— "RlP VAN WIN-
KLE " Wednesday— "THE SERENADE."
Remainder of Week— "ROBIN HOOD." - .
Monday, March The Mysterious Mr. Bugle.
SHE MUST STAY IN THE CITY!
CHIQUITA
IS RE-DEMANDED FOR ANOTHER WEEK
AT ' . ' ' .;■■..■"■ -•':;..
THES 'CHUTES
Every Afternoon and Evening, Rain or Shine.
A great Vaudeville bill ;in the Free Theater.
10c to all, including Vaudeville; children, »c .
"LOOK OUT FOR ". THE ' %
T g\f\ An Amusement Event
•■ : ~ £Li\J\J In California's History.
than has been attempted in other ver
sions of the opera. "Rip Van Winkle"
will be mounted with the same atten
tion to details of costume and scenery
which characterizes all the productions
of the Bostonians, and will be sung by
a specially selected cast. The title part
will be played by Henry Clay Barna
bee, and Jessie Bartlett Davis is cast for
two parts — Katrina, the wife of Rip
Van Winkle, and Morgana, Queen of
the Fairies. Alice Neilson will play
Minna, Rip's daughter; William E.
Philp, Granier, Minna's lover; Harry
Brown, Vanderdonck, Rip's chum;
Grafton Baker, Vedder; Charles R.
Hawley Hendrik Hudson, and Harry
Dale the Gnome.
"Rip Van Winkle" will be repeated
on Tuesday night; on Wednesday night
"The Serenade" will be revived, and
the ever-popular "Robin Hood" is
billed for the balance of the week.
Columbia.
Primrose and West's minstrels open
a two weeks' engagement to-morrow
night at the Columbia Theater with
large promises of a good company,
clever people, new songs, new jokes
and new specialties. The company in
cludes George H. Primrose, George
Wilson and Ernest Tenny, comedians;
E. M. Hall, ban joist; Manuel Romain,
sweet singer of songs mostly his own;
the Quaker City Quartet in a sketch
called "The Musical Blacksmiths"; the
Seymours, acrobats; the Waterbury
Brothers and Tenny, a clever musical
combination, which has been heard
here before; the Ben Mowatt Trio, who
juggle Indian clubs and a long list of
others.
Morosco's.
H. Grattan Donnelly's play, "The
Woman in Black," will be seen here for
the first time to-morrow night at Mo
rosco's. It is a play, according to the
press agent, something on the Trilby
order in plot, the element of mesmerism
being- employed by the villains to ac
complish their felonious designs upon
the person and fortune of Stella Ever
ett, the heroine. Stella is hypnotized
by a weird female known as Madame
Zenda, but before the schemes of vil
lainly fully mature Madame Zenda dis
covers that the scoundrelly uncle who
has employed her dark arts is the man
who has wronged her and robbed her
of her only son, long years ago in the
Western States. She accordingly foils
him in his designs, and makes the hero
and heroine happy. The hero is of
course a no-ble and successful foil for
the villains, who are attempting to de
feat him in a political race for Con
gressional honors. Tammany Hall,
rock-rollers and other city types are
said to lend character and Interest to
the play.
Alcazar.
The bill for the coming week at the
Alcazar will be "The Gilded Fool," the
play which Henry Guy Carleton wrote
for Nat Goodwin and in which Nat
Goodwin made fame for himself and
Henry Guy Carleton. The play is well
known East, West and abroad, and
the story— for the benefit of those who
may not have seen it — is based upon
a spider and fly game of an unscrupu
lous broker to secure the fortune of a
rich young man of leisure, with which
to tide an insolvent firm over its finan
cial difficulties. Chauncey Short is the
rich young man of leisure, in love with
COLUMBIA THEATER. ;v
TO NIGHT— LAST TIME— The Accomplished
Actress MARIE WAINWRIGHT. In the Suc-
cessful Domestic Drama, • "SHALL WE FOR-
GIVE HER?" ' •■ ■ - - " ' * ■• **V ..'■-' -•* 1
Monday. PRIMROSE * WEST'S MINSTRELS."
Y. M. C. A. AUDITORIUM.
; Cor. Mason and Ellis sta. ; ;
Ml :,V-V® •-'••'-'■■'. 2—2 — "'-'g^^ :
A; VIOLIN RECITALS
£ i SATURDAY AFTERNOONS,
* > MARCH I+"> AND' fQ
F •, •••.•••/*& -••••; IzsTm :
~T / Assisted by
uj AIME 7 LACHAUME, Pianist;
. Reserved Seats,*' sl 50, 'at the San Francisco
Music Store, 225-Sutter at., above Kearny. On
sale to-ninrrow. -•; "i .'■;-■.; '
DlrectJoa— HßNßT WOLFSOHN- --".;.',
Margaret Ruthven, daughter of the
senior and honorable member of the
insolvent firm. Bannister Strange is
his junior and tricky partner, through
whose gambling speculations the firm
has been brought to the verge of ruin.
Aware of Short's love for Margaret,
Strange uses her as a catspaw to ob
tain an advance of funds, which he im
mediately invests in a wildcat deal,
trusting to realize enough to meet the
immediate obligations of the firm. He
loses everything and Short, who ha 3
been looked upon as a gilded fool, sud
denly develops singular business sagac
ity, realizes largely from the same
speculation, settles Mr. Ruthven's in
debtedness, becomes his business part
ner, marries U! ~ daughter, and leaves
Strange to the mercies of a detective,
who, in the guise of a missionary, has
been following up the scheming broker
for a crime committed years before.
TiVoli.
"The Geisha" will enter the second
week of its reproduction at the Tiv-
Opera-house to-morrow evening. This
clever musical comedy, which has
scored a second success, is one
of its previous fifty-night run, is one
of the best of the Tivuli's conscientious
productions, and there is no evidence of
any lack of appreciation among the Ti
voli audiences. The cast is the same
as heretofore, with the exception of Mr.
John J. Raffael, who takes Robert Dun
bar's place as Lieutenant Fairfax.
Next Thursday e\ening Miss Helen
Merrill will make her first appearance
in the title role of "The Geisha." Since
her last appearance at this house Miss
Merrill has been with several com
panies and played many roles with
great success. After the run of "The
Geisha" the roaring musical comedy,
"The Widow O'Brien," will be given
with a host of novel features.
Orpheum.
'. string of new attractions an
nounced at the Orpheum for this week
includes Rudh-off, who styles himself
"The Royal Society Entertainer," and
is expected to give a novel and inter
esting turn, a feature of which is what
he terms smoked pictures. It is said
that he secures some very artistic ef
fects in black and white, and also that
his rendering of coon songs, with.
French accent, is very funny. "The
Human Music Sheet," which is now a
popular vaudeville feature in the East,
will be produced at the Orpheum to
night. Fifty coons will appear in this
production, with their heads taking the
place of notes on the music sheet, while
they give the corresponding intona
tions and thus furnish the chorus to
the songs of Josephine Sabel. Miss
Sabel is already well known to Or
pheum audiences as a vivacious chan
teuse. The urpheum advertises a star
attraction in the Jose Quintet, which
Assistant Director Morrisey says is by
far the best act of its kind on the vau
deville stage. Smith and Cook, in a
comedy skit entitled "Mickey and I";
Webb and Hassan, head and head bal
ancers and novelty acrobats, represent
the other new features, and held over
from last week are the Whitney Broth
ers, Joe and Nelie Doner, Smart and
Williams, George W. Day, Maude Beall
Price and Lina Pantzer.
Symphony.
The eighth concert of the Symphony
Society— which takes place at the Ti
voli on Thursday afternoon, and at 3:15
sharp, owing to a lengthy programme
offers the first soloist of the season in
Henri Marteau, the young French vio
linist. Marteau made quite a sensa
tion in \ New York several years ago,
after which he returned to Paris, where
he was promptly drafted_to serve his
time in the French army. He waa
honorably discharged and with shorter
hair, played again in New York seve
ral months ago.
Mr. Henderson of the Times compli
ments him in these terms:
"Marteau plays with the same dash
and vigor as of old. There is a fresh
ness, a bttoyant enthusiasm, in his
playing which is delightful and con
tagious. You find yourself in a glow
when he has finished such a piece of.
sustained vigor as his performance of
the first movement yesterday. His tone
is lovely, his phrasing musical, and his
bowing is full of vitality. Marteau has
gained in assurance, in authority' of
style since he was here before."
This is the entire programme: Eine
Faust Ouverture, Wagner; concerto for
violin in G minor, Bruch: symphony
op. 9, Herman Goetz; sonata for vio
lin alone, Bach; Capriccio Italien,
Tschaikowsky. ;..-■.-
Marteau will play again at the Young
Men's Auditorium, on Saturday after
noon, March 12, assisted by Aime La
chaume, the well-known pianist, who
has performed here before with several
eminent violinists.
Ghutes.
Chaquita is anonunced for another ami
positively "last" week at the Chutes.
The vaudeville bill in the Free Theater
includes the Jacksons, cake walkers;
the three Albions, burlesque acrobats;
Eva Brandt, contortion dancer; Fenton,
a hand equilibrist; Al Hazard, ventrl
oquist, and new pictures by the chute
oscope. __^
Olympia.
The new attractions at the Olympia
are: Mullen and Ward, in a novelty
boxing turn; Signorita Inez, balladist;
Mile. Antoinette, gaiety dancer, and
Julius Simons, counter-tenor.
AMUSEMENTS.
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE;
Walter Moroaco Sole Lessee and Manager
'-•I ' Last Two Performances of
"SAVED FROM THE SEA."
Commencing To-morrow, March 7, First Pro-
, duction of H. Grattan Donnelly's New
American Drama, ■
THE \A/O/V\/\N IN BLACK.
A Lesson in the Mysteries of Hypnotism.
Exciting Incidents of a : Hot Political Cam-
paign. The Most Exciting Comedy Sensation
of the Day. Evening Prices, 10c, 25c, 50c.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday. •
GRAND PRIZE
MASQUERADE BALL
—OF THE—
VEREIN EINTRACHT,
Mechanics' Pavilion,
SATURDAY - - - MARCH 12, /898
' ■ ';■ \ '.'■: ADMISSION, $1. '
Grand • March Represents the California and
- i» . -'!'<*■■:'-. Klondike Gold Mines.
The '-'Opening - Performance, Consisting iof
Building' Pyramids by Acrobats, and Ballet
Girls' Fancy; March, with Flags Swinging.
. Reserved Seats BOc ; extra at . WILLIAM
SCHEPPLER'B, 1071- Market at. /; .■.-..- ■
00 000000 00 00000000
g-F PALACE "-«S
% GRAND HVTmtm*
jl SAN FRANCISCO.
W Connected by a. covered passageway. '>'
° 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attached. O -
O •' ■ all Under One ' Management. ."' O .
O ; '" > NOTE THE REDUCED PBICEB : ; .:_ Q
n European Plan.Sl.OO per day and upward ft
w American Plan. B*3. OO per day and upward ** .
© ■ ■ •'" Correspondence ; Solicited. : ■- v j) ©
O ; JOHN C. KIRKPATHICK, >'« q
00000000000000000o >
2728
TEACHERS AND SCHOOLS
In Alameda City there are this year
eight Bchools, Including the High School.
Oi this number two are ungraded, one
.: of sixteen pupils being situated on
Bay Farm [stand. Beside* the sixty-nine
regular teachen employed in the depart-
L he city boasts of four special teach
ers two of penmanship, one of drawing
and one of music, m regard to the sub
,:,,.;■,- tea. : • re, we flnd here a diver
. from the ordinary course in vogue
fn other places. Besides the usual list
ot sul rnployed by the day In all
the cities, the Alameda Board ol Bdu
n annually elects two "student teach
who might be called Bpecial sub-
These teacher* are paid a reg
,,! $:;5 per month, and must
be graduates of some normal school or
suitable teacher's certificate.
. r In the city Is k|v<-ji
day once a mouth In which
to *-uti h the progress of education In
the other schools of Alameda, or abroad.
i) and in others the services
■ teachers are In constant
D J suiitvan, the genial city Su
, b man of large experi
ence in school matters and well quali
ii, ,i both by natural gifts and education
. important position he has so
faithfully held the last sixteen years, in
. n« of educational affairs in Ala
nlcda Mr. Sullivan said: "Our mint press
eed at present is a new high ■chool.
thai we could separate the Maignt
school from the latter. Beside* the
llalgnt pupils we also accommodate all our
ninth-grade pupils In the Bame building
;i"..i they receive Instruction on the prin
ciples of h!i,'h school w..rk. Thus the
er of students In the High School,
ling the ninth grade, has been
swelled to 820, and this does not Include
upila of the Height BchooL In order
, i mmodate the latter In the Hisjh
School building it was found necessary
to transfer the children of the sixth,
seventh and eighth grades elsewhere, thus
b about a \ i ry crowded condition
■ her schools. The only remedy
i to build a new high Bchool as Boon as
and then allow the pupils of
the Halght School to re
i i  system of iiif* purchase and dlstri
, school supplies In Alameda
deems particularly successful. In july all
the s.hooi and janitor supplies for the
entire year are bought at once and then
• mcd monthly on requisition mad.'
i.\ the principal of each school. Lists arc
illy prepared and the supplies are
to the various schools by a special
v. igon. 'i -s proves an econom
ical Bystem, and may well he recommend
. the notice of other cities. "We get
d-hat we pay for." said the Superin
tendent, "and we Bee that there is no
. .«f wast,-. We are enabled to pur
suppiles more cheaply than any
d< ; ai tin. m in the State. Because
.-, in large quantities and pay casn.
Everything Is weighed and examined as
as the supplies are brought to the
i. Composition books for bcl
work are furnished free to the
."
One of the most progressive schools in
Alameda Is the Enclnal. whose principal
is Charles C. Hughes, one of Stanford's
brightest graduates. At a recent parents'
and ' eeting In the school, the
Bithjerl of the introduction of sewing Into
rriculum was discussed. Mrs. Mor
row read a very Interesting and forcibly
v i;tt< !i paper on "Teaching Sewing to
Young Girls." One great error of our
modern mothers is that they themselves
• m,any things for their chl.uren in
of taking me required time and
patience to teach the latter to accomplish
their own work. Ten years is early
enough for to learn to sew. <me
lady w:;s greatly in favor of the school
m of sewing, because while she her
self bad both the time and knowledge to
teach them, she found that her nirls
learned more readily and sewed better
when Instructed by an outsider.
Alter discussing the matter pro ajid
Mr. Hughes appointed a committee
of ladles to visit the sewing classes In
the Ban Francisco schools and learn the
methods there, and then the meeting ad
journed until the third Friday of the
present month, when a report will be
made and the subject further discussed.
A CATTfcB COUNTRY SCHOOL.
R"iiiii twelve miles to tho fast of Mount
Hamilton there nestles In the wooded
spurs of the coast range a tiny valley
is almost unknown tO
ire a few hunters. The journey up
from San .lose may be easily made in a
daj by staging <■■ Mount Hamilton and
then on by horseback over a rough coun
trj road. Several high ranges lie be
tween "the mountain" and the San An
tonio Valley, as it is called, and through
FRATERNAL NEWS
ORDER EASTERN STAR.
King Solomon Chapter at its last held
meeting received eight petitions, and Mis- ;
sion Chapter at its next meeting will have
ten candidates to initiate.
Golden Gate chapter will have a dls
trict meeting on the 17th inst. LastThurs- !
day night the members tendered a recep
tion t" .\!v: M.<r> H Lewis, thf pleasant
; Instaking sentinel, who for twenty- i
■is has bee:: a member of the chap-;
ter. She was presented a tribute of affec-
I and was informed that the reception I
i ;; celebration of the anniversary of
her birth in 1827. Of the many kind tilings i
aaid there were none more welcome
to her ears than the assertion that as ,
sentinel she has always been faithful and!
careful.
Harmony Chapter had s short meeting
Friday night, ami at the close there-
Hi the members were entertained with
phonograph recitations, flaming, song
and the nerving of s collation, a very en
joyable time was had by the many who
attended the meeting. There were a
number of visitors from Mission Chapter.
Oak Leaf Chapter will give a children's
part} "ii next Thursday ni^ht. The pre
vious on< " one <>( the very enjoyable
affairs that tins up-to-date chapter knows
how to get up.
Fallen Leaf Chapter of Placervilta gave
a colonial reception on the evening of
Washington's birthday, and. according: to
the local papers, v was a magnificent af
fair. There were at least l"«h> persons
present, and the stately minuet was one
«:•,' the most attractive features. c. h.
Burnham represented th.- father of his
count rj and Mrs. us Morey represent
ed Martha Washington.
THE ( DD FELLOWS.
Frank Perkins, who had been a member
of the order for fifty years and was well
i around the Odd Fellows" quarters,
died a few days sjr.ee and on Friday was*
buried by tile Veterans.
i tanco-American Lodge was visited
last Thursday night by the relief com
mittee. Weat< m Addition Lodge, Golden
West Lodge and Qermania Lodge, and
the occasion was made one of COngTatU
latlos to L. 1. Hcmy of thi> visited lodge,
recently elected to the office of president
ot the relief committee
Unity Encampment on last Friday
uißht paid its annual visit to Golden Rule
i • tnpment. It being the occasion of the
twenty-eighth anniversary of the Institu
tion of the visited encampment. The
grand patriarch and other grand officers
wore present, and ■ very pleasant even
ing as spent.
A new subordinate will soon bo institut
ed at Kings River and another at Le
moore.
THE REBEKAIIS.
California Rebekahs' apron sad necktie i
party on Saturday, the Ktta of February,
was well attended and u.-.s a (Teat social
success, j In addition to the dancing there
was a programme that included a recita
tion by F. W. Jaeghor; vocal solo, Mr.
arito.n; original poem, dedicated to the
lodge, by Jeanctte Harowitx; vocal solo.
Miss Posner; fancy dance, Miss Julia I
JTurptn, and recitation by Dorothy Blum.
Amity Rebekah Lodge held an open I
mooting on the 26th of February, and
there was a very, large attendance. For
the entertainment of those present there
was a piano solo by Miss Fannie Igo;
vocal solo. Miss Helms; recitation, Otto
Herznu: ballad, George Durston; fancy
dance, Alice Bell: vocal duet. Miss Helms
and Miss [go, and sons by Messrs. Han
pen and Price. A pleasant dance pro
crnramo followed the entertainment. This
lodge entertained the relief committee. '
Oriental Itcbekah Lodge and Uuity En- j
I these the road takes its leisurely serpen
: tine way. up and down, in and out. now
creeping down some precipitous mountain
side into the blue depths below, then
winding through rocky canyons where the
little gray squirrels scamper daringly
across the path, until it crawls up the
opposite face of the gorge and finally
' emerge* on the gently sloping flats ol
! the valley. After Mount Hamilton is
; left behind, the vista from a certain
high peak on the eastward trail reveals
many points of Interest. To the far north
San " Francisco Hay stretches its blue
aims landward; In the southwest lies the
; bay of Monterey with a fleecy fog-blanket
. drifting over It, while off to the east
beyond the purple haze of the Joaquln
loom* up the dim outline of the grand
GOING TO SCHOOL IN THE
SEASON.
old ' Sierras. In the valley itself but few
dwellings are seen, these being the Wid '•
scattered cabins oi the cattl< men, built of
! rough-hewn redwood logs.
Dotted over the San Antonio are sturdy
spreading oaks hung with mistletoe, and
sheltering the Btraggling scrub growth
which is the farmer's bane. The- lull
sides are veritable tangles ot manzanlta,
deerbrush and chemisal, so thickly In
terwoven that a horse once off the trail
must break through a new path for him
self. This wilderness Invariably forms
a safe retreat for the rabbits ;md the
whirring Quail frightened by the hunter.
Ip the canyons the feathery pines quiver
above the mountain streams.
In the midst of tins rough country one
comes with surprise upon the pretty little
red mul white building;, which announces
Itself at a glance as the district school
house. It is built of dressed lvi
neatly painted, and its Interior is tlmshed
in natural wood. The light, airy room Is
further adorned with appropriate pic
tures, and on the walls may !>>■ seen the
treasures of the w la gathered by the
children— scarlet leaves, bits of i:
ferns and Bowers and Ki>yi'
feathers. In one corner of the room
stands a neat library containing l4omuch
read volumes and maps; a large modern
globe, improved blackboards, etc., attest
tli.- keen Interest of the mountain trus
tees. One great drawback is the absence
of water from the school grqunds, which
must be dally brought from a well a
quarter of a mil' 1 distant. This duty the
children cheerfully perform, so that cool
water, kept in demijohns encased In Bev
erul thicknesses of wet gunny-sacks, i.-»
never lacking, even on tin- days when the
thermometer registers 90 degrees before
10 o'clock in the morning.
a sturdy, sweet-tempered, rosy-ohook^d
Jot arc these mountain youngsters, ttu<lK
liiK to and fro every 'lay a distance of
several miles, yet never complaining '■(
the heat and dust or of such obstacles as
that shown in the picture where an un
bridged creek had to be crossed after a
sudden freshet in the spring time.
campment and the deputies of the dis
trict last night.
On the Kth of February Mission Re
bekah Lodge was officially visited by
Mrs. M. ECarsner, president of the as
sembly, and other grand officers. There
were present visitors from Yerba Bu< ua
and Occidental lodges of the Odd Pel
tows, and during the evening a very ac
ceptable programme wan presented, a
feature being the selections of the Knick
erbocker quartet. A number of toasts
were responded to at the supper that was
served during tho evening.
THE WORKMEN.
Workman's day at the fair was a de
cided success. A Stirling address was de
livered by W. H. Jordan. P. S. M. W.
The contest by the drill teams for a ban
ner was between Prosperity of this city
and Mount Hamilton of San Jose. The
latter carried off the prize.
Retiring Past Master \V. J. O'Connell
was at the last held meeting of Central
Lodge of Oakland made the recipient of
a handsome Jewel.
A new lodge with twenty-seven mem
bers was Instituted at Montague last
Tuesday, and the same night one was es
tablished at Bebaatopol with thirty-five
members.
Grand Master Vlnter delivered an elo
quent address at a Bohemian given by
South Berkeley Lodge last Friday.
Franklin Lodge en last Friday initialed
a candidate and declared Itself opposed
to the establishment of a home for aged
Workmen at this time on the ground that
the project is not now feasible.
A number of the interior lodges are
making arrangements for the observance
of the anniversary of the order on tho
Ktb. of April.
NATIVE SONS.
Bay City Parlor has arranged for a
grand trolley ride on the evening of the
6ih of April. ?r
A general committee has been organized
at San Jose, with W. J. Klrkpatrlck as
chairman. J. S. Williams vice-chairman,
K. H. I-cltch secretary and W. F. Leuzen
treasurer, to go before the Grand Parlor
and make a contest in behalf of the Gar
den City as the place In which to hold
the next Admission day celebration.
Sequoia Parlor has elected R. w. Mart
land, H. D. Barton and S. A. , White as
delegates to the Grand Parlor. . _
Grand First Viet -President Judge W.
M. Conley will officially visit El Dorado
Parlor next Thursday.
The Native Sons and Daughters had
their t.me at the fair last night. There
was a grand concert by the Sequoia band,
also addresses by George D. Clark, G. P.:
Frank D. Ryan. *rank L. Coombs and
John T. Greaney. past grand presidents;
a poem: a patriotic song by the sons and
daughters and the presentation of a
golden key to the grand president.
THE NATIVE DAUGHTERS.
Last Wednesday night Golden State
Parlor received two applications and was
honored by a visit from Miss Mac B. Wii
kins. pnst grand president. :
Buena Vista Parlor had a social last
Thursday night, and It was a very enjoy
able affair. ■ ... . . ,
NATIVE DAUGHTERS HOME. ,;
Several years ago a charitable citizen
donated to the Native Daughters the sum
of UN, to be used as the nucleus of a fund
to be created for the assistance of such
members of- the order as needed such
after they had drawn all that the laws of
the parlors to which they belonged al
lowed them. This was placed under the '
direction of a board of relief, composed of
fifteen members; named by \ the . grand
president. Subsequently a small yearly
tax was levied -on each parlor, and so •
little was drawn from the fund that at j
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH ft, 1808.
Accommodations for the teacher can
• not be .secured at a less distance than ten
miles, but she is provided with a horse,
j and thoroughly enjoys her daily ride in
nil kinds of weather, through waving
grain fields, then beside a rippling creek,
and finally through a long piney canyon,
still following the stream.
Or, if she desire a longer ride through
new scenes, there Is still time enough
after school closes at 3 o'clock. Some
times she dashes off in a mad pursuit of
a band of cattle, tearing up and down hill
at a wild gait, leaping her horse over
gaping gulches or rushing brooks, and
pressing on and on until the stock are all
corraled. Then she pauses to see the
finale— the exciting, but far from pleas
ant process of branding after the animals
A CATTLE COUNTRY SCHOOL.
have been driven into a chute or else
lassoed and throws, and the iron applied.
Occasional trips to Mt. Hamilton, where
every effort is exerted to make the visit
or's stay at the Observatory an enjoyable
one, speed the hours of Saturday, and
fully repay one for the long, tifty-mile
ride. In this country the man's saddle is
used by both sixes alike. The school
teacher rides In divided skirts with apron
fronts, and is always at home, either on
hois, -back or afoot. Hut picture ye prim
Normal! te upon a half-broken mustang,
with full Spanish equipment— heavy sad
dle, with clumsy, swinging .stirrups, riata,
hair-rope, c&paderroa, and quirt!
11 ' A ftCARCIE MANLY.
San Jose, Cal.
• • »
THE LOS ANGELES STATE NORMAL
SCHOOL.
Within the last decade the wonderful
this time It amounts to about $1200. Mrs.
T. L. ! Kane is : the present president of
the board, and Miss Clara K. \Vitti>nmeyer
the secretary. The latter recently sug
gested the idea of using the fund lor the
purpose of starting a home on a small i
scale, to be enlarged in the future, for
the use of such- members of. the order as
may desire a temporary habitation or* he I
in need of medical attendance which they ;
could not obtain in their homes. A plan j
la now. under discussion, and in about two
weeks a report will be presented, when
action will be taken. • ■
THE NATIONAL UNION.
The San Francisco Cabinet at its last
i he'd meeting decided to give a first-class
j literary and musical entertainment on the
111 h of May In celebration of the seven
teenth anniversary of the Institution of
: the order.
The presentation of the banners and
badses to the Cabinet by President Hast
! ings was on behalf of the Senate.
MEADE CORPS NO. 61.
At the last held meeting of Meade
Corps, Q. A. R. , Mrs. Gaffney, a mem
! ber. presented to it a large picture of Lin
coln, which was covered with the Ameri
can flag, the last Union emblem that
floated over Libby Prison and which is
, now the property of General George
Meade Post. The presentation speech
mi by Mrs. Goodwin on behalf of the
donor. There were a number of the mem
bers of the post present to witness the '
; unveiling. During the presentation and
; the acknowledgment of the gift, there
was nn allusion to the tlag to the effect
that it could not be put to better use than
that of adorning the picture of the mar
tyred hero, for like him it had done noble
duiy. and like him it was lajd away, but
that while he could not be recalled, the
Sag can at any time be unfurled to the
| breeze again to inspire those ready to
: defend the honor of the country.
Host Commander Leavitt. after that,
delivered a stirring address In which he
, defended the granting of pensions to
' thi.se who had seen service in the war.
but was severe in his criticisms of those
1 who draw hie fat salaries in the pen- j
SIOO office, lie said that if there was less
grab the real soldiers would receive at
l>ast $12 or $lf> a month instead of the
; paltry sum they now receive. Tie said
that the old soldiers desire enough to
k< ep body and soul together. He declared
that should the President to-day call for
volunteers every old soldier who can
'. walk and shoulder a musket will respond.
THE CHOSEN FRIENDS.
During the latter part of last month,
Friendship Council of Sacramento and
Phoenix Council of this city each In
itiated a candidate.
Last Thursday the initiatory team in
itiated four candidates in the hall of So
cial Council in t ho presence of the fol- !
lowing named officers: H. W. Hutton i
S. V. C; C. ML Arnold. I". S! C. : Grand 1
Councilor ltoohm. Grand Recorder Wai-
Us, Grand Treasurer Clara McDonald and '
Grand Prelate Mrs. Sweeney.
San Jose now has an Initiatory team
aiul is ready for work.
Pacific Council, on Friday night, had
one of its old time meeting's. Trustees
Newman and Jacksnn addressed the
members. Councilor Nicholson recited an
original poem. Miss MeCrery. P. C. Mr*
White. Mrs. Leon. Miss Bray and others
added to th. enjoyment of all pn ■>-
ent. Trustee Newman promised an in
teresting topic for the next meeting.
THE DRIUDS.
At the close of February, Acorian
Grove, Sacramento, was -visited by H. J.
Goller. N. G. A., and J. M. Graves. G. S.
They were met by a committee at th*
depot and escorted to the hall, where they
were welcomed by a goodly number of
members!' ' ■ k
On Monday night the prand officers vis
■.;•': Walhalla Grove In company with Dr.
Silva. N. A., and A. J. Santos. V. A., of '
A.COTtan Grove. The third degree w.. ~
conferred, followed by addresses by the
visitors. Then followed a banquet, at :
which Judge Henry of the visited grove i
was toast master.
Last Tuesday Perbeverance Grove con- i
growth of the southern section of the
State in population, Industries and influ
ence has Impressed itself upon its schoo is.
The hills and valleys in every direction
are beng dotted with school houses me
constant increase of attendance at the
normal school had made the building too
small and the equipments too meager ror
the demands. In the early part of I^9.* the
Legislature voted an appropriation ror a
new building. At the close of the session
in June. IMS. Mr. Ira More, under whose
principalship the school had received its
impetus and had become noted as an edu
cational center, resigned, and upon his
successor, the present principal. Mr. B. 1.
Pierce, devolved the work of direct rig
the new building and appropriately fitting
H for the increased number of students.
During that school year ending June, 181U,
the enrollment was 384; for the year end
ing June, 1897 it is (127. an increase of 2'J3
in five years. The new building wan oc
cupied in September. 1894. It had ample
room, and was especially adapted for the
work, particularly in the training depart
ment. With these larger facilities and bet
ter appointments the school entered on a
new era of usefulness. The former fac
ulty consisted of eleven teachers, but as
greater demands have come the number
has been Increased until now there are
twenty-three. Every room in the school
proper and in the training department in
now occupied
Great changes in educational affairs
have occurred within the past ten yoarn.
Educators have been reaching forth into
new and larger fields of Investigation;
the child in the schoolroom and at homo
h,as become a matter of intense study.
It behooves a normal school to lead, or
at lea.-n to keep in touch with the marks
of advancement; therefore this school has
sought to place Its graduates on the plane
of the present progress, and to enable
them to continue the subjects already
begun. The ideal of the faculty Is to
so impress the students with the great
ness of their work that they may come to
study and thoroughly know the child.
With this in mind, the faculty meets
weekly In the seminary to discuss peda
gogical questions—those that relate to
their own work; those that bear directly
upon the students; those materially af
fecting the inter* sts and the advance
ment of the pupils In the training ,!e-
partment. These studies are valuable,
not only because they bring the teach
ers and their work Into weekly contact,
but also because they broaden the view i
of the specialist, ana dev< lop in him a
sympathy for other lines of study. .
Akin to this Is a plan for university
extension work conducted by the depart- '
ment of pedagogy, which outlines and!
superintends the \ trious lines of investi
gation. In sev< ral counties the teachers |
are organised I i this work, and are ;
brought in tew .. with the studies In the
Normal School.
The equipments of the school are com- \
mensurate with the demands. Science'
is Ft tidied in the laboratory- In physics j
a commodious room and well-selected ap
paratua enable the instructor to train his]
classes by i xperiment. The chemical iat>
oratory in the old building was a cramped, i
poorly fitted room in the basement. The
; students now have a separate building, I
ferred the second degree on two can
didate, and Aurora Grove, at its last
held meeting, conferred the same degree
and received an application.
El Dorado and California groves. In
joint meeting, were officially visited by
the grand officers last Tuesday night.
They were pleased with the work of the
groves and were well entertained. The
following day they were taken to all
points of Interest and shown the monu
ment erected to the memory of Frederick
Seig. founder of the order in this State.
THE DRUIDEBBES.
El Dorado Circle at its last held meet
ing had two applications and after work,
the "baby circle" was entertained by vis
itors froi'n Boadlcaa Circle. John Hutton.
D.D., a. s. Hall of Golden Gate Circle.
Mrs. R. Frasor. A. D. ; J. J. Mollison ana
many ethers. This circle will glv* an en
tertainment in Austrian lla.ll next Satur
day night.
FORESTERS .OF AMERICA,
Lost Friday night Court Golden Era
gave its annual high jinks in its hall in
the Alcazar and there was a large attend
ance- of members and visitors. There was
a good programme of entertainment ,
which inclulded music, song, instrumental
selections, boxing and wrestling matches
and the telling of amusing stories. The
boxers were the Castle brothers and
Graney and Jennings, while the wrestlers
were Lichtenstein and Manlock, and s. L.
Waller and J. Mahlstedt. The others who
participated in the programme were
Messrs. Lewis, Beckel, Weaver, Sehmitz.
Edwarda and others. I- Michaels was the
chairman of the committee Of arrange
ments, that in addition to the programme
provided a «■<•>! lation and smoking mate
rial. \V. Qoff, the retiring past chief
ranker, was presented a handsomely
framed certificate and badge of the order.
Court Acme was to have had a banquet
last Thursday night and nearly 3\> ladies
and gentlemen met In the Alcazar accord
ing to the invitation, to be told at 10
o'clock that the banquet had been post
poned until Tuesday night, because of the
failure of the committee to notify the ca
terer.
Court Bonita received an official visit
last Monday from Grand Sub-Chief Rang
er Samuels and the meeting was a de
cidedly pleasant one.
COMPANIONS OF FOREST. F. O. A.
The grand chief companion. Mrs. Har
rington, i s visiting circles In Stockton and
1 1 y.
Robin Hood Circle on last Wednesday
had an initiation and the work was ex
ceedingly well done. The same night In
ter Nos Circle had an Initiation in its
usual perfect manner. In each circle
there was at the close of the meeting a
social hour that was productive of much
enjoyment to all.
Last %Yednesday night Bay City Circle
had a \t-ry pleasant social In Alcazar
Social Hall", and H was stated that the
unusual large attendance was attracted
by the previous announcement that the
three beauties of the circle would be
there, and they were. The committee,
consisting of Mrs. H. Worms. Mesdames
Burkhetm. Marks. Pechnor. Roach and
Kemper, Miss Wolmcr and Messrs. Marks
and Lorler. did much to make the enjoy
mi-nt < f the evening complete.
Bonita Circle had a. pleasant meeting
last Thursday night, followed by an hour
of entertainment and dancing.
THE PAST CHIEFS. F. O. A.
At the meeting of the Past Chief Com
panions' Association on Monday night it
was decided to notify /each circle in this
city of the next ! meeting which will be
held on the last day. of this month, and
Invite all past chiefs as well as the mem
bership to attend. This with a view to
obtain an expression of opinion to the end
of propagating the order and keep up
with some of the Jurisdictions in the
Bast, which have, bees advancing at a
remarkably rapid pace.
THE JUNIORS.
The State officers of the Junior Order of
United American Mechanics are busy *t .
tills time prepariag their report* tc b».
well appointed for thorough work. Equal
facllltj Is afforded in t >i *» study of botany
anil zoology, each student having a ml
croscope for his own use. The new sci
ence of psychology h;is not been neg
lected, for attention bas been given to
the collection and application of appar
atus, since in many instances mental
growth can only be determined by those
means. This has hu Important bearing
on r hi- work '•!' teaching. The senior
class for a year is brought in contact with
pupils, ranging from the first grade to
the eighth, and these student teachers
are ci abled to approach the child with a
greater knowledge of his habits, his
modes of thought, his Inclinations and the
general trend of his life.
In order to exti ad the influence of the
work of the school, and to be able to
take the child In his younger ypars, the
trustees provided for a kindergarten de
partment in September, 1898. It was the
tlrst move in that direction made by any
normal school on the coast.
A fully equipped Sloyd department Is one
of the accessories of this school. Each
Class has this work on the weekly pro
gramme, and the requirements for atten
tion to it are as binding as any other; the
Influence of this work is noticeable in
many ways. a is well to have book
knowledge; it is profitable to be able to
manipulate In the science laboratories: it
is useful to learn how to solve problems,
but these alone would not make the
rounded teacher. lie must know some
thing of the esthetic side of life; the
pleasing and the enjoyable outside of the
mere matter-Qf-faot training. Four years
ago there was not a picture or a portrait
In the buHding; now students study the
portrait as well as the author; they can
now form some idea of classic art by the
study of the lasts; they can look upon
the Parthenon, splendid in its ruins; they
catch some inspiration of the splendor
of Greek art by examining the plaster
casts of Diana and Minerva. The draw
ing department is rich in models, designs
and engravings, all of which stimulata
a desire to be in touch with the inspir
ing power of art. A well selected li
brary, to which the pupils have access at
all times for reference or investigation,
is s close ally to help the student In his
efforts.
Seven years ago a large and well
equipped gymnasium was built. A syste
matic plan for work was carried out. and
it is accepted by both students and par
ents that the physical drill given regu
larly eacfa week and in the most bene
(lcial way to the students exerts a great
Influence upon their health.
The aim of the school Is to send forth
graduates who have been trained to
think, and to know something of the
great pulsating life outside the four walls
of the schoolroom; to Bee in the child
rreat possibilities, and to study how to
develop them to the best advantage to
themselves and to the State; and lastly
to hold as their chief purpose the making
of men and women, worthy of the great
aim of life, and an honor and blessing
to humanity.
CHARLES E. HUTTON.
Los Angeles, Cal.
presented at the session of the State
Council that is to meet on the 15th inst.
The order has secured from the railroad
company transportation from all points
in the State at one and one-third rate for
round trips.
DAUGHTERS OF LIBERTY.
California Council at its last meeting
celebrated the third anniversary of the
foundation of the order by the presenta
tion of a short programme of music and
song to a good number of persons who
were in attendance. Then followed a
dance and the serving of cakes and cof
fee. The affair was managed by Misses
Laura Cantus, Emma Cantus and E. M.c-
Intyrc.
E'XE BRITH.
Columbia Lodge will, to-morrow night,
tender a farewell reception in B. B. Hall
to Past President Eugene Michaels, who
will shortly leave for Johannesberg.
Africa, where he will institute a lodge of
the ordi r.
Monteflore Lodge will celebrate its
thirty-fourth anniversary by a grand ball
in B. B. Hall on the 2."cl inst. Invitations
will be complimentary, and but two will
be issued to each member.
YOUNG MEN'S INSTITUTE.
The open meeting of Fraternity Council
of East Oakland on the 24th of last month
was well attended and proved very inter
esting.
Last Wednesday there was a large at
tendance at the district meeting of Coun
cils Nos. 72, 74 and York at the Potrero.
which was presided over by District
Deputy P. J. Hagan. 1 .ere was also a
large number of the members of the order
at the district meeting of Councils Nos,
36, 55 and 460 last Thursday night in the
Alcazar building. The meeting was pre
sided over by District Deputy W. a. Bres
lin.
On the 10th ln?t. James T. Foley will
preside at a district meeting of Nos. 1. 4
and 34, to be held In the Alcazar building:.
Last Friday night preliminary steps
were taken for the organization of the
council in St. James parish.
Rev. Henry Woods. 8. J., will lecture be
fore Columbia Council in St. Ignatius Col
lege Hall on "Explosions'" on the 15th
inst.. and on the 23d Professor Grlggs
Stanford University Will lecture in Met
ropolitan Hall before Mission Council on
"Shakespeare."
KNIGHTS OF HONOR.
Grand Dictator Archibald returned last
Monday from visits to lodges In Mon
terey. Salinas and Santa Cruz.
Many members of Anchor. Polar Star
and other lodges were with Liberty Lodge
last Monday to listen to an address on
Constantinople by Professor Prior.
Among the visitors were P. L. Archibald,
G. D., and Thomas Learned. G. V. D.
Monday night Yerba Huena Lodge had
one initiation, a lengthy debate on the
subject of the investment of the lodge
funds and other matters. This lodge will
give a smoker and Increase meeting on
the 14th inst.
Present Lodge initiated one candidate
last Wednesday and received five appli
cations. The lodge was visited by Grand
Vice-Dictator Thomson.
Keystone Lodge, at its last held meet
ing, "installed P. D. Mullany as trustee
and initiated a candidate. The lodge ex
pects quite an addition as a result of its
recent open meeting.
The March list from the supreme lodge
shows 166 deaths, of which twelve oc
curred in California. The claims will be
paid during the current month.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
There was a gathering of the members
of Zerln Kapi Temple No. 52 of the D.
O. K. K. last night for the purpose of
inducting, according to the ancient cus
tom, a number of tyros into rhe myster
ies of the order. On Saturday next there
Will be a pilgrimage to Benicia by way
ot" the Southern Pacific Railroad, where
the caravan will pick up a number of
tyros.
Grand Chancellor Grant announces the
following visits: March 10. to Palo Alto;
ilarcfc 11, Los Gatos; Marcb 12, New Ai
STATE NORMAL SCHOOL AT LOS ANGELES.
DOES MODERN EDUCATION EDUCATE?
The following Is a list of questions on modern education recently
propounded to Dr. Jordan by the Cosmopolitan, with the former's an
swers annexed:
1. Does it educate in the broadest and most liberal sense of the
term
Answer of President Jordan.— That training which does not disclose
the secret of power is unworthy the name of education.
2. The first article of the educational series which has been pub
lished in The Cosmopolitan was founded upon the following hypothe
sis: "The pursuit of all mankind is happiness.* (*From Webster's
Dictionary — Happiness is generic, and is applied to almost every kind
of enjoyment except that of the animal appetites. From the Century
Dictionary— Every man speaks of happiness as his end of ends; he
wishes to live well or to do well, which he considers the same as being
happy. But men disagree exceedingly in their opinions as to that
which constitutes happiness; nay, the same man sometimes places it in
one thing, sometimes in another — in health or in riches, according as
he happens to be sick or poor.) There is no other basis upon which
any tenable theory of education for youth may be built than that the
training received tends, in the highest degree, toward those conditions
of mind and body which will best serve to bring happiness to the indi
vidual educated and to those about him. That, at least, is the ideal
toward which education must move with ever quickening strides."
Do you believe that this is the true idea? If not— what
Answer of President Jordan. — I should say rather effectiveness. But
as all true happiness depends on action, there is not so much differ
ence. But mere pleasure or contentment should not be called "happi
ness."
3. Do you think that the training of the mind of youth can be ac
complished by the study of physics, chemistry, physiology, psychology
and English, German and French literature as thoroughly as by that of
Latin and Greek?
Answer of President Jordan.— With most men better.
4. Will not a curriculum made up of the sciences and modern litera
ture develop the reasoning powers to a higher degree than one in which
the study of Latin and Greek is the chief factor?
Answer of President Jordan. — With most men — yes.
5. Inasmuch as the student, in a large percentage of cases, im
mediately following graduation enters upon a professional or business
career and not infrequently assumes family cares, should not provision
be made for thorough instruction by lectures on choice of occupation or
profession — the intention being to afford him the widest possible infor
mation regarding the occupations of life, and to enable him to choose
with knowledge rather than with prejudice?
Answer of President Jordan. — Lectures are not very effective in this
regard. Personal conversation is better.
6. Should not thorough instruction regarding the duties of the
married state, the psychological aids to selection and to happy weMol
relations and the proper bringing up of children, constitute an import
ant part of every college course?
Answer of President Jordan. — Such information is most valuable
and Fhould be included. But it should not be spurious, hysterical,
mawkish. It takes a manly man with thorough knowledge to give such
instruction.
7. If Latin and Greek should be omitted from the curricula of
school (six years) and college (four years). wouJd there not be ample
time not only to train the mind in science and two modern languages
(including English), but also to teach the things most requisite for
properly embarking upon that active life which usually follows college
graduation?
Answer of President Jordan. — When time is well spent, four years
becomes far too short for all that is needed.
8 Do you hold that time should be obtained for the most import
ant studies by omitting those which are least important?
Answer of President Jordan. — I hold that eafih student should be
educated for himself in his best way and that wiy curriculum not in
volved in the nature of the subject is a hindrance and an imperti
nence.
9 Shoud not all students be compelled to Include, as part of their
diilv duties, exercise sufficient to develop sound bodies while establish
ing habits tending to maintain health at a maximum of efficiency?
Answer of President Jordan.— A student should be led to seek such
training but education is largely a training of the will. He should seek
it for himself, not be obliged to take it.
(Reprinted by permission of The Cosmopolitan.)
,,, Ainroh 15 San Jose, where Tri- J
S'mPh aS a 'jofe lodges will meet
jointly. '
ANCIENT ORDER FORESTERS.
At the last held meeting of Court Robin
Hood, there was work of initiation, and
the following named were elected dele
gates to the subsidiary high court, that j
is to meet in May: Alexander Nicholson I
and Thomas Watson, regulars, and |
Charles Morris and G. R. Morgan, alter
nates. Alexander Nicholson. P. D. C. R., j
wa«? chosen to furnish the press with
items about the court. There were a
number of visitors present, and under
good and welfare there were many in
teresting speeches.
COMPANIONS OF THE FOREST.
The Past ' Chiefs' Association held •a j
meeting last week and made arrange
ments for the purpose of entertaining
the delegates who are to meet in this city
on the 16th of May and attend the session
of the Supreme Circle.
, There was a large attendance at the
open meeting of Sherwood Circle in For
esters' Hall, O'Farrell street, last Mon- j
day night. On that occasion the commit- j
tee on entertainment, of which Mrs. M. i
A. O'Brien was chairman, presented a
programme of which the' chief features
were: " Recitation. Mrs. Perry of Alba
Circle, Vallejo; fancy dance. Miss Julia j
Turpin; vocal selections by the i Sher- '
wood quartet: Spanish song. Bertha
Giago; recitation. Walter Doxey, and vo- ;
cal solos by Miss Lynch. Mr. Abraham
son. William Coughlin and Mr. Scanlan.
After that there was dancine and enjoy- j
ment for all till midnight. During the
evening Washington Circle visited in a
body. ■ ________
ROYAL ARCANUM.
! The last held . meeting of j Golden West l
Council was well attended, two applica- j
tions were received and ■ several more
promised. The renewed interest in the
council is encouraging. What is being
done in this and other councils warrants
the assertion that the Grand Council will
be undoubtedly instituted in May. D. R. j
Thomas of Boston died in this city, and j
though not affiliated with any of the local j
councils the order took charge of his af- !
fairs, and in three weeks his beneficiaries j
received what was due them. An effort '
is being made to have all the local coun- ,
cils meet in the same building.
. THE OHIO SOCIETY. '
At the annual meeting of the Ohio So
ciety of California on last Tuesday, the
ninety-fifth anniversary of the admission j
of the State of Ohio into the Union, there j
was a large attendance of \ members and j
much enthusiasm: was displayed. Each i
member •_• wore a tri-colored ribbon ■ sur
mounted by one of 10,000 buckeyes sent to ,
. Norman R.*Arter.- financial secretary, by
Job Reeder of Hanoverton; gathered from :
trees in the immediate vicinity of the
home of President McKlnley of Canton. ;
It was shown by the reports" that the af
fairs of - the society are in a flourishing ;
• condition. r The ; erßcers ' elected for " the •
current term are: Ben B. Haskell, presi-J
dent; Oren B. Fogle, D. D. Stubb3 and J.
H. Healy, M.D., vice-presidents; Louis
P. McCarty. secretary; Norman R. Arter,
financial secretary: H. A. Iddlngs, treas
urer: and H. L. Tickner. J. H. Belser, G.
A. Scheer, Milton E. Baker and J. W.
Richards, executive committee. After a
short address by the president, felicitous
and timely remarks .were made by J.
Thomas Ferguson, J. H. Belser. N. R.
Arter, M. E. Baker, E. W. Currier, L. P.
McCarty. A. Arter. M. G. Pumphrey and
G. A. Scheer. —.uch good feeling was dis
played. ;.^vt' : -
FRIENDS OF THE FOREST.
Lincoln Lodge has arranged for a char
acter and hard times unique social to be
given in Washington Hall March 21. A
special feature will be a gypsy camp.
Mizpah Lodge initiated two candidates
at its last held meeting. In future Rich- *
mond Lodge will meet on the second and "
last Thursday of each month.
> IMPROVED ORDER RED MEN.
Klowa Tribe, which numbered nearly
sixty, by a decided majority, has agreed
to consolidate with Pocahontas Tribe,
and -byr so doing the membership of the - (
last named will be increased to more than
100.
Last Wednesday there was a large and
enthusiastic meeting in the wigwam of
Bald Eagle Tribe, the occasion being a
visit by Osceola Tribe, which turned out
in full* numbers. There were also many
visitors from Oshonee, Althomas,' Man
zanita, Miantonomah, Poanochee, Soto
vome Modoc, White Eagle and Monte
zuma tribes. Two pale faces were adopt
ed after which there were short talks
by' Great Chief of Records Burgman,
Great Michlnevah Jennings. Past: Great
Sachem Brandt. Past Sachems Seymour,
Goldman. Fuller. Swan. Glynn. , Rudolph
and McCarthy, and Sachems Holder and
Ross The principal talk was in regard to
the grand parade on the Fourth of July,
when it is expected the Red Men will
turn out in great numbers. . T; '^/ •
LOCOMOTIVE ENGINEERS.
The Saturday night party, recently giv
en by. Mrs. Leland Stanford Division No.
106. Auxiliary to the Brotherhood of Lo
comotive Engineers,, in Mission Masonic
Hall, was a most enjoyable one. Previous
to the dancing there was presented a pro
gramme of entertainment which had for
features vocal solos by Miss Hadin. and
Messrs. Soderer and Missner. recitation
by Miss Bowley, and "Mother Goose and
her family." The old lady was personat
ed by Mrs. Alger and her favorite chil
dren by Miss Adelaide Tubbs and the
Rhen sisters.
SONS OF BENJAMIN.
Minerva Lodge of the Sons of Benjamin
had a very pleasant social in Alcazar So«_
cial Hall last Tuesday night and the larg^
number of the members and friends spent
a very enjoyable evening. The success of
the affair was due to the efforts of the
committee that had charge of it and
which consisted of Mrs. H. Samish, Mes
dames Kor.igstern. Conn and Kramer and
MM SS r S Kramer,* Miss Franklin and Miss
Zler. with the genial Jacob Label as floor
■ ; " L ■ ■REDLANDS
THE
MAGIC
CITY
\perfect
IF one visited Redlrmds to-Oay for the
first time It would be difficult for him
to realize that the beautiful little
city, with its many costly residences
and cozy homes, its substantial busi-
ness blocks, paved streets, parks and
shade trees and many thousand acres ot
orange groves, is only about twenty years
old. •
As early as I^4. however, a small set
tlement was formed in what was known
as Lugonia, which has since been ab
: by Redlands. In that section an
rd was planted In '74, and I
pulation which warranted
the opening: of the first school. One hun
dred acres was planted to grapes in 1879,
ami in '80 the first fruit-dryer was built,
ami a store opened in 1881. Shortly after
:i and Brown laid off five and ten
tracts in the amphitheater south of
Lugonia, and a colony started there in
hi ;^7 the township was laid out
ii^ a city and ;he plat filed March ;
the name of Redlands given it. suggested
by the rich, red color of the fertile soil.
The business part of Redlands Is on
the level shelf of the mesa, with the resi
dence portion and orange groves sloping
upward to the north, east and south,
forming an amphitheater.
The altitude of Redlands varies from
: feet in the center of town to 1700 feet
on the heights of the rim. For miles
fro: i the summit of the crest of the city
ward old San Bernardino
is a succession of orange groves.
with here and there the gables and towers
of a modern residence, with flowers group
ed around or clambering over it; or the
epire of a church rising out of the deep
green of the orange*
The atmosphere of this region is re
iuarkubiy pure and Bott, ever laden with
the most delicate odor exhaled by the
leav« s of th( citrus fruits at all seasons,
augmented by the fragrance of thousands
of varieties of flowers, which, at the time
the orange trees are at the zenith of
their lluwering season, filled the air with
sweetness.
There is no black sky here and at night
the scenery is beautiful, especially in mid
winter, when the summits of the moun
tains are wrapped in their mantle of
Bnow. Mount San Bernardino and be
yond Mount San Gorgonia, or "Gray
back," as it is popularly called, are espe
cially majestic upon a moonlight night
when wearing their white caps of snow,
never entirely absent, but much heavier
and whiter in winter time.
mlng from out the steeping East into
the dry atmosphere of Redlands even
in midsummer, when people unac
quainted with the actual conditions say it
is hot, one will always find the air re
freshing, especially at night, and here the
mind not conscience pricked may ever
find sleep and rest and refreshment.
The average rainfall for the whole year
is about ten inches, occurring mostly at
night. At one time last spring there fell
In Central Massachusetts and at other
Eastern points from ten to fourteen inches
in less than two weeks' time. The rains
here are usually gentle, the thirsty earth
eagerly drinking in every drop that
reaches her upturned face. As would nat
urally follow, the Magic City is blest with
freedom from logs. Blest because of the
advantage this condition offers for health
and because of its beneiicial effect upon
the orange, lemon and grape fruit crops.
Occasonally a slight sea breeze will bring
in a fog from the coastward valleys; but
these are of rare occurrence, as Redlands
is on the hills above the usual fog line
and above the damp air belt. But it is
a common occurrence to behold the valley
below hidden in a fosr bank, out upon
•which one may gaze as over a bank of
enow.
The city of Redlands and the surround
ing country are supplied with water for
domestic purposes, for irrigation and for
power purposes from the Santa Ana
River, Mill Creek and the famous Bear
Valley reservoir or lake. The dam across
a canyon in Bear Valley for Impoundiig
the water and making the big l;ike was
begun September IT, ISB3, and in November
of the following year it was completed.
This famous dam. designed and con
structed under the supervision of P. K.
Brown, is unique in its structure, and the
venture was a daring feat of engineering,
because of its form, height and the thin
ness of its walls. Built to a height of
sixty-two feet, it arches inward toward
the water to give it the greatest strength
with the use of the least possible ma
terial. The lake thus formed is live miles
long and from half to a mile wide. This
made Redlands possible by insuring water
for irrigation.
With all the advantages of climate,
•water, a soil the best known for the
production of the finest of oranges, and
a site unsurpassed for beauty of location
and environment, is it any wonder that
people of taste, of refinement and of
means were attracted to this spot? And
is it any surprise that Redlands has
grown so rapidly, so substantially and so
beautifully as to be known as the "Magic
City?" No city in the West has so many
natural attractions. None of its size has
more beautiful and costly homes; and the
rapidity with which the slopes and hill
tops are being covered with fine mansions
is increasing as time moves on apace.
Within the past twelve months more
money has been expended in the erection
of palatial residences in Iledlands than
during any two years before. The am-
Iphitheater-like contour of the country,
with terrace-like trenches, broken by the
"zanjas" or streams Mowing through the
city, and many small canyons, affords
almost innumerable, desirable and com
manding building sites, upon which the
homes are erected, surrounded by orange
groves and parks and gardens of flowers
and semi-tropic trees and shrubs
This rolling and broken condition oX the
" Homey
land offers superior advantages to the
landscape artist and they have been taken
well in hand so that no other locality on
rhe Pacific Coast presents such variety
in surroundings as those in which that
equally varied architecture of the dwell
ings is placed. And each home, from the
humblest to the most palatial, is em
bowered in vines and flowers and semi
tropic vegetation, each different from the
REDLANDS FROM CANON CREST PARK ==
other, according to the artistic taste or
sentiment of the owners. Within, the
homes are supplied with more of the com
forts of a real home life than may be
found in most communities, while the
necessities of living within doors are
fewer than most places. Throughout the
year most of one's time may be and is
largely spent out of doors.
The most conspicuous example of the
possibilities of landscape gardening is
found in Canyon Crest Park, the home
grounds of Messrs. Albert K. and Alfred
H. Smiley, twin brothers, who have made
this city their home for the greater part
of the year. This beautiful park of nearly
two hundred acres was begun in 1890 and
shows how rapidly grounds in Redlands
may be beautified. The Eastern homes of
the Messrs. Smiley are at Lakes Mohawk
and Minnewaska. two famous resorts
noted for their attractive locations and
the care with which they are kept. Can
yon Crest Park became famous under the
cognomen of Smiley Heights, because of
the name of the owners and the peculiar
topography of the land selected for this
park. But these gentlemen are modest
and the name of Smiley Heights is dis
tasteful to them. They wish the place
to be known by its name, Canyon Crest
Park.
INGENIOUS TRICK OF A MAN WHO CROSSED THE CONTINENT WITHOUT A CENT.
JAMES RAINEY took the witness
stand in a court In Phoenix, Ariz.,
not long ago and speedily earned
the title of "Stuttering Jim," by
stammering and stuttering whenever
a question was asked that he did not
care to answer. He had never been
known to stutter before. He excused
his defective speech to the court by
saying that it was due to excitement
and that a nervous affection was the
cause.
Jim was shrewd. In four years he
had married the only daughter of a
wealthy rancher, had acquired a hand
some ranch and Interests in mining
properties, had organized a canal com
pany, had elected his father-in-law
president and himself treasurer of the
company, and had built twenty-three
miles of the canal. Several New York
ers held the canal bonds, the stockhold
ers had the canal and "Stuttering Jim"
the money. He made many financial
turns, all of which indicated sharpness.
One of his queerest pranks though was
a plan to get to California from Ken
tucky without paying car fare. It hap
pened in the days when Jim was short
of funds.
He was In Lexington, Ky., at the
time and had been trying to eke out
a living by following the races. But,
as usual, just as luck seemed to be go
ing his way something would happen
in the nick of time to make him a
loser. He put all his money on a
pacer. The horse was winning easily,
and was only 100 yards from the wire
when a flash of lightning scared the
beast so that he stood stock still. Jim
was without a nickel after that. He
was sick and a physician had told
him that he muet winter In a warm
climate or he would die. So it was he
decided to go to California.
"I sat down," said Stuttering Jim,
in recounting his woes, "and studied
hard on the problem. At last I hit
upon a scheme. I went to a friend
that owned a stunning fur-lined o-ver
coat that reached nearly to my heels.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SFXBAY, MAKCIT 6, 1898.
WINTER SCENE IN REDLANDS. ORANGE TREES LADEN WITH FRUIT IN THE FOREGROUND AND THE MOUNTAINS
OF SAN BERNARDINO TIPPED WITH SNOW IN THE DISTANT BACKGROUND.
These gentlemen at once perceived the
possibilities for the landscape gardener in
the tract of land which they selected for
a home. Redlands is generously supplied
with similar park sites, several of which
are already in progress of development
along lines approximating those followed
by the Messrs. Smiley. Cultured and re
fined tastes, linked with energy, progres
sion and public spirit and the expenditure
of several hundred thousand dollars have
brought Canyon Crest Park to its present
high state of perfection. The park lies
along the crest or ridge and northern
slope of the long spur of land projecting
westward into the valley between San
Timoteo Canyon on the south and the
Santa Ana wash on the northwest, at the
head of San Bernardino Valley. The sharp
ridge, falling abruptly into the canyon,
furnished the material for the name. The
natural contour of the land left little to j
be desired by the landscape artist for a i
'oundation upon which to erect his park, i
and in doing so every detail has been care- j
fully considered. The northern slopes are j
seamed and broken so as to give portions
of it with inclination facing nearly every
point of the compass, some of which are
abrupt and precipitous, while others slopo !
gently and fall away in undulations easy j
to traverse. The park is now covered with i
vegetation even to large trees, 50 rapid
has been the growth of some of the spe- ,
ciea of eucalypti, and one would think It
eight decades instead of but eight years
since work was inaugurated upon the
park.
Winding in and out, about projecting
knolls and around the heads of miniature
canyons, are the finest of driveways,
passing by rippling waters and quiet I
pools, in which are mirrored the bright
colors and fantastic forms of myriads of
flowers and tropical plants.
A brook runs through Redlands, along
the banks of and near which grow grand
old trees. Winding about beneath their
shade beeide the rippling, dancing waters j
In this rig and a clean shave I -went
to the railroad office and told the agent
I wanted to ship a $5000 race horse
through to California, C. O. D. 'And
give me a $1000 insurance on him, too,'
I asked, 'because he's a world beater.'
It was pressing 'em hard, but the
agent looked at my stunning fur-lined
overcoat, sized me up for a winner and
said all right.
"You see at that time the rules of
the company directed that any race
horse sent over the road should be in
charge of a keeper. I was figuring An
going as the horse's keeper. See the
point ?
"My next trick was the capture of a
horse. When I returned the overcoat
and told my friend of my play and luck
he was so tickled over the whole thing
that he loaned me $10. I sold some
horse trappings and raised the stake to
$15. With that sum I had to outfit for
the trip, get some sort of a record
breaking horse and rig him out to
make a $5000 showing of himself all the
way to California. You bet it was a
job!
"I hunted all the cheap joints for one
to suit me, and found him. He had a
head and neck on him like a racer, but
don't go any further, for- he was the
dizziest old cayuse you ever looked at.
Honestly, the crows would be ashamed
to light on him. I paid $3 50 for him,
and that was dear; but I must have
him.
"I went at him with a pair of clip
pers anr soon had a thoroughbred — a
skeleton of one anyhow.
"The boys got wind of what was go
ing on and all came around. They got
so interested in the scheme that they
all chipped in to buy feed. The whole
gang escorted me to the depot that
night. I needed them to boost the old
boneyard along. Just before we got
to the depot we took him down an alley
arid 'doctored' him to make him good
and frisky. Well that we did, for
the freight agent was there himself to
look after me. He never recognized
me in my old clothes, dirty face and
hands and tumbled hair. I talked my
best brogue and the disguise was com
plete. The boys had sent down a bale
of hay and a bag of oats. They handed
up a package of grub and a bottle of
is Sylvan boulevard, a splendid drive. It
is shut In, surrounded by higher ground,
covered with orange groves, and without
the commanding view of a ride along the
Heights or through Canyon Crest Park;
but it is a quiet place, where one feels
more withdrawn from the world. North
of this brook, on the opposite side from
the Heights, is a ridge known as Lu
gonia Heights, where there are some fine
mansions; and the Casa Loma, a new
tourist hotel, in the mission style of ar
chitecture, already famous as a fashion
able resort. In addition to the Casa
Loma there are two large commercial ho
tels, the Baker House and Windsor Hotel,
and several family hotels of less pre-
CANON CREST PARK IN WINTER-
tension
b rom so much having been said about
the beauty of Redlands, it must not be
inferred that it is simply a place of resi
dence, a city of winter homes or a health
resort, for such Is not the case. Redlands
whisky for myself. The old plug danced
around like a 2-year-old.
"We got him into the car andtheboys
kept me company until the train start
ed. I was glad when we pulled out
of the depot, but my troubles were just
beginning. I wasn't a bit sleepy, and
spent the next hour or two mentally
calculating where I was at and where
I would get off. After paying a few
bills and buying some horse medicine
and little traps for myself I had just
$7 in cash. 1 had about three days'
feed for the horse and about two days'
grub for myself, and a twelve or four
teen days' journey ahead of me. Could
I pull through on 50 cents a day? That's
all that bothered me then.
"It was frightfully cold that night,
and the old horse threatened to fall
down at every Jolt of the car. This
worried me, for I didn't believe that the
old fellow could ever get up again. The
agent assured me that the car would
go right through, but you can never
tell what a railroad will do. I consoled
myself with the thought that we would
get part way to California anyhow,
and rolling myself in my blankets I
finally went to sleep.
"I got out of grub long before we got
to Chicago, but I could always get
enough for myself. What bothered me
was to get cheap food for my racer.
"I didn't get a chance to buy horse
feed until the very last spear of hay
was gone. We were about two hundred
miles out of Chicago. It was just after
sunset when we pulled up about a mile
outside of some little depot. Right op
posite my car door was a haystack. I
had that door open quick and away I
went over the barb wire fence. I made
the hay fly out of the side of that stack.
I tell you. I pulled out a good armful
and started back to the car. I got that
one in all right, and as I didn't know
when the engine would again be ac
commodating I started for a second
one. I was just gathering it up when
I heard the train starting. In my
haste to get over the fence I fell. The
barbs ripped a slit in my trousers a
foot long. I skinned my elbow on a
rock— but the hay— l never lost a
spear. I threw the hay into the car
and scrambled in after it.
"At Kansas City just what I feared
Is, first of all, a citrus fruit center, the
orange being especially fine grown in the
rich red soil of this section.
The first carload of oranges shipped
East from territory now Included in the
Redlands district left here on January 21,
1885. The crop for this season— thirteen
years later— will approximate 1000 car
loads. To handle this immense crop,
which will be doubled within a very few
years, there are half a score of large
packing-houses, one of which (that of the
Redlands Orange Growers' Association) is
a brick structure, and one of the most
substantial and best equipped of the
packing-houses in. Southern California.
The lemon is an important crop, and tne
grape fruit (pomelo) is coming to be. The
fruits are not confined to the citrus class.
Poaches and apricots are grown In large
quantities, so ~iat there is a large can
nery, a.so several drying-houses, and the
shipments of canned fruits, dried fruits
and raisins are large. The fig is success
fully dried and packed here, this being
one of the few places in California in
which this operation is carried out. In
tho adjacent mountain canyons magnifi
cent apples and cherries are grown, while
'the strawberry is frequently ripened
every month in the year.
Redlands looks well after the education
of her youth. There Is a fine high school,
in which students are prepared for Berke
ley and Stanford; a large and well-ap
pointed grammar school building and sev
eral other graded schools.
As a moral and intellectual community
Redlands has few equals. The population
of upward of 5000 has been drawn from
all pwrts of ihe United States, but chiefly
from the well-to-do classes of New Eng
land. Nearly every one of the more
numerously patronized of the church de
nominations has organizations here and
I most of them own church buildings, some
' of which are large and attractive struc
: tures. There are, all told, nearly a score
of religious organizations, a large Y. M.
i C. A. possessing a fine brick building,
i There is also a W. C. T. U., an Associated
most happened. The brakeman came
in and said that I had to change my
horse into another car. I had been
afraid of this all along, and had sort of
prepared for it. That morning I had
taken off all the bandages and boots
and rubbed the old plug's legs well
with liniment. I bandaged him up
again and every little while would
waltz him around the car to limber him
up, but he made some awful stumbles.
I hunted up the agent and made an
awful kick, but it was no use, change
cars I must. Here it was broad day
light, and if any one ever got a good
look at the old skate it was all off with
me. I then began to register a bis kick
about the way the engineer had pulled
the train that ' morning. I told the
agent that it was nothing but one jerk
after another, and the horse was lame
from the tumbles he had got by the
engineer jerking the train. I threat
ened to have him arrested for cruelty
to animals.
"The agent tried to smooth the matter
over, but the more he smoothed the
madder I got. Such a valuable horse
as mine was not to be knocked about
that way. I was afraid that my horse
had been ruined. The agent agreed to
run the new car alongside of mine and
lay a gangway between the two cars.
That helped me out, for the stumbles
that the old horse made I laid to his
caution in walking the plank. I kept
the agent at a safe distance by telling
him the horse was treacherously vic
ious, and as evidence showed him the
barb wire tear in my trousers. I said
that in an unguarded moment the
horse had grabbed me and I only got
away by tearing loose.
"I had just got all my traps moved
into the new car and was congratulat
ing myself on my good luck when
along came the conductor and asked
me if I had a ticket. That was a stun
ner. It happened the Santa Fe had
just two days before put in force an
order that all persons accompanying
livestock should have a second-ciass
ticket. I told the conductor that I
knew nothing about their new rules,
and as to the horse all that I knew was
that he was a thoroughbred; that I was
to get so much if I landed him unhurt
in Los Angeles; that I didn't want to
Charities and several minor charitable or
ganizations. There are also secret fra
ternal orders to the number of nineteen,
several of which are very strong 1 and
flourishing. Among themostimportantare
the Knights of Pythias, Masons. Odd Fel
lows, Foresters and Junior Mechanics.
There is also a G. A. R. post, a \V. R. C.,
a parlor of Native Sons and several simi
lar organizations.
Redlands is well supplied with literary
and musical societies. Among the former
are the Fortnightly and Contemporary
Clubs and several reading and magazine
clubs. Among musical societies the
Spinet stands at the head, with several
less pretentious. There is an excellent
uniformed brass band, a large orchestra,
a mandolin and guitar club and several
smaller clubs. The National Guard is rep
resented by Company G, one of the lead
ing companies of the Seventh Regiment.
In the high school there Is a company of
cadets. The fire department consists of
hose and hook and ladder companies, the
city being well supplied with water with
a gravity pressure which may. be put to
ninety pounds.
The principal business streets are paved
with brick, and the sidewalks are hard
cement. A sewer system inaugurated a
few years ago is being rapidly extended.
The streets, business houses and most
of the residences are lighted by elec
tricity, furnished by the Redlands Electric
Light and Power Company. There is no
gas used. There is also a large company,
the Southern California Power Company,
now developing a large power plant in
the canyon near the city, for the pur
pose of furnishing electric power for
manufacturing and traction purposes, in
Los Angeles, seventy miles from the
source of the power. For places of
amusement there is an Academy of Mv-
sic nnd the auditorium of the Y. M. C. A.,
besides the music-room of the Casa Loma
and several society and lodge rooms. The
athletic association has a good park, with
fine bicycle track and substantial and
■well-appointed rubbing-rooms.
go to California, and that the buyer
of the horse was to pay my fare back
to Louisville when I delivered the
horse. Rather than pay for a ticket
from Kansas City I would leave the
racer on the train and go back to Chi
cago. That was a poser for the con
ductor, for all livestock shipped
through had to be accompanied by a
caretaker. I carried out my bluff by
moving all my traps out on the depot
platform. The conductor and the
agent held a consultation and con
cluded to give me a second-class ticket
and charge It up on the waybill so that
the owner couldn't get the horse until
he had paid freight on the horse and
my fare as well.
"It was easy traveling after that ex
cept for food. I was out of money
and couldn't begr anything in that
wretched country. It's the nearest I
ever came to starving to death. I used
to fight that cayuse for his hay. And
what do you think saved my life?
Tramps! Plain, played-out tramps
fellows working their ways along the
line. I hit on the scheme watching
them trying to steal rides. I found
some of them had loose quarters and
half-dcrllars. You bet it was not long
before I had smuggled a dozen of them
into my box car and under the hay at
25 cents for every station we passed.
Talk about railroad monopoly, it was
nothing to the cinch I had. And with
the money raised I just gorged. I lived
like a lord of provinces on this traffic
of tramps, and had just $8 50 to spare
when the engine whistle tooted and we
pulled into Los Angeles.
"After we had pulled into the freight
yard the trainmen asked me if I want
ed to unload the horse that night. I
staved them off by telling them that I
guessed I would wait until morning
and look up the owner first. I spent a
good part of that night figuring out
what to do. I didn't know just how I
stood as to the law. Perhaps they
could pull me in for defrauding the
railroad. I didn't know. I tried to
convince myself that as the railroad
company had taken the horse at $1000
valuation without examination it was
not my fault if he was not worth it, but
that ticket business bothered me. I
Redlands is well supplied with trans
portation lines. Although not directly on
a transcontinental railway line, two pass
I near the city, and the Santa Fe and
; Southern Pacific have trains to and from
Redlands to meet all overland trains, be
} sides running many local trains to and
j from Los Angeles. Redlands is near the
eastern bend of the famous "Kite-shaped
Track," the scenic route of the Santa Fe,
and also at the eastern terminus of the
I newly organized "inside track" of the
I Southern Pacific. There is in addition a
! motor line running to the county seat.
Although the newspapers of Los An
geles, both morning and evening, are laid
down in Redlands within a few hours
from the time they leave the press, and
the San Francisco papers reach here but
i one day late, the city is well supplied with
! newspapers. The Record is a good morn
! ing paper, the Facts, an evening paper,
| and the Citrograph, one of the best known
!of the weeklies in the State. Kedlands
lis a moral community. There are no
i saloons. There are several billiard halls.
| but no gambling houses, and what gamb
j ling there is must be done in secret. And
it is an intellectual center, as stated
above; besides the reading clubs, literary
clubs etc., there is a good public library
containing 4SOO volumes of the best books
published, and in spite of the fact that
there are very many good private libra
ries the public library is highly esteemed.
During the month of January. 1898, there
were over 2500 volumes withdrawn from
the library for home reading. The num
ber of books taken In this way is in
creasing all the time. In connection with
the library there is a reading-room, where
nearly all the good magazines and a
number of the newspapers are kept on
file During last January there were
! over 2000 visitors to the reading-room_The
library is now located in the Y. M. C. A.
building, and is much crowded for room.
But it will soon be moved to better quar
ters for there is nearlng completion the
Smiiev memorial library building by Al
bert K. Smiley, to be presented to the
° ThisTls the only exclusive public library
building in Southern California It Is
built on the old mission style of archi
tecture and Is in the midst of a fine park,
also to be presented to the city by the
Messrs. Smiley. The library building and
surroundings will have cost upward of
$100 000 when completed. The city is sup
porting the library by a light tax, but
there are liberal contributions from pri
vate Individuals which help make It the
useful institution that it is.
There was witnessed in Redlands last
January a sight obtainable here only
about once In five years. It was a snow
fall of about two inches all over the
orange-growing district. Orange, pepper,
calm trees, etc., were bending under the
weight of snow, which lasted but about
three hours and melted without freezing
the fruits. Golden globes upon the trees
and silver snowballs in the hands of the
children made a picture long to be re-
The seasons during which the different
kinds of Redlands fruits may be had art
as follows; Oranges, all the year; lemons,
all the year; limes, all the year; grape
fruits, December to August; olives, No
vember to January; pomegranates, Sep
tember to February; figs, July to Decem
ber- persimmons, November to March;
guavas, nearly all the year; loquats, May
to July; apricots, May to August; necta
rines, August to September; peaches,
June to December; plums, June to De
cember; prunes, June to November; pears,
August to February; apples, all the year;
quinces, October to February; grapes,
I nearly all the year; strawberries, nearly
■ all the year; raspberries, June to Decem
ber; blackberries, June to November;
dewberries, June to November; currants,
I May to June.
WILLIAM STUWti J-»H- V Ul*
didn't know but what they could hold
me for that. I concluded my safest
plan was to make myself scarce.
"I was up before daylight and had
my blankets, boots, bridles and all up
town by sunrise. I sold the whole out
fit for $10 and took the first train back
East as far as a dollar would carry me.
I figured that they would be more like
ly to look for me In every direction but
the one I had come from.
"I sprung myself a dollar for a ticket
to some point back on the line.
"I didn't know where I was going to,
for I didn't know one town from an
other those days. I got off at nay depot
and I tell you it looked a heaven of a
place with the pretty flowers all in
bloom. I wandered into some beautiful
grounds where the best-looking oranges
were growing I ever saw. I naturally
began to pick and eat them. All of a
sudden a tall, slim-built-looking old fel
low came slowly down the drive.
" 'Hulloa! said he, 'you seem to be
pretty much at home.'
"I told him I couldn't be in a better
place for home, and then on the spur
of the moment I told him my story.
Well, I couldn't have told it to a bet
ter man. It was Lucky Baldwin. He
was so tickled over the yarn that he
took me up to his house, ordered them
to give me a good feed, and then he
gave me $25 to help me on my way.
"I thought it best to go to Phoer.lx.
While there I got hold of a San Fran
cisco paper that contained the whole
story of m- trip, and how the railroad
company was out just $S7 50 cash by it.
They had been caught with the horse
on their hands. He was only fit for
the boneyard, but they couldn't tote
him off there because the law com
pelled them to properly advertise all
'property' left uncalled for with them.
They had to put him in a livery stable
and feed him till the time called for
by law expired, and what with the
stable bill, advertisements and charges
they were out $88 50. They sold him
at auction all properly enough accord-
Ins to law, and that pop-eyed old
cayuse brought exactly one dollar, ac
cording to the official report. '
"He was a great animal in one re
spect, and I've got a great regard for
him; he got to California alive and
didn't dump me. and he stood on his
pegs and looked the racer he
never was just long enough to fool the
railroad company and so help me to
reach the Golden West."
2930
Personal News from along the Coast
Miss Anna C. Jami
son of Sacramento is
visiting Miss Carrie
autum
Todd.
Miss Kitty Pettlngill or Palo Alto visited
"gS" J h a e mes DanieT of Vallejo Is visiting
MM FF B ' de' Gom« F and family have returned from
an 'extended stay in Oakland. <
John A. Hunting, of Tahoe. J. H. ■ Huth
of Todd and D. A. Russell of Colfax were here
General* Jo Hamilton was in Sacramento dur
in C^Safford was in San Francisco the first
of the week.
Mrs. P. W. Smith Is visiting relatives at
J %' Meacham left Saturday last for San
Francisco, taking the steamer Umatilla for
Andy Taylor Is seriously ill at his home in
th Ml Huntley division. Salmon Fall, visited
Miss Lou Fellows of Salmon Falls visited
friends In Auburn last week.
Howard and Charles Davis are home from
Coronado Ueach. San Diego County.
Misses Theo and Nellie Wills entertained a
number of their young friends Monday night-
Mrs W. D. Plnkston gave a luncheon >v.s
terday afternoon in honor of her sister. Miss
Clara N. Brown, who is out from Chicago on
aMrSIa Mr Sl and Mrs. W. E. Banbrock have return
ed from Forest Hill. .
Miss Mabel Spauldlnp is home after several
•weeks' visit in San Francisco. _
Mrs. J. D. Borland is at Coloma, called there
by the Illness of her lather. „„_«.
P Morgan of Georgetown and James Murphy
of Green Valley are the guests of Jam.?* Mor
gan and family.
T. W. H. .Shanahan
left for Sacramento
Wednesday night to
attend a meeting of
•*Anp<si ( Birtjs<jDip*'
was here Tuesday
J. N Belveal and George Wolfe of San Jose
were here last week.  .
E 4. Warren of Chlco was here Monda\.
James Feely of Red Bluff came up \N edr.es-
fli George Burtt is spending a few days in Red
Bluff.
Dr. Fulkerson has de
parted fur Klondike.
Mrs. George Llddell
of Dodge t ity. Kas.,
•Es&s^MA
Is here visiting her daughter, Mrs. George Me-
C. H. Fox has returned from a visit to
D George R. Mlckalls of Paso Robles Is visit-
Ing in this city. , _. ,
Dr. F. J. Bethel spent a few days in Stock
ton last week. .
Mrs M. J. Hartley. State organizer of the
Christian Women* Hour.) of Missions, spoke
Sunday evening at the First Christian Church
of Bakerslield. t
Mrs. J. B. Uatz is in Onyx, being called there
by a telegram announcing «he dentil of her
Bister. Mrs. J. H. Powers, 01 that place.
A Very pleasant and successful undertaking
was the -improvement bee -> starts l.y Hey.
Mr Beasley of the Methodist Episcopal church
South. The grounds about the church now
testify to the Improvement part of the "bee'
In nice walks and Bower beds.
] Uck Miller is home again.
Mr?. J. R. Gist of Kern is visiting relatives
In Vlsalia.
J E. Bailey is in Fresno.
Mtsa iSdna O. Wood an.i C. Sorenson were
united in marriage Monday. February SB. Hey.
Kelsey officiating. They left on -the evening
train for Sun Francisco.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Weniser of \ allejo are
visiting Mrs Ge rge Borgwardt of Bakersfield.
T. W. Lockhart was in Hanford on legal
business this week.
General Shatter was in town this week.
R. M. Pogson is in from the Tejon.
Attorney E'Jwin Swin
ford returned from San
Francisco Wednesday.
Supervisor J. H. Lav-
•* dr<a>Hd2j?s\ <*•
»nour was in Arbuckle Thursday.
Supervisor A. P. Spauldinij returned from
Maxwell early in the week.
Supervisor C. C. Felts has been quite ill
at his home near Maxwell.
Superintendent of Public Schools Mrs. H. L.
•Wilson has been busy visiting the county
schools for over a month. __■'-...
J F Goad nephew of J. W. Goad of this
Dlace "and W. F. Goad of San Francisco, ar
rived from the East Thursday to visit his
UI L. Howard of Kings County is visiting
relatives here.
C. W. Tuttle and wife have returned from
Joe Baum went by way of Arbuckle to San
Francisco Thursday.
H E. Schmidt. C. S. Porter, C. D. Cahill
and 3 H. Marcuse of Marysvllle came over
to attend the business meeting of Court Pride
of F. of A. No. SI Wednesday evening and
returned Thursday morning.
Mrs D. Gilmacher gave an entertainment to
the German literary class Wednesday even
ing J. F. Reagor has been In Willow* this
Rev. J. F. Reagor has been In Willows this
Mrs. Nesblt. wife of Rev. N. T. Nesblt, is
here visiting-
The ladies of the Christian Church gave a
most beautiful entertainment, consisting of
music, recitations and tableaux, for the ben
efit of their church
The Citrus Fair,
■with its thousands of
visitors, caused quite
♦dnisVcerfsl® 0 -
a stir In social circles.
Every home In town and vicinity had it?
Quota of visitors; old-time friends from far
and near, who combined the pleasures of fair
time with the renewing of lriendshlp's ties.
Family reunions during the Citrua Fair, like
Thanksgiving Day in other places, is a prom
inent feature in the social life of 'Sonoma s
Orange City." The past week has been dull
In a social way for above reas><ns.
Mrs A Cj-anz of I'klah is visiting at the
residence of her brother. Peter Arker.
Curtis Lodge No. 140. F. & A. M.. of this
Dlace. conferred degrees last Saturday night
followed by a banquet. The following prom
inent members of Abell lyidge No. 87. of
t'kiah attended the ceremonies: F. C. Han
dy Maurice Hlrsch, William Held, Dr. Q. W.
Stout Neil Anker. W. R. Elliott. H. B. Smith.
Colonel J. B. Benton. E. J. Donahue and B.
Mrs C H Mould and dauchter. Miss Elaine,
of Santa Rosa, visitors during the Cltrua Fair
at the resilience of P. H. Ludwlg, returned to
tliPlr borne this week.
Mrs A. A Tafft of N"w York Is a guest at
the residence of Mrs. L. J. Cooke.
The Misses Phillips of Bachelor. Lake Coun
ty visitors at the residence of Mrs. A. L.
Carpenter, have returned to their home.
Mrs A Crocker and daughter of Alameda
are enjoying a brief visit at the residence of
Mrs J- A. Kleiner. .
Miss Louise Batzar of the Van Vroom Den
tal Parlors. San Francisco, is here on a visit
with friends and relatives.
Mrs G- Winter of Haywards is spending a
short tlmo with her parents. Mr. and Mrs. II
H McKoon
Miss Mabelle Smith, cornet soloist at the
Citrus Fair, returned this week to her home in
Healdsburg.
Mrs. J. G. Levy ha?
returned to Fresno after
her Eastern trip. .
•« W<&snp® <t>»
Miss Manda Oalland
of San Francisco Is visiting Mrs. K. Ruben.
• W. T. Sesnon, the Sacramento politician, was
a visitor In Fresno during the week.
Miss Lottie Goldman of Merced Is visiting
the family of F. D. Vanderlip of this city.
H. C. Smith, the well-knuwn lumberman, re
turned Monday from a visit of tun months to
Mexico. He states that he will probably re
turn to that country to reside and intends en
gaging In the lumber buslnpsK there.
Mrs. Mary E. Spurber of Colorado Is visiting
her sister-in-law. Mrs. W L. Maxwell of this
city.
Miss Florence A. PunVr has returned from
Byron Springs and has resumed her position as
teacher of languages In the grammar grade.
/
George and Erastus
Wfljstor. who have
been here to attemi
their mother's funeral.
have returned to San Fraßclaco.
Lee Van Orden is home visaing his folks
Mrs. Martha Brockington is 111 with la
grip_pe.
Miss Josie Wllhelm, who has been visiting
her sister, Mrs. K. G. Dunn, of San Fran
cisco, has returned home.
M. Chadwick has returned from Tuscan
Springs.
The following persons died here this week:
John H. Warne, Albert Harris, Mrs. C. M.
Weldon and Mrs. E. C. Webster.
James Wnjt and wife, who have been on a
pleasure trip tv the bay. have returned.
Mrs. Hurley Is borne froru a visit to the
city.
J. Ponjade of Carson, New, Is here on a
visit.
The Cota brothers have gone to the Klondike
Miss Agnes Fletcher and Miss Ida Wllhrlm
have left for a visit to Mr. and Mrs. C. E.
Lindsay at Vlsalla.
C. W. Kitts has returned from Berkeley.
Mrs. J. F. Kldder is visiting In Southern
California.
John McCarty. who has been on a visit to
Ireland, has returned.
Mrs. Buckingham and daughter. Miss Annie
Hillman, are home from San Francisco.
Mrs. O. E. Rea en
tertalnod a company of
friemis Thursday even-
** {SfilFrWV
ing, the M lust., at pro
jfresslve euchre. In honor of her Bister, Mrs.
H J Hfpgln? of San Francisco.
Mies Kfilth Oiaef gave a farewell party lasi
Saturday evening before going to Salinas to
reside.
Mrs. H. O. Winhatn has returned to her
home In Snlinas.
Mre. John U Matthews of Salinas Is visiting
her mother, lira. M. Benas.
Miss Carrie Rea Is visiting relative* In San
D C l< nidJell has returned from San Fran-
Cisco. His son, Speer. sailed for Alaska last
Saturday. . . ...
George "Wentz has returned from a health
tf Mrs ° Charles Phillips of Sacramento Is the
truest of Mrs. E. F. Johnson. '
Mrs. Georgia Johnson is spending several
months with her "sifter, Mrs. Charles Horn
bock, in Los Angele*. ■ ■ • ' .-_;
Miss Frances Johnson of Palo Alto is in
town for a few day* 'j #"_,
.Mrs. M-'l-i.-n 1.a.1.i-S;irK"*nt has returned from
an extended stay with relatives in San ran-
C Mi ) s5 Mary Edwards, gave a delightful rau
slcale at her bunk- Friday evening, the 4th
"mlss Josie Wolfroni of San Francisco Is vis
ltin-~ her iilKtcr \l - - W. S. Moore.
■ Mtss • J. 11-ruy N?ckle of Meajf Park and
Nancy Place of San Francisco were recent
visitors at Bloomtteld Farm. - . ■*•-
Mrs. V K. Burrows has returned from ban
Francisco and Is the guest of friends here for
" Mr and^Mrs. Kd Rohr have returned from
their wedding trip.
James Hoyt of -San
Francisco was the guest
of I. J. Truman the
-•Hs^WaHJf*
• past week.
Dr F C. Pelrsol. lately of this place, but
now of Mendocino, was here on a short v ' Bl t-
Rev F M Greely of San Jose occupied the
Congregational church pulpit last Sunday.
Rev. W. Gloria of Oakland paid a visit to
Rev. J. A. Lally Tuesday.
Elmer Welsh and family of Alameda have
become residents of this place. •
Mrs T. J. Stanton and daughter. Bellnde,
have gone to Inyo, Riverside County, on a
visit to relatives.
Phillip Kimball departed for Copper River
Harry Knoi left for the Klondike Tuesday.
Mrs. Fanny Derrick
son of L<OB Gatos Is
vit-lting relatives In
-*M©ia\?Bssi?'«'
of town.
William Palmtag went to San Francisco the
middle of the week.
Mrs. Don Hawley of Napa is the guest of her
mother, Mrs. Hodges.
Senator and Mrs. Flint and daughter, Dor
othy, have returned from San Francisco.
N. C. Briggs was among those visiting the
city the past v. eek.
Mrs. Janus Kearney has returned from a
visit to San Francisco and Sacramento.
.Mis? Rita Bandy spent a few days in San
Francisco last week.
Miss Alice Ebi has returned from San Fran
cisco.
W. L. Davis has purchased an interest In
the Redwood City Democrat and has gone tc
Redwood Cltj to reside.
W. J. Durre has gone to Illinois on a visit
Ex-Senator Biggy of San Francisco was in
town last week.
There was a quiet
wedding in this city on
Tuesday morning at 7
*lllaMniiKM!<dl i *"
o'clock, the contracting
parties being J. C. Taylor and Miss Llda Bid
die. The wedding occurred at the residence of
the bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs. BicMle. Rev.
Mr. Reyburn, formerly of this city, but now lo
cated at Fresno, performed the ceremony. Mr.
and Mrs. Taylor took their departure on the
mirnint, train for their honeymoon trip to
Pan Francisco and Oroville. The father of tho
bride is a well-known banker of this city.
A. N. Vaughn and family took departure for
Delano, Kern County, on Tuesday, where they
will reside in the future.
Mr. Talbot of Riverside, after spending some
time here, concluded thnt Hanford was good
enough fur him and went to his old home last
week, returning here on Wednesday morning
with his family.
Mr. and Mrs. .Ttim.es H. Jones of San Fran
cisco r.re\stoppin? in this city.
W. H. Hutchlnson of Fresno County is vis
iting here, where he has hosts of friends, who
are ahvajs glad to sue him.
Hey. C. I. Cone, formerly pastor of the
Christian church in this city, left for San
Francisco this week to make arrangements to
$■' to the Alaska gold !.•
Miss Marsh, teaoher of the Eucalyptus pub
lic school. i= very ill, and Elmer Douglas has
charge of the school at present.
Miss Ella Thall, daughter or the manager of
the Alcazar Theater in San Francisco, lias re
turned home, after a few days' visit to friends
here.
Joe Corbin, a 13-year
old boy, while gunning
Monday, accidentally
discharged the gun he
©din w»-
was carelessly handling and the charge
took effect in his right loot, resulting in the
loss of some toes. He will be laid up lor a
few weeks.
Mr?. Dan McGee of Sacramento Is visiting
with her mother. Mrs. E. Taylor of this place.
James Pope made a business trip to the
Slough City Wednesday.
Miss Ida Beadsley is making an extended
visit with her sister, Mrs. Scott of Fresno.
Miss Henrietta Emde la the guest of Stock
ton friends.
Mrs. \V. H. Krause left Wednesday for a
few weeks' visit with her parents at Living
stone.
Rev. George Greenwell visited In Stockton
the first of the week.
Mrß. H. Shidy and daughter, Miss Eva, have
returned from a visit of several months in
Oakland.
Mrs. E. Deaver returned the first of the week
from a visit with relatives near New Hop*.
J. B. Certain, grand trustee, attended a
Jollification of Court Mokelumne, Foresters of
America, at this place Monday evening.
Merchant S. H. Kitchener returned Wednes
day from a business trip to San Francisco.
J. Craddock came up from San Francisco
Tuesday after a two weeks' stay.
Mrs. M. T. Wallace Is recovering from an
attack of la grippe.
Miss Anna Barry has
returned to Santa Cruz
after an extended visit
with her parents here.
»«ILs^<£|p<sn^ir»
Mr. and Mrs. John Craig of Woodland are
visiting his parents. Mr. and Mrs. Joseph
Craig, at Highland Springs.
John Crump went to San Francisco Monday,
where he will enter a law office.
Hurt Sayre. Ed Everett and David Dlsque
left this week for the Alaska gold fields.
Pavld Petree of Circle City, Alaska. Is visit
ing here this week.
Mrs. E. B. Hornung
and Mrs. E. D. Myrer
are home from an ex-
••/ia^#4i©»
* tended stay at the bay.
Charles Lathan. a former resident of this
section, arrived from Honford, Kings County,
William Mauch has gone to Indianapolis to
Mrs. C. M. Gorham Is home from the bay.
I>ouls C. Jacobs arrived from Oroville on the
Ist Inst to manage his newly acquired hotel
property, the Western House.
Mrs W. F. Bryant has returned to the bay.
Mrs' D.' McCrate visited friends at Orldley.
Miss Jessie Millar, who died at the home of
her mother Mrs. Thomas Newsome, in Wil
low* aged fifteen years, formerly resided here.
Miss. Leila Davis of Glenn County visited
Miss" Anna Brittan at Yuba City.
Frank Gunther, a former resident. Is here
°Thnmas Labadle and wife of Dobbins Ranch
Vl Miss An r nie Green of Yuba City has gone to
San Luis Oblspo to take charge of a school.
Mr. W B Green of Yuba City visited her
daughter. Mrs. Lou Cray. ■ In San Francisco.
Samuel Harding, a former resident, was here
'"mTsb Flora Schneider has gone to San Fran
cisco to attend the wedding of her cousin,
Essie Conn, and Isador Horn, which will take
place In Union Square Hall, March 5.
H. M. Harris was In San Francisco on busi
n< R S C Kells has gone to Woodland to enter
upon his duties as manager of the Yolo
orrhard. Eckart of San Francisco wns here to
W H Eckart of Ran Francisco wns here to
visit his brother. George It. Eckart.
Harry Wilson, a nephew of J. W. Moore of
Brown's Valley left this 1 point for Klondike.
Thomas Casey has returned from a week's
visit to friends in Oakland. .
W W. Shatter and family have gone to the
bay 'to reside permanently. "■ '■
Pr J. H. Flint was In Lincoln to visit his
aped mother, who la ill. _ .... .
Jutlue McXutt. Supervisor Conrath. Joseph
Purree. "John Peatty and John Beck were here
fr^m Smartsvillp. Gettins, a Dobbins Ranch
Liputpnant Daniel Gettins, a Dnbbtns Ranch
merchant, spent. Sunday In this city. ;_
Superior Court Jn<ler> E. A. ' Davis has been
quite ill with la grippe. His son. Will, and
wife were here from Los Angeles to visit him.
D Parish "and wife and T. W. Parish and
family of The Dalles. Or., passed through to
Forbestown to visit relatives.
Mis? Lola Earnshlelds Is home from a visit
to relative* at. the bay.
Pr G. H. Boyd is on the sick list.
• iron • D. A. Ostrom has entirely recovered
from an nttnck of pneumonia. ... ..
Dr. A H. SuKffett made a flying trip to the
bay on lrifinosp. .
A. J. Hatch was here from Napa on busl
n*>«">.
Harold Cornforth. manager and head ac
countant with the J. R. Garrett Company,
left Monday for a business trip in the East
arrl In 7*nrT». . '
E. A. ■ Tlnulton. the druggist, and family hay*
erne to the bay t n reside permanently. ■ :WiJ
Will Bnwen vi«i'.- ■■' relallveß In Stockton.-
Mrs. Mattte W'.ll'amsnn. "' who .■ visited ■ her
son. E. G. Van.Aredale. has r*turr>pd home to
«a«ramentn ncompanlPd by Miss Sidle Maim.
Frank Oilman Jr. of St. Matthews Cnlletre.
San Mntoo. spent a brief va«-Ptlon with his
parents. Mr and Mr«. B. P. Oilman.
A. C. Blneham, the banker, was In Red
Bluff on h" = lnPF>;. •
Mr« W. C. Terry of Amadnr City and Mlps
Jpnr.fP' Seymour of Kan Francisco w*rt here to
attend Uhi funeral o* the'r «'<=ter, Mrs. J. A.
Mab^n. v.-hlrh took place Sunday.
Judjsrp 'John C. Grny of Ornvill" presided In
th" Criminal Court bore this w<»ek. ■
Row .W. D. . McKlnncr. of f-ulpnn wa* th«
puPFt of Rev. ,M. Coleman on Washington's
birthday.
Mrs. John McDonald has returned to ■ ppcra
ner.tr>. nftPr a visit to her sisters, the Misses
Cunnlnphan. : • .' - _ .:-■••• : ' • , -..
Mrs, A SlcAlplne of nealcSshurp- rlr-ttixi her
mother. Mrs.. A. A. Robinson. ' in Tuba. Cltv. /
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 6, 1898.
Mrs. Van TVIe of Los Angeles visited J. B.
Stafford and wife, being en route to Klondike.
Frank R. Rose of Grass Valley, who mourns
the loss of his wife, visited his aunt here, Mrs.
L. Newbert.
Mrs. A. J. Menz Is visiting her daughter.
Mrs. H. A. Neimc-yer. in San Francisco.
Miss Rose Harris, who visited her sister,
Mrs. Ben Mayer, has returned to her home in
San Francisco.
Miss Eleanor Stone of Gridley. who visited
Miss Margaret Lowery. has returned home.
Mrs. Birmingham of Strawberry Valley, vis
ited C. G. Kline anil wire at Yubn City.
Dr. E. S. Moulton and Mlsa Fannie "smith
were married nt the home of the bride's mother
on Meadow Farm. Sutler County, Monday. Mr.
and Mrs. Moulton have gone to the doctors
home in New Haven, Conn., to reside.
Elizabeth 8.. wife of city Marshal J. A.
Maben, died on the 25th inst. of pneumonia.
■•^©iyfenifey*
Amadee JouiUin. the
artist, is in Monterey
with his friend, Alfred
O. Lt;rktn.
dlk S ' 3ogle Btarted Friday for the Kion-
J. W. H. James, the London railroad expert,
who for the past week has been examining the
harbor of Monterey in the Interest of a London
syndicate, left Wednesday for Holllater, ac
companied by A. W. Jones, the president, and
P. P. Dandrldge, the chief engineer, of the
Monterey and Fresno Railroad Company.
Among the Monterey visltorß to Salinas dur
ing the week were David Jacks, R. H. Willev.
W. B. Read. H. L. Bradford, S. B. Caruth arid
R. F. Johnson.
Miss Grace Burr has returned from San
Francisco.
Miss Eugenia Murray has returned from a
trip to her mother's ranch near Point Sur.
Miss Stella Odell has returned to her home
in Palinak
Ernest Michaells came over from Salinas this
week to visit his parents in Monterey.
i^©npII(SDTFfeA
A. J. Marcus and
family have moved
down from San Fran-
_ Cisco ror the summer.
E. B. Ryan and wife and their daughter and
Bon, Shirley, who have been stopping at the
Occidental Hotel, are occupying their subur
ban residence here for the summer.
Miss Musgrave of Alameda is visiting Mrs.
M. k. s> lier,
Rev. Mr. Robbins has moved to Saratoga.
C. X. "Felton has gone to Washington. D. C,
and will be absent three months or more.
Frank Johnson came down from San Fran
cisco Sunday to visit his parents.
The nnifagement of Miss Florence Mills of
this place to Henry Brackenburg of London
has been announced.
Miss Hattle Goldman
left for Fresno Mon
day to visit friends.
•»i*Wfli&©dU
Miss Millie Strong of
San Francisco Is visltlns her sister, Mrs. Harry
Stockard on the Meroed River.
Mrs. H. C. Short and Miss Mary Anderson
of Modesto were guests of friends in this city
this week.
Miss Belle Rosenthal of Modesto was the
guest of her parents in this city several days
during the past week.
M:s. Henry lyessman left Wednesday for
Stockton to visit for a week with friends.
Miss Jennie Castello of Pan Jose is the guest
this week of Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Baker.
Mr. and Mrs. E. H. Hoar visited In San
Francisco several days ln.«t week.
Fred Ladouceour of Mariposa was the guest
of his brother James Monday and Tuesday.
Mrs. Morton of Stockton is visiting this 'week
with her nephew, E. W. I^eeker. and family.
Mrs. William Jacobs of Snelllng visited
friends In Merced Tuesday.
Rev. W. M. Bonn and' wife returned Tues
day from a week's visit with rriends in Stock
ton.
Supervisor Abbott of Livingston was in town
Wednesday, ,
Mrs. W. A. Dennis
has gone to Alameda
on a visit.
f^fedi&<KillV
F. E. Robb has gone
to Reno, Nevada, to remain.
Mrs. M J. Duncan of Carson is here visit
ing her mi.thpr and Bister.
Fred Eilerman has returned from San Fran-
Postmaster Fitter of Grnnlteville Is here.
J. J. Jackson and family have returned from
San Francisco.
Hazen Little has returned to Santa Cruz
after a visit here with his mother. Dr. Slarv
E. Little. •
Charles Meany of Do.vnieville is here.
Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Eddy heve returned
from a visit to Sacramento .md Snn Jose.
Mr. and Mrs. James Collins have returned
to Courtland after a visit to their daughter.
Mrs. George Beckley of this city.
William G. Richards is home from Stockton.
Mrs. W. D. Cornish
went to Pan Francisco
Wednesday.
EWifefo^®
Miss Bescle Chestnut
is the guest of her sister. Mrs. Elmer P. Alex
ander. In Salinas.
W. S. Clayton/ and wife of San Jose anil
Miss Davidson of Gold Run are among the
week's guests at El Carmeio Hotel.
Charles Kraft left Monday for New York
City.
TALLEST AM SHORTEST MAN AND WOMAN IN CALIFORNIA.
FRANK EDGAR PECK of Chico, 6 feet 9 3-4 inches tall. MISS MARIE BARRAL of Oakland, 3 feet tall.
Mr. and Mrs. C. J. White of Kansas City,
Mo., who have been In Pacific Grove for the
past fortnight, itft Wednesday for Southern
California.
Mrs Jack Carroll of San Jose is visiting
Mr. and Mrs. C. J. Martin at Vista del Mar.
Judge F. E. Spencer and Mrs. Spencer of
Priii Jose spent a part of this week at El
Carmolo Hotel.
Mrs. J. H. Sale of Illinois and Miss Eliza
beth Baker of San Rafael are here for the
month of March.
Mrs. William Bartllng and daughter of Salt
Lake City arrived here Monday for an ex
tended stay.
On Friday evening
last Professor Uoebel
of Stanford University
*PsUfall3l*
* delivered a lecture un
der the auspices of the Ladies' Literary
Club, which was well attended and enjoyed by
those present. The subject was "American
Life as Reflected in German Poetry." The
ladies of the club hope to be able to present
various other attractive lectures to the public
here troni time to time.
The members of the W. C. T. U. held
memorial services for the late Frances E.
Wlllard Friday afternoon, at which was pre
sented an interesting programme.
<"harles Peck and bride arrived Wednesday
from Marysville to attend the funeral of the
former's sister, Katy.
George Jewell of Fresno has been visiting
his family here.
Henry Whitson left for Dunsmuir, Siskiyou
County, where he will assume control of the
Dunsmuir News.
Mrs. I. G. Wtckersham, accompanied by
Mlsa Bowers, has been visiting in Okland.
Mr. and Mrs. C. 1.,. Torr will shortly leave
Petaluma to make a new home in Paeo Robles.
Mr. Chespln and family have recently moved
here from San Francisco to make this city
their permanent abode.
The contemplated departure of Mrs. M. J.
Pierce from our midst Is deeply regretted by
her many friends and the necessity deplored.
Mrs. Pierce kas ever been ready to lend a
helping hand to all who needed It. has been
most prominent In church circles and an earn
est member of the charitable Meacham fund.
Mrs. John Field of Cloverdale was called
here by the death of her father, Major Sing
ley.
A. J. Shaw of Butter Creek is visiting his old
home here.
H. R. Coate is visiting his family In this
city.
Mlsa Carrie Williams Is visiting In San Fran
cisco.
The marriage o f
George W. Ogle and
Miss Mnspy Brink tonic
place at the home of
** lr (IDlEJ>®in)3s\ ••
the bride's mother on the corner of I'arcella
and Filth streets on Tuesday evening. Both
bride and groom are old-time residents of
Pomona and have a very large circle of friends
in this locality. The couple have tone to
housekeeping In a large and beautiful new
home that the groom has been building on
Pasadena street in Pomona for some months.
Mrs. J. Lane McComas of San Francisco Is
a guest at the home of relatives in Pomona
for a fe^v weeks.
Hon. Edmund F. Cushlng and family of
Portland, Or., have been visiting in Pomona
Valley for a month. They left for Fresno on
March 3 and will visit in Oakland before they
start for Oregon.
Richard Gird, the millionaire who struck It
rich in Tombstone in 1880, and who has prop
erty interests In this locality, is now In Chi
huahua. Mexico, on the biggest mining scheme
of his whole life.
The elegant . new residence— the finest and
costliest In Pomona Valley— that George Wick
ware of San Francisco is building In this
place, is nearingr completion. It Is a great im
provement to the appearance of the residence
part of Pomona.
Major J. A. Dnf field and family have re
moved from Chino, San Bernardino County, in
this locality, to Hueneme. <"nl.. where the
major Is general manager of the million dol
lar sugar factory that the Oxnard Company
la erecting there.
The engagement of Miss Nellie Filer, only
daughter of M. P. Filer of Glendora. to Harry
i' M. Wilson of Alameda. Cal.. is announced.
The marriage will take place on April 12.
*fedWtfl?* r
Dr. C. E. Thompson.
ftr.n "( Mr. ami Mrs. J.
I. Thompson of this
place, h*is located at
Dunsmuir to practice his profession.
ColQnel C. A. Garter was down from Red
ding on Sunday.
Mrs. EL P. Stice ha? returned from a visit
to her parents at Redding.
Miss Annie Graves ■■■■.tf rtained a large party
of friends at a violet tea last Saturday after
noon.. Miss Graves was assisted In receiving
by ber mother. Mrs. O. E. Qraves, Mrs. H. c.
Brook! and Mrs. H. 11. Klinore. Progressive
euchre was engaged in. and for those not oar
ing for cards wer>- the guessing contests. The
fortunate winners of prizes were: Lone hands
—Miss Alice Mayhew, a silver glove buttoner;
Mrs. H. C. Hughes, a silver letter opener.
Highest dumber of gamea, Mrs. a. U. Fuller,
souvenir neon. PortmM frueastng — Pencil tray,
Gorham Ward. Cake guessing contest— Vase,
Miss Lola Foster.
\\". 11. B;ir?t. who has been here on a visit
to his m "ther tin.] sister, stnrted Monday for
his hemp in Spokane.
WHO are the tallest and shortest people in California?
That is, of course, a hard question to answer, but
here are two people, who. If not the limits In their
respective sizes are at least very near It. If there are
others taller or shorter they had better come forward
and make themselves known.
Frank F.djjar Peck of Chico claims to be the tallest man in
California, if not the tallest west of the Rocky Mountains. He
3tnnda 6 feet C«% Inches in his stocking feet, and about 7 feet
with his shoes on.
Peck was born in Minnesota In 1837, and came across the
plains in 1559 to Butte County, where he has lived ever since.
He received his education in the public schools in Chico, and
after having left school went into the stock business, which he
followed for fome time. After this he was elected constable of
Chlco Township, in which position he served one term. For the
past four or live years he has been engaged In mining on Butte
Creek. "Frank," as he is always called, has been noted for his
height ever since he was a young lad, and among the boys at
»chool he went by the name of "Lengthy," "Slim," and "Long"
Frank.
Mr. Peck's father, George Peck, Is 6 feet 5% Inches in
height; his brother, James A. Peck, Is 6 feet 2 inches in height.
The Allen family, relatives of the Pecks on Mr. Peck's side,
and living in Chico, of which there are five boys, is noted for
height. The five boys are all over 6 feet tall.
Miss Marie Barrall of East Oakland is as dainty a little
lady as can be found on the Pacific Coast. She Is 21 years old,
highly educated— speaking and writing four languages fluently,
besides being an accomplished musician. Her exact height is
3 feet, although the measure inclines toward the short end.
California adopted her from her ancestral home in Germany
when she was 5 years old. She was a tiny creature then, but
grew slowly until she attained her present stature at the age of
16. Her brother and two sisters are of normal size, as are all
her relatives.
Unlike most persons who are noticeably smaller than their
fellow mortals. Miss Barrall is exquisitely proportioned from
the top of her charming little head with its crown of luxuriant
golden-brown hair to her fairy-like little feet. She does not in
the least suggest the word "dwarf"; she seems simply a cult
ured and extremely pleasing young woman viewed through the
wrong end of an opera glass.
Mr. Rosenfeldt, manager of the Lilliputians, is negotiating
with Miss Barrall to Join that popular organization, as he
declares her to be one of the most perfect specimens, mentally
and physically, of doll-like humanity that he has ever seen.
Mrs. Dr. Stillson and two little sons. George
and Merle, have returned to Seattle, after
spending the winter with Dr. and Mrs. West
lake.
Mrs. Chipman and Miss Alice are home from
San Francisco.
Mr. and Mrs. Elmer Kraft returned Tuesday
from San Francisco.
Mrs. Mary Bnhney is home from a delightful
visit to Southern California.
Mrs. J. C. Turner and daughter. Miss Minnie,
returned Monday from a trip to Woodland and
Sacramento.
"•PBGSslfnffp^*
Mrs. G. W. Warfleld
of Chico has Joined
her husband here.
Mrs. J. T. Hertier
has returned from San Francisco.
John C. Kesler was here from Anderson.
R. E. Bush, a local attorney, has returned
; from Oakland.
I Charles F. Nourse, assistant superintendent
I of the Iron Mountain mine, visited hist, parents
! in Redding, accompanied by his wife.
Frank Bartosh has gone to Los Angeles.
Ike Downing has gone on an extended visit
to Frnsno.
! C. R. Corning, a mining engineer, was here
: from San Francisco.
J. N. Gregg Is up from Red Bluff.
Charles W. Cross, a prominent lawyer, was
[ here from San Franciscu.
Mrs. L. M. Rhodes is visiting In San Fran
cisco.
; William F. Junkans of Weavervllle Is in San
Francisco.
Mrs. P.. M. Saeltzer visited In Red Bluff.
| Judge Edward Sweeny was in San Francisco.
M. Van Curen was here from Anderson.
Mr. and Mrs. Fred Dergch of Bear Creek
! ware in Redding.
Will Haskell was down from Kegwick.
Mrs. Denny Freel Is visiting Mrs. Sara Hull.
Mr. and Mrs. George
Dunn and daughter
have returned to San
Franciscu alter several
ScaapHsQ^llsin^i
months sojourn here. ■ ' . . .
Miss Li. Brimblecom has been entertaining
San Francisco visitors.
Mr. and Mrs. C. A. Baldwin have returned
from a several months' stay In Europe.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Helm have left for Stir
ling:, Kan., on a several months' visit to rela
tives.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Watson of Brockvllle. Can
ada, are the guests of Mr. R. Shields.
Mrs. C. B. Schell of Knights Ferry has been
visiting friends in town.
Mr. H. Briody of San Francisco Is visiting
Ills sister, Mrs. A. Ball.
Rev. and Mrs. J. P. Wldney have returned
to Los Angeles.
Rev. and Mrs. J. R. Compton are visiting In
Woodland.
6
...Melvln Parry of San
-Francisco, who resided
-In St. Helena thirty
'■ „ _ nve years ago, spent
the first of the week here.
j Judge H. J. Chlnn spent Saturday and Sun
day in San Francisco.
Norman Youngs and Angelo Borla went to
San Francisco Saturday, and on Monday will
sail for Juneau. Alaska. They were tendered
i a farewell party Thursday evening.
Mr. and Mrs. Fred J. Brownlee of Napa
spent Wednesday at "Inclowood," the home
! of Mr. and Mrs. A. L. Williams.
Mrs. I. N. Enright of Ran Francisco spent
Friday and Saturday In St. Helena.
Professor A. P. Hayne of the agricultural
' department of the State University spent
Sunday in St. Helena.
Miss Maude Davis of Oakland Is visiting her
parents, she sang at a concert given here
; Friday evening..
Miss May Davis returned from Oakland
i Wednesday evening from a visit with her sis
| ter.
Miss Ada Wlnkler of Healdsburg Is visiting
her coostn, Mrs. F. L. Alexander.
Miss Leonie Coutolenc went to San Francisco
| Monday morning, where she will enter a busi
ness college.
Mrs. X Angwin and son are visiting rela
1 Hyps In Sacramento.
Frank Pellet. Myron Richie. Otto Schmidt,
■ George P. Skorg and Frank Rann of St. Helena
I soiled for the Klondike on the steamer Unia
j tilla.
Major and Mrs. John A. Darling haye 're
turned from their trip to the Hawaiian Is-
I lanus and the Orient.
Miss Shattuck. recently appointed Postmis
i tress of Weavervllle, Is visiting her aunt. Mrs.
i Hunt.
Mr. and Mrs. A. .T. Newman, who have r=
reslded here for a number of years, sailed last
j week from San Francisco for Eureka, where
■ they will make their home.
Mr. and Mrs. William H. Mills, accom
juinled by Dr. and Mrs. A. E. Rockery of
Portland, Or., were In Pt. Helena last week.
Fred Berlnger, who has been In Colorado for
' the past five years, sailed last week for the
• Klondike.
Miss May Keller of
San Luis Oblspo has
come to spend the win
ter with Miss Clara
<*» SsanpUsi Atn>S\»
■ . ■
Garusey of this city.
E. T. Miller of Cambridge. Mass., visited
Mr. and Mrs. I. S. Insley last week.
Professor B. T. Galloway, chief of the divis
ion of vegetable physiology and pathology In
the J'nited States Department of Agriculture,
arrived here from .Washington, D. C. last
week. He Is accompanied by Mrs. Galloway,
and expects to remain In this city some time
for the benefit of his health.
Mr. and Mrs. J. R. Congdon visited their
daughter. Mrs. R. B. Cook of Caplstrano, last
woek.
Mrs. N. E. Burns returned to her home in
Santa Paula last week, after a visit with Mr.
and Mrs. E. C. Jones of this city.
Mrs. W. O. Griffin of San Pedro was the
guest of Mr. and Mrs. L. B. Fine last week.
While here she attended the hop of the Yorke
Club, which she organized a year ago.
Eusene Wellke or Topeka, Kan., is visiting
relatives here. •
.fSaalinnpsay**
Harry Ashland Greene
and hi 3 two children,
William and Miss Ur
sula, of San Francisco.
spent the early part of the week with inenas
in this city and then left for Monterey.
Attorney F. J. Murphy of Watsonvllle has
been attending to legal business here thla
Judge F. E. Spencer and wife of San Jose
came down the early part of the week and
the Judge attended to some legal matters
while here. ' .
Mrs. J. C. Wood and the Misses Mary and
Lida B Wood came over from Watsonville
to attend the wedding of their friends, Mlsa
Nellie C. Berry and Miles Sherwood.
Sam Matthews, the veteran cattle dealer and
brother of Sheriff Matthews of this county,
left for San Lucas recently to remove 1000
head of cattle from that place to Lavermore
on account of the scarcity of feed. *
Mrs. Amelia Carless of Del Monte Grove is
over on business this week and is the guest ot
the family of S. M. Shearer on Front street.
Her nephew, C. W. Crane, accompanied her to
Mrf. N. F. Htldebrand of Portland. Or., who
has been visit! ng Mrs. James McMahon la
this city for the past several months, has re
turned home. _ ,
H. G. Winham of the real estate firm of
Winham Bros, has returned after a sojourn of
several weeks in San Francisco and other
Luther Rodgers. cashier of the Monterey
County Bank In this city, left Salinas this
week for a two months' vacation vv hlie
away Mr. Rodgers will visit the Sandwlcn
Islands and probably Australia.
Dr. White Wolf, the Indian doctor, has been
In Salinas several days this week and expects
to soon locate permanently here.
Mrs. F. S. Jones and
sister. Miss Lottie Chad
bourn, went to Fresno
the first of this week
-sSdiratop*
to attend the wedding of E. J. Miley of Suisun
Valley and Miss Beatrice Butler, daughter ol
A. B. Butler of Fresno.
Miss Edith Bruce of San Francisco is visit
ing friends In Suisun Valley.
Miss Stella Cannon of Santa Rosa Is here or.
a visit with Mr. and Mrs. Charles E. Barnes.
She will probably remain here during the sum
mer month?.
Miss Fannie Rice has just returned from a
visit in San Francl6co.
Miss Abbie Soule of San Francisco returned
here last Sunday to resume her duties aa
teacher of the Union District School.
Mlbs Sadie J. Lewis, "Juliet Crosby." came
from San Francisco last week to remain In
definitely in Suisun with her parents, Mr. and
Mrs. J. G. Lewis.
Mrs. Charles Bern is
in San Francisco.
Mrs. John Hunolt.
»"&fflfe &Jnz»
who has been visiting
her mother. Mrs. P. Moran. near Soquel, has
returned to her home in Missouri.
Miss Kate Hyland is down from San Fran
cisco and is the guest of her sister, Mrs. Rob
ert Elliott.
H. D. C. Barnhardt is in San Francisco.
Captain Gray is down from San Francisco on !
a visit to his daughter. Mrs. George Byrne.
Mr. and Mrs. H. C. Brown of the Brown
Palace of Denver, Colo., were at the Sea Beach
this week.
Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Bennett of Clinton. la.,
have been visiting Mr. and Mrs. B. F. Booth.
Mrs. Florence Crooks has returned to San
Francisco.
Thomas O'Connor has returned from San
Francisco.
Miss Josephine Sims of Visalla is visiting
her friend, Mrs. Fred McPherson.
Miss Kate O'Neil of Oakland spent Sunday
with her brother, Thomas O'Neil.
Edward James of Portland, Or.. Is visiting
Dr. C. Smith on Bay street.
Clarence Moran and Miss Josle Moran have
been in San Francisco the past week.
Charles Runge is home from Australia.
Miss Cora Hyde, who has been visiting Rev.
and Mrs. WIUls at Grass Valley, is home.
Mr. and Mrs. H. Francis Oregon leave in a
few weeks on a trip to Europe.
H. S. Deming has returned from an East
ern trip.
John R. Chace was over from San Jose and
spent Sunday in Santa Cruz.
Mr. and Mrs. John D. Gray are In San Fran
cisco.
Mr. and Mrs. J. P. Smith have left New
Orleans and will arrive In this city next
week.
Mrs. Sterling Bedell of Oakland Is visiting
her parents, Mr. and Mrs. L. T. Ware, near
Soquel.
Mr. and Mrs. James O'Brien have returned
to San Franclsrn.
Miss Stella Ray Is visiting relatives in San
Francisco.
Charles Canfleld has returned from Glenn
County, where he paid Mrs. C. M. Bound a
visit.
Dr. and Mrs. J. P. Parker, after spending
a week in San Francisco, have returned
home.
Dr. Ell McClish of the University of the Pa
cific spent several days In this city this week.
Miss Annie Sullivan Is In San Francisco.
Mr. and Mrs. H. E. Gardner and Misses Lulu,
Alice and May Gardner are spending several
weeks in San Francisco.
A. E. Leech and fam
ily, after a continuous
residence in this place
of over two years.
*§®cp<2)mpi «"
have removed to Oakland.
Mrs. Joseph McMullen of Santa Rosa \-lstted
her mother, Mrs. M. Bates of this place, last
Sunday.
Rev. Father Whyte, who was at one time
pastor of St. Francis' church here. Is now as
sistant pastor of Sacred Heart church, Temes
cal.
Mrs. M. Donahue of Schellville Is visiting in
San Francisco.
Mrs. S. Schocken, after spending some time
with San Francisco relatives, has returned to
her S'.noma home.
G. Barbarin of this place, who is In the
French Hospital, San Francisco, being treated
for a cancer, will return to Sonoma and as
sume control of his business In about two
weeks.
Supervisor T. C. Putnam was over from Peta
luma last Tuesday looking after the Interests
of the county In this section.
John Revie contemplates leaving shortly for
a brief business visit to El Dorado County.
Mr. and Mrs. James Cowan of Glen Ellen
were the guests of Sonoma relatives Thurs
day.
Mrs. A. D. Moore of
Philadelphia has leased
the Brinkerhoft resl-
SsKjpllailsirilriSci 1^
dence for a year and
will spend the summer here.
Mrs. B. F. French, who has made her home
at Miramar the past three months, has de
parted for Boston.
Mrs. Emmons Blalne, daughter of Mrs. Cyrus
McCormick of Chicago, is at Montecito visit-
Ing her mother.
D. \V. Pierce, who for the past four years
has been In the insurance business here, has
left with his family for Los Angeles, where
he becomes special agent for the Lancashire.
Mr. and Mrs. H. Van Buren of N'yack-on-
Hudson, who have been visiting at Nordhoft,
are here for a short sojourn.
Miss Reglna Breslauer has -departed for San
Francisco, where she will be the guest of
her sister, Mrs. Louis Hertz.
George E. White, the famous cattle king of
Mendoclno County, accompanied by his bride
after a sojourn of some days here, has de
parted for San Francisco.
Samuel Ingram, a prominent business man
of Branford, Conn., accompanied by Mrs In
gram, is here spending a few weeks with
friends at Montecito.
Senator R. Llnder of
the Llnder J'ardware
Company is having hiß
•*-"lßnJs#e «>■
handsome and com
modious storerooms decorated with paint and
brush.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Davis of Illinois the
latter a sister of Mrs. W. C. Bare, are here for
a visit. They will probably locate at Tuiare
J. M. Foster, one of our Alaska pilgrims has
been heard from at Wrangel Island.
Miss lone Adams displays the first bouquet
of sweet peas of the season.
Miss Ada Scott is visiting friends at Gait
R. S. Finn of the Southern Pacific Company
spent Saturday in town. He will resume his
old run In charge of the Visalla flier.
T. M. Carkeek of Stockton Is here for a
week's visit with friends.
Mr and Mr?. B. P. Oakfnrd will receive
friends Thursdays during the month of March
J. M. Estes and Miss Emily White were
married Sunday by Rev. H. E. Wilhlte. They
will make their home in Tuiare.
Miss Lotta Hunt of the Postal Telegraph
Company Is again at her desk.
Mrs. J. N. Anderson Is visiting in Los Ange
les with her daughter, Mrs. Grace Cather.
The Ladies' Auxiliary gave a delightful tea
party Friday night at the residence of Mrs.
C. H Rendell.
Uriah Wood is here from San Jose.
Mr. and Mrs. A. V. Phillips spent Sunday at
Berenda.
Mrs. William Ambrose, who has been spend
ing the winter with her son. \V. C. Ambrose
of Bakersfleld, is spending a few days with
friends at Tuiare.
Mrs. Ed Parsons of
Ran Francisco is here
visiting her two daugh
ters, Mrs. W. G. Dozier
-o^JaJlcs^
and Mrs. \ an Alstyne.
William H. Alford Is at home again after
a visit of over a week In Los Angeles on law
business.
Mrs. Frank 3. Cooper of I^os Angeles has
been visiting friends In this city.
William \V Kirkman arrived here from Den
ver this week and will probably make his
home here.
Ray S. Finn, conductor on the flier, has r«
turned to Visalla. His family will remain in
Monterey some time yet.
Miss Fannie P.earss of Boston is here, the
guest of Mr. and Mrs. R. P. Grant.
Sidney Showers of Ashland Center, Mich.,
has located in this city. His family will soon
follow him here.
Mr. and Mrs. Walter J. Mitchell are homo
again after spending their hone3 - moon In San
Francisco.
Dr. C. E. Bernhnrd has closed out his office
here of pension examiner for the Government.
Mr. and Mrs. John B. Knox of St. Louis.
Mo., who have been visiting relatives here,
have gone to San Francisco to remain some
time.
F. W. Chapman of Stockton is in town work
ing up a lodge of Foresters with much suc
cess.
Mrs. Marcus Rowland is visiting this week
with Mrs. 11. Eddy of Fresno.
Al Malms and Paul Walterstein are almost
ready to start to the Klondike. They take six
dogs along.
Professor Thomas Wolfenbarger of the
Stockton Business Colleze was in town the
other day to visit friends.
. •*fej>lftiiai&«-
Mr. and Mrs. Murray
L. Johnson of Oakland
visited the OJai Valley
"- '•'- •• last week.
Hon. F. W. Ewlng was in Santa Barbara
this week.
Miss Georgle Walton entertained at caifla
Tuesday night.
Miss Minnie Kincher of Pomona College Is
visiting friends In OJal Valley.
Hon. R. A. Dague - has gone to Santa Ana,
where he recently purchased the Standard.
Mr. and Mrs. L. E. Mercer are in Los Ange
les.
Hon. B. T. Williams was in Santa Barbara
Monday.
J. J. Keating and four assistants are in this,
city in the Interests of The Call.
On Sunday evening a - farewell party was
tendered Mr. ami Mrs. N. L. Wineman of
Devils Lake, who have been visiting Mr. and
Mrs. S. M. Wineman. * ,
Mr. and Mrs. F. B. Clewett have gone to
Los Angeles.
E. C. Sharp, an electrical engineer, is here.
R. G. Wallace of San Francisco was here
last week.
Charles H. Mower, secretary of the Santa
Barbara County Poultry Association, was here
this week. •
George E. White, the "Mendocino Cattle
King," and wife were here last week.
Town Councllmen Shaw and Hund were in
Riverside this week Inspecting electric light
plants. The town will erect a plant.
Grand Commander George D. Metcalf offi
cially Inspected Ventura Commandery No. 18,
K. T., Wednesday evening.
Judge Day of Santa Barbara was In this city
Monday.
•Irs. E. Benchly of Los Angeles attended the
funeral of her father, Captain William Wag
ner. Saturday.
William H. Ramsey, editor of the Santa
Pau'-> Chronicle, has gone to Washington,
D. C.
Miss Mary E. Barbour, a national temper
ance evangelist, is here.
Mr. and Mrs. Georga
North and Miss Maude
North, who have spent
the winter In Oakland,
-^Wnijillc^ 1*
have returned to their home In Winters.
J. E. Pleasants and Mrs. S, W. Reaves of
Los Angeles, brother and sister of W. J.
Pleasants. are the guests of the latter at his
home in Plearants Valley.
Sam Carpenter, who has spent the winter in
San Francisco, has returned to Winters.
George B. KatzenstPin of Sacramento was the
guest of William Brinck this week.
James Fassett of Oakland is visiting his
father and relatives here.
Mr. and Mis. G. L. Curtis of East Oakland
are the guests of Mr. and Mrs. S. J. Sill at
SlHvington.
Miss BioJle Green of Sacramento is the
guest of MKs Emma Leehlolter
B. R. Sackett Is In San Francisco this week.
Mrs. E. J. Clark and daughter. Lou, went
to San Francisco Thursday for a week's
visit.
Mrs. Dr. Gordon of
Gonzales is visiting her
parents, Peter Cox and
wife, in this city.
WaSjf©^!©
P. W. Morse, secretary of the sugar fac
tory, visited San Francisco this week.
Charles Hobsnn left this week for his fu
ture home at Mobile, Ala.
J. Waugaman and wife have returned to
their home in Kern County.
Dr. Stimson has returned from an extended
trip to Canada.
E. A. Middleton spent t.be past week in the
coast metropolis.
Mrs. J. E. Farley of Pacific Grove was visit
ing her parents here the past week.
W. A. Beck spent a portion of this week In
San Francisco.
Mrs. Charles Van Sanrtt of Toledo, 0., Is the
guest of her sister. Mrs. C. A. Palmtag.
R. T. Grant and wife were visitors to
Monterey this week.
Ike Mendelson visited San Francisco this
week.
James Moore is visit
ing in San Francisco.
W. H. Farley and
wife have gone to San
*° W®ocnlflssiiMll*
Francisco to reside in the future.
9. M. Griggs has returned from San Fran-
Attorney A. C. Huston and D. H. Wyckoff
have returned from Sacramento.
J. D. Stephens, after a visit with relative*
here, has returned to Highland Springs.
Rev. H. M. McKnlght and Miss Minnie Mc-
Knlght of Oakland were the guests of Wood
land relatives last week.
Miss Carrie Apperson has returned to Dlxon.
Rev. J. R. Compton and wife of Santa Clara
have been the guests of W. R. Laugenour and
family this week.
George J. O'Connor and wife and Mrs. Kata
Stephens went to San Francisco Wednesday.
Charles R. Hoppin was in Sacramento this
week.
Mrs. A. M. "Wheeler
has returned from a
two months' visit In
■California.
-♦AjfeA**
Hon. John Fox assumed the duties of Col
lector of Customs at this port Monday, Feb
ruary 21. appointing as his deputies F. L..
Parker and Duncan McLean.
Frank Green, ex-chief of the Fire Depart
ment, has returned from Alaska, where he se
cured a rich claim on the B!g Salmon.
John W. Welch, W. F. Ray (formerly of San
Francisco) and C. Ft. Thompson, a well-known
attorney of this city, have Incorporated tha
Yukon Repairing and Dredging Company, with
a capital stock of $10,000.
L. M. Hausilman. D. Frankel and George K.
Burton of San Francisco were visitors In the
city this week.
Captain Randall of the Spreekels tug Relief,
Thursday towed the British ship Rosshlre from
the sound to Astoria In a storm In the re
markably quick time of thirty-six hours.
Andrew P. Ross and bride of this city were
among the passengers lost on the ill-fated
Clara Nevada. They leave many friends and
relatives here to mourn their loss.
F. P. Kendall has returned from a visit In
San Francisco.
The fishing situation here Is very tame. J.
O. Hawthorne, the well-known canneryman.
says he never saw an approaching season
heralded with so little stir. There are nbso
lutely no preparations yet in hand by packers
or fishermen. The season opens April 10.
Usually before this plans for the pack and
prices of fish are well defined.
Two of Oregon's pioneers died in Astoria this
week. Gilbert K. Partridge, a Mason of lop.g
standing, aged 67. passed away on the 2.ith.
The funeral occurred on the 26th under the
auspices of Temple Lodge, No. 7. F. and A.
M . and St. John Chapter No. 14. R. A M.
A large concourse of people accompanied the
remains to Greenwood Cemetery. Mrs. P.
Roolling. aired N years, expired at 11 o'clock
the nig-ht of the 26th. She was born In Ba
varia. Germany, in ISIS, came to Oregon In 1547
and settled in Astoria in IMH. She leaves sur
viving her four children, three daughters, Mrs.
M. (". Flave! and th>* Misses Sophin and Eliza
G. Boelling, and one son, V. Boelling.
-^Wfjffijk©*
ALBUQUERQUE.
N. Mex.. March 2.—
Mrs. H. S. Ni nes has
returned from a visit to
Topeka, having been away about a month.
Mrs. Gilbert Le Bar of Jemei Hot Springs
| has gone on ■ visit to her old home in In. limit
Rev. E. P. Donne and family have moved
from their late residence In the highlands to
the Morris ranch, on the Mountain road.'
Rev. George Selby of Las Vegas has been
appointed a regent of the Territorial Normal
School.
W. I. Trimble returned Friday evening from
a trip to Missouri.
Th« Young Peoples Society of the Congre
gational church had a "Chinese social" on
Thursday evening, which was unique and in
teresting...
Mis. Franz Hunlnjy of Albuquerque has gone
to Washington to visit her daughter th»
wife of Congressman- Fergusson.
President Herrick of the university and
I Mrs. Herrick gave a dinner party to a few
i friends Thursday evening, in honor of Mrs.
I Terry of Socorro. . . ■
Mr. and Mrs. Southgate of San Marcial hava
gone to Idaho, and will probably make their
residence in that State. . .
L. P. Castle of the Alton Mining Company of
Hell Canyon has been in town for a few days.
Mrs. A. P.. MeGaffey of Fort Wlngate has
been In town for the last few days visiting
her parents. Mr. and Mrs. H. E Fox
Mrs. Ralph Halloran started for New York
Tuesday afternoon, having been summoned to
attend the death bed of her mother.
There has been an epidemic of la grippe In
town ; for the - last two weeks. It is of mild
form— not dangerous, but very disagreeable.
James Rynerson. one of the pioneers of th»
lower Rio Grande Valley, died at Las. Cruces
Friday night. : .
Mrs. W. E. Hackett of . San Marcial is visit
j Ing friends in Albuquerque, v
■ Major Q. A. Hale. of, the Government Indian
school :at this place has Just returned from a
visit to Santa Fe. .
■t'E,. M. Harold of Golden has been in town
I several days during the week. v .'COMMERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY OJT THE MARKETS.
Silver firmer again. ; .":. ,
Bank clearings show the usual gain. \
Wheat dull and weak. ■• .-.•.'- ; ;
Blirley futures firmer.
Oats, Corn and Rye dull. .:;. . : ..
Hay weaker. Feedstuffs unchanged. . ./'.-.
Beans and Seeds quiet and unchanged. -''
Coal easier and in better supply. ■, , J^ "" '■'-
Oregon Potatoes, doing better. Onions un
changed. , - ; ■•"
Butter continues to decline. . ;7.-'.'y.
Eggs unchanged. 'Cheese -lower. . *-,
More Eastern Poultry coming. " Game slow. j
.Oranges cleaning up. ■ ' ■ . '
Provisions rather quieter.
Mutton very firm. Hogs steady. :
Dried Peas lower. •• <■;■_;... .
BANK CLEARINGS.
Local bank clearings last week were $17,435 -
614^ against' $14,679,133 for the same week in
GOLD FROM EUROPE.
Gold Is flowing into this country from Europe
and it is estimated that at least $50,000,000 will
come Already about 16.000.000 hns been en
gaged.
"'i^; 1 ,.- EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top fig
ures at station indie:, .c maximum temperature
lor the days; those underneath it, If any. the
amount of rainfall, of melted snow in inches
and hundredth? during the past twelve hours.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; Isotherms,- or dotted lines, equal i
temperature. The word "•high" means high
barometric pressure and is usur-lly accompanied
by fair weather: "low" refers to low pres
sure and Is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. . When
the pressure Is high in the interior and low
along the coast, and the bars extend north
and south along the cant, rain la probable:
but when the "low" is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is Im
probable. With a "high" In the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Call- •
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
in summer and colder weather in winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result. -
. WEATHEit REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Time.)
' BAN FRANCISCO, March 5, 5 p. m.
The following are the rainfalls for the past
twenty-four hours ,-.:. i .seasonal rainfalls to ;
date, us oompared with those of the same date j
last season:
- . Past This Last •
Priu t<>n.« — - ".24 I. Season. Season.
Eureka 0,02. 26. 75' 88.51 ;
Red luC 0 11.93 21. !
Sacramento 0 - -, .S;i4,y~ 1-4.76 j
San Francisco 0 7.32 19. 6G i
Fresno 0; 3.4."> ->- 8.95
San Luis Oblspo 0- 5.14 •'- 15. 76 ;
Los Anceales 0 4.27 .' 15.54
San •lego 0 3.38 10.57-
Yuma • 0 1.26 5.31 '
San Francisco temperatufe: Maximum.- 58;
minimum, 46; mean, 12.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
There has been a slight fall in pressure dur
ing the pa.st twenty-four hours throughout \
Washington and a slight rise throughout Cali- i
fornia and the region to the eastward. , Partly i
cloudy weather prevails throughout, the l';iciflc
• '-•ast States, with. -Jos along the Immediate
coast, from San Francisco northward. Similar
conditions are -likely to prevail on Sunday.-
Forecasts made at San Francisco' for thirty :
hours ending midnight, March '.. IS3S: i
Northern California — Partly cloudy Sunday:
Bllehtly cooler in th.- Sacramento Valley;- light
variable wind, generally westerly on the coast. j
Southern California— Partly cloudy Sunday;
fresh- westerly winds on the coast.
Nevada — cloudy Sunday.
Utah, Arizona— Fair Sunday.
San Francisco and vicinity— cloudy i
Sunday, probably with fog late In. the after- ;
noon; brisk westerly winds In. the afternoon.
Special report from Mount Tamalpais, taken '
at 5 p. m. — Partly cloudy: wind southwest. 4 I
miles per hour; temperature. 58": maximum. • 63.
W. H. HAMMON.
■ Forecast Official.
EASTERN
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. March s.— Liquidation. was re
newed with energy on the Stock Exchange
to-day and the Saturday short session was long
enough to effect some very striking declines.
'Large selling orders were executed for Wash
ington account, as -was the case yesterday.
There was no news to account for this sell
ing, beyond a general, feeling of apprehension
over the Spanish situation. ■ -
There were occasional -rumors of new de
velopments set afloat, but to a large extent they
represented the guesses of room traders as
to the motive for the Washington selling. A
rally In the late dealings was in part the re
sult of covering by the shorts who had sold
early in ~ the day. but the' coincidence of the
raJly with the appearance of the bank state
ment seemed at variance with the statement,
which was in some respects a disagreeable sur
prise. The contraction in loans, the falling off
In deposits and the, decrease in cash were much
larger than had been . expected. The fact that
th« financial world had been going through
such a trying period. with so little harm re
sulting was accepted as a bull card. In view
of the underlying strength. of conditions which
is thus demonstrated. Nevertheless the gen
eral list, shows marked net declines extending
to over a point in some. cases. Union Pacific
preferred. Northwest and Manhattan were the
special points of weakness. The grangers were
relatively, firm. and the coalers also showed re
sistance to the decline.
Dealings In Pu-rar were large and there
seemed to be good support for this stock.
As a measure of the uneasiness felt ; by the
financial community over the status of the
country's relations with Spain, to-day's state
ment of ' the New York clearing house banks
makes a striking exhibit. There Is In it evi
dence of a great drawing in of credits and fix
ing of reserves. The statement was a surprise.
It has . been known that the demands, of the
country for money- for active use have fallen
off considerably this week, .but the statement
nevertheless shows a decrease In cash reserve
of nearly $8,000,000. That this reflects the with
drawal of deposits In New-York banks by in
terior institutions as a precautionary rc-Asure
to strengthen their reserves Is ..beyond doubt.
The enormous contraction in loans of $13,622,
000 represents the precautionary measure of the
New York banks and explains why .money.- for
purely speculative purposes had. become scarce,
why liquidation on the. Stock Exchange -has
been forced and .why prices were acutely de
pressed. It Is possible that some part of the
loan contraction In due to liquidation , on 'Ster
ling exchange collateral, which has been with
drawn from use in importing gold.. But it is
the general belief that the gold imports have
been made on the sale of new bills, j against
London ! purchasers of American': securities,
which was heavy last week, and against grain
shipments from" here. . ■'■ ■,■_,-....
The net result to the clearing house banks j
Is a decrease in- deposits of $23,193,900. :' < -V.
Gold- In transit for New York or received to
day amounts In the aggregate to ; $3,800,000.
which will serve" as an offset to - the banks'
looses of cash. The situation In the stock mar
ket is closely analagous to that which followed
the culmination of the rise In prices -last Sep
tember. The movement of ; money tm»rl to the
Interior to move the crops caused a' stiffening
of money rates and liquidation . Of speculative
stock- holdings. Whether the' Import movement
of grold will result In a*■ renewed advance in
■toojea -with the 'easing, of -the money rate re
mains to be seen. That the disposition for the
moment is against speculative outlay Insec
urities If evident, ■ though large capital appar
ently stands ready to buy stocks- at ■ any «on
'Afterable decline In prices. ■■• The decline of the
latter part of the week has not, in all cases
wiped out the • early advance and net changes
are mixed. . .**. ' .. ..>.i.. ; *-v ,-.>.■ ■* -^
-Bonds-have not been as active as stocks, but
have moved In sympathy with them within a
i narrower range. ..-■. .„.._:
*' United-States old 4s and the 2ds are 44 lower
and the new 4s 14 lower bid . -
Total » sales of stocks ;. to-day wer* 235,600
i shares, including: Burlington,* 11,011; Louis
ville , and Nashville, 3540; Manhattan, 21,062;
Metropolitan j Street - Railway. * 3616: New York
Central, 63. .0; Northern Pacific. .4500: Northern
Pacific preferred,' 11,407; Rock Island, - 10,484;
St Paul. 15;355; Union Pacific 3*5; Union
Pacific, Denver and Gulf, 4200: People's Gas,
6600; Sugar, 34,640; Western Union, 5669.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atehison ......... ll*i St P & 0m....:. 70%
Do. pref 26% i Do pref 150
Baltimore. & Ohio 17% [St P M & M 134
1 Canada Pacific ... 84 So Pacific ........ 17' 4
Canada- Southern: 4S So Railway ...... 8%
Cent Pac 12U I Do rref 27' 2
*hes & Ohio 20ii Texas & Pacific... 10Vi
I Chi & Alton .:.. 155 Union Pacific .... 2S
; Chi B & Q. ....... SSI U P D & G....... 8%
i Chi & E 111 54 |*Vabash ........... 6%
ICCC &St L.... 30% Do i>ref ........ ln\
Do pref 77V. Wheel & L E.... '2%
Del & Hudson .. 110' " Do pref '10%
: Del L & W. ....... 150 Express Companies —
i Den & R 0 12 Adams Ex 101
Do pref 46 American Ex .... 126
Erie (new) ... . 13% United States .... 42
Do Ist pref .... -37vb VWlla Farjyo 115 "".
■Ft Wayne .......: 109 I Miscellaneous—-
iGt Nor pref ...... 154 A Cot Oil ...:.... 17%:
' Hocking Val .... '!',; Do pref :.....'.. ; 71
Illinois Cent 100 Amn Spirits a 1%
I Lake Erie & W.. 14 ! Do pre/ IS%
Do pref 69Vs Am Tohacco 90:4
| Lake Shore ...... 190 Do pref ........ 112
Louis & Nash 53 People's Gas :.-.. 91%
Manhattan L 102% Cons Gas 181
Met St Ry 145% Com Cable Co 175 *!
Mich" Cent :...... 107V 4 Col F- & 1r0n.... 20
Minn & St L 27 1 Do pref 78
Do Ist pref .... 85 Gen Electric 32
Mo Pacific".'..'....? ' 26 '- 4 Illinois Steel .... 47
Mobile & Ohio ... 27% ILaclede Gas- 41
Mo X & T 11% Lead 3n%
Do pref .;.. 35% Do pref 103%
Chl.lnd & L.....: 7 Nat Lin Oil 16%
Do pref ... . 26% Or Imp Co ......'26%
N J Central .... 92% Pacific Mail 26*4
N V Central .... 113 Pullman Pal 175%
N V Chi & St L. 12% Silver Cert 54%
Do Ist pref .... 65 Stand K& T 3%
Do 2d pref .... 31% Sugar/ .:.. 126%
Nor West ;. 14 Do pref 112
No Amer Co .... 5% T-C & 1r0n...... 20*4.
No Pacific ....... 22% I" S Leather 6%
Do pref 62 j Do rref 60%
Ontario & W 15' i V S Rubber ....... 17
Or R & Nay...... 47% Do pref 67
Or Short Line ... 28 West -Union ._ 86*4
Plttsburg ......... 169 Chi & N W 120%
i Reading 18%) Do pref li»
Do Ist pref .... 42 St L&S AY 4%
I Rock Island 85% Do pref 9
i St L & S F.. 6% RGW 23
Do Ist >pref .... 55% Do t»ref »i
Do 2d pref .... 25 Chi G AY ........ 10*
I St Paul ....*...... 92% j Haw Com C 0.... 30%
Do pref ........ 146%1
" CLOSING BONDS.
U S new 4s reg.. 124 X Carolina 6s 123
Do Coup 124 Do 4s 102V4
US 4s 11l Vo Pac lsts 116%
Do Coup 112 Do 3s 60%
(new 4s reg.. 99, N' Carolina 65.... 125
Coup 124 Do 4s 102*4
4s 11l No Pac lsts H6Mi
Coup 112 Do 3s 60-,
99 Do 4s ?4\
U S os reg 112 . .V V C * S L to.. 105
Do 5s cpup. 112 Nor & W 65..' 125
District 3.65s 110 Northwstrn cons.. 141
Ala class A .... 10S% Do deb 5s 117%
Do B 107 O Nay lsts 114
Do C ;... 100 O Nay 4s 95
Do Currency ... 100 OS Line 6s tr.... 123
Atchison adj 45.. mi. O 8 Line Be tr.... 100
Can So 2ds 103 O Imp lsts tr 110
Chi Term -45...... So - Do 5s tr 57%
C & Ohio 5s 108 O Imp 6s of 93.. 110
Term 4s S5 Do 5s tr BTJi
Ohio 5s 115% Pacific 6s of 95.. 103»i
C H & D 4%s 104% Reading 4s 83
D & R G lsts 110% R G V 15t5...... 82V4
D&R G4s 94 SLA IM C 55.. 90
East Term 15t5. .108% S L & S F G 65.. 118%
Erie Gen 4s ...'... 70% St P C0n.'.....'.... 141
F \V & D lsts tr. 71 . St P C & I 1I 1 Ist?.. 121%
Gen Elec 5s ." 101% Do 5s 116
GH& S A 65.... 104 So Ry 5s ........ 91
Do 2ds 105 Stand R& T 65.. 57
II & T C 5s 110 Term new set 35.. 90
Do-con 6s 105 T&P L G lsts.. 100
lowa C lsts 100 Do Re Ms Sflt
Kan P Con tr .... 102 Union Pac ]?ts.. 127%
X }\'c Ist DD tr. 131% Do pref 51%
La new cons 45.. 102% Do 4s 93%.
L& N Unt 4s S8 (' I' D& G lsts.. 16
Missouri 6s ...... 100 . Wall Ist 5s '. 107%
M X & T 2d5.... 6O',£ Do 2ds .:.. 77
Do 4s S8 \V Shore 4s ...... 110U
N V Cent lsts.... 116% Va Centuries .... 69
X JC 5s 113% Do deferred .... 4
MIXING STOCKS.
Chollar 30! Ontario 2 50
Crown Point 15 Ophir .„..,■■■■ 40
Con Cal & Va.... 75 Plymouth ; OS
Deadwood 90 ' Quicksilver 100
Gould & Curry.. 15 Do pref 200
Hale & Noreross. .1 30 Sierra Nevada . ,90
Homestake 37 00 | Standard 1 G5
Iron Silver 41 Union Con 30
Mexican 30 Yellow. Jacket .. 20
■ BOSTON.
BOSTON. March s.— Atchison 11%. Bell Tele
phone -258, Burlington 93%,, Mexican Central
6*<f.-Oregon- Biiort Line 2? I*.1 *. *■- -■■ • - - <-.-■'
ri' ASSOCIATED BANKS' STATEMENT.
NEW YORK. March s.— The Financier
says: The statement ' of the Associated ■ Banks
of New York reflects in full the disturbing
causes which " have been making for nearly
three weeks past. The heavy decreases, how
ever, cover a period longer than the seven
days which the totals are supposed to repre
sent. As was outlined in this analysis last
week, the averages" did not include the losses
which the banks. were then sustaining. through
the shipment to the interior. The latest state
ments reveal very clearly the extent of this
drain. The decrease of $23,193,900 in deposits
ran i •■ traced through a list of "twelve of the
larger banks ranging from one to four mil
lions of dollars in each instance. The only
Inference is .that •■ this money has gone to other
Institutions and this -.is further borne out in
(he fact that New York exchange at all Im
portant centers has advanced, from' a heavy
discount to par, and in some instances to a
substantial premium. The amdunt shipped has
been more „ than sufficient to meet legitimate
trade demands. .At the present, time the
movements seem to have ceased. Future' de
velopments of a" political character must de
cide whether it is to be resumed or whether
the tide will turn and the money again flow to
New York. In view of the revelations made
public in the current statement the heavy gold
imports do not ' appear afall strange. In
fact, the wonder Is that the engagements were
not larger. "As - might ' have • been expected,
there* has- been 'a .corresponding reduction in
loans, and'the decrease of {13,622,000 is account
ed for' by the liquidation at ''all strange.
the wonder is that the engagements were
larger. As might have been expected,
j has been a corresponding reduction In
1 and the decrease of $13,622,000 is account
ir by the liquidation In speculative circles
and the calls made in order to strengthen re'
serves. The heavy sales of accumulated'ster
ling exchange at this center are also to •be
considered In this connection. But for all thai
the banks lost nearly $8,000,000 cash, the re
serve reduction is only $2,135,825, and the ex
cess is still over $20,000,000. The gold coming
from Europe will more than make up the loss
In reserves for two weeks. The Treasury did
not call the usual Union Pacific transfers from
depository banks last week and while Kansas
Pacific payments will require within the next
thirty - or forty days nearly $6,000,000 now In
banks. it cannot be said that the outlook fa
vors anything more than moderate firmness
in rates. The exchange- situation is so sensi
tive that sudden advances are bound to * bring
additional imports and thus restore the equili
brium. If the development of the next ten
days are such that a peaceable • conclusion of
our foreign complications is assured, the money
market will probably weaken. As It is rates
have, gradually declined from the high point
reached early last week.
~.'.'.Z[ London MARKET. -" .
NEW YORK, March s.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stock
markets here were quiet and dull to-<lay,/the
only signs of life being In industrial shares,
the activity In which is still 'maintained by
fresh Issues of concerns, ; such as Lip ton' b Tea
Company, with a capital of £2,500,000. There
is quite a boom in such company promotions,
■which are being overdone, however. ' Americans
were a trifle over the New York level,- but were
flat and disheartened.! Grand Trunk was: also
lower on cables about the rate war. Gold Is
In strong demand • for New, York at 77s !t\d*i
77b lOd, but gold arrived to-day from the -Cape
which was not actually bought, but was held
over until Monday. A large amount of Japan
ese yen has been bought by bullion' dealers at
76s Bd' on the belief that. American gold im
porters will take it. More gold :i» going, from
Paris. There a slight Increase the amount
on the belief that American gold lm
1 will take it. More gold is going from
There Is a slight Increase In the amount
of American bills offering. -,-• ••
--The Chinese loan negotiations will probably
«d .next-week. - , ; ; :
CLOSE.
Canadian Pacific. SB%: Grand Trunk. 8%: Bar
Silver, steady, 25% d per ounce; Money, 2?i per
cent."' ' . ' ' '•' .'"'-'
NEW YORK IGRAIN AND PRODUCE.
W YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. March s.— Receipts,
.21,332 barrels; exports, 18,237 barrels. Dull and
nominally easy; city '. mill | patents, 1 jr. 85@6 15;
do clears, $5 60@5 75; Minnesota patents, $5 30(fc|>
6 60- do bakers'. $4 (MM GO; winter straits.
$4 65@4 75; do extras, $3 7U(g4 10; do low grades,
* WHEAT— 73,850; exports, 44.507. Spot
easy • No. 2 red, $1 07%. f. o. b. afloat to ar
rive Options opened steady at He advance on
cables and ' after a sudden break, • due partly
to favorable crop news, rallied slightly on cov
ering and closed partly %c net lower; ■ No. 2
red March, closed at $1 05% ; ■ May, $1 00%@
1 0lV» closed $1 00%. f :■■-■■■ ■
- -hops— Firm. ' State, common to choice. 1855
crop 4(&6c; 1896 crop. 7@9c;i 1*97- crop, ■ 17@19c;
Pacific Coast crop. ISM, 4fe6c; 1896 crop, 8@10c;
1597 crop, 17&1SC. . * - ' : •' •
WOOL- Dull. Fleece. 17%&23% c; Texas, 13%
-PETROLEUM— Nominal. ' ' ": ' '
PIGIKON— steady. Southern, $9 75
fill; northern. $10 50@12.
COPPER— Brokers'. $11 60. -
LEAD— Brokers', $3 60.
Plates easy. - . •■'.-;.
COFFEE— Options closed ' dull .at unchanged
prices. • Sales, 1 4000 bags, including May, $5 65.
Spot— Rio, dull; No. 7 Invoice, 6%c; No. 7 Job
bing, 6%c; ! mild, steady; Cordova, B%@l6e." ■■#&<£
- SUGAR— Raw,, dull; fair refining,.- 3 11-16 c;
centrifugal. 96 : test, 4 3-16 c; refined, ' steady:
mold A, 6%c; standard A, 6%0; confectioners'
A, 6%c; cut loaf, &\o; crushed, 6%0; powdered. ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, StTXDAY, MARCH 6, 189g.
| 5 7-16 c; granulated. : 5V«c; cubes. 6 7-16 c.
■ BUTTER— Receipts. 3C29 packages. Steady;
' Western creamery, 15@20%c; Elglne, *50%q; fac
tory, n(»i4%c. - •" ■i-v:;--. ■. +■:■ -•,■,-•:■•■:
EGGS -r Receipts, 8285 packages. £ , Market
steady;. State and Pennsylvania, 12% c; West
: era, 12c; Southern,,-12@12Hc. t « , -,
".v V-tV -t DRIED " FRUITS. *• . ' ■
, 'NEW YORK, -March* s.— California Dried
! Fruits steady. . . .'"
EVAPORATED I APPLES — Common. f s@So:
i prime- wire tray BS(£[B%c; wood-dried, : prime,
S%flS%c; choice, B%<g)9c; fancy, 9%@10c. ,•-■■'
: PRUNES— 3%@Sc. ■ v
' APRICOTS— 5%@7c; • Moorpark, B%©.
10c. ' - ■ : > 'I •"-■-■• ' -'
. PEACHES— Unpeeled, s@9c; peeled, 12@15c.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO. March s.— The opening jn wheat
1 was steady, July starting unchanged at. 90%f$
I 90% 0, and bringing 90% c a moment after. May
I showed an opening Me advance at $1 05. The
Ohio State crop report, which made the condi
tion of winter wheat *. 33 per cent below the
! average, was a surprise to the trade, as pre
'■. vious reports were to the effect . that condi-
I tions were promising, and this caused momen
j tary strength. , Then prices .. commenced to
: drop. It was reported that Armour had ordered
j 900 cars to load with wheat at Minneapolis for
! shipment to Duluth. This was taken by many
traders as -indicating a repetition : of the great
run of wheat to Chicago which took place last
: December and resulted not only in the with
drawing of support but also in heavily In
croasing offerings. .Prices slid off In conse
quence, July getting down to S9-\@S!»Tfec. ■ The
fluctuations in May were, irregular and. a good
deal of nervousness wos shown. From the
opening the market dropped quickly to $1 04%.
j This was ■ followed by , a quick recovery to
$1 C 6% and almost as rapid a decline to, Jl 05.
i Then the market both for May and July began
j to recover. On the first decline. in May buy
! ing on a large scale was started and during
■vthe first hour's trading probably' a million
; bushels changed hands. This i was supposed
■to be mostly for Northwest shorts. Commis
; sion "houses were all large buyers, getting
some of the May from the Letter people. This
sudden increase in the demand for May brought
i local' shorts in July into the market and with
i the additional help of some bullish news prices
! slowly advanced. There were rumors current
- that the Letter holdings in the Northwest had
! b>?en sold to millers. They were not confirmed
i but nevertheless had effect. Near the close
i the market became quite strong. S Buying be
come quite liberal and general, and- May, which
I had advanced to $! 05%, advanced quickly to
$1 06, but had reacted by closing time to $1 05%.
i July g-ot up to the best prices" of the day—
:"■> V ; :~ ve and closed firm at 90% c. ■
Liquidation of long corn was the feature in
' that market, a. prominent elevator concern dis
posing of a heavy line. The improvement in
wheat late in "the session resulted in . better
support being given, and the decline was re
; covered. May closed a shade lower.
The market for . oats was very dull. May
I closed unchanged. . V .
Provisions were weak all day. There was
i continued selling by the .packing interests
prominent in yesterday's liquidation and prices
tended steadily, downward. At the close May
pork was 7%<filoc- lower; May lard, 5c lower;
i May ribs, 2%c lower. -1, , . ...
[ The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— '
March 104 1 04^ 103 " 104^
May 10.'. 10614 1 04>£ 1 06\
July .......1... 90> 2 90T4 83% 90%;
! ■ Corn No. 2—
March 30*, 30% 30 30U
July 30% 31% 31's 31% I
i September 32% 32% 32% 32^4 j
Oats No. 2— ' ' ' !
: May.... ...:... 27 27 26% ' 26%
i July ,21% 24% 21V4"". 24%
Mess Pork, per bbl— .. .
May '...TlO4O' 10 42H-10 35 10 "40"
July 10 45 . 10..47 Vi 10 .4.0 10 40
Lard, per 100 lbs — .■- .
j May I .5 15 . 515 5 12& 515
July :.... 5 20 5 25 5 20 5 22&
Short Ribs, per 100 rbs— '
■ May 5 12% 515 5 12V4 515
I July .;....'.......... 5 15% :! 520 5 17% 520
I Caen quotations were as "follows: Flour,
I steady; winter patents, $4 So@s; straits, $4 30@
: 4 60; spring specials, $5 35@5 40; spring patents,
$4 70@5 10; straits, $4 40@4 60; bakers', $3 600
j 3 90; No. 2 spring wheat, 91%@93%c; No. 3
' spring wheat. 93c@$l; No. 2 red, $1 04 1 -><fj l 06%;
! No. 2 corn, 29H<&2yV«c; No. 2 oats, 26 l J 26%c ;
! No. 3 white, f. o. b., 28%@29c; No. 2 rye, 49Uc;
; No. 2 barley, f. o. b.. 83940 c; No. 1 fiaxseed,
|1 21; prime timothy seed.' $2 90; mess pork, per
I bbl. $10 33<g10 40; lard, per 100 ' lt»s, $5 t<:< ■■■n
5 10; short ribs sides (loose), |sfpS 40; dry salted
shoulders "(boxed). •$4 75<55; short clear Bides
(boxed), $5 35®5 55; whisky, distillers' finished
goods, per gal. $1 IS 1*;1 *; sugars, cut loaf, 6.01 c;
I granulated, 5.51 c. . " -■
Articled- . Receipts. Shipments.
j Flour, bbls ...'.. IS. OOO. ■ 29,000
Wheat, bu 55.000 192.000
1 Corn, bu 490,000 305,000
Oats, bu 343.000 237 000
Rye, bu 11,000 2.000
j Barley, bu 65,000 • 19 000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creameries, 13@20c; dairies
ll@17c; cheese, quiet, S®BKc; eggs, firm, fre»h, ,
10' 4 c. ' ■J*.~~! ••*■*'...- .. ' ...... '
, WHEAT MOVEMENTS. . '* '
'■ ' ' Receipts. 5 Shipmts.
Cities— .■:.,• . ;>/ Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 157,010 19 240
Duluth ;.-. 22,828 -■•*
Milwaukee 24.700 650
Chicago 55.436 191.514
Toledo ; 16.302 6.100
St. Louis,. :. 6.000 9 000
Detroit n,Bll $.849
Kansas City 50,500 36,500
Totals .....; ..; 350.587 271,853
Tidewater — ■ •-■%,-• ><-j • ...
Boston 24,836
New York 75,850 . 44,507
Philadelphia ."....: 3.955 54 705
Baltimore : ;.... 19,887 52,000
New Orleans - 45.000
Totals . . .'. .. 124,528 199,212
PARIS FUTURES. '■■•■*'.-:•■■--;
Wheat— • • "* March. May.
Opening 6145 59 20
Closing , , ......
Flour-
Opening .....;.;. 28 55 27 45
Closing .... .*,.
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
. • March. May. . ~ July -. Sept. Dec.
Opening 7 10 7 5 71% . 6 6% .6 6%
Closing ' ....■ • .....
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKETS.
CHICAGO, March ' S.— CATTLE— The cattle
market to-day was* little more than a nominal
one, only about 300 head being offered. These
were disposed- of at prices substantially . un
changed from yesterday's ruling quotations. 
, HOGS— There was a fairly active demand for
hogs, but sales were Be lower than yesterday.
Light weights, $3 73©1; heavies, $4&4 07U;
bulk, $3 9504 02%; pigs, $3 5003 85.""
SHEEP— Sheep and lambs were. quiet. In
ferior lambs, $4 1504 50; fair to prime, $5 25©
5 55; feeders, , $5<S5 25; poor sheep, $303 50;
good to choice. $4 4ti®'4 60; yearlings, $4 r>oi?is.
Receipts— Cattle, 300; Hogs, I 22,000; • Sheep,
2500. ■ •
OMAHA.
OMAHA. March s— CATTLE— Receipts, 1100.
Market steady. Native beef steers, $3 9»?i4 90;
Western steers. $3 6094 60; Texas steers, $3 10
@3 80; cows and heifers, $3<S4 05; stockers and
feeders, $3 75*54 85; bulls and stsurs, $2 40fcf 3 70
HOGS— Receipts. 5500. Market 5c lower.
Heavy. $3 75@3 S.V, mixed. $?, 8001 S5; light,
$3 S<"g3 90; bulk of sales. $3 8008 85,
•SHEEP— Receipts. 1200. Market closed
steady. Fair to choice natives, $3 75Q/4 "5; fair
to < hoice Westerns. $3 &OQ4 Co; common and
stock sheep, $3tg3 N; lambs, $4 25@5 46.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. March S.— CATTLE— Re
ceipts, 200. Market unchanged, only retail
trade.
HOGS— Receipts. 6000. Market weak to 5c
lower. Bulk of sales, $3 7501 95; heavies. $3 85
tiji 05; packers. $3 6.".'54; mixed, $3 70® 3 97
fights, $3 6(Xg3 SO; yorkers, $3 75@3 80; pigs,
$3 4008 70.
SHEEP— Receipts, 500. Market steady.
Lambs, $4 bO<&f> 35; muttons. »3@4 85.
DENVER.
DENVER. March s.— CATTLE— Receipts.
200. Market firm. Beef steers, $3Siwtf44s;
OOWS. |Sot 75: itocfcen and feeders, $4<#4 60.
freight pnld to river; calves, $5©6; bulls and
Htaps, '$2 5001 40.
HOGS — Receipts, 100. Market steady. Light
packers. $3 &.">(?« 3 SO; mixed. $3 So'« 3 85; heavy
$3 70S>3 80; bulk of sales, $3 S!>.
SHEEP— No receipts.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, March 6.— Consols, 112^4; Silver,
2'.%d: Frpnch rentes, 104f 32"^c.
LIVERPOOL, March s.— Wheat, dull; cargo**
off coast, nothing doing: cargoes on passage,
buyers and sellers apart. 3d lower; Liverpool
Wheat, No. 1 California, 7s lOHdijJTs ll'-jd;
Wheat in Paris, firm; Flour in Paris, firm.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 7-16 d.
WHEAT— Spot dull; No. 1 red northern
spring. 8s Id.
CORN— Spot quiet; American mixed, new,
3s 4<id. Futures steady; March 3s 4Vfcd; May,
3s 4-1.
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter steady, 10s.
HOPS— At London, Pacific Coast', firm, £4 15s
®£5 ss.
LONDON WOOL MARKET.
LONDON, March s.— There was a good In
quiry for wool during the wef-k and a fair
quantity was sold. Many holders declined to
sell even at the better ruling prices, as the
shortness of stock, and better reports from the
manufacturing centers point to higher rates,
and especially for merinos. The- arrivals to
date for the next series aggregate 250.553 bales,
including 94.(100 forwarded direct. The next
sale will be March 11.
EXPORTS AND IMPORTS.
NEW YORK, March s.— The Imports at the
port of New York for the week are: Gold.
$24 498; silver, $35,204; dry goods and general
merchandise, $10.03R,113. The exports of specie
were: Gold, $790; silver, $804,084.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Or., March s.— Wheat— Walla
Walla. 75@78c; Valjey. 77@78c per bushel.
TACOMA, Wash., March s.— Wheat dull but
steady. No. 1 Club, 75c; No. 1 Blue Stem,
7Sc.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or*., March ff.-Exch'angeß, $154.-
I 910; balances. $15.232..
!
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — $4 ST
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — 4 85^
Sterling Cables — 4 hi;
New York Kx.-hange, sight — 20
i New York Exchange, telegraphic — i2\%
Fine Silver, per ounce — 54%
Mexican Dollars 45% 46
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT—The General Neumayer takes for
Capetown 55,461 etls, valued at $87,965.
Futures were lower, but spot prices were
; unchanged with very little going on.
Tidewater quotations are as follows: $1 40
I for No. 1. $1 42V4 'or choice and Jl 45®
j 1 47V6 per ctl for extra choice for milling.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session—9:ls o'clock—December —
'■ 2000 ctls $1 M%: 12.000, $1 32« i. May—2ooo,
$1 39Vi; 2000, $1 Sy%: 10,000. $1391,*; 16,000, $139;
14.000. $1 :?:»>*. . '
i Second Session—December—4ooo ctls, $1 32' i.
I May—W6o, fi 89.
Regular Morning Session—May—2ooo ctls,
$1 39*: 18,000. $1 39H. December—6ooo, *1 ■%.
BARLEY—Futures advanced, but there was
no change in the spot market.
Feed, $1 96©1 O7'-s> for dark to good and $1 OS^
@1 lo for choice: Brewing. $1 15-gl 20 for No.
: 1 $1 K'&l 12-. for Dark Coast.
CALL ECARD SALES.
! Informal Session—ft:ls o'clock—May—6ooo ctls,
isl 05 December—B »*%?; 2000, M%c
i Second Session—May—WXjO ctls. $1 06V».
Regular Morning Session-May—2WW ctls,
,fl irf.i^ - 40U0, 51 05; 4000, $1 04\. December—
I 4000. 94HC
: OATS—After the Assessor has been around
! on Monday there may be a revival in trade,
whkh at present is very dull.
Fancy feed $1 22'/4@l 25 per ctl; good to
1 choice, $1 17%©1 22V.,; common, $1 12V4@1 15:
! Surprise. $1 25(31 30; rd. $1 Ss@l 45; gray, $1 15
0117%; milling. $1 20©l 25; black, for seed.
I fl 35(J?1 D. Clipped Oats sell at ?I@2 per ton
'. over the raw product.
I CORN—There is no movement at all and
■ prices are weak.
Small round yellow, $110@l 12V4 per ctl; large
yellow, $1 onffil 07H; white. $1 05@l 07%.
RYE—fl 06@l 07% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT—NominaI: none here.
FLOUR ANB MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Not cash prices are: Family extras,
$4 5604 65; Hakers' extras, $4 30i@4 40 per bbl.
MILLSTT'FFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $:! per l'lil lbs: Rye Flour. $2 50 per 100:
Rice Flour, $5 75: Cornmeal, $2 25: extra cream
do. $3: Oatmeal. $3 50: Oat Groats. $4; Hom
iny. $3 10-Sa 3d; Ruckwheat Flour, $4; Cracked
Wheat. $3 50; Farina. $4 50: \.'hole Wheat
Flour, $3 25: Rolled Oats (bbls), $5 25®5 f5; In
packs, $5 0695 4."; Pearl Barley. $4; Split Peas,
$3 75; Green Peas. J4 25 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
By persistent holding off buyers have at last
succeeded in depressing most grades of Hny 50c
per ton. Compressed, however, is higher, be
ing scarce and wanted.
There is no change in Feedstuffs.
BRAN-JK fftfjlT 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SIB#a per ton.
FEEDSTI'FFS — Rolled Barley. $24 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $28 50®20 50;
Jobbing. $30; Cocr.anut Cake, $21 50@22 50; Cot
tonseed Meal. $JB©SO per ton; Corn Meal,.s23(a>
24- Cracked Corn, $23 50@24 50; Chopped Feed.
H7&18.
HAY — (Ex-car in round lots)— Wheat. $17®
IS 50 per ton: Wheat and Oat, Sl6ft'l7 50: Oat,
$14 60016 60; Barley. $14015 50; compressed. $17
019; AJfalfa, $IG<Jj 11; stock, $HCil2; Clover,
fll 50013.
STRAW— 3S® 4Ec per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Beans and Seeds rule quiet at unchanged
prices. Green Peas are lower.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 90(?i3; Small Whites,
$1 5:>(& 1 66; Large hltes. $1 55@1 65: Pinks,
$2 60@2 65: Reds. $2^2 25; Blackeye. $2 40@2 50;
Butters. $1 \Mi\ ISO: Lima?. $2 Wfi2 15: Pea.
$1 400] 50; Reil Kidneys. $2 25(52 50 per ctl.
f-EEDS— Brown V -turd. $2 75 @3 per ctl:Yel
low Mustard $2©2 69; Flax, $2 35; Canary Seed,
2' 4 't>2\c per lb; Alfalfa, 3@6c; Rape. 2@2?ic;
Hemp. 3c; Timothy, 5%c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 40(g'l 65; Green. $160
@2 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS. VEGETABLES.
Oregon Potatoes are doing better again, the
other kinds being steady and, unchanged.
Onions remain the Fame.
Rhubarb Is higher. Receipts of Los Angeles
Vegetables are insignificant at present.
POTATOES— Early Rose. Ss©7sc: River Reds.
GOc: River Burbanks,- 55066 c per pack: Ore
gon Rurbanks, !'•'•:'.■ ..Salinas Burbanks,
i)oe<ysl 10; T'etaluhia'T3urbank"s, &o@Gsc; Sweet
Potatoes, 25@Ti0c ' per ■tl for Rivers and B>cosl
for Merced, new Volunteer Potatoes per Ib.
ONIONS— $2 40@2 50 per ctl; Oregon, $2 65@
I 85: cut Onions. $2®2 25 per sack.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, 15<ffl8c per lb
for No. 1 and S@l2Hc for No. 2: Rhubarb. $1 25
<g2 per box; Alameda Green Feas,;.4*fsc per
Ib; Mushrooms, s'i*l2 1 ,4 c; Marrowfat Squash, $25
ft 30 per ton; Dried Peppers, Bfr7c per lb: Dried
Okra, 15c: Cabbage. 30975 c per ctl; Carrots, 25
' ©60c per sack; Garlic. 3®4>4c per lb. ■
Los Angeles Green Peas. ;' String Beans,
: Tomatoes. *l<f?l 25; Green Penoer*. Re
per lb; Summer Squash, Be; Egg Plant, 15c;
per lb: Hothouse Cucumbers, 50cti$l per dozen.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes, sliced raw, 12c per lb In lots of 25
lbs; sliced desiccated. 16@18c; granulated raw,
13c: Onions, 60c: Carrots, old. 13c; new, ISc;
Cabbage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes. 30c: turnips,
21c; String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes. 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
■■•■A car of Eastern Is announced for Monday
and another for Tuesday.
Game is Inactive- and not materially changed.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 12@13c for Gob
blers and 12®13c for Hens; dressed Turkeys,
13@15c per lb; Geese, per pair, $1 25@1 60: Gos
lings, $3-6991; nicks. $4495 for old and $6'so(g)
8 50 for young; Hens, $4fis; Rooster*, young,
$7@7 60; Roosters, old. $4@6; Fryers, $6@7;
Broilers, $5 5601 for large and $4@4 50 for
small ; Pigeons, $2 25 per dozen for young and
$1 25 for old.
GAME— Gray Geese, $1 BOOS; White. 50c;
Brant, 75c@$l; Honkers, $3; Hare. 50(g75c; Rab
bits. . $!<&.! 60 for Cottontails anrl *1 for small:
English Snipe, $2@2 50; Jack Snipe, $1 per
dozen. . -
• BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS,  .'•
Butter. is selling still lower. Eggs are un
changed. ' Cheese Is weaker. ...
BUTTER— '■ &;>;'•'•
' Creamery— Fancy creameries, is C ; seconds,
17H@lSc. " : » . .
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 16@16>4c; second
grades, WMJloY^c per lb. ..-.•• >
Eastern Butter— Creamery, . 17@17&c; ladle
packed. 15@16c per lb. . . .. .
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 9%c; common to
good, B<g9c;" Cream Cheddar, lOigllc; Young
America, 10@llc; Western, 1110120;. Eastern, ri', a
@13V4c per lb. ■ ■ , -••
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, ll@l2c per ■ dozen; store
Eggs, lO@IO%C. __ -..-. ;•; ---,
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Stocks of Oranges are dwindling down as
utiual at this time of the year, and a fancy
Navel will bring the top quotation. There is
no change In ■ Lemons . and Limes. Apples' are
dull, with reduced offerings. v .
> DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
■ Apples, 40@50c per box for common, 65@90c
for good to choice nndlltfjl 25 for fancy.
.CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges. $1 SO®
3: Seedlings, 75c@$l 50; Mandarins, $l@l 25 for
large and 604r75c ■• for . small boxes ; Japanese
Mandarins, j $I@l 50; Grape Fruit, Jl 50@3
per box; Lemons, TociSll for common and :
$1 25*62 for good to choice; Mexican Limes ■
$5 50@6: California Limes, in small boxes $l@"
1 25; Bananas. $12502 25 per bunch; Pine
apples, per doten. . , -  ,;
DRIED FRUITS, .NUTS, RAISINS. ETC.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lot*. 4%®
4%C for 40-50'e, 3%©4^c for 50-60 - s, 3%<g'.3%c
for SO-70's. 2%@3%c for 70-SO - a. 2&@2%c for 80
90-s. l%@2Hc for M-iOO-i: ' Peaches, '■■' ,2H®4c;'
fancy, 4Vi<Ssc; peeled, 10@124c; Apricots, s§;fiu
for Royals and 7@7¥>c for good to iancy Moor
parks; Evaporated Apples. 6%;q)7V4c; sun-dried
I 44iic; black FJgs, in »acks 2!jj>2V4c; Plums!
I 4>/s@<?4o for pitted and l@lV4c for unpitted;
I Reached. Plums. o(&sVic; 9 Nectarines. 4®sc for
I prime to fancy ; Pears, IHfMKe for quarters
and 3fl'Si<.c for halves, according to color, etc
, RAISINS— I4#2c for two-crown. 3c for three
crown. 3%c for four-crown 44c for Seedless
Sultanas. 2%c for Seedless Muscatels and *1@
10 for London layers; dried grapes, 24c
' NUTS— Chestnuts ■ are quotable at 8c ; per
tt>; Walnuts. 6®6c for hardshell and 6®7c for
softshell: Almonds, 24f3%e for hardshell, s®6c
for softshell and 7@Sc for paper-shell; Peanuts.
4@54c .tat' Eastern and 4Hc , for California;
Pecans.. 64@Sc: Filberts. 8%@10c; Brazil Nuts,
$Sf9c per ■ Tb : Cocoanuts. $4 50@5 per 100.
HONEY— New Comb. S@loc for bright and 5a
7c for lower grades; new water white extract
ed. -• *%9I»J Hght amber extracted, -a 3%@4«40
.? . BEESWAX-23ig2r^ r<»r Th. ■
• ; V-- PROVISIONS.
Dealers report trade quieter at the old prices.
CURED * MEATS— Bacon, •; 954 c per lb for
heavy, 9%c: for ; light medium, 10% c for light,
lie ' for 'extra light and 124 c ■ for sugar-cured;'
Eastern ; sugar-cured ' Ham«. • 104@iic; . Califor
nia Hams, 10c : Mess ; Beef. $9 per bbl ; extra'
mess,: d 0,,-$10;, ,-$10; family do, $110>12; Salt Pork.
$9- extra prime Pork, ■■ $10; extra near, $18;
mess, 1 $l«; Smoked Beef. ll<S?l2c per lb. ■;-..-■
•LARD— Eastern tierces quoted at 54c per lb
i for compound . and t 7c for pure: pall.«, - 7%c;
■ California -tierces, -64c per lb for- compound
i and 64c -• for pure; half-barrels, 6%c; 10-lb
! tins v 7 c: do 5-lb, Be. " -.- '■■ ■-' -..;
I COTTOLENE— Tierces, eVi^^e; packages;
less than J/0 Itr— palls. , 60 In a case. B%c:
8-tV palls. 20 in a case. 8%c;6-n> pails. 12 in a
case. B<4c: 10-n> pails, 6 In a case. 84c; 50-It>
I tins, one or two In a cane, 7Sc; wooden buck
\ ets- 20 IT>s ne>. T!»c; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, ~%o;
hall-bbls. about UO Its, 7Ho per lb. ,
-.**.-. i ilill n* i tniTTTlltsM ■HltMi tflsj si iT'llfT 1 1' f||Tini i HP IT Vi
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND ; HOPS. . ,-
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
I 1<- under «jur.i. Block.. Heavy salto'l »fe«rs.
lOHc: medium. '• Siftc; light, 9c; Cowhides,
ii^'ic: stags. -60: Baited Kip, 10c; 1 Calf,
lie; dry Hides, i:@n%c; culls and brands.
@14c; dry Kip and Veal. 14ai50; dry Calf, 19f«*
i 20c; culls. 16@17c: Goatskins. 30@Si%c each;
! Kids,' Cv loc; Deerskins, good summer. 25@30e
! per Ib; medium, 20c; winter, lOo; Sheepskins,
shearlings, 2U(f 3oc each; short , wool, 40@70c
each; medium. 70Qi)Ue; long wools, SOcSJI 30
i each. '■ ■-- ■" • ■ ■ • ; - ' ;•-"•
I . TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3@3Vsc per Ib; No.
2, 2@2Vic; refined, Ec; Grease. 2@2yic. .'. "
I ■ WOOL— clip— San Joaquin. defective.
9c: Southern Mountain, 9811%; free Northern. 12
i ©13o; do defective. 9@llc per.lb.
' HOPS— OId crop. 2@6c for poor to fair and S@
10c for good; new crop, ll@l4c per lb.
GENERAL ■ MERCHANDISE. v " -
Calcutta Grain Bags, nominal; Wool
Bags, nominal; San- Quentln, ?5 30.
j COAL — Wellington, $10 per ton; New Wel
! lington,: flO; -Seattle. $6 00; Bryant. $6 DO; Coos
Bay, $5 60; Wallsend, $9; Scotch, ?10; Cumber
land. }10 in bulk and »U 5u in sacks; Pennayi-"
', vania Anthracite Egg. 515; Cannel. $10 per ton;
! Rock Springs. Castle Gate and Pleasant Vai
f ley, $9; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14 in
sacks.
Harrison's circular says: "During the week
there have been the following deliveries of
coal: Three from Oregon, with 1140 tons; five
from Washington, 14,680 tons; two from British
Columbia, 5500 tons: one from Philadelphia,
19C0 tons; total. 23,270 tons. All fears of a
shortage of fuel have been I temporarily dis
pelled, as a large portion of the cargoes from
our northern collieries is finding Its way into
yard, whereas ' a few weeks ago complete de
liveries were made from ship's side, and lines
of teams were formed to be assured of their
securing a load. This is partially attributable
to a- change of the weather, and partially from
a fear of short supplies,- which would naturally
lead to advanced prices, besides the ; Southern
Pacific Company made very low rates on Rocky
Mountain Coal, enabling it to come in as a
competitor- for domestic trade. Lower prices
are now ruling for Seattle and Coos Bay prod
ucts; Wellington is unchanged. "Fifty-three
vessels are named on the chartered list from
Australia for San Francisco, with a carrying
capacity of 130,000 tons — over SO per cent of this
is utilized for steam purposes some of these
will not arrive here for six months. If we
should have seasonable rains within the next
thirty days th,ls Australian list will be ma
terially swelled, as grain cHarterers would be
freely engaging vessels for future loading at
advanced rates, • whereas at present this line
of business is completely at a standstill. All
our coal transportation from British Colum
bia and Washington about ninety days hence
will be done by steamers, as most of our sail
ers will be employed in the Alaska business."
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Com
pany quotes terms net cash: Cube Crushed
and Fine Crushed. 6%c: Powdered, 6^c; Dry.
Granulated. 5%c: Confectioners" A. 5%c: Mag
nolia A. 5%c: Extra C, r,\c: Golden C. 5V4c:
Candy Granulated. s"ic; California A. 5V4c per
lb: half barrels &c more than barrels, and
boxes %c more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Mutton is very firm at the advance, with
good prospects of still another advance in a
few days. .•:;: •; .•":'"■
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, CVi^c; second do, 5%@
6c: third do, 457 ;, c per lb.
VEAL— Large, Ciftfi^c; small, 7<uSc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers Be; Ew.'s. BKOTC per lb.
LA MB— Spring. 12%@lSc per rt>.
PORK— Live Hogs, v\c for large. 4Vi@4Hc
for small and t%@4% for medium; stock lioga,
S@3^c; dressed Hogs, 6@7c per lb.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Saturday, March 5.
Flour, ar sks ... 15, 704 (Leather, rolls ... »15
Wheat, ctls 39.433 Wine, gals 80,800
Barley, ctls 3, "20 Brandy, gals 500
Butter, ctls 319 Eggs, doz 16,950
Cheese, ctls 44 1 Hay, tons 200
Beans, sks 12 | Raisins, bxs 2.500
Potatoes, sks ... 1,334 iLumber, ft 75,000
Onions, sks 191 I Pelts, bdls 75
Bran, sks 2,575 j Hides, no ....'.... 300
Middlings, sks .. 210 Quicksilver, risk. 186
OREGON.
Oats, ctls 410 Potatoes, sks ... 263
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 1.600'
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was a fair morning's business on the
Bond Exchange. The sugar stocks were easy,
but there was no pronounced decline.
Mining stocks were dull and unchanged, as
usual.
Mining dividends paid in February amount
ed to $1,197,725, of which three copper mines
paid $7M),000.
A telegram received from the Consolidated
California and Virginia mine states that the
output of ore last week r.as 7 tons, of the
average assay value of $30 09 per ton.
I The annual meeting of j the Potosl Mining
Company will be held on "Wednesday." .' ~ ■"<".;"
The annual meetings of the Pacific and Sun
set Telephone and Telegraph Companies will
be held on Thursday.
The annual meetings of the stockholders of
the Hale & Norcross Mining Company or
dered by the Grayson and Fox boards of di
rectors will both be held on Wednesday.
The .. Raven Mining Company of : Colorado
paid a dividend of 1 cent per share, amounting
to $10,000. on March 1-.
The Ruby Mining Company of Montana paid
a dividend of 2 cents per share, amounting to
$0000, on March 6.
The Kate Hayes Mining Company of Nevada
County- has icvied an assessment of $1 per
sh;re, delinquent April 6.
The Morning Star Mining Company of lowa
Hill, Placer County.' has declared another div
idend. The rate -has not been made public,
but It is believed Jo be $6 per share.
The North -Blootnfleld Gravel Mining Com
pany of Nevada County has levied an assess
ment (No. 00) of 23 .cents per share, delinquent
April 6. .-. . •
For the month of February the mining, mill
ing and other corporations on and around the
Comstock paid a total of $."4,666 50 to employes.
The payments were as follows: Andes (esti
mated). $900; Con. California and Virginia,
$7330; Ophlr, $1884; Mexican, $1564; Best & Bel
cher, $2560 37; Gould & Curry. $1731 38; Utah,
$609; Occidental, $1768; Alta. $1514: Brunswick.
Lode (Shafts Nos. ■ 1 and 2), $5769 75; Crown
Point (estimated), .$1500: Belcher. $2582; Yel
low Jacket, $ISH; Confidence. $242; Challenge,
$242; Imperial, $382; • Seg. Belcher. $240; Savage
(estimated). $2474 50; Chollar. 1 $203S 75; Bullion,
$561. 60; Potosi. $2226 75! Union shaft, $223; Si
erra Nevada, $934 50; Alpha, $632: Overman (es
timated), $1000: Caledonia (estimated), $500;
Nevada Mill (estimated), $SSO; Electric Light
(estimated),. $500; Water -Company .{estimated),
$3000; quartz mills (estimated),. $5000.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE,
SATURDAY, March .'—10:30 a. m.
■ Ask/ ' " :, '/ . Bid. Ask.'
U S Bonds— Oakland Gas.. 48 51
4s quar c0up.. 112 113% Pac Gas Imp.. -90% 91
4s quar rex.. 112% — i Pac L C 0.,... 54^4 55
4s quar new. ..125 — SF G & E.... 90% 91
'Miscellaneous— 'J. San Fran '.....-. 3% 3%
Cal-st Cab ,55. 115% — ("Stockton Gas.. 10 —
Cal El 6s 126 — Insurance — ... =
C C Wat 55:. .1024103 Firem's Fnd.:.193 —
Dup-st ex c. — &S4 1 Bank Stocks—
■ E L& ; P 65..125Vi129 > Anglo-Cal .... 63 70
F&Ch Ry 6s. — . US BanK of Ca1.. 247 —
Geary-st R sb. — : 102 a l S D & T..100 1024
HC & S 5%. .105 — First Nat ....205 —
Li AL Co 65.. — 100 Lon P &'A...1324 —
. Do gntd 65. .100 1014 MerExchnge.. — 15
Market-st 65.. 126*4128 Nev Nat 8...155 —
r Do Is M 55.1134H4 .- Savings Banks-
Nat Vln 6s Ist — 100 ■■ Ger S & L.. 1625 • 1665
X C li'gßy 78.102 —'. Hum S & L.1050 1160
NRy Cal 65..111>4 —■ I Mutual Say. -35 40
N Ry Cat 65..102' a S F Sa.v U.. 480. 495
NPC R R 65.1044 — S& L 50.... — 100
NPC Ry 58.100V4 — Security S B :50 —
N Cal R 65..— — Union T ColOlO —
Oak Gas 55... 104 •— , : Street Railroad—
Do 2d is 58..U1 •. — • California ....108^110
Om Ry 6»...:.130. — Geary ......... 40 —
p & O 65..... 110 — ; Market-st .... r>3% 54
P & Ch.Ry 65. 1084 — Oak SL& H. — —
Powell-st ..118 — Presidio 4% S4
Reno WL&L..IOO >'■—";- Powder
• Sac Elecßyss. — 100 California .:.. 110 . —
SF& N P 63.107*107% E Dynamite ..SO S*>
9 P of Ar 68.U034 •—• — Giant Con Co. 4314 43 7 i
8 P Cal 65.... — .113-: ViKorit ...;.... 3% 3%
SPC is' eg 6».. — *-93/4 Miscellaneous— ."•■
8 p Br 6s 112% —  Al Pac Assn.. 97% 95«4
S V Wat 65.. .118 ,119 . GerLd ,Wks..lUo 150
S V Wat 45... 103' 103% Hana P C 0... 20 —
Stock Gas 65.. — -103U H,C * S Co.. 3114 81%
U Water— ' Hutch. S P Co. 44^ 44%
Contra Costa.. 56 63 Ex Assn. 90 —
Marln Co .... 60 — Nat Vln C 0... — 7<*
BprinK Val ...lOlVilOl^ Oceanic 3 Co. 57% 58
. Gas * Electric— Pac A F L.. l»4 —
Cent Gaslight. 98'^ — Pac 3or C 0... 96^ —
M EL Co 13% — ; Pai Paint Co. 7 —
'/ ' ; MORNING ; SESSION.' \
,25 Alaska Packers' Association- :........ 93 00,
130 Hutchinson S P Co ; ...45 00
. 'SO" '•do "• do .' .. .'..;... .44 75 .
170 ■' do fin -.. .... 44 C2H
-25- '- do do ..;.;.,... 44 60 ,
'15 Oceanic Steamship Co /....'...... 67 00
200 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar ... 31 37V4
100 do do -.:.;..'..:. \.\ 31 25
11000 S r Branch Ry Bonds.. ......112 25
$'<«•« Market- street Ry Con Bonds 55.. 114 00
-5 Giant Powder Con . '../....'.. 43 75
30 S F Gas & Electric. 8 30........ 90 624
60 Street— Water' J..;. .\....101 25
50 String Valley Water 10125
• ' ; AFTERNOON ' SESSION.
INVESTMENT BOARD.
i, ;•;;. Morning! Session— lo:3o.
' 50 Market-street..... 54 00
40 do do .....:.....'...... 53 S7V4
$3000 Spring Valley Water 4s ....103 75
ItS F Gas & Electric ........:........ 90 624
20 Giant Powder 44 00 >
'20 Spring Valley Water 1 .. ...........101 25
Street— *
;20 Market-street ;..,....... 54 00 ,
100 Hawaiian C & S Co/:...... ............ 31 76 '
f ■'.': '"".." MINING STOCKS."
■ Following -were I the • sales: in the ' San j Fran
[clstd Stock -Board yesterday: 5 ;
.■. ■ , . ■ • <-. : Morning. Session. ,
100 Alta' 15 1 300 Mexican ........ 10
700 Best & Belchr. 33!500Ophir ;.:...•.....", 44
200 Chollar V... :..... 34 500 Savage ........ .Vi 12
350 Con ; Cal . & Va.. ;; SO 100 Sierra - Nevada.", i 95
', 40 Gould & Curry. 15 . • -/'.;*
' aLia^^Hf. a-wW^a.v -.- -■'■: - . - •■- —.■- '■■".■■ \ . ■ . ■
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
rjoard yesterday:
.^Morning. Session. t ■ '.
500 Alta ;:...-.-.v:..ivl» 1600 •*.;.;::".'.....• »
300 Andes ....,-..(... 0? 600 -Justice ...>......> 80
MB»t & Belchr. 83 400 ......' ...... V...:.' 29
200 Caledonia :....... 29 500 Overman ?...:::.. 11
300 Chollar .....*... JOO PotOßl tTTiIZj 16
250 Con Cal & Va.. 78 500 .....: ............ IS.
300 .:..;' 79 900 Savage 22
150.. .... 80 700 24
100 Confidence 68 100 Sierra Nevada.. 85
MO Crown Point ... 13 300 .;.....'... •" 8S
2500 Gould & Curry. 18 200 Utah ............ 10
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. ■' --"
SATURDAY. March 5— 12 m.
• ' Bid. Ask. - - - ' Bid. Ask.
Alpha 08 OS Justice  28 80
Alta 14 16 Kentuck 02 03
Andes ....... „.. 03 ,09 Lady • Wash ... — 03
Belcher ......... 22 24 Mexican ...:... 29 31
Best & Belchr. 33 34 Occidntal ...... 160 % —
Bullion 07 OS Ophir 44 46
Caledonia 28 30 Overman 10 11
Chollar ...;.... 35 36 Potosi .......... 17 IS
Con Cal & Va. 79 SO Savage -.. 24 25
Challenge .27 30 Seg Belcher 03 04
Con Imperial — 01 Scorpion — 06
Confidence ..... 67 68 Sierra Nevada. 98 100
Crown Point ..13 14 Silver Hill .... — 02
Con New York. 02 03 Syndicate — 05
Eureka — 25 Standard 155 —
Exchequer.".... "04 05 Union Con .... 33 35
Gould & Curry. IS 19 Utah 09 .10
Hale & Norcrs.l 45 150 Yellow Jacket. 21 23
Julia : 01 02
Highest prices of stocks during the week:-.
Name of Stock.
T.
W.
T. | F. j S.
vipha
vita
Vndes .
belcher ...... ..T
Jest & Belcher
3ulllon .....
"aledonia ■ . . . .'
cha11enge, ...............
rhollar
7on. Oal." & Va
Confidence
Crown Point
3ould & Curry.........!
Halt- & Noreross.
Mexican
3phlr !
3 31 4
17 IS 15
• 10 10| 9
25 22' 2n
39 36: 35
9 9 7
34 31 30
31 26 27
36 36 36
S7 '84 84
.... 66 66
14 13 13
19 18 17
1 5011 50 1 SO
[ 34 31 31
47 46 45
I 13 12 12
1 55 1 EG 1 66
18 17 16
25 24 24
3 3 4
1 70 1 55!....
1 05 1 05 1 05
38 36 35
9 8 9
26 23 22
!
3 8 9
15 15 15
10 8 8
21 22 22
35 34| 33
9 7 7
28 31 2S
28 26 27
37 35 35
83 81 SO
67 65 67
15 13 13
18 18 18
1 45 1 45 1 50
31 30 20
44 45 44
12 11 11
1 55 1 60 1 60
17 17 IS
24 22 22
4 3 3
1 55 1 55 1 55
97 99 98
34 32 34
9 8 9
22 2i 21
•150
31
Overman
Accidental
Potosl !
Savage
ieg. 8e1cher......
standard
Sierra Nevada
Union
utah
fellow Jacket :.
All the servants who were in the
Queen's household during the lifetime
of the Prince Consort receive each
Shrlstmas pieces of solid silver, in any
ia^e they prefer, up to a certain value.
They are sent with a large black-bor
dered card, inscribed, "With good
wishes from her Majesty and the Prince
Consort."
One of the provisions of the French
code forbids a doctor to inherit property
left him by a deceased patient.
THE CALL C'-i-ENDAR.
March, IS9B.
I !
; Sn. ; M
7T 7
"IT IT
20 : 21
;.»; 23
Tu.
1
8 !
22
29
We
2
Th.
3
|Fr.
ii
6
Moon's , Phases.
©Full Moon, 1
• ■ Mar 9.
I ,<rLast Quarter
v& Mar. U.
; >«v' New Moon,
;\p Mar. 22.
3(1 I
17
I 31
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographle
Oftlce, located in the Merchants' Exchange, ti
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
gTaph Hill is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon and is dropped at noon, 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mare
Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time or giving the error, if any, is
published the same day by the afternoon
papers, and by the mornine papers the follow
ing day. W. S. HUGHES.
Llentennnt. TT. S. N.. In chargg.
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Off^e. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, Ban Francisco, March
5. ISSS.
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day — I. c., at noon of th.c
120 th meridian, or at exactly S p. m., Green
wich time. W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. V. S. N.. in cnaree.
BUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey, j
Times and Heights of High and Low Waters ,
at Fort Point. Entrance to San Francisco |
Bay. Published by Official Authority of the i
Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
MABCH-18aS.
Sunday. March 6.
sets.
n serß
iiTime
IIITw
I Feet
4:25»
5:11
5:54
H W
10:35
11:19
12:06
L W
6:88
7:24
8:22
5.1 4:49 0.4
6.1! 5:24 0.8
■5.0 6:01 1.2
' H W Ui
0.7 1:00 - 4.4*
0.4 3:00 4.6
0.2 3:09 * 4.1
11:»
11:62
LW
C:S9
7:19
{ 0:02
111 0:
l'-'RI:
I.S
3.0
2.4
i
5.4
NOTE. — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are giver. In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the ;
day In the order of occunence as to time. Ths !
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide, j
and the last or right hand c alumn gives th« •
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights ;
given are additions to the soundings on tha i
United States Coast Survey charts, except i
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height j
and then the number given Is subtractlve from j
the d»nth given by the charts.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
inn koh.-i. . ..
rlstol
:omer
rashtfna'w....
008 Bay
tate ot Cai
reßceni City.,
eialandla — . .
Hy Puebia.. ..
in pirn ....
fe«Hiu
.....
:umb01dt......
ioana....
San Dleeo ..
Departure Bay
i Newport
Tacoma. ...
Newport ."......
Portland 4.
Crescent CUT .............
Honolulu
i Victoria and Pupet Sound
Coos Bay., '■•
Humboldt
A1a5ka. ..".......•.
5vdney. .......... ..t... ....
San Diejro ..:.....
Tftooma ;
Coos Bay „ .".....
Panama
uumooidt .'. ....
Portland;....: *..
{China and Japan....;..:.
, Victoria and Pujret Sna. . .
I
I
8
8
I
8
X
8
9
10
10
II)
10
H
11
12
13
M
13
omona.
lacklnaw
rc.ita
lty of Sydney .
lorth PorK
olumoia
hlna
i'alla Walla...
STICAMERS TO SAIL.
I
NATION
SAIL*.
rcntA
I Coo* 8ay..... I
ir <!. in am (Pier H
ir 6. 10 am Pier 2t
ir . 7. 4 pm
ir T. 10 am | Pier I
ir .;.:.; 1 Pier 3
ir 8. M MIP MSS
ir 8. 11 am Pier 11
ir 0. 10 aw Pier k
ir .V,
kr 10. 10 am! Pier »
ir 10. a am Pier 11
ir 10. Ut am Pier 3*
ir 11. I am: Pier 13
ir 11. 11 a.v Pier 11
ir 12 ...... ! ........
ir 12. 2 fm Pier 7
ir 12. 1 PMiPM S3
.r It. 10 am iMer tt
>lumbia..
Portlaao.
Irlfro
Alaska j
Vie i. P«rt Snd |
Humbolat i
I Panama .... j
San Diesro — ■
jHuinooldt .... !
Alaska '....*'.. j
I Mexico ....'...
i Newport
: Portland.. .:..'.'
Humbldt Bay.
Sivn Dieco.;..' !
I Alaska .'.. I
Sydney......'.. !
China&Japau.
i Vie & Vtn Sna i
matilla . .
>UICU . - |
a Kosa
ier
on
103 .. . - I
I B«v..i
s of Cai |
Ott™;. |
ona — :
iboldt. i
.mvii..
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. ;
t ' ■ "'■ "■ r" ARRIVED. \'7. r ; '~~ : -~ T~.~'
. ' ■ : •■ •■ Saturday. March 5.
': Stmr Cleone, Walvlg. 14 hours from Albion.
Aub Ftmr Burma. Mikullcich,' 3 days 17 hours
from Nanaimo. : •. «) -. ...
■ Stmr Coqullle River. ; Johnson, 46 hours from
Hueneme. • ■ *•.?.-..-.•'•■,;■.. . ; .
Schr Reliance, Jensen. 7 days from: Timber
Cove. -■  ■".-:■' ..•■■-■ : ■V . • - ••■ "
: Schr- Monterey, : Beck, . 49 hours . from ■ Ven
tura. ' : . ■) .:■-'■ - ' '• ■-■-.' ■' ..
,Schr Ida Schnauer. Nielsen, .from Fort Bragg
bound for . San Pedro. Put in on : account of
losing part of deckload." ' •
Schr Bender -Brother*, Wetzel, 5 days from
Albion. '.V ..-; ■■■"•■■ ' ■ n
' CLEARED. ;,.
Saturday. March 5.
Stmr T'matilla. Cousin*.: Victoria and Port
Townsend ; : Goodall, -Perkins ; &■ Co. 1 - i . >- •• t
Stmr Bonita, Nlcol6on, San Pedro; Goodall,"
Perkins & Co: . , ''■ \ .■. •
. Stmr : Columbia, Goodall, Astoria: OR & N
Co. ■■-.-• ■■.•■^i-^-v,--;; „.-.,•:., . . ;
' Stnir Mlneola, David, Comox: P I Co. .'„..,.
' • Whal stmr Wm " Baylies, . Devoll, whaling;
Wm Lewis. ' ' ,-; . •. . ; •* - :
-:' Br : ship Anglesey, Lewis, ■ Queenstown: Ep
pinger & Co. ■-- - « ■y*ti.z&iß!ttp*'biWSP''^&&&
■-, Ger shin OthmarscP.en, Saelier, Cape Town;
Catton, Bell & Co. . .
SAILED. '
, - Saturday, March •> .
' Btmr 'Whltesboro,; Johnaon. -- i: ;;■•■; ■■ • [
I Stmr : Frogreso. Qtlboy. Seattle. , ■ • ■ '
I Stmr : Point Arena,^johnooo, Menfiocino. . ; .
i Fr bark Gen' Neumayer, Maheo,,Cap« Towa.
' Brig, Galilee- Dlnsmore, Tahiti. .•■-
I Bchr ConflaiMa, Jensen, Coqullle River.
i : ;.•'., '.TELEGRAPHIC. :.
POINT LOBOS— 6—lo p. m.— Weather,
thick; 'wind, 1W; velocity, M mllea. *
•V." , CHARTERS. , •>.
: The. Benlcia loads wheat at Tacoma, for Cap*',
Town, 408.
• . ■ -, ■ SPOKEN. -. -'..-. .v_'..fS,.
1 Nor SO— 2o 49 S 12S 16 W, Bhlp 8t Franc!*, for
Tacoma for Queenstown.
-- MEMORANDUM. ' . •:
i Per schr Reliance— Was in collision with •CUT
Nettle Sundbors outside the .heads Mar I:
damage slight. ■ t •.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
HUENEME- Arrived Mar s— Stmr Jewel, fm
San Pedro.-
EUREKA— SaiIed Mar 4— Schr ; Sparrow, ■ for
San Francisco.
COOS Arrived Mar 6— Stmr Empire, ho
Mar 2.
TATOOSH— Passed Mar s— Stmr Mackinaw,
! hence Mar 2 for Tacoma. ' "' " •„ •,■
. FORT ROSS— Arrived Mar Schr La Chile- ,
na, hence Mar 4. . ■ ■ ■ '
SEATTLE— SaiIed Mar 4— Bark Carrollton.
for San Francisco, and not as previously re
ported on Marl. ;•: ■ . ' ' • .• ; :•..?:
TACOMA— Arrived Mar s— Chil ship Star of
Italy, hence Feh 21. ■ " - - •-■•..
EUREKA— Arrived March s— Schr Seven Si»- j
ters. hence Feb 20. ■'
HI'ENEMK— Sailed Mar s— Stmr Jewel.
for San Francisco. ■ ■ ". '■ -' ,-
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived March Schr ■
Laura Madsen, from Port Townsend. . .•',
GRAYS ■: HARBOR— ; • Mar .B-76chr
Abbie, hence Feb 20.
Sailed March s— Schr Beulah. for San Fran
cisco. ■ - . .
TILLAMOOK— Arrived March Schr Daisy
ROW*, hence Feb 23. ■<•-• • - r '•■.'•:■'■ ■■
NEW WHATCOM— March 6— Bktn J
, M Griffith, from San' Pedro.
VENTURA— Arrived March &-Stmr Georgr*
Loomis, hence March 4. , ■
EUREKA— Arrived March s— Bktn \ Uncle
John, hence Feb 27; stmr Weeott, hence March
4. ..■ ■ ■ _■ -_■. :...-. ■■ ■ • .
Sailed Mar s— Schr Llllebonne.
TATOOSH— Passed March s— Stmr National
City, from Seattle, for Dyea.
ASTORIA— SaiIed March s— Br ship Cypro
mene. for Queenstown.
ASTORIA— SaiIed March s— Ger ship H Bls
choff, for Queenstown.
FORT ROSS— Sailed March 6— Schr La Chil
ena, for San Francisco.
EASTERN POrtTX
NEW YORK— Arrived Mar 4— Ship Cha» W
Moody, hence Oct 27.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEWCASTLE,* NSW— Arrived Mar 8— Br
ship Drumblair, to load for San Francisco.
PANAMA— Arrived Feb 15— Stmr San Jose,
hence Jan 23; stmr Colon, hence Jan 28; stmr
Starbuck. from Acapulco.
Sailed Feb 17— Stmr San Jose, for San Jose
de Guatemala.
HULL— Arrived Mar 4— Br ship Marval, hnc*
Sept 11.
BARKY— Sailed Mar 2— Br ship Fannie Kerr,
for San Francisco.
HONGKONG! — Sailed Mar 3— Stmr Peru, for
San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to Mar s— Stmr
City of Rio de Janeiro.
LICATA— Sailed Feb 19— Ger ship Marco Polo,
for San Francisco.
VANCOUVER— Arrived Mar E— Br itmj
Aorangl. from Sydney.
SANTA ROSALlA— Arrived Feb 28— Br ship
Star of Bengal, from Swansea.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
HAVRE— Sailed Mar s— Stmr La Normandie,
for New York-
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed Mar 6— Stmr New
York, for New York.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed Mar s— Stmr Etrurla,
for New York.
HAMBURG— SaiIed Mar s— Stmr Pennsylva
nia, for New York.
ANTWERP— SaiIed Mar s— Str Westernland,
for New York.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
COOK'S TOURS
Select Parties Leave for " : . .
H/\IA//\II/\IS ISLANDS,
MARCH 12 AND 23.
J/\F»AIV,
By S. S: China March 23.
• EUROPE,
At frequent intervals . during the season. De-
scriptive programmes free of .
THOS. COOK & SON,
621, Market St., San Francisco..
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CO. ;
Steamers leave Broadway wharf, >fcgHL
San Francisco: <3351 C
For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.. March 2, 7, 11,
17 23. 27. April 1. Transferred at Seattle.
For Alaskan ports (from Spear street
wharf), 10 a. m., March 2, 6. 10. 14, 18, 22, 2«.
30. Transferred at Portland, Or.
For . Victoria, Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send Seattle. Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes and
New' Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a. m.. March 2. 7.
12 17 22 27, and every fifth day. thereafter,
connecting at Seattle with company's steam-
ers for Alaska and G. N. Ry., at Tacoma with
N P Rv . at Vancouver with C. P. Ry. ;
For Eureka (Humboidt Bay), 10 a. m.,
March 3, 9. 15, 21, 27, and every sixth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon.
Ca>-ucos, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
Oavlota. Santa Barbara. Ventura, Huinetne,
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport a. m.. March 2. 6. 10. 14. 13, 22. M.
30 and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11
aTm . March 4. 8. 12, 16, 20, 24, 28, and every.
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. Ban Jose d«I
Oabo Mazatlan. Altata. Li Pr\z, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaynias (Mex.), 10 a. m.. March t.
April 3, and 2d of each month thereafter.
The company ' reserves the right to Chang*
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
""TICKET" OFFICE-Palace Hotel, 4 Keyr
TICKET OFFICE-Palnce Hotel, 4 New
Montgomery street.-
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agts.,-
: 10 Market street. San- Francisco,
THE 0. R. & If. CO.
DISPATCH fast steamers . to:
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m. "
CADE *12 First Class Including Berth
rAKE f8 Second Class nd Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS: '•
State of Ca1if0rnia.. ........;. ..Mar. 2, 10. 18. 19
Columbia .-'. Mar. 6, 14. 22. ;30
Through Tickets and Through Baggage to all
Eastern Points. Rates and Folders. Upon Ap-
plication to ■■'■:■
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
.' . 690 Market at.
1 GOOD ALL. PERKINS & CO., ■ < , ...
• ... Superintendents.
PHMIAIIJI 8. S. ZEALANDIA.
IC&IIIIE' HONOLULU only.
" aßS *'Patur<l.'iy. March 12, at
y j™ —^ 2 p. m. • Special party
§ltfinftflifV rate*. S. S. MOANA
XIHniMNfW The S. S. MOANA
rVJiMIIDIIH/ 6 - sans vfa Honolulu and
/sinßfll7U* Auckland for Sydney
VUilipUlWp Wednesday. March, 23.
.-•-.■•• at 2 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPS
: TOWN South Africa. BROS: CO.. Agenti, ' '
J D SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents
; J. "• ar 114 Montgomery street. '
Freight Office— 327 Market st.. San Francisco.
Compaginie Generate Transatlantiqae.
; French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new) 42 North J|i<C*»;
River foot of Morton st. Travelers <-XEOi.
by this line avoid both transit by " aJ " u- ™»
English railway and the discomfort crossln*
the channel in a small boat: New York to
Alexandria. ' Egypt, via Paris, first class $180;
LA^ASCOGNR- March 12. 10 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE ....March 19, 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE March , 28 10 a. m.
LA BOURGOGNE ...............April 2, 10 a. m.
LA BRETAGNE April 9. 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to • •-.
- A. FORGET. Agent,
No 3, Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Agents," 5 Montgomery
aye.. San Francisco. ■■-■•--■■■■ — -
:~~~: ~~~ STOCKTON STEAMERS :
Leave Pier No. 3. Washington St.. at 8
j • .. ~~ • p. m. Daily. • ■• ;
;. FREIGHT RECEIVED UP TO 5:30 P. M.
'• ■■ Accommodations reserved :by telephone. ;
. The only line selling through tickets and giv-
ing through freight rates: to all points on th»
Valley Railroad. • - : •
;•-„.-> -.<■-■> STEAMERS: i
T C. WALKER. CITY OF STOCKTON.
MARY GARRATT, J.D.PETERS, . ..;.yv.^
, Telephone Main SOS. :Cal.:Nav. and- Impt. Co.
For Sail Jose, Los Gatos & Santa Cruz
Steamer ' AlvUo ' leaves : Pier. 1 dally ; (Sundays
excepted) at 10 a. m. ; Alvtso dally (Saturday*
excepted)at 5 p. m. Freight and Passengers.
■ Fare - between San Francisco and ; Alvlso, . 60e: ;
to San Jose, 7:>c. Clay street,' Pier L.<, 41 North
First street, San Jose. ■ ' . ■- • •" : • •';'.•
FOR L T . SMAVY^YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer '* Monttcello" '. .-' '.-,
Will He 'up' to • receive new * boiler ' and general :
! overhauling - on , February 1, . and : resume . h«r
I route >on March ; 10. - HATCH BROS.
3132
EDUCATION
IN THE WEST
Professor Brown Traces
Its History and De
velopment
T. L. Heaton Decries Anglo
mania in the Pronuncia
tion of Words.
Declares There Should Be an Amer
ican au Well as en English
Language.
Professor E. Brawn, In an address at
the University of California yesterday
morning, gave an interesting historical
account of secondary education in the
Western States during the early dec
ades of the present century. In the
course of his remarks Professor Brown
eald:
"The influence of New York upon the
history <>f education in this country has
been very great. The university idea
and the tendency toward unification
can be directly traced to the influence
of the Empire State.
"The University of Michigan furnish
es an interesting study in educational
history- The university as at present
constituted is the third form in which
it has existed In ISI7 it was first es
tablished as the 'Catholecistemiad, or
University of Michigania. " Of all pe
dantic schemes I have ever heard any
thing of this was by far the most
pedantic. Yet, in epite of this marvel
ous pedantry, there was, out there in
the wilderness of Michigan, a strong
movement toward better general edu
cation, and in the attempts to provide
systematic education for all classes, the
tendency toward unification is to be
discerned. The University of Michigan
In its present form was established in
ISC7, when Michigan entered the Union,
but it was truly the outgrowth of the
earlier institution.
"In Dlinois, during the second and j
third decades of the present century, !
the State Legislature showed a strong ■
antipathy to the establishment of col- ■
leges, but it encouraged the founding
of academies. Religious considerations
•were principally responsible for this. A
number of ecclesiastical bodies wanted
to found colleges, but strong preju
dices against anything like ecclesias
tical control of education prevented the
College of Illinois from obtaining a
charter in IS3O. The growing idea that i
church and state should be totally sep- j
arated appeared more strongly In the j
new States of the West than it had
In the colonies, and some of the preju
dices entertained against ecclesiastical ]
schools were moat bitter. In Illinois
one of the strongest charges used to
prevent the establishment of colleges j
was that the Presbyterians were be- |
coming powerful in State and national i
politics. Secondary education, ac- j
cordingly, in Illinois and many other j
Western States, took the form of acad- I
mic-s, rather than colleges.
"The idea of 'manual labor colleges
took a strong hold upon the minds of
the people of the West for a certain
time. The idea was taken from Swit
zerland, where such a school had been
successfully established. Although tried
all over the country, east as well as
■west, the manual labor colleges have '
almost invariably proved failures; the '
demand for institutions of this kind
has been met more effectually in later
years by the manual training schools
and colleges."
T. L. Heaton concluded his criticism l
upon prevailing methods of teaching ;
literature in the public schools and took '
occasion to condemn the practice of i
some teachers of trying to compel
children to give the English rather
than the American pronunciation to the I
vowels In many such words as "last" 1
and "past." In his remarks Mr. Hea- '
ton said:
"Children should be encouraged by
all means possible to form clear im- i
ages. Nothing is more helpful toward j
this end than having plenty of pictures j
of all kinds to show the children. If I
you are teaching them geography — the j
New England States for Instance — try j
to have some pictures of the New Eng- I
land coast before them. Gradually the j
pupils may be trained to form distinct i
images from letters and words. The j
Imagination can be thus developed to |
make a real picture out of a word pic
ture. In the formation of such Im
ages lies the greatest benefit of the |
study of literature.
"Altogether too much time Is spent I
in trying to teach pupils to pronounce i
the vowels In words as they are pro
nounced in England. Teachers drill
their pupils to give the 'ah' sound tv ;
the vowel "a* in such words as 'last' and
'past.' I, for my part, see no reason j
•why we should try to compel our chil- j
4ren to pronounce such words differ- I
•ntly from the way they are usually !
pronounced in America. There is no |
reason why we should not have an i
Amercan language as well as an Eng
lish language. We do not pronounce
'scheme' 'sheme,' as they do In
England, and to spend hours upon 1
hours In attempting to compel Ameri- j
can children to pronounce 'last' 'lahst'
is a waste of valuable time."
WELLS FIXED FOR PROBATE.
Estates of ißidor Cohn and Mrs.
Anna Ryan Disposed Of by
Testament.
The last will of Edward Isidor Cohn,
•who died on the 3Sth ult., was filed for
probate yesterday. Following are the be
quests: Hebrew, Catholic and Protestant
orphan asylums, $1000; to Anna Cohn,
daughter of the testator, $25,000, to be
paid to her on attaining the age of 21
years; to Mrs. Alvina Maschke, a life in
surance policy, value $3000. The residue
of an estate consisting of real and per
sonal property and valued at upward of
$10(1,000, is left to the testator'B widow.
The will of Mrs. Anna Ryan, who died
February 7, was also tiled for probate.
By the terms of the will $400 is bequeath
ed the rector of St. Dominic's Church to
celebrate masses for the repose of the I
souls of the testatrix's relatives. The j
residue of the estate, which is valued at I
$5000 is bequeathed to John J. Lee. The '
devisee died some time ago, and In con- I
sequence the property will go to a sister
of the testatrix, Margareta de Voto, of
Novato. under a deed.
CITY AND COUNTY SUED.
John W. Mackay and B. V. Doy Seek
to Recover Money Paid on Stocks
and Bonds.
John W. Mackay and R. V. Dey, trus
tees under the will of the late Theresa |
Fair, filed suit against the city and coun
ty of San Francisco yesterday to recover
$30,262 BS, which sum was paid under pro
test Into the treasury as taxes on stocks
and bonds of the Southern Pacific Com
pany of Arizona, the West Shore Rail
road Company of New York and the i
Commercial Cable Company for the year
ending June 30. 1898. The stocks "and
bonds are a part of the estate of Mrs.
Theresa Fair, and the plaintiffs allege
that they were not subject to taxation in
this Stale, and ask for a return of the
amount paid as taxes on them.
Low's Horehound Cough Syrup for
coughe and colds; 10c. 417 Sansome st. •
BOARD OF PUBLIC WORKS.
The Freeholders Legislating on a
Lengthy Provision for the Bet
terment of the City.
The all-absorbing question of providing
for the city a suitable substitute for the
organization which the city now has to
manage its public works was what occu
pied the time of the Board of Freeholders
at Friday's session.
That portion of the proposed charter
which is Intended to provide for the look
ing after of the city's public works is
largo enough in itself to form a small
sized charter. It is intended to provide a
remedy for many evils that the city has.
The proposed part of the charter deal
ing with this subject gives to the Mayor
the appointing of three commissioners
who shall have absolute control of all
public streets, squares, alleys, parkß, and
the building and repairing of all public
edifices, with a reserved authority vested
in the board of eighteen Supervisors.
At a meeting of the convention on
Friday Freeholder Clement had a change
of mind since the committee framed the
document. He fought long and hard to
have the Park Commissioners retained In
power as they now are. Freeholder Tay
lor was equally positive that they should
not be a separate part of the city govern
ment, even if the Mayor had the appoint
ing of them. Clement was supported by
ex-Mayor Ellert. as also by Sachs. So
NEWS OF THE MINES.
A Great Copper Devel
opment Promised in
San Bernardino.
Quartz Crystals Go to Tiffany
by the Ton — Progress
North and South.
The Mining Fair has run its successful
course, and the magnificent mineral ex
hibits are being packed up for removal
along with the show and advertising
features which some men from the min
ing counties have been inclined to con
demn. They should remember, however,
that these features and the other forms
of popular entertainment gave a needed
diversity to the fair and drew to it
thousands who were not especially lnit-r
ested in mining, and who received first
lessons In it there.
The fair has unquestionably done much
to advertise and popularize the mining
industry in th.o State, and so has served
its purpose. It is a pity that a larger
portion of the mining exhibit is not to
remain in San Francisco and help form
the extensive permanent exposition of the
mining resources of the State which
would be of so great value to the indus
try. Many specimens will go to the Park
Museum, and some county exhibits at
the State Board of Trade will be enriched
by selected mineral specimens and sup
plies of the special mining literature pro
vided by several of the mining counties.
The State Board of Trade exhibit and
office will remain in the Mechanics'
Pavilion, open to the public, until the
new ferry building is ready for it.
The most notable new mining enter
prise which lias come to notice in the
State during the week is one whicn the
San Bernardino Times-index enthusias
tically describes as follows:
"San Bernardino County may soon be ■
able to boast of her copper output as su
perior to that of the Arizona mines, and
also boast of properties almost as rich
as those of Michigan. J. Irvine Crowell
of Corona is representative of some large
Eastern corporations which have taken ■
hold of an immense copper deposit in this ;
county and intend to develop it.
"The copper deposit in question is sit
uated about midway between Daggett
and Bandsburg. It Is a belt two miles
broad by twenty-eight miles long. In ;
this belt the gentlemen have located 133
claims. The ore is unusually rich, run- ;
nlng 17 per cent copper and about $11 gold
and $13 sliver to the ton. This is an aver- .
age, while choice specimens have gone as
high as 40 per cent copper. The Arizona
mines only yield 10 per cent copper, and
that Is considered rich. In the belt there j
has been found plenty of water.
"The proposition is purely one of ;
smelting. The properties are now in the j
hands of two rich private Eastern cor- j
poratlons— the Pacific Copper Alliance of j
Js T ew York and the United Yucca Copper |
Mining Company— and another will soon
be organized in Boston to co-operate. The j
properties are positively not for sale, and :
neither will stock be sold. It is only rich I
corporations that can handle copper
Dispositions, and especially one -of such j
extent as this. They will some time short- j
ly, but Just when Mr. Crowell would not i
say commence tho erection of a 100-ton j
smelter for the reduction of their ores. '
Randsburg and adjacent de6ert dis
! tricts are joyful over the assurance that
i the fifty-stamp custom mill and cyanide
i plant at Barstow will be pushed to
! early completion. The plant is being
i erected with wise enterprise by the
Randsburjr Railroad people mainly to
develop the district upon which It de
! pends for business, though the large mi
i vestment will be profitable in Itself. A
: few days ago the miners were addressed
at Randsburg by Albert Smith, vice-pres
ident of the company, who stated that the
new mill, now in course of erection at
! Barstow, would have a capacity of fifty
! stamps, with all of the most modern im
provements in the way of gold saving
| attachments; with concentrators, and the
i addition of a cyanide plant to treat re
i fractory ores. This mill is owned by the
! railroad people, and would be run, first,
| in the Interest of the Randsburg mines.
He stated that the company would be
I able to handle ores of as low grade as $7
per ton. and that after the mills had been
in operation thirty days he could then tell
more certainly what they could do. He
; further said the company would take all
; of the low-grade ores in the camp, paying
j for them on the dump; that In three
weeks' time they would have a man here
to go through the district sampling and
buying ore, although they did not expect
to have the ir'U In operation before the
middle of Ap'rti.
It is thought that in a little time ores
running as low as $5 a ton can be treated
with profit. Regarding the enterprise, a
correspondent of the Los Angeles Times
writes: "This is the most important
event ever yet started for this district
There are vast quantities of low-grade
ores on every side, some veins running as
wide as twenty feet, but Just a little too
low to be available with any process now
within reach. There are thousands of
tons of ore here running from $6 to $12 per
ton, which will immediately have a com
mercial value."
The special mining edition of the Red
ding Searchlight, which is ready for dis
tribution, is the largest and handsomest
special issue of a paper ever devoted to
the mining interests of any part of the
State. It comprises sixty large pages,
filled with half-tone pictures of mines and
mining men of Shasta, Trinity and Sls
kiyou counties, and in a series of ar
ticles by experts the geological and min
eralogical features of these counties are
described. The vkrious mining districts
are treated In detail, and convincing
demonstration of the opportunities and
undeveloped riches of this great mining
region is reliably given. The edition will
do much for the mining industry in
Northern California.
Tuesday the first shipment of quartz
crystal came down on the narrow gauge
from near Mokelumne Hill, says the Lodi
Review-Budget. Each piece was encased
in heavy plank boxes and altogether the
shipment weighed 24.000 pounds. It was
consigned tn Tiffany, the great New York
jeweler king, and was in charge of Tif
fany's agent. It is said the crystals were
so clear and flawless that they will be
ground down into lenses for the big tele
scopes in the observatories. The car. if
all reports are true, contained the most
valuable property ever brought down
from the mountains, and the figures
would run away up into a good sized
fortune. The agent was bo careful that
it be handled gently that he paid the
men who transferred it an extra day*
pay. As the crystals were very plentiful
where this lot came from the owners of
the property have a better thing than a
dozen Klondikes in sight.
The Teresa quartz mine, located about
the first of the year in the Amalie min
ing district by z. E. Foster and Messrs.
May and Llnnell. has developed into one :
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 6, 1898.
warm did the debate become over this
subject that every freeholder present ex
pressed himself according to his line of
thought. On a call of the roll the motion
made by Clement was lost by 7 to 3, with
a change of Ellert's vote, followed by a
motion to reconsider at the next meet-
Ing.
The next snag struck was that discov
ered by Freeholder Crldge in that portion
which called for all work to be by con
tract. Cridge wanted day labor instead.
In this he was partly supported by Cle
ment, who was anxious to nave a proviso
inserted whereby the Supervisors would
be empowered to change the contract
clause if they saw fit. This little joker
brought Ellert to his feet. He saw bald
headed politics in the job and he was de
termined that there should be none if he
could exterminate that unholy leaven
from the charter. Taylor was of the same
opinion, and Cridge, seeing that his fa
vored clause was about to be killed,
moved to pass its consideration until the
next meeting, when McCarthy, who rep
resents labor, would be present, but his
pleading was of no avail. Contract for
public works where the amount of ex
penditure exceeds $500 was carried.
The lesson taught by Bateman Bros, in
the building of the Hall of Justice caused
the Freeholders to draw stringent laws
on tardy contractors. Hereafter no ex
tension shall be granted to exceed ninety
days after the time set for the completion
of the building, unless by the unanimous
vote of the commissioners and a two
third vote of the Supervisors.
Further consideration of this eection
will be had at the next meeting on Mon
day evening.
of the richest Btrlkei in that district.
It shows a two-foot ledge wonderfully
rich with mineral, the majority of which
is a line quality of copper and the rest
gold.— Kern County Echo.
Fourteen mining locations were record
ed in .Riverside County in one day last
week.
Rock recently shipped to the Selby
smelting works from the "24" mine in
Shasta County went $76 88 to the ton, and
the owners will continue developments on
the mine, which is yet but a prospect. A
tunnel will Ik- run seventy-live feet to tap
the main ledge, with xaith that another
good mine will result.
The Marysville Appeal announces an
other river dredging enterprise as fol
lows: "Amos I,ane, Thomas Henderson,
T. H. Stafford, William Howlett and an
other Sutter County man have formed a
company. Leased a barge and will rit It
up with an engine, boiler and centrifugal
pump tor the purpose of working a river
Lar about six miles from Browns Valley,
known as llowletts bar. It is expected to
have the plant working within three
weeks."
T. F. McAvoy, representing Chicago in
vestors, has secured an option on the
Major Lyons mine on Rich Gulch, Shasta
County, and is negotiating for a min
ing property on Salt Creek, owned by E.
P. Connor and son.
A dredger which has for a year been ,
moored on the upper Sacramento above :
Kedding la-st week broke loose with one .
man aboard and started down the rapid
Btream. The rest of the crew chased it
along the banks for four miles before it
was safely secured.
An Eastern company Is arranging to
put a force of men at work on the south
extension of the Selby mine, in El Dorado
County..
J. E. Sexton and others are developing
promising properties at Poverty Point,
El Dorado County, in a hitherto undevel- i
oped district.
The following by the Alta correspondent
of the Piacer County Republican is sim
ilar to the pleas that come from a great
many mining districts all over the State
in which quartz mining has "just begun ':
■"Snow fell to the depth of tnree inches
Sunday evening. It caused some of our
miners to smile, but the most of them
are working steadily. We have quartz
mines here in abundance. Some very
rich prospects have been taken out In the
vicinity of Shady Run. This statement
is based on tests which have been made
and which will convince the must ener
getic mining expert. The trouble is we
have no capital to start with; therefore
the yellow metal will have to remain till
some one with capital and enterprise will
set the bail rolling."
The Grover Cleveland Gold Mining Com
pany has incorporated in Monterey Coun
ty to develop mines In El Dorado County. :
Another rich vein has been struck in '
the Mountain Lily mine, Tuolumne
County.
A forty-stamp mill on the Patterson '
mine is one of the contemplated improve- ;
ments In the vicinity of Tuttletown, Tuo
lumne County.
The Calaveras Citizen says that Alex
Briggs picked up a piece of rose-colored
quartz near Columbia last week which
contained $140 in gold. It was slightly
oxidized with Iron, and the nugget
weighed nearly ten ounces.
Senator E. W. Chapman has secured the
Calf Pasture and Heenan ledges in the i
Rock Creek district and intends to pros
pect them. The Senator is engaged in
opening up a great many of our smaller
ledges, and is doing more than any other !
one nnn toward th. development of nu
merous quartz leads In this vicinity. —
Placer County Republican.
The Kentuck mine at Grass Valley has
b«-- n clo^e.i temporarily. The shaft is
down 300 feet and work will soon be re
sumed sinking three or four hundred feet
further. This mine is opposite the great
Idaho-Maryland, and it Is thought that
it will develop with depth, the great de
sideratum in mother lode mines.
Quite a boom 'has struck Volcano and
tho adjacent district In Amador County.
Several mines are being developed under
bond or otherwise. Among those that are
bonded and that is expected to commence
operations is the Iron Bound on Elsie
' rcf-k. The shaft Is down two hundred
feet In a vein of ore six feet thick, which
shows good prospects. The Live Oak has
been bonded to Denver parties, and Is ex
pectod to resume operations soon. The
Tennessee has been bonded by M. Tyler
to London parties and will be opened up
in a short time.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"THE CREDIT HOUSE."
Six Stories Hifch.
Very large easy chair,
upholstered in figured
tapestry, spring seat. As
comfortable as it looks.
Two calls to dinner will
hardly induce you to
leave it $3.50
A comfortable, upholstered, spring
seat, birch-mahogany r0cker....52.25
Handy, denim covered, lined, box
couches, for night and day service
--• $5 50
Bedroom economy. Hardwood
Beds, three-quarter size $2.00
Carpet department is comfortably
busy. 1000 patterns, best weaves.
Plenty of room and light to show
how the carpet looks on your own
floor.
Smyrna rugs, 18x36, reversible ;
variety of colors and patterns 65c
M. FRIEDMAN & CO,
233-235-237 Post Street.
Near Stockton. Open Evenings.
HALE BROS.
'♦'*^<£><!><i>^<i>s><3><S><j>ss><s>'.s><S><s>^--* > <*><$► <S><S'<S><B><B>'3><s><e><3><e>.s><s>^'S><»<S><3>S > <S'<S><8><8>'3><$><e><3><e>.$><s>^'S><»<S><3> <♦;<s► <^^<?><s><S><»<S><S>'S><«>vJ><«><S>^><i><J><»<J' < « >< S>^ >< «« > * <^ < »i» i ' <^ <^ < * ><^ <^ <^'® ><J>
[♦ RM^M^M^M _D_
> RBSaSBI MriSnn iMmßi MM^^llß tai^BSßxßmnS&Sffi Sr^b^^^mr F^
Another Stock Snapped LJp for You
\l BAUER & SOLOMON, WHOLESALE MANUFACTURERS, SELL OUT TO BALE'S AT 57c ON THE DOLLAR.
t : Stock N0,!.: f Stock No. 1?
<^ ( . J. rOOEL, 1030 Market St. | \V{i >> -^^ ■ ♦ BAUBR * SOLOMON, 18-80 Butter.
\l :: The 61c on the : /ji))m Hi^ : The 57c on the Dollar :
P I Dollar Fogel Stock I MWI///i "^i^l^^^^^f^T^ W^k- '■'• Bauer & Solomon ::
* " " g^^^^^^^^BA J . I j'\.' ! -Ladies and Children* l!nd«rwear " i •
It j pcr B nt m less r than I ' ******* (ifi^m \of A wholesale stock I
!♦ J De sold for consider- j H|||§K -««• «.i. *.... filil^^^ '' ments '> crlsp and new : :
!; ; Qblu less than the ;^^^^^^^ .^^ « C i W . ii an(i up t0 iate ' Also
><*> |! [JOOdS can he made i^^^^^^^^^ centi««n «a accept /our orr«r of ' 71fty-aev«r. c «m. ;; ahout 20,000 "yards 01 ■
|t I for. Hundreds of t <« th Doij * r f - °" r — re " ocX or Lall(s ' ni :hUo "^^^^^fe '' fine Eml]rolcierlJ and ::
j* :: garments on the ;; Ijllj — - **«««• ■**•««». «'-«^"^. j^^^^^ ii thl^flpm^for 1 the ::
!♦ ♦ tables fresh for to-:: WEj^jll tnf£ntB> "t" ts ' .cap 3. cap - Dor " etai aresse6< 6Klru ' * ad cosrE "f!!lp^^^ : manufacture of mus- ::
|| morrow's selling. <^^W/i Wl " m<ixe arranBemen " for lt " dei:v^ |||ir§^^ ii lln underwear and;:
;♦ ;; More to he put on;; . }]®&J}m - tovou ' • 4^O/^^\ : Infants 1 .- wear. On;:
[♦ I! sale as fast as room |! /ASMp" ««»"«i*'"«»««««».».«»«w..i.w»- .^^S^Q ;: the ta]3lesln all avail- ;:
!J ' : allows. ;; \[^siß Ia " m * B peotruu y . lit^^\ ♦ at]le .parts, or the;:
!♦ | Must Be Sold |T\ V* 1- jwv^xxxxx^v^.^x^^^^ -^^&7-' / f~' I V ' Must Be Sold
!♦'• Both Stocks One week is all the time we can spare to sell these stocks. New goods are crowding
I* /Vli j«==t Fl^- Sold in and torcin S us so and demanding such immediate attention that we are compelled to
yv*uis»i De; OUIU rush the selling of these two stocks to their utmost limit. The combined stocks amount
!| This Week. at retail to over $17,000.00. We've made prices insuring a speedy selling, employed
% . sufficient help to serve you all, put sale-tables in every available part of the store and
<$> made every possible arrangement to complete the sale in six days selling. The
> stocks consist chiefly of :
LADIES' MUSLIN GOWNS. . CHILDREN'S NIGHTGOWNS. INFANTS FLANNEL SKIRTS.
& LADIES' MUSLIN DRAWERS. CHILDREN'S MUSLIN SKIRTS. INFANTS' BIBS.
<& LADIES^MUSLIN CHEMISE. CHILDREN'S TAM O'SJIANTERS. INFANTS' BOOTIES.
MUSLIN CORSET COVERS. — — BOYS' SHIRT WAISTS. . CHILDREN'S SILK HATS.
'«► LADIES' MUSLIN SKIRTS. INFANTS' LONG COATS. EMBROIDERIES. •
<!> LADIES' SKIRT CHEMISE. INFANTS' SHORT COATS. COLORED VEILINGS.
 CHILDREN'S WOOL DRESSES. ■ INFANTS' MUSLIN SKIRTS. LACES. "
9 - CHILDREN'S LAWN DRESSES. INFANTS' SILK BONNETS. . KNIT UNDERWEAR.
<S> CHILDREN'S FLANNELETTE DRESSES. INFANTS' MUSLIN DRESSES. LADIES' LAWN APRONS.
. CHILDREN'S MUSLIN GAMPS. INFANTS' MUSLIN GAMPS. BOYS' BLOUSE WAISTS.
• CHILDREN'S MUSLIN DRAWERS. INFANTS' FLANNEL SACQUES. BABIES' POKE BONNETS.
♦ .s^—^s.
I We Call Particular Attention To:
* One line of 25c B ym' Shirt Waists, to sell at 15<* | One line of 75c Skirt Chemise, to sell at.. .*. SO C
<«> Another line of 2.' Cornet Waists, to sell at 15c Another line or 50c Chemise, to sell at 39«
a Another line of $1 23 Children's Dresses, to sell at 750 Another line of 2V Ladles" Muslin Drawers, to sell at. '. 15C
Another line of 70c Children's Dresses, to sell at 48a Another line of 2.V Child's Muslin Drawers, to sell at.: .■.:..; 15°
9 Another line of 4' Ladles' Drawers, to sell at ....«9o Another line of 50c Infants' Lour Muslin Skirts, to sell at 39C
<§> Another line of 20c Children's, Drawers, to sell at .....10c . ' Another line of 3.'c Infants' . Short Dresses, to sell at 190
a The above lots were picked at random to give a fair idea of values to be offered.
: ■ 21,768 Yards of Bauer & Solomon Embroidery.
Used and imported by Bauer & Solomon for the manufacture of Muslin Underwear. Purchased at 57c on the dollar along with the rest of the B. & F. stock.
Embroidery worth sc, we are able to sell at 3 c yard I Embroidery worth 16 2-3 c, we are able to sell at .'... 10 c yard
<$ Embroidery worth 4c, we are able to sell at 'A c yard Embroidery worth 20c, we are able to sell at, ; la^cyard
Embroidery worth ' 12V4c, we are able to sell at 7J^c yard Embroidery worth 25c, we are able to sell at 15 c yard
: . ' COTTON LACE— Coarse, heavy cotton lace bought for underwear trimmings, a Or*
. . little over 3 inches wide, if bought regularly It couldn't sell for less than 5c Jm»\*
*** COLORED VEILINGS— 97S yards came with th« B. *S. stock, two colors onVy, yard; this time Yard
<§> navy and brown, no black, that's why we put them in at 9c, to buy regular Q/~» ■ :
. we would have to Bell at 2".c, plain tuxedo mesh and chenille dot; the lot *J\* COTTON LACE— Finer than the above and about the same width, a crackajack Ar*
'& may not last all day, so come early Yard I at S 1-Sc;. the. lot to go this week '.. Yard TTv
<» ' A random List of Prices— Picked to show what assortments you'll choose from.
T Ladies' Infants' Infants' Infant's' . Children's Child's Ladies' Child's
<§> Muslin Drawers. Long Skirts. Long Dresses. Short Dresses. White Aprons. Pinafores. Ob/mise. Gimps.
<$> 15c ltd 29c 39c 50c 75c 75c $100 $125 60c E9c 69c 19c 39c * 4Sc 4Sc 39c 69c 29c 39c 48c " 29c 85c |9c
•v 35c 39c 45c 89c 9Sc $1 00 $1 50 $1 75 $2 50 75c 89c $1 00 59c 69c 75c | 75c 98c $1 25 59c 69c 75c ; EOc 75c 980
* 60c 75c 89c ! $1 25 and $1 50 $100 $125 $1 50 Isl 00 and $125 $1 25
A t fc^ J^ )J^ <J^ |j^ tJ^^^^^^^^ Ji^ -^_^ | _ i^_^ i^^_^^^^^^^^ ) _^ | _^^^^ -t^^^ %^ v^^^ i^ _ <^_^_ < -_^_rwn_r-LJ-^-^-uJ-uJ J >-f^u^^-r^J-LJ-LJ-XJ-u^-LJ-^-r^ — — — — —
<» GAIR'S "QUEEN" SKIRT SUPPORTER— A boon to uhirt waist wearers. Anew skirt supporter now being Introduced at Hole's. Invisible, easily adjusted*
a comfortable and economical. Gives a skirt a swing and a sweep and a style that mokes a dress much mere attractive. - A big lot just arrived 2sc each.
t jsam More Room.
'^^^^^^ We've leased the
* i&TtniiSrFw I store adjoin
C^k-^ 'fc?!P?Vi]t' to be opened about
<S> ]^^|IjK^ March 15th.
$> flf^WTO • The immense in-
* l//iriTC^3 crease of business, •
0 ''*' K»32d the demand for -
/$, Su&<* additional lines
-X ~ ■' •— T and greater as-
sortment, the daily crowds and in- |
creasing popularity call for greater
♦ selling space. We have leased the
<?> store adjoining us (formerly occu-
<s> pied by Meyers & Co.). Carpenters
are rushing the work with all pos-
sible haste and we expect to open
up this latest annex on or about
* March 15., You must excuse the in- v
<?> conveniences of altering and car-
<s> penterlng for the present.
» / (INCORPORATED]
>■ 937-945 MARKET STREET,
* SAN FRANCISCO.
■j. * { .:. i, 4 .;. .j. ,s ,s. «» * '•■ * 414 1 'J 1 '^ **
WHIST
WHIST SYSTEMS, GOOD AND BAD. (
In last Sunday's edition we published the j
system of play used by the Albany team n ;
! their matches against the strongest teams In
| this country. More than one thing can be said
Id favor of this system, but the principal one
| that will interest whist players is, it has
won some of the hardest fought matches ever
played in this country. This week we give j
; some other "systems" of play, good or bad,
:we won't say. Nor have we ever heard of
these systems winning any matches, but It Is
well for players to know all these frills -the
only excuse we can offer for presenting them ;
to our readers.
SYSTEM KNOWN AS "TOP OF NOTHING." j
The players of this school proceed on the
principle that If the original leader Is strong
enough to Invite his partner to play a forward
game he should be . able to play It himself, •
and should begin with the trumps. This Is In |
accordance with the old principle that one ;
should never leave anything to the partner
that he can attend to himself. If the original ;
leader Is not strong enough to play for his :
long suit he is not strong enough to lead
tramps, and If he is not strong enough to lead
trump* he Is not strong enough to play the i
long suit game. Hut he does not confine him- .
i self to lending supporting card?; anything will ;
| do. provided It is his w«kest suit, or at least ;
! the one in which he has no chance for a trick. |
[ Platn suits headed by sequences are always
i good leads, but falling them the shorter the
better. As Harry Low says, the trouble is to
find suits bad enough to lead.
In the Invitation game a small card would
be mistaken for a strong suit and a desire for
trumps; in the top-of-nothing game any small
card is top of the weakest suit, and the leader
HALE BROS.
I , — — — This
iJWum-ii Week's
*mFi HDP Window
S^i Displays
s==fe^l\\ \\ The feature of
~Z~^-xa\. V the week's win-
. 7 dow exhibit is
— — — — ' the showing of
the Fogel stock
and the Bauer & Soloman stock. An
entire window and side entrance
has been given to this show. We
desire our customers to judge the
values we are offering and have :
placed some fair examples in the
window for this purpose. However,
every garment will bear a closer
and more careful inspection- than a
window display allows. New ho-
siery forms another display. No-
tably, some new effects in fancy
hose. .; v;'^'"
t&n'idea of the new fashionables
in Spring Dress Goods is given in
another window. A handsomely
dressed figure shows a popular
cloth made up into the latest dress.
does not want trumps led. No matter what
the card is. there Is no possibility of partner's
misunderstanding the nature of the lead.
SYSTEM OF THE BOSTON DUPLICATE
WHIST CLUB.
The system used by the Boston Duplicate
Whist Club is the most rational of any of the
so-called "mixed systems" that we ha\ - e yet
seen. Briefly, It Is as follows: Open originally
from longest or best suit. Having honors in
sequence, follow American leads, except from
queen, jack, ten and others, lead ten, and lead
king In all cases where the American lead calls
for queen. I'se queen as strengthening card or
to show trump strength. When suit is headed
by a card smaller than the nine, lead top of
suit. From king. Jack, ten and others lead
fourth beyt. Do not open a four-card suit with
one honor If you have a strengthening card
which can be led. With king. Jack, nine, eight,
six. seven or similar suits, lead fifth best. Dis
card from weakest suit. Use reverse discard
to show suit you wish led. In trumps from
queen, Jack, ten and others, lead top of suit,
otherwise follow American leads. Echo with
three trumps on partner's end. Never finesse
on partner's trump lead.
These rules, with the exception of the dis
card, the number showing play of the king and
queen and the play of small card suits, do not
differ essentially from the long-suit game as
played by Albany.
SYSTEM CALLED COMMON-SENSE WHIST.
The Syitem Dubbed Common- Sense Whist Knowu
Among Some at the Invitation Gams.
This came proceeds on the principle that with
such general strength aa to Justify playing for
HALE BROS.
"""■' ' 1 'T'liic
lISP^: . ; Week's
sgB|yp? Store'
%%&&%&%» News.
■**— . — ——— ■ . Extra help .has
•v 1 ... '- — "• been employed for
the sale this week.
We hope to be
able to serve you all promptly and
obligingly.
Our new catalogue is billed to ap-
pear about March 10. People living
out of town should send for a copy.
Free for the asking. None distri-
buted in the city.
Buyers are returning from their
Eastern trip. They report that mar-
kets look most favorable and mak-
ers having a hard time to turn out'
orders fast enough.
The stockrooms are so crowded It.
is almost impossible to squeeze
through the aisles. And yet new
• goods keep coming in faster and
t faster. Do you wonder we have v - to
close these two stocks in a week?
the long suit, but not enough to lead trumps, \
the hand should be opened with a small card
of the unestablished long suit, no attempt be
lag made to show number with the fourth best i
This general strength is roughly defined as one
good suit, and a sure card of re-entry in an- ■
other suit, such as an ace, a twic*-guarded i
king, or king and queen. A queen is not con- >
sldered a re-entry card, no matter how well j
guarded, because the suit may have to co
found thres times for It to be available. This !
lead of a small card is supposed to be an mvi- !
tatlon to the partner to get out the trumps If
he Is strong enough ; If he Is not he should re
turn the suit. When the hand Is not strong i
enough to Invite the partner to play a forward
Of attacking game it Is opened with a support- !
Ing card, not to invite a ruff In the suit, but
simply to warn the partner that the leader is
not strong enough to play for his long suit, ;
even If he has one. and has no desire for
trumps to be led on his account unless the .
hand develops better than was expected.
A HARD WHIST NUT TO CRACK.
Whist clubs far Rnd near have the same
difficulties to overcome. Here is a wall from i
New Jersey, taken from the whist columns of i
the Newark News, so ably edited by T. E. i
Otis:
At the various whist clubs In this State the :
topic of most interest to the card committees |
at the present time Is the providing of ft pro- |
gramme for the season's play. This has al
ways been an important and troublesome ques
tion to solve, for the reason that no matter
what system Is Inaugurated some of the mem- ;
bers will object to it. generally upon the :
ground that the winners do not Indicate the I
strongest players, "too much luck in such a |
game," and much more such talk. What the !
card committee of each club Is trying to ob
tain Is that form of play which will stop th|B {
kicking and compel the cranks to apree. If
the membership of a club Is small a g.0.1 sys
tem Is the Individual schedule play. Also, in
a small club, a pair contest upon the SafTorcl or
Howell system Is Interesting and generally
meets with approval. In either small or large
clubs a contest between teams of four is very
popular and eliminates to a great extent the
charge that the "winners were very lucky, as
there was not that many tricks In the hand, as
we did not drop a trick, and team 3 (speaking
HALE BROS.
h^gSL [New Goods.
-jß"?^*?"- Spring Goods
T"Tjj<E& -in " * ast arriving— b ny
*^iMf&}&??F\ ers returning from
' t *^3»*liL 4hC ' r EaSt crn
■ ? '^ffi'^rr I Some swell
° 9 to' V' J*i Plaid and check
**-•/ Vet%- sash ribbons, just
7 H"P^ come in. Very
~ ■ — ' fashionable i n
New York, so our buyers report.
Wash goods keep coming in and
plaids seem to predominate. Ging-
hams are to be popular and all
dresses are to be ribbon trimmed.
Percales in stripes are in demand.
Hundreds of patterns.
Some new dress stuffs arrived
Friday. Spring woolens for tailor
gowns. Also some new black stuffs.
The black goods department is hav-
ing a boom.
i (INCORPORATED) . '" ""
937-945 MARKET STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
of the winners) must have had many presents."
This you hear in all whist clubs, but not so ■
much after a contest between "fours" as you
will after pair contests. For large clubs com
pass whist Is a* very popular form of play, and.
while many say It is no test of skill, the win
ners in a long contest, consisting of seven or
more tables, are always the best players in. a
club, J and hence the charge of no skill falls
with a "dull, sickening thud" upon the head*
of the kickers. - -•--
KATE.-WHEELOCK CLUB OF PORTLAND.
The - annual meeting of the Kate Wheelock
Club of Portland, ■ Or., was held In their room
in Mnxquam Grand on Thursday, February 25,
and resulted in the election of the following
officers for . the ensuing year: President. Mrs
Charles E. Sitton. vice-president. Miss Lucy i >.
Falling: secretary, Mrs. Edward T. .William*:
treasurer. ' Mrs. Frank Dayton. The meeting
was well attended and an enthusiastic one, ana
all of the members look forward to a year of
success and progress.
SATURDAY-NIGHT. WHIST AT THEORIST.
The Trist Duplicate Whist Club has taken the
Initiative in trying to solve . the perplexing
question of how to; bring ' together the young
and : Inexperienced players with those called
the advanced. .,
It Is a common and. too true assertion that
the experienced whist : players are not willing
to play with beginners. '. ,',-v
In order to remove that Impression and assist
those desiring to Improve their play, the whist
committee, of .the. club has ~ arranged with • the
older players the following plan for Saturday
night's play: The names of many of the more
experienced players ■• will be placed on the
blackboard, which signifies their willingness
and - pleasure ito play, with any member who
will -place their name opposite as partner for
thnt evening, or any, Saturday evening they
wish to name. . .. : ■ . ° J
OUR WHIST EDITOR.
;■ We are pleased :to < say our whist editor ' is
once, more on his native heath after a ,It
weeks ■ stay ,In i the . East among the snow
arlft! ! d v whlst clubs =He was , so royally en"
otter to* WW ' l * WeU on hls I *K2 *
-■*■ \. ' ■ -'■ •-.- '. - ':''/'' : '■ "■'■•' ■; -