VOLUME LXXXIII.-NO. 131.
THE SPANISH ARMISTICE
IS A PLAY FOR DELAY
TO-DAY SPAIN
WILL DECLARE
AN ARMISTICE
The Mediation of Leo XIII, Backed
by the Powers, Has Had Its
Effect at Madrid.
Copyrighted, IS9S. by James Gordon Bennett. I
MADRID, April 9. — Spain has ac
cepted the advice of His Holiness,
the Pope, and its Government has
granted the armistice which had been
suggested in the note of the United
States of March 29. What is more,
that armistice was g-iven by unani
mous consent of every member of the
Cabinet.
It has been an awful struggle.
Only yesterday evening all was lost.
General Woodford was, so to speak,
sitting upon his trunk, which was
packed. Mrs. Woodford and Miss
Eames, her niece, had left four days
ago and had crossed the frontier. So
had the naval attache. Lieutenant
Dyer, and the American residents
here were going out as fast as possi
ble. Nobody talked anything but
war. It was only very late last night
that messengers began to run about
in haste with letters that were mark
ed "Urgent." There was a mysterious
visitor at the house of Senor Moret.
Then letters were sent in urgent
haste to Senor Sagasta and to the
palace.
This morning broke upon a condi
tion of feverish excitement in the
public mind. "Nothing can avert
war, 1 ' said the proprietor of the most
serious paper here, as he came to ask
me for news, and he spoke like nine
ty-nine out of every hundred. There
was the deepest anxiety visible on
all faces, yet peace was in prospact
and they knew not of it. The morn-
Ing papers had given the public lit- i
tie hope. The Lioeral ominously
stated, in italics, that diplomacy had
ceased its functions. The Imparcial
announced among other pessimistic
news that Senor de Berna.be had his
orders to leave Washington and Gen
oral Woodford his to quit here. Ex
tensive space was given to the move- '
ments of ships for war purposes, and
the same about the movements of
troops.
The first note of peace was struck
at 11 o'clock, when representatives of
the great powers called at the house
of the Minister of State, Senor Gul
lon, and in the name of their respec
tive powers urged him to inform the
Government that the powers were
strongly of the opinion that for the
sake of peace and humanity the
Spanish Government should accept
the advice of the Pope. Opposition to
that advice was great. The majority
of the Cabinet were against it. Cab
inet councils were held one after the
other, but the Ministers could not
agree. The Papal Nuncio visited
hither and thither, but no result had
been arrived at. Spain's pride could
not see its way to accepting the pro
position desired by the people of the
United States.
That was the situation up to late
last night. Yet this morning and
even last night three persons at
least in Madrid considered that peace
was assured and what had seemed
impossible was about to be accom
plished. The visit of the Embassa
dors to Senor Gullon was one of the
outward signs of conditions which
would make an armistice possible.
The Embassadors left with the im
pression that what they recommend
ed would be accorded.
Later, at 1 o'clock, the Ministers
met. They were summoned to a coun
cil at the Foreign Office. The event
ful meeting lasted little more than
half an hour, for it was merely to
ratify the conclusion previously
known, to accept the only solution
The San Francisco Call
CUBANS WILL
REJECT THE
PROPOSITION.
WASHINGTON. April 9.— Mr.
Quesada, the diplomatic repre
sentative of the Cuban insur
gents in this city, was Been this
afternoon with regard to the re
port from Madrid that the Queen
Regent might issue an armistice
proclamation. "It is useless for
us," said Mr. Quesada, "to re
iterate again for the thousandth
time that we will not accept an
armistice and give up the ad
vantages we naturally possess
in the rainy season. We under
stand perfectly that Spain seeks
only delay. We will have noth
ing but independence. As a mat
ter of fact, an armistice is a sus
pension of hostilities to be ar
ranged by the opposing gen
erals.
"General Blanco and General
Gomez would have to agree* to
an armistice. Does any one
think General Gomez would
agree to suspend hostilities just
as we are about to win the great
boon for which our people have
fought and struggled so long?
Besides, who is to take the prop
osition for an armistice to Gen
eral Gomez? The constitution of
the Cuban Republic and the civil
law forbid the general-in-chief,
under penalty of death, to enter
tain or receive any offer from the
Spanish lines unless it has for its
basis the absolute independence
of Cuba. Who is to carry the
offer? The fate of Ruiz is a
warning of the fate which would
await such an envoy."
for peace which had been mapped out
for Spain by American brains and
which was not so clearly seen here
at first, as it is recognized to be now,
as the only way out of the difficulty.
The good news was at once con
veyed to Senor de Bernabe at Wash
ington, so that he might tell Presi
dent McKinley of his triumph. At
the same time General Woodford, ;
who was aware of the favorable turn
j events had taken, was handed a
memorandum from the Spanish coun
cil, embodying the official account of !
: the acceptance of an armistice, with j
i a brief note of the hope that it might ■
'■ be conveyed to President McKinley
iat the earliest possible moment. I
was told that yesterday he had tele
graphed to Washington that he was
stopping here more out of form than |
for any hope he had of any good re
sults being forthcoming.
The following is a statement made
by one of the Ministers: "The proc
lamation has been telegraphed to
' Captain General Blanco and will be
issued by him to-morrow, Sunday, j
I The armistice is as to time unlimited,
| we fully hoping that peace may be
dovetailed into it.
"We specially wish the proclama
! tion of the armistice to come through j
i the hands of Captain General Blanco, j
I considering him the person most sat- |
isfactory to the United States, as the
j policy with which he has been asso- j
ciated has been one of humanity. It
|is for this reason the Government
i has placed it in his hands, hoping
that in so doing it is showing the
thoroughness of its intention."
The fact is also appreciated here
1 that Captain General Blanco is on v
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, APRIL, 10, 1898 — FORTY-FOUR PAGES.
GENERAL VIEW OF THE CITY OF MADRID.
CONSUL-GENERAL LEE
SAILS OUT OF HAVANA
ON BOARD THE FERN
With Him Are the American Citizens Who
Remained in the Cuban Capital Up to
the Very Last Moment.
HAVANA, April 9.— The American dispatch-boat Fern, having on
board Consul-General Lee, Vice-Consul Springer and other employes of
the consulate and a number of American newspaper correspondents,
went to sea at 6 o'clock this evening, accompanied by the Bache and
the Evelyn, on which were a number of families, and the Olivette, with
147 passengers, among whom were Clara Barton, the family of Consul-
General Berndes, of Austria; George W. Childs, of the firm of Lawton
& Childs; Charles Todd, clerk of the firm of Zaldo & Co., and a number
of prominent families.
This city presents its habitual aspect of tranquillity in spite of the
announced departure of General Lee. The theaters are crowded and
the parks and principal streets are filled with people, who are cele
brating a religious festival, with admirable order being preserved.
In the interior towns the same tranquillity exists. Operations on
the stock exchange are paralyzed, but business continues to be done
in provisions, meats and other products coming from the United States.
friendly terms with General Lee, of '
whom he has always spoken well
when the American Consul was being
attacked in other quarters.
Senor Sagasta refuses entirely for :
the moment to make any statement
and the Ministers collectively con
sider the wiser policy of the moment
is discreet silence.
Few of the evening papers re
ceived the news of the armistice early
enough to make editorial comments.
The Epocha was one of the few ex
ceptions. It reflects what I told you,
that Spain has replied to the appeal
of all Europe, together with that of
the Chief of the Church.
The Correspondencia says: "It is
evident that tae pressure Of the pow
ers on the United States Government
will prove much more powerful in
favor of Spain after she has followed
their counsels."
The Corres, the Government organ,
says: "After this last step taken by
the powers it is impossible for this
Government, with its great respond
Copyrighted, 1898. by James Gordon Bennett.
bilities, to follow any other path
than that taken."
One indication of the effect is the
enhancement of prices on the Bourse
from the moment the armistice was
announced.
SPAIN'S EMBASSADOR
IS VERY BOASTFUL
Says War Would Last for Years or
Forever, and Would Ruin Both
Spain and America.
LONDON, April 10.— Lloyd's weekly
newspaper this morning publishes
prominently an interview with Colonel
John Hay. the American Embassador,
which remarks are of the most discreet
character. The paper also publishes an
interview with Count Derascon, the
Spanish Embassador, who is reported
to have paid:
"The sponsibillty rests wit Presi
dent McKinley. If he makes war there
will be war which will last five or six
years, or forever, and will ruin both
Spain and the United States. We shall
fully avail ourselves of letters of mar
que. The Maine was lost through the
ignorance or carelessness of her officers
and crew."
ARCHBISHOP IRELAND
IS NOW IN DESPAIR.
Cables the Vatican That There Is No
Longer Any Hope For Pre
venting War.
LONDON, April 9.— The Rome corre
spondent of the Sunday Special says
Archbishop Ireland has cabled to the
Vatican as follows: "I am In despair.
There is no longer any hope for pre
venting war."
Pensacola in Commission.
VAL.LEJO, April 9.— The training
ship Pensacola was placed in commis
sion this afternoon. Captain Henry
Glass commanding. In addition to the
crew, about seventy-five marines from
the barracks are quartered on board,
as a portion of the barracks is being
used as a hospital for patients removed
from the naval hospital owing to its
partial destruction by the recent earth
quake.
THE MESSAGE
WILL BE SENT
IN ON MONDAY
President McKinley Has Made
No Change in His Plans Be
cause of the Armistice.
NEW YORK. April 9.— The Her
ald's Washington correspondent tele
graphs: Once more Spain is making a
desperate struggle to escape the inev
itable. Will she succeed? Official
Washington is anxiously waiting to
night the terms of the Queen's decree
proclaiming an armistice, which is to
be promulgated in Madrid to-morrow
before the rendering of the final ver
dict.
The exclusive announcement in the
Herald this morning that an armistice
was to be proclaimed by the Queen
was further confirmed by the re
ceipt of a cable from Minister
Woodford this afternoon and through
dispatches received by several of the
embassies in this city. But meager de
tails have yet come to light as to the
full scope of the Queen's last plea for
peace. Everything depends upon the
concession she has made.
Diplomacy may win after all, but
it must be stated that few public men
in Washington look for any proposi
tion which will meet the demands of
the United States to an extent that
will avert the carrying out of the
President's programme of forcible
intervention to put an end to Spanish
misrule in Cuba.
Since the receipt of Minister Wood
ford's cable this afternoon several
members of the Cabinet, who are fa
miliar with its contents, have told
me that it had not changed the Pres
ident's plan of sending his message
to Congress on Monday next. They
stated, however, that it would be safe
to wait for the full particulars of the
NEWS OF THE DAY.
Weather forecast for San Fran
cisco: Cloudy and unsettled weather
on Sunday, with light showers early
In the morning; fresh westerly wind;
fog In the morning.
Maximum temperature for the past
twenty-four hours:
San Francisco 56 degrees
Portland 64 degree*
Los Angeles 74 degrees
San Diego 62 degrees
Sacramento 74 degrees
FIRST PAGE.
Spain Grants an Armistice.
Lee Leaves Havanna.
Monday the Message Goes.
SECOND PAGE.
Americans' Insulted in Cuba.
The Maine Explosion the Thing.
Schley Ready for War.
Germany Remains Neutral.
THIRD PAGE.
Frank Belew to Die.
The Czar's Message to China.
A New Trial for Zola.
Assailed by Ritualists.
Big Smelters Are Silent.
FOURTH PAGE.
San Jose's Fight for Reform.
FIFTH PAGE.
England to Back America.
State's Prison Directors Meet-
SIXTH PAGE. .
Editorial.
Spanish Retrogression. v I.
Open Ports in China. it
A Market Street Sewer.
The Jury Box Scandal. -,'
Passing of an Opportunity.
The Icebound Whalers.
The Habit of Being Resigned.
"With Entire Frankness," by Henry
James.
SEVENTH PAGB.
Racing at Emeryville-
Japanese Minister Complain*.
EIGHTH PAGE.
Coursing at Two Parks.
Awaiting Orders to March.
NINTH PAGE.
News Along the Water Front.
The Masontc Festival.
Kruttschnitfs Advancement.
TENTH PAGE.
Baseball on Two Diamonds.
ELEVENTH PAGE.
News From Across the Bay.
Fighting the Gas Company.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
MARK HANNA
EVEN DOUBTS.
NEW YORK, April 9.— The <
Washington correspondent of the <
Herald says: Senator Hanna, <
who was with the President this •
evening. In discussing the pro- •
posed armistice, said he did not -
believe that it would be satisfac- -
tory to the administration. He <
said positively that the Presi- <
dent's message would not be held <
back longer than Monday. <
<
Queen's decree before finally stating
that all hope for a peaceful solution
is lost.
The prevailing impression is that
Spain has not gone far enough to
meet our demands or to justify the
administration in reopening diplo
matic negotiations for the purpose of
coming to an agreement.
I was informed at one of the foreijrn
embassies which has been most deeply
concerned in the efforts to induce Spain
to proclaim an armistice that the Queen
Regent had taken such an advanced
step that the United States would be
put in a humiliating position in the
eyes of the nations of the world if we re
fused to entertain the nev peace pro
posals offered by the Madrid authori
ties.
The armistice, as understood by the
foreign representatives, who are nego
tiating to procure the acceptance of
NEWS OF THE DAT.
FOURTEENTH PAGHI.
Births, Marriages and Deaths.
The Day in the Churches.
Inspection of High Schools.
FIFTEENTH PAGE.
The Commercial World.
SIXTEENTH PAGE.
Chemistry to Find Crime.
Lost on Chllcoot Pass.
Girls Play Basket Ball.
High School Sports.
SEVENTEENTH PAGB.
Easter Bells.
EIGHTEENTH PA.GB.
' 'Resurrection. ' '
Easter Sermons.
NINETEENTH PAGE.
Egg-Rolling on the White Hoas*
Lawn.
TWENTIETH PAGE.
Training Cavalry.
TWENTY-FIRST PAGE.
Three Most Beautiful Women In th«
World.
TWENTY-SECOND PAGE.
The Duel In the Air.
TWENTY-THIRD PAOB.
Call's Camera Artist Abroad.
TWENTY-FOURTH PAGE.
How to Become a Minister.
Waterlogged in Mldocean.
TWENTY-FIFTH PAGB.
Fighting for Islam.
TWENTY-SIXTH PAGEI
Easter Hats.
TWENTY-SEVENTH PAGB.
Btories of Easter Hats.
• TWENTY-EIGHTH PAGB.
"Judith."
Thomas Jefferson's Opinion on Cuba.
TWENTY-NINTH PAGE.
Easter Day at Mission Dolores One
Hundred Years Age.
THIRTIETH PAGE.
Favorite Easter Menus.
THIRTY-FIRST PAGE.
Easter Music.
THIRTY-SECOND PAGB.
Society.
THIRTY-THIRD PAGE.
Church Windows.
THIRTY-FOURTH PAGE.
Books.
Schools.
THIRTY-FIFTH PAGE.
Theaters.
THIRTY-SIXTH PAGE.
For Boys and Girls.
THIRTY-SEVENTH PAGBL
The New Charter.2
Spain's terms, is to co^er a period of
six months, during which the Cubans
will have an opportunity of deciding,
through the medium of the ballot-box,
the kind of government they want, and
that Spain will :ven go to the extent
of considering a proposition from them
for their complete independence on an
indemnity basis.
I am told from the same source that
negotiations are being conducted in
Washington with the representatives of
the Cuban republic with a view to pro
curing their consent to the proposed ar
mistice. It is also stated that the in
fluence of the Pope is being stronelv
exerted with the Cubans in the field.
but up to this time it has not developed
that any of the Cubans authorized to
speak have given their consent to the
proposed armistice.
The opinion that they may do so is
entertained only by the representatives
of the powers, which have prevailed on
Spain to grant the proposed armis
tice.
The prevailing opinion among
Washington officials is that the pro
posed decree is only a scheme for
further delay and in the nature of
a diplomatic trick to force the United
States into the position of making
an unjustifiable war.
The presence of Senator Eikins and
Colonel J. J. McCook at the White
House to-night is known to have some
connection with the proposed new ar
giistice. They are important factors in
the unofficial negotiatioi which are
going !>:i in the struggle to avert war
and to secure the independence of Cuba
through the medium ol an indemnity.
I am told that both of these gentlemen
are very optimistic in their views to
night. They consider that peace is now
practically assured.
War clouds still hover over the
White House, despite the efforts of
foreign and domestic peacemakers.
The course of the administration is
set in the direction of a policy which
every citizen can indorse and every
civilized nation of the world will
sanction when it is thoroughly un
derstood.
There was nothing very warlike to
the throngs of sightseers who clustered
about the executive mansion all day.
but upstairs in the President's library
all the horrors of war were discussed
and the responsibilities resting upon the
administration in the present crisis were
fully considered. Judge Day was called
to the White House early in the day.
He was the bearer of a cablegram from
Minister Woodford giving a brief out
line of the general situation in Madrid.
Minister Woodford made no allusion in
his first dispatch to the armistice, ex
cept to state the current gossip at the
Spanish capital o,n that subject. A cable
came from Minister Woodford later in
the day stating that an armistice would
be proclaimed to-morrow.
Judge Day also had a cablegram from
Consul-General Lee at Havana an
nouncing his readiness to depart from
Key West during the afternoon.
While Judge Day was engaged with
the President Senators Hanna, Elkins
and Aldrich called to particioat^ in the
long conference that took place in the
library. Rumors were immediately cir
culated that some definite information
bearing upon the armistice had arrived
and was being considered by the Presi
dent and his advisers. It is well known
that Senator Hanna still hopes for a
peaceful solution of the problem, and
that Senator Elkins has been the bearer
of numerous messages of a peaceful na
ture emanating from Rome. Senator
Aldrich was until a few days ago one of
the stanchest members of the peace
party, but is believed to be thoroughly
convinced now that war is inevitable
unless the Spanish flag is removed from
the island of Cuba.
While gossips were trying to fathom
the mysterious conference in the library
several Senators. Representatives and
other official visitors were anxiously
ADVERTISEMENTS.
■-■-■-■-■-■-^-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-B
GREAT SALE
- - - OF - - -
New Wash Fabrics!
Commencing' TO-MORROW We Place on Sale
30 Cases of New Wash Fabrics
In the most beautiful colorings — exclusive
designs — comprising Zephyrs, Ginghams,
Imported Madras, Printed Organdies, French
Percales, Scindia Madras, which for style
cannot be excelled and are offered at
exceptionally low prices.
SPECIAL! SPECIAL!
A rjp A YARD— S cases of AMERICAN ZEPHYR GINGHAMS, in
1. \J\J checks and stripes, fast colors.
A Olp 10 cases of 36-INCH PERCALES, in over 100 different
A Zl2v styles, in plaids and stripes, elegant styles.
>j pTp 5 cases of DIAPHANE ORGANDIES, in shadow effects in
1 Uv dainty colorin<s^excellent styles.
9ftp 1 ° Cases ° f 36^ H FINE MADRAS CLOTH, in over 100
Lj\J\j styles in the most beautiful colorings, just the material for
Waists, in stripes, checks and plaids. ,
AMERICANS IN
CUBA INSULTED
BY SPANIARDS
Dare Not F^eseQt Their Treatment
by the Dons Who Seen) to
Regard War as Existing.
Copyrighted, IS9S. by James Gordon Bennett.
KEY WEST, April 9.— 1 have important news as to what is going
on in Havana, My informant says: "The Spaniards are actively pre
paring for the United States, and seem to regard war with the United
States as already on. Americans in the interior are constantly in
sulted and dare not resent it.
"In Havana all possible obstacles are being- placed in the way of
refugees leaving. I would not be surprised if the last vessel load was
massacred. I noticed Spaniards were moving large quantities of dyna
mite out of the city and storing it in small towns in the interior. It
is feared that it will be exploded by American bombardment.
"Artillery that is being hurried out of Havana is understood to be
to prevent the landing of President McKinley's army of occupation.
The Spanish idea is that the American army will try to effect a landing
on the south coast.
"Spanish merchants, expecting a blockade, are making elaborate
arrangements with their English representatives in the Bahamas for
running the blockade. At one point only twenty-three miles of water
separates Cuba from English possessions. These arrangements are said
to be an elaborate scheme, which will not only cause Americans much
embarrassment in giving them a long coast line to patrol, but may
cause complications with England."
My informant further says the insurgents are more active than
ever. The French general in charge of the rebel forces in Havana
province has made great headway. He also believes Garcia and Gomez
are together,. Recently 1200 Spaniards went after thirty rebels not far
from Guyre, threw out a line, completely encircling them, and closed in.
The rebels cut their way through the Spanish line with machetes. They
did not fire a shot. They escaped and left twenty-six dead and wound
ed Spaniards behind them.
awaiting an audience with the President
in the anteroom. After more than an
hour of waiting these gentlemen re
ceived word that the President was very
busily engaged and would have to be
excused until a later hour.
In the meantime Postmaster-General
Gary arrived and was immediately in
vited to participate in the conference in
the library. The fact that Postmaster-
General Gary is a member of the Roman
Catholic church and the warm personal
friend of Cardinal Gibbons suggested
that he might also be the bearer of
some important information in connec
tion with the armistice. Comment was
made upon the fact that Postmaster-
General Gary and Judge Day were the
only representatives of the Cabinet nres
ent, and considerable significance was
attached to the fact that both Postmas
ter-General Gary and Judge Day were
prepared to join in any movement that
may result in a peaceful and honorable
adjustment of the present difficulty.
Representatives Boutelle, chairman of
the Committee on N .val Affairs, and
Cousins of lowa, one of the members of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, who
favor immediate action for the free
dom of Cuba, suddenly appeared at the
White House and were at once ushered
into the conference room, and it was
announced that they were present by
special instructions.
This conference lasted several hours,
and when it concluded it was stated that
the subject under consideration had no
special bearing on the armistice, but that
the conference was held with the view to
harmonizing action in the Senate and
the House of Representatives after the
President's message is delivered to Con
gress. As is well known, there are sev
eral factions in the Republican party
in the House and in the Senate, and
certain gentlemen are disposed to ques
tion the wisdom of adopting a joint
resolution in favor of intervention
without recognizing the independence
of the Cuban republic.
It is understood this subject was
fully considered at the conference, and it
is believed that harmonious action will
be the result when the resolutions to
follow the message are presented for the
consideration of the House and Senate.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 10, 1898.
SCHLEY NOW
READY FOR WAR
Vessels in the Flying
Squadron Prepared to
Proceed.
Officers Remove All Bric-a-
Brae and Other Things to
the Shore.
The Commodore Only Waits the
Word to Take the Offensive or
Defensive.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April 9.— An Old Point
Comfort, Va., special to the Herald
says: Commoc" -re Schley notified the
Navy D. pa. ment this morning that he
is ready. He awaits now the word to
move, although it is known that the
order depends entirely on developments
in Washington which may be such as
to hold the flying squadron in Hampton
Roads until it can be joined by the
cruisers San Francisco and New Or
leans.
Nothing remains to be done in the
way of preparation en any of the ships.
The bunkers are crammed full of coal,
magazines are filled with ammunition
and store room? -vith provisions. One
of the final preparations among the of
ficers of the squadron be \ leaving
peaceful waters was observed this
afternoon upon the wharf and in the
express offices at the Fort Shore
clothes, cabin and wardroom bric-a
brac and personal belongings, including
everything not needed in action, had
been packed in trunks, chests and grip
sacks, which were taken ashore in the
ships' boats, and awaited the evening
boats and trains to be conveyed to
home addresses. The officers, like the
ships of the squadron, are now cleared
for action.
The Massachusetts. thoroughly
cleaned of the tenacious sea growth on
its bottom, gained in Southern waters,
came down from Newport News this
afternoon and cast anchor in close
proximity to the flagship Brooklyn and
cruiser Minneapolis. Like her com
rades of war she is in condition,
coal stored and ammunitioned, with
only her boats to be cast astern and
combination deck ladders thrown over
board, to begin active operations.
I made inquiries to-night regarding
the rumor that the slower-going battle
ship Massachusetts was to exchange
places with the speedy cruiser New
York, at present Captain Sampson's
flagship in the North Atlantic squad
ron, but so far as I was able to learn
there is no foundation for it. At least
it is a matter that the squadron officers
say they know nothing about and have
heard nothing.
GIVES A DIFFERENTIAL
TO COAST BUILDERS.
Important Stipulation in the Bill
Providing for Three Battle
ships and Four Monitors .
WASHINGTON, April 9.— The naval
bill as completed by the sub-commit
tee, of which Senator Perkins of Cali
fornia is a member, in providing for
three new battle-ships and four coast
defense vessels of the monitor type,
stipulates that in awarding these con
tracts Pacific Coast contractors shall
be allowed a differential of 4 per cent
on one of the battle-ships and on one
coast defense monitor. The bill pro
vides that no more than two vessels
shall be built in any one yard. The
monitors are similar to the Monterey,
and will cost one million and a quarter
each, exclusive of armor, and the total
cost of each when armored will be
about one million and a half.
The committee also increased the
number of torpedo-boat destroyers
from twelve to sixteen, and their ton
nage from 350 to 400 and the speed to
thirty knots.
Senator Perkins also secured an ap
propriation of $100,000 for necessary
wharves and buildings for the proposed
naval apprentice station on Goat
Island.
GLAD BELLIGERENCY
IS NOW RECOGNIZED
WASHINGTON, April 9.— Mr. Ques
ada, the representative of the Cuban
Junta in this city, said to-night: "The
Cubans are gird to see their belliger
ency at Kst recognized by the Spanish
Government. Cubans will not cease
fighting nor entertain any negotiations
which have not for their -sis the ab
solute independence of the island of
Cuba." :.. . . 
CONDITIONS
CANNOT NOW BE
COMPLIED WITH
SpaiQ Must Settle for the MaiQe
flffair After the CubaQS Are
Dealt With Justly.
WASHINGTON, April 9.— After conferences at the White House to-night
men who are in the confidence of the President expressed the belief that the
granting of an armistice would not materially change the policy as al
ready matured. One of the men who had a long conference with the
President to-night, expressed the opinion that the proposed armistice
tended materially toward a peaceful solution of the Cuban question,
although he declined to venture even a suggestion as to how the propo
sition would be received by Congress.
"The Maine incident will still be left for solution," said he, "and
that is the question upon which Congress and the country are at the
present moment excitedly sensitive."
The exact terms of the armistice are felt to be the most essential
feature of Spain's concessions. At the outset, it was supposed to be
an unconditional grant of armistice. Later, however, the advices from
Madrid and London stated conditions of a very material character.
If these conditions prove to be accurate, they will doubtless compli
cate the situation here and leave the crisis quite as acute as it has
been at any time heretofore.
A Cabinet officer said recently that the administration had not
considered the proposition of withdrawing the American fleet from Key
West, and while this was some days ago, it is not believed now that
such a proposition would meet with any serious consideration. The fact
that Spain has granted this armistice as the result of influence ex
erted by the great powers of Europe and the Pope leads to much con
jecture as to how far the material influences of the powers will be
given in support of Spain, now that she has yielded to their earnest
solicitation. It has been understood thus far that the movement of
the powers was purely disinterested, but press dispatches from abroad
indicate that Spain's yielding to these Continental influences had es
tablished a closer bond than had hitherto existed.
GERMANY IS
YET NEUTRAL
Refuses Austria's Over
tures to Help Spain
Out at Present.
Emperor William Also Truly
Predicts Americans Would
Not Permit Mediation.
Naval Attaches Abroad Ordered to
Stop Buying Warships and
Get Ready to Return.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BERLIN, April 9.— A1l news of the
Hispano-American crisis is anxiously
watched in Germany, as the opening
of actual hostilities is expected, and
German interests, especially her com
mercial interests, are involved.
The newspapers, although still hoping
that peace will not be broken, are be
ginning to discuss the probable effect
of war upon trade. Public opinion is
much divided, many of the papers ex
pressing the opinion that the United
States ought to be satisfied with the
concessions that Spain is offering;
others declaring, however, that the
United States is right in declaring the
independence of Cuba as the only
means of preventing the recurrence of
the disturbance and quieting just in
dignation in America at Spanish mis
rule.
Hardly anybody in serious political
circles doubts that war is coming, the
points at issue being deemed irreconcil
able, although every paper does full
justice to President McKinley's mode
ration and evident desire for peace.
The national conservative newspapers
have taken the occasion to point out
that in the event of war Germany
ought to seize the opportunity to se
cure objects which her politicians have
been aiming at for years. The Deutsche
Zeitung, the leading organ of this party,
expresses the hope that the German
Foreign Office is arranging to "appro
priate Samoa, drive the Americans
from there and take possession of one
or more of the Antilles; if possible, the
Danish Islands, as Germany, after
Cuba has become American or inde
pendent, will require a coaling station
in these waters for her navy and mer
chant marine." •
It is learned at the Foreign Office
here that the Cannamaba incident has
been satisfactorily settled, Spain agree
ing to pay 450,000 pesetas damages for
the destruction of German property and
the lives taken by the insurgents on
that part of Cuba, In consequence of
this settlement the German warship
Geir has been ordered to Brazil instead
of going to Havana for the purpose
of collecting an indemnity and punish
ing the perpetrators of the outrage.
The newspapers, however, call on the
Government to send at least one war
ship to protect German interests in case
of hostilities, and it is understood the
navy department has instructed the
officials at Kiel to send a vessel across
the Atlantic.
In the event of an outbreak the offi
cial attitude of Germany will not be
changed. Under no circumstances will
she depart from the strictest neutral
ity. The Spanish Embassador here.
Senor Mendez de Vigo, made another
attempt during the past week to secure
Germany's intervention or mediation,
while Emperor Francis Joseph of Aus
tria renewed his personal and confiden
tial solicitations on the same subject
with Emperor William. Germany,
however, has taken up the position that
the question exclusively concerns the
United States and Spain, and that un
less both of these countries ask German
mediation or good offices, any steps in
thf» matter would be useless.
It is said on unexceptional authority
that the Queen Regent was the initia
tor of the movement to enlist the Pope
in Spain's behalf, and that Emperor
Francis Joseph aided her, but Emperor
William warned them that the step was
likely to meet with the decided disap
proval of the majority of Americans.
A diplomat at the Spanish Embassy,
in an interview, said: "Spain is ready
for war if it comes. "While it fs true
that a large number of the Spanish
people are anxious for war, that Gov
ernment is trying to avoid it. Iw the
event of war the Spaniards can be de
pended upon to stand by the Queen
Regent and the young King in spite of
all democratic conspiring which is go
ing on. It would be cowardly for them
to act otherwise. The Yankee republic
will find the present generation of
Spaniards as chivalrous as their fore
fathers."
Lieutenant A. P. Niblack, the United
States naval attache here and at Rome,
is waiting orders to proceed to Italy
again.
Commander Willard Brownson, the
agent of the United States Navy De
partment in Europe, has been given
SPAIN LOSES
ONE ISLAND.
HONGKONG, April 9.—Rebel
lion has broken out in Zebu, one
of the Philippine Islands and an
important business cer.'er of the
hemp and sugar trade. The ca
ble has been cut, news being sent
by foreigners through sailing
craft. Foreigners are safe. The
whole island has been taken by
the rebels, and the Governor and
other Spanish employes mur
dered or taken prisoners.
Three steamers have taken
troops to the scene of action. It
is expected that Iloilo and other
southern islands will follow. The
whole country is agitated.
The Spanish provincial Gover
nor at Tayabas has been severe
ly wounded. His adjutant has
been killed in Ilocas province,
and a priest and the captain of
the civil guard were mortally
wounded.
Riots in Pangasinan continue.
Precautions are taken in Manila,
but trouble is expected.
authority to issue instructions to all
the United States naval attaches in
Europe, accord*--- to the requirements
of the situation. In fact, there is even
a possibility that they may all be
called home. On strictly reliable au
thority it is learned that all the United
States naval attaches have been or- i
dered to end their negotiations for the
purchase of warships, munitions of I
war, etc. The reason for this is that
the time is regarded as too short to al
low for the transportation of the pur
chases to the United States before
war is declared. The same authority
says heavy demands have been made
for war material, tl.e nature of which
is kept a profound secret, but which in
the event of hostilities wili play a most
important role.
TWO SPANISH CRUISERS
DEPART FROM CADIZ.
Cape Verde Islands the Destination
of the Cristobal Colon and In
fanta Maria Teresa.
WASHINGTON, April 9.— Two of the
Spanish cruisers which have been with
the fleet at Cadiz have left that place
for the Cape Verde Islands, where the
rest of the torpedo fleets is rendezvous
ing. This information came to the
Navy Department to-day. These two
vessels are the Cristobal Colon and the
Infanta Maria Teresa, both armored
cruisers. The information in posses
sion of the Navy Department is that
only a portion of the original torpedo
fleet that left Spain and the Canary Is
lands, presumably for Porto Rico,
reached the Cape Verde Islands.
Oregan Sails Under Sealed Orders.
LIMA, Peru, April 9.— The United States
warship Oregon'salled under sealed orders
to-day. It is supposed her destination is
Sandy x oint, Magellan, where she will
join the Marietta.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Familiar_ Words
How Thousands of People
Come to Say the Same -
Thing
General • Experience Described by
•J> Different People. ••;
It '] is a c common • form of ; expression
among ' those who " have taken Hood's
Sarsaparilla that they feel as "though
they had "been "made over new." Read
this: ;:;v -. '. ; •"-■,-_ • -;,,. 1 , .•■-••-■•
"For ; : years I ; had sick headaches
every day and I was also troubled with
weakness of the lungs. I began taking
Hood's j Sarsaparilla and the headaches
were . entirely cured. My lungs became
strong and well. My health has im-
proved wonderfully. The medicine
made, a permanent* cure. I have not
needed the services of a physician and
have : taken no other t medicine since i
using Hood's. My friends all remark
How Much Better I Look ,
and ask what helped me so much and I
alv^ys tell •them it was Hood's Sarsa-
parilla. ; I never weighed over 100
pounds before taking % Hood's Sarsapa-
rilla and \at - the time I * began ; taking it 1
I ) had run down to 85 pounds, ; . but now
I weigh . 111 . pounds. . / I ;', am J now per-
fectly well and able '; to do all my J work
and feel as though I had been made,
over ; anew." "■ MRS. ;c:\ B. CARD, 1215
Adeline / street, Oakland, Cal. > - ] :: 1\ -
Hood's Sarsaparilla %
Is America's Greatest ; Medicine. $1; ' six ; for, $5.
■I ''■£■> '<• . rk*ii - are the best after-din-
Hoods rilfe.^ ald digea
• -' - ? ADVERTISEMENTS. ____^_^___^__-^.
iETEW¥sCOYERY If M CENTURY.
The Eminent Physician and Specialist Who Has Discovered
How To Tell If We Have Kidney,
Bladder or Uric Acid Trouble,
HOW TO FIND RELIEF AND CURE QUICKLY.
You May Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
There comes a time to both men and
women when and poor health
bring anxiety and trouble hard to bear;
disappointment seems to follow every
effort in our behalf; we get discouraged
and skeptical. In most cases serious
mistakes are made in our treatment,
and in not knowing what the disease is
or what makes us sick.
If a peculiar pain attacks you, try to
locate its origin and discover which or-
gan of the body is sick and in need of
attention.
If the kidneys are at fault— and in
almost every case in the failing of our
health they are — look well to their res-
toration to health and strength.
They are the great filters of our body,
and consequently, the purity of the
blood is entirely dependent on their
cleansing powers.
If the kidneys are not in a perfectly
clean and healthy condition, the blood
becomes impregnated with impurities
and a decay of the kidneys soon takes
place. If your desire to relieve your-
self of -water increases, and you find it
necessary to arise many times during
sleeping hours, your kidneys are sick.
As they reach a more unhealthy stage,
a scalding and irritation takes place as
the water flows, and pain or dull ache
in the back makes you miserable. If
the water, when allowed to remain un-
disturbed for twenty-four hours, forms
a settling or sediment, you are in the
grasp of most serious kidney or blad-
der diso-ier.
If neglected now the disease advances
until the face looks pale or sall.iw.
Directory or
- r KOTZEBDE SOUND GOLD FIELDS,
Jk -. ALASKA. -
-^l .BARK M ERM AI D
W^M LEAVES MAY Ist. \
V^^JlVt PASSfIGE. ..;s2ob
\jTL_ J/T,. Space allowed for I%'tons bag-
•-•iSSSgtr.'' ' gage for each passenger. * ■
Office.... ......26 California st
-c=^Cir- HENRY X.. BORDEN, Gen. Mgr.
" - CAPT. WICKS.
KOTZEBUE SOUND MINING AND
TRADING CO.
FOR Kotzebue Sound— bark J. A. Falken-
i burg will tail on or about May 10, IS9S. Fare,
including 2500 pounds I baggage or freight, fiOO.
. Passengers will apply : early- -to LYNDE *
I HOUGH CO., 40 California: St., San Francisco,
I or to \A. H. : Herrlman. ■ general , manager. »1
Front St., San Francisco. ',-,--_■' ■..':.
KOTZEBUE SOUND
GOLD FIELDS.
Barkentine LESLIE' D. SAILS APRIL 17. Is
now at Harrison st. Dock. Office, 3$ East st.
DR.MQNOLIT.
■. rpiriS "VEMJ-KXOWN AND RKLIABLK 01.6
I Sp("«-jn!!st ntres Prlvate,Ncrvou.s,H!ooc:
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restore.l. Over
•' 20 years' experieuce. fiend for Book, fr«v\ i'Mient;
curpdat Home.' Terms reasonable. Hours. 9 to
daily;6:3otoB.3o€Ves. Sundays. 10 to 1- ConsHlta-
Uonfree and sacredly confidential. Citiloraaaxeaa |
P. ROSCOE WeKITI.TT;M. !>.,
; 96% Kearajr Street. San rruclWN r»l \
puffy or dark circles under the eyes, th«
feet swell and sometimes the heart acts
barlly.
There is no more serious menace tc
health and strength than any derange-
ment of the kidneys.
Swamp-Root is the great discovery oi
Dr. Kilmer, the eminent physician and
specialist, and the mild and extraordi-
nary effect is soon realized. It stands
the highest for its wonderful cures ol
the most distressing cases. All up-to-
date American and European hospitals
are indorsing it, because of its remark-
able success in the treatment of kid-
ney and bladder disorders and Uric
Acid troubles due to weak kidneys, such
as catarrh of the bladder, gravel, rheu-
matism and Bright's Disease, which i»
the worst form of kidney disease.
It corrects inability to hold water,
and promptly overcomes that unpleas-
ant necessity of being compelled to gc
often during the day, and get up man)
times during the night. It is just the
remedy we need, and is dispensed by
druggists in 50-cent and $1 bottles.
To prove the merits of this remarka-
ble discovery Swamp-Root, you may
have a sample bottle and book of valu-
able information, both sent absolutely
free by mail upon receipt of three 3.
cent stamps to cover cost of postage
on the battle. The value and success
of Swamp-Root are so well known thai
our readers are advised to write for a
sample bottle and to kindly mention
the San Francisco Sunday Call when
sending their address to Dr. Kilmer A
Co., Binghamt-on, N. Y.
Copyright, IS9S— Dr. K. & Co.
■- - ■ ■
TJ?AJVSJ>OJ?TATION-Con tin ued.
TRAVELERS TO DAWSOF
Via DTEA and SKAGUAT can arrange to
have their provisions sent via St. Michael
and the Yukon River, by applying to
ALASKA^YUKON
TRANSPORTATION CO.,
3 STEUART ST., San Francisco, Cal.
BIRCH Creek district: now nearly deserted
owing to lack of food; larger and Just as rich
as Klondike; produced about $5,000,000; 1500 x
100 feet; our new modern steamer. • Alice
Rix.' stops there going to Dawson City; our
book free. .Alaska Transportation Co.. 224
. Montgomery St.. opp. Russ House. ,
GAS ~ ENGINES. ~~
UNION GAS ENGINE CO.
339 HOWARD STREET. ■- 'ft
GASOLINE ENGINES and LAUNCHES
~ P. SB. PRODUCTS.
P. & B. BUILDING PApljß^nT"pP&~B"
READY ROOFING, sold by ail first-class deall
ens," are clean, odorless, of great strength, rea-
sonable In price and easy to transport. , They
keep heat, cold, dampness and dust out of
buildings; are particularly adapted to Alaskan
trade. PARAFFINE PAINT CO., 116 Battery
at. Tel. No.. Main 1763. ■■-■■■ - ' . ■.•-.-■■
SLEDS. BOATS. "ETC.'. .■■"■■•...
ARCTIC sleds, Arctic dogs, Yukon boatT*
pilot maps to ; the Klondike, Alaska outnts!
steam launches and stern-wheel steamers, with
boilers suitable to burn wood; 50 boats can ba
seen at salesroom. . G. W. KNEASS. 71S Third
st. 'Phone Red 23»1. -. .
DDTTCIJT7C FOR barbers, bak-
brewers, bookbinders, . candy-makers, canners,
dyers, flourmilis. foundries, laundries. , paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen. , tar-roofers, tanners,', tailors, etc -
:; 1 BUCHANAN BROS.. " v
Brush Manufacture Sacramento St
t: WONG WOO,
fefTY CHINESE TEA AND HERB
U£ 7 SANITARIUM,
776 CLAY ST E»n' rranciseo, 0&_-
W33^ ,■ AU diseases cured eichislve-
...:- ly 'by Chinesa! herbs."- over" 8000
FRER.: Hour 8 . ct t i o eB n^. in m ..Tt d o- 3^'^BETWEEN CZAR
AND EMPEROR
Russia and China Make a
Little Exchange of
Courtesies.
Of Course the Grabbing of Ter
ritory by Invaders Is the
Subject of Congratulation.
And the New Treaty of Alll«i;ce With
the WT.il© Boar Also Pleases
the Celestial Ruler.
Special Dlsratch to The Call.
ST. PETERSBURG, April 9.— Theoffl
cial messenger says the following tele
gram v s sent by Count Muravieff, the
Rupsian Minister for Foreign Affairs,
on March 15, to M. Pavloff, the Russian
Charge d'Affaires at Peking:
"Hy imperial command you are
charged to convey the following greet
ing to the Emperor of China: 'It was
with pleasure that we learned of the
wise decision of your Majesty in order
ing the Tsung Li Yamen (Chinese
Foreign Off.cc) to sign the agreement
for the cession to Russia for her use of
Port Arthur and Talien Wan. and also
the railroad concession connecting Port
Arthur with the Siberian main line. To
this agreement we attach great his
torical siT.incanee, for it will doubtless
porve to strengthen still more the ties
of friendship which have ever existed
between our powerful neighboring em
pires and which so clearly correspond
in the interests of the states. With our
whole heart we greet your Majesty and
wish y"U a prosperous reign.' "
M. Pavlofl "n April 5 f=ent the fol
lowing dispatch to Count Muravleff:
"In solemn audience to-day I was
permitted, in distinction of all other
audiences, to ascend the steps of the
throne to hand your telegTam with my
own hand to the Kmperor. The Em
peror, in receiving: it, arose from the
throne, read its contents aloud and
made a speech, in which he said:
" 'We are .all extraordinarily erateful
for the friendly telegram of his Ma
jesty. The cordial friendship which
has existed for < r 200 years letween
our own states, and which was lately
once more affirmed by a treaty of al
liance, will now be still further
strengthened. The sincere friendship
and community of interests between
the two states will conduce to the
prosperity <>f these two nations. I re
quest you to communicate these words
by tel^craph to his Imperial Majesty,
together with my hearty greeting.' "
SHOUT THOUSANDS
IN COUNTY FUNDS
The Treasurer of Tuolumne
Misappropriates Coin in
His Keeping.
Exposure Causes a Run on the Bank
of Commerce Agency for
» Tim«.
Pispatch to The Call.
SONORA. April 9.— Thomas W. "Wells,
nty Treasurer and manager of the
Bonora agency of the Bank of Commerce,
is short $19,000 in his accounts as treas
urer. He has secured the bank, turning
over all of his private property and se
curities. There was a run on the Bank
of Commerce this morning, but depositors
soon quieted down when it became known
there was plenty of money on hand to
cash every check presented. Many who
at the start clamored wildly for their
deposits this afternoon redeposited their
funds.
Many business men and local capital
ists came to the relief of the bank. Con
fidence is now ful!y restored.
Treasurer Wells has borne an enviable
reputation for honesty. He was temper
ate, and never gambled or dissipated in
any manner. It is confidently expected
the securities will cover the deficiency
when realized upon.
Henry F. Emrrir. who, until two months
acm, was president of the Bank of Com
mcrrp. said last night:
"This is a great surprise to me, for
none of Wells' friends here has received
any intim.-uinn that he was in trouble.
I cannot imagine how he could get away
with that amount of money, for he is a
man of exemplary habits and a shrewd
business man.
"He has property in Sonora and else
where that is worth I should say* $50,000
or $60,000, and I am sure he will make
good any shortage there may be.
"As for the bank, it will not be affect
ed in the least. W. C. Murdoch, the cash
ier, is now in Sonora and will protect its
interests. I have known Wells for a
long time and regarded him as one of the
most trustworthy men I know. We are
interested in the Bell mine in Tuolumne
County, but he has not sunk any money
in that."
Death Strikes in Napa.
NAPA, April 9.— Mrs. Sarah A. Mero
died here to-day, after an illness of nine
days, of pneumonia. She was an old
resident of Napa. She was born on
August 8, IS2O, in Shcnandoah County,
Virginia, and came to California in 1862.
General Chalmers Dead.
MEMPHIS, April 10,-General James R.
Chalmers, soldier, statesman and scholar,
died hero this morning, aged 68. He was
a brigadier-general in the Confederate
army.
ADVERTISEMENTS. -";..-• '.:-•
809 Market Street, corner Fourth
SECOND FLOOR FLOOD BUILDING, RECEPTION ROOM-NO. 7.
Consultation— FREE.
\ *V<V(\,U 0l / UIQ Dol/' Our Specialty Crown and Bridie Work
V <CVf n A/ J*ofj»» «nd Painless txtraction. .
x«r N. a /V# *//% = The cl i? ie is ' lw »7 § » he » d I" **▼»»••« Dental
*cv v"\ y&^f&BS&K ' LX Scicncs. N» stadents employe*.
VC 5 1k:;\ ___— — - >B6 for the next 30 flays, our' prtces will be-
V -rVlff >,>', 'Wl^^' ▼ FULL SET OF TEETH f0r........" 1460 UD
2 -|££ s/fv%yMr • ' <. "OLD CROWNS, 22k .::: 7* SO OB
_— }%o%feiffla~>» ■ BRIDGE WORK, per t00th. ..... ........ 3 60 up
_Jk*M^r\r\ H^-'^^VizTFi-J TMi« SILVER FILLING >.. ;.; 25c up
-Wf: DO jt - ' M'>C AfcWl HIS -^N^StH:::::::::::::::::::-:".!^
■fflv.'y*^- "^^* CLEANING TEETH 80c up
F ° VP J^' W 9M 1 A Physician Always in Attendance,
/Wf \ I r , a , C n ed SKILLED OPERATORS.
TEETH iM M CROWNED LADY ATTENDANT.
ill. nii^ , BrldzewoA PHONE DAVIS 654. "
WITHOUT ;PAXK.V~-:.'. }$*■?■ f?.~ ■ DR. T. E. STRONG. ?V
Office Houra-9 a. m. to 10 p. m.: Sundays » to 2 p. m. •■ ' • ,
FRANK BELEW TO
YIELD HIS LIFE
ON THE GALLOWS
Judge Buckles Finds Nothing to
Warrant Mercy in Dealing
With the Murderer.
SUISUN, April 9.— The taking of testimony in the case of Frank
Belew, the murderer of his brother and sister at Dixon, was resumed
this morning. The defense called T. L. Vinton, William McGregor, W.
Johnson and Andrew Rapp, residents of Cherokee, Butte County, all
of whom knew Belew when he was a young man, and testified that
they considered him insane at various times. Belew's att aeys adml -
ted that the defendant was guilty of murder in the first degree, but
argued for life imprisonment, stating that the testimony they had In
troduced showed that Belew was a very weak-minded man and at
times had shown signs of insanity. District Attorney Devlin did not
argue the case.
In the afternoon the court gave its decision. The courtroom was
crowded. Judge Buckles addressed the defendant at length. He said
he had gone as carefully into the evidence as it was possible to do, and
both the question as to character and that of weakness of mind had
been duly considered. Referring to the evidence aa to Belew's in
sanity, Judge Buckles said that most people could look back into their
own history and possibly recount some Incident In their neighbors'
lives, some eccentric things: but they have grown to manhood with no
suspicion of insanity, and that led him to think that the suggestion of
an unsound mind came only e'ter such a heinous crime was commit
ted. In fact, any man who would commit such a crime might be said
to be unbalanced. There certainly was a distinction between men
who committed crimes and men who did not.
"It may be," said the court, "that there is a sort of passion that is
irresistible that leads them on to crime, but the law can take no cog
nizance of that unless there is an absolute reduction of the faculties of
the mind. It did not seem from the testimony that anything had been
shown indicating such an unbalancing of mind as would relieve the de
fendant."
Judge Buckles concluded as follows:
"Theie are no mitigating circumstances or anything In my Judg
ment that would warrant a jury in determining that Belew's punish
ment should be imprisonment for life. My decision, therefore, is that
in this case there are no mitigating circumstances or facts or any
thing whatever which can relieve the defendant from the extreme
penalty of the law for such cases. The defendant will appear in this
court on Tuesday, April 12, at 10 a. m., to receive his sentence and to
have the day fixed for carrying the sentence into execution."
Attorney Clark excepted to the decision on the ground that it was not
warranted in law by the facts and circumstances.
Belew presented a most dejected appearance, and when taken back
to his cell looked like a man who had lost all hope.
TO COMMENCE
A NEW TRIAL
Court-Martial Will Begin
Fresh Proceedings
Against Zola.
French Army Officers Refuse to
Be- Bluffed by the Novelist
and Friends.
The Government Will Not Allow a
Renewal 61 the Scandalous Scenes
of the First Trial.
Copyrighted. 1898. by James Gordon Bennett.
PARIS, April 9.— The court-martial |
which met in consequence of the judg
ment of the high court of appeal to
consider whether It would in its own
name Institute fresh proceedings
against M. Zola has decided in the af- !
firmative, and has also passed a reso- j
lution asking that an application be
made to the grand chancellor of the |
Legion of Honor to have the na- i of j
Zola struck off the list of officers in the i
Legion.
This decision was only taken after a j
long consultation with closed doors I
and after a warm debate. I under
stand from a reliable source that the
argument which prevailed among the
officers of the court-martial was the
maladroit and Impudent attitude of
Zola and his friends when the decision
of the court of appeals was made
known. They asserted that the court
did not dare to reopen a cause of so \
scandalous a nature to a fresh trial, j
wherein no one would be spared. The ;
court-martial would not appear to
shrink before such menaces or tr dis
avow even in appearance the action of ■
General Billot, Minister for War, who !
instituted the proceedings on his own !
initiative.
Zola's freinds and Zola himself, in an j
interview yesterday, expressed satis
faction at the prospect of a new trial, j
but I have good reason for believing ;
they are mistaken as to the prospect
of fresh scandals. The Government
has fully decided not to allow the scan- j
dalous scenes and disturbances that
accompanied the first trial to be re
newed. I give you the opinion of a |
member of the ixovernment who said j
to me: "The Zola trial is a chose
jugee. Remember, in France the same
things are not done twice."
BREAKS MANY RECORDS.
Fast Time Made by Sanger and
Swansbrough on a Tandem.
DENVER, April 9.— W. F. Sanger and
E. W. S-nnnbrough broke the world's un
paced tandem records from four to ten
miles, inclusive, this morning on the new
board track. The new marks are: Four
miles, 8:17; five miles, 10:25; six miles,
12:SS; seven miles. 14:48M>; eight miles,
16:59*; nine miles, 19:12%; ten miles, 21:18%;
The riders now hold all records from four
miles to the hour, inclusive.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 10, 1898.
BIG SMELTERS
NOW SILENT
Shutdown of the Moun
tain Copper Company's
Plant.
Crushing of Or© Will Be
Resumed at the End of
Thirty Days.
Condensers to Be Put in to Prevent
the Poisoning of Timber Around
Keswick.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
REDDING, April 9.— The smelters of
the Mountain Copper Company at Kes
wick, six miles from this city, will be
closed to-morrow for a period of thirty
days. It is announced that the cause
of the shutdown is a shortage in cal
cined ore. Operations at the mine and
at the roasting plants will be continued
as usual. In the meantime needed re
pairs and improvements will be made.
A rumor is in circulation that the
shutdown is for the purpose of cutting
in appliances with which to condense
the poisonous fumes and gases which
ha\ c destroyed vegetation for miles be
yond the great plant. A few weeks ago
a special agent of the Government
made an exhaustive examination into
the damage done to standing timber
and vegetable life in general, and it is
understood that his report was unfavor
able to the company. According to ru
mor it is surmised that the Govern
ment has taken action compelling the
company to put in condensers, and that
the shutdown is the result.
The closing of the smelters will have
no effect at Iron Mountain, for the
mine is behind in the ore supply, not
that ore is not there, but because the
mines cannot get out enough, nor the
company's railroad haul it. Over 600
tons of ore is the daily output of the
mine.
It Is said that during the shutdown
the company will make arrangements
for procuring a permanent summer
supply of water. The rainless winter
has left the creeks perfectly dry, when
in ordinary seasons a good head of
w r ater would be flowing until late in
summer.
MAHMOUD PASHA'S ARMY
IN DISORDERED FLIGHT.
Bodies of Two Thourand Dervishes
Counted on Friday's
Battlefield.
CAIRO, April 9.— The Anglo-Kgyptlan
force surrounded Atbara last evening
and the wounded were all placed In hos
pitals under the tents. All the troops
will return to their quarters in the night.
The forces of Mahmoud Pasha are com
pletely broken up I art of them are flee
ing toward Atbara and others in the di
rection of the Nile. The thickness of the
brush rendered pursuit of them by the
Egyptian cavalry uitfieult.
The bodies of 2000 Dervishes, including
those of twelve important Emirs, have
been counted. Notable among the num
ber of Emirs who were slain is Wad
Blsiara, formerly Emir of Dongola.
It is believed that 1000 other members of
Mahmoud's army are killed. Ten guns
and a quantity of rifles were captured.
u .ahmoud says his army consisted of 12 -
O.j infantry and 4000 cavalry.
CROP PROSPECTS IN
SANTA CLARA VALLEY.
Outlook Shown to Be Much Better
Than Was Anticipated Early
in the Season.
9AN JOSE, April n.— Reports made by
members at a meeting of the San Jose
Grange show that there will be a good
yield of fruit In Santa Clara County this
season. It was the consensus of opinion
that the outlook was uch better than
had been anticipated. There will be a full
crop of prunes, a light crop of peaches
a fair crop of cherries and in ..ie foothills
a good crop of apricots. If the second
blossoms now upon the apricot trees of
the valley set, as it Is expected they will
there will be a fair crop of that fruit in
the valley. Hay and grain are sadly in
need of rain, but should there be a good
downpour during the present monui these
crops will be very fair.
MOBBED BY
RITUALISTS
Thrilling Climax in the
Crusade of John
Kenzil.
Seizes a Crucifix in St. Cuth
bert's Church as a Protest
Against "Pcpery."
During the Most Painful Scene That
Followed the " Reformer" Was
Roughly Handled.
LONDON, April 9.— The anti-Ritual
ist crusade of John Keniil, the lay
man who on January 15, 1897, caused a
sensation by reading a protest against
the election of Dr. Mengel Creighton as
Bishop of London in succesion to the
Most Rev. Frederick Temple, now
Archbishop of Canterbury, on the
ground of Dr. Creighton's alleged de
sire to "undo the work of the Reforma
tion by introducing the trinkets of
Rome, etc.," has been especially vigor
ous during Holy Week, culminating in
extraordinary scenes in St. Cuthbert's
Church yesterday (Good Friday),
where, as customary during the past
years, the conduct of the service con
sisted in chanting St. John's story of
the Passion on the same lines as the
Oberammergau play, the officiating
clergy taking the roles of Christ, Pilate
and Caiaphas.
One of the principal features Is known
as the "Veneration of the Cross," and
the crucifix was being removed from
the altar to the steps when the clergy,
acolytes and congregation advance
in pairs, prostrate themselves and kiss
the figure of Christ."
At the tail of the procession was Mr.
Kenzil, surrounded by a body of
friends. They advanced to the altar
steps; but. Instead of kneeling, Ken
zil horrified the congregation by sud
denly seizing the crucifix, raising it
aloft and frantically rushing toward
the door, shouting: "In the name of
God I denounce this idolatry and
Popery in the Church of England. May
God help me."
A most painful scene ensued. A
crowd of people surrounded Mr. Ken
zil and struck him and whirled with
him. one man going so far as to thrust
a handkerchief into Mr. Kenzil'smouth
in order to gag him. Finally the con
gregation rescued the crucifix and the
police entered the church and arrested
Mr. Kenzil.
SALVABLE TAKES
THE MONTGOMERY
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MEMPHIS. April 9.— Five thousand
people witnessed the opening of the new
Memphis Jockey Club spring meeting to
day and, were treated to some good
sport. Weather cloudy, with light rain;
track fast.
Inaugural stakes, six furlongrs. Time
maker won, Boanerges second. Lady
Irene third. Time. 1:15%.
Maiden colts and geldings, two-year
olds, four furlongs, Cathedral won,
Parker Bruce second, Leo Planter third.
Time, :50.
Six furlongs, Chang won, Henrica sec
ond, Sedan third. Time, 1:16%.
One and a sixteenth miles, the Mont
gomery handicap, value $1670 to winner,
Salvable, 108 (W. Martin), 5 to 2, won;
Ornament, 127 (Simms), 7 to 10, second;
Judge Steadman, 94 (C. Clay). 100 to 1,
third. Time, l:50&. Buckvidere, Linda
and Paul Kauvar also ran.
Four furlongs, Diser won, Clara Fields
second. Our Nellie third. Time, :51.
One mile, selling, Argonaut won, Celtic
Bard second, Tole Simmons third. Time,
CINCINNATI, April 9. -This was the
opening day of the Queen City Jockey
Club at Newport, Ky., and a crowd of
over 6000 people turned out to see the
sport. The track conditions could not
have been improve* upon. Horsemen
from all parts of Kentucky came to see
the much-talked-of Blue Eyes colt Great
Land race for the Hrst time, and they had
the satisfaction of seeing the youngster ;
earn brackets in his first race. Great
Land beat Kentucky Colonel in a pretty
contest. He is said to be the best two
year-old in Kentucky this year.
Six furlongs. Imp won, Lufra second
Box third. Time, 1:15.
Four furlongs, Nancy Zeitz won. Pansy
H second, Terrane third. Time, :50*4.
One mile, Pacemaker won, The Monon
second, Flop third. Time, 1:44*4.
Four and a half furlong-s, Great Land
won, Kentucky Colonel second, L. Pil
pot Jr. third. Time, -.bVi.
Seven furlongs, selling. Parson won
Swordsman second, Stanza third. Time
1:30.
Seven furlongs, Maggie S won. Black
ing Brush second, Bromo third. Time
1:29^.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
s- — "\^J but the balloonist is at
the mercy of totally
ascertain elements. No track, no course,
BO rudder, no certainty that any breeze may
not bring destruction.
So with the sick man. His disordered
constitution renders every natural operation
uncertain. No organ can be depended on
to do its n mal work. The stomach will
not digest food; the liver will not filter bil-
ious poisons from the blood; the kidneys
and skin will not excrete the waste. No
regular nourishing or purifying process is
going on. There is no certainty except the
certainty of suffering.
In all dyspeptic, bilious, debilitated con-
ditions, what is needed is to change the ab-
normal, erratic operations of the system
into a natural, regular, straightforward pro-
gress in the right direction. Nothing in the
world will do this so rapidly and certainly
as Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discovery.
It directly regulates the vitalizing func-
tions. It sets the stomach and liver into
natural, heajthy operation and give? the
blood-making glands power to manufacture
an abundance of pure, rich blood.
It creates appetite; builds up muscular
strength, and banishes nervousness and
neuralgia. As it can be assimilated by the
weakest stomach, its nourishing properties
are far superior to nauseating cod liver oil
in severe coughs and all wasting diseases.
The druggist who recommends something
else as "just as good " is thinking more of
his extra profit on the "just as good " kind
than of your welfare.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A RECORD-BREAKING
OPPORTUNITY!
The failure of the two great Clothing firms in the East two weeks ago gave
us the privilege of bidding on the stocks at the auction. The goods of the Empire
Clothing-Manufacturing Company, makers of Men's 1 and Youths' Finest Clothing,
as well as the entire output of Hall, Clinton & Co., makers of Children's Fine-
Grade Clothing, were secured by us and are now in our mammoth store, marked
and assorted all in readiness for the great sale to-morrow and each day succeeding
until every garment is sold. Prices are low enough on regular merchandise, but
such prices as are marked upon these goods are beyond your expectation. Nota-
bly amongst the immense purchase are kinds of Clothing seldom seen in ready-
made goods. You'll find
A WELL OF ASSORTMENTS !
A FOUNTAIN OF NOVELTIES
A MINE OF VALUES I
You'll find piles and piles of finest, newest creations. You'll find the
counters and shelves actually groaning with burdens of New York's and Chicago's
most extensive manufacturers' high-toned garments, marked at tempting prices
to make you their owner. ,
$CTA AAA worth of clothing rbrt'p^ •.■/\/\/\
$50,000 MUST BE SOLD $25,000
C/VS} \J\J\J for cP^u^Uvv
Men's Finest Cheviot Cassi- Men's Cheviot Suits, exquis-
meres and Tweed Business and itely tailored, including every
Dress Suits, cut in height of first-class material known in
fashion — _ y^ mercantile business — rf>^v /%>
Wholesale Price.. $10.00 U? A. QK Wholesale Price. .$20.00 ffQ Qk
. Our Price....'. <jTTe2/C/ • Our Price qs£/«C/C?
Men's Strictly All-Wool Busi- 500 pairs Trousers, mostly ■
ness and Dress Suits, made up imported goods, Hair-line Wor-
m fashion of splendid imported steds and dark Cheviots ; neat,
fabrics— A% /T% i*\ nobby and natty, all of them — /hA m
Wholesale Price. .$12.00 tffx VK Wholesale Price. . .$5.00 fE^J A|K
Our . Price...... ; %\)\J.LAtJ . Our Price. ...... .\ ... CJj^.TicJ
Men's Genuine English Co- . 500 pairs Trousers, black
vert Cloth Top Coats, made of and dark striped, splendid wear-
best material and all grand gar- ing Cheviot's and Tweeds— A . _
ments — -■■■',■ n ; ThA IK Wholesale Price... $4.00 %24 Qk
Wholesale Price. .$l5 00 CQ Ak ■ Our Price. . . ... . ... . . CDJLs'c}
Our Price ........ CPU»"TC/ • ■.. -■•,.■■•..■
— — —— .. , - ■ — r 500 pairs Dark Patterns Men's
• Men s and Young Men s Covert Cheviot and Tweed Trousers, ele-
Cloth Top Coats stylishly made — r% Q** gant and durab , e _ _
WholesalePr.ee..... sl2.so Wholesale Price...., 52.50 <|»1 Q^
Our Price. , <pv.uty Our Price. .............. <pl.Ot;
. Children's Suits, made in Reefer v /m ... , 0., r l- li
style, very desirable kinds, •■ made, + hlldren , s ouits, very fasmonab c
style, very desirable kinds, nicely made, . , .■ j.-..-
* 4+ 14— styles, nicely trimmed and including
ages 4to — Price. $2.00 r\ ** Chevi ° t / S 1 - We ds jo- m *?^ (J» 1A C
\a/l i i d- irnnn lIUa Cheviots, I weeds and Oassimeres — *
Wholesale Price $2.00 vl^fJ Wholesale Price. $3.00 O^*l Ah
Our Price VW -^ $1.45
■ • Our Price v/ ju# xv
Children's Wash Suits, two colors, ~ ■ ■ ■•• ■ " ': ;." ~~~~~~~ :
made of excellent material and will Youths ' Suits, ages 14 to 19 s e "
stand washing everyday in the week— -. ' w cial patterns picked from over 200
Wholesale Price ........ $l.OO AHO I and best of their kind— , /feO AX
Our Price.,............!.,. ' Wholesale Price. ... $7.00 J^V (jK
— — : — • Our Price. . . . ... . . ....... f^U.VU
Boys' Knee Pants, 250 to select • — — — — ■ ■ ~ — ~ r :: — ■
from- • 1 K/> Youths' Suits, ages 14 to 19,
Worth ......25c pair *V V splendid Cheviot Suits, well mado
— — — — — : — ; :: — — and selected with great care from
Boys' Knee Pants, 500 pairs to select these sale goods — /1\ j /\»-
from— - '; xhP Wholesale Price .-...510.00 UM OR
Worth ..........50ct075c • Our Price. ...... .. qJTWU
.- . _ . . _ ; . __ . . _ _ _ . . . ■ — ■ : — ,
ffyv<Sp'r r * : During this phenomenal Clothing Sale we will put prices upon our Furnishing
SHMpEr Goods and Hats that will give all a chance to outfit themselves at a very
■ nominal cost.
Children's and Boys' Men's Stylish Straw Men's Fine Derbies Men's spring
Straw Hats in new de- Hat 5...... .. iißn and Fedoras, new ' blocks in Fedoras
signs ......... |Cn Worth, $1.00. tOG spring style ... Qr^' and Derbies, latest
Worth 50c. lull — — Worth $1.50. / UUU creations .;■;. ft I l)r
•;. ;■• :,-.:. .;•.. .;/-: -■ Men's Golf Shirts, ; — Worth $2.50. OliZO
Men's French Mad- newest spring pat- Boys' Fine Percale ~~ " — *
ras and Percale Shirts, terns . . . . .'. . . . . QCp Waists, with extra de- ' Boys' Blouse Waist,
beautiful styles ..... C l% ft Worth 75c. J3 U tachable collars. ... AC ft grand selection . . . . Otft
•Worth $1.25. Dub — - ": Worth $1.00. 'fOU Worth 50c. ZOC
■ — — — — — — — ( Men's French Bal- ,\ — ~ ~ ~~7T ~ — - — — — — — — — —
M*en's Balbriggan briggan Underwear, . Men's Genuine Ma- Men's special value v " .:
Shirts and Drawers. Amr n spring weight .... /jCn co Yarn Half . Hose. . m n Handkerchiefs, hem- mr n
Worth double.. Each /Ob Worth 75c. : H"UU:- \; Worth 25c. ' lUll| stitched, good quality. Oil
- ; All our Neckwear left from Easter^lisplay, including Tecks, Four-in- A V~' _
. Hands, Band Bows and other shapes, 2000 to select from, and worth I *^\|
35c each ............;...... :':?r.'". ....... ; . . ... .Sale Price IUU
■: : • ■• •■-•■■• ■• - •• • ■••»■••■ •••'-'- ■-■ -■ . -. ■" <■■■■■
*; " ■ - ' '■ ' ■ ■—■ ■ -■ — _ ■i ■ . ■ -^ ■
THE BALDWIN^
V\HZ^*I"ALVIAYS THE CHEAPEST"
! forTl l ooS a" ::• Clothiers, Hatters and Furnishers, : ;
♦ ♦ Q24 . 530 MARKET STREET.
34
LAST GUN FOR REFORM
ROUSING
RALLY AT
SAN JOSE
Evils of Boss Rule
Made Plain to
Voters.
Rea and His "Cabinet"
Held Up to Public
Scorn.
A Monster Gathering Under
New Charter Club
Auspices.
THE CAMPAIGN CLOSED.
Representative Citizens Point Out
tho Way to End the Reign
of Boodlers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, April 9.— More than 1200
people crowded the tent in which the
final rally of the campaign under the
auspices of the New Charter Club was
held to-night. Sanford E. Smith, the
club's candidate for Mayor, presided.
The speakers referred in plain terms to
the unenviable conditions that exist in
local political affairs, and denounced
"Jim" Rea and "Johnnie" Mackenzie
as being responsible for them. The
audience displayed great enthusiasm
and was very demonstrative at every
hit against the boss and bossism. The
list of vice-presidents ot the meeting
Included the following:
C. M. Wooster, D. W. Ickes, R. M.
Smith, H. D. Tuttle, G. A. Muirson, P.
A. Allen, W. E. Jackson. Mitchell Phil
lips, Guy H. Salisbury. Allen Brant, F. j
C. Ensign, Dr. J. N. Johnston, O. K.
Abies, W. C. Hawley. Homer Prindle, E.
A. Wilcox, R. H. Bailey, K. S. Holwuy,
B. E. Critchlow, K. H. Platte, Cyrus
Jones, J. A. Latta, J. E. Cassett, T.
Brower, C. Y. Anderson, F. J. Boring, S. t
W. Boring, H. W. Bray man, Fred Brown.
Asa Berarow, William Crofoot, G. B. i
Caldwell, 1. B. Charles, C. W. Collins, F.
P. Chandler, 11. A. Collins. S. G. Tomp
klns. E. H. Jlazleton, G. W. Darling. G.
H. Bentley. P. F. Gosbey. W. H. ship
man. W. H. Stacy, E. R. Bogert, A. E.
Berryessa, J. J. Bennetts, H. B. Bailey,
J. A. Hatch, G. Derby, J. H. Eichelber
ger. W. Flndley, F. W. Fellows. F. D.
Fowler, N. S. Gorrells, A. W. Collins, C.
W. Corr. J. F. Lover. F. S. Guthrie, C.
H. Gordon, P. S. Hunt. F. M. Tennv.
Jesse Likens, W. 11. Matthew*, W. H.
Wright. J. A. Fiiirchild, Dr. W. D. Mc-
Dougal, Dr. C. K. 1-K-ming, Dr. Ycargam,
Dr. P. K. Dow. J. H. Patton, T. C. Ed
wards, G. A. Martin. Dr. F. R. Husted,
C E. judd. J. E. Joachim, A. H. Suzzalo.
C. Belloli, F. Beronda, W. K. Lowrie, F.
W. Lewis, C. W. Mead.r, J. A. Belloli,
A. Pefrano, T. Mitchell, w . H. Finch, ii.
M. Hatch, A. Burns, W. H. Brundidfe'e,
F. .M. Eley, 11. N. Conkling. Dr. F. L.
Argall. VY. B. Hayford, C. F. Freitag, H (
G. Squires, W. F. Chipmaji, C. J. Cornell,
C. H. McMeekin, Dr. W. T. McNary, J. ;
W. Put. . rbaugh, H. M. Parker, G. N.
Pruse, K. Hoagers, \\ . E. Stapler, G. A.
Skinner, R. L. tiampson, J. C. Statler, R.
11. Squire, W. F. i r.ornton, Joseph Tay
lor, W. N. Ginty. Rev. H. M. Tenney.
George W. Rider, Dr. J. B. Wright, C. B. !
Bills. E. Coppock, H. L. Miller, Platte ;
Gregory, D. G. Brewer, C. Reynolds, E.
Crew, P. L. Tyhurst, J. F. Valpey, \v. E.
Walker. F. B. Wise, T. Whittaker, F.
Whittaker. J. Green, A. K. Whittnn, A.
J. Butieriield, C. K. Estes, Eli Wright,
J. L. Vanderwereker, Dr. F. K. Ledyard,
Uriah Wood, C. \\ nson, L. J. Chipman,
\\ . ri. Orvis, C. A. Smith. F. ... Burk
holder. S. Klllinfer. C. H. Toy, Dr. S.
Holmes, W. Churchill, J. W. Ganong, J.
L. Jones, G. W. Lowry, M. L.
Mikel. C. W. Ross. F. E. Spitzer,
F. S. Coffin, W. H. Brown, F. L. Brown,
A. Coyl, E. E. Cothran, L. A. Spitzer,
J. C. Hemler, B. H. Gardner, H. \V.
Edwards, Janus Weatherhead, W. H.
Pring, J. B. Chambers, William Gussfelt,
R. Oelatt, C, H. James, C. E. Valpey, A.
H. Jarman. W. Wyman, W. K. Dobson,
J. W. Dickenson, M. V. Edwards, J. A.
Forward, G. \V. Hobson, J. G. Hobson,
A. A. Haehnlen, J. B. Jameson, A. King,
L. W. Krahl, J. Overtoil, J. Schwind. W.
L. Herrick, B. F. Mahler. L. E. Bontz,
John Reynolds, F. T. Barry. A. J. Smead,
W. C. \ inter, C. W. Anderson, F. K.
Barthel, M. Beronda, W. S. Biake, J. F.
Coyle, W. H. Christmas, J. J. Cherrie,
A. Finck, P. Gateley, R. C. Jarsen, R.
J. Maxwell, Peter Metcalf, W. M. Morse.
T. McGuire, E. Gersner, John Is'unan,
Nils Olsen, A. P. Hawsley, W. D. J.
Hambl.y, H. Collier, A. B. Hamilton,
C. J. Rodgers, A. Soto, S. Straus, G. W.
Thompson, T. McJohnson, F. A. White,
G. O. i'oung, William Knapp, A. J. Rhein,
W. Bates, J. Boschken, W. Brook. G. T.
Carroil. J. F. Conkey, J. R. Carroll, R.
Clearwater. J. Desimone, R. M. Conkey,
F. Doeri , T. Dunham, E. L. Lavis, G. T.
Erhart. William Garlick. William Vinter,
William Gilbert. W. H. E. Grier, F. Ger
lack, Paul Haagen, C. A. Heppe, J. E.
Aildicott, I. Isaacson, B. Jennings, A.
Cummer, I*. S. Young, W. H. Leibe, T.
Lord, J. J. Ma-lone. F. P. Childs, J. H.
McGethe, <". C. Coolidge, V. T. Campen,
C. H. Nash, JI. S. Owen, F. R. Cauch,
Nelson, Peterson, W. H. Cruthers, A.
Bweitxer, O. M. Dampier, D. A. Smith, L.
Bonickson, E. f. Sterling. J. L. Stull, O.
O. Felkner, J. Sanders. F. P. Scherrer,
Dr. A. A. Gaston. Joseph Taylor, B. H.
Gardner, <-. M. Hall, J. W. Harrenstein,
A. C. Waggner, "W . L. Hoag, Dr. Stephen
Holmes, J. E. Howie, T. C. Isum, C. L.
Argues, W. N. Avery, A. Beermaker, B.
H. Keene, D. G. Brewer, W. H. Lath
wt-sen, W. G. Cooper. R. B. Cutler, D. \V.
Miller, W. N. Day, J. H. Dopperman,
John Moe. Harlow McDade. J. H. Elwood,
G. H. McDonald. H. D. Matthews, G. W.
Gore, David Parker, H. W. Hansen,
A- Holloway, J. Jasperson, G. W. Ray
burn. C. A. Bothwcll, E. C. Rodwick,
Archie McDonald, J. D. Knoche, J. W.
Bharrett. N. Klein, Dave Steel, W. H.
Mantz, W. P. Mioevich. C. A. Main, A.
Normanrtin. Henry Venable, M. D. Phelps
E. P. Main, M. Presho, F. A. Woods, J.
Kougon, W. G. Rider. J. D. Shafter, H.
F. Coopers, L. R. Southern, C. A. Deml
chelll, B. H. Wagner, P. R. Wells, J. K.
Goldback, G. Wilson, H. A. Gabriel, L.
E. Ward, A. L. Verz, J. Hamberger, A.
Hooker, F. Kaillat, J. R. Kocher, Pedro
Lorenzano. Pat H. Durkin. Martin Rheil,
Felix Magini, Jacob Ganzennuler, Pat
Gilern, H. Helwig. J. H. Patterson, H. J.
Kelsey, C. Krouse, A. W. Kennedy, D.
Lazier, B. Levy, W. L. Stephens, A.
Macy, A. F. Merigot, P. Sullivan, F.
Schumacher, E. J. Schottenheimor, C. F.
Willy. V. Tressler, W. Walsh, C. H. Ba
con. J. A. Baslle, G. L. Gastin, Ethan
Allen, C. H. Ames, D. Berrar,
E- B. Bailey, L. Bonetti, M.
Broedel, W. T. Boile, J. B. Carmlchael,
M. M. Bonham, A. E. Clottu, E. H.
Campbell, G. J. Cockburn, J. B. Church,
J. C. Cushman. T. J. Dale, J. S. Dwyer,
E. D. Elmer. W. E. Geach, It D. Green,
A. K. Haehnlen, H. J. Henderson, C. W.
Hoffman, F. H. Horton. J. Jenkins, 8. H.
Knowlos, O. J. Johnson, B. J. Kelley, P.
J. Kelley, G. P. Kelley. C. M. Lea veil. B.
Mlliard. C. E. Mordaunt, F. J. McCarley.
J. W. Norton, J. H. Nikerk. T. O'Brien, 8.
Peters. G. W. Rines, F. B. Ringlet, R.
H. Schwatsz, J. C. Stagg. N. L. Stockton,
E. H. Wade, W. A. Beall. F. J. Downs,
D. M. Burnett, J. W. Drake, W. Epplng,
M. Grinds, T. Heple, W. P. Holmes. K.
Klein, R. 11. Leaman, R. R. May, W. K.
PADRONE REA— "Bada de Job, da Bfzness Rota, da Monka no Good, da Orga de Squeak."
McCarty, F. W. Osterman, Thomas Pil- '
low, B. F. Richards, Ira Stevens. F. H.
Thomas, T. L. Trolie. T. A. Williams. H.
E. Williams, C. D. Weaver, E. C. Hurl
burt. H. T. Besse, J. Coykendall, A. D.
Campbell, B. F. Coppock, H. P. Norton,
W. B. Gracy.
John J. Southeimer, one of the can
didates for the appointing: board, urged
upon his hearers the absolute necessity
of a change in the administration of
the affairs of the city government. He '
declared that if i.. the election of next
Monday the boss and all that he rep- ;
resented were not defeated, the people ;
would not again have a chance to free
the city from its bondage of corruption
and misrule for many years to come.
Judge J. R. Lewis followed. He
epoke in part as follows:
With the exception of the years 1592
and 1593 our city has been in the hands
of the most corrupt political gang that
was ever inflicted upon any city, for the
past ten years. Extravagance, fraud and
corruption have pervaded all the depart
ments of the city government. We have
had "boss rule" of the worst character.
Our taxes have been increased, an dthe
public funds squandered, mir city officers
have been made the subject of barter,
and even our magnificent common school
system has had to pay tribute to a non
resident political "boss," who for years
has fattened upon our city treasury, and
prostituted our city and its officers. No
official, however high, and no employe,
however humble, but has had to con
tribute to his greed and bow to his com
mands. Such a condition of affairs is a
disgrace to our city and an outrage upon
our taxpayers.
Our "boss" has levied tribute upon the
widow's mite, and the orphan's inherit
ance; upon the mechanic's home, and the
laborer's wages; upon the profit of the
merchant and manufacturer, and the
earnings of capital; upon the pews of our
churches, and the furniture of our pri
vate schools; and the grave question now
presented to our people is: Shall this
condition of affairs in our city be perpet
uated, or shall our people, by the election
of honest and competent me.n to fill our
city offices, have an economical and hon
est government, worthy of our city and
its citizens?
There are practically two tickets In the
field, one nominated by the New Charter
Club, composed of 500 of our best citizens,
and the other named by our political
"boss" and his pliant "cabinet" of three.
Never before in the history of San
Jose has so large a convention of citizens
assembled to nominate candidates as that
of the Charter Club, on the evening of
the nomination of its municipal ticket,
and never before was the action of any
convention so earnest, so deliberate and
so unanimous. Every candidate was
nominated by the unanimous vote of over
500 members of the convention.
The ticket is made up of men of the
highest character and unquestioned integ
rity; of men who have helped to build
up our city and its institutions, and mf-n
who believe that the prosperity of th«
city depends upon the uprooting of this
corrupt political "boss" rule; of men
pledged to no "boss," no individual, no
scheme; men who are resolved to hay«
once more in our fair city a respeetabla
and economical government of the peo
ple, and by and for the whole people— a
government which will fairly put into ope
ration our new charter nnd carry out the
reforms therein provided.
While our leading city papers in thfc
interest of the perpetuation of corrupt
"boss" rule have from day to day made
general charges against the Charter
Club, for the manifest reason that th»
election of Its ticket will prevent their
raids upon the city treasury, they have
in no instance made any charges against
the high standing and integrity of any
of our candidates, nor can they success
fully make such charges.
Our "boss" was not satlfied with our
ticket, and, being schooled by the rail
road men when on the State Railroad
Commission, he knew that if the New
Charter ticket was elected he would have
to "pack his grip" and leave, and he
went to work to concoct a scheme to de
feat our ticket and perpetuate his rule.
He appealed to the Republican party, the
"grand old party which he professes to
love," but it had had enough of him and
would not join his crusade. He appealed
then to the Democratic party, made noble
by its founders. Jefferson and Jackson,
but It would have none of him. He then
appealed to the joint action of both par
ties, but they would rwt aid him. He then
made an appeal to his "cabinet of old,"
men with whom he had worked for years,
to "Paul" and "Johnnie." They respond
ed and were equal to the occasion. He
then fixed up his slate and shrewdly called,
first upon our banks, wherein were some
of his friends, and first proceeded to fix
the appointing board. From one came its
president, from one its president, general
manager and a majority at its board of I
directors and from another its president '
and with this splendid financial backing j
and the support of his newspapers he
proceeded to make up his ticket.
I have no criticism to make upon the
men he has selected to follow him. They
have the right to do so, and many of
them are most excellent gentlemen but '
they are In the minority on his ticket and '
are in very bad company.
San Jose is a beautiful city, but it is
a most expensive luxury to live here un
der our "boss rule.
"But," says the "boss," "we must not
let the world know our condition- it will
damage us; It will give us a bad name
abroad.
In my experience In life I have learned
that It Is always best to let the truth be
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APBIL 10, 18'JS.
known. It has been well said by a dis
tinguished poet that.
He is a freeman whom the truth makes free
Agd all are slaves, beside.
And the great Teacher said, "And ye
shall know the truth, and the truth shall
make you free."
It will not damage our city and her
people to know the truth, and 1 feel as
sured that when they do know the truth
they will rise up in all their manhood
and free themselves from the control of
the corrupt government of political "boss
ism." The truth will make them free.
J. P. Jarman, candidate for Council
man at large, said it was the purposs
of the New Charter Club and its candi
dates to break the shackles that bound
the city to the boss and his band of cor
ruptionists.
"Unless we take heroic measures on
next Monday," he said, "and com
pletely eradicate the cancer of corrup
tion that infects this city, it means
that we will continue to have empty
stores and houses, idle men, low wages,
low rents and high taxation."
He then related a number of his per
sonal experiences while a member of
the Council, in illustration of how Rea
and Mackenzie manipulated that body
against the public's interest. Council
man Nolting was shown to be particu
larly culpable.
J. O. Hayes, one of the most active
members of the Good Government
League of Santa Clara County, made
an effective talk, which was In part as
follows:
The issue in this campaign is not one be
tween individuals, as has been so often
said, but the lines are squarely drawn be
tween the "gang" and "bosses," and
those who are opposed to this method of
conducting political and public affairs.
I cannot believe that the spirit of lib
erty and independence that has always
stirred the American heart to patriotic
deeds is dead in the hearts of those who
are so blessed as to live in this most
favored spot on earth. Here God smiles
upon nature and it comes forth tv rich
fruition, and here the divine in man
should be quickest to respond when de
mand is made upon it. The citizens of
this fair cfty are now called upon to
show whether they are still men whose
hearts are fired by the spirit of the fatn
ers, or whether they are become degen
erate and unworthy sons of the noblest
ancestors that the world has ever be
held.
Are we men who resent the approach
of tyranny and oppression, or are we be
come slaves who hear the crack of the
oppressor's whip and feel its sting and
smart upon our backs, and quail before
him in abject fear and servility?
Where is the man so low "that he is
willing to do homage to the "boss" and
become his obedient subject? Our fathers
fought to free us from the oppression of
a King who claimed to rule by divine
right, and our brothers by adoption have
sought our shores because here the rule
of the individual has given place to the
sovereignty of the peop.o, and the prin
ciples of liberty, justice and right are
the supreme law. Are these days become
so degenerate that you will now give up
your manhood and rights into the hands
of a self-appointed gang of politicians
who claim no other right to govern you
than their own inordinate desire to con
trol your offices, your public treasury and
the education and direction of the lives
of your children? I cu,nw>z and do not
believe that you will.
Even those candidates for office who are
profiting by the support of the "gang"
have enough faith in your manhood to
make them not willing to admit their al
legiance to it, and they are full of protes
tations that they rlo not belong to the
"gang"' and are not controlled by the
"boss." But, my friends, be not deceived
by the protestations of those who would
sell their birthright of liberty and inde
pendence for the pottage of public posi
tion, but meet their assurance by the
statement that the hand may feel like
the hand of Esau, but the voice of the
protestation is the voice of Jacob.
Who called out the People's Municipal
ticket? The gang! What organivd force
is behind it and fighting its battles?
The bosses and the gang! Who are try
ing to terrorize and vilify those who are
opposing it? The bosses and the gang!
Who will claim the victory, if it should
win? The bosses and the gang! Who
will control the policy of your city gov
ernment if these candidates take office?
The bosses and the gang!
Would you turn your faces in the
direction of honest and economical gov
ernment? Would you redeem your
schools from the suspicion that is 'now
breathed against them? Would you pub
lish to the world your freedom and your
manhood? Would you return again to
the rule of the people, by the people and
for the people, and be free from the boss
and the rule of the gang and for the
gang? The opportunity is now given
you by electing the Charter Club ticket
from top to bottom.
At a special meeting of the precinct
committees of the New Charter Club
this afternoon final measures w'tre
adopted for the protection of the purity
of the ballot on Monday. Any infrac
tion of the election laws will be met by
invoking the full power of the court*.
White Gets the Decision.
CHICAGO. April 9.— Tommy White was
given the decision over Henry Lyons, the
colored feather-weight of this city, at
the end of six Mounds to-night
TIME TO END
CORRUPT RULE
San Jose About to Enter
Upon an Era of
Prosperity.
Citizens Thoroughly Aroused
to the Necessity of Oust
ing Rea.
Municipal Garden Will on Monday-
Be Cleansed of Its Obnoxious
Weeds.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, April 9.— ln a final, des
perate effort to injure the cause of
good government ag represented by the
New Charter Club ticket, the morning
organ of the "gang" has raised a howl
that the reputation of San Jose Is
being injured by the facts being made
public of the corruption and extrava
gance that exists in public offices. It
does not deny that such regrettable
conditions exist, nor does it attempt to
deny that they have been produced by
bossism and gang rule for which itself
and "Jim" flea and Johnnie Mackenzie
and others of that ilk are responsible.
Naturally the gangsters, their organ
and their master want all facts of this
kind suppressed.
But the intelligent and progressive
people of San Jose are not to be deceiv
ed at this stage of developments by any
false appeal to their loyally to and
pride in their beautiful city. They
know that the political conditions that
exist are artificial and unnatural; that
rank and poisonous weeds have been
allowed tp grow without restraint in the
garden ot municipal administration;
that good and economical government
has been blighted and progress and
prosperity have been checked by their
failure to prune and uproot where it
would do the most good.
The people of San Jose and every one
who has had the pleasure of viewing
this city and examining its advantages
and attractions know that the natural
conditions are such that San Jose, by
reason of them, is entitled to take a
foremost place among the cities of Cali
fornia. They have suffered in secret
from the corruption and extravagance
of the "gang" as long as they propose
to, and they have now determined to
begin the work of pruning and weeding,
and they are not ashamed to let the
world know -that they have awakened
from their indifference. The actual
conditions that have existed here for
years has been known more or less to
the world at large, despite the con
tinuous efforts of the "gang" to conceal
them, but the people have been diffi
dent in acknowledging them to them
selves. This they have now done, but
at the same time they have determined
to change them, and in the election
that is to be held on Monday they hope
to make a thorough clearing in their
political garden. They thoroughly un
derstand that if the Rea crop of politi
cal weeds is exterminated root and
branch a new growth will start that
will eventually place San Jose where
she rightfully belongs.
The people of San Jose fully realize
that when the cause of good govern
ment wins on next Monday by the elec
tion of the entire New Charter Club
ticket, that important fact will be her
alded throughout the land, even more
conspicuously than anything that has
been published heretofore in connection
with San Jose. They know that the
announcement of the defeat of Boss
Rea will convey to intending Investors
and home-seekers the information that
the reign of corruption and extrava
gance for San Jose Is over; that politi
cal blackmail and high taxation are
things of the past; that the terrors of
the "gang's" boycott will no longer re
strain free speech; that it will be pos
sible to engage in business in San Joee
without paying tribute or doing hom
age to the boss or any of his henchmen.
It Is the knowledge of the existence of
ADVERTISEMENTS. „__— — — — ~* ~~~—
NOT MADE IN A HURRY!
FURNITURE The Reliable Sort We Sell It >
HIGH GRADF SIDEBOARDS-M ad c of
the finest selected oak, highly polished,
handsomely carved, velvet- <j»« i /*r
ISO 00 d.d .™ W . er: . positlvely worth Jl4.de)
Solid oak 8-foot Extension Table, worth
$15 00; sale price $8.00
25 patterns of Extension Tables, some in
8, some in 10, and some 12 feet lengths;
to be closed out at half factory
prices
Solid Oak Cane Seat Dining Chairs, worth
$1 40; for $1.00
Solid Oak Box Seat Dining Chair, with
cane seat; worth $2 23; for $1.50
Oak and Imitation Mahogany Hanging
Hall Mirrors, with bevel French Plate
Glass, 3 double hooks; worth $7 00;
for $4.73
1 lot handsome Parlor Tables. 24-inch top,
twisted leg, with lower shelf in quarter-
sawed oak, mahogany finish and old
English oak; regular price $7 60; sale
price $3.50
Fine 3-piece Parlor Suits, in rich damask
coverings $24.75
Fine Hand-Carved Morris Chairs, in an-
tique oak or Flemish finish, loose, re-
versible cushions, hair filled $10.00
Luxurious Gondola Tufted Couches, our
own reliable make, covered in heavy rich
tapestries or velour $15.00
Carpet Sweeper Bargain.
Genuine Bispel Standard Sweeper, pure
bristle brush, assorted woods, highly
polished, a regular $3 00 sweeper Ci AC
for 41.70
these evils that has retarded the march
of progress in San Jose. With the
knowledge that they are at an end will
come a veritable boom for San Jose
and good times for all.
When there is any particularly mean
job or political chicanery to be done
the man selected by the boss to do it
is Johnnie Mackenzie. In the present
campaign he has made himself particu
larly obnoxious. In one instance at
least that has come to the knowledge
of The Call correspondent that his tor
tuous methods have alienated the votes
of at least a half dozen citizens and
caused these men to become earnest
and indefatigable workers in the cause
of the New Charter Club ticket.
"He told lies of me and mine," said
the gentleman principally concerned in
one of the outrages perpetrated by
Mackenzie, "and as a result my three
sons, two sons-in-law and myself, who
A WHOLE MAN
That is one of the tales that you often hear, but you - very seldom see in real life. A whole
man is one whose strength has not been depleted in any way. How many such men are there
in the whole circle of your acquaintances? You cannot truly say that you are a great, a strong
and a perfect specimen of manhood, now can you ? Those little specks that you see before
your eyes, that weak and "done-up" feeling that you have, that disinclination for work and
those clammy night-sweats that produce a gloomy feeling, all go to show that you are any-
thing but a man full of vim, fire and vigor. You know as well as you can be told what grand
manhood is. It brings that full and entire satisfaction that is joy in itself; it makes life a
pleasure ; it brings that sense of delight which all men have when they have the strength, the
vigor and the vitality of youth. Why is this feeling not yours? It is because you have trans-
gressed some natural law. You have put tasks on your brain that were too heavy for it ; or
perhaps you have tried to do the work of two men and failed. In any event you have abused
some one of the functions 'which were yours to use, not to abuse. You can repair the whole
of the injury you have done your system if you will try in earnest. There is one way in which
you can do this, and one alone. If you do try in a month you will*be a different creature.
Even your most intimate friends will scarcely know you. But you must make a small effort.
"Hudyan," the great specific of the Hudsonian Institute, is the one thing in the whole world that
will restore to you your lost power. It.is the one thing that will make a full-powered man of
you again. It will do it certainly and swiftly. Your system now is suffering from drains that
are wasting your vitality. "Hudyan" will stop all drains in a week.
■..;. There are testimonials at the Institute from 20,000 men who have been cured. If you can call at the
Institute you will be shown what they have to say. If you cannot call, write, and free of all cost copies will at once be
. forwarded you. Circulars will be sent you, too, showing what "Hudyan" can really accomplish. The whole world
uses "Hudyan," and it has been a perfect godsend to hundreds of men who were worse than you are to-day.
. <3> <£<£♦♦♦ ♦<£♦ <^V^ <8> <B><B> <&<& 4> <8> 3> <$>$> 4> $► <$.
♦ WRITE TO-DAY. I
I WASTE NO MORE TIME. 5
■t.r ♦'♦♦,♦ ♦ <8> <S> ♦'♦♦*♦ ♦ '♦> <8> -S> <$> <$> 4><s>Q <$> «. <^ <s> <$> <s> 4>
Think of the grand feeling you will have when you know that you are ready and able to do all that. may
v.q be -required of you in a great and a satisfying way. What is now a task will seem a pleasure when your vitality
is fully restored. But remember that only. from the Hudsonian Specialists can you get "Hudyan."
#<S> <J> <g> <J> 4> <$■ <J> <s> <^ MEDICAL ADVICE <^<g><^'f-<s><S>^><s"<s><s'-S>-3>'«><S><?>
* I MEDIGAL ADViCE FREE. ♦
I CIRCULARS AND TESTIMONIALS FREE. ♦
4> <8> ♦ ♦♦♦<$> ♦♦♦ ♦ ♦ <S> ♦4> <B> > ♦ <^<^ $> <3> ♦♦ ♦ 4> 4> <5> <£ 4> ♦ <3> ♦<!><s>♦ 4> 4> ♦ <S> ,'.
If you do not know what the signs of Blood Poison are you ought to. Little ulcers in the mouth, hair
getting thin and gray too early, teeth becoming loose, and copper-colored spots on the body. These all mdi- ■
I cate some form of blood taint. . The "30-day ; blood cure" is what is needed in all such cases. It makes the
sy&rtem pure. It drives out all the , poisonous matter and it is as ' effectual in , one stage •of the. disease as any . .
other. .The tertiary form is as easily eliminated as the secondary or primary. Circulars and testimonials ; about
the "30-day cure" are as free as "Hudyan" circulars, and you can consult the doctors without any charge on any ;
. disease that you may have. If you can be cured you will be, promptly and surely. 1 If you will take time by '
the forelock and act to-day in a month you will be able to tell your friends what
IS THE STORY of? ...
■■ ■ . : . . • . ■. . i .-.,. i FULL POWER
HUDSON medical INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Streets,
S-AJST FRANCISCO. ; ' V
CARPETS
AND
RUGS
. The biggest, brightest and best
lighted Carpet Department in Son
Francisco — on the north end of the
Second floor — Carpets and Floor Cov-
erings are our strong point; buying
in great lots and our ridiculously low
rent enable us to make prices below
all others.
Roxburys, Stinson's, Smith's and San-
t ford's reliable makes in all the new
shades and colorings; borders for all of
of them; best 10-wire goods 82^c
Tapestry Brussels— Extra quality, wool
surface and fast colorings 45c
Extra Super Ingrain; new designs and
shadings 50c
Wilton Velvets— Smith, Stinson & Sanford,
well-known makes, with or without
borders 90c
China Matting— Fancy checks and stripes;
regular 20c quality lOc
Japanese Linen Warp Matting— Novelty
designs and colorings— our usual 35c
grade 25c
25c Floor Oil Cloth— Oil glazed surface
and thoroughly printed; all widths; per
square yard 20c
KENSINGTON ART SQUARES— (WhoIe
carpets) 21,»:x32 1 ,» : x3 yards, $3 00; 3x3Vz yards,
$4 25; 3x4 yards $4 75
ROYAL SMYRNA RUGS-9x12 ft. 516.00
SMITH'S AXMINSTER RUGS— S\*x
10tt $21.00
2000 SMYRNA RUGS— 3Ox6O inches.. sl.9o
SMITH'S MOQUETTE RUGS— 24xSO
inches $2.30
TAYKO JAPANESE RUGS— 9xI2 feet
$1100
SCOTCH OR ENGLISH LINOLEUM— 2
or 4 yards wide; excellent goods for
wear and very sightly patterns 50c
Printed or Stamped Carpets.
•
Windsor Brussels, printed like calico in
beautiful designs 75c
Cordova Brussels made by the same pro-
cess 6Oc
MAIL ORDERS PROMPTLY FILLED.
You Save Money at
Pattosien's.
live in different parts of the city, and
who would have voted for at least some
of the men on the People's Municipal
ticket, will work until the sun goes
down on April 11 for its defeat."
A number of other cases are known
of men who are close personal friends
of Rea, having expressed their inten
tion of voting for the Charter Club
ticket. The reason they gave was that
they were sick and tired of playing into
the hands of such a man as Mackenzie.
TO LURE DEMOCRATS
TO FAIR SANTA CRUZ.
SANTA CRUZ, April 9.— Those who are
endeavoring to have the next Democratic-
State Convention held in Santa Cruz met
j last evening at the St. George Hotel.
I Charles M. Cassin, a member of the Dem
! ocratic State Central Committee, presid-
ENAMELED BEDS.
Our line of Enamel Beds you will find
to be larger and more complete than
you've seen elsewhere— the quality ana
finish of a higher grade— the prices lower.
We quote a few special prices:
$2.90 for $5 00 and $6 00 Enameled Beds.
$4 00 for $7 00, $8 00 and $9 00 Enameled
Beds.
$7.00 for $10 00, $12 00 and $15 00 Enam-
eled Beds.
$35.00 for 550 00 Brass Beds.
MATTRESSES.
We make them ourselves and guarantee
quality.
Pure Hair Mattresses, 35 pounds weight,
made to your order; choice of best
sateen ticking: in one or two parts;
usually sold for 520 00; complete CIS (1(1
for V»«" ww
Extra quality of long white hair, as
above : 18.00
$6.50 for 5S 25 Centaur Mattresses.
$12.50 for $18 00 Curled Hair Mattresses.
rope "E^t^tHT
POR 3 . m CURTAIN HI
TfCUCC 12 l»cr*» ell
lleKej J 2d Floor *&
You can now gratify your desire for a
handsome portiere and save several dol-
lars on the price. We have a limited
number of handsome styles, 12 to 16 cords,
that will be closed out at almost any
price.
Come and Fee the wonderful ' OJO KQ
value we can give you a.t.......** * Kjyj
f§flfete/0
Ed, and people of all political faiths were
present. Lieutenant-Governor Jeter ad
dressed the gathering.
The following committee was appointed
to work to bring the convention to this
city: J. B. Peakes, Ralph S. Miller,
George Startler Jr.. W. H. Lamb, J. M.
Walsh, Ernest Halliday, M. C. Hop Kins,
W. T. Kearney, Hon. Jt>art Burke, G. A.
Chittenden, E. B. Pixley. J. P. Smith, T.
O. Matthews, Frank Mattison. J. J.
Quill. A. A. Taylor W. E. Peck. M. Besse,
£ E. Lindsay and C. E. Canneld.
State Board of Health.
SACRAMENTO, April 9.— The State
Board of Health met here to-night and
re-elected Dr. Rupgles of Stockton pres
ident. The board decided to telegraph
to Washington a request that Govern
ment Cattle Inspector Steddom, who has
been here for several days, be furnished
with instructions as to how he shall pro
ceed. It is his duty to inspect all cat
tle which it is proposed to ship from this
State into other "States or Territories.AMERICA'S
ATTITUDE
APPROVED
English Opinion Fa
vors Stopping the
War in Cuba.
Firm Stand of the Presi-
dent in Dealing With
Spain Well Liked.
Great Britain Would Aid the
United States if Other Euro
pean Nations Interfered.
IRISHMEN ARE PATRIOTIC.
National League Promptly Put* a
Quietus on Peculiar Comments in
the Freeman's Journal.
Special Dl'spateh to Tta© Call.
LONDON, April 9.— lf anything was
■\ to confl • the European belief
that tbe Cuban crisis had reached an
Impasse, from which there is no issue
but war, or the haulmg 1 down of the !
Spanish fla£, ; has been found in
President McKinley's replr to the Em
bassadoriaJ note, presentee 1 , in Wash- '
Ington on Thursday last, so strikingly
reasserting the determination that
there is only one way to prevent the
United States intervening to end the
Intolerable situation. '- a matter of
fact ,10 confirmation was wanted, for
Europe's real hope of a peaceful solu
tion of the question was based upon the
belief that when they realized the fu
tility of the high-strung talk about
their honor the Spaniards would accept
the alternative or surrende ■ The Em
bassadorial appeal at Washington was
regarded as an obvious formality. The •
British officials' v *w of th" matter is
that the occasion is or- of the sole ex
ercise of American discretion and that
the American attitude towart" Cuba is
the same as any other • ivilized and
self-respecting government would have
under similar circumstances.
Practically the whole of this coun- -
try takes the same view of the case.
<lreat Britain has nothing to thank
Spain for. Whenever commercial ques
tions have been raised Great Britain
has found Spain obstructive, intractable
and arbitrary, as the United States
finds her to-aay, and the modicum of I
sympathy found in some quarters is j
simply a sort of sentimental pity at the
fact that Spain should be depri\ - ed of
her last great colony. One of the few
discordant not »s in the pean of sym- j
pathy with the aims of the United j
States comes from r. quarter it was
least exDeoted from. The Freeman's
Journal, the organ of the Irish Nation
attst leader, John Dillon, a paper
claiming to represent the Irish party, ,
after flat-footedly expressing the hope
that Spain will win in the expected
war, asks "Is there a nation In the
v.-.tM which could brook the Insults
leveled at the Spaniards In the Ameri- j
can press or which would not protest
against the stand-and-dellver policy
adopted?"
In conclusion, the Freeman's Journal
remarks: "In our opinion the United :
States would be better employed help- '
ing Spain to make autonomy a success
nither than in forcing a deplorable
war. The latest advices show the
Americans do not want to deliver Cuba
to the Cubans."
The Irish Independent League has
protested against this pro-Spanish
declaration, and has passed a resolu
tion of sympathy with the United
Btates, repudiating: with scorn and in
dignation the declaration of the Free
man's Journal.
The resolutions adopted by the New
,J""'"k Chamber of Commerce at its re
cent meeting are regarded as highly
Important factors of the situation, and
as giving the approval of business men
to the war policy.
During the course of a conversation, i
a hish official of the British Foreign
Office said: "The certain difficulties)
an.] possible dangers which the United !
Btates is inviting by its attitude, be
sides th«> vast cost and the disquieting
uncertainties <>f war itself, all of which
could be avoided by a policy of indif
ference, shows the single-mindedness
of tho American aims, and constitute
an irresistible claim on the sympa
thies of other nations, for the assured '
losses are not counterbalanced by any i
prospect of gain. The President's pol- '
icy is Btatesmanlike and essentially
humane, and while we may view ap
prehenslvely the ultimat results to
America herself in the necessity for
introducing order in the government of
Cuba, the solution of the insufferable
scandal will n<>t be too dearly pur
chased at the cost of war. The malefi
cent rule of Spain in Cuba has got to
end now, for neither America nor any
one else will trust her promises, so
often broken, especially after the ten
tale correspondence which resulted in
thf recall of Senor Dupuy de Lome.
"Nevertheless," added the foreign
official, "America has taken up an un
enviable task. 2 fter driving out the
Spaniards, she will have to send troops
to crush the Cubans, -who are rebels at
heart, and who will not submit tamely
to any form of Government which will
deprive them of their occupation of
fighting."
There is much interest here in the
privateering aspect of the expected
hostilities, and the experts of the Ala
bamae on l><>th sides will be eagerly
followed. It is hoped that the adven
tur-s resulting will lead the United
States and Spain to sign the declara
tion of Paris. The general impression is
that the prospective combatants, while
issuing letters of marque, will request
neutral goods on their enemy's ships
and goods on board neutral ships.
There is considerable fear that Eu
rope^ supply of wheat and cotton will
be seriously affected In the case of hos
tilities, although it Is believed that un
less the attempted blockades of ports
are absolutely effective, the neutrals
v.-ill not respect them, and it is appre
hended that this aspect of the war will
lead to ticklish international questions
which may involve the combatants In
heated disputes with Europe.
Gladstone Goes for a Walk.
LONDON, April 9,-Mr. Gladstone
1 a good night, got up earlier than
usual and went for a walk during the
afternoon.
Coyote Drive Near Hanford.
ITAN'FORP. April 9.— A big coyote drive
■will he held on Sunday twelve miles south
of here. Several hundred people will at
tend.
Advanced made on furnituro • -d pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-102S Mission.
THE EMPORIUM.
Our Men's $15 *X*
Spring Suits. &
method of -clothing-selling re-
cently inaugurated in this store ?
Have you proved it for yourself
that we are doing the ready-to-
wear clothing business better
than it has yet been done ? We
are making it harder than ever
for "made-to-order" tailors to
beat ready - made — our new
spring suits at $15
A KPJ
are the par-excellence of good
taste and reliability — they are
designed especially to please
young men.
Single or double breasted Sack.
The new three-button Cutaway.
The correct style Prince Albert. •
The fabrics are strictly all-
wool.
Imported Cheviots and Cassimeres.
Imported Worsteds and Clays.
Checks, plaids, stripes, mixtures.
All handsomely tailored — lined
with best double warp Farmer's
Satin — French-faced and piped
with satin — perfect fit G*ttZ
guaranteed and only . . . m^ICJ
A fern of the $6.95 and $8. 95.9 5 .
suits advertised last week on sale
(Monday only at those prices-
Tuesday they go into stock at the
regular figure.
r^rflAtQ Before plac-
y^ai IJCLJ3S ing your
I inolpiams spring order
LlllOieillllS. CO mpare our
goods and prices with the best
offers of other dealers. This
week's special offerings include :
Bigelow Axminster— made, laid
and lined — per yard $1.30
Tapestry Brussels— made, laid
and lined — per yard 60c
Wilton Velvets— made, laid and
lined— per yard 87'^c
Matting for roll of 40 yards-
heavy and durable $5.00
English Linoleum— superior qual-
■ ity — per square yard 40c
Brussels Remnants — from 1 to 10 ■
yards — per yard ......... ............35c
Genuine Turkish Rugs — medium .
sizes $6.99
Dressing Tables, j£.
Book-Cases. jabieT*
within the
f^fevfr reach of every one
f{^**?s\ this week — the ele-
Ir Kant table like pic-
A e^Ld^yfu tu>e— fine mario K"
A\^z^==~Z~yv\ any finish — hand
y> "h carved, with large
/ \ glass — plenty of
jfg s *Ty» r ~~«' u n; drawer room — and
L*J CD ' French legs — re-
(A\ li l) duced * rom $12.00
jj^ — Jv VjJ / ■ • / \J
This 519.00 Combi^-T'on Rook Case
size Desk — good @uS(&4W)
size desk and lots
of book space— fin- "^-— . W\L K.
ish:d in rich red / g»ve^f
mahogany — with ~JL, \
crescent French '''/ "fe=^ 3
beveled mirror — a — U- "Or*
piece of furniture of y/ . <£ .
most pleasing de- ==^=
sign and an orna- #L X^^t
ment to any room — **£- I i
reduced to //, «—
$13.50 lj=d [
GRANT PAROLES
AND PARDONS
The Prison Directors Free
Mrs. Martin at San
Quentin.
John W. Flood's Application
Put Over Without
Action.
Several Convicts Permitted to Leave
the Penitentiary on Gocd
Behavior.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON. April 9.—
The Board of State Prison Directors
met here to-day and with a full board
present accomplished considerable im
portant work. Chairman Robert Fitz
gerald called the meeting to order.
In discussion In regard to the pros
pects for a demand for sacks it was
shown that the demand this year had
been unusually light, only 359,000 sacks
having been ordered up to date, while
at this time a year ago orders for
3,418,000 sacks had been received. The
outlook for a heavy sale was doubtful,
as the crop reports were anything but
encouraging.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 10, 1898.
THE EMPORIUM.
i^ c Em port v m
Tand
M _ — ■ ■ ■ |Bfc^ m EEs^^-
Riif f £»t»«r*l/ r Are universally
DUlieriCK acknowledged to
r> a- . be the best in the
ratterilS world. Great re-
duction in prices
of the new patterns for spring and
summer. Catalogue . and Fashion
Sheets mailed free.
Butterick Pattern Dep't / v--i,
Main Floor— back of rotunda.
The Delineator for May
Now Ready.
This is the Leading Fashion Maga-
zine. Far superior to , all others of
this character in every respect. Sub-
scription price $I— single copy 15c. .
New Things. ,iv?,?^
Men's Wear. partments Is
Men s Wear. the i ar ge
men fur-
nishing goods store — on the main
floor, near the entrance. 7 Men don't
have to pass through tne departments
devoted '0 women's goods 10 reach it.
Everything that is new and in good
taste for men's wear during the com-
in 1 months can be had here at reason-
ab'e prices.
/^ The sale of best
v»<m quality. $1 Colored
VW ( Bosom and Golf
>«C^-<€i3fc-^ Shirts, in spring
fin FMIIIPn st Y les » at 78c. was
L // '1 1 /\ a feature last week.
M' ' «W We ha( ? intende 't0
/ h lllllllliP -I discontinue selling
j / / /them at that price
i-j/ « J on Saturday night,
-71 1 but the demand has
Ifj 1 kept up to such an
Uv]^- — —~"^y extent that we have
7 reconsidered our de-
cision, and will sell them this JQ r
week as long as the lot lasts at ■
NECKWEAR— We show some ex-
clusive designs for early spring in
Puffs, Tecks, Ascots and Four-in-
Hands. The silks are in latest color-
ings and the weaves are the choicest
productions of the looms — Cf| r
swivel and basket effects... ... 3\iL
SPRING GLOVES— You can be
e.onomical without violating the
canons of good taste. Our assort-
ments in sizes and co ors are the
largest in the West. Try a pair of
our $1 Walking Gloves. They are
perfect fitting,, correct in style, and
every pair has the Emporium guaran-
tee. , ■ ■ . - ' .
Grocery ./ a H n er <; s .
Money-savers p° rtan '
'.:," '.. . special
offering for Monday, Tuesday
and Wednesday — For : other
"specials" see daily price card
in grocery show window.
Fancy Shredded Cocoanut—
kind you have always paid 25c Ib.
for — regular price 16c j/\
— for 3 days only per Ib. . li/C
Your money refunded if you are
not satisfied.
EVERYDAY PRICES.
Best California Mild Cream Cheese
— Ib .........15c
Martin's New York Cream Cheese
-ib.:.............. i 7 c
Limburger Cheese — bricks about 2
lbs each 30c
Minced Clams — i-lb cans — 2 for.... 25c
Minced Clams — 2-lb cans ......25c
Maple Sugar Bricks
i2 Ac and 15c each
Fancy Ripe Manzanillo Olives —
quart 20c
Extra Queen Olives — quart .....30c
New Manzanillo Olives — quart 20c
I 10 lbs Small White or Pea Beans... 25c
8 lbs Pink Lima or Red Beans 25c
6 lbs Bayou Beans 25c
I Pearl Dust— the new washing pow-
der i-lb packages — each 11c
Tne best Potatoes by the sack only
p:r cwt $1.35
Emporium Flour — none better — per
sack... $1.20
Good Table Fruit— Peaches, Pears
and Apricots— can....'...... 10c
The following report was rendered by
L. D. Wadham, the expert of the
Board of Prison Directors:
On the Ist day of April I counted the
cash belonging to the general fund, also
the cash belonging to the prisoners, and
I found both amounts correct. I have
checked the quarterly report with the
cashbook, and I am pleased to report that
every dollar collected is properly account
ed for by vouchers on file and cash in the
vault. I have checked all entries from
cashbook and journal to the ledger,
checked out trial balances of the prison
books, also the prison ledgers, and find
everything correct.
Cash In General Fund —
Cash In bank $8,071 «2
Cash In vault 267 27
Total $5,33S 89
C&sh BelonKlnß to Prisoners
rash in bank $3,300 00
Cash in vault 308 03
Total $3,608 03
I have balanced bankbook, and find it
to agree with the amount reported by the
board on hand. The available funds for
the balance of the forty-ninth fiscal year
are as follows:
General appropriation fund $55.037 31
State Prison fund 49,351 4!t
Jute revolving fund 7r> SO
Cash In bank and vault gg r338r 338 89
Total $IJ2.S(>3 tfl
Less March bills 13,(i70 34
Balance ..................; $ 99,133 15
Warden Hale rendered the following
jutemlll reports: •
Comparative output of Jute mills for the
month of March: ■ . ' {
Cuts.
1594, daily average........* » 153.77
1896, dally average ..............129.61
1896. dally average... ........................ .129. 80
1S!)7. daily average...;....... ..... .163.71
ISSS. daily average....'.:. 161.00
Number of grain bags on hand 3,215,000
Number Of grain bags held for
shipment on orders from last
year 135,500
Number sold since January 1,
IS9S 359, 722
Total 495,222
Number shipped, 3,222
Number sold awaiting shlpmsnt 492,000
Number on hand available for sale 2,723.000
Raw jute on hand in warehouses, 9075 bales;
will run mills unUl about May 1, 1899.
THE EMPORIUM.
£ We will place on Special Sale Monday J
£ and Tuesday in the main aisle, near en- {
* trance, 500 full size White Crochet Bed t
J Spreads — extra heavy — pearl hemmed J
J and ready for use — our standard "$l-J.
* spreads—for 80c each. *
x *AAAAAA A 44 A AA A A A*4 A *** A A* AAAA A A A AA* * * *Tx
1898 Wash Fabrics.
The prettiest, brightest, most stylish Weaves and Fabrics
imaginable in the largest assortments ever seen in this city.
Samples freely sent to country patrons. Let these items be the
keynote of our exceedingly moderate prices.
We have just opened 10 cases of the latest novelties in Printed Lappet
Muslins— shadings and styles equal to the most expensive wash fa- \f\ r
brics. Per yard....'....;;........:....:.... «vt
50 pieces Fancy Linens, ft jn stripes, checks and plain colors — 25 different
effects— suitable for dresses or waists — very newest thing in wash goods,
and will outwear any other— material looks like silk (absolutely correct imita-
tions), but lasts longer and will retain its color when washed. Per cf\~
yard ....: ...........;..:..;..... 3vl
We have received a second shipment of those popular 30-inch Japanese
Crepes— our own exclusive styles, in plain colors, stripes and checks. Ojfi^
Per yard • ;....... ...J. XUL
of 1898 Plaids.
1 Plaids are the latest edict of
fashion. Not only the dress
tA Symposium »
of 1898 Plaids.
Plaids are the latest edict of
fashion. Not only the dress
may be of plaid, but the hat,
i^^S , ffi^l \^^^ golf cape, shoe uppers, hosiery,
/Oft* £r»\ skirt, corset, neckwear, hand-
fe^^^^'l^^a\ kerchief, and even the purse,
" ( may also be in exquisitely
«v\ • blended plaids. Here are a few
>^^^^^^^ plaid novelties from various de-
PLAID SASHES AND SCARFS. PLAID SILKS.
. Novelty Plaid Ribbons, fringed for 22-inch Plaid Taffeta, small and
dude hats and neck — also for the large designs, in a very large assort-
waist—in all widths and color- k/\^ ment of color combinations. &\ t\f\
ings. Each $1.75, $1.25, 75cand Per yard Cpl.vif
; 22-inch Fancy Plaid Silks— small,
PLAID HOSIERY. v medium and large handsome designs
Ladies' Fancy Lisle Thread Hose, %U% U exquisite color effects. £i j-q
in handsome Scotch plaid designs- Pervard $1.25 and -PI.vJV
pair ced .. heels .. .*"!!..!?.!! :.. 50c plaid dress goods.
Ladies' Fancy French Lisle Thread 38-inch Fancy Plaid, in 15 choice
Hose-Scotch plaid tops and black effects— all this season s styles ~(\ r
foot combinations -also Rich-lieu -ordinarily worth 15c yard-at
ribbed fancy .Scotch plaids— srl iced 40-inch Ottoman Plaid, with over-
heels, double soles and toss— 7R/> shot silk bar effects— in 12 new de-
worth $1 per pair. Our price.. '.75C signs— the correct plaids for waists
Children's Fine Ribbed Real Maco and skirts-regular '* 1 ' a yard 85c
Cotton Hose, in fancy Roman stripes quallty ••- —
— double knees, heels and toes— sizes • pi am PIRRHMQ
610 84-extM good value at 50c m(\- \.\ :- ri -/UU niDDUna.
p;r pair. Our price............... tUI A large importation of new Weaves
niiinniDieftic in plaids of ex uisite colorings— in
PLAID PARASOLS. . widths for • neck ribbons, scarfs,
Ladies'. India Plaid Silk Parasols, in sashes and hat trimmings,
all the latest effects — a large assort- 200 pieces of Elegant Plaid and
ment of pretty handles to select from Check Ribbons— all silk — a new lot,
— durable paragon frames fiv'j pc from 4 to 5 inches wide. Per 35* r
— each ■•"••"••• ..-ij>^»3J yard 50c and »J3C
Crockery Specials.
&^2j English Mush- Bowls— assortment -^^^S^Y*^
\ Wf of neat designs and colors— the a V /#, V vi ,'jF' Si'^\
\ :| right shape— set of 6. ............ 'tO^ S^f ".*; %£?
J.I German China Fluted Shape Dec- \*-*-^- t^w_.«<^
/;j : : \: orated Dessert Plates— special^rt V
■//: \\ value— set of 6...... •• ./OC
/•■A \\ Imitation Cut Glass Water Bottle—
J,, like picture— height inches— >^X »-/;$L"!?^ <1 % fc .
' of neat designs and colors— the ar- /foysffi -J?i>*\
right shape— set of 6 w!f ' *£?
German China Fluted Shape Dec- s — ,^. l> i.'^
orated Dessert Plates— special 70 \^_ =^>
\ value— set of 6 /OC
A Imitation Cut Glass Water Bottle—
like picture— height 10 inches— of» 3^
dW/M^xh, holds three pints— each........... OVC -y^'sS^X
J@By£™M& Decorated China Olive Dishes— in /irJfffi-^-tS
■ ; A^W^%M««the very latest and daintiest < q I ' t vssT' ~^-vl\
' oSS^BuyliffiS green shaded decoration— each >7C i^%t Bw^ -"wf.
Warden Hale reported that there
were on hand 6500 imperfect bags and
at least three and a half tons of waste.
He was authorized to sell the bags at
a price not less than 4V* cents each,
and the waste for what It would bring.
The Warden estimated that the latter
would bring .00V4 per pound.
The Warden reported three deaths of
convicts since the last meeting of the
board at San Quentln — two by con
sumption and one by hanging. The lat
ter was Benjamin L. Hill, who paid
the penalty for the murder of his wife.
Mary E. Martin, the notorious de
fendant in the case that excited wide
spread interest throughout the State
at the time of her trial r obtaining
money under false pretenses, is dying
in the women's -ward of the peniten
tiary from tumor of the stomach. For
months the woman has b ?n unable to
leave her bed. The Prison Directors
to-day recommended har pardon, to
take effect on the 20th o" the present
month.
Mrs. Martin made the acquaintance
of Miss Leonard of Oakland, who un
fortunately was not strong mentally,
but possessed property of the value of
?14,000. Mrs. Martin made a proposi
tion to Miss Leonard that if she would
transfer the property to her she would
agree to care for Miss Leonard for the
remainder of her life. Miss Leonard's
feelings were played upon and she
finally consented and a contract was
drawn up by Mrs. Martin to that ef
fect. After the property was trans
ferred Mrs. Martin went back on the
agreement, and Miss Leonard was
without means to provide for herself.
Mrs. Martin was found guilty of ob
taining money under false pretenses
and sentenced to ten j r ears' imprison
ment.
Walter R. Lambert, serving five
years for embezzlement, committed in
Alameda County, was paroled. Paroles
were also granted to John McDonal3,
serving seven and a half years for
grand larceny, committed in San Fran
cisco; Albert Coppelman. serving eight
years for burglary, committed in Santa
Cruz, and F. I. Greeley, serving three
THE EMPORIUM.
CALiTORWKS LARGEST-
AM ERICAS GRANDEST
I SHOPPING PLACE^
■ -—
years for grand larceny In Kings
County.
John W. Flood's application for a
recommendation for par;lon has again
been put over, and the fight nia.de by
his friends to secure his release has
probably been lost. Flood was the
cashier of the Donohoe-Kelly Bank in
San Francisco, and was sentenced to
serve seven years for embezzling funds
of the bank. It is said that a strong
battle has been wagel against Flood,
and the action of the -lirevtors t<i-day
is taken as a sign that nis casi will not
again come up for a hearing. A tiumt
fcer of ]r.iole cases weie continiurl un
til tlio r.oxt meeting at San \}ui»ntin in
May.
SACRAMENTO SAFE
FROM INUNDATION
Plans for the Construction of
Weirs Along the River
Approved.
Will Protect the Capkal and.
Claim Lands in tha Yolo
Basin.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. April 9.— At a meeting
of the Auuiting Board of the Commis
sioner of Public Works to-day the plans
and specifications of Engineers Nurse and
Randall for the construction of weirs on
the Yolo side of the Sacramento River
were approved and the advertisements
for bide for construction ordered.
The bunuing of the propoeeu weirs will
result in the absolute safety of the city
of Sacramento from inundation during tne
high water stages of the river. In ad
dition, it will so confine the overflow of
waters into the Yolo basin as to enable
the reclamation of thousands of acres of
THE EMPORIUM.
New Shirt "J^ I**1 **
11/ ■'■'■• ±. c? a. Sterling Sliver and
WaiSt betS Gold Filled.
Smoked or Clear Mother of Pearl
Sets ; crescent shaped ; 6 pieces.
Sterling Silver, 925-1000 fine, flat
or club links. Per set.2sc, 50c, 75c, $1
Rolled Gold Sets, warranted..
«... — ••• 25, 50:, 75c
14-kt. Gold Filled Sets, plain or
dull finish — guaranteed to wear 10
year51.....~.......5i, 51.50, $2 and $2.50
Good Books for
Boys. _^^
500 Books, Yyrf^r^r^*^
Henty, Cooper, _f|PE3IDEs
Reid and other Vwkio //
well - known au- ; \S\A-Vy /
thors of juvenil- w'^^^^^i/
books— good print igR flfi§§sH>w'
— cloth bound — 1 %>^§&r
usually sold for f* '
50c. Special this r | # flXy* '
week only qq_ L • *■* < *• ■<■.
at........ JJt yft *
If by mail allow for postage 12c.
Good Books by e a 0 r k y;
r•; />• 4 Ewing, Meade,
lOr biriS. .Molesworth, Mu-
loch, Yonge, etc. —
publishers' price 75c. Special AT% r
this week only at..... *■&*■'
If by mail allow for postage 13c.
Shakespeare's
Complete Works.
100 copies of Shakespeare's Com-
plete Works, with Memoir, in one
volume, royal octavo — cloth — 988
pages published at 5i. 25. Spe- ff r -
cial this week at... 3DL
If by mail allow for postage 30c.
A List of Thirty
J\ LnL VI items
Little Things. fro f mthe
** notion
counters to be something
in the list that you are in need
— note our prices.
New style Shell Side Combs. ..20c pair
Extra Ladies' Satin Hose Support-
ers 25c
Gairs "Queen" Skirt . Supporters
and Catche5..........'...... 25c
Horn Hair Pins— shell, amb?r,
black.... .....................ioc dozen
Scrip Initials — small, sc; large . ..
'' :.;.....&........ ...:.......... ioc box
Ladies' Shoe Buttons ..5c gross .
Ladies' Curling Irons... 5c and ioc each
Silk Stitched Whalebone Casing— 9
yard5...... .....;......... ..U..... ioc piece
Stockinet Dress 5hie1d5........ .........
ioc, 15c, 20c, 25c pair
" Gum " Cambric Covered Dress
Shields.. ioc, 15c, 20c, 25c pair
The latest, "The On and Off"
Dress Shield .25c pair
Extra quality "Horn '' Dness Bone..
....;..... ioc dozen
Best Aluminum Hold-fast Hair Pins
.:.... ................. „..!.. .:...... 20c dozen .
Large Cube Pins — all 50rt5............
..~SC and ioc each
Miles' Safety Pins — assorted styles..
....:..•.. .....4c paper .
500 yards French Spool Cotton 15c
Kirby's large toxes Hair Pin 5........ ioc
Embroidery Spool Silk— 3 yards.. .. ..
............ „■.....:..... '.....'..1 dozen
Collar Foundations all sizes... 5c each
Kid Curlers— all 5ize?......:.........
...... v ..... 4c, <;c, 6c, 7c and 8: bunch
Best quality Basting Cotton— 500
yara5........ :...... 4c
Darning Cottcn on Spools— all c01-
0r5.......... ...:......;.'..2c spool
"Cabinet" Wire. Hair Pins—
50rted....................... .....5c box
Warren's Feather 80ne...;..... ioc yard
Corset Steels — kid covered ioc pair
Corset Steels— "Ever Ready" sat-
teen c0vered....................... i0c pair
"Kid "-covered Side Steels ioc pair
Boys' Leather Knee Protectors ...... ;
• ..............25c pair
Japanned Hooks and Eves 2c card
Japanned Hooks and Eyes— with
the "hump"..............:.. 4c card
, - .. - .
the best land in the State. Under the
present conditions the water flows into
the Yolo basin when the river has reached
the nine-foot mark. Under the new
scheme, the water will reach the twenty
foot mark at the foot of X street. Sacra
mento, before the overflow at the weirs will
commence. The success of the venture is
clue to the interest taken by the Sacra
mento Chamber of Commerce, together
with the encouragement and financial aid
contributed by L.c fanners of Yolo who
own lands adjacent to the territory to be
benefited by the construction of weirs.
The plans provide for weirs 2000 feet
wide, 13 feet in width, and to cost be
tween $20,000 and $25.u00.
FORTY-TWO KNIFE WOUNDS.
MARYSVILLE, April 9.— Willis Sllsby,
■ ADVERTISEMENTS.
Ibring this p
*3k 'Ac Tup , To our office trjis t
3 «5& \V I a/V£p^ weeK r aod receive §£>
3 for it orje silver g.
53 L^^^V^''^ y-X^^. l£* *V 1-_J JL_^ •
£/n&^\ Full Set of Teeth forJSOOnp gL.
I ' * W x)tl K^j Ko charg-p for Eximcting BP^
I;. ■ - 'A&jBK ''mr '■' - • Teeth when plates are ordered.^ K^*
]^g Open until 10 P. M. Sundays 10 to 2. G. W. KLEISER D.D.S. f^
1 VAN VROOM ELEGTRO-DENTAL PARLORS, &
I 997 MARKET— MARKET AND SIXTH— PHONE JESSIE, I69S. -g^
THE EMPORIUM.
ACAn^ftstn ' Some of our
separate choicest Spring
£• 1 * Novelties in I
Ollli separate silk
ri • A n 1 skirts— the
Skirt Sale. ■£&s£&
skirts that can be produced — are of-
fered at special prices to Easter-week
shoppers. '. r^
>^ All- Silk Black
//j\ Tsffeta Skirt —
1/ \\ superior quality —
I 6 I\\ percaline lined — 4
, j>^/, I\\ ruffles of taffeta
Lv# i\'\ just like picture. A
very special bar-
Sjmßm^ $14.95
(S %£!m3SSF > "Black Siik Taf-
feta Skirt — trim-
med Bayadere effect— with 12 rows
satin-back velvet ribbon — graduate
widths — regularly $18. GtA OK
Special bargain nt m>lt«"3
Black Silk Brocaded Skirt, lined
with — superior quality— regular
price $18. Special price... Cl^ AtZ
Black Silk Brocaded Skirt— good
patterns and good silk— well made and
lined— regular price 57.50. <DC af
Special price- 3>3»"<J
Black Figured Mohair Skirt— lined
and interlined — regular '«»'}"'> c
price $3. Special price......* 3>.£».£3-
Extra Special
Jacket Sale.
All-Wool Tan Kersey and Covert
New Spring Jackets — trimmed with
small tucks— lined with best taffeta
silk— regular price $14. t£t(\ i\f%
Special price this week... *4>I"«UU
Gas Lamps, *SSS
3 dayS, 75C. Wednesday
will be the last three days that
you will be able to buy the Em-
porium Incandescent Gas ~rm
Lamp complete for .... /v3C
(Price after that will be . g^c.)
For those three days only we
shall also sell-
Pearl Glass Chimneys to fit
any incandescent gas lamp m
— each . : . . . 3C
Only two chimneys to a customer.
The Best Mica Chimneys each. ..2sc
Our Reliable Emporium Mantles-
each.......;. 25c
Three new features in eco"
nomical home illuminating that
will interest you—
Feature No. I.
_^*~y^_ The Emporium
O£T J&& Hall and Vestibule
n^^^^f/ Incandescent Gas
Li Lamp, with plain
((Pvfii^ 'or fancy globes,
W complete as per cut,
• ' ; . . ""C upward.
f Feature N0. 2.
The Emporium
Light House Gas
Lamp does away
. with broken " man-
tles and broken
chimneys, gives
three times more light than an ordin-
ary gas burner and consumes half the
gas — worth $2.50. Special e>t «f-
during the week at 371.13 ■
Feature No. 3.
The Emporium Self-Lighting Gas
Lamp is another new feature— very
convenient — lights/ without a match
by elevating a wire pendant —
complete, including putting <hi as
R<rt/rla Everything need-
DiCVCie ed for the equip-
*> < • ment and keeping
OtindrieS. in repair of your
" Iron steed .",—
Here are three special prices, good for
one week only:
The Acetylene Solar Gas Lamp— no
danger, no odor— regular price fii^.OO
special for one week....... m^ — -
The Christy — either lady's
or gent's, 1898 pattern— regular price
$$— special for one week...... CO.OO
The Veeder Cyclometer — regular
price special for one week, yp.
' Giant, Butler or Wire Toe / JtZ c
Clips— per pair. ........: * Jl
■■:_■■-■
aged 60, an inmate of the Yuba County-
Hospital, made a determined effort last
night to commit suicide, stabbing himself
with a pocket-knife forty-two times in
the breast, abdomen and left elbow. The
most dangerous wound is In the breast,
the blade penetratinK the pleural cavity
and lungs. Silsby, who was a black
smith, fell from a hayloft at Smartsville
last fall, sustaining injuries which caused
paralysis of the lower limbs. He told the
other patients in the hospital that he waa
tired of life. He may recover.
Woman Admitted to the Bar.
CARSON, April 9.— Mrs. O. H. Grey,
wife of ex-Secretary of State Grey, was
admitted to practice before the Supreme
Court here to-day. She is the second
woman admitted to the bar in Nevada.
56
SUNDAY . .Vvv i i . i . :\ '»..■.. ..APRIL ios iM
JOHN D SPR ECKELS, PropHetor. : '.
Add««« All CooimunicationB v to *W» Sv^EAXgJ^anage^J
PUBLICATION OFP«CE.V....Ma^ct and Third Sts., S. F
Tc!o4^i«)*« Maim VHL
F.DITORIAL ROO.MS £17 to £21 Stc*cn*on Street
l>e>ft>hoti< Main IS74>
me. «•A^ i kvwisco CALL (DAILY and *5Ui>'DA\T «s
' »«rv*\l by carrier* \n ttjla city and surrounding towns
!• for 15 cent* a *••«*. By moil $6 per year; per month
6G cent*. .V "•'
IH WEEKLY CALL ........One yean by mall. i 1.50
OAKLAND TICK POB Broadway i
JNEW YDRK OFFICE Room ISB.' World CuUdlnA
DIWIU ALLEN, Advertising Rcpp««ntatt>ne,
WASHLNGTWI tIX C.) OFFICE Rlft*«» Houttc ;
C. C. CARLTCKS, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Mnrquctt« nuUiiinc
C, GEORGE KROC.MlSS.Adv«rtl»lni;Repr*»*ntattve»
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery »trv;t. corner Clay,
cp«n until 9:50 o'clocK- 337 riayc* »trv«t. open until
9:30 o'clock 6£l McAllister street, open until P;SO
o"c)ocK> 615 Lari^ln street, open UQtll 0:30 o'clocK> '
?•». Mi»»!on street, open uotll 10 o'clock 2591 Market
itrc*c corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock SS<4- '
AMsslon street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh j
f tr««t, open urjUl 9 o'clock '505 PolK street, open i
until 9:30 o'clock NW. corner Twenty-second ana i
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
A M U SBMIKM
BaltfTriii— -A Gajr IVo^trvr."
CvlumNa — -SJkw Acres- **
OxUfcTcJ*— >XM l^vwmlv." 1
Alc»rsr— '
Morosco's— ■ "V-.i Xsthts in • Barroom. 1 *
uwtt— '^cim \va\\, O'Brien. •
Orrh«uro— Va»u!»?vil!«.
T. M. O. A. U.iU— "Tt»o Passion Pixy" K>-oii>rroTv night.
Tb» Ch«i*c»-Z«M. VMMwrtltak WalUc*, "Un«»xuaU!# Uoa."
Oiynyuß. cenwr KMm BS4 BMf MPMM— >jhk-..i. >v
Sberman * <-\.v>'s Hall— J*aloma Schraium, WeJue»J.-vr »ftcr-
»oou. April Ji
CVctral Par 1 ?- Ka.-««.T\ai:: h>J-vr.
Keensiuoa l*ar*— Baseball to-Jax-
El Ounjv>— ifusle. o»uciajr boaUnc, fl»lilnr.»T*rT Sxiadar.
Oallitvuia .'."cJif.v Oita, Oaklaml— l-vxrs t^ujorroxr.
Opursta*-— Jn»-.«^<!>.l^ Ooaratag l>ari. ,
CVMirslaf— At DH on Cvursaur Park. ,
AUCTION SALSi
By Killi? A Co.-Tu<eeo3o. April li Horse«. a: corner Van Ke«s
iTtauo >m t if.vrx^ stnwts, at ■ o\'iivx.
PASSING Of AN OPPORTUNITY.
THE nearer comes the opening day of the Trans-
Mississippi Exposition the more evident is the
bet that in not having provided for an exhibit
there California has made a mistake. Perhaps it is
even now not too late. Much could be done between
this time and the Ist of June, when the doors are to
open. The exposition at Omaha is to be more ex
tensive than there has been held in this country,
with the single exception of the Columbian affair.
The buildings now approaching completion are large
and artistic and arc to house products of science, art
and industry from all over the world. It is worth re
mark that the affair ;vas originated at a Trans-
Mississippi Congress at which a California^ pre
sided, and that there was present a strong and en
thusiastic California;-. delegation.
In the preliminary work the people of Omaha and
Nebraska have shown remarkable rest and gener
osity, and their spirit has infected all the States with
the exception of the one capable of making the finest
display of any. There are two things to be consid
ered. It is as necessary to have a domestic market as
a foreign one. and visitors from ever)- part of the
country ariS be at Omaha by the thousands during
the six months the exposition is to be under way.
Furthermore; California intends soon to have an ex
position on a magnificent scale. The merest recog
nition of the benefits of reciprocity ought to cause
liberal treatment of Nebraska. The money expended
and the good will shown would bring rich returns.
The managers desire that if nothing more ! -. done
Commissioners be appointed from this State and
private exhibits be forwarded It certainly se-nis
strange thct among the States invited o participate
CaUiomta should be the only one to refuse.
THE JURY-BOX SCANDAL.
jj — I ROM the present outlook it appears improb-
I able that we shan ever discover the parties who
were responsible for putting the three bogus
slips into the jury-box in Judge Hunt's court. The
expert who examined the penmanship of the slips and
compared it with that of the various deputies who
copy the names furnished by the Judges for jurymen
has satisfied himself that none of them wrote the
fraudulent slips. For the present, therefore, the in
vestigation is blocked, and perhaps nothing but a for
tunate accident hardly to be expected will ever af
ford evidence, as to the criminal.
In this situation Judge Hunt proposes a new sys
tem of making up the lists and the establishment of a
check against a repetition of the onense. The plan
is a simple one. As stated by him to a representa
tive of The Call, it consists in a rule requiring that all
names for jurymen be copied by not more than two
deputies, and that each slip shall be signed by the
deputy who copied it. In that way. as the Judge
says, it anything goes wrong it will be easy to trace
the cause of it. There will be a personal'responsi
bility on the part of the deputies signing the slips,
and such responsibility nearly always results in mak
ing careless people careful and scheming people
honest.
We directed attention a few days acre to a plan pro
posed by Mr. Shannahan for accomplishing the same
purpose as that aimed at by Jcdge Hur.t. Which of
the two remedies will Kr>t <nit the need of the occa
sion is for the Judges to decide. The pabiic will be
satisfied with anything which secures honesty in the
future, bat will continue to hope that the court, its
officials and the detective force of the city will not
forget the offense already committed, but keep a
watch for some disclosures that will lead to the ar
rest and conviction of the criminal who. without the
knowledge of the court, the clerk or any of the dep
uties, managed to get at the jury-box and stuff the
lists according to his fancy.
A woman ha* been acquitted of the charge of
bigamy brosght by ■ man who pretended to be her
husband. But if the acquittal mi« jatt. why i« the.
man still out of jail?
There was once written a »entimer:taJ tong abotn
the "Letter That Nerer Came.*" Apparently there
are ether letter* inclined to act in the cam* dilatory
fashion.
The Sjtng tqaadron ha* been for Msrae time ready
to move. It co«ld be wi**»ed. almott, that Tom Re*d
had moire. of the ehaneterictiea.of-ft tiytag «^}tsjulre>s
Spain »cen« to have two ahernattres She can gait
Cuba or fight, or the may fight and qttk Cuba. In
ehher ca»e *he !<?«» the Wand,
"Jim"* Rea his been la an bonfst psf{tl«l gather
Ing: There i* only ono.way.t4 espials tfcfs, H# «»«c«
lure been there la hts capacity &* « WfibU **A«tpi«,
SPANISH RETROGRESSION.
HP" HE reported remarks of the Spanish War Mm-
I ister introduce an opera bouflfe feature as a pre
* lade to the tragedy that is to follow-. He fer
vently wished that Spain had not a warship afloat,'
for then none would have to strike her flag to the
United State?. However, as she has some ships, he
suggests that they be blown up by their crews.
This morbid expression is the outcome ef cen
turies of folly and bad government. Europe to-day is
not the EttrofM of Phillip 11. Kvery advance in edu
cation and every extension ot popular freedom and
human rights thai has taken place in the last three
centuries rotn.ius in some form the sting of Spain's
opposition. She has stood fast by the old order.
Glutted with the spoils of America, her people at
home neglected the preservation of her industries and
her commerce, until, when her American Pactolus
ran dry. they had largely lost the capacity to thrive
by the industrial arts. Her forests had been wasted,
her streams lost their waters, her soils failed in 'fer
tility, and her enterprising tons were driven into
strange countries to seek the larger opportunities of
life which had failed at home.
Centuries of war for revenge, for dynastic ambition,
for the purpose of feeding a foolish military pride,
have left their mark on the Mature and strength of
her people. Neglectful of reinstatement of home in
dustries, wasteful in her financial methods, unwise in
taxation and prodigal in expenditure, she has for
years come to depend on the revenues wrung from
Cuba and the Philippines. With characteristic im
providence she has returned bad govf rnment and op
pression in those islands for the millions they have
yielded to her. Compared with her nile in her colo-
nies, that of Turkey in Egypt was benevolent. Roman
politicians who secured a province might oppress its
people and overtax their substance, but the oppressed
had a hearing before the Senate. Rome produced a
Verres. but raised also a Cicero to pursue him. Spain
has put her colonies under tyrants who added their
own to the exactions of the home Government, but
she has never questioned nor impeached them. In
her colonial possessions her policy left to the people
only the recourse of assassination or revolution.
Timely concessions were refused. A degree of par
ticipation in their affairs that would have confirmed
the loyalty of her colonists was scouted. They must
put their necks under the heel of the Governor-
General she sent and see him absorb their substance.
until, gorged like a condor, he took flight to make
room for another hungry bird of prey.
It is no wonder that such a policy has isolated her
in Europe, where modern progress looks upon her
as an enemy, and has turned against her the hands
of her own sons. Unwise and wasteful in her day of
power and prosperity, when her splendors dazzled
the world, and unable to support adversity with
philosophy and patience, atrursst the bloody and bril
liant background of her high and mighty past is
cast the shadow of her pitiful decay. It is a far cry
from the Cid Campeador to a War Minister who
prefers to blow up her ships rather than face an
enemy and fight.
A MARKET-STREET SEWER.
,*""! N esteemed morning contemporary, which has
\ resisted all our efforts to convince it that it
* is not good business policy to repave Market
street prior to the construction of a main sewer, now
launches the argument that if a new pavement is laid
it will be worn out long beiore the authorities get
around to the adoption of a sewer system. This
may be questioned. But even if admitted it does not
alter the force of the reasons we have given for im
proving Market street according to accepted j
business methods. A bituminous pavement on that
thoroughfare, if laid in defiance of burrowing corpor
ations and sewer builders, will never have a chance
to wear out. It will be destroyed by them long be
fore its time,
• We think in assigning ten years as the life of •
bituminous pavements on business streets our con
temporary rr.akes a careless estimate. The concrete
base practically never wears out. Golden Gate
avcr.r.e was paved in ISSS and has since been sub
jected to the heaviest of traffic. Yet with scarcely
any repairs at all most of the blocks are still in pretty
<:ood order. Xor was the bitumen on this avenue
laid on concrete. The street was paved with mac
adam under an art of the Legislature, and the
bitumen was spread upon the bed of broken rock
prepared for that material. Experts at the time
declared that this foundation would "crawl" and
prove a delusion. Stili after thirteen years of wear
and tear the street is in fairly good order.
The truth of the matter is. if Market street is prop
erly paved and given careful attention afterward the
bitumen ought not to wear out at aIL A proper sys
tem of repairs should keep it in order indefinitely.
Bet no system of repairs can protect a highway from
the digging of the water, gas, telephone and side
sewer vandals. Even if it were possible to build a
main sewer m Market street without tearing it vp —
which is a Chinese dream of most incoherent char
acter — there would be no saving the pavement from
these individuals.
If a sewer is ever built in Market street it ought to
be a ten or twelve foot affair, capabie of carrying off
all the water flowing from the hills on the north and
the fiats on the south. Such a drain should also pro
vide a conduit for pipes and wires and dispose for
ever of the burrowing corporations. Our contempor
ary may think that the construction of an intercept
ing sewer such as this is a holiday affair or that it
would but slightiy disturb the serenity of the bitum
inous pavement for which it is now sighing. Bat
that thought is another Mongolian vision. Nothing
would be left of the street after such a »ewer was
completed.
There is but one businesslike way for improving
Market street, ar.d that i« to build a sewer first and
then put down a permanent paveftent and uk« care
of it afterward.
THE HABIT OF BEING RESIGNED.
H E latcrt murderer, hanged in thU State wat
THE latc»t murderer hanged He t this State wa*
"fully rtiigncd to kit fate." He "expre»ns4 *or,
row for hi« crime " His final at»ur&se< wm
that he. "bore no ill, will toward one" All th«e
fact* were fttcertained from a reporter who wu theft
acd who was kind enough to ntai« record of them,
Come to think about it, ; the murderer before the
late&t er.e* was c ontreiied " by a similar set of em&
tions, and also the e-r.s who pr?f ed^4 hi«. The hat
fdiil4 be followed e'ear ba^V to the : first e\#r ramtnt
ieg th^ San Qusaiin seaf ei4i
, Wheo 6 man f4*»U*#s Wfcsf hti lnt¥}tabl^ "!al« Is to
be h4 fsn't h*ip je*iiag Ff§ignt4 It is » 'pin of p*J
l«f#, Th§ «<if¥#s sji#ai fa bs dii.ua Bf»4 an epsfhjr t«
s«{*s4i«t tk» imfKilais ef *4ffa4 Rn4{effaf. An ; ".'Mk"
Ksngfo? l»* v eaßß^i «i*eid iKi j^ff-.-f^t dees HrK a/fdf4
6« #?ti-»< it». !a vik [seasiis&t t tn<r« mast b« g^
THE &A2T FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APBIL 10, 1898.
uncomfortable qualm, and In the mind the rlsien ef
a dead form bearing the marks ef riolence. 5e ser
row may be put en the programme as a regular thing.
A murderer devoid ef it could hardly contribute to
the smoothness of a first-class execution. And then
not to feel ill will is the proper course. There really
does not appear any good reason why an assassin
should cherish a disregard for society he had out
raged and which is simply meting cut to him the
penalty he deliberately incurred.
These stereotyped accounts of hangings should be
revised. They go into unnecessary detail. Let the
public take for granted the whole scheme of sorrow,
resignation and forgiveness. The story gets as fam
iliar as that of the suicide who performs a "rash"
not "while laboring under a fit of despo.idency," in
variably using "a cheap pattern of bulldog pistol of
38 caliber."
THE ICE-BOUND WHALERS.
NEWS brought from the Arctic by Third Mate
Tilton of the whaling steamer Belvedere 6trik-
Ingb/ confirms the wisdom of the Government
in dispatching a relief expedition as soon as the peril
ous condition of the whaling fleet was made known.
Thanks' to the promptness with which the expedition
was started, there is reason for the hope that it will
reach the whalers in time to save them from the
destitution and starvation that threaten.
Mr. Tilton states that after the fleet had become ice
bound an inventory of the supplies of all the ships
was taken and it was found that by allowing two
scant meals a day to each man the provisions might
be made to last up to July i. Unless relief was ob
tained before that time the result would be another
of those tragedies of the Arctic in which brave men,
exhausted by lack of food and numbed by the fear
ful cold of the imprisoning ice and snow, lie down
amid the frozen wastes to sleep the sleep that knows
no waking.
So certain was the impending danger, so sure the
doom of the crews, that it was determined to risk one
life in the hazardous attempt to force a way across
the desolation of the north to seek relief. Mr. Til
ton volunteered to make the journey and succeeded
in performing the unprecedented feat of crossing
from Point Barrow to civilization in midwinter. He
arrived to find that his venture had been forestalled;
that American humanity had already dispatched re
lief for the fleet. Xone the less, however, does he
deserve praise for his achievement. He performed
a dangerous duty for his fellow-men courageously
and well, and the worth of the fea. is not diminished
by the fact that the relief he sought had been dis
patched long before he arrived to ask it
With the coming of this news The Call finds a new
gratification in the fact that it was the first to direct
attention to the peril of the whaling fleet, and was not
cr.'.y :r.strumental in inducing the Government to
send a relief expedition, but contributed liberally and
largely in the way of supplies to make it a success.
This is clearly a case where needed help was given in
time. Unless some obstacle insuperable by human
energy stops the relieving expedition, the ice-bound
sailors will be saved ere long from the danger that
threatens, and their scant allowance of two poor
meals a day will be changed to the aburdance of
nourishing food needed to support life and strength
in the ordeal of the Arctic winter.
OPEN PORTS IN CHINA.
|~) ALFOUR'S speech in the Comr-.ons on Tues-
Dday night was the funest and clearest utterance
that has yet been given by the British Ministry
on the situation in China and the attitude taken by
Great Britain toward the recent aggressions of Rus
sia. As was to have been expected, Balfour claims a
complete victory for British diplomacy, and after
making every allowance for the inevitable exaggera
tion of a party leader defending party achievements,
it appears he has good reasons for his claim.
According to BaJfour Great Britain has obtained
'from China four important concessions. The Chinese
Government agrees that the vast and populous re
gion of the Yang-tse-Kiar.g shall never be alienated
to a foreign power, that the director of the Chinese
imperial customs shall be an Englishman, that access
to the inland waters of China shall be free on equal
terms to the ships of all nations, and that three new
treat)- ports — Funing, Yochau and Chin Wang — shall
be open to commerce. These concessions, if main
tained with firmness, will constitute an effective bar
rier against excessive Russian domination in China,
and Mr. Balfour justly pronounced them "'a consider
able harvest for two months' negotiations."
AH of these concessions, with the exception of that
granting the control of imperial customs to an Eng
lishman, are of as much value to other nations as to
Great Britain herself. They are certainly of value to the
United States, and particularly so to the Pacific Coast.
They secure to us a freedom of trade with China and
give us a chance to expand our commerce there on
the same terms with other peoples, and how impor
tant that commerce may be is now rapidly becoming
understood throughout the country.
In view of the fact that these concessions have
been obtained avowedly as an offset to Russian move
ments and may be regarded with hostility by that
country, it is interesting to consider the prospects of
their maintenance. It is one thing to gain advan
tages by diplomacy, but quite a different one to up
hold them at the risk and peril of war. Accordingly
the question arises at once: Will Great Britain stand
firm if Russia should continue to advance under a
threat of war and should be joined in the threat by
Germany?
Balfocr did not directly answer that question, but
certain portions of his speech show what the answer
will when the time comes to make it. He stated
that* the Russian Government having refused to ah-"
•tain from taking Port Arthur, Great Britain has de
cided to take the port of Wei-Hai-Wei and fortify it
at I a means cf preventing the Gulf of Pechili from
falling . under the maritime control of "one power."
Here, then, i» an advanced position taken at the otrt- ;
•et, and the significance of it cannot fail to bY under
stood, The British flag once hoUted on strong for
tifications at Wei'Hai-Wci will not ; be hauled down
without battle, )■■...■.■ '_ ; , ': :: ■:"■ v. '■'['__ ;;;..-- V; -
It is to be noted, moreover, that Balfeur does not
expect Great Britain will have to fight alone the war
for free ports In China. He declared an earnest con
vietien that the great commercial showers will Join' la
an alliance to prevent China failing a prey to aa£e*= ;j
elusive influence; cad that by pursuing an unselfish
policy cad opening te jeII what she secures • for. he*? !
self Great ; Britain; would build up both in Europe and
la Amcfi^a & bauy ef intematienal pub! ie ©pin iea thai
would be EiifiWiemiy pswerf ul ta , support her ia the
suF£« &ha has taken, . This view seems te be i&md^
Th* markets e{ Gilaa must be open en equa! terms te
ail. and 63 JeagßS 6«at Britaia stands fer that peUej
aha will net ladi far } friends sa either &id» ef the
pMria,
p B ef ere bsJHg declared in tl.e pe!i?'e captala dais
[ SeFgeaai W«'f esgiu te win a f«|r«t3riaa. * : 1 :
WITH ENTIRE FRANKNESS.
Probablr the editor of the Tracy
Weekly Press meant all right when he
made his tyjw to the public unil.r
something he was pleased to term a
"Valedictory." There is. however, a
difference between a valedictory and a
salutatory; According to my dim recol
lection of Latin, 'vale" means about
the same as farewell, and the connec
tion It sustains with valedictory Is not
difficult to detect.
* •
It is painful to observe that two
women are quarreling over the body
of the late John S. Enos. It appears
that while animated by the spark c/f
life Enos had been married to on« of
them and had loved the other, to the
scandal of the county of Sonoma,
where this sort of business is properly
frowned upon. The body ha« been
consigned to a tomb, but 1b liable to
being snatched out at any moment, an
unpleasant possibility from which
neither litigant can derive much Joy.
I would humbly BUgrgrest a compromise.
Let the coveted remains be cremated
in the presence of witnesses. Then,
with the assistance of a pair of scales,
the ashes may be equally drided.
Thereafter they may, duly urned, be
deck the whatnot in each of the be
reaved households, or, scattered at the
base of a rtoebush. prove efficacious in
enriching the soil or discouraging the
prevalent louse.
• '* •
-I am forced to admit that while the
, HeaJdsburg lady who has written on
j the "Battle-ship Maine" is a patriot
: and fit to be the mother of patriots,
she is the author of the worst verse
, that has come to my notice. I would
; not, however, speak lightly of her ef
fort. The theme is one which touches
us all. It is given to few to write
poetry, and yet the impulse to say
; something has stirred the common
heart, and the inclination to say it in
rhyme simply indicates a desire to
say it in the most striking way. I even
refrain from quoting from the Healds
burg effort, and there is no method by
which I could better express esteem.
I would advise the lady not to try to
manufacture poetry. This is in all
kindness. In seeking revenge for the
wrecking of the Maine and the slaught
er of her men the usages of civilized
warfare do not permit the employment
of anything more deadly than cannon.
Once more a painful rumor reaches
me that two Hearstlings intend slap
ping me the first time the pair have
together the joy of opportunity. With
out any desire to evade hardship. I
would suggest that they change their
minds. I do not think either one of the
pair would make a good angel.
• •
The merit of having descended from
somebody is doubtless great, but it
fails to impress me. The matter of pos
terity is really of more importance. No
. man can with justice be held respon
sible for his great-grandfather, and
there is no reason why he should
cherish a warm regard, or. indeed,
anything but the utmost indifference for
a gentleman, worthy enough erhaps
while living, but uninteresting when re
solved to a handful of dust. Of course
if the old gentleman accomplished
more than to- pave the way for having
a great-grandson, if he writ his name
large on the pages of history, if he
liberated a nation, formulated a benign
law. made a good book or invented a
way of utilizing steam, for the great
grandson to feel a pride, and to be
fired by an ambition to do a thing or
two himself, is natural. But in all
probability the great-grandfather was
an ordinary mortal, who plodded
through life in eager quest for money,
ar.d at last died with a keen sense of
disappointment at not having got more
of it. Whatever he did he never looked
forward to the glad time when a great
grandson of his would be prinking un
der the shadow of family tree, elate
at being alive, conscious that others of
the same name h&d been alive Lefore
him. I observe the formation of a
genealogical society here. To look back
over the path trodden by generations
which. have passed away is interesting.
It is a matter of history concerning the
individual, but I do not see what the
purpose of a society may be. If a man
has a family tree he can trace it out
himself. If he has none and wants one
he can buy it grafted to.fruitfulness by
stolen branches. If he happens to pos
sess one of which he is ashamed, or
concerning which he is doubtful,
he would object to having it peeped at
by the other members of the society.
Perhaps, however, by concerted Inves
tigation the research can- be extended
beyond the usual limit, and the student
of ancestry trace his line' to the monkey,
and even" learn whether that from
which he sprang was of the ar» ?al
variety, delighting to swing by pr hen-
Bile tall from the tropic limb; or the
more sedate sort, who " stayed * below
and garnered the cocoanuts their frolic
some associates - rattled oft In . their
glee, . .
• • •
"Pioneer" requests . that " there be
trade for him a "straightforward, Inde
pendent, manly paper." He thinks he
would like that kind. His letter of ad
monition happened to drift this way in
token cf editorial recognition of my
capacity as a waste-basket. It strikes \
me, however, that a man who writes I
an anonymous letter lacks all the char
acteristics h« prof esses * to : admire;
which is enough comment for ."Pioneer"
and nelly more than he merits.
: . There have been several nenatnaleal
attack* upon local minister* because
they have taJtsn a tcacly ataod en the
Spanish Question, and a*y that under
ciiailnf cireunMtaaee* th« »word
should expal th« Doaa from Cuba, I dc
net see why " mln|eter« ->t...tho"!eoap«l
Bh©ui4 b^ eerapaaaded ; ej milk and
water, er haw it would be possible to
respect them if they war*. Surely a
; preache? ; who at X Hii crisis . would ad
vise ,\. the ! turning ef j the ether ; cheek
wt-uld net be & fft*o<l eitiaei} per & e*fa
a^Tiser, It la true \ that *we hear much
, ef • laa gaap«! ref peace,"; a.Bd , thaugrht
less people have bees le4 \to thick that
na ether ' ia te ' be^feuad \ln : ; liie Biala,
There ; is bb fnethad t&ught by whleh
eaa ef a pacific turn ef mtfid ean'tlh
• Bare lie pailitajy spirit ci the Serip^
. turea a?.a . ti*a happiEess fa \ himseif
• bee&usa:theF b*ee*|he love tiiraugHaut,
, We are taught &b4 believe th^l Qed is
paehakgaabie. Tet \b* ' fM^fea ef
: Israel ;; &&n% • af |^ ;■ the • eea fegi| ? %w&x
;^ -d Up their tr.iHUisa. 'The J#H la a
' it*?, t»f War." as a matte? ef f&et. if
is as aasir &sa as msticioal Id justify
*jf Mjf Wfil »>eiliees« M^i'MftH
By HENRY JAMES.
of groveling humility. It is certainly
far more noble, more in consonance
with decency and in accord with the
courage without which a person or a
nation Is a thing to be despised.
PRINCETON, N. J.. Feb. 28. 1893.
To W, R. Hearst. New York Journal.
New York: I decline to allow my sorrow
for those who died on the Maine to be
perverted to an advertising srhtrac lor
the New York Journal.
GROVER CLEVELAND.
In these few words was Editor Hearst
Informed that the unspeakable effront
ery of making capital out of brave men
dead and eminent men living would be
denied the connivance of an ex-Presi
dent. I honor the citizen who sent the
reply. He might have passed unnoticed
the Insulting message which had asked
him to become party to a fraud, or to
have saved himself from the certainty
of future abuse, permitted the use of
his name on the "committee." But he
took the trouble to answer. The an
swer was deserved, complete, fitting; it
could not have been better. Hearst has
a scheme for erecting a monument to
his own glory. He desires that the
memory of the brand of patriotism he
keeps in stock be perpetuated in stone,
and that the public pay for the stone.
To excite a general interest he has an
nounced the prospective shaft as de
signed to be to the sailors of the Maine;
also that collectors of contributions are
entitled to a rake-off of 10 p*er ccn J To
this palpable pretense, either through
fear or thoughtlessness, some persons
of standing have loaned their names.
Mr. Cleveland had the wisdom to de
cline, being neither foolish nor afraid.
This trick of the Journal's is one of the
lowest it has undertaken in ail its
career of infamy. If that paper is to
it must be regarded
as a type of the greatest evil now
threatening this country- It is more
dangerous than war, more deadly
than pestilence. Before its be
smearing assault no reputation is
safe, «o privacy sacred, no canon in
violate. So open in its lies, so brazen
in its meddling, and the laudation of its
intrinsic foulness; so calm in its as
sumption that the people are unclean
creatures, delighting in the odor of the
sewer or capering joyously on the gar
bage heap, it has already created a
false and damaging impression. As a
matter of fact, the people despise it-
They do not believe a word it says.
They cannot think any cause it advo
cates has in it aught of g d. They
may in instances fear it as a person of
breeding would dread an encounter
with a fish wife. It has brought upon
journalism in general an unmerited
opprobrium. Disgus.ed with its flaunt
ing lies, its stupid fakes, its pretended
interviews, its counterfeit virtue, its
noisome yearning for notoriety, read
ers may sometimes mis* ke it for a
sample of the daily paper. It is a sam
ple of nothing but filth: its methods
vulgar, its ambitions vile. As justly
might the women of the land be judged
by the scarlet outcast unblushing un
der her badge of shame. There is no
hope for the Journal while Hearst lives
and his money lasts. He sinks deeper
into the mire to which instinct has led
him. and wherein it is his happiness to
wallow, spattering any who incau
tiously approach. He has no moral
sense to which appeal : ay be made,
and would spurn the hand extended to
lift him to a decent level. But I can
not believe the Journal ~? to be per
manent. For the nonce it attracts at
tention, but so does any other malign
freak exhibited by a showman com
petent as a "spieler." Mr. Cleveland
did well. He has secured a new hold
upon his friends by adding to the list
of his active enemies this r.-n Hearst,
whose presence in journalism is a re
proach to public sentiment and a dis
grace to others who, in following a
calling which has every right to be
honorable, must in some measure be
regarded as his associates.
be a
A man named Groezinper has been
sitting on the bench of Police Judge
Campbell ■while the latter jurist is
away permitting his intellectual pow
ers to recuperate. It has been said of
Campbell, lightly and Irreverently, that
he is a peach. If this fi<r.re is permis
sible, then the temporary Incumbent
is a whole basket of peaches, with a
pitcher of cream ajid a barrel of sugar
handy. To get to the facts, it may be
said that a number of gotlless but dis
criminating people, recognizing the
value of The Call, have been taking
this paper from the doorsteps of sub
scribers, their unholy act desecrating
the early dawn, but providing them
with the news. Before hearing from
Groezinger I would have called the act
stealing and the actor a thief. This
eminent authority, however, decides
that a newspaper on a subscriber's
doorstep Is not property. It has passed
from the possession of the publisher
and not into the possession of anybody
else. Therefore by the terms of the
Groezinger lack of reason anybody spy
ing It has a right to pick it up, walk
away with it and leave the man who
ADVEKTISEBCENTS. _________
nATKITV Careful cooking explained, recipes
'■\Jri\X\ II . shown and economical methods taught,
nUCCrDTC -worth a quarters schooling at the best
DELIGHTFULLY ggg:^S ST:
■Sf CII17TI'" AT Our fine poods for the table—
JLIIOJnJLJL/ ill Home-made Club Sausare. Home-
'T\T^W/i^T'oriiti * _.«.. tn&de Smoked . Baasankjsj, Hoiae-=aad9 -
DEMONSTRATION SSSe Sausage. Hc^ m .de Hambur-
? »«it^i. Mett^um. Home-made Veal Loai.
DEPARTMFNT Home-made Plain ard Fancy Meats.
*' iil7AriXl!i£<Wl • Sell you any quantity to try.
Bee -what ire. say la r editions of The Call, and tn ocr reralar prl?» -
list, the Home Circle, published each month about other roods to wear, to
•at, to urn, to Mil; for infinia. for children, for gre-«Ti folks, for Klondike—
all at "hard time*" price* at the greatest rnoaey-Barlng »tor« oa the ecatl-
B«nt, If not In th« world.
vI hM 1h i ' Bra BB I^3 "S
. The Li vest and Liveliest Store in the City
.^^B^tt^^A ***** &<**** at Ptteß t* c«*ca»a»»:<» mrr*k<* tar c*sk
VV ■T/ t«^. 44^«fi* tUt iNfs^js S»-»d far it. W* £»a?*»ta*
WPZ/ •«.!*•*«•*» w* Mil. Us*«>atr e*r -=^t^ TW *£**•
*^« »*rtU t»sft**t^ *.JU tX\ ttw F< cni>t cM tk* tin*.
25-27 MARKET STREET, S.F.
must pay for it to kick in Tain- »o thi«
modern Pniomon declared when an of
fender was brought before him, and
the testimony adduced .TbejlMner
had been seen to take the PfJ**',*?"?
crete it, and when arrested it wa*
found under his coat, where he had
been observed to thrust it. Groezinger
gave an Imitation of thinking, and then
promulgated the piece of idiocy I ha^
done him the honor to cite. It is a
peculiar condition of affairs which im
pels one to pine for the return of a
Campbell.
• • •
I am accused of having replied in
258 words to an indictment or ten
words. It is added that the answer as
made up of epithets. There are several
points about this which are incorrect.
In the first place the ten words consti
tuted neither an indictment nor an In
formation. They simply afforded a text
for a dissertation upon a particular
style of ass to which the author of them
clearly belonged, and, far from being
abusive, the .; dissertation contained
nothing more violent than a delicate in
timation tending to gently and con
siderately place the author aforesaid in
his class. Yet I confess his return for
this courtesy gives me a new impres
sion of his intelligence. He can count
correctly the words in forty lines of
type V . •/;.• ?
One who. from some feeling whicli
seems to him to modesty, hides be
hind a fictitious name, cannot reason
ably expect serious notice. Yet I will
do a specimen of this sort the honor
to call attention to an irritating weak
ness of his, manifest in a tendency to
correct the English of others and em
ploy bad English himself. He would
better, with a view of improving hi*
own style, read the -work of Emanuel-
Elzas appearing in this paper, than do
it with the idea that Mr. Elzas needs
to take lessons from him. In the pen
product of the anonymous person in
question there are grievous errors al
ways, so bald and distressing that a
child might perceive them. "I object,"
affirms this authority, "to the 1 word
'subjugate' in the sense of 'subordi
nate.' " Why? A gentleman of literary,
repute, by name Longfellow, onca
translated the "Inferno." and in doing
so made bold to employ the following
expression:
I understood that unto enco a torment
The carnal malefactors were condemned
■Who reason subjugate to appetite.
But it is to be charitably remembered
that Longfellow lacked the advantage
of basking in the peculiar mentality
which essays to shed light upon Elias
and the rest of us and fails through,
having no light to shed. In the same
scathing paragraph of the carper oc
curs the phrase: "It Is only when
such writers • • • • misuses the
Queen's English." To fall into the ex
pressive methods of the unknown I
might add that such writers do not, as
a rule, misuses.
• • •
The courts indicate a desire
to get hold of a lawyer named
Holliday, who, in grasping an
other's money and clinging to the
same, failed to hedge himself about by
processes rendering the operation legaL
For this professional oversight he ia
clearly in need of rebuke. He ought at
least to be brought back and induced
to divide the purse. But the interest
ing point to the public will be that on
his bonds for $2000 are two men who
are not worth any such sum, who are
also on other bonds, and who In eaci
instance could have got there only
through perjury. There was never a
better opportunity for putting a pair
of rogues in jail. Personally I have
not the least idea they will be thus
treated. The straw bondsman seems to
be immune so far as punishment is
concerned. I have not the slightest
doubt not only that these particular
ones will escape, but that they will go
on more bonds any time they can get
$5 for doing so. In many cases prison
ers are let out on bail known in ad
vance to be worthless. When the bonds
are declared forfeited the incident
-. I do not impugn the honesty of
Police Judges. Perhaps they are ig
norant of these facts, yet it is strange
that they should fail to be aware of
that which is familiar to everybody
else-
IRREPROACHABLE.
No monarch in the -world can cou^t
upon more devoted support than can tha
President of the United States. The peo
ple of this great republic hare faith In.
their leader and they admire his calm,
firm and honorable attitude In this crisis.
—Boston Journal.
Closed on Sundays at "Townsend'a," •
■m« — .
E. H. Black, painter. 120 Eddy st. •
• — — ' * »
Mission Dolores. Santa Barbara, San Ga
briel. San Carlos and Cannel Fire-etched
on boxes and 1-Ib Cal. Glace Fruit for «3c
Towasend's. Palace Hotel Building. •
■ ♦ ■
Special information supplied - daily to
business houses and public men by the
Pre^s Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 519 Moat
romery street. Telephone Main IOC *
HE IS KEEPING OFF THE GRASS.
General Coxey has not said & word.
about lining up the procession of men
•who once graced Pennsylvania avenue at
some recruiting office in case of war.—
."Washington Star.■j •••;•" ADVERTISEMENTS. J
■ : ! \\ v // /
\ SHOE COT///
W— %
/ HSHSE£» YV
/ \ \
We begin another of
our sensational un-
loading of fine, up-
to-date Shoes. Every
Shoe-buuer in San
Francisco remembers
the astounding bar-
gains during our
great sale of last near,
During this present
sale we are going to
; do as well or better
: in every particular.
: We Have Combined the Stock
of All Our Retail
Stores,
Including that of our bio
OAKLAND STORE, which
will be placed on sale Mon-
dau. Carruinothistremen-
dous stock, we must sell
auicklu, and to sell auicklu
we are going to sell cheaply
Every pair of Shoes
goes at Reduced
Prices, We ask
you to pay only
one-half of what
1 you have been pay-
. ing at other stores,
oooooooooooooooooc
0 O
o Every pair of Shoes warraii' o
o. * o
= o ted ; jour money refunded if o
oro r o
• ! 0 not as represented. 2
c o o
°\ O In many instances we have O
° : O reduced prices so that cer- Q
■•'' ~. tain lines will be sold for one- n
° third and one-fourth of their v
D real values. O
:• p: It will pay any family to buy %
; o a year's supply of Shoes during o
o this sale / o
o o
GOCGOCOOOOOOOOOOOO
Sale
Commences
Monday,
. April 11th.
TERMS OF SALE
•• • • c^*_«* /"m. <ws* I 1•• • • •
NAI A\T DD AC
PHELAN BUILDING,
812-814 Market St.
PHONE 5527.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
iPQRTANf
TO THE
PUBLIC!
I wish to call to your attention that j
I have the largest and most select ;
stock of woolens and » offer to make i
suits to order at 25 per cent less than
the price for which you could get the
same quality of goods elsewhere.
Every good, patriotic Califoroian should
patronize a firm that gets the work
made by white labor here in this city,
and that is what the firm of JOE
POHEIM does.
The firm employs all the way from
100 to 300 workmen steady at a fair, j
good salary. We are making suits to
order for $12, 515, $17 50 and $20. One-
third of this is paid out for labor done
here, and as that money is spent here
by our workmen, every customer de-
rives an indirect benefit from it; where-
as if you buy ready-made clothing you
are simply boycotting the workmen of
this State, as the ready-made clothing
is all made in the East or in Chinatown
and the money paid for labor is sent
East, instead of being spent here. We :
also make broadcloth, French pique,
beavers and the best English diagonals
to order for $25, $30, 535 and $40 to $50.
These are suits that would cost you at
a high-priced tailor at least from 25 to
40 per cent more. The question may be '
asked why this firm should sell so much
cheaper than other firms, "The reason
la very simple. First, we buy woolens ,
in large quantities at reduced prices; '
secondly, we must and do make quick
sales at a small profit. "While high-
priced tailors sell one suit we sell five, j
A professional man, a doctor, lawyer,
clergyman and a teacher can have a
dressy suit made to order of diagonal,
pique, beaver, broadcloth or doeskin
for $25 to $35, which will look and wear
as well as any suit from a high-priced
tailor for which you would have to pay
$60. We make a specialty of $25, $30
and $35 suits, and give you fine value
for the money. For a man who cannot
pay from $20 to $35 we can make an ex-
traordinarily good suit for $12, $15, |
$17 50, which beats any ready-made
suit. This suit will be cut in style, and
the money paid for the labor will be
spent here. So if we make you a fine
suit for $12 to $17 50 you can readily :
s?e that we will give you the best suit
in the country for $35.
We carry the finest goods, and you '
can have the privilege of picking out
your goods at the cloth-houses and we
will make your suit just as reasonable. \
Some say that the people in the East
are better dressed than the people in
California. Why? Because they get
their clothes made to order. If a work-
man in the East cannot pay $35 for a
suit he gets one made to order for $10
or $15, and it fits him, is cut in style
and gives the working people employ-
ment where the suit is made. They
don't import clothing from California
made by Chinese, if the Californians
would patronize home industry the
times would be better on this coast.
The firm of JOE POHEIM has always
made it a point to buy HERE all goods
that can be bought on as reasonable a
basis as in the East, so as to give the
preference to home industry. This firm
possesses the good will of the public
and has for the last twenty-three years
done the largest merchant tailoring
business on the Pacific Coast.
~ We always treat you well, give you
the most for your money and keep
your clothes in repair free of charge.
Stores: Nos. 201 and 203 Montgomery
St. -V "
844 and 846 Market St.
1110 and 1112 Market St.
Branch Stores: 485 Fourteenth St..
Oakland.
603 and 6C5 X St., Sacramento.
143 S. Spring St.. Los An&eles, Cal.
WHERE CHRONIC DISEASES ARE
CURED.
The Offices and Parlors of the English and
German Expert Specialists, 731 Market street,
Are Crowded Daily With Anxious Sufferers Who
Have Heard of Their Marvelous Cures, and Go
Their Way Rejoicing— The Good Work Goes
Steadily On.
qjrr CATARRH CURED. djC"
W ALL MEDICINES THEE. V^f
BOOK AND SYMPTOM- BLANKS SENT
SEALED FREE to those who cannot call at
the office In person. Write and be cured at
ENGLISH AND GERMANEXPERT SPECIALISTS
MASTERS OF CHRONIC DISEASES.
Incorporated for $250,000.
731 MARKET ST.
Hours, 8-5; Evenings, 7-S; Sundays, t-U.
t2OSET [j?hl
xll FFT
4*v ILL I
IS THE PROPER: DISTANCE" •
AT wHi\H A HORMAL eye SHOULD clearly
DISTINGUISH LETTER %* Atf IhCH LONG. .
CALL and HAVE y°UR EYES TESTED
<%. FREE of CHARGE:. -sir
(JPTKJAte •!• ptioT<r6iippLit3
642 Market St. .'.,
UHDtR C-KRCWCIr f'lll DING.
\AI. X. HESS, *
. NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT LAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, 1 Claus Spreckels Bldg.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, 821 California street, below Powell,
Ban; Francisco.'.. '. ' ■ . •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, 'APRIL. 10, 1898.
JAPANESE
COMPLAIN OF
MR. NORTH
Their Minister Makes
an Unfounded
Charge.
Alleges That His People
Are Discriminated
Against.
Commissioner Roberts of Phila
delphia Sent Hither to
Investigate.
— — >*
CONTRACT LABOR AGENTS, j
They Have Misrepresented Matters
and Commissioner North Makes
a Vigorous Denial.
The Japanese Minister at "Washington '
has made complaint to the Government ;
against Immigration Commissioner North, I
accusing him of demanding a higher •■
standard of qualifications for Japanese
attempting to land in this country tnan
is prescribed for immigrants of other na
tionalities.
These representations were made to the
Minister by certain Japanese contract
labor agents in this city, one or two of
whom have been mixed up in disreputable
transactions connected with both suc
cessful and frustrated attempts to land
contract laborers in droves. They have
represented that white immigrants are al
lowed to land upon their bare statements,
while the Japanese are haled before the
special board of inquiry and put through
a stringent process of cross-examination,
being treated like persons suspected of
being criminals rather than industrious
and honest citizens of a friendly nation.
As a result of the complaint of the
Japanese Minister, the Secretary of the
I Treasury has dispatched to this city j
< United States Immigration Commissioner \
Roberts of Philadelphia, and has request- '
ed United States immigration Commits- ;
sioner Rice of Victoria, B. C, to co-op- j
, crate with Commissioners Roberts and
North in examining into and reporting
upon the procedure followed by tne lm- I
, migration Bureau in this city.
It will be remembered that a few weeks :
ago Comnyssioner North examined a
batch of Japanese laborers who had ar
rived by way of Victoria. They were
part of a gang of Japs to which Mr.
North had refused a landing, the evidence ;
being clear that they were contract la- :
borers. The Victoria people had been i
permitted to land by Mr. Rice.
This apparent laxity on the part of Mr.
Rice gave rise to murmuring among the
owners of transportation lines operated ;
between San Francisco and Japan. They
said that if the door was to be thrown
wide open at Victoria and double-locked
at San Francisco there could be but one
result, and that would be to turn the cur
rent of Japanese travel to Victoria and
to give San Francisco the go-by. Mr. ;
Rice was notified shortly afterward by i
' the Secretary of the Treasury and the
i Commissioner-General of Immigration
that he would afford pleasure to the ad
ministration and would put a stop to the
i complaints if he would study the plan i
I pursued by Mr. North and if he and Mr.
I North would mutually agree upon a uni
form course in such matters.
Commissioner North yesterday de
nounced as false the charge that he had
i applied one rule to Japanese and another ■
: rule to white immigrants. White immi- :
( grants came hither with their families j
and told straight stories as to their in- i
| tention of making the United States their '
home. There was no evidence whatever I
that they were coming as contract la
borers. On the other hand, Mr. North j
! had been obliged to refuse a landing to ]
j squads of Japanese, young men who ar
rived with $30 in their pockets and were I
dressed in the same lot of European I
clothing obtained from the same estab
i lishment in Yokohama, and some of them j
being found with contract labor certi- j
j ficates on their persons. They could not
I tell a straight story, but lied and con- |
I tradicted themselves at every turn. For
I those reasons they had been denied a !
landing, and white persons under the j
same circumstances and telling the same '
\ improbable yarns would have been cx
i eluded as well.
COLLECTED 3N
THE CORRIDORS.
L. Bullaly of London is a guest at the
Palace.
L. E. Austin of New York is a guest
at the Palace.
J. C. McVance, U. S. X., is a guest at
the California.
J. W. Willar Is registered at th« Lick
from Stockton.
R. M. Shaekelford of Paso Robles is
staying at the Occidental.
J. Buller, a business man of El Paso,
is a guest at the California,
F. E. Sharkey, a manufacturer of New
Tork. is a guest at the Grand.
B. Schulte is a traveler from Antwerp
who is registered at the Grand.
R. R. Nelson and Miss Nelson of St.
Paul are staying at the Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. George A. Hurd of Liver
more are registered at the Occidental.
W. A. Shope of Santa Barbara is one
of yesterday's arrivals at the Baldwin.
Theo Allen has come up from San Ma
teo with his family and is at the Palace.
Fred Searls of Nevada City and H. S.
Hungerford of New York are both at the
| Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. "W. F. Sesnon have come
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FOR
Spring Colds
These are the most annoying of all
Colds; they are disappointments; com-
ing when most people think bad weath- j
er is past and the season for catching
Colds is over. This makes the Spring
Cold agfravating and t"~a victim wants
to get over it in a hurry, and so he can
by taking "Seventy- seven"; it "breaks
up" Colds and checks the Grip. You
have tried "77" now try llnmpftrey*.'
Specific* for Dyspepsia, I: .igestlon
and Weak Stomach; for Rheumatism
and Lumbago; for Infant Diseases,
Croup, Whooping Cough, etc.
At druggists c- sent prepaid on re-
ceipt of price, 25c, or 5 for $1; may be
assorted.
Specific Manual to be found at Drug-
gists', or sent free, tell* all.
Humphreys' Medicine Company, New
Yorlc
down from Sacramento and are registered
at the California.
The other day an old fellow, charged
with grand larceny, was on trial in one
of our Superior
Courts. It seems
that he and a vis
iting Englishman
had been out tak
ing in the town
with the result
that they both
IMPRISONED
BUT NOT
DISHONORED.
had become so full that they could not
bend over without spilling. In this con
dition they separated and the Briton went
to bed, where he slept off the effects of
his debauch, arising in the morning to
discover that he had a big head and $60
less than he counted upon. He at once
Jumped to the conclusion that his com.
panion of the evening before had "touch
ed" him, so, after hunting up a drug
store to get something for his nerves, he
hunted up a detective and had the fel
low arrested and employed special coun
sel. In the person of a little shyster, to
prosecute him.
As the evidence proceeded it proved
more and more that the poor old fellow
was as Innocent of any theft as a babe
and that the extent of his shortcoming
began and ended with a bottle. Finally
he r nself was placed on the stand and
the^prosecution realizing that, unless
something unexpected was developed,
they 'would lose their case, put him on
the rack and subjected him to a cross-
examination that was simply barbarous, j
He. however, managed to pass through ]
it all right and the little lawyer was
about to conclude when a happy thought j
seemed to strike him and he said, "Were j
you ever In prison before In your life?" I
"I was," replied the defendant. "Where, j
when and on what charge?" asked the I
lawyer, as a smile of triumph mantled his
features and h*> glanced toward the jury j
as much as to say, "Pay close attention;
the unexpected which I have been work- i
ing for is about to develop." And it did. j
With a sudden stiffening of his whole
frame and with a flash of fire from his :
old eyes he answered, in a voice that '
fairly rang with martial feeling. "An- ;
dersonville.^in '63, for getting captured
on a battle-field after receiving four
wounds "n defense of the same flag that
floated over the Maine."
It took the jury just ten seconds to :
acquit him.
Adjutant-General A. W. Barrett has
i come down from Sacramento and is stay
ing at the California.
Mrs. P. Lorillard Jr. and P. Lorillard 111
i are at Palace, where they arrived last
I njght from New York.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles P. Williams of
Brooklyn, N. V.. are at the Occidental, ac
companied b>* their daughters.
James A. Lacy, of the Parke Lacy Com
pany, has returned from his trip to Skag
uay, and is staying at the Grand.
Dr. F. Schwartzschild of Tesla, Cal.,
traffic manager of the Alameda and San
Joaquln Railroad, is visiting here.
P. L. Pratt, U. S. N., and Jose Proc
hazks, a coffee raiser of Guatemala, are
two of the late arrivals at the Palace.
W. If. Bracket and E. Pattee are two
Central American coffee planters who ar
rived on the City of Para and went to
the Grand.
Officer E. F. Lenord has entirely re
covered from a serious cold which at
one time threatened to develop into pneu
monia, and is again to be seen on duty
around the hotels.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON.
WASHINGTON. April 9.— George E.
Morse of San Francisco, clerk of the
United States District Court, is in the
city, visiting his uncle, William McKln
ley. J. W. Moultrie. the Fresno attor
ney, is in Washington.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. April P.— Hames A. Ches
ter of San Francisco Is at the Everett
House. Mr. Jaeber of San Francisco has
gone to Paris.
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
/CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB - Oakland Track-1 37th day of the
Winter Meeting. Saturday, April 10, 1898. Weather fine. Track
good
O"7^/l FIRST RACE— Six furlongs;
upward; purse, $350.
867 S~JV 4 '••• 10 8
777 Jiide*? Stouffer, 4...105! 9
747 Widow Jones. 4.... SS 2
Cl 4 Dolore. 4..- ..-101 3
857 Sea Spray, 6 103 4
753 Pat Murphy, 6 103 ■ 6
765 Howard, a 103 10
542 Queen Nubia, 4 104 a
723 Nervoso, 6 103 11
S3S "W'm. Pinkerton, 5.. 109 7
R3B Potentate, a ..106 14
866 Distinction. 4 9S I
(861) Silver State, a.. ...101 12
745 Santa Paula, 4 9S 13
2 14 14
10 1 9 2
1h 2 2
9h 7 4
8h 8 h
44 3 4
11 1 * 11 1
6% ' 4 4
12 12
5h 5 1
7 4 13
3h 6 h
13 14
11 2 10
1 n
2 3
3 2
4 1
6 1
6 2
8 2
9 1
10 1
11 2
12 3
13 2
14
i
I
Martin....
sneer
lods
Brown
ies
.wson
Donald . . .
Wilson
2
5
■
10
IS
4
10
5
40
10
6
15
40
8
2
o
60
30
60
6
20
10
300
20
12
25
100
15
Ward
elds
os
«r
■fell
lz
Time, 1:15. Winner, D. M. Hanlon's b. m. by Raclne-Aurelia 11.
first three driving.
Good start. Won
O""TCJ SECOND RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three- year-olds ; purse, $350.
HI Mldlan j
£24 Floronso '
549 Colonel Dan I
(865) Free Lady
829 Melvin Burnham...:
! 3
! 1
! 2
4
' 5
3 1
4 2
5
3 24
4 4
1 h
2 2
6
3 1
4 8
1 n
2 1
5
2 4
l 4
3 2
4 8
5
1 ns ?H. Martin....
2 6 (Dorsey
3 24 Clawson
425 Gray
5 jHolmes
8-5
10
5-2
8-5
30
2
30
7-5
2
100
Time. 1:284. Winner, T. H. Ryan's eh. c. by imp.
Won first three driving:
876.
THIRD RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
purse. $500.
804 Buckwa, a JJH 3
(880) Alvarado 11. 5 107 6
(«K4) Bonito. 3 n\ 1
871 Earl Cochran. 5 — Xoi • 4
546 San Marco. 5 11". S
860 Double Quick. 5....U0! 2
1 2
3 14
2 h
6 2
6
4 4
1 14
2 4
3 1
c 2
6
4 n
1 14
2 4
3 1
4 1
5 6
_«
1 1
2 14
3 2
4 3
5
•
: 1 r>i
2 1*
3 2
43 *
6
1 14
2 1
3 7
4 2
6
ncer
Martin....
3-2 H-10
3 4
2 3
12 20
10 9
12 60
wson '.....
>rpe .......
messy
•Ids
Ttae. le< l:48 P ' Winner, E. W. Purser** b. r. by Buckra-We Wi
easing up. . ' .
Good start.
Won
877.
and a half furlongs; two- year-olds; the General Arthur
11260.
(864) Olinthus JJJ;
864 Lavator WJ.
543 Panamint I"*
(813) Toluca 1«
864 Obsidian }2>
853 Maud Ferguson ••••JW
786 Magdalenes J» -
(832) Native Son J'2;
843 Leo Vertner 1«
853 San Ramon 108 1
!6! 6
7
is
3
5
\<
10 ■
' 9
! 8 ■
,2
2 2
8 4
74
10,1
8 1
• %
1 n
11
9 1
4%
1 4
2 4
,'■■- 4 1
t 4
7 1
8 %
3 n
9
10
5 %
.11-
2 6 '
3 h
4 2
6 3
. .<%
7 4
83.
9
10 :
nieini
8r0wn ....
horpe
:. Martin....
lawson
:4 10
4 6-2
5 9-2
6-2 3
• . •
4 15
5 8
4 10
10 25
15 25
ennessy ....
pencer
ray
. Sloan
ouln
• Cnunled with Panamlnt.
Time. :564. Winner. J. G. Brown A Co.'s eh. c. by Red Iron-Lily Wright. Poor start.
Won first three driving. __ _^_
070 FIFTH
OlOi $10,000.
all ages; the
(500) Satsuma, « ...... • • 122 8 7 H 716 1 3 4
(SO4) Wont Dance, — IIS 510 ■ 10 v 8 h Sh
... Candelaria. 4 106 1 3 92 9H ,92 74
797 Scarborough. 4 ....JWj 1 6 4 6 1 6% »%
840 Morelllto. 3 -...:. "."..104 4 82 8 h .10 .10
(KS> Fonsovannah. 3 ... .102 6 314 2 2 , ; . 2 1 .2%
(589) Buck Massie. 6.....-120 9 2h 31 3h 44
(810) Ostler Joe. 5 123-7 i\ ■< 41 , 4h ,- . 61v.
840 Linstock. 3 107 10 6 % 6h. 7 % 6 1
(840) Traveler, 3 .........1121 2 11 12 11 lh
1 h
7 4
9 1
6 V
8%
.2%
3 1
- 6%
10
4 4 ■■
1 4
I 4 !
3 4 I
4 4 I
5 1
6 1
7 2
S 2
9 1
10
nieias
. Sloan
horpe
Fennessy ....
pencer
t. Martin
lay ton
12
10
3
6
8
12
7
6'
10
•
10
12
6-2
10
10
12
4
S
15
iKKOtt j
ray ....... ..i
lawson
•Couoled with Candelarla.
Time. 2:074. Winner, Dr. H. E. RoweU'sch. h. by Macduft-Albertha. Good Btart. Won
first three driving;.
C7Q SIXTH
OC*J • »500.
three-year-olds and upward: purse.
842 McLight, ' a :....... JW
<566) May 4...-....-.---IJ'
(536) Tea Rom 11. 4 «J
841 • Libertine, a ....... . : I".
865 Official. 3 ...;•• M
840 Recreation. a.. • •■••»*
855 Belllcoso. ' 8 ..•••• •■"'
8 ,
i 3
I 1
! 2
! 4
m
j|
3 3VS;s
2 h 2
1 m " 1
• « h-\ ■■ 4
4h. . 7
- 7 -■■< 6
■?B2'-: V 5
3 3
1 h
-2h
4%
5 h
62
■ 7 ■-■■
1 4
2 14
3 4
4 h
6 n
6 4
Martin....
In ..
4 4
5 9-2
4 i 5
10 .il2
15' 20
8-5 3-2
5 12
;in
waon
'Ids
y
rpf
pott
Time 1:14. Winner. S. C. Hildreth's eh. h. by Macduff-Longallght.
cleverly.' Second and third driving. __
Good start.
Won
OQ/\ SEVENTH RACE— Six furlongs; i
upward; purse. $350.
f ee. B 1
lr. 4
i O'Day, 4 1
Mistral 11. 4..1
r <P-.. 4 ::::::>::]
itar. 4 ~>
4
I 6
! 2
1 3
: 5
. 1
i_7
12
3 4
5 2. .
1 h "■
4 4
6 25 :
*
r' 1 H--
3 4
.■ 4 1 ; ■;
2 4
•• 5 1,,; ;
■ 6 - ■:
1 1
3 1
4 2
2 4
6 3
6
1 3
2 h
3 2
4 4
6 4
6
rtin.....
I 9-10
5 4
6 12
n
i
re ....
""Tlme.'x:Hyi.- Winner," W. B. Sink Jr/i b. g. by " Exllerßracken. \ Good Btart. Won
Time i:uv». Winner, W. B. Sink Jr.* b. g. by ExUerßxoclun. Good start. Won
ma\\r.
BALD-FACED
SATSUMA FIRST
Dr. Rowell's Chestnut
Horse Won the Rich
Burns Handicap.
The Winner Piloted in Masterly
Fashion by Jockey H.
Shields.
Buck Mbbslo W.s Unplaoed-Won't
Dtnca Ran a Great Rae«, Fin
ishing Second.
Satsuma, the bald-faced son of Mac-
Duff, captured the richest prize of the
California turf at Oakland track yes
terday. Nearly 10,000 people frantically
cheered Dr. Rowell's great chestnut
horse as he led Won't Dance under the
wire.
The event was a handicap, and the
allotment of weights was the cause for
an onslaught of many naughty things
hurled at Handicapper Brooks. Not
withstanding all this, it was one of the
best contested races ever run in Cali
fornia, and Jockey Henry Shields and
Satsuma are heroes of the hour.
The big event of the day was fifth
on the card, and ten horses accepted
the issue. The Burns & Waterhouae
pair, Traverser and Candelarla, held
first place in the betting at odds of 5
to 2. Jim Murphy told all of his friends
to have a bet on Buck Massie. and
the hero of many an equine battle was
second choice in the belting. The Mon
tana people thought well of the chances
of Ostler Joe, and eagerly accepted the
8 to 1 offered about him. Ed Corrigan
went out of his way to say that Won't
Dance had an undeniable chance, and
when the daughter of Longfellow fin
ished second the books winced. Against
Satsuma, with Shields up, the ring laid
10 and 12 to 1.
It was after 4 o'clock when the horses
were summoned to the post, and fujl
twenty minutes had elapsed before
Starter Ferguson released the barrier
to a perfect start. As prophesied,
Traverser passed the stand first, fol
lowed by Buck Massie, Fonsovannah
and Ostler Joe. Soon it became appa
rent that Fonsovannah was sent out to
kill off Traverser, and three furlongs
from home the hopes of "Pa" Bradley
were blasted — Traverser was beaten.
The chestnut, however, led Fonsovan
nah into the stretch, with bald-faced
Satsuma at their heels. Henry Shields
on the latter rode the race of his life,
and gradually taking command the
long-Umbed rider piloted the outsider
past the winning post a head before
Won't Dance, the mile and a quarter
being negotiated in 2:07^. The latter
mare ran a wonderful race, for as the
stand was passed the first time she
was last of the bunch Thorpe brought
Candelaria up from the far rear, taking
third place.
Shields, the rider of Satsuma, re
ceived a great ovation on his return
to the stand, and richly he deserved it,
for never was a hurse better handled.
The winner was decorated with a
handsome floral horseshoe placed over
his neck by Thomas H. Williams Jr.,
president of the Jockey club, and Dr.
';:...'■__■;■ _ \._ '_■ ; ADVERTISEMENTS. ; \ ,
' ?
To ■' ' ' % ' c : ~~ '"' '" ""- "":".'" " ■
dv Yd
Is the usual order loO^OO<>C<>ooo<K>ooooo^
of progression n)ade by those who hear the
"CROWN" PIANO.
LIKE THE . . .
AMERICAN DOLLAR,
They are so good that
/ THERE ARE IMITATIONS, /
/ BUT ONLY ONE ORIGINAL. /
If you purchase a piano without investigating the
superlative merits of the
You fall to consult your own interests.
THE TONE QUALITIES ...
Of tl)e "CROWN "are simply superb — unsurpassed by
any other. Added to this we have the beautiful
HARP, ZITHER, MANDOLIN, GUITAR, etc.. and the
price — that's something we would like to talK to you
about.
PLEASE BEAR IN MIND . . .
That the "CROWN" Piano occupies a "sphere of its
own"— has no competitor. It is a DISTINCTIVE
/yV 7 ;: Piano.
/BY ALL MEANS COME AND HEAR / , >
/ THE WONDERFUL "CROWN." /
Handsome Illustrated BooK mailed to all who write
for it.
- Monthly payments arranged for those who desire.
INCIDENTALLY
We are offering several rare bargains In new and
second-hand Pianos, among which are Chicker-
ings, A. B. Chase. Knabe, etc., which were taken in
exchange on "CROWN" Pianos.
Call or write us for full particulars.
HOCKETT BROS. & CO.,
213 POST STREET.
i Rowell nearly lost an arm receiving
I the congratulations of his many
■ friends.
Of the other six events the favorites
! scored first in four. The betting was
heavy, and the books did a land-office
: business.
Henry Shields fairly outdid himself,
! for not only did he land the big event
of the day, but the elongated rider
piloted Olinthus to victory in the two
| year-old stake at four and a half fur
i longs. The brother to Diggs went back
to 10 to 1. and taking the lead from
i Magdalenas in the stretch, won driving,
a length in front of Lavator.
"Skeets" Martin landed the opening
purse for sprinters at six furlongs with
' Sly. The mare was an 11-to-5 favorite,
| and heading the 50-to-l chance, "Widow
! Jones, in the run home, won ridden out
j from Judge Stouffer, second choice in
the betting.
The Chicago horseman, L. J. Johnson,
j turned a warm one loose in the seven
furlong run for 3- year-olds, arfu Jockey
Dorsey tossed it off. The latter was up
! on Florouso, against which 50 to 1 was
ADVERTISEMENTS.
4^
HAVE YOUR TEETH FILLED OR
▲ EXTRACTED WITHOUT PAIN. At,
And Save Half on Tour Dentist Bill.
EXPERIENCED GRADUATE R DENTISTS IN EVERT DB-
_^^_ Gold Fillings from ..'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'^ a
|^ Plates F^^nt e^Fii-from::::"":::::::::::::::::"^ J^
x SPECIAL. FOR APRIL:
Out-of-town patients having: more. than »10 worth of dental
work done by us will be allowed the amount of their railroad
fire from any point within 125 miles of San Francisco. - City
- A iatrons will receive 10 per cent discount this month. Call and
A s ufe-tAvr m . warraDted - Ak
•^ METROPOLITAN DENTAL PARLORS,
.""" 927 Market Street,
Fifth FlMr, or»r Cif» Jinkand. Kl«T»tor. . • '
%k @$^ 4^s %V
. : " """"-■■"■-■■■-■■'."*■ ■ ■ .:..■" ' " .
q vim DR. JORDAN'S <>«•*
JXm Museum of Anatomy
|sp§\ 1051 MASHT ST. lex. 6ti * 7th, S.F. Cii.
Q |*B The Largest •fltjktDd In th* World.
s)liiiA DR. -JORDAN— Private Diseases.
1 ffwi JL - ' '^ ConnH»;lon free. Wrl«« for Cook
In I^PhiloVophif^rMVrrlagt.
la v MiiitD race.
Nt & HEAD NOISES CURED
||FBPM.-uniiv. our l.Mlsliil.h i i.c) Ci:>ljiol:|
I ■mmwmnm , hvlp when all else- fail*. nscln>-<<e» help eyes.
jSeir-iuljiivtir.tr. X«l"ai!>. Wh!«t»i>heßr>l. to COCK
' r.Mi««i-»-'':r. 1 "v.;'.":. V":.--' .■.-■■.»- .-.fnrC
; : * Rad way's Ready Relief for Sprains, ; Bruises,
; ' Bore Muscles. Cramps,* Burns, Sunburns, , Bacic-
i ache. Headache, Toothache, Rheumatism. Neu-
. lalsia. , Lumbago. Internally : for / all " Bowel
Pains. : Colic, - X Diarrhoea. Dysentery, Cholera
> Iforbua and Blcltnes*, KauaM. eta. All drug-
Clita.
laid, and at the paddock had the race
won. Dorsey then got gay and was
beaten out a head by Midian, the sec
ond choice, with "Skeets" Martin in the
saddle. The favorite, Cjlonel Dan, was
killed off the first part by Free Lady.
The mile and a sixteenth, decided un
der selling conditions, proved only a
gallop for the 11-to-10 favorite, Buckwa,
piloted by Spencer. Purser's big geld
: ing was in front all the way and won
romping from Alvarado 11. The heavily
, backed Bonita finished in the show, be
ing outfooted from the start.
Recreation was favorite for the six
furlong handicap, but Thorpe's ride
proved a decided innovation and she
ran unplaced. At the end McLight,
with H. Martin in the saddle, led May
W out a half length, with pounds to
spare.
The final six-furlong sprint went to
the 9 to 10 favorite Refugee, which won
easily. Robair took the place from
Break o' Day in a drive.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
SCHODLLOTTOLEASE
"Office o« the 'Board of Education, City Hall,
San' Francisco, April 5, ISSS. Sealed proposal*
will be received in open session of the Board
of Education, City Hall, on WEDNESDAY.
April 13. ISOB, from 3 to 3:20 o'clock p. \ m..
for leasing from the said board the school lot
on the corner of Fourth and Clara streets, with
the --■ improvements - thereon. Bidders : are re-
quested to state what amount of ; rent they
propose to ; pay - monthly, during -• period of.S
years. ' and also what amount they propose to
pay monthly during a period of 10 years. ,-, Each
proposal > must .be accompanied by a " certified
check in * the ; sum of two ■ hundred and fifty
($200) -dollars," made payable to : the order iof *
the secretary, of the Board of Education, con-
ditioned that If the proposal ,be accepted and
the lease granted, ' and If the bidder, shall i fail
or neglect to sign the lease and give a reason-
able bond I for the I faithful performance of \ the
terms , thereof, -within 10 days after the lease
is - granted, V then . and in that i case the", said
check shall , : be forfeited ;. to • the , said t Board of.
Education. The ; board • reserves '• the i right Sto
reject. any i and 5 all y bids, 5 as » the « public -. good
mar require. ... The party . to whom ; the lease is
granted will be required prior to or at the time
of the execution • of .» the lease . to pay i the • cost
of ■ advertising this notice. < Any additional ; In-
formation 'required will be l furnished at the
offlce of the Board of. Education. '.-- - ■ ' -
.CHXS. W. WELCH, Secretary. -j
■ v ■ ■ '.'•-■• 1 1^ i "i ■■ ■ I, mtwt\ — m *"
78
AWAITING
THE ORDER
TO MARCH
Infantry at the Presi
dio and Benicia
Barracks Ready.
Shelter Tents and Full
Equipments for Field
Service Issued.
Batteries Will Be Placed at
Santa Cruz to Protect the
Powder Works.
PREPARATIONS FOR WAR.
Work on th© Military Cables Con
neotirj A: gel Island and Aleatruz
With the Mainland.
The First United States Infantry,
stationed at the Presidio, is ready for
the front. As announced exclusively
in yesterday's Call, orders were re
ceived Friday Instructing the com
manding officer, Colonel Evan Mi'es, to
have the companies of the regiment
hold themselves in readiness to leave
at a moment's notice. Instant prep
arations were made to execute the or
der. Shelter tejits were drawn and
other field camp equipage issued to the
soiaiers.
Yesterday morning the companies of
the regiment stationed at the Presidio
were inspected in heavy marching or
der. Every enlisted man was sup
plied with the lieid regulation allow
ance of clothing and one tin cup, knife,
fork and spoon, constituting the mess
furniture of a soldier in the field. Each
soldier in line had his overcoat neatly
wrapped in one-half of a shelter tent.
The inspection was thorough, indicat
ing the readiness of the command to
move without delay to the front.
The following dispatch shows that
orders similar to those issued at the
Presidio were given at Benicia Bar
racks:
BENICIA. April 9, 1898.
Orders have been received at the
Benicia Barracks instructing the
commanding officer. Colonel Smith,
to have the companies of the First
Infantry under his command to hold
themselves in readiness to leave at a '
moment's notice. Inspection is now
being held, and all that are not fit for
service -will be left out. The sold
iers express plenty of enthusiasm
over the order.
Many representatives of the gentler
sex, after reading The Call yesterday
paid a visit to their friends stationed
at the Presidio. The First Infantry has
been at this statin: for many years,
and the officers and enlisted men have
formed many lasting friendships in the
community. The departure of the reg
iment for the front will cause many
tender expressions of regret, but the
eoldiers stand ready to go where duty
demands.
Orders for the regiment to march
may come to-morrow or may be post
poned for days. At the post exchange
where the enlisted men assemble to
smoke and gossip wagers are laid that
the orders to leave will be given before
Monday midnight. At the Presidio
Club, where the officers of the garri
son loiter occasionally and talk over
the news, the opinion finds many sup
porters that the recent orders do not
si -nify immediate departure for the
front. Some of the officers believe yet
that war with Spain will be avoided,
by Spanish concession.
The order posted at headquarters
last Friday, which directs that officers
shall not leave the Presidio without
Bpecial permission from the command-
Ing officer, has not been revoked or
modified. This signifies that the order
to march is hourly expected.
General Bhafter, commanding the de
partment, will arrive in the city from
the south to-morrow morning. First
Lieutenant John D. Miley. Fifth Artil
lery, aid and engineer officer on the
general's staff, returned from San Di
tgo yesterday. The report of the com
manding officer's inspection of the San
Diego fortifications will be forwarded
at once to headquarters of the army in
Washington.
It is known that the defenseless con
3ltlon of severaJ of the cities of the Pa
cific coast has engaged the attention of
General Shafter. It is surmised that a
Spanish cruiser or privateer might
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A POPULAR MISTAKE
Regarding Remedies for Dyspepsia and
Indigestion.
The national disease of Americans Is
Indigestion or in its chronic form, dy-
spepsia, and for the very reason that
It Is bo common many people neglect
taking proper treatment for what they
ronsider trifling stomach trouble, when,
as a matter of fact, indigestion lays
the foundation for many Incurable dis-
eases. No person with a vigorous,
healthy stomach will fall a victim to
consumption. Many kidney diseases
and heart troubles date their begin-
ning from poor digestion; thin, nerv-
ous people are really so because their
stomachs are out of gear; weary, lan-
gruid, faded out women owe their con-
dition to imperfect digestion.
When nearly every person you meet
Is alilicted with weak digestion it is not
surprising that nearly every secret pat-
ent medicine on the market claims to
be a cure for dyspepsia, as well as a
Bcore of other troubles, when, .in fact,
as Dr. Werthior says, there is but one
genuine dyspepsia cure which is per-
fectly safe and reliable, and moreover,
this remedy is not a patent medicine.
but it is a scientific combination of
pure pepsin (free from animal matter),
vegetable essences, fruit salts and bis-
muth. It Is sold by druggists under
name of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets. Js'o
extravagant claims are made for them,
but for indigestion or any stomach
trouble. Stuart's Dyrpepsla Tablets are
far ahead of any remedy yet discov-
ered. They act on the food eaten, no
dieting is necessary, simply eat all the
•wholesome food you want and these
tablets will digest it, A cure results,
because all the stomach needs is a
rest, which Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
give by doing the work of digestion.
Druggists sell thr-se tablets at 50 cents
per package. Little book on slomach
diseases and testimonial* sent free by
«uddree*ing Stuart Co., chemists, Mar-
make a demonstration against Santa
Barbara and even land a force of men
and demand tribute.
In view of the importance to the Gov
ernment of the powder plant at Santa
Cruz preparations are In progress to
erect defensive works at that point. It
transpires that the department com
mander considered this subject several
weeks ago and has since decided to
erect a battery and establish a garri
son at Santa Cruz. Whether the forti
fications will be garrisoned by troops
of the United States army or compa
nies of the National Guard of this
State has not yet been determined. As
measures of defense progress it be
comes obvious that there will be plenty
of work for the State troops. A regi
ment of the National Guard may at
any hour be ordered to duty at the Pre
sidio.
It also comes to light that the army
authorities have decided to materially
strengthen the defenses of San Diego.
The battery of ten-inch rifles now in
position may be exposed to an enfilad
ing fire from a Spanish cruiser. Ad
ditional earthworks on the flank to the
ocean may be necessary as a protec
tive measure. It Is understood that
other batteries will be erected to guard
the harbor against an enemy's ap
proach. A regiment of the National
Guard, or at least a battalion, may be
sent to San Diego.
The Santa Cruz position is specially
important because the Government has
ordered vast quantities of Santa Cruz
powder for shipment to the Atlantic
seaboard. The public will not be ad
vised when the shipments are made,
but the fact remains neverthe!ess that
the po-wder has been contracted for and
the transportation has been secured
by the quartermaster's department of
the army. The Works are not more
lhan'two miles from the ocean: hence
a privateer throwing shells in that lo
cality might explode the works.
Colonel Miles, commanding the post
at the Presidio, was at Fort Point yes
terday afternoon when the 12-inch
breech-loading ritie, which is to be
mounted on a disappearing cariage.was
landed from a barge near the fort. The
water was smooth, and the contractor
had no trouble in getting the great gun
from the barge safely on shore before
dark. The gun was moved above high
water line last night and will be hauled
up the hill and placed in position with
out unnecessary delay. This gun weighs
fifty-nine tons. The carriage on which
it is to rest weighs ISO tons.
Captain George E. Sage, U. S. A., re
ceived intelligence by wire yesterday
that he had been assigned to duty with
the Sixth Artillery, Colonel E. B. Wil
liston, Fort McHenry, Maryland. The
captain, who was recently pro-moted
from first lieutenant of the Fifth Ar
tillery, is a native of New York, and
was appointed a second lieutenant in
the Nineteenth Infantry from Illinois
September 30, IS6S. July 14, 1869, he was
assigned to the Fifth Artillery, and
February 21, 1881, was promoted first
lieutenant. Captain Sage served with
the Fifth at stations along the New
England coast from Fort Trumbull,
Conn., to Fort Sullivan. Me. In May,
IS7O, when the Fenians made their at
tempted invasion of Canada, Captain
Sage accompanied his battery to the
scene of disturbance in Northern New
York and Vermont. In the fall of 1873
his regiment was ordered south, and
in ISM it garrisoned the posts in New
York harbor. In IS9O the Fifth came
to the Pacific Coast and was stationed
at posts in San Francisco harbor and
Fort Canby, Wash., with headquarters
at the Presidio, at which post Captain
Sage was stationed till August 14, 1894,
when he was appointed military in
structor at Mount Tamalpais Military
Academy at San Rafael.
Of the $90,000 appropriated by Con
gress on estimates submitted by Gen
eral A. W. Greely. chief signal officer,
United States army, for cables to con
nect electrically the fortifications in
the harbors along the Atlantic and Pa
cific coasts with the main land, the de
partment of California has been al
lotted a sufficient sum to connect all
the islands in San Francisco harbnr
and fortifications at Lime Point, Fort
Baker and Fort Mason. The destruc
tion of the military cables between Al
catraz and Angel islands ,nd the main
land long since left the fortifications in
the harbor isolated and entirely un
connected electrically. Work is now
being rushed on this work by the sig
nal officer of the department. Lieuten
ant Frank Green, and when completed
the entire system of our harbor de
fense will be connected electrically,
so that not only will the transmission
of orders be constantly maintained but
the entire control and the direction of
the defense will be under one master
mind.
MASONS OBSERVE EASTER.
California Commandery No. 1,
Knights Templar, Will Attend
First Congregational Church.
California Commandery No. 1. Knights
Templar, will attend Easter service in
uniform this evening at the First Con
gregational Church, Post and Mason
streets. Rev. George C. Adams, pastor of
.the First Congregational Church, and
Rev. Sir W. E. Smith, prelate of Califor
nia Commandery No. 1, Knights Tem
plar, will officiate. Music will be ren
dered by the church choir. The head of
ficers of the Commandery are Eminent
Sir John P. Fraser, commander; Sir
Charles H. Wilson, generalissimo; Sir W.
H. Frank Titus, captain general. Follow
ing is the programme to be presented:
Organ prelude, "Pilgrim Chorus" (Wag
ner), during which the Sir Knights will
enter the church and be seated ; hymn,
"Onward. Christian Soldiers" (Sullivan);
Invocation by the pastor; song, by the
choir; confession by all present, with the
prelate. Sir Knights kneeling; sentences
of hope by the prelate, Sir Knights re
main kneeling; song by the choir, at the
end the eminent commander giving the
word to arise, a dialogue between the
prelate and the Sir Knights following;
the Easter Psalm, all standing; Bong by
the choir, preceding and following the
command given by the eminent com
mander to be seated; the lesson, consist
ing of music and devotions; prayer, with
response by the choir. Sir Knights still
kneeling: contralto solo. "The Day of
Resurrection" (Btevensonl; hymn, con
gregation Joining in; offertory, "Easter
Song" (Oranier); sermon on "Christ, t:ie
First Fruits of Them That Arc Asleep."
Rev. George C. Adams. D.D. ; the Apos
tles' Creed, Sir Knights arising at order
from eminent commander and repeating
words with the prelate; requiem by choir.
Sir Knights and eoDgregatton standing;
benediction by the pastor; organ postlude,
during which the Sir Knights leave the
church.
Hydraulickers Not Convicted.
The Jury failed to agree in the case
of Ah Louis, Ah Chung and Ah Chang,
tried in the United States District Court
on a charge of hydraulic mining without
permission from the Antl-Debrls Associa
tion. The defendants were engaged in
working the old Indiana Hall mine, n«a«-
Gold Run, and It was alleged that they
used monitors. This they denied, and the
evidence was conflicting.
Paste for Diamonds.
Guy McCord, the proprietor of a poker
"Joint," was yesterday held to answer be
fore the Superior Court by Judge Joach
imsen on a charge of felony embezzlement
in $1000 bonds. . H« got several diamonds'
from Frances Gerry to take to a Jeweler
on Third street to. bo reset, and he . got
the Jeweler to substitute paste for the
real. articles by telling him that the Jew
elry belonged to him. -..^ ■:>,).,'■
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 10, 1898.
STRONG HARES AND FAST DOGS
INGLESIDE.
One of the best local cards ever drawn
was run down at Ingleside Coursing Park
yesterday, and the way the talent was
kept on the run was proof positive that
something will "be doing to-day." A
large Saturday crowd was on the ground,
but they found it almost Impossible to
guess the winners. A long string of top
notchers and many second-raters started,
but the way they had been drawn made
the sport of more than general Interest.
The judge decided as follows:
In the run down Lynch & Maher's Da
kota beat T. McHughes' Tic-Tac-Toe, T.
Butler's Susie beat Deckelman &
Panarlo's Glen Roy; E. W. Duffy's B B
beat James Lace's Ellen Terry; James
Masconi's Olein beat Conncll Bros.' Sir
Walter, J. Dean's Connemara beat W.
Dalton's Famous, Connell Bros.' Log Boy
beat Thomas J. Burkes Little Pete, G.
Smart's Silkwood beat D. Kaher's Bell of
Mosc ow, J. Kinkaid's Nelly Conroy beat
F. G. Fentiman's Blue Bell. Lowe &
Thompson's Patrla beat T. M. Rogers'
Olga, James McCormick's White Wings
beat W. Dalton's Lady Napoleon, T. Cro
nln's Magnet beat W. Ryan's Sweet Mu
sic, W. Dalton's Sinaloa a bye. M. Mich
allk's Fireball beat W. C. Glassen's Mys
tery-, J. Shea's Firenza beat E. Camp
bell's Bendalong, M. D. Hill's General
beat T. Cronin'a Thornhill, Deckelman &
Panario's Old Glory beat E. C. Jones'
Gaslight, T. Cooney's Right Bower beat
J. Quane's Vigilant, Deckelman & Pana
rio's Decorator beat D. Hooper's Koo
Lawn, James Byrnes' Seminolo beat J.
Murnane's Flashlight.
M. Kerrigan's Lady Blanche beat E.
Campbell's Daisy; Connell Bros." Senorlta
beat J. Quane's Princess Marie; W.
Ryan's Signal beat T. Mcllugh's Lady
Hopp; Lynch & Maher's Mystic Maid
beat W. Nilon's Fly; Larkey & Rock's
Myrtle beat J. Byrne's Occidental.
Immediately after the run down a con
solation stake was drawn, resulting as
follows: Koolawn vs. Vigilant; Princess
Marie vs. Olga; Sir Walter vs. Lady Na
poleon; Bell of Moscow vs. *• lashlinght;
Glen Roy vs. Occidental; Famous vs.
Bendalon.
The best-liked performers at Ingleslde
to-day are as follows: Open stake— Susie,
B B Log Boy. Silkwood. Patria, Magnet,
Firenzi, Old Glory, Right Bower, Semin
ola. Senorita, Myrtle.
Consolation stake— Koolawn, vigilant,
Olga, Sir Walter, Flashlight, Glenroy,
Bendalon. , . .
The running at Ingleside to-day begins
at 11 a. m.
HALE & NORCROSS
DECISION IS IN
It Is No Nearer a Conclusion
Than It Was Many
Months Ago.
Supreme Court Rehashes a Former
Ruling and Sends the Caso
Back.
The long-expected decision in the case
of M. W. Fox against the Hale & Nor
cross Silver Mining Company was hand
ed down yesterday, and the findings of
the majority of the court leave the
matter in practically the same condition
that it was In after the previous de
cision by the same tribunal. The opinion
was written by Justice Temple and con
curred in by Chief Justice Beatty and
Justices Henshaw and Harri/on, Justices
Garoutte and Van Fleet dissenting. The
substance of the decision is summed up
in the following findings:
The judgment will therefore be as
upon the first appeal, that the judg
ment below is set aside and the Su
perior Court is directed to enter a
judgment as of the date of the first
judgment against Alvinza Hayward,
H. M. Levy and the estate of W. S.
Hobart, deceased, for the sum of
$210,197 50, with the interest from
that date upon the issue, for having
paid an excessive price for milling
the ore in the Mexican and Nevada
mills. As to the issue presented by
a claim for damages sustained for
reason of imperfect and fraudulent
milling, a new trial is awarded and
the court is directed to proceed and
try that issue and make findings in
accordance with the views hereinbe
fore expressed.
In order tbat the full meaning of this
dfdsion may be understood a brief his
tory of the" matter must be given. M.
W. Fox, on behalf of himself and other
stockholders of the corporation, began
an action against the company, and par
ticularly against Hayward, Hobart, H.
M. Levy, the president of the company,
and the Virginia and Mexican Mill, the
Nevada Milling and Mining Company and
several directors, wealthy citizens of the
Pacific Coast. The defendants were ac
cused of conspiracy and frauds of the
most gross nature, the principal charge
bring that Hayward and Hobart, owners
of the mills, made an arrangement with
the ethers so that ores taken from the
mine to their mills should be so treated
that a large part of the precious metals
should go into the slimes and tailings
and later be converted to the use of the
conspirators, who in turn would divide
with the suborned president. Levy, thus
defrauding the stockholders out of large
sums of money.
The case was first heard before Supe
rior Judge Ilebbard, who found that the
directors named in the complaint, to
gether with Hayward, Hobart and Levy,
were guilty of fraud. That the sum of
$210,000 be paid by the accused in lieu of
the fraudulent excess of milling charges
and the enormous sum of $1,025,000 Judg
ment for the amount embezzled. From
this an appeal was taken to the Su
preme Court, where the Justices, after
long deliberation, exonerated the incrim
inated directors of the charge of fraud.
They also reversed the Judgment relating
to the $1,025,000 embezzlement. The Judg
ment on the first amount named, $210,197,
was affirmed, the higher tribunal holding
that thiß was merely for an overcharge
for milling, but In the damages for fraud
in milling the Judgment and order were
reversed.
When the remitlttur went down the
Judge of the lower court entered Judg
ment for $210,197. and from this another
appeal was taken, the contention being
that the Judgment was segregated and
there could not be two Judgments in one
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NO PAIN ■■■ NO PAIN gn
CROWNS $3.50. jNjjf
FILLINGS 50cts. WwjjWl
Flexible Plates $5.00 full set
CROWNS AND DRIDGE WORK
OUR SPECIALTY.
'.AXjLi WORK^WARRANTHD.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS,
24 SIXTH ST.. COR. STEVENSON, Open Evenings.
UNION PARK.
The big racing event at Oakland track
yesterday attracted quite a number of the
supporters of coursing from the Union
Park coursing grounds, yet, all things
considered, there was a comfortable at
tendance when the first course was called.
The betting was especially lively and sev
eral thousands of dollars changed hands.
The Call's tips, as usual, were heavily
played, and out of twenty-four courses
but four selections failed to cash.
The following 1b the result of the first
run down of the all-aged stake:
Sans Souci beat Alameda; Forget beat
Kilkenny Girl; Tessie Fair beat Van
Knapp; Tod Sloan beat Sharkey; Douglas
beat Black Pete; Green Valley Maid beat
Van Cloie; Van Needa beat Arapahoe;
Terrona beat Santa Alicia; Chit Chat beat
Carmen; Camilla beat Vida Shaw; Sweet
Lips beat Ben B; Chartist beat Harkaway
II; Theron beat Port Costa Lass; Magic
beat Lady Harkaway; Promise Me beat
Electric; The Turk beat Lady Grace;
Move On beat Gilt Edge; Moore's Pre
scription beat Lor- Byron; Herculese beat
Amorita; Wmte Chief beat Gannon
Pasha; Eclipse beat Commodore; Rusty
Gold beat Marcella; Mountain Beauty
beat Royal Buck; Flying Buck beat Rey
Alfonso.
In the first round of to-day, The Call
makes the following selections, which will
prove successful provided the hares run
up to their form of yesterday:
Forget to beat Sans Souci; Tessie Fair
to beat Tod Sloan; Green Valley Maid to
beat Douglas; Terrona to beat \an Nee
da; Chit Chat to beat Camilla; -Chartist
to beat Sweet Lips; Theron to beat Magic;
Promise Me to beat The Turk; Move On
to beat Moore's Prescription; Hercules
to beat White Chief: Rusty Gold to beat
Eclipse. Flying Buck and Mountain
Beauty should make a clinking course
with Buck to win by a small margin.
Doubtless the stake will be won by
either of the following dogs: Flying
Buck, Rusty Gold or Theron. Green Val
ley Maid will have a number of warm
admirers, as she is running fast and
strong.
In the puppy stakes Palmer Hill beat
War Cloud; Royal Oak beat Arrow; Pas
time beat Quiver; Star Pointer beat
Dempsey; Bonlta beat Sunbeam; Flying
Faster beat Gold Brick; Handy Andy
beat Obadiah; Minerva beat Liberty Bell.
As the young dogs are very uncertain
in their running, selections will not be
made. Flying Faster ran very well yes
terday, and may possibly land the stake.
case and that the court must wait for
that portion of the judgment that was set
back for further trial. The position of the
defendants was sustained by, the Supreme
Court, the judgment was reversed and
the case sent back to await the final ac
tion of the lower court in the ca.se in its
entirety.
That portion of the original judgment
which was remanded for a new trial (the
part relating to the damages sustained
by imperfect and fraudulent milling) was
attain tried before Judge Hebbard, who
found for the plaintiff fur $417,000. which,
with the $210,197, was entered against the
defendants, and this constituted the judg
ment from which this last appeal was
taken. As stated, the decision of yester
day places the case in exactly the same
position as when the tirst Supreme Court
decision was rendered.
The decision was not in the least a sur
prise to many. It is the custom that the
nature of a decision by this high tribunal
shall not be known until after it is hand
ed to the clerk of the court and filed. On
Friday the stock brokers, or some of
them, seemed to know all about what
ti.e verdict would be. and as a result over
0000 shares were unloaded on thp market,
the price tumbling from $1 30 to $1. Some
one in the inside must have given a tip
which was not slow to be taken. Im
mediately after rendering the decision the
court departed for Los Angeles.
BECEPTION OF ASPIRANTS.
Ladies' Sodality of St. Ignatius
Church Will Add New Members.
A solemn reception of nevr members to
the Ladles' Sodality at St. Ignatius
Church will take place this afternoon at
3 o'clock. Rev. Father Calzia, the spirit
ual director of the society, will receive the
aspirants, after which the office of the
Blessed Virgin will be recited by the mem
bers. Father Calzia will deliver an ad
dress, at the conclusion of which a sa
cred musical programme in honor of the
occasion will be rendered, a special fea
ture of which will be the rendition of an
instrumental trio for' violin, orpan and
piano by the Misses Agnes, Angela and
Clotilde Devlin. Hymns will be sung by
the lady members and will conclude the
programme.
The sodality is at present io a very
flourishing condition, and has upward of
700 members, owing to the zeal and earn
estness of its spiritual director, Rev.
Father Calzia.
The magnificent steamship Morgan
City of the Ladue-Yukon Transporta
tion Company, which is consigned to
Johnson- Locke Mercantile Company,
not having arrived on her scheduled
time from New York, her sailing date
for Juneau, Dyea. Skaguay and Copper
River has been changed to April 16, on
which date she will leave from Folsom
street wharf.
A Benefit Entertainment.
The Dramatic Club of the California
School of Elocution and Oratory will give
an entertainment on Tuesday evening,
April 12. at Golden Gate Hall. 625 Sutter
street, for the benefit of Miss Emily Cur
tis, president of the school. The price of
admission has been fixed at 50 cents. An
excellent programme has been arranged,
consisting of music, both vocal and in
strumental, dramatic recitations, poses
plastiques and the farce "Obliging a
Friend." As the California School of Elo
cution and Oratory has long been noted
for the high quality of Its training and
the accomplishments of Us students, an
evening of genuine enjoyment may be ex
pected by all.
Advances made on furniture and piano*, with
or without removal. J. N'oonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
To Improve Tilden Street.
A petition has been sent to the Board
of Supervisors from the- residents In the
vicinity of the westerly end of Fifteenth
street, asking that Fifteenth street be
opened and extended westerly to Tilden
street; also to lower the grade of the lat
ter thoroughfare to that of the former
bo as to make Tilden street accessible by
way of Fifteenth and allow a propor
drainage. The petitioners are: Q. Moulin,
James H. Duncan, Chri» Leavy, Charles
F. Helln. Patrick Prior, B. P. \ornoch,
J. B. Gorman, John Talford.N. Knoll,
Daniel Frank. Julius Relmer, A, J. Bolf
lng, John Dolan, Thomas Jennings, Mrs.
Leavy, Charles S. Noyes. Harry D. Roar
ers, Gottlieb Carle, George Carle, W. C.
Mysell.
';'■'■'". ADVERTISEMENTS. -~^~^s~>—
_ "jfcURES THESE:
\\\lffsS Nervous Debility.
V A^Jx^Z/y^ / Pains in Back and Hips. ">
"\ \\ y^^te>-P§^7/ *~ -^^ Rheumatism. Sciatica,
Weak Kidae y s ' Lu . mba ?°-
** -^^^^^A^^ • Vancocele and its effects.
§i/ !^— WIT )c^_ "*" Indigestion, Dyspepsia.
J^liP r^^ uiffl s^V /^ > AII Weakness of Men>
v j -»^^JlslkpJL_ V«H ' ■ • Sleeplessness and Lost Memory,
-~^\J j±- z^\y', —^^ - Failing Vigor in Old Men,
•-' >^mSbs^ : /^t%^r^\ Female Weakness,
<^^Qu\^l_^\\\ I(y^/V4^^jM And all the effects of excess. over-»
--^^^^^/^y^WV^Vvj) \\' CSl'^ work and worry.
ivian, Are iou YveaKr # m^?M V^
Are you not as vigorous in your nerve and/y . \\ j #«f^4|ffl\. j^gggST i \
vital forces as you should be? Dc/^ou find >Wr./ )\>-^^\\^lf^^^^®^k Wjx)
Strength giving way too early ?/fWe\ou strong "f ,'^\^^^f fH !^^^^ V^
muscular power and weak vital^cnvefs\?\\ Do y6u \ /I' '^\ Ih^'Vv^!?!^ \
notice that your capacity forAbusinefs\\Cu^yoTr. V J US. fcA *\ \ '
pleasure is waning ? All theselre signs of tie/floss -z^^^ir^^^^^^^^^^^
of vital nerve force— Electricity— from^our^body, " 'If^vTm \o"^ \^^~^^^^
Replace it and be a man-^GSt^k' Nature's vitality, NJ/ c 6s Ses&s^^^g^^^^A
which you have wasted indiscretions orexcesses. . IjBnII^ 1 m^J^^fw// I
This is the age of pro^r^^A means" r!as\ }
been found for the restoration of vigor.^^TT^iV v *^§||§=pE§p^ > j|^' r A^/
Dr, Sanden's Efectnc Belf .
Never failing in its invigorating powers, it has made thousands V vigorous / men out of as many)
weak, despondent creatures. It will cure you if you are weak. Three Glasses- of Men" is a very valu-»
able treatise on the restoration of manhood. If you are weak, get it at once. It is^free orTapplication,
and will point out a course by which you can become a healthy and happy man. \\ —^ I \
Dr. Sanden"s Electric Belt has a regulator, and the electric power\ can be turned on mild- or
strong at will. No other Belt made has it. , \ \ / / )
Act to-day. In a matter of this kind— a matter which concerns the^ happiness not onfy of
yourself, but of your family and friends, of your future generations— you should pot delay- y
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., '^.fe^fes^
J— 'J— 'l N JL_jJL-il_jV-/ 1 J \IU V-/.V^.j Opp. Palace Hotel, Sari Francisco.
NOTE— Make no mistake In the number— 6J2 Market Street. .1 /*^' '
. . Oftice hours, Ba.m.to & p. m., Sundays, 10 to VK Branches at Los Angeles. C.il . 204 /£ South Broadway ; .Portland. Or. .251
Washington street; Denver. Colo.. 931 Sixteenth street . I1.1M." Tr\.. .'B5 Mam street. , I ,^V
LADUE-YUKON
TRANSPOKTATIONCO.
JOHNSON-LOCKE MERCANTILE 00.
General Freight and Passenger Agents,
<509 MARKET STREET,
Will Dispatch Their Magnificent Steamer
"MORGAN CITY"
FOR
JUNEAU, DYEA, SKAGUAY,
COPPER RIVER, COOKS
INLET and
DUTCH HARBOR
From Folsom-Street Wharf on
SATURDAY, APRIL 16th.
JOHNSON-LOCKE MERCANTILE CO.,
609 Market Street and 204. Front Street.
I "for (^^GoS^llv
ELY'S CREAM BALM Is a positive cure.
Apply Into the nostrils. It is quickly absorbed: 60
cents at Drncreists or by mail ; samples 10c. by mail.
ELY BROTH 1 "'. 66 V -rr-n ft.. New York City.
000000000000000000
ITM?l TM ? PALACE Wsl,
% GRAND hotels
q ' ' SAN FRANCISCO. . "
Connected by a covered passageway. " ;
V 1400 Rooms. . 900 With Bath Attache)*. © '■■
O All Uxdib Oxe Man-aoehes* O
O NOTE TEE PRICES : q \
O European Plan. Bl. OO per day and upward -» i
** American Plan. OO per day and upward V
O Correspondence Solicited. Q
O JOHN 0. KIKKPATRIOK, Manager. q
OOOOOOOOQOOOOOO OOP
g^ J • ■ - j ■ CTRCD while
Ll 1C L- U 1 WMoTcnr^'la
. . --T^^ -^ ■ one year, k
tor. Ovtar'i OSAN-SOLTENT Bon{l«s will diilnlje, dlpit
tnd forarer nmon Unthrml STRICTURE In IS iUjb. Bougies
«I««o1t« in three houri, earing while you Bleep. Cures Gleet
»nd Knlirc«l Praiut*. V*Jo>bVe treatise free.
BT. JAMES ASS'N, Dept. i, BOND HILL, O.
*:■:, ADVERTISEMENTS. ■
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
. • Via Sausallto Perry,
. from Baa Francisco! Commencing Btstemba>
----- 19, U97.
WEtK DATS, .' .
For Mill Valley ; and ' Ban ltafael-^*T •>•**.
. 11:10 a. M.i *1:45. 1:15, •8:19,-'t:00,' «;jj p. ra.
Extra ■ trips for San j Rafael >on Mondays. -
Wednesdays ana Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS. -
For Mill Valley and San Rafael- •8:80. nt.sa.
•11:10 a. in.; *1:15. 8:00,\*4:S0. 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked * run to San Quenttn.
I: n THROUGH TRAINS. , .
|;K a. m. week days for Cazadero and way sta- 1
tions; 1:45 p. m. Saturdays (mixed train) for
Duncan Mills and way stations; 8:00 a. m.
Sundays for Point Key us and way stations.
MOUNT TAMALPAI? SCENIC RAILWAY.
v : (Via Sausalito Ferry).
Leave San Francisco, commencing Novsm-
•%*r IS. 1897: :':■_:■ '■■ : . •
■ Week Days— »:86 a. m.. 1:45 p. in. ■■>•■:■■
flundays— B:oo, 10:00. 11:30 a. m.. 1:1» p. nv
Round trip from Mill Valley. IL
THOfV . COOK it SON, Agents. Cl MarkM
•Ueet, Baa Francisco. ?-;;• rr'^.v
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SAN FRANC I and NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFA.KL..
WEEK DATS— 9:00, 11:00 a. m.: ISA.
1:10, 6:10. 8. to p. m. Thursdays— Extra Urtjt
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at IM
and 11:30 p. m. "■- '
SUNDAYS— <:OO. 9:10, UM a. m.; I.M. I: is.
1:60, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL. TO SAM FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 1:60. 9:10. 11:10 a. ns.l
12:45, 3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip*
at 1:65 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:40. 11:10 a. m.: I:4*, I:4*.
t:00. 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Bcbnetsea Park
came schedule as above.
Leave ■[„ pfTpm* Arrive
San Frauclseo. o^ii* fan Franclaeq
— Week I Sun- r*-atiSatlon ' 1 Wee * ' —
Pays. I Sun- Tv»atmatlon I daya. ! days.
Days. days. ! r>e st ' n3 "on I days. ! days.
7:Soa.m. is :00a.m. 1 Norato, iTO:4oa.tn.l 8:40 a.m.
B:BUp.m. iy :30a.m. Petalnma. j 6:10 p.m. 10:23 a.m.
6:11 p.m. 3:Uop.m.' Santa Rosa. | 7:aop.m- :23p.m.
~~~ « Fulton.
7aoa.m Windsor. 10J5a.m.
Healdsbur?,
Lyttoa.
Geyßerrille,
7:Sop.m. S :ooa.m. ' Cloverdale. I 7:SSD.m. «:2To.m.
».•..;••>- 1 ■ IHopland and I w~ '
1 :Soa.m. S •00a.m. i Uklah. . [ 7:35 p.m. B:Mp.m.
i :30a- m. j j ~ ] 10:26 a.m.
3:00 a.m. Guernevllle. , 7:85 p.m.
8:30 p.m. I I f 6:23 p.m.
«JiOa.in. a':U)a.ra. Sonoma 10:40 a.m. 8:40 a.m.
ana
6:10 p.m. 5:00 p.m. Glen Ellen. ! 6:10 p.m. i 8:33 p.m.
7:Soa.m.jS:ooa.m.) Keb-at-noi 1 10 : 40 a.m.. m. 110: 253. m.
3 :Sop.m. 15 :00 p.m. l Seoas^PQ l - j 7:35 p.m. [ 7:2-.> p.m.
Stages connect' at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Fprings; nt Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers: at Hopland for
Highland Springs. Kelseyville. - Soda Bay.
Lakeport and Bartlett Springs: at Uklah for
Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes.
Laurel Dell Lake. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Buck*
Mil's.' Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle, Booavtlle.
Orr's Hot Springs. Mendodno City, Fort
Bragg Westport, tTsal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. * . ■ . .
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all polata
beyond Ban Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices— Market street. Chronicle
building.
A. W. FOSTER. ,-■■.: ■*•< ; R. "X. RYAN.
Pres. and Oen. Maaarar. Gen. Pass. Ait,
j^^^^SH CALIFORNIA
l^^UM^ll 1 LIMITED.
|E||^ SAN FRANCISCO
IMIWJI^MIj Chicago.
Leaves San Francisco at 4:80 p. m.
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
Carries first-class passengers only, but with-
out extra charge.
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Drawing-Room Sleepers,
ttt days to Chicago. 414 days to New York.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
Leaves daily at 4:80 p. ■ m.. carrying Pullman*
Palace and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars on
fast • time. Direct Conner* n ; - in Chicago and
Kansas City for all Eastern points. .
Trains air!"-- and depart from Market-street
Ferry. San Fran-.lsco ticket office, 6.1 Market
street. Chronicle building. Telephone M»ia
1620. Oakland office, 1113 Broadway. Sacra-
mento ofnc«. 201 J street. San Jose, 7 West
Santa Clara street.
THE SAN FRAN CISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
; VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 10. 1*37, trains: will run as
follows! - ■ - ■ ..•■ -: -> -.
Southbound, J I Northbound,
r&Bsea> ' Mixed '„,,„„, Mixed' Pas*?*
.get" Sunday Bt * a * M Sunday i ger
/Dally Kxo'p'U — — — • Exo'p'ti Pall*
J*l a.m. f .-01 a. m. Stockton 8:45 p.m. 5:40 p. m.
:10 a.m, lriw p.m. ■ Merced 12:60 p.m. 8:53 p.m.
31) 40 a.m. 8:50 p.m Fresno J:SOa-m. 2:20 p. ni
ll:4Ua.tn. 6:20 p.m. HantorJ rla a.m. ■ r.lj p.ta
Jiiljp.iti 6:4 a p.m VisalU 6:40 a.m. i2-.iUp.ia
btopping at intermediate pointso ints wnen requiral
LuiiutUioun- Ai .IUtM. ii ...in >iram3uau of
C N. & I. Co.. \ leaving > San Francisco and ;
Etockton at s < p. m dally: at Merced with
stages to and from Coultervllle. eta.;
also ( with state for Hornitoa. Martpoca. eta. i
at Lankersuun wlt» stag* to »ad boa littler*.
£ 35LAXLEOAD TRAVEL,
•OVTIII.HN I'A<lKir tOMPAKT.
(fAcinc irnn.)
Trains lt>nr«* null lire tint* to iirrlf* at
NAN 4 >«■!•»< O. ' .
(Haiti Line, Foot of Market Street)
tBAVK ■— From April 10. 1898. — arriti
•6:o©a Niles, San Jose aud Way Stations... •8:48*
7:OOa Ki-nicia, Suisun (nd Sacramento ... 10:4Sa
7:O«a MarysTille, OroTilleand Uedding »1»
Woodlaud Bt4sp
7:00 a Vacaville and Rnmsey 8:43r
?:3Oa Martinez. San Hamou, Valleja Naps,
Cali^tcga and Santa Rosa Bti.ir
8:OOa Atlantic Kxiiress, Ogtleu and Kast.. BiiZr
■ iIIOa Kili-R, Bau .lose, .Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Kuryimile, Caioo,
Tehama and Jte.l lllulT 4iiap
•8:80 a Teters, Milton anil Oakdale »7tlBr
»-.OOa New Orleans Kxprecs, Merced, Ray- > ' ■
moiul, 1 •■icFim, HakerslieNl. Haul*
JUriiara, l,i>s A n «>■!»•«, Demlng,
XI l'aso, New Orleans and East. 6t43r
O:OOa Vail, jo, Martinez, Msrced and
Fresno I»:1»P
•l:OOp Sacramento Hirer Steamers "9:O«p
J:O«r Niies, Sin Jcso and Way Stations.. •»:»»*
l:3Op Martinez ami Way SUtlont 7:45r
2:O0p Li»<*rmore, MeL-dota, llauford and
Vijalia 4ll8»
Llrermore, San Jose, Nilesand Way
Stations J10:13a
4:00 1- Martinez, Sail lUiiion, Vallejo,
Xnpa, GathtetA I"-' Verano and
Santa Itnaa »iIBA
4ioop Bmicia, VacaTil'.e, VVo oil land,
Knights Landing, Marysfflle, Oro-
rlll« hiul Saci.-iineiiti 10:49*
Ii8»p Nilrs, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton  7tlBf
4:30r Lathrop, Modesto, Meroed, Bereoda,
Fre-iuo. Mojuve (for lUiuUburg),
Santa ltarbara anil I. on Angeles.. -7i43a
4:SOp Santa ]•*» Itotite. Atlantic JCxpress
for Mojhto anil ICast «»48f
" Sunset Limited." Los Angeles, El
; ; /: . l'aso. Fort Worth, LitUe Rock, St.
!■•.:.<. Chicago and East JIOiISA.
<{3:3tlr " Suoset Limited Annei," El Paso,
New Orleans and Jfiast §10: 13 a
6>Aop KiiK.peiiu Mull, Og<k-n and Kti*t •t4-iA
oit»Oi> IU)«»h1h, Nilraunil San J05e...... 7i4»a.
t8:OOr Vallejo t7:43r
' 8:00r> Ort-Rou l{.iint-K.<<,Sarriiiiiento. Marys-
ville, Knl.liiis.'. I'ortlanil, I'liget
Sihiihl ami Knnt Bil3t
KA.\ LkiA.MiUO AMI II4IWAUOS LUtAI..
Foot of Market Street.)
« # 6:OOa ") . ~7 7: ISA
8:00 a letrose, Seminary Park, I»»i43a.
U:OOa _.. .:■■■■•_. : . ' lOM3a.
lO.ooa FH<-hbßr|t, klralnrtt, ii:ls A
<I1:OOa San Leandro, Sooth Bam l»:43
!l3l:00jtl Uandro.Kstudillo, <lt43»'^
* I.eaniiro. Kstmllllo, ;2:-i.tp
; » Lorcaxo, Cherrf ■ 'J : " F
4:«0p «3:43r
,1:OOp » l:i1 •*!•»
•JJJP Innards. ' Jjg*
s^r «B""« throng to Nile* »•«•*
HMliapJ ' 1tl»:00F
COAST l»l VISION (.NsrreiT «ange).
(Foot of Market Street.)
17>43a SaLU Crux Kxcurslon, Santa Cms *
and Principal Way Btartons JBiOs»
Bil3a Newark, OenterrflleSanJose.Felton.
Bou!d»r Creek. Santa Orui and Way
Stations Bi3»»
**il3r Newark. OeDterrille, San Jose, New
AlmadfD, Feltoa, Hruider Creek,
Santa Crus and Principal Way
Stations # Ioi3«a
4ilBp San Jos* and Glen wood HilOa
04i13r Bouldw Creek and Sacta Pros .. J»:9»a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
TnmSLX FRISCISCO — root *f Mi.ket Str««t^Slip 8)—
•7:16 0:t« 11:00 a.m. }l:00 *2:M 13:00
•4:03 tS:OO •e:OOr.M.
01IURD— *<>«t«rBro>ilwaT.— -6:09 840 10:00*. M.
112:00 '1:00 t»:03 3:00 tt:33. "3:00 p.m.
~~ COAST l>l VISION (BroadUauge). 5
(Third and Towuseiid 3U.)
•7i«Oa .Han .li>.i» ami Way SUti..i.« (New
Alinailen \Vriliiendiiya oiily) ...... liSOp
J7»SOa Sunday Excursion for Sau Jose,
S»i,t* Cms, P«clflo Orore . and
PrlDorpal Way Stations ISiSSp
•■••a h,in .Lisa, Ties riiiix, Santii Crux,
PaoiMc (ii.i»o l'»» > K.il.le«. Situ
ItHis ()lii»|«i. (iiisdalupe, Buif and
l'linolinU Way Citations .......... 4ilOr
lOi4Oa Bnu.liHicniul \V»y suii..n» ,, •Niito.
lli2Oa San Ji-se ami Way 8 ta>i0ii» .,,.... *Bi33a
•*i4Si- San Mateo, Redwood, Munlo Vark,
Santa Clara, Kan .1,.» , Qllroj
Hcillist^r. Hniiu On*.
Moutuiry »M.l l'ttcltlc i:ro»,, *I0:83a
■Sißftr Bati.l»s«, Santa Cru«. Paclfio Grove
anil Way fit»ti..n» *9:O<)a
• £JrtJ r San Joieaii.l Principal \V, iy atatioiis 9:43*
•SKM»i- 8»u Jot-am! I'riucipalWay Stations 6:33 a
5:30f Haii.l.^OKn.i l*rlucii>al Way SUtious oi3i»f
«:.tl»f Man Jose ami W»ySl»U.»u»... . 7-30»
Uli43p San .lose and Way 5tmi0in. ,,,,.... ?:UOr
A 'or Morning. - r / V Kir Aftem'oou. "
8u »V m* 'i" 1 '^ 1 - l8"1^*?*l 8 " 1^*?* »Dly, : t Satnnlays only
' ejTK° nd^ Ti Thuwday aud a»»nr.»s.y i,i s htj only? 7
r^?SfiSf* ' : " • 8 " n ! and Sundays.
* Saturdty^ j Sundays and Mom)
NEW WESTERN HOTEL, *N
KEARNY AND WASHINOTON i STSZ-R^
labeled and renovated. . XIX& WARD A
CO. European . plan. - Kooins BOc ; to |1 »oday»
»5 to *8 , mb :«8 to »30 rooathT^ tfrV baths: '
hot aad ©old water every room ; Ore crates IS
-* very room; elevator runs all nlnh*, *KRUTTSCHNITT ADVANCED.
General Manager of the Southern Pacific Promoted
to the Fourth Vice-Presidencu.
Julius Kruttschnitt, the newly elected fourth vice president and gen
eral manager of the Southern Pacific Company, San Francisco, was born
July 30, ISo4, at New Orleans, La., and graduated ..s civil engineer from the
Engineering School of Washington and Lee University of Lexington, Va.,
In lv 3. He entered the railway service in IS7S, since which time he has
been consecutively— July LISTS, to January, 1880 — engineer of the extension of
Morgan's Louisiana and Texas Railroad and Steamship Company; Janu
ary 1, ISSO, to April 1, ISSI, roadmaster of the western division, and April 1,
1881. to April 1, ISS3, assistant chief engineer and general roadmaster of the
same road. April l, ISS3, chief engineer and superintendent of Morgan's
Louisiana and Texas Railroad and Steamship Company; October 1, 18S5, to
July l, ISS9, assistant manager of the Atlantic system of the Southern Pa-
Company; July 1. 18S9, to October 1. 1896, general manager of the At
lantic system of the Southern Pacific Company; vice president of the Gal
veston, Harrisburg and San Antonio Railway and Texas and New Orleans
Railroad; president of the New York. Texas and Mexican, Gulf, Western,
Texas and Pacific, and Sabine and East Texas railways; October 1, 1595,
to date, general manager of all lines of the Southern Pacific Company.
"SINBAD" AT
THE TIVOLI
The Tivoll commenced Its silly season
lnst night with the new Easter piece,
■i. the Sailor." a typical Tivo'.i
burlesque, with everybody's music and
ly'a plot and no end of pictures,
dances, nonsense and noise. It Is the pol-
I the management to put on such
productions at regular Intervals and the
policy of its patrons to patronize them
handsomely— and as "Sinbad" is quite as
elabcrately and expensively gotten up as
nr.y of its predecessors, and the cast a
ne and a strong one, it is easy to
anucipate a popular run. Last night's
■ mance, In spite of the inevitable
jerks and drags of an opening*, was hi
rariously received by an audience that
led the doormat for space. After
once complimenting several of the scenic
sets, the costumes, the ballet and the ever
trusty chorus the applause all goes to the
Individual specialty work of the perf •rni
ers. wbo are the bulk of the entertain
ment. Turn follows turn with breathless
rapidity and in somewhat tactful va
riety. The spoken lines of the piece !
proper hardly ever are in evidence, which
Is doubly a good thine, since what little
there is of straight dialogue is even
worse than the usual Tivoli product.
U£ the big casl Carrie Koma, Edwin
Elevens. Thomas Leary and "Bob' Mitch
o, enji yed particular prominence. Mr.
Leary, as Tmbad the Tailor, Insisted <>n
his by rather more noise than was vital;
Mr. Mitchell's was thrust upon him by
two-thirds of the audience, who. having
come in the capacity of personal friends
and admirers, were not to be dissuaded
merely because the management had
been so shortsighted as not to supply
"Bob" with a large, plump part.
Mr. Mitchell and Mr. Branson are cast
as a team of tax collectors and general
utility comedians, and they have small
chance of glory until in the hitter part
of the second act, when they stuff a cap
ital comic duet. When Mr. Mitchell's
opportunity finally did arrive he parted j
■with his nervousness and met it admira
bly, singing and dancing with the easy
humor and genial personality that have
long stood him in valuable stead. After
all then; is but little difference between
a good amateur and a good professional.
In responsibilities no greater than his in
"Sinbad" Mr. Mitchell does not need the
applause ot personal friendship to point
hia success.
Mr. Stevens is an Irish mariner this
time, and entirely unlike hims.-lf in any
other personation. In singing the "Bogie
Man" he misses that mystical i
which Norman used to give the song,
through hurrying it, and his "invisi
ble drill" scene is not worth the while;
) • ! : these, and Castain Paul Jones
O'Scuttle is the best thing he has done
in many a day. Carrie Koma. an inval
uable woman in eccentric parts, scores
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DRUNKENNESS CURED
How One Woman Rescued Hep Hushand
From the Wretched Life He Led,
A TRIAL PACKAGE OF THIS MARVELOUS HOME
REMEDY MAILED FREE TO ALL WHO
WRITE FOR IT,
Can Be Given in Tea, Coffee op Food, Thus Absolutelu
end Secretlu Curing the Patient in a Short
Time Without His Knowledge.
There Is a cure for Drunkenness that has
■bed a radiance lr.to thousands of hitherto des-
olate flrsbldes. It does Its work so silently and
stealthily that while the devoted wife, sister
or daughter looks on, the drunkard la reclaim
e.i even against his will and without his
knowledge or co-operation. The discoverer of
this grand remedy, Dr. Haines. will send a
sample of the remedy to all who will write
f r It Enough of the remedy Is mailed free
m how it is used In tea, coffee or food
and that it will cure the dreaded habit quietly
arid permanently.
The effort of a devoted wife In Mt. Airy.
M C that saved her husband from the terrors
of alcohol Is well worth recording. She se-
cured a remedy known aa Golden Specific, a
powder to be mixed with coffee <£ food and
this fhe sorretly and faithfully pUve to her
husband. In a short time a wonderful change
overcame him and ehe wrote to Dr. Haincs
as follows:
"J fepl it my duty to thank you and Xv
thank God for inspiring some one with the
knowledge to cure that awful habit of drink-
ing. I am glad to say to-night that my hus-
band has net touched any whisky of no kind
since the week I pot that Golden New Life
(as it should be called) for it gives new life to
anyone. It has worked wonderfully, lam glad
V t-ny that my husband has made profession
of religion since that time so you may know
tl.at he is a new man. I can't thank you as
1 desire, I feel that I owe you many thanks
»nd also to God for leading me to get it tw>-
awse we have bad many a dollar, where we
the best single episode in the piece by
her imitations of Anna Held, which are
furiously comical. The rest of the cast
does well enough without requiring, sep
arate comment.
C. P. HUNTINGTON SPEAKS.
Distinctly Denies the Story That He
Is Opposing the New Charter.
A story has been printed that C. P.
Huntington, president of the Southern
Pacific Company, is fighting the new
charter for San Francisco. The Call,
deeming it advisable to ascertain if the
story had any foundation in fact, sent
a reporter to interview the railroad
president on the topic.
It was some little time before Mr.
Huntington comprehended the meaning
of the Questions addressed to him. He
said that he did not know that a charter
was pending and certainly had no no
tion of opposing a measure before he
underFtood its provisions. He remarked:
"I have had no consultation with Mr.
Herrin or any cither officer of the com
pany on this subject. Any charter that
is agreeable to the voters of San Fran
cisco will suit the railroad company. If
property interests generally are pro
tected by the pending charter, I presume
railroad property will share In the gen
era: m<.asur«? of protection. The people
of San Francisco evidently understand
the provisions of the proposed organic
act for the government of the city. I do
not understand that there is a proposi
tion pending to impair vested rights or
confiscate property. I apprehend that I
would be apprised of the fact If the
charter threatened to destroy property.
You can say distinctly that I have had
no conference with Mr. Herrin or any
one else connected with the company in
the matter of opposing or supporting the
proposed charter. The subject has not
been discussed or brought forward in
any form for consideration by the repre
sentatives of the Southern Pacific. We
can live under laws agreeable to other
property-owners."
Mr. Herrin of the law department of
the company was interviewed on the
same tonic. He denied without hesita
tion or qualification that he was oppos
ing the charter. He remarked: "1 have
had no conference on the subject of the
charter with C. P. Huntington. I have
not consulted with any of my associates
in the company on the subject. The
topic has not been discussed in my pres
ence and expression of my views as an
individual citizen has not been solicited."
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Xoonan, 1017- 1023 Mission.
Claims Against the Steamer Grady.
United States District Judge de Haven
yesterday rendered a decree awarding
$1046 44 to the Black Diamond Coal Mining
Company in payment of the company's
claim against the steamer H. C. Grady;
also $1450 to sailors and other claimants
■ r wages, supplies, etc.
I would not had cents, since that tlmo. I gave
it to him secretly for a while, then I told him
of It so now I don't mind letting my name he
published. I am going to recommend it far and
near, so with many thanks I close. Respect-
fully, AMANDA CARTER."
And such cures as these remain so perma-
nently, even the worst cases where the habit
seems to have blotted out the last remaining
spark of self-respect. There are thousands of
women who would make almost any sacrifice
to throttle the rum demon.
Tears and prayers are of no use. Pleading,
pledges, loss of social or business positions are
unavailing to stem the tide of absolute deprav-
ity. This famous remedy, Golden Specific, dis-
covered by Dr. Haines, has reunited thousands
of scattered families, it has saved thousands
of men to social and business prominence and
public respect; has guided many a young man
into the right road to fortune; has saved the
father, the brother, the son and in many cases
the wife and daughter, too. Such a Godsend
to the fireside should be known to everyone.
Dr. Haines is not a philanthropist In his own
estimation, and yet he is one of the greatest
benefactors to the family we know of. Upon
application to I>r. J. W. Haines, 218 Glenn
building, Cincinnati, 0.. he will mall a free
sample of the remedy to you. securely sealed
In a plain wrapper; also full directions how to
use it. books and testimonials and everything
needed to aid you In saving those near and
dear to you from a life of degradation and ul-
timate p"overty and disgrace.
Send for a trial to-day. It will brighten the
rest of your life.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APEIL 10, 1898.
BROUGHT BACK
FOR REPAIRS
The Steamer Corona Ar
rived Yesterday From
Pucjet Sound.
She Will Be Put on the Union
Iron Works Drydock.
at Once.
It Will Probably Take Two Months
to Get Her Reacty for Busi
ness Again.
The wrecked steamer Corona of the
Pacific Coast Steamship Company's line
arrived in port yesterday in tow of the i
Puget Sound tug Tyee. While on her
way from Seattle to Dyea and Skaguay
the Corona went on the rocks near Dixon j
Point Alaska. This was in January last I
and it took Captain C. Miner Goodall and ,
a party of divers and wreckers nearly I
two months to get her off the rocks, and
onto a sandy beach where temporary re
pairs could be made.
The work was much delayed, owing to ;
the fact that the wreck was in British
waters and only British tugs were al
lowed to render any assistance. While
the wreck was being towed to Victoria,
B. C, the British tug was cast off when
opposite Port Townsend and an Ameri
can tug immediately made fast and took
the Corona into Port Townsend. There
she was made ready for the voyage to
San Francisco, and five days ago the
start was made. It was a long, hard
pull, but the Tyee was equal to the emer
gency and brought the Corona In all
right. The work of repairing the ves
sel will be begun at once and Goodall,
Perkins & Co. expect to have her back
early next month on the northern route
i again.
The Tyee will not go back empty hand
ed. The tug Tiger wants a tow as far
as Cape Flattery and the Tyee will do
the work. The Tiger is to be used dur
ing the summer months as a tender be
tween St. Michael and the steamers run
ning up and down the Yukon. As she
has only a bay and river license she can
! not go to sea under her own steam, so
i she will be towed to the straits of Juan
I de Fuca and will then take the inland
1 passage to St. Michael. The Tiger has
I been dccked-in most securely and she
looks something like a whaleback as she
lies at Howard street wharf.
Eddie Hammond was arrested by Ser
! geant Mahoney of the Harbor police yes
| ttrday and charged with petty larceny.
1 Incidentally the lad's arrest is going to
get the officers of the Whitelaw AY reck
ing Company into trouble. Eddie stole
: a shackle wurth about $20 from the old
whaler Hunter, and taking it to \\ lute
'■ law's sold it for 3u cents. It was still on
i the scales when Sergeant Mahoney ar
i rived on the scene, but no record of the
i transaction could be found in the com
! pany's books. Consequently Sergeant
i Mahoney is going to teach somebody con
nected with the firm a lesson.
Purser Thomas Smith and Chief Officer
! James Ronnie 01 the steamer Alameda
' were treated to quite a surprise party
i yesterday. A delegation from the pas
sengers who came over on the steamer
i from Australia boarded the vessel and
presented Mr. Smith with a solid silver
inkstand and Mr. Rennie with a solid sil
', ver match box and a tobacco box. Each
; article bears a suitable inscription, and
: they were accompanied by a testimonial
thanking the two officers for their kind
! ness ana courtesy during the voyage.
The 10 a. m. ferry steamer from Tibu
ron brought over an ambulance in which
■ was John Donnelly, one of the oldest en-
I gineers in the employ of the San Fran
! Cisco and North Pacific Railway. Mr.
i Donnelly is thought to be suffering from
a fracture of the skull, and lie was at
once taken to St. Mary's Hospital from
the steamer.
The engine which Mr. Donnelly was
driving had been overhauled and a new
I shoe put on the brake. Wh^n the brake
1 was put on the shoe squeaked, and the
! engineer leaned out of the cab to see
i what was the trouble. The sunnosition
! is that he overbalanced himself and fell
| out of the fast moving engine, as when
I the fireman turned around to speak to
■ him he was gone. The train was at once
stopped and backed up until the unfortu
nate man was found near the track in an
unconscious condition. Engineer Don
1 nelly has been nearly twenty years in the
1 employ of the San Francisco and North
: Pacific Railway, and this is the first time
, that cither he or his engine has met with
; a mishap. .
The captain of the bark Edward May
! is having a great deal of trouble getting
! a crew. His vessel is going to VTadivo
i stok, and coasting sailors do not care to
take $20 a month when they can got more
running to the Sound. Captain Johnson
has secured one man out of seven, and
he has to employ a watchman to see that
the one does not run away. Monday the
! bark will be moved into the stream, and
then a vigorous effort will be made to get
tlif bark away.
The cigar-stand at 36 Market street and
L. Kaufman, who was in it at tho time,
1 had a narrow escape yesterday. The ad
joining lot is being excavated, and the
brick wall of the cigar-store was acci
! dentally undermined. Without a mo
ment's warning: it fell, and in Its fall
took nearly all the cigars with it. Kauf
man thought it was another earthquake
and made his escape iust in time. The
flooring began to follow the wall into the
excavation below, and he would have
gone with It had he not bef>n very quick
on his feet. All of yesterday afternoon
the cigarman did business in the fruit
stand next door, while a gang of men
were at work removing the wreck and
repairing the damages.
W. H. Hamilton, who until recently
was traveling freight agent for the Chi
cago and Northwestern Railway, was
taken to the Harbor Receiving Hospital
yesterday morning, partially asphyxi
ated. He was found in one of the com
pany's offices with the gas turned on.
Dr. Diggins worked over him at the hos
pital for an hour and finally saved his
life. Hamilton was later removed to his
home at 1269 Sacramento street, where
Dr. Diggins visited him during the after
noon, and now says he is out of danger.
Hamilton's friends scout the idea of sui
cide, and the patient himself says he
does not know how the gas came to be
turned on.
Injured by a Hack.
William Ambroffi was run over by ft
hack driven by Cerefino de Barberl at
Powell and Filbert streets last night. He
was picked up by Officer O'Connor and
taken to the Harbor Receiving Hospital,
where it was found that his jaw was
broken, his scalp badly laceratr-d and his
skull probably fractured. Ambroffi is a
laboring man residing at Vallejo and Du
pont streets, but for some time has been
out of employment. He is not expected
to recover. The hackdriver was arrested
and his name placed on the detinue book
at the Central Station pending an investi
gation.
Park Music To-Day.
To-day the Park Band will render the
following Easter programme:
March, "The Golden Jubilee" Eilerman
Overture, "Jubel" Weber
SNuite. "L'Arlesienne" Bizet
(a) Pastorale.
(n) Intermezzo.
(c) Farandole.
Oboe solo, "Sweet Spirit, Hear My Prayer"
••; ••••„•••-, Wallace
Mr. Apel.
Selections from the popular opera, "The
Serenade Herbert
Scenes from "Cavalleria IJusticana"
Masoagni
Flute solo, fantasia from "Traviata" Verdi
Mr. A. L.ombardn.
Descriptive, "In a Bird Store" (new) Orth
The lßtest Parisian novelty, "The Cham
pagne Polka" (by request).... Besancon
Sheriff Whelan Sued.
Mrs. Sadie L. Garratt commenced suit
yesterday against Sheriff Whelan and his
[ bondsmen to recover 52250. She claims
1 that the Sheriff levied upon personal
property belonging to her to satisfy a
judgment rendered in the Justices' court
agajnst William T. Garratt Jr. and in
favor of L. D. Munaon.
McKINLEY ON
THE 'PHONE
The President's Voice to
Be Heard at the Ma
sonic Festival.
Charles L. Patton Discusses the
Probable Outcome of His
Efforts.
To Look After the Widows and Or
phans of the Members a Tenet
of the Order.
President McKinley has consented to
give three patriotic speeches at the
coming Masonic Festival through the
medium of the phonos raph.
The telegram which was sent to
Washington asking this favor of the
C v 'ef Executive of the nation was met
with approval by him, and Californians
who visit the fete in honor of the wid
ows' and orphans' fund will have the
pleasure of listening to that voice which
in a short time will retrieve the honor
of Americans and forever stamp out
the dastardly inhumanity which Is no.v
being perpetrated upon the Cubans.
CHARLES L. PATTON, a Vigorous Worker for the Masonic Festival.
Although McKlnley has consented to
talk to the citizens of California In this
novel way he will not, however, talk in
the phonograph for a few days, as his
whole thoughts are at present concen
trated on national affairs.
The phonograph has been loaned to
the Masons by the Pacific Telephone
Company and will be sent to "Washing
ton at the expense of the company.
Charles L. Patton, a leading member
of the Masonic order and a firm worker
for the success of the festival, In dis
cussing the authenticity of the answer
made by McKlnley, confirmed the re
port by producing the telegraphic reclv
which was written by McKinley and
sent across the continent.
Another feature of the festival will
be a speech on the disaster of the
Maine by Captain Sigsbee.
The preliminary work for the fete
which is to be held in this city next
month in aid of " - Masonic Widows'
and Orphans' Home, situated at De
coto, is about completed. The organi
zation, to all appearances, is complete,
and the work of preparation is pro
gressing in a steady and thoroughly
satisfactory way. The principal bur
den has naturally devolved on the
members of the executive committee
who, without exception, have responded
to the calls that have been made on
the time that should have been de
voted to other work. They are as a
rule occupied with business and pri
vate affairs, but, in order to insure the
success of the undertaking, they have
very generously allowed private inter
ests to become entirely secondary to
the affairs of the festival.
On Charles L. Patton, the chairman
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CITY OF|B| PARIS
DRY GOODS COMPANY.
CLOATaneTSUIT
DEPARTMENT.
Ready-made Organdie Costumes, elegance and
style unsurpassed, at moderate prices.
Ready-to-wear Tailor-Made Gowns in exclusive
imported designs, a variety of which was never be-
fore displayed in this city.
Imported Fancy Capes in chiffon or open work
applique, the very choicest in the market.
OUR SPECIAL LEADER THIS WEEK.
Elegant Quality BROCADED BLACK SILK DRESS SKIRTS at $7.50, worth $10.50.
DRESSMAKING and TAILOR-MADE SUITS A SPECIALTY.
Don't Fail to Visit Our Elegant Millinery Department.
JUST RECEIVED— A complete assortment o? the Celebrated
REYNIER GLOVES, IN ALL SHADES.
Country Orders Carefully and Promptly Attended To.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, S. F.
UNION SQUARE.
and leading spirit in the fete, will rest
much of the success of the undertak
ing, and, in a considerable part, the re
sponsibility. He, however, is enthusi
astic over the outlook and applauds the
work done in the past. To make .the
assurance of success doubly sure he has :
worked most indefatigably night and
day', and is still laboring to create an ;
enthusiasm in the public mind for the
noble purpose for which the coming fes
tival is being planned.
"It is pleasing," he said yesterday, in
dipcussing the probable outcome of his
efforts, "to see with what good will
our labor is being appreciated. Not
only is the entire Masonic fraternity
with us, but the entire city, and I may
say, the State is in harmony with our
project."
"It takes up a great deal of time," he
continued, "and there are thousands of
other things to attend to, still as long
as it is for so worthy a cause I feel
sure that no one grudges the services
they are giving. It is one of the tenets
of Masonry to look after and care for
the widows and the orphans; and it
seems to members generally that the
completion of the Decoto Home will
enable us to do our duty in a more sat
isfactory way than we can otherwise
accomplish it."
As chairman of the executive com
mittee Mr. Patton has directed the j
matter of placing before the lo^es in ;
the interior the pri iect in its various
aspects. One of the most pleasing fea
tures of festival week will be *he re
newing of acquaintanceships, and as it j
is certain that many visitors will come ;
to the city fro. a the interior towns dur- j
ing the fete, it has been Patton's aim
to assure the country members a thor
oughly hospitable reception and a week
of gayety in which there shall be no
disturbing incidents.
The responsibility for securing the
heaviest donations from the larger
class of merchants has also fallen
much under Mr. Patton's direct super
vision, and the great meed of success
which has been met with has been de-
scribed from day to day. There will be
no cessation of work, however, until
the doors of the Pavilion are opened on
what is described as the "most striking
charitable event that has been held in
the city for many years."
MARTIN BEAT TERRILL.
The Cycling Race Was Slow and De
void of Any Particular Interest.
The much-talked-of match race be
tween "Plugger Bill" Martin, the Aus
tralian racer, and Bob Terrill of the Bay
City Wheelmen of this city, took place
yesterday afternoon on the Elmhurst
track.
The race -was for five miles, the con
testants starting from opposite sides of
the track. . , .
Arthur M. Boyden was accepted by
both riders as referee. .
The lirst mile was ridden at a steady
pace. Terrill's time was 2:28, while Mar
tin covered the mile in 2:30.
On the lap which registered the finish
of two miles, Martin completely, over
hauled Terrill. the latter apparently
urging upon his opponent the task of
taking pace. This, of course. Martin re
fused to do. and the next mile was rid
den at a regular plugging pace.
The fourth mile developed into a veri
table loaf, both riders being extremely
wary however, Terrill looking for an op
portunity to jump out on a bank and
Martin closely following his every move-
The fourth mile was finished at this
same snail's pace, and only when the bell
sounded for the last lap did the riders
liven up a bit. Terrill sprinted, with
Martin close behind, but Martin's, lead
was too great and he crossed the tape
on his side of the track a winner in
ifi*n
Prior to the event of the day a two
mile handicap race was contested by the
following well-known professionals: Har
dy Downing, scratch; Bert Crafts, 20
yards, and J. T. Hayes, 200 yards. .
" The start of the race was delayed
somewhat to permit of the arrival of
Downing, who had missed the morning
train from San Jose.
Downing won the contest in 4:421-5.
Crafts was second.
Democratic Campaign Committee.
A meeting of the campaign committee
of the Democratic party of San Fran
cisco took place in the parlors of the
Baldwin Hotel iast evening. Major P. J.
Hafney presided and J. F. McGovern
acted as secretary. The object of the
meeting was to arrange for a meeting
of the general committee, which is to
be held at Pioneer Hall to-morrow even
ing. At the meeting of the general com
mittee 460 members, representing the dif
ferent districts of the city, will be pres
ent and will arrange for a thorough re
organization of the different district clubs
and settle when and how the primaries
will be held.
Phi Gamma Delta Dinner.
The alumni dinner of the Phi Gamma
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
5, Paoson&Co's g,
SUIT CORING smT
NOW. BFKI " U . NOW.
GREAT VALUES IN
THAT LARGE WIN- .
DOW OF OURS.
Spring and Summer Suits
FOR
Men and Young Men.
Theucome in Plaids, Checks, Stripes and Solid
Colors.
TEN ROUND SILVER DOLLARS
FOR CHOICE, FIT AND PICK.
buy Doiionn jP Pn I BUY
your ir dlloUll (k ul! M your
SPRING BARGAIN HEADQUARTERS, ' SPRING
SUIT 200-204 KBARNY ST. SUIT
NOW. jsarßemember, 209-204 KEARNY ST. NOW.
it ilf '
/f If i ■ H_—^-— f
Paving occasion, fone'day, 'to^dictategto a stenographer in the business office
of one of the treat Philadelphia newspapers, I remarked that his duties must bo
tiresome and diiacult from being obliged to write down notes of what so many differ-
ent persons said and, therefore, compelled to accustom himself to all sorts of articula-
tion. Yes," was his -reply, "very few people "realize the exacting labor such a
■ position entails. A clear head is absolutely . necessary and the least illness often
: seriously affects the correct performance of my work. - For instance, I at one time
suffered from a stomach trouble brought on. I suppose, by eating cold lunches hastily,
as is necessary with me, and I finally felt that the trouble would break me up. Yoa
know a disordered stomach is invariably the root of any head trouble and of all
things a stenographer's head must be clear. I finally found an , effective remedy in
RIPANS TABULES which I saw advertised in our paper. They are magical in their
effects, and, .by the way, did you ever see anything of the sort put up in such superb
shape ? I have found that they seem to rectify nearly every all, for several of my friends
have taken my prescription of a Tabule now and then with results for which they have
heartily thanked me. The dull, heavy headaches I sometimes had are all gone now.
If I take dictation from a man who annoys me and makes me nervous I always tak« a
Tabule at the time, and if his breath is not sweet I give one to him."
A i^nr style racket oontatnlnir TOT tibuixs In a p»per carton (•without elaes) la now for sale «t not drsl
« ori^oariTKCWts. Thl» low-priced »ort Is intended for the poor and tho economical. ODodojen °f(B
ffJ^eVrtSrtoo! n» übule*) nan to h*cl by mall by wndir* t orfy-el£j« oontt to tfh;l:n>Aiis dam OB*.
Delta fraternity of the city was
given at Delmonico's last night to
the active members of the Delta
XI Chapter of the University of
California. E. W. Hill was toast
master and the following toasts were
responded to by various members: "Delta
XI Chapter," W. H. Houston; "The
Alumni," Brooks Palmer; "Our Frater
nity," F. V. Brooks; "Eastern Chapters,"
F. B. Dressl*; "Future Polfcy of Fra
ternity," \V. P. Humphreys Jr.; "Delta
XFa Past," J. H. Sehette. About forty
were present at the dinner and the even
ing 1 passed off pleasantly. A number of
college songs were rendered before the
guests dispersed.
Among the Siamese the curious cus
tom obtains of reversing the elbow joint
of the left arm as a sign of superiority.
The children of both sexes are trained
to reverse their elbow in this painful po
sition at an early age, if their parents
are persons of hisrh grades.
910
AMUSEMENTS.
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOQOOOOOO
O + .FRIEDLANOER, OOTTLOB A CO S THEATEFtS * O
I BALDWIN. '
° BEGINNING MONDAY NIGHT
° UOVT'Q IVEIA7
O liUll O COMEDY
© ENTITLED ■
! STRANGER
I STRANGER
1 IN ... .■'•••'-■• V. .-.•■'
s NEW YORK
*? PRESENTED BY
o HOYT AND McKEE'S OWN COMPANY.
© A SUPERB ORGANIZATION OF
© CLEVER COMEDIANS
"I AND PRETTY GIRLS.
° SUMPTUOUSLY STAGED AND
Q BEAUTIFULLY COSTUMED.
Q NOTE— This is not a success of last
q year nor of any old year, but is the one
p. greatest musical and comedy triumph
** of the present season in New York City.
(\ ■ — — —
o COMING "THE PURSER."
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOC
CALIFORNIA THEATER.-3 nights.
TUESDAY EVENING . . . APRIL 19
THURSDAY EVENING . . APRIL 21
SATURDAY EVENING . . APRIL 23
GRAND . OPERA . IN . ITALIAN
WALTER DAMROSCH— CHARLES A. ELLIS
Have the Honor to Announce the Premiere and Only Appearance of the
Pre-Eminent "QUEEN OF SONG." MADAME
Supported by the
DAMROSCH ■ ELLIS GRAND OPERA COMPANY,
— INCLUDING
SALIGNAC, CAMPANARI, TORONTA, MATTFELD,
VAN CAUTEREN, VIVIANI, CARBONE,
RAINS and VAN HOOSE.
REPERTOIRE INCLUDES ....
♦•TRAVIATA,"
"THE BARBER OF SEVILLE" and LUCIA."
Full Chorus and Orchestra from the Damrosch-ElHs Grand Opera Organization,
under the Direction of the Eminent Maestro, SIQNORORESTE BIMBONI.
The Sale of Reserved Seats Opens THURSDAY MORNING, April 14.
PRICES $7, $6. $5. $4, S3, $2.
ADMISSION to GALLERY $1. BOXES $40.
TVf^Tp j Residents of outside towns and cities desiring to hear MELBA can have
I'vlC • seats reserved by telegraph or letter up to Wednesday noon.
>5S*5S«5v San Francisco, Cal-, Estab. 1887
(§3 /ffif^Sw a S3 1 Sacramento, Cat., Estab. 1897
HI xw.i ftl 4fe> \k «1 Kansas City, Mo., Estab. 1897
GUSTAV y WALTER; ''Director General.
GRAND EASTER WEEK BILL COM £f T ",££f ig mDArt
NINETEENTH ANNUAL TOUR OF
BecognUed Everywhere as tte Strongest Traveling Vaadeville Combination.
MIs&HELENE MORA\k
I— ; FAMOUS E M BibeJ Pn l' Hmi,^ I W B**S IWM E. \. JThL '=C
22 ! The Eminently Renowned Lady Baritone. \ m
SMcINTYRE &IEATH -sca^; l
§ WILLIAMS & WALKER, lj
""* (The Real Colored Boys. Presenting Their Challenge Cake-Walk, as Done by Them 55
OC ,' for 32 Weeks at Koster & Bial's, New York. -h
§I OH A.S. X, SWEET «-, t^,. s
2 A g, e^'y iSf«?t?h n rSS e Thorn e & Carlton}^
i THE GREAT LAFAYETTE . . AJAX . . .3
M Fantasist and Mimic. I The Flexible Marvel. | •
MATINFF Tfl-DAY Siinriav Anril Ifith Parc vet an y seat, 25 C: Balcony, io C!
ITI I 111 L IU UHI) OUIIUaJ; MJJIiI I U til Opera Chairs and Box Seats 50c
GRAND EASTER OPENING OF HYDE'S COMEDIANS.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO. BALL.
MATINEES APRIL 13th and 15th.
EVENING OF APRIL 14th,
LITTLE
R/\LO7VY/\
SCHRAMM.
There Is no other musical genius before the
publlo either in Europe or America as truly
great and wonderful as this dainty little B-
year-old daughter of California. She holds
her audience spellbound and creates Irresist-
ible admiration.
Sale of seats begins to-morrow morning, i
o'clock, ' at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s.
Pricc<»-SI.OO. Children sOc.
UNION COURSING PARK.
SUNDAY, APRIL 10.
2 GREAT STAKES C 2,
48— OLD DOGS— 4B
16— PUPPIES— 16
Train leave* Third and Towr.send sts.: Sat-
urdays — 11:30 a. m., 12:55 p. m. Sundays ll
a. m., 11:30 a. m.. 1:30 p. m. Valencia st., 5
minutes later. Returning:, leave the park 5
p. m. and immediately after last course. San
Mateo electric cars every 10 minutes.
BASEBALL I
CENTRAL PARK.
TO-DAY AT 2 P. M. . v\"
PACIFIC STATER BA3I2BALL LEAGUE.
CHAMPIONSHIP GAMES PACIFIC
COAST.
SACRAMENTO . (Gilt Edges) v«. OAKLAND.
ADMISSION. :sc.
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT.
Now open every ftandar during the season.
Music, Dancintr, Bowling, Boating, Fishing
and other amusements,
nefr<«eJini<»nti! Nt city pHeen. lfar«. - round
trip. -'■■•: - Children, 1". : including admission
to grounds. • .
-THIi: HTCAMBn UKIAH— '
Will lear« Tiburon Kerry At 30:30 ». m., U:\6.
I and 4 p. m. Returning, leave El Campo »i
11:12 a, m., 1, i And 5 v. m.
" COLUMBIA. '
TO-NIGHT (SUNDAY) "
POSITIVELY FINAL PERFORMANCES
MR. JAMES A.
HERNE
In His Original Creation of
NATHANIEL BERRY
In His Beautiful Comedy Drama,
Shore
Acres
Direction of Henry C. Miner.
The Columbia has given a dollar and a
half performance for a dollar, for "Shore
i Acres" Is the only genuinely American
, play on the stage.— Examiner.
. MONDAY. April IS— MARIE JANSEN In
"DELMONICOS AT SIX."
IOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOC
THE PASSION PLAY,
Reproduced From Life at
Y. M. C. A. HALL.
Mason and Ellis streets,
Every Afternoon and Evening, at 2:15 and 8
• - - o'clock.
Commencing MONDAY EVENING, April 11
The entire "Passion Play," as enacted at
Oberammergau and Harltz, Austria, by per-
mission of the Austrian Government.
Lectures by the Rev. B. CROOK. The exhi-
bition is interspersed with appropriate vocal
solos and orcan recitals, under direction of R.
POWELL EVANS; Prof. Lucy, organist.
Admission, 25 cents; children. 15 cents; num-
bered reserved seats. 50 cents; reserved by mall
or "phone. Afternoon, any seat 25 cents; child-
ren -15 cents. . ; .;. :: : ~. i
{RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Winter Meeting. 1897-98. Beginning MONDAY.
April 4. to April IS Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
RACIN9 MOOT) AY. TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY. <■
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
RACES START AT 2:15 P. M. SHARP. -
Ferry boats leave San Francisco a-t 12 m. and
12:30, 1:00, 1:30, 2:00, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connect-
ing with train stopping at the entrance to
track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m.. and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., Pres. ■
R, B. MILROY. Secretary.
BASEBALL!
CALIFORNIA , LEAGUE CHAMPIONSHIP.
RECREATION PARK,
Eighth and Harrison Streets.
SUNDAY. APRIL 10. AT 2 P. M. '
FRESNO VS. SAN FRANCISCO.
(Formerly California Markets.)
Admission. 25c. . Children. 100
OLYMPIA— ***** £'™/ nd
Eddy Strt*!*
America' ■ most beautiful Mublo HalL
GRAND EASTER BILL; MANDOLA, master
of equipoise; ELL WOOD, female impersona-
tor; CARLTON SISTERS. Trilby dancers;
TUNISON, oporatlc star; INEZ Si ANTOIN-
ETTE and others. Matinee to-day. Admis-
sion free. ... .
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USB DAMXANA BITTBM, CtU
grew Mexican JUm*4jr> elves btalta m 3
•uentrtb to the wxu*i «*•»..
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APBIL 10, 1898.
1 CALIFORNIA. |
BEGINNING TO-NIGHT (SUNDAY) o
THIS FAMOUS AUTHOR-ACTOR, "
EDWARD °
HARRIGAN s
AND A BELECT COMPANY, "^
Presenting lII* Mcsterpleca, ©
OLD I
LAVENDER i
Under the management of W. J. Hanlejr. ©
The most successful character play ever ©
written by Mr. Harrigan, and In which he n
has appeared over 1000 times. All the JT
original songs and music by Dave Braham; O
also Introducing two new compositions, f\
"Don't Tell Maria," "She's My Olrl," by w
George F. Braham. O
PRICES 15c, 26c, 60c, 75c. Q
A Good RaieiTtd Sett on Lower Floor, 600. Vf
O
COMING MELBA. q
1000000000000000000
ALCAZAR THEATER
THIS SUNDAY NIGHT.
Farewell and Last Time of
.*. JANE .'.
TO-MORROW (MONDAY) NIGHT
And During Entire Week.
"CHARLEY'S AUNT" RIVAL.
THE STRANGE
ADVENTURES OF
MISS BROWN.
A Spicy Up-to-Date Farce.
HER RECORD-
150 NIGHTS IN NEW YORK.
800 NIGHTS IN LONDON.
400 NIGHTS IN PARIS.
200 NIGHTS IN BERLIN.
( PRICES 15c, 25c. 35c, BOc.
BARGAIN MATINEE EVERY SATURDAY.
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
Walter Morosco Sole Lessee and Manager
Last Two Performances of
"HANDS ACROSS THE SEA."
COMMENCING TO-MORROW. APRIL 11,
Magnificent Spectacular Production of the
■ ;' Great French Drama,
PAVEMENTS
PARIS!
GRAND TABLEAUX— BATTLE OF FOR-
BACH, FRANCO-PRUSSIAN WAR— PARIS '
BY MOONLIGHT— THE FAMOUS PONT
NEUF— THE RIVER SEINE — EXCITING
PLOT— PARISIAN CLEVER- COM-
EDY.
Evening Prices— loc, 25c. 50c.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Una. Ebxjesxixk Kkki.ixg. Proprietor & Mana**.-
THIS EVENING—
Our Spectacular Easter Burlesque,
SINBAD THE SAILOR !
An Arabian Nights' Dream of Loveliness.
A SUPERB CAST— BEAUTIFUL SCENERY
ENTRANCING BALLETS.
Appropriate Accessories. Brilliant Light Ef-
fects. ■
The most perfect homo production ever of-
fered.
POPULAR PRICES— and 50c.
Box office always open. No telephone.
SAN FRANCISCO SYMPHONY SOCIETY,
FRITZ SCHEEL, Musical Director.
TENTH CONCERT.
I Tivoli Opera-house, THURSDAY AFTER-
i NOON, April 14, at 3:15 o'clock. Programme:
I Symphony C, dur. (Schubert); symphonic i
; poem, "The Ratcatcher of Hammelin" (Ur-
ban): Venusberg music, Bachanale (Wagner);
Paris edition.
Prices, including reserved seats, Jl 50, $1 and ;
75 cents. Sale of Seats commences at the i
Tivoli Opera-house Monday morning. April 11. |
| EXHIBITION OF ANIMAL TRAINING
From 10 a. m. to 2 p. m. Dally at the
ZOO IN THE CHUTES.
"WALLACE." THE "UNTAMABLE LION,"
Subdued by CAPTAIN CARDONO.
AND ATTRACTIONS WITHOUT NUMBER.
Open Dally from 10 a. m. to 11 p. m.
SPECIAL!
j Two Afternoon Performances To-day at 2 and
4 o'clock. Doors open at 1 p. m.
10c to all. Including Zoo, etc. Children. Sun-
' days and Holidays, 10c. j • •
BALDWIN THEATER.
TO-NIGHT (SUNDAY) Last Performance.
M-N-N-A H-E-L-D
And the Roaring Farce, "A Gay Deceiver "
Monday— Hoytß "A STRANGER IN NEW
YORK.' '
B. H. PAUL'S
NEWLY ARRIVED
COLLECTION,
|; ANTIQUE, RARE- AND FINE
TURKISH D l lO 0
PERSIAN nllhl)
With his last . stock, before his departure to
Alaska,
WILL BE CLOSED OUT AT UNRESERVED
AUCTION
COMMENCING TUESDAY, APRIL 12
DAILY AT 2 P. M.,
At 106-108 Grant aye., between Post and Geary.
As ©very rug will be sold out regardless of
cost, a life-time chance to buy genuine goods
at your own prices. ■-■■■■
N. E. CLERK, Auctioneer.
A MAGICAL ™ D MCM
TREATMENT hUK MENI
Lost vitality, Nervous or Sexual Weak-
ness ■positively and permanently cured.
The STATE MEDICAL COMPANY is an,
incorporated company with a ? capital of
$250,000 with which to make Rood their
claims. Competent, , regular physicians,
every one of . them specialists in their
line., "We : ask ; no money In advance; de-
posit -It with your . banker to be paid to
us when you are cured— not before. Our
charges are reasonable and you obtain a
permanent cure or we forfeit $100 if we
fall. Write for valuable information and
positive proofs of our assertions. " *
THE STATE MEDICAL COMPANY,
Suite 908 Ramie Blk. '•> Omaha, Neb.
a.DEWEY,SrRONB&CD^S!^
nKsaaxaJBBBiMQSBHaaBBovr Vj^
PATENTSi J)
ajßjajtMMaaaajßjßßaßßajßiavJS' c »>#
330 MARKET ST. SJt.^SSr
CALIFORNIA
TAKES THE
FIRST GAME
Stanford Played Well
but Dame Fortune
Smiled Not.
Young of Palo Alto Makes
a Remarkable Hit for
a Home Run.
Sensational Catch of Hoag and
Double Plays Were
Features.
ON OTHER DIAMONDS.
A Dull Gamo at Central Park In
Which There Were Many-
Errors.
It was a beauty In baseball parlance,
running- a white line through the center
of the plate, and Mr. Young of Stanford,
towering aloft in his red sweater, just
ate It outright. California had just scored
live runs, and the sweat of anger was
glistening on Young's head. He swung
around and made connections with the
ball on the right spots, both of the sphe
roid and the stick. The leathern sphere
went up and out. It did not stop on its
mad career until It had leapt over the
far fence-, running parallel with Eighth
street. Young's hit is now scored as the
longest aerial flight made on the Recrea
tion grounds, and Stanford is groaning
that bases were devoid of red shirts when
the phenomenal drive was registered.
The first game of the series of three was
attached by California. Seven men wear
ing blue and gold uniforms coursed the
bags to the home plate; three clangs of
the gong tallied as many runs for the
cardinal, and that is why joy reigned in
one camp last night and sorrow in th*
other. Stanford was unattended by the
fair goddess. Fortune, her usual escort
on the athletic field, and that is why she
lost. The men from Palo Alto found no
difficulty in deciphering Kaarsberg's
curves. Eleven base hits was their por
tion, but they came at the wrong time.
On the other hand California made the
most of every opportunity. Her fielding
was undoubtedly superior to that of her
opponent and the men played as If they
knew the game.
in the first inning California came to
the bat and went to the tield without
anything happening. Stanford began well,
sending Wight across the plate after two
men had retired. Then came California's
opportunity to return the compliment.
Bride, hit by the pitcher, opened the
game. By a sacrifice bunt of Hoag's he
made second, from which base he came
home on a hit by Kaarsberg to right.
The next two men were quickly retired.
This tied the score, which remained un
changed until the last of the third, when
Swindells won for the red first by a hit
of his own, and then aided by .Lougheed's
hit to right and a wild throw of Collins
from right field to Bride on first. Score,
Stanford 2, California 1.
Then came a deluge and an upheaval
at the same time, and both conspired to
topple over Stanford's athletic Idols and
then treat them to a blue and gold im
mersion. The inning began by Bride's
arm coming in the way of the ball. He
stole second and went to third on Hoag'a
hit to left field. Hoag took second on a
passed ball, and Kaarsberg ruffled the at
mosphere three times, but could not find
the ball. McLaren went to first on balls
With the bags full. Baer stepped to the
plate. A short, sharp hit to Harris, who
juggled it in his nervousness, sent Bride
and Hoag home and further dallying with
the ball allowed McLaren to reach third
and Baer second. McCabe hit to Swin
dells, who. after a hard run, failed to
assimilate the ball, and McLaren scored,
Baer taking third. A passed ball and
Baer scores, McOa.be going to third. Then
Mem followed with a hit to Lougheed,
who fumbled, and McCabe scored, making
the boards read ti — 2 In favor of Cali
fornia.
Stanford here started well when they
came to the bat, following this cornucopic
outpouring of runs. Young then made j
his beautiful long drive, but that was j
the last of Stanford's tallying and the j
rooters in Cardinal are now untrue to i
their colors if their feelings are anything ■
of an index.
In the last of the seventh with the
score 6 to 2 against them Stanford start
ed the ball rolling. A double play of
McLaren, to McCabe to Bride, retired two
men. Young got first on a hit followed
by Strohn with a two-bagger. Harris saw
an open space between second and Hoag
in center Held and tried to drop the ball
there, but Hoag running with might and
main found the ball not an inch above !
the ground. His impetus forced him
into a gymnastic and acrobatic perform- !
ance, but despite a catenation of somer- j
saults he clung to the ball. In the ninth I
inning California scored again, making
the boards read 7 to 3.
The complete score is as follows:
Stanford— . AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Lougheed, 8. ■ 5 0 2 0 4 10
Murphy, 1. f 5 0 1110 0!
Wight, c. f 4 1 1 0 1 0 0
Beckett, p 5 0 1 0 0 3 0
Young, lb 5 1 2 0 10 1 0
Strohn, c 3 0 2 1 8 1 0
Harris, 2b 4 0 0 1 3 4 1
Klauber, 3 b 4 0 1 0 0 0 2
Swindells, r. t 4 1 1 0 0 0 2
Totals 39 3 11 3 27 10 5
California— AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Mem, c 4 l 2 1 6 0 0
Chesebrough, 1. t 5 0 0 0 3 0 0
Collins, r. f 4 0 10 2 11
Bride, lb 3 2 0 1 14 0 0
Hoag, c. f 3 i i 0 1 0 0
Kaarsberg, p 3 0 10 0 2 0
McLaren, 2 b 3 1 0 0 0 2 1
Baer, 3 b 4 1 0 1 0 3 0
McCabe, s. s 3 1 0 0 1 4 3
Totals 32 7 5 8 27 12 6
Runs by Innings.
California 0 1060000 I—7
Base hits 0 111000,0 2— 5
Stanford 1 o 1 1 0 0 0 0 o—3
Base hits 1 0 2 2 12 3 0 o—ll
Summary: Home run — Young. Two-base hits
—Beckett. Sacrifice hits— Hoag, McLaren.
Beckett. Base on errors— California. 3; Stan
ford, 3. I :>is-s on balls— California, 4; Stan
ford, 2. Left on bases— California, 6; Stanford,
11. Struck out— By Kaarsberg, 6: by Beckett,
7. Hit by pitcher— Bride, 2; Collins. 1. Double
plays— Collins to Bride, Lougheed to Harris to
Young, Murphy to Harris, McLaren to Mc-
Cabe to Bride. Passed balls— Strohn, 3. Wild
pitches— Kaarsberg, 1; Beckett, 1. Time of
game — Two hours. Umpire — Charles Geggus.
Official scorer— A. Haslacher.
PLAYED RAGGED BALL.
Oakland Lands Another Game
From the Olympics— Egan's
Long Home Run Hit.
Oakland defeated the Olympics at Cen
tral Park yesterday after two hours and
a half of listless playing, in which errors,
ragged fielding and base hits predomin
ated. Knell, in eight innings, was touched
up for seventeen hits, - while "Heney"
Krug managed to ' fan thirteen men out,
af.:e:- giving his opponents eight buses on
balls. Egan's home run hit to the center
field fence was the longest made on the
grounds in many seasons. ; Bliss distin
guished himself by making a star running
catch. Following is the score:
Oakland— . AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
O1O 1 Kane, 2b 4 0 10 4 3 0
Hammond, c. ........ 61 1 112 11
Krug, p.... 6 3 3 0 0 10
Pyne, c f... ..5.1 2 1 1 0 0
Egan. b. b.. ......... 5 110 12
Croll, 1.f.. ........... 5 4 :,- 4 0 00 1
Gollnskl, 1b... .6 140 6 0 0
Dunleavy, :r. f 5 0 10 0 0 1
Brockhoff, 8b........ 6: .l. o 0 1 1-0
;T0U11,,.,»......,.,« 13 17 1 27 ■;1] 6
Olnnplo— AB. R. BE SB. PO. A. E.
Knell, p.............. « ■ 1 10-000
White, 2b........ 8 2 0 14 10
Hildebrandt, 1. «.... 8 1 1 0 8 10
Bliss, c. I 4 I 1 0 8 0 0
Fitzpatrick, r. t.... B 0 1 0 0 0 0
W. Mertes. lb 5 0 10 6 11
Johnson, 8b.......... 6 .0 1 0 1 4 8
Scott, c 4 0 10 9 3 0
Smith, a. a ...... 8 1 • 1 0 J 5 8
Total! « 8 9 1 27 17 1
Runs by Innings.
Oakland ...............1 0 10 0—
Base hit 5...... 22122323 o—l7
Olympic 1 00001302—7
Base hit 5...... 1 0010122
Runs responsible for— Krug 1, Knell 3. Home
run— Egan. Two-base hits— Krug, Croll, Gos
linski (2), Dunleavy, Knell; Scott. First base
on errors — Oakland 6, Olympic 6. First base on
called Oakland 2, Olympic 8. Left on
bases— Oakland 7, Olympic 12. Struck out— By
Krug 13, by Knell 6. .- Double play— Smith to
White. . Passed balls— Hammond -8. Scott 1.
Wild pitches— Knell 2. Time of gam*— 2 hours
20 minutes. Umpire— Creamer.
FOR THE CHAMPIONSHIP.
Fresno and San Francisco to
Play To-Day at Recrea
tion Park.
At Recreation Park this afternoon the
Fresnos and San Franciscos of the Cali
fornia League will play a regular cham
pionship game. Both teams have been
materially strengthened during the week,
and are capable of wrapping up a high
class article of ball. Free cars will run
as usual from Eighth and Market streels
to the grounds. A band will be in attend
ance, and just before the game President
McPike will raise the national colors on
the flagpole that has just been raised. The
make-up of the teams is as follows:
Fresno. Position. San Francisco.
To wney Pitcher Stone or
J. Murphy
Snyder or Catcher Stroecker
Henry.
Held First Base Murphy
Kelly Second Base Krug
MoLaughlin Third Base Brockoff
Courtney Shortstop Dahlan
Ferguson Left Field Hearty
Navall Center Field Connelly
Britton Right Field Lee
Donahoo Extra Barry
Corbett Will Not Play.
The management of the Pacific States
Baseball League are desirous of correct
ing a statement made by mistake in one
of the daily papers yesterday to the ef
fect that James J. Corbett was to play
first base with the Oaklands at Central
Park to-day. This is the last Sunday
Mr. Corbctt expects to spend in California
for some time to come, and he is anxious
to spend some time with his family, and,
therefore, declines to appear on the dia
mond. Following will be the line-up in
to-day's game:
Sacramento. Positions. Oakland.
(Gilt Edges.)
Stanley Catcher Hammond
Harvey Pitcher Steftanl
Shanahan First base Eaga n
Hughes Second base Ward
Peoples Thirl base Brockhoft
Loch head Shortstop Krug
Borland Left field Croll
Doyle Center field Pyne
Dennle Right field Gosllnskl
WORTHLESS BONDS.
Edwin Lewis, Capitalist, Again in
Prison for Perjury.
Edwin Lewis, capitalist, who was or
dered into custody Thursday by Judge
Troutt, as his bonds were not considered
sufficient, was arrested yesterday after
noon by Policeman Bunner and taken to
the City Prison. He was later removed
to the County Jail. •
Lewis was indicted by the Grand Jury
on March 3on a charge of perjury. He
was one of the sureties on a bond for the
release of Joseph Dougherty charged with
grand larceny and qualified on a block
in the Western Addition which Bond In
spector Newman found did not belong to
him. The other surety on the bond was
Phillip Reichert, one of th? professional
bondsmen on the bond of Attorney A. M.
Holliday, who has tied from the city.
After Lewis had been arrested on the
charge of perjury, Reichert and Thomas
King, another professional bondsman,
went on his bond, which Judge Troutt
declared worthless.
Wanted to Be Supervisor.
At the last election in Sacramento M.
"W. Smith and J. W. Thomas were rival
candidates for the office of Supervisor of
District No. 3. According to the returns
Thomas was elected by a small majority
of votes, but Smith made a contest. The
lower court found that 346 votes were
counted by the Board of Election for
Thomas and 342 votes for Smith, and
that the Board of Supervisors had can
vassed said votes and returns and de
clared the defendant elected, and issued
; to him a certificate of election. The result
i of the trial was. and the court found,
"That plaintiff and defendant each re
ceived, and were entitled to have counted ,
for them. 343 legal votes cast at said elec- I
tion," and as a conclusion of law "that j
plaintiff take nothing by this action." Af- j
ter reviewing the testimony taken in the ;
lower court, the Supreme Justices affirmed
its judgment and order.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Norman. 1017-1023 Mission.
Haynes Murder Case.
When the case of Theodore Park
Haynes, charged with the murder of Lieu
tenant Burke, was called in Judge Con
lan's court yesterday morning to go on
with the defense, it was by consent con
tinued until to-morrow morning. The de
fendant is anxious to testify, but his at
torneys are fighting against it, and do
not wish to put In any defense until the
case comes up for trial in the Superior
Court.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Free Ueial Treaimem
lor Weal
Who Are Willing to Pay When
Convinced of Cure.
A scientific combined medical and
mechanical cure - has been discoverec !
for "Weakness of Men." Its succesj j
has been so startling that the proprie- ]
tors now announce that they will send
it on trial— remedies and appliance— ;
] without advance payment — to any hon-
I est man. .
\ If . not all that is claimed — all you J ■
| — send it back — that ends it — paj
nothing 1 ■ % '
* ' X
No such offer was ever made in good
faith before; we believe no other rem-
i edy would stand such a test.
This combined treatment cures quick-
! ly, thoroughly and forever all effects oj
early evil habits, later excesses, over-
work, worry, ■ etc . It r creates health,
strength, vitality, sustaining ' powen
and restores weak and . undeveloped
portions' to natural dimensions and
functions.
. . Any man writing in earnest will re-
ceive description, particulars and ; ref-
erences in a plain sealed envelope.
Professional confidence. * No deception
nor imposition of : any nature. A na-
tional reputation backs this offer. (Cut
out and -" send this notico, or mention
paper.) Address
HUE MEDICAL CO.. BonijO,N.y,
ADVERTISEMENTS. __^^^~
■MB * R HdBH 1 ■ BW B WB >V Lftf g| up fc a Rvjfcvjfßl
Braces Body and Brain.
/ -"A, LA, ''111 | i |n ii I
■ Coca- DU plppl
t^. Francsla W|| j§ I :
i >v:^9 fS lillilJr
I < boulevard Haj||fff ■
FOR OVERWORKED MEN, DELICATE. WOMEN, SICKLY CHILDREN,
Yin Marian! is indorsed by the medical faculty all over
the world. it is specially recommended for Nervous Troubles,
Throat and Lang Diseases, Dyspepsia, Consumption, General
Debility, Malaria, Wasting Diseases and La Grippe.
SOLD AT ALL DRUGGISTS. REFUSE SUBSTITUTIONS.
YIN MARIAN! GIVES STRENGTH.
SPECIAL OFFER— To all who write mentioning the SAN FRANCISCO
CALL we send a book containing portraits and indorsements of EM-
PERORS, EMPRESSES, PRINCES, CARDINALS, ARCHBISHOPS and other
distinguished personages.
MARIANI & CO., 52 WEST 15TH STREET, NEW YORK.
Paris — 41 Boulevard Haussmann; London — Mortimer Street: Montreal— 2S-30 Hospital St.
OCEAN TRAVEL. ?f
AMERICAN LINE
To England and the Continent. .
RED STAR LIINE
To Antwerp. -
EMPIRE LINE
. \ To Alaska.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.
REMOVED TO
130 Montgomery St.
EMPIRE LINE.
Steamers Ohio. Pennsylvania, Illinois, Indi-
ana, 3400 tons, Conemaugh, 2400 tons (formerly
In the trans-Atlantic service of the American
! line), appointed sailings from Seattle.
S. S. Ohio. June 15, S.S. Indiana, June 22.
| S. S. Pennsylvania June 29, for St. Michael.
connecting with company's fleet of new and
i modern steamers and . barges on ; the Yukon
River, through to Dawson City and ' Interme-
| diate points: For passage and freight apply to
! International Navigation Co, 30 Montgomery
street. *
i Or any of its Agencies.
PHPHlfltfl The ALAMEDA
■ ■HnIL sails via Honolulu and
rfi aBBW Auckland for Sydne>
■ -\^ — 1' "Wednesday, April 2u,
©i><".l."/N at 2 p. m.
SlriiniSnlDJ s - S - ZKALANDIA.
CyitaillJlllU fOl . HONOLULU only.
>>yiif/\Jlw^ 2p. m. Special party
rates.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa. .
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents.. .
114 Montgomery street. .
Freight Office — Market St.. San Francisco, j
Oompagnie Generate Transatlantique.
French Lin© to Havre.
Company's Pier (new) 42 j<orth >jjfl»
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers 'trTvjTj*
by this line avoid both transit by * SB ** K *
English railway and the discomfort of crossing^
the channel In a small boat. New York to
. Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris, first class. $160;
■ i second ■• class. $11*1.
I LA NORMANDIE • April 16. 10 a. m.
' LA GASCOGNE ................April 28, 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE April 30, 10 a. m.
• LA BOURGOGNK May 7, 10 a. m.
j LA TOURAINE May 14, 10 a. m.
1 : For further particulars apply to ■ •• . .
| COMPAGNIE - GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
1 ' No. 3." Bowliiuir Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents. 6 Montgomery .
1 aye., San Francisco. .■-■.•.■ .-.-;■ '.
j FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montieello"
' Mon.. Tues, Wed, Thurs. and 5at...,,..,
9:48 a. m, 8:15 p. m. (S:3O p. m. ox. Thurs.)
, Fridays 1 it. m, and 8:S0 p. m.
| Sundays ,10:30 a. m. and 8 p, m.
, I Landing and Offices— Dock. ; Pier 2.
I r '■■■■'-''-' Telejhowe. Red 8«<1.
i FOR SAN JOSE, LOS GATOS and SANTA CFU2
I Steamer, Al vivo leave* Pier I do.i.'y (Sunday*
nceepted) at 10 a. m.; Alvlio dally (Saturdays
jxceptßdVat 5 p. in, IFre!aht1 Fre!aht an.t ££*•»££
fare between San Francisco and r' AlytseTW;
i IS Saa Jose, . 750. . Clay street. Pier 1. el NorUi
1 i Pint street, Sao Jose,
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
' I3^!>b^_ Steamers leave Broadway
nr^SK^h. wharf, San Franciaco:
JWT^^s^ For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
aIfcACT April 1, 6, 11. 16, 21. 26, May L
' stfS&3Ss 3&1 tr:ir ' s fer at Seattle.
ij >B^«kZ!S«<gsi» For Alaskan ports (from
r^**E^i^i\ Spear Ftrcet wharf), 10 a. m.,
April 8. IS, 23, May 3, transfer
~ "** at Portland, Or. ;;
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C). Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett. . Anacortes and
New Whatcom (Wash.). 10 a. m., April 1, 6,
11. 16, 21, 2C. May 1, and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Seattle with this com-
pany steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.. at
Tacoma with N. P. Ry., at Vancouver with
C. P. Ry.- .
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m,
April 2, 8. 14, 20, 26, May 2, and every sixth
day thereafter.
• For Santa Cruz, Monterey,- San Simeon,
Cayucos, Port Harfcrd (San Luis Obispo),
Gaviota, Santa Barbara, Ventura. Huer.eme.
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a.. ■m.; April 3. 7. 11. 15. 19,.23.:27.
May 1, and every fourth day thereafter. ••-- * |
For San Diego, stopping only at Port liar-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara,' Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (I>os Angelea), 11
a. m.. April. 1. 6, 9. 13, 17.. 21. 25, 29. May S. and
every fourth day thereafter. ■ ■ • ,
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Pas. Santa Rosiv-
lia and Guaymas- (Uex.\ 10 a. m, April U,
and ">A of each month thereafter. ■_ • ■
The company reserves the right to change
• without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of sailing.
TICKET OFFICE— NNcrw r Montgomery street
• (^OOTAIl eI WKmS * CO Gen. Apt...
10 Market street. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m. ."
riQC $12 First Class Including Berth
rAnL $S Second Class. and Meals. ,
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California Apr. 3. 13, 23, May 3
Columbia Apr. 8, 18, 2S. May 8
i Through Tickets and Through Baggage to all
Eastern Points. Kates and Folders Upon Ap-
plication to
E. C. WARD. Genera! Agent.
GOODALL; PERKINS & CO.?° Market "*•
•■--■- Supprintenderts.
gggf| DR. HALL'S REINVIGOARTOR
Half EB^ Five hundi-eo reward for any case
01^ !» w ,* rann "'<"ure. This secret remedy
&__ __;? fw»ps ,aI!, aI! lotjei in 24 hours, cures
HWS EM £ niissl ° ns . Impoteney. Varlcooele.
rarj W ?o? on ,°" h oea. Gleet. Fits. Strictures
KSH ilk ," l Manhood and ail wasting ef-
HSn^^ sealed '' self-ahur-eorexcetres Sent
T . J seAien.s» l<.itt!e:S bottles. Js' Kuar-
s°^ *« eu^- A' 1 ' 1"1 "' 88 HALL'S MEDICALIN-
511T.1-TE. Sso Brcadway. Oakland Cal Al«i
for ssle at 1073U Market st. S F ah prW
%-ate diseases quickly cured. Send for free b&k.
>gga#'lnli O 4 it»rt.\fij Whit*,, uu natural dul
IgSVlJnitE'aKS D»E,Mi»"t ftp, l-ranno. NoD-aatrinseat. .
wS«MmC!!»IfATt 1 Q -fcfeJgH Soli > b y Or»B3fcrtß,
XWSbw P.S.JL J^^^pr.teot In plain vmpr*r,
i. , ftnffl pToxr-nis, prepaid, toi
O fe-O^ar 3 boVtjs^».7XALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
DUNN REPLIES
TO CHAPMAN
The Health Officer Says
He Acted in Good
Faith.
Will Not Stop Arresting Those
Who Pollute Temescal
Creek.
Thers Is a Chapter of Politics, How
over, Th;it Dr. Dunn Has Not '
Read.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 9.
Health Officer Dunn takes exception to
the remarks of ex-Mayor Chapman made
yesterday In Judge (lift's court, while
O. Coffin was on trial for alleged pollu
tion of Temescal Creek.
Mr. Chapman stated that the arrest of
Coffin was merely a little evidence of the
persecution of one of the water compa
nies who found a pliable Board of Health
ready to do Its bidding. Dr. Dunn says
that Mr. Chapman is in error, and he
produces in proof of his assertion a cii
■ ular of the Health Department issued
January 5; 1597, by the homeopathic Board
A Health which Mayor Thomas Quickly
l^ounced, supplying its place with allo
paths. The circular states that the
Board of Health instructed Its secretary
"to see that all parties residing or own-
property upon the watersheds of
I Chahot and Ttmescal were per
. ly served with a copy of the health
-• ; <>rt, in which he recommend;-;
certain measures be carried out to
. the fouling and polluting of the
waters which supply the lakes."
The recommendations require all peo
ple living on the watersheds to observe
certain rules regarding drainage from
cowsheds and similar places and the dis
posal of dead animals.
"When we took office three months af
ter the issuance of this circular," said
Dr. Dunn, "we simply carried out the
recommendations of our predecessors,
and as Coltin defied our authority w»
had him arrested. > It was done on our
part in good faith and the prosecution
of the case was taken out of our hands.
Mr. Chapman had no right to asperse
the motives of the health officer in this
case."
Dr. Dunn personally may not have
been taken into the political combina
tion which every intelligent Oaklar.aer
knows ba.s controlled the city govern
ment thnjuch the water companies'
;tK-TiTs since the last city Republican cob*.
■'■■■ However, Ik- offers no excuse
the notorious fact that although Cof
:.n was arrested last September, the Dis
trict Attorney, who is supposed and who
is paid to prosecute, had the case con
■i from time to time for over seven
mont};.^. .t:.d it is not on record that dur
ing the whole of that time the Board of
b sent any protest to the District
Attorney's office to expedite the proso
ition.
Mr. Chapman is a politician for pleas
ure and an attorney by profession. \Vheri
ho allies these two industries he Is very
apt, being on the inside of politics, to hit
the nail on the head. Should the Board
of Health desire to see the proofs of his
. contention, Mr. Chapman will no doubt
l.niake 500.1 his promise. Dr. Dunn states
that the prosecution of the guilty parties
along remescal Creek will be carried on
and will not be permitted to drop, and
•"hnuld Mr. Chapman be again retained
the defense, the political sensations
tie promised will probably be brought to
light. •>
LITTLE HOPE
FOR WIDOWS
Charles Blanding's Mines
Are Hedged All
Around.
Real Owners of the Jupiter Land
Now Have a Story to
■Toll.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, April 9.
Charles F. Blanding, who is trying to
explain to Judge Greene how he spent
about $50,000 of money formerly in the
potseelon of widows of Oakland and San
Jr.ee, has more testimony to overcome at
this time than was in evidence when he
■tatted.
Mr. Blanding has aroused the curiosity
of the Jupiter -Gravl Mining and Water
Company, which is in active operation in
Coluveras County on a large portion of
the territory which Mr. Blanding declares
anxious? to procure for the ladles
who trusted him. The gentleman who has
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GOOD
He H w¥m ovb K3 |^3 I
HEALTH
THE WORKING CAPITAL OFHVMANITY
1 He who loses that Is wrecked Indeed. Is your
health falling you? Your strength, ambition.
▼%of. TitAlity wasting away ?
tCo
DOCTOR SWEANY
737 MARKET STREET
San Francisco, Cal.
For the speedy, safe and permanent cure of an
NERVOUS, CHRONICandSPECIAL
■ leases of Men and Women.
VnilliP lICII Unnatural drains caused
I UUIIU IIiCII ■ through errors of youth !
or excesses, quickly and permanently stopped.
He restores lost vigor and vitality to
HUE Alf MCM Organs of the body which
uMl\ luElll have be.en weakened
through <liseas«-, overwork, excesses or indiscre-
tions are restored to full power, strength and vigor
through his new and original system of treatment
PHQTIIDE cured by his new method,
nUr I UfflC without knife, truss or detention
from work, a painless, sure and permanent cure. I
V ADIOnnCI C hydrocele, swelling and I
HfIIUUuCLCf tenderness' of the glands
treated with unfailing success.
CONTAGIOUS BLOOD POISON
in any of its stages thoroughly eradicated from
the ?v stem. . ■
LI fll CO will receive special attention for all
_ Mil It O their' many ailments. '•"*■''■',:
CONSJJLTITION FREE ear
..r. .*; ITE lf you cannot call. A valuable book
Guide to Health," free F. L. SWEANY, M. D.,
Market St, op. Grant Ay., San Frandaco, Cal.
bt«B on the rack for nearly a week, and
who has so frequently, ruffled Judge
Greene's temper, stated on the stnndthat
he did not claim all the Jupiter mine, but
that he has three men holding possession
of IN acres, to work which he will or-
RiinUe a corporation "as soon as possi
ble. 1 He has got everything his clients
had, and has not yet organized, and the
"Jupiter Consolidated Deep Blue Gravel
Hydraulic Mining Company" is still in the
,air. Now comes the company which is al
ready nt work on the field, and pays that
if Blanding has any title to the 210 acres
the property is in such a location that It
Is shut in on every side from either dump-
Ing ground or water supply, and is, there
fore, valueless. •.:?."
Since the commencement of the suit a
party of directors and some of the largest
shareholders in the company at work,
have visit the locality and made ex
haustive inspection of the entire ditch sys
tem, and they cannot see how Mr. Bland
ing, with no money at command, can
calmly tell the Judge, as he toK'. hi? lady
clients, that he considers his Interest in
the Jupiter mine as being worth the
modest sum of $21,000,000.
The attorneys for the defense obtained
permission yesterday to amend their peti
tion, which has for its purpose the re
moval of Hlanding «s the assignee of one
of his clients from whom it is sold he
obtained over $20,000. At the present time
Blanding is entirely without funds, hav
ing confessed to the court that he has
not even enough to file articles of incor
poration of his wealthy gold-mining
scheme, -large blocks of prospective stock
in which are held by various ladies once
independent, and some of whom are now
working as domestics.
Shot Himself to Death.
OAKLAND, April 9.— Theodore Jacob
sen was found dead In his bed at San
Lorenzo yesterday. His body had thr^e
bullets in it, two In the stomach and one
in his head. A pistol was In the grasp
of the dead man's right hand. Jacob
sen b wife left him some time aeo, and
h- has been very despondent since. He
had not been seen around for several
days.
Mrs. Cornberger Secures a Divorce.
OAKLAND. April 9.— Judge Hall grant
ed Eliza A. Cornberger a divorce to-day
from her husband, Charles Cornberger
She was awarded the custody of the three
minor children. JIOO cash, the community
DAVIS SOUNDS THE ALARM.
A Clever Attempt to Take the Oakland
Water-Front Case Out of the Jurisdic
tion of the Supreme Court.
OAKLAND, April 9.— William R. Davis, one of the special attorneys in
the water front litigation, made the following statement to-day:
"The petition filed by the parties signing it was gotten up ana filed without
any conference with any one representing the city of Oakland. Neither the
Mayor, the City Council, the City Attorney nor the official counsel were
aware of the existence of such a petition until it had gone to Washington
and been referred by the Secretary of War to the corps of engineers of the
army at San Francisco.
"We are not acquainted with the petitioners and how many of them will
turn out to be residents of Oakland and interested in Oakland's welfare re
mains to be seen. The notices of the hearing are very brief, but the subject
matter involved is of the utmost importance to the city, and for that matter
to the State. The change of harbor lines asked, stripped of all engineering
and legal refinements, means this:
"Under the decision of tne Supreme Court of California, as it now stands,
the holding is that the Water-front Company may and does own, as its pri
vate property, the narrow strip or ribbon of the water front between ordi
nary daily high and low tide, beginning at about the foot of Oak street and
extending westerly along the southern frontage to Twenty-second street.
The United States pierhead line established by the Federal Government in
1593 lies waterward in the estuary In front of the ordinary low-tide line all
the way. That pierhead line means the line of frontage out to which the
Federal Government will allow piers or wharves, docks and slips to be con
structed, open underneath so as not to interfere with the flow of the tide,
but with suitable flooring, docks, sheds and superstructures ordinarily used
In commerce.
"As matters now stand the distance between the low-tide line, which is
the outermost line to which the water-front company's lands can go, and
this Government pierhead line of 1R93, is at all points from Oak down to
the point very considerable; in some places as much as about 300 feet and
throughout much of the frontage over 100 feet in width. That is to say the
public (the State) is now at liberty- to erect and maintain wharves, docks,
piers and the like on an irregular strip of the water front lying waterward
from ordinary low-tide line out to the governmentally established pierhead
all the way and anywhere from about the foot of Oak street down to the
point and also off the West Oakland shore, beginning at ordinary low-tide
line out to the pierhead line there, which is a very large, roomy place.
"Taking this strip of the actual navigable frontage as matters now
stand it would average about 150 feet in width from Oak street to the point
and lies wholly in front of anything awarded by the Su preme Court to the
"Water-front Company, thus enabling the public to have, use and control
along that entire frontage the ship landings from Oak street to the point,
precisely as the State is now using and controlling the ship landings and
water frontage In San Francisco. Those who have not heretofore under
stood the great importance and advantage in these facts arising from the
recent litigation and decision of the Supreme Court will now perhaps have
their eyes opened by the fact that the private claimants of the water front
consider the present situation of so great advantage to the public that it is
sought by an order of the War Department to render nugatory the decision
of our State courts, for that will be precisely the effect of changing the
pierhead lines as the petitioners ask to have it changed.
"A moment's attention to the point discloses that the change asked in effect
does away with the decision of our Supreme Court, It is asked to move
the pierhead line all along the southern frontage of the city back land
ward to a new line suggested by the petitioners, which is entirely within,
that is, landward, of ordinary low-tide line all the way from Oak street to
the point, which means to move the pierhead line from public waters under
public control, where it now is, back upon private property, which would
give the absolute dominion and control of all those wharves, docks, slips,
piers and superstructures into the control of the private corporation.
"The decision limits private ownership to low-tide line; the change peti
tioned for would limit navigation, landing wharves, docks, warehouses and
all the usual instrumentalities of commerce to private possession and con
trol. Of course Oakland, is profoundly concerned now and for all time to
come in the question.
"I have said the State is concerned also. That arises not only from all
the foregoing, but also from the further fact that this petition asks that
the pierhead line on the south side of the estuary be pushed back to a line
there on the Alameda side landward there from the ordinary low-tide line,
doing which confronts Alameda and its future commerce with the same
question with which Oakland is confronted. The Supreme Court's decision
being as it is, they holding that 'ship channel" means ordinary low-tide
line, the grant to the town of Oakland ended at the low-tide line on the
north side of the estuary. The Supreme Court so holds. From this holding
it follows that the bed and basin of the estuary and no much of the bed of
the bay as is involved were never granted to the town of Oakland under the
Supreme Court's holding and lias remained all this time and now remains
under the original direct jurisdiction and control of the State of California.
"The special attorneys for the city will draw the attention of the board
of engineers to the effect of the Supreme Court's decision and to the effect
of the proposed change. We of course have no authority to act profession
ally for the State of California. That rests with the Attorney-General. But
we are citizens of the State of California aa well as of the city of Oakland,
and as well as counsel for the city. The matter will not go by default, as
nothing has in this matter as yet. This change would virtually amount to
a substitution of a military board of the War Department for the Supreme
Court of this State, and indeed of the Supreme Court of the United States."
property, $20 per month alimony and $23
lor costs.
A MEMORIAL WINDOW.
Beautiful Work of Art in the Church
of the Advent.
OAKLAND, April 9.— Easter Sunday
will give the public the lirst view of a
memorial window placed in the Church
of the Advent by J. J. Valentine, the
senior warden. It is in three sections,
with a figure of Hope, and Is In me
moriam of Mr. Valentines first wife and
two children.
The Inscriptions on the several sections
are as follows:
"Born May 28, 1848, Mary F. Valentine;
died September 6, 1885."
"Paul McLane Valentine, born Feb
ruary 24, 1876; died October 6, 1576."
"Born June 28, 1874; died August 12,
And under the three, "He sriveth His
beloved sleep."
School Children Census.
OAKLAND, April 9.— The work of enu
merating the children of school age will
be begun next Friday. Most of those ap
pointed have had experience at the work
before The marshal and assistants are:
I Census Marshal, Webb N. Pearce; as
sistant census-takers— E. E. Walcott, C.
C Fawcett Frank Howard, Miss Gilbert-
Bon Murray Laidlaw, R. P. Poorman,
Miss Irene Rutherford, George Atkinson,
Miss Pearl Knox, H. L. Walker, W. C.
Harmon, George W. Blethen and Ernest
J Osgood. The young ladies with the
marshal will do the office work, while the
others do the field canvassing.
Advances made on furniture and planot, with
or without removal- J. Noonaa. 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 10, 1898.
LEFT THINGS
BADLY MIXED
Rev. Edwards Davis Had
a Queer System of ■'.
Bookkeeping.
The Trustees Do Not Know If
They Are. Bankrupted
or Not.
~—^^— — — ~
A Consolidation of Two Churohei
Is th« Only Hope of
Progress.
■
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 9.
The members of the Central Christian
Church are trying to understand by what
method. If any, Rev. Edwards Davis kept
his accounts and those of the church. An
effort Is being made to find out how the
church stands, and some very peculiar In
cidents have come to light. Everything
was left to Davis and his secretary, H. E.
McGill, and now the officials cannot under
stand how much they are worth or how
much they owe, or whether they are
worth anything or are heavily in debt.
The last supposition Beems to be the most
probable.
After the pastor's marriage, when he
left the. church, Jonn W. Metcalf. one of
the trustees, went through the books, but
being a professional musician and not pro-
fessing to know anything of bookkeeping
ivix. Metcalf made a report that was far
more favorable than the books show in
reality, although Mr. Mutcalfs report is
justified by the superficial appearance of
the accounts. From Mr. Metcalfs report
a call was extended to Rev. Dr. Sawyer
of Montana, offering him $100 a montii
and $100 for traveling expenses. Mr. Saw
yer accepted, and then began the task of
collecting tue money shown to be due
from the church members. Much of the
money is eald to nave been already paid
but until Mr. Davis explains his compli
cated system of financiering the church
believes that there is a deficit of $300, al
though it is possible there may be a bal
ance in the treasury. The trustees simply
cannot tell.
Mr. Davis frequently, when pressed by
his creditors, would give them an order
on Mr. McGill, his secretary, and in thiw
manner must of Mr. Davis' debts were
paid.
As a way out of the difficulty, it is pro
posed that the Central Church unite with
the First cnrlstian Church, and by only
having one pastor and one building to
maintain it is believed that finances will
be relieved and the joint organization be
kept free of debt. Treasurer McGill is in
possession of some notes aggregating $130
signed by Mr. Davis, and he has made
frequent efforts to collect. He does not i
feel any too kindly toward his late pastor,
and should an investigation be made a ,
surprise may be developed.
Would Cut His Throat
OAKLAND, April 9.— Joaquin Eslabe,
who murdered the tamale man, Charles
E. Gates, is reported to have threatened
to cheat the gallows, and it is now
thought that was his reason for asking a
month's delay when he was arraigned.
The remark attributed to Eslabe is: "Tfiey
will never hang me; I'll cut my throat
first; tiie chance will come."
FIGHTING THE
BIG MONOPOLY
Supervisors Consider the
Mutual Electric Light
Co. 'a Petition.
P. B. Cornwall Says He Only
Asks the Same Privilege
Granted Others.
Th» Matter to B« Taken Up in Com
mittee of the Whole Next
Tuesday Night.
Considerable hostility was shown to the
electric light company that Is trying to
break the monopoly now enjoyed by the
Son Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany at the joint meeting of the Streets
and Street Lights committees of the
Supervisors yesterday. Supervisor De
vany presided, and Smith, Brltt, Rivers,
Clinton and Morton were present.
A number of interested parties were
present. Including a large delegation
from the Merchants' Association and
Messrs. Cornwall and Summerhayes of
the Mutual Company.
The meeting was called to consider the
resolution Introduced by Dodge two
weeks ago, asking the Mutual Company
to state what was necessary in the way
of extending its service to enable It to
compete for the contract of lighting
public buildings and certain outside dis
tricts, and calling on the Gas Inspector
for a map showing the location of every
gas and electric lamp In the city. In
spector Taylor was present and stated
that he had no such map and could not
prepare it without going to considerable
expense.
P. B. Cornwall, in response to a re
quest from the members, said the first
resolution passed by the Supervisors
granting permission for the erection of
poles and wires was to the California
Electric Light Company in 1881. That
was followed by an ordinance giving the
Edison company the same right. Other
ordinances had pince been passed giving
telegraph, telephone and street railroad
companies the same privileges, to which
no exception was taken. The Mutual
Company had laid its wires underground
within the fire limits, and it now asked
to be granted permission to erect poles
outside the fire limits. It did not ask any
privilege that had not already been
granted to other corporations, or on so
large a scale as others had been favored.
Clinton asked what it cost the city for
electric lights at present, and it was
shown that the San Francisco Company Is
paid $120,000 a year.
Mr. Cornwall said his company guaran
teed to save the city at least $40,000 a year
on the present cost, and he would* put
up the best bond ever offered to the Su
pervisors for 1100,000 or any other amount,
to insure its fulfillment. He said his com
pany would also save private consumers
$60,000 a year on the present cost, making
a total saving of $100,000. There was no
way a competing company could enter the
field except by erecting poles in outside
districts, for it would be far too expen
sive to put wires underground in the resi
dence portion of town.
Devany and Britt, overlooking the pro
visions of the pending resolution which
called for the very information they de
manded, wanted to know how many poles
It would be necessary to erect, and if the
company was prepared to give the In
formation right there. Mr. Cornwall re
plied that he was not prepared to answer,
as the resolution had not yet been passed
railing for the Information, but If gfVen
until Tuesday he would give all the In
formation required.
Clinton moved that the resolution be
adopted, but there was no second to the
motion, and Mr. Cornwall said his com
pany only asked to be granted its con
stitutional privilege. In answer to Smith.
Britt and Devany, who insisted upon
Cornwall giving the information, though
they opposed the resolution calling for
it, that gentleman said he thought it
would not reuire more than 140 poles to
extend his service when necessary.
A petition from the Merchants' Asso
ciation was then read. It asked that gas
lamps be abolished and all the streets
lighted by electricity, reciting the efforts
of the association in that respect and the
good results accomplished. A. S. Bald
win spoke on behalf of the association
and submitted the maps Inspector Taylor
had not been able to prepare.
After Mr. Baldwin had concluded, Clin
ton moved that the whole matter be sub
mittf-d to the board Monday, and con
sidered in committee of the whole Tues
day night. The motion was carried.
Masonic Ladies at Work.
OAKLAND. April 9.— Oak Leaf Chapter,
Order of Eastern Star, have appointed a
committee to canvass this city in behalf
of the coming Masonic festival. Among
the ladies appointed were: Mrs. H. D.
Rowe. Mrs. A. D. Hughes, Mrs. Eva Ma
von, Miss Anna B. Kerr, Miss Lillie fin
ker, Mrs. A. K. Clark, Mrs. A. M. El
liott, Mrs. J. F. Emery, Mrs. M. B. For
tin Miss Agnes Fortin, Mrs. A. Halke,
Mrs. M. B. Gilpin, Miss C. Johnson, Mrs.
A. Kent. Mrs. L. Kirby, Mrs. M. A. Lare,
Mrs. F. L,entell, Mrs. J. M. Makins, Mrs.
X. E. Marchand, Mrs. M. M. Mathis. Mrs.
Cora Merritt, Mrs. Mary E. Partridgo,
Miss Emma Petty, Miss Mabel Pierce,
Mrs. E. M. Reed, Mrs. Ida Tobriner, Mrs.
Jennie Smith, Mrs. E. R. Wheeler, Mrs.
F. J. White and Mrs. Charles L. Pierce.
Double Tennis Champions.
OAKLAND, April 9.— At the tennis
tournament on the Madison-street court
this afternoon, Sumner Hardy and Paul
Selby were declared the double cham
pions of the University of California-
Should the Stanfords play the State in
stitution, these Oakland gentlemen will
represent the latter. Eckert and O'Brien
ALL ABOARD. HPI^ f/ A • i
w The Klondike
Ipvr Fo r HEALTH
. >^^^f^j| PLEASURE and
RECREATION
BrJ?r ™ SAN FRANCISCO AND
l^»-,:-i-:-M .the line IRriINLIOLU iiIYJJ
• :V^to|3#|3 . of™ NORTH PACIFIC R'Y.
llUlllli 1 AUil lv 11 li
.' ' '. *'.• (THE PICTURESQUE ROUTE OP CALIFORNIA).
I f iv^ •■ '•"•■ If you want to camp, pitch a tent near a lovely lake; or on the bank of
I "•] |»£v-iv some beautiful stream of which there are over 300 well stocked with trout.
fwf/ jpPi "-- If you -want to drink health-giving waters and enjoy social life, visit one
\l.;";M t ■•'ft °f our many Mineral Spring Resorts.
£&/ hjjjil' If you want to enjoy the homelif of a ranch, there are many n^ist or)l
» a E$ w^° wlll be glad to have you *
pUA Sfc :^V Camping grounds are free.
'*■'■" •' '•• "^ftSaljiß* •■-.' - : At the Resorts and. the homes of the ranchers charg«« are reasonable^ '
\ For detailed Information apply at Tlokot Offlee, 060 Market Street (Ohpeelela.llafld-
' :■, Ing), or at General Offloe, Mutual Life Building, Baaseme and Caiif»Fßia Itpeata.
,;- A. W. FOSTER, Pres. and Oen. Mgr. It, X. RYAN, General PassengeF Ageat,
defeated Hovey and Fay In the pre
liminary round by a Bcore of 7—5, B—6.
Hardy and Bolby finished Whitcomb and
Freeman by a scor« of 6—2, 6—3 in quick
time. Eckert and O'Brien then went
against Powers and Van Wyck, losing
the first set and winning the next two
seta by 6—3, 6—2. The ohamplons took
two sets from the winner of the last by
a score of B—2, 6—4.
Formal Move Toward a Park.
OAKLAND. April 9.— Mayor Thomas to
day signed the ordinance passed by the
City Council, declaring the Adams Estate
Tiact BUitable for a park site. Before it
can be purchased, however, it will be
necessary to submit, by ordinance, a prop
osition to be voted upon whether the clti
xens desire to acquire this site, and the.
voting of sufficient bonds to purchase it.
BRAKEMAN, LAWYER, AGENT.
High Honor for a Railroad Employe
on the Berkeley Line.
BERKELEY, April 9.— James H- Al
drich, who as brakeman on the Berkeley
local trains for years past, has become
known to nearly every man, woman and
child of the university town, has received
word from Washington of his appoint
ment as Treasury Agent for Alaska, to
have charge of the salmon industry. The
appointment was made by President Me-
Kinley several days ago, and will doubt
less be ratified within the coming fort
night. Mr. Aldrich will probably start
for Juneau about May 15 or 20, where his
duties as Treasury Agent will keep him
busy during the fishing season from May
to September.
For eighteen years Mr. Aldrich has been
in the service of the Southern Pacific
Company, in the various capacities of
brakeman, station agent, conductor and
telegraph operator. For years he was
territorial freight agent of the Hunting
ton system in Mexico for the states of
Chihuahua, Durango, Coahiula and Zacat
eeas. For three years he held a lieuten
ant's commission in the Mexican gendar
meria, which honor he obtained through
the offices of his uncle, General Shafter
In his varied travels and experiences he
has become quite a linguist and speaks
fluently five different languages
Four years ago Aldrich was transferred
(at his own request) to the Berkeley local
line as brakeman. He began to study law
in his spare hours, and after three years
of study he was admitted to the bar in
August last. Berkeley commuters and
college students riding daily on lha trains
came to know the big and jovial brake
man, and the announcement of his ap
pointment to a Federal position of trust
has caused the greatest pleasure among
"Jim" Aldrich's host of friends.
THE HARBOURNE SHORTAGE.
Expert Davis Finds That It Is Con
siderably More Than Had at
First Been Stated.
ALAMEDA, April 9.— Expert Davis, who
has been engaged for some time In exam
ining the books of the public library for
the purpose of determining the amount of
ex-Librarian HarLourne's shortage, has
completed his task and made his report
last evening to the Board of Library Trus
tees. The full report has not been made
public, and a special meeting of the board
will be held on Tuesday evening next to
receive and discuss it. It is understood,
however, that the report will show a
totol shortage of about $2000. instead of
the $1000 or $1100 originally claimed. An
amazing feature of the affair is that
forced warrants are found for as small
suras as $1 50, $1 25 and $1.
ATHLETIC DISPUTE SETTLED.
BERKELEY, April 9. -The athletic dis
pute between California and Stanford
over the bicycle race was settled to-day
by an arbitration committee appointed to
adjust the difficulty. The race will take
place in San Jose on Wednesday, April 20.
Manager Melville Dozier of California
insisted on having the bicycle race on the
Wednesday before the Intercollegiate field
day. Manager T. T. C. Gregory of Stan
ford wanted the race on the same day a.s
the field day. The managers could not
agree, the faculty athletic committees
could not agree, so President Charles P.
Eells appointed a committee to arbitrate,
as provided in the recent arbitration
treaty between the two universities. Mr
Eells appointed Samuel Knight, Hall Mc-
Allister and A. J. Dibblee, and they de
cided In favor of California's contention.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREETO MEN
The State Medical Institute Discovers a
Remarkable Remedy for Lost
Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
Free samples of a most remarkable
remedy are being distributed by the State
Medical Institute, Fort Wayne, Ind. It
cured bo many men who had battled for
years against the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood thut the insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It is a home
treatment and all men who suffer with
any form of sexual weakness resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varico-
cele, or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location giving strength
and development just where It Is needed
It cures all the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the natural
functions and has been an absolute suc-
cess in all cases. A request to the State
Medical Institute, 193 First National Bank
Building. Fort Wayne. Ind., stating that
you deßlre one of their free trial pack-
ages will bo complied with. The institute
is desirous vt rebelling that great class
of men who are unable to leave home to
be treated and the free sample will en-
able them to see how easy it is to be
cured of sexual weakness when the
proper remedies are employed. The in-
stitute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample
carefully, sealed in a plain package so
that Its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
requested to write without delay.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
.88 8888 8 8 8 88 888888888888888 8 8 8 8 8 8 88 8 8 8 8
ICITYOF^fe PARIS |
a DRY GOODS COMPANY. «
i SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT, I
88 Wo are now showing a most . COMPLETE and Beautiful Tr '
£S Assortment of "NOVELTIES" in '—".-:* ~ v
II . . COLORED DRESS GOODS . . ';
*8 Including the Latest and Most Exquisite Creations in if
|v ..COLORED GRENADINES.. £
SS*. . Which are all the Rage in Paris. a
SS • , »°
£ EXTRA INDUCEMENTS FOR THIS WEEK. «
'a . -. ' " . . .. . - . —^— — •'.;-■ •*
8? 55 pieces Imported "Vigoreaux" ... $4.50 .full suit a
85 27 pieces All-Wool French Grenadine. . $9.0Q per suit c.
a 27 pieces All- Wool French Grenadine. . $9.0Q per suit g.
88 35 pieces 56-inch Diagonal Suitings, all choice color-
J. ings . .... . . . . . . . . . • 75c a yard
ss ss
SS DRESSMAKING AND TAILOR-MADE SUITS A SPECIALTY, a.
§ Don't Fall to Visit Our Elegant Millinery Dep't. c ]
\ COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO. 88
1 CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, 5
88 SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, S. F. cj
25 UNION SQUARE. c*
■a • * • . X
?SS8S8?2§SS8?8!!8SS?8S8?S?88SSS!8S2!2f;82?g?;«SSSS2?SS8S8?8?8S?8S8SS?S?2i?
aaaaaaasaaaaaa a aasaaasaa a aa a a.a aa a a a a $
I SPEAKING^^OF CURES! |
a Rupture Cured in Two l|S|iitej^ He Feels Like a Boy of ft
% Months. Fifteen. g
ft — "*& — a
ft Occidental. Calif.,
£ %7%1? . Feb. 28th, 1898.
w DR. PIERCE & SON— Gentle-
£[ men: I wish to inform y©u that the Truss
" which I purchased at your office the 6th :
8 cf last December CURED me of Rupture
ft in TWO MONTHS. I am c. ;r sixty years |
« of age. ,vP>. •
Z. There is no mistake about the fact that
a your celebrated Magnetic Elastic Truss
)*t will positively CURE RUPTURE, and I
Z. heartily recommend It to all ruptured per-
a eons. Yours sincerely, C. S. COLLINS.
ft If ruptured, call or send 2c in stamps for
« our New Book on Rupture. Trusses fitted
« at office without extra charge. Address
a MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
O POA MARKET STREET. Opposite
Cj OZU Palace Hotel. San Francisco,
W ' Or 35 and 36 Sullivan Block. 712 First aye.,
« SEATTLE.
SUMMER
BARTLETT g ::'
SPRINGS.
Spend your summer outing there and drink
from the* famous .
HEALTH = RESTORING SPRING.
Large Swimming Tank, Mineral. Tub, Vapor
and Roman Baths. Competent Masseurs. > •
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN. ADVICE FREE.
Many improvements. New cottages. Bowling
alleys rebuilt. Bath house enlarged.
Only Resort Keeping Paid Orchestra.
Dancing, Tennis, Bowling, Billiards. Croquet,
Handball. Shuffleboard, Livery and Burros for
the children. .
RATES— and hotel cottages. $10 to $1d
per week; housekeeping cottages, $3 to $7 per
week. : -. •:.'>j,.'.-.v- -
Call or address '..
BARTLETT SPRINGS CO..
22 Fourth st., San Francisco, or
BARTLETT SPRINGS, Lake County, Cal.
• Pamphlets mailed free. ,'>■-
? s.
On .Howell Mountain; .elevation 1750 ' feet ; :
swimming tank 100x40; temperature of water
78 degrees; climate unsurpassed ; ■ chalybeate
and other, springs; tennis, croquet, riding,
driving; $10 to $12 per week; two trains dally;
four hours from city. Telephone.
L. ANGWIN, Angwin, Napa County, Cal.
NEW CARLSBAD MINERAL SPRINGS.
LAKE COUNTY.
Trie greatest health-giving water in America.
Specific for all stomach, liver, kidney and
bladder troubles. New hotel. Terms. $3 to $10
per week. For particulars address W. R. Mc-
GOVERN, Kelseyville, Lake County, v .
TAMALPAIS VILLA. "
Tamalpais Station. Ross- Valley, near -San Ra-
fael. Cottages and tents, with oh without
board. Dancing paviilon. Salt water bathing.
MRS. PETER SMITH, Proprietress. o
WM. H. SAWYER of Berdell «
Station. Sonoma County, writes **
as follows: ft
"I cannot refrain from saying that I con- £S
eider your 'Galvanic Chain Belt' to be on« Cj
of the greatest inventions on earth, for it ft
has given me such LIFE AND VIGOR >%
that I feel as young and spry as a boy of ,
fifteen years of age. Without your Belt I ft
felt weak and without energy; but with w
your Belt and Suspensory on I am one of **
the most active, vigorous and happy men ft
you will be able to meet anywhere. Your w
Belt is certainly a wonderful invention, Q
and if others only knew as much about it w
as I do, no man or woman in the State of £1
California would be without it for a single £>
day." £
For full particulars of Dr. Pierces Patent ft.
Electric Beit call or send stamp for our *•*
new Illustrated "Pamphlet No. 2." Ad- '"*
dress PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., 620 Market ft
St., San Francisco, or 35 and 36 Sullivan X
Building, 712 First aye., Seattle. £*
fgggggggggggggggggg
RESORTS
01/ 4 O f*O HOT SPRINUS, Sonoma Co.
\K A||||\ Only 4' v hours from S. F. an.l
UIVnUUU but 9 milfc' staging; waters
noted for medicinal virtues: best natural bath
in State: swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain scenery; excellent climate; good trout
streams at "door; photographers' room; tele-
phone, telegraph, daiiy mail; FIRST-CLASS
SERVICE; morninc and Rfterntoa stages;
round trip from S. F. only $5 50; take Tiburoa
ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms. $2 a
day or $12 a week. Reference, any gufst of the
past three yearn. J. F. HULOREW, Prop.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
This de*Vlghtful watering place Is Jocated la
the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance <J<, mineral springs, hot and cold
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water, fine stone dining room; telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation;
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
tickets at S. P. offices. $10.
JOHN SPAULDING, Proprietor.
TUSCAN JSPRINGST"
This group of springs has attained a national
reputation for the curative powers of Its min-
eral waters, in a wider range of human dis-
eases than that of any known Mineral Springs
In this or any other country.
LONGWOOD
FRUIT FARM. AN IDEAL OUTING PLACE.
City references. Bend for illustrated pam-
phlet. Address G. M. SHOULTS & SON,
Napa, Cal.
su/nmER HomE F*f\r*/Y\.
Santa Cruz Mountains, first-class family re-
sort: cottages, tents, hunting and fishing; ar-
tificial lake for boating and swimming; lon<
distance telephone: campers' return tickets
$2 50. Send for circular to J. H. HAESTERS.
Glenwood, Cal.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
Increased facilities for comfort and pleasure:
new dining room, 130 ft. lake frontage; new
stable and livery; boating and bathing free;
terms, $8 to $14 per week: route S. F. & N. P.
Railway; round trip. $9 50. Addresa H. WAM-
BOLD. Prop., Bertha P. 0., Lake County. Cal.
TO LEASE.
THE CELEBRATED
GILROY HOT SPRINGS.
Completely furnished and equipped. Parti-
culars of G. H. UMBSEN & CO.'S Country
Department, DAVID BUSH, Manager, 14 Mont-
gomery Bt.
ELEGANT 10-room unfurnished residence, San
Rafael, $40. SPECK CO., 602 Market st.
1112
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Franolsoo
Call corner of Market and Third streAs, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— U7 Montgomery street.
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
S.N7 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
»J1 McAllister street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
tU Larklu street; open u.tll 9:30 o'clock.
IMI Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
Until 9 o'clock.
lflti Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
KM Mission street: open until 9 o'clock..
IM lVlk t-treet; open until 9:30 o'clock.
N. W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until it o'clock.
CUIUCH NOTICES.
FIRST Church of Christ. Scientist, Central
block, 223 Sutter St.. bet. Kearny and Grant
-At 11 a. m., Christian Science Bible
leasons; subject. "Jesus Prophesies the bec-
ond Coming." Sunday-school tor children at
the same hour. "Science and Health study
Thursday, at 8 p. m. All are welcome.
CENTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church Mls-
bfon"? bet. Sixth and Seventh-Dr. Charles
_dw_rd Locke, pastor. ■ will preach Easter
themes at all or the services and special
Easter Music. Class meetings 3:30 a. m. and
12^30 p in. Sermon, The Resurrection of
Jesus a Stupendous Historical I- act. En-
deavor societies. C:l5 p. m. Evening sermon.
7:45 o'clock; subject. "Barter Meditation-,
Interspersed with Easter music, followed by
an after meeting. This is a people's Church.
Everybody invited. Seats ail free Courte-
ous ushers. Choir led by J. J. Morris. At 1
o'clock p. m. in the auditorium the Sunday-
school Easter programme will be rendered.
Rolla v Watt, superintendent.
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church. corner Hayes and Buchanan
streets; Rev. John Stephens, pastor; resi-
dence 300 HaitJUt street-Services at 11
a. m. and 7:iu p. m. Tha pastor
will sneak at both services. At U a. m..
Easter exercise* by the Sunday-school ; de-
lightful music; and at 7:30 p. m., grand Eas-
ter praise service, by the choir, assisted by
the Sunday-school; Epworth League njeeUn*
at 6:30 p. r.i. ; prayer meeting Wednesday
evening at 7:45. The public cordially invited
to aU the tervtoea of this church; seats free;
ushers in attendance.
OKACE Methodist Episcopal Church, corner
Twenty-first and Capp sts.; Rev. J. N- ca f.
D D pastor— Preaching at n a. m. by the
bartor ar..i Barter service by the choir. Miss
NVllie Roger*, vocal instructor I nlversity
Pacific will sing morning and evening. Dur-
ing the evening choral service the coivgrega-
lK,n will unite with the choir in singing
hymns. Robert Husband, musical director.
Ali invited. Seats tree.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, cor Powell
and Gear}' sts. -Rev. John Hemphill. D.D..
Sartor. Services at n a. m. and IM p. m.
Topic evening "An Easter Address. Music,
morning— Easter anthem. "O Joyous Barter
Morning" (Schnevker) ; offertory. "The Lord
b liiren '■ A. W. Lansing; soprano solo, Mrs.
Priest-Fine. Music, evening— The evening
gervut- will !■<■ a" Easter musical service,
comprising BdOS and quartets by the choir,
composed of Mrs. Priest-Fine, Mrs. Bedgtejr- ;
Reynolds D. M. Lawrence. R. D. Burnesa,
organ M and Walter Campbell, basso and
musical director. All are made welcome.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
Mason «a; Rev. George C. Adams. D.D.,
pastor— The pastor will preach an Easter ser-
mon at 11 a. m.: theme. "As It Pecan to
Dawn." Special Easter music under the di-
rection of Samuel D. Mayer, organist and
choirmaster. In the evening an Easter Tem-
plar and praise service at 7:30 o'clock. Cali-
fornia Comroandery No. L Knights Templar,
will attend in a body, Sermon by Rev. Dr.
Adams. Theme. "Christ, the First * raits of
Them That Are Asleep." Sunday-school and
Bible clauses at 12:45 D. m. Y. P. S. C. E.
at 6:30 p. m. The public Invited.
PLYMOUTH Congregational Church. Post St.,
near Webstrr Services to-day at 11 a. m. and
730 p m. Sunday school at 9:30 a. m. Rev.
F B Cherington, D.D., pastor, will preach
nurning and evening. Special Easter music
in the morning, with sermon by the paster;
subject "(T.rist Is Hisen. " Praise service in
the evening, with a brief address by the pas-
tor on "Ksister Hopes and Joys." The public
oondiaJly invited.
FIHST Unitarian Church, cor. Geary and
Franklin sts. Rev. Horatio Stebbins. D.D.,
I>astor. Morning service at 11 o'clock. Sermon
and special Easter music. Evening service
omitted.
THE Beoond Unitarian Church, Twentieth and
Capp sts. —A. J. Wells, pastor. Mr. Wells
will preach at 11 a. m. on "The Lesson of the
Llliee." The rabbi, J. Nleto, will speak at
7:46 p. m. on "The H.Hising of the Working-
man." Seats are free. Sunday school at 9:45
a. m. Pastor's residence, 824 Valencia st.
Unity Club Tuesday evening.
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood (Theosophtcal So-
ciety). 819 Market rt.— Lecture to-night. "Con-
sciousness," by Dr. J. A. Anderson. Subject
Tuesday night. "Hypnotism." The lnterna-
t.. nal Brotherhood League meet* every Sat-
urday evening- Its iirst object Is "To help
men and women to realize, the nobility of
thtUr falling and their true position in life."
B'\ ALBANB 1 Chun-h (Episcopal), Forester
Hall. 102 O'Farrell st.— Celebration of Holy
Communion at 11 a. in. Kaster service
(choral) at 8 p. m. All are cordially invited.
THE First Divine Science Church— M. E. Cra-
mer pastor. Subjeot. "Ea?ter Moon." Easter
services 11 a. m., Yosemite Hall, N. S. G. W.
budding, Miison St., bet. Geary and Post.
Sunday school and Bible class, 10 a. m. All
arc cordially Invited to attend.
STRANGERS' Sabbath Home, Howard Street
Methodist Episcopal Church, Howard St.. bet.
Second and Third, two blocks from Palace
Hotel— Rev. John A. B. Wilson, D.D., pastor.
Telephone Black S6l. All day Easter demon-
stration. At 11 a. m., happy sang, .recitation
and cantata, "The Mighty Victor," by the
Sunday school; soprano solo, "Easter," Her-
mlone M. Lask. At 7:30 p. m., special Easter
festival; anthems, "Christ the Lord Is Risen
To-day," "The Strife Is O'er" and "Christ
■ Our Passover." At 8:15, sermon by Dr. Wil-
son on "The Utility of the Resurrection of
Christ." By special arrangement Miss Alice
• Sheldon Brannan has boon secured, and will I
follow the sermon with her great soprano
solo, "Christ Is Risen To-day." by Blschoff.
The regular choir will be augmented by
twenty-live special vocalists and a subsidiary
choir of seventy-five voices. Seats free. All
are always welcome.
THEOSOPHICAL Society— public lectures i
every Sunday evening at 8 o'clock, in Fra- '
ternal Hall, Odd Fellows' building. To-night,
"The Histology an.i Psychology of the Cell,"
by Dr. A. S. BrackStt Lotus Circle for
children in same building at 2:30.
SUNDAY MEETINGS.
SOCIETY of Progressive Spiritualists, Occi-
dental Hall. 305 Laxkin St., corner McAllis-
ter (take elevator); Mr. and Mrs. R. S. Lillle
and Mrs. J. J. Whitney will assist in the
dedication of our beautiful new hall; if you
want to be happy join us. Admission 10c.
OAKLAND Psychical Society, Fraternal Hall,
Washington ft.. 7:30 p. m., Madame Mon-
tague will lecture and answer questions; one
of the magi from the East will take port
in the meeting.
AT DR. RINKS' Spiritual Boctey, 909 Market
St.; 11, free; 2 to 8 p. m., 10c; Mrs. Scaly,
. Olllingham, Vickers; Mr. Fisher, all tests.
Dr.'s office, ME Market; Wed. 335 McAllister.
MADAME MONTAGUE'S meeting will be
transferred to spiritualistic headquarters, old
, Supreme Court; comer Larkin and McAllis-
ter sts; watch Wednesday's Call.
DR. M. MUCHLENBRBCH— Test circle Tues-
day evening; consultations daily; office
Brunswick Hotel. Oakland: no hall meeting
until further notice.
TEST developing circle. 2 p. m.; 8 p. m.. test
meeting. 10c. 335 McAllister st. R. A. Stitt.
Mia. Meakln, Hargrave, Butler. Evens, Gil-
llnfTham, ■ them.
KATIE HEUSSMAXN. sittings daily 11; test
cirde Friday evening, 25c. 115 Franklin st.
FREE thought Pythian Castle, 909 Market. 8
this p. m., Sawkins lectures on "Holy Ghost."
897 MARKET, to-night: tests: Mrs. Wr.-n-i;
others; questions answered; admission free.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing ethereallzlng
seance; S p. m.; 00c. tut L«:avenworth «t.
M.li YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night; 10c: boy orator. CCa McAllister st.
MRS. FAVRE. 1133 Mission St., to-night; spir-
itual test meeting: free; no collection.
IfRSaHENDEE ROGERS: Inspirational lecture
and tests to-night; 10c. 122 Taylor st,
ELSIE REYNOLDS, last materializing Sunday
evening, Me. 222 O'Farrell st.
MRS.' EGGERT AlTj^..n test medium; sit-
tings daily 320 McAllister st.
-— — — — .NOTICES.
SPECIAL Notice — California Comman-,^* —
dory No. 1, K. T.— Officers and mem- < TsTirp
bers are hereby notified to assemble In Ei .
the asylum THIS DAY (SUNDAY), at •
6:30 o'clock p. m., for the purpose of attend-
ing EASTER SERVICES at the First Con-
gregational Church. By order of
SIR JOHN P. FRASER, Em. Com.
- SIR HIRAM T. GRAVES, Recorder.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M. a '
—Called meeting TO-MORROW (MON- A
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. First "jK>f
Degree. /▼>
C. D. BUNKER, Secretary.
HARMONY Lodge No. 13, I. O. O. - 1 LA _
F. — The officers and the funeral -Jygjßfe
committee of the above lodge are -Sr 6( *BSS!p7
hereby notified to assemble at Odd "*...■'
Fellows' Hall, corner Market and Seventh
its., on SUNDAY, April 10. at 1 p. m.. for
the purpose of attending the funeral of our
late brother, JACOB NAGEL. By order
CHARLES QUAST.F. Sec.
PICNIC— St. Andrew's Society— The v CTv
St. Andrew's Society will hold Its jj, QIM
annual picnic at Fairfax. " SATUR- >BvXS?
DAY, May 7. 1898. Round trip **=£NT
tlckats GO cents; children 25 cents. ;-<; -<
J. S. WEBSTER, President.
A. C. BALLINGALL, Secretary.
MEETING NOTlCES— Continued.
THIRTY-SECOND annual gathering . ■& bu
and games of the Culedonlan Club A. \M\JjA
at Shell Mound Park, Berkeley, T_sX_Js
SATURDAY. May U. •*-***
JOHN REID, Chief.
JAB. H. DUNCAN. Sec. . \
EUREKA Grove No. •4, U. A. O. D.— vAj
The officers and the funeral committee gflj
of the above grove are hereby notified "^^
to assemble at Druids' Hall, 413 Sutter St..
on SUNDAY. April 10, at 1 p. m., for the
purpose of attending the funeral of our late
■ brother, JACOB NAG EL. By order
CHARLES QUAST. Secretary.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken. _;
DIVIHE.ND . NOTICES.
COUPONS of the First Mortgage Bonds of the
Sierra Railway Company of California will
be paid on and after April 12 at the office
of the company, room 2SS. Crocker building.
SPECIAL NOTICES. 
IF interosted in fine poultry send your address ;
and 2 cents in stamps to the Santa Teresa |
Poultry Farm. Eden Vale. Cal.. and you will
receive their new illustrated catalogue and
poultry guide.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St., room 6; tel. 6580.
MRS. DR. E. J. WILLIAMS has returned to
472 Stevenson st., corner of Sixth.
MISS FAIRBANKS— Fortunes told: has re-
moved to room 5. 234 O'Farrell st.
EDNA V. GRANT, genuine massage baths.
215 Kearny st., room 2.
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened XL 343
Third st. and 2SOB Twenty-fourth.
MRS. BLAIR and assistants, 963 Mission St..
room 18. massage and alcohol baths.
MISS MAYS, genuine alcohol, Turkish and
magnetic baths. 1007 Market St., room 2.
MISS R. CLEVELAND and assistant from
New York; baths; massage. 29 Grant aye.,
room 6.
MISS L. DEAN, genuine Turkish baths. 906
Market Et., room 29. second floor.
FANNIE DAVIS returned; massage baths. 121
Post St.. room 10. second floor front.
MME. HAN3EN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st. .
MRS. STEWERT. genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120V4 Geary St., room U.
MISS ANDERSON, baths, massage; Swedish
movement. 906 Market, room 25. second floor.
ALVINE HALL and assistant, genuine cabinet
baths. \:,\* Turk and 111S Market, rim. 15-16.
SITUATIONS AASTKD-
YOUNG woman wants work by the day; Is a
good seamstress or would do mending; $1 25
• per day. 615 Post St. ■
GERMAN woman wishes situation to do gen-
eral housework or keep house; city or coun-
try; $10 to $12 per month. 504 Howard st.
POSITION as stenographer; will accept small
salary; references. M. E. W., 1704 Hyde St.
GERMAN girl wishes a situation as cook and
laundress; private family. Box 3£26, Call.
WANTED— By Scotch Protestant girl, cooking
and housework in private family. 901 Post.
SWEDISH girl wants situation in American
family a good cook and laundress; good ref-
erence. Box 3225. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS seamstress wants work by the
day, week or month. Please carl 508 Taylor;
GERMAN woman with a child wants situa-
tion; a good cook; city or country. 120_
Mission st.
LADY of refinement wishes a position as
housekeeper in small family; references
given; city or country. Box 3230, Call office.
LADY of refinement wishes a position as nurse
and companion to an Invalid; references
given. Box 3140, Call office.
GOOD seamstress and children's dressmaker
would like a few more engagements; 75c a
day. 231 Eleventh st.
REFINED, respectable Eastern woman wishes
position to sew with dressmaker or in fami-
lies; fully competent. Address box 3229, Call.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes work by the
day; $1 day and car fare. 332 Turk st.
WANTED — Situation by a respectable middle-
aged American woman for housework or as
working housekeeper. Call or address 245
Natoma st.
WOMAN wants flannels to wash at her home.
Address MRS. D.. 1745 Hyde st.
AS ■ housekeeper by American widow, elderly;
good cook and laundress; likes children; wid-
ower's family preferred; wages $10 per month. j
; Call 26S Stevenson st.
; COLORED woman wants housework; no heavy
wash; ref. If required. Call 11308 Pacific st.
LADY of refinement. 22. good pianist and
singer, also lady. 35, practical and competent,
would like to go to Dawson City with respon-
! sible parties to fill positions of trust. Address
for one week, box 3136. Call office.
GOOD willing New England woman wishes sit-
uation to do general housework; good plain
cook; city or short distance in the country-
230 Minna st. •
NEAT Erujlinh cook, middle-aged; do the
American style; Kood sick nurse; city or
country'; wages, $12 to $15. 129 Third st.
SKIRTS cleaned and rebound; reasonable;
children's wear a specialty. 1302 Howard St.,
cor. Tenth.
YOUNG woman wishes position as housekeeper
or to do plain mending. 34 Sixth st., room 6.
REFINED American woman and daughter as
working housekeeper; competent to take full
charge; city or country. 217 Eddy St., room 9.
WANTED— By business woman situation in
store or office or as managing housekeeper;
would leave city. Box 3, (..'all office, Oakland.
STYLISH dressmaker wishes engagements,
$1 50; dresses made over; suits made In 1
days; good fitter. S., 1941 Mission st.
REFINED, educated young woman who under-
stands housework; plain cooking; must have
work at once; desires situation; wages $15.
G. G. L., 2526 Mission St.
Nl RSE wishes engagements; f-xperlenced ;
terms reasonable; reference given. MRS.
MARGARET DONOVAN. 240 Taylor st.
WANTED— By neat Protestant woman, elder-
ly, housework in small family; city or
country; strong and able to do such work;
wages, $15. Box 3192, Call office.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker wishes engage-
ments by the day; satisfaction guaranteed;
reasonable terms. Address box 3195. Call.
NKW YORK lady desires a position as house-
keeper for small family; a first-class house-
keeper and. a cood cook; no objection to
country. Box 35™. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a working housekeeper,
good cook and sewer; country preferred. 609
Tennessee St., Potrero.
WOMAN wishes situation to do housekeeping
• or plain mending. 139 Fourth St., room 10,
DURING the summer vacation an engagement
desired by an experienced lady as house-
keeper In a summer boarding-house or private
family; references given and required. Box
115. Palo Alto.
POSITION as teacher desired by a lady
student during the summer; experienced:
French and German: references given and
required. Box US, Pal<v Alto.
LADY of business experience, speaking English
and German, desires position of any kind.
Address I. H., 1C25 San Brunn road. S. F.
YOUNG woman Kith baby wishes work;
I wages no object. Address Newport House, 21
Franklin st., room 26.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman, neat and
saving, desires place on ranch in Fresno
County to cook for men only. Address MRS.
H. DEHASS. Fresno Postofnce. CaJ.
YOUNG woman wishes situation to do house-
keeping or plain mending; no objection to
short distance In rountry. Call or address
1104 Mission st.. room 10.
REFINED, intelligent American lady as man-
aging housekeeper; city or country. Call or
address 34V* Turk St.. room 14.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris, 13 Grant ay.
SITUATIONS V ANTED— MALE.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay st.
JAPANESE Employm't Office— Best help and
North-rn Hscln* Co. 1808 Polk; tel. Polk 422.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
best help. 414H O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE. Chinese Employm't Office; choice
help; tel. Grant BK Geo. Aokl, SO Gear" st.
YOUNG man wants any kind of work; handy
with toots and machinery. Box 3157. Call.
YOUNG German who was working 2 years In a
sausage factory, and afterward in a saloon,
wishes situation. Address box 3147, Call.
SITUATION wanted; a young man Just re-
turned from Alaska desires a position as
bookkeeper, correspondent or clerk; excel-
lent letters of recommendation. .Box 3164, Call.
COACHMAN; can milk, take care of garden
and handy about place; city, Oakland or Ala-
meda; best of references. Box 3157, Call.
MAN and wife want situations to take care of
house; city or country. Box 3145, Call office.
ENGLISHMAN wishing to gain experience In
chicken ranching or vineyard offers his ser-
vices for board and lodging. Box 3159, Call.
SITUATION as gardener by Heady man; city
or country: can milk, drive; handy about
k.,u«u; references. Addxesa box 3i£6, Call.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 10, 1898.
SITUATIONS V ANTED— Com inned.
POSITION urgently wanted as Spanish corres-
pondent or Interpreter by young man well ac-
quainted in town; first-class references
Klvc-n. Box 3206. Call office.
WAN TED— Situation by middle-aged man in or
about laundry, or care of Invalid traveling •
East. Address, care of Swedish oaetor, 13
Glen Park aye.
YOUNG man wants position running steam or
gasoline engine; good driver; can milk and
handy with tools; best of reference. Address
box 3225. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED Scotchman of steady habits
who understands the care of horses and cows
in that or any other capacity; wages not so
much an object. Address box 81S4, Call office.
LANDSCAPE gardener posted In orchard grow-
ing or manager In any large place. Address
D., box 2, Call office, Oakland.
HEAD gardener wishes situation; well posted
in greenhouse work and bedding; married and
best references. Address A., box 6, Call
oiflce, Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS gardener, wants situation; best
of references. Address C, box 7, Call office, :
Oakland.
YOUNG married man, handy with tools and
experienced in farming, would like position in
eountrv good references. Address N. C. NNt. t
IS Clara St., S. F.
SWEDISH man and wife with 2-year-old chljd
would like work on private place or ranch;
man as all round man; woman as cook. Ad- ;
dress box 3232, Call office. ,
WANTED— By a young man, German, kltohen i
work, assist in cooking, waiting, saloon or 1
other work; city or country. Address 11.
VIELITZ, 136 Sixth St., room 7.
COOK for small boarding-house or cook on
board vessel. R. A. R.. 44 Third st.
ATTENDANT, valet or nursa to sick, Invalid
or demented gentleman by young man of |
good address from the East; hospital expert- ]
ence. R. A. ROSCH. 44 Third st.
YOUNG man wishes position in law office or
office wort; best of references; wages nc ob-
ject. Address box 3245. Call office.
POSITION as engineer; lately from the Bast!
32 years of age; 15 years' cxperienoe with
boilers, engines, pumps, dynamos and repair;
has set of tools; run last in planing mill and
furniture factory; best of references. Ad-
dress box 3194, Call office.
SOBER, reliable Englishman wants work of
any kind; oan drive and care for horses, milk,
raise chickens, etc.; handy with tools and
willing It make himself generally useful.
Address Farmer, 764 Mission St., S. F\
YOUNG man would like a situation; is all
round painter, paper hanger, etc. ; also five
years' experience in tinning and plumbing;
no objection to the country- *>2Vs Tehama st.
YOUNG man, experienced In writing up col-
ored telegraph codes, 3 years as Spanish cor-
respondent, first-class accountant, wants In
or outdoor position. Box 32(>S, Call office.
ENGINEER, stationary, wants work at trade
or as night watchman or driver; anything at
living wages; American and married. Ad-
dress 2808 Laguna st.
EXPERIENCED cloak and suit salesman,
with best of references, is open for engage-
' ment. Address box 3203, Call office.
POSITION wanted— clerk, experienced In
Eastern and Western trade. Box 3193 Call.
WANTED— serve as an apprentice as
draughtsman. Address box 3198, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by young man; will do
anything. Box 3196, Call office.
WELL educated businesslike young man of
pleasant address, good talker, knowing
French, English and Russian, desires posi-
tion; best of city references. Box 3222, Call.
BOOKKEEPER, understands thoroughly how
to open and close set of books; best of refer-
ences. Box 3372, Call office.
WANTED— By man and wife, position to take
charge of rooming-house or any place of
trust; are thoroughly competent and reliable;
no objections to country; wife a good pianist.
' Address box 3214, Call office.
BAKER foreman of experience wants work,
city or country; stock or compressed yeast.
Address Baker, 309 Third et., Oakland.
CHINESE boy wants position as good cook In
family. Call 627 Dupont st.
GOOD steady and reliable American cook would
like a good steady place. 654 Mission st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: 20 rooms, 240 to $1 50 night: %1 50 to $8
week; convenient ..nd respectable; free 'bus
and I acreage to and from fer y.
(IS LARKlN— Branch office of the Call. Sub-
fprlption"* find want ada taken.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ' —
Waitress, country hotel, $20 and fare; 2 wait-
resses and : chambermaids, same country
hotel, $20: 2 neat young waitresses, city hotel,
$15; 4 restaurant waitresses; cook, small
hotel, near city, $30. no baking; cook, small
boarding-house, country, $20; waitress, first-
class place, city, $20: 2 lunch waitresses, $3 50;
2 restaurant waitresses, $5 a week. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
LADY'S maid. French spoken, to travel to
France, J3o; mother and daughter to cook on
ranch, see party here. $30; girl, housework.
San Rafael. $lf.; girl, housework. Hanford. $20;
girl, housework, Petaluma, $15; girl for
Napa, $20; 10 girls, housework, city, $20;
ranch cook for Hay wards, $20, see party here;
cook, small city hotel, $30. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
WAITRESS to-day (Sunday), for country hotel,
see party 11 o'clock. $20. and free fare. C. R.
HAXSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
COOK, plain country hotel, $25; women for
housework; second girl for ranch, $20. MUR-
RAY & READY, 63J-636 Clay st.
SECOND girl, private family, near city, $20.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
2 WAITRESSES for Alaska, $20 a week each.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter St.
LADIES Mftsell my toilet specialties. MRS
BUTLER.^oom 324. 806 Market st.
WANTED — Experienced operators on overalls.
33 and 35 Battery St., upstairs.
TEACHERS, business women or nurses can
find good paying positions at room 584 Parrott
building, tor one week.
STRONG, honest young woman to do general
housework, washing and c< "iking; good home
for good girl; $15. 1905 Broadway.
WANTED— First-class hairdresser and mani-
cure. BLOCH'S, 141 Post st.
LADY agents wanted In every county to Bell
Dr. Henry's blood purifier; a positive cure
for rheumatism and all blood diseases; big
profits. W. BACKOFIN. San Jose.
WANTED— First-class tailoress on fine coats.
411H: Kearny St.
WANTED— An apprentice, dressmaking. MRS.
A. J. EASTLAND, 576 Sutter St.; Monday.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on custom pants. Call
at 136 Natoma el.
GIRL for light housework. 3835 Army St., be-
tween Dolores and Church.
GIRL wanted to take care of children; wages
$12. Call between the hours of JO and 12,
XE. corner of Howard and Twenty-first sts.
LADIES earn $S weekly doing needlework at
home; no canvassing: Inclose self-addressed
stamped envelope for reply. STANDARD
NOVELTY CO., 101 Beekman St.. New York.
LADY cashier and matron able to take inter-
est in select and profitable cash business;
references. 313 Bush st.
2 UNDER clerks, wholesale trade, assistant
office cashier and correspondent. 1023 Market.
HAT trimmer wanted. QUINN'S Hat Store.
238 Third St.
LADIES, don't fail to visit the McDowell
School'; it is the largest and best dressmak-
ing and millinery school this side of Chi-
cago; the McDowell system of dress cutting
is the one that received all the gold medals
and diplomas. In our millinery class we
teach the art of stylish millinery; unlimited
lemons; easy payments; special inducements
offered this week. The McDowell Dress-
making and Millinery School, 103 Post st.
ANY woman can earn $1 35 to $2 dally mak-
ing artificial flowers; we teach you In one
day nnd give steady employment; we have
hundreds of workers'; distance frr.m us makes
DO difference; don't delay but send for par-
ticulars. Address Falrfleld Flower Co.. Fair-
field, Maine.
ATTENTION is called to the McDowell draft-
Ing machine; received World's and Midwinter
Fair gold medals: dressmakers and those In-
terested are Invited to call; learn the Mc-
Dowell system and get positions free; dress-
making anil milllr.ery thoroughly taught; the
most successful school this side of Chicago;
patterns cut. 25c. 108 Post st.
WANTED — Experienced operators to work on
flannel, white and fancy shirts. Standard
Shirt Factory, Gough and Grove sts.
EXPERIENCED shirt waist cutter and fitter;
steady employment. M. J. KELLER COM-
PANY, 1105 Broadway. Oakland.
WANTED- A lady between 25 and 80 to learn
dressmaking and do light housework; good
home and fair salary to right person; apply
after 10 a. m. 116 Taylor st.
FIRST-CLASS hairdressers wanted at oi
LEDERER'S. 11l Stockton st.
WANTED— Strong Swedish girl to help In a
kitchen; wages $10 and room. 686 Geary at.
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist. 102') Market
st.: consultation free; fees moderate.
A NO. 1 finishers on cloaks. M. SIMINOFF,
122$ Market st.
HONEST German or Swedish girl, housework;
good plain cook; sleep home; $16. Address
111) Stetner st.
YOUNG girl to learn pants making; good
sewer, paid while learning. 562 Stevenson st.
WANTED— First-class walstmakers at 222 Post
Bt.. rooms 10. v asd IX
, HELP WANTED— Continued.
WANTED— 4 girls, "general ' housework; wages
$20. ' 2326 Santa Clara aye., Alameda. '
MONEY i loaned on • watches, diamonds, jew-
' elry; low Interest. Unue Harris, 15 Grant ay.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns : 25c. MCDOWELL'S. 103 Post.
LAWRENCE Dreescuttlng School. 1079 Market
' St.; perfect fit; no trying on: trial free.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The o—*.
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
, MALE | HELP WANTED.
FRY cook, $60; German second cook. $60; cook
for a restaurant, $12 a week and room; cook,
$3 a week; foreman bread baker, $13 a w»?t*k
and board; baker. New England style. $10 a
week and found; third-hand baker, $25 and
found; waiter, $40: waiter, $25. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. ■' /
ENGINEER for a sawmill, $40 and board:
barker, $35 and board; screw turner, $35 and
board; edger, $30 and board; tunnelman, $2 .'0
a day; woodchoppers, $1 25 a cord, grub ad-
vanced, long job; man about place $16. C. 11.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
COMPETENT barber for a country institution ;
porter and runner, country hotel, $20; bell
boy, $10. c. R. Ha.,.EN & CO., 104 Geary tit.
RAILROAD laborers- free fare; call to-day
(Sunday); office open 11 a. m. C. R. HAN-
. SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Fred Ohlander, please call; driver
for milk route in city, references required, i
$35. per month and found: German cook for I
hotel, near city, $65; milkers, farmers ana
others. W. D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay st.
— _
MURRAY & READY
wants hundreds of men for different positions
in city and country; from $15 to $80 per month :
and found: call • and see us. MURRAY &
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634
and 636 Clay st. ; telephone Main 6S4S.
WANTED— Good dishwasher at 164 Second at.
WANTED — Competent and experienced sales-
man- also an experienced order clerk for city
retail grocery business. Address box 3133,
Call office. ;■>■-. ••■", ■
WORK at home furnished people of either sex
at good wages. For full information address
Labadie Art Company, Kalamazoo, Mich.
WANTED first-class salesmen capable of
selling best retail merchants; positions worth
$200 per month above expenses; references re-
quired. ■ Address THE EASTERN MANU-
FACTURING CO., Manhattan bldg.. Chicago.
BRIGHT boy, about 15. for tea and crockery
store. Columbia Tea Company, 250 Sixth st.
YOUNG, man in restaurant for kitchen and
dining-room; Scandinavian pref. 3034 16th st.
PAINTERS wanted for dry dock. Apply to-
day. ■ EDMONDSON, 220 Brannan St.
WANTED— At once, first-class waiter and
oyster man. M. B. MOKAGHAN, 68 Cali-
fornia Market.
DISHWASHER wanted at 1212% Polk St.,
Model Restaurant. . " ; . . V,
COAT, vest and trouser makers wanted. Apply
at 11 a. m. at the Stevenson-st. entrance to
CHARLES LYONS', 721 Market st.
COATMAKER for the country. P. GREEN-
BERG & CO., room 29. Flood building.
MARRIED Janitor at once who can furnish
bonds, with references. 1023 Market st.
ATTENDANT for electric elevator, man and
wife: position of responsibility. 1023 Market.
BOOKKEEPER, shop timekeeper, collectors
and salesmen to call at once. 313 Bush st.
MAN and wife to manage together light profit-
able cash business. 313 Bush st.
STENOGRAPHER and bookkeeper, stationer's
and publishing installment house. Particulars
313 Bush st. • • •;■;..-..
$20 PER week and percentage gross receipts, !
managing partner cash business. 313 Bush.
ASSISTANT office manager, $60: quick ad- I
vancement to right party. 313 Bush st. ■■■ •
RESIDENT managing partner, for cash busi- ;
ness, Stockton, $200; Investment fully se- i
cured; weekly allowance $16 at start; an ex-
cellent opening. for an active young business
man. Particulars 313 Bush st.
SEVERAL valuable commercial positions for !
eligible men as bookkeepers, clerks, sales-
men, etc. Rooms 2 and 3, 313 Bush st.
GERMAN grocery- clerk under 20 years; must
live with parents. 901 McAllister st.
WANTED— A good blacksmith helper. Inquire
at 316 McAllister St. .--V:
TINSMITHS wanted. Apply to POWER &
■ PIKE, 49 Sacramento st. . -.
WANTED — Feeder for pon- . cylinder . press;
give wages expected and experience. Box
3237, Call Of flee. ■' ■ ■
WANTED — Salesman experienced In I crockery \
or grocery line; ■ give wages ;■ expected . and !
experience.- Box 3234, Call office. -
EXPERIENCED coat and pants maker. 225%
Montgomery st. ; steady job. " -
WANTED— Montana House,. 764% Mission;
men to take rooms; 10c, : 15c and 25c per
night: 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
PARTNER with $25 to invest in profitable cash
.business; honorable; no competition; please i
Investigate Mon., Tues. 108 Taylor St., room 2. |
BOY. 13 to 17. reliable and honest, willing to
-travel and wait on gentleman for board and
clothing; to right person a snap; no, wages; '
send stamp for answer. J., box 7, Call office,
Oakland.
WANTED- and women; work home; I pay
$8 to $16 a week for making crayon portraits;
new patent method: any one who can read or,
write can do the work In spare time, day or
evening; send' for particulars at once. H. A.
GRIPP, German Artist. Tyrone, Pa.
7 YOUNG men, 1 blacksmith, for voyage south; I
good wages. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
FARMER In country on salary to obtain
poultry, egg shipments. Box 3299, Call office.
NEAT boy to wait on tables and help In
kitchen; boarding house. 739 Fourth st.
A NO. 1 presser on cloaks. M. SIMINOFF,
1228 Market st. ■ .
MEN to learn barber trade In . eight weeks. 8.
F. Barber College. 135% Eighth st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps, United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men. between the ages of
21 and 30 years. . who are citizens of th»
United States, or those who have leg&U/ de-
clared their Intention to become such; must
be of good character and habits and able to
speak, read and write - English, and be be-
tween 5 feat 5 Inches and 6 feet in height
For further Information apply at the re-
crulttng office, 20 Ellis San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— men to occupy clean ■ rooms; I
nights 26c or 75c week. 105 New Montgomery.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia, Europe. Herman's, ; 26 Steuart St.
GOOD barber wanted: steady for Saturday and
Sunday. 505 Broadway.
500 PAIR of men's new and seond hand shoes
half price; half soling 35c. 959 Howard st. .
SAILORS and ordinary seamen 1 wanted at
LANE'S. 604- Davis st., near Jackson.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. .
HEADQUARTERS for cooks. > waiters and oth-
er help. E. SIMON. 643 Clay st.
WANTED— Laborer? and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 -hlrd it.; 150 larg*
- rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. 8.
FUCHS. Sec. 325 Grant aye.: tel. Grant 138.
MARKET, 863»4 (Elcho House)— Single rooms,
12 1 ,ic, 15c to 25c per night; week. 75c, $1, $1 25.
BARBERS' Progressive Union: free employ-
ment. Bernard, Secy., 102 7th; tel. South 623.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near
' Market: 200 rooms. 25c a night; reading-room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from he ferry.
ROPKDALE House 321 Ellis— Rooms 2f>c to $1
: night; $I. to $4 week : hot and cold baths.
SINGLE rooms. 10c and 15c night: 75c and $1
week. L,\ndMl House. Sixth end Howard sta.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. . Knox Collection Agency. ■ 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market Bt.. below Sixth.
for a room : 2Sc a night: SI a week.
AGENTS WASTED.
AGENTS wanted for the * "Life and Work of
• Frances Wlllard" ; only edition authorized by
:.' the W. C. T. U. ; liberal terms. ; Address Na-
■i tional Publishing Co.. Lakeside, Chicago.
AGENT'S outfit free; new agent one day made
$96 selling our 'Safe-Desk." Baker Safe Co.,
Chicago, 111.. Department S.
RELIABLE man : with large . acquaintance j can
■ obtain ■ permanent position; ' prominent Insur-
ance office. Address B. A., box 15. Call office.
*.'■' ■';'[ PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER wanted In a long established elec-
tric supply, and construction. business; full in-
vestigation; a rare chance. : Box 319:', Call. . •
.WANTED— Partner for dyeing and ■ cleaning
:r business: must be a dyer. ; 929 Folsom st. ■■ ■•>:, ■„■
''-■ FURNITURE \ : . WANTED. ' ;
HIGHEST prices to fill new building «40 Ula-'
slon tt, ; -tel-Mlnt ISM, t ■'> :, '-' ■ :■'■■
} INDIANA Auction i Co. : Removed to II Mont-
, tomery at.; highest prices paid. Tel. Davis 71
HOUSES WANTEp.
WANTED— Cottage 7 rooms; no children. Box
8227. Call offic«. '
Ji ATS WANTED-
WANTED— Furnished or unfurnished flat of S
or 7 rooms, between Stelner and Buchanan
and McAlliEter and Tom sts. ; would like to
let a new high-grade bicycle apply toward
rent. Address .box 3122. Call office.
ROO3IS AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED— 2 furnished or unfurnished sunny
rooms and board in the neighborhood of Fell
St. and Masonic aye. for lady ar.d child; ref-
erences exchanged. Address, stating terms,
location, etc.. box 3200, Call office.
FATHER and 2 children In a refined Catholic
family; clergy reference wanted and given.
Address box 32iS. (..ill office.
W ANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— SaiI boat for missionary purposes,
10 or 15 tons; must be cheap; give size, age,
maker, etc. Address box 3201. Call office.
WANTED — An ark; must be !n good condition
and cheap for cash; give price, size and
where ark can be seen. Box 3210, Call office.
PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus; second-
hand. 109 Montgomery st.
PAWNBROKER— OId gold, silver, cast-oft
clothing bought. Add. COLKMAN. 41 Third.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
DREDGING" prTvl leges" for ~sale~ on ~Canadlan
rivers In the Klondike by a company owning
the largest number of claims of any company
In the Northwest. C. P. DEYOE, Agent Oc-
cidental Hotel.
CARPENTERS, blacksmiths! plu bers and
ICOOd men at general work who are going to
Dawson can on the way up work out $150
of their fare, via St. Mlcnasl. A, -ply The
Gold Star Co.. Mills building. San Fran.
RESPECTABLE young lady wishes to Join re-
liable expedition to Alaska. Address, stating
terms, etc., box 3138, Call office.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
GENUINE arctic fur clothing; heavy woolen
clothing. L. LEVY, Battery and Jackson sts.
OCEAN or river steamers, sailing vessels and
launches for sale. H. O. SHAW, 4 Sutter st.
KLONDIKE pack mules and burros for sale.
Horan Stockyards. Tenth and Bryant sts.
MUSICAL. INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi- i
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash. Bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Stelnway Dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house !
west of Chicago Is KOHLER A CHASE'S.
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell pt. Pianos, organs
and all other musical Instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
NEW FIRM. NEW NUMBER.
NEW GOODS. NEW PRICES.
New pianos rented. $3 per month. Repairing
and tuning a specialty. Our prices can not
be equaled in San Francisco.
BCOTT-CDRTAZ PIANO CO.. 580 Hayes st.
A FINE line of second-hand pianos offered
this week at very low prices, including
Steinways, Chickerlng. Hallett & Davis,
Emerson and others. THE F. W. SPENCER
CO., 933 Market st.
ONE Newhall plane $5S
One Zech piano 70 '
One Fischer piano *) '
Twenty others »t all prices.
BENJ^CURTAZ & SON. 16-20 O'Farrell.
THE best pianos, the lowest prices are offered
by Zeno Mauvals Music Co., 769 Market; agts.
for the celebrated Decker & Son pianos.
BOHMER & CO. Byron Mauzy. Newby. Evans,
Brlggs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. 308. 310. 312 Post st.
$75— BARGAIN; good Fisher plano^ SCHMITZ,
16 McAllister St., next Hlbernla Bank.
SMALLEST ad.; lowest price; $2 per month up;
apply on sale. HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
GOOD German baby grand piano. 1175 Valen-
cia st.
HORNUNG'S new scale pianos; an unpre-
cedented success. 216 Post st.
AGENCY Halnes Bros, pianos; second-hand
pianos, $75 up. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new stylts.
KOHLER & CHASE, 30 OFarrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
MONTGOMERY^ 627. corClay-^pen until 9:SO
o'clock: branch office of The Call; subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
THE leading violets for the leading people;
60,000 strong plants for sale; Princess of
Wales and Lady Hume Campbell, $3 per 100, i
$1 To per 50: Golden Gate, California, Marie ;
Louise and Swanley White, $2 per 100, $1 2o i
per 50. Also 400 assorted palms from 1 to 3 i
feet hljh, from 2R cents to $1 25 each; shrubs '
in variety; dahlias a specialty, 5 cents each, j
50 cents per dozen; seeds for sale from finest ,
strains; special rate* to the trade. C. CROCK-
FORD, Grower, Colma, San Mateo County;
take San Mateo electric car.
RARE chance on account of departure; for sale
cheap. 1 large vault in Calvary Cemetery.
Box 3183, Call office.
6 COIN silver new forks, In box; a nice wed-
ding present, for $10. UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant aye.
BUTTONHOLE manufacturing machine, sec-
ond hand, $35, 624 Elizabeth St.; Castro cars.
FOR Sale— slsoo; men's shoestore and repairing;
moms and garden. 106 Ninth st.
FOR SALE— Small aviary with birds. In-
quire 449 Fifth st.
FANCY poultry for sale; Cochins, Plymouth
Rocks, Buff Leghorns. 910 Pierce st.
A PRETTY, Improved plat In Odd Fellows'
Cemetery. 304 Ttilrd st.
$300— SCHOONER yacht for Bale; 44 feet long.
Box 3209, Call office.
DOMESTIC sewing machine. 5 drawers; almost
new; cheap. 1915 Mission st.
BOILERS, engines, 2d hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 137 Beale st.
10-HORSE power Nagle steam engine at a bar-
gain; call at once. 654 Mission st.
FOR SALE— Billiard, pool, Tlvoll table. 1
pigeon hole and 1 roulette wheel at a sacri-
fice. 757 Harrison st.
LITHO engraving battle-ship Maine, framed
and unf rained; framlnp with glass 7x9 Inches,
10c: SxlO anil 10x12. X.c: 11x14 and 12x16, 20e:
14x17. 25c; 16x20, 30c; 18x22, 35c; 20x24. 45c; 22x ,
2S. 60c; curtnin poles complete. 15c; rm. mold-
Ing, all colors, lc ft;open eve. Jones 547 Mission
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture anil fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission st., above Sixth.
FOR SALE— Two pumps, engine and boiler
and large iron tank. Apply HAVENS &
TOEPKE. Architects, 55 Flood building.
GAS fixtures very low; large assortment: 1
and 2-bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
ENGINE, boiler, dynamo, motor, belts and
pump. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; Tel. So 757.
SAFES— New and second-hand: cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc, 1533 Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand: all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
GRAPHOPHONES. $10; Records, $5 per doz.;
$100. Baclgalupl. 933-JM6 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARS, showenses, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Snventh.
SEWING BIACIIINES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing; lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold;
mnchlne supplies. 145 Sixth st.: phone Mint 45.
CARPEI CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works; cleans,
moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
88 and 40 Eight i St.; telephone South 260.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDINGS Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-57 Tehama St. ; tel. So. 40.
CARPETS cleaned, renovated like new. J.
McQUEEN, 453 Stevenson st. ; tel. S. 228.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter:
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovat-
ing, alteration wks, 413 McAllister; Jessie 321.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c. per yard; it-laid at 3c.
STRATTON. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet - Cleaning
Works. 14 Sth St. B. GRANT; tel. Jessie 201.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co., 240 14th
ct. ; cleaning, 3c. a yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONK LIN'S Carpet-Beatlns Works. 333~Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Tbe Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50. postage
free.
HYPNOTISM-
COLLEGE Sug. Therapeutics, 247 Larkln; sci-
ences; hypnotism; private lessons aft., evg. ;
classes Mon..Thur. cv. Mrs. Dr.Turman.pres.
CAL. Institute, 406 Geary; hypnotism taught;
diplomas issued; diseases and habits cured.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRB. DR. F. CLARK,
THE WORLD'S GREATEST MEDIUM AND
CLAIRVOYANT, ■
HAS LOCATED PERMANENTLY AT
1206 MARKET ST.
TRUTHFUL IN HER PREDICTIONS.
J RELIABLE IN HER ADVICE.
No matter what trouble you may have with
yourself or others, come and she will guide
you. She advises you with a certainty higher
than human power.
Mrs. Clark Is Recognized by the Press
Medical faculty and scientists generally as
the foremost medium In the country, and
1 should not be classed with card-readers, for-
tune tellers, palmists, astrologers and similar
humbugs. .=•'..: • . .
Mrs. Clark, the brilliant star of her profes-
sion, acknowledged by the press and public
of two continents as .the most remarkable
medium and clairvoyant, is permanently 10-
cated In San Francisco, and may be con-
sulted from 9 a. m. to 6 p. m.. dally and Sun-
day. 'Mrs. Clark's past record and strictly
honorable dealings are sufficient guarantee for
her future work, and have won her the good
will of the press and people.
HONEST, FEARLESS AND CAPABLE.
She Is the foremost medium of the day. She
fully understands the responsible position she
Is placed In by the remarkable gift she Is en-
dowed with, and she will try her best to help
those who neeu hel- and advise . those who
need advice, and do all In her power to show
all her honest callers plainly and In forcible
language how to gain happiness and prosperity.
HER REVELATIONS ARE MOST WONDER-
- FUL •
And Acknowledged to be of the highest order,
not made to satisfy . idle curiosity only, but
intended to give those who seek the truth a
permanent benefit. She does not cater to the
superstition of the ignorant and credulous peo-
ple. If you are In doubt that she can and will
perform all she claims, feel yourself invited to
call, and she will give you a more substantial
proof of her marvelous power than you have
ever before received from mortal.
If marriage, sickness, deaths, changes, trav-
els, divorces, separations, lawsuits, business
transactions, wills, deeds, mort<af,os. lost or
absent friends Interest you, if you desire to be
more successful, if you desire to have your do-
mestic troubles . removed, your lost love re-
turned, your bitterest enemies converted Into
stanch friends— ln a word, whatever may be
your troubles, suspicions or desires, call on this
gifted woman and she will send you away
happier, wiser and bolder than ever before.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK'S MAGIC BELT,
THE GREATEST OF ALL TALISMANS.
A charm (also called a talisman .or amulet)
possesses the power to protect Its possessor
against any evil and promote his luck, happi-
ness* and' health. 1 This power it obtains from
its manufacturer, who from and through her
(supernatural power transmits the same to the
talisman.
A charm can be made ' for ■ any purpose. It
may serve as. a protector on a journey or at
home, against accident or evil Influence, which
It destroys; it may- guide you ■ safely through
any perilous enterprise,'- may help you to com-
plete your business transactions profitably. In-
suring -you against loss, and thus assist you to
acquire wealth.
It may be of a mesmeric — drawing
others' affections toward you and j thus secur-
ing for you friends among strangers, and even
converting enemies into friends . and bringing
esteem, love and friendship from all.
It may possess a healing power and cure
diseases by its simple application.
THE MAGIC BELT
Contains within Itself the virtues of several or
all other single charms ■ combined, ■ and Is the
most powerful talisman . that has • ever been
made.
What Is your vocation In life? How have
you prospered? What are your hopes for the
future? •;:'■"-■
Every person is specially adapted to some
particular business, profession or trade, which
may justly be termed their true vocation, and
yet more than half of you are fighting against
an unknown fate for fame, fortune and posi-
tion which you do not and cannot obtain until
you find your true vocation.: " . •
If you are contented with your present work
you have found your true vocation and success
will attend you; but If dissatisfied, and all Is
going against you. it -Is an evidence that you
have not found your true vocation. A visit to
Mrs. Clark will soon settle this all-Important
question and your true vocation pointed out to
you, and If possessed of only a moderate degree
of brains and energy success will be sure to
attend you. She advises you with a certainty
by a higher than human power as to the proper
course to pursue in life. . Her descriptions of
your friends and enemies are as real as though
they stood before you. Call and test the madam
to your heart's content, and you will depart
thoroughly satisfied that there is at least one
reliable medium and clairvoyant now In your
midst. Nothing In life too obscure for her to
reveal.
Office Hours— 9 a. m. -to 8 p. m. dally and
Sunday. Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by
mall. Send stamp for circular with special
terms. . . . .'" f ---. ' . ■ ■'■..'
' All business sacred and confidential.
Sickness, losses, deaths,. etc., will be omitted
from your reading at your request, otherwise
everything, good and bad. will be given.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK,
1206 • MARKET ST., PARLORS 15 AND 26
(TAKE ELEVATOR).
San Francisco, Cal.
12W 1204
Cut this out, as It appears Sundays only. .
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while . entranced she
, will teveal every hidden mystery In life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separate, recovers lost,
stolen or burled property ; locates treasures,
minerals: tells your entire life, past, present
and future, while In a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to 5 p. m. ; perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall. Send stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 26, 1206- Market St., opp. Sixth.
MRS. EMILY MOORE, 833 Howard This
wonderful medium stands alone without
equal. Is not a pretender, but a genuine
medium, and has been from birth. Can hy
this wonderful power tell your very thoughts
and all that troubles you. -No matter: what
your : wishes are she can gain them for you
In a very short time. Will bring back the
ones you love and make them true to you.
If you are ■In bad " luck call and she will
change It for you. Tells your lucky day to
■ undertake anything. Makes marriages and
will give you exact date when you '.will
marry. Will give you luck In ••ver/tiiins you
undertake. • Finds • hidden treasures.. Re-
moves drunkenness, rheumatism and all long-
standing ailments. Can be seen on all mat-
ters of business.' love, courtship and anything
- you want to know. All letters promptly
answered; enclose stamp. Hours 10 a. m. to
Bp. m. . • .
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader; born double veil and second sight:
diagnoses disease; full life reading: ladles 50c,
. gents sl; palm, and clalrv.: sit. $1 CO. 126 Turk.
GYPSY ; life reader ■ gives correct answers to
all questions; L.. 25c; 0., ROc: no sign. 3 7th.
-MME. SYBILLE. cradle to grave; future hus-
. band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently: business
advice: names given;. 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
MISS PEARL HARRISON, card reader and
magnetic healer. Room 2, 120% Geary st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First in ncr pro-
T. fesslon; never falls; advice: help. 929 Post.
MME. MOREAU. best medium and card-
reader: 25c up: : charms given. 73 Fourth st.
MME. LE NORMANDE. reliable clairvoyant,
, card reader, magnetic treatment. 401 Leavnwth.
; 0 SPIRITUALISM.
OAKLAND, California Hall. Eleventh and Clay
sts.;-Mme.;Toung's grand opening test meet-
Ing, Wednesday evening. April IS; boy
; I orator, : Professor Young; 10c. .-■ ' .-■-.■
MAUD " FOSTER,: fortune teller: ladles and
■ gentlemen, 25c. 34 Sixth' St.. room 8. -
A— Consult the : lucky medium. - 41 • Minna at.;
basement. ;. .-,:• ..-■.'.- -■'-•'-' * ■■ ■»'
MRS. J. :J. WHITNEY, trance test ; medium.
232 Stockton St.: old N0. ' 218. -
MRS. SHRINER. clairvoyant for business and
;, spiritual sittings. -120 A Eddy; St.. room 3. > .
MRS SHAFFER *3 test " and - business medium ;
.■■-■ sittings dally. 123V4 Sixth at., room 14.
MRS. ELLIS. , medium. 233 Valencia; sittings.
$1; circles Tues.. 2; Sat, eve.. Bp. m.; 25c, :
M. ' FRANCES.' Independent slate-writing me-
dium. 118 Hai«ht at. - , ; ■.':< .
DU;.iXECJ CHANCES.
i&fiaiid! S Lss^S: E 1
™ ™\ »S MaVket-r
a *SOO— CORNER grocery and bar; without
n «4?n_<;aloon- old-established, good locatl m
an^^Xrgain, ir , saloo.s^^a,,-
restaurants. AN DlvK»u^_«^_^j !
FIRST-CLASS~cas"h grocery and bar; one of
F the best corners hin city; fine horse and
C^C^'uil^sJE^g^G-ir^^rLi
WANTED— One River Captain. .
Two River Mates. .:.!-;•
One Marine Engineer. ..
Two Cooks.
By responsible Yukon' River company who
own their new steam dredger and jew, rtver
boat; free transportation;. board and lodging,
steady employment; wages paid montW ,
bank and commercial r ? !er ? nc '*-™}l^ t
must invest In company's stock a r ™?**
position wanted. E. C. V\ LBS; 602_Market.
AN opportunity to one who would take apart
interest in a business of twelve years stand-
• ing In San FranciFCo; no menial "'":*• j' 1 '
owner must be away a great deal dntu the
day, so wishes a partner who «£" u nl] °? n^:
terested enough ito attend to. the dusiii^j
during his absence; must invest f7»; rei r-
ences exchanged. Address box 3133, O«I oKic.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant for sale in very best
town across the bay; located on corner^ or
two of the most prominent streets; Practically
without opposition In its neighborhood, pos-
itively clearing $200 to $250 per month; owner
there over 7 years and offers his business at
a great sacrifice on account of departure
north; no reasonable offer refused. J. <-. **••
box 12, Call office, Oakland. --•-'■'
PARTNER wanted In an old established real
estate and collection business; first-class or-
flce fixtures, horse and buggy; $3000 on books;
collecting monthly; small amount of money
required. Box 3207, Call office. ;
RELIABLE business man connected with larg-
est house on Market St., offers for sale inter-
est in his "system for playing the races ; in
successful use every, day; Immense returns;
small capital; references given and required;
price $100. Box 3158, Call office.
I HAVE a device for preserving eggs that will
enable me to ship to Klondike the quantity
required for its winter supply; want partnel
with money; large profits. Address box 3.
Station 5, Los Angeles, Cal. -^V
PARTNER wanted with $500 or more capita/
to invest in domestic business; chance of 4
lifetime. ! Address Dermatologist, box 3. Call
office, Oakland. Ori '
GOOD Investment; $700; old-established busi-
ness; fine location ; good reasons for selling;
no agents. Box E. X, V, Call branch office,
106 Eleventh St. ___,
FOR sale— The Argonaut saloon, corner Twelfth
and Mission sts.. .on account of. sudden de-
■ parture. Call between 11 a. m. and 4 p. m.
WANTED— . buy small stock of shoes; city
or country; must be a bargain for cash; stata
particulars. Box 3159, Call office.
GOOD family restaurant, with candy, cigar
and bakery store; good trade; great bargain;
$250. Including furniture. Box 31S8. Call.
A CHANCE— $500 buys Interest In a well-estab*
lished business; $1000 yearly sure; Inquire
personally. R. BENJAMIN. 11l Ellis st.
WOOD and coal yard; 333 Third St.; old-estab-
lished stand; large and roomy; to rent for
$25. per month.
TO Coal yard, with stable of 20 stalls; old-
established stand; rent reasonable. 2622 Mis-
sion 5t....- ■ -- -- - ■■■■ - : ■-" '■*■":-■■
LAUNDRY route for sale at a sacrifice; horse,
, wagon. Apply 2852 Sixteenth st, after 3 p. m.
$100— SALOON and 4 llvine ■ rooms; rent $10.
83 Clementina st., near Second. ' =:
FOR Barber-shop in Call building- For
particulars apply room 213, second noor.
COMPLETE furniture of restaurant for sale*.
Address box. 3236,- Call office. "
$200— ESTABLISHED corner grocery and bar.
Box 3132. Call office.
ANY one who has from $5000 to $25,000 to In-
vest in the best dairy, hog and wood propo-
sition on the Pacific Coast will find it to
their Interest to • write for particulars to
R. W. SWEET, Klrkwood, Cal.
$150 invested actually earns 35 per cent weekly
profits; rare chance; no stock or Klondike
scheme; safe enterprise; control capital your-
self. D.Sloane, 110 St. Paul St.. Baltimore. Md.
$1200 , buys a flourishing business; wood and
coal; boarding and feed stable; owner going',
to Klondike: business across the bay. Ac)^
dress box 3204, . Call office. , •
SALOON and lunch house, near. old City Hall;
cheap; owner leaving city. 619 Merchant st.
FOR SALE— Restaurant and " chophouse; best
location ; s opposite the ferries. . IS East st.
$75— NOTION and cigar store; three nice rooms;
rent $12. 155 Eleventh St. ' .
OLD-ESTABLISHED restaurant for sale. See
owner jat 136 First st. .
$75— BRANCH bakery; 1155 Howard at.; three
living rooms; rent $15.
EXPERIENCED butcher wishes half Interest »
In good paying market or In saloon business
with right party. Box 3215, Call office.
DRUG store; old established; In Western Addi-
tion; suitable for physician; reasonable. Ad- «.'
dress box 3371, Call office.
CORNER saloon; opposite factory; sell on
account of death. 112} Harrson st.
PAPER route wanted. Address box 3211. Call
office. :
FIRST-CLASS restaurant for. sale; reason,
. must go to the interior to ranch; will stand
1 full Investigation. Apply at Call office.
WANTED— A partner with a capital of $800 la
a bakery and coffee house doing $1000 busi-
ness. 82 Pacific aye., Santa Cruz, Cal.
CORNER saloon In manufacturing portion of
city. . Inquire Albany Brewery. H :
ON "account of going, to the mines, grocery and
bar for sale at a sacrifice. Southwest corner
Twenty-sixth and Bartlett sts. ■:-' . ;
DRUG store for sale; good location: good trade 5
easy rent; cheap for cash. Address D., box
4, Call office.
PALACE Bakery for sale; doing a good busi-
ness in the town of Salinas; owner retiring
to go East. Address P. O. box 245, Salinas.
$400— Bakery: ■ store trade $10. to $12 day; good
outside route; owner obliged to leave city.
Apply Call Office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
■W. CAS WELL & CO.'S, 415 Sacramento st.
RESTAURANT j and bar for sale. Apply 10T
Berry St., near Third.
FOR sale— lcecream, candy and notion store.
337 Sixth st. ;tno agents.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jew-
■ elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
PATENTS— SMITH & OSBORN. Regist'd Pati,^
Agents; established 1862. 319 Pine St.. city. T^
: LODGINU HOUSES . FOR SALE.
50 ROOMS: rent $125; sunny corner: owner
leaves for Alaska: IS rooms clear $•«?... $.00
10-room flat; sunny corner «*
25-room house; sunny corner JWO
22-room house; fine corner .- jOt'O
29-room house: clears $150: must 5e11..... :200
29 rooms: near Palace Hotel: rent $65...-. UN
22-room house; new and good. ••••■-• "0
60 rooms; rent $65; clears shout $.0 month;
snap. H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
-r.AT?riATV LIST HI
14-room, Sutter St.. doctor's offices $ 450
18 rooms,' lovely house, yard, sunny 650
20 rooms, brand new corner: payments 1200
23 rooms, corner. Income $250 ..2100
28 rooms, rent $50, part cash 400
32 rooms, rent $100, offices only 1000
45 rooms, central, worth $3000 1500
WINSTON & CO., 646 Market St.
HOTEL to let. 56 rooms; bar: bath; laundry
and wash rooms; one blocK from Union'
Iron Works, sugar refinery, gas works, em-
ploying over 3000 men; will be fitted up to
suit desirable tenant. Address MAURICE G.
PACKSCHER. 1249 KentucKy st. .;
36-ROOM lodging-house. * centrally 'located In
Oakland; In good condition; $40 per month.
HUGH -M. CAMERON, House Broker, 479
Ninth St.. Oakland, Cal. •- ;
FURNISHED house of 20 rooms,- bath, new,
modern ; - owner going away. ■ Address box
,3125. Call office: . .... „ ; ...... .
MONEY loaned on watches,, diamonds, jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris,. 15 Grant ay.
LODGING house of .16 rooms, I well furnished
and full of roomers. 136 Sixth st. . .
ELEVENTH, Branch " office of The CalL
-. Subscriptions and want ads taken.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FOR SALE— rooms or complete, for house-
keeping; nearly new; party leaving the city
Box 3202, Call office. '.. -...• .1 . ;, vy '
FURNITURE flat 4 rooms, piano; no dealers
- SULLIVAN. BROS..- Seventh and Natorna sts'.
FOLDING bed, also set combined,' for $15 • alan
. sideboard, . $10. 821 Howard st. -. ■ : : ' , - '
FURNITURE for- sale; house 'to ■ rent Anr.lv
■• at 1421 Clay st ; \ ' ; - * "
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. ■ Clay— Open until 9 M "
o'clock: branch office of The Call. BubacriD~ «j
* tions and want ads taken. • - ' * 7
TYPEWRITERS. 4
ALL i typewriters • sold and rented; few B»rtlr
, r used for sale ; cheap ; , send f or • sample* and "
prices.' ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 MontgomeryCITY -.EAX ESTATE.
O. H. UMBSEN & CO..
: REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
14 Montgomery st.
A GOOD INSIDE INVESTMENT. _
$11,000— I'lne st.; three 2-story houses of 7
rooms and bath each: rents $»08 per annum,
NxliQ to rear street; if 4 small flats were built
on the rear street this would be one or the
best paying Investments In the city.
GOOD INVESTMENT CORNER
$5500— Only 1 block from Market. Halght and
Valencia sts.; 6 substantial flats; rents $1140
per annum; 87:6x80; both streets accepted.
GOLDEN GATE AYE. INVESTMENT.
$8000 Rents $780 per annum: two --story and
basement bouses of 7 rooms and bath each.
brick foundation; stone sidewalks; opposite
Jefferson Park.
A SNAP TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
$Moo— \ good investment corner near Seven-
teenth and Valencia st».; 3 houses an.l 2 tlats;
reins $73$ ter annum; houses could and should
be niisr.l and stores put underneath; a i^usi-
neaz bk«.k; lot ixlOO.
HAVES ST.-COOD LOCATION.
37.W1— » substantial fiats of 7 and 6 rooms
and bat each; stable on rear street; :jxl2U; .
Croat . both streets accepted.
AN ELEGANT RESIDENCE CHEAP.
$7000— A fine home: all modern improvements
and conveniences; Pine st., elite location.
ELEGANT RESIDENCE ON HAIGHT ST.
$6750— A good snap, on account o£ foreclosure
of mortgage: an elegant Eattlake mansion of
12 rooms and bath; all modern Improvements;
opposite a park; 27x137:6.
TWO NICE MODERN FLATS.
$6500— Very cheap down-town Investment;
Leavenworth St.; 2 handsome nats Of 7 and 6
rooms and bath each; rents $52 50 per month; j
17:6x107:6.
NICE WESTERN ADDITION HOME.
$GJ^XX— 2-story residence of I rooms and bath;
brick foundation; stable; large lot 37:6x137:6;
Webster st
A GOOD INVESTMENT ON GEARY ST. ]
$500i>— Improvements of little value; ranting
for $41 50 per month; 30x96.
COZY COTTAGE ON FOLSOM ST.
$3250— Cozy bay-window cottage of 5 rooms
and bath; brick foundation, etc.; 80x37:6; nice
flower garden; easy terms.
GOOD LOT FOR STORE AND FLATS.
$27&0— Sacramento m., 27:t>x132:7H; street ao-
cepted; business block,
SOUTH SIDE BARGAIN TO CLOSE ESTATE.
$21*)— Fronts on ! streets; 2 ruts: rents $30;
this Is a »Rap; must be sold to close an estate;
near Seventh and Folsom £ts.
MISSION FLATS CHEAP.
$1900— Rents $26 per month; 2 fiats of 6 rooms
each; 25x100, mortgage of $1400 can remain if
desired.
CHEAP MISSION LOT.
$1000— Building lot, 25x100; owner must sell;
no reasonable offer refused.
RICHMOND LOT.
$800—36:5x158; B St.
LOT VERY CHEAP.
$SO<_-Lot 37:6x50; Folsom st ; on line of elec-
tric road; this is a pick-up.
A CHEAP BUILDING LOT.
$60<— Near Leavenworth and Sacramento sts.;
lot 25:10x56; good lot for 4 small flats; this is
a give-away.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate
Records," which contains a list of properties ]
fur saie In all parts of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN A. CO..
14 Montgomery it.
MCAFEE BROTHERS,
Real Estate Brokers and Financial Agents,
IDS Montgomery St., San Francisco, Cal.
$45.000 — A splendid investment: business
property; stores and flats; fine tenants; pay-
Ing over 6 per cent net; large corner lot.
$125,000 — Fine down-town business property. :
brinsir.g In good income; only 3 tenants;
modi-rn brick building; lot 50x100; will enter- I
tain an exchange for old Improved or unim- i
proved Western Addition property.
$8000— Fine modem residence with splendid j
marine view: Octavia, near Broadway; 10 |
rooms; lot 20x137:6.
-$5000— Modem flats: Union st, nr. Octavia; :
lot i'5xSU; rented $42 50 per month.
A number of cheap cottage homes for »ale
In the Mission on easy terms.
Near Park Panhandle; modem flats; rented
for $60; price $6250; a good buy.
SOME VERY CHEAP LOTS.
$5000— Vallejo, near Devisadero; 24:4x127:8;
marine view; a beautitul lot.
$21i«j — Washington, near Spruce: 30x100.
$300>i — Scott and McAllister sts. ; cheap lots.
$2i*v— -North Clay, near Spruce; 25x127.
. Green, neax Svtt: 27x127.
Jl4i»i — 24th. near Vicksburg; 25x100.
$1100 — NX. corner In Mission; 33x75; cheap.
$150<>— 5£xll4; 25th. near Castro.
$SoO— .. '.. near Church; 25x114.
$V7s— 14th, near Noe: 25x115.
$12C0— Vallejo. nx. Bro.lerlck; a snap.
WILL BUILD. WILL BUILD.
'.'• ■ will build to suit purchaser on any of
the above lots on very easy terms.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery street, San Francisco, Cal.
E. W. HAWKINS, Dealer In Real Estate,
Mortgages, Loans and Insurance,
11 Montgomery st. (Lick House block.)
$4250 — Corner; snap; Jackson st, near Powell;
rents $44; size 48x60.
Bargains'. Bargains! — New modern houses
and fiats, choicely located near Golden Gate j
Park; easy payments.
$7000— Putter St., near Flllmore; 2 modern
Bats. 6 and 7 rooms and bath; nearly new; pays
8 per cent net; size 37:6.
$3750— Reduced from $4400; Stelner st., near
Sacramento; 2-story, 7 rooms and bath; must
be sold; size 25x93.
O'Farrell St., near Pierce; 2-story. 8
rooms and bath; size 25x100.
. $11.000— O'Farrell st. 4 blocks from Market;
cheapest business property on the market
$1900— Near Mason and Clay-'sts.;- oozy cot-
tage, 5 rooms and bath; high basement; brick
foundation; nearly new.
Apply to E. W. HAWKINS, 11 Montgomery st.
BENT PAYERS—
You can have either $15 per month or $20 per
month. You can pay for a home with your
rent money and save that much. We have
2 new modern homes of 4 and 6 rooms each,
beautifully located In the Heyman Tract. We
propose to allow you for the same money you
are now throwing away in rents, to come into
possession of one of these 2 handsome homes.
We want to Impress you with this fact: Pay-
Ing for homes in this way, they really cost
you nothing — you simply pay out your usual
rent money to your own future benefit. Thess
2 homes can be reached by taking Twenty-
Becond-st. cars to Hoffman aye. Ask for
MR. JAMES COTTER, resident agent, who
will show you the homes. JACOB HEY-
MAN, 11 Montgomery «t.
ONE block of fine level land; 1 block from
electric road; suitable for chicken ranch or
dairy: at a bargain; $10 monthly. JACOB
HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery st.
J6:6xlOO— CORNER Noe and Twenty-third: fine
corner; all street work done; easy payments.
JACOB HEYMAN. 11 Montgomery st.
$50 AND upward— Building lots in all parts of
the city; close to car lines; $5 monthly.
JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery st.
8100— LOTS In Sunset District on $5 monthly
payments. JACOB HEYMAN. 11 Mont-
gomery et.
GILT EDGED BUSINESS CORNER.
145,000. A Rare Chance.
Rents $3600 per annum.
Finest Business Corner
In the City.
Very prominent corner on one of our best
streets; never before offered; no vacancy In
15 years: rents can be Increased; large lot;
£7:txSo; flue improvements.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO..
628 Market st. opposite Palace Hotel.
ROBERT J. MERCER 4 SON.
412 Pine st, near Montgomery.
Bargain*.
$3900— Just reduced: Natoma st, near Sixth;
2 houses; rents $26 per month; lot 25x75. < •
$2ioO— Valparaiso st., near Taylor; 2 modern
flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath; rents $30.
$1200— Douglass St.. near 21st; lot 50x130.
$850 each— Lots on 21st aye.. near Clement st.
$2750— Laguna St., near Pine; fine lot.
FOR SALE— SSSOO; new up-to-date park homes;
built right and attractive; houses contain
parlor, dining room, sitting room. 3 bed
% rooms. 2 finished attic rooms, - bath, billiard
room. laundry, etc.; situated in beautiful
Panhandle district: N line Frederick at., near
Stanyan. J. STIERLIN, on premises.
STYLISH modern house. 8 rooms and bath;
Just finished; 121 Frederick at., near Ashbury:
select location on Ashbury Heights; must
please the most exacting; terms to suit;
Halßht-st. cars, transfer to Masonic aye. and
Frederick st.
J. ■ PRICE reduced and will be reduced still
lower. 45 LanKton et, near Folsom and Sev-
enth; nice cottage with place for horses in
rear: we want an offer. McEWEN BROS.,
118 Montgomery st. • •
NEARLY completed modern 2-story houses.
. having a beautiful unobstructed marine view;
' 6 and 8 rooms. 83500 and $3700 respectively;
cash or Installments. Southwest corner _>eav-
enworth and Chestnut its. ■ . • i
TWO new cottages, 6 and 7 rooms, 82200 each;
large lots; rental terms, or will accept out-
side lots In part .payment. 418 Kearny st.
FOR Sale— 7-room house, barn and lot. In-
. quire 610 ban Jose »v«. ,
CITY REAL ESTATE.
MADISON. & BURKE, Real Estate Agents;
established 1655; 026 Market st.
Several business Investments, from $40,000 to j
$60,000, In downtown property; call at office i
for particulars.
$7500— McAllister St., near Flllmore; two I
large flat*; paying good income; lot, 25x100. J
$5200— Rents $540; Rausch St., near Seventh |
and Howard; 25x112.
$Sooo— Washington . st., near Webster: ■ 9 ;
rooms and bath; lot 25x128.
Must be sold: two fine flats on Hayes St.,
near Buchanan; lot 27:6x120 to rear street: |
rents very low; $55; only $71:50; make offer.
Thr*e flats, inside of Larkin St., nr. Geary:
new: latest Improvements; good-size lot; cen- I
trally located; rents $110 per month, paying j
over S per cent net; price $12,£00.
$4000— Fifth st, near Harrison; 25x100 to rear |
street; two houses.
$4500— Bush St., near Devisadero; 7 rooms
and bath; lot 23x137:6.
Geary at, corner Broderlck; elegant corner
store and flats; paying good Income; lot
25x?2.
$3500 Rents $36 per month; Clementina at.,
near Third; lot 25x50.
$2500— Shipley st., near Fourth; large house;
lot 25x75.
— Cottage and lot: Duncan st., near
Church; 4 rooms and stable; lot 25x114.
$1800— Merrltt st., near Market; 4 rooms and
bath; lot 25_50:3.
$4000— Webster St., near McAllister; 6 rooms j
and bath and rear house; lot.
We have a large list of cottages at less than
cost that must be sold tor benefit of loan
associations; call at office for permit to in-
spect.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
Corner on ITalght and Octavia sts., one i
block off Market; 37:6x100; offered low; one- I
half purchase can remain at C per cent.
Corner, only $2250; California and Locust I
st? ; 37:6x107:7.
Near corner Leavenworth and Sacramento;
87:6x78:11; elegant location for flats; $2500.
$3000— Corner Lombard and Octavia: 46:6x100.
$2750— Clay st. near Spruce: 27:6x127:8.
$2000— Twenty-fifth st., west of Diamond;
80x114.
$17M— Union, near Webster; 25x100.
Sixteenth St.. near Castro; 25x100.
$1000— Seventh aye., near J st. street
graded.
— York St., near Twenty-second; lot
25x100.
$900— California at., near Twelfth aye.;
1 25x100.
Comer I st. and Seventeenth aye.;
I 57:6x100.
iSOO— Two lots oa B st., near Thirty-fifth
MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market St.
YON KHEIN & CO.. Real Estate Agents and
Auctioneers, "■ • ■■ ■-« ■• -v
636 Market st.
IMPROVED.
$12.000 — Leavenworth and Greenwich;
137:6x137:6: with house.
J4O.WAH- Market and Page: 55x120 to Rose aye. !
510,500— Ccr. Dupont and Francisco; 45:10_65:8. !
$15, 000— Hayes, nr. Franklin; 27:6x120 to Lin- !
I den a\« -
$8000— Golden Gate aye., nr. Scott; 27:6x110;
• 2 flAts, 13 rooms; rent $5,7.
$6250— Broadway, nr. Kearny; 29x77:8.
j $5500- Pacific, nr. Polk; 25x100.
$5500— Bryant and Zoe; 35x97:6.
$5000— Howard, nr. 30th; 25x122:6; 2 flat*.
$5000— Page. nr. Pierce; 25x137:6; cottage; 6
rooms and Lath.
— Lombard, nr. Hyde; 67:6x,137:6; house of ;
: 10 rooms and bath; marine view.
$4200— Shotwell. nr. 24th; 25x122:6; 2 flats.
$4000— near York; 50x104.
$4000 — Mason, nr Green; 30x69; 3-story house;
i 11 rooms and bath!
$2200— 2 d aye.. nr. Point Lobos: cottage.
$2000— 24th et.. _r. Noe; 25:11x114; cottage; i
i rooms and bnth.
$1400 Valparaiso, nr. Mason; 23x60: Improved. :
$5000— Webster, nr. Fulton; 26x84:6.
ri7'>0 — Bernard, nr. Jones; 23x60; cottage and
I stable.
' $800— Sargent st, nr. old San Jose road; 50x
i 100; cottage.
I »15w— Salmon, nr. Pacific and Mason; 20x60;
I rent 220.
UNIMPROVED.
! $1400— Filbert, nr. Varennes; 17-6x57:6; cheap. '
i $1200— Fair Oaks, nr. 26th; 25x125.
VMM — l ii.on, nr. Webster; 57:6xi7:6.
. $4500— Scott, nr. Washington; 25x115.
17th and Capp; 32:6x110.
15x120; Boyce and Rose aye.; 3 lots.
25x55; 13th, nr. Stevenson; 2 lots.
25x100; Valencia. bet 13th and 14th; 4 lots.
— Oak. nr. Devisadero; 25x&2.
$1100— Lombard and Pierce; 22:11x90.
JiX— Lot in block B, Park Lane Tract
i $600— Plymouth, nr. Montana; 50x100.
i2:ll.x'.W; Lombard, nr. Pierce; 5 lots.
23x137:6; Pierce, nr. Lombard; 2 lots.
Ashbury and ISth; 3 lots, 25x95 each.
$500— Lighth aye.. nr. L el., S. S. F. : 120x100.
TWO new Pacific avenue residences; Just com-
pleted; corner Pacific avenue and Scott st. ;
latest style architecture; natural wood finish j
throughout: marine view; most fashionable '
i lacatlon; houses open for Inspection to-day. ;
|
JOHN PFORR, removed to 403 Pine st, opp.
the Nevada Bank building.
Reduced to $3500 from $4000, on Buchanan
St.; lot 34x100. with double 2-story: rent $42.
Reduced again to $5750 from $6500; Geary St.: !
lot 2-xi2s to rear street, with two 2-Story
I houses of 4 flats; rent $60.
$25,000 will buy an elegant business corner,
I stores and dwellings, for which $38,000 was j
I once refused, paying 8 per cent and will im- !
prove to $50,000.
$3500— Only $2000 cash wanted: balance on
mortgage; an excellent corner for a grocery:
on Golden Gate aye.; SGxlOO; a snap as Is a
sns.p.
— Only $1000 cash wanted; balance on
mortgage at low Interest; Folsom st, near
Eleventh: house 2-story, 8 rooms and bath;
lot 2Sxloo to t- reet in rear, with stable.
$4250, redu from $5000 A strictly modern
built cottagt. .' 6 elegant rooms, bath, etc.:
fronting Panhandle Park, between Lyon and
Lou sta.; only 4 years built; building alone
cost over $1000; lot 25x137:6.
— Three 2-story and basement bay-
window houses, 7 rooms and bath each; on
Halght st, near Fillmore; lot 55x137:6; very
cheap.
$1600 — Only $1000 cash wanted, balance on
mortgage can remain; lot on Seventeenth St.,
i near Folsom: 24x100; improved: a snap.
$2700— Renting at $"-«; two 2-story houses,
near Pacific and Taylor sts.; always rented.
Renting at $160; a nearly new 3%-
story modern built apartment house of 42
rooms; 6 baths and other modern conven-
I ■ lences; lot 44x97:6: a splendid investment.
Only two left of 2-story and basement
i double flats of 5 and « rooms each; near Sixth
j and Bryant sts.; renting at $25; for sale at
$2400 each; the biggest bargain out. r
$14,500— Fine McAlllster-st property; rent
$130; 2 stores below; 2 flats upstairs and large
lot; best business portion of the street
At a reduction to $6150; rent HI: a business
property; fine story house on Geary st, one
block from Fillmore; store and rooms below
and two separate flats upstairs; paying over
9 per cent.
UNIMPROVED.
Two lots, -53x100 . each, near Twenty-fourth
at. and Potrero aye., at a low price.
— Fine corner lot on Flllmore st.
$800— Noe St., near Thirtieth; lot 36:6x76.
— GOOD Investment; northwest corner on
Dolores St.; 50 feet front on Dolores; 2-story
building, flat above, store below; can be made
to pay $40 per month rent; a bargain. Ad-
dress 767 Alice st. Oakland.
6OL GETZ * BROTHER.
ROOM A, FIRST FLOOR.
. • CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
SECURE A HOME.
Positively Best Bargains! Easiest Terms!
8100. $150 to $250: level building lots near
Mlsslon-st. electric cars: only $5 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
SUNSET HEIGHTS LOTS!
$400. $450 to {850; graded officially; superb
view; $25 down and $10 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
RICHMOND LOTS'
$400, $450 to $800; • choicest building lota;
street? graded and sewered; $25 down; $10
monthly. SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
$1350 to $1800; choice, almost new, cottage In
Richmond and Sunset Heights; easy payments.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Call for maps and diagrams,
- • . SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Room A, Crocker building.
INSTALLMENT HOUSES. . •
The best-situated spot In the city for
homes: right on a car line; corner Castro and
Twentieth sts. ; only 4 out of 28 houses - re-
maining unsold; 1 large 6-room house, $3600.
highly decorated, street accepted: 1 S-room
cottage, $2S00; 1 6-room cottage, $2400. and 1
4-room cottage.. $2250. F. NELSON,, owner
nnd builder. • ■
C. C. BEMIS. * -A:-.--:.-:
REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
. FOR SALE.
Choice building lot on Army and Twenty-
seventh Fts. ."close to electric road.
$5000— G«od corner for store; must be sold-
lot .'2:4x60 feet. .
$6700—50x127:6 feet on Jackson St., overlook-
Inr the Presidio and bay. ,
M-vara on Page at. : panhandle or park.
: $300— Choice building lots north of park.
Bargain— Southwest cor. Fifth aye. and C
at.; 10>s9l> feet. v.; . /<■:.>. ; .: .. ... .- -;
BARGAIN— Pretty 6-room buy- window cottage.
. 1809 Broderick. near California; lot 27:<x82:6.
MODERN cottage cheap: price reduced: make.
. offer.: 2«70 21at at., near Bryant, 1 to 5 dally.
LADIES accommodated ' with money at home.
lUag up Uncle _UutU, 'Phone Brows 123.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 10, 1898.
CITY RE ESTATE. ,
PROBATE SALE. ~~~~
— Offer wanted; must be sold; corner of j
Hayes and Clayton sts.; 25x106:3; very close j
to Park Panhandle. ' .. : ■
' J- : ■'.*■/■ " BALDWIN & HOWELL. .
-.. . •• ' 10 - Montgomery street.
MUST BE SOLD. ~ ■-■ •. •■ ■ • ■ ' r
OWNER GOING EAST. "
$1000— Offer wanted; Second aye., bet. Clem- :
ent and California sts.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
■ 10 Montgomery street.
A BEAUTIFUL HOME. " :
LARGE LOT. . ' . ' ?' ■"■
$2600— Two lots, each 25x100, and good new
cottage of 7 rooms, bath, etc. stable for 2
horses; St.. near Ninth aye.: splendid view ■
of Park and, the Golden Gate.
..:. BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery street.
DOLORES STREET RESIDENCE.
$SO<j cash, balance monthly installments;
handsome new house: contains 7 rooms and
bath; every convenience; extra large corner j
lot; plenty of room for store and flats: corner.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery street.
ONLY $750! ONLY $750! ~ ■— —
Cottage of 4 rooms and basement; Holly
Park; not far from the Mission street cars, j
Think of It! $750 for house and lot! Why pay
rent? BALDWIN & HOWELL,
____^ 10 Montgomery street.
U. S. BONDS
PAY 3 OR 4 PER CENT.
The following properties pay from 6 to 12
per cent net. and the prices asked are so low
that the principal Is. safe:
____________________ _
PAYS NEARLY S PER CENT\
$29,000— May be less: handsome new 4-story
and basement building; -store and lodging
house above; only a few minutes' walk from
Market and Powell sts.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery street.
. $5750— RENT$63 50: all rented: we collect the
rents and know that they are accurate; good
Improvements; large lot; not far from the
corner of California and Mason- sts. Call
at once for particulars.
$7000— Rent $SlO per annum; new, handsome
flats on best .portion -of Hayes St.; short walk
from Market; large lot.
$7250 — Rent $750 per annum, which 1s a very ;
low rental; 2 handsome new flats of 6 and 7 j
rooms, etc.; Sutler St., sunny side, not far
from Buchanan st.; a splendid opportunity
for some one.
McAllister St.. near Franklin: »-
story building, containing stores and flats i
above; rents $106: extra large lot.
BALDWIN ft HOWELL.
10 Montgomery street.
A SNAP. "
$7500— A great bargain; splendid business
corner In the best part of the Mission; low
80x90; improvements consist of store and 4
rooms in rear thereof; flat aoove of 7 rooms;
also 2-story house of 6 rooms and bath: all
improvements In splendid condition: rents $63.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
* 10 Montgomery street.
HAVES STREET COTTAGE.
$4350— Hayes st. near Laguna; nice cottage
6 rooms and bath: lot worth the money.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery street.
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
•o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tion* BPrt want_ads taken.
COl'.M'lU t(_Ali _STATK.
UMBSEN *V '-"■• n - nsxr *"~
David Bush, Manager Country Department.
14 Montgomery st.
$11 per acre— l9<Y> acres In Yuha County: guar-
anteed Income of $3400 for one-fourth of the
crop this year.
$16 per acre— 9oo acres near Arbuckle, Colusa
County: good Improvements; good crop.
$17 per acre— 3So acres in Glenn County; good ;
crop, with stock and tools; easy terms.
For Exchange— 2So acres In Long Valley, Las-
sen County; with good improvements and stock
and tools, will exchange for small fruit pla_
near San Jose or Santa Cruz. 7-..
■ Send for circular.
IN CAPAY VALLEY
IN CAPAY VALLEY
IN CAPAY VALLEY
The Earliest and Richest Fruit Section.
The Earliest and Richest Fruit Section.
The Capny Valley. In Yolo County, lies north
of the famous Vaca Valley, and possesses the
Fame characteristics of that great fruit sec- '
tion. We offer In this valle- and vicinity I
lands belonging t" the Bank of Woodland at
less than the foreclosure price; prices range
from $2 25 an acre for grazing land to $40 an
acre for the best fruit land.
DON'T MISS THIS CHANCE !
—DON'T MISS THIS CHANCE
Call or send for the catalogue and price list
of these lands.
, — . —McAFEE BROTHERS— :
108 Montgomery st., San Francisco. Cal.
PASTURE lands for sale or rent: reclaimed
and unreclaimed: rent 10c per acre and up-
ward; for sale, $2 and acre and upward. Mc-
AT'EE Bros.. los . Montgomery St.. S. F.
IN mining district, near Grass Valley, an : im- j
proved fruit and stock ranch: 1:20 acres: only |
$5000. McAFEE BROS., 10S Montgomery st.
B. F. ...
PAYS $SOOn NET PER YEAH . - -
A splendid Investment; finely improved ranch
property in Alameda • County; itio» SiStOCO.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
IN SUBDIVISIONS! IN SUBDIVISIONS! j
At Assessed Value! At Assessed Value!
A grand opportunity; EOCO acres of the es-
tate of Sarah Blake, deceased, lying on the
Merced River, for sale as ahove; the land Is
well adapted for grain, fruit, vegetables and
alfalfa; In plats of 35 acres and upward, at
prices of from $3 to $20 per acre. Send for
descriptive map. McAFEE BROTHERS.
10s Montgomery st., San Francisco, Cal.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
63S Market st., San Francisco.
We make a specialty of handling choice villa
sites, country residences, mountain homes and
small farms, lying between San Francisco and
San Jose.
Having secured a fine list of these properties, !
at low prices, we can make special Induce- :
ments; climate unsurpassed; no fog; quick
transportation, etc.
SWEENY RANCH. V;.'-"
Near Redwood City, San Mateo County; in i
tracts of 100 acres or less; rich soil; plenty of
water; this property Immediately adjoins Red-
wood City and is only 1 hour's ride from San
Francisco; suitable for small home farms;
price below all former Quotations and upon
unusually easy terms.
FOR RENT. -i
A BE^UTIFtTL COUNTRY HOME.
Situated In the foothills . west of Stanford
University, overlooking the Santa Clara . Val-
ley and the bay; handsome furnished house of
12 rooms, bath, etc.: fine spring water, fruit
trees, stable and outhouses; will rent for a
term of years; only 30 miles from San Fran-
cisco.
$1400— Choice Income property In Redwood
City; half block of land; good house and barn.
MOUNTAIN VIEW LANDS.
For Suburban Homes.
Especially adapted .to raising deciduous
fruits; subdivisions of 10 and 20 acres each In
the Newhall & Wise tract; low prices; very
easy terms; small cash payments. • balance
monthly; l^i miles from Mountain View Sta-
tion.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market St., San Francisco, or Branch Office,
■■.i ■;.> - . Redwood City.
$300— Nice little : home In town in Lake
County; 5-room house, barn, well, etc.
$950—5 acres in Lakeport; 3-room house, barn;
200 fine fruit trees etc.
I $450—160 acres, near Glenbrook Springs, Lake
! County; house, barn; nearly all fenced: mostly
level. C. F. MOORE. 935 Market St., room _
$5 DOWN. $5 monthly, no Interest, no taxesj
for fine 10-acre tracts of fruit land, near Au-
burn, Placer County; over 759 acres sold: $15
$20 . and $25 per acre, JACOB HEYMAN, 11
Montgomery st. . • , ;
MEXICO— In Tropical Mexico for rais-
ing coffee, sugar, tobacco, rubber, vanilla,
etc.: large and small tracts. For further in-
formation apply to Mex." Com. Co., 76 Chroni-
cle building, representing the Int. Land and
Col. Co. of Mexico City, Mexico.
$1000—160 ACRES, 120 level land, 50 under cultl-
vatlon; good grain or fruit land: plenty of
timber and water; near good town and ralh-
road; easy terms. Address box 3212, Call .
HOMESTEAD abandonment: $100; Santa Clara
Co.; above frost line: timbered: stream; near
railroad; will make. nice chicken ranch. Call
631 California St., room 1. .
"WANTED— A good paying ranch to rent for
next fall, with option to buy. Address B.
BLAINEY, 651 Vailejo st., flat 12. San Fran.
A BARGAIN— sale, in San Mateo, house of
- 6 rooms, bath, pantry, etc. ; brick founda-
tion: 50x255 feet: young bearing orchard. For
further Information address A. M., box 42
San Mateo. Cal. ■■-■•.- .;. ■ .-, -..- ■ ■
$3600 FOR IK acres within 8 minutes' walk
from Santa Rosa posto'flce and court house;
fine house. 8 large rooms, besides hall, pan-
try and -bath room; piped for water and gas:
large etable, barn, 3 sheds, , 130 choice fruit
"trees;/ will sell whole or In blocks to suit
Address R. W. BELL, 804 .Tupper St., Santa
Rosa. Cal. ■ ■■■■ ... ; --.-,■ .- ;"„- . '.; . ,■. .■■■■■
COUNTRY home to let In Santa Clara Co.. bet.
Stanford University and Mountain View; 1
mile from MayAeld: house 7 rooms: 1 cottages
4 rooms; garden, orchard, etc; will rent low
for 1 or 3 years to suitable tenart. Apply C.
B. CAPP & CO.. Real Eat Agta.. 630 Market.
MONEY on sealskins, « silverware, silks and
, watches. .' Uncle Harris. 16 Grant aye. ,-■
TEHAMA' County. 80 acres partly fenced; good
. water. Apply '408 Bryant. ;.'„><.:- ': •■ ■..- ,: ;,
WRITE for Hat; food land. $10 and 820 an acre.
- M. GRIFFIN, Cottojiwood, Bfaaata Co.. CaL
A WEUK'B news for '■ 8 cents— The Weekly
: Call, In wrapper, for mailing.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS. ;
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. !
AT AUCTION- ■ ■ '■;. : : ■-> ,
Attend the auction sale of choice Oakland i |
properties at our salesrooms, i<ol Broadway, ; i
cor. Eighth St.. Oakland, on Saturday, April ; :
23, at 2 o'clock p. m. Our first sale of the sea-
Bon. Some of the best centrally located prop- | .
erties will be offered. Send for catalogue. ■ i
WILLIAM J. DINGEE. '
Salesrooms 901 Broadway, cor. &th St.. Oakland. ; ,
AT AUCTION— _■
A fine home on Frederick St., near Telegraph :
aye.
• Three nice cottage homes on Hobart st; near
Telegraph aye. m
A choice home on Third aye.. East Oakland. .
A fine building lot on Filbert st., near 18th. ..
A choice business property at. Brooklyn Sta- i
tion.
Comprises part of the list of properties to be i .
I offered at auction by us at our salesrooms on '
\ Saturday, April 23, at 2 o'clock p. m. Send
! for catalogue.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE.
Salesrooms SOI Broadway, cor. Bth st., Oakland.
A— s3so; LOT 25x80; Twenty-second st., west of
San Pablo aye.
$275— Lot 50x100. on Forty-sixth st, near
Grove street electric line.
$250— Lot 30x60; close to Clinton station in
East Oakland. •
$450—25x116; on Market st.
HUGH M. CAMERON. Real Estate Dealer.
479 Ninth st. Oakland. Cal.
MODERN" home of S large rooms in good
condition; sanitary plumbing; lot 18x118 feet;
excellent location; near Adeline street sta-
tion; sunny side of the street; sold once for
$3000: now rents for $1S CO: a desirable low-
priced home. HUGH M. CAMERON, Broker.
4J!» Ninth St., Oakland, Cat
$3750— ELEGANT new and all-modern house,
8 rooms, just completed: within 3 blocks of
Broadway, local trains, etc.: for sale or rent
to good parties. " ALDEN-GAHFIELD CO.,
902 Broadway, Oakland.
$1500— BEST-PAYING ranch In Napa County of
16 : acres; good house, barn, etc; near town;
paid this year in cash over $400 and is a
bargain. ALDEN-GARFIELD CO., 902
Broadway, . Oakland.
FOR Exchange— $7000; a beautiful home I
in East Oakland, large lot: wants smaller
place and ca?h or mortgage. F. C. WAT-
SON, 464 Ninth st.
FOR Exchange— Cottage In the very center of
j Oakland: worth $3500; mortgage $1250. made !
only 3 months ago: wants lots or ranch for j
equity. F. C. WATSON. 464 Ninth ft.
$450 WILL buy a 3-room cottage, with lot oOx
125, in the Alvin Tract, fronting Elmhurst
station; local trains; also electric cars; $2. .
down, $5 monthly. JACOB HEYMAN, 11
Montgomery st.
$75 LOT. worth. $150, In the Alle- dale Settle-
ment. East Oakland; $."> cash, $5 monthly;
build your own home or we will build it for
you; payment as rent: all streets graded,
some macadamized; 3 electric-car lines and
fine school house near iy; climate, soil and
view the very best; call or send for circu-
lar, 455 Seventh st, cor. Broadway, Oakland;
carrige free. H. Z. JONES. Owner.
j FOR SALE— at a bargain on account of re-
moval; a beautiful cottage in FruJtvale: 15
minutes' walk from station; fine garden, hot- |
house and barn. Must be seen to be appre-
ciated; cost $3500: nearly new. Apply to ,
owner, M. HA USER. Bray avenue and old
county road, Frultvale.
SNAP— S3SO; 2 lots on Claremont aye.. 50x150: 3
blocks from prnph-ave. carhouse: 10 min-
utes from City Hall; must sell; make offer;
owner. DAHLGREX. 5?2' 3 Hayes St., S. F.
■ 6 NEW houses for sale at a bargain. E. E.
BUNCE. 90S Broadway, Oakland.
i WANTED— In Elmhurst or Frultvale, house of |
4 or 5 rooms, with lot not less than 100x150; :
! must not be over $500 cash, and near street |
cars. Address J., box 7, Call office, Oakland. '
A SPECIAL bargain— new modern cot-
tage: 6 rooms and bath; furnished; In High-
land Park, East Oakland: lot toxlOO: any
reasonable terms. BELDEN & COOK, 1112
Broadway, Oakland. L
MUST be sold -Corner lot, 100x150, with 5
houses, bringing in a rental of $85 per month;
only one block from narrow gauge depot;
will be sold In whole or part: offer wanted.
J. CALLAOHAN. fU Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
|
i HOUSES TO LET IN OAKLAND.
Corner cottage. 5 rooms $17
| Lower sunny flat. 5 rooms 12
Upper modern flat. 6 rooms 14
I 2-Ftory neat 6-room house ......' 18
' Choice sunny S-room house ;22
I 10-room residence, fine ; 50
These and many more, both larger and
j smaller. WM. M.DEWOLF. 1058 Broadway.
FOR rent: $12: a 4-room modern cottage, wi?h I
bath, basement, stable, city water; lot 203 x
220, with fine stand of feed, fruit trees, etc.:
all fenced. Apply R. J. MONTGOMERY. 1112
- Broadway, Oakland. -■.'.•< -.»»*■•:-< .■»« . ; ■ .
i FOR three months, • from May 1. nicely fur-
j nished house: Linda Vista Terrace. Oakland;
] good terms to right party. B. S. H., 325 San-
some f>t
OAKLAND ROOMS.
SUNNY rooms, en suite or single, furnished or
i unfurnished, elegant private residence: every
convenience; large well kept grounds. 715 Bth.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEF.ri.NG ROOMS. !
BROADWAY. 1220—3 furnished or unfurnished !
housekeeping rooms: first class: first floor.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD
! FIFTEENTH, Pleasant sunny front rooms. I
[ with board; private; large yard.
SUNNY rooms: good home board: reasonable;
no children. 1020 Adeline, Oakland, nr. trai.r
OAKLAND FURNITURE IOR SALE.
| FURNITURE and household goods very cheap
this week. SCHELLHAAS' old store, 408 j
Eleventh Ft.. Oakland. '"','"'
OAK LAN D medium. ~
: MRS. PALMER, medium and magnetic healer,
I cordially invites the public to call; business
readings. ST.'. Washington st., r. 3. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS,
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
SPECIAL NOTicE?~ ' *~™
FIRST COME, FIRST SERVED.
JUST LIKE PAYING RENT.
$1200. $1700. $1800, *":00, $2600. $3000.
The above are lovely cottages, which have '
been thrown on .■• market for non-payment •
of Installments, and they ire now offered at a. !
great sacrifice to close accounts. They contain i
4. 6, 6 and 7 rooms and are finished up to date;
i aim--;* new, and located near schools and sta-
| tions.
We are going to weed them out and Invite
Inspection. MARCUSE & REMMEL.
! Bay-st. station, Alameda, and 628 Market St..
San Francisco.. Open Sundays and holidays.
$750— Lot 50x270: modern cottage 5 rooms, near
»choolhoupe.
$1200— Sacrifice: corner lot 35x140; good house of
6 rooms and one of 4 rooms, ■ ■ - .
i $1600— Lot 50x150: fine cottage of 7 rooms and
bath: near Chestnut station. :
i $2850— 5150 cash; $25 per month; lot 40x160; only
i 2 blocks from station and nign school.
$3750— New house of 7 rooms and bath; . lot
42x150; choice location; very easy terms. .■.->-• ■
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
HP. MORE A L & CO.; 1432 Park st.
ALAMEDA HOUSES TO LET.
FOR Rent— Elegantly furnished house, .12
i rooms; magnificent erounds; comfortable car-
riage. Address M. M., Call office, Alameda.
NBY TO LOAM"
I ANY amount at 64 per cent on real estate;
2d and Sd mortgages, estates, real estate In
probate, life Insurance, goods In warehouse,
furniture without removal; no delay. R. Mc-
COLGAN 24 Montgomery at. room 9.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda." at lowest rates.' without
removal: no commissions;, no delays. " J.
■ NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14. f •
I HIGHLY respectable and private ' place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lo vest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 948 Market st: tel. Green 204.
I ON furniture. pianos; city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates: no commission: = $25 up;
private party. BONNF.LLL 130 Powell at.
1 QUICK on' furniture, pianos: no removal: no
commls. : low Interest :. Rm. 68, 1170 Market.
j REAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount:
! • lowest rates. Becker & Co.. : 328 Montgomery.
ANY sum, Ist or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, etc. Room 7. 608 California st. . .-.' . '
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dry den. 41$ Montgomery st.
CITY and country: any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estate*, etc. MURPHY. 628 Market at.
iON ' pianos, ' furniture; no ' removal ;— lowest
■ rates: no com.: private. 118 McAllister at. '■ -. :■■--,,
„_ -—-_-£ y v^AJCTKD. ..
WANTED— On Improved property J 12000: •no
agents. K. Z.. box 6. Call office. Oakland.
.- ■„:.■.:.... .- -iFMAMOiAU" '.•:■•:■"■-< .. .-•;.' : :
LOANS .en real estate, bonds, . etc. : lowest
rates. : McATTCE PROS.. Montgomery st.
; 'PAWNBROKERS.' ;■
B WISE and borrow from the Cut Rate Loan
;■-.: Office, 22 ' Mason ■ at, bet. : Market and Eddy. ',
SAVE interest and borrow from the CUT RATH
, IrOAN OFFICE, 22 Mason st.; arivate rooms. |
FRIIITVAXE : REAL ESTATE.
H. A. PLEITNER, Fruitvale station.
. $2500 will buy a house of 6 rooms with corner
lot 100x200: beautiful fruit, and shade trees;
fine location; excellent view. v \ ■
$1660— story and a half cottage of 5 rooms
and bath; • fine mantel, reception hall; rooms
beautifully tinted and frescoed; sanitary
plumbing; 2 chicken houses. - fenced and cross-
fenced; lot 50xJ25; a great bargain.'
Cottage of 5 rooms and 2 rooms In base-
ment; stable and chicken-house; fruit Tees; cor-
ner lot 150x125: all fenced; city water and sew-
erage; complete.
JJ3oo— House of 5 rooms and bath, barn, chick-
en-house; fruit trees; lot 100x105 ft.; near sta-
tion; all fenced.
$950 — Cottage of 4 rooms and basement: all
floored; fine artesian well and forcepump; lot
60x140. 5"; ';*-'«
J6Go— House of 4. rooms and basement; fruit
trees: lot 33x115; only 1 block from Fruitvale;
terms, $50 cash, balance $10 per. month.,
$350 — house of 2 rooms, -chicken-houses;
lot 50x130; 1 block from electric cars.
. $3"o— bay-window cottage of '4. rooms;
well and forcepump; lot 25x106; fenced.
$250 — choice lots, 25x125 each; ust one-half
their former value; fine location.
$175 each — 40 choice lots: fine location: 5 min-
utes . from Fruitvale station; size of lots, 35x
125; easy terms: must be sold.
H. A. PLSITNKR, Fruitvale station, Cal.
SEE .D. PRATT'S special bargains for ten
days: Lot 25x122. $160: lot 25x126, $150; lot
37%x130, 100 feet from San Leandro road, $290;
3-room house, corner lot 30x106. $S00; 3-room
house, lot 25x150. $300: 4-room bouse, lot 30x
122. modern, new. high basement, $1150; s-
room new, modern house, high basement, all
conveniences, large lot," $1650: all of the above
property within five minutes' walk of Fruit-
vale Station. I own all control of the above
and can give terms to suit.
FOR RENT.
Neatly furnished house, 7 rooms: Inrre lot;
best location in Fru'.tval*. D. PRATT, cor.
Putnam and Fruitvale aye., Fruitvale Station.
GO to Fruitvale to-day and see those fine new
homes, close to station: easy terms; 4. 6 & 6
rooms. D. Pratt. Fruitvale (McCarthy Co.)
UKHivKLKV RUAL JcVVATU.
$2700— A FINE house of 8 rooms; lot 40 x 180;
street work all done: splendid view. JOSEPH
J. MASON. Real Estate, Berkeley station.
$1250 — A VERY big barpaln: house of G rooms
• and bath, etc.: lot 40x130: Improvements cost
$1200. JOSEPH J. MASOK, . Real Estate,
Berkeley station. ■ ■
LARKSPUR REAL ESTATE-
BEAUTIFUL HOMES IN LARKSPUR.
Villa lots and acreage; easy terms: 4s minutes
from the city: cottage? for rent. AMERICAN
LAND TRUST CO.. 132 Market ft.
PROPERTY IO i\i Aon..
TWO stores and 6-room flat: In city $5000
House and lot In Napa City for house and
lot in city or Oakland MOO
Store and 2 flats: rented for $61 8000
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market, opp. Fifth. S.F.
NEW 7-room house and 50x160 feet of ground,
total value ft**?, clear of Incumbrance, In
city of St. Louis. Mo., which I desire to ex-
change for a residence In San Francisco or
Oakland of equal value. Address or call on
MRS. S. MULLER, 25 Bartlett St., S. F.
37 rooms; business corner In city; 4 lots.
Owner, 472 Eighth St., room 8, Oakland.
TO EXCHANGE— San Jose City property, $8000.
Owner, 215 Valencia st.
NEW house and lot to exchange for lota. Call
329 Thirteenth st. ' '
4-ROOM new cottage. 114 Congo st. ; open to-
day. J. D. MORELAND, 217 Hearst aye.,
Sunnyslde. -
HOUSES TO LET.
ALIT^V^R^?OWN^rT~ I ~~~
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
HYDE, 609, near Geary — Sunny; choice; 13
rooms; $50; appreciated If seen; Investigate.
$27— OAK, 17, near Market; 8 rooms and bath.
TO LET.
An up-to-date corner house.
Six sunny rooms and bath.
Garden front and rear.
! NE. corner of Twenty-first st. and San Car»
los avenue/between Mission and Valencia sts.;
car lines; rents »30: to good tenant. Apply to
I EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.. 638 Market St.
TWENTY-THIRD. 2764. bet. York and Hamp-
shire— House.. 6 room?, bath: large yard: $16.
FURNISHED HOUSES.
FINELY furnished modern lower flat, 8 large
rooms, bath, piano; choice neighborhood;
references. ISOS Vallejo st. Call after 12.
FURNISHED house to let for the summer: 8
large sunny rooms; piano; hot and cold
water; all conveniences. Apply on premises,
635 Guerrero St. '
FURNISHED or unfurnished flat of 5 rooms,
reasonable. 1733 Oak st. ■
GOLDEN GATE. 1517— A handsome middle flat;
every convenience; piano; garden. ■
SUTTER, 717, near • Taylor— Choice; elegant;
sunny; appreciated If seen; please Investi-
gate; or furniture for sale cheap: optional.
COTTAGES TO LET..
COTTAGE of 4 rooms and bath; large yard and
basement; sunny side of street. Hampshire
St.. near Twenty-fourth. «V
COZY cottage 6 rooms; large garden: marine
view. Corner of Union and Larkln sts.
NEW cottage, 5 rooms, bath, large yard and
cellar; rent cheap. 33 Clipper st. --
SUNNY cottages of 4 and 5 rooms; bath, base-
ment, yard. 1876 Fifteenth st., near Dolores.
TO let or lease — A partly furnished cottage of
8 rooms and bath; modern improvements;
large garden, conservatory and chicken yard;
$25. 217 Third aye.
TO Modern cottage. 1813 Baker st. J. O.
JACKSON. 48 Market st.
4-r... $10: 8-r. (new). $15: 7-r. (new). $17; 8-r.,
$lSf, or will sell. $50 to $200 cash: bal. like rent;
see em. THE MCCARTHY CO.. «46 Market.
gUNNY bay-window cottage 6 room* near
34th and Mission. 64 Sliver st. off Third.
$14—6 rooms and bath: large garden. 917 Treat
I aye.. near Twenty-second st. _
FLATS TO LET.
A— s2s GEARY-ST. flats reduced to $18.
< A— sl6 Geary-st. flats reduced to $10. -
A— s4s house, $32. SPECK & CO.. 602 Market.
ASH aye.,; 127, between Polk. Van Ness, Mc-
Allister and Fulton— 5-room flat.
BRADY, 44, off Market— Flat of 3 room*; cheap
to small family. < " - '■■
CENTRAL aye., 722, near Park— Furnished flat
of 6 rooms; bath; piano; $30.
CORNER sunny upper flat, 5 rooms. Apply
northeast cor. Eleventh and Nntoma st*.
ELEGANT new modern sunny corner flats.
Jackson and Larkln. . ' . . '■ '
HAIOHT, 1021, above Broderlck, near Park-
, Sunny 6-room flat; fine view.
MISSION, 2706 A —Elegantly furnished sunny,
new flat: 6 rooms and bath; references.
NINETEENTH. 8984, ' near Noe— Lower I 4
- rooms, modern, $14; 699 Noe, corner Nine-
teenth lower 4 rooms, modern, $15: 47 Pond,
" off Sixteenth, half block from Market, upper
• 6 rooms, modern, $15, water free, j • -.
PAGE. 134— Flat of 5 rooms; bath; basement;
yard; reasonable to good tenant.
PINE, 1225. near Hyde— A 'sunny flat of. 6
rooms and bath; rent $20. .. ■
RING up 'Phone Brown 323 if you wish to bor-
row money. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
SCOTT 2038, cor. Sacramento— Upper sunny B-
room flat, with attlo; reasonable. . .
SEE those beautiful : flats in warm belt 1 of
Mission; newly tinted and painted through-
out; 6 rooms, ■ bath and latest improvements;
1002 and 1004 Dolores St.. cor: Twenty-third:
■ rent cheapest In city: upper reduced from £3
* to $20 and lower reduced from $22 60 to $1S:
now open for Inspection. Apply MADISON &
BURKE. • ■■■ ' ■■: ■'•:•■-":■•-
STEVENSON, 1364, near Thirteenth— A bay-
window flat of 4 rooms; rent $11. .'
SUNNY flat, cheap; 6 rooms; bath; modern Im-
provements. • 631- Thirteenth ■ st., cor. Market.
TO RENT— FIat . 4 rooms; rent reasonable. r t 30
Fell st. -.• . ■•.■.-■■ ...■ ■■ •■: -.-■ ' " " *
TREAT / aye.', 811— Sunny • upper flat * 6 room* ;
bath; modern. Improvements; rent reduced.
4 AND 6 room flats on : Twelfth st. and 'Glen
Park aye., $13. $14. $15. $15 and $23 60. DEMP-
r STER. 36 Glen Park aye., off Twelfth st. '^
$14— COZY. 'sunny lower flat. 4 rooms, bath,
yard. 6 Shot well st., near Fourteenth. ;_,;„; ;-^,
LOVELY ' sunny modern flat ; of 7 room*.
bath. 624 Golden Gate aye., near Van Nesa.
■.:, ; FURNISHED^ FLATS. j\
FURNITURE I for k flat -of 6 1 comfortably I fur-
. nished sunny room* for sale; cheap: no deal-
■; ers. 196 Shipley *t., corner Fifth. ; ■■■- .-> >> ,
ELEGANT newly furnished lower flat, 6 room*,
n all I modern ■, Improvements; terms . reasonable.;
from I to 6 month*. 1535 Oak ft., opp. Park.
Apply Sunday.
HOISEKEEPHG KOOMS.
CENTRAL House, 52 Second— Light housekpg,
single and double rooms. $1 20 to $3 week.
CLAY, 1026—3 large unfurnished housekeeping j
rooms; all conveniences: good order: $9.
DEVISADERO. ISPS— 3 connecting rooms, bath, |
furnished for houskiig; exclusive kitchen; $18.
EDDY. 305— Finely furnished suite for house- ,
keeping; also single; reasonable; private.
EDDY. S17 — Sunny, nicely furnished connecting
houeekpg rms.; gas range; splendid U>cation.
EIGHTEENTH. 35&5. corner Guerrero— 3 rooms, |
with bafh: front west; furnished.
ELEVENTH, JS— To let— B or i unfurnished
rooms: bath.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call. ,
Subscriptions and ads t«.ken.
ELLI9, 1436. near Buchanan— 3 or 4 large sunny
bav-wlndow corner rooms, unfurnished. *15
or $17: porcelain bath; range, tel. ; references.
FIFTH, 322— Suite mums, furnished for house-
keeping; rent cheap.
FIFTH, 325 — t furnished housekeeping rooms,
$13 50; one, $7; double parlors, kitchen, $23.
KOLSOM, 846 — Large front bay-window room;
housekeeping; every convenience.
FOLSCM n36 — 3 minny rooms complete for
housekeeping; all conveniences; $14 per mo.
FULTON, 116—2 large sunny side housekeeping
rooms; cheap. [
GOLDEN GATE, 620— 3 sunny housekeeping i
rooms, complete; first flocr; rent $20^per mo. j
GOLDEN GATE AYE, 1404— Large sunny front
room, with kitchen; $12. j
HAMPSHIRE, S26— A room and stable to
rent.
HARRISON. 731—3 large rooms furnished com-
plete for housekeeping; large yard; rent $15.
HAVES, Sl7— Large alcove room, unfurnished;
single room; running water, bath; private
f.-inilly.
HOWARD, IV.— 2 or 3 sunny rooms, complete
for housekeeping: rent reasonable.
HOWARD. 737H— Nicely furnished rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; first floor.
HOWARD, 2124—2, 3 or 4 nlc* sunny rooms,
furnished complete for housekeeping.
HYDE. 1412— Parlor floor of three rooms; newiy
furnished for housekeeping; $25: reference
JACKSON, 920, near Mason— Furnished sunny
rooms, housekeeping, $S to $9; single. It.
JONES, 114—2 clean sunny, coiy furnished
roow; half of cottage; front^
KI:aHNY, IM— 3 unfurnished rooms and bath;
references exchaneed.
MARKET. 203S— Two front suites of two o»
three rooms on same floor; sun all day.
MINNA, 421— Double front sunny room, suit-
able for light housekeeping.
MISSION, 1063— Sunny connecting housekeeping
rooms; running water; no objection to chil-
dren.
MISSION. 121S — Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms; reasonable.
MISSION, 1241— -Bay-window front and bach-
parlor: large kitchen; well fur.; con.; aunny.
MONEY on sealskins, silverware, silks and '
watches. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
O'FARRELL. 431— Sunny suite rooms, fur-
nished for housekeeping; no children.
PINE, 706i_— 2 large rooms: gas; bath J
RUSS, 116, near Sixth— Bedroom and kitchen;
furnished for housekeeping.
BAN CARLOS aye., 37^-3 furnished rooms and
bath, $15.
SEVENTH, 111— J sunny unfurnished front
rooms; running watew $8.
SOT'TH PARK, WV— 2 to 4 furnished house-
keeping rooms, $7 to $12; 2 to 4 unfurnished
_$sjo_sB : _
SOUTH PARK. ISt— 2 sunny front rooms, nice-
ly furnished for housekeeping; $10 month.
THIRTEENTH. 40?V4. near Valencia -Three un-
furnished rooms: bath and yard: $10.
TWELFTH, 145—2 pleasant sunny rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; $12 per month.
THIRD. 3iH— Furnished. $2 per week up; sin-
gle rooms. $1 25 up: brick building.
TVRK, 411A— S rooms furnished; kitchen; com-
plete; $20.
TURK, S43— 2 sunny rooms complete for house-
keeping; gas and bath: $15.
TWELFTH. 230 C —3 nlcelv furnished housekeep-
ing rooms In private family; select location.
KOOMS TO LET.
ALTON, 2f'4 McAllister— Sunny front rooms and
suites; also 3 complete for housekeeping.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike: reasonable;
Com, Transfer Co., 22 Stockton st. Trunks
moved to any part of city, fee; phone, Main 49.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st. — Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single: first-class
in every respect: terms reasonable.
AT 522 Polk— Furnished and unfurnished aunny
suites and single, complete for housekeeping.
AT the Oxford, 231 O'Farrell, elegantly fur-
nished rooms, suites and single, day or mo.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— Newly furnished; fami-
lies and gentlemen: references given.
BUSH. 71SC— Elegant sunny suite for 1 or 2
gentlemen; also single: bath, etc.; private.
BUSH, 1124 — Elegant single rooms, bath, run-
ning water; tg-ounds; references.
DELAWARE, 1151 MarKet— Furnished slnsle
and double rooms, $8 and $10 mo.; nice suite*.
EDINBURGH, 239 Powell— New house, new
furniture; elegant rooms, en suite, single.
EDDY, 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms per night.
60c to $1; week, $2 to $6; families.
EDDY, 614— Very desirable sunny front room;
lower floor; bath; gas; clean and quiet; $10.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
ELLIS, 418 (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
rooms and suites for gents, $1 50 to $3 week.
ELLIg, 723— Neat sunny room; private family;
bath; _as; $6.
FAIR OAKS, 94, above Guerrero — Sunny front
furnished room, $4, or 1 unfurnished.
FILLMORE, 2308— Sanny furnished parlor suite;
rent very reasonable.
FOLSpM. If?3TV_ — Single room In private family.
FOR single business men, in very quiet house,
with or without breakfast; California, Hyd-i
and Polk; references. Box 3220, Call office.
FRANKLIN, 1512— Large furnished front room
for gentleman.
FULTON, 311— Furnished or unfurnished large
and single front rooms; reasonable.
GEARY. 774— Two large furnished sunny par-
lors; also single rooms, with or without
board, in pri\ate family.
GEARY, STl— Newly furnished rooms; central;
reasonable; handsome pew corner flat.
HAMPTON pi.. 3, off Folsom, bet. 2d and 3d— 3
bay-window sunny rooms; yard, basement.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 7SI Mission; select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 p«r week.
HAVES, 738—2 or 3 modern sunny rooms:
housekeeping If desired; select neighborhood.
HICKORY aye., 216. bet. Gough and Octavla I
sts. — 4 large rooms; nice yard; $10.
HOWARD. 715, ST. DAVID'S — 200 rooms;
EirtteE; single; sunny reading room; 25c up.
HOWARD, 749— Large furnished front room,
with or without board; suitable for man and '
wife.
HOWARD, 967 A —Elegant furnished bay-win-
dow room in private family: rent reasonable. !
HYDE, 511. near Geary— Nicely furnished room
In private family; reasonable.
KEARNY, 23— Suite of npoms; fine; cheap.
LARKIN, 1200— Nice sunny single rooms, $4 mo.
up; good board and room; $3 50 per week.
MARKET, 1055, "opposite Jones— Large front
room, furnished or unfurnished.
McALLISTER, 324— Sunny furnished and un-
furnished rooms; board optional.
McALLISTER. 708— Furnished and unfurnished
rooms.
McALLISTER. 1220—2 sunny furnished rooms
wltn or without board.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 a week.
MISSION, 1053—2 or 3 nlc«!y furnished sunny
rooms; use of piano: American family.
MISSION, 1220— Sunny front alcove room; al*o
single rooms; $6 up.
MISSION and Sixteenth. 2009— 1 sunny front
rooms, with grate; also 2 sunny housekeep-
ing rooms, with grate; rent $9.
MISSION, 2013. near Sixteenth— l sunny front
room for 1 or 2 gentlemen, with or without
board.
MONEY on sealskins, silverware, silks and
watches. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
NATOMa! 2S2^ near Fourth— l unfurnished
rooms with water and yard.
NEVADA House, 132 Sixth— Select room*. $1 60
$4 50 wk., $X to $15 mo.; also housekeelng.
NINTH. 85. near Market— Two sunny front con-
necting unfurnished rooms; $6 per Month.
OAK, 22— Nicely furnished modern rooms. $6
mo. up: suit. 2; private fam., nice location.
OAK. 136—2 alcely furnished sunny rooms;
rent reasonable.
O'FAHRELL, 203. corner Powell— Nice suite;
&ii£> iLagle rooms, by day or menu..
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
O'FARRELL, 327— Furnished or unfurnished,
large and single front rooms; reasonable.
O'FARRELL. 210 A —Sunny bay-window front
room. $12; other rooms. $S and $10.
POLK, 17— Front double rooms; $S and $10;
also single. $1 weel; up.
POLK, 1133— Sunny rooms: also corner front
room furnished or partly furnished.
POST, 515— Handsome sunny suites and single
rooms: very reasonable.
POST. 622— Sunny suite or single rooms; first-
class in every respect. ___^
POST, 910 — Sunny room for gentleman; run-
ning' water: closets: upper flat.
BUTTER, 715-717-71; 1 — Furnished nr.d unfurnish-
ed: choice and sunny: reasonable: Investigate.
SI \ EXTH, H2 lOinwl 1! use) 3unny su;:es
and single rooms ai lowest rates.
SHF.RMAN Apartment House. :'S Eighth St.,
r;ear Market: turnlstted and unfurnished.
SILVER STATE. tf-U Mason— European: ele-
gant rms: suite, plnete: day. week, month:
baths: hot and COM water; transient: elev'tr.
SIXTEENTH, 3239—2 connecting furnished
rooms with hot and cold water; reasonable.
STEVENSON, 79. next corner Second— Tailors'
workro«in-s to let.
STOCKTON, 242— Nice sunny rooms, facing
plnza; Mines, single: baths; by day or mo.
Ti OR. 10S— Nicely furnished sunny front
s'n^li- room, ?8 per month.
THIRD. 2l ! _— Lnrgp front room, well lighted,
suitable for office or workroom.
TURK, BJ— Furnished rooms to let. with o»
without housekeeping.
TURK, Ms— BmwM sunny single and double
rooms, $6 per mo up: hot water, bath, gas.
VAX NKSB aye.. 930— Beautiful sunny rooms,
newly furnished, in new flat: board If desired.
WBBBTKK, BM— Newly furnished sunn*
rooms; adults; references.
S UNFURNISHED rooms to let. NW. come»
of Fourth and Tehama sts.
$4 A MONTH: Bitting and bedroom: »unny:
nicely furnished. Box 3235, Cill offloi.
lIOARDIM* AND ROOMS.
COLUMBIA Square, 24. opp. Folsom-st. Park-
Nice large single room, with good board, $4
week. _______
FOI.SOM. 511— Swedish private boarding, with
roorri. $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
FULTON. K33 (The Mlzpahl— A q\n>t family
hotel: modern sunny rooms, single and en
suite; exceptional table; terms reasonable.
GALINDO HOTEL, OAKLAND—
Ip to the times; large sunny suites from $12;
single rooms from $6; board optional; handy
to all trains.
GFARY. r '24— Sunny rooms; modern house;
first-olass board. 'Phone Sutter 2^61.
HYDE, 925— Sunny suites; first-class board J
quiet; homelike. MRS. T. W. BROTHERTON.
HYDE, 40S— Double nnd single rooms; first-
class board; Spanish: $36 a month up.
LARKIN. 2£l4— Room and board In private
family for Rcntleman: marine view; cheap.
LELAND Hall, Palo Alto, box 115— Handsoms.
flat and single rooms, with or without boardj
pleasant surroundings; terms reasonable.
MARKET. IS2O (Hotel Las Palmas)— Large
handsome suites: private bath and dining-
room connecting: board optional; also single.
SOUTH PARK. 1E9 — Good table board. $3 per
week; with nice sunny front room, $4 week.
SUTTER, ITIW WlinilJl suite: single rooms: Mr* t-
class board: large grounds. Mrs. W. F. Evans.
VAN NESS aye.. 808— Beautiful sunny rooms:
modern: newly furni=h»d: with board.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
CHILD to board: Catholic family; good care;
near school; references exchanged; $10 a
month. Box 3233, Call office.
WIDOW with comfortable home would like 3
children to board; reasonable. 61 Clara »t.
CHILD to board; best of care; terms $10. 1034
McAllister et.
WIDOW having her own home would like tha
care of a baby; mother's care. MRS. SHIV-
ERS. Antloch. Cal^
AN elderly lady will take Infants to board: a
mother's care: reference 234»4 Sixth st.
STORES TO LET.
BARN to let-SW. cor. Hyde and Filbert: 25x
70. suit. £Pr e"U yard. BABIX. 413 Kearny.
BUTCHER shop to let; good locality. Apply
at 125 Beale st.
! COR. store. 4 rooms. $14: stable If required. SBSI
! Twenty-fourth st; 2Cd-st. cars pass.
j LEAVEN WORTH. ISS, cor. of Pacific— Store
and 2 rooms; rent reduced.
SMALL store to let: rent $15. 226 Ellis st.
TO LET— Established grocery and bar: fixture*
| complete. Apply Hibernia Brewery.
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true Irlends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; pelf-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. DR. AND MRS. M. DAVIES. 59
McAllister st. ; pills. $2.
ALL monthly irregularities or other conditions
from whatever cause restored at once; safe
and sure at any time; kind sympathy and
aid; Instant relief for travelers; tumors re-
moved by electricity; home in confinement;
best care 1 and privacy: for guaranteed relief
consult the doctor, free, before going else-
Wbere; regulating pills and capsules, $1.
MRS. DR. WEYTH, SIS Post St.. nr. Larkin.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; a home in confinement, with best
possible care; with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital; those sick or discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their case;
they will find in her a true friend. MRS.
DR. GWYER, 226 Turk st.
DRS. GOODWIN. 401 Van Ness— Ladles, near
or far, consult free, only doctor who uses
Sch«-nok's method, the celebrated French phy-
sician: safe. sure, reliable cure for all Irreg-
ularities; any cause: restores strength and
vigor of organs; unexcelled; 15 years' prac-
tice; home; best skill; low fees; pills, $2.
LADIES, Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills)
(Diamond Brand), best; safe, reliable; take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars.
"Relief for Ladies," letter by return mail; at
druggists Chiehester Chemical Co.. Phlla.
SURE cure, when others fail; no medicine or
Instruments; every woman her own physi-
cian for female troubles, no matter what
cause; restore In 1 day; never fails; consulta-
tion free; can be sent and used at home. DR.
POPPER. 318 Kearny; orders by telegram.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause); no instruments used; cure at
office, $5; consultation free; hours 10 to 5.
DR. AND MRS. KOHL. 111S Market st.
A BOON to wives and mothers — Seguro; pric*
$1 50. RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay Bt. ; send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., 531 X St., Sacramento, Cal.
! ALPEAU'S FreVieh pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
DRS. ELY. late of Ohio, 71 Fourth St.— Ladies'
sure cure; any, all; cure at office. $5; pills, $1.
! LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz; infallible, safe rem-
edies; 38 years' experience. 254 1 ,. Fourth st.
DR. HALL. 59 McAllister St.; diseases of wo-
men and children.
I HOME In confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1415 &th st.. Alameda.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALDS Business College, 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, thorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branch-
es; electrical, civil and mining engineering:
surveying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100
graduates placed since 1892; catalogue.
THE Lyceum, preparatory school for the uni-
versity, law and medical colleges; accredited
with Stanford University. Cooper College, etc. ;
day and evening sessions; ret.. Pres. Jordca
or any Stanford professor. Phelan building.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.:
individual instruction in Ehorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship. $50; low rates per week and month.
LADY teacher will give lessons In English,
French and music In return for a comfort-
able home. Box 3216, Call office^
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course in Tarr's rour.ting-room makes you
thorough. Room 572, 855 Market i<t.
VIOLIN, mandolin, comet, piano and other
Instruments taught by lady teachers. W4l
Twenty-fourth st.
ENGINEERING School: civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, arch'it.; day & eve.;
ett. 1564. VAN DER NAILEN. 833 Market.
PIANO and German lessons: pupil of Lclpsla
Conservatory; i. oderate terms. 110 Hyde st.
PIANO player wants party playing; rates rea-
sonable. 110 McAllister st.
PIANO lessons given, 26c an hour; German
method. 1634 A Howard st.
WEBSTER. 2107^4— Piano teacher; studied 111
Paris: terms reasonable: best references.
VOICE culture, pteno. Paris graduate: French.
Spanish: new classes: $2 mo. 109 Taylor st.
»7 HAVES ST.— Branch office of The Call.*
Subscriptions and ads taken.
1314
PERSONALS.
IF PATRICK J. CUMMISKY, who left Frank-
lin, Mass., about the year 1873, occupation
shoemaker, and who ran a stationary engine
In building on corner of Battery and Wash-
ington streets. S.in Francisco, In 15. 4, will
correspond with Thomas P. Connelly. Mllfora.
Mass.. he will hear something to his advant-
age^ —
WIDOW, respectable, amiable, prepossessing,
desires to correspond with honorable gentle-
man past 40, of means, neat and good looking,
with view to matrimony. Address E., box 9,
- Call office, Oakland.
LEARN to hypnotize: greatest wonder of the
age: makes hours of fun: I teach the quick-
est and best method on earth; you can
make the weak as strong as a lion or the
bully as timid as a child; you can cure dis-
ease or bail habits; cause others to come
to you, love and obey you: every wish grati-
fied: I guarantee success; elegantly illus-
trated lesson, postpaid 10c. Address, PRO*.
J. R. HERRIN, box 273, Decatur 111.
SCIENTIFIC massage treatment; college ***&.
uate of Berlin. Germany. TH. OLIVER, st»
Folsom st.
PRIVATE home In confinement; connected with
housekeeping apartments. MRS. UK-
FUNKE, 1416 Eighth st .. Alameda. _^
TFDDIE- Please send address; I must have It.
. . ,n" ni |—
MAI KIMOM.U..
ALL seeking innrrlace send 10c ond po*tace for
Mnrrli "Weddir.c Be!!": !o rapes: ni Jo re-
quired Editor. 11! Kills st.. Pan Fra.-iclsci.
mSi\lS> PERSONALS.
MASSAGE the head for a few minutes before
retiring; have your hair dressed here for 26c;
good switches, Jl; best, finest quality, $5 50;
extra heavy, long. It; open Sundays from 9
to 12. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
USE Lederer's Quinonia as a daily wash for
the hair. G. LEDERER, 11 Stockton st.
LADIES may select trona 2 dozen fancy waists
and costumes, latest styles, when having
photo taken at HOLLER'S. 8 Sixth; also
children's dresses: free; mtnettes. ;>oe per doz.
IDEAS wanted; think; invent: simplest Inven-
tions pay best; big patent book free. O'MERA
& CO opp. Patei.t Office, Washington. D. C.
A SUCCESSFUL treatment for wrinkles; trial
given; electricity given for falling of the
hair. Hairdressltig Parlors. 9\ 2 Stockton St.
PARTNER wanted Immediately with lew hun-
dred dollars to invest ar:d manage a striking
vaudeville novelty. Address box KM, Call.
DR. MAUDE IXMAX, electric medicated vapor
baths. 1055 Market st.. rooms 1 and 2.
HAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
NO-VINO, Dr. Terhune's Infallible cure for I
drunkenness: given secretly and at home;
absolutely harmless. inexpensive and guar-
anteed to cure; all drusrgtsts or write direct.
Terhune Remedy Co., Dept. A. Grand Rapids,
Mich.
LADIES, my monthly regulator never fails;
trial. 10c. MRS. ROWAN, Milwaukee. Wis.
MRS. JOHNSON, experienced masseuse; elec-
trical water treatment; nee 10, US Grant
avenue.
STAMMERING and stuttering corrected. PROF.
J. WHITEHORN, 570 33d st., Oakland, Cat.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third Ft., nr. Market: 200 rooms.
25c to $1 DO pc- night: $1 50 to $6 per week:
, free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made In
San Francisco at Eastern prices. WALTER
N. BRUNT. 535 Clay St.. S. F.
PAINTING, papering, tinting, whitening at
lowest prices. F. EDWARDS. 1200 Webster.
CLOAKS and fine tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. 20 Sansome st.
SUIT to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and sth.
US LAP.KIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions arl 'rant ads taken.
DR.ESS3&I KLli;.
till GOLDSTEIN— styllshf^drrsse^
}.*> up: dresses made over. 6 Eddy st., rm. 86.
BAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College. BIG Market St.
■ — —^ ■
STORAGE.
F^R^TowesT^ates gft~to LO IS~f? N E ITmaN?
121 Sixth St., open evenings.
AT low rates — Furniture, carpets, pianos,
household goods; clean, light compartments;
advances made. J. NOONAN. 1017 to VKI
Mission Ft., above Sixth: open evenings.
AT lowest rates— Household goods, pianos; ad-
vances made: fireproof building. F. W.
ZEHFUSS. MO Mission st. Tel. Mint 1821.
ATTORM2YS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON. f27 Market st.
ELEVENTH. Branch of lice of The Call;
subscriptions and want a.da taken.
CHEAPEST ■•'. best ■■. America— The Weekly
Coll Sent to any address in th? United
States or Canada one year for II 50. postage
free. __^^^^^^^^^_
LEGAL KOTiOtSS.
IN the Superior Court of the city and county
of St»n Francisco, State of California— ln the
matter of the estate of CHARLES C. TER-
KILL, decease.— Notice of sale of real es-
tate.
Notice Is hereby given that In pursuance of
an order Of the Superior Court of the city and
county of San Francisco. State of California,
made en the 2i.st day of March, 18&8. in the
matter of the estate of CHARLES C. TEli-
RILL, deceased, the undersigned, ANNIE H.
TKKitILL, as executrix of the last will of
raid CHARLES C. TKRRILL, deceased, will
sell at private sale, to the highest bidder. In
one parcel and for cash in Hie told coin of
the United States, on or after the 12th day
OX April. ISSS. the offers or bids to be received
at the offices of E. F. PRESTON, ESQ
1004-1007 Cl-ius Spreckels building, S«.n Fr.ui-
Cisco, all the right, title, interest and estate
of the said CHARLIES C. TERRILL at the
time of his death. end all trie right, title and
interest that the estate has, by operation of
law or otherwise, acquired other than or in
addition to that of the said CHARLES C
TL'KRILL at the time of his death, in and
to all that certain lot, piece or parcel of land
situate in said city and county of Kan Fran-
cisco. State of California, and bounded and
described as follows, to wit:
That lot. piece or parcel of land situate as
aforesaid which is bounded by k line com-
mencing at the southwesterly corner of Va-
lencia and Hermann streets, being the point
of Intersection of the southerly line of Her-
mann street with the westerly line of Va-
lencia street, and running thence southerly
along the said westerly side of Valencia
street seventy-five (75) !v»t to a point; thence
at a right angle westerly, on a line parallel
, with Hermann street, ninety (90) feet to a
point: thence at a risht angle southerly on a
line parallel with Valencia street, twenty-
five (25) feet to a point; thence at a right
angle westerly on a line parallel with Her-
mann street, seventy-five (75) feet; and to a
point in the easterly line of Elgin Park-
thence at a right angle northerly and along
. the said easterly line or Elgin I'ark. one
hundred <10<.>) feet, and to a point In the said
southerly line of Hermann street; and thence
easterly, along the said southerly line of
Hermann street, one hundred and sixty-five
(165) feet and to the point of commencement
the same being a part of Mission block num-
ber twenty-two '22) as the said block 'is
shown and so designated on the official man
of said city and county, together with the
improvements thereon and the appurtenances
thereof. ' "
ANNIE H. TERRILL. Executrix of th»
Estate of CHARLES C. TERRILL. deceased
Dated. March 26. 1&08. ueceasea.
E. F. PRESTON. Attorney for Executrix.
CITY and County Treasury, San Franclico
March 16, 18^-ln compliance with the provis!
lons of section 5 of order IMS of the Board of
Supervisors, approved September IS ISBO
there will be sold at public auction by E s'
Kpear & Co., at their salesrooms. 31 and as
Butter street, on
MONDAY. APRIL IS, IS9B
At 10 o'clock a. m.. sundry articles of stolen.
lost and unclaimed property recovered by the
police force of San Francisco, as detailed In
an Inventory thereof on file in the office of
the clerk of the Board of Supervisors and
consisting of Jewelry, wearing apparel pis-
tols, knives, etc.; also a lot of trunks. valises
clothing, etc.. property of deceased persons
received from the Coroner of this city . and
county. Open for Inspection on morning of
•ale. A. C. WIDBER,
City and County Treasurer.
I'ROI'OSALS.
PROPOSALS for School Books— Office of the
Board of Education, City Hall. San Fran-
cisco, March 12, IS'J!>.
In accordance with resolutions adopted by the
Board of Kducatlon, and in compliance with
the law, sealed proposals will be received in
open session of the Board of Education, f'itv
Hall, on WEDNESDAY. May 11. 1896, from 3
to 3.30 o'clock p. m., for supplying the pupils
In the public schools of this city and county
with suitable school text books i:i the follow-
ing-named blanches: Drawing, Music, Busi-
ness Forms, Elementary French and German
Bookkeeping and Supplementary Reading.
It Is proposed to change or rcudopt text boons
on the foregoing subjects.
All btds must be lor lour years; must state
the book or books o.TVred. nnd must he accom-
panied by a sample of each book offered.
Bidders mast Kive the wholesale price to deal-
ers of each book, and also the retail price of
each book In San Francis-co.
Bidders are requlrrd te state on what terms,
in the event of their bids being accepted, they
will substitute such books for those now in use
by pupils.
Successful bidders must sign a contract and
file a good and sufficient bond In such amount
as may be designated by the Board of Educa-
tion.
The board reserves the right to reject any or
all bids, or any portion of any bid, as the
public good may require.
The parties to whom contracts are awarded
will be required, prior to or at the time of
execution of the contracts, to pay cost of ad-
vertlaUlE. CHARLES W. WELCH,
LOST.
LOST— Red leather pocketbook containing U.
S. Government certificate dated June. ISB4,
and other papers; no value. Leave at saloon
oorner Fourth and Townsend sts. and receive
reward.
BETWEKN Montgomery and Eighth streets
on Market, one account book and cigar box
containing bills. Return to 621 Mission st.
and receive J5 rewnrd.
LOST— Great Dane; male: blue color; ear*
cropped; no dew claws; Ilhpral reward. MRS.
\LFRED RONCOVIEU, 722 California st^
LOST— English setter dog. reddish brown and
white or roan color; suitable reward. 2706
I>aguna st.
LOST— A small light-brown cocker spaniel; $20
reward. Return to 424 Post st.
LOST -Brindle Great Dane bitch. Liberal re-
ward. 1730 Market st.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of CHARLES B. LEARNED. No.
191.23). The finder will please return to bank.
BANK book. Pan Francisco Savings Union.
CKAS. B LEARNED: also small black
pocketbook, containing promissory note
drawn Nov. JO, 1593. in favor same party.
CASH Riven for old gold and silver Jewelry at
UNCLE HARRIS" 15 Grant aye.
DENTISTS.
NFW YORK dentists— Painless extraction. 50c;
teeth per set. $i to $10; gold fillintfs. $1 up:
Silver, 50c up: artificial teeth repaired, tl
up; our crown and bridge work is the best;
hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.; Sundays, 9 to 1.
?69 Mission, cor. Sixth; branch. 371 Hayes.
A~FULL set of teeth. ?5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted ten years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns. $.1 60; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
DrTIIDLUmIiILL, 144S Market St.. nr. 11th;
no charge for extracting when plates ar*
made; old plate* made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro- Dental Parlor*: full set
of teeth, $5 up; fillings. 25c up: all work
painless and guaranteed to stand: open even-
Ings. 997 Market St., corner Sixth.
OHIO Dental Parlors. 819 Market st.. Acad-
emy of Sciences building, fifth floor; painless j
dentistry.
L. A. TEA.GUE. A. CANE and F. TEAGUE.
removed to Call bldg., 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W KEY, 1320 Market st.
BKT of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C
YOUNG. 1841 Polk St.
HOUSE i\
AT HALF his value If sold quick; good
7-year-old horse; not afraid of cars. Stable,
20 Clay st.
JUST arrived— so horses, mules, burros. 721
Howard st. ; auction every Tuesday.
HORSES, harness, laundry, express wagons of
all kinds, buggies, carts bought, sold, ex-
changed at Emporium, 220 Valencia *t.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 527 Sixth St.. auction sale* every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN * DOYLE. Auctioneer*.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United |
States or Canada one year for $1 50. postage
free
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
NEW 3-can milk wagon: 1 light delivery
wagon- light buggy. 1370 Turk st.
FINE laundry, hiker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or installments: 1 fine top and opeo
buggy: also 1 hack: 828 Harrison st.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DO.nNELL, office and residence,
1206 Market: diseases of women a specialty.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FORT BrAGG— Arrived April 9- Tug Vlgl-
lant
CASPAR — Sailed April 9— Stmr Jewel, for
Newport.
GREENWOOD— SaiIed April 9— Stmr Whltes-
boro, for San Francisco.
QRAYB HARBOR — Arrived April 9— Schr
Defender, hence March 30.
* SEATTLE — Arrived April 9— Bark Enoch
Talbot, from Dyea.
Sailed April &— Jap stmr Klnshlu Maru, for ;
Yokohama.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were granted j
yesterday :
M. L. Robinson and Dt-lsy McCormick. 36-16.
Charles Jordan and Catherine Wilson. 33-33.
Frank Wilson and Mary A. Sheehan, 31-23.
John Demaria and Ester Buasso, 22-18.
F. ' '. Graham and Catherine Dempsey, 33-26. |
R. F. H. Denicke and Dora M. Muller. 40-33. j
Mlf-haH .1 Polan and Annie Regan. 29-22.
H. F P.-hellin and Mary A. Foley, 34-24.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be
hand^l in at either of the publication offices
and be lndorsf-d with the name and residence j
of persons authorized to have the sa.me pub-
lished.
BORN.
ATLY— In Oakland. April 6, 1898, to the wife
f.f William Atly, a son.
CORIA— In Alhambra Valley, near Martinez,
April 2. ISOB. to the wife of A. F. Coria, a
rlauehter.
COUTTS— In this city, March 21, 1898. to the
wife of Alex D. Coutts, a son.
CRONIN— In thin city. April S, 1898, to the wife
of fv>rnellus Cronln, a daughter.
DUPP.EY— In Arcata, April 4. 1898, to the wife
of A. I. Duprey. a daughter.
GAVIN— April 9, 1898, to the wife of William
H. Gr.v!n, a son.
HELLINGSEN-In this city. March 31, 1898. to
the wife of Captain J. 8. Helllngsen, a
daughter.
HOGAN-In this city, March 27, 1898, to the
wife of M. Hopan. a son.
JORDAN-In Napa, April 7, 1898. to the wife of
Fred M. Jordan, a son.
LINNELL— In this city, March 28, 1898, to the
wife of H. S. Linnell, a daughter.
MITCHKLL— In Pacific Grove. April 1, 1898, to
the wife of R. G. Mitchell, a son.
PRYAL— In this city, April 6. 1898, to the wife
of Andrew Prynl. a daughter.
ROWE— In Berkeley, April 4. 1898, to the wife
of T. C. Rowe. n son.
RUFFNER— In this city, April 5, 1898, to the
wife of Clarence Ruffner. a son.
RUST— In Binghampton. April 6, 1898, to the
wife of C. C. Rust, a son.
SNEAD— In Dixon. April 8, ISSB, to the wife
of Steve Snead, a son.
SULLIVAN— In Vallejo. April 7. 1898, to the
wife of J. L. Sullivan, a son.
VAUGHAN— In San Jose. April 7. 18S8, to the
wife of W. H. Vaughan, a daughter.
WOBBER— ApriI 5. 1698, to the wife of Ernst
A. Wobber, a son.
MARRIED.
i FOSTER— BITHER— In Merced. April 1. 1898,
! by Hon. J. K. Law, Fred E. Foster and Irene
Either.
i GANOUNG— MERRYMAN —In San Micuel,
I April 6, IS9B, by the Rev. H. N. Smith, Albert
j Ganoung and Ella B. Merryman.
HAMILTON— WILSON— In Santa Barbara,
Ajrll o. IS9B. Will A. Hamilton and Lyda A.
Wilson.
■ MATHEWS— HYDE— In Reno, Nev.. April 6.
, 1898. Edwin H. Mathews and Effte J. Hyde.
MARCURIO — AILILIO —In Black Diamond
April 1, 1898. by O. N. Rogers. Justice of the
Pea'-p. A. A. Marcurlo and Peplno Alllllo.
MILLIGAN— ANDERSON — March 6. 1898. by
j the Rev. Charles Edward Locke. D.D., Rob-
tit Millipan and Amanda Anderson, both of
Snn Fian<i?< o.
O'BRIEN— MoNALLY— March 20. IS9B. by the
K>-v. Charles Edward Locke, D.D.. John P
i O'Brien and Mary A. McNally, both of San
; Francisco.
ROSIN— WRIGHT— March 28, IS9B, by the Rev
rharles Edward L«.cke, D.D., Emll C Rosin
of San FTancisco and Vivian tu. Wright of
Alamoda, Cal.
Sl.!."\i:it-11ERCE— March 81, 1898, by the
Rev. Charles Edward Locke, D. D . Samuel
A Belover and Clara Ellen Pierce, both of
i San Francisco.
! SIMPSON_.IACKSON-In Tulare. April 6 1898
by the Rev. H. S. Enyeart. John Simpson
and Nellie Jackson.
: STARKWEATHER— FORBES— April 2. 1898 by
i the Rev. Charles Edward L>ocke, D.D.. Lewis
S. Starkweather and Mollle Forbes both of
Napa City. Cal.
I WESTOVER-GOGGIN-In this city. April 2
! 18H8, by the Rev. E. J. Lion. Clyde C West-
'.wer and Blanche B. Goggln, both of Ban
Francisco.
PIED, j
Borden, Mrs Annie Koch, William J.
. Buchner, > Charles : • : Koenlg, Morltz
ltura, Adolph . Linahan. Hannah A.
Christen, .Albert W. McMaster, William "
Clare, Verdi A. ' Marks, Seymour
• Davidson, Margaret "- Marsh. t Stephen H.
Englander, : Theresa . Masters, Captain O. ■
" Fat Jo, Joaquin J.  Mathisen.'Crlsa , '
Groves, William - :. Nagel,' Jacob . ' .
Grunde-11, Mrs. C. J. Never, Frederick
Halpin, Catharine Nolan, Cecelia B.
Hanna. Francis M. Riordan, Cornelius
'•' Holland, Peter ' : Roberts, Annie
Jllge, Augusta M. Wadsworth, Kittle
BORDEN— In Vallejo, ; April 6. 1898. Mrs. Annie
Borden, a native of Ireland, aged 62 years.
BL'CHNER— In this city, April 9. . 1898, • Charles
Buehner, a native of Germany, aged 83
vaaxa.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.L, SUNDAY, APRLL 10, 1898.
BURA— In this city. April I, 18BS, Adolph,
dearly beloved husband of Marie Bura, and
father of Henry and Henrietta Bura, a na-
tive of Hamburg. Germany, aged 46 years
10 months and 12 days. A member of Oer-
manlß Club.
IL-7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, lrom Union Square
Hall, 421 Post street, between Mason and
Powpll. Remains at the parlors of H. F.
Suhr & Co.. 1209 Mission street. Interment I.
O. O. F. Cemetery.
CHRISTEN— ApriI 8. 1898. Albert Willie, beloved
son of Auguste and William Christen, and
brother of Minnie, Agnes. Ernest and Emll
Christen, aged 17 years 6 months and 9 days.
CT'The funernl will take place thts day
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the family
Vesldence. 1759 Vi Seventh street. West Oak-
land. Friends and acquaintance* are Invited
to attend.
CLARE— In this city, April 9, 1898, Verdi
Ardee, beloved daughter of George C. and
J. G. Clare, and sister of Iris and Bable
Clare, a native of College City, Cal.. aged 3
year 4 months and 14 days.
DAVIDSON— In Oakland, 9, 1898. Mar-
garet M.. dearly beloved wife of R. M. David-
son, and mother of Wilbert S.. Frank M. and
Gertrude D. Davidson, a native of Nova
Scotia, aged 62 years 5 months and 1 day.
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the Twenty-
third Avenue Baptist Church. ' Interment
Mountain View Cemetery-
ENGLANDER— In this city. April 7. IS9B. The-
resa, widow of the late Max Englander. and
mother of Rebecca Desbeck, Etta Zellerbach,
Rose Stelner and Aaron and H. M. Eng-
lander. a native of Germany, aged 6S years.
K7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 807 Franklin street. Interment Home
of Peace Cemetery, by special train from
Third and Townsend streets at 2:15 o'clock.
Please omit flowers.
FATJO— In Volta, Merced County, April t. 1898,
Joaquln J. Fatjo.
K7 Buried In Banta Clara April 5, 1898. A
solemn requiem mass will be offered up for
the repose of his soul at 10 o'clock, Tuesday,
April 13, at the Church of Nuestra Senora de
Guadalupe. Friends are kindly Invited to at-
tend.
GREVES— In this city. April 8, 1898, William,
beloved husband of Emma S. Greves, father
of Georglne Edith Greves, son of David and
the late Mary Ann Greves, and brother of
James. Hiram, David and Oi-orge c reves, a
native of Australia, aged 36 years 8 months.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 225 Ritch street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
GRUNDELL— In this city, April 9. 1898, Mrs.
Catherine J. Grundell, beloved mother of
Charles L.. James H., Richard M.. Thomas
O. and Frederick J. Grundell. Mrs. Thomas
Corbltt. Mrs. William Swaber and Mrs. H.
Krieg, a native of St. John. New Bruns-
wick, a*ed 58 years 6 months and 21 days.
CJ'Notlce of funeral hereafter.
HALPIN— In this city, April 9, 1898, Catharine,
beloved wife of William P. Halpin. and
mother of Mary and Dennis Halpin, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 45 years.
IT7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, Ingleside, thence to St. Mary's Col-
lege Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
HANNA— In this city, April 9. 1898, Francis
M., beloved son of Francis A. and Annie
Hanna. a native of San Francisco, aged 2
months and 15 days.
HOLLAND— In this city, April 8, 1898, Peter
Holland, police officer, a native of Ireland,
aged 57 years.
lE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 9:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, for services,
at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
JILGE— In this city. April 8. 1898, Augusta
Mathilda, dearly beloved wife of .he late
William Jllge, and mother of William and
Bertha Jilge, a native of Germany, aged 87
years 1 month and 14 days.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this dfty
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, near
Eigthth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
KOCH— In this city, April 8. 1898, William J.,
beloved son of Julia and the late Joseph
Koch, and brother of Frederick. Jacob and
Lena Koch and Mrs. Elizabeth Fitzgerald,
a native of San Francisco, aged 2S years 11
months and 4 days.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1327 Pan~hf»z street, near Army, thence
to St Paul's Church for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
KOKNIG— In this city, April 4. IS9B. Morltz.
deariy beloved husband of Anna Koenig, and
father of Anita Koenlg, a native of Ann-
stadt, Germany, aped 46 years and 3 months.
A member of Germanla Lodge No. 1718. K. of
H., end Deutscher Krieger Vereln.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from B'nai B'rith Hall,
121 Eddy street, thence by electric funeral-
car from Fourteenth and Mission streets, at
2:30 o'clock. Remains at the parlors of H. F.
Suhr & Co.. 1209 Mission street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
LINAHAN— In this city. April 8, IS9B. Han-
nah Agnes, beloved wife of Joseph P. Llna-
han, daughter of John and Jane Crowley.
dearly beloved mother of Joseph Jr., (Frank
Elgin), Charles, (Ellen Edna), (Robert Mil-
ton) and Herman Llnahan. and sister of
Mrs. Hermann Corr.eps and the late John
J. Crowley, a native of Cambrldgeport, Mass.,
ased 3S years 9 months ar.d 11 days.
C'T'Friend's and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sun.lay). at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
her sifter. Mrs. Hermann Corne]>«:, 91S Vallejo
street, thence to St. Francis Church, for serv-
ice?, commencing at 1:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cress Cemetery.
McMASTER — In Alameda, April 6, IS9B, Wil-
liam McMaster, a native of Ayrshire, Scot-
land, aged f>6 years.
t^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funei-al this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1141 Park avenue. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery.
MARKS- In Ukiah, Cal.. April 7, 1898, Sey-
mour, beloved husband of Caroline Marks,
a native of Prussia, aged 64 years.
CyFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Sun-
day), at 10 o'clock, at B'nai B'rith Hall. 121
Eddy street, under the auspices of Crockett
Lodge No. 139. F. and A. M.
MARSH— In Los Angeles. March 29. 1898,
Stephen H., beloved husband of Nettle
Marsh, son of Mrs. H. Marsh, and brother of
Mrs. M. Cantor and George T., Alfred. Vic-
tor and Ralph Marsh, a native of Australia,
aged 31 years and 7 months.
MASTERS— In Alameda, April 7, 1898, Captain
G. W. K. Masters, a native of Rocklln. Me.,
aged f.5 years.
CTFriends and acquaintance are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Sunday), at 10 o'clock, at his
late residence, 2321 Lincoln avenue. Alameda.
MATHISEN — Near Newman, April 7, 1898,
Criss Mathisen, a native of Germany, aged
about 89 years.
NAGEL— In this city, April 7, 1898, Jacob, be-
loved husband of Louisa Nagel, and father
of I,ouls, Albert, Charles and Willie Nagel,
and brother of Babetta Heln and Mr*. Lena
Couper, a native of Wurtemberg, Germany,
aged 66 years and 2 months.
lE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2305 Bryant street, thence to Odd Fel-
lows' Hall, corner Market and Seventh
streets, where the services will be held, un-
der the auspices of Harmony Lodge No. 13,
I. O. O. F.. commencing at 2 o'clock sharp.
Members of Eureka Ham No. 4. Druldes, U.
A. O. D.. and Teutonla Council No. 66,
Chosen Friends, are Invited to attend. Inter-
ment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
NEUER— In the City and County Hospital,
April 9, 189S, Frederick Never. a native of
Germany, aged 61 years.
NOLAN— In this city, April 9, 1898, Cecelia 8.,
beloved daughter of Patrick and Ellen Nolan,
and sinter of Mrs. Hugh McCafferty, Mra.
M. E. Tlllman. Mrs. C. A. Clinton, Mrs. M.
Arzburgur, Miss P. M. Nolan and Edward
J. and William F. Nolan, a native of San
Francisco.
fTT" Notice of funeral hereafter,
RIORDAN— In this city. April 9. 1898, at his
residence, 715 A McAllister street. Cornelius,
beloved husband of Mary A. Rlordan. and
father of Dan F., Con J., Lalla. Mollle and
Kittle F. Rlordan, a native of Macroom,
County Cork, Ireland, aged 69 years.
(ETNotlce of funeral hereafter. Interment
private.
ROBERTS— In Honolulu. March «. 1898. Annie
E.. beloved wife of John M. Roberts, and be-
loved mother of Mrs. John 11. Lone and W.
H. and C. H. Maraton, a native of Staten
Island. N. V., aged 53 years and 23 days.
WADSWORTH— In this city, April 9. M9B
Kittle, V.. beloved daughter of John J. and
the late Kittle Wadsworth. a native of San
Francisco, aged 2 years 10 months and 8 days.
(CXFrlendß are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Sunday),
at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence of her
grandmother, Mrs. Emma Wadsworth, 1223
York street. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery. ■
I* ""^^McAVOY & GALLAGHER^^T"
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMER3 I t
Hi MFTH ST., Opp. Lincoln Sohoil. I
Telephone, South 80. • 1 1
Estab. 186$. — Tel. South 47. '
CRAIG & COCH RAN CO.
. Funeral Director* and Embalmera,
22, 24 AND 26 MINT AVENUE:
Lady assistants. Spacious chapel for th« on
of our patrons. Rubber tires on our ambulane*.
JAB. ENGLISH.' T. R. CAREW. V
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMERS. S
i :V* :-i .FUNERAL ? DIRECTORS.^ V: >:
41 .Van Ness aye., near Market at., San
Francisco. " Telephone So.' 166. ■ " ■-..:■• ■■ . ■■' :.-. .
- During the siege of : Parts ! 150,000 j official
dispatches were carried Into the city by
i thß "Pig-eon Post." ■ - •■
THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES.
Emmanuel Baptist, Twenty-third and
lett streets.
Rev. J. G. Gibson
"I Am the Resurrection." Even- .
ipture reading. .
First Baptist, Eddy street, near Jones.
Rev. E. A. Woods -
lornlng— "The Resurrection and Its Les- •
son." Evening— "lf Christ's Not Risen •
Then What?" . .
Catholic Seamen's Institute, 9
Paulist Fathers
■Easter sermon.
Church of Corpus Christi, Alemany
Croke streets.
Saleslan Fathers
ion by Father Casginl. Even- •
by Father Papnni. .
Holy Cross, Scott and Eddy streets.
Father McGinty
[orning— "Christ Is Risen."
Vespers and benediction.
Evening — .
Our Lady of Guadalupe, Broadway,
Mason street.
[orning— "Christ
Beneolction.
la
Risen." Evening — <
Our Lady of Victories, Bush street,
Stockton.
Marist Fathers
[orning— Sermon on the "Resurrection" by •
Father Guibert. Evening— Devotions of •
the "Arehcontrerle de Notre Dame."
St. Brendan's,
streets.
Fremont
and
Father Nugent
5l and Epistle,
benediction.
Evening — .
St. Charles, Twenty-fourth and
Btreets.
Father Cummlngs
mn high mass. Evening — i
of the Blessed Sacrament. <
St. Dominic's Academy,
Twenty-fourth streets.
Guerrero
Chaplain
lornlng— Celebration of the feast of the ■
resurrection oi our Lord. <
Dominic's, Steiner and Bush streets.
Dominican Fathers
[orning— St. Dominic's Sodality of the •
Holy .Name will receive Holy Communion. •
Evening — Vespers. <
St. Francis,
avenue.
Father Carraher
Evening— Benedlc- •
t. Ignatius, Van Ness avenue and
street.
Jesuit Fathers
lorning— "The Resurrection of Christ." by •
Father Mahoney. 2:30 p. m.— Reception <
into the ladles' Sodality. Evening— Sol- •
emn vespers. Sermon by Father Woods.
St. James,
streets.
Twenty-third and
Father Lynch
lornlng— "He Has Risen."
pers and Benediction.
Evening — Yes- •
St. Joseph's, Tenth and
Father Scanlan
-"The Resurrection,"
Benediction.
Evening— •
St. Mary's Cathedral, Van Nes»
and O'Farrell street.
Rev. Father Prendergast. V. O
St. Mary's, California and Dupont
Pauliat Fathers
lornlng— "The Resurrection," by Father <
Younnan. Evening— "Our Faith the Vie- •
tory, " by Father Wyman. «
St. Paul's,
streets.
Twenty-ninth
and
Father Connolly
lornlng— Solemn high mass. Evening— •
Vespers will be chanted by the Young .
Men and Boys' Choral Society. <
St. Rose's, Fourth and Brannan streets.
Father Nugent
on the Resurrection. Even- •
ing—
St. Teresa's, Tennessee and Butte
Rev. Father Browne
mn high mass,
and vespers.
Evening — <
First Christian, Mission
streets.
and
Rev. F. S. Ford
"Gratitude."
Evening — "Jesus Is ■
West Side Christian.
Devisadero.
Bush street.
Rev. W. A. Gardener
lorning— "The Greatest Victory." Evening <
— "The Holy Spirit." <
Bethany Congregational,
near Twenty-fifth.
Bartlett
Rev. W. C. Pond
-nlng— "Ripen With Christ." Sacra- <
ental service. Evening— Exercises by <
tiristlan Chinese. "Incidents of Mission .
'ork in California," by Woo Chung Hoy. .
Bethlehem Congregational, Vermont
near Twenty-fourth.
Rev. W. H. Tubbs
Lord Is Risen, Indeed." .
old My Hands and My <
First Congregational,
streets.
Post
and
Rev. G. C. Adams
"It Began to Dawn." Evening— •
Templars will attend In a body. •
Olivet Congregational,
Noe streets.
Seventeenth
Rev. H. T. Shepard
lorning — A concert of songs and recita- •
tlons. Evening— Short address by the pas-
tor. ,
Plymouth Congregational, Post street,
Webster.
Rev. F. B. Cherington
from the Scripture. Even-
opes and Joys."
Richmond Congregational, Seventh
and Clement street.
Rev. P. Coombe
"Risen With Christ."
ew Easter. "
Evening —
Third Congregational, Fifteenth street,
Mission.
Rev. W. Rader
How Are the Dead Rajsed?"
"The Easter Prayer."
Church of the Advent, Eleventh street.
Market.
Rev. J. Emery
and choral service.
Good Samarlt
som streets.
Second and
Rev. W. I. Kip
[orning— The unveiling of the stained glass
window erected to the memory of Bishop
Kip. Evening— Choral service.
St. Luke's. Van Ness avenue and
street.
Rev. W. H. Moreland
[orning— "The Future Life." Evening-
Bishop Nlcholls will preach and adminis-
ter the sacrament of confirmation.
St. Peter's Episcopal. Stockton and
bert rtreets.
Rev. M. D. Wilson
iorning — Communion service.
"Christ the Lord Is Risen."
Evening—
Trinity Church, Bush and Gough streets.
Rev. H. E. Cooke
service.
Evening —
"Jesus Lives."
Church of the Holy Spirit, 2127
street.
Rev. O. C. Miller
"The
lversary service,
of the Mission."
Evening—
First English Lutheran. Geary street
Gough.
Rev. E. Nelander
a. m.— "Easter Lilie3."
Queen of Festivals."
Stone Rolled Away."
11 a. m.— "The
Evening — "The
Emmanuel Evangelic*!. Twelfth street.
Market.
Rev. F. W. Fischer
Resurrection of Chri6t."
r song service.
First Presbyterian, Van Ness avenue
Sacramento street.
Rev. R. Mackenzie
"Resurrection
>n by the pastor on the
." Evening— Sermonoby Rev.
E. H. Jenks.
Howard Presbyterian, corner Oak and Ba
ker street*.
Rev. F. R. Farrand
;— "An Empty Tomb."
Resurrection Body."
Evening —
Memorial Presbyterian, Eighteenth
and Railroad avenue.
Rev. H. N. Bevler
lorning— "The Christian Hope."
— "The Blessed Sleep."
Evening
Trinity Presbyterian,
Capp streets.
Twenty-third
Rev. A. N. Carson
[orning— "The Power of Christ's Resur-
rection." livening— Golden (iate Com-
nifuidery will' attend in a body.
Westminster Presbyterian, Webster
Page streets.
Rev. S. S. Crvor
"A
"Risen With Christ."
■ious Call."
Evening —
Central Methodist.
Sixth.
Mission street.
Rev. C. E. Locke
'Easter Meditations."
Howard Street M. E., Howard street.
Second.
Rev. J. A. B. Wilson
Easter demonstration. '
Utility of the Resurrection
Simpson Memorial, Hayes and
streets.
Rev. J. Stephens
Ing--
"If Ye Then Be Risen."
aster."
Even-
First Unitarian,
streets.
Franklin
and
Rev. H. Stebbins
service.
Second Unitarian,
streets.
Twentieth and
Rev. A. J. Wells.!
'The Lesson of the Lilies."
-Rabbi Nieto will speak on the
of the worklngman.
First Church of Christ, Scientist. 223
ter street.
The Bible and Science and Health, with
Key to the Scriptures
-"Jesus
Prophesies
the
Second
Salvation Army, 1139 Market street.
Major Evans
!e Has Risen, Allelulla." Even-
festival. Special Easter ser-
T. M. C. A., Mason and
W. A. Gardner
p. m. — "The Devil's Greatest Defeat."
Bethel African M. E., Powell street,
Jackson.
Rev. W. B. Anderson
lornlng— "Jesus and the Resurrection."
Evening— "God Sendeth Gideon for Their
Deliverance."
Hamilton Square Baptist, Post street,
Stelner.
Rev. W. C. Jenkins
"Our Risen Lord."
and Finding Life."
Evening—
Sacred Heart, Fell street, near Webster.
Rev. Father Flood
on on the "Resurrection,"
Flood. Evening— Gregorian
by Fat
vespers.
California Street M.
Broderick streets.
E. , California
Rev. J. W. Phelps
by TV. S. Matthews, D.D.
s to Jesus."
. Alban's,
Rev. Mr. Shephnrd
service.
Evening: —
Ep worth M. E., Churoh and
streets.
Rev. W. M. Woodward
[orning— "The Risen Christ." Evening—
"Easter Thanksgiving and the Reason tor
It."
First M. E. Church, Powell and i
lngton streets. \
Rev. tV. S. Urmy
"Thy Name Be Hallowed, Thy
n Come, Thy Will Be Done."
■— Easter exercises by the Sunday
Grace M. E., Twenty-first and Capp
Rev. J. N. Beard
• service by
Has Risen."
the
choir.
Japanese M. E., 1529 Pine *t.
Mary E. Bowen. evangelist
'otrero M.
streets.
E.,
Tennessee
and
Rev. D. W. Chllson
of members and bap-
n. Evening— "Easter
tlsru of
Greeting."
Trinity. M. E. Church, Sixteenth,
and Noe streets.
Rev. H. W. Peck
-Brief remarks by the general su-
ident and pastor. Services con-
by the children.
Calvary Presbyterian, Geary and
streets.
Rev. J. Hemphill "
'An Easter Address."
id M. E.. Fifth avenue, near
avenue.
Rev. H. N. Pearce
p m.— Sunday school. Evening— "He Is
Risen.
I
FOB A NINE-HOUB DAY.
Printers Will Begin Their Aggres-
sive Work To-morrow.
To-morrow it is expected will be marked
by a crisis in the strike of the printers.
The men decided to wait a week before
making any aggressive moves, and the
majority of the employers were of the
opinion that at the end of that time the
men would willingly come back to the
jobs they left behind them. The first
distribution of strike funds will be made
to-morrow, and it is expected that this
will greatly encourage the men. Tho
union already has a good supply of money
and within another week funds from th»
International will arrive. Assistance has
also been promised by every other union
in the city, but the officers of the union
do not think it will be necessary to call
for outside aid. It was reported yester
day that many of the employers had
made overtures to treat with the men as
Individuals, or as chapels, and the pro
prietors report that men have been mak
ing overtures to them. Both of these
statements are contradicted by the op
posite side, and while each claims ad
vantages, the situation appears practi
cally unchanged. A special meeting of
the union will be held this afternoon to
discuss the situation and decide upon the
amount of strike funds to be distrib
uted.
A meeting of the Brewery Workmen's
Union was held last night, and that body
tendered its heartiest sympathy and un
qualified support to the striklne orint
ers. The brewers are maKing prepara
tions for their annual picnic which will
e T n .? ld in Harbor View Park on the 17th.
John Monohan, a pressman in the em
ploy of Hicks-Judd, applied to the police
last evening for permission to carry a re
volver. He claimed that he needed pro
tection against injury at the hands of
striking printers and pressmen. The per
mit was granted.
PACIFIC MASTIFF CLUB.
It Rescinds the Resolution of Seces-
sion Passed Last Month.
The Pacific Mastiff Club held a meeting
last night, the consequences of which will
be fraught with importance to the Pa
cific kennel world. After a heated and at
times acrimonious discussion the follow
ing resolutions were passed rescinding
the action taken on March 10, at which
time the club seceded from the American
Kennel Club.
The club resolved to offer the medals
and trophies for competition at the San
Francisco Bench Show.
For the best California bred mastiff. Ir
respective of sex or club membership,
the Pacific Mastiff Club's competition
trophy, a silver mastiff, to be competed
for annually at San Francisco until won
three times by the same exhibitor.
For the best California bred mastiff of
opposite breed to winner of the trophy
Irrespective of of club membership, a gold
medal, to be competed for annualy at oan
Francisco until won three times by t!ie
same exhibitor.
The Pacific Mastiff Club shield for best
mastiff exhibited by a member (under
special club rules).
Pacific Mastiff Club class medal for test
mastiff dog shown by member of the
club.
Pacific Mastiff Club class medal for best
mastiff bitch shown by member cf the
club.
Pacific Mastiff Club class medal for best
mastiff puppy dog shown by member of
the club.
Pacific Mastiff Club class medal for be it
mastiff puppy bitch shown by member of
the club.
Olsen Must Stand Trial.
Judge Cook decided yesterday that J.
B. Olsen, a stenographer. Indicted on a
charge of having sworn falsely to a de
mand on the city treasury for services
alleged to have been rendered In Police
Judge Low's court, must stand trial for
perjury. He overruled the demurrer to
the Indictment for perjury, but sustained
one Interposed to a second indictment
charging Olsen with havin passed a fic
titious demand on the treasury. Judge
Cook held In the latter case that the de
mand having been indorsed In good faith
by Judge Low on Olsen's affidavit could
not be fictitious.
INSPECTION OF
HIGH SCHOOLS
Professor Brown Com
mends California's
System.
Is Efficient Although Nowhere
Recognized in the School
Law.
Declares, However, That the Plan
Is a Very Expensive
One.
Professor Elmer E. Brown, in a lecture
to a teachers' class at the State Univers
ity yesterday, gave an interesting expo
sition of the tendency on the part of
various States to establish a unified sys
tem of education. He said in part:
"The development of secondary educa
tion under the control of the State has
been attended with many difficulties. We
have seen, on tne other hand, running
through our educational history, a grow
ing demand for a complete ar.d unified
educational system. By this unification I
do not understand the subordinating of
the lower schools to the universities and
making them merely preparatory to the
universities. It is a unification which
aims at rendering complete every intrinsic
part of the system.
"We have seen that many high schools
have been established by municipalities
and by local districts. Though not pro
vided for by State laws, these schools
have been sustained by the courts. Yet
such schools, excellent though many of
them are, do not constitute a complete
State system of secondary education.
Such a system can only be attained by
statutory, provision for the establishment
of secondary schools, financial support
of thtm, determination of the course of
study, licensing and appointment of
teachers and the inspection of the schools,
all by the central authority.
"These conditions are as yet but par
tially realized. Our statutes have made
extensive provision for local control, but
they exhibit a strong tendency toward a
centralized State system. This growing
tendency is exhibited most strongly at
present in the Stales of Maine, Massa
chusetts, New York, Indiana, Minnesota,
North Dakota, California and Maryland.
"In Minnesota since the year ISBI ther»
has been a noticeable development toward
a centralized system. In that year the
Governor of the State, the Superintendent
of Public Instruction and the president of
the I'niversity of Minnesota were con
stituted a State High School Board. An
act of the State Legislature provided for
pecuniary aid to any preparatory school
offering free tuition to pupils of both
sexes from any part of the State. Two
conditions were imposed — that courses
should be given sufficient to prepare the
students for the University of Minnesota,
and that inspection of the schools by
State authorities should be permitted.
"One of the glories of our California
system is that provision is made for ex
pert supervision of the high schools. Ours
is, I believe, the most thorough system of
inspection to be found in any State, even
those that have the accrediting system.
"The system of visitation of high
schools by university professors is a very
expensive system, and, strange to say, it
is entirely unprovided for by law. The
arrangement is a purely voluntary one
between the university and the high
schools, and not a word can be found re
lating to it in the school law of California
from beginning to end.
"At present the various high schools of
this State are largely supported by local
funds. The State furnishes, approximate
ly, 45 per cent of the financial iud for sec
ondary schools, the rest being raised by
the locality. It is really surprising how
freely California communities have voted
to tax themselves to raise funds for high
schools."
TEACHEB ASPHYXIATED.
Miss Nolan of the Fairmount School
Dies From Gas Poisoning.
While preparing to curl her hair yester
day afternoon, Miss Celia Nolan was
asphyxiated by gas in her room at the
home of her sister, Mrs. Walter Tillman,
at 2939 Folsom street yesterday.
Mrs. Tillman left her sister playing the
piano early in the afternoon and went out
on business. She returned about 4 o'clock
and found the house full of gas, and on
investigating the cause discovered Miss
Nolan lying on the floor of her room, with
her curling-Longs by her side and one gas
jet open. Dr. Charles A. Clinton, who.se
wife was a sister of Miss Nolan, was
called, and arrived half an hour later, but
the young lady was dead.
Miss Nolan was a teacher in the Fair
mount School for a number of years, and
retained the position up to the time of her
death, but within the last year has not
been able to attend to her duties regularly
on account of ill-health. For the last few
months she had boen suffering from
nervous prostration, and had b^en grant
ed a vacation. Recently she had recov
ered to a certain extent, and told friends
that she intended to resume her work in
the school on Monday.
The young lady was subject to attacks
of syncope, and had often been found
lying on ....e floor in an unconscious condi
tion. It is supposed that in attempting to
light the gas in order to dress her hair
she fainted, and before sho could regain
consciousness the gas had accomplished
its work.
Miss Nolan was 27 years of age, and
besides her two sisters leaves an aged
father and mother, of whom the latter
will hardly survive the shock of her
daughter's death.
Easter Monday Services.
To-morrow, at }l:10 a. m.. there will ba
a choral service and celebration of the
holy communion in the chapel of
Cypress Lawn Cemetery. Bishop Nichols
will officiate and mako an acldreMk Tho^e
desiring to attend should take the train
from Fourth and Townsejid streets at
10:40 a. m. or the electric cars of the San
Francisco and San Mateo Railway, allow
ing from one to one and a half hours
time. ,
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
J§ DRUG CO.
**•*?&£%? CUT-RATE
tfWv DRUGGISTS,
|w( 1128 Market St. f
>^fe%ka "- SAN FRANCISCO. v
spring"
medicines
Cuticura Resolvent .....'. ......TOo
Lydla Plnkham's Compound Cso
Paine" Celery Compound ................ .....600
I Allen's Female Restorative .............1......650 '•
Thompson's Dandelion- & Celery Compound.. 600
Swift's Specific *\\ '. ........... „ . . ;. . . . ..600'
Pierces I Medical Discovery.. .'. .;'. 65 O
Plerce's . Favorite , Prescription . .... .... . . . .650
1 .■.'.."■'„■.""■.. DR. IRA BAKER'S '"■'"■ - •
HONDURAS SARSAPARILLA, .
The Best • Blood Purifier. : Now Is the time to
renovate the blood and tone up the system '• . .
Price, 75c a bottle; 3 for $2. ;•,.:- -
Spiring Medicines for Weak Nerves.
THOMPSON'S DANDELION CELERY
-. ■.„,././.^ ".•: .tonic .':,.-•; -, :v
Cures all : diseases of ' the Nervous System ■ and
'r : ' restores ' the liver to healthy :• action :
, Regular price, ' *1 ; our price, r «0c . per bottte. s hCOMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY.
Silver steady.
Wheat going up steadily.
Sharp rise in Barley.
Oats. Corn and Rye higher.
Another Improvement In Hay.
Beans once more advance*
Mlllstuffa and Feedstuffs strong.
No change in Flour.
Potatoes and Onions getting firmer.
Asparagus and Green I'eas higher.
Kggs lower again.
Butter and Cheese unchanged.
1 her higher Limes lower,
■ her better.
Fruit stagnant
1 ' L— 1.
Wool, Hops as before.
Hog* i!-. am] le supply and easy.
■ in Cr»al.
W th<> usuaJ gain.
I ■ ■ .•' at ti.e Mints.
BANK CLEARINGS.
Local hank clearings last week were $14,403,
524, against J12.312.3-IS for the same week last
J 1 ar
COINAGE OF THE MINTS.
The coinare of the different United Statrs
Mints for the current fiscal year to March 31,
IS9S, has heon as ■ lows :
Double eagles 5J1.591.160 00
Eagles 6. 120. 400 00
Half eagles 3,1*7.160 00
Quarlor eagles 303, 262 50
Sliver dollars 7,206,0*0 00'
Half dollar* 1, £02. 776 00
Quarter dollars 2, 526, 875 00
Dimes 1,146.008 00
Five cents 794 3iß 95
Cents 858,067 62
Total. ISS7-9S $56,656.8*8 07 I
In 1896-97 76,216,887 91 I
Decrease this year $20,009,999 81 I
DRY GOODS TRADE.
Imports of foreign Dry Goods p* New Yor'< |
for March were valued at $10,771,100, against j
$12,fi"3,W> nd 11,505,800 for the same month !
In the previous two years. The movement for j
the lirst quarter of the ear compares as fol- j
lows:
Imported. Marketed. !
I*?*; $.rr.sr>.C''!o $37.557.500 i
l v :'T 32.405.55t 35.050.200 I
J5>2S 30.497,518 • -29,277,400
THE NATIONAL BALANCE SHEET.
During the month of March the Government j
receipts were $32,958,761; and the expenditures \
?."1,55?.414. against $36,217,062 and $27,212,998 for I
the fame month last year. For the first nine ]
months nf the fiscal year the receipts compare '
as followg: - j
1896-97. 1597-9 S.
Customs $118,332,644 J107.502.HS !
Internal Revenue 11i.160,976 123.707,424,'
Miscellaneous 18,291,411 76,3*7,142
Total $242,755.C:>1 $307,516,714. J
The expenditures for the same. Interval com
pare as follows:
1896-97. ISO 7-98.
Civil $70,516,311 $75,634,799
AVar 37.r>M,513 45.596.553 I
Navy .. 2.'),734,263 27,692,978 1
Indiana 11,079,876 9.435.678 j
Pensions 107.851 1 13. 129.627 !
Interest 25.t<57,328 • 25.577.305 '
. I
Total $251, 690,332 $303,370,270
THE NATIONAL CASH BOX.
I
United States Treasurer Roberts reports the !
nrr"--iint of money on liar.d at the close of. March j
as follows-: :
Gold rojn $147,256,076!
Gold bullion 63.647,2. ,S i
Mlv.»r <li>llars 40"1,fi37,525 \
Small silver coin 11.965,278
bllver bullion 99.829.431
■Total specie ..f723.336.5C9 :
Unite, l Stales notes 79,375,429'
Treasury notes of 590 3.505.54S ;
GoM certificates 1,607,950 '
Silver certificates 6.559.606 j
Cunercy certificates 3,330,000 <
National Hank notes i. 739. 491 '•
Minor coin, etc 1.295.032 !
Deposits in National Banks 31,320,043 J
Miscellaneous 26,200 !
Total 70S, 468 i
At the close of March, If 17, the money in !
these vaults amounted to J575.239.759. Of this i
amount !705.ftt1,014 was In specie. Including I
51a1.988,509 in gold coin and 137,254.294 In gold i
bullion. The sliver bullion on hand Is over i
$»,WO,OOO less than It was a year ago.
COIN CERTIFICATES IN CIRCULATION. I
The Government Coin Certificates in ciicu'a- I
tion March 31 were as follows: L
1897! ' 1398. F
Gold $ 37.436.339 $ 3n.319.199 i'
Silver 364.026.153 357.770/S9B
Treasury 90.244,810 99.709.432 |
.Total $491,727,302 $523,799,529 |
During the twelve months ending March 31. I
l?as, there was an Increase of $27,700,000 in Sil- 1
ver certificates an $!».4c».f'oo in Treasury notes. !
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top flg
taies at station indicate minimum temperature
for tho days; thuse underneath It, If any, t'n<*
(mount of rainfall or of melted snow In Inches
and hundredth* during the 1 a.st twelve hours.
lues, connect points of equal
v : pressure; i.-. .therms, or dotted lines, equal
iture. The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and is usually accompanied
Ltber; "low" raCtn to low pres-
Jsuaily i>rece<led and accompanied
by cloudy weather iirirl rains. "Lows" usually
flrft .-■; pear on th<» Washington coast. When
Is hltrh. in the Interior and low
1 h« coast, and the isobars extend north
nn) south along the c<>ns<t, rain Is probable;
but when the "low" is inclosed with isobars of
marker] t-jr\ature, rain south of Oregon if tm
■'!th a "hish" In the vicinity of
the iTf^ssure falling to the Call
■ warmer weather may be expected
In summer and ceiifr-r weather in winter. The
reverse { t'lese conditions will produce an
oppOEite result.
WEATHEB REPORT.
, (120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. April 9, 6 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of the same date
last season and rainfall during the past
twenty-four hours: ■•..*.:'
«,. ■ Pas t Thl^ Last
Stations- .■; 24 hours. Season. Season.
g u^* " <>•* 30.97 47. c«
£ ed »1«T 0 • 12.30 23 US
Sacramento 0- ; .g «7 i7it
San Francisco 0 775 ' ' 22 56
Fresno 0 4 oi 10 -*
Kan S,™ s^:::::::: 0 . .- .'& £«'-?
Loa Atigeles 0 °26 Ts^i
l^^ 0 ::::::::;::: ° • J : ? »|
mfn.m UU F m an^ CmcC mea ce n ra ?2 eratUre: M "'™n,. jfi
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND -GENERAL
FORECASTS. •
The pressure has risen rapidly 'alonr' the
northern half or the Pactflc Coast/ it „£,
fallen rapidly over Eastern California,- Nevada
£££*£? narl " ward t0 the international
The temperature has fallen rapidly alone the
coast. In the great valleys of California the
temperature Is from 8 to 14 degrees above thi
nf'r'ii I'll.
Rain has fallen on the coast from Eureka
northward. Light showers are likely to occur
to-night In the northern portion of California
The following I mum wind velocities an.
reported: Eureka, 34 miles per hour from the
northwest; Carson City, 30 southwest: "Winne
mucca. 28 south. • ' . ■ " . "
A heavy bank of foe lle«*:on« the coast from
Eureka to San Luis Obispo.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, April 10, IS-9S:
Northern California— Cloudy and unsettled
weather Sunday, with showers early Sunday
morning and In extreme northern portion Sun
day; colder In the interior; fresh westerly
winds; fog on the coast in the morning.
Southern California— Cloudy and unsettled
weather Sunday: fresh westerly wind.
Nevada— Clou <ly and edder Sunday.
Utah— Cloudy; colder Sunday.
Arizona— Cloudy Sunday; cooler west.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy and un
settled weather Sunday, with light showers
early Sunday morning; fresh westerly wind;
fog in the morning.
Special report from Mount Tamalpais. taken
at 5 v- m,— Clear; wind west. 12 miles per
hour; temperature, 4S; maximum, 60.
ALEXANDER, McADIE,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. April 9.— Operators In stocks
maintained a strictly waiting attitude to-day.
The extreme variation in prices reached a point
or over in a good many stocks and the market
took on some show of animation in the first
'' hour on the upward movement, but the purely
fictitious character of this advance was dem
onstrated by the relapse In the second hour.
The day's net changes are hardly perceptible
In many cases and show an indiscriminate
mixture of gains and losses. The market was
without any more significance than yesterday.
i The total sales of stocks were less than 100,000
j shares. The fact that, the London' exchange
j was closed left New York without the Initia
j tive from that quarter. London operators were
! apparently not eager to avail themselves of the
i opportunity of trading on' the New York ex
j change and orders by cable were of small
1 amount, though they were sufficient to aid the
i first hour's advance. The bank statement was
regarded as unfavorable, the movement of cur
rency to the interior having .apparently been
heavier than expected. It was expected that
I the Imports 01 gold would about offset the
i movement to the interior. Apparently some of
i the gold has -also been absorbed to meet- in
! directly the demand ot Interior banks; that is
j to lay it hits been deposited at the sub-treas
\ ury In exchange-tor currency transferred from
| Washington. : v
I Price* of securities are generally higher than
I they were a week ago. • '1 he high prices of the
i week were made on Wednesday afternoon when
the announcement came that President Mc-
Kinley's message to Congress would be delayed
; until Monday. The first interpretation of this
action was that it boded further negotiations
i looking to a peaceful solution. Although the
i lurther negotiations have not developed a part
!of Wednesday's gains has been held. There
! has been much puzzled effort to account for the
j firmness of the market in face of the week's
i threatening developments and there has been
la disposition to ascribe some secret motive to
! the buying popularly supposed to be .on In
\ side Information from high financial sources in
;. Europe that Spain would be forced to recede
iat the eleventh hour. But it must' be said that
| the prevailing conviction in Wall street has
; become that war with Spain Is now inevitable
and still priws do-not go materially lower.'
Commission houses are authority for the state
ment that they have orders to buy on a de
scending scale. This condition stops the pro
fessional bears from operations on the short
side. On the other hand Wednesdays bulge
demonstrated that there is a supply of stocks
. ready to offer on any notable advance. The
market Is thus held in a sort of stable equi
librium by orders to buy below the present
level and orders to sell above it. Meantime the
amount of trading which Is invited is very
small.' The conviction Is unavoidable that prices
are near the level of the value for existing
conditions since' those who held stocks are not
anxious to sell and those who seek them are
not willing to offer more for them than pre
vailing prices. Prices Jell continuously -pre
vious to the Maine report in the effort to find
the true level and to discount that event and
its probable result. It is the invariable rule
that a prolonged price movement overshoots
the mark, resulting in reaction. There can
be no more convincing demonstration of a true
level of values than stagnation in the market.
There are varying opinions regarding the effect
of the actual presentation or the President's
message in Congress on Monday, both as to the
amount of liquidation which will be brought
out and the volume of short contracts which
will be covered. The prevailing belief is war
has been accurately reflected in the money
markets. The continued stiffness of time money
rates and the disinclination to make time loans
is called sentimental as there is no lack of
, money In supply, notwithstanding the large
demands of interior institutions for the purpose
of strengthening their reserves.
The bond market has been dull all week and
has moved in sympathy with stocks. United
States old 4s (regular) have advanced m, me
new 4s (regular) 1, the new 4n (coupon) % and
the old 4s (coupon) and the 5s ft per cent, and
the seconds have declined 1 per cent .in the
bid price. » - • i .
The total sales of stocks to-day were 99,200
share*, including 11,5.20 Burlington, 3115 North
ern Pacific. 3005 Rock Island, 12,315 St. Paul,
■12,111 Union Pacific,, 3115 Union L). and G..
24,275 Sujjar. . ." " . . ■'• < "'..
f ' CLOSING CTOCKS.
Atchison 11% 1 Do pref ........ 141
Do pref ,-.. 25% St P & Om 69.
Baltimore & hio 17 Do . pref 145- •
Canada Pacific .. m> 5t PM & M 130
Canada Southern. 47 - So Pacific 13
Central Pacific ... 12 So Railway ...... 8
.:.• -s .* Ohio 1»U Do pref 26' 2
Chi & Alton 154 Texas- & Pacific. 10ft
Chi B & Q...'...v. S3 Union Pacific 52%
Chi & E 111 K»V4 V P D & G 0%
L' C C & St L 27'- Wabash 6%
Do pref 75% Wheel & L E 1%
Del & Hudson ... 107*4 Do pref S 7 *
Del L & W 144 V* Express Companies-
Den & R G 10 -Adams Ex 100
Do pref 43 American Ex 120
Erie (new) ....... 12ft United States 38
Do Ist pref .... 33 ' 2 Wells Fargo 115 .
Ft Wayne 168- Miscellaneous
it Nor pref 147 A Cot Oil f 16%
Hocking v alley .. 6% Do nref 68
Illinois Central ... Amn .Spirits 9
Lake Erie & \\\. 13% , Do pref '20ft
Do pref 70 Am Tobacco lni 1 *
Lake Shore 17» Do- pref ..- 114
Louis & Nash 4974 People's Gas 91%
Manhattan L 4 L'ons Gas 177
Met St Ry... 133% Com Cable Co 150
Mich Cent 102 Col F & Iron 1!)
Minn & St L 24 Do pref ..: SO
Do Ist pref .... 80 Gen Electric 32ft
Mo Pacific--... 26% Illinois Steel . 45
Mobile & Ohio ... 27'« Laclede Gas 424
Mo X & T 10ft Lead 30
Do pref '..: 32 Do ' pref «...;.'... 103-
Chi Ind & L. .....: 7 .Vat Lin -Oil . 14
Do jiref 23 Or Imp Co 25
N J Central 92 Pacific Mail 23%
X V Central .... 110 ft Pullman Pa! ..... 171
N V Chi &St L. 12 Silver Cert 55%
Do Ist nref :... 63- Stand R & T 4ft
Do 2<i pref ....-28' Sugar 118%
Nor West 12% Do pref 108
No Amer Co &14 V C & Iron 20
No Pacific" ....... 22% U S Leather 6%
Do pref 61H Do pref ...'..... 57 '
Ontario & W 14ft U S Rubber ...... 1f.4
Or R & Nay. ."..:.. 43«. v Do pref ........ 65".
I)r Short Line-.... 29 West Union 86>4
PittHburg 168 C& N W HSft
Reading 17 Do pref 172 V.
Do Ist pref .... 39% St L, & S W...... 4"
Rock Island 55% Do pref . 9
st L & S F 6UIR O W 23
Do Ist pref .'.;. 65 I Do pref 54
Do 2d nref .... 26 CG W 10%
St Paul 89% Haw Com -Ca.... 21%
• CLOSING XONDS. ;. \
U S new 4s reg.. 121 N Carolina 65..... 122%
Do coupon 121 % Do 4s ........... 100
I L' S 4a. .: 109% No Pac lsts 112
Do coupon 110% Do 4s 58%
I Do 2ds 97 Do 4s ........... '98%
ID S 6s reg 111% N T C & S L 45.. 101%
Do 6s coup 111% Nor & »v 65....... 120
District 3.618 ..... 115% Northwstrn cons. 142
Ala class A 108% Do deb 65....... 116
Do B 104% 0 Nay lsts 115
Do C 95 D Nay 45... 92%
i I>< • Currency ... 93 OS Line 6a tr.... 119
i Atchl3on 4s -S7 ] 4O S Line 5s tr..:. 99 7
! Do a<ij 4b......... 58% O Imp lsts tr.... 106
; Can Bo Ida 106 Do 5s tr .54-.
! Chi Term 82 Pacific 6s of 95.. 103 •
; C & Ohio as... 113% Reading. 4s 80%
1 C H & D 4%s 104% R G W 15t5........ 80%
■ D & R G lsts.... 108 |B L & IMC- 55.. 86%
: D & R G 4s 89% 1 a L & S F G 65.. 116
East Term lsts... 105 t(?t P Con .......:. 140
Erie Gen 4s 69% Bt PC & P lsts.. 118%
F XV & D lsts tr. 67 Do 5s • 114%
Gen Electric 55... 101% So Ry~55...-r:.:... 89%
D H & S A 65.... 102 Stand R » T 65.. 55
Do 2ds 103 Venn new set 35.. 85 ,
H &TC. Us ."110 T &= P L Gists.. 99
Do con 6s 104 Do Rj? 2ds . . 31
. lowa C lsts 37% U P D & G lsts..' 53%
: La new cons 45... 97% Wab Ist os ..". 107
; L & N Uni 4s 86% I Do 2d5..:.. '76%
Missouri 6s ...... 100 |W Shore 4s ;..:.. 107%
MX & T 2d»...... 60 Va Centuries .... 68%
Do 4s 86% Do deferred .... 3»-
NT Central lsts. 115% O P pref 52%
X J C 5s 11l UP 4s-: 96%
. .r \ MINING STOCKS. ...  ■
C^ollar 40 Ontario 2 60
Crown Point 20 Ophlr 70
Con Cal & Va.... 85 Plymouth 08
Dcadwood 98.QulckalIvpr 100
Gould & Curry... 20; Do pref 2 00
Hale & Norcross. 90 Rierra Nevada ... 1 60
Homestake S7 00 Standard 166
Iron Silver 30 Union Con 40
Mexican 80 Yellow Jacket ... 20
BOSTON.*
BOSTON. April 9.— AtchlJ«on, IVi: Bell Tele
phone. 247; Burlington, 5«2%; Mexican Central,
4V»; Oregon Short Line. — ; Union Pacific, 19%.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. April 9.~The Evening Post's
financial cablegram says: ' The money market
here was firm to-day. The discount rate has
rlsep to 2% on the German bank rate and
further cold sales. I learn, however, that
gold orders for New York were canceled to
day.
ASSOCIATED BANKS' STATEMENT.
NEW YORK, April 9.— The Financier says:
The changes In the statement of the associated
banks of New York City for the week ending
April 9 were heavier than usual, but despite
the fact that the operations which brought
them about were of a nature to decrease the
oath in banks, the excess reserve at the end
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 10, 1898.
I of the week stood only J654.325 low^r than at
I the close of the»previous week. -The largest de-
I crease was in the deposit item, which fell off
! 112.395i.900. The loss in deposits was due to the
j continued interior movement, and to liquida
tion in loons, although , the shrinkage of
$8,067,900 in this item was undoubtedly con-
I nected in part with sterling exchange trans
" actions by which the gold import movement
Is sustained. The higher rates for money have
I also operated to reduce the loan account, and
: every decrease counts since the banks are
doing very little business in -mercantile chan
i nels. The movement toward the interior as
i sumed heavy proportions through the sub
: treasury. The decrease of $3,789,300 In cash was
, even less than expected, but while the receipts
\ of gold for the current week were nearly $5,
! 000.000, the increase was but $1,320,800. The
bank which is the largest Importer of specie
I appears to have reduced its gold holdings over
I $4,000,000. and its deposits about $6,000,000, the
j latter being one-half the loss reported by the
sixty-five ciearing-n >ui»e institutions. The
coming week will decide to a great extent the
future rates for money. Under present condi
tions the movement to the interior will con
tinue, and as the banks have been called upon
I for 10 per cent of the Union Pacific money now
] on deposit the Immediate outlook is for firmer
! money. On the other hand a pacific soluti m of
j the Cuban crisis means an abnormally cheap
j money market.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. April 9.— FLOUR-Receipts.
2J.511 barrels; exports. 16,f40. Dull, but stead
ily hold with old prices. Winter straits, $4 50^
4 65; Minnesota, $5 ]offS 50; winter extras. $3 05
9* 1": Minnesota bakers', $1 2.">'3'4 45; winter
low erarles, $2 9flfi3.
1 WHEAT— Receipts. 84.775 "bushels;- exports.
365,461. Spot firm; No. 2 red. $1 04%, f. o. b.
afloat. Options opened firmer on -foreign buy
ing, and after a sharp reaction influenced •by
I crop news rallied again on large. New York
I clearances and closed ftffT'/ic higher. No. 2 red
May. $T emm 024. closed at $1 01%.
HOPS— Quiet; 1895 crop, 4@sc; 1896 crop, 7@
8c: 1597 crop. l".f?17c: Pacific Coast. 1595 crop,
'4<??r>c; 1K96 crop, Btf?9c; 1597 crop, 15W17c.
, WOOL— Quiet: fleece, 17@22c; Texas, 12@llc.
PETROLEUM— DuII. - - ' - - - ;
PIOIRON— Dull; Southern, $9 75@10 75; North
ern. $10 50{?12.
COPPER-Quiet: brokers', $11 87%. > ' ' '
LEAD— Quiet; $3 50. . ■
.TIXPLATES— DuII. ;i. ' . « ■
COFFEE— closed steady,' with prices
,5 points higher to 10 points net lower. Sales,
14.7.-0 bags. Including May. 5.85@5.90c. Spot
Coffee— Rio, quiet: No. 7 invoice. 6%c; No. - 7
Jobbing. Vie: mild, steady; Cordova, 8%@17c.
SUGAR— Raw. -firm; fair refining. 3%c: cen
trifugal. 96 test. 4Uc; refined, firm, mold A,
sftc; standard A. Dftc: confectioners' A.*sftc;
cut loaf. 5 11-16 c: crushed, 5 11-16 c; powdered.
f.'-c: prnnulated. S^c; cubes, 6ftc.
' BUTTER— Receipts.. 3?85 package*. Western
creamery, 15@22c; Flgins. 22c; factory,- 12ft@
16c: imitation do, 14U<fflSftc.
EGGS— Receipt?. 91.11 packages. - Firm; 'West
ern creamery, 10% c; Southern, 9%@10c. ;
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, April California Dried
Fruits steady but quiet. . . ;•■ ,
. .EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. s@7ftc;
prime wire tray, Sc; wood-dried, prime, S^ic;
choice. SV4c; fancy. 809)bC. - ; - _
■ , PRUNES— 3V«T%c. ' ' - ...-••.
, APRICOTS— GV&@7c; Moorpark. B»£@
10c. #
i PEACHES— Unpeeled, s@Sc; peeled, Il<gl4c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
' CHICAGO, April 9.— With the exception of a
little activity around the opening, trading In
Wheat was so dull as to be hardly worthy of
mention. There was a general Inclination
among traders to await Monday's developments
at Washington before committing themselves
very much, and this and the absence of any
Incentive in the way of. cable quotations con
fined trading almost altogether to a slow and
narrow scalping business. . The opening was
steady in July at 84%@S5c, compared with yes
terday's closing price of 84% c. There was evi
dently still some nervousness among shorts on
account of yesterday's heavy buying move
ment, but the demand from this 1 source soon
died away. Most of the speculators In the pit
were bearishly inclined on account of the
favorable crop reports from Ohio and Ken
tucky. As the Government crop renort on
Monday is expected to be favorable there was
I a little selling pressure put on the market for
a short time after the opening, resulting in a
decline to 84% c. This was removed and buy
ing stimulated. somewhat by New York advices
to the effect that foreigners were good buyers
there against liberal acceptances of yesterday's
offerings, and the Trice slowly recovered ■to
'85c, the highest point of the day. After this
advance the market gradually sold off again
to S4ft@S4%c under realizing, and for the rest
of the session did not move Me either way.
September followed July closely In the matter
of fluctuations. There was a little revival of
interest in May, which has been practically at
a standstill all week, and a number of trades
were made in it at $1 06. a cent above yester
day's price. The option was': almost at a
standstill toward the close. July closed at
S4*si§S4%c, a shade under yesterday's final
price. - v 'ft' ' "- . ■-•■
Corn was easier on a moderate amount of
trading. May closed He lower.
Oats were very dull and practically without
features of interest, May closed a shade low4r.
Provisions were steady within a narrow
range, the market ruling steady to the close.
May pork closed 5c higher,' May lard 2/2 c2 /2 c
higher and May ribs 2',c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
• i Articles— Open. --High. Low! Close.
Wheat, No. 2—
May....: 1 0.'% 1 O6«/4 1 05»j 106
July 85 •■ 85 • 811* 84 i
September 77% 77% 77}» 77%
December 78 78 77% 78 '
Corn, No. 2— ; '- ' • ■ — '
May 29% 29T4 29% 29%
July 31U 31»i 30% 31%
September 32V t 32>4 ' 31 32V*
■ Oats, No. 2— ■'''■'■ i
May 25% 25% 25% 25%
July 234 23>,i 23H 23^
' Mess Pork, per bbl— ■
May 9 90 9 90 9 82 14 9 87%
July 9 97Vi ■ 9 97V4 :■ 9 92 ',, • 9 97 >4
. • Lard, per 100 lbs—
May 1..5 20 5 22% . 5 20 I 20
July 1..5 27^ 6 27Vi 525 5 27U
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
May ;... " 526
July 3 27 Hi 5 30 5 25 6 27Vi
Cash quotations were as follows: "Flour
firm; winter patents, $4 G.'.-Q 4 90; straits, $4 200
5 CO; spring specials, $5 40(?i5 50: spring patents
$4 70©6; straits, $4 40Q6; No. 3 spring Wheat,
;93c; No. 2 red, $1 04' 2 05; No. 2 Corn, 23?4ifr
•'<oc; No. 2 Oats, 25% c; No. 2 white, fob 29®
30c; No. 3 white, f. o. b., 2S<g2S%c: No. 2 'Rye,
51!£c; No. 2 Barley, f. o. b.. 3S®4oc; No. 1
Flaxseed, $1 23: Prime Timothy Seed, $2 75fj.
2 80; Mess Pork, per barrel, $9 85©9 90; Lard
per 100 pounds. $:■ 17 ! a Tir, 20; Short Rib "Sides'
loose. $5 lOftS 45; Dry Salted Shoulders boxed
4 a «^4%c; Short Clear Sides, boxed, $5 35© 5 45-
Whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gallon
$1 20; Sugars, cut loaf, 6.69 c; granulated 6.i3<gi
5.35 c.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour. barreU 7,000 13 000
Wheat, bushels 35,000 464 000
Corn.- bushels 258.000 4UKWO
Oats, bushels : 220,000 396 000
Rye. bushels 5,000 w'ooo
Barley, bushels 20,000 9 000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creameries, 15<ST21c- dairies
ll<?ilSc. Cheese, quiet; SljiiSMc. Eggs, steady'
fresh, 9c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels
Minneapolis 154.700 43 tt>6
Duluth 140.014 12 200
Milwaukee 7,150 '650
Chicago 35.246 464 297
Toledo 11.910 3.800
St. Louis 15,000 6 000
Detroit 1,223 500
Kansas City 22,500 6.000
Totals '..087,743 636,337
Tidewater —
Boston 5.667 20,077
New York 84.175 325 461
Philadelphia 4,305 1 0 58
Baltimore 19,951 220 039
New Orleans
Galveston 2750 '16,155
Totals 116.578 582,790
EASTERN LIVE STOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO. April 9.— CATTLE— To-day's Cat
tle market was of the usual Saturday charac
ter: offerings were confined to a few scattered
lots of medium-grade Cattle, which were dis
posed of at yesterday's ruling prices
HOGS— The small receipts of Hogs caused an
advance of oc; Hops sold at $3 75@4 05 chlpflv
at *3 90^4 05 and Pigs sold largely at $3 sai
3 S5; prime heavy Hogs sold 150 above prime
SHEEP AND LAMBS— SoId at steady price*
Sheep being salable at $3 90@4'75 for shorn
and at M 50Q'4 90 for unshorn; Lambs shorn
»4 EO05; wooled, $5 10(?,5 80. »Norn,
Receipts— Cattle, 200; Hogs, 12,000; Sheep,
'/.■:";. "'"■"•..• :'■ :':;■• OMAHA. ' ' ' /,;
OMAHA. April ■ 9— CATTLE-Recelpts SCO
market ■ steady; native beef ' steers. $4@5 ic'
Western steers. $3 80@4 80; Texas steer*. ,M 2f.®
4 25; cows and heifers, $3 25ij?4 25: cannon*
$2 25'@'3 25; stockers and feeders, $3 80@5- crK-m'
*4®6 75; bulls, stags, etc., « 70<g'3 SO ' • '
HOGS— Receipts, 3200; . market 6c hiir'ipr
heavy. ,$3 75®3 80; mixed, $3 7SOB 77>A- i.jht"
S3 70(&3 77%; bulk of sales, $3 75©3 -,i\L ' * '
Receipts, lOuO; market strong- fair
to choice natives, $S 80^4 85; fair to. chr'lce
Westerns, $3 60@4 80: common arid stick Sheeo
$3®4; Lambs,. *4 SQ@S.ZO. ;;v ..•• . ■ .-.,*:'
■\ ;:.■;. •:::'.; KANSAS ; CITY. : v. _, .' '•/;
KANSAS CITY, April 9.— CATTLE— Receipt*
200;. market unchanged.  . ... ,'
HOGS— Receipts, £000; heavies - firm, others
weak; bulk of sales, $3 60@3 80; heavies, $3 0"«*
3 90; • packers,' :$S T7@3 80; - milted, ~s3 504/-3 so"
llghls, J3 60@3 65; yorkers, %l Co#3 65; pigs, %-, gj
©3 60. ' ", .
SHEEP— Receipts, 1000; market »tron«-
Lambs, •$4 25@5 60; muttons, •$3 25@4 76. ;• •
;•,'*■'.-" " DENVER. " : . ;;■
: DENVER. April CATTLE— Receipts, IM.
Market steady; , beef > steers, • J3 So@>4 50- » cow«
$3 20@3 80; feeders, freight paid ;to river .%m
4 50; r stockers. freight paid to river, S4@4 «■
bulls and stags, J2®3. , > . • '.:•:* ■ ,  ".'.
HOGS— Receipts, 100. Market steady to firm
light packers, $3 70©3 75; mixed, $3 6S@>3 7»;
BHEEP-Recelpts, none. : Market unchanged.
EXPORTS AND IMPORTS.
'' NEW \ YORK. ' April ! Exports *of ■* specie :
from New York for the week ending to-day, |
$846,652, of which $5700 was of ; gold and $840,
$52 in : silver. The imports of specie :at New
York fqr the week ending to-day were $3,805,
605, of which $3,731,046 was in gold and $74,559
In silver. :.■■'■■ :■ . .-. — ■ -" / - ;?■?
The imports of dry goods and general mer
chandise at New York for the week ending: to
day were 120, I __-__* ; .. . ■,
... NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET. /■'.
j PORTLAND, Or., April ' 9.— Wheat, firm;
Walla Walla, 80c; Valley and Blue Stem, 82®
83c per bushel. ; . . . 5
■<•', .. WASHINGTON. •. ..
: TACOMA, April 9.— Wheat, firmly held; No.
1 Club, Blue Stem. 83c. _v . ! . ' '
FOREIGN MARKETS. . y
LONDON, April 9.— Silver. 25 13-16 d; French
rentes. 103f .-■ 10c. . .*,>-•>■■■ ; .. : .
LIVERPOOL, April 9.— 1 standard Cali
fornia wheat. 375; cargoes off coast, firm, but
little doing; cargoes on passage, firm, but lit
tle doing. *'■'-.•-. '
' • COTTON ■ MARKETS.
NEW YORK, April 9.— COTTON— Steady ;
middling. 6 3-16 c .;■...'•..
NEW ORLEANS, April 9.— COTTON—
middling, 6 1-lfic.
• CASH IN THE TREASURY.
,
WASHINGTON, April. 9. —To-day's statement
of the treasury shows: Available cash bal
ance. $225,037,707; gild reserve, $177,773,254. -
■ PORTLAND'S BUSINESS. " '
PORTLAND. Or.. April 9.— Exchanges, $235
195; balances, $36.250. V\- . ■
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight _ $4 81 u
Sterling Exchange. 60 days _ 4 84^,
Sterling Cables — 4 85
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17^4
Fine Silver, per ounce _ 55^
Mexican Dollars 46 46V*
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The Lindfield takes for Cork 78,615
ctls. valued at $119,800.
Prices are still rising under the influence of
the dry weather. Yesterday's advance was
sharp, as will be seen.
Tidewater quotations are as follows: $1 55<g>
1 501,4 for No. 1. $1 r>7>. s for choice and $1 60®
1 65 per ctl for choice for milling.
CALL BOAKD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— December—
12,000 ctls, $1 4S; 2000. $1 4S'A; 10.000, $1 49; 2000,
$1 4«Vi; 2000. $1 W?\ 10,000, $1 50; 12,000, $1 49%.
May-2000, $1 Mi 2000, $1 56Vs; 22,000, $1 57; 2000,
$1 57V4: SOuO, $1 57^.
Second Session— December— 4ooo ctls. $1 50;
2000, $1 50H; 12.000, $1 SOU; 4000, $1 50%; 28,000,
$1 50>4. May— 6ooo, $1 58%; 4000, $1 59.
Regular Morning Session— December— 4ooo ctls,
$150; 10.000, $1 oO^; 66,000, $150^. May— 4ooo,
$1 6814; 2000, $1 58; 2080. $1 57^.
BARLEY — The market continues to Jump on
account of the dry weather. The long's are
making the most of their opportunity and are
squeezing the shorts unmercifully. A good deal
of money is being made and lost in Barley Just
new.
Feed, $1 32'i<'yl 3."; Brewing, nominal at
$1 37Vi.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— December
2000 ctls, $1 31; 4'HHi. $1 33; 2000, $1 33>4.
Second ' Session— December — 4000 .ctls. $1 35%
2000, $1 354; 12.000, $1 35.
Regular Morning Session— December— ctls
$1 341,2; 4000. $1 34%; 42.000, $1 34&. , May—
$1 36; 2000, $1 36» ; 2000, $1 36^. ■
OATS— Prices continue to advance la sym
pathy with Wheat and Barley.' ' ...' v " -
Fancy Feed. $1 35<gl 40 per ctl; good to
: choice, $1 32VU1 35: common, $1 25@1 30- Sur
prise, $1 32ft@l 37ft; gray, $1 27ft@l 30; milling,
$1 30@l 35 per ctl.
CORN— Dealers are again quoting higher
prices. ' .
Small round yellow, $1 20»f?l 25 per ctl- large
yellow, $1 12ft@l 15; white, $1 10(gl 15.
RYE— Has again . advanced to $1 25<g'l 30 per
ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— SI 7552 per ctl. . V
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
If the raw grain continues to advance as It
is doing now a further rise in these products
will follow as a matter of course. -
FLOUR— Family Extras, Js@s 10; Bakers' Ex
tras, $4 7f>@4 85 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to . the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour, $2 75 per 100;
Rice Flour, $6; Cornmeal, $2 50; extra cream
cornmeal. 1 $3 25: Oatmeal.- $4: Oat Groats, 1 $4 25-
Hominy, $3 25©3 50: Buckwheat Flour, $4<g4 25-
Cracked Wheat. $3 75: Farina, $4 75; Whole
)V''^ lt ]lJ $3.25; Rolled Oats (bArrels). $5 SO
£620; In sacks. $5 «o©6: Pearl Barley, 75;
Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50 per 100 lbs.
' HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS. '*P '
The upward tendency continues. Several
grades of Hay are higher again and feedstuffs
are being marked up every two or three days.
There is no further advance in Bran and Mid
dlings.
BRAN-sl9 50@20 50 per ton.
MTnnj.ivc.s ~ wazu ?o per ton
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $27@28 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, J2S ,r>o@29, r >o@29 50-
Jobbing, $30; Cocoanut Cake, $21 50rg22 50; Cot
t,.nsoe<t Meal, $j<t,r>o per ton: r.inimml. $24;
Cracked Corn, $24-^25; Chopped Feed. $18@19.
HAY— (Ex-car in round lots)— Wheat, $19®
23 50; Wheat and Oat. $18 50i@22 50; Oaf $17 50®
20: Barley, Sl7fTl9; compressed Wheat $20tf}>
23; compressed Oat. $17<g19; Alfalfa, $13(g15
stock, $12 50@13 50; Clover, $13@14 50.
STRAW— »O@SOc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
• • — — ' ' - ■
The tendency in prices is upward again.
Llmas are considerably higher, owing to small
er acreage and the dry weather, and several
other descriptions of Beans are quoted at an
advance. There is no change in Seeds.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 80-52 95; Small Whites,
$1 sn<ol 60; Large Whites, $1 Bo@l 60; Pinks,
$2 5002 65; Reds, $2 25; Blackeye, $2 80<f?2 90;
Butters. $1 4001 60; Llmas, $2 35&2 40; Pea, $1 50
@1 65;- Red Kidneys, $2@2 25 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. J2@3 ' per ctl;
Yellow Mustard. $3fi3 15; Flax, $2 35: Canary
Seed. 2'4^2%c'per Ib; 'Alfalfa, 3@6c: Rape
2«(ff>2%c: Hemp. ■2%®3c: Timothy, s@sUc.
I DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 60@l 85; Green, $1 75
@2 per ctl. ••;— ■ ...
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes and Onions are slowly getting firmer
under lighter receipts. Asparagus and Peas
are higher. Rhubarb still glutß the market.
POTATOES— Early Rose, 35®50c; River Reds,
50<§60c: River Burbanks. 50f60c per sack: Ore
gon Burbanks, 60@S0c: Petaluma Burbanks, 60
is7oc per sack; Sweet Potatoes, 76c®$l 10 for
Merced: new Potatoes, lft 2c per lb.
ONlONS— Choice, $2 sO(jj2 75; common,sl 75@2 25
per ctl; cut Onions, 50c<5$l 25 per sack; Aus
tralian. $3 per clt; Nevadas. $2 85.
VEGETABLES— Receipts were 836 boxes As
paragus, 404 boxes Rhubarb and 389 sacks Peas.
Asparagus, $2 50 for fancy, $1 75@2 25 per box
for No. 1, $1 25@1 50 for No. 2; Rhubarb, 25©7!>c
per box for small to good and $1 for extra
choice; Alameda Green Peas, 3@3%c per
rt>; Dried Peppers, 6@7c per rt>; Dried Okra,
12Mjc; Cabbage, 66@75c per ntl; Carrots. 25(f?fiOc
per sack; Garlic. B@loo per ID; Cucumbers,
25c@$l per dozen.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes, sliced, raw, 12c per lb in lots of 23
lbs; sliced desiccated, 16@18c; granulated raw.
13c: Onions, 60c; Carrots, old. 13c; new. 18c;
Cabbage, 80c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips,
25c; String Beans. 30c; Tomatoes. 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Local stock Is well cleaned np. More East
ern will be put on to-morrow.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 10!gl2c for Gob
blers and 12@13c for Hens; dressed Turkeys,
12@15c per Kb: Geese, per pair, Jl 2^@l 75; Gos
lings, $1 75<g'2 50; Ducks, $3 50fg>5 for old and
I7@B for young; Hens, $4ifs; Roosters, young.
$7 So@B 50; Roosters, old, $4@4 50; Fryers, J6 50
<8>~: Broilers, $5 sf»#6 50 for large. $3^4 50 for
small; Pigeons, |1 7f>@2 per dozen for young
and $1 25® 1 50 for old.
GAME— Nominal.
. BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Another decline In Eggs is noted. The mar
ket Is " overstocked. There Is no ' change In
Butter and Cheese. ..
BUTTER— ' * '" ' /■■'■■-■■ --";/- : >s
Creamery— Fancy, creameries, 18t4@19c; sec
onds, l6V4@l7Hc '".:-. ?
Dairy — Choice to fancy. 17<3>18c; < second
grades, 14@16c per lb. ..,....,,
•Eastern Butter— lmitation creamery, 16®16^c;
ladle-packed. 15@16c per rt>. /.- ;.-..•
• CHEESE— Choice mild new,. 9@loe; common
to good, 7 l <4®S>*c: Cream - Cheddar, 10@llc;
Young America. 10@llc; Western. , Il@l2c; East
ern, 12%@13V4c per Jtb. - . , ,-.-, .-■■■■•■
EGGS — Ranch Eggs, 13@Hc'- per "* dozen r
store Eggs, 12(g13c;- Eastern, 12^®18o. ■• :..- •
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS ' : FRUITS.
Oranges and Lemons are doing rather better,
and ' the | latter F are .J higher. ; ,. Mexican . Limes
are lower under new - : arrivals. Apples are
dull and plentiful. ■. : r-! J. .; ;,">.' ./ .<;:<:;;
Strawberries keep up. under : light receipts. |
■" DECIDUOUS FRUITS— *- - \. :,
.' Strawberries,' soo7sc per drawer for large and
75c@»l 25 for small berries. . . -. - .. ,: —
; Apples, 40@60c per box s for common, . : 76c@Jl
for good to choice and $1 25@1 40 for fancy. m&
1 CITRUS " FRUITS-Navel Oranges, •Jl 25@
2 25; Seedlings, : Goc®fl; | Tangerines. 35®400 for
small boxes'; Lemons, * 50c<i?$i for . common and
$1'25@2 for : good to choice; » Mexican Limes.
$4 00; ; California Limes, , in ' small ; boxes, 40@
50c; * Bananas, $1 25G'2 per bunch; Pineapples,
$3@l per dozen. • ■? ■■-■.■■.'..■ ■ /-. ; -.-.:■■;■■'■: . ■ '-=- -v.,-,.
DRIED FRUITS, Nu'TS. RAISINS. ETC.
v Reports iof ' serloui damage to the ; Eastern'
fruit ; crop 1 by j f ro»t i do ; not seem : to affect ' this
market; In the • least. N. In fact, nothing seems
abla to affect it. V : But dealers look for * good
market this coining season, Just the same, (or
the California crop ■will not be heavy. . - ; ■ --.■
DRIED FRUITS— carload lots." 3%@
4%c" for 40-50's. 3<4@3%c: fc. . 60-60' 8.v.2%@3Kc
for 60-70' 8. 2>i4«j2%ic for 70-80' s, l%®2<ic for 80
90'8,-lU@l%c for 90-100's; Peaches. 3Q'sc: fancy, !
sVs@6c; peeled, 10<5>12%e: Apricots. 5@6%c .for
Royals and 7@Bc for j good to fancy . ; Moor
parks; Evaporated Apples. 6Vi4?7c; * sun-dried, j
4®sc; ■. Black Figs, in sacks, 2@2%c; ' Plums, I
44 I>4%c1 > 4%c - for ' pitted and l@H4c for unpltted ; !
bleached Plums, 5®5',4c; Nectarines, : 4@sc . for
prime to fancy; Pears, 2%@4%c- lor quarters
and 3(25 for halves, according to color, etc.
RAISINS— I%#2c for two-crown. . 3c for three
crown, • 3V4c , for four-crown,- 4%c for Seedless
Sultanas, 2%c for Seedless Muscatels' and" $1®
1 10 for London layers; dried grapes, 2V4c. ,'•-.*
NUTS — Chestnuts are - quotable at -Sc per
1b; Walnuts. s@6c for hardshell and 6®7c for
aoftshell: Almonds, 2V4@3 1 /ic for hardshell, 1 s@6c
for softshell and ; 7@Sc for paper-shell; Peanuts,
4@s'4c for Eastern and 4 Vie for California;
Pecans, 6V4@Bc: Filberts, BVi<g'loc; Brazil Nuts,
S@9c per ft ; ' Cocoanuts, $4 50@5 per 100. -r- • •
HONEY— Comb, B@loc . for bright and B@7c
for lower grades;, water- white extracted. 4Vs@
sc; light amber extracted, 3%@4?4c per Ib.
BEESWAX— per Ib. - 
",: v PROVISIONS. ,'. ' : .
Quotations show no disturbance whatever.
Trade Is nothing extra.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, B»<fc per lb for
heavy, 9%c for light medium, 10%0 - for light,
lie -for extra light and 12^c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, , 10%@llc ; Califor- j
nia Hams, 10c; Mess Beef, . $9 per bbl; extra
Mess Beef. $10: Family Beef, 111012; Salt Pork,
IS; extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear, $18; mess,.
$16; Smoked Beef, ll@l2c per lb. . . . .
— Eastern tierces quoted : at 6% per It)
for compound and 7c for pure; pails, 7^e;
California tierces, 5%c per lb r for compound
and 6Hc for pure; half barrels, 6?ic; 10- tins.
7>4c: 5-rh tins, Be. / ' •
COTTONLENE— Tierces, s%@6Vic; packages,
less than 300 lbs— l-lb ■ pails, 60 in a case, B%c;
3-tb palls, 20 in a case, B%c; 6-lb pails, 12 in a
case, B^4c; 10-lb pails, 6 in a case, B%c; 60-tb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c: wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, 7%c; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7'^c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, "Vie per Ib.
HIDES, .TALLOW, -WOO t, AND HOPS. .
Dullness continues to characterize all articles
under this head. ' •
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, ,9c; light, 9c; Cowhides,
9c; stags, 6c; salted Kip, 9c; Calf, 10c; dry
Hides. lfi@l6VjC; culls and brands. 13(313^c;
dry Kip and Veal, 16(£16He; dry Calf. lS@2oc;
culls, 16@17e, Goatskins. 305J37»,2C each; Kids,
; s@loc; Deerskins, good summer, fBtUOa per Ib;
j medium, 20c; winter, 10c; Sheepskins, shear
i ings, 20<ff30c eac^i: short wool. 40(0'70c each;
I medium, 70@90c; long wools, 90c@$l 30 each.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3i&'3V*c per Ib; No.
2, ZOZH6; refined. sc: Grease, 2c.
WOOL— Fall clip— San Joaquin, defective, 7@
9c; Southern Mountain. 9@llc; free Northern,
12^ IV; Northern, defective, 9@llc per Ib.
HOPS— IS 96 crop. 2@6c for poor to fair and
B@loo for good; 1897 crop, llig)l4c per Ib.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
There is no further change in anything.
Hogs are weak and In ample supply.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows?
BEEF— First quality, 6Vi@7c; second quality.
5%4i6c; third quality. 4J(5c per Ib.
VEAL— Large, (Xcfefac; smalt 7<3i?Vie per Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers, 9r; Ewes, BV4@9c per Ib.
LAMB— Spring, 10c per Ib.
PORK— Live Hogs. Z%^?,%c for large and 4c
for medium; stock Hogs, 2%@3c; dressed Hogs,
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, nominal; Wool
Bags, nominal; San Quentln, $o 30.
COAL— Wellington, $S per ton; New Welling
ton, $S; Southfield Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5 50; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch, $10; Cumberland, $10 25 in bulk and
$11 50 In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$14; Caanel, $10 per ton; Rock Springs, Castle
Gate and Pleasant Valley. $9; Coke, $12 per
ton in bulk and $14 in sacks.
Harrison's circular says: "During the week
the following coal deliveries have been made
here: Three from Washington, 4580 tons: three
from Australia, 7031 tons; one from British
Columbia, 4275 tons; one from Oregon, 4f>o tons;
total, 16.3;"6 tons. Light arrivals again this
week, still we have ample for" all immediate
requirements. Prices of fuel for family uses
have been let down somewhat; this is mainly
attributable to coal freight's weakening from
shipping points in Washington and British
Columbia, as they are now back to their nor
mal condition. They were advanced too rashly,
anticipating that fewer steamers would be re
tained in the coal trade; in this the owners of
sailers have been disappointed. In January,
when coal freights were marked up $1 to $1 25
per ton, colliery agents were forced to follow,
but the difference in their delivery prices here
to consumers left them no greater profit, as
the carrier received the entire difference.
Steam grades remain unchanged, as any at
tempt to mark these up would be checked by
offerings from Australia. Engagements from
Swansea are multiplying, thirteen charters
have been made from there in less than sixty
days, but there la difficulty in getting coal as
the colliery proprietors and operatives have
some disagreements to settle, bo for the mo
ment the men are out on a strike. Freight
rates from the colonies and Great Britain are
well maintained, although the very large ar
rivals this week at all English points may
lead to a softening of coal freights in this di
rection."
SUGAR— The "Western Sugar Refinery Com
pany quotes terms net cash: Cube Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 6"gc; Powdered, 6%c; Dry
Granulated. ;<\c: Confectioners' A. 5%c- Mag
nolia A. Bfcc! Extra C. sU<*; Golden C, 5%c;
Candy Granulated, 5?6c; California A, slic per
lb; half barrels, 14c more than barrels, and
boxes more.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Saturday. April 9.
Flour, qr sks 23 582 Onions, sks 384
Wheat ,ctls 6,070 Raisins, bxs 60
Barley, ctls 1,670 Pelts, bdls 497
Oats, ctls 420 Eggs, doz 38,760
Corn, ctls 250 Hides, no 476
Rye, ctls 330 Hay, tons 434
Cheese, ctls 133 1 Paper, reams 1,720
Butter, etls 755 1 Lumber, ft 10,000
Tallow, ctls 204 1 Quicksilver, flsk. 253
Be-ans, sks 213 leather, rolls ... 261
Potatoes, eks ... 2,43o'Wine, gals 73.700
Bran, sks 3H5l Brandy, gals 2,050
OREGON.
Flour, qr pks ... sSoJOats. ctls 2,540
Wheat, ctls 370 j Onions, sks 250
Barley, ctls 2,lßo' Bran, sks sr>
THE STOCK MARKET.
The decision of the Supreme Court in the
Hale & Norcross case was the feature of the
mining stock market yesterday. The stock
opened at $1 15 and sold down to 90c. There
was also a bad break in Sierra Nevada from
?1 SO to $1 45. The other stocks were generally
weak, and the disposition was to sell.
On the Bond Exchange there was ho par
ticular change, beyond a weakness In the
sugar stocks.
The Andes assessment falls delinquent in of
fice to-morrow.
The Reward Gold Mining Company, located
at Nevada City, Cal., has declared a dividend
of 2V4 cents per share, payable immediately.
The Consolidated California and Virginia
output of ore last week amounted to 57 tons,
of the average car sample assay of $37 34 per
ton.
At the annual meeting of the South Swansea
Mining Company of Utah, the old directors
were re-elected for IS9B, with C. V. Wheeler as
president; L. E. Rlter, vice president and gen
eral manager; J. T. Croxall, treasurer, and \V
H. Farnsworth. secretary. The South Swansea
during the past year marketed 4222 tons of ore,
from which there was derived $103,602; paid
dividends in the sum of $62,500. and closed with
a balance on hand am«unting to $5797.
The Whitewater Mining: Company of British
Columbia paid a dividend amounting to $40 -
000 on April 1.
The London and British Columbia Gnld
Fields Mining Company (limited) of British
Columbia, paid a dividend of 25 cents per
share on April 1.
The Market Street Railway Company will
pay its regular quarterly dividend of 60 cents
per share to-morrow.
The Pacific Gas Improvement Company and
the San Jose Water Company will pay month
ly dividends of 50 cents per shari each to
morrow.
The Virginia Chronicle contains the follow
ing: "Wednesday was visiting day at the Si
erra Nevada, and was taken advantage cr by
Superintendents Sharon, Boyle, Kinkead. Ly
man and a number of local experts and share
holders. Superintendent Sharon stated that
he considered the showing highly favorable.
The breast of ore in the top of the raise above
the Riley tunnel shows a.. width of 10 feet bo
far as explored, and the highest assays obtain
ed In the following list of samples taken by
Mr. Sharon, were from the top of the raise,
indicating that the ore body is improving in
quality as explorations are advanced: No. 1,
west eide of pile, silver $21 98, gold $25 86. to
tal, $03 32: No. 2, eaat side of pile, silver $25 86,
gold $62 02, total, $87 88; No. 3, car sample,
silver $15 52. gold $24 81, total. $40 S3: No. 4.
north side of raise top, silver $9 05, gold $15 52,
total. $24 57; No. 5. south side top of raise,
silver $77 58, gold $310 10. total, $387 68."
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY. April 9-10:30 a. m.
-Id. Ask. Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds— Oakland Gas.. 40 42%
4s quar coup..HoV»lllH Pac Gas Imp.. — 84' A
4s quar reg.-.IOBVsIO9H Pac L Co •— 54
4s quar new.. .121 121 ft S F G & E.. 84% 85»4
Miscellancoub— San Fran 3'/» *
Cal-st Cab 55. 114^116 Stock Gas 12 —
Cal El 6s 125 — Insurance—
C C Wat 55... — 102V4 Firem'E Fund. 190 —
Dup-st ex c. — 98V4 Bank Stocks—
E L & P 65.. 128 12834 Anglo-Cal .... 60 63
F&Ch Ry 6s. — 117 Bank of Cal.. — 247
Geary-st I- ss. — 100 Cal.S D & T. — 100
HC & S 6H..100 103 Flrat Nat ....200 —
LAL Cp 65.. — W0 Lon Pft A... 130 —
Do^gntd 65.. — 100 Mer Exchange— 15
Market-st 65..115%U«% Nev Nat 8.. .151^155
Do let M 55.. — 112 M Savings Banks-
Nat Yin 6s Ist — 97Vj Ger S & L.. — 1660
NCNg Ry 78.102 — I Hum S & L.1050 1160
NRy Cftl 65.. — 111% Mutual Say. — 42V4
NRy Cal 55..100»i — SF Say U.. — 495
NPC R R Ss.lM — S& L 50.... — 100
NPC Ry 55.. 101}, — Security tf B 150 —
N Cal ~.y 65.. — — Union T Co. looo —
O«fe Ga* 6a... 100 — Street Rriiroad —
Do 2d is 55.. — 110 California ....107V4109
Om Ry 6s — 126 Geary 40 —
P & O 6s 110 — Market-st .... 52% 52H
P&Ch Ry «3. — 110 Presidio 5 7%
Powell-st 65... — . 117 Powder-
Reno WL&L..IOO — California ....110 150
Sac Elecßyss.lG4%losT» E Dynamite... — 95
SF& N P ss. — 303 Giant Con Co. 40 42
S P of Ar 65.. — 103% Vigorit 2% 2T»
S P Cal 65.... — 113 Miscellaneous—
SPC Is eg as.. — 9«V4 Al Pac Assn.. 97 97>i
SPBr 6s 109 110 Ger Ld Wks.llU —
S V Wat 65...115Vi117 Hana P C 0... — 20
S V Wat 45... 101 102 H C & S Co.. 23% 24
Stock Gas 65.. — 103% Hutch S P Co. 43% 44
Water— Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Contra Costa.. 52 58% Nat Yin C 0... — 7
Marin Co .... 50*4— Oceanic 8 Co. — 60%
Spring Valley. 99% 99& Pac A ; F L.. 1H 2%
Gas & Electric— Pac Bor C 0... 99 —
Cent Gaslight. loo — Par Paint Co. 6V4 —
M£L Co — 13V»
Morning Session. '.*. ■•.'■ ■'
60 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar...*.... 24 00
125 do ' • do '.:.............„,..:..;.. 23 87*4
15 Market-street Railway >.. 62 Z~ l ,i
15 do do "...:.....;..... ..52 50
5 Oceanic Steamship C 0.......'.... 50 00
60S F Gas & Electric C 0................ 85 no
5 Spring Valley Water .......:.......... 99 37%
Street— ; . -
; 25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 24 25
'•■ INVESTMENT BOARD.
' Morning Session. •: >", •'.
20 Spring Valley Water :..:.... 99 50
60S F Gas & Electric Co 84 50
I Street— •- .- .' .. ; ;. '■": • \ ..■-.■:.
.40 Oceanic Steamship Co 50 50
10 do do ....'..'.... .'..... 50 37 "4
5 do • do £0 62&
50 ■■■■. do ,' do •■ ..:.'... :.„.;.....;. 50 25
20 do do ........:....... 50 12%
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar.. 24 12 1 *
100 do - 1 do ■' ....'...■...-....;-........... 24 00
60 Hutchlnson ; S P Co ..:.......... 43 50 •
15 do do ■•.-■ ....:... 43 75
25 . do do ■ 43 62%
30 Spring Valley Water .:.:...i... 99 60
... , MINING STOCKS. .
' Following were the sales in the . San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday: ■' I
■ ." • Morning: Session. ' • *
200 Alpha 07 200 Ophlr 75
2000 Alta 20 100 Potosi 37
tOO Best &Blecher. 49 200 Savage 22
200 Chollar 43 450 Sierra Nevada.. l 65
Con Cal & Va..X 00 500 Union Con 42
500 Justice -.... 19 ',00 Utah 10
*00 ...:..• ' 20 100 Yellow Jacket... 19
800 ...: ....;. 21 , . .
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
JOO Alta 20|U00Justice 20
200 19|tOO 19
100 Andes 16 600 Mexican 38
500 17 200 34
200 Belcher 20 '00 Ophir 75
tOO Best & Belcher. 49 >00 S B & M 03
500 50 150 Sierra Nevada. .1 85
400 46 450 ISO
200 46 500 175
(00 Con Cal & Va.l 02Vi 200 1 72' A
SOO 100 500 170
ZOO Crown Point ... 12 300 1 67H
W0 Gonld & Curry.. 23 1600 165
EOO Hale & Norcrs. 1 15 200 160
200 110 300 1 52Vi
200 1 05 ISOO 150
800 100 200 1 474
»00 95 600 Union Con 43
500 i 94|700 42
500 92 13001 300 40
500 Overman OS|2OO 39
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
BATURDAY, April 9—12 m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha -Con 06 08 Julia 01 02
Alta 19 20 Justice 21 22
Andes 16 17 Kentuck 03 04
Belcher IS 20 Lady ,/aah ... — 03
Benton — 30 Mexican 33 34
Best & uelcher 46 47 Occidental 295 —
Bullion 06 07 Ophir 73 74
Caledonia 24 25 Overman 08 09
Chollar 42 43 Potosl 38 39
Con Cal & Va.l 00 105 Savage 21 22
Challenge Con. 25 2S peg Belcher ... 03 04
Confidence 69 — I Scorpion 05 —
Con- Imperial .. 01 02i Sierra Nevada. 1451 50
Crown Point .. 21 22 Silver Hill .... 02 03
Son New York. — 02 Syndicate — 05
Eureka Con ... — 2*. Standard 1601 65
Exchequer — 06 Union Con 39 40
<3ould & Gurry. 21 Ti Utah 10 11
Hale & Norcrs. 93 951 Yellow Jacket. 18 19
Highest prices of stocks during the week.
Name of Stock.
T.
w.
T.
F.
Alpha ;............
Alta
Andes
Belcher .................
Best & Belcher
Bullion
Caledonia
Challenge
Chollar
Con; Cal & Va.........
Confidence
Crown Point
Gould & Curry
Hale & Norcross
Mexican
Ophlr..:\... .............
Overman ...............
Occidental
Potosi .:;.. ■.
Savage ..:.....
.Seg.- Belcher.
Standard
Sierra Nevada ."..;
Union .'...
Utah r..
Yellow Jacket ........:
6 7
21 20
19 16
21 19
63 49
7 6
26 26
27 25
46 43
1 15 1 00
65 69
24 22
261 22
1 2511 U
43 36
85 75
10, 8
12 902 95
42 38
24 22
3 3
1 65 1 60
2 15 1 65
50 42
11 10
24 1 19
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
City and County of San Francisco to James
T. Boyd, annulled. Undivided 4 of the follow
ing: N M. 50 vara lots 2 and 3. WA 171: also
lot on SW corner 50 vara lot 6, in WA 171
E 32:6 by S 68:9; also lot on N line of Filbert
street, 87 W of Webster, W on S line Rickett
claim to point 127:6 E of Fillmore, N to point
137:6, S Greenwich, E 137:6. Awarded—Undi
vided ** of following: Lot on S line of Chest
nut street, 137:6 E of Fillmore, E 82:6 by S
137:6; also lot on SW. corner Chestnut and Oc
tavia streets. W 412:6 by S 137:6; also lot on
SW corner Chestnut and Gough streets. W 4126
by S 137:6; also lot on W line of Gough street
68:9 N of Greenwich, W 275, N 138, E 125, S
107, E 165, S 39:3; also lot on NW corner Laguna
i and Lombard streets, N 30 by W 110.
Jeremiah O'Leary to Julia A. O'Leary, lot
on S line of Pine street, 137:6 W of Buchanan
W 37:6 by S 137:6; also lot on SE line of Nato
! ma street, 150 SW of Seventh, SW 25 by SE 75
gift.
John Stierlen (by R.- I. Whelan, Sheriff) to
Judah Boas, lot on N line of Page slr«><'" 25 E
of Lyon, E 25 by N 100; $7407.
Caroline F. Davis to Albert W. Wilson, lot on
N line of Thirteenth street, 80 E of Guerrero
E 23 by N 100; $10.
Joseph McFonald to Hannah McDonald, lot
on E line of Castro street, 126:6 S of Twentieth
S 25 by E 105; sift.
BUILDERS' CONTRACTS
Rosa Demartlnl (owner) with A. Caccla and
J. Pecarlsh (contractors; architects, William
Mooser & Son. All work except painting,
plumbing, gasfltting, sewering, concrete, arti
ficial stone, etc., for a 3-story and basement
frame building on SE corner of Dupont ar d
Filbert streets, S 23:6 by E 60; $3200.
Albert B. McKee (owner) with Reite & Ahl
gren (contractor); architect, Albert I. Fan.
All work for a two-story and basement frame
building on W line of Central avenu?. 27:5i4 S
of Jackson street. S 25 by W 120:9 Western
Addition 803; $4700.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
April, 189 S.
Th.
Sa.
a
Moon's Phases.
1
©Full Moon.
April 6.
Ifr Last Quarter
V& : April 13. ;
a New Moon,
SSfM April 20. ■
10 11
3
i
6
13
7
U
IT
28
15
17
17 IS
U 25
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Heights of Hlfh and Low
Waters at Fort Point, Entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by Official Au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low water* occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide la the same at both places.
APBIL-1898.
Sunday, April 10.
rises 6:4(1
6e» 8:41
n rises 11:31 p.m.
: i2™S|i^et sS22!»*et!Z!s!2!reet!lJ2S!feß»
iH Wl L Wi iH W, ■ ::■*■ iL Wl -■■
11l Ml
11:44
7:44
L W
1:23
2:14
HW
52
i.4
NOTE— In the above' exposition of the tides !
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the !
day la the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of i
the day. the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Burvey charts, except
when a minus sign (-^) precedes the height
and then the number Riven Is subtractlve from ;
the depth siveq hy the charts. The plane of
reference Is jtha mean of tr - lower low waters.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographle
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange. Is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cot ilally invited to visit th»
office, where complete sets of charts and nail
ing directions of the world art kept on band
AUCTION SALES.
KILLIP & CO.,
i . Live Stock and General -Auctioneers,
11 MONTGOMERY ST., SAN FRANCISCO.
£* TUESDAY, /£a
Tue5day...... . .............M.-April 12. 1898. ,
AT 10 A. M., AT
Salesyard, Cor. Van Ness Aye. and Market St.
IMPORTANT SALE
i —OF— • V
90 HEAD HIGHBRED ROADSTERS
(Mares and Geldings) from three to five years
old, thoroughly broken, by the following well-
known sires: DEXTER PRINCE. CUPID,
DEXTERWOOD. WHIPS, AZMOOR. TRU-
MAN, etc. Among these are a number of well-
matched teams, very handsome and speedy.
These i horses, were the property of DAN Me- .
CARTY, and are in prime condition, thorough-
ly seasoned for road work. "We will also sell
twenty head of first-class . Team and Work
Horses, from 1500 to 1800 pounds, young ani-
mals, thoroughly broken and .well-matched. '".
Horses now at yard.
■  . KILLIP & CO., Auctioneers. .
11 Montgomery st.
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matter*
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes befor*
noon and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mar*
Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the time ball wm
dropped on time cr giving the error, if any. Is
published the same day by the afternoon
papers, and by the morninc papers the follow
ing day. W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. V. S. N.. In charge.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
San Francisco Bar — California.
Office of U. S. Lighthouse Inspector, Twelfth
District.
San Francisco, April 9, 189 S.
A whistling buoy, painted black and marked
"Duxbury Reef" In white letters, has been
placed in 72 feet of water, about 1% miles SSE.
V 4 E from Duxbury Point. The flrst-claes can
broy has been removed.
Bonita Point Lighthouse, E % S.
Point Reyes Lighthouse. W ~* N.
Farallon Lighthouse, SW U S.
This notice affects the List of Beacons anfl
Buoys, Pacific Coast, 1896. page 17.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
CHARLES E. L. B. DAVIS,
Major Corps of Engineers, U. S. A., Eng!«
nepr Twelfth Lighthouse District.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
orp:in »jiiy. .-
elllngton
t.v of Para.. . .
eeott... .....
ate ot Cat
illkat
roereso
mplre «....
imona
acklnaw
tan la
omer
allaWalla
>moa
New York
Departure Bay
Panama
Humboldt... .'.....
Portland -
Seattle
Seattle. .
Coos Bay..
San Diego
Tacoma
Nannimo ._.
Humboldt :
Victoria and PugetSound
Humboldt....
Coos Bay
China ana Japan
Uum00iat.. ........... ....
San Dlearo.. .......
Nanaimo
Portland..
Newport....... ..7...
Victoria * Puret Sna. :...
Crescent CUT ........
Panama ••
Humooiat
Apr
Apr
Apr
Apr
Apr 12
Apr 12
Apr 13
Apr 13
I Apr IS
Apr 11
Apr 14
Apr 15
Apr 15
Apr 17
I Apr 17
Apr 17
Apr 18
Apr U
i
rc.ita
»nua
orth Font. —
LlltH 80ia.....
irma
-eg-on
)os Bay .....
matllla
•escent City.,
swport
-lzaba
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steameb. I Destixatio.vl
Sa n,s.
Bay..
>tt
:ao
;at
>Da
of Cal
Puget Sound. | Apr 10, 111 AM
Vie & P?t Snd (Apr 11. 10 AM
Newport iApr 11. » am
I San Die*o lApr 12, 3am
IHumboidt. ...]Apr 12,10 am
; Mexico iApr 12. 1 pm
I China* Japan ' Apr 12. KAMI
i Humboldt ... Apr 13. 11 a ji !
i Portland 1 Apr 13. 10 am I
I Coos Bar Apr 13.10 am
i Humboldt Apr 14. 10 AY :
I Humboldt ... Apr 15. '.'am'
Vie & Pert Snd Apr 1«. 10 am
Humboldt... «.pr 17. a am
]SanDie?o Apr 17.11 am!
iPortlana Apr 18. 10am|
! Panama !Apr 18.12 mi
I Pier 11 :
!Pler 13
Pier 11
PMSS
I Pier 13
!Pler 11
j Pier U
Pier IS
! Pier 9
Pier 11
Pier a
Pier 2
IPler 11
i Pier 24
IPM SS
»
,ba.. ..
er.....|
a WU3
a Fork
i- Rosa
:n vi.i.
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco April
9, 1898.
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at noon of the
120 th meridian, or exactly 8 p. m.. Greenwich
time. J. T. McMILLAN,
Assistant in charge.
SHIPPING I>TEL,LIGE\CE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, April ».
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall, 80 hours from Newport
and way ports.
Stmr Corona, Pierce, 5 days from Seattle, In
tow of tug Tyee.
Ti»' Tyee, Bailey, 5 days from Seattle, with
stmr Corona in tow:.
Schr American Girl, Nielsen, 17 days from
Newport.
CLr.VRED.
Stmr Cleveland, Hall "cattle; E T Kruse.
Stmr Portland, Lv lquist, L'nalaska; Alaska
Commercial Co.
Stmr Elsie, Duerrbeck, Pyramid Harbor;
A' iska Paskers' Assn.
Stmr Kadiak, Gerne, Karluk; Alaska Pack
ers" Ai»?n.
Br ship London Hill. Cruickshanks, Royal
Roads; Half our, Guthrto & Co.
Brig Consuelo, Jacobsen, Mahukona; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
SAILED.
Saturday, April 9.
Stmr Portland, Lunrlquist. Innlaska.
Stmr I-aguna, Peterson.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. San Diego.
Stmr North F'-k, Bash, Eureka.
Stmr Cleone, Walvig, Albion.
Br ship Lindfleld, Paterson, Queenstown.
Ship Hecla. Nelson, Loring.
Bktn Gardiner City, Palmgren, Santa Ro
salia.
Sohr Twilight. Hansen, Grays Harbor.
Schr J G Wall, Bjornstrom. Albion.
Schr Anna, Ipsen, Co -- Inlet and codflsh-
Ing.
Schr Thomas S Neprus, Erratt, Cooks Inlet.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, April 9, 10 p. m.— Weather,
thick; wind, W; velocity, 12 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Champion loads lumber on the Sound
for Mollendo, 555; Tenkio Maru, lumber at
Portland for Vladivostok.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COOS BAT— Arrived April 9— Stmr Arcata,
hence April 7; stmr Empire, barbound.
PORT TOWNSEND- Arrived April 9— Schr
llaweema. from Ran Pedro.
FORT ROSS— Sailed April 9— Schr La Chllena
for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed April 9— Nor
stmr Peter Jebsen, for Nanalmo.
POINT REYES— Passed April 9— Haw stmr
San Mnteo, from Comox for Port Los Angeles.
EUREKA— Arrived April 9— Stmr Homer, he
April 8: schr Esther Buhne. from Hueneme.
Sailed April 9— Schr Eliza Miller, for San
Pedro.
SEATTLE— Arrived April B— Ship Wm J
Rotch, hence March 14; stmr Al Xi, from
Alaska.
Sailed April B— Stmrs Hueneme and Navarro,
PORT BLAKELEY — Arrived April B— Schr
G "" Watson, from Newport.
PORT TOWNSEND — Arrived April 9— Schr
Ethel Zane. from San Pedro.
SEATTLE— Arrived April B— Stmr Farallon,
from Dvea.
COOS BAY— Arrived April 9— Sch 'Wing and
Wing, hence Aprl 1.
Barbound — Stmr Empire and schr Ruby A
Cousins and stmr Chllkat.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived April 9— Stmr Ful
ton, hence April 7.
Sailed April 9— Stmr Coquille River and schr
Barbara Hernster, for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE — Arrived April - 9— Bktn
fkaglt. from San Pedro; schr :Ethel Zane, from
Port Townsend.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed April S— Schr La Gl
ronde, for Grays Harbor.
SEATTLE— Arrived April 9— Schr Bella, hnce
March 16.
FO7EIGN PC--.",.
COLON— Sailed ' April B— Stmr Alllanca, ". for
New York. ••■ ...-•■» ..; ---.■■,..;
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed April 9— Stmr Campania
for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed April 9— Stmr St
Paul, for New York.
ANTWERP— SaiIed April 9— Stmr Western
lanrt. for New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived A^ril 9— Stmr Urn
bria. from New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived April 9— Stmr Etrurla,
form Liverpool.
flaw ship Fort George, Morse, Chemainus.
Sohr Nettle Sundborsr. Johnson.
Schr Joseph and Henry, Christiansen, Co
quille River.
TRANS-ATLANTTC STEAMERS
COPENHAGEN— SaiIed April 9— Stmr Thing
valla, for New York.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed April 9— Stmr Georglc,
for New York.
NEW YORK — Sailed April 9— Stmr Palatla.
for Hamburg; stmr Lucania, for Liverpool;
stmr Manitoba, for London; ftm La Bretasme.
for Havre; stmr Rotterdam, lor Bremen; etnlr
Furnessia, for Glasgow.
1516
CHEMISTRY TO
FIND CRIME
Coroner Exhumes the
Body of Mrs. Vidal
Cervantes.
Analysis Will Tell Whether
She Was Murdered for
Money.
If She Was Poisoned tha Police
Will «t Onoo Makt
Arrest*.
The body of the unfortunate Vidal M.
Cervantes, a woman supposed to have
been murdered by slow poisoning during
the last days of March, was exhumed by
the Coroner yesterday morning at the re
quest of Chief Lees.
An autopsy was held at the Morgue.
The stomach, liver and other organs
wf-rt 1 removed and turned over to Chemist
Morgan for thorough analysis. He will
DOt No able to complete his Investigations
before Tuesday or Wednesday, us the
analytical process is slow.
News of tin- peculiar and suspicious
death of the woman was lirst published
In The Call last week. This caused a
great deal of excitement among the
friends of deceased as well as in the
ranks of her husband's friends. The
woman had been married but ten days
■when she died. Her husband and a
strange woman who lived In the house
with them were known to have adminis
tered the last medicines given. There was
undue haste about the funeral, for a
few hours after the woman's death her
new husband and the woman who lived at
the house were making arrangements for
thi Interment at Laurel Hill.
Mrs. Cervantes was Miss Vidal Mossa
until a few days before her marriage to
Cervantes. For a long time she had lived
With one Hans Neilson in Hinckley alley.
Keilsou soon discovered that bis mate
hud left him, also that she was drinking
heavily. When he investigated he also
learned thai some of her gold disappeared
u't'out the time .«he left him. He charged
that her clothing and jewelry were worn
by the strange woman at the house of her
husband, and this a few days after his
friend's iltath.
Without any loss of time Cervantes ap
plied for letti-rs of administration on the
estate. All these facts looked so sus
picious thai the police decided to leave no
Btone unt'irne.l in the search to ascertain
whether the Btomach and other organs
would show it poison had been adminis
ter, -il.
The polio? are keeping close watch of
the ease, and what they do will depend
; on the r. suits of the analysie now
being made by Chemist Morgan.
BOUGHT OUT THE FACTORY.
An Immense Purchase of Muslin
Undergarnu .s.
The New York buyer of The Empo
rium and Golden Rule Bazaar recently
bought the entire stock on hand of the
"William H. Burns Company, Worces
ter, Mass., the largest manufacturers
of muslin underwear in the United
States, at U5 per cent less tlmn factory
cost. The lot consists of 1400 dozen
garments, gowns, chemises, skirts,
(.■•■is.'t covers and drawers.
Mr. Burns in a recent letter to the
big Market street firm states that the
prices paid are simply ridiculous, and
that there are many rare and genuine
bargains in store for their lady cus
tomers. The goods are being marked
now, and will be on sale Monday, April
17th.
School Director Wallex's Case.
School 1 >ir«-ctor Waller was before
Judge Cook yesterday, expecting a deci
sion on the demurrer interposed by his
counsel to the indictment presented by
the Grand Jury, accusing him of having
solicited a bribe in his official position.
JudKv Cook said that he preferred to
have the law points involved passed on
when the three Judges of the depart
ments of the Superior Courts devoted to
the trial of criminal cases next sit in
bank. That course was satisfactory to
all the interested parties, and the case
accordingly went over until May 6.
A Meeting of Street Car Men.
A mooting of the representatives of the
different street railway companies took
place yesterday morning in the rooms of
the < 'hroniele building to question the con
stitutionality of the fender ordinances.
I dcs thi> officers of the different car
companies a number of attorneys were
it. The meeting, which was held
t>r!iiini close. ! doors, resulted in nothing
more than a general discussion of the
subject.
The Dick Williams Case.
The second trial of Dick Williams, ex
interpreter for the Chinese Bureau, has
been set for next Tuesday in the United
States District Court. He is charged with
accepting bribes.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Eighteen Mouths Old Baby Had
Kash on Shoulder for Two
Years Causing Intense Suf-
fering. Would Scab Over,
Break Open and Be Raw.
Several Doctors and Kerne,
dies Tried. Efforts Fruitless.
Cured by CUTICURA.
My sister had this rash come on her shoulder
when she was about eighteen months old. It
was there about two years causing her intense
Buffering. We hart several different doctors,
tried everything that we could think of, and
that every one could suggest without effect-
ing a cure. In spite of all we did it kept
spreading. One day it would scab over and
then crack open and a watery matter ooze
from it and the scabs would all fall off. It
would be raw for a time, then scab over again.
Bomcone recommended Ccticuka Remedies.
We Immediately procured ■ box of CunccnA.
(ointment), a cake of Cuticdra Soap, then
tried the CcnctmA Resolvent, and before
the battle t/v/.» half pone ice saw a marked
change, and by the time it was gone, she was
entirely cured without a scar being left. She
is now twnlve years old, and has not had a
pimple or sign of blood trouble since.
Feb. 18, '98. Mis* LILLIE CHASE, Bristol, Vt.
TORTritpa niinntiitiiaEcmji, and every (peciM
of Itching, burning;. scaly, cmsted. end pimply skin and
•c«lp diseases, with dry, thin, and falling hair. Instantly
rrllrr«i and speedily cored by warm baths with Cdti-
ooka Ho* p. gent'e «no!ntin*« with I'utirim, purest of
skin cores. *n<l mild do»*s * Ciiticob a RcaOL>
Ti *T, greatest of horaer cures, when all else (alia.
CSS" ttZX^*- PUTTt " °™ *" •«•
V" Bow to Car) S.rerj fiuaior," milled ft** j^_*
BERKELEY GIRLS BEAT SAGEBRUSH MAIDENS
14 TO 1.
BERKELEY has beautiful hair, which she wears In lon*, satiny braids
led with golden ribbon. Her blue sailor collar ends in a knot of gold,
iiere's a golden sash at her waist, golden strings lace her tennis shoeß,
.uiri there's a golden band Just bolow her left knee.
When Nevada came upon the field yesterday afternoon to be slaughtered,
she looked slight and youthful and childlike, but exceedingly graceful in her
loosely flowing bloomers and blouse of red, her dark stockings and low shoes, a
knot of gold at her belt and at her throat. She was greeted right royally by
Berkeley and the crowd of women that filled the Odd Fellows' Hall, and the
Nevada college yell went up from blue-and-gold beribboned. damsels with such
fervor that Nevada blushed and smiled with gratification.
Berkeley plays basket-ball with all her heart— which is large. She leaps, she
files, she slides, she scrambles, and the ball is always hers. Her play is fast and
furious. There's an understanding between her captain and her men— that is
to Bay, women— which makes the ball leap from one "blue" pair of hands to
another, as though it had been hypnotically wooed in the proper direction.
Berkeley has learned that there's a place for everything, and that the basket-ball
field is not the place for dignified demeanor. She's a child, an athlete, an en
thusiast here, and she's rightly a conqueror. Yesterday's game was splen
didly fought and fairly won. Every sM in the team had a share in the victory.
Nevada is a bit timid. In her innocence she fouls without intending it or
knowing her crime when it has been committed. She's slow when compared to
th^ .«wift alertness of Berkeley. She knows she is handicapped by the fact that
individually and as a team she's younger and less experienced than Berkeley.
She's had no coach. She's never played a game of basket-ball outside the com
forting precincts of the Reno University gymnasium. She's had no training,
and though she plays with all her might, her efforts don't score because of the
lack of co-operation. Captain Brownsill and her stanch lieutenant, Miss Robin
son, who threw nearly every goal Berkeley scored yesterday, are the Castor
and Pollux of basket-balldom. They are two souls with a single thought, and
that thought keeps thrusting the yellow ball forever up and against the coy
1 asket. Berkeley has a guard, Miss Haworth, every inch of whose seventy
inches is worth its weight in blue and gold. She towered over her little, fair
haired Nevada rival, and she watched over the enemy's side of the field so
well that it was a speedy and cleverly thrown ball that escaped her three-foot
jump.
Nevada was outclassed, outplayed, well beaten. But she is true to her repu
tation for sagebrush pluck in fighting desperately till the last, ignoring the
"I—2—3 — I--.,— o—7— &— 9— lo— ll— l2— 13— 14" counted out with remorseless delibera
tion by triumphant Berkeley, and retaining her good-humor under circum
stances that might try veteran contestants.
More accomplished rooters than the Berkeley girls It is impossible to im
agine. They sang, they howled, they stamped. They distributed college yells
generously, impartially. Never a point escaped their vigilant eyes and mouths
It didn't matter whether it was a flying red dash or a whirling blue dot that
caught and threw the ball. Immediate fame, loud-voiced and reiterated, was
the lot of the victorious one. "Good girl, Nevada," was the serious commenda
tion that floated down in a well-trained chorus from the gallery. And when
Berkeley threw a goal you should have heard the "Ha. ha. ha! California.
U. C. Berkeley, Zip! Boom! Ah!"
The spectators were informed that Miss Rued was all right, and were ques
tioned as to what was the matter with various other misses, but when the
game grew warm and despite Nevada's good throwing the ball was kept and
held about Berkeley's goal, "Good girl, Bessie! Good girl. Sarah!" replaced the
more formal cry, winding up in a rapturous ode to California and Berkeley
that Nevada was tempted to join in— had she been as well drilled as those who
sat open-mouthed, flapping their arms like wings beneath the blue-and-gold be
rlbboned baton of the pretty leader.
But the enthusiasm above was no greater than that on the field. When Ne
vada scored that solitary one the gallery was alive with the waving of handker
chiefs, the "Wall! Wah! Wah! Nevada!" of the sweet-voiced rooters the ex
cited, bent-down faces of the crowd. And below in a jiffy Nevada had broken
into red-bloomered couples waltzing rapturously in the few moments' interval
before the whistle sounded again. As for Berkeley, when Miss Robinson's fine
goal-throwing brought point after point to the California team, lithe Captain
Brownsill flew at her lieutenant and gave her a lightning hug before she flew
again after the ball.
The hall was prettily draped with red and gold on one Fide and blue and *old
on the other. The referee. Mrs. Magee. wore a red silk waist and a dark blue
skirt with a golden belt, that no one might question her disinterestedness And
for the same reason the umpire. Miss Merritt of Stanford, appeared in blue
bloomers and red sweater with a big "S" in the center
"I tell you. you Berkeley girls can play." panted a perspiring girl in red
when both teams trooped off to the dressing-rooms
th«"viof O r teU yy ° U> yOU ' V ° madC US Play harder than w<? expected," responded
tne victor. MIRIAM MICHELSON.
BERKELEY'S SUBSTITUTES. NEVADA'S SUBSTITUTES.
BLUE TINTS
THE VICTORY
Oakland Wins Laurels in
the Academic League
Field Day.
Berkeley Second, While Infant
Ukiah Throws Off Swad
dling Clothes.
The Renowt.od Plaw Doffs His Hat
to Estes in the Hammer-Throw.
Six Records Smashed.
Oakland High School — 52.
Berkeley High School — 47.
Ukiah High School — 17.
With wild whooping, blowing of horns,
shooting of blank cartridges, frantic
handshaking, carrying of heroes around
on broad shoulders, waving of parti-col
ored banners and other emblems, and a
surging and jostling that give the great
throng a kaleidoscopic appearance on ac
count of the gay colors in the drosses
of the female contingent, six records
were smashed into smithereens and ona
r-stablished at the eighth semi-annual
field day of the Academic Athletic League
at the Olympic Club grounds yesterday
afternoon. The brawn of the Oakland
High School carried her cerulean colors
to victory, with Berkeley a close second,
and Ukiah third. Henley of Ukiah estab
lished a new record in the running high
Jump, clearing the pole at 5 feet 9 inches
in an exhibition Jump after putting his
opponents out at 5 feet 7Vi Inches. Fred
Estes of the same institution defeated
the renowned Plaw of Booue's Univer
sity Academy, with a throw of 149 feet 1
inch, the latter making a top throw of
only 148 feet 2 inches, though last year
he established the record at l(it> feet 3
Inches. The first record broken was
that of Finne, V. H. S., 2:00 1-5, in the 880
yard run, by Harris, O. H. S., in 2:05 4-5;
the second, that of Cutler. L. H. S., S:O2Va.
in the mile run, by Weber, O. H. S., in
4:55 4-5; the third, that of Warnick, U. H,
S.. 28 2-5, in the 220-yard hurdle, by Spen
cer. B. H. S., in 27 4-5; fourth, that of
Woolsey, B. H. S., 52 4-5, in the 440-yard
dash, by Cadogan, O. H. S., in 51 1-5; liftn,
that of O. H. S., 3:27, in the mile relay
race, by O. H. S., 3:24; that of Cooley, O.
H. S., 5 feet 9 inches, in the running high
jump, by Henley, U. H. S., 6 feet 9
Inches.
Protests on claims of fouling were made
by Elder in the mile walk and McLean
in the mile run. The ref< re*, William
H. Humphrey, A. A. U., saw fit to al
low neither protest, as it was clear that
the fouling was accidental and did not
interfere vith the nnai result. McLean
took the dc-cision with bad grace, and
afterward used insulting language toward
the referee.
The events of the flay, according to the
official score, resulted as follows:
TRACK BVJENT&
100 yard dash— Abadle, P. H. S., first- Henley
U. H. S., second; Stanley, P., third. Time'
:10 4-5.
120-yard hurdle— Hamlln. B. H. S., first; Mc-
Carpar, O. H. S., seconfl; Irwln, B H S
third. Time, :17 2-.'.
SbO-yard run— Hnrris. O. H. S.. first- Powell
B. H. 6., second; Chadbourne, H. 8. third'
Time, 2:05 4-S.
One mile walk— Wtlscn, B. H. 8., first • Ber
ger, B. H. P.. second; Elder, U. H. 8, third
Time, 8:0y 1-5.
220-yard dash— Rlccoml, P. H. S., first; Dew-
Ing, B. H. 8., second; Foster. O. H. 8., third
Time. :24 1-S.
220-yard hurdle— Spencer, P. H. S.. firtf Mor
rlll, O. H. 8., second; McCarrar, O. H 8
third. Time, :27 4-G. ■
On« mil* run— W»ber, O. H. 8., first; Rlggs,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 10, 1898.
B. H. S., second; McLean, P., third. Time
4:ao 4-5.
One mile bicycle race— Wallace, S J H S
first: Druhe, O. H. S., second; Irwln, B. h' s"
third. Time, 3:02 4-"..
My-yard dash— Cadogan, O. H. S., first; Hol
man. T . H. S.. second; Rlccoml. P. H S
third. Time, :51 1-5.
One mile relay race— O. H. S. (Cadosan), first:
B. H. S. (.Spencer), second; P. H. S., third
FIELD EVENTS.
Pole vault— Wood rum, O. H. S., first; Irwln,
B. H. P., second; Nicholson, O. H. S., third.
Height, 8 feet 9 Inches. Woodrum afterward
Jumped 10 feet for exhibition.
Running high Jump— Henley. U. H. S.. first.
Ileißht. 5 feet 9 Inches. Brock. B. H. S.. and
Topham, S. J. H. S., tied at 5 feet 7V4 inches,
divided points and Brock won the medal in the
toss-up.
12-pound hammer throw— Ectes, U. H. 8.,
first; Plaw. B. U. A., second: Riggs, B. H. S.,
third. Distance. 149 feet 1 inch.
Running broad Jump — Woodrum, O. H. S. r
first; Brock. B. H. S., second; Spencer, B. H.
S.. third. Distance, 20 feet 6 Inches.
12-pound shot put— Woodrum, O. H. S., first;
Bishop, L. H. S., second; Volz, B. H. S.,
third. Distance. 4~, feet 5 inches, establishing:
a record for future competition.
In counting, first plaoe 5 points, second, 3,
and third. 1. In the relay, first took 10; second,
6. and third, 3. Among the various officials
William H. Humphrey. A. A. U.. acted as ref
eree; Phil Wand. O. A. C, as starter: scorer.
W. B. Jackson, U. S. : timers. Colonel G. C. Ed
wards, V. C. ; Dr. T. D. Wood, L. S. J. U.; H.
Smith, U. C; F. Wolf. University of Iowa:
Ju.is.'S at finish. Rev. W. A. Brewer, S. M. S. ;
Profeseor G. Angell, L. S. J. U.; C. S. Dole
L. S. J U. ; Professor Ira G. Hoitt. H. S.
Professor F. L. Caughey, U. H. S., an assist
ant to the field marshal. H. A. Keeler, U. H.
S., took charge of the maneuvers of the ath
letes of his school In person.
EASTER CHIMES
AT THE CHURCHES
The Musical Programme of
Unusual Interest This
Year.
Spealal Efforts Made to Hays This
Feature as Attractive as
Possible.
Easter services in all the churches to
day will be characterized by elaborate
musical programmes. Special provisions
have been made to have this feature as
attractive as possible, and to this end the
choirs of all the churches have arranged
to give their congregations a treat. For
many generations the character of relig
ious services has grown elaborate at Eas
ter time, and in no way is this more
marked than in the music. The follow
ing is a list of some of the churches that
have arranged special programmes for
the day:
First Baptist Church: Choir— Miss Fannie L..
Denny, soprano; Miss Florence E. Raymond,
alto; Douglas B. ("rane, basso; Robert Powell
Kvans, tenor ami director; Hallett K. Mitchell,
urganiht; Master Harry Abbot, cometlßt, as
sisted by Miss Alice Wood, violinist. Morning
service— Organ prelude; iloxology; Invocation
hymn 420 (Ariel), "Complete In Him," con
gregation; responsive reading; anthem, "Christ
Is Risen" (Brackettj; Scripture lesson; anthem
"As Sleep Takes Flight" (Shelley); prayer;
notices; offertory, violin solo, "Intermezzo sin
fnnico," from "Cavalleria Rustlcana" (Maa
i-agnij. Mlfs Alice Wood; hymn 470 (Azrrn.n),
"Worthy the Umb," congregation; sermon'
"The Resurrection and Its Lesson," Matthew
xxvil:6, pastor; anthem, "As It Began to
Dawn" (.Dudley Buck); benediction; organ
postlude.
Evening service— Orsan prelude; anthem
"Upon the First Day of the Week" (Edith r'
Noyes); hymn 453 (Harwell), "Jesus Reigns"'
oonsrcgatlon: Scripture lesson; anthem
"Awake: Thou That Sleepest" (Spence)'
prayer; notices; offertory, violin solo, "Cava
tina" (J. Raff), Miss Alice Wood; hymn (Coro
nation), "Lord of All." (.'onifrejjatton; sermon
"If Christ Is Not Risen. Then What?" pas
tor; anthem. "By the Thorny Way of Sor
row" (Rchuecker); benediction; organ pogtlude.
St. Charles Borromeo — Solemn high inasß at
11:30 a. m.; the Rev. W. O. O'Mahoney, cele
brant: the Rev. P. J. Cummins, deacon- Rev
D. O. Crowley, pub-deacon; H. Dowdall. master
of ceremonies: sermon by the Rev. P. J. Cum
mins. The following music will be rendered-
Easter hymn H. J. Schnecker: "Mesne So
lenelle." H. J. Schnecker; offertory. Werner
"Regina Coell," Werner; benediction, Stearne'
"O Salutaris," Rossini; "Tantum Ergo," V
Bossalra Flls; "Laudate," grand Gregorian
The choir will Include: Soprano*— Miss Mary
Stevens, Mlat Tessle O'Connor, Mint Laura
I Harrlgan; altos. Miss May Corlert. Miss May
Keane, Miss Tessle Kelley; tenors, Louis Al
j bert Larsen, M. McCurrle; first violin. Miss
| Mary Roberts Conlln; second violin, Miss Car
i olyn Knux; viola, Walter Cox; cello, Ralph
! Howells: organist, Mrs. Mary H. Hay. At the
| 9 o'clock mass special numbers will be ren
i dored by the members of the St. Cealian choir.
I St. James — A choir of fifteen voices, under
: the direction of the organist, Miss M. Purcell,
, will sing Leff-Us mass In I). Sipra.no soloists,
| Miss T. Mahony, Miss I* Curtas; altos. Miss
i A. Leahy, Miss A. Curran; tenor, W. Dlnan;
bass, J. P. Leonard. Berge's "Regrina Coell."
\ as the offertory, will be rendered by full chulr.
After the mass Lamhlllotte's "Tantum Ergo"
will be sung at the benediction.
St. Mary's Cathedral— "Kyrle," "Gloria" and
"Credo," from Heethoven's "Mass in C," and
"Sanctus," "Henedlctus" and "Agnus Del"
from Gounod's "Messe Solennelle." At the
gradual "Haec Dies" will be sung and at the
offertory Gloria's "Regina Coell." The soloists
will consist of Miss Katherlne Black, Mrs.
Alfred Kelleher, Miss Julia Sullivan, Miss Lot
tie Crawford. Pavld Manlloyd, Alfred Kelle
her, S. J. Sanduy «nd> Mr. Yon der Kun. An
orchestra has been engaged and a choir of
! twenty voices will constitute a chorus, with
j Alfred Kelleher conductor and R. J. Harrison
organist.
St. Patrick's Church— Haydn's festival mass
No. 6 will be suns. Other features will be
"Vldl Aquam" (Southard); "Vent Creator"
rGeorge Koppltz); "Haec Dies" for offertory
(Wilcox Southard). A number of high class
! vocalists will sing in conjunction with the
famous St. Patrick's Choir. Stern's vespers
will be sung in the evening at 7:30 o'clock. J.
H. Dormnnn will preside at the organ.
Sts. Peter and Paul— Solemn high mass at
j 10:30 a. m.; Lejeal's fourth mass, under the
j direction 01 A. BpadlMU organist of the church,
will be rer.dered by the following vocalists:
Sopranos, Miss M. Walsh, Miss L. Spadina,
Miss J. Lenormnnd, Miss B. Oleason, Miss J.
Murphy; altos, Mrs. M. Sradlna, Miss R.
Merlo, Miss A. Spadina, Miss I. Ulanchi. Miss
I. Beronio, Miss M. Walsh; tenors, A. Boyce,
Q. Ullva; basso, A. Danielli. At the offertory
Ktenor Metro Marino will render a violin solo.
The "Regina Coell" will be sung by Miss L.
Spadina nnd choir.
West Side Christian— At 11 a. m., organ vol
untary; hymn, "We Praise Thee, O Lord";
Scripture lesson, "Christ Is Risen"; hymn,
"St. Louis" (with "Sanctus"); prayer; an
them, "O Risen Lord" (Watson): communion
services; offertory, "Resurrection" (Shelley),
Mrs. R. W. Smith; sermon, "The Greatest Vic
tory of the Ages"; hymn, "Coronation"; bene
diction.
At 7:30 p. m. — Organ voluntary: hymn, "O
Holy, Holy Lord" ; responsive reading; an
them, "Christ Our Passover" (Dank); respon
sive reading; hymn, "Eventide"; Scripture
lesson; Easter solo, Miss Ida Remington; ser
mon, "The Holy Spirit"; hymn, "Varina" ;
benediction.
Bethany Congregational— Organ prelude;
hymn 1141. congregation; anthem, choir; exer
cises by Chinese— Chorus. "Jesus Saves"; reci
tation. Scripture verses, Lee Nung Gen; recita
tion, "Easter Carol." Lee Heng Suey; quartet.
' Always Abounding," Carl M. Lee, Woo
Chung Hoy, Law Keem, .lee Shin Fwe; chil
dren's exercise, duet, "Leaning on the Ever
lasting Arms," .lee Shin Fwe, Jee Shin Tien;
recitation, "The Walk to Emmaus," Louie
Leung: recitation, " 'Tis Rhlninp Still," Quan
Shu; solo, "The Half Has Never Been Told,"
Law Keem; recitation. "Round About Us."
Dea Kin; ad-ire**, "Incidents of Mission Work
in China," Chin Quong: quartet, "The Rock
That Is Higher Than I," Carl M. L«e, Woo
Chung. Law Keem. Jee Shin Fwe; address. "In
cidents of Mission Work In California." Woo
Chung Hoy: chorus in Chinese. "Song of Re
deeming Love"; remarks by the pastor. Rev.
W. C. Pond; offertory, choir; doxology and
benediction.
Sacred Heart Church— Haydn's mass In C
will be rendered by an augmented choir with
organ and orchestral accompaniment, under the
direction of C. Davis. The choir will .-onsist i
of the following singers: Sopranos, Mrs. S.
C Walsh. Mrs. K. nurns. Miss J. Short. Miss ,
M. Butler; altos, Miss M. Mabie, Mrs. M.
Smith, Miss M. Valawton; tenors, Charles ,
Morel, R. Morrlssey; bassos. R. L. Woodward,
W. Glrard: organist, Miss Marie Short: Lam- i
blllotte's "Alleluia" will be sung for the offer
tory. In the evening a male choir will chant
the Gregorian vesper service: "Regina Coell,"
by Werner: If niton* "O Salutnrls" will be !
sung by Alfred Nowlan, and "Tantum Ergo," !
by Rossi, by the whole choir.
Holy Cross.
The choir will render Father Affranchlno's
mass, with Gans' "Gloria" In D, accompanied
by Madame Plankard, violinist. The choir will
conßlst of a double quartet: Miss Gertrude
Frost. Mrs. Elliott, sopranos: Mrs. George Sut
ton. Miss Dobson, contraltos; Messi-a. Smith
and Toler. tenors; Messrs. Fogarty and Solo
man, bassos, offertory; --Rp^ina Coell" (Lam
billotte); violin obliicato and full choir; orffan
lst, Mrs. M. Wllbourn. After mass ttenedlc
tlon will he (?iven. durinur which :he following
programme will be rendered: "O, Salutaris"
(Carlo Ua.«ii«lnl). Mrs. G. Elliott; "Tantum
Er*o" (LamWllnttp); "L H udate" (Greßorlan);
"Sit Nomen nnmlnl" fCagllea). Full choir.
To Extend Fifteenth Street.
The Fifteenth street and Park Hill Im
provement Club has petitioned the Board
of Supervisors to extend Fifteenth street.
Ladle*' tailor-made suits; latest dcalma; w«
ftve credit. M. Bothicbild. 211 Butter, r. • * 7.
LOST IN THE
CHILCOOT PASS
Two Vietime of the Big
Avalanche Disaster
Well Known Here.
They Were Mrs. James Harri
son and Her Brother-in-
Law, C. P. Harrison.
Brother and Sister-in- Law of Po
lice Officer William Har
rison.
Among the many victims who per
ished while attempting to cross the
Chilcoot Pass, as told in yesterday's
Call, were C. P. Harrison, a brother of
Police Officer William Harrison, and
Mrs. James Harrison. The latter was
the wife of James Harrison, who ia
well known in this city and who is at
present in Dawson City.
Several months ago James Harrison
left this city for Alaska. He left his
wife here, promising to send for her as
soon as he reached Dawson City. Sev
eral weeks ago Mrs. Harrison received
a letter from her husband, in which he
stated that he had struck it rich and
asking her to join him at once. He
also wrote to his unfortunate brother,
describing the wonderful resources of
the frozen north and begging him to
accompany his wife in the hazardous
trip.
After thinking the matter over Harri
son consented to make the journey
with his sister-in-law. They left here
a short time ago and stopped over at
Seattle, intending to take the first boat
for Alaska.
Last night Police Officer Harrison
was officially notified of the tragic
death of his brother and sister-in-law.
On- being told of the sad occurrence
Captain Spillane at once granted him
a short leave of absence.
"This is sad news indeed, tearfully
remarked the brother of the deceased
man. "He confidently expected to ac
quire considerable wealth in the Alaska
gold fields, and I believe he would have
succeeded except for his tragic ending.
Jim left this city some time ago, in
tending to send for his wife as soon as
he had located a claim. The last letter
we received from him announced that
he had struck it rich and asking his
wife to join him. He expected that
Charley would accompany her, as it
was agreed that he shoul ■'. do so. They
left this city several weeks ago thor
oughly satisfied that they would have
a hazardous trip, but earnestly hoping
to reach Dawson City.
"After reaching Seattle they wrote
me that they were ready to embark on
their perilous journey and promised to
let me know just as soon as they
reached Dawson.
"The sad occurrence will greatly af
fect by brother Jim, as he was very
much attached to his wife. I intend to
do all in my power to get possession of
the bodies, but from the present reports
it may be very doubtful. However. I
have already communicated with the
authorities of Alaska with a view of
securing the remains of my dead rela
tives."
SHABKEY TIGHTS TWO MEN.
The Heavyweight Pugilist Agrees to
, Stop Stenzler and Baker.
. The National Club made a decidedly novel
' match yesterday, to wit: Tom Sharkey signed
articles with the club to fight Henry Baker
and Jack Stelzner on the same evening and In
the same ring under the following conditions,
\ viz.: Sharkey is to stop Stelzner, in . twelve
rounds, and If he falls in the attempt he ; mutt
■ pay his opponent $800, but If Stelzner Is knock
i ed out In twelve rounds or less he will re
: ceive $200. " . .
After a short • rest Sharkey will meet Henry
Baker in an eight-round contest, and should
Baker be his f ett '. at the end of .the eight
; rounds he is to receive WOO, and $200 in case he
i Is ■ knocked out or stopped.
Sharkey will receive 60 per cent of the gross
' receipts, and out of that amount his opponents
i will receive whatever money will be accruing
to them according to the conditions stipulated
In the articles. ■
I The club has selected the evening of May 5,
! for the entertainment. Que.msberry rule:.' will
overn the contest, and 1 a referee must be se
ected by the contestants forty-eight hours be
! fore the day of the fight, and in the event
j that the contestants canno agree upon a ref
j eree, the club will appoint a man of its own
' choice. - _ _ ■"- ,
~~
i Free. 1 month's treatment. New cure. Asthma
cured to stay cured. Dr. Gordln, 514 Pine st.
Advises the City to Pay.
City and County Attorney Creswell has
advised the Board of Supervisors to pay
the judgment of $400 awarded Wilhelmina
Schussler In her suit against the city for
damages sustained by reason of a de
feetive sewer in Fifteenth street.
; ADVERTISEMENTS.
000000000000000000
° •• THE CREDIT HOUSE." ®
O Biz Stories High. . °
© A °
O -* — — v mull/I I °
o \\wln ' °
O -<^\J&' /' tfe l J&» 9 ' *♦ O
O ■»-■*'-' I f-S't >- y_ O
% ' J>^b^J^ o
o o
o An upholstered chair o
O in birch-mahogany, with £
1 o tasty tapestry coy- e | o^o
o ering o
iO " ; . ■■ — , ... ' ".\, : O
q A triumph of bedroom economy : Q
*y Our Triumph Folding Bed, for two' n
o adu1t5................................57.25 X
■i:-.; Sanitary sense selects metal beds. v
j? We have .them in white enamel with ®
! ]f brass trimmings for./ij......*...53,00 ®
' V A dining-room convenience that will ©
' O save you many a step. Solid; Oak O
' O -Sideboard, with mirror ..... $9.00 O
' ■ OBffIHBOBi O
! © CARPET DEPARTMENT. •■..■,. ; q
! ONew.'desljrns Just in. ~ Bright colors
i *•» and artistic patterns In Moquettes, Ax- O
Q minsters and Velvets. ■ -"rt
_ Tapestry Carpets, per yard '- -- - 48 C ; w
g M. FRIEDMAN & CO. %
g - 233-235-237 Tost Street. o
q Near Stockton. ;. Open Evenings. ©
000000000000000000
ADVERTISEMENTS. ___^
cc now received the balance of our
We have now received the balance of our
importations of WASH DRESS FABRICS for
the present season, and will exhibit this week
all the choice and seasonable novelties in the
following fabrics, :■
PRINTED FRENCH CHALLIES, STRIPED
WASH SURAHS, PRINTED FOULARD SILKS,
PRINTED FRENCH SATIN STRIPE CHALLIES,
WOVEN EGYPTIAN TISSUES, PRINTED FRENCH
ORGANDIES, WOVEN SCOTCH CHEVIOTS,
PRINTED FRENCH GRENADINES, WOVEN
SCOTCH MADRAS, PRINTED IRISH DIMITIES,
WOVEN SCOTCH GINGHAMS and PRINTED
LAPPET MULLS.
5 cases 32-incF} Printed Organdies, ele-
gant designs 15c yard
150 pieces extra quality Cotton Covert
Suiting, new mixtures ..12£c yard
4 cases 32-incl} Scotcl) Madras, n)ediun),
dar^ and light colorings ... 15c yard
300 pieces fine Printed Percales, 36 inches
wide, white, indigo and Cochineal
grounds . . . ... . . . . . . 12ic yard
3 cases new Scotch Tennis Flannel, new-
est patterns ; .30c yard
200 pieces Printed Tennis Flannel, fifty
different designs .....Bic yard
111. 113. 115. 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
/■V DR. SOPER'S
Jpil - Free Ofrer.
■^^^W^i .All who begin treatment before April
'fISOT?3^ 80th will receive services free of charge
'f D^^»; r until a T cure is effected, All chronic
diseases of Men and Women treated by Dr. Socer's
Neutralizing Sustem.
' Hours >10 to 12 A. M.. 2 to 5 and 7 to 8 P. M.
PR, A. SOPER'S SANITARIUM. S7* TAYLOR ST., .JSgaSft*.-
J. NOON AN,
Furniture-Carpets-Bedding
1017-1023 MISSION STREET,
516-522 MINNA STREET,
PHONE. SOUTH 14. ABOVE SIXTH. OPEN EVEJVHVC9.
CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIME PAYMENTS.
CLAMORING FOB, COIN.
Sub-Contractors Unable to Get What
Is Due Them on the New Mis
sion High School.
The contractors who have undertaken
the building of the new Mission High
School met with the Buildings and
Grounds Committee of the Board of Edu
cation yesterday to devise some plan
whereby the contractors can get the
money due them. The contract for the
building was awarded to the Ray Build-
Ing Company, which in turn sublet con*
tracts to various people. The Ray Com
pany has been paid about $RO,000," nearly
half the amount of the contract price,
but has failed to meet its obligations to
the subcontractors. There is ample
money on hand to complete the build
ing, and the committee is willing to pay
the subcontractors idrect to complete
their work, but" they are clamoring for
the money already due them from th*
Ray Company. The committee could
see no way to arbitrate between the con
tractors and the company, and it was
finally decided that the contractors should j
make another effort to get their money j
from the company and meet the com
mittee again next Tuesday.
Cannon-Bali Catcher Caught.
John Holtum, tho professional cannon
ball catcher, made the greatest catch of
his life yesterday, when he enfolded in
his brawny arms for life Cathrlr.e Gert- .
sen. • Holtum, who la a famlliur figure
to local amusement seekers, accompanied !
by his bride, visited Justice of the IVuce.
Barry's chambers shortly aftor noon nnd
were soon made one. The groom pave
his age as 52 years, though ho look* much ;
younger, while the bride confessed to 50 i
■eaaona. '
.OPENING
My importation this szason
surpasses all ethers for the
style and variety in
SUITS,
SPANISH FLOUNCE SKIRTS.
JACKETS,
BAYADERE SKIRTS,
CAPES.
Large assortment of SUfc
Wais's. Tailor Suits to or-
der — best fitting, best finish.
Prices most reasonable.
48 Geary Street,
Cop. Grant Avo.THE CALL
Easter Number.
oar? Iraocbco, Dapd&y Apni iqisss.18
EASTER
JRev\ E. H. Yovmarv
Jtev>. S. S. Gr\jor.
Every man and woman who attends Easter services
would say to me, "Yes, Mr. Moody, I believe Jesus
Christ rose from the dead." But
how many would declare so be
fore the world? Lots of you are
DWIGHT L. MOODY,
EVANGELIST.
what is known to the business
- world as sleeping partners. Si
lent partners are nut the kind the Lord is looking for.
They're the kind that will be looking for the back doors
of heaven. These want to go to heaven, but they
haven't courage to walk up the front way. We talk
these days <>f heroes.
The greatest of obstacles of God's work is cow
ardice. Men lack courage of conviction. God can't use
cowards. A Christian must be a hero, filled full of bat
tle. Of course the world will cry: "There goes a fa
natic."
People condemn excitement in religion. It is only
religious fervor. There is more excitement this day on
Wall street than in a church in twelve months. The
reconcentrados have more to do with war than you or I
— why should we not help them? If we can put ten
thousand bushels of corn in Cuba we will be doing well.
The least we can do is to pray.
We'd better send some money along with our pray
ers. Send it as a pledge of our faith in prayer. There
must be law. When law is established penalty Is sure
to follow. God never attempted to run the universe
without law. The penalty for breaking his law is
death. Jesus Christ went to the tomb to pay this very
penalty for us. God accepted this son as our ransom,
but if we continue to sin we pay a penalty.
I get drunk— my leg is crushed. It must come off to
save my life. God forgave my drunkenness, but he
does not give me a new leg.
See how a man buys a piece of land. People settle
about it and he calls for a hundred times what he gave.
He boasts: "I did that; I made myself a millionaire."
There'll be no hundred per cent made on salvation.
It won't go up in price, but you've got to come down.
God knows every heart.
Be you a mother bowed with sorrow — be you the
patient wife, the troubled father, the sister, the brother
or the loving friend who sends the message to the great
white throne — God is never too busy to listen. Your
voice is never too weak for his ears. You arn't such a
sinner but God can save you. The impossible Is within
his power. Nothing Is too great or too small for his lov
ing hand. He reaches down to the lowest depths to
save the soul weary with sin's burden.
I like to pray with hard cases: with unbelievers and
scoffers. The victory is all the greater and proves the
greatness of my Master's love.
Text, I Cor. xv:3s. "But some man will say, How
are the dead raised up and with what body do they
come?" Whatever may be the
larKer message of Easter, this
question raised by the apostle
becomes the universal problem
of the Christian world. Men in-
REV. WILLIAM RADfcR,
CONGREGATIONALIST.
F.ist in asking about the nature of the resurrection. Im
mortality is a generally accepted fact, but the method
'jt Immortality is a point of controversy. What becomes
Of ur dead? What is the destiny of our mortal bodies
and of our immortal spirits? These are questions which
press their way through Easter lilies and anthems and
ceremonial rejoicings.
When Christ lived and Paul preached the prevailing
belief was that the body would be raised from the dead.
Against this the pagnns railed. They denied the resur
rection of the body. This belief rested upon an old and
well-grounded tradition. It was not confined to the He
brews. The Egyptians baptized and embalmed their
Avid. Taul teaches that the body is not to be raised:
RESURREC
-TION.
As tie sL°w Evening gatherd
a , IN HER GREY.
And o^E clear dtar its ancient
Wr . PATHWAY tr°d_
With L°^<a.L°V CADENCES °F dear '
lAEIARK.DECeNDIN6.LEFT s°/NG
IrtEIARK.DECFNDING.LEFT ITS s°^G
a T*_ I WITH Ood
Abo Peace CAME. like a revere-n
) With far °FF TREA o °PAfURTH
A ad thk° The silver AISTS °f
fi TWILIGHT 3T°LE
WT° tte heart °f ALL . And UPWARD
curl'd;
DWight L. jvloodvj,
Evangelist
that the resurrection is to be spiritual, not physical,
and that out of the decayed organism is to issue a new
life, as the new wheat life springs from the dead grain
in the earth.
Death, to Paul, is evolution; the bursting of the bud
into the flower; a step upward and onward. It is de
velopment. Death, to Paul, is not cessation, but the
evolution of a life. Longfellow voices it in the words:
"There is no death; what seems so is transition."
Topic, "The Greatest Victory of the Ages." Text,
I Cor xv -22. "As in Adam all die, even so in Christ shall
all be made alive." Why must
we die? TVhy cannot man live
like the oak or stand the storms
of fifty centuries like the Sphinx
amid the pyramids of Egypt?
REV. W. A. GARDNER,
CHRISTIAN CHURCH.
The Bible sayß it is because of sin. .
The introduction of sin into the^vorld was Satan's
first victory. He was determined to mar the image of
God in man; to bring sorrow, woe and death to the hu
man race. Death was the devil's greatest helper and
man's greatest dread. Thrones, cities and mighty em
pires were destroyed through his agency. He snatched
the infant from the arms of loving parents and brought
anguish into every home. Just as man was ready to
live death dragged him down to the grave. In the dis
tress of its hopeless environment, humanity cried out,
"O wretched man that I am! who shall deliver me
from the body of this death?" In answer to the cry of
his dying children God sent his son to deliver them.
The devil called to his aid death and determined to de
stroy the Redeemer. He made several fruitless at
tempts, but at last on the cross he hears the dying
groans of his victim, and as the aun is darkened and
the earth riuakes all of his friends of hell shout "Vic
tory!" But the battle is not ended. Jesus had said,
"Destroy this temple and in three days I will raise it
up." On the morning of the third day after his death
a few timid, weeping women are whispering, "Will he
rise?" the wondering angels repeat the question,
"Will he rise?" and the scoffing devils in hell hiss,
"Will he rise?"
Suddenly the earth again quakes, not with sorrow
but with victory. The guards about the grave become
as dead men. The door of the sepulcher opens and the
triumphant king comes forth alive. "Hear, O ye na
tions'. Hear, O ye dead! He rose; he rose; he burst
the bars c-f death and triumphed o'er the grave."
"He is not here; for he is risen, as he said." — Matt.
xxviii:6. Angels announced the birth of our Lord; they
also announced that he .had
risen from the dead as he said
he would rise. There were many
the other Mary saw him alive. He appeared unto fe
ter; unto the two disciples on the way to Emfciaus;
unto ten of the disciples; unto the eleven, Thomas be
ing present; then unto five hundred at one time.
They did not expect his resurrection. The sight of
their eyes compelled belief. Seeing Jesus alive made
them joyful and strong. Convinced of his divinity they
lived and suffered and died In the faith.
Said that great teacher and student of history. Dr.
Arnold of Rugby: "I have been used for many years
to study the history of other times and to examine and
weigh the evidence* of those who have written about
them; and I know of no one fact in the history of man
kind which is proved by better and fuller evidence of
every sort than that Christ died and rose again from
the dead."
THE SAX FRAXCTSCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 10, 1898.
JReV. William JRader. -
JteV. C. E. Locke.
• *
• •
REV. E. A. WOODS,
• BAPTIST.
witnesses of the resurrection of
Christ. Mary Magdalene and
:.., nil. .a 11 . ..,.,..., . 1 i.i>»,» l>.i_
Trie April A°°N,RESURGENt °F ( £
jo THE^.OE DUSK °f THE EXALTED .»-
Ur hEAv'Ns&iife white WIND- Ja *7
C T -FL°WERS,°>ME W°m* \
OO K IN UGHT SLUMBER °/*TiEIK /
w Auiy home k
ItWAS SOSWEETT o 5T oo P6.fEEL JS
*. AR°UND ri
IXai BIADE ADREATHING ff
• t _ LYRE °r LIFE !
Wierew IE. wit© in arias °r s°und
Told smni. nusicj h«w the
tef CREPT W°RLD.RIfE
With scent «r vplet, 6 rwraWE,
' -STREAK.
JmAIND TENDER FINGER !> r
T FRWEACH DEWY 5°D
To Tf\E DEAR OITMST °P CHRYSAUS
\ , 6A°°iH~ \
AND. dusk dtcending .left her \
with God • \
''^^^^P^X ■ •- Bowles •
SERMONS
ftz\K Horatio Stebbins.
Jtev;. E. A. Woods.
Easter day Is the greatest church festival- of the
year, and the mystery it commemorates is the foun
dation truth of Christianity —
the grand proof of it all.
On that day, for the first
time since death came into the
THOMAS GRACE,
BISHOP
OF SACRAMENTO.
world, the grim tyrant was
conquered and conquered in his own stronghold — the
grave. Accustomed to his prey, he had spread his
dark wings over the tomb of Christ and claimed even
him. His boast, hoAvever, was brief, for within that
tomb there lay the body of one who had said by his
prophet, "O death, I Will be thy death," and by an
other prophet lie had represented himself as "Free
among the dead."
Hence at the dawning of the third day of which he
had so often spoken, with power divine he laid aside
the shroud and bands and arose glorious and im
mortal, his glorified body passing through the rock of
the burial cave as light permeates a clear crystal.
Down from heaven came an angel, who rolled back
the great stone from the mouth of the cs,ve and
Bhowed the world that the Savior's tomb was empty on
Easter day.
"He is risen; he is not here." The sweetest con
solation which Christianity affords follows from the
gospel truth.
• • •
In the name of the great resurrection — In the name
of the God of the living, I greet you. How is it with us
every-day plain workingmenln
»busi ness of the world? Do we
often wish with a sigh that
vere better trained when we
j young, and that our pow
ers were out in full and Joyous action, and that we had
treasures of thought and feeling that made us at home
with ourselves and the world? Oh. whom you are, or
wherever, have you not in thoughtful twilight mood,
when memory came home and past experience, heav
enly dove, fluttered gently down to your side— have you
not felt with mingled pain and Joy how much more you
might be than you are, and that your being is. all un
awake, a callow brood of unfledged powers? And does
not every man sometimes feel in view of his undevel
oped faculty that he is a great might-have-been?
1 interpret these things tinged, as they may be,
wlrfc a hue of sadness, not as mere retrospect of melan
choly, but as immortal prophecy.
REy. H. STEBBINS,
UNITARIAN.
O joy, that In our members
Is something that doth live!
The doctrine, the truth, the fact of our immortaJity
Is glorious. It means for each one of us a life of end
less progress and power. It means that the fathers
■who have gone before us live with God, for he is the
God of the living. He is not the God of the dead.
Text, "As in Adam all die, even so in Christ shall all
be made alive."— l Cor. xv:22. The sunshine after the
Bn does not transfigure tho
scape more than the resur
on transfigures the life of
. He is no longer left to
intimations of a future life,
to splendid guesses and faint analogies, but firm and
strong on the basis of incontrovertible facts stands the
resurrection of Jesus Christ and with it the resurrect
tion of man. The resurrection is thus:
REV, S. S. CRYOR,
PRESBYTERIAN.
1. The divine solution of the mystery of death. Next
to God, death is one of the most infinite of mysteries.
For thousands of years it has despoiled God's fair cre
ation and wrought its ruin on man. That a world so
Bishop Jhomas Qrace
of Sacramento.
J^eV. W. y\. Qardner.
fair and noble should be smitten with death; that all
things beautiful should fade and die, is a mystery that
has wrung the heart of man with agony. But death is
to be destroyed, and, though it be the last enemy to be
conquered, its overthrow will be final and complete. It
will not be merely the slaying of an enemy, but the re
taking of lost possessions.
2. The resurrection is also the divine pledge to his
people that nothing shall be lost. The vino that in
Labrador grows only a few inches, when transplanted
to a summer clime shoots forth and bears fruit. The
present life, too meager for our hopes, too fleeting for
our plans, too brief for our ambitions, shall be com
pleted yonder.
3. The resurrection is a divine balm for the sorrow
ing heart. It tells us that death is but a sleep and the
grave only "a dark lattice letting in eternal day." It
tells the believer not to weep as those who have no
hope.
The resurrection of Jesus Christ from the dead is a
fact. Jurists and lawyers, who have taken the trouble
RfcV.W. H.MORELAND,
EPISCOPAL.
resurrection Is convincing and overwhelming. It was
a miracle, we say, but the continuous existence of the
church of Christ based on that fact is a more wonder
ful miracle if the fact itself be disallowed.
The resurrection of Christ makes it certain that
there is no break in the continuity of our existence, in
passing from the earth life to the intermediate life. It
dispels much of the terror with which men regard
death. E. %
• • •
Subject, 'Shall our Easter Lord bring peace or a
sword?" Text, John xx:l9: "Jesus came and stood in
the midst and saith unto them,
Peace be with you." Christ's
words of affectionate greeting
to his disciples on the first tri
umphant Easter Sabbath were
Peace be with you." It was the sublime climax of the
™?,^ commenced by the angelic choirs when they an
nouncea, j^eace on earth; good will toward men "
This newest Easter which the world has seen dawns
upon the world bringing the same sweet messages of
peace of which a radiant cross has been a universal
symbol since the sweeping victory of Mount Calvary
Notwithstanding the pugnacious proclivities of men
and the arbitrament of the sword, steadily has "Peace
be unto you increased its benign constituency
REV. C. E. LOCKE,
METHODIST.
ii ♦ ,* US !f! f true God and tru e man-God from
alleternlty, man from the time of his incarnation. The
divinity of Christ, the only
son of God, is proved to evi
dence by the sacred writings,
chiefly from the testimony of
the Father and the Holy Spirit;
from his own solemn and oft-repeated assertion: from
the statements of his apostles and from his wonderful
miracles, foremost of which is the resurrection.
From the first years of his preaching Christ proph
esied his betrayal, death and resurrection. "The
Son of man. indeed, goeth; he shall be betrayed and
put to death, but on the third day he shall rise again."
"I have power to lay down my life and I have power
to take it up again." This rising from the dead he
marked himself as a sign of the Messiah— and this sign
was known to the Jews and chief priests.
E. H. YOUNAN,
C. S. P.
J^eV. W. H. More I and.
to examine the evidence have
invariably pronounced the ver ■
diet that if this fact is not
proven it is impossible to prove
any fact. The testimony for theEGG ROLLING
on the White House Lawn.
EASTER Monday In Washington
is an event in the lives of the
children which is ahead of any
other day in the year excepting
Christmas and Fourth of July.
Why? Because Easter Monday means
egg-rolling. For many years the little
ones of Washington have congregated
by hundreds of thousands to roll eggs
Easter Monday in the beautiful grounds
surrounding the home of the President
of the nation. There is no sign to keep
off the grass and there are no restric
tions. T%e children own the place. The
green grass of the White House lawns
Is covered with children, children in
numerable, rolling eggs on the grassy
slopes.
If the day is pleasant It is a sight to
be remembered. The children have been
looking forward to the festival for days
and weeks and gre~t has been their
anticipation. But genuine is the sorrow
and many the tears among the little
ones if Easter Sunday should be cold
and rainy with promise of a bad Mon
day. Yet no weather has ever been so
bad as to keep every one away from the
White House grounds on egg-rolling
day. There are many hardy little spirits
who will not be daunted by snow or
cold or rain when it comes to rolling
eggs.
But if the day is pleasant and the air
balmy and the turf warm and green,
what a time the children have. Such
games as they invent to be played with
their eggs — rames of infinite variation
and containing infinite amusement. The
grounds 100., more like a juvenile fair
than anything else— an egg fair and
the biddy hens around Washington
must needs have been very diligent for
many days before. If the day is fair,
too, the glorious Marine Band, the
finest band in the country, plays sweet
music and the children dance and gam
bol to its strains. Truly it is children's
day in Washington.
By 9 o'clock in the morning the
grounds are actually taken possession
of by the youngsters, little kids with
wicker baskets and vari-colored eggs,
wonderful eggs of green and blue and
red and purple and gold and then eggs
of lorely combination, and with beauti
ful figures, uch as would make a wise
hen cock her head on one side and
wonder greatly what had happened to
her plain white eggs.
All sorts and conditions of children
find their way to the President's
grounds to enjoy an Easter Monday.
Some of the children are beautifully
dressed in silks and laces and have
French nurses to watch o cr them and
carry their eggs for them, while other
little ones are dressed In very shabby
garments with elbows out and toes
peeping from their little shoes. They
perhaps have only three or four plainly
colored eggs boiled in a piece of purple
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 10, 1898.
or red calico. Mo T^rench nurses accom
pany them, carrying eggs with gilt
pictures, but they can roll their eggs
and themselves on the green grass and
soil their frocks and trousers to their
hearts' content and they will enjoy the
holiday as much as their more for
tunate companions. Usually the moth
ers of these little men and women come
with them, tired-faced women, per
haps, looking as though it had been
many a long day since they had en
joyed such a time. Here and there are
little groups of mothers and older sis
ters, talking together pleasantly, but
keeping watchful eyes to see that the
little ones do not get lost in the crowd
or stray too far away.
It is a good-natured crowd. The big
policemen standing around possess no
terror for the little ones on egg-rolling
day. They know that all big policemen
are for on Easter is to keep big reople
from interfering with little ones who
are rolling eggs. And when the little
people get lost now and then the big
policemen are there to t.ke them In
charge and tell them not to cr - until
their mothers or sisters find them
again. And there are great rivalries
among the children. Some of them ara
regular little gamblers. One little fel
low gets hold of a very hard egg- and he
goes around pecking eggs with his ac
quaintances or acquaintances he finds
and wins their eggs from them until
finally he strikes some <->tv.f>r little fel
low who has a harder egg than his, and
then he loses a lot of eggs.
And some of the little rascals gamble
pn what is a sure thing, with a china
egg, sized and painted to resemble a
genuine egg. or with a hen's epg run
full of plaster of paris they will go
around, and. of course, win all the eegs
they contest for, until some sharp fel
low finds out the game they are play-
Ing. As the day advances and the chil
dren get hungry the peanut man and
the popcorn man and the candy man at
the gates do a thriving business, while
at noon many are the little groups un
der the trees, sittin- around on blan
kets and shawls and eating lunches, for
they are making a regular -icnic of it
and staying all day.
President Harrison's two gTandehil
dren witnessed, with great enjoyment,
the egg-rolling, from the porch of the
White House fncing toward the Wash
ington monAm^nt and looking past and
across the Potomac to Arlington, the
former home of General Lee, but where
now are spread the silent tents of a
vast host of the Unicn army who have
parsed across to the great beyond.
President Cleveland's two little girls,
Ruth and Esther, were real little dem
ocrats. They took their own eggs and
went out among the crowd of happy
children, and they roiled eggs with the
other children, as common clay as their
associates, not the children of the Pres
ident of the United States, but the chil
dren of an American citizen. Perhaps
a little extra watch was kept over
them, but they didn't know it and they
thought that Easter Monday was the
happiest day of their little lives.
There was a time, however, when the
children of Washi: ton did not roll
eggs in the President's grounds. Not
that they did not roll eggs, though, oh
no! They have always rolled eggs on
Easter Monday. But "they used to roll
them in the Capitol grounds, down the
steep terrace which was on the west
front of the Capitol. Then there came
a time when the Capitol grounds were
changed and a big flight of steia* were
built where the terrace used to be, and
somebody objected to the children
romping on the smooth grass of the big
sward and rolling their eggs.
General Hayes was President then,
and he heard of it, and how disappoint
ed the children were because they had
no place to roll their eegs that year,
and he said: "Why let them roll their
eggs on the White House grounds and
enjoy themselves." And thus it has
been ever since, from year to year.
Easter service in Washington calls'to
the minds of some of the oldest inhabi
tants, the Easter Sundays before the
war, when Sunday service was held in
the National Hall of Congress. ,
The Rev. W. 11. Milburn, the blind
chaplain of the United States Senate,
remembers the time well, for he has
himself preached in that hall on Easter
Sunday. Dr. Milburn's service in the
Government dates back, perhaps, far
ther than that of any man now occu
pying a public position. Before John
Sherman, now the venerable Secretary
of State, came to Congress: before old
Senator Morrill, once a leader in that
body, but now bent and feeble, and be
fore hosts of others who have grown
gray in the Government harness, en
tered upon their -first official duties,
Doctor Milburn opened the Senate
each morning with his prayer of thanks
to God and his plea for almierhty pro
tection and guidance in the conduct of
the affairs of the nation.
Fifty-two years ago it was when he
rric'ide his first prayer on such an occa
sion. That was when the Capitol build
ing presented a far different appear
ance from the Capitol of to-day. That
was before the massive wings of white
marble were added and when the Sen
ate met in the room now occupied by
the Supreme Court, and the House of
Representatives in the Statuary Hall—
the old Hall of Representatives where
Easter service was celebrated.
There were two chaplains, just as
now, one for the Senate and one for the
House, but they exchanger] duties, so
that each body of Congress had, at dif
ferent times, the services of each chap
lain. Then, too. in those old clays the
curious custom prevailed of keeping the
Senate clock ten minutes ahoad of the
House clock, thereby enabling one
chaplain to open both houses of Con
gress, first officiating at the House and
then going to the Senate and making
its opening prayer. Thus ono chnplain
could take a long vacation, and return
ing. aJlow his colleague a like privilege.
"Yes, there have been great changes
in the nation,"' said Doctor Milburn,
shaking me by the hand and looking
directly at me with his sightless eye*
balls, "great changes since the time
when I first officiated as chaplain of
the Senate of the United States. in
those days, each Sunday in the Hall of
Representatives, one of the chaplains
held reeular Christian service and no
minister preached to more distinguished
congregations. Senators, members,
heads of departments and even Presi
dents w^re frequent or regular attend
ants. Many a noted public man was
found in his seat on Sunday morning as
promptly and regularly as during the
remaining six days of the week.
I well remember that John Quincy
Adams was always present. Great and
distinguished iand attentive w^re
the congregations. This custom,
however, of holding Sunday ser
vice in the Capitol was discon
tinued during the War of the Rebellion.
The new wings of the Capitol were
completed at this time and the Sen
ate and the House moved into their ele
gant and commodious quarters, and
with the move the custom of Sunday
service died.
"I well remember, too, my first Easter
service in the Capitol — over half a
century ago; and a half century such
as the world has never before seen; a
half century in which the nation has
made greater progress in many ways
than all the rest of her life. Let us
hope the most of it has been for the
good of the world and Christianity.
"You wish me to say something ;)hout
Easter. Well, there Is much we know
about it and much we do not. The
subject and the various customs con
nected with it are involved in so many
ancient traditions and legends that
much Easter lore approaches very near
to the domain of mythology and fairy
tales. There are several events which
are celebrated by the people of different
lands at about the same time, and ob
servances have become somewhat
mixed.
"Easter Sunday, commemorative of
the resurrection of Jesus from the
tomb,- is in many respects the most im
portant as it is the most beautiful «^f
the festivals of the Christian churcff.
You will see by a prayer-book that
Easter is always celebrated on the first
Sunday following the full moon which
happens next after March 21.
If the full moon occurs on Sunday.
Easter Is the following Sun lay.' The
manner of thus ~g the time for the
celebration was only settled after a
long controversy in the early centuries,
which caused great feeling.
"The celebrat. m of the feast of the
Passover and that of Easter have been
practically merged into one. It is only
a coincidence that the Jewish Passover
festival and the Christian Easter fall
on or about the same date. In the
French 'Paques,' the Italian 'Pasqua'
and the Spanish 'Pasena.' all meaning
'Easter, 1 we have an unbroken lineage
to the Hebrew 'Pesach.' or 'Passover.'
We have the historical fact that Christ
was crucified at the feast of the Pass
over. A. D. 32.
"Now came the first trouble in the
observance of anniversaries. The first
generation of Christians, having been
members of the Jewish church, nat
urally continued ,to observe the Jewish
festival, although it now contained a
new meaning- for them, and they made
it commemorate ,n actual event rather
than a shadow or promise. In this
somewhat changed and modified per
petuation of the Jewish Pesach, or
Passover, Easter was then called the
Paschal Feast. The death and resurrec
tion of Christ were, of course, settled
points, lut the date upon which the
event was to be observed was not flnal
ly fixed without a long and bitter
struggle. The Jewish Christians
thought that the observance of Easter
should be immediately following the
anniversary of the exact date of the
Passover, without regard to the date
of the week or month. The Gentiles,
however, knew that Christ had risen on
Sunday, and they held that, therefore,
Sunday should be celebrated as the
resurrection festival, without regard to
the date of the month. The church of
Rome, in 147 --\. D.. decided in favor of
holding the observance on Sunday.
"But there still remained the more
difficult question as to what particular
Sunday should be celebrated, and this
point was not settled for several hun
dred years. Easter Is not a fixed fes
tival like Christmas. Sometimes It
conies in April and sometimes in
March, depending on the date of the
full moon following the vernal equi
nox. It was necessary, in addition to
securing its general observance by all
churches, to have its time exactly ob
tainable, as upon its occurrence de
pends all the movable church feast
and fast days through the year. The
nine Sundays previous and the eight
Sundays following Easter are all de
pendent upon it.
"Like many other questions of creed
and religion which were finally fixed
and about which we do not now have
to bother, it was the cause of great
trouble and bitterness of feeling in the
early centuries. I may not perhaps
be very generally known that there
are millions of people in Eastern Eu
rr—•> nnd Asln nnd Africa who are de
vout •Christians — as devout, as any in
the world, but. -who do not agree with
the Roman and Protestant Christians
upon a point of creed which, though
a comparatively minor consideration,
separates them almost as widely as
are Christians from pagans.
"These people of whom I speak in
clude the followers of the Greek
Church, or the Eastern Church. In
the early centuries, when the center of
Christianity was first at Jerusalem,
and. after the destruction of that city,
at Alexandria, Egynt, there was but
one Christian church. Later, however,
a discussion arose as to the power of
the Pon of God. One faction contended
that the Son and Father had equal
power: the oTher that the Father was
all-powerful. Over these two conten
tions ultimately arose strifes and
struggles and fip^lh- -»at wars.
VUY E. MITCHELL.
1920
TRAINING HORSES TO FIGHT I N OUR CAVALRY AND ARTILLERY
WITH all this talk of war prep
arations It seems strange
that so little has been said
or written about that most
Important adjunct of our
military, the cavalry, j-. 1 should the
seat of war be Cuba the cavalry would
really play a very important part in
the fighting. Therefore it is Interesting
to know just how our gallant troopers
are getting themselves in readiness.
The horse is just as much a part of
the army as the man who rides and
guides him. And when he Joins the
army he has to be thoroughly recon
structed. We have heard a great deal
of late about making big guns and buy
ing warships and turning out projec
tiles and strengthening our fortifica
tions, but never a word about breaking
in horses for the cavalry. Go out to the
Presidio or any other Government post
if you want to see how superbly the
animals render themselves in practice
work.
The animals, you know, must be
thoroughly trained in war tactics. The
greatest patience is necessary in this
operation, and as each army post
breaks its own horses, one man con
nected with each post, who is specially
fitted for the work is assigned to that
duty. A man who is liable to lose his
temper could never train an army
horse in a thousand years. It requires
the greatest tact and perseverance.
Those of you who have seen a mod
ern cavalry drill must realize to a cer
tain extent the amount of patience re
quired in breaking in a horse for that
sort of work. The animal must not
only learn to stand steady under fire
and in the midst « f flashing sabers, but
he must know how to turn at just the
right moment when the bridle is hang
ing loose over his mane, how to lie
down and get up and a score of other
minor details which are combined in
his complete education.
And all of this must be drilled into
him slowly, patiently and by degrees.
For. according to an authority on the
! subject, a horse has really very little
natural Intelligence. The expression
"horse sense" consequently loses much
of Its significance.
A Presidio otlicer, In speaking of the
horse the other day, said: "A horse has
no sense. That is. very few of them
have. They are essentially creatures of
habit. Once you make them under
stand -what is expected of them, and
make them realize that they must do
ttiat thing, and they will never forget
it."
That is the whole secret of breaking
horses for the cavalry.
The horses are brought raw from the
West. Your cavalryman would rather
have an animal that has never felt the
weight of a saddle, for he claims the
raw material is better in the lonp run
for his purpose than the civilized pro
duct.
Upon bis arrival at the nrmy post the
new recruit is stabled with the other
horses. fl" is probably travel sick
from the effects of his long ride on the
oars. The first thing to do is to get
him in good physical shape and make
him feel at home amid his new sur
roundings. He is shy. and everything is
strange to him. lie is just like a new
boy at school.
After he has been thoroughly rested
he is taken out into the paddock some
morning and given his first lesson in
cavalry tactics. The initial instruction
is in kneeling and lying down. In or
der to make him understand what is
required of him a simple arrangement
of harness is used.
A surcingle is placed around his belly,
to which are attached two iron rings,
one underneath and one at the horse's
back. Straps containing rings are also
placed about each foreleg just above
the hoof, and another strap is placed
about the head just above the nose. The
officer in cljarge is supplied with two
long ropes, by moans of which the horse
is rendered quite at the mercy of his
instructor.
One rope is fastened to the ring on
the right leg, extends up through the
ring on the surcingle under the horse's
belly down to the ring on the left leg
and back again through the surcingle
ring. The other end of the rope is held
by the officer. The minute the horse
begins to show a fractious spirit a
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, STTKPAY, APRIL 10, 1898.
! strong pull on the rope brings him
down on his knees.
The other rope passes on the right
side of the horse from the ling just
above the nose to that in the surcingle
:at the horse's back. A pull on this
' brings the animal's head around close
I to the right shoulder, and he is power-
I less. A pull on both ropes at once
' will cause him to lose his equilibrium,
' and down he comes on his left side.
A few repetitions of this, admlnis
j tered in such a way as to demonstrate
| to the horse that he is entirely at the
i mercy of the trainer, and the first les
i son is over. The horse is taken back
• to his stable, often without the stroke
of a whip. In some instances, how
! ever, it is found necessary to apply the
; lash with discretion.
The next step is to mount him. A
light snaffle bridle is adjusted, and
while the horse is on the ground the
officer hands the ropes holding the anl
mal in check to one of his men. Then
they are slackened, and as the horse
attempts to struggle to his feet the of
ficer leaps on his back.
With a snort of surprise the equine
recruit jumps and rears. Another pull
on the ropes and down he comes again
to the turf, the trainer leaping from
him as he falls. He lies there tremb
ling; a few softly spoken words, a gen
tle caress, and it is tried all over again.
Finally, the pupil, who has previously
learned to realize that he is powerless,
gets used to the weight on his back
and doesn't mind it.
The greatest shock to his nerves is
yet in store for his horseship. This is
in getting accustomed to firearms.
While the animal is down on the ground
i the officer takes a pistol and fires it
i close to his ear. Then in rapid order
! he fires the weapon over his back, un
der his neck, between his legs, any
where that an opening presents itself
during the horse's futile struggles. Not
until he sinks back exhausted, all
a-tremble and showing the whites of
{ his eyes does the pistol practice cease.
After two or three lessons of this
I kind it is considered safe to mount him
! with a bridfe furnished with a curb bit.
1 Up to this time the horse has never
felt a curb. The light snaffle is still
retained and the curb bridle is only
given a gentle pressure at first— Just
enough to let him know that it Is there.
Gradually the strength of the pull is
increased, and with this safeguard the
horse is taught to stand fire from ais
rider's pistol or carbine.
i In carbine practice the horse must be
thoroughly broken, as both hands are
required in using this weapon, whereas
with the pistol the rider may retain the
bridle with one hand.
Then comes saber practice, and that
is another trial tQ the horse. Again is
he thrown to the ground, and he prob
ably can't understand why he should
have to suffer this indignity all over
again, for he has learned that lesson
very well. But when the bright blade
of the saber, with quick thrusts flash
ing before his eyes and cutting the air
in close proximity to his ears, appears
to him, he is again terror stricken.
But the lesson he has learned from
the smell of gunpowder stands him in
good stead, and he soon gets over his
fear. And even with a man on his back
and another mounted on a seasoned
horse coming at him with saber raised
in the air or slashing left and right, he
knows that it is all a part of his educa
tion and something to be expected. So
he stands his ground or cavorts about
the other horse, while the two troopers
indulge in th^ir saber practice.
With his instructions in jumping, the
new recruit's education is nearly com
pleted. He is drilled in what is known
as large jumping, that is to say, he 19
placed in a shoot, with two high fences
converging toward a gate. He is still
kept in check by a long rope, held by a
man outside the fence.
Two other men run at his flanks with
whips, and in - Jer to escape the lash
he is bound to jump. If he does not go
over clear, the rails are tied up. and at
the next attempt he comes a cropper
on the tan bark, landing in a heap.
The next time, with the whips behind
and the fear of another fall before him,
he clears the bars like a bird.
After a little practice of this sort, the
horse knows just what he has got to do,
and then a man mo .ts him. With the
extra weight the jump is made lower,
and he eventually takes his final degree
as a full-fledged cavalry horse.
WAR SIGNS IN THE STARS.
Our Country's Horoscope Says There Will Be Peace.
THE oldest of sciences is prob
ably astrology. No other can
boast such an illustrious list of
names among its believers and
exponents. It was the favorite
study among the Egyptian
priests in the days of Pharaoh and
Rameses; we are told that Moses
taught and professed it, independently
of the gift of prophecy.
Solomon did not consider himself too
! wise to learn from the astrologers, and
1 David owed his escape from Saul, at
i the time when the latter was coming
i to besiege him in Keilal, to their ad
| vice. The Magi, or wise men, of the
! Persians were astrologers, and the re
. markable future which the science
; foretold for the youthful Mohammed
j (which was fully realized) made it a
I religious institution among the fol
l lowers of the prophet of Mecca,
So much for the past of astrology.
1 Most persons, no doubt, believe that it
!is to-day an obsolete science. Such is
| not the case. There are at present in
i New York City nearly a dozen as
j trologers, soothsayers, star readers or
j horoscope casters, as they variously
I elect to call themselves. There are
others scattered about in various parts
of the country, and altogehter the pro
fession seems to be in a flourishing
and prosperous condition.
It certainly is not without its devo
tees. The headquarters of the best
known New York astrologer is lo
cated in one of the Park row sky
scrapers. This seer occupies a suite
of offices equipped with desks, type
writers, telephone and all 'the para
phernalia of the modern business es
tablishment. A procession of clients
keeps this astrologer busy all day
long.
Astor, for this is the astrologer's
name, does not look like an exponent of
ancient occultism. He has a business
j like manner and might easily be mis
taken for a broker or a lawyer. There
is no suggestion of hidden mysteries
| about his workshop; ev.rything is
I plain, modern and commonplace.
The spectacle afforded by the seer
dictating the mystic lore of 5000 years
I ago to a modern graphophone may
seem a trifle incongruous, but it merely
goes to show that astroloe^, as prac
ticed at the present time, is strictly up
to date.
One of the business uses to which his
skill is put was shown by the recent
city election in Philadelphia. One of
the candidates for the City Council was
a Mr. Byram. On looking over the
firround. after hia nomination. Byram
made up his mind that the chances
were against his election. He decided
t<> work a new wrinkle. So he called
in the services of astrology, and during
the remainder of the campaign his ac
tions were under he constant direction
of the planets favorable o his cause.
Byram was elected. The politicians of
the Quaker city were willing to fight
.such ordinary evices as jobs, deals and
combinations, but when it came to
bucking against the stars in their
courses they gave up the battle.
With this imposing array of prece
dents, from Moses of Palestine to By
ram of Philadelphia, it is interesting to
know what answer astrology gives to
the absorbing question of the day: Will
there be war between Spain and the
United States? This problem was pre
sented for the consideration of Astor a
few days ago.
After carefully studying the existing
astrological situation the prophet con
structed the accompanying "war map "
which clearly proves to the initiated
that, while there is considerable vexa
ASTROLOGICAL WAR MAP OF THE UNITED STATE* '
tlous trouble in store for Ppain and the
United States, .hich may lead even to
a "clash of arms," there will be no war.
To those who are not familiar with
the symbols of astrology the diagram
may seem a trifle obscure, and a word
or two of explanation is necessary.
Briefly, the astrologer bases his" pre
dictions on the positions which the
different planets occupy at a given
time in the belt of the Zodiac. Each of
the planets indicates a certain tendency
which may be favorable or otherwise.
Likewise each of the twelve signs of
the Zodiac relates to certain subjects.
When the relations and influences of
the different members of the two
groups are known the prediction be
comes a comparatively simple mat
ter.
The reckoning is made from the sign
Aries, which stands, in the present In
stance, for the United States. Spain
is represented by Gemini, which, in
spite of some disturbance, is governed
by distinctly peaceful influences. This
indicates that Spain, however she may
bluster, is really anxious to preserve
peace, and will endeavor to do so. The
governing powers of the United States,
on the othsr hand, are symbolized by
Capricornus, which has at present a
decidedly bellicose attitude, with Mars
in the ascendant."THESE THREE WOMEN ARE THE MOST BEAUTIFUL TYPES OF
LOVELY WOMANHOOD IN FRANCE. ENGLAND AND AMERICA".---Carolus Duran.
Carolus Duran, the Great French Painter, Who Has Just Come to This Country, Declares That the Typical Beauties of America, France and
England Are Miss Jennie Leiter of Chicago, Comptesse Pourtates and the Countess of Warwick.
CAROLUS DURAN, the great
French painter, who has come
over here to immortalize the
features of our American beau
tiea on canvas at from $3000 to
116,000 a canvas, has declare.: it the
throe typical beauties of Ami-r: ■>, Eng
land and France are, respectively,
Miss Nannie Letter of Chicago, the
Countess of Warwick of England and
the Comt< urtalea of France.
He does not say that they are the
LUtiful women in the world,
but that they are the most beautiful
women he has painted. As he has for
nearly thirty years devoted his talent
to transferring to canvas the great
ladies of Europe and those fair Ameri
who have visited Paris and could
afford to pay his prices, his judgment
is not to be despised.
When the New York reporters who
Interviewed him secured this modern
Judgment of Paris from him he gave
also a long list of beautiful women
whom he has painted. Among them he
mentioned Mrs. Will Crocker, whose
full length portrait was accorded the
place of honor at the Loan Exhibition
of Portraits held at the Mark Hopkins
Institute of Art two or three years ago.
Put she is not one of the three t >■ ; ■ i • lI
beauties whose portraits we here re
produce.
Miss Nannie Leiter, to whom the
great French painter has assigned the
honor of representing the land of lib
erty in this trio of national beauties, is
the second daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
L. Z. Leiter of Chicago. She has but
recently made her debut In Washing
ton, and though her beauty has
brought the young men of the national
capital sighing to her feet, she herself
is as yet one of the happy women who
have no history.
The Leiters, hi ..-ever, are sufficiently
remarkable to make up for -liss Nan
nie's present comparative insignifi
cance. The old gentleman mad" his
money in dry goods and in real estate
ppeculation In Chicago, and when his
eldest daughter was of an are to come
out his spouse assail ~d the citadels of
New York. P.u her millions could not
batter down the gates of i's exclusive
ness, so she hied herself and her daugh
ter to Washington and was soon in the
thick of I*.
Then her eldest daughters beauty,
for Miss Mary Leiter is one of the
handsomest women America has pro
duced, began to have its effect on New
Yorkers visiting the capital, and the re
sult was a Newport season which grave
her the entree to New York's holy of
holies.
As for the male side of the family,
young Jo- Leiter is keeping its end up
by bis tremendous dealings In the Chi
wheat pit. Just how many mil
of dollars he is ahead now It
I he hard to say, but his transac
tions will be an event in the history of
vi finance.
tnd'B representative beauty, the
of Warwick, was born in 1861,
nsequently well on toward her
Neverthele; she is one
c most beautiful women in the
I She has the exquisite skin and
freph complexion that have always been
From
Photographs
of
Famous
Paintings
of the
Beauties
by
Carolus Durciia,
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 10, 1898.
CAROLUS DURAN.
England's boast, tne regular and clean*
cut features that bespeak highborn an<
cestry, eyes of the purest violet hue,
and her head is crowned with masses
of chestnut hair.
When at the age of twenty she made
her debut in English society, the heir*
ess to a fortune of $150,000 a year, in-*
herited from her grandfather, the last
Viscount Maynard. Mayfair declared
she had chosen well when she bestowed
her hand en Lord Brooke, heir to the
Earl of Warwick. The late Duke of
Albany was Lord Brooke's best man,
and his elder brother, the Prince of
Wales, was among those who signed
the marriage resriste'
It will perhaps surprise many of oup
American beautfea to learn that th«
woman whom the great painter selects
as the representative French beauty,
was a belle of the second empire more
than thirty years ago. When Mile. Me
lanie de Brussac made her debut in
Parisian society she at once assumed
a place as a social star of the first
magnitude, and to-day, as the Com
tesse de Pourtales. she shares with the
Princess de Sagaa the leadership o£
Parisian society. Her dictatorship In
all matters pertaining to dress has been
acknowledged since, some twenty-odd
years ago, she'introdu ed the fashion
of wearing shoi i dresses. This she did
at a ball to which she invited her fair
friends to come in gowns that cleared
the floor. The effect was 1 rdly pleas
ing—though it led one Parisian wit to
remark that he had never seen so many,
pretty feet before in his life. The Com
tesse soon revived the vogue of trains
on ball ( wns. though she continued to
use the short skirt with her other cos
tumes.
Mme. de Pourtal' s was a great friend
of the Empress Eugenic, air when the
latter escaped to England through the
assistance of Dr. l]vans, the famous
American dentist who died a few;
months ago, it was throuj,"i the diplo
matic skill of Mme. de Pourtales that
many personal trinkets she had left be
hind in the hurry of her flight wer«
restored to her.
2122
THE DUEL IN THE AIR
A TALE OF ALASKA
From the Dyea Goldhunter, March 80. 1898.
DASHED TO THEIR DEATHS.
Frightful Fate of Two Packers Who Fought
a Duel on the Cliffs Above the Pass.
9KAGVAY. via Seattle. March 28, 1398.-The
lonp lino of packers parsing over the trial this
morning were appalled and horrified at one of the
most thrilling ami awful sights that have yet been
witnessed in this land of startling incidents and
For* one solW hour two men of powerful pjtar-
Blque fought a frightful battle on the brink of a
precipice two thousand feet above the seething
water* In the canyon below. On a narrow path
carved from the mountain side, scarcely wide
e-.iough for two to pass, the two men met and
fought tike fiends in plain view of the hundreds of
nun who lined the trail on both sides of the sum
mit as far an the eye could reach.
They clinched ami with arms of steel each hem
the other In death's grapple. In a frenzied struggle
they neared the outer edge of the trail and swayed
upon Its brink until strong, sturdy men along the
line grow sick at the sight and tumi-d their heads
away. "My God," cried one man way down tho
trail "why don't some one separate them?"
No one paid any attention to him; all eyes were
riveted on the two swaying figures, a gnm silhouette
against the Arctic sky. No one tried to reach tnem,
no one dared, no one could. Strong hearts stopped
beating, brave, fearless men shuddered, but the
light went on.
The suspense was awful. No hand moved, no
voire was raised, save now and then wfien a groan
went down the lino as the two men would balance
on the brink of the precipice, and then fall back
■gainst the Inner wall of the trail again.
Suddenly the form of one was lifted in the air
by his adversary. The latter, with a prim, exultant
smile, moved toward the edge, cautiously balancing
the the dangling form of his foe above his head.
Nearer and nearer he approached the brink of the
yawning chasm, and as if. to make one final effort
he leaned far back, and, as he did so, a clump of
earth broke away from the outer rim of the trail,
point' grnvel stones flew Into the air. an awful oath
broke the dead silence, and the two men fell head
long Into the abyss below.
A little way beyond their packs were fo.und. and
from all the evidences gathered It was established
beyond a doubt that the two men had deliberately
repaired to the fatal spot to fight their duel. The
cause of the Quarrel could not be ascertained.
• • • * *
PARJ I.
On a bright, crisp morning during the month of
October, IS6T. the folds of a Russian flag rose and fell
In the sky above Alaska. At the foot of the staff from
which this tlag was hung a Russian soldier stood on
guard. Just back of -where this soldier was stationed
tm the side of the hill which makes a gentle slope to
the pea, and at the foot of which the town of Sitka
lies, there stood In wonderment a little band of Alaska
Indians.
They were not of one breed, but a mingled lot of
many tribal fragments, as it were, of the once great
and powerful hyperborean group.
Their chief, Pon-a-wauk by name, was Indeed a
magnificent model of his once magnificent race. He
belonged to the tribe of the Koniagas. who formerly
occupied the extreme western territory of Alaska
bordering on Bering Sea. Their close proximity to the
shores «»f Siberia brought about the mingling of their
blood with that of the Russian inhabitants residing in
that portion of the Russian Empire. This In turn
brought about a speedy obliteration of the original
race, leaving only traces of them here and there. Don
a-wa.uk was a fair sample of that mixture, his mother
being a full-blo«nied Koniaga, his father a Russian
trader, or promishlenik. belonging to that sturdy class
of navigators who were first to open up the fur trade
in Alaska. Don-a-wauk, as his speech will show, was
a "Mission Indian"; in other words, an educated In
dian, one who had not only mastered the English
language, but who hart studied and acquired the power
of graceful and vigorous speech. He was Instinct
ively an orator. His voice, manner, gesture, intona
tion and expression of face contributed to that strange
force which captivates and sinks every uttered word
into the heart.
Don-a-wauk's early environments had much to do
no doubt in bringing nut this latent passion for flowery
words, which came to him naturally from his Asiatic
ancestors.
Advancing from the group of Indians with a slow
and deliberate step, Don-a-wauk approached the
Russian guard and said: "Why are all these flags
floating? Why are these many soldiers here? Why
does the (Governor chief pack his belongings?"
The guard made no reply. "You will not speak?
You wi'l not answer my questions? Why? Why will
you not speak? My people would like to know. I,
their chief, would like to know what this all means?"
The unbending soldier still made no reply, so
Don-a-wauk returned to the Indians on the side of
the hill and from his manner ajid gesture It was plain
to be seen that he was very indignant at the treat
ment accord*nl him by the soldier.
As he was thus engaged In explaining the Incivil
ity of the Russian soldier to his group of Indians an
officer of the United States army appeared. It waa
lieutenant Clifford Coffin of Company F, Xinth In
fantry, U. S. A. Following him came the corporal of
the same company, carrying under his arm a neatly
tied bundle, which upon being opened proved to b»j
an American flag. After an exchange of salutes with
the Russian soldier. Lieutenant Coffin fastened the
flag to the double halliard which was attached to the
staff and at the other end of which floated the colors
of the Czar. After making a careful examination of
the ropes, and surveying with passing scrutiny the
surroundings, Lieutenant Coffin again saluted the
IN THE FRENZIED STRUGGLE THEY NEARED THE OUTER EDGE OF THE TRAIL AND SWAYED UPON THE BRINK OF THE PRECIPICE.
By Judson Brusie.
Russian soldier and was about to retire, when Don-a
wauk approached him. and put the same questions to
him that he had asked the Russian. To this the lieu
tenant's reply in substance was that there was noth
ing of any consequence about to occur, and the officer
started to go.
Don-a-wauk intercepted him and* said: "But I
know there is something. Red Legglns came to the
mountains and told me. I left my berries and llsh
and game and traveled in my canoe all night. Rod
L,eggins tells me that three men, high among your
people, three strong men of your tribe, have had
many meetings at the Governor's castle. They have
ccunciled many days. They have signed many pa
pers. These iron monsters have suddenly appeared
in our peaceful harbor. Many armed soldiers have
come among us. My people would like to know what
it all means? I, their chief, would like to know.'
"As I said before," replied the lieutenant, "there
Is nothing of great importance about to occur. Alaska
has been sold, that is all, and this day has been set for
the transfer."
"Alaska sold?"
"Yes."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 10, 189 S.
Don-a-wauk stood motionless and silent. Corx \
pletely absorbed ift the thoughts which were crowd
in!; his mind he looked far out at sea. Now and then
he repeated to himself: "Alaska sold?"
* • • • •
J>ART 11.
Some time during the year IS6O Baron O ran off,
who was the Russian Governor of Alaska, journeyed
to St. Petersburg fur the purpose of laying before the
Czar the necessity of committing a larger number of
exiles and convicts to Alaska that they might be em
ployed in the construction of wharves, forts, other
improvements and fortifications of the Territory.
It was about this time that Iskander Hertzen, one
of the leading spirits of the society of anarchists
known as Decembrists, flourished and exercised
a great Influence among his followers. Among them
was Louise Solovleff, sister of Ivan Solovieff, who at
tempted the life of the Czar in 1879 by thrice firing
at him from behind the gates which led to the palace.
While there appeared no outward manifestations
of this society until 1566, when Tchernishevsky was
arrested and Hertzen fled to London, they were nev
ertheless subjected to the strictest surveillance, and
one evening in the month of October, 1860, their place
of meeting was raided by the officers of the Czar, and
among the persons taken wa.s Louise Solovieff.
The next day when Louise appeared before the
Commissioner of Police, Byon Oranoff was present.
She was young and beautiful then, so beautiful,
Indeed, that when she entered the room of the Com
missioner the baron looked upon her with eager and
covetous eyes.
The baron stood well at the court of Alexander
11, and when a few days afterward he suggested to
the Emperor that Louise Solovieff would be much
safer in Alaska than Siberia the Czar pretended to
see the force of the suggestion, and when the ship
that carried the baron back to his castle at Sitka left
the port of Odessa, on the third day of November,
1860, Louise Solovieff was among the list of exiles and
convicts transported. to Alaska.
For a time Louise resented the proffered and pro
fessed affection of the baron, but after a while sh»
softened toward him, became reconciled to her fate"
and, yielding to the force of an unalterable destiny'
she consented to the liaison.
A year went by, and she bore him a son, a bright
little fellow, just turning six at the commencement
of this narrative. She called him Ivan, after her
brother, and while the baron did not relish the Idea
of a son of his carrying the nan.. °' » ?•£«, "„■£
the mother's choice of a name. educa-
She had taken her departure in July, and her little
son Ivan attended her. n^nsfon that
It was during her absence on this occasion that
an event followed which forever destroyed tlie^ooir
woman's happiness. It came about as fo ,llo«s. W£en
Commodore Rogers, in 1854, divided his forces and
.carried on his explorations among the Aleutian Is
and« the coast of Kamschatka and the Arctic
Scan north of the Bering Strait. Captain Prim , from
Portland. Maine, was assigned to the waters of the
far north. In the fall of that year, his ship was
wrecked, and but for a tribe of Indians along the
northern coast he and his crew would certainly have
Per d pon-a-tauk was the name of their chief and
he had a daughter, 11-la-hie by name. a most beau
tiful and charming creature. Captain Prim havng
shared with the chief his lodge until the following
spring grew very fond of 11-la-hie, and 11-la-hie grew
very fond of him. At his request, and by the consent
of the chief, she accompanied him to one of the mis
sions along the southern coast, where she attended
school. Later on she entered a convent in Canada,
and grew to be a most accomplished woman. Subse
quently she became the wife of Captain Prim, and
bore him a son. Their home foT a year past had been
at Sitka. The captain, who was now in the employ
of the Government of the United States, had gone on
an exploration of the interior of Alaska, and during
his absence his wife made the acquaintance of Baron
Oranoff. The result of that acquaintance can best be
told in the following continuation of this story.
As Don-a-wauk stood with his back to the side of
the hill and his face to the sea he did not notice
the approach of Louise. She called him twice, but he
did not answer. She then hurried past the Russian
guard, who had stood all of this time apparently ob
livious to the passing incidents around him, and gently
laid her hand upon Don-a-wauk's shoulder.
"Louise!" he exclaimed in astonishment.
"Yes," she replied, "I returned this morning ; tell
me, Don-a-wauk, what does this all mean?"
"Sold like dogs," answered he. ■ "
"What do you mean?" „'
"Mean! We are Indians, dogs, convicts— «
sold."
"By whom?"
"The Governor Chief."
"Tell me, Don-a-wauk, what do you mean? Tell
me all; I have been away. I have not seen my hus
band to talk with him since my return. He is engaged
in some strange enterprise. I know, but he will not
tell me. If Don-a-wauk knows. I believe he will."
This appeal loosened the tongue of Don-a-wauk,
and thus he spoke:
"Your husband has sold this country, and 11-la-nle
has sold her people.
"11-la-hie!" exclaimed Louise.
"Yes, she of the musk ox eye?, radiant and
beautiful. She has betrayed her race for the silk of
the worm and the jewels tHe Governor Chief has be
stowed upon her."
Louise knew that the Indian would tell his story
in his own way and In his own time, and while she
was consumed with anxiety and fear and impatient..,
she concealed her agitation and calmly told him to go
on.
"Last night," said he, "I came. Red Logins, swift
of feet, ran to the mountains and told me to come
quick. I came. Last night I watched the castle. I
saw the Governor Chief leave the castle and cross to
the house of 11-la-hie. She came out. They walked
to the long bridge" over Indian River, beyond the Mis
sion School. I follow. My ears not hear, but my eyes
see. The Governor Chief beg 11-la-hie to fly with him.
She refused. He ask again. A long time were they
there. Then like lovers they come back. I fear there
something wrong. I know now. Soldier captain just
tell me. Your husband has sold this country and Il
la-hie has sold her people. They will fly together.'
The truth sank deep into the heart of Louise.
"My God, Don-a-wauk!" she cried. "He will not
leave me and the child here alone?"
"He will throw you to one side like that," replied
the Indian, with an accompanying gesture.
At that moment there was a distant sound c?
marching feet, and looking up both Don-a-wauk and
Louise saw the approach of what appeared to be a
procession.
"Come quick," said Don-a-wauk. "You will soon
see that what I have told you is true."
They both retired up the hill where the little band
of Indians stood, and the procession entered.
. At the head came a guard of Russian man-of
warsmen; abreast of them a company of American
soldiers. Then followed Brigadier-General Lovell H.
Rousseau, the Commissioner appointed by Andrew
Johnson, President of the United States, to carry out
the terms of the treaty made March 29. 1567, through
which the Territory of, Alaska was ceded by Russia
to the United States for the sum of $7,200,000. By the
side of General Rousseau was Captain Pestchouroff.
the Commissioner of the Imperial Government of
Russia. Then came Major-General Halleek and Ba
ron Oranoff, the new and retiring Governors. Follow
ing them came several battalions of American and
Russian marines.
After the invocation Captain Pestchouroff, advan
cing a step, addressed General Rousseau as fallows:
'General Rosseau, by the authority, of the Imperial
Government and In behalf of his Majesty, the Em
peror of all the Russias, I hereby transfer to the
united States Government, through you, the duly
accredited and authorized Commissioner, all the ter
ritory which formed the Russian Colonies of the
Northwest of the American Continent."
_ General Rousseau, advancing, replied: "Captain
Pestchouroff, on behalf of the' President, sanctioned
by the people of the United States, I accept the trans
fer under and by the authority vested in me by the
Secretary of state."
As the Russian ; flag descended it became entan
gled in some way at the trestle-trees of the staff, and
so great was the consternation- and feeling of fore
boding evil from , the incident among the Russians
that many of them wept.
Captain Pestchouroff collected himself, however,
and. as the Russian flag finally descended, he said:
"General Rousseau, the Territory of Alaska is now
transferred to the ■ Government of the United States.
All the . forts and military posts are now delivered.
Also, the public edifices, such as the Governor's
house, the buildings used for Government purposes,
dockyards, barracks, hospitals,- schools, public
grounds and all free lots! in Sitka. Kadiak and other
stations are hereby delivered : to your Government."
General Rosseau was about to reply, when there
was a commotion among the soldiers; some kind of a
struggle had occurred, and before any one could as
certain the cause Don-a-wauk had; pushed his way
through the crowd and now stood in the center of the
hollow-square. His eyes flashed, his lips" trembled
his hands shook, but for all this he was dignified and
deliberate, and controlled his emotion sufficients- to
thus address those around him: i" -
; "Why have you forgotten the Indian? Are we not
to be counseled when the country of our father* is
sold?. Who was It first found these fishing grounds?
Your fathers or mine? Who was it first climbed the*e
mountains. to the fields of gold? Was it the 2e2 c
man or the Indian? Who was it to first disturb the*e
deep blue waters? Those belching iron monster. yon
der. or the bark canoe of th^Jndian? T o-day vnu
have your ships to carry away the cold which was
paid for this country. What does the Indian receive"
who found it for you? Once we were strong white
man weak. -We were strong when white man came
T\e did not use our strength against him. Now wSS
man strong.^lndian weak. Can you say as much for
white man?"
So completely had Don-a-wauk surprised them
so forcible were his words and so effectuality did he
utter them that not a voice or hand was raid
against him. Finally, after a most painful silence
Continued on Page Twenty-four.HIM fetELST Kn&ta&RJiPte
wa;e;e£is!. &±JO
<^i UNO- THE" NEWS
' - . ■* v -...-■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 10, 1898.
A &O&CZ *^MO*r
A - BACHELOR !£&C?O&L%S
<=\«**cwrrj ]rr*ef : coua ws sy op s^^s2£LS.
CAUGHT
BY
THE
CALL
CAMERA
BETTER T rtAN
THE. KLQNDYKE.
7Nj nna zm&ox
tXJSTFEjX^ZXrrp&QEX: F
* -■ . ■ ■ . ■ . .
4KKr JM?, f^J2§&K£n\E iuP
2324
HOW TO SUCCEED
AS A MINISTER.
*i Believe a .Minister's Duties Divide
Themselves Under Two .Heads ; .His
Work, as a Preacher and as a
Pastor ."— By Dr. John 'flail.
Wi:AT 1i ministerial success?
Not the attraction of a
crowd, nor the awakening of
admiration for an "elegant
preacher,' a "brilliant speak
er," a "splendid ore-tor." What is a
minister? An embassador of Christ, be
seeching men to bo reconciled to God
through him. The success is to be
measured by the extent to which this
reconciliation is promoted.
Buppoee that tho Spanish Government
sent an embassador to Cuba to beseech
the rebels to be at peace with Spain,
ar.d the embasssdor was described as
"eloquent," "brilliant." "very interest-
Ing." in his address to the rebels, and
by them, yet they held on In their rebel
lion— could he be described as success
ful?
This article, as I understand it. Is not
to deal with the choice of the ministry
as a profession. The young men to
whom it ia addressed are supposed to
have settled that momentous question
In the affirmative. They desire now
only the few suggestions that experi
ence ran give to inexperience as a,
guide in their life work.
A minister's duties divide themselves
under two heads— his work as a preach
er and as a pastor. Neither one should
be emphasized to the neglect of the
other. Some men succeed in the for
mer field and fall in the latter, or vice
versa, but to make his efforts effective
for the promotion of God's truth the
minister should labor assiduously In
both.
As a preacher the minister Is called
upon to prepare and deliver sermons to
his congregation. In this the first thing
to determine Is his range of subjects.
On this point Christ has explicitly di
rected us, "Whatsoever I have com
manded you." To the appreciative stu
dent of the Bible this Is sufficiently
definite, and rules out many themes
that have found their way into the
Christian pulpit.
The central figure of all Bible teach
ing, the most effective that the preach
er cati present, the one he is especially
enjoined to herald is the Christ.
This should be his constant theme.
IK is to lift up Christ, to set forth his
saving work as finished on the cross,
and to show that while he is Prophet,
to bo our teacher, and King to rule
over us, it is by his atoning death that
we have lite through beiie*ing in him.
This is glorying in the cross.
This presentation of Christ implies
the setting forth of God's attributes as
holy, just, merciful and faithful, man's
sinful condition, and it Implies obliga
tion on men, when they believe in and
love the Savior, to keep his command
ments. And so true evangelical
hing is the divinely given means
for producing good ethical results — for
promoting morality.
This exhibition of Christ's saving
work is to be presented in reliance on
the Holy Spirit, not in one's genius,
persuasiveness or earnestness; and
then, when souls are saved and
brought to confess Christ, the glory is
given to him who opens the eyes,
creates anew in Christ, and Is, in the
!ife of a believer, the spiiit of holiness.
It may be objected that this preach
ing of Christ puts away variety from
the pulpit and produces a dull same
ness In the sermons. If hearers are
simply looking for entertainment, for
■'sensational" talk of "the times," they
will sympathize with this criticism;
but if they attend church to worship
God, and be taught of Christ, they will
find variety in the teaching, for In the
history of the race from the opening
chapter of Genesis through the Mosaic
economy, the history of the Hebrews,
the works of the prophets and all the
New Testament, Christ, the Savior,
and the godliness that comes through
faith in him. are more or less clearly
set forth, and that in beautifully varied
aspects.
There are many useful points about
the preparation and presentation of
pulpit discourses, but most of these the
young man will hear fully discussed In
the course of his special preparation.
No scientific knowledge, no classic, no
learning, no human truth comes amiss
to the preacher, yet there have been
many men with '"little Latin and less
Greek" who have mightily influenced
the lives and aspirations of their fel
lows toward the kingdom of God.
The bent cardinal rule I can think of
is to know your Bible (the English
version) thoroughly. Know It so well
that you can draw readily on it for apt
quotation to enforce and emphasize
your points. "When it enmes to utter
ing a grand truth or voicing an eternal
warning, the language of the bouk is
more forcible, more convincing, sticks
more firmly in the mind of the hearer,
than any you can command.
The tone of the preacher In his pulpit,
In my opinion, should bo positive, not
argumentative. We are not philoso
phers finding out things; we are exposi
tors of a revelation that settles things.
When Jesus said, "I am the way, the
truth, the life; no man cometh to the
Father but by me," he spoke positive
truth, which it is our business to echo
Let authors, poets and philosophers
have the fipld of speculation and imagi
nation. "We, my brethren, give our
selves to another task. We are to di
rect human pilgrims, according to set
tled and fixed commandments from the
Lord, into the way that leads through
'.he gate into the city.
That part of his duties comprised in
his work as a pastor the young man
A DUEL IN THE AIR.
Continued from Page Twenty-two.
during which time the Indian stood defiantly, as If
waiting for an answer, Baron Orano-ff stepped for
ward and said:
"This is no time or place for such harangues."
Don-a-wauk looked at him contemptuously and
replied: "What time or place could be better? You
have sold our country, Indians and all; you speak of
houses, buildings and forts, but not one word of the In
dian. You," he continued, pointing to the baron,
"came many years ago when we were strong, and you
promised the Indian much. When you came you said
you would build us sawmills, schoolhouses and
churches. You said you would teach us how to use
the soil for food as well as the sea. You taught my
people how to drink fire water, that is all. Indian
drink until his head is lost, and then he make bad
bargain. You get rich, he get poor."
■ The baron grew angry at this, and, approaching
Don-a-wauk in a threatening manner, said:
"Don't you make such charges against me, you
contemptible dog."
Don-a-wauk looked down upon him. "You are a
very brave man to call Don-a-wauk dog, when Don
a-wauk is unarmed. Don-a-wauk Is no dog." Don-a
wauk is no thief. Don-a-wauk does not steal other
man's wife."
' At this the baron became infuriated, and grasp
ing the sword of a Russian soldier close at hand, he
••— «>oU.ta Uie others sind said sav&Efiiyi, • "Will you
"For a week the salt water drenched us while we clung to the rigging. The old bark wns going to pteces fast. Bits of her sheathing would come floating up alongside, and the hatches burst ud so
that the cargo was floating out from below. AYe knew that if another blow came it would finish us. There weren't any Hags left, so as a sign of our distress we tied a shirt to the stump of the mizze.n
in&st, though it didn't need any signal to show the wretched condition we were in."
stand by and hear me insulted? I demand that dog's
arrest."
The soldiers, now thoroughly excited at this most
unusual occurrence, made a move as though they
were going to carry out the command.
General Rousseau stepping in frcmt of the Indian
raised his hand and said: "Hold! In the name of the
T'nlted States!" The soldiers fell back, and he con
tinued: "I am the commander here now, and as long
as that flag floats over this Territory these Indians
shall be protected."
There was nothing more to be said, the soldiers
retired and around the staff, from which floated the
American flag, a little band of Indians knelt, and
gave thanks to the Great Spirit,
• • • • •
Louise and Don-a-wauk stood upon the cliff
■watching the departure of the Russian fleet. Neither
of them said a word. By the side of Louise stood her
boy. The awful suffering of the mother seemed to
influence the child, for he was weeping bitterly and
clinging to her hand. Louise had passed that stage
whore tears can relieve. They watched in silence.
The only sound that broke it was the moaning of the
child. Presently they saw a boat leave the side of
the Resica. There were two sailors In it.
"What does it mean, Don-a- wauk?" said Louise,
excitedly. ]., •• • c , .
. "As I expected," replifl the Indian,, "11-la-hie has
compelled. them to send for her boy." ,:
"Don-a-wauk:" cried Louise, catching his arm
with the grip of a tigress, "do you think it possible?"
"What possible?".' he grunted.
"Tho sailers do jiot know her- chili I ;tvlH_ give
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 10, 1898.
needs to be especially reminded of. It
is the side of his work that he is likely
to hoar and to think least of during
his period of preparation.
To fill the requirements of his place In
the congregation, the minister must
know his people. How is he to know
them? Obviously the best way to make
their acquaintance is to go to their
homes, to see the family where the
family lives, and converse with them
in the freedom of their own homes. He
may direct this part of his work as hia
special situation makes it seem best,
but he should go among his people as
much and as often as he can.
Any ordinary minister who Is to do
spiritual good to his people must love
them. Ordinary men found their affec
tionate Interest on acquaintance. It Is
not love in general and in the abstract
that makes a channel to the human
J>ART 111.
spirit, but love to Individuals, into
whose faces and in some degree into
whose hearts you have looked.
All this will make the pastor a better
preacher. A man tells you of his life,
his sorrows, perhaps his sins; his lip
quivers and his c" cs overflow in the
recital. If you have the first elements
of a minister's nature in you. you must
feel and speak to that man evermore
with some influential memory of the
Interview.
It may be added thnt the life of a
preacher is to be in harmony with the
truth that is taught. He must show by
his walk and conversation that the
message he carries is true to himself,
firmly believed an-1 sincerely acted
upon.
Let It be said, Jn conclusion, that
ministerial success is not to be meas
ured by the audience, the crowd, the
LAST VOYAGE OF THE IRIS.
them mine, instead."
"Yours?"
"Yes; he would go with his father." cried Louise,
exultantly. With this she kneeled by the child, and
spoke in tender, reassuring terms. She told him he
was to go with the sailors to his father, and she would
follow. She dried the child's tears and kissed him
again and again. When the sailors reached the shore
and approached her, she told them that in anticipa
tion of their coming she had brought them the child
of 11-la-hie. The unsuspecting sailors took the boy
without further inquiry.
Louise and Don-a-wauk stood and watched. The
sailors finally reached the side of the Rt-sica. She
Baw them taken in, she heard the bells, the command
was given and the ship sailed out to sea.
"Thank God! Thank God!" she cried. "Thank
God!" A voice of a child was heard, and, looking up.
Louise saw the boy of 11-la-hie. "Where Is my
mother?" he asked.
Louise looked down upon the poor deserted, moth
erless child, and with a cold and heartless smile the
replied: "Gone!"
That night the storm came, and the wind blew.
Away up on the mountain side the dim rays of a can
dle shone through the rifts of a cabin wall. Within
sat Captain Prim. He was writing to his wife, 11-la
hie, telling her of his coming home, and how happy
they would be. Before he had finished he heard the
crashing of trees above his cabin roof. He ran to the
door, but It was too late. The great landslide of Ka
rakk Mountain was upon him. It crushed his cabin
like an egrgshell, and beneath the avalanche of stone
the body of Cantain Prim lay entombed.
The winds still blew, and upon the shores of
Alaska a jchjld cried for ,lt3 jnother. Aj he ras up
popularity of the preacher, the fashion
able, wealthy and attractive congrega
tion bu. by the spiritual results as
seen by the Chief Shepherd and Bishop
of Souls, in strangers to the Lord
brought into his family, and in mem
bers of his family fed with the sincere
milk of the word.
15193. by 8. 8- McClure Co.) ,
A FIGHTING COMBINATION.
The soldiers of the South, uniformed in
blue, and the nation's navy, caparisoned
In Confederate pray, form a combination
in buttle colors invincible before the fight
ing- strength of the world, of which Spain
is but a spock.— Cincinnati Tribune.
The facilities for Inland transportation
are so limited in Brazil that the inhabi
tants of the port? find it cheaper to im
port grain from North America than from
their own farms.
and down the shore he looked again and again far
out on the rolling sea. Suddenly there appeared a
form upon the crest of a billow, and at his very feet
the waves tenderly deposited the lifeless body of his
mother. Though a child that he was, he kneeled on
the sands and took an oath to avenge her death.
* * • • •
From the Dyea Goldhunter, March 29, 1898.
WAS A SON OF BARON ORANOFF.
dentity Discovered of the Packers Killed
in Yesterday's Duel In the Air.
SKAGUAY, via Seattle, March 29, 1898.— Some
Ight has been thrown upon the mysterious tragedy
it" the two men who fell over the cliff yesterday in
leath's embrace. Among tho evidences of identifi
cation found in the pack of one was a letter from
he American Minister at Russia, which said that
lie bearer. Prince Ivan Oranoff, was the eldest son
>f Baron Oranoff, at one time Governor of the Ter
ritory of Alaska before the transfer to tho Ameri
can Government.
It now develops that the prince was roprosent
ng a company of Russian capitalists, who are
ibout to invest in the gold fields of the Yukon.
• The other was a half-breed packer t>y the name
if Jonathan Prim. His father was Captain Prim
who perished in the great Karakk land-slide in '67
Beyond the fact that his mother was an Indian
nothing is known of him.
As yet nothing has developed which throws any
light upon the cause of the quarrel.
Nothing ever will develop, but If, by any chance,
should the eyes of an old Russian baron, now livlnsr
WATERLOGGED
IN MIDOCEAN.
s -§§§•
Terrible Experiences of tb.e Crew of the
Foundering Bark. Iris That Washed
to Pieces Under Them Despite Every
Effort to Save .Her.
In the province of Vladimir, fall on these llnet, he will
readily understand the "cause of the quarrel," and
know why his son does not return.
Don-a-wauk, now eighty-one years of age, is liv
ing to this day in the Indian village at Sitka.
When he heard of the tragedy on the trail he ex
claimed: "The son of 11-la-hie shall not lie as food
for the crows!" and taking a small company of In
dians he rescued the body and gave it a burial after
the fashion of his tribe, by wrapping it in skins and
placing it in a covered canoe, hung on poles.
Bruin, the terrier widely known as the Hertford
shire Collecting Dog, has just died at his home at
Ware. Bruin was a genius at collecting money
on behalf of some charitable fund. His method
when soliciting subscriptions was to stand be
fore his object of appeal and bark persistently
until such object produced a coin, which the
intelligent creature promptly carried in his
mouth and placed in the collecting box in Mb master's
possession. In this way Bruin has raised large sums
of money for the crippled children's dinner in London
for the Prince erf Wales' Hospital fund, for the recent
hospital fund at Ware and other charitable institu
tions. v\ hen he became hungry he would beg for cop
pera on his" own behalf. On receiving them he would ,
quickly carry them to a neighboring shop where he "k
was known and obtain some biscuits In exchange
An Italian named Gabelllnl has recently made a
S£er°M C wHh n framew «* la of amaH steel bars
.covewa ..with a wlre n «" ln 8. «» being, in turn.
coveral .with oenient. a^Lu» aucfcui* i* then Wish*!.
TALKIN* of the loss of the Almy
said the old shellback, as he
thoughtfully borrowed my to
bacco pouch and forgot to return
it -reminds me of an experience
I once had in the North Pacific . ™ J
were near goln' the way of the Aim*
people? too. S only a mailboat come along
and picked us lit voyage of the old
"It was the last voyage of the old
bark Iris, a good ship in her daj . too.
But she was built way back in the
fifties in Maine, and. in the natural
course of events, she had grown tired
of sailing around the seas, and her
butts were apt to open now and again
at inconvenient times. We loaded up
our lumber at Portland and set sail for
Sydney, In Australia. But we^ne%er
got there, leastwise the bark didn t.
"We had only been out a couple of
days when we fetched right into a stiff
northerly blow, and the old bark kicked
up her heels tremendous. First we
tried running her under the lower
main topsail and the forestaysail. but
it wasn't any good. She had a heavy
deckload of timber and was very slug
gish, so that time and again sh^
pooped, the cabin was flooded, and the
wheel smashed into little bits. I don t
know where the man at the wheel
went, but we never saw him again.
"Then we got relieving tackles onto
the tiller, and hove her to with a tar
paulin in the mizzen shrouds. But it
wasn't much better so, the sea was
that heavy. Every plunge she made
seemed as if it would shake her rotten
old frame into little bits.
'•We pumped, it seemed to me, for
an eternity, but we couldn't make any
impression on the water in the hold.
It -ained on us all the time, for all the
seams were working loose by this time,
and if you looked over the rail between
the seas -< ou could see the oakum com
ing out. After a couple of days' hard
work, we found it was no use, and we
gave up pumping. Part of the deck
le- had already washed away, and the
rest we soon chucked overboard, so as
to lighten the ship a bit.
"The only good thing about a timber
laden craft is that she can't sink, ev
erything else is bad. Her cargo keeps
her afloat till she goes to pieces, and.
all we could do was to sit down and
wait until pome one cams along to tak«
us off. All our boats was long since
knocked to bits, but if they had been
there I don't know that we should
have cared much about taking to them
in such a sea. We were better off on
board the bark, bad as she was.
"The mizzen mast, being an old stick,
soon went by the board; our rudder
knocked into little pieces; we couldn't
steer or do anything, and we just hud
dled together on the poop. Luckily there
was a cask of water on deck which
hadn't been carried away, and being
tightly bunged the water was still
sweet. We made shift to get this up
on the poop, and we lived there for
about a week, drenched all the time
with salt water and eating nothing but
the cold stuff we could get from the
cabin lockers. The galley was long
since gutted, '.nd even if it had been
there, no cook living could have kept
a fire going. The main deck was
awash all the time, the bulwarks were
carried away pretty well fore and aft,
and it was as much as a man's life
was worth to try and get from the
poop to the forecastle.
"Wonder I lived through it, you say?
It was a wonder, but a man will do a
lot when struggling for :is life. But
that week's setting 1 there in wet
clothes give me chronic rheumatiz,
which nothing but a drop o' whisky
now and agin will keep under."
The old sailor touched his cap, as If
to emphasize the gentle hint, and in
the snug shelter of a neighboring sa
loon completed the tale of his rescue.
"The old hark was commencing to gr>
to pieces pretty fast, we could see. Bits
of her sheathing would come float
ing up alongside, and the hatches
burst up, so that the cargo was float
ing out from below. The sea was still
running heavy, and we knew that if
another blow came along it would fin
ish her and us. Then, one morning,
the skipper sings out: 'There's smoko
astern, boys.' Sure enough, we could
just make out a cloud behind us and
by and by it grew bigger, so that we
made sure it was a steamer coming
our way. There weren't any flags
left, so we tied a shirt to the stump
of the mizzenmast by way of a signal
of diAress. It didn't want any signal,
thaugh, to show the state we were in,
and as soon as the steamer sighted us
she altered her course a point or so aad
bore down.
"She was a welcome sight to us, as
she came sweeping along, her black
sides gleaming with the wet sea. and
her long line of brass-lined ports shin
ing with fresh polish. We could see
the passengers crowding to the side and
knew they were watching us through
their glasses. Then she stopped. Just
to windward of us, and we. saw the life- I
boat drop from her davits like a flash.
It was the prettiest sight I have ever
seen, I can assure you. Having the
wind and the sea with them, they were
alongside in no time, and I can tell you
we didn't mind jumping into the sea to
be rescued a bit. We were wet any
way as it was and the sea was too
heavy for the boat to lay alongside.
"They • rolled us up in warm blan
kets and gave us hot grog, and I never
felt so comfortable in my life, for I
slept twenty-four hours straight off the
reel. As for the old bark, we left
her there, and I suppose she soon went
to pieces, for we never heard of her
again." J. F. ROSE-3OLEY.FIGHTING FOR ISLAM
ON THE AFGHAN BORDER
LAST ASS/\ULJ OF THE ZEALOUS JWbL^JI JO DJRIVE THE CJtoSS BEFORE TJIE GJ?ESCEfIT.
"VOien you're wounded and left on Afghanis
tan's plains.
And the women come out to cut up what re
niains.
Just roll to your rifle and blow out your
brnlns
An' so to your Gawd like a soldier."
THUS the omniscient Kipling In
his advice to a young British
soldier. It is not pleasant ad
vice, certainly, but those who
understand the manner in which
the wild hill tribes of Northern
India mutilate their dead enemies will
realize Ita soundness. It is a long es
taMished Mohammedan custom, al
ii part of thoir religion, to inflict
every possible Indignity on the body of
r. foe, and the women who perform this
hideous task would bp little likely to
hesitate because the soldier was still
living.
The English speaking world has re
cently been furnished with a vivid pic
ture of the difficulties attendant upon
a campaign in Afghanistan, where the
troops, in the face of a determined
enemy, have to make their way
through precipitous defiles and over
almost inaccessible crags. Lieutenant
"\V. L. Spencer Churchill, a scion of the
jrreat Marlborough family, has just
published a book which has taken Lion
don by storm. He details his experi
ence with the Malakand expeditionary
force, and the picture which he drews Is
by no means a reassuring one for the
British taxpayer, who will eventually
have to foot India's little bill for cam
paign warfare.
It is really a holy war, Islam against
the Cross, and ranged under their
sacred banner, th^ Afridis commit
deeds of fanatical heroism which excite
the admiration even of their enemies.
Churchill tells us how, in the midst of
a hot engagement, a Mollah or priest
■would suddenly appear on the pin
nacle of some beetling crag, his long
whit^ hair f.owing behind him, the holy
.rratped in his hand, encouraging
his fiillM\vers, both by gesture and
to renew their heroic efforts. The
appearance < f the Mollah always acted
like a talisman on the superstitious
Afridis, and he Be -mcd. indeed, to bear
a charmed life, for, though the bullets
whistled around him, he was never
t' ai.hed.
The impossibility of abandoning the
wounded makes fighting, for the Eng
lish troops, a very difficult matter. The
Afghans give no quarter; they have
their own code of honor, but it is not
the code of the civilized world. To the
ferocity of a Zulu they add the craft of
a Redskin and the markmanship of a
lioer. The world is presented with the
grim spectacle, "the strength of civil
ization without its mercy."
It seems strange to read of such bar
baric warfare in these advanced days,
but. as a matter of fact, the strife is al
ways going on. It is one of the legacies
of trouble which Great Britain's mag
nificent possessions in India have
brought her. Afghanistan itself, which
now forms the only boundary between
Russia in Asia and England in India,
is merely a collection of unruly hill
tribes, wild mountaineers whom no
government can tame. Even the Ameer
of Afghanistan has no power to keep
them in check, though his rule is ab
solutely despotic, and he enforces order
by the sword only. The country has
r been subdued by any monarch;
the hardy hill tribes who inhabit the
f;iPtnesFes of the Hindu Kush and the
Himalaya ranges will pay tribute to no
one, though they are always ready to
rob and murder whenever opportunity
occurs.
The very name of the State is of quite
modern origin, and is due to the Per
sians, who made a show of conquer
ing the land in 1735. The Persian rule,
however, did not last long, and the
country returned to its own unsettled
condition, nominally ruled by whoever
could seize the throne, might being al
ways right, and law and justice no
where.
This constant state of activity and
|T WAS LIKE CLIMBING A WALL, AND A HUNDRED TIMES AS DANGEROUS, TRYING TO REACH THE
/iFRIDIS' STRONGHOLD.
unrest has made the Afghans one of
the finest fighting races in the world,
as the British have time and again
found out to their cost. Despite the
large force which was sent against the
Afridis last autumn the tribes are still
unsubdued and the task will all have
to be done over again as soon as the
return of spring renders renewed fight
ing possible.
The mountainous nature of the coun
try gives its defenders every advantage.
It is but a succession of precipitous
ranges, each one forming an impregna
ble position which a few determined
men can hold against thousands. And
when, as at Darghai, one mountain is
captured, with great gallantry and loss
of life, the victors are only confronted
with another and equally strong posi
tion, which must likewise be stormed.
The difficulty of obtaining supplies and
kef-plpp- open the line of communication
renders the movement of any very large
force impossible, and the only way In
which victory can eventually be se
cured Is by hemming the tribes up on
sr.me mountain top and literally stirv
ing" them into submission.
This <tyle of border warfare Is no
new thing to the Guides and other regi
ments which constantly patrol il c
northwest frontier of India. The only
difference is that of size. The expedi
tion against the Afridis was under
taken on an extensive scale, therefore
it was called a war. The small expedi
tions which are constantly going on to
discipline some unruly tribe or other
are never officially recognized in this
light; the Government of India pru
dently says as little about them as pos
sible, and the British public never re
alizes that another successful little war
has been brought to a termination.
Sometimes, as at Chittral, the massa
cre of a British party throws a ghastly
light on the affair, and It becomes
I necessary to occupy the countiv in
■ force; at other times the troops, having
I Dhiwn up a few mud forts and de-
Btroyed a f-:w villages qui-jt-.v wilh
; draw and amicable relations with the
I tribe are resumed.
It costs the Indian Government a
' large amount of money to preserve even
: a semblance of peace on the border,
: for ever since the first disastrous Af
ghan campaign of 1839, it haa been
found cheaper to subsidize the tribes
than to fight them. If a headman will
govern his people in quiet, avoid raid
' ing, and keep the passes open, then he
will get an annual payment, if not, then
he will have to fight the British. Be
■ fore any hostile operations can be
! carried on in Afghanistan, the passes
must be secured. Especially the fam
ous Khyber Pass, through which the
river Kabul makes its escape from the
ranges of the Hindu Kush to the plains
nf the Pur.jaub. Every expedition of
I any size which has entered Afghanis
tan has gone through this pass, and it
was the neglect to secure it properly
which led to the terrible disaster of 1842,
; one of the most severe defeats which
i British arms have ever sustained.
It is always Russian intrigue which.
I commences the trouble in Afghanistan.
: The recent rising of the Afridis is more
than suspected to be due to a secret
agitation carried on by Russian agents,
though the Ameer has been careful to
deny any complicity in the actions ot
his unruly subjects. But in 1839 there
was no doubt about the matter. The
Ameer of the day, Dost Mohammed,
was openly dallying with Russia, and
i the British sent an expedition under
Sir John Keane, which dethroned him
and placed Shah Shuja on the throne.
Unfortunately Afghan treachery was
not so thurousrhly Understood then as
i it is now. and the force of 8000 men, left
.to support the new monarch on the
j throne, took no precautions to keep
i open its line of retreat to India. In
consequence the Afghans soon organ
. ized an insurrection against their new
; ruler and his friends, the English. The
I whole country rose, and after a num
j ber of nffu-prs, and even helpless wo
: men and children, had been treacher
i ously murdered, the British made a
treaty with the Afghans, agreeing to
withdraw from the country, on condi
tion of being supplied with provisions
and escorted in safety to the frontier.
Neither clause of this agreement was
kept. In the middle of winter, In tho
i bitter cold, without food, the troops b<*
; gan their disastrous retreat. Day after
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 10, 1898.
day they were attacked by large bodies
of the enemy, and within a week the
whole force, which numbered, includ
ing campfollowers, women and chil
dren, some 26,000, was destroyed.
The defeat, of course, was redressed
Kabul was retaken, but no subsequent
victories could restore the lost army
nor the Innocent women and children
who had fallen. And ever since then
India has been most careful to keep
control of the passes, hence the deter
mination with which she has gone to
work, at any cost, to subdue the Afridi
rising, for this tribe has been the guar
dian of the Khyber pass since 1880.
Lord Roberts, now a British peer, but
more familiarly known as "Bobs of
Kandahar," because of his famous
march from Kabul to Kandahar, is rec
ognized as one of the greatest living
authorities on the subject. In a re
markable speech which he made the
other day In the House of Lords he ad
vocated, as the easiest way out of the
difficulty, nothing less than the com
plete occupation of Afghanistan, and
the adoption of a scientific frontier cal
culated to block all Russian advances
toward India, Probably the enormous
cost of this scheme will prevent its
adoption, but It would have the ad
vantage of making the British frontier
conterminous with that of Russia, so
that the game of Intrigue hitherto so
successfully carried on in the buffer
state of Afghanistan would have to
cease. Also all the unruly tribes would
become British subjects and their paci
fication would be only a matter of time
and tactful treatment.
How little we really know of the In
terior of this part of Asia hap been
painfully illustrated by the awful late
of Walter Savage Landor, the well
known writer and explorer. Landor
was fired with ambition to visit the
sacred city of L'hassa, tho mysterious
home of the Lamas, in Thibet, one of
the few spots in the world which has
n^ver been explored by Europeans. He
started with a large expedition, but
most of his followers deserted him, and
the natives, discovering his identity,
made him a prisoner.
Apparently with the object of seeing
how much pain a white man could bear
without dying, they subjected him to
every variety of diabolical torture, and
Landor was only rescued at the last
moment by a British expedition which
heard of his predicament. And now,
with a courage which borders on rash
ness, a young American, Mr. W. Jame
son Reid, is about to attempt the same
feat. His plan is to get himself smug
gled into L'hassa in a basket of goods,
slung on a camel. Should he succeed
where Landor failed, it will be a re
mnrkable testimony to American enter
prise, but 'the odds are very much
against him. M. ROSE-SOLEY.
The Beautifying Bath.
It is not infrequently said that a
daily bath is weakening. This is such a
great mistake that it is difficult to un
derstand haw it is ever made. A daily
bath is just as necessary to bodily pur
ity as. daily prayers are to soul purity,
and it should be as conscientiously tak
en. In some place, and at some time
that cannot be recalled, this observa
tion has come to my notice, and its
truth made its Impression a lasting
one: "A lady bathes not to get clean,
but to stay clean."
It is true that remaining too long in
the bath may be weakening, but a
quick bath in either very warm or even
hot water, followed by a cold dash,
has only good effects.
A refreshing and practical bath is one
in moderately hot water with a little
sea salt in it — sea salt is practical and
chear> — pure white soap, a sponge and
a cheese cloth washrag. Cheese cloth
is both practical and cheap, and at the
same time sufficiently rough to remove
all dirt and not rough enough to
scratch. The sponge must serve as the
shower bath, and after the body is
thoroughly dry rubbing corn meal or
bran over it makes the skin soft and
velvety.
The use of a bag of bran instead of
a washrag is much favored by the
French women for the softening effect
it has upon the water and its tendency
to make the skin delicately white and
smooth. But no bath is perfect in its
results unless followed by a brisk and
vigorous friction of the hands or rub
bing with a coarse towel. — Katherine
Eggleston Junkermann in* March
Woman's Home Companion.
EASTER CUSTOMS
OF MANY LANDS.
THE loss Informed orthodox
Greeks in Alexandria will assure
you that their Easter Sunday —
which does not fall upon the
same day as that of the Cath-
lle Greeks — is regulated by the
cessation of the celebration of the Jew
ish paßsover which it immediately fol
lows.
With them Easter services begin at
midnight and continue until dawn. The
day is regarded as a holiday and also
the most important one of the year,
and, if possible, no member of their
usually large oriental families Is ever
absent from such, as to remain away
on this occasion is considered a great
misfortune.
Every one Is attired as handsomely
as his means allow, and many as
sume the Greek national costume and
medals or badges are suitably dis
played.
Among the vast congregations none
watch the ceremony of the swaying
lights which accompany the first burst
of music, or follow the long and Im
pressive services with more interest, if
not comprehension, than the children,
who have previously taken such active
Interest in decorating the church can
dles with sprigs of olive upon Palm
Sunday, and who apparently have no
present desire for their beds or slum
ber.
When that part of the service Is re
peated which tells of Christ's ascension
from the tomb, which is the signal for
the choir to swell into joyful must«>,
and the deafentn~ reports of the vari
ous firearms discharged about the ca
thedral doors to ring out, they show
their great appreciation of the absorb
ing sounds, and the Impression that
Easter Sunday is the one day of the
year is indelibly stamped upon thoir
minds.
Instead of their usual simple break
fast, the meal served on their return
home and which breaks the Lenten
fast, always strictly observed by them,
begins with song, consists of many
courses and ends with dessert. After
this meal presents are distributed
among the immediate members of the
family, usually consisting of useful
things, such as necessary clothing
among the poorer classes, while the
rich give costumes both handsome and
costly, which are always more valued
The Mollah, sacred teacher of the Koran, sprang to the topmost pinnacle of the crag, pointing with one hand to the British soldiers below, in the other
waving the holy flag of Islam. His fanatical followers pressed close behind him, and leaping over the crest of the mountain, hurled themselves downward on the
foe, rolling great rocks before them as they went. The Mollah seemed to bear a charmed life, for though hundreds of rifles were aimed at him, and bullets whis
tled all around, he escaped unscathed.
by the recipients for being Easter gifts.
The home ceremonies disposed of, the
day is given up to calling upon friends
and receiving guests, and every one is
prepared to entertain.
As with other nations, eggs figure
conspicuously upon this day, and great
care and often skill is given to their
decoration. These are taken as gifts
to friends, and among the children a
particularly thick-shelled one is re
served by each, to be pitted against
those of their friends in the hope oi
winning numerous others.
The tiny cup of black coffee which
it is always customary to offer callers
is upon that day replaced by numerous
sweetmeats, cakes of all kinds predomi
nating, from the huge pyramid-shaped
loaf to the small imitation of an egg,
which proves to be a spoonful of fruit
and spices.
The gTeat quantity of eggs designed
aa gifts for calling friends are also ar
ranged In attractive or suggestive
shapes for the occasion, such as the
pyramids, crocodiles, a familiar cathe
dral, and even the Sphinx is attempted.
Friends greet each other with mu
tually expressed wishes for msfny hap
py returns of the day, and father, sons.
brothers and male friends emphasize
these wishes by kisses and embraces
bestowed upon one another as do the
gentler sex. Their Easter rejoicings
extend throughout the following Mon
day and Tuesday, and it is a time for
general good will, for the settling of
pa«t differences, and, like our Christ
mas, a time to remember the poor.
Easter Sunday in the Canton of
Chaux de Fonds, Switzerland, is given
over to amusements for children prln-
clpally.
It is not unusual for the snow to Ho
deeply in the gardens at Easter, but
the little baskets claimed by each child
of a family have been filled with
colored eggs and hidden among the
shrubs, and are perhaps covered un
der the snow still falling.
The gardens are all alive with little
bobbing heads as they hunt the bas
kets, representing nests, which the
hares of the forest are supposed to fill.
When the nests have been found and
the little numb hands warmed, they at
tend 9 o'clock service with their parents
and remain for Sunday-school, which
begins at 11 o'clock, for each one is
sure to receive a beautiful card picture
and an egg, nicely painted, from her
teacher.
After the church services the entire
family, dressed in the national costume
LAST MAD RUSH OF THE HILL MEN.
of their canton, meet their friends and
forming parties take the children pic
nicking, as they term it, though the
picnic is held at an inn instead of under
the trees as later in the season.
Everybody buys the enormous braid
ed Easter cakes, displayed in the bak
eries, and which are filled with almond
kernels and raisins, and the children
pass their day with eating cakes,
sweetmeats and in ■ laying games, they
as well as the Greek children counting
that the best of all in which they try
to break the shells of their companions'
eggs with one they hope may be thicker,
for the boy or girl who wins the most
Easter eggs in this way is quite a lion
with the rest.
On returning home the children of
each family shell the eggs that remain,
and a huge dish of salad is made from
them, with a simple dressing and with
out greens, which they partake of for
supper. After this the father amuses
them as he himself was amused on
Easter evening when a boy, by hang
ing beyond easy reach a pole, from five
to six feet in length, wo-und with tis
sue paper in the national colors of
green, red and white, and upon which
he has strung 1 great delicious crullers
shaped like pretzels, and to secure them
the children must jump very high In
deed.
A former resident of this Swiss vil
lage remarked that the streets of
American towns upon the sth of July
presented the same untidy apppearance
as those of her childhood's home the
Monday following Easter, with the dif
ference that one was thickly strewn
with ragged, exploded firecrackers and
the other with shattered eggshells.
In Mexico the day which follows j
"Glorious Saturday" is not a day of
feasting, as Easter Sunday is ther^
considered the last day of Lent and
the people are still observing the fast.
The altars in the churches are, how
ever, relieved of the gloomy black dra
peries which covered them and decked
with flowers. The people also cast I
aside the mourning of Holy Thursday
and appear in their brightest attire, the |
dreary wooden grind of the matracns
give place to pealing bells. The tables !
filling the squares about the church j
doors, and upon which all kinds of i
tempting edibles, sweets, children's toys
and harmless drinks wore displayed for
sale during holy week are removed.
The young men and women, at other
times sternly restricted, who took ad- j
vantage of the throngs of worshipers
and the preoccupation of their elders
to exchange glances and form acquain
tances, now walk solemnly or demure
ly into the churches, their thoughts ap
parently occupied with nothing save
the services, beginning with high mass.
Amid the pealing of bells at the stroke
of 9, the hour at which Christ was
supposed to have arisen, the effigies of
Judas, which have been filled with ex
plosives, are touched off, and with the
deafening reports and vibrations Eas
ter services begin.
The Emerald 1 a is in no wise be
hind the rest pf Christendom in its.
celebration of Easter. It is hailed as
a day of joy and gladness by all good
Christians. The festivities as a matter
of course are enjoyed in proportion to
the means at hand, and, in the rural
districts, usually end with a little inno
cent merrymaking.
The day comes when nature is begin
ning to look beautiful. She is already
clothed in her garment of rich Irish
green, and the primrose — the first flower
of the spring — greets the eyo in all di
rections.
At the sign of the Bell, on the road to
Clonmel,
Paddy llegerty kept a nate shebeen.
— Old song.
Along the shores of Lough Mask
and Lough Corrib, in the province of
Connaught, the villages at the time I
write of were very numerous and
thickly populated with a sturdy and
healthy looking peasantry. Their
habits were primitive and their mode of
living from necessity very simple. Tak
ing^lnto consideration the way they
were handicapped in the struggle for
existence, they were wonderfully light
hearted.
It might be some wayside shebeen or
more likely a widow who, to try to keep
the wolf — or the agent, which is about
the same — f'om the door, would try to
turn an honest penny by giving the
cake on "Alsther Sunday."
The music comes next In order and
the best piper available is engaged to
furnish It. Other minor preparations
are seen to and when the cake is
brought home little else remains to be
done.
Easter Sunday begins with a dance.
It may not be generally known, and the
information be rather startling, that
the sun dances in that country on Eas-
Imorn! Well, if the outside world
ds in ignorance of it that's no fault
le people who live by Lough Mask,
who are able are out of bed at
n to see that wonderful perform
>. Nor are they disappointed. He
jre to be at his brightest on that
icular morning, and he does dance
t gleefully for at least fifteen min
after rising, to the intense delight
is beholders, then dismissing them
appy mood to enjoy the Easter egg
t and prepare for the religious ob
ance of the day.
Early in the afternoon preparations
for the dance begin. It is to be held
out of doors; usually on the public
road, a -potato garden being of more
benefit to the Irish cottager than a
"lawn" and far more in keeping with
his humble abode. The road is broad
and in good repair and a convenient
spot, well freed from dust, answers the
purpose very well. Borrowed and im
provised seats are placed on both Bides,
the piper's chair in its proper place and
all's ready.
A long-handled churn dash is fas
tened securely on the garden wall. The
cake is brought out, covered with a
snow white cloth, placed on the dash
in full view, and there left to play its
part.
The piper has arrived and is "dis
coursing" a few plaintive and sweet
old melodics — some of which even a
Patti might delight in— to the admira
tion of the nearest neighbors, who have
come to welcome him. He plays on the
instrument known as the union pipes,
the wind being supplied by bellows at
tached to the elbow. He is blind— most
Irish pipers are. I knew of but one who
was not. Yet he finds his way along
highways and byways without trouble.
His services are paid for by the danc
ers, each of whom drops a coin on the
plate that is placed beside him. "Pay
ing the piper" is proverbial.
The young people may now be seen
coming from every direction. Their
make-up is not quite as romantic look
ing as that of the Swiss or French
peasant, but they more than equal it
by their fine, healthy appearance. Dan
! cinq has commenced, and all seem to
i be enjoying themselves. The dancap are
not of the hugging variety. They are
more of the "stand off" kind. Jigs and
I reels were good enough fr • them, with
an occasional country dance, led by one
or two of the more accomplished.
The dances go merrily on until dusk.
Nearing that time the cake, which hith
| erto, beyond a passing glance, has been
j taken little notice of, is now becoming
of deep interest, particularly to the wo
men folks. "And I wonder who's goin'
to bring in the cake," is whispered from
one to another.
The last dance Is called, and it prom
ises to be a lively one. So it is. One
couple after another drop out, and with
a bow and curtsey to the musician
stand aside. It may be two or it may
be but one couple who now hold the
floor and dance with more than usual
snirit. If the former — which seldom
happens — one couple good naturedly
gives way. The other keep on dancing
and putting in their best stept, the
crowd cheering. After tiring themselves
out both walk in the direction of the
cake amid more cheering. The "boy"
climbs up, takes it off its perch and
puts it in the "Colleen's" apron, which
she holds in readiness to receive it. She
carries it in — weighty as it is — and is
followed by "both their houses," to do
hnnor to the occasion and the land
lady.
The cutting of the cake devolves on
the lady who Lrought it in. She first
cuts out a liberal center piece which
she hands to the landlady. Then glanc
ing around she measures the house
and cuts accordingly. The next day an
elderly lady may be heard to ask, "and
who brought in the cake last night?"
Then, on being informed, "Was it now?"
"Troth an' sorra purtier couple in the
parish; an' its a weddin' we'll ioon
be bavin."
25Easter Hals
PHOTOS BY BUSHNELL
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 10, 1898.
Specially photogpaphed
for the "Call".
Well ktjotVp
Actress^"The Story of My Ill-Fated Easter Bonnet"
97frs. Srvtng 9?/. Scott.
••Halleluiah, hallelujahl" Bang the choir
above her head.
Hardly know you. hardly knew you. were
the words slit- thought they said.
For she thought the very hymn they sang
was all about her bonnet
With the ribbon and the feather and the
' hit of laoe upon it.
T< ) be well bonneted on Easter
Sunday is an adjunct as essen
tial to religious harmony as It is
a desire distinctly feminine. For,
"This is the day, and this the happy
morn.
When her flower of a bonnet is Just In
bloom."
This is the season when her hat is
trimmed to order on the congregation
side. To be obliged to wear an old
or an unbecoming bonnet on this day
ys is a severe pe. ance. And these
thoughts are certainly disturbing to the
.1 attitude of prayer.
That these sentiments are not wholly
th>* ;-i.mopoly of youth, some of our
representative women have given tes
timony in their reminiscent Easter bon
net trials.
"I really never attached much impor
tance to Easter bonnets until this
year," said Mrs. Nellie Blessing Eyster.
"I can scarcely tell why I should do
S3 row; but I must admit that I took
. onsiderable pride in this pink and
1 rown creation. Just to get a friend's
opinion one day last week I pulled the
bandbox containing it from under the
bed and found the latest (litter) ary
event of my household. The crown of
my bonnet was filled to the brim with
a litter of Madame Tiger's kittens.
"This is the first Easter that
I have had to purchase two bonnets for
the one occasion, and perhaps it is the
most important one; but it is not my
earliest Easter bonnet trial. This oc
curred in Baltimore when I was a girl.
It was my first visit to a city and I
found it a place of wonders. It wa3
the day before Easter, and I was go
ing to see the Mermaid, the beautiful
lady with long golden hair and a fish's
tail.
"Po tedious is this day.
As in the night before some festival
To an Impatient child that hath newrobea
And may not wear them."
"I worried my governess until
Bhe granted me the indulgence of wear
ing my new bonnet to the Zoo. Such
crowds of people were there and so
many things to look at that I grew im
patient to s<-e this wonderful mermaid.
I saw it and the pet illusion of my
childhood was destroyed. It made me
iT"?? to see such an ugly thing, and as
I turned away I saw in the distance a
girl with a bonnet on just like mine
—but my, what shocking behavior!
Even at this distance I could detect
her supercilious airs. While she dis
gusted, still she attracted me, and I
found myself advancing toward her and
I was surprised to see her walk to
ward me. She was my own reflection
in a mirror. I tried to sooth my wound
< 1 vanity by getting even with the
monkeys. I poked the little ones with
my parasol until my bonnet was
snatched from my head by a big mon
key, that, unperceived by me, had
crawled up the bars above me, and in
a twinkling he doused it into a pan of
water within the cage. In less than
a minute each monkey had some rem
nant of that bonnet. Lace, ribbon and
flowers were trailed through the ivist.
"My governess converted her veil
Into a head-dress for me to wear horn*,
and the next day I was punished by
having to wear my old bonnet to
church."
"Wi bannet off, quoth I, sweet lass,
I think ye seem to ken me."
"The memory of my first Easter bon
net trial dates back to my girlhood
days," said Mrs. J. H. Jewett. "At
this time I was attending a seminary
near Shelbyville. Ky., and with the
othr-r girls I rebelled at the then pre
vailing style of the slat pun-bonnet. To
hr- sure they were made of elegant ma
terials and of the most becoming shade
of silks, but what chafed us particu
larly Was the fa<n that they shut out
from view everything in the church ex
•he minister. Just imagine three
hundred and fifty b inneted girls staring
straight ahead— three hundred and fifty
girls who had as mauy sweethearts in
the rear of the church; for upon such
festive days as Easter the boys' semi-
HOW TO GET MOST CHARMING
Effects in Easter Hate,
A hat, St ' !atherine,
A handsome one, St. Catherine,
A Ml; o]j.-, St. Catherine,
An expensive one St. Catherine.
And sunn, St. < ';ith<-rine.
THIS is the burden of my lady's
song. And, forsooth, If St. Cath
erine can not give her a hat
with ail the above requisites, the
milliners can supply the de
mand. They have handsome ones, and
big ones and expensive ones. Especial
ly the latter. Ask any man who has
bad to pay f<>r an Easter hat and any
doubts you may have as to a milliner's
efficiency to make out a bill will be dis-
Blpated.
Hats, hats, everywhere! Large and
small, flaring and drooping, beribboned
and bpfpath*»red. straw, chiffon, jet.
flowers and countless other things
besides. For where else excepting in
Ban Francisco does lovely woman sniff
disdainfully at Dame Fashion, and fol
: v the bent of her own sweet will? I
Bpeak whereof I know.
Did I not waste roams of paper and
gallons of ink telling the girls all about
HiS WIFE'S FIRST EASTER BILL
&y
?7?rs. S. y. 97/urp/iy. . Tfollio Classing Cyster. 97?rs. \f. 3fc. fewett.
nary supplied half of the congregation.
"It was impossible to get even a
glance at our sweethearts without be
ing guilty of the rudeness of turning
squarely around. That to me, as to the
other girls, seemed the crudest of all
sacrifices to endure for the sake of the
then fashionable Easter bonnet."
Mrs. S. J. Murphy relates an Easter
bonnet experience that all early settlers
will appreciate.
"Shortly after our marriage." Mrs.
Murphy began, "my husband and I
went to our new home, a settlement
way down in Georgia. This home was
a log cabin built in the edge of the
woods and our neighborhood, though
somewhat scattered, turned out en
masse on Easter Sunday. Besides there
was a new attraction — they wished to
see the bride. Need I add that the
bride herself was anxious to look well?
My husband, too, took a great interest
in my appearance, and this he mani-
"EASTER MORNING I MADE READY FOR CHURCH- WITH A JOYOUS HEART I WENT TO THE CLOTHES-PRESS FOR
MY BONNET, AND THERE SNUGGLING IN THE SOFT LACES AND PLUMES I FOUND A NEW LITTER OF KITTENS.
WAS I SURPRISED? WELL ! ! ! "
fested in the sudden interest he dis
played in the welfare of my Easter
bonnet. As I said before the house
was built of logs and in fair weather
sunlight streamed through the spaces
between the logs, while in stormy
weather — thereby hangs a tale.
"The day before Easter was heralded
by a storm. The roof leaked, the water
dashed in at the windows and streamed
in between the logs, and I spent the
entire day in hunting for a dry spot
for my Easter bonnet. No sooner
would I be assured that the box con
taining it was secure from the deluge
than I would be as speedily convinced
of its danger. Pans, boiler, pots and
the marvelous Parisian pompadours.
Feminine Paris looks as though it had
got out of bed and forgotten to
comb its hair. And in the light of
these facts the dear things met me at
the wharf with their hair parted and
coiled the same old way. 1 confess I
liked them all the better for it. There
is a similarity between that round, fiat
knot of hair and pins ''like mother used
to make." Every trace of "Hcimweb"
disappeared at the first climpse of
them.
But why this digression on hair when
hats are the subject of my discourse?
Because on the arrangement of the hair
depends the becomingness of the hat.
In Paris the milliners display strik
ingly new patterns for hats. Presto!
changes the style of dressing the hair
to suit the new headgear.
Milliners and hairdressers work hand
in hand. Every Parisienne, after a little
seance with her hairdresser, can wear
a "Shepherdess," the latest thing in the
way <>f hats and a creation that is a
direct evolution from the "Jane Had
ings" of last year and can be traced
still further back to the "Marie An
toinettes." Every Parisienne does pos
sess a "Shepherdess" and "entre nous"
it becomes a trifle monotonous. Here,
however, thf milliners import the latest
things, people try them on, find them
unbecoming and with that independ
ence that makes them so adorable they
Will have none of them. They do not
realize that it is not alone the con
tours of the face, but the arrangement
of the hair that makes a hat becoming
or otherwise.
Secretly I am delighted that San
Francisco hairdressers cannot live up
to San Francisco milliners. If they did
w/> might run riot in one direction in
stead of having such a charming va
riety of hats.
Daintiness is the chief characteristic
of the new importations. Feathers
have been entirely laid aside fr>~ the
nonce, and soft and airy aigrettes and
letted quills are occupyin their place.
Flowers are more beautiful than ever
before, and in exquisite coloring and
perfection of outline vie with nature's
own blossoms.
I have seen the "Shepherdess" dis
played in several of the shop windows
here. They are equally as fetching as
those dfsplayed in Paris, whence, no
doubt, they hail. Bent down to shade
the face, rolling high on the sides, and
drooping again in back, they are at
once picturesque and jaunty. It is
hard to say just wherein they differ
from the hats that Jane Hading made
bo popular in Paris last year. I think
the main difference lies in the fact that
they are smaller and the droop over
THE SAX FRANCISCO CA*LL, SUNDAY, APRIL 10, 1898.
kettles literally covered the floor. Every
few minutes my husband would come
in from his work in the barn to inquire
if the bonnet were high and dry, for he
wished me to be 'in the fashion shin
ing,' and the storm showed no signs of
abating. I was well nigh worn out with
my labor that day, but at night I was
rewarded by a peep at the treasure
just before going to sleep. It smiled
back at me from its little dry home and
my heart was satisfied."
"When beauty's ensign yet was crim
son on her lips," Mrs. Huntington,
mother of H. E. Huntington, encoun
tered her first Easter bonnet trial.
"In those days," said Mrs. Hunting
ton, "the prevailing fashion was the
old aberdeeno. This was but a flimsy
affair, though exceedingly pretty, but
poorly adapted" to the whimsical East
ern summer climate. The frame was of
wire and the covering only paper.
"I was in New York State at this
time and foolishly dared to brave the
drive to Easter service without an um
brella. The early morning opened as
fair as a day in June, the day of all
days for wearing my aberdeeno hat.
But I had not reckoned on its close,
nor the deluge of rain that was to ut
terly ruin my hat.
"When I reached home I still wore
the wire frame upon my 1. :ud, but the
prettily fluted paper rim was lying
round my shoulders, a homeless mass."
"How well I remember my first Eas
ter bonnet with its torments," said
Nellie Holbrook Blinn. "My father was
the pastor of a church in a country
town where the clergy had to take so
the face is less pronounced. There is
a certain chic about them that the
"Jane Hading" lacked. Even the
French walking hats droop over the
face and are short in back. They are
trimmed in drapes, steel ornaments
and quills.
The toques are made entirely of
flowers on a straw or wire foundation.
Charming effects are obtained in
those made of the soft crushed roses,
the brim made of tiny rosebuds nest
ling among green leaves. I notice that
the yellows and burnt oranges are
holding high carnival here. Last year
a birdseye view of "hatted" Paris
would have shown one broad, brilliant
streak of flaming orange. This year
they have toned it down to a shade
called castor. I* is a cross between
TRYING IT ON.
fawn and dove, with a splash of yellow,
and is used mainly for the straws. It
combines well with almost any aiiade,
but is particularly adapted to tur
quoise blue and lemon. The violet
shades have given w'ny • the laven
ders and lilacs. This Is a characteristic
of the season. The deeper shades have
all been supplanted by dainty color
effects.
The gorgeous cardinals, royal purples
and brilliant yellows have gone out
with feathers, and the blush rose, lilac
and lemon are the favorites. The Paris
milliners say that the flowers made in
these delicate tints are better able to
&y
97?rs. Jeuntington. Tfellie Jfolbrook &Unn. Sadie X. frallou. /Dr. fieecher.
much for a salary with a promise of
donations. At the donations number
less articles too funny to speak about
would be given, from barrels of Hour
down to lead pencils.
'•On this particular year, my sister
and myself were given bonnets with
the request that we should not wear
them until Easter. I should have been
glad never to have worn mine: but
whatever was given to us must be
worn with gratitude. My hair was
what was called in those days red. The
bonnet was red also. But the two reds
were of a different shade, and clashed
inharmoniously upon my oversensitive
nerves. How to avoid wearing that
bonnet at all was my study. I put it
away to try on alone after oiling my
hair to tone it down a shade or two.
But the unpleasant fact still remained
that it was the most unbecoming thing
that I was ever called upon to wear.
"Easter morning came all too soon
and the bonnet was adjusted with hu
miliation upon my red head. I shall
never -forget my suffering on that oc
casion. My little friends, seeing my
discomfiture, teased me by pulling my
strings and blowing the feathers until
my patience was exhausted.
"On my way home I had an alterca
tion with a girl who nulled my bon
net off and threw it in the muddy
street. I at once jumped on it and
left it there as a broken monument to
donation parties in old New England.
"Thus the day that should have been
the brightest of all the year was to me
a day "of horror, long to be remem
bered."
withstand the sun and wind than those
of deeper shade. In fact, they are
called "fadeless." The roses are all of
the soft full-blown variety and are ex
quisite in coloring. No matter how fas
tidious one. may be in the matter of
headgear, they can not fail to find
something that satisfies the!? cravings.
The shops are all well supplied and
have an endless variety. There is the
"Shepherdess" for the fin de sieele, the
rolled walking hat for the tailor-made
girl, the flower toques for the airy
fairy girly- girlies, flaring hats for "my
lady picturesque," hats for long faces,
short faces, thin faces, plump faces— in
short, any kind of a face. And even
if San Francisco does refuse to obey
absolutely the mandates of H. R. H.
Dame Fashion, the* effect is just as
charming as in cities where they are
more subservient to the royal effects.
Shall I confess It? I think it more
charming. For give me, above all, va
riety. ALINE DH MEREAU.
SWEET MUSIC
in
EASTER EGGS.
THE chocolate hen has laid a can
dy egg that is the most wonder
ful thing you ever heard of. It
is a musical egg, and capable, in
its turn, of hatching out sounds
that Will fill the neighborhood of the
small boy owner with chagrin and as
tonishment. The candy man wondered
and wondered what to make this year
that would be new, that would cause
the other candy men to open their eyes
and perish with trade envy and the
customers to greedily buy. And that
is how the musical egg came about.
It is so hard that surely a Plymouth
Rock hen must have laid it— though
they say the big chocolate one that
weighs fourteen pounds did bring about
this curiosity. At any rate, there it
Is— a glorious preparation of sugar, that
makes your mouth fairly water. But
you mustn't let it — for that would mean
death and destruction to the magic
egg.
Every boy who gets one — and as it is
somewhat expensive, few will be the
proud possessors of the wonder — will
straightway want to gobble it up, in
stead of getting its secret from it in
the form of a beautiful sound. That
is, it will be beautiful sound if the boy
is a musician — otherwise it will proba
bly drive the neighbors out of the
opposite flat. If it is eaten, that will
kill the piano that lavs the golden
notes, for music can only be produced
"The greatest amount of discomfiture
I ever felt over an Easter bonnet," re
lated Mrs. Irving If. Scott, "was an ex
perience I had here in San Francisco.
I was going to Easter service and felt,
I suppose, the satisfaction and happi
ness that all women feel, until they
look over the congregation and see some
bonnet prettier than their own. My
hair was very abundant, and my bon
net very light. There was quite a
little breeze and my bonnet was lifted
from my head without my knowing it.
Presently I stumbled over what I
thought a little black dog; and as I
stepped aside, I reeoernized my bonnet
as it went hopping and bobbing along
the pavement in my advance. After
a little pursuit the truant was Rescued,
and I gained my pew in time to sur
vey the new creations in head-dresses
that are always heralded on Easter
morning.
"Those that judge not too severely
Have said the; luved such follies dearly."
"Be that as it may, it is really a femi
nine pieasure to study the blooming
pews on Easter. And I soon selected
from this nodding mass a perfect love
of a bonnet — tne one above all ethers
that I should have liked for myself.
"Now the funniest part of my story is
that the next day one of the papers, in
giving a description of the Easter bon
nets, put the very bonnet that I so
much admired upon my own head."
"I feel again the mortification of the
Easter of so long ago," said Mrs.
Buehler, wife of Rev. J. M. Buehler of
I from the invention when it is intact —
and that's all there is about it.
Of course, it will be hard to stand
I and just look at that egg and not bite
■ it. or so much as take a teenty weenty
"lick," but any self-denying young man
I ought to be able to do that much for
; the sake of the saccharine sounds that
will issue if properly coaxed. There
never was such a strange little egg —
i not even the Roc's fabulous one was as
j weird— for this can make sweet sounds
I — "Sweet Marie" and "Sweet Rosy
} O'Grady " or whatever her name was
I —and this is the way it seems to be
! made:
It is hollow inside, of course, and o-n
: the outside in one end there is a depres
sion, across the mouth of which there
are stretched half a dozen parallel bars
"ISN'T IT A LOVE?"
of brass, something like a jewsharp,
and when blown upon they emit melo
dies more or less enchanting — mostly
less, I am afraid, unless you happen to
be an embryo Hofmann.
There is another novelty in Easter
ville. Candy County, this year. Tt is a
rabbit that goes by clockwork, and
never misses a stroke of time. He is a
school t.-acher, and a more solemn and
stately rabbit it would be hard to find.
He is a rare old fellow, full of choco
lates and vanilla and good will, that
fairly beam behind the glasses on his
ridiculous nose. Why do rabbits al
ways look aa If they had colds in the
head?
9J?rs. fudge Cooper. 97/ rs.J.Jf. fiuehlor.
the St. Paulus Lutheran Church. "I
was living at the memorable time near
Fort Wayne, Ind., and as I expected
to be married later in the summer and
come to California to reside, I con
cluded to economize in favor of my
wedding trousseau. I sacrificed my
pride by wearing my old Shaker bonnet
to church. Only a woman will under
stand that it requires courage to make
such a sacrifice. All the more unpleas
ant because the village wherein I lived
was a small one. and my friends seemed
to outdo themselves in hats and gewgaws
at this particular time; while I bonnet
ed in the Shaker, with its green apron
back and green ribbons, felt glad that
a green barege veil covered my burning
face, and sorry that I had not sacrificed
something of my trousseau instead of
so much comfort by wearing my old
bonnet."
"The only regrets I ever felt over an
Easter bonnet," declared Mrs. Colonel
Kinne, "carry me back to the time
when my little daughter was about 3
years of age. At this time I dressed the
quaint little thing up like an old lady,
and put on her head my new bonnet,
with its pink roses in front and its fall
of Chantilly lace behind, and allowed
her to go upstairs to call upon her
grandmother.
"When she returned from the visit
I carefully laid the bonnet on the bed
and left the room to attend to some
household duties. When I again en
tered the room I found a shred of lace
here and a bit of rose there. The bon-
SHE MAKES A HANDSOME LIVING
Out of Egg-Farming.
TO COMBINE book publishing and
poultry keeping is an idea which
it takes an enterprising woman to
carry out.
This woman is Mrs. Sarah L.
Bliss, who is the publisher of the
Brooklyn Blue Book, and at her coun
try place, just outside the borough of
Brooklyn, and within the limits of
Greater New York, she has started a
chicken farm.
Commencing less than a year ago
with twenty-five chickens, she has now
over 1000 fowls, ducks and turkeys.
"Is there any money in keeping poul
try?" was the question tasked -" Mrs.
Bliss at her Brooklyn office.
"I will give xou some notes from my
expense book, was the reply, and then
you can judge for yourself. Of course,
the first year one cannot expect to reap
great profits."
"It costs a penny a week to feed a
hen. She will lay about 180 eggs per
year. For these an average price of
three cents each is given, four or five
cents in winter and three cents in sum
mer. If you care to put it down in dol
lars and cents you might average it In
this way:
1 hen; fooa for 1 year at lc a weelc I 62
ISO eggs per year at 3c each 5 40
Balance in the treasury at end of year,
per hen 4M
Balance in the treasury, per 000 hens.. 4S&O CO
Balance in the treasury, per 2uOO hens.. 97tK) UO
"I intend having at least 2000 fowls,
and then I may clear $6000; wages,
taxes, etc., will take a good $2000 or
$1500. At present I have only one man
to help me, and I pay him $32 a month,
or $384 per year; three men will require
in wages $1152.
"Ducks are more profitable invest
ments, for the reason that their food is
not so expensive. Where it costs a
penny a week to feed a hen, the bill of
fare for a duck may be of a variety and
quality to please the most fastidious
duckling and cost only one-half penny
per week."
In the expense account it will be
noticed that "broilers" are not men
tioned. They are a small gold mine in
themselves, and should pay the expense
of the chicken farm, leaving clear
profit for the eggs. Mrs. Bliss has
never found any difficulty in disposing
of her eggs, 600 every week going to one
hotel. She considers the cochins and
the wyandottes the most profitable
breeds, and she has some original
theories in regard to Henrietta's daily j
—
®9
net was utterly destroyed.
"My little girl had dressed the dog
up to see grandma, too, and the dog did
the rest."
"The Easter hat most vividly difficult
to obtain that now presents itself," said
Sadie L. Ballou, "was a war-time affair.
My husband, v.-ho was one of the first
volunteers, had been taken prisoner at
Huntsville, Ala,, which reduced the
small private's pa ■ to not even a unit.
With three mouths to feed by such
means as I could command by my
needle, no surplus was left for Easter
hats. But wit and every woman's ne
cessity (the hat) triumphed.
"I lived on the four corners of a
farmers' village in Northern Wisconsin
and drew water and such other inex
pensive luxuries as the well and the
hand of the deacon's wife around the
corner might contribute to necessity.
"One day she resurrected from the
loft of a mercantile storage a relic of a
dead fashion, a coal scuttle bonnet,
sometimes called a sky-scraper, and
gave it to n.e.
"That brim of brims so sleekly good
Not flapped like dull Wesleyans down.
But looking (as all church hats should)
Devoutly upward— toward the crown."
"It did not take me long 1 to change
the shape. After ripping and splicing
the braids I Bewed and shaped it into
form, dyed it in logwood dye. stiffened
it with gumarabic, and finally pressed
it over a stone cream jar into the then
fashionable shape. Sumach berries fur
nished me with the dye for my old rib
bons, and I plumed the hat with a
couple of soft feathers from the tail of
a hawk that my brother had killed.
'"To prove that the hat was a success
I have only to add that I set myself up
with a millinery establishment by tak
ing all the sky-scrapers he deacon's
wife had and selling them after re
modeling into the like my own
for the munificent sum of 50 cents."
, Dr. 'Beecher, a cousii. of the late
Henry Ward Beecher, said: "My re
ligion is not dogmatic; therefore an
Easter hat to me is not a necessity.
For fifty-seven years I have worn the
same style hat and dress. In fact, I
am so unconventional in this regard
that I have justly earned the sobriquet,
The woman of one hat and one dress.'
"Why? Because, when my best dress
or hat gets a little bit shabby, I go to
my tailor and order another dress made
in the same fashion. It is just so with
my hat. All I have to say is, 'I should
like to have one just the same as that.'
I have been called masculine, and never
except once in seven years do my
friends cease nagging at me, seven
years being the period in which a fash
ion is said to repeat itself. Then I
console myself with the thought that I
have set the style for others to follow,
and this is tlie only time in which I am
free from the persecution of my friends
regarding my mode of dress."
"The greatest humilif <n that T havn
been called upon to endure," said Mrs.
Judge Cooper, "was all on aciouiiL «.i
an Easter bonnet. At this particular
iime I was in Chicago — the celebrated
Windy City. Whether or not Chicago
deserves this appellation I can only say
J.hat the wind was the cause i.f my mis
fortune.
"It has been a grievous fault with me
since my girlhood to give my apparel
but a little attention after I am once
properly attired.. Upon this occasion,
as upon all preceding ones, I wa3 wool
gathering as usual while on my wav to
Easter services. It never occurred to
me that the wind could carry ray hat
away without my k-.owledge, but it did,
and to this day tit has kept its secret
well, for I have never found it.
"I walked into churf- proudly uncon
scious that my headgear had disap
peared, and was somewhat annoyed at
the manner in which a casual acquaint
ance stared at me. I resented her un
usual interest by holding my head a
little higher.
"I was made conscious of my loss in
a most embarrassing way. After serv
ice I walked up to the ci.ancel and was
absorbed in my prayers when one of
the elders touched me gently on the
shoulder and softly quoted from St.
Paul's epistle to the Corinthians. 'Is it
comely that a woman pray unto God
uncovered?'
"I raised my hand to my head and
was humbled beyond expression. Had I
been allowed to proceed with my pray
ers, contrary to the church law, I think
they would have been of little avail,
for my mind was in anything but a
spiritual state while smarting under the
elder's biblical rebuke "
ANNABEL, LEE.
diet, treating her as though she were
a dyspeptic young lady, to a drink of
hot water 'each morning. Plenty of
ground oyster shells are given, boiled
carrots and fish: one great point is to
vary the food, not to continue the same
diet for any length of time, otherwise
Mr. and Mrs. Fowl and all the little
Fowls may strike, and threaten to
change their boarding place. Plenty of
cayenne pepper, of course, is given with
the food.
Incubators are used entirely on the
Bliss place, one having accommodation
for 600, one for 400 and one for 150, cost
ing from $60 to $20 each or thereabouts.
Eight acres of land are needed for
2000 fowls, and some woodland if pos
sible. If ducks are kept, a pond is
necessary.
Mrs. Bliss devotes the business hours
of the day to her publishing enterprise,
coming in to her office in Brooklyn
about 11 o'clock.
USED TO IT.28
JUDIJjH ON Hip Wy\y JO KILL
Sketched by A. F. Mathews from his well known painting exhibited at the World's Fair.
JUDITH AS PAINTED
BY DIFFERENT ARTISTS
THAT Judith, the heroine of an
tiquity, the deliverer of the be
sieged city, is a character of Bible
history that has attracted the at-
tention of many artists, is quite
evident from the number of pictures of
this subject that may be found in the
world"? Art galleries.
A beautiful Jewish maiden who had
the mentality to conceive a strategy
and the courage and power to carry it
out Is a subject well worth the effort of
the most able artist.
She is generally represented in the
act of leaving the tent of Holof ernes,
carrying with her, as a trophy of vic
tory, the head of the Assyrian general.
One of the finest examples of this
THE TULIP AS AN EASTER DECORATION
EGGS in some form or other, I
whether alone or as an adjunct
to other viands, seem to be a
natural article of food for Easter
morning and to lend them an in
dividuality appropriate to the occasion
Borne sli-ht deviation from the ordinary
ways of serving them is desirable. The
idea suggested by the accompanying
sketch is simple and inexpensive and
can be prepared for the meal at odd
moments some days in advance.
The materials necessary are a sheet
of green tissue paper, and one each of
white, yellow, red, pink or any colors
desirable which are in accord with the
natural colors of the flower, a box of
water-color paints, some mucilage and
a piece of No. 1 green ribbon. Having
obtained these, cut from stiff paper pat
terns of the size and shapes indicated
in No. 1 and No. 2 of the illustration.
No. 1 is 1% inches wide by 6V4 long,
and represents the long, slender
leaves of the plant. These should be
cut from the green paper, allowing at '■
least three for each flower. No. 2
shows the petals of the blossom, is Z2
inches long by 4V4 deep, and each petal
measures 2*4 inches across its widest ;
part.
When these patterns are cut lay them
on the tissue paper, several folds thick,
in order to t -pedite cutting the design,
and whfn as many as are needed have j
b^en secured put loner, irregular dashes
of water color paint on the petals, red
on yellow, pink on white, etc., as indi
cated in No. 3. 1 his work can be done
very rapidly and more than pays for |
itself in the appearance of the flower '
when completed.
When these are dry curl the end of
each petal slightly by drawing It over
the dull edge of a pair of scissors or an
ivory paper cutter, and fold creases in
each, as also shown in No. 3. These
are now folded around an egg cup, a bit
of mucilage holding the petals together
FOR AN EASTER BREAKFAST.
representatlon may be found in the
Pitti Palace, the work of Christofano
Allori. a Florentine artist of the six
teenth century.
It is claimed that In this picture,
which is supposed to be his best prod
uct, the head of Judith is a likeness of
the wife of the painter, while the head
of Holofernes is supposed to represent
himself.
Allori v.as one of the foremost of his
school. His pictures are distinguished
by their close adherence to nature and
the delicacy and technical perfection of
their execution. His technical skill is
proven by the fact that several copies
he made after Correggio have been
taken to be duplicates of Correggio
himself.
and to the side of the cup, rendering the
decoration more secure.
Outside of the petals are placed the
leaves, which are then tied securely in
place by a small boy of narrow ribbon
of green, or in harmony with the flower
itself, having first been creased in the
fold shown In No. 1 and caught about
at the top of the fold with a tiny bit of i
mucilage.
Care must be taken not to cut the
petals apart, a mistake it is easy to I
make, and which wastes paper, time
and energy, as it is difficult to put them
in place singly on the egg cup, and
gain the correct effect shown in No. 4.
One of these stool at each plate at an
Easter breakfast table will give a
cheery surprise to the uninitiated mem
bers of the family, and the egg dis
covered therein is almost sure to have
a daintier flavor, so powerful is the ef- |
feet of our imagination upon material
things.
GOLD'S CIRCUIT OF THE GOLBE. i
"A million dollars gold from Japan en !
route to the Sub Treasury in New York i
detained for eight hours at Cedar i
Rapids."
This very metal, like as not, orlgl- !
nated in California, crossed the conti- !
nent in the form of double eagles, was !
shipped to London and converted into
sovereigns, went perhaps to France,
and, after circulating for a time in the
shape of twenty-franc pieces, was sent
to Japan in payment for silks, and com
pleting the circuit of the earth comes
back to us in payment for cotton.
The ceaseless ebb and flow of gold
around the globe in settlement of trade
balances proves that, independent of
all statutes, it is by natural laws the
money of the civilized nations. "When
one reflects on the heavy expense of
transportation and the great loss from
attrition, however, it Is surprising that
in the age of peace and international
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 10, 1898.
In the canvas of Mr. Mathews we
find he has deviated from the common
representation by painting Judith as
going on her terrible errand.
This is a very good example of Mr.
Mathews' excellent conception of Bib
lical subjects. His composition is ex
cellent, his color scheme satisfying, and
his drawing is a good illustration of his
unusual skill, which Mr. Seymore
Thomas kindly sr.id was unexcelled in
any of the artists of his acquaintance.
This picture was exhibited at the
World's Fair at Chicago, where it re
ceived a great deal of favorable atten
tion.
The subject of Judith is a favored
I one with Mr. Mathews, for hanging
very near the one just described is an
other, a pastel, expressed with much
i feeling, and representing the heroine in
I the act of entering the tent. Here the
' artist has admirably succeeded in de
picting the strong will and determined
: purpose that are characteristic of the
woman subject.
The pictures may still be seen at the
i Hopkins Institute of Art.
trade relations there has not been es
tablished a world's clearing house. —
New York Herald.
WHY THE EG WERE CHANGED
FROM GRAY TO BLUE.
IT was the season of Easter along the
Eastern Shore of Maryland, and that
favored land, though the war was on
between the States and the Blue and
the Gray were fiercely contending for
a principle which could be settled
only by bloodshed, bore every evi
dence of nature that It was In truth what
Its people called It, "God's country."
Lying low and level, fresh in the spring
i green of its fields and orchards, shining
'in the silver strands of its myriad
I streams, stretching back and away from
! the rippling waters of the Chesapeake un
! til its clumps of woods rested on the east
j crn horizon and lazily luxurious in its
i balmy climate, it was. as it still is, a land
j of peace and plenty, fit for the restful
, quiet of body, soul and mind. As one of
! its songsters quaintly sings:
"Hfre terrapin and canvasback
Are to the manner born;
And here the nectar of the gods
Is rye instead of corn."
With Easter had come rejoicing among
! the dusky denizens of kitchen and cabin
along the Eastern Shore, for Easter was
1 the darkies" festival^ in those days, and
at no place was tfiVre more joy than
among the blacks of Kirkham Manor, for
! Major Winter, the proprietor of the
manor, was a kindly master, who let the
' fetters rest lightly on his slaves, and he
had announced that each of his people,
; big and tittle, should have a ticket to the
I circus which was to show in town on the
I Monday after Easter. It was not always
that a circus was one of the Easter fes
tivities, for Easter sometimes came be
fore the circus bloomed, but in the year
of this chronicle Easter nad fallen after
j the middle of April and the circus people
! had hastened to be ready on the Monday
j after. True, it was not a circus of the
j old-time splendor, for the war had made
that impossible, but there was a big white
' tent and spotted horses and ladies in tln
i sel Bkirts as short as they were glittering,
and there were hundreds of other fairy
I delights that grow In simple minds from
j the pictures on circus bills.
But the circus was only part of the
richness of the time. All work was to
stop at noon on Saturday, there was to be
church and ribbons and the best bib and
tucker on Sunday and on Monday and
Tuesday following the white folk were
to take hold of the work about the house
and place and let all the darkies In the
county go to town to have their full of
festivity. Cake walks aud feasts and bar
becues and weddings and hoedowns and
frolics of all kinds were In order, winding
up late Tuesday night, when even If some
came home drunken It was not held
against them as an offense.
And how they did enjoy It. It was free
dom to them, without anr of Its respon
sibility or care, and they bad no thought
for the morrow, except that It had not
WHAT THOMAS JEFFERSON
SAID
ABOUT ANNEXING CUBA
Copy of the Famous Letter on the Important
Question That He Sent to James Mon
roe Seventy-Five Years Ago.
THOMAS JEFFERSON wrote to
President James Monroe from his
home at Monticello, under date
of October 24, 1823:
"I have ever looked upon Cuba
as the most interesting addition which
could ever be made to our system of
States/
Monroe had addresßed a letter to Jef
ferson, dated October 17, 1823, in which
Monroe expressed his opinion that we
ought to meet the proposal of the Brit
ish Government, and to make it known
that we would view an interference on
the part of the European powers, and
especially an attack on the (Spanish)
colonies, as an attack on ourselves.
This expression preceded the famous
"Monroe doctrine" message by but
forty days. In that short period, how
ever, Monroe's impression had solidified
into the strong words of his message to
Congress, December 2, 1823. At the con
clusion of his letter Monroe asks Jef
ferson's opinion and requests that the
correspondence be forwarded to James
Madison.
In view of the talk of an alliance with
England, it will be interesting to give
enough of this correspondence to show
how Monroe. Jefferson. Madison and
John Quincy Adams looked upon a simi
lar proposal, made when the Cuban
question was uppermost seventy-nve
years ago.
In reply to Monroe's letter, Jefferson
writes that the question "is the most
momentous which has ever been offered
to my contemplation sinoe that of in
dependence that made us a nation. ' He
points out the advantages of "detach
ing Great Britain from the band of
despots," and bringing "her mighty
weight into the scale of free govern
ment." "With her on our side." writes
Jefferson, "we need not fear the whole
world." But in the next line he de
clares that he "would not purchase her
amity at the expense of taking part in
her wars."
Jefferson declared his position on the
"Cuban question" in anticipation of tn»>
designs of Russia, Prussie and Austria,
"a lawless alliance," says Jefferson,
"calling itself holy." He believed we
should "oppose, with all our means, the
interposition of any other power, under
any form or pretext," in the affairs of
this hemisphere.
In the memoirs of John Quincy Adams
we find that he, also, was called into
consultation on this "momentous
question. Adams writes under date of
November 15, 1823. that President Mon
roe sent for him to come to the State
Department, where the liters of Jef
ferson and Madison were laid before
him. Adams says that Madison's opin
ion in favor of accepting England s pro
posal is "less decisively pronounced
(than that of Jefferson), and he (Madi
son) thinks as I do, that this movement
on the part of Great Britain is impelled
more by her interest than by a princi
ple of liberty." .
The full text of Jefferson's letter is
as follows".
MdNTICEL,Lf>. October 24. 1823.
Dear Sir: The question presented by
the inters you have sent me Is the most
momentous" which has ever been offered
to my contemplation since that of in
dependence made us a nation. This sets
our compass and points the course
which we are to steer through the
ocean of time opening on us; and never
could we embark on it under circum
stances more auspicious. Our first and
fundamental maxim should be never to
entangle ourselves in the broils of Eu
rope- our second should be never to suf
fer Europe to interfere with Cis-Atlan
tic affairs. America. North and South,
has a set of interests distinct from those
of Europe, and peculiarly her own.
While the last is seeking to become the
domicile of despotism, our endeavor
ehould be to surely make our hemis
phere that of freedom. One nation, most
of all could disturb ub in this pursuit.
She now offers to lead and accompany
us in it. By acceding to her proposition
we detach her from a band of despots,
bring her mighty weight into the scale
for free government, and emancipate a
continent at one stroke, which mipht
otherwise linger long in doubt and diffi
culty. . , .
Great Britain is the nation which can
yet come, which is the true darky phll
'^Even' Christmas was not such a season
on the Eastern Shore as Easter was.
It was Saturday afternon and Klrkham
Manor \\;.s deserted of servants. Indeed,
it wa* oimofll deserted of all humanity.
M« (or V ii'ttr had ridden over to a. neisli
bor's immediately after dinner at 1
o'clock, and no one was about except tne
major's only daughter. Kate, who nan
chosen to stay and color a bushel or two
of eggs for the children.
Kate Winter was the pride of the
naicr's heart, she was the mistress of
every man's heart if she chose to be.
Jv.n &:. l-npiit of mind and ey?, uuick
of tong-.»T anO motion, kindly withal and
beautiful, it was her right to ijio. and
she did. When the war had com?, her
conservative father had taken no decided
stand, but the high strung Kate was posi
tive she knew which side was right, and
at once announced herself. She was for
the South, and what an unmitigated little
rebel she was. The sight of a blue coat
made her eyes snap and a single strain
of "Yankee Doodle" put all of her nerves
on edge. Vet during the month of Janu
ary, last past, whicn she had spent in
the social whirl at Washington, the one
man who was most devoted to her was
Captain Leonard of the Federal army,
and. woman-like, the man she most
wished to be so was uaa same captain.
When she came home, the captain acted
as escort to her party as far a 6 Balti
more; a few weeks later he had come to
Kirkham Manor for two days; he had
come again late in March, and now he
was to spend Easter Sunday and Mon
day on his third visit. Just why she per
mitted these attentions, she could not
say. for the captain wore the hated blue,
and he was, in addition, a lumbering,
awkward, good-natured, simple, sincere
kind of overgrown boy that a woman
likes better than anybody in the world,
but doesn't think of loving as she might
love a husband. As for such a man.
himself, he rarely is conscious of his good
points, and failing in the tact to present
himself as he should, all the chances are
that married life with the woman he gets
will not be what he had a right to ex
pect it to be.
"He's a Yankee, Kate," her father
would say of the captain in a bantering
mood.
"He is a Leonard," she would retort.
"His ancestor was Jonathan Leonard,
brother-in-law of Lord Baltimore. Is
mine any better?" and Kate would smile,
because her father was a stickler for
family.
"All the more reason why he should not
wear the blue," argued the major, accom
panied by a strain from "Maryland, My
Maryland."
"Well, papa," with a toss of her head,
"what do I care? I am sure he Is noth
ing on earth to mo. I met him as I met
dosens of others, and If he wants to come
down here to see us," emphasising the
us— "we can not very well shut our doors
against him. He Is a friend, or says he Is,
and I don't want any thins to be nearer,
do us the most harm of any one, or
all on earth; and, with her on our side,
we need not fear the whole world. With
her, then, we should most sedulously
cherish a cordial friendship; ajid noth
ing could more securely knit our af
fections than to be fighting side by side,
in the same cause. Not that I would
purchase even her amity at the price of
taking part in our wars. But the war
in which the present proposition might
engage us. should that be its conse
quence, is not her war, but ours. Its
object is to introduce and establish the
American system of keeping out of our
land all foreign powers; of never per
mitting those of Europe to intermeddle
with the affairs of our nations. It is
to maintain our own principle; not to
depart from it. And if, to facilitate this
we can effect a division in the body of
the European powers and draw over to
our side its most powerful member,
surely we should do it.
But I am clearly of Mr. Canning's
opinion that it will prevent. Instead of
provoking war with Great Britain.
Withdrawn from their scale and shifted
into that of our two continents, all Eu
rope combined could not undertake such
a war. For how would they propose to
get at either enemy without superior
Meets? Nor is the occasion to be slight
ed which this proposition offers to pro
test against the interference of any one
in the internal affairs of another, so
flagitiously begun by Bonaparte, and
now continued by the equally lawless
alliance calling itself "holy."
But we have first to ask ourselves a
question. Do we wish to acquire to our
own confederacy any one or more of the
Spanish provinces? I cordially confess
that I have ever looked upon Cuba as
the most interesting addition that could
ever be made to our system of States.
The control which, with Florida point,
this island would give us over the Gulf
of Mexico and the countries and the
isthmus bordering on it, &s well as
those whose waters would flow into it,
would fill up the measure of our po
litical well being. Yet, as I am sensible
that this can never be obtained, even
JUDITH WITH THE HEAD OF HOLOFERNES.
From a photograph of Allorl's great painting.
that's Yankee. But I do wish sometimes
that I was a man so I could light Captain
Leonard."
Kate was fully in earnest, too. and her
father was careful not to banter too far,
seeing that he had done so once to his
great discomfort, for the pretty Kate was
not all angel.
In the midst of the egg coloring Aunt
Mary, the cook, came hurrying to the
house as fast as she could.
"Fo' de Lawd, Miss Kate." she puffed.
"I done seed de Cappen a-comin' an' I
knowed you wuzn't especkin' uv him fer
two hours yit, so I jis run up f'um de
awchid to tell you an' gib you a chance
to spruce up a little 'fo' he gits yer."
Hut it was too late, for even as Aunt
Mary was performing her errand of
mercy, the captain rode up to the house
and he saw Kate at the kitchen window
as he swung round the corner of the lawn.
As Aunt Mary had said, he was two
hours ahead of time and Kate almost lost
her temper at the promptness of the man.
for there was no one on the place to re
ceive and entertain him except herself
and there was no escape. He had stopped
beneath the shade of a large tree in the
yard and there Kate, like a true house
wife in her working attire, appeared be
fore him with a basket of eggs and color-
Ing paraphernalia in her hands, and the
captain thought he never saw her look
ing half so pretty. That he was in love
with her needed no angel come from
heaven to proclaim to all the Eastern
Shore. It was in his eyes, his face, his
hands, his voice, his manner.
THOMAS JEFFERSON.
FAC-SIMILE OF PART OF THE LETTER THOMAS JEFFERSON SENT JAMES MONROE IN OCTOBER, 1823, TOUCHING TWt
ACQUISITION OF CUBA &f THE UNITED STATES.
with her own consent, but by war, and
its own independence, which is our sec
ond interest (and especially its inde
pendence of England), I have no hesita
tion in abandoning my first wish to fu
ture chances and accepting its independ
ence with peace, and the friendship of
England, rather than its association at
the expense of war and her enmity.
I could honestly, therefore, join in the
declaration proposed, that we aim not
at the acquisition of any of these pos
sessions; that we will not stand in the
way of any amicable arrangement be
tween them and the mother country,
but that we will oppose, with all our
means, the forcible interposition of any
other power, as auxiliary, stipendiary
or in any other form or pretext, and
most especially their transfer to any
power by conquest, cession or acquisi
tion in any other way.
I should think it therefore advisable
that the executive should encourage
the British Government to a continu
ance in the dispositions expressed in
these letters by an answer of his con
currence with them as far as his au
thority goes; and that, as it may lead
to war, the declaration of which re
quires an act of Congress, the case shall
be laid before them for consideration at
their first meeting and under the rea
sonable aspect in which it is seen by
himself.
I have been so long weaned from po
litical subjects and have so long ceased
to take any interest in them that I am
sensible that I am not qualified to offer
opinions on them worthy of any atten
tion; but the question now proposed in
volves consequences so lasting and ef
fects bo decisive of our future destinies
as to rekindle all the interest I have
hitherto felt on such occasions, and to
induce me to hazard opinions which
will prove only my wish to contribute
still my mite toward anything which
may be useful to our country, and pray
ing you to accept it only at what it is
worth. I add the observance of my con
stant and affectionate friendship and re
spect, THOMAS JEFFERSON.
I As she met him now, laughing, she told
him she was just about to color a dozen
Easter egg* for him to take back to
1 Washington, but he had come too soon,
: and they were not ready.
He might have turned her remark nicely
by saying something about the impossi
i bility of seeing her too soon, but the cap-
I tain was too awkward for that.
Instead he saJd, as he pointed to some
! colored cloth in her hand:
"What color will they be. Miss Kate?"
"Gray." she responded promptly and
much to his surprise at her interpreta
tion of his innocent question. "It is my
color, Captain Leonard, and to be knight
of this lady you must wear the color she
gives you. But why did you come so
early to stop me at my work?" she added,
still lightly enough. "Papa was expect
ing to return in time to meet you and do
the honors, but here you are and what is
ever to be done with you?"
She looked at him ruefully, and he
smiled, but there was a shadow In it.
"It was my only opportunity. Miss
Kate." he replied seriously. "I am
ordered away to leave Washington on
Monday and join my regiment before
Richmond at once. Men are needed there,
and I am only too glad to be able to do
what I can for my country-"
The lines in Kate's face grew hard at
his words, and she looked at him as if
she would speak as she had often spoken
before, but she restrained the first im
pulse and waited for him to go on.
"I thought I would like to see you once
more before I went away," he continued
res t&sss a°ffi-"saa i4 «sss
K?w. S^SitS JSSbiJS
some respects.' just to be talking. Kate
He was talking J ust *o be talking. Kata
knew It and she could not endure the
th "DoS'V do that." she almost shouted a 1
! hiin\ and she hysterically dropped the
i basket of eggs. War had never been Pre
sented to her in quite so red a light be-
f °"Oh, oh, Miss Kate," exclaimed the
captain, stooping down to pick up what
might be saved of the wreck. . • • . at
"Let them be," she cried, snatching at
him. "What are a few eggs to a human
! "^Whose, Miss Kate?" he said, stupidly.
"Why, yours," she rattled on. . J<""£
Didn't you say you were going to that
horrid Richmond to be shot? And is that
nothing?" • ,„„_ vo^rn" h«
"It wasn't very much. Misstate !»•
answered in his slow way in view or
the fact that, according to your ;. owa
statement, your soldiers kill about forty
of us to our killing one of them; so -I m
i only a -fortieth. That isn't a great deal,
: iS "iV you don't stpp talking that .wa T.
"If you don't stop talking that way.
Captain Leonard " Kate began, but she
could not finish the sentence, and. sitting
down on the rustic bench, with the basket
of broken eggs at her feet, she buried her
: face in her hands. . < • ■• . h t
This was a phase of , the affair that
: could not ordinarily have Presented itseit
; to the dull mind of the captain. But now
it came to him as a revelation from on
high, as the light fell upon Saul olTTax
sul . In an instant his awkwardness had
; disappeared: his boyishness had : Oej ci
oped suddenly out of itself; he was a
i man now, as he was already a soldier
and sitting down by Kate's side, he put
his arm around her. firmly, and with th«
instinctive confidence that comes under
only one condition.  -—♦
"Kate, my own Kate." he said nrst
and for a minute continued In the same
strain. Then he stopped, and Kate «hyiy
lifted her face from her hands and looKea
at him with that in her eyes that was
never there till now. # ,
An hour or so later the ™ J°r. c^? e JI2;
ing up and as the captain rose to meet
him, and go for his own horse, for it
was now time to be starting bacKio
Washington, he stumbled against the egg
b "What color did you say dear- that the
eggs were to be?" he asked with _a siy
little smile in the corner* rol ! his mouth.
"Blue." she answered, Proudly. ftVe nin«
And the captain rode away that evening
to return later as a colonel and^whea
dler-General Leonard and ls3 .
was Easter. . w - •»—^~ , ;
LOSS OF LIFE
A MONG INFANTS
rT^HE Medical Record says: Th« fact
T^ls well known to medical men
I that where infants are massed
I together in large numbers their
J- chances of living are immensely
diminished. Convincing proofs ■ « .JWW
have recently been afforded in the case ot
foundling hospitals in Italy and Franc*.
There is no need, however, to go abroad
for confirmatory evidence.
At the Randall's Island Foundling Hos
pital, an institution supervised by the
New York Department of Charities, of 36»
infants under six months of age received
during 1896 and treated continuously only
12 remained alive April 15. 1897. The aver
age duration of life of the 354 who died
was between five and six weeks. The
death rate was 96.7 per cent, and only two
of the survivors were bottle-fed.
A few historical comments will empha
size the needs of foundlings. Up to within
three decades practically nothing was
done for them in any English-speaking
country. .In England under the poor law
of 1834 the young "were merely received
to die, and the few who struggled into
life were trained only in ignorance, idle
ness and vice." In Philadelphia, until
1885 all waifs were sent to the foundling
ward of the Philadelphia Almshouse,
where the death rate was practically 100
per cent.'
In New York, only a quarter of a cen
tury ago, the child who was not at once
destroyed by the despairing mother had
no alternative but a lingering death in the
almshouse under the care of aged pau
pers. Reports show that of the infants so
placed scarcely one ever survived. At the
present time, except In New York city,
Philadelphia and in Massachusetts condi
tions remain the same.
Michigan has its placing out system for
older children, and Minnesota and other
States are helped by well-organized chil
dren's aid societies. But except in Massa
chusetts very little effort has been ex
erted to change a system which at best
seems only a legalized form of infanticide.
We must, of course, except the purely lo
cal and unorganized individual kindness
which has always in some measure, but
very inadequately, coped with the need.
The New York Foundling Asylum on
Sixty-eighth street shows how needless
and how criminal is much of the mortal
ity among foundlings. Its origin is due
to Sister Irene, whose fame is national.
In 1569, with only $5 in her pocket, she
began the work by placing a little crib
outside the door of her small house on
East Twelfth street. That crib now
stands within the present magnificent
buildings of this charity, and on the af
ternoon of February 21 received its 30,0915t
temporary occupant.
The system as evolved by Sister Irene
and carefully continued by others since
her death consists in paying a foster
mother from among the respectable poor
to care for a foundling, as well as her
own babe. The care ceases at the end
of three years and children are then
returned to the asylum for kindergarten
work and schooling, until finally placed
in good families the country over In
a special interview with Sister Teresa
Vincent, the present superintendent, the
following noteworthy statistics were se
cured:
In 1892, of the 2591 children of various
ages cared for, 611 died, an average of
22.8 per cent: in 1893, of 2962 there died
596. an average of 20.1 per cent; in 1896, of
2300 there died 573, an average of 24.9 per
cent.
In relation to the most recent 369 deaths
it is interesting to note that 95 of those
who died were received under one year
of age, while 128 of the fatal cases were
received between one and two; showing"
that while under the Randall's Island
barrack system it is almost certain death
to a more infant to place it there — in the
Foundling Asylum its chances are better
than if kept for a while in neglect an<l
hunger and 111 treatment by Its mother.
•Mission Dolores Easter 1798
1898
OULD the brown-gowned padres
M of ten decades past rise from
their sleep this Easter morn and
look upon the scene of their
\ former labors by the Golden
what would they find fa
miliar in the area from Hunters
Point to the Presidio, from Bernal
Heights and Lone Mountain cross to
the seawall?
Little, indeed, save sky and bay and
the warm Californi . sunshine, for these
are the only things that man cannot
harness to the van of progress.
The astonished gaze of the fathers
would rest with loving remembrance
upon an adobe roof here and there — un
less commerce had sent these, too, into
eclipse by hideous and desecrating
painted signs— and then, turning to the
old Mission Dolores, I fancy tears of
gratitude might come that time had
not ruthlesssly swept from sight this
monument of their labor. Within its
quaint and consecrated structure their
troubled souls, disembodied or reincar
nated, would be certain to gain peace
as of old.
To-day the voices of trained s^nd sal
aried singers will thrill the souls of
listeners with their melody or faJl upon
ears too dulled by indifference to heed
the spiritual significance of words and
music. Yesterday, as it were, since
time swings the cycles so swiftly — the
people sang for .he very love of the
Eastertide and its gentle lesson to man
kind; and with the notes of'Te Deum,"
"Laudamus" and "Gloria in Erccelsis"
■vvr-re mingled feelings of joy that they
c mid thus worship God In the wilder
ness. Yesterday the silver-throated
bells of Dolores broke the stillness of
the morning air. To-day service will
be proclaimed from the steeples of mag
nificent churches whose presence but
eerves to accentuate the simple beauty
of their white-walled predecessor.
A hundred years ago the site of this
commonwealth-to-be was a sandy ex
panse of hill and vale, tangled with
malva and wildflowers, grown with
scrub oak, manzanita, mesquite and
madrone to the water's edge. Yerba
Buena Cove reached to Montgomery
street. Quail were plentiful and un
afraid. I'pon the hills that were not
t > be eternal, because of the dwellers
of the future who should come to raze
them, she^'- cattle, horses and mules
of the pueblo roamed and fed, and at
night were the prey of bears, for in the
ITL'S the stock was greatly deplet
ed by wild beasts. Saint Francis de
Assist, bullded on the Laguna de los
Dolores, had been completed nearly
ty-one years and was perfect in
its plcturesnueneps, its interior being
as richly decorated as was possible
with tho facilities at hand. The huts
of the Indians had been replaced by
adobe dwellings with tiled roofs in
i^nt number to accommodate the
families of the married neophytes. Sol
flier? were garrisoned at the Presidio
as now. About 3600 bushels of crops,
mainly wheat, were stored in an adobe
building near!; I long, the keys
to th' 1 community granary being held
b" Uu as, the alcalde, comision
nd senior regidor. A trail led its
winding irregular way from Presidio
to Mission. Around Potrero and fields
a ditch was dug. some nine feet wide.
The settlement was prosperous, and the
hearts of Fathers Palou and Cambon
and the indefatigable Serra were
thankful, for, ns Serra hn<l s;ti'3 upon
completion of this, the sixth of the
California missions, "our Father tit.
Francis, with the holy cross of the pro
cession of missions, has reached the
last limits of the Western continent.
To gt> farther he must have boats."
And what of the people whom the
bells summoned to worship on that
Easter day of long ago, with heads
bowed reverently before the image at
the altar of St. Francis, patron saint
rt. Presidio and Mission?
There were not many hundreds of
fouls, and they numbered friars and
la-'nv ■ . soldiers and civilians, ranch-
Indians— a strangely assorted
. gation, among whom none spoke
iglish word. The Latin of the ser
;he soft, musical Spanish tongue,
the Mexican language weretheirspeech.
As a class, they were an intelligent,
law-abiding community, for when
Anza brought his colonists hither more
than 1 wenty years previously, he had
betft instructed to Beiect only men and
women of hirrhest character to found
the new settlement,
[re Landaeta was in charge of the
mission, having replaced Padre Cam
bon when the latter became too ill for
duty. He was assisted by Friars Fer
nadez and Abella. Ramon Abella
was a Spaniard of much ability and
: then but 35 years of age, and for
many years Bole survivor of those who
came h>re previous to 1800. When the
present century was fourteen years old
Padre Abella performed burial rites
nv.-r Blridlana, the last of the Indians
who had witnessed the founding of the
Mission in "76. Pedro Alb.-ml, a Span
ish lieutenant-colonel, was by reason
of his rank in command of San Fran
cisco port. Diego Borica was Governor.
ji genial, wealthy and progressive
man, his wife the beautiful Donna
Magdalena de Urqulde?.
Among those who received the ben
ediction of the snowy-stoled priesthood
on that far-off Sabbath were many
whose dust has lain through undis
turbed generations in the mossy, lvy
parlanded burying ground of Dolores.
Th<-r^ were names that how mark the
highways and byways of a great city,
wnose hills are traversed in a few
jnornf-nts' space, where once the foot
of rn;iri and beast sank knee-deep In
the drifting sand. Other names are
interwoven with the most romantic
events of our State's history.
There were the Alvarados. one of
whose descendants, Juan jJautista, his
mother a Valiejo. and his wife a Cas
tro, became a distinguished figure in
public annals — colonel, politician, pa
triot, Governor and grantee of several
immense ranchos, including the Mari
posas; Jose Dario Arguello, founder of
the Arguello family, Acting Governor
in 1814-15, and at that period the most
influential man in CaJifornia; the Ber-
EASTER SUNDAY SERVICES, MISSION DOLORES, SAN FRANCISCO, ONE HUNDRED YEARS AGO TO-DAY.
"And what of the people whom the bells summoned to worship on Easter day one hundred years ago, with heads bowed reverently before the image at the altar of St. Francis, patron saint of our
port, presidio and mission. They numbered friars and laymen, soldiers and civilians, ranchmen and Indians-* strangely assorted congregation-among whom none spoke an English word.
nals. Ramon and Joaquin; Jose Aguila,
a prominent Mexican settler; the <"as
tros, Francisco, Jose, Joaquin and
Simeon; Luis Peralta, who came with
Anza when a boy, was in 17 I jß put in
command of the San Jose Mission and
later became a don, securing the grant
of San Antonio rancho, where Oakland
and Alameda are now, the Pachecos,
Bartolo, Ignacio and Miguel, and rep
resentatives of the Galindo, Gonzales,
Aceves, Martinez and Valencia fam
ilies.
From the dwarfed, thatched tule hut
of the Indian, held together by dried
grasses, to the architectural giant of
which the Spreckels building is an ex
ample, is a far cry. One hundred years
have altered the landscape, scarred the
face of nature, and driven her primitive,
improvident children forth to wage un
equal battle with thrifty newcomers.
The adobes and their builders are dust,
Yerba Buena a tradition, the wilder
ness reclaimed. Civilization, in all the
glory of noble achievement and the
shame of vice unspeakable, is come to
the Golden Gate.
LILLIAN FERGUSON.
DIPLOMATIC LIFE
in
WASHINGTON,
IF the stress of social life in Wash
ington prove a trial to those forced
to take part in it, at least there can
be no complaint of monotony, for
when surfeited with the faultless,
impassive demeanor of one legation
the impulse and fire of the South can
be sought at another, or the subtlety
and smooth polish of still another coun
try may be studied at but a stone's
throw.
To drive, in a few moments, from
England to Guatemala, from Spain to
Germany and then to China, Japan,
Hawaii, or where you will, is a feat not
to be attained in any other city in the
world, and, as the showman says, "It
must be seen to be appreciated."
The Right Honorable Sir Julian
Pauncefote, G. C. 8., G. C. M. G., Em
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SUXDAY, APRIL 10, 1898.
bassador and Envoy Plenipotentiary, is
the dean of the diplomatic corps. He
lives up to the wealth of initials suc
ceeding his name in dignity of manner
r.nfl mien, ;md is an able representative
of her Majesty. He is a large, stout,
florid man of ripe years and pleasant
manners, alive to the importance and
honor of his position and determined
that others shall realize, through him,
Englaud's pride and England's might.
So long has he been accustomed to take
the lead at dinners, receptions and all
official or private entertainments that it
is almost impossible fur him to brook
any rivalry of the position which he
claims both by right of seniority and
because, as Embassador, he represents
the person of his sovereign. But of
late he has been forced into a second
ary position on two occasions and
Washington declares that he is a sad
der and a wiser man. Still, it took tht*
State Department to place Sir Julian
Pauncefote and he did not tamely sur
render what he considered his rights.
When the wealthy Mrs. Leiter invited
Sir Julian and his wife to dinner, the
Embassador wrote and requested a list
of her guests. In her reply Mrs. Leiter
named Vice-President Hobart in the list.
Sir Julian then wrote to his would-be
hostess to ask where she proposed to
seat her Majesty's representative.
When her answer informed him that he
would follow the Vice-President he de
clined the invitation and the question
became a state matter. Thus Sir Jul
ian's position and the Leiter dinnerwere
the discussion of the hour until the
State Department finally delivered the
verdict, during the Grant monument
ceremonies in New York, that Sir Jul-
ian took precedence of all excepting the
President and Vice-President, the
Vice-President, heir-apparent to the
Presidency, being the second man in
the land and therefore ahead of the
Dean Embassador of the Diplomatic
Corps.
It was shortly after this notable de
cision that President Dole of Hawaii
became the guest of the nation. Psesi
deot McKinley bade the Diplomatic
Corps to a dinner in honor of his dis
tinguished visitor, and again Sir Julian
lost his bearings, for immediately suc
ceeding the President of Hawaii and
his wife were the Hawaiian Minister,
Mr. Hatch, and his wife. Sir Julian, it
is said, failed to appreciate the brilliant
bi/ard, with its splendor of rare orchid
bloom, failed to enjoy the gallant as
semblage, the fair, jeweled women, the
decorated foreign representatives, the
costly viands, the music, the conver
sation, and, in short, all that went to
make one of the most noteworthy din
ners ever seen at the White House.
But if Sir Julian has faults, he also
has virtues, and as a host he is un
paralleled for courtesy, hospitality and
gallantry. The Pauncefotes live in a
handsome mansion on Connecticut av
enue, where they entertain largely and
magnificently. Their famous bal poudre
was the event of this season in Wash
ington. The genial host we- ably as
sisted by his wife, whose manners are
cordial and sympathetic, and by his
daughters, Sibyl, Lilian, Audrey — can
not one imagine the daughters of the
Pauncefote house? Typical English
girls, with complexions and faultless,
high-bred manners.
No greater contrast to this English
household can be found than at the
German embassy. Herr yon Holleben,
the Embassador, is a jolly bachelor, for
whom all the girls are setting their
caps and for whom all the mammas
have an appreciative, welcoming smile.
He lives in a magnificent house, that
contains the handsomest private ball
room in Washington, of which he takes
full advantage. He is the host at many
an informal dance, more pretentious
"hop." or still modre formal cotillon.
Having no ladies in his household, he
generally asks a couple of young mar
ried women to receive with him (and at
his last ball he secured the aid of two
charming women— Mme. Patenotre, the
lovely wife of the former French Minis
ter, and Mme. Hengelmuller yon Hen
gervar of Austria-Hungary. These two
are alike in their undeniable popularity,
beauty, wealth and family, although of
marked and distinct individuality.
Madame Patenotre was a Miss Elver
son of Philadelphia. She was visiting
in Washington when she met Monsieur
Patenotre, who fell in love with her al
most at first sieht. They met at a large
reception. Monsieur Patenotre noticed
the tall, fair girl, whose air of style
and distinction added attraction to her
beauty. He approached nearer; near
enough to overhear the conversation
shy was holding with those around her.
To his surprise it was in French. His
interest in her was doubled; he noted
the purity of her accent and listened
delighted for a few moments to his
mother to-ngxie. Then he rushed off to
seek for an introduction to the lovely
French girl. When he learned that she
was an American he was astonished,
but no less interested, and from the mo
ment tfrey were introduced his atten
tions were marked and devoted. The
acquaintance begun that ni-rht culmi
nated sc-on after in a brilliant wedding.
Monsieur Patenotre was always some
thing of a lady killer, and is not a man
to forgive any slight from the fair sex.
He and Assistant Secretary of State
Rockhill have been throughout on un
friendly terms, the result of an old
trouble in China, where, one afternoon,
Monsieur Potenotre called cm Mrs.
Rockhill and was told that the lady
was engaged. Monsieur # Patenotre
never forgave this, and the rancor be
tween the Rockhills and the French
Minister has been undistnaised and
frank. When Secretary of State Olney
was absent from Washington, and in
tercourse between Mr. Rockhill and
Monsieur Patenotre was unavoidable,
the situation was awkward in the ex
treme.
Tb.e unfortunate Senor Dupuy de
Lome was popular, good looking and
attractive and he had many friends in
Washington to regret his short-sighted
mistake. Senor de Lome's wife did
everything to add to his popularity and
was, perhaps, more of a lobbyist than
any woman in the diplomatic circle. She
combined infinite tact with rare dis
crimination and she did much to sub
due the feeling against Spain.
A diplomatic reception was given at
the "White House this winter, during a
period when discussion on Cuba was
hot in the House and feeling ran high.
How she managed it no one knew. It
must have been the result of skillful
maneuvering — but for over an hour Ma
dame de Lome walked through the spa
cious rooms of the White House on the
arm of Secret-ry Sherman. She was
the observed of all observers and con-
ST. FRANCIS DE ASSISI (MISSION DOLORES) PREVIOUS TO ITS RESTORATION.
Sharing the fate of the other California missions, Mission Dolores gradually fell into partial decay, as portrayed
by the above sketch, drawn from a photograph taken in 1855. Restored laier it is to-day Is as excellent a »tat«
o£ preservation, a§ any of. its» contemporaries, with, tae. posulblo exception of. the mission at S«uu» Barbara
jecture was rife as to the political sig
nificance attached to this promenade.
The De Lome family have many
friends to sympathize, if but few to
condone, for never was a woman more
fitted for political lif- or a man of
more gracious courtly manners. To
add to the sting, their two young sons
must ever be under the cloud of their
father's disgrace and can never aspire
to any position in the country to which
they have returned.
But at least Senor de Lome can re
tire with his grief and hte regrets. Senor
Lazo Arriaga 01 Guatemala, who has
lately lost his wife, cannot be alone
with his sorrow, for he is still repre
senting his country, and he must fill
his place in th_ Washington season.
Senor Lazo Arriaga and his wife were
quoted as an ideal couple, cited as the
love match of the diplomatic corps.
Mme. Lr.zo Arriaga was a Caetilian
beauty— the type of exquisite, rare
woi-.ankind of which one reads. She
was the idol of her husband, and they
were a noble-looking pair. Mme. 7 zo
Arriag-a's death was particularly sad,
for she left nine children, the youngest
a baby of but a week or two.
Another house with an element of
tragedy hovering about it is that of
the Brazilian legation. Ser.or Men
donca is threatened with total blind
ness, and it is a {.athetic si~ht to see
his wife guiding his steps through the
gay and brilliant assemblages of a
Washington season. Senor Mendonca
has the finest collection of paintings in
Washington. He has the true artistic
temperament, and his pictures have al
ways been his delight. The affliction
that will take from him the sight of his
dearly loved tr sures is particularly
deplorable. Mme. Mendonca looks like
a Spanish woman, though she is an
American. She was born in Maine, but
went to Brazil when quite young.
There she became a governess to Senor
Mendonca's daughters, and while in
that position he fell in love with her.
Strangers always think her a Spaniard
from her appearance and an attractive
little accent.
The most popular receptions in
"Washington are those given by the
Mexican Minister and Mme. Romero.
It is h^rd to define just wherein lies
the secret of their success above oth
ers, but the palm is theirs. Mme. Ro
mero, like Mme. Pat notre, is also from
Philadelphia. She was a Miss Allen, an
heiress and a belle. The Romeros have
been longer in '.he diplomatic corps
thin any other foreign representatives.
Miss Murphy, a handsome San Fran
cisco girl, married a diplomat, Mr.
Vincent Dominguez, secretary of the
legation of the Argentine Republic.
Mme. Dominguez flashed like a meteor
upon the social season; her gowns, her
jewels and her rich beauty making her
a dazzling center for admiring gaze.
But a powerful rival to all these fair
women is the tiny-footed Mrs. Wu, the
'wife of Mr. Wu Ting- Yang, for when
ever she appears she is the center of
attraction. To no woman, no matter
how fond her liege lord, is accorded
such attentions as the Chinese Min
ister showers on his small-footed wife.
After they have made their bows to
host and hostess Mr. Wu invariably
lifts his wife in is arms and carries
her to a seat near by, while the big
footed women of other countries stand
around with the men, and no doubt
often sigh for the enforced repose of
Mrs. Wu.
The Chinese Minister is considered
one of the brightest and wittiest men
In Washington and he has the repu
tation of being able to tell a story that
would make Chauncey Depew look anx
iously to his laurels. At one of tho
famous Gridiron dinners — for which in
vitations are eagerly soug-ht and where
only the brightest and most popular
men obtain access — the best story told
after dinner was that related by Mr.
Wu Ting-Yang.
Mr. Kwai, the interpreter of the Chi
nese legation, is married to a pretty
blonde from Springfield, Massachusetts.
They have one baby, as have also the
Wus, and they all live together in the
Chinese legation.
When the ladies of the legations, the
Ministers and Embassadors, the Secre
tary of State — the only member of the
Cabinet invited to a diplomatic dinner
— and about fifteen distinguished priv
ate citizens assemble at the Whita
House, it is indeed a brilliant gather
ing. The guests, about sixty-three in
all, are presented in the east room to
President and Mrs. McKinley by Col
onel Bingham. First, the four Embas
sadors with Sir Julian Pauncefote at
the head, and then the Ministers in
the order of their arrival at the Cap
itol, the oldest resident coming first.
Mrs. McKinley sits at the right hand of
the President — instead of opposite him
as did Mrs. Cleveland — because she is
subject to fainting spells and her de
voted, lover-like husband wants her by
his side, where she is the recipient of
his watchful attentions. This manner of
placing husband and wife is remarked
upon by many, but, as Herr yon Hol
leben has remarked, it is all in the cus
tom of a country: to a German diplo
mat it is the most natural to see the
President and his wife seated thus, be
cause the Empress always sits at the
right of the Emperor, being considered
the first lady at all times.
Upon Lady Pauncefote devolves the
duty of signaling to the ladies to rise;
perhaps this motion is in many cases
not unwelcome, for in the placing of
sixty-three guests many a trying situ
ation must be involved. No doubt
sparking interchange of thought is la
bored with the Minister from Korea, no
less than when uncongeniality dampens
one's powers of repartee.
RICHARD HAMILTON POTTS.
2930
FAVORITE DISHES OF WELL KNOWN CHEFS
EGGS, eggs, eggs, eggs in every
way.
How many eggs o you think
are consumed In San Francisco
on Easter Sun<" iy? Just stop and
do a little lightning calculation of
your own before you read on. And
then find that, though you have placed
the figures pretty hieh, you have fallen
wide of the mark. For S-n Francisco
never does anything by halves, and
when it falls a-egg-eating it means
that the chickens have had to do their
level best to provide a supply of rgs
large enough to meet the demand.
Between the hours of sunrise and
Bunset on Easter Sunday 800.000 eggs
are consumed in the city of San Fran
cisco. Eight hundred thousand eggs
demolished In one day! And that Is a
conservative estimate arrived at by
studying facts and figures as found in
the books of produce houses that sup
ply the market with eggs.
Several of the commission merchant*
place the total number of eggs con
sumed at a higher figure. But averag
ing the figures offered by those who
have the necessary data to make a
computation, the result is the startling
fact that 800,000 .eggs are used on Eas
ter Sunday.
The average length of an ci" is 2%
inciies, therefore 800.000 eggs would, if
placed Bide by side, make a line a little
over twenty-eight miles ■"■•. length. Or
in other words, San Francisco on Eas
ter Sunday consumes twenty-eight
miles of eggs.
According to the City Surveyor s fig
ures it is a little over seven miles from
the foot of Market street to the Cliff
House. If you started in at the foot of
Market street and strung 800,000 eggs,
one touching the other, from that point
to the Cliff House, you would have
enough eggs to place a double row on
each side of the street the entire dis
tance. Ami there would still be enough
left to make scrambled eggs for a hun
dred of the bigsrest egg-eaters that the
city could produce.
.fust to what use the 800.000 eggs or
twenty-eight miles of eggs are put it
is hard to say accurately. A large
jiumber of them are converted into bril
liant colored hard-boiled Easter eggs to
rielight the eyes of the children at the
expense of their stomachs if they at
tempt to eat ti>o many. Easter comes
but once a year and most children are
allowed to give their appetites full
pwing. The number of eggs that one
healthy child can consume is in direct
ratio as Incredibly large as the number
consumed by the entire population.
The hotels and restaurants use an un
usually large number of eggs on Easter.
Nearly everyone eats eggs for break
fast on that day even though they es
chew them or. all other days. Then
dishes are selected for the menus that
require a great many eggs. A great
many families make of the Easter
morning breakfas an egg-eating con
test.
The bakeries do their share to bring
the number up to 800,000. Not only is
the demand for pi s and cakes greater
on holidays, but in order to have their
confections especially good It is neces
sary to use a larger number of eggs
than are ordinarily put into them.
Since there are almost 300.000 people
In San Francisco the 800,000 eggs, if
TIIE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APEIL 10, 1898.
equally distributed, would give each In
dividual 2 2-3 eggs.
In one way or another San Francisco
consumes its twenty-eight miles of eggs
—soft or hard, colored or natural,
boiled, fried, poached, baked, scrambled
or rolled into an omelette. Some like
them hot some like them cold, children
have even been kn^wn to eat them nine
days old.
Next day there Is generally a sudden
falling off In the egg sales. An anti
egg feeling, as it were, sets in. There
are those who even wait a year before
falling to again. But when Easter
comes round again they join the jubi
lant throng in trying to drive the egg
consumption of San Francisco over the
1,000,000 mark and join the joyous Eas
ter shout of eggs, eggs, eggs.
Of Ruskin Professor Muller says
that he was uncompromising and se
vere onl;' with his pen. "He was re
ally the most tolerant and agree
able man in society. He could dis
cover beauty where no one else could
see it, and make allowances where
others saw no excuse. I remember
him as diffident as a young girl, full
of questions, and grateful for any in
formation. Even on art topics I have
watched him listening almost defer
entially to others who laid down the
law in his presence. His voice was al
ways most winni.-g, and his language
simply perfect. He was one of the
few Englishmen I knew who, instead
of tumbling out their sentences like so
many portmanteaus, bags, rugs and
hat boxes from an open railway van,
seemed to take a real delight in build
ing up their sentences, even in famil
iar conversation, so as to make each
deliverance a work of art. Later in
life that even temperament may have
suffered much, and one saw that his
wounds had not quite healed."
If ever there was an active, power
ful brain, adds Muller, !t was Rus
kin's. He worked very hard, "but I
doubt whether hard work by itself can
ever upset a healthy brain. His was a
very sensitive nature, and an over
wrought sensitiveness is much more
likely to cause mischief than steady
intellectual effort.
"I remember taking Emerson to
lunch with him in his rooms in Corpus
Christi College. Emerson was an old
friend of his. and in many respects a
cognate soul. But some quite different
subject turned up, a heated discussion
ensued, and Ruskin was so upset that
he had to quit the room and leave us
alone. Emerson was most unhappy
and did all he could to make peace,
but he had to., leave without a recon
ciliation. , „ ', ■,
"It is very difficult to make allow
ance for these gradual failures or
brain power." „
Matthew Arnold Professor Mulier
had known at Oxford as an under
graduate, and he watched and ad
mired him to the end of his life. He
was beautiful as a young man, strong
and manly, yet full of dreams and
schemes. His Olympian manners be
gan even at Oxford; there was no
harm in them, they were natural, not
put on. The very sound of his voice
was Jovelike."
He was a delightful man to argue
with, not that he could easily be con
vinced that he was wrong, but he
never lost his temper, and in the most
patronizing way he would generally
end by, "Yes, yes! my good fellow, you
are quite right, but, you see, my vie«.
of the matter Is different, and I hare
little doubt it is the true one!"
Of living personages, and especially
of living royalties, Professor Muller
abstains from recording his recollec
tions, a wise abstention, yet one which
undoubtedly robs his readers of much,
interesting material. But here and
there a harmless anecdote finds its
way through his reticence.
Thus he resolutely closes his lips in
regard to the Prince of Wales' stay
at Oxford, save that he considers
himself entitled to produce one small
treasure from the many he has stored
in his memory. This is a sixpence
which he won from his royal highness
at whist.
"I have always been a very bad whist
player, but good luck would have it
that I won a sixpence at Frewen Hall,
the Prince's residence at Oxford. The
Prince maintained that I had calcu
lated my points wrongly, but not be
ing a courtier, I held my own, and
actually appealed to General Bruce
When he decided in my favor, the
Prince graciously handed me my six
pence, which I have kept ever since
among my treasures."THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 10, 1898,
Hosanna
EASTER SONG.
fULES GRAKIEH
MUSIC BY JULES GRANIER.
31
■COFY.fK] GrHT I 89832
FRATERNAL
NEWS.
THE EASTERN STAR.
The district meeting of Beulah Chapter
will be held tn-nmrrow night, and that of
Harmony Chapter on Friday next.
The worthy grand matron has been
making an extended tour of the chapters
in the southern part of the State, having
visited all th.is.- on the line between this
city :uid Los Angeles, those in that city,
Escondido, Pasadena, Redlands and San
Diego.
All the prominent members of this or
der are at this time engaged In the work
of arranging for the Masonic Fair.
ODD FELLOWSHIP.
Apollo Lodge on the Ist inst. celebrated
its thirty-pei ond anniversary In the locge
room. There was a large attendance of
members and visitors and there was dur
ing the evening presented an interest
ing programme of entertainment. This
was followed by an invitation by Louis
Hammersmith, nohle grand, to all pres
ent to partake of a collation that had
been prepared for them. The inter
change <v fraternal feeling was pleasant
and profitable to aJI.
On the 19th inst. Parker Lodge will have
work in the initiatory degree which will
be followed by a banquet.
Abon Ben Adhem Lodge pave an enter
tainment to Its members last Thursday
night which was a very enjoyable af
fair.
On the evening of the 2>Uh in=t. there
will be a picnic' at Shell Mound P;crk
given under the auspices of the Second
Regiment i>f the Patriarchs Militant, and
in the evening there will be a grand en
tertainment In Odd Fellows' llall given
by all the local lodges.
The relief committee visited California
Lodge last Monday night and the mem
bers met with a very "vrdial greeting by
the many who were in attendance.
An individual styling himself "Dr." N.
G. Welsh presented himself to the relief
committee some time since and applied
for relief on the representation that he
was a member of Rochester .Lodge No.
756 of the Jurisdiction of Pennsylvania,
in need of temporary assistance. Since
then the committee has learned by wire
that there is no puch lodge in existence.
the impostor, who is well up in the work
of the order, and even had the semi
annual password of the previous term,
was taken to the basement of the City
Hall, where he was presented to the as
sembled watches. The officers were di
rected to watch him. All the lodges in
this jurisdiction have been warned aa to
"Dr." Welsh.
The Veteran Association will pay a
fraternal visit on Thursday next.
THE REBEKAHS.
California Rebekah Lodge will give a
granu ball and entertainment in Memo
rial Hall, Odd Fellows' building, on the
evening- of Friday, the 15th inst. This
lodge is uiie of the progressive ones of
the order, anil the committee on enter
talnm.-nt alwava gets up a pleasant even
ing's enjoyment for its friends.
The grab bag social that was given la«»t
Wednesday night by Oriental Lodge was
atteniSil by about one hundred and fifty
gersons, who were made to ff>el at home
y the committee on entertainment.
THE WORKME.n.
Prosperity Lodge, the banner lodge of
the State, which was instituted at the
session of the previous Grand Lodge, and
during its year of existence Increased its
membership from twenty-five charter
members to 212, and was on last Thursday
presented with a silken banner by the
Grand Lodge, which closed its session
that day, will celebrate its first anni
versary on Tuesday, the 19th inst., by a
grand hall In California Hall.
M '-mortal Lodge had two initiations last
Monday night.
The entertainment that was given last
Monday night by Magnolia Lodge to the
members or the Gra..d Lodge was a very
successful affair. There was a very large
attendance, and there was presented an
interesting programme, which included
addresses by W. H. Jordan, Judge George
H. Bahrs, then grand foreman; Dr. G. \V.
alt, past grand medical examiner;
District Deputy Z. T. Whitten, James
Lennon of Merced, E. J. Crowley of Noe
Valley Lodge, J. Horton of Fresno, Dr. J.
Leffler of Spartan Lodge, E. F. Joy of
Valley Lodge, L. A. Woodmansee of Paso
Robies, E. S. Easterbrook of Fresno and
D. E. Saunders of Waterford. There were
songs and recitations by Gus Pohlman
Walter Malloy and J. J. Van. Ness.
THE NATIVE SONS.
«j«orge D. Radcliff Is one of the latest
candidates for the office of grand trustee.
He ia past president of Watsonvllle Par
lor.
Pactflo Parlor has elected the following
named as delegates to the Urand Parlor:
James D. Phelan, Leonard Stone, S. V.
Costello and Daniel A. Ryan; alternates—
J. R. Kropp, F. W. Smith, G. B. Stangen
i erger and Jerry Looney.
The third picnic of the '49ers will be
held in Sehuetzon Park on the 24th inst.
The following are the delegates and al
ternates from California Parlor to the
Grand Parlor: Charles A. Boldeman, L.
Dennery, James P. Dockery, James J.
Jamison and Will D. Shea; alternates—
M. A. Ephraim. W. D. Hobro Jr.. John F.
Llnelian, John F. Morse, J. B. Stovell and
R. P. Wieland.
Robert W. Martland, the genial man
ager of tho Native Sons" building, has
taken up his summer residence with his
family at Sausalito and has secured the !
Sequoia Cottage, named for the parlor ;
of which he is a prominent member. He j
has at his new home a magnificent yacht, ;
which has been named the Highflyer. H-e
Will take great pleasure in giving his
friends an opportunity to examine the '
tine marine structure. Joe Jordan, the
water-front reporter, will be the naviga- j
ting officer.
Stanford Parlor No. 76 will give its an
nual high jinks to the delegates to the
Grand Parlor in the banquet hall of the
Native Sons' Hall on the evening of the
23d of April. E. L. Head. J. J. McCarthy,
W. A. Deane, E. J. Casey and G. D. Phil- '
lips, the committee on entertainment, is
working hard to make this the most ex- '
cellent affair of the kind that has ever :
been given by this parlor.
California Parlor, which is always In
the front rank in the matter of entertain
ing its friends, gave an invitational high
links in the banquet hall of the Native :
Sons' building last Thursday night. As
proof of the popularity of this parlor it !
.v necessary only to state that of three i
hundred and fifty Invitations Issued all ;
but two wore presented at the door. Al
Davis, H. F. Pernau. W. D. Hobro Jr.. i
A. C. Connor and E. A. Jaujau. who were ;
the committee on entertainment, present- |
ed a fine programme of music, song and •
fancy dancing, which was successfully
carried out under the direction of Riggs
Nathan, the master of ceremonies. The '
Instrumental music was furnished by the
Native Sons' band, of which "Professor j
Souser," <ommonly called R. D. Barton, j
1b the leader. The talent of the evening
was Charles Cathcart. Loulb Buller, i
George Llttie, Ben Davis, James P. Dock
ery. B. F. Ilanlon. the Colored quartet, i
Messrs. Harris, Perley and Ryan; also
Miss Klttey, who gave steps in fancy
dances.
OUR NATIVE DAUGHTERS.
On the evening of Monday, the 25th
inst.. Mission Parlor Hall, on Seventeenth
strt-it, will he converted into an orange
grove by the members of Las Lomas
Parlor, who. on that night, will give an
orange social which will include a lit
erary programme, songs, music and dan
cing. Miss Mattie Farris is the chair
woman of the committee on entertain
ment.
Romneya Parlor, which was recently in- i
Htituted at Volcano, Ainador County, has
changed its name to Conrad out of com
plimeni to thu grand president, Mrs.
Belle \Y. Conrad. The president of the
ii.-w parlor Is Miss Eva Murphy and the
ling secretary is Miss Vaniiie Mo-
Laughlin.
FORESTERS OF AMERICA.
Court Bonita has elected Ira W. Co- j
burn and John Heenan as delegates to j
the Grand Court, and Henry Ruble and
John Lynch as alternates. This court
has appointed a committee to give an
entertainment on the anniversary of its
Institution.
Considerable activity of late has been
manifested in this order, and quite a
number of courts have been working in
the initiatory degree. Most of the court
HALE BROS. |
ig j^ ■»^^: : j, ■ ~ j ■^.-ji ■ -■ ■ j vc *m^^^ j ■ =; 3=»> m —~ — • U ~ — ye % B™^B m Br^ *"^B . p y— B^3
BAZAAR ITEMS
IN OUR
NEW ANNEX.
Well worthy of every woman's attention!
This Is a happy hint for the housewife hunt-
ing for household articles. We used to be
crowded In our old Bazaar downstairs—
thing Is changed now— plenty of room, light,
service, stock, lots of novelties, one price and
Hale's guarantee, the best for your money that
money can buy.
Pondre de Ris (a face powder) 15C
Colgate's Elder Flower Soap (large \f\c
size) IVY
Colgate's Violet Toilet Powder 10C
Colgate's Hair Tonic Lotion (rum and O£lr»
quinine •*"•
Colgate's Chemically Pure Glycerine
(Inodorous for toilet, good for rough | f\f
complexions caused by April weather) ivy
French sample line of Hair Brushes
(no two alike) variety of woods SAp
Each »1 50 to Wuw
Molded Glass Water Bottle I^JC
Molded Glass Wine Decanter 1 "5C
Molded Glass Oil or Vinegar Jug lOC
Mustard Pot and Spoon (China, gold 7/-»
band) * V*
China Bone Dishes, floral designs In AR/>
gold ZOv
Opalescent Glass Vase I Oc*
Writing Tablet, note size, cream laid or |A/>
ruled lUL
Envelopes, square or oblong. 60-lb. •
Cream Paper, box of 250. a specially
advantageous lot we bought very OEf»
cheap, worth 60c JmtJ\*
Alma Shoe Dressing | Bf^»
Brownie Lunch Box 8c and 1 Or*
Telescope Basket and Strap. 14 Inch, for
picnics, "handy storage for a heap ocr,,
of things 11 OuC
NEW ■
MILLINERY
DEPARTMENT
IN THE
NEW ANNEX.
It's a great responsibility catering in
Millinery to the ladles of San Francisco.
Our NEW MILLINERY DEPARTMENT Is
one of our most surprising successes.
We hoped to win favor —we bought the
best the French and Eastern markets af-
ford — engaged Miss Ryan of New York,
Miss Kirchner as head trimmer and ten young
assistants — more orders than these ladies
could — engaged ten more assistants, and
after months of careful planning— buying— our
New Millinery Department is one of which
we are justly proud. We alone did not make
It a success; but after putting before you,
ladles, the best- Millinery you Inspected, ap-
proved, bought — you caused our success.
-■-.■--■-■:-.
officers and those who have been elected
as delegates to the Grand Court, that is to
meet in Healdsburg, are busy discussing
proposed legislation that will be brought
before the grand body.
COMPANIONS OF FOREST. F. O. A.
John Bickford has been elected dele
gate from Bonlta Circle to the Grand
Circle and Miss Bailey was chosen as
alternate.
At Golden Gate Council last Tuesday
night seven candidates were initiated.
The grand chief companion has an
nounced the following visits: Thursday,
the 14th. to Orange Blossom Circle, Oro
vllle; 15th, Yuba Circle, Marysville; 19th,
Presidio Circle, San Francisco; 20th, Sur
prise Circle, Woodland; 23d, Freedom
Circle, Nevada City; 27th, University
Circle, Golden Gate. She will make them
in the month of May.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF HONOR.
The eleventh session of the Grand
Lodge of the Knights and Ladies of
Honor will be held In this city In Pythian
Castle on the 19th inst. Mrs. Belle W.
Conrad will retire from the office of
grand protector, and Z. T. Whitten of
this city and H. C. Traphagen of San
Jose will be candidates for the office. S.
B. Carleton, who for eleven years has
been a very efficient grand secretary, will
decline the offer to be continued in office,
on account of other Interests demanding
too much of his time. A. Gompertz and
H. W. Qultzow are candidates for the
office.
The past grand protector of Sacra
mento was in this city last week.
NATIONAL UNION.
Last Monday evening at the meeting of
Yosemite Council there was the initiation
of one candidate, after which A. A. Her
zog was elected usher and F. G. Rumpf
speaker. It was decided that hereafter,
after initiation In this council, there
shall be a programme of song, music and
talks, also a collation.
Last Tuesday night California Council,
after the business meeting, was enter
tained with an interesting programme,
during which there was a great deal of
talk in favor of supporting "Old Glory-"
C. E. Kerr entertained with a solo vocali
zation, Joseph Semeria told some comic
stories, Vice-President H. A. Graves read
an Instructive article on fraternal insur
ance, the quartet charmed the council
with vocal selections, and Secretary King,
Past President Hastings and Messrs. Gib
son and Copperwaithe roused the council
to a high pitch of enthusiasm by ad
dresses on the duty of the hour in up
holding the honor of the United States
and standing by the American flag.
Golden Gate Council will next Tuesday
have several candidates to initiate.
Prospects are that the entertainment to
be given on the 19th of May in Odd Fel
lows' Hall In celebration of the anniver
sary of the order will be a grand affair.
THE CHOSEN FRIENDS.
There was a good attendance in the
hall of Empire Council on last Monday
night on the occasion of the official visit
Of the grand officers. Addresses were j
made by Grand Councilor Boehm, Su
preme Councilor Button, Grand Recorder i
Wallis and Past Supreme Councilor Ar- |
nold. There were also remarks by mem
bers and visitors and the membership
promised to advance the interests of the
order by personal efforts.
Social Council had an initiation last
Thursday night, and after the work there
were addressee by Past Supreme Coun
cilor Arnold. Assistant Grand Councilor
Savage, Grand Recorder Wallis, Deputy
Gibson and others. California Council ]
will consolidate with the council on the
21st inst., and on that evening there will
be an entertainment of the new mem
bers. The council expects to initiate
ten members before the close of May.
Last Tuesday Assistant Grand Coun
cilor Savage and Grand Recorder Wallis
visited Teutonia Council and witnessed an
initiation conducted in the German lan
guage. The council was addressed by the
visitors.
The grand officers will visit Crystal
Council on the 14th inst.
There will be a district meeting of the
THE SAIS T FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 10, 1898.
HALE BROS.
All those delicate touches necessary for personal adornment for Easter— all those little aids which woman, lovely
woman, uses to still further increase her charms— all these have been bought, and the Easter woman is symbolical
of all that is chic in Fashion's realm. Now
THE HOUSEWIFE TURNS TO BEAUTIFYING THE HOME.
After we get a work of art, such as an oil painting, we enhance its value by a good frame, and so a good housewife
further surrounds her charms by thoroughly renovating her home after Easter. Down come the curtains, up with
carpets. There's a reign of soap
. . . AND . . .
Elbow-grease— there's a feeling of discomfort for hubby for a time; but after the home takes on clean carpets, new
curtains, new bedspreads, the dining room receives its new linen, madame's boudoir receives brighter hues— and hubby's
library its spring cleaning ! After all this
LIFE SEEMS AGAIN ONE BRIGHT HONEYMOON.
It's so, good wife, isn't it? You know how it was last year. Hard time, spring cleaning! But then how satis-
fied hubby is— what a cosy air the clean-up has given your home, and life is brighter. Did we help you then?
If we did you were satisfied. If we didn't we want to this year.
CLOAK
DEPARTMENT.
Some happy combinations of skirts and shirt
waists shown in our new cloak department in
; the new annex. Just as strong this season will
be the demand for shirt waists, they are so
j readily adapted to separate skirts. So many
combinations can be formed that they are
naturally very popular. ■;;,;;;■'
SEPARATE
SKIRTS.
Separate Skirts In black figured al- '■•*
paca, lined with percaline, bound (tQOfl
with velvet... y*.-^>
Black Figured Mohair Skirts, large
patterns, all lined and bound with <]?Q.50
velvet <J>O — ■
FANCY
DEPARTMENT.
Ladles' fads have to be studied; we have to
carry a very extensive line of almost as
great a variety as ribbons: individual skirts
and shirt waists give one's fancy plenty of
scope to choose a belt— the gorgeous Ro-
j man Jeweled one to white kid ones. We quote:
' Roman Jeweled Belts and Girdles, (PQ.75
I in gold and gunmetal *1.00 to «PO
New Imitation Lizard Belts, lined and
stitched: harness buckle; in brown FZf\(*
and green WUv
Fancy Leather, including Bayadere
Stripes— colors green, red, brown eA/«
and tan , «Jv/V*
Morocco Leather Belts, with purse at-
tached—black, red, green and *7 'KJ/-»
brown '* *J>*
I White Kid Belts; harness buckles; ("Ap
neat effect ....3Sc to *J\J\o>
Country orders should be sent in per return for all advertised goods. Prompt orders insure, as a rule,
getting "Specials." We will do our best not to disappoint our country patrons. We serve all alike.
Get one of our Spring Catalogues Free— that is, get one if you live out of town.
937-939-941-943-945-947 T-T /\ T |IFTP? MARKET STREET, S. F.
flBHSlBBflBflBl BBbbH ■^888# r ' ■' - .;■..-.
' councils of Oakland in the hall of Cal!
: fornia Council on the 22d inst. This will
be under the direction of District Dep
; uties Emma Jackson and Emma Free
' man.
Mrs. M. A. King, one of the most en
ergetic workers in the order, for twelve
years secretary of Fairmount Council,
' died a few days since and her remains
were followed to the grave by many
; members of the order.
IMPROVED ORDER OF RED MEN.
Last Monday night Osceola and Winne
mucca tribes had high life below stairs
in the big wigwam on Post street. It was
a grand smoker given by the two t ibes
in the basement of the wigwam, at the
suggestion of F. B. Swan, D. D. G. S.
Under the direction of W. E. E. Klipstein
of Osceola Tribe, who was the master of
ceremonies, there was presented a very
entertaining programme, and between
numbers a committee passed around pipes
and tobacco and a collation with accom
panying refreshments. The programme
included a short address by Deputy Swan,
trio by Messrs. Childers, Baumhauer and
Skirvin, recitation and presentation of
stereopticon views by Mr. Jennings, duets
by Klipstein brothers, recitation by F. D.
Brandon, banjo solo by G. Bramhall, ad
dress by Grand Chief of Records C. F.
Burgman and other numbers by volun
teers.
Great Senior Sagamore Joseph Allison
of the Great Council of Pennsylvania, the
largest jurisdiction of the order. In a let
ter to Henry A. Chase. P. G. S., of this
city, says: "We expect to have a large
increase this great sun— sure it will be
2500. Our present great sachem. Dr. Rod
gers, worked faithfully and zealously for
our order, and deserves all success possi
ble. I visited thirty-six tribes outside of
Philadelphia, been In twelve different
counties and traveled nearly 2200 miles.
Found all the tribes working well and
gaining in membership. We meet in
Honesdale next May and expect to make
a good report to the urand Council."
DEGREE OF POCAHONTAS.
At the meeting of the Daughters of
Montezuma Council in its wigwam last
Monday night two palefaces were adopt
ed, the work being done in a very satis
factory manner by the chiefs. After the
ceremony there were some short talks for
the good of tn*> order, and that was fol
lowed by the serving of a light collation
and the passing of a social hour.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
A new camp, composed entirely of Red
Men of the Improved Order, will be insti
tuted in the Red Men's wigwam on the
evening of next Wednesday. It has been
organized by H. B. Jennings, a hard
worker for fraternal advancement and
one of the great chiefs of the Red Men.
It will be, in compliment to the order
from which the membership is drawn,
called Calumet.
Head Manager Boak will go to Chico on
Thursday next to aUend a grand rally of
Woodmen in that place.
Next Wednesday evening the degree
team of Spruce tamp of Alameda will
confer the degree on a number of candi
dates for camps, botn cnarter and pro
visional, in the hall of Golden Gate Camp,
in Native Sons' Hall. As this is one of the
best teams in the jurisdiction, it will at
tract a large attendance of choppers.
Past Head Counsel Moses will shortly
attend a session of Woodmen in Salt Lake
City, when steps will be taken to form
ulate a reserve fund, a feature whicn all
new organizations are adopting.
Golden Gate Camp will give another
log-roller, with the view of beating the
record made at the last one held — t..at of
securing 107 applications.
COMPANIONS OF THE FOREST.
The open meeting by Loyal Circle
to-morrow night will be marked by an
excellent programme of song, recitations
and fancy dancing. The affair is to be
strictly invitational.
The Past Chiefs' Association will rive
a social on the 14th Inst. On the 12th Vio
let Circle will give a social, on the 16th
Washington Circle will give one and on
the 23d Loyal Circle is to give a ball.
The prospects are that two or three new
circles will be instituted In this city be
fore the first of May.
California Circle announces a private
masquerade for the 20th Inst.
HALE BROS.
There's an enlarged Curtain Department at your service better stock, more assistants;
a showroom for proper display of curtains; an air of actual comfort. .
2STEW DRAPERIES.
"53 pair NOTTINGHAM LACE CURTAINS— White and ecru; 4 yards long, 60 Inches •
wide: made of entire long threads; fancy floral border design 21 inches wide; <J!| SO
handsome centers. Per pair tj>l<
WHITE CURTAIN SWISS— 36 inches wide; in 8 designs: small, medium and large IA,-
dots; also figures and lace-stripe effects; fine appearance at little cost. Yard Ivy
NOVELTY'NET LACE CURTAINS— White and ecru; 3% yards long: 50 to SO inches C O •°°
wide. Per pair............ ...?..... .............. .....: «J><4 — -
There's higher grades at $2 75 and $3. The difference comes in the designs.
WHITE TAMBOUR SWISS CURTAINS— 3% yards long, 47 to 50 Inches wide; very
rich openwork effect; serviceable and reasonable; In 5 grades—
$2 25, 52.30, $2.75, $3.00, $3.50.
a ourtajnTspeoial.
500 pairs WHITE AND ECRU LACE CURTAINS— 3 yards long, 36 inches wide; floral K|"|/-» i
and fishnet ■ designs. Housewife's price, per pair tJxJK* j
200 TAPESTRY TABLE COVERS— 4x4 size; In 6 colorings; good serviceable cover, in CSf\r, I
neat designs. Each OVFw
IsTEVtf" JLiIISTEISrS.
30 pieces TABLE. DAMASK— UnbIeached; 54 Inches wide; variety of patterns. PerOK/>
yard ZOV^
20 pieces. Better Grade; bleached; 72 inches wide; all pure linen; 8 patterns; regular CA r
65c. Housewife's price, per yard 01/ v
15 pieces, still Better Grade: 66 Inches wide; all linen; extra heavy; grass bleached
and white once, white always; ten patterns; regular Ssc. Housewife's price, perTPT^-*
yard I .- (Ov
100 DOZEN BLEACHED DAMASK NAPKINS— 22 inches square: all linen: extra
fancy design; you can celebrate with these many Easters from now. House- (P().OO
wife's- price, per dozen <J7.*5
50 DOZEN HUCK TOWELS— ISx3S inches; heavy weight: closely woven; fringed. Cl-25
■ Housewife's price „... tp 1
50 DOZEN HUCK TOWELS— Hemmed: 26x42; extra large. Housewife's price, each.. QA/>
40 DOZEN DAMASK TOWELS— 2Ox4I: all linen: knotted fringe; colored - borders. C O (>l >
Housewife's special, dozen .'.... €J>^
DOMESTICS.
This past week has been such a rush we did not place our new ginghams and organdies
on view. To-morrow many new arrivals welcome you. •
75 PIECES NEW PLAID ORGANDIES— In delicate light two and three color com-
binations; in 40 patterns: new zephyr gingham effects with boucle dimity IC/>
grounds: we show the new criss-cross color efffvts and the knotted plaids. Per yard BOw
3000 yards New Percale, 36 Inches wide, variety of medium and dark colors. Per *7 r+
v yard C C
NEW DRIVES~FORIIOUSEWIVES.
j 1 Case 5-4 Unbleached Muslin; full 45 Inches wide, regular price, $\(,c per yard. Spec-01/-.
lal ; O2v
j 200 White Crochet Spreads, for 3-4 beds; cleanliness at a minimum cost. Special, wMOf>
i 175 White Crochet Spreads, full size, hemmed, ready for use; regular value $1 15 OE£
Special, each ' cOL
j 200 Comforters, well filled with white cotton, figured cheese cloth covering, full size, ffcHT^
I . :i well made. Will sell well at C/OC
SOCIETY.
The dizzy whirl of society will be re
sumed after to-day, and dances, hops,
luncheons, theater parties and weddings !
innumerable are promised for the near ;
future.
Society has been busily planning for ;
the last few weeks, and the Easter bon- j
net is ready for Its fair wearer, and tne j
buds promise to look sweeter than ever |
this year.
The season of pleasure will not be long
here, for hardly will the Easter bells have
rung out their joyous peals before it will
be time for the fair devotees at the shrine
of society to be tripping away to their
country homes.
Mrs. Ed Newhall entertained the Colo
nial Dames at a colonial breakfast at her '
home in San Rafael on Tuesday. 'me
service was of old silver and china. The
ladies went across the bay on the 11
o'clock boat, and held a short business 1
session before sitting down to breakiast.
A merry afternoon was spent, the twen
ty-five guests returning to the city at 5
o'clock.
Owing to Holy Week, the musical ride
to have been given on Thursday by the
San Francisco Kiding Club was deferred,
as many members did not care to partici
pate.
The members of the Entre Nous Cotll- j
lon will give their sixth assembly and :
gc-rman on Friday evening, April 29, at |
the Palace Hotel.
ihe members of the N. S. L. -K. 10
have issued invitations .or an "at home"
for next Tuesday evening, April 12, at ;
Sherman, Clay & Co's Hall. It promises i
to be a most successful and brilliant
gathering.
Mrs. I. L. Reo.ua and Mrs. Long will
give a double luncheon at their Piedmont
home on April 12, when Mrs. George j
Crocker will be the guest of Mrs. Requa
and Miss Rutherford of Mrs. Long.
Among those sailing for Honolulu on
the steamer Zealandia April 6 were: Mrs. i
P. A. Bemis, M. H. Boye, Miss S. D. Boye, i
Miss L. Boye, E. H. Cant, Miss Frances
A. Clark, Miss Mary P. Clark, D. J.
Coleman and wife. Miss L. M. Curtis,
Miss F. L. Curtis E. P. Danforth and
wife, Mrs Edwin Danforth, Miss F. M.
Danforth. A. M. Drake and wife, T. A.
Driscoll. Charles Ebbeke, Miss Anna C.
Edwards, Mrs. M. M. Garoutte, E. A.
Hochwalt and wife, J. H. Humphreys,
James Inksetter and wife, the Misses (2)
Inksetter, H. W. Jones, W. B. Jones. Mrs.
A. B. Loebenstein, Mrs. F. W r . Macfar
lane and child, Mrs. Cora Dean Martin,
R. H. Porter, H. Hayden Sands, Miss
Sands, J. Sumner, Mrs. R. A. Tomes and
daughter, Mrs. J. M. Driscoll.
Jhevj're Engaged.
The wedding of Howard Badger, for
merly of Stockton but now with the Bell
Telephone Company In this city, and
Miss Mary Ellen Thomas, daughter of
Mayor W. R. Thomas of Oakland, ■will
take place on Wednesday, April 20, at
the home of the bride's parents, 816
Eleventh street, Oakland, in the presence
of relatives and intimate friends only.
Miss Irene Baker and Miss Ethel Bates
will be the bridesmaids and A. D. Fitz
nugh will act as best man. After the
wedding there will be an informal recep
tion. The couple will pass their honey
moon on a southern trip, after which
they will reside at the corner of Market
and Eleventh streets, Oakland.
The engagement is announced of Mat
thias C. Lorigan to Miss Tessie Wempe.
The wedding will take place the middle
of May.
The engagement Is announced of Miss
Edith D. Solomon to Hyman Falk, both
of this city. They will receive Sunday,
April I<, from 2 to 5 p. m., at the resi
dence of Miss Solomon's mother, 2013
Bush street.
The wedding of Miss Edna Rosengarden
apd Sigmund Bauer Is announced for the
17th inst.
The engagement Is announced of Miss
Lillian M. Murphy, daughter of ex-Judga
HALE BROS.
and Mrs. D. J. Murphy, to Arthur G.
Hawley of Berkeley, The wedding -will
take place on April the 30th at the resi
dence of the bride's parents, 129 Liberty
street.
Mr. and Mrs. William Wolff announce
the engagement of their daughter Celia !
to Joseph Levy of Lakeport.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Constance A. Milton of Sausalito and
George D. Campbell of San Francisco.
Mr. and Mrs. M. Ettling announce the ;
engagement of their daughter Ray to
Ralph Davis.
Announcement is made of the engage
ment of Miss Esther Theresa Schreive ;
and Ricardo Juan Jose. Miss Schreive Is
the niece of Mrs. Theresa F. Parrott.
Kelson Phelps, the mining man, has an
nounced his engagement to Miss Edith
Cullen of Oakland. The bride-elect Is a
sister of Mrs. Charles M. Goodall. Mrs.
Arthur Wilson and Miss Florence E. Cul
lon. The marriage will take place in the
near future.
The engagement is announced of Dr. E.
C. Love of Selma, son of Mr. and Mrs. R.
S. Love of Haywards. and Miss Millicent
F. Wheaton. daughter of Mr. and Mrs. |
Thomas Whoaton of East Oakland. Miss :
Wheaton is a member of the Hughes and j
Monday doming Musical clubs and of the
First Presbyterian Church choir.
Wedding Bells.
A dainty wedding took place at high
noon at St. Paul's Episcopal Church on
Wednesday. The participants were Wil
liam H. Levings. a prominent young :
journalist of this city, and Miss N. Lillian
Walker, daughter of Mrs. Orveille N.
Purely of Boston.
Miss Mildred Well was married to Julius
S. Schweizer at the home of her parents, j
ISI4 Pine street. Rev. J. Voorsanger offi- ;
elated. The bride wore a traveling gown j
of pearl gray. A handsome hat completed j
! the toilet. Her bouquet was of lilies of •
I the valley. Miss Ella Schweizer. sister of
; the groom, was maid of honor. Her gown
' was of pure silk and chiffon. Miss Annie
. Weil and Miss Edna Weil, sisters of the
1 bride, were the other attendants. Their j
: frocks were of organdie, one over pink, the !
other over blue silk. Bernhard Weil was
i best man and Alexander Schoenfeld, Al
plionse Weil. Davis Schoenfeld. Leo Weil
and S. B. Hamburger the ushers. Alma
■ Schoenfeld, as flower girl, led the proces
sion, which came in to the march of
: Mendelssohn, played by Julius, Alva and
j Milton Posner and Miss Grace Crocker.
I The bride was attended by her father and
Mrs. Well, who wore a handsome black
velvet and stood with the wedding partj'.
The wedding of Louis Aucker and Miss
Phoebe Greenbaum took place Sunday
week at the residence of the groom's sis
ter, 722 Golden Gate avenue. Rev. Dr.
Levy officiated. Only the immediate rela
tives were present.
Miss Ray Morris of this city and M. Z.
! King of Los Alamos were married on
Sunday last at the home of the bride's
parents. Mr. and Mrs. K. Morris, 1309
! Webster street. The ceremony was per-
I formed by the Rev. Dr. Levy of the
Geary-street Tetn^ie. The bride wore
white organdie over white.
A quiet but very pretty wedding was
celebrated at 1817 McAllister street, the
residence of Mr. and Mrs. A. Mayfield,
when their daughter, Miss Lillie Mayfield,
was united in marriage to Mr. Lipman
M. Kaiser by the Rev. I. Myer. The cer
l emony took place in the presence of the
| immediate families of the young couple,
and scores of congratulatory telegrams
| were received from all parts of the globe.
Mr. Kaiser is a member of the well
known firm of Hlrsch & Kaiser and Miss
Mayfield is one of California's most beeu
tiful and accomplished daughters. The
parlors were handsomely decorated for
the occasion with ferns, smilax and roses
and were a veritable bower of beauty.
Mr. and Mrs. Kaiser will be at home at
1620 McAllister street after their return
from the South.
Only the relatives of the contracting
parties were present yesterday at the
HALE BROS.
EMBROIDERY I
REMNANTS.
Just In, new art goods, including' Afghans,
Baby Robes, Tambour Shams, Doylies, Scarfs
and Linen Picture Frames: on show for first
time Monday. Couldn't have come at a better
time— couldn't be sold at a better price.
ANOTHER
GOOD EASTERN BUY!
We always look out for good goods a
happy price — we like to buy up thousands of
yards of embroidery remnants— Is such
a move.
6000 yards fine open edge Cambric Em-
broidery-Remnants — 4% yards In the piece —
bought direct three weeks ago In New York
bought to open our embroidery season with—
of course they are clean, "fresh goods.
Lot 1 (see our counter)— 4%-yard piece. QA/> ■
Lot 2 (see our counter) — 4^-yard piece. O/f s*
Lot 3 (see our counter) — piece. OS/>
Lot 4 (see. our counter) — »%-yard piece. A PS/-»
WE SHOW TO-DAY
SHIRT WAISTS.
Fine, soft-finished percale, in Roman
stripes and checks, blouse front, "7*^/-* '
standing collar, all sizes C Ow
Better grade, with gathered back, all <t» 1.00
sizes €I>l
500 Ladies' Shirt Waists, fine percale, .
laundered, turn-down collar, laun-
• dered cuffs, yoke back, blouse effect,
dark and light colors; housewife's CZ.f\r*
special UUt
wedding of David H. Green, the young
commission merchant, and Miss Carrie
Wood, which took place at the home of
the bride's parents. Mr. and Mrs. S. N.
Wood. 1458 Page street. The ceremony
was performed by the Rev. Dr. Neito
shortly after noon. The parlors were
artistically decorated with roses, lilies
and smllax.
After the ceremony the twenty rela
tives present partook of an elaborate
breakfast, after which Mr. and and Mrs.
Green left for Del Monte, where the hon
eymoon will be spent. Upon their return
they will reside at 1458 Page street.
The wedding of Herman Sternan and
Miss Esther Cohen, daughter of Philip
Cohen, the California pioneer, took place
on Sunday at the home of Sigmund
Strauss, 1452 Leavenworth street. It was
a quiet affair.
The wedding of Arthur M. Humphrey,
with the firm of Taft & Pennoyer, and
Miss Mollie E. Shull took place on the
evening of the 30th ultimo at the home
of the bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs. Will
iam Shull, 53$ Jones street, Oakland. The
ceremony was performed by the Rev. Dr.
Coyle.
Ir\ Charity's Name.
The Board of Lady Managers of the
Eye and Ear Hospital, at 1107 Sutter
street, have undertaken to give a musl
cale and tea on the 16th of this month
at the residence of Mrs. Rebecca Jen
nings, which has been generously placed
at their disposal for the purpose. The
entertainment will be conducted in rather
a novel manner. It will not adhere to the
customary rigid programmes of such
affairs. Instead, it is intended to pre
sent specimens of the music of all na
tions, performed by appropriately cos
tumed performers, especial attention be
ing given to that of the Orient and its
peculiarly picturesque adornment. The
affair will borrow additional eclat fron»
being held in a favorable social environ
ment and under the auspices of so many
prominent ladies who constitute the
patrons of the worthy charity.
The young ladies who belong to the
auxiliary of the Children's Hospital de
termined to give up a day of each week
during Lent to sewing; not toying with
the needle and thread, concocting useless
trifles, but real serious sewing. And so
yards and yards of bright tennis flannel
were bought, scissors snapped merrily
fingers unused to the needle became deft
with practice, and the result is a heaping
pile of dainty little sacques.
This morning every child in the hospital
will be given one of these sacques. There
are pale pinks, dainty, blues, brilliant
crimsons and every other conceivable
shade to delight the eyes of the children.
And they are so soft and comfortable
in addition to being pretty. The chil
dren ought to have them, but many of
them are without them. One day one of
the doctors casually remarked "that it
would be a very pleasant thing for the
sick children if someone could devote one
afternoon a week in reading and playing
with them. And so it was that several
young ladies determined that the best
way to observe Lent would be to supply
this deficiency.
The young ladies who have met every
week to sew on these sacaues are the
Misses Ella Morgan, Mollie Thomas,
Helen Thomas, Therese Morgan, Helen
Hopkins, Edna Hopkins, Caro Crockett,
Emily Carolan, Genevieve Carolan, Alice
Hagar, Bertha Smith, Minnie Houghton,
Mary Eyre, Laura Bates, Gertrude Bates,
Miriam Moore, Frances Moore, Julia Av
erill, Clara Smedberg and Edith Mcßean.
personals.
Miss Ethel Keeney, with her grand
mother, Mrs. William Alvord, and Dr. J.
W. Keeney, left for New York on Sunday
last.
Mr. and Mrs. George Crocker and Miss
Rutherford spent last week at Del Monte.
Mrs. R. Chabot and Miss Kate Chabot
of Oakland went up to their country home
near St. Helena last week for an early
season's outing.
Mrs. Frances B. Edgerton and Miss
Leila Burton were entertained while In
Lincoln, Nebr., by Mr. and Mrs. "William
J. Bryan.
Mre. B. Chandler Howard reached here
by the last China steamer and exnecta to
HALE BROS.
DRESS GOODS
AND SILKS.
Our buyer for this department Just home-
Eastern and imported patterns— ideas—
elusive novelties— you will get the benefit la
the new goods on view.
RI ACY Now on sale, special value In black
DLAVIY figured silks— 2l and 22 inches wlda
Elill'DPn —exclusive designs— black satin
nUUHCV and gros grain— brocaded in small,
CII L'C medium and large designs—
JILIV3 dere and Barre effects— four quali-
',.-.■ ties. ■
$1.00, $1.25, $1.50, $1.75 Yard.
HI kCV With the return of our buyer
DLAIA our line is complete, including
en v new gauze effects so popular
3ILII In the East— (see Ladies' Horn*
r.DEViniKEC Journal. Vogue, etc.)— the»«
UKtNAlJlnt> goods are six qualities— U
and 45 inches wide — r , ;'
$1, $1.25. $1.50, $2.50, $2.75, $3 Yard ;
Fancy New Reps. Stripes, Checks. Silks. Bfty*-
deres. Plaids, etc., in very latest colorings,
five qualities —
75c, $1. $1.10, $1.25, $1.50 Yard.
' ' > "*^\
EAVrV This season's suitings ar««flßt
rANI/I varied. Wool Cheviots and Twills.
CIIITINftC 37 Inches wide, specially imported
OUlllnU3 for outing costumes and separata
— very dressy and will stand rougb
usage.
Per Yard 25c.
In fancy worsted saltings, S3 Inches wide, fte,
teen colorings— light or dark— goods that will
sell readily for Bummer vacation.
Per Yard 50c.
' * ' ' :.
COVERT Made from the highest crate ot
C\ ATHC wool. 45 inches wide, In new aotor* -
vLUIIIJ castors, greens, blues, beiges—
Per Yard 75c.
• '• \
"ART EXTRAS."
■ —■ J •
JUST OUT.
Infants' Swiss Pillow Covers; dainty raffia*
for dainty dimples.
Sofa Cushion Covers; all raffled; ready for aa
afternoon siesta.
Fine Stamped Linen Doylies; trays, scarfs,
splashers.
Handsome Veiling, Glove and Tie Cases.
NOTIONS.
■ :■ ■
50 dozen No. 2 and 3 Ladies' Stock-
inette Dress Shield" regular 10c kind. PZ.r»
Special OVi
J
400 Cubes Black Pins, 100 pins to the RT/-»
Cube ..; OO
3 gross Black Lenox Corset Steels, cor-
ered with drill for extra strength,
with one inch back, usually 7c. Spec- Art
lal T"VJ
remain a year, during which time her lit
tle daughter will attend school.
Mr. and Mrs. King left on Monday tat
their home in the south.
Mrs. Dr. C. E. Post and son have gxxna
to their ranch near Saratoga for th«
summer.
Registrar of Taxes O'Keeffe of Brook
lyn and his daughter. Miss Margaret, art
in the city and stopping at his sister's,
Mrs. P. J. Tobin in Berkeley, and will
leave for the East in a few days.
Miss Chispa de Greayer Sanbonv
daughter of W. D. Sanborn, general agwvt
of the Burlington system, has returned
home, after spending the winter In th«
East visiting her grandmother, Mrs. ft.
A. Sanborn, at Galesburg, 111.
Mrs. Mary E. Hart, who for several
months past has been visiting in Kansas
City and Southern California, has r«*
turned to her home at 1045 Market street
this city.
Colonel J. C. Curran, wife and daugfttwy
Miss Natallne, have removed to San
Mateo for the summer. Mrs. Smith ana
Miss Smith from New Hampshire, who
have been spending the winter at th%
Occidental, went with them.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
• ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ + ♦♦♦■♦■♦♦♦*
: her i
X • ' AGE ' " ' I
:-'■-' .:•■'? ft
. Have you ever realized how much d*. .£ : '
"T pends on a good complexion? Listens "ft
4. A lady whose complexion has been pre- .M
served by Lola ■ Montez Crem« and , :
I ■♦■ • proper treat- «4i
a • , ment, whoa« v
"▼" s£± skin la clear ▼*
-♦■ .u^. and healthy
"♦" -gjgfirJjKt- Bnrl without a 4
+ jWfWeC'W^g wrinkle; »h« "T
> W^ l^ may ** *>• but 1 ■
"♦" 'lei4B-W credit for it Hi!
+ fc, <c; «Sv credit for It. Hi-
-*■ fu^- Tl Now, consider j:i
iv- ji the lady whoa* T 1
+ - \ V If ' skin : haa be- -4»!
a- V^.^ | come sallow^ ji
"^ *■ JF >^~ v V withered, wrln- *» ■
j -i. /"?\*&i ■ kled and blem- -+«
" lshed ; through T !
I "T want of nour- "+ ,
.a. lshment and proper treatment. Sh«
may be ' 30. , but we : give her credit for ~
] + " many more summers. ■ *';•-■;.,-. +
a Do you • wish to retain youth as long a-
~ as possible? Are you at all Interested "^
i + In your general appearance? - Would -*• |
-.••■ you value a perfect complexion? Then T.r
| -T call this week. ■ v "T
*six FREE TREATMENTS $
j a; Will be given. I will remodel and reno-
~ vate your face; correct every defect and ~ ■
■4- make it youthful, healthy and beautiful. +
+ LOLA MONTEZ CREME iktn "S3 *
■♦• and tissue builder, a skin restorative "♦;
and preserver of beauty, of known • a
X 4 DAY HAIR RESTORER %l *& '%
_«.' "-.'. a natural restorer, guaranteed to restore T^
■» the coloring pigment to its original con- + J
i 4. dition, : thus reproducing the natural .a.
_T^ ; color of j the j hair. ~
; SUPERFLUOUS HAIR ?Ss»?r^J
• the- only means ever discovered— the .. j
■"» . • Electric Needle, as operated by MRS. "T 1
4. HARRISON. a- : I
.*• TDI A I ' PHT Ladies out of town ■ send- a. i j
•T 1 IllAL.ril i,; ing this ad., with 10c in "♦" i 1
-4- stamps, will receive a book . of lnstruc- -i 1
j a_ - ttons and a box of Lola . Montez Creme *
| "*■ and Face Powder, FREE. - . - + j
a Visit My Parlors and See "t"
T What May Be Done "♦"
Fop You. "♦"
: MRS. NETTIE HARRISON. J
• ■♦" j DERMATOLOGIST, -f ;
|^ 41-42 Geary St., San Francisco
•¥* ± * t * * * *±*A*i* •
. .. .. ;7.-;;.-.- - — ' — -; ->Church Windows.
FOR the combined purposes of ornamentation, practical use and the 11
lustration of religious thought, no portion of a sacred edifice Is more
rtant than its windows. In them the art of the day finds expres
through the grace of the designer and the skill of the painter; the
resa of the stained glass industry of the period is manifest, the
taptp? ■ !' the people apparent and their faiths and dogmas set forth so dis
tinctly that the historian, by turning to them, can discern at a glance the
artisanship and spiritual condition of the era In which the windows were
placed. Indeed, as monuments of historical worth, church windows can
scarcely be surpassed In value. By their mute yet eloquent agency, the mile
stones of religious progress may be traced from the sixth century to the pres
ent day, for colored windows existed at Constantinople at that time and also
in St. Peter's at Rome, and historians agree that they were in use as early
a? the third century. In Alsace may bt? seen a window of the eleventh cen
tury, undoubtedly the oldest specimen of the stained glass art which has sur
vived the ravages of time and accident. The most superb window of the pres
ntury is declared to be in the Parliament House, Edinburg. It is an
example of the Munich School of glass painting.
Windows for ecclesiastical usage, formed by mosaics of colored glass,
MEMORIAL WINDOW, TRINITY CHURCH.
one canonized here. The next largest windows are the
sanctuary window in the cathedral at Sacramento and
the transept windows in St. Francis de Sales, Oakland.
Three fine memorial windows have been recently
placed in Trinity Episcopal Church by Walter E. Dean,
George Marye Jr. and George A. Pope. These represent
Munich in ecclesiastical art, the subjects being "Christ
og Little Children," "The Resurrection" and "Ser
mon on the Mount." A pretty window, though not large,
in Trinity is a X" >i n t • '<l <me in the southeast transept, rep
resenting the baptism of Jesus Christ by St. John. A hand
some gift is the Calef window in the west wall.
A London window in Grace Church represents "Christ
ing Little Children." The same subject is carried
out with tenderness and skfil in the chapel of Maria Kip
•'•rphan.'tgf, the only stained glass window placed there,
and a beautiful piece of work.
St. Ignatius, one of the finest structures of its kind In
the United States and owning the largest and finest or
gan in the country, has only foreign windows in its mas
sive walls. St. B^rigid's is ornamented by a handsome
circular window some eight feet in diameter, exceedingly
rich in coloring, the center space presenting a life-like
portrait of the late Archbishop Alemany. Three win
dows in the Russian church are of local origin.
St. Mary's Church of the Paulist Fathers, for many
years a landmark on California street, has fourteen win
dows of especial interest. The two largest portray re
spectively "St. Paul Preaching at Athens," after Raphael's
Famous painting, and "The Conversion of St. Paul," after
Rubens. The Frank J. Sullivan memorial is a notice
ably fine window in St. Mary's.
St. Mary's Cathedral on Van Ness avenue, a splendid
plr-ro of architecture, has five local figure-windows of
much-admired workmanship, the majority of the others
being European. An Eastern memorial window of original
design is that In the Spanish Church on Broadway, lllus-
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APIiIL 10, 1898.
painted with an enamel *
made permanent by fire,
and presenting pictures
with the fidelity of an oil
painting made transparent,
had their origin in Chris
tian religion, although
Egypt in ancient times
used enamels to ornament
the surface of glass.
France and Germany claim
the distinction of discover
ing the art, but It is prob
ably in Italy that it was
conceived. During the thir
teenth century Italy gave
the works of many masters
to the world, but with the
passing of the centuries
her achievements have
ceased, and Germany now
leads in this, one of the
most noble of the arts.
The windows of the mod
ern house of worship are
the last subjects for con
sideration of the builders.
They do not, as a rule, ever
enter into the plans of the
contractor, but are the
gifts of wealthy members
of the congregation. The
erection of memorial and
decorative windows has
long been a custom both
appropriate and interest
ing, and fortunes innum
erable are yearly expend
ed in this way throughout
the world.
San Francisco, though so
far distant from the art
centers of the "t>!d world,
has not been deprived of
these objects of beauty. In
our churches may be found
splendid specimens from
Munich, a few of Eastern
make, one or two from
London, but — and this
speaks well for local art
and home industry — the
majority were manufac
tured here. To enumerate
all would be impossible, but
several of the most nota
ble may be mentioned. Of
these the greatest in size
west of the Rocky Moun
tains is in St. Rose's
Church, 16x33 feet, a
Gothic window beautifully
executed, representing St.
Rose of Lima in Dominican
garments, with a halo ol
her is the
Angrel of
Peace, bear
ing a palm
branch. St.
Rose is the
patron saint
of America,
and the only
MEMORIAL
WINDOW,
ST. JOHN'S
CHURCH.
CHAPEL WINDOW, MARIA KIP ORPHANAGE
trating the presentation by a native shepherd of the image of Guadalupe tt>
the Bishop.
The Frauen Verein some years ago gave a costly window to St. Paul's
Lutheran Church. Upon its left is Ste Paul with sword, to the right St. Pe
ter with keys; above, Bible, chalice and dove. The effect is striking, the
color scheme and execution most excellent.
"Christ Walking on the Water" is the theme of a very artistic piece of
work in St. Peter's on Alabama street. St. Francis is fortunate in its pos
session of "Our Lady of Lourdes" and "Sacred Heart." A window of note
in Westminster Presbyterian is the Greenwood memorial.
St. Dominic's has a beautiful window, delicate in coloring, yet charmingly
distinct, representing St. Raymon. The window attracts by reason of its ad
mirable detail, rather than its size.
Holman Hunt's celebrated picture, "Light of the World," is repeated with
fine effect in glass in St. John's Episcopal Church. The chancel windows here
are worthy of study. They are originals and represent the nativity, cruci
fixion and resurrection. Another notable window, a memorial, is the one ded
icated to St. John, in St. John's Presbyterian Church. The figure is finely
done and the coloring exceptionally pleasing.
St. Joseph's
has a sanctuary
window ex
tremely rich in
Its blended and
contrast ing
hues. "The Na
tivity" is the
Bubject. Here also the eye
rests with admiration upon
two memorial works of
stained glass art, the deli
cate tinting of which was
chosen because of the posi
tion they hold in regard to
light, "The Sacred Heart of
Our Lord" and "Sacred Heart
of the Virgin." The two ed
ifices now in course of con
struction, Holy Cross and
the new St. Luke's, will
ients of fine windows.
ROUND
WINDOW,
ST. BRiGID'S
CHURCH.
The custom of giving win
dows to churches is charac
teristic of all countries.
Gifts of superb masterpieces
are a source of pride and
pleasure to the donor, and no
testimonial of regard for a
dear one passed away or of
interest in the perpetuation
of religious thought, could
be more satisfactory or en
during. A handsome church
window is literally a thing
of beauty and a joy forever,
for unless wantonly destroy
ed by an act of vandalism it
is capable of withstanding
the forces of nature for cen
turies untold. Throughout
the ages it may serve the
manifold purposes of protec
tion from the elements, of
demonstration that a re
markable branch of art may
outlive nations themselves,
and of providing an object
lesson of singular historic in
terest. Thus the giver of a
window knows that the deed
is not one to last but a day
or a lifetime, but for a pe
riod the length of which no
prophet may determine.
The chief peculiarity of
church windows Is the irreg
ular system of lines travers
ing their surface, sharply
visible within as black divid
ing marks, but noticeable
from without as merely a
metallic means of connect
ing the colored panels. Opin
ion varies as to the desira
bility of these in point of
beauty, and unsuccessful at
tempts have been made to do
away with them, but their
utility in fastening together
the many pieces of mosaic
and the strength thus given to the whole make them indispensable. Ribbons of lead,
soldered at every angle, furnish this required support. So much a component cart of
the art are these lines that to eliminate them would d t th ti h f t
him who has studied with feeling the subject of windows
as offerings at the shrine of religion. In no way do they
interfere with the pictured whole, if properly placed.
Artists who paint on glass are confronted with condi
tions entirely absent from those in which the painter of
canvases employs his skill. It will be readily understood
that the methods of painting upon opaque and transpar
ent surfaces are essentially different. Outlines must be
sufficiently sharp to be seen clearly at a distance, else
the effect will be either wholly or partially lost upon the
observer, when figures are reproduced. In short, it is a
department of the painter's art that is a law unto itself.
The high lights are the natural color of the glass, known
to the artistas "pure" or "local" color. To produce
shadows or accentuated colors the enamel is laid on with
corresponding thickness. The glass must previously be
burnt very carefully in order to fix the enamel thereon. Dur
ing the last century England produced a number of not
able glass painters who have left us some fine specimens
of their handiwork.
THE NATIVITY, ST. IGNATIUS CHURCH.
Inseparable from the thought of church worship is the
softened, prismatic light cast within by transparent pic
tures that are sermons in themselves. He who con
structs them leaves a niche for himself In history, but of
those who see his achievements comparatively few realize
or appreciate the Infinite pains he has taken to produce
such results, or the high order of talent and careful plan
ning necessary to accomplish them. The maker of win
dows must be in thorough accord with his work in order
to be successful. He must be a student, a mechanic and
an artist, his idea of the fitness of things unerring, his
judgment thoroughly reliable. The slightest incongruity
in the work is not only perceived by all who are capa
ble of criticizing Its quality, but it will remain a lasting
reproach to him. There is no more pitiless searcher for
defects than the daylight, which, penetrating a window,
reveals its Imperfections, or, finding none, brings forth
for admiration of the observer the wonders that the maker
has wrought.
"When barrel organs, once the usual accompaniment of
the magic lantern, came into use, a native of the prov
ince of Tende was one of the first who traveled about
Europe with this Instrument.
In his peregrinations he collected money enough to
enable him to purchase from the King of Sardinia the
title of count of the country where he was born — for
which, probably, in a time of war, he did not pay above
a thousand guineas.
With the remainder of his money he purchased an es
tate suitable to his rank, and settled himself peaceably
for the remainder of his days in his mansion.
In the entrance hall of his dwelling he hung up his
magic lantern and his organ facing the door, there to
be carefully preserved till they moldered to dust; and
he ordered by his will that any one of his descendants who
should cause them to be removed should forfeit his in
heritance, and his patrimony revert to the next heir, or,
in failure of a successor, to the hospital of Tende.
Only a few years ago the organ and lantern wert still
to be seen carefully preserved.
3334
TIMELY CHAT
ON
BOOKS AND AUTHORS
ALSO
A FEW REFERENCES
TO
EDITOR BOX
Edward W. I^k, the gentleman who
conducts that comic monthly. The La
dies' Home Journal,
is a man of many |
parts. Indeed, I j
know of no one con- j
nected with the # i
American Press who
letter illustrates in
his own make-up as
•well as in that of his
paper the truth of !
Cowper's axiom,
that variety Is the
spice of life. Mr.
look's personality |
looms over every
page of his maga- j
F«nttmaker Bole
zlne, and his gigantic mentality makes ;
Itself apparent even in The departments j
supposed to be conducted by those more
or less intelligent females, who as
sume to give counsel to our wives, our
sisters and our daughters on the meth- I
ods they should adopt for the proper j
conduct of their li>jes. Do you wish
to know how many tlmet per evening
it is considered comme-il-faut to em
brace your best young lady? Ovid Bok
Will enlighten you. Are you in doubt
as to whether or not you should eat
ice-cream with a fork? Consult Ches- .
terfield Bok and he will guide you. Are
you anxious for political or diplomatic
preferment? Talleyrand Bok will as
sist you. Would you seek wealth on
the Klondike? Here are Expert Bok's
potent and original observations on the j
subject: "Chances on the Klondike de
pend, as everything else does, on the
young man who
takes th^m. So far
as the life is con
cerned, I think it Is
one of hardship and
dep ri v ation." "I
think" is good in
this connection, be
traying as it does
an intimate knowl
edge of the subject,
combined with an
unsought-for and
unexpected d i ffl
dence.
Talieynrd Bolt
N'nw, I am not one of those who, to
employ tho words of the first Psalm,
"pit in the seat of the scornful," at the
mention of religious matters, nor would
I. when hearing them discussed, an
swer with the sneer or the false pro
phet of old. "Which way wont the
spirit of th* Lord?" Nevertheless, 1
am decidedly opposed to the adminis
tration of spiritual advice and consola
tion In homeopathic doses, and regard
it little less than blasphemy to mix sec
ular and r^llginus matt j) in the man
ner that Mr. Bok does !n his Ladies'
Home Journal. Rarely a month passes
where this error against the canons of
good taste is not committed in Its most
flagrant form. Take the April Issue
for Instance. On page 40, in a column
headed "Problems of Young Men," by
Edward W. Bok. you may read this:
A YOt'NG MANS GREATEST HELP.
You tell me that many intellectual men
TEACHERS AND SCHOOLS.
The convention of the Southern Cali
fornia Teachers' Association, which was
held In Los Angeles during March 31 to
April 2, was largely attended by dele
gations of teachers from all the southern
counties.
One of the most Interesting talks of
the session was by Professor Starbuck of
Stanford, who took for his subject a
phase of child study which he called
ire Hewa First in the Rough." Pro
fessor Starbuck began by describing how
nature builds in minerals and in plants,
and then said that the teacher is learn
ing the secret that the same process of
development is followed in the human
being. If all this were thoroughly un-
Serstood, it would aid very materially in j
:he work of the school room.
Professor Starbuck emphasized the im
portance of kindergartens and manual
training in bringing all the activities of
\.he child into play. Touch, he asserted,
.s also fundamental, and at 12 years the
'.hinking machinery should be developed.
Esthetics and morals are tho funda
mentals of child nature. We must see
that these fundamentals are deeply in- |
grained in the child, and then nature will I
:ake tare of its own.
Professor J. IL Guinn made a strong
plea for systematic teaching of local his
tory as a "means of cultivating a love for
the subject and also as a preliminary j
step in the study of national and general
history.
"No State," said the speaker, "has a
more instructive, a more interesting or a i
more varied history than California, and
no State has had so many different forms
Of government. First, a semi-military, !
Bemi-eeclesiastical dependence of Spain; ,
next a territory of Mexico; then the
Estado Libre de California— a republic
all by itself, with a self-constituted gov
ernor; back again as Mexican territory;
then the Pacific republic with the bear !
flag as its emblem; then a conquered por
tion of the. United States with the bear
flag as its emblem; then a civil territory,
and lastly a sovereign State of the Union. !
"In the old pueblo of Los Angeles it took
'.hirty-flve years to establish a school, and
after a year of liclcln' an' larnin' the
school took a vacation of ten year- to
allow the knowledge acquired to settle —
and possibly the pupil's back to heal.
"In the forty years that Los Angeles
was under Spanish rulo there was but
little material or Intellectual advance
ment."
The professor concluded his address
thus:
"California, with a past unrivaled in
the variety of ita historic phases, legend,
tradition, romance, adventure, intrigue,
war, conquest, T ace. prosperity: Cali
fornia, with the light and shade of its
shifting civilizations and a lanress of
material for an epic grander than the
'Iliad' and more fascinating tuan me
'Odyssey,' has allowed relic collectors and
literary pot hunters to capture the great
around you believe that there is no God.
i nat is no reus-uii »»«*j
you should get that
notion. The man who
says there is no God
is "either one of two
things: a knave or a j
fool. Prove God to ;
yourself. How? Make
of him a real being, a
father, a personal God.
Let htm come right i
Into your very life, in- i
to your every day.
Make him an actual i
part of your every ac- !
tion, of your every
thought. Feel that he i
Parson Bok.
is YOUR God: Just yours. That he knows, i
as he does and as he will soon make evl
dent to you, every wish, every desire of j
your heart, every thought that comes to ,
you. Go to him as you would to a living :
father; talk to him in quiet; tell him your i
worries, your troubles, your aims, your ■
hopes, your desires. Come close to him. i
Before long, after he has shown you
light a few times, after he has told you •
what to do wnen you did not know your- ;
self, then you will find out for yourself j
whether there is a God or not. You will ,
have no doubt of him. He will be to you. j
as he is to thousands, a living Being, an ]
actuality— One that you know almost as !
you do your own father, who lives his
life before you.
Excellent advice, and, standing 1
alone, worthy of all the serious atten- j
tion of the young
man to whom it is
addressed. I am
interested, and read
further. What is
this I see?
Baggy trousers
may be prevented by
frequent pressing,
which you can do at
home. Brush tho
trousers carefully
first; lay them out
at full length on
nn ironing board;
dampen with sprink
ling of water or
moiat sponge, and
iron them over areg-
Jar.yj Bok.
ular ironing cloth. Always layyour trous- j
ers out at full length when you tuke them
off; do not hang them unless you have
stretchers.
So if you want unconscious humor
you must not miss the Ladies' Home ■
Journal, whose conductor, it would ap- I
pear, would be far more in his element \
in the editorial office of Puck. If these
few remarks bring him to a sense of
the incongruity of his actions, they !
will not have been written in vain, and,
since we are dealing with texts, let
me urge upon Mr. Bok the advisability j
mass of her historical material and turn
It into merchandise.
"The Btate of Wisconsin, with half a
billion less wca..h and half a century less
history than California, has spent nearly
a million dollars on her historical collec
tions — California nothing!"
EDUCATION IN SANTA CRUZ.
Santa Cruz Ccinty has a school system
of which It Is justly proud, not only on
account of the. high standard that has
been attained, but because it dates as far
back as IM9— the year of gold. Few of
our California counties can make a like
boast.
The first school in Santa Cruz of which
there is any record was private, con
ducted by a Mrs. Case. One or two other
private schools were also opened a little
later, but a public school with an enroll
ment of twenty-five pupils was started In
1853 by Mr. Frick.
In 18C9 we find >0 pupils recorded.
Other school houses "were erected as the
need came, and In IST6 a high school was
established, which -was regarded with
great pride by the townspeople. Profes
sor \V. \V. Anderson was the first prin
cipal, and the school prospered under his
administration.
Mr. D. C. Clark was chosen principal
! in 18S4, and has ever since remained in
charge of the school. From the beginning
of his administration, and later as City
Superintendent of Schools, Mr. Clark has
! spared no time nor energy to advance tho
; cause of education in his chosen field. Ho
at once began to remodel the course of
study in the schools, and with the aid
of the county superintendent. J. W. Lin
i scott, and a corps of forty-four willing
| and efficient teachers, he placed the
| schools upon the firm basis they occupy
| to-day, and so spread the fame of them
' that "pupils from other counties flocked
in, until the old school houses were over
crowded. This necessitated the erection
of the new Lincoln School and the recon
struction of the Laurel and Branclforte
buildings.
In 18t>9 the University of California rec
ognized the excellence of the. preparatory
work accomplished In the high school,
and placed the school on Its accredited
' list. Miss Minnie Sullivan and Louis
Bernhelm were the first graduates to
enter the. State University.
Connected with the public schools of
Santa Cruz is a free kindergarten em
ploying two teachers. This is also under
the management of Mr. Clark.
NATURE STUDY IN OUR PUBLIC SCHOOLS.
When tho child's initial life in the
j schoolroom begins we should foster a
love of the study and guide him aright
I in the perception of the good and beauti
i ful as it is found in nature and nature's
works.
Make the study 83 practical as pos
sible and treat it as a whole. Tiring
plant! and flowers into your schoolroom
to better illustrate your work, lie lavish
; in your decorations and collections of
i thebe treasures from nature's storehouse.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 10, IS9S
of ceasing, in his own proper person,
to yoke the ox and the ass together.
* • •
Zola's conviction does not appear to
have affected the sale of his books in
the capital of |
France. In Paris
they forget every
thing in a week, no
matter how stirring.
The volatile French
public, fortunately
for M. Zola, con
cerns itself little with
the thingß of yes
terday, and the man
who Is mobbed to
day may be the hero
of to-morrow. By
the way, Zola"s four
letters to France
S ' Excuse me., Thi» It to
Unexpected."
have been issued by Mr. John Lane or
the Bodley Head. As might have been j
expected, the letters are full of hi«h
and sounding rhetoric, of that melodra
matic passion which we know best from
the works of Byron. Yet there is true
pathos in the opening sentences:
•'Whither are you going, young
men?"
"Do you go to protest against some
abuse of authority?
"Do you go to redress some social
wrong?
"No, no! We go to hoot a man, an
old man, who, after a long life of labor
and loyalty, imagined that he might
give his support with impunity to a
generous cause."
* • •
Gertrude Atherton is about to chas
tise us again at long range. She has
written a book en
titled "American
Wives and English
Husbands." which
was originally ad
vertised under the
name of "Millions of
Bubbles." and will
be published simul
taneously in Eng
land and in this
country. The fair
Gertrude possesses
a trenchant pen, as
San Franciscans
know at their cost.
Gertie It at It Again.
She appears to be the only American
woman writer capable of nlercing the
rhinoceros-like hides of our local four
hundred. Time and time again have
Pacilio Cnast writers attempted to put
gall in their ink when handling Pa
i cific Coast society, but without effect.
j Their slings and arrows have glided off
like buckshot from a modern whale
back. Then came Gertrude, and pro
ceeded to describe Monterey as the
! place where "the flower and the vege
| tables of San Francisco congregate
I every year." From far off London she
I thus characterizes the Press of San
Francisco: "My experience of the San
Francisco press has extended over ten
' years, and if there is anything pet
! tier on this planet I have been fortu
; nate enough to escape it." Her "Pa
1 tience Sparhawk" was excluded from
Also encourage your pupils to make col- 1
lections. This will naturally lead to lit
tle talks on the plants and animals they
have observed. First take up the most '
familiar forms, noticing their different
characteristics and comparing them, I
then gradually enlarge your researches :
until all known forms peculiar to the i
vicinity have b«en described. Relate short
stories regarding the same. Study seeds j
and their germination In their season.
Require at times illustrated composi
tions. Ry training children to use their'
own eyes we improve the work in draw- ! ,
ing and at the same time furnish food for
thought. Children express in language
much better that which they find out
themselves by observation. This gives
them self-confidence, and In addition cul
tivates their powers of observation, love
of literature, truth telling, truth-seeking
and increases their vocabulary.
Systematic nature study in the gram
mar schools would give an impetus to the
study of botany, zoology, etc.. In the
high schools. These studies exert a
moral Influence, broaden the sympathies,
elevate their tastes and lead them to
higher thoughts. ANNIE BASS.
Redding, Cal.
FROM SAN BERNARDINO COUNTY.
Last week, after one of the most suc
cessful meetings ever held there, the
San Bernardino County Teachers' Insti
tute adjourned to meet for the remain
ing three days with the Southern Cali
fornia Teachers' Association in Los An
i geles.
Tho sessions were held in the High
School building in San Bernardino, and
great interest and enthusiasm was mani
fested in the entire programme.
Interest was manifested in the speci
mens of drawing, penmanship, composi
tion and science work from the various
county schools which decorated the walls
and tables. One of the most artistic fea
tures of the display, classed as drawing,
was the modeling, paper cutting, fold
ing, designing, border making, etc., which
showed a commendable beginning In the
line of manual training. The Lugonia
and the Redlands schools exhibited cred
itable work In sewing and drafting on
paper.
CONCERNING BOOK PURCHASES.
Superintendent Mack of Amador County
thus addresses his teachers on the pur
chase of new books:
"At our institute last year the assem
: bled teachers made a list of books which
jin their judgment should be on the
j shelves of every school library in the
; county. I Bent to each teacher a copy
j of such list, and would respectfully rec
: ommend the purchase of more books of
a desirable nature and less apparatus.
A certain percentage of the books thus
! purchased should be especially adapted
1 for teachers' reading— pedagogical and
otherwise. In his recommendations State
Superintendent Samuel T. Black writes
as follows: 'The most important books In
j a school library are those that may be
THE GOOD COCK-A-DOODLE-DOO'S EASTER DREAM.
BY THE CALL REVIEWER
our fbrarles, which of course was a
bIPHHIn X In disguise to the good lady
herHHf. This book treated in a cur- I
sory way the subject of her forthcom- I
ing volume, and residents of San Fran
cisco will await with interest, hot un
*™X i WIt u n fear and trembling, the
words of this expatriated sage.
• • ♦•
fp^f,? f l , he Present day problems con
fronting the book critic is the success
of "Quo Vadis?" It
is a book that has !
enjoyed a phenome
nal sale for very lit- |
tie good reason .
that I can discover, j
There are many
standard historical
novels by such em
inent authors as I
Lytton and Disraeli, j
and even that friend j
of our boyhood, j
William Harrison '
Allured by AHlteratirs
Grace.
Ainsworth, whose i
works, as Carlyle once remarked, are
lauded as classics and discreetly rele
gated to the topmost shelves of our h- '
braries. The theory has been ad
vanced that the only reason for the
popularity of "Quo Vadis?" lies in the
fact that it presents pictures of the
gilded vice of ancient Rome, that could
be obtained only after patient research
in out-of-the-way places. Whether this
theory is or is not the correct one. I am
unable to say, but it appears to be the
one fixed upon by a writer in the "Wash
ington Star who contributes the fol
lowing anecdote:
"1 want to get a couple of books for
two young men," said the girl in the
book store, "and I v^.
don't know what to
choose."
"Er— what sort of
young men are
they?" asked the
really intelligent
clerk.
"One teaches in
our Sunday-school
and the other — well,
he is not that kind
of a young man at
O Vicious Rome!
all, you know."
"Ah! I think I
have just what you want," and he
handed out two copies of "Quo Va
dis?"
In "A Desert Drama" (Lippincott)
Mr. A. Conan Doyle takes his readers i
through fresh fields
and pastures new.
For the nonce he
has forsaken the
Emile Gaboriau
style of novel, to
which his readers
have been accus
tomed. His recent
book is subheaded
"The Tragedy of
the Korosko," the
last being the name
of the small steamer
Sherlock Holnvjg Dis
covers Egypt.
plying on the Nile which forms the
I
used daily in the school room under the j
guidance of the skillful teacher; I there
fore recommend the purchase of at least !
three sets of supplementary reading j
books (and enough of j«ach set to place j
one copy in the hands of each .pupil) for t
the first six years of school life— eighteen I
sets in all: that subsequent to the sixth
year carefully selected literature work
be substituted for general reading, and
purchased in sets as In the lower grades. 1
"To teachers I would add that some- |
where in your school library you should j
find a pamphlet entitled 'How to Use i
School Libraries,' which was sent out
from this office to each district approxi
mately eight years ago. It contains much |
valuable information and many useful i
hints, and may give you a starting point j
from which you will be able to work out j
! a satisfactory solution to this important j
I question. Study this line of your work i
■ and try to create a desire in the minds-of I
your pupils to read approved standard j
literature, and if you succeed, in after I
years they will 'rise up and call you j
blessed.' "
THE SHAPING OF MODELS.
Once -in the presence of Disraeli an
over-confident youth ventured to ridicule
the proverb makers. "Any one," he said,
"could make proverbs in quantity." And
the statesman answered: "MaKe a few!"
It is needless to say thnt. had the young
man accepted the challenge, he would
have acquired a sudden and lasting re
spect for a genuine proverb.
Now a series of Sloyd models is a good
deal like a collection of proverbs. They
are plain, unpretentious affairs, but there
is a great deal in the reason of their be
ing. The original Sloyd school at Naas,
Sweden, has been in operation for twen
ty-five years, yet Dr. Saloman's teachers
aYe still altering the courses, each year
introducing new models and modifica
tions of old ones.
Recent years have seen numerous am
bitious attempts made, both In this coun
try and England, to originate systems of
manual training, but thus far there is
not a successful elementary manual
training course In operation in either
country that has not Naas to thank for
its foundation principles. These princi
ples are:
L Gradation of difficulty.
The exercises must proceed from
known to unknown, from simple to com
plex, from the easy to the difficult. In
this respect articles made of wood are
very misleading In appearance. But tho
basis of organization lies not In the mod
els themselves, but In' the tool exercises
which they embody. Here, then, Is a
question of tool-sequence:
Are Borne of the wood-working tools
easier of manipulation than others?
Of two or more exercises with the same
tool, may one be easier than another?
The answer in both cases is affirmative.
It Is a simple enough matter to roughly
cut a stick in two with a cross-cut saw,
but quite another to put a good bevel on
that same stick with a chisel.
The Naas people think the Sloyd knife
is the best adapted for the beginning, and
so the first two or three models of the
Naas series are small modeled articles re
quiring the use of the knife. In England
it does not seem to have occurred to them
that there is such a thing as tool se
quence, except among tho teachers, who
are following the Swedish system.
In tho manual training courses of the
stage of his story. "A Desert Drama '
narrates the startling adventures of a
party of ten. who are captured by the
Dervishes while engaged in the explor
ation of Egyptian ruins. The dramatis
personae comprise three' impossible
Americans, an equally impossible
Frenchman, a dry-as-dust English so
llcltor with a penchant for the use of
legalising, and two or three students
archaeologically inclined. These fill a
short volume of a couple of hundred
pages, which you may read in an hour
with some little interest, but without
much profit.
* • •
My compliments to "Chames." a gen
tleman employed on the staff of the
Boston Traveller, and will he please
accept my thanks for being the direct
cause of my indulgence in a series of
broad grins' at his parody on Mr. Kip
ling's "Vampire." I reprint it here
that my readers jnay also enjoy it.
ANOTHER "VAMPIRE."
(A long way after Kipling.)
An ass there was. and be took delight
(Even as you and I)
In sitting far Into the hours of night.
Cutting and dealing with all his might.
And hating to quit at the morning light
(Even as you and I).
Oh. the Bleep we lost and the heap we lost.
And the useless cards we drew;
All In that simple and popular game.
That always enticing and popular game.
Which there's no need to name for you.
An am there was. and he held a "pair"
(Even as you and I)
Of aces, and drew two more quite fair.
Then bet all he had. with never a cars.
But a "straight flush" broke him beyond
pair,
(Even as you and I).
Oh. the moans we made and the groans we
made
O'er the pots that we ought to have won,
All In that simple and popular game.
That gentleman's gamp, the American game.
Where you get a good run for your "mon."
Still the ass will play when he has the doagh
(Even an you and I)
And the chips will come and the chips will go;
He'll say with a nod when they're oomlng
•low,
"It's time for my luck to change, you know"
(Even as you and I).
And it Isn't the sin and It isn't th» tin
That makes us all sore and 111;
It's thinking of hands that we ought to nave
held.
The "fulls" and the "fours" that we ought to
have held,
And the "flushes" we couldn't fill.
EMANUEL ELZAS.
UNDER THE DUTCHMAN'S RULE
SHREWSBURY— By Stanley J. Weyman.
New York: Longmans. Green & Co.
For sale by Doxey. Price $1 50.
Of the historical novelists of the modern
school there is probably no writer who
turns out his work in a more clear cut,
conscientious fashion than Mr. Weyman.
If he is less romantic than Anthony
Hope, if his heroes lack the blind dare
devil chivalry of Conan Doyle's, he Is at
any rate more graphic -and concise, his
Characters move naturally in their ap
pointed epoch, and nothing of local color
that careful study of the period can pro
vfde Is lacking.
It Is difficUit. however, in spite of the
admirable technique displayed, to follow
the developments of this novel with sus
tained interest. It is a complicated story
of court intrigues during that stormy
period of English political life which fol
lowed the downfall of the Stuarts and the
restoration of the Protestant succession.
William 111, promoted from the humble
position of stadtholder in Holland to
the dazzling position of King of England,
was but Insecurely seated on the throne.
Many of the nobles and a large propor
tion of the commonalty were opposed to
his rule, the air was full of intrigue, and |
plot after plot for his deposition and for '
the restoration of King James was form- j
future, physiological psychology wu
likely have a say. Ltanley Hall and oth
ers are showing that the musculr- or
ganization of a child does not develop
simultaneously throughout. Thus, a ciind
has learned to push his arms about and
run while It is still a difficult matter ior
him to pick up a pin.
J. Liberty Todd of Philadelphia has de
veloped a remarkable system of drawing
on this basis, Jus younger pupils stand
at the board, and with both hands tiraw
large free designs in place of the crariped
affairs usually found In drawing-books.
There is food for thought here for those
who are trying to drag woodwork down
into the primary grades, the proper place
for clay modeling an^ caruooard work.
We cannot develop the pupils' self-re
liance by doing nls work for him or caus
ing It to be done by machinery. So the
Sloyd idea requires that the exercises
shall be reasonably within the pupil's
ability of performance.
The suggested use of models is import
ant. A birdcage does not moke for tne
highest motive. A birdhouse does. In
general, all models making for destruc
tion and detention are to be quietly dis
placed for those which are constructive
a. id altruistic .n their suggestions.
In shaping model series, the American
tendency of late years gives preferment
to school apparatus over articles of home
une It can hardly be otherwise in this
day of correlation^ -tudy^ KENYQN
Stanford University.
■ ON THE , BLACKBOARD.
Berkeley will not Wave a new . High
School this yean - '•/ . '
The Mayfleld School District. in Santa
Clara County has decided to issue bonds
to the amount of $14,000 for a new school
building. . » !>^ .*::-
The senior class of the Alameda High
School will give a fancy dress party next
week. /•, ••'■•:•.'-.'
• • •
County Superintendent Margaret M.
Mogean and a large delegation of teach
ers from San Bernardino attended the re
cent convention In Los Angeles..." ?«"'?
:■•,■••■
The bond election at Big Pine, Inyo
County, resulted in favor of the propo
sition for a new school house by a large
majority. Exact details of the building
have not been determined, . but many
favor a two-story addition to the pres
ent building. .
On april 4 the Berkeley Board of Edu
cation held its regular meeting, at which
the question of calling an election for a
direct tax for school purposes was - dis
cussed. ~ t  , . . - .■
• • •
On the 23d of this month the Trustees
of the Redlands Grammar School, San
Bernardino County, will call ; an election
to determine the issuance of $7000 in bonds
at 6 per cent interest. It is intended to
build a two-story, four-room front to the
State-street I school house. The « archi
tect's estimate for the proposed addition
is $6000, but any surplus from the bond
issue can be advantageously used in re
pairs on the Klngsbury school building.
• , ■ ' ■ ■■■ •: - •■..'> • • < ... -■ ■■ ■
The Schoolmasters' Club of San Diego
I recently adopted resolutions favoring the
cd. only to end In exposure and the de
1 capitation of the chief movers on Tower
: Hiii.
It is mnrvelous how William manager!
to escape all these dangers, and to main
j tain his hold on the affections of the Eng-
I Ilsh people. Jt may be that he was only
' accepted as a pis aller. that the memory
of Stuart tyranny and misrule was too
recent in the minds of men to allow of
the revival of this dynasty. Or it may be.
if Mr. Weyman's picture of the King Is
correct, that the was much in the man
to command admiration and respect: that
he had the Inborn dignity of royalty and
a full share of that mysterious magnetic
power which compels allegiance.
We see William first just at the time of
the great assassination plot, when a
scheme to waylay and murder him while
out hunting came perilously near suc
cess. Our first glimpse of the monarch
is at Kensington Court, when the nar
rator of the story, a humble clerk, is
| brought unexpectedly Into the presence of
the King.
"We stood upon the threshold of a wide
and splendid gallery, set here and there
with huge china vases and hung with
pictures, which even then I discerned to
be of great beauty and afterwards learned
were of no less value. Letting my eyes
travel down this vista they paused na
turally on a spot under one of the win
i dows, where with his back to us and
ribbons In his hands a slight gentleman,
who stooped somewhat and was dressed
in black, ambled and paced In front of a
child of four or five years old. The wintry
sunlight which fell in cold bars -on the
floor proved his progress to be more
I showy than real; nevertheless the child
i shrieked in its joy, and dancing, jerked
! the ribbons and waved a tiny whip. In
i answer the gentleman, whose long curled
• periwig bobbed oddly on his shoulders—
j he had his back to us— pranced more and
; more stoutly, though on legs a little thin
and bent."
Quite a pretty picture of royal relaxa
tion, illustrating the human side of kingly
i life. It is the more remarkable when con
! trusted with the following description of
I William's personal appearance: "He had
! a long sallow face, which seemed the sal
lower for the dark heavy wig that fell
I round it; a large hooked nose and full,
| peevish lips, with eyes both bright and
j morose. I am told that he seldom smiled
j and never laughed."
Later on in the volume the hero, an
Insignificant individual of the name of
Price, is again brought into personal con
! tact with his monarch and this lime we
j get an outline of the sterner side of Wil
i liam's character. The state council is in
| quiring into the abortive assassination
j plot and one of its prime instigators. Sir
' John Fenwick, is under examination. The
! King enters unannounced and very quiet
ly. "His entrance and words, abrupt, if
not awkward, lacked alike the grace which
all remembered in Charles and the gloomy
majesty which the second James had at
his command. And men felt the lack.
Yet as he took his stand, one hand lightly
resting on the back of the Lord Steward's
chair, the stooping, somber figure and
sallow, withered face staring out of its
great peruque had a dignity of their own.
For it could not be forgotten that he was
that which no Stuart King of England
had ever been— a soldier and commander
from boyhood— at home, in all the camps
of Flanders and the Rhine, familiar with
every peril of battle and breach; at his
ease anywhere, where other men
blanched and drew back."
These quotations illustrate Mr. Wey
man's facile gift of character delineation.
The Duke of Shrewsbury, Sir John Fen
wick and various other notables of the
time are pictured with equal strength.
But It is upon that mysterious personage
known as Ferguson the Kingmaker that
our author lavishes most of his talent.
This master of backstairs intrigue plays
a prominent part in the story, though it
is impossible within the limits of a brief
notice to unravel all the complications of
plot and counterplot which crowd the
pages of the book. Here is Ferguson as
he first appears to the narrator: "Such
A NOVEL SCHOOL BUILDING.
New York is to have what it is hoped will be a model school building,
which is to be erected on One Hundred and Fourth street, running through
to One Hundred and Fifth street, west of First avenue. It will be built in
the form of a letter H, thus making room for large open playgrounds on
either side. It will be five stories high and built with a steel skeleton.
The first story includes boys' and girls' play rooms, wainscoted with
glazed brick and floored with asphalt, and furnished with abundant facilities
for obtaining drinking water. In one of the wings two kindergarten rooms
have been Jaid out, with direct communication with the courtyard. The main
entrance has a tiled floor. Offices for the medical inspector and janitor ad
join the vestibule. These also have tiled floors and are furnished with all ne
cessary conveniences.
The second, third and fourth stories are divided into sixteen class rooms
each, a total of forty-eight. The wardrobes are outside the class rooms and
are so arranged as to be easily accessible. They are als<? thoroughly venti
late i and each has a coil of steam pipe to dry clothing when damp and to
maintain a circulation of air. The fifth story is designed to provide for man
ual and physical training and to supply room for a library and reading room.
This building will be heated by a system which provides for each child
thirty cubic feet of warm, fresh air per minute, and which also provides for
the removal of foul air. The furniture will be of the most mode .1, adjustable
type, while the sanitary appliances will also be of the most approved and
modern style.
reduction of the proportion of census
children to each teacher from seventy to
sixty, and also demanded the abolition of
the State text books.
• * •
After two weeks of vacation the Red
wood Grammar School will begin Its now
term on April IS.
» • •
The annual exnminatlon for graduation
from the public school! of Inyo County
will begin on Monday, April 25. and will
last four days. The superintendent. S.
W. Austin and F. E. Dunsmore of Inde
pendence have been appointed Register
J was the man I saw before me: on whose
i face, as if heaven purposed to warn his
fellows against him. malignant passion
and an insane vanity were so plainly
stamped that party spirit must have gone
! to lengths Indeed before it : rendered men
1 blind to his quality.' His shambling gait
seemed a fitting conveyance for a. gaunt,
stooping figure, so awkward and uncouth
i that when he gave way to gesticulation it
' seemed to be moved by wires; yet once
i he looked askance at you face and figure
; were forgotten in the gleam of the eyes
i that treacherous and cruej. leered at you
I from the penthouse of his huge, ill-fitting
wig.**
For the hero of the novel, : Richard
I Price, we must confess an utter lack or
1 sympathy. His pusillanimity and weak
ness excite repulsion, and it looks as if
: Mr. Weymnn had only Introduced him as
j a convenient vehicle for the presentment
I of the more manly and picturesque per-
I sonages of the time. Beginning as an
! usher in a country school. Price is hope-
I lessly befooled In a love affair with a
country wench and flees to London. There
: he serves his apprenticeship to the trade
; of news letter writing, a business which
! the development of minting facilities had
' not yet destroyed. Then he becomes the
■tool of Ferguson and other plotters for
! the destruction of the monarchy, and is
i induced to personate the Duke of Shrews
; bury, to whom he bears a most marked
i resemblance. !In all these doings he is
j purely subjective, he moves through va
j rious kinds of excitement and danger
i like a mere quaking automaton, and lr
i he escapes hanging many times as a spy
! and a rebel it is more by reason of good
luck than merit.- Why Mr. Weyman
j should take the trouble to bring such a
| nondescript creature through all these
I hair-breadth escapes and marry him hap-
I pily In the end passes our comprehension.
Possibly the hero's weakness is purposely
exaggerated in order to accentuate the
strength of the other actors in the drama.
And leaving Price, as narrator, out of
! the question, Mr. Weyman has certainly
given us a very vivid presentation of
London life and character at the close of
I the seventeenth century.
LITERARY NOTES.
Leon Daudet Is at work upon a biog
raphy of his father.
"The Londoners" Is the title of Robert
Hlchens' new satirical novel, to be out
this spring with Herbert S. Stone & Co.
of Chicago.
Rumors that H. Rider Haggard was at
work on a new novel are now confirmed.
The book is to be a historical romance
with the scene laid in Holland at the
time of William of Orange.
Copeland & Day will shortly bring out
a vojume of poems by Ambrose Blerce.
O. P. Putnam's Sons have just published
Mr. Blerce's "In the Midst of Life," in
cluding "Tales of Soldiers and Civil
ians."
Professor Robert Herrick, who occupies
the chair of English literature in the Uni
versity of Chicago, has written a novel
which is to bte published shortly by tho
Macmillan Company under the title ot
"The Gospel of Freedom."
Bernard Shaw, who is called the clever
est dramatic critic and playwright in
England, is about to bring out an edition
of his dramatic works. He calls them
"Plays Pleasant and Unpleasant." Two
volumes will be issued late in February
by Herbert S. Stone & Co. of Chicago.
Mr. Shaw has written a preface, "mainly
about myself" he adds.
During the last three years William
Black has been engaged upon a novel
which is now near completion. The title
will be "Wild Eelin; otherwise called
Eelin of the Eyes Like the Sea-Wave:
Her Escapades, Adventures and Bitter
Sorrows." The serial publication of this
work is to begin this month. Harper &
Brothers will publish in the spring a new
volume of his short stories.
and Receiver of the United States Land
Office at Independence. For this reason
Mr. Austin will probably resign his pres
ent position at the coming meeting of the
Hoard of Supervisors.
• • •
A fine new schoolhouse has just been
finished at Tamalpais Station, Maria
County.
• • *
The students of the Visalia High School
save a very creditable presentation of the
four-act comedy, "Dot, the Miners
Daughter," last Saturday evening In the
assembly hall of the Locust-street School.AN APPRECIATION
OF THE MELODRAMA AND THE ACTING
AT MOROSCO'S.
The other night I crossed the equator
to Morosco's and saw every one of the
five acts and the scenes of "Hands<
Across the Sea." It is a representa
tive Adelphi melodrama by Pittit and
Sims, and the performance of it was a
very decent one. Morosco'a is a good
place to visit— not too often, but just
and then of a dull night in a dull
week. There you find a performance
that is characteristic ncting that is
sometimes delightfully and memorably
■ :. ; sometimes amazingly good, al-
S!i;;ke?peareari in its resonance
and elaboration; and above all you
t'.iid atmosphere. MoroßOo'a is the one
theater in San Francisco that *has an
atmosphere distinctly its own, as it is
ihe one theater that can boast an ab
solute clientele, a special following,
which is ever faithful and entirely its
ov. n. The Morosco audience shares im
portance with the Morosco play and
actor in making: the Morosco atmos
phere. Th-* audience may vary in size,
but night by night, week by week, it is
th« ?nmf in appearance and in tempw,
always dependable, - nexactine and dr
termined to be entertained. Even the
oppopir.gr element, the infinitely smaller
crowd that goes to laugh and flatter its
cynicism in being unmoved by ready
made sentiment and sensation, is al
ways the same, and in its minority and
lneffectualness a very emphasis to the
characteristic atmosphere of the house.
The people who go seriously to Moros
co'? knuw what they want: their de
sires are modest and unchanging; they
pive the mnnn cement a. standing order
f. >r life, and the management has the
good sense to till it.
Think of it! They put on flfty-two
melodramas a year at Morosco's! And
all alike! Sometimes I wonder how it
is they can keep from petting some
thing different. Suppose a play should
.. some night ami brazenly refuse
to employ the dark Aside, the subtle
Soliloquy and the Marvelous Coinci
dence; and Biippose in addition to this
it should insolently scorn to portion off
the virtue, suffering, comicality and
crime in the sacred old way— then what
would happen, do you think? But of
course there Is no danger and no use
Thinking. Morosco never trifles with
the emotions of his audience. He pre
to surprise them and they pre
• be surprised, but there to a nice
ling between them that is
Inviolable.
Everything at Morosco's is on the
largest possible scale— the play, the act-
Ing, the theater, all conspire to produce
:Tect of hugeness. Nothing Is done
simply that can as well be accomplish
. d with elaboration. Nothing, not even
the simplest fact, is left unexplained.
How tritely erroneous is the statement
that the deed, not the word, counts in
; . Irama! I would wager there is
• leisurely conversation in the ay-
Adelphl piece than in the draw
ing-room polemics of Pinero. If there
place where action does not
ler than words, it is In mcl
■'. here every deed is forecast
ne speech and commemorated in
of the same. The villain would
rob, kill, ruin— must you wait till his
dastard work is done before knowing
all about it? Never: His gnarled
"nance alone would tell the tale,
but that is not enough; in ominous
tones he plans it over to himself, or,
5, he may even tell his victim.
There is a sort of assistant villain in
"Hands Across the Sea," a French
count of mean morals, who breaks into
th»? hero's house, intending no good to
the hero's wife, who is alone and un
protected. Already you have heard
him plan to get the hero away from
home at this hour, and you know his
evil purpose. So, once in the house
and face to face with the woman, docs
he behave as the mere count of smooth
c- very-day humanity would behave?
Not on your life. He tells her all about
it, too. He would tell her his whole
grimy past and future as well if the
hero did not return punctually several
hours earlier than he had been ex
pected, deliver a few verbal knock
outs and finally fit the action to the
words. There is nothing so prodigious
ly careful, confidential and explana
tory as melodrama.
Taken all round "Hands Across the
Sea" Is easily the best production I
have ever seen at Morosco's. The ex
terior scenes, especially the one of the
steamer's df»ck with the moving French
man-o'-war ok In the distance, are
fitted to the big stage with a fine sense
of space, and the acting is remarkably
forceful and even. A pood scene or two
is quite an e very-week occurrence at
Sforpsoo's, but ti.is time the acting
ptruck me aa a special effort. The cast
called for twenty-tl.ree parts, out of
which fourteen were important and
. i '1 in ever • instance without dis-
The stage management, which
!p usually forgiven because of the
lightning change of bill from week to
■week, was much more prompt and in
vb than usual, and even the or
■ i thai supplied the diseriptive
was moderately subdued and
Ingly in tune.
Altogether it was a performance full
of character and rich with good old
melodramatic radition. Mr. Mainhall
en'] Miss Hall suffered colds that kept
th<» hf-r> a.r.d the heroine from their
full powers, but their acting was large,
amiable and Incessant, and never
marred by the obvious personal pose.
They seemed to work for the play. On
By ASHTON STEVENS.
the occasion of Mr. Malnliall's first np- ] has Just startled the world which he 1r
pearance at Morosco's (and my last perpetually startling with the an
but this) he seemed to me to be just i """""merit tha * next month will see
l)u , _,'«■„  , „„, T am _,, published his collected plays, those that
the man for the place, and I am still have been played . and hose that have
his frank admirer. His personality .s not— it would not be at all unlike
Quick and magnetic and he gets over j the wild Irishman of the Saturday Re
the lines in lithe cadences. I find but i view to give an inkling in the preface
one fault In Miss Hall to quibble over, i of the book as to just why Henry Irv
and that is apparent only when she has j in & and a few other celebrated actor
no. a oo>d an,, SK elccuUon <o Zg^^^JTS^oZT
the cloyine point. And there are other thor The pub on win be in two
trusty standby* in the company. Julia volumes and entitled "Plays, Pleasant
Blanc, who often does a marvelous bit i and Unpleasant," and every one who
of old woman portraiture; Fred J. But- I is interested In the critical work of this
ler, who has developed an almost remarkable man will be anxious
bounds versatility in odd character £ ** Ar ™* a t. ° If "ir. Thaw
parts; and Mortimer Snow, now .hat ig aUvays to be be i ie ved, he is, by his
he has quit the monotonously heroic, own confession, a better and saner
seems much more vitalized in bide char- playwriter than William Shakespeare,
acter parts, if I may judge by his ex- | and a close second to Henrik Ibsen. He
cellent Frenchman of this performance, i ncnv for the first tlme Publishes his
in which, by the way, Lorena Atwood, | J^-t " the }.***■ resort of ad is
, ' * , .. M appointed dramatist — the success of
too, does a clever bit in the fragmen- '
tary version of the Franco-English ad
venturess. Another valuable Morosco
is Landers Stevens, the villain man
(whom 1 habitually slight out of a
family modesty). He has, I believe,
the South Side record for endurance
having just completed sixty consecu
j tive weeks of steady employ lent, nine
performances to the week. His acting
is spacious and his voice wide. He has
the mannerisms of the villain business
down to a science, smoking cigarettes,
digging in his trousers pockets, toying
with his gloves and wearing a top hat
with faultless malevolence. The only
improvement I should suggest is that
he try to read his big speeches with
the same easy emphasis he gives to the
little ones and that he learn to shoot
his cuffs. Who ever heard of a really
nwell villain that didn't shoot his cuffs?
ASHTON STEVENS.
JHE OUTip WOpLD.
piays, Pleasant and Unpleasant,
by Bernard ShavA
George Bernard Shaw, tho most bril
liant, if the most erratic of all the liv
ing dramatic critics, and the author of
such dramatic satires as "Arms and
the Man" and "The Devil's Disciple,"
THE BAN" FBAISTCISCO CALL, SUKPAY, APRIL 10, 1898.
"The Devil's Disciple" would refute
that— but because he believes that in
the present policy of theatrical man
agement the only chance an author has
is to place his works in the hands of
the reading public. And so we shall
soon know as much about Shaw as we
do about Ibsen.
Rut, unlike the Scandinavian, Shaw
has very decided views as to the fu
tility of offering readers a mere repro
duction of the "prompt copies" pre
pared for stage use. "The dramatic
author must," he contends in one of his
prefaces, "fall back on his powers of
literary expression, as other popts and
fictionists do. What would we not give"
for the copy of Hamlet used by Shake
speare at rehearsal, with the original
'business' scrawled by the prompter's
pencil? And if we had. In addition,
the descriptive directions which the
author gave on the stage— above all.
the character sketches, however brief,
by which he tried to convey to the ac
tor the sort of person he wished him
to incarnate— what a light they would
shed, not only on the play, but on the
THE BAD EGG'S EASTER DREAM.
history of the sixteenth century! If
Is' for want of this process of elabora
tion that Shakespeare — unsurpassed as
poet, story-teller, character draughts
man, humorist and rhetorician— hae left
us no intellectually coherent drama,
and could not pursue a genuinely scien
tific method in his studies of character
and society."
In place of the familiar directions
and scenic specifications the "Plays.
Pleasant and Unpleasant" of Bernard
Shaw will be annotated with finished
descriptions, vivid character sketches,
psychologic notes and sallies of a
characteristic mordant type. The first
volume will consist of those plays
which the author is pleased to term
"unpleasant" — the unpleasantness ly
ing in the fact that they convict the
capitalist phase of modern social or
ganization, and are written from the
point of view of a socialist who regards
the basis of middle class society as
thoroughly rotten, economically and
morally. Under this heading come
"Widowers' Houses," "The Philan
derer" and "Mrs. Warren's Profes
sion." The root idea of the first
named is the rich suburban villa
standing on the rents of the foul rook
ery; of the second, a four-act topical
comedy, the fashionable cults of Ibsen
ism and "New Wornanism" on a basis
of clandestine sensuality— the Inde
pendent Theater refused to produce it
on account of its "immorality:" while,
in the third, Mrs. Warren taxes society
with her occupation, which is that of a
procuress.
Volume ll— "Pleasant Plays"— will
comprise "Arms and the Man," the
sparkling comedy in three acts, of
youthful romance and disillusion,
' which was the despair of the critics on
■ its production in London and New
York; "The Man of Destiny," a one-act
I comedy, in which Sir Henry Irving had
! intended to appear as the youthful Xa
i poleon; "You Never Can Tell," a four
act modern comedy concerned with the
! adventures of a sparkling pair of twins,
! and "Candida," a frankly sentimental
j play, which Mr. Shaw hopes to find vn r
; derst.mded of women, if not of men.
For some reason or other his latest
and most successful piny, "The Devil's,
; Disciple," will not be among the plays
printed. The books will be published •
! nere by Stone & Co. of New York, and
| in London by Grant Richards.
Even the glorious Molba is not '
j above the tune of the twittering press j
! agent. This came neatly typewritten:
Long before Melba had any thought of
a public career the fame of her beautiful
voice had become known, and she was
' in frequent request to sing at charity
i concerts, in Mcl bourne, much to the dis
! pleasure of her parents, strict Scotch !
1 Presbyterians, who were greatly opposed
to her appearance in public. After
awhile it occurred to her that it would
be a good idea to give a concert on her
•wn account, at which she might expect
the patronage of those whom she had
«o frequently served. AceoruTsgly she
•■•ngaged a lia.ll, made ail her arrange
ments, and started out to sell the tick
ets. Her father, however, recognizing
with joy his opportunity to cure her of
'ier inclination to sing in public, set about
'o secure a disastrous result for the con
cert by previously calling on her friends
and pledging them, its a favor to him.
to decline to buy. The result was that
when the eventful evening came Melbu
found herself confronted by a select but
diminutive audience of two. Nothing
daunted, she gave the entire concert ac
conling to programme; and, later, when
bills for hall rent and advertising were
presented, suspecting the trick he had
nerved her, sent her creditors to her
father, who. by that time, convinced that
his brilliant scheme had failed of its
hoped-for result, and with a secret admi
ration of his daughter's plunk, paid them
willingly. It cannot be doubted that her
splendid career has long since removed
his early objection, which, had it been
successful, would have deprived the world
of song of its most shining light.
Baldwin.
The latest Hoyt farce, "A Stranger in
New York," is announced for produc
tion at the Baldwin to-morrow night.
The farce is given the credit of being
an unusually bright one, with action
swift and tireless, and not a moment
of weariness between the first and final
curtains.
The story is rather more complicated
than most of those in which Mr. Hoyt
has dealt, and tells of an old chap from
Chicago, with a letter of introduction
to a New York man about town. He
arrives in the metropolis with the ma-
tention of attending the French ball in
Madison-square Garden. He loses his
letter, which is picked up and de
livered by a stranger who has no desire
to deceive, but who is welcomed with
such cordiality as would have been
shown to the real person for
whom the communication was written,
that he has no chance to withdraw,
and finds himself all at once in the cen
ter of a brisk whirl of gayety.
The other, for whom the letter was
penned, discovers the error which has
been made and starts in brisk but
hopeless pursuit.
This portion of the action takes
place in one of the corridors of the
Hoffman House. The next chapter is
unfolded in a room in the tower of
Madison-square Garden, occupied as a
studio by one of New York's charac
ters. In the end the stranger finds an
opportunity to disclose his identity,
but he has come to be well regarded by
ll the other personages, and loses
nothing through the deception in which
he had unwittingly participated. The
locale of the piece gives opportunity
for handsome settings and the glitter
and glamour of the French ball Is re
produced. It is said, with striking ef
fect. The play is full of new music by
Richard Suihl ana A. B. Sloane.
At the head of the company cornea
Anna Boyd, of known quality, and Joe
Coyne, new to us, but with a reputa
tion in the East. Others in the cast
are: Charles Dungan, John Dudley,
W. H. Hatter, Harry Rodgers, Steve
Maley, Sam Marion. John Mitchell,
Willia Martin. Ed Worm, Willie Mar
tin, Thomas Quinn, Minnie McEvoy,
Minnie Bridges, Camille Cleveland, Liz
zie McCoy, Nellie McCoy and Amy
Muller.
The attraction to follow "A Stranger
in New York" at the Baldwin is "The
Purser." which Ferris Hartman will
bring out.
Ga!iforr\ia.
Edward Harrigan will present at the
California to-night "Old Lavender," the
most popular and surely the most
earnest of all his many plays. To the
older playgoers it will be interesting to
see how the play and player have worn,
and to the younger generation the per
formance should be uniquely entertain
ing. Mr. Harrigan is one of the pio
neer American dramatists, and in his
day enjoyed an almost unrivaled
vogue. The character of Old Lavender
is full of quiet pathos and observation,
and is remembered here as his master
piece, both in authorship and acting.
It is hardly to be expected that the
present company will come irp wUh our
recollections of the original one, but it
Is said that Mr. Harrigan has rebanded
his players with considerable tact and
preserved all the traditions of the parts.
Dave Braham will play Dick, the
Rat. the role made famous by the
late Tony Hart, and all the original
Braham songs will be sung.
Columbia.
Mr. Herne begins the second and last
1 week of "Shore Acres" at the Colum
j bia to-morrow evening. The houses
'■ have been uniformly large and the
' prospects for the closing performances
j are the brightest the play has yet en
' joyed in this city. Miss Marion Cul
i len, who has been playing Perley dur
: ing the past week, will exchange roles
I with Miss Julie A. Herne for the clos
; ing week. Miss Cullen is a protege of
i Denman Thompson and for two sea
j sons was a prominent feature in the
veteran actor's production. It is Mr.
Herne's intention to withdraw from
"Shore Acres" at the close of the pres
! ent season as he is anxious to stage
i his new work, "The Rev. Griffith Da-
I venport." This new play will be fol
lowed by "Silas Lapham," which "Wil
liam Dean Howells is having drama
tized for Mr. Herne. A second com
pany playing "Shure Acres" is headed
by Archie Boyd, and. although con
fined mostly to one-night stands, it is
meeting with financial prosperity in
the East and Middle West.
"Nancy Hanks," a comedy success of
the present season, is announced to fol
low "Shore Acres" at the Columbia
Theater on the 18th inst. At the head
of the presenting company will appear
Marie Jansen.
It is not a racing play as the title
may indicate; the "Nancy Hanks" re
ferred to is not a horse, but a gold
mine, or rather a mine that has been
"salted" by unscrupulous persons and
palmed off as a rich ore-producer upon
a speculative Frenchman, on whose
complicated adventures the plot hinges.
Alcazar.
"The Strange Adventures of Miss
Brown" will be the new bill at the Al
cazar, where at very popular prices it
should make a successful week, as it
has been played here but once before,
and that time with Eddie Foy in the
titulary part and at the Baldwin. For
those who may have forgotten this is
a sketch of the theme: A young Eng
lish officer weds a "ward in chancery"
and to rescue her from a private school
in which she is confined, disguises him
self as a young woman. In the school
he has no end of comic adventure.
There is a strong bit of subsidiary
character in a German music teacher
who is In love with the school girl.
Titfoli.
The Tivoli's new piece, "Slnbad the
Sailor," which was produced last night,
is reviewed in another part of thia
paper.
Morosco's.
The prologue of "Pavements of
Paris," which will be the next attrac
tion at Morosco's, opens with a scene
in the province of Lorraine, at the foot
of the Alps, during the period of the
Franco-Prussian war. The wife of Jean
Le Franc is the missing heiress to the
titles and estates of a noble family.
Their union has been blessed with a
daughter. Little Marie, about whosa
subsequent adventures much of the in
terest of the plot centers. The closing
scene of the prologue, in which occur
the murder of General Peronne, the
supposed death of Jean, and the ab«
duction of Marie occur, has been util
ized for the introduction of a histori
cal war tableau. It will show the op
posing armies confronting each other
upon fortified heights, during the heat
of the bloody battle of Forbach. An
other important new scene will be a re
production of a view of the city of
Paris by moonlight, fourteen years
later. The moonlight flooding the
stately buildings falls upon the placid
waters of the Seine. The famous Pont
Neuf, or New Bridge, spans the river.
The "Tomb of the Rabbits," a low Par
isian groggery. where the thieves and
gamins of Paris congregate for their
nightly revels, affords a meeting place
for the villain and his tool. Little
Mary, now grown to comely girlhood,
is a fugitive f-om the persecutions of
a procuress. Che crosses the bridge,
is seen by her enemies, pursued and
thrown into the river. Her father,
who has served through the war, and
returned to Paris to pursue the voca
tion of a hackman, hears her cries for
help. He is at the foot of the bridge,
filling his water bucket, and rushes to
the rescue, forming the final tableau
with Maria's dripping body in his arms.
Mr. Mainhall's part is that of the Vl
compte de Flashon. a chevalier d'indus
trie and all-around rogue, whose re
deeming traits and droll characteris
tics rob his unscrupulous actions of
much of their repulsiveness. La Petite
Lund has been cast for little Mary
and will introduce specialties, and the
rest of the company will be prominent-
I ly represented.
Orpheum.
An entire new bill is announced at
the Orpheum this wpek, when Hyde's
comedians take the boards in place of
the present string of talent. The Hyde
show opens with to-night's perform
ance. The Hyde combination is said
to be the strongest of all the road vau
deville shows, and several acts have
been specially engaged for the coast
tour. At the head of the list is Helena
Mora, the famous female barytone, who
will appear in descriptive songs and
ballads. She will introduce one written
specially for her, entitled "For Old
Glory," which will be produced with
scenic effects. Mclntyre and Heath,
the black face comedians, have an
amusing skit, entitled "Two Georgia
Minstrels," in which the experiences
and hardships of the stranded actor
are presented. An entirely different
line of black face work is that by Wil
liams and Walker, colored boys, who
will present the idiosyncrasies of the
flash coon and his sweetheart. Thia
team scored the phenomenal run of
thirty-two weeks at Koster & Bial's.
In their act they will introduce "Lord
Barnie," the famed black mascot of the
Chicago baseball game; they are as
sisted In the cake-walk by two creole
girls.
Charles R. Sweet, known as the piano
tramp, will appear in specialties, and
Thome and Carlton will present a skit
entitled "The Substitute Husband."
The great Lafayette, who has attained
fame as an imitator of John Philip
Sousa. will appear in a turn of fantas
tic mimicry. Among other features of
the bill is Ajax, known as the flexible
marble.
Ghutes.
The animals, their intrepid trainers,
Chlquita and several new people in the
free theater will make the Chutes an
attractive place this week.
Olvjmpia.
Mandola, the clever equilibrist, who
has been the especial hit at the Or
pheum this week, will be one of several
new turns at the Olympia.
JYlusic.
At Thursday's symphony concert in
the Tivoli Mr. Seheel's orchestra will
play Schubert's C major symphony,
the Parisian Bacchanale from "Tann
hauser" and a symphonic poem by Ur
ban, entitled "The Ratcatcher."
The first of a series of concerts to be
given here by the world famous Knei
sel quartet will take place at Sherman.
& Clay Hall on the evening of May 18.
3536
BOYS' AND GIRLS' PAGE.
THE CAPTAIN'S ADVENTURE.
DID I ever have any -adventures
in China?" repeated the old sea
captain, stretching himself com
fortably in hi? chair. "Well, yes,
a few. I r-m.-mber a pretty tick
lish one which happ-ned in '64. when
I was down on the H<>ung-ho River at
Shanghai.
"You must know that in China the
small river craft corresponding to our
rowb>>ats are called sampans. These
boats are long, narrow affairs with just
room for a passenger undi'r the hood
at one end. while opposite sits the
Chin^sA sculler.
"Well, on the nieht of which I speak,
my ship, the Dolphin, was lying "ft.
Tung Ka'lon, which was the third or
French portion of th»- river. I was
making ready for sea, but had been
kept very late in the custom-house that
night gntting my bill of lading. But
everything was ready aboard ship, for
she had been well provisioned and a
Chinese crew pngaged. All the officers
\v(-r«", of course, Americans. I had no
passengers, but was carrying a cargo
of tea and silk to Fuchau.
"At about 11 p. m. I finished my busi
ness at the custom-house, and then
walked down the bund, or beach, to the
French concession. Here, as I had
discharged my own private boatman,
I looked about for any sampan near by
to carry me out to my ship. I en
paered one and set off.
"The night was pitchy dark with a
drizzling rain and the only light we
had was that furnished by a small lan
tern hanging up behind me in the hood
of the sampan. As we went up stream
I noticed that my boatman kept up a
guttural conversation with other pass
ing sampan men. but thought nothing
of it at the time.
THE BOYS NEXT SUNDAY,
Xext Sunday morning the page of selected stories written by the
boys of the coast, in competition with the girls, will be published. The
girk' page will appear one week later. Two days remain for mailing
stories intended lor the pages. No selection will be made, therefore, un
til after Tuesday next. During the past week the boys have done well,
and the competition will not be one-sided. The boys will be represented
by six '•torics. which will be illustrated. More stories will be used if there
is sufficient space. The girls will have the same amount of space as the
boys. The judges have not all responded to the invitations sent out to
them, but acceptances are coming in. The full list will be published at
the proper time. At the time of this writing nine judges have signified
pleasure at being able to serve fhe boys and girls. There will be fifteen in
all, and every judge will be prominently connected with education on
the Pacific Coast. Thoy are all accustomed to reading the compositions
of boys and girls and to pas_ing upon their merits. They will represent
many communities and much education and good judgmen . The list of
judges will be satisfactory and so will the stories. Watch for the Boys'
Page next Sunday. Then see the Girls' Page the succeeding Sunday. The
two pages will exemplify the story-telling ability of our young people.
THE BUMPKINS ABANDON THE CIRCUS FOR ONE DAY TO HUNT EASTER EGGS AND DISCOVER SOME QUEER SPECIMENS.
EDITED BY
DAVID H. WALKER.
BY EUGENIA B. MABURY.
"Rut when we got half way to the
Bhip mv man suddenly Btopped sculling
and at the very same nwunent a <~ouple
of strange sampans dropped along mi
either side, while two of the most
hide >us and most villainous faces I
ever had Been peered In under the h< od
at me. 1 was startled, for 1 was taken
..'•■t-ly off my guard. But, quick
as a flash, I grabbed my revolver and
drew bead on my boatman. Instantly
he dropped overboard, carrying his "iir
with him. and then the other two
cowardly rascals let go the edge of my
sampan and disappeared in the dark
ness.
• But imagine my plight! There I
was without an oar. in the middle of
ilv stream above the friendly conces
sion, with the tide fast carrying me
down to unknown dangers. I dirt not
dare x<> cry out for help for fear of
being mobbed by the boatmen on the
rivei", who h<-.ld life cheap and regard
all foreigners as legitimate prey.
"Finally I could hear the tide rush
ing past the moorings of some ship not
far away, and presently could Bee the
phosphorus caused by the washing of
her chain in the water. Hope returned,
and pulling up the thwart, or seat of
the sampan. I managed by dint of much
patience and exertion to paddle over
to the ship and make fast my painß-r to
her (ham.
" "Sampan, ahoy!' sung out a voice
with a strong Norwegian accent. But
I i;i''. not answer.
" 'Sampan, ahoy!' he cried again. 'If
you don't answer I'll throw something
down at you.'
"I concluded it was time to reply, so
I told him who I was. and was then
very glad to find him the mate of the
ship, and a man with whom I was
slightly acquainted. Then I described
my condition, and learned that John,
the sampan man of the Norwegian
ship, had been telling the offic?r how an
Englishman had that night stolen a
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 10, 1898.
boat and thrown the owner overboard.
"The mate ordered John to tow me
back to my ship at once.
"< >n my arrival I ordered the cap
tured sampan to be hau!<-d aboard and
placed in full sight on top of the pilot
house. All the next day hundreds of
boatmen rowed past to view it, but
none came to claim it; and as there
was no mark upon it I had no means of
finding out to whom the boat belonged.
But early next morning, since I could
wait no longer, I set sail for Fuchau,
and took the sampan along, thinking I
would keep it for my own private use.
I also carried a special sampan man
with me.
"Now, as the river in this section
was so shallow. I had to stop at the
Pagoda anchorage, eighty miles below
Fur hau. Directly opposite me, across
the river, was the town of Fookeln.
Here there lived a class of piratical
Chinese, who made a business of rob
bing and killing all upon whom they
could lay their hands, both natives and
foreigners.
"When I arrived at the Pagoda an
chorage I started in my sampan with
the new man up the river until I
reached Fuchau. On landing I told him
to wait there for me, but on my return
was not greatly surprised to find both
him and the sampan missing. I re
ported the case to the American Consul,
who sent out a Chinese detective. Two
hours later the detective returned and
reported that my man had gone across
the river to Fookein, which was full of
lawless boatmen, and. being a stranger,
they had killed him and cut off his head
and kept the sampan. So that was the
end of my adventure."
UNCLE BILLY AND
LITTLE SUNSHINE
BY MABEL E. THOMPSON.
Uncle Billy was an old man. He
lived in San Francisco. He was very
silent, and people called him cross; but
he had a soft spot in his heart. One
night, as he was walking home, think
ing: of his little granddaughter, Nellie,
who was dead, he saw a little girl
who was sobbi r.Er. "I want mamma;
bad man take Millie."
He soothed her and took her home
with him. The next day he told the
police about her. They tried to find her
parents, but oould not. U-ele Billy
loved Sunshine, as he called her, and
was gl£M to keep her. Years passed by,
and no one came to claim her.
A lady once heard her sing, and per
suaded Uncle Billy to give Sunny sing
ing iessons. Sunny had a gold locket
on her neck when Uncle Billy found
her, and he often showed it to her and
talked about it.
One day, when they were at the park
looking at the swans, Sunny said: "Un
cle Billy, I seem to remember a pretty
place with swans like this." Sunny
became a beautiful girl and a very
sweet singer. Every one loved her, for
she was always kind.
One Saturday Uncle Billy came home
■while Sunny was away and got every
thing ready for an early lunch, so they
could go to the park.
Just as he had finished there was a
rap at the door, and, opening it, he saw
a pretty lady and a gentleman.
As they came forward, the lady
asked: "Are you Uncle Billy, and have
you a little girl named Mildred?"
"I have," said Uncle Billy, "but what
do you know of her?"
"I will tell "you," said the gentleman.
"My name Is Perry and fifteen years
ago to-day we had a little girl born
whom we named Mildred. She grew
to be a pretty child. TVhen she was
about two years old I discharged a
man who was dishonest. He threat
ened to be revenged.
"One day, when Millie and her nurse
were out walking, the nurse stopped
to talk with some friends and Millie
wandered on. She was f-pt\ no more.
"Two weeks ago we received a let
ter from this man, saying that he was
Aery sick and wanted t'> see us. "We
went to him at once and he told us
that he stole Millie and took her to
San Francisco and saw you take her
home. He found out your name and
told us where to go.
"Now. Uncle T-silly, you see we are
her parents. Have you the locket that
was on her neck?"
"Yes." said Uncle Billy, "and I must
lose my Sunshine."
AN EASTER MORNING SONG.
Within a California bower
Of ro«*s stood a matron sweet.
Around her, in a fragrant shower.
Fell the rare rose leaves at her feet.
"Dear God," she said, '■from out of the clear
Blue sky we ask Thy sign of love
This Easter day, thy children hear
The pinions of the Heavenly Dove
Which in far old Tudea descended
And Jesus in i.ie wave attended."'
Hark! Children's voices, faint and fine
Sang a glad Easter morn refrain.
'Dear Lord," they sang, *'the world is thine.
Earth praises thee with flowers and grain.
Far spread the landscape — hill and dale.
Mountains with orange groves beneath,
Whose blossoms sweetened every gale—"
Earth's fairest, richest, bridal wreath!
"God," said the matron. "God above
In these sweet children pledges love."
"Oh, no," said Mrs. Perry. "We will
take you home with us."
Just then Millie came in. "Well,
Funny," said Uncle Billy, "this is your
birthday. These are your parents."
With a cry of joy Millie sprang to
them.
They took Millie and Uncle Billy
home with them to Chicago. Uncle
Billy loved Millie's little brother and
spent his time with him.
Millie was always called "Uncle
Billy's Sunshine." She now saw the
swan she so instinctively remembered
and was very happy with those she
loved.
THE SUN AND MOON.
BY JUDITH GUSLEAN.
The sun and the moon had a fight,
It was a comical sight.
The moon fought the best,
And the sun sank to rest
In the radiant west.
And it sulkily slept all the night.
BEANSTALK JACK'S VOYAGE.
JACK O1O 1 THE BEANSTALK sat
talking with his mother one even
ing by the fireside, when two queer
happenings made Jack open his
eyes wide. The harp that he stole
from the Giant began to talk: the hen
that lays eggs of solid gold began to
lay, and at such a rate that the floor
was soon covered with gold.
"Jack o' the Beanstalk," said the
harp, "do not sit here idly and selfishly.
There are those in trouble who need
your help. Having told you this, I will
ask you to pick up the golden eggs and
place them in a leather raddle-bag.
Rise before the sun to-morrow morning.
When you hear the first crowing in the
barnyard go out and mount a horse
which you will lind standing by the
door. Do not take the reins, but go
■where the horse wills, and be brave and
true. So will you do good."
"Do not go, Jack," said his mother.
"I am old, and need you at home."
"No, mother, do not stop me," said
Jack. "Good fortune has come to us
by daring. Let us not be selfish."
The next morni.g. early. Jack awoke,
kisseu' his mother good-by, took her
blessing and rode off upon the horse he
found in waiting. Once he turned in his
saddle to look back. His mother stood
by her cottage door, waving her hand
kerchief in fond adieu.
What a wonderful horse that was
that Jack had! Jack minded what the
harp had said, and never touched the
bridle once. He had no need to urge
his beast. He raced up hills and down
hills; swam broad and brawling riv.-rs
with ease, galloped through mountain
dt-files and over deserts, and never
tired. This went on for three days,
the horse never pausing, by day or by
Jack luckily had enough provisions
to last him. He was a perfect horse
man and could sleep in his saddle. He
was dozing when a strange noise
roused him. Looking ahead he saw
an ocean. Toward this the horse was
galloping. Before Jack had a chance
to think much the horse had galloped
boldly into the surf. A great billow,
topped with salt foam, took the horse
away from the shore, which soon be
came a dim, dark line far behind.
Bold as Jack was he was really
alarmed. Around him, on all sides,
were only huge, roaring waves the
spray from which kept him constantly
drenched. The wonderful horse found
no difficulty in swimming through and
over the highest waves. Often he raised
l>av and nipht passed several times,
• • IT 1 Vv Cf\
used to it that he slept in his saddle
as easily as when the horse had carried
him over solid land. And now Jack
BOW smoke <>n the horizon. A few hours
later he drew near enough to see that
th<* smoke came from a volcano, which,
like a wonderful torch, seemed to tower
up to the very sky with its flaming
On and on! And now the horse was
on a beach strewn with jagped stones,
and now he had floundered alon^ to a
place above the reach of the waves —
and there his wonderful strength left
him and he lay down and died. But
before his valiant life C parted or his
unconquerable will failed, he spoke
those words to Jack:
"This, dear Jack, is the dreadful home
of the brother of that Giant whom you
saw and, whose land you visited by
means of the wonderful beanstalk.
That Giant being dead, his brother has
brought to this island the farmer who
bought your mother's cow; and here,
also, his family are held as prisoners.
"The reason is that the Giant knew
that the beans which the farmer gave
you enabled you to reach him and to
take away his hen and his harp. This
he told his brother. The brother can
not be hurt by fire; nor by water. You
must find some way to reach the sum
mit of the volcano. I cannot tell you
how. When I am dead take off my
iron shoes. These are charms to help
you. They are filled with magic. They
alone enabled me to travel so far and
to swim so far."
The next instant the horse was dead
and Jack was alone. He took off the
horse's shoes and carefully saved every
nail. He dug a trench by the shore
and buried the horse and, on the board
placed the words, "A brave and faith.
ful friend." Then he pushed on until
he came near the .foot of the volcano.
That was a dangerous place; for the
red hot stones that were thrown from
the volcano rattled on the ground all
about him. He received many a wound,
but struggled onward and upward un
til he found some little shelter in a
grove of iron-wood trees. There, bleed-
Ing and bruised, he rested.
High above him the volcano roared
and the ground shook terribly under
his feet. From the earth came groan
ings and rumblings, as if the wrath of
the volcano would tear up the land and
throw it far out into the waves. Once,
looking upward, Jack fancied that he
saw the Giant gazing ferociously at
him. Jack was much puzzled. How
should he get up on the mountain and
what should he do there? For adown
its scarred sides flowed wide rivers of
red hot lava and the air was filled with
scorching and choking ashes.
Jack's lot seemed sad. He knew, af
ter thinking a little, that he would
never be able to climb to the top
of the volcano without help. Any mo
ment a river of molten lava might flow
toward the grove of iron-wood trees
and drive him from his present shelter.
He fondled the horseshoes taken from
his brave charger's feet. As he did
this a thrill passed through him. His
courage rose.
One of the horseshoes fell to the
ground. Instantly, by the magio with
in, it was turned into a shield of steel.
Seeing this. Jack placed the other shoes
upon the ground. Two of them were
changed into great wheels. One turned
into the body of a chariot. The wheels
and chariot body fastened themselves
THE BABY'S GOOD-NIGHT.
BY CHARLES A. KEELER.
Little eyes close in the dim evening- light;
Wave your hand, little maiden, good-night, good-night.
Wave your hand to the doggie — he's wagging his tail,
And wave to the muley cow down in the dale.
Hark! Hark! She is ringing good-night with her bell;
Now wave to the kitties a sweet farewell.
The birds in the branches above are asleep,
And see the stars shine through the night's distant deep.
Now, little one, wavte a good-night to the moon,
For the owl is singing his sad, sleepy tune.
together. But what was to draw this
chariot? Jack counted the horseshoe
nails out, one by one.
Some turned into double-edged
Bwords and lances and Jack saw that
the lances were to be used with the
shield and that the" swords were to be
fastened to his chariot wheels. Jack
perfected his chariot with these swords,
took up his shield of steel and tried
the points of the lances, which were
sharp as needles, and so strong that
they could not be bent.
So far Jack was satisfied with the
help given him by the magic of the
hm-seshoes, but still the question was
how to get to the top of the volcano,
which was raging more fiercely every
minute.
Suddenly Jack stamped one foot and
laughed outright. In one of his
pockets he had found one bean, just
such a one as the wonderful beanstalk
had sprouted from. He lost not a
second, but planted this bean, hoping
that it would bring him good luck. In
stantly it sprouted. In an hour the
vine was ten feet long, as large round
as Jack's thumb, and as strong as a
rope of steel. Without pause it began
to climb the mountain. Jack took the
hint: fastened the chariot to the vine;
buckled on his shield; took up the
strongest and sharpest lance; and
stepped into the chariot.
His hope was not disappointed. The
beanstalk climbed steadily and rapid
ly. AVonderful to say it did not turn
aside for the streams of lava, but leap
ed over them. Jack stood upright upon
Uie chariot, with eyes bravely turned
toward the mountain top. Passing
through volleys of red hot stones,
breathing the fumes of sulphur and
lava, scorched, bruised, bleeding and
half blinded, but never for one moment
thinking of turning back, up went Jack,
drawn by this wonderful beanstalk.
How was this?
The supposed farmer who first gave
Jack the magic beans was a magician,
although Jack had never guessed it.
This v ,s the country of which the
magic beanstalk as a native. When
Jack bcr.t over to pick up the horse
shoe nails, he, without knowing it,
picked up a magic bean. The beanstalk
w;is sure to grow toward the Giant.
So it happened, after his rough ride
up the steep luountain side, Jack found
himself, in his chariot, ju-. a the full
moon rose above the ocean, on a small
shelf around the volcano's blazing cra
ter. In the crater was this awful
Giant's home. There he h.-d his forge
and made strange shapes of iron — long
swords and spears with jagged edges;
horrible images of men and unknown
beasts, that came, fiery red, from his
worksho-- strange trumpets, through
which the Giant made the most dread
ful sounds; and braeen cymbals, the
noise of which, when they were clashed
together, was like thunder or the roar
and din of a great battle where many
cannons are fired.
Jack shuddered as he looked into the
seemingly bottomless crater and its un
dying fires. He had no time to spend
idly, >for the Giant saw him and, with
one bound, was out of the crater, blaz
ing: in his red-hot armor likeafiery star,
for, it will be recalled, neither fire nor
water could har. him. Upon his head
was a red-hot helmet In his hands
were huge rods of red-hot iron, from
which —ks darted in streams as if
the rods were beaten by ham lers In a
smithy. His anger was terrible to»
"\t last!" he screamed, in a -voice
that shook the f(UI \ d ' T "' a n, la mm t ake you
you 'n my power and I * H - mm * ke hp y _° r 1 }
help me toil in the volcano s Sen heart
forever and forever!" .
"Not so fast. Mr. Giant,' said Jack
"you have to catch a hare before you
can cook it!" _  . , f
"Villain, you escaped my brother, Dut
you shall not escape me!"
The Giant laid about him with the
iron rods as he strode rapidly toward
Jack. One blow would have crushed
Jack lifeless. The magic in the Dean
stalk had gone into the chariot arm
now Jack rode around and around tne
edge of the crater, the sharp swords on
the chariot wheels flashing blood red
in the glare of the volcano's light ana
threatening destruction to anything m
striking distance.
The Giant raced after him, but could
not quite catch Jack.
"Ho! Ho!" laughed Jack, "first catctt
your hare."
But Jack's laughter did not last long.
One nf the chariot wheels struck
against a bank of lava and Jack was
thrown out. Striding close behind, the
Giant had the brave boy in his grasp
in an Instant.
High the Giant held Jack above the
burning crater; loudly he shouted with
fierce glee.
"A warm bath you'll have to-night.
Jack! See how the volcano Is hungry
for you!"
But in his moment of seeming tri-
umph the magic chariot, making the
round of the crater's fiery run, hurried
with lightning-like speed toward the
Giant. He tried to escape, but could
not. He saw that he would soon ba
under the wheels and their cruel
swords unless he could beat the chariot.
Jack's weight was but as a feather to
him. But when he found that tha
chariot gained upon him the Giant
stood a moment, looking like an im
mense statue, and the glare of the vol
cano threw his shadow far over tha
ocean.
"Good-by, Jack," he Bhouted, and
then, with a cruel and mocking laugh,
threw Jack into the awful crater.
At that very instant the chariot
struck the monster, and the wheels cut
him into mincemeat with their two
edged swords.
Jack fell far into the crater. From
his saddle-bag dropped the golden egga
that he had brought from his home. A
fiery monster leaped from the flames
and seized the eggs.
"Gold! Gold!" he fairly shrieked
with glee. Seeing the gold, he forgot
to feed the volcano's fires, and the
Giant's magic having died with him. the
flames went out. Whatever the eggs
bounded against in their fall turned
into gold. So the fiery monster forgot
all about everything but gold and Jack.
The whole crater was solid gold now.
The monster reached out his hands and
caught Jack, so that the lad was not
hurt.
But the quick-witted boy took an egg
and handed it to the monster, who
taking it, immediately turned into a
statue of gold. Jack, now climbed up
the crater, making stepping places in
the gold with his knife. He reached
home after many days and found the
hen dead that lay the golden eggs; but
he did not mind that. He told his
mother of his adventure, and he is to
this day the King of the Island of the
Pure Gold Crater, and his mother is tha
Queen. D. H. W.
■■ »
SENSIBLE FLOWERS.
BY VERA CHISHOLM.
In an open meadow
Down by the little lane,
Some flowers wish for sunshine.
Some flowers wish for rain.
"Ah." said a tall, fair lily,
"I'm dying now of thirst.
Oh, come to me, dear raindrop.
My heart will surely burst."
"I love to hear the raindrops,"
Said the red rose one day,
"But, oh, where is sweet summer!
She's gone so far away."
"Ha! ha!" laughed the blue violet,
"I am so very glad.
The gentle rain has come to mo,
Althouh it makes you sad!"
Then spoke the velvet pansy,
"The grass grows tall and green,
'Twill give us all some shelter
When winds are cold and keen."
They clapped their hands— "You're right,
you're right !"'
They all cried out together;
"The winter gives us half our lite—
The gentle rainy weather."CHARTER
FOR THE
CITY AND COUNTRY
OF
SAN FRANCISCO
PREPARED AND PROPOSED BY THE
BOARD OF FREEHOLDERS,
Elected December 27, 1897, In pursuance of the Provisions of
Section 8. Article XI, of the Constitution of the
State of California.
CONTENTS.
ARTICI.T-: I— BOUNDARIES. RIGHTS
AND LIABILITIES.
ARTICL" II— LEGISLATIVE DEPAI -
ME NT.
Charter I— The Board of Supervisors.
Chapter Powers of the Supervisors.
Chapter 111 Contracts.
ARTICLE in— FINANCE AND TAXA
TION.
Cr-nptor I— Levying of Tiixcs.
ter ll— Tho Several Funds.
Chapter lll— The Custody of Public
ys.
Chapter IV— Payment of Claims.
ARTICLE IV— EXECUTIVE DEPART
MENT.
Chapter I— Mayor.
Chapter ll— Auditor.
Chapter lll— Treasurer.
Chapter IV— Assessor.
Chapter V— Tax Collector,
chapter Vl— Coroner.
Chapter Vll— Recorder.
ARTICLE V-LEGAL DEPARTMENT.
Chapter I— Superior Court Judges.
Chapter ll— City Attorney.
Chapter lll— District Attorney.
Chapter IV— Public Administrator.
Chapter V— County Clerk.
Chapter Vl— Sheriff.
Chapter Vll— Justices' Court.
Chapter Vlll— Police Court.
Chapter IX— San Francisco Law Library.
ARTICLE VI-DEPARTMENT OF PUB
LIC WORKS.
Chapter I— Board of Public Works
Chapter ll— lmprovement of Streets.
Chapter lll— Opening of Streets.
Chapter IV— Sewers and Drainage.
Chapter V— Harbors and Wharves.
ARTICLE VII - PUBLIC SCHOOLS
AND LIBRARIES.
Chapter I— Board of Education
Chapter ll— Schools.
Educ a a P Uon. 1II ~ POWerS ° f the Board of
Chapter IV— Superintendent of Schools.
ARTICLE I.
Boundaries, Rights and Liabilities.
SECTION 1. The municipal corpora
tion known as the City and County of
Fan Francisco shall remain and con
tinue a body politic and corporate, in
name and in fact, by the name of the
City and County of San Francisco, and
by that name shall have perpetual suc
cession; may sue md defend in all
courts and places and In all matters
and proceedings; may have an 1 use a
common seal and alter the same at
pleasure: may purchase, receive, hold
and enjoy real and personal property;
receive bequests, gifts and donations of
all kinds of property, in fee simple, or
in trust for charitable and other pur
poses, and do all acts necessary to
carry out thi purposes of tuch gifts,
. =te and donations, .vith power to
r.^anage, sell, lease or otherwise dispose
of the same in accordance with the
terms of the. gift, bequest or trust.
Sec. 2. The boundaries of the City
and County of Can Francisco are here
by declared to be those set forth in
Section Thirty-nine Hundred and Fifty
of the Political Code of California.
Bee. 3. The City and County of San
Francisco shall continue, under this
Charter, to have, hold and enjoy all
property, rights of property, rights of
action of every nature and description
of the existing municipality and is
hereby declared to be the successor of
the same.
Sec. 4. Suits, actions and proceedings
may be brought in the name of the City
and County for the recover: of any
property, money or thinr belong
ing thereto, in law or eqult:\ or dedi
cated to public use therein, or for the
enforcement of any rights cf, or con
tracts with, the City and County,
whether made or arising or accruing
before or after the adoption of this
Charter. All existing suits, actions and
proceedings In the courts or elsewhere.
to which the City and County is a party,
shall continue to be carried on by or
against the City and County.
Sec. 6. No recourse shall be had
against the City and County for dam
age or loss to person or property suf
fered or sustained by reason of the de
fective condition of any sidewalk
ptreet, avenue, lane, alley, court or
place, or by reason of the defective
condition of any sewer, or by reason of
any defective drainage, whether any of
said defects originally existed, or
whether they were occasioned by con
struction, excavation or embankment.
nor shall there be any recourse against
the City and County for want of re
pair of any sidewalk, street, avenue,
lane, alley, court or place or by want
of repair of any sewer; or shall there
be any recourse against the City and
County for damage to. person or prop
erty suffered or sustained by reason of
accident on any sidewalk, street, avenue, 1
lane, alley, court or place, or by falling
from any embankment thereon or Into
any excavation therein: but in anysuch
case the person or persons on whom
the law may have Imposed the obli
gation to repair such defect In ' the
sidewalk, street or public highway, or
in the sewer, and also the officer or
•■■♦floors through whose official negli
gence such defect remains unrepaired
shall be jointly and severally liable to
the party injured for the damage sus
tained.
ARTICLE 11.
LEGISLATIVE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTEK I.
The Board of Supervisors.
SECTION 1. The legislative power
of the City and County of San Francis
co shall be vested in a legislative body.
Which shall be designated the Board of
ARTICLE Vll— Continued.
Chapter V— School Tax Levy.
Chapter Vl— Schoolhouses and Lots.
Chapter Vll— Public Library and Read
ing-ruems.
ARTICLE VIII — POLICE DEPART -
MENT.
Chapter I— Organization.
Chapter ll— Police Commissioners.
Chapter lll— Powers of the Board.
Chapter IV — Chief of Police.
Chapter V— Subordinate Officers.
Chapter Vl— Police Officers.
Chapter Vll— Promotions, Suspensions
and Dismissals.
Chapter Vlll— Unclaimed and Stolen
Property.
Chapter IX— Present Police Force.
Chapter X— Police Relief and Pension
Fund.
ARTICLE IX— FIRE DEPARTMENT.
Chapter I— Organization and Powers.
Chapter ll— Duties of Commissioners.
Chapter lll— The Chief Engineer.
Chapter IV— Fire Companies.
Chapter V— Fire Marshal.
Chapter Vl— Fire Wardens.
Chapter Vll— Firemen's Relief Fund.
Chapter Vlll— Salaries.
Chapter IX— Department of Electricity.
ARTICLE X-DEPARTMENT OF PUB
LIC HEALTH.
ARTICLE XI — DEPARTMENT OF
ELECTIONS.
Chapter I— Board of Election Commis
j sioneis.
Chapter ll— Municipal Elections.
ARTICLE Xn— ACQUISITION OF PUB
LIC UTILITIES.
ARTICLE XHI-Cn IL SERVICE.
ARTICLE XIV-PARK COMMISSION
ERS.
ARTICLE XV-BONDS OF OFFICIALS.
ARTICLE XVI-MISCELLANEOUS.
SCHEDULE.
Supervisors. Such body is also desig
nated in" this Charter, the Supervisors.
tiec. 2. The Board of Supervisors
thai! consist of eighteen members, all
of whom shall hold office for two years,
and shall be elected from the City and
County at large. Each one must be at
the time of his election an elector of
the City and County, and must have
been such for at least five years next
preceding his election. Each Supervis
or shall receive an annual salary of '
twelve hundred dollr -s.
Every person who has served as I
Mayor of the City and County, so long
as he remains a resident thereof, shall
be entitled to a seat in the Board of
Supervisors and to participate in its
debates, but shall not be entitled to a
vote nor to any compensation.
Sec. 3. A majority of all the members
of the Board shall constitute a quorum,
but a less number may adjourn from
day to day and compel the attendance
of absent members in such manner and
under such penalties as the Board may
prescribe.
Sec. 4. The Board shall:
1. Appoint a clerk, sergeant-at-arms
and, when authorized to do so by ordi- :
nance, such additional clerks and other '.
assistants as may be deemed necessary, j
2. Establish rules for its proceedings, i
3. Keep of its proceedings, |
and allow the same to be published.
The ayes and noes shall on demand of
any member be taken and entered
therein.
4. Have authority to punish its mem
ben for disorderly or contemptuous
behavior in its presence.
Sec. 5. The Mayor shall be the pre-
Biding officer of the Board of Supervis
ore. In the absence of the Mayor the j
Board shall appoint a presiding officer
pro tempore from its own members, ,
who shall have the same right to vote
as other members.
Sec. 6. The Beard shall meet on !
Monday of each week, or if that day be a
legal holiday, then on the next day.
The Board shall not adjourn to any
other place than to its r 'ar place of
meeting, except in case of great neces- :
sity or emergency. The meetings of
I the Board shall be public.
Sec. 7. The clerk, of the Board. :
when requested to do so, shall admin- !
ister oaths and affirmations, without ,
charge, in all matters pertaining to ]
the affairs of his office, and shall per
form such services as may be pre
scribed by the Board. He shall have
the custody of the seal, and of all
leases, grants and other documents,
records and papers of the City and
County. His signature shall be neces
sary to all leases, grants and convey
ances of the City and County.
Sec. S. Every legislative act of the
City and County shall be by ordinance.
The enacting clause of every ordinance
shall be in these words: "Be it or
dained by the People of the City and
County of San Francisco as follows."
No ordinance shall be passed except by
bill, and no bill shall be so amended as
to change its original purpose.
Sec. 9. No bill shall become an ordi
nance nor resolution be adopted, un
less finally passed by a majority of all
the members of the Board and the vote
be taken by ayes and noes and the
names of the members voting for and
1 against the same be entered in the
Journal. -
Sec. 10. No ordinance shall be re
vised, re-enacted or amended by refer
ence to its title: but the ordinance to
be revised or re-enacted, or the section
thereof amended, shall be re-enacted
| at length as revised and amended.
Sec. 11. An ordinance shall embrace
but one subject, which subject shall be
expressed in its title. If any subject
' be embraced in an ordinance and not
i expressed in its title, such ordinance
shall be void only as to so much there
of as is net expressed in its title.
Sec. 12. When a bill Is put upon Its
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APHIL 10, 1898.
final passage In the Board and fails to i
pass, and a motion is made to recon- i
sider, the vote upon such motion shall
not be acted upon before the expira
tion of twenty-four hours after ad
journment. No bill for the grant of
any franchise shall be put upon its '
final passage within ninety days after
It* introduction, and no franchise shall ;
be renewed before one year prior to its i
expiration. Every ordinance shall, af- !
ter amendment, be laid over for one ;
week before its final passage.
Sec. 13. Every bill or resolution pro
viding for any specific improvement, ;
or the granting of any franchise or |
privilege, or involving the lease, ap
propri&tioa or disposition of public i
property or the expenditure of public
money, except sums less than two
h" Tdred dollars, or levying any tax
or assessment, and every ordinance
providing for the imposition of a new ,
duty or penalty, shall, after Its intro-
Auction, be published in the official j
newspaper, with the ayes and noes, ,
for at least five successive days (Sun- I
days and legal holidays excepted) be- j
fore final action upon the same. If I
such bill be amended, the bill as
amended shall be advertised for a like ;
period before final action thereon. Bui
in cases of great necessity the officers
and heads of departments may, with
the consent of the Mayor, expend such
sums of money, not to exceed two hun
dred dollars, as shall be necessary to
meet the requirements of such neces
sity.
Sec. 14. If any bill be presented to
the Mayor containing several items ap
propriating money or fixing a tax levy,
he may object to one or more items |
separately, while approving other por- j
tions of the bill. In such case he shall
append to the bill at the time of slgn-
I ing it a statement of the item or items
!to which he objects and the reasons
I therefor, and the item or it^ms so ob-
I jected to shall not take effect unless
' passed notwithstanding the Mayor's
objection. Each item so objected to
: shall be separately reconsidered by the
i Board in the same manner as bills
which have been disapproved by the
Mfyor.
Sec. 15. No ordinance shall take ef
] feet until ten days after its passage
! unless otherwise provided in such or-
dinance.
Sec. 16. Every bill and every resolu
tion as hereinbefore provided, which
shall have passed the Board and shall
have been duly authenticated, shall be
presented to the Mayor for his appro
val. The Mayor shall return such bill
or resolution to the Board within ten
days after receiving It. If he approve
It he shall sign it and it shall then be
come an ordinance. If he disapprove
it he shall specify his objections there
to in writing. If he does not return
it with such disapproval within the
time above specified, it shall take ef
fect as if he had approved It. The ob
jections of the Mayor shall be entered
at large in the Journal of the Board,
and the Board shall, after five and
within thirty daya after such bill or
; resolution shall have been so returned,
i reconsider and vote upon the same. If
j the same shall, upon reconsideration.
: be again passed by the affirmative vote
of not less than fourteen members of
the Board, the presiding officer shall
certify that fact on the bill or resolu
| tion. and when so certified, the bill
shall become an ordinance with like ef
fect as if it had been nnnroved by th ft
; Mayor. If the bill or resolution shall fail
to receive the vote of fourteen members
of the Board it shall be deemed finally
lost. The vote on such reconsideration
shall be tak^n by ayes and noes and
, the names of the members voting for
i and against the same shall be entered
! in the Journal.
Sec. 17. All ordinances and resolu
| tiops shall be deposited with the Clerk
j of the Board who shall record the same
at leneth in a suitable book.
Sec. IS. No ordinance shall be re
j pealed except by ordinance adopted in
i the manner hereinbefore set out. and
such ordinance shall be presented to
; the Mayor for his approval as hereln
1 before provided.
Sec. 19. Except as provided in Chap
ter 111 of Article 111 of this Charter, all
demands payable out of the Treasury
! must, before they can be approved by
i the Auditor or paid by the Treasurer,
j be first approved by the Board of Sup
i er Msors. All demands for more thantwo
: hundred dollarsshall be presented to the
M»vor for :s approval, in the manner
hereinbefore provide" for th n passaere
nf hills or resolutions. All resolution?
directing: the payment of money other
than salaries or wages, when the
amount exceeds five hundred dollars,
shall be published for five successive
days (Sundays and legal holidays ex
ceptedt In the official newspaper.
Sec. 20. "*■*" _ie r there shall be pre
sented to"*he Hoard of Election Com
missioners a retitlon signed by a num
ber of voters equal to fi*te:n per
centum of the votes cast at the last
preceding State or City ard County
election, asking that an ordinance to be
set forth in such petition, >c suhr ..ted
to a vote of th electors o»" h^ City tnd
County, the Board of Election Com
missioners must submit such proposed
ordinance to tl.e vote of the eleitor^ ~t
the next election.
The sigr tures to the petition need
not all be appended to one paper, but
each signer shall add to his sienatur^
his place of r idence. giving the street
and number. One of the signers of
each such paper shall ike oath be
fore an officer competent '.o admin, ter
oaths, that the statements therein
made are true, and that each signature
to the paper appended is the genuine
signature of the person whose name
purports to be thereto subscribed.
The tickets used in such election
■ball contain the words "FOR THE
ORDINANCE" (stating the nature of
the proposed ordinance) and
"AGAINST THE ORTMXANOE" (stat
ing the nature of the proposed ordi
nance).
If a majority nf the votes cast x >en
such ordinary si. all be in fa 'or of the
adoption there< ". the Board nf Election
Commissioners shall within thirty days
from the time of such election, pro
c'aim such fac' : nd upon such procla
mation such ordinance shall have the
same force and effect as an ord-inanr ;
passed by the Supervisors and ap
proved by the Mayor, and the same
shall not be repealed by the Supervi
sors. But the Supervisors may suKntt
a proposition for the repeal of such
ordinance, or for amendments thereto,
for v jte at any succeeding election; and
should such proposition, so submitted, j
receive a majority of the votes cast
thereon at such election, such ordi
nance shall oe repealed or amended
accordintriv.
Sec. 21. Except as otherwise pro
vided in the Constitution of the State,
or as otherwise provided in this Char
ter, every nrlinar. c in/olvlng the j
granting by the City and County of :
any franchise for the supply of lierht
or water, or for the leas<- < r sale of any
public utility, or for the purchase of land
of more than fifty thousand dollars in
value must be suhmitted to the v< ..e
nf the elect — * of th City and County
at the election next ensuing after the
adoption of ruch oruinance.
The tickets used at such election
shall contain the words "FOR THE
ORDINANCE" (statinc: t c nature of
the proposed ordi nee) and
"AOAINST TKi3 ORDINANCE" (stat
ing the nature o the proposed ordi
nance).
If a majority of the votes cast upon
such ordinance shall hp In favor of the
adoption thereof, the Board nf Ei P j on
Commissioners shall, within thlr'-r
days fro;vt V time of such Section,
proclaim such fact: and upon such
I roclamation such ordinance shall have
th? same force and effect as an ordi
nance passed by the Supervisors and
approved by the Mayor.
No such franchise, or lease or sale
of any public utility or purchase of
land shall be oi any force or effect ex
cept It be mad" by ordinance, and such
ordinance be adopted by the people as
in this section provided.
Sec. 22. Whenever there shall be
presented to the Supervisors a petition
sign d by . number of voters equal
f fteen per centum of the votes cas 1 at
the last preceding State «»• municipal
election, asking that an amendment or
amendmeuio t this Charter, to be set
out in such petition, be submitted to
th« people, the Board must submit to
the vote of the electors of the City and
County the proposed amendment or
amendments.
The signatures to the petition need
not all be appended to one paper. Each
signer shall add to his signature his
place of residence, giving the street
and number. One of the signers of :
each such paper shall make oath be- ■
fore an oi r-er competent to administer |
oaths that the statemer.ts made therein
are true and that each signature to j
such paper appenue 1 Is the gen"' ne !
signature of + he Derson whose name
purports to be there'.o subscribed.
The Boprd of Election Commissioners
must make al. necessary provision for ;
submitting the proposed amendment or i
amendments to the electors at a spe- j
cial election to be called by it, and shall i
canvass the vote in the same manner i
as in other cp.s s of election.
All the provisions of the Constitution i
of the State embracing the subject in I
this ppction provided for are hereby ex- I
pressly made applicable to such pro- j
posed amendment or amendments. But
| if at any time there shall be no consti- >
| tutinnal provision or provisions under ]
I which this Charter may be amended, j
then the aforesaid amendment or i
amendments must be submitted by the j
Board nf Election Commissioners tc *he j
vote of the electors of the City and j
County at the election which next en
sues after such petition is filed with the
Supervisors, if any such election is not
to be held within sixty days after the
filing of such petition.
The tickets used at such election
shall contain the words "FOR THE
AMENDMENT" (stating the nature
of the proposed amendment) and
"AGAINST THE AMENDMENT"
(stating the nature of the proposed
amendment).
If a majority of the votes cast upon
such amendment or amendments shall
be in favor of the adoption ■thereof,
the Board of Election Commissioners
shall, within thirty days from the time
of such election, proclaim such fact,
and thereupon this Charter shall be
amended accor " igly.
CHAPTEB 11.
Powers of the Supervisors.
SECTION 1. Subject to the pro
visions, limitations and restrictions in
this Charter c'-tained. the Board of
Supervisors shall have power:
1. To ordain, make and enforce
within the limits of the City and
County all nee spary local, police, sani
tary and othe;- laws an 1 regulations.
2. Except as otherwise provided in
this Charter, or in the Constitution of
the State of :..lifornia, to regulate and
control for any and every purpose, the
use of the streets, highways, public |
thoroughfares, public places, alleys,
and sidewalks of the City and " unty.
3. To permit the laying down of rail
road tracks and running cars thereon,
along any street or portion of a street,
for the sole purpose of excavating and
filling in a street or portion of a street
or the adjoining land, for such limited
time as may be necessary for such
purpose and no longer. Such tracks
must be laid level with the street and
must be operated under such restric
tions as not to interfere with the use of
such streets by the public.
4. To empower street railway com
panies, under such conditions as the
Board may see fit t impose, to convey
street sweepings and offal to the public
parks.
5. To fix the limits within which
wooden bui'. "igs or structures nhall
not be erected, placed or maintained,
and to prohibit the same ~vithin such i
limits. Such limits when once estab
lished shall not be hanged except by
extension.
6. To provide fo. the abatement rr
summary removal of any nuisance and
to condemn and to prevent the occu
pancy of unsafe structures.
" To regulate the use of hackneycar
riages and public passenger vehicles,
and to fix the rates to be charged for
the transportation of persons or per
sonal baggage.
8. To provide a public pound and to
make all necer ry rules and regula
tions in the matter of animals running
at large, and for the custody and de
struction of the same.
9. To provide and maintain a
morgue.
10. To provide places for the deten
tion of witnesses and person-: charged
with Insanity, separate and rpart from
' places where criminals or persons ac
i cused of public offenses are imprisoned.
11. To establish, maintain rid regu
i late, and change, discontinue and
i re-establish City and County jails,
prisons and houses of detention, pun
ishment, confinement and reformation,
hospitals and almshouses.
12. To purchase or acquire by con-
demnation such property as may be
needed for public use.
13. Except as otherwise provided in
this Charter, to regulate and control
the location and quality of all appli- '
ances necessary to the furnishing f ■
water, heat, light, power, telephonic j
and telegraphic service to the City and
County, and to acquire, regulate and j
control any and all appliances for the j
sprinkling and cleaning of the streets ;
of the City and County, and for flush-
Ing the sewers therein.
14. To fix and determine by ordin- !
ance in the month of February of each |
year, to take effect on the first day of j
July thereafter, the rates or compensa
tlon to be collected by any person, com
pany or corporation in the City and ;
County, for the use rf v ater, heat.
light or power, supplied to the City and !
County, or t"> the inhabitants thereof, j
and to prescribe the quality of the ser- j
vice.
15. To impose license taxes and to
provide for the collection thereof; but !
no license taxes shall be Imposed upon
any person who, at any fixed place of
business in the City and County, sells
or manufactures goods, wares or mer
chandise, except such as require per
mits from the Board of Police Com
missioners as provided in this C
16. To prescribe fines, forfeitures and
penalties for the breach of any ordin
ance; but no penalty shall exceed the :
amount of five hundred dollars or six
months' imprisonment, or bdth.
17. To fix the fees and charges for
all official services not otherwise pro
vided for in this Charter.
18. To allow not to exceed two thou
sand five hundred dollars in any year
for the celebration of the anniversary
of our National Independence, and not
to exceed five hundred dollars in any
year for the observance of Memorial
Day.
19 To appropriate such sums as may
be paid into the treasury from fines col
lected on conviction of persons charged
with cruelty to animals, and to author
ize the payment of the same or some
part t nereof io any society that shall
efficiently aid in such convictions.
*>0 To provide for the payment of
compensation to the Interpreters ap
pointed by the Judges of the Superior
Cjurt to interpret testimony in crim
inal cases in said Court or the Police
Court, or upon inquests and examina
• tions. Such compensation shall not ex
! ceed one hundred dollars a month for
i each Interpreter.
21. To offer rewards njt exceeding
one thousand dollars in any one in
stance for the apprehension and convic
tion of any person who may have oom
! mitted a felony in the City and County,
and to authorize the payment thereof.
22. To provide In the annual tax
levy for a special fund to be used in the
' construction of a general system of
; drainage and rewerage.
23. To provide a Seal for the City
: and County, and Seals for the several
! departments, boards and officers there
i of. and a Peal for the Police Court.
24. To fix the hours of labor or serv
' ice required of all laborers in the serv
< ice of the City and County, and to fix
their compensation; provided that eight
hours shall be the maximum hours of
labor in any calendar day, and that tL
minimum wages of laborers shall be
two dollars a day.
25. To set apart as a boulevard or
boulevards any street or streets, or por
tions of a street or streets, over which
there is no existing franchise for any
Street railroad.
26. To construct or permit the con
struction of tunnels, under such rules
and regulations as the Board may pre
scribe
27. To regulate street railroads,
tracks and cars; to compel the owners
Of two or more of such roads using the |
same street for any distance not ex- i
ceeding ten blocks to use the same ;
tracks and to equitably divide the cost ;
of construction and expense of main- .
tenance thereof between the owners; to j
fix, establish and reduce the fares and
charges for transporting passengers
and goods thereon: to regulate rates of
speed, and to pass ordinances to pro
tect the public from danger or incon
venience in the operation of such roads.
28. To allow any transcontinental or i
other railroad company having not less !
than fifty miles of road actually con- ,
structed id in operation to enter the
City and County with its road and run
Its cars to the water front at the most
suitable point for public convenience, i
No exclusive right shall be granted to
any railroad company; and the use of
all such rights shall at all times be sub
ject to regulation by the Supervisors.
Every ordinance granting such right
shall be upon the conditions that said
company shall pave and keep In repair ■■
the street from curb to curb in such a
manner and with such material as may
from time to time be prescribed by the
Supervisors, and that such company
shall allow any other railroad company
to use in common with it the same
track or tracks, each paying an equal
portion for the construction and repair
of the tracks and appurtenances used
by such railways jointly.
29. -jfo convey lands in accordance
with the provisions of the Act of the
Legislature of the State of California,
entitled "An Act to expedite the settle
ment of land titles In the City and
County of San Francisco, and to ratify
and confirm the acts and proceedings of
certain of the authorities thereof," ap
proved March 14, 1870.
30. To provide for the execution of
all trusts connctea to tne tjuy auu
rounty.
31. To transfer from one department
>f the City Government vacant and un
jsed lots of land to another depart
ment.
32. To provide for the lease of any
lands now or hereafter owned by the \
ZMty and County, but all leases shall be {
made at public auction to the highest
responsible bidder at the highest
monthly rent, after publication of no- i
tice thereof for at least three weeks. No
lease shall be authorized except by or
linance passed by the affirmative vote i
nf two-thirds of" the members of the;
Board, and approved-by the Mayor, and
no lease shall be made for a longer pe
riod than twenty years.
33. To provide for the sale at public
auction, after advertising for five days, [
of personal property unfit or unneces
sary for the use of the City and County.
34. To provide for the purchase of
property levied upon or under execu
tion in favor of the City and County;
but the amount bid on such purchase
shall not exceed the amount of judg
ment and costs.
35. The Supervisors mus appropriate
annually to the Mayor thirty-six hun
fired dollars as and for a contingent
fund, for which he need furnish no
voucher:
Sec. 2. The Supervisors shall consti
tute the Board of Equalization of the
City and County. The Clerk of the Su
pervisors shall be Clerk of the Board of
Equalization by virtue of his office.
Sec. 3. The Board of Supervisors
BhaH appoint from its members a com- j
mittee consisting of three to be denom
taated Finance Committee, and shall
fill all vacancies in the Committee. :
The Committee shall investigate the
transactions and accounts of all officers
having the collection, custody or dis
buraement of public money, or having
the power to approve, allow, or audit j
demands on the treasury; shall have'
free access to any records, books and
papers in all public offices; shall have
power to administer oaths and affirma
tions, and to examine witnesses, and
compel their attendance before them by
subpena. The Committee may at any
time visit any of the public offices and
make its examinations and Investiga
tions therein without hindrance.
The Committee must, at least once in
every six months, examine the official
bonds of all City and County officers,
and investigate the sufficiency and sol
vency of the sureties thereon, and re
port in writing the facts to the Mayor.
Such report shall specify each bond
with the sureties, and the amounts for
which each surety is bound, and state
whether or not they are sufficient and
solvent. Upon such report the Mayor
shall take such action as shall be nec
essary to protect the City and County,
and may require new bonds when nec
essary, and he may suspend any officer
till a sufficient bond is filed and ap-
proved.
Sec 4. The Finance Committee shall
have power, and it shall be its duty, to
examine the records and examine and
expert the books of account of all per
sons, companies or corporations that
are required to pay a portion of their
gross receipts into the treasury; and
shall likewise, as an aid to the fixing
of rates for furnishing water and light
to the City and County and to the in
habitants thereof, have like power, and !
it shall be its duty, to examine the
rpcords and examine and expert the
books of account of any and all per- j
sons, companies or corporations so
furnishing water or light.
In the exercise of its functions, the
concurrence of two members of the
Committee shall be deemed sufficient, j
The Committee shall keep a record of
its proceedings with the names of the i
witnesses examined and a substantial j
statement of the evidence taken. If,
from the examination made by the
Committee, it shall appear that a mis
demeanor in office, or a defalcation. ,
has been committed by an officer, the
Committee shall immediately report to
the Mayor, who, if he approve the re- j
port shall take such proceedings
against such officer as are authorized
by law, and may suspend him pending
such proceedings. Any Police Officer
shall execute the process and orders of
the Committee.
Sec 5. No exclusive franchise or
I privilege shall be granted for laying
i pipes, wires or conduits.
Sec. 6. The Board of Supervisors
' shall have power to grant authority
for a term not exceeding twenty-five
years to construct and operate street
railways upon, or over, or under, the
streets or parts of streets of the City
and County not reserved for boulevards
or carriage driveways, upon the follow
: ing conditions and in the following
manner and none other:
Upon application being made to the
Board for any such franchise, it shall
by resolution determine whether such
franchise or any part thereof should
be granted, and at said time shall de
termine on what Conditions the same
shall be granted additional to those
conditions provided in this Chapter.
After such determination, it shall
cause notice of such application and
resolution to be advertised in the offi
cial newspaper of the City and Coun
ty lor ten consecutive days. Such ad
vertisement must be completed not less
than twenty nor more than thirty days
before any further action is taken by
the Board on such application. The ad- i
vertisement must state the character ;
of the franchise souerht. the term of ,
its proposed continuance, and the
route to be traversed: that sealed bids
will be received up to a certain hour
on a day to be named in theadvertise
ment: and a further statement that
no bids will be received of a stated
amount, but that all bids must be for
the payment to the City and County
in lawful money of the United States
of a stated percentage of the gross
annual receipts of the person, com
pany or corporation to whom the fran
chise may be awarded, arising from its
use, operation, enjoyment or posses
sion.
Every bidder shall file with his bid a |
bond executed to the City and County,
with at least two good and sufficient
sureties to be approved by the Mayor
in a penal sum prescribed by the Su
pervisors, and set forth in such ad
vertisement, conditioned that such bid
der will well and truly observe, fulfill
and perform each and all of the condi- ;
tions, terms and obligations of the
franchise for which said application
waa made in case the same shall be
awarded to him, and that in case of
the breach of any of the conditions of
such bond, the whole amount of the
penal sum therein named shall be taken
to be liquidated damages, and that as
such shall be recoverable from the
principal and sureties on such bond.
At the next regular session after the
expiration of the time stated in such
advertisement up to which such bids
will be received, the Board must open
such bids and award the franchise to
the person, company or corporation of
fering to pay the highest stated per
centage of the gross receipts arising
from the use, operation, possession or
enjoyment of the franchise for which
such application was made. But no
award shall be made, nor any such ap
plication granted, unless the stated
percentage offered to be paid for the
franchise shall be at least three per
centum of such gross receipts during
the first five years of the period for
which the franchise is to be granted,
four per centum of the gross receipts
during the next succeeding ten years,
and five per centum of the gross re
ceipts during the next succeeding ten
years.
Except as in this section otherwise
! provided, bidding for such franchises
must be in accordance wilh the provis
ions of this Charter in relation to bids
: made to the Board of Pvblic Works, so
: far as such provisions may be applica
ble. The Supervisors r.iay reject any
; and all bida, and may refuse to grant a
| franchise for any part of the route for
, which application was made. cry
, ordinance making such grant shall re
| quire the concurrenceof three-fourthsof
' all the members of the Board of Super
i visors, as shown by the ayes and noes,
i and the approval of the May
or, and at least ninety days shall in
tervene between the introduction and
i final passage of any such ordinance. It
j shall require a vote of five-sixths of all
the Supervisors to pass the ordinance
notwithstanding the objections of the
Mayor.
If any bid be accepted, the franchise
must be granted upon the express con
dition, in addition to the conditions re
quired by this Charter, and such other
conditions as may be prescribed by the
Supervisors, that the per centum of the
gross receipts of the railway shall be
paid into the treasury on or before the
tenth day of the next ensuing month
after such gross receipts shall have
been earned; and upon the further con
dition that the whole of the railway
shall be continuously operated, and
that at the end of the term the road
track and bed of such railway and all
its stationary fixtures upon the public
streets, shall become the property of
the City and County; and that the
grantees will, within one hundred days
after the date of such gTant, commence
the construction of such railway, and
continuously thereafter, in each and ev
ery month until the completion thereof,
expend in such construction at least
the sum of three thousand dollars.
The failure to comply with any of
said conditions shall work an immedi
ate forfeiture of such franchise and the
road or track constructed thereunder.
There shall be no power in the Super
visors to relieve from such forfeiture
or from any of said conditions. On or
before the tenth day of each month af
ter said receipts shall have been earned,
the President and Secretary of said
railway company shall make and file
with the Clerk of the Board of Super
visors a sworn statement of the gross
receipts of such railway for the pre
ceding month.
In granting any such franchise the
Board of Supervisors shall impose such
other lawful conditions as it may deem
• advisable, and must expressly provide
| that the franchise shall not be renewed
I or regranted, and that .the Board shall
! at all times have the power to regulate
' the rates of fare to be charged by those
! using, operating, possessing or enjoy
: ing the franchise, and that the Finance
Committee of the Board shall at all
i times be permitted to examine and ex
; pert their books as to such gross re
1 ceipts. All moneys received for such
I franchises and in payment of the said
i per centum shall be credited to the
! General Fund.
Sec. 7. The Supervisors shall have no
power to grant franchises or privileges
] to erect poles or wires for transmitting
; electric power or for lighting purposes
! along or upon any public street or high
! way of the City and County except up
: on all the conditions and in the manner,
including competitive bidding and pay-
I ment of a percentage of gross receipts,
j hereinbefore set out, and upon the fur-
I ther condition that the Board shall at
' all times have the right to regulate the
! charges of any person, company or cor
| poration using, enjoying or possessing
! such franchise or privilege.
w ucii, uu me cApiiauuu vi any street
railroad franchise, it shall be deemed
inexpedient by the Board to use any of
the property reverting to it by reason
of such expiration in the operation of
a street railroad, then the Board shall
have power to lease such property to !
any person, company or corporation af
ter the notice, on the terms, and in the
manner above provided as to the grant
ing of street railroad franchises, as far
as the same may be applicable. But no
ordinance authorizing such lease shall
be passed prior to ninety days next pre
ceding the expiration of such franchise.
Any ordinance granting a franchise
or authorizing a lease under the provis
ions of this section shall be in force
from and after the expiration of thirty
days from the date of its signature by
the Mayor, or from and after the expi
ration of thirty days from the date of
its passage by the Supervisors over his
objections, unless within said thirty
days a petition signed by a number of
the electors of . the City and County
equal to fifteen per centum of the votes
cast at the last preceding election shall
have been filed . with the Supervisors,
asking that said ordinance be submit
ted to the vote of the people. In such
case said ordinance shall be submitted
at the next election to the vote of the
electors of the City and County, and
unless said ordinance shall at said elec
i tion receive in its favor a majority of
i the votes cast thereon it shall have no
force or effect for any purpose. : If a
majority of the votes be in favor of
'. such ordinance, the Board of Election
Commissioners shall, on the conclusion
of the canvass of the vote thereon,
; proclaim such fact, and upon such
proclamation said ordinance shall have
full force and . effect as of the date
aforesaid. Said petition and submission
shall, be made in accordance with the
i provisions of section twenty of Chapter
; I of this Article. •
::\: :\ Sec. 8. All claims for damages
i against the City and County must be
\ presented to the Board of Supervisors
! and filed with the Clerk within six
! months after the • occurrence from
: which the damages are claimed to have
arisen; otherwise there shall be no re
covery on any such claim. .
CHAPTER 111.
Contracts.
SECTION 1. All contracts for goods, !
merchandise, stores, supplies, subsist- j
ence or printing for the City and Coun- |
ty, as well as for all subsistence sup- j
plies, drugs, and other necessary arti- \
cles for hospitals, prisons, public insti
tutions and other departments not oth- i
erwise specifically provided for in this
Charter, must be made bytheSupervis- j
ors with the lowest bidder offering ad- !
equate security, after publication for \
not less than ten days in the official \
newspaper; and no purchase thereof or i
liability therefor shall be made or ere- |
ated except by contract.
Except as otherwise provided in this !
Charter, the Board must determine
annually what goods, merchandise,
stores, supplies, drugs, subsistence and
oiher necessary articles will be needed
by the City and County for the ensuing {
year, and it shall have no power to
purchase or to pay for the same unless
the provisions in this Charter provided
as to competitive bidding for supplies
are strictly followed, and no contract
shall be made for any of the same un
less upon such competitive bidding.
All proposals shall be accompanied
with a certificate of deposit or certified
check on a solvent bank in the City
and County of ten per centum on the
amount of the bid, payable at sight to
the order of the Clerk of the Supervis
ors. If the bidder to whom the con
tract is awarded shall for five days af
i ter such award fail or neglect to enter
into the contract and file the required
bond, the Clerk shall draw the money
due on such certificate of deposit or
check and pay the same into the treas
, ury; and under no circumstnnces shall
the certificate of deposit or check or
the proceeds thereof be returned to
such defaulting bidder.
Notices for proposals for furnishing
the aforesaid articles shall mention
said articles in general and shall state
that the conditions and schedule may
' be found in the office of the Clerk of
the Board of Supervisors; and shall
also state that such articles are to be
delivered at such times, in such quan
tities, and in such manner, as the Su
pervisors may designate. Any bidder
may bid separately for any articla
i named. The award as to each article
j shall in all cases be made to the lowest
bidder for such article, and where a bid
: embraces more than one article, the
Supervisors shall have the right to ac
cept or reject such bid or the bid for
any one or more articles embraced
therein. In the case of contracts for
subsistence of prisoners the advertise
ment fcr proposals shall specify each
article required, the quality thereof,
the quantity for each person, and tns
existing and probable number of per
sons to be supplied. No article or ar
' tides provided for in this section shall
I have been made in any prison. The
j Supervisors shall require bonds with
sufficient sureties for the faithful per
i formance of every contract. The Cleric
of the Supervisors shall furnish print
i ed blanks for all such proposals, con
! tracts and bonds.
All bids shall be sealed and delivered
• by the bidder to the Clerk of the Su-
pervisors, and opened by the Board ai
an hour and place to be stated in the
advertisement for proposals, in tne
presence of all bidders who attend, an«
the bidders may inspect the bids. All
bids with alterations or erasures
therein shall be rejected. All articles
so supplied shall be subject to inspecc
tion and rejection by the Supervisors
and by the person in char— of the of
fice institution or department tor
which the same are supplied. Every
contract for work to be performed for
the City and County must provide that
in the performs me of the contract
eight hours shall be the maximum
hours of labor on any calendar day.
and that the minimum wages of labor
ers employed by the contractor in ths
execution of his contract shall be two
dollars a day. Any contract for work
to be performed for the City and Coun
ty which does not comply with the pro
visions of this section shall be null and
void, and any officer who shall sign ths
same shall be deemed guilty of m sfea
! sance and upon proof of such misfea
| sance shall be removed from office.
Sec. 2. All contracts for official ad
' vertising shall be let annually in liks
| manner by the Supervisors to the low
est responsible bidder publishing a
daily newspaper in the City and Coun
ty which has a bona fide daily circula
tion of at least eight thousand copies,
and has been in existence ftt the time
of letting such contract for at least
two years. In inviting proposals there
for such advertising shall not be clas
sified and no proposal shall be acted
upon which offers to do such advertis
ing at different rates for different por-
advertising shall be construed
to meaji the advertising and publica
tion of all official reports, orders, ordi
nances, messages, resolutions, notices
■ Inviting proposals and all notices of.
every nature relating to City work. No
part or kind of such advertising shall
be charged or contracted for at f. blgn
er rate than any other part or kind ot
the same is charged or contracted for.
except in the case of the delinquent tax
list
Vhe newspaper to which the award
of such advertising is made shall be
known and § designated as the official
ne The a advertising of the delinquent
■ tax list shall be let to the lowest re
sponsible bidder on a separate bidding
from all other official advertising.
No board, department or officer shall
make any publication which is not ex
pressly authorized by this Charter or
by the Supervisors.
Sec. 3. The Clerk of the Supervisors
shall annually, under the direction of
the Supervisors, advertise for pro
posals for supplying the various
departments, officers and offices of the
City and County with all stationery
: and supplies in the nature of station
; cry assessment books, minute books.
blank books ana tne printing vi vi*u»j*.
The contracts for ionery shall be
separate from tho«e for printing.
Notice for proposals for supplies shall
require a greater or less quantity to
be delivered at such times and in such
manner as the Supervisors may desig
nate The advertisement for bids for
paper shall state the weight, quality,
and size of the various kinds required,
and that for printing shall enumerate
the various letter heads, tax bills, tax
receipts, court notices, and all blanks,
papers and documents now used or
hereafter required in any and all de
partments of the City and County, in
cluding the forms, papers and blanks
now used or hereafter required by the
courts of the City and County.
The forms for all printing shall be
consecutively numbered, and each form
and blank shall be known as No. ■
(specifying the number). Such adver
tisement shall be published for at least
ten days, and shall require the bidders
to state the price at which each arti
cle will be furnished, printed or manu
factured, as the same may be required
from time to time during such period,
and the amount cf the bond that will be
required as security for the perform
ance of the contract.
No stationery furnished to any offi
cer or department shall contain the
name or names of the officer or offl
. cers constituting the head of the de
partment or board. The contract or
contracts must be made with the low
est bidder offering adequate security,
quantity and quality being considered.
The Clerk of the Supervisors shall have
rooms in the City Hall for the custody
of such stationery, and when purchased
the same shall be delivered to him. and
he shall issue and distribute the same
to the various departments as re
quired.
He shall keep accounts in detail,
i charging himsel" with all goods re
, ceived. and crediting himself with the
goods delivered upon order or requisi
tion as hereinafter provided. "When
• any of such supplies are required, for
; any department, the Clerk of the Su
pervisors shall issu^ the same after the
requisition for such articles has been
made by the head of such department
and approved oy the Mayor.
All requisitions for printing shall be
made in a similar manner. The Clerk
shall report monthly in writing to the
Supervisors in detail, the amount of
all paper, blanks, hooks, stationery and
printing ordered by and ('elivered to
any department or officer.
Sec. 4. Any officer of the City and
County, or of any department thereof,
who shall aid or assist a bidder in se
curing a contract to furnish labor, ma
terial or supplies, at a hieher price or
rate than that proposed by any other
bidder, or «c" ' shall favor ->ne bidder
over another, by giving or withholding
information, or who shall willfully mis
lead any bidder In regard to the char
acter of the material or supplies called
for, or who shall knowingly accept ma
terials or supplier of a quality inferior
to that called for by the contract, or
who shall knowi.igly certify to B great
er amount of labor performed than has
been actually performed, or to the re
ceiDt of a greater amo.:nt or differed*
37kinds of material or supplies than has
been actually received, shall be deemed
guilty of misfeasance and shall be re
moved from office.
Sec. 5. All contracts provided for In
this Chapter must be in writing and
executed in the name of the City and
County by the Mayor. All such con
tracts must be countersigned by the
Clerk of the Supervisors, and register
ed by number and date in a book kepi
by him for that purpose. When a con
tractor fails to enter into the contract
awarded to him or to perform the same,
new bids must be invited, ar.d a con
tract awarded as provided herein in
the first instance. When the Supervis
ors believe that the prices bid are too
high, or that bidders have combined to
prevent competition, or that the public
interest will be subserved thereby, they
may reject any and all bids and eauso
the notice for proposals to be readver
tised.
See. 6. No contract for lighting
streets, public buildings, places or of
fices, shall be made for a longer period
than one year, nor shall any contract
to ray for gns, electric liprht or any il
luminating material at a higher rate
than the minimum price charged to any
other consumer, be valid. Demands
for lighting public builoings shall be
presented monthly to the board or de
partment using or having charge
thereof, and shall specify the amount
of gas, electric light or Illuminating
material consumed in such building
during the month.
ABTICLE IH.
FINANCE AND TAXATION.
CHAPTER L
Levying of Taxes.
SECTION 1. On or before the first
Monday of April in each year the heads
of departments, offices, boards and
commissions of the City and County
shall send to the Supervisors an esti
mate in writing of the amount of ex
penditure, specifying in detail the ob
jects thereof, required in their respec
tive departments, offices, boards and
commissions, including a statement of
the salaries of their subordinates. Du
plicates of these estimates shall be
Bent at the same time to the Auditor.
Sec. 2. On or b fore the first Monday
of May in each year the Auditor shall
transmit to the Supervisors an estimate
of the probable expenditures of the
City and County government for the
next ensuing fiscal year, stating the
amount required to meet the Interest
nnd sinking funds for all outstanding
funded debts, and the wants of all the
departments of the municipal govern
ment In detail, and showing specifically
the amount necessary to be apportion
ed to each fund in the treasury; also
an estimate of the amount of Income
from fines, licenses and other sources
of revenue, exclusive of taxes upon
proJer^.^nd^h^probaHo'rmount^
property, and the probable amount re
quired to be levied and raised by taxa
tion.
See. 3. The Supervisors shall meet
annually between the first Monday of
May and the first Monday of June, and
by a vote of a majority of all the mem
bers thereof make a budget of the
amounts estimated to be required to
■ny the expenses of conducting the
public business of the Cit- find County
for the next ensuing fiscal year. The
budget shall be prepared In such de
tail as to the asrprocate sum and the
items thereof allowed to each depart
ment, office, board or commission, as
the Supervisors shall deem advisable.
Before finally determining upon the
budget, the Supervisors shall fix such
sufficient 'ime or times as may be
necessary to allow the taxpayers to be
heard in regard thereto, and the Super
visors shall attend at the time or times
so appointed for such hearing.
Sec. 4. Any item in said budget may,
within ten days, be vetoed In whole or
In part by the Mayor, and it shall re
quire fifteen votes of tho Supervisors
to overcome such veto. Action thereon
mupt be taken before the last Monday
of June.
After the final estimate Is made In
accordance herewith, tt shall be signed
by the Mayor and the v^lerk of the Su
pervisors, and t! 1 several sums shall
then be appropriated for the ensuing
fiscal year to the several purposes and
departments therein name 1 . The esti
mate shall be filed in the office of the
Auditor.
Sec. 5. The Supervisors must cause
to be raised annually according to law,
and collected by tax. the amounts so
appropriated, less ' the amounts re
ceived from fines, licenses and other
sources of revenue.
Sec. 6. Except as otherwise pro
vided In this Charter, no money shall
be drawn from the treasury unless in
consequence of appropriations made
by the Supervisors and upon warrants
duly drawn thereon by the Auditor.
Sec. 7. No warrant shall be drawn
except upon an unexhausted specific
appropriation.
Sec. 8. The Super-'sors may appro
priate thirty-Fix thousand dollars a
year for urgent necessities not other
wise provided for b~ law. No money
shall be paid out of this appropriation
unless authorized by a five-sixths vote
of all the members of the Board of
Supervisors and approved by the
Mayor.
Sec. 9. It shall not be lawful for the
Supervisors, or for any board, depart
ment, officer or authority having power
to Incur, authorize or contract liabili
ties against the treasury, to incur, au
thorize, allow, contract for, pay or ren
der payable in the present or future, In
any one month, any expenditure, de
mand or demands, against any appro
priation, which, taken with all other
expenditures, indebtedness or liability
made or incurred up to the time in
fuch month of making or incurring th«
name, shall exceed one-twelfth part of
the amount of the appropriation for
the fiscal year.
"When any board, department or offi
cer having nower to incur liabilities
against the treasury shall make any
Bgreement for obtaining supplies or
having labor performed, such depart
ment, officer or board shall register
such agreement by number and date,
and nil demands arising under such
. pcreoment shall be payable In the or
der of such registration. Such depart
ment, board or officer must inform the
person with whom it is proposed to
make such n~reement of the amount of
money available or likely tr> *><* avail
able In the fund from which such de
mands are payable.
. If, at the beginning of any month,
a money remains unexpended In any
appropriation which might lawfully
have been expended during the pre
ceding month, r.uch unexpended sum
or sums, except so much thereof as may
be required to pay all unpaid claims
upon s\ich appropriation, may be car
ried forward and expended In any suc
ceeding month of such fiscal year: but
not afterward, except. In payment of
claims lawfully Incurred during such
fiscal year. Appropriations provided
to meet the expense of elections; for
the support and maintenance of the
Assessor's and Tax Collector's depart
ments: and for urgent necessities,
shall be exempt from the provisions of
this section.
Sec. 10. No contracts made, the ex
pense of whose execution Is not pro
vided by law or ordinance to he paid
by assessments upon the property ben
efited, shall be binding or of any force,
unless the Auditor shall Indorse there
on his certificate that there remains
unexpended and unapplied as herein
provided, a balance of the appropria
tion or fund applicable thereto, suffi
cient to pa. the estimated expense of
executing such contract, as certified by
the board or officer making the same.
This provision shall not apply to work
done, or supplies furnished. -Involving
the expenditure <"><" Ip^h tV"v t--^ " •»»»«».
dred and fifty dollars, unless the same
Is required by law to be done by con
tract at public letting. The Aud
itor shall make such indorse
ment upon every such contract so
presented to him, If there remains un
applied and \ unexpended such amount
bo specified by the officer making the
contract, and thereafter shall hold and
retain such sum to pay the expense in
curred until the contract shall be fully
performed. The Auditor shall furnish
weekly to the head of each department
a statement of the unexpended bal
ances of the appropriation for his de
partment.
Sec. 11. On or before the last Mon
day of June in each year the Super
visors shall levy the amount of taxes
for City and County purposes required
to be levied upon all property not ex
empt from taxation. The amount shall
be sufficient to provide for the payment
during the fiscal year of all demands
upon the treasury authorized to be paid
out of the same; but such levy, exclu
sive of the State tax and the tax to pay
the interest and maintain the sinking
funds of the bonded indebtedness of the
City and County, and exclusive of the
tax to pay for the maintenance and
improvement of the parks, squares and
public grounds of the City and County,
shall not exceed the rate of one dollar
on each cne hundred dollars' valuation
of the property assessed. The Super
visors In making the levy shall appor
tion the taxes to the several funds.
Sec. 12. In making the apportion
ment, the Supervisors shall take into
account and apportion to the several
funds the income and revenue esti
mated to arise during the fiscal year
from licenses, fees and other sources;
but the income to pay the interest on
the bonded indebtedness and provide
for the sinking funds shall always be
provided for out of the tax on property.
See. 13. The limitation In section
eleven of this Chapter upon the rate of
taxation shall not apply in case of any
great necessity or emergency. In such
case the limitation may be temporarily
suspended so as to enable the Super
visors to provide for such necessity or
emergency. No increase shall be made
in the rate of taxation authorized to be
levied in any fiscal year, unless such in
crease be authorized by ordinance
passed by the unanimous vote of the
Supervisors and approved by the
Mayor. The character of such neces
sity or emergency shall be recited in
the ordinance authorizing such action,
and be entered In the Journal of the
Board.
Nothing in this section shall author
ize the Incurring of liabilities against
the treasury not allowed by law, or
which cannot be paid out of the income
and revenue provided, collected and paid
into the proper fund as its proportion
of the same for such fiscal year, or per
mit liabilities or indebtedness incurred
in any one fiscal year to be a charge
upon or paid out of the income or reve
nue of any other fiscal year.
Sec. 14. The Supervisors shall fix the
amount of municipal revenues and pro
vide for the collection thereof. They
shall from time to time provide for the
payment of the interest and principal
of the bonds for which the City and
County is liable.
Sec. 15. The Supervisors shall au
thorize the disbursement of all public
moneys, except as otherwise specifically
provided in this Charter.
Sec. 16. At the close of each fiscal
year, if all demands against each fund
have been paid or satisfied, and all dis
puted or contested demands finally ad
judicated, the Supervisors shall direct
the Treasurer to transfer all surplus
moneys to a fund to be called the
Surplus Fund, except such surplus
moneys as are In the several interest
and sinking funds, In the Common
School Fund, in the Park Fund, the Li
brary Fund, the Police Relief and Pen- i
sicn Fund, In the Firemen's Relief and
Pension Fund, and in such other funds
the disposition of whose surplus moneys
is in this Charter otherwise provided
for. -
CHAPTEB XL
The Several Funds.
SECTION 1. The Income and revenue
paid into the treasury shall be at once
apportioned to and kept In separate
funds. It shall not be lawful to trans
fer money from one fund to another or
to use the same in payment of de
mands upon another fund. The provi
sions of this section shall not apply to
fees paid into the treasury and placed
temporarily to the credit of the Unap
portioned Fee Fund under the provi
sions of Chapter 111 of this Article.
Sec. 2. The several funds in the
treasury authorized by law at the time
this Charter tnkes effect, or provided
for by this Charter, shall continue
therein po long as there shall be occa
sion therefor; and the moneys therein,
or whi^h may belong thereto, shall not
be used for any purpose other than that
for which the same were raised except
as otherwise provided In this Charter.
The General Fund shall consist of
moneys received into the treasury and
not specially appropriated to any other
fund.
The Park Fund shall consist of the
moneys annually apportioned to said
Fund by virtue of the tax provided for
in this Charter for the maintenance,
preservation and improvement of the
parks, squares, avenues and public
grounds of the City and County; of all
moneys accruing from rents of build
ings under the jurisdiction of the Park
c'oinrnissioi.ers; and of all moneys com
ing into the hands of said Commission
ers whether from donations or other
wise. Out of said Fund shall be paid
all the expenses of every kind for the
preservation, maintenance and im
provement of the parks, squares, ave
nues and public grounds of the City
and County.
The Library Fund shall consist of the
moneys annually apportioned to said
Fund by virtue of the tax provided for
in this Charter for the maintenance of
Library and Heading Rooms, and the
purchase of books therefor. Out of said
Fund shall be paid all the expenses
necessary to the maintenance of such
Library and Reading Rooms and the
purchase of books therefor.
Sec. 3. The Surplus Fund shall con
sist of the moneys remaining at the end
of any fiscal year In any other funds
(except the Common School Fund and
the other funds by this Charter other
wise expressly provided for) after all
valid demands, indebtedness and lia
bilities against said funds Incurred
within such fiscal year have been paid
and discharged; provided, that all dis
puted or contested claims payable out
of such funds have been finally adjudi
cated.
The Surplus Fund shall be used for
the purposes ; nd in the order follow
ing:
1. In payment of any final Judgment
against the City and County.
2. In liquidation and extinguish
ment, under such regulations as the
Supervisors may adopt, of any out
standing funded debt of the City and
County.
3. To be carried over and appor
tioned among the funds and used in
the ensuing fiscal year as part of the
Income and revenue thereof.
Sec. 4. The Special Deposit Fund
shall consist of:
1. All moneys paid into court and
deposited with the Treasurer by the
County Clerk.
2. All moneys received by the Pub
lic Administrator and deposited by him
with the Treasurer.
3. All mon ~s deposited with the
Treasurer on special deposit.
The moneys in the Special Deposit
Fund shall be paid out in the manner
prescribed by law.
Sec. 5. Except as otherwise provided
in this CJharte- any moneys remaining
at the end of any fiscal year in any in
terest and sinking fund or a fund pro
vided by a special bond issue for a
specific purpose, the Common School
Fund, the Park Fund, the Library
Fund, the Firemen's Relief and Pen
sion Fund. Police Relief and Pension
Fund, and the Public Building Fund
shall be carried forward and appor
tioned to said respective funds for the
ensuing fiscal year.
Sec. 6. Any demand against the
treasury or against any fund thereof
remaining unpaid at the end of the
fiscal year for lack of money applicable
to its payment, may be paid out of any
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
money which may subsequently come
into the proper fund from delinquent
taxes or other uncollected income or
revenue for such year. Such demands
shall be paid out of such de*.~quent
revenue, when collected, in the order
of their registration.
Sec. 7. When there shall be to the
credit of any sinking fund in the treas
ury a sum not less than twenty thou
sand dollars which may be applied to
the redemption of any outstanding
bonds to which such fund »a applicable,
which are not redeemable before their
maturity, it shall be the duty of the
Mayor, Auditor and Treasurer to ad
vertise for thirty days, inviting pro
posals for the purrender and redemp
tion of the bonds.
After such advertisement the money
in such Sinking Fund, or such portion
thereof as may be required therefor,
shall be awarded to the person or per
sons offering to surrender said bonds
for the lowest price. Upon such award,
when duly audited, the Treasurer shall,
upon the surrender of the bonds, pay
the amount to the person or persons to
whom the same was awarded. No bid
for the surrender of any of the bonds
shall be accepted, which shall require a
greater sum of money for their redemp
tion than the then worth of the princi
pal and interest of the bonds, calculat
ed with interest, not exceeding four per
centum per annum.
CHAPTEB 111.
The Custody of Public Moneys.
SECTION 1. All moneys arising from
taxes, licenses, fees, fines, penalties and
forfeitures, and all moneys which may
be collected or received by any officer of
the City and County or any department
thereof, in his official capacity, for the
performance of any official duty, and
all moneys accruing to the City and
County from any source, and all
moneys directed by law or this Char
ter to be paid or deposited In the
treasury, shall be paid into the treas
ury. All officers or persons collecting
or receiving such moneys must pay the
same into the treasury. No officer or
person other than the Treasurer shall
pay out or disburse such moneys, or
any part thereof, upon any allowance,
claim or demand.
Sec. 2. Salaried officers shall not re
ceive nor accept any fee, payment, or
compensation directly or indirectly, for
any services performed by them in
their ofßcia.l capacity, nor any fee, pay
ment, or compensation, for any official
service performed by any of their dep
uties, clerks, or employees, whether
performed during or after official busi
ness hours. No deputy, clerk, or em
ployee of such officers shall receive or
accept any fee, compensation or pay
ment, other than his salary as now or
hereafter fixed by law, for any work or
service performed by him of any offi
cial nature, or under color of office,
whether performed during or after offi
cial business hours.
Sec. 3. Every fee, commission, per
centage, allowance, or other compensa
tion authorized by law to be charged,
received, or collected by any officer for
any official service, must bepaid by the
officer receiving the same to the Treas
urer in the manner herein provided.
Sec. 4. It shall be the duty of every
officer authorized by law to charge, re
ceive or collect any fee, commission,
percentage, allowance, or compensation
for the performance of any official serv
ice or duty of any kind or nature, or
rendered in any official capacity, or by
reason of any official duty or employ
ment, to deliver the same to the Treas
urer at the expiration of each business
day. The Treasurer shall thereupon
deliver to such officer a receipt for the
money so paid, which shall show the
amount of money received, the clay and
hour when paid, the name of the officer
paying the same, the nature of the
service performed, and the name and
official designation of the person by
whom the service "was performed: and
like entries shall be made upon the stub
of such receipt, which shall be kept by
the Treasurer. The Treasurer shall
place all such moneys in a fund to be
designated the "Unapportioned Fee
Fund," which is hereby created, and
shall keep such fund as other funds In
the treasury are kept, and shall be lia
ble on his official bond for all money so
received.
Sec. 5. The Auditor or other proper
officer must prepare and deliver from
time to time to the Treasurer, and to
every officer authorized by law to
charge any fee, commission, percent
age, allowance, or compensation, for
the performance of any official service
or duty, as many official receipts as
may be required, charging therewith
the Treasurer or other officer receiving
them. Such official receipts must be
bound Into books containing not less
than one hundred such receipts, and
numbered consecutively, beginning
with number one In each class required
for each officer for each fiscal year, and
provided with a stub corresponding In
number with rweipt. When the books
containing receipts are exhausted by
the officer receiving them, he shall re
turn the stubs thereof to the Auditor or
other proper officer, In whose custody
they shall remain thereafter.
Sec. (?. "When a receipt ns herein
provided Is issued by the Treasurer he
must state therein the date of pay
ment, the name of the person making
the payment, the amount of such pay
ment, the nature of the service for
which the charge is made, and the
name and official designation of the of
ficer performing the service, and shall
make corresponding entries on the stub
of each receipt.
Sec. 7. When any receipt is Issued by
any officer other than the Treasurer as
herein provided, he shall state therein
the day and hour of the delivery to him
of the Treasurer's receipt, the nature of
the service therein described, and the
amount charged therefor, and the name
of the person by whom such receipt is
delivered to him, and shall make corre
sponding entries on the stub to which
such receipt Is attached.
Sec. 8. On the first day of each
month the Treasurer must make to the
Auditor a report under oath of all nion
pys received by htm during the preced
ing month, showing the date and num
ber of the receipt on which the money
was received, the amount of each pay
mont, by whom paid, the nature of the
service, and the name and official des
ignation of the officer performing the
service. At the same time, or oftener,
if required by the Auditor, the Treas
urer shall exhibit to the Auditor all of
ficial receipts received by him during
the previous month, and all official re
ceipts remaining in his hands, unused
or not issued, at the close of business
on the last day of the preceding month.
Sec. 9. On the first day of each
month every officer authorized by law
to charge any fee, commission, per
centage, allowance or compensation,
must make to the Auditor a report
under oath of all official receipts Issued
by him during the preceding month,
showing the date and number of each
receipt, to whom issued, the nature of
the service for wh^h the charge was
made, and the amount of such charge;
and must at the same time, or oftener.
If required, exhibit to the Auditor, or
other proper officer, all the Treasurer's
receipts deposited with him during the
preceding month, and all receipts re
maining in his hands, unused or not
issued, at the close of business on the
last day of each preceding month.
Sec. 10. Upon receiving the reports
prescribed by sections eight and nine
of this Chapter, the Auditor shall exam
ine and settle the accounts of each offi
cer, and apportion such moneys to the
fund or funds to -which they are appro
priated by law, and certify such appor
tionment to the Treasurer, who shall
thereupon transfer from the "Unappor
tioned Fee Fund" the amounts bo certi
fied, and credit each fund entitled
thereto with the proper amount so ap
portioned.
Sec. 11. Every officer who Is by law
allowed to charge and collect mileage
for the service of process, or other like
Bervice, shall Et the end of each month,
prepare and deliver to the Auditor a
statement showing each process served,
the title of the cause, the name of the
deputy or other subordinate officer who
made the service, the number of miles
actually traveled in making such ser
vice, the exact day when such Bervice
was made, and between what hours of
the day, and such statement shall be
verified by the oath of such officer. The
Auditor shall examine such statement,
and issue his warrant upon the Treas
urer for such amount of money as will
reimburse such officer for his lawful
expenses in making such service. Such
warrant shall be paid by the Treasurer,
without further approval, out of the
"Unapportioned Fee Fund." No extra
mileage shall be charged or allowed for
service of two or more processes served
on the same trip by the same deputy
or deputies, except for extra mileage
actually traveled in serving additional
process. All mileage charged in viola
tion of this section shall be disallowed
by the Auditor, and all amounts disal
lowed for any reason shall be appor
tioned as other moneys in the "Unap
portioned Fee Fund."
Sec. 12. When an officer, legally au
thorized to employ a person other than
one of his deputies or assistants at a
stated compensation fixed by law, has
employed such person, and in pursu
ance of such employment such person
has rendered the service for which he
was employed, such officer shall, at the
end of each month, prepare and deliver
to the Auditor a statement verified by
the oath of such officer, showing the
case or instance in which such service
was performed, for whom performed,
the name of the person so employed, by
whom the service was performed,
the amount of the charge therefor, the
time actually employed In performing
such service, and the dates of the be
ginning and ending of the period during
which such person was so employed.
The Auditor shall thereupon examine
such statement, and if he finds the
same correct, he shall audit and allow
the verified demand of such person so
employed and performing the service
for the sum or sums so earned by him
for such service, and the Treasurer
shall pay such demand so audited and
allowed, without further approval, out
of the "Unapportioned Fee Fund."
Sec. 13. The demand of the Auditor
for his monthly salary shall be audited
and allowed by the Mayor. All other
demands on account of salaries fixed by
law, ordinance, or this Charter, and
made payable out of the treasury, may
be allowed by the Auditor without any
previous approval. All demands pay
able out of the Common School Fund
must, before they can be allowed or
paid, be previously approved by the
Board of Education. Demands pay
able out of the treasury for salaries,
wages, or compensation of deputies,
clerks, assistants, or employees, in any
office or department, must, before they
can be audited or paid, be first ap
proved in writing by the officer, board,
department or authority under whom,
or in which, such demand originated.
All other demands payable out of any
funds In the treasury, must, before they
can be allowed by the Auditor, or rec
ognized, or paid, be first approved by
the department, board or officer, in
which the same has originated, and in
all such cases must be approved by the
Supervisors.
Every demand against the City and
County shall, in addition to the other
entries and indorsements ur^on the
same required by this Charter, show:
1. The ordinance or authorization un
der which the same was allowed. 2.
The name of the board, department or
authority authorizing the same. 3.
The fiscal year within which the in
debtedness was incurred. 4. The ap
propriation provided to meet the de
mand. 5. The name of the specific
fund out of which the demand is pay
able. Each demand shall have written
or printed upon it a statement that the
same can only be paid out of the in
come and revenue provided, collect
ed and paid into the proper spe
cific fund in the treasury for the
fiscal year within which the indebted
ness was incurred, and shall refer to
Chapter II of this Article, and be num
bered with reference to the fund out
of which it is payable.
Sec. 14. Whenever any person has, or
has received, moneys or other personal
property belonging to the City and
County, or has been intrusted with the
collection, management or disburse
ment of any moneys, bonds, or Interest
accruing therefrom, belonging to or
held in trust by the City and County,
and fails to render an account thereof
to, and make settlement with, the
Treasurer within the time prescribed
by law; or. when no particular time is
specified, fails to render such account
and make such settlement, or who fails
to pay into the treasury any moneys
belonging to the City and County upon
being requested to do so by the Audi
tor, within twenty days ;.fter such
requisition, the Auditor must state an
account with such person, charging
twenty-five per centum damages, and
interest at the rate of ten per centum
per annum from the time of such fail
ure.
A copy of such account in any suit
therein la prlma facie evidence of the
things therein stated. In case the Au
ditor cannot for want of information
state an account, he may in any action
brought by him aver that fact, and al
lege generally the amount of money or
other property which is due to or which
belongs to the City and County. The
City Attorney must prosecute all ac
tions that may bo brought under this
section within ten days after notifica
tion by the Auditor.
CHAPTEK IV.
Payment of Claims.
SECTION 1. The salaries and com
pensation of all officers, including po
licemen and employes of all classes, and
all teachers in the public schools, and
others employed at fixed wages, shall
be payable monthly. Any demand upon
the treasury accruing under this
Charter shall not be paid, but shall be
forever barred by limitation of time,
unless the same be presented for pay
ment, properly audited, within one
month after such demand became due
and payable; or, if It be a demand
which must be passed and approved by
the Supervisors or Board of Education,
or by any other Board, then within one
month after the first regular meeting
of the proper board held next after the
demand accrued; or, unless the Super
visors shall, within six months after
the demand accrued as aforesaid, on a
careful examination of the facts, re
solve that the same is in all respects
just and legal, and the presentation
of it, as above required, was not in
the power either of the original party
interested or his agent, or the present
holder; in which case they may by or
dinance revive such claim; but it shall
be barred In the same manner unless
presented for payment within twenty
days thereafter. No valid demand aris
ing subsequent to the claim which may
be revived as aforesaid shall be ren
dered invalid by reason of such revival
exhausting the fund out of which sub
sequent claims might otherwise be
paid. Such revived claim shall take
rank aa of the day of its revival.
ARTICLE IV.
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
The Mayor.
SECTION 1. The chief executive offi
cer of the City and County shall be des
ignated the Mayor. He shall be an
elector of the City and County at the
time of his election, and must have
been such for at least five years next
preceding such time. He shall be
elected by the people and hold office
for two years. He shall receive an
annual salary of six thousand dollai».
He may appoint a Secretary who shall
receive an annual salary of twenty
four hundred dollars; an usher who
shall receive an annual salary of nine
hundred dollars; and a stenographer
and typewriter who shall receive an
annual salary of nine hundred dollars.
All of said appointees shall hold their
positions at the pleasure of the Mayor.
Sec. 2. The Mayor shall vigilantly
observe the official conduct of all
public officer^ and the manner in
which they execute their duties and
fulfill their obligations. The books,
records and official papers of all depart
ments, officers and persons In the em
pldy of the City and County shall at all
times be open to his Inspection and ex
amination. He shall take special care
that the books and records of all de
partments, boards, officers and persons
are kept In legal and proper form.
When any official defalcation or will
ful neglect of duty or official miscon
duct shall come to his knowledge, he
shall suspend the delinquent officer or
person from office pending an official in
vestigation.
The Mayor shall from time to time
recommend to the proper officers of
the different departments such meas
ures as he may deem beneficial to pub
lic interest. He shall see that the laws
of the State and ordinances of the City
and County are observed and enforced.
He shall have a general supervision
over all the departments and public
institutions of the City and County,
and see that they are honestly, eco
nomically and lawfully conducted, and
shall have the right to attend the meet
ings of any of the Boards provided for
in this Charter, and offer suggestions
at such meetings. He shall take all
proper measures for the preservation
of public order and the suppression of
all riots and tumults, for which pur
pose he may use and command the .po
lice force. If such police force is in
sufficient, he shall call upon the Gov-,
ernor for military aid In the manner
provided by law, so that such riots or
tumults may be promptly and effectu
ally suppressed.
Sec. 3. The Mayor shall see that all
contracts and agreements with the City
and County are faithfully kept and
fully performed. It shall be the duty
of every officer and person in the em
ploy or service of the City and County,
when it Bhall come to his knowledge
that any contract or agreement with
the City and County, or with any offi
cer or department thereof, or relating
to the business of any office, has been
or is about to be violated by the other
contracting party, forthwith to report
to the Mayor all facts and information
within his possession concerning such
matter. A willful failure to do so shall
be cause for the removal of such officer
or employee. The Mayor shall give a
certificate on demand to any person
reporting such facts and information
that he has done so, and such certifi
cate shall be evidence in exoneration
from a charge of neglect of duty.
The Mayor must institute such ac
tions or proceedings as may be neces
sary to revoke, cancel or annul all fran
chises that may have been granted by
the City and County to any person, com
pany or corporation which have been
forfeited in whole or in part or which
for any reason are illegal and void and
not binding upon the city. The City
Attorney on demand of the Mayor
must institute and prosecute the neces
sary actions to enforce the provisions
of this section.
The Mayor shall have power to post
pone final action on any franchise that
may be passed by the Supervisors until
such proposed franchise shall be rati
fied or rejected by a majority of the
votes cast on the question at the next
election.
Sec. 4. The Mayor rhall appoint all
officers of the City and County whose
election or appointment is not other
wise specially provided for In this
Charter or by law. When a vacancy
occurs in any office, and provision is
not otherwise made in this Charter or
by law for filling the same, the Mayor
shall appoint a suitable person to fill
such vacancy, who shall hold office for
the remainder of the unexplred term.
Sec. 5. The Mayor shall be President
of the Board of Supervisors by virtue
of his office. He may call extra ses
sions of the Board and shall commu
nicate to thorn in writing the objects
for which they have been convened;
and their acts at such sessions shall
be confined to such objects.
Sec. 6. When and so long as the
Mayor is temporarily unable to per
form his duties, a member of the Board
shall be chosen President pro tempore,
who shall act as such Mayor. When a
vacancy occurs in the office of Mayor,
it shall be filled for the unexpired term
by the Supervisors.
CHAPTEB J.L
The Auditor.
SECTION 1. The head of the Finance
Department of the City and County
shall be designated the Auditor. He
shall be an elector of the City and
County at the time of his election and
must have been such for at least five
years next preceding such time. He
shall be elected by the people and hold
office for two years. He shall receive
an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars. The Auditor must always know
the exact condition of the treasury and
every demand upon It. He shall be in
personal attendance at his office daily
during office hours. He shall be the
general accountant of the City and
County, and shall receive and preserve
in his office all accounts, books,
vouchers, documents and papers relat
ing to the accounts and contracts of
the City and County, its' debts, reve
nues and other financial affairs. He
shall give information as to the exact
condition of the treasury and of every
appropriation and fund thereof, upon
demand of the Mayor, the Supervisors,
or any committee or members thereof.
Sec. 2. The Auditor shall appoint a
Deputy Auditor, who shall possess the
qualifications required of the Auditor,
and who shall receive an annual salary
of twenty-four hundred dollars. The
Auditor may also appoint two assist
ant deputies who shall each receive an
annual salary of fifteen hundred dol
lars, and two clerks who shall each re
ceive an annual salary of twelve hun
dred dollarß. He may employ such
number of extra clerks during the time
their services may be necessary for the
lawful discharge of his official duties,
as the Board of Supervisors may des
ignate. Such extra clerks shall receive
a salary not to exceed one hundred dol
lars a month for the time they shall be
actually employed. The Auditor shall
be allowed to expend not exceeding
eighteen hundred dollars a year for
counsel and attorney's fees.
Sec. 3. The Auditor shall keep an ac
count of all moneys paid into and out
of the treasury, and the Treasurer shall
pay no money out of the treasury ex
cept upon demands approved by the
Auditor. Any ordinance or law provid
ing for the payment of any demand out
of the treasury or any fund thereof
(whether from public funds or from pri
vate funds deposited therein) shall al
ways be construed as requiring the au
diting of such demand by the Auditor
before the same be paid.
Sec. 4. He shall number and keep an
official record of all demands audited by
him, showing the number, date,
amount, name of the original holder,
on what account allowed, against what
appropriation drawn, gut of what fund
payable, and, if previously approved
or allowed, by what officer, department
or board it has been so approved or al
lowed. It shall be misconduct in office
for the Auditor to deliver a demand
with his official approval until this re
quirement shall have been complied
with.
Sec. 5. The Auditor shall approve no
demand unless the same has been al
lowed by every officer, board, depart
ment and committee required to act
thereon.
Sec. 6. No demand shall be allowed
by the Auditor in favor of any corpora
tion or person in any manner indebted
to the City and County, except for
taxes not delinquent, without first de
ducting the amount of any indebted
ness of which he has notice; nor in fa
vor of any person having the collection,
custody or disbursement of public
funds, unless his account has been pre
sented, passed, approved and allowed
as herein required; nor In favor of any
officer who has neglected to make his
official returns or reports In the man
ner and at the time required by law,
ordinance, or the regulations of the Su
pervisors; nor In favx>r of any officer
who has neglected or refused to
comply with any of the provisions of
law regulating his duties, nor in favor
of any officer or employee for the time
he shall have absented himself without
legal cause from the duties of his office
during office hours. The Auditor must
always examine on oath any person re
ceiving a salary from the City and
County touching such absence.
The Auditor may require any person
presenting for settlement an account or
claim for any cause against the City
and County to be sworn before him
touching such account or claim, and
when so sworn, to answer orally as to
any facts relative to the Justice of such
account or claim. Moneys placed in
the Special Deposit Fund shall not be
subject to the provisions of this sec
tion.
Sec. 7. Every demand upon the
Treasurer, except the salary of the Au
ditor, must, before it can be paid, be
presented to the Auditor, who shall sat
isfy himself whether the money is le
gally due, and its payment authorized
by law, and against what appropriation
payable and out of what fund it Is pay
able. If he allow It, he shall endorse
upon it the word "Allowed," with the
name of the fund out of which it is
payable, and the date of such allow
ance, and sign his name thereto. No
demand shall be approved, allowed, au
dited or paid unless It specify each spe
cial item, date and amount composing
it, and refer by chapter and section to
the provisions of this Charter authoriz
ing the same.
Sec. 8. The Auditor shall keep a reg
ister of warrants, showing the funds
upon which they are drawn, the num
ber, In whose favor, for what service,
the appropriation applicable to the pay
ment thereof, when the liability ac
crued, and a receipt from the person
to whom the warrant is delivered. He
shall not allow any demand out of its
order, nor give priority to one demand
over another drawn upon the same spe
cific fund, except for the purpose of de
termining its legality.
chapteb m. i ;
The Treasurer.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Treas
urer of the City and County, who shall
be an elector of the City and County
at the time of his election and who must
have been such for at least five years
next preceding such time. He shall
be elected by the people, and hold his
office for two years. He shall receive
an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars, which shall be in full compensa
tion for all his services. He may ap
point a chief deputy who shall receive
an annual salary of twenty-four hun
dred dollars, two assistant deputies
who shall each receive an annual sal
ary of eighteen hundred dollars and
one clerk who shall receive an annual
salary of twelve hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. The Treasurer shall receive
and safely keep all moneys which shall
be paid into the treasury. He shall not
lend, exchange, use, nor deposit the
same, or any part thereof, to or with
any bank, banker or person; nor pay
out any part of such moneys, nor allow
the same to pass out of his personal
custody, except upon demands author
ized by law or this Charter, and after
they shall have been approved by the
Auditor. At the close of business each
day he shall take an account of and en
ter in the proper book the exact amount
of money on hand. At the end of every
month he shall make and file with the
Mayor and publish quarterly in the offi
cial newspaper a statement of the con
dition of the treasury, showing the
amount of receipts into and pay
ments from the treasury, and
on what account, and out of
what fund. If he violate any of the
provisions of this section, he shall be
guilty of misconduct in office, and be
liable to removal therefrom, and be pro
ceeded against accordingly.
He shall keep the accounts belonging
to each fund separate and distinct, and
shall in no case pay demands chargea
ble against one fund out of moneys be
longing to another. He shall be in per
sonal attendance at his office each day
during office hours. No fees of any
kind shall be retained by him, but the
same, from whatsoever source received
or derived, shall be paid by him into
the treasury.
Sec. 3. For the better security of the
moneys in the treasury, there shall be
provided a joint custody safe in which
shall be kept the moneys of the City
and County. Said safe shall have two
combination locks, neither one of
which alone will open the safe. The
Treasurer shall have the knowledge
of one combination and the Auditor of
the other. The Auditor shall be Joint
custodian with the Treasurer of all
funds in the joint custody safe; but
shall have no control over them except
to open and close the safe in conjunc
tion with the Treasurer, when request
ed to do so in his official capacity, and
shall not be held responsible on his of
cial bond for any shortage which may
occur in the treasury.
The gold shall be kept In bags con
taining twenty thousand dollars each,
and the silver in bags containing one
thousand dollars each. To each bag
shall be attached a tag showing the
nature and amount of coin contained
herein. Each bag shall be sealed with
the seal of each custodian.
There shall be kept in the safe a Joint
custody book, showing the amount and
description of all funds in the safe,
and whenever any amounts are with
drawn, the Auditor and Treasurer shall
mako the proper entry in the joint cus
tody book and initial the same. If on
account of sickness or urgent necessity
the Auditor '- unavoidably absent the
Deputy Auditor shall perform his du
ties. The estimated amount of money
required daily for the payment of de
mands against the treasury shall be
taken from the joint custody safe and
kept in another safe: and the money
therein shall be balanced daily at the
close of business hours.
Sec. 4. The Treasurer, on receiving
any money into the treasury, shall
make out and sign two receipts for the
money. Such receipts shall be alike,
except upon the face of one of them
shall appear the word "Original," and
upon the face of the other shall appear
the word "Duplicate.". Such receipts
shall be numbered and datod. and shall
specify the amount, on what account
and from what person or officer re
ceived, and into what fund or on what
account paid. The Treasurer shall en
ter upon the stubs of such receipts a
memorandum of the contents thereof
and deliver the receipt marked "Orig
inal" to the person or officer paving
such money into . the treasury, and
forthwith deliver the receipt marked
"Duplicate" to the Auditor, who shall
write upon Its face the date of its de
livery to him, and charge the Treas
urer with the amount specified there
in, and file the receipt in his office.
Sec. 5. No demand shall be paid by
the Treasurer unless it specify each
several item, date and amount compos
ing it. and refer by title, date and
section to the law. or ordinance or pro
vision of this Charter authorizing the
same; but the allowance or approval of
the Auditor, or of the Supervisors, or
of any department, board or officer, of
any demand which is not authorized
by law or this Charter, and which upon
its face appears not to have been ex
pressly made payable out of the funds
to be charged therewith, shall afford no
warrant to the Treasurer for paying
the same.
; Sec. 6. Ever* lawful . demand - upon
the treasury, audited and allowed as in
this Charter required.; shall in all cases
be paid unon presentation, if there be
sufficient : money in the treasury ap
plicable .to the payment of such de
mand, and on "lament canceled with
a - punch, t cutting the ■ word ■; "Canceled"
therein, and the proper entry thereof
made. If, however, '= there be not suffi
cient money so applicable, then it shall
be ; registered iln< a , book kept for - ! that
purpose by the Treasurer. Such regis
ter shall show the special number given
by 4 the | Supervisors j or; other authority,
and also by : the Auditor ito ? each, d^.
mand presented, also when presented
the date, amount, name of v original
holder and on what account allowed
and against what appropriation drawn
and out of what specific fund payable
All demands shall be paid the order
of their registration. * Each demand
upon being so registered shall be re
turned to the party presenting it. with
the endorsement of the word Register
ed," and dated and signed by the
Treasurer; but the registration of any
demand shall not operate to^recognize
or make valid such demand if incurred
contrary to any of the provisions of
this Charter.
CHAPTER IV. -y- :£\
»' - ,
The Assessor. !
SECTION 1. There shall be an 'As
sessor of the City and County, who
shall be an elector of the City . and
County at the time of his election ana
who must have been such for at least
five years next preceding such time. Ha
shall be elected by the people and hold
office for four years. He shall receive
an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars, which shall be in full compensa
tion for all his services. He may ap
point a chief deputy who shall receive
an annual salary of twenty- four hun
dred dollars; one cashier who shall re
ceive an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars; six assistant deputies
who shall each receive an annual sal
ary of eighteen hundred dollars; twen
ty-one clerks who shall eaoh receive
an annual salary of twelve hundred
dollars; and during four months of the
year not more than one hundred clerks
who shall each be paid at the rate of
not more than one hundred dollars a
month during the time of their employ-,
ment.
Sec. 2. The Assessor shall assess all
taxable property within the City and
County at the time and In the manner
prescribed by the general laws of th»
State. ___:v -
CHAPTEB V.
The Tax Collector.
SECTION L There shall b» a Ta<
Collector of the City and County, who
shall be an elector of the City and
County at the time of his election and
who must have been such for at least
five years next preceding such time. He
shall be elected by the people and hold
office for two years. He shall receive
an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars, which shall be In full compensa
tion for all his services. He may appoint
one chief deputy, who shall receive an
annual salary of twenty-four hundred
dollars; one cashier who shall receive
an annual salary of twenty-four hun
dred dollars; fifteen deputies who shall
each receive an annual salary of fifteen
hundred dollars, and extra clerks who
shall each be paid at the rate of not
more than one hundred dollars a
month during the time of their em
ployment, but the total amount of
payment for such extra clerks shall
not exceed thirty-six thousand dollars
j a year.
Sec. 2. The Tax Collector must col
lect all licenses which may at any time
be required by law or ordinance to be
collected within the City and County.
He shall be charged with all taxes lev
i led upon real and personal property
! within the City and County, upon tha
i final settlement to be made by him ac
! cording to law, or this Charter. H«
, shall pay Into the treasury, without
i any deduction for commissions, fees or
1 charges of any kind or on any ac-
I count, the full amount of all taxes, as
i sessments and moneys received by him,
! and not previously paid over, includ
'■ ing all moneys paid under protest, and
| money received for taxes paid more
than once, and for street assessments.
; He shall also be charged with, and be
i debtor to the City and County for, the
'■ full amount of all taxes due upon th«
i delinquent tax list delivered to him for
collection, unless it appear to the satis
faction of the Supervisors expressed by
j resolution, that it was out of his power
to collect the same by levy and sale of
property liable to be seized and sold
I therefor.
Sec. 3. The Tax Collector may ap
point an attorney to prosecute actions
for the collection of delinquent taxes,
and may agree on paying him as com
pensation therefor a stated percentage
out of the amounts recovered; but such
percentage shall in no case exceed fif
teen per centum of the amounts re
covered.
Sec. 4. He shall examine all persons
liable to pay licenses, and see that
licenses are taken out and paid for. In
the performance of their official duties,
he and his deputies shall have the
same powers as police officers in serv
ing process and in making arrests. He
may demand the exhibition of any
license for the current term from any
person, firm or corporation engaged or
employed in the transaction of any
business for which a license Is re
quired; and if such person, firm or
corporation shall refuse or neglect ta
exhibit such license, the same may ba
revoked forthwith by the Tax Collec
tor. -
Sec. 5. The Auditor shall from tim«
to time deliver to the Tax Collector
such City and County licenses aa may
be required, and sign the same an<j
charge them to the Tax Collector, spec
ifying In the charge the amounts
thereof named In such licenses respec
tively and the class of licenses, an<s
take receipts therefor, and the Taa
Collector shall sign and collect tha
same. The Tax Collector shall once in
every month, and oftener when re
quired by the Auditor, make to tha
Auditor a report under oath of all
licenses sold and on hand, and of all
amounts paid to the Treasurer, and
shall also in that regard comply with
the regulations which may be pre
scribed by the Supervisors. At the tima
of making such report, the Tax Collec
tor shall exhibit to the Auditor all
licenses on hand and the Treasurer's
receipts for all moneys paid into the
treasury.
CHAPTER VL
The Coroner.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Coro
ner of the City and County.who shall b«
an elector of the City and County at
the time of his election, and who must
have been such for at least five years
next preceding such election. He shall
be elected by the people and hold office
for two years. He shall receive an an
nual salary of four thousand dollars.
He shall perform such duties as may
be prescribed by law or ordinance. Ha
shall have the control and manage
ment of the Morgue of the City and
County under such ordinances as the
Supervisors may adopt.
Sec. 2. He may appoint an autopsy
physician who shall receive an annuaj
salary of twenty-four hundred dollars;
a chi f deputy, who shall receive an an
nual alaryof twenty-four hundred dol
lars; three assistant deputies who shall
each receive an annual salary of fifteen
hundred dollars; a stenographer and
typewriter who shall receive an annual
salary of eighteen hundred dollars; and
a messenger who shall receive an an
nual salary of nine hundred dollars.
CHAPTER VII.
The Recorder.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Re
corder of the City and County,
who shall be an elector of the
City and County at the time of
his election and who must have
been such for at least five years next
preceding such election. He shall be
elected by the pc iple and hoid office
for two years. He shall receive an an
nual salary of thirty-six hundred dol
lars. He may appoint a Chief Deputy,
who shall receive an annual salary of
eighteen hundred dollars; two assist
ant deputies who shall ea^h receive an
annual salary of fifteen hundred dol
lars. He may also appoint as many
copyists as he may deem necessary,
who shall receive not more than eight
cents for each one hundred words ac
tually written; but no copyist shall be
paid a greater compensation at this
rate than amounts in the aggregate to
one hundred dollars a month.
Sec. 2. The Recorder shall take into
38his custody and safely keep all books,
records, maps and papers deposited in
his office. Upon demand and payment
of the fees prescribed therefor by law
or by ordinance, he must furnish to
any one applying therefor a copy of
any such book, record, map or paper,
certified under the hand and seal of his
office. When any papers are presented
for filing or recording, he or his depu
ties shall write on the margin of each
paper bo presented the number of folios,
the amount paiu for recording the
same, and sha.i number consecutively
all Instruments and documents filed in
his office. He Bhall also perform all
other duties at the time and in the
manner prescribed by the general laws
of the State.
ARTICLE V.
LEGAL DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
The Superior Court Judges.
SECTION 1. The Judges of the Su
perior Court of the City an- County
may appoint not to exceed five inter
ign languages, who shall
ls such interpreters In criminal ac
tions anu proceedings in all the courts
In the City and County, and in exam
na before Coroner's Juries.
2. The stenographers n the
Criminal Dep. rtments of the Superior
Court shrill co h receive an annual
salary not exceeding twenty-four hun
dollars which shall be in full
ensation for all services Including
scription and all stationery used
lem.
CHAPTER 11.
The City Attorney.
SECTION 1. There shall be anAttor
tnd Counselor of the City and
ty, who shall be styled City At
torney, and v..0 shall recMve an an
nual salary of five thousand dollars.
He shall be elected by the people and
bold ('{lieu for the period of two
years. He must be t the time of his
on an elector of the City and
County and qualified to practice in all
the courts of this State, and he must
have been bo qualified for at least ten
years i cxl preceding his election, dur
ing five years of which he must have
b«-en an actual resident of the City and
County. 1U- sha . devote his entire time
tion to the duties of his office.
-. He must prosecute and de
for the City and County all ac
tions at law or in equity, and all spe
cial proceedings for or against tl;e City
and > Hid whenever any cause
of action ;it law or in equity or by spe
ixists in favor of the
City and County, be shall commence
the Bame when within his knowledge,
an. l if not within his knowledge, when
directed to do so by resolution of the
Supervisors. He shall give tefral ad
vice, in writing, to all officers, boards
end commissions named In this Char
ter, when requested so to do by them,
or either of them, in writing, upon
questions arising in their separate de
tents involving the rights or lia
bilities of the Cit- ai.d County. He
shall not settle or dismiss any litiga
tion for or against the City and County
under his control unless upon his writ
ten recommendation he Is ordered to
■ b the Mayor and Supervisors.
S. He shall keep on file in his
office all written communications and
'Pinions given by him to any officer.
d or department; the briefs and
transcripts used in causes wherein he
Lrs; and bound books of record
and registry of all actions or proceed
ings in h's chance in which the City
ounty is interested.
Spo. 4. He hall deliver all books
and records, reports, documents, pa
pera, statutes, law books and property
of every description in his possession,
belonging to his office, or to the City
and County", to his sr.eee-ssor in office,
who shall »ive him duplicate receipts
thprefir, one of which he shall file
with the Auditor.
Sea "». The City Attorney may ap
point four assistants, the first of whom
shall receive an annual salary of
thirty-plx hundred dollars; the second
an annual salary of three thousand '
dollars; the third an annual salary of
twenty-four hundred dollars, and the
fourth an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars. He may also appoint
a chief clerk, wh shall receive an an
nual salary of eighteen hundred dol
lars; an assistant clerk who sh§.ll re
ceive an annual salary of nine, hundred |
dollars; a stenographer and typewriter
who shall receive nn annual salary of
r.lne hundred dollars; and a messen
ger who shall receive an annual salary
of nine hundred dollars. An officer of
the Police Department shall be perma
nently detailed by the Chief of Police
f. >r the purpose of doins the detective
torork necessary In preparing and
| r <^utinp the liberation of the office,
who shall continue to servo on such de
tail during- the pleasure of the City At
torney. The assistants and the chief
cl<-rk must each, at the time of his ap
pointment, be qualified to practice in
ell the courts of this State, and must
have bpon <=n qualified at least two
yars next preceding his appointment.
The assistants, clerks, typewriter and
m^sseneor shall be appointed by tlv
City Attorney, and shall hold their
offices at his pleasure, and the spp-Mfie
duties of each shall be prescribed by
him.
CHAPTER 111.
The District Attorney.
SECTION 1. The District Attorney
phall be elected by the people and shall
hoM office for t\v<> years. He shall be
an <-lt j < tor of the City and County and
must at the time of his election be
qualified to practice in all the courts
of this State, and must have been so
qualified for . t lr;ist five years next
preceding his election. He shall re
ceive an annual salary of five thou
. Band dollars.
Sec. 2. The District Attorney shall |
have all the powers conferred, and !
shall discharge all the duties imposed j
upon, the District Attorneys of coun- i
ties by the general laws of this State,
and in addition thereto shall attend, In
stitute and conduct on behalf of the j
people, all prosecutions cognizable in '
the Police Court of the City and
County. He s>nll draw all complaints j
ami warrants In said Police Court, I
prosecute all forfeited recognizances
therein, and all actions for the recovery |
of fines, penalties, and forfeitures ac- I
'•mini? to the City and County; deliver
receipts for money or property received
In his official capacity, and file dupli
cates therefor with the County Treas
urer: Hie with th? Auditor on the first
Mondays of January, April, July and
October in each year, an itemized
statement under oath showing all
moneys received by him in his official
capacity durir~ the preceding three
months; keep a register of his official
business in which must be entered a
note of every action, whether criminal
or civil, prosecuted officially by him.
ar<3 of the proceedings therein; and
Five, when required, without fee, ad
vice to the Board of Police Commis
flothtp. the Chi^f of Police, the Board
of -ilth and the Coroner, upon mat
ters rrlating to the duties of their re
spective offices.
f^c. 3. He may appoint seven Assist
ant District Attorneys to aid him in the
<iisrhnrgre of his official duties, three of
v-hom shall act as prosecutors in the
Superior Court, and shall each receive
an annual salary of thirty-six hundred
dollars, and four of whom shall act as
th" prosecuting attorneys, of the Police
Court, and shall each receive an annual
P.ilnry of twenty-four hundred dollars.
hen any of the assistants of the Dis
trict Attorney acting as such nrosecut
ing attorney* In the Police Court are
not actually engaged in work connected
with prosecutions therein, they shall be
»at the call of the District Attorney for
any sen-ice connected with his depart
ment. Th" assistants must each, at the
time of his appointment, be qualified to '
proctJce in nil the courts of this State. :
nnd must have been so qualified for at
■ least two years next preceding his ap- I
pointment. The District Attorney may j
also, appoint one chief clerk, who shall^
receive an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars; one assistant clerk,
j who shall receive an annual salary of
; twelve hundred dollars; and one sten
ographer and typewriter who shall re
ceive an annual salary of nine hundred
dollars.
Sec. 4. The District Attorney may, in
the name of the City and County, bid
for and purchase property at execution
sales under Judgments for the recovery
of fines, penalties or forfeitures accru
ing to the City and County.
CHAPTER IV.
The Public Administrator.
SECTION 1. The Public Administra
tor shall be elected by the people, and
he shall hold office for two years. He
shall have all the powers conferred, and
rhall discharge all the duties imposed
upon, the Public Administrators of
counties by the general laws of this
State, except as in this Charter other
wise specifically provided. He shall be
entitled to all such fees as may be al
lowed by law to the Public Administra
tors of the counties of the State in full
compensation for all his services.
CHAPTER V.
The County Clerk.
SECTION 1. The County Clerk shall
be elected by the people and shall hold
office for two years. He shall have all
the powers conferred, and shall dis
i charge all the duties imposed upon, the
County Clerks of counties by the gen
eral laws of this State, and in addition
thereto shall attend and act as Clerk of
the Police Court, keep the dockets and
registers thereof, and take charge of
and safely keep all books, papers and
records which may be filed or deposited
in his office pertaining to the Police
Court. lie shall receive an annual sal
j ary of four thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. To aid him in the discharge of
his official duties, the County Clerk
may appoint a Chief Register Clerk,
who shall receive an annual salary of
twenty-four hundred dollars; a Cash-
I ier, who shall i-eeeive an annual salary
!of eighteen hundred dollars; twelve
i Courtroom Clerks for the Superior
I Court who shall each receive an an
1 nual salary of fifteen hundred dol
lars; five Register Clerks, who shall
each receive an annual salary of
| eighteen hundred dollars; ten As-
I sistant Register Clerks, who shall
i each receive an annual salary of
fifteen hundred dollars; sixteen Copy
ists, who shall each receive an annual
i salary of twelve hundred dollars; and
i four Clerks for the Police Court, who
! shall each receive an annual salary of
fifteen hundred dollars.
Sec. 3.- For copies of papers furnish
ed and certified by him, he shall charge
not more than eight cents for each one
hundred words. For certifying copies,
which are nut prepared by him, he
shall be entitled to charge twenty-five
cents, and also forty cents an hour for
the time exceeding one hour necessarily
occupied in comparing such copies. He
] must certify all papers presented to
j him which are copies of any document,
! paper or record, or portions thereof, in
his custody.
CHAPTER VX
The Sheriff.
SECTION 1. The Sheriff shall be
elected by the people, and he shall hold
office for two years. He shall receive
an annual salary of eight thousand dol
lars, which shall be in full compensa
tion for all official services required of
him by law; but said salary shall be
exclusive of the compensation received
by him from the State for the delivery
of prisoners to the State prisons, and
insane persons to the State asylums for
the insane. He shall have all the pow
ers conferred, and shall discharge all
the duties imposed upon, the Sheriffs
of counties by the general laws of this
State.
Sec. 2. He may appoint the follow
ing deputies and employees, who shall
each respectively receive the following
annual salaries:
One Under Sheriff, twenty-four hun
dred dollars; one Attorney, eighteen
hundred dollars; one Chief Bookkeeper,
eighteen hundred dollars; two Assistant
Bookkeepers, fifteen hundred dollars;
ten Office Deputies, fifteen hundred dol
lars; fourteen Bailiffs, twelve hundred
dollars; one Chief Jailer at Branch Jail
Number One, eighteen hundred dollars;
ten Jailers at Branch Jail Number One,
twelve hundred dollars; one Superin
tendent of Branch Jails Numbers Two
and Three, eighteen hundred dollars;
sixteen Guards at Branch Jail Number
Two. six hundred dollars; one Matron
at Branch Jail Number Three, nine
hundred dollars; six Guards at Branch
Jail Number Three, six hundred dol
lars; one Commissar y to act for all
jails, fifteen hundred dollars; one
Driver of Van, nine hundred dollars;
and one Bookkeeper, for all said Branch
Jails, fifteen hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. The Sheriff may designate the
services to be performed by hl3 depu
ties.
CHAPTER VII.
The Justices' Courts.
SECTION 1. The Justices of the
Peace shall each receive an annual sal
ary of twenty-four hundred dollars,
except the Presiding Justice, who shall
receive an annual salary of twenty
seven hundred dollars. They shall ap
point a Chief Clerk who shall hold
office for two years and receive an an
nual salary of twenty-four hundred
dollars. The Chief Clerk may appoint
five Deputies, each of whom shall re
ceive an annual salary of twelve hun
dred dollars.
CHAPTER VIII.
The Police Court.
SECTION 1. There is hereby created
and established in and for the City and
County of San Francisco a Court to be
I known as the Police Court of the City
! and County of San Francisco. Said
I Court shall consist of four Judges, who
j shall be elected by the people and hold
office for four years. They si all each
receive an annual salary of thirty-six
! hundred dollars. They shall be electors
| of the City and County at the time of
I their election, and must have been such
! for at least five years next preceding
j such time. No person shall be eligible
I to the office of Judge of the Police
j Court who is not at the time of his elee
tio-n qualified to practice in all the
Courts of this State, and who has not
been so qualified for at least five years
next preceding his election. The Court
shall be divided into departments
known as Department Number One,
Department Number Two, Depart
ment Number Three and Department
Number Four. The Judges of such
Court may hold as many sessions of the
Court at the same time as there are
Judges thereof. The Judges who shall
be elected at the first election under
this Charter shall so classify them
selves by lot that two of them shall go
out of office in two years and two of
them in four years.
They shall choose from their number a
Presiding Judge who shall serve for one
year. The Presiding Judge shall as
sign the Judges to their respective de
partments; but any of the Judges may
preside in any of the departments in
the absence or inability of the Judge
regularly assigned thereto.
The judgments, orders and proceed
ings of any session of the Court held by
any one or more of the Judges shall be
equally effectual as if all the Judges
had presided at such session.
Sec. 2. The Police Court of the City
and County of San Francisco Bhall
have:
First— Exclusive Jurlpdiction of all
prosecutions for the violation of or
dinances of the Board of f^upervisors.
Second— Concurrent jurisdiction with
the Superior Court of all other misde
meanors and of the examination of all
felonies committed in the City and
County.
Third — Said Court, or any Judge
thereof, shall have the same powers in
all criminal actions, cases, examina
tions and proceedings as are now or^
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AXD COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
may hereafter be conferred by law
upon Justices of the Peace.
Sec. 3. Proceedings in said Court
shall be conducted in accordance with
the laws of this State regulating pro
ceedings In Justices 1 and Police Courts
and appeals to the Superior Court; and
said Court or any Judge thereof shall
have the same power in ail criminal
actions, cases and proceedings as are
now or may be hereafter conferred by
the general law of this State upon Jus
tices of the Peace; provided, that:
First — No case shall be dismissed or
fine imposed until the testimony for the
prosecution shall be taken.
Second — Any defendant who neglects
to file his statement on appeal within
ten days after sentence shall lose his
right to appeal, unless good cause for
the delay be shown by affidavit. Press
of business on the part of defendant's
attorney shall not be deemed good
cause for delay. Unless the District
Attorney shall file amendments to the
proposed statement on appeal within
five days after the same shall have
been filed and served, the proposed
statement on anneal shall be the state
ment on appeal. The Judge before
whom the case was tried shall settle
the statement on appeal within five
days after the District Attorney shall
have filed his amendments to the pro
posed statement.
Third — Any person who shall solicit
or importune any of said Judges, either
before or after Judgment, to dismiss a
case, or mitigate a sentence, unless the
same be done in open court, shall be
guilty of a contempt of court.
Fourth — A complaint may be demur
red to on the ground that it does not
set forth the offense charged with such
particularities of time, place, person
and property as to enable the defend
ant to understand distinctly the char
acter of the offense complained of, and
the complaint may be amended by per
mission of the Court after a demurrer
is sustained.
Fifth— A defendant in custody shall
have the right to be tried before a de
fendant on bail, and felonies shall be
heard before misdemeanors.
Sixth— The Judges of said Court shall
try all cases as speedily as possible,
and must refuse continuances after the
first calling of a case for trial except
upon affidavit showing good cause
therefor.
Seventh— Other than lawfully author
ized surety companies, no person shall
be eligible to be a bondsman for any
defendant on trial in the Police Court,
or on appeal from a Judgment therein,
except* he take an oath that the prop
erty specified in the undertaking is in
the City and County of San Francisco,
and that he is worth the amount spe
cified exclusive of property exempt
from execution, and exclusive of all de
mands for which he may become liable
by reason of the forfeiture of any ap
peal or bail bonds for which he is
surety.
Sec. 4. The District Attorney, either
in person or by his Assistants, must be
present at the sessions of the Court and
attend to the prosecution of all cases
coming before it. and make out all
complaints and warrants for the arrest
of persons charged with crime to be
prosecuted in said court.
Sec. 5. The District Attorney shall
appoint a Warrant and Bond Clerk
who shall receive a salary of twenty
four hundred dollars a year, and three
Assistant AVarrant and Bond Clerks,
each of whom shall receive a salary of
fifteen hundred dollars a year. No
person shall be appointed a Warrant
and Bond Clerk who is not at the time
of his appointment qualified to practice
in all the Courts of this State. The
Warrant and Bond Clerk shall kc«=p his
ofPce open continuously night and day
tor the transaction of business; shall
draw complaints in actions in the Po
lice Court, and approve the same with
his written signature; shall have the
custody of all bail bonds and appeal
bonds taken in the Police Court: shall
examine the sufficiency of every bail
bond and appeal bond taken in the Po
lice Court and make a return thereon,
within forty-eight hours after such
bond shall have come into his posses
sion, in the following form:
"I, Warrant and Bond
Clerk of the City and County of San
Francisco, have examined the within
bond and find it good in law. I have
examined the records of the City and
County of San Francisco, and find the
property, its owners and ineumbranoes
herein described, to be correct accord
ing to said records. (Signed
Warrant and Bond Clerk.)"
Th? Warrant and Bond Clerk shall
endorse upon the bond the time when
it was issued by him, or when it came
into his possession. He may issue bail
bonds and appeal bonds when the lia
bility thereof does not exceed two thou
sand dollars, and order the discharge
from custody of the persons for whom
the bonds are issued; and he may take
cash bail to the extent in any one case
of one thousand dollars. He must ac
count for and pay to the Treasurer all
moneys received as bail in the manner
that "the County Clerk is required -by
law to account for and pay moneys rp
ceived as fees. No clerk of the Police
Court shall ever take bail or order the
release of any one charged with an of
fense.
Sec. 6. In the matter of fixing ball
and ordering the relr-ase of prisoners
the "Warrant and Bond Clerk shall be
subject to the Judges of the Police
Court, and any violation of a valid
order of any of said Judges shall be a
contempt of Court.
Sec. 7. For any failure to keep the
office of the Warrant and Bond Clerk
open continuously he shall be imme
diately removed from office by the Dis
trict Attorney or by the Mayor.
Sec. 8. It shall be a misdemeanor for
any person other than a Judge of some
Court In the City and County, or other
than said Warrant and Bond Clerk, to
receive bail money for defendants or to
order their discharge.
Sec. 9. All demurrers to complaints,
notices of motion, statements and bills
of exception on appeal to the Superior
Court, must be served upon the Assist
ant District Attorney acting in the De
partment of the Court in which the
case is set for hearing, or heard or
tried.
Sec. 10. The County Clerk shall be the
Clerk of the Police Court, and he must
be present either In person or by deputy
at all sessions of the Court In the de
partments thereof; call the daily calen
dar of the departments, and keep full
and complete records of all cases in the
Court and the disposition made thereof
by the Court.
Sec. 11. The Police Judges may ap
point not more than two competent
stenographers who shall attend the
sessions of the Court and take notes
of all preliminary examinations made
at .the sessions, and transcribe into
type-written long hand all evidence
taken by either of them where the par
ties charged have been held for trial,
and deliver one copy of the same to the
Clerk and one copy to the District At
torney. Each of such stenographers ■
shall be paid for all his services, ' In
cluding transcription and all sta
tionery used by him, an annual salary
of twenty-four hundred dollars.
Sec. 12. The Mayor may in writing: ap
point any Justice of the Peace to act as
Judge of the Police Court, or any de
partment -thereof, during the tempor
ary absence or inability of the Judge to
ELCt
Sec. 13. The Chief of Police shall
cause to be made out and delivered to
each of the Clerks of the Court :at or
before nine o'clock in the forenoon of
each day a calendar of arrests Yin
which the cases shall have been as
signed 'to the departments of the Court
in accordance with the rules and regu
lations established by the Police
Judges. The calendar shall state I "the
offense charged ; " whether the defend
ant is "in custody" or "on ball;" "the
amount of ball;" "whether- cash or
bond," and "the name of the arresting
officer." - :
Sec. 14. The Chief of Police shall ap
point one or more Police Officers to at
tend the * sessions of the ; Police > Court
in each department thereof to r pre
serve order and execute the orders of
Court J
■ ■ .' .■-.;. -
Sec. 15. The Police Judges shall
adopt all necessary rules and regula
tions for conducting the business of
the Court.
Sec. 16. No attorney shall appear in
said Court to prosecute or defend per
sons charged with offenses unless at
the time of his appearance he be quali
fied to practice law in all the courts of
this State.
Sec 17. The term of office of the Po
lice Judges elected at the general elec
tion held in the year eighteen hundred
and ninety-eight shall terminate at the
hour of noon on the first Monday after
the first day of January in the year
nineteen hundred, and they shall at
said time be succeeded by the Police
Judges provided for in this Chapter;
and all proceedings pending in said Court
shall be transferred to the Police Court
created under this Charter, and the
Judges elected as herein provided shall
have and obtain Jurisdiction of the
same.
CHAPTER IX.
The San Francisco Law Library.
SECTION 1. The Supervisors must
provide, fit up and furnish, with fuel,
lights, stationery, and all necessary
conveniences, attendants and care,
rooms convenient and accessible to the
judges and officers of the courts and of
the municipal government sufficient for
the use and accommodation of the San
Francisco Law Library, established
under an Act of the Legislature of this
State entitled: "An Act to provide for
increasing the Law Library of the cor
poration known as the San Francisco
Law Library, and to secure the use of
the same to the Courts held at San
Francisco, the Bar, the City and Coun
ty Government and the People of the
City and County of San Francisco," ap
proved March 9th, 1870. The Supervis
ors must appropriate, allow, and order
paid out of the proper fund euch sums
as may be necessary for the purposes
aforesaid; and all sums lawfully ap
propriated and expended pursuant
hereto shall be paid out of the proper
fund on demands duly audited, in the
mode prescribed by this Charter for
auditing other demands upon the treas
ury. The County Clerk must pay
monthly to tho Treasurer of the San
Francisco Law Library such moneys as
he shall collect under the Act; referred
to for the benefit of said Law Library.
ARTICLE VI.
DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC
WORKS.
CHAPTER I.
The Board of Public Works.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Depart
ment of Public Works under the man
agement of three Commissioners who
shall constitute the Board of Public
Works, and who shall give all their
time during official business hours to
the duties of their office. The members
of said Board shall be appointed by the
Mayor. Of those first appointed he
shall appoint one for one year, one for
two years, and one for three years.
Each year thereafter he shall appoint
for three years one person as the suc
cessor of the Commissioner whose term
of office expires in that year. All such
appointments shall be so made that not
more than one member shall at any
one time belong to the same political
party. No person shall be eligible for
a; pointment as such Commissioner un
less he is, and has been for at least five
years next preceding his appointment,
an elector of the City and County. Each
of said Commissioners shall receive an
annual salary of four thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. Of the Commissioners first
appointed under this Charter, one shall
be designated by the Mayor to serve
as President for one year. All subse
quent Presidents of the Board shall be
elected by the members thereof for
terms to be fixed by said board. The
President of the Board shall in each
case hold office until his successor has
been elected or until his membership
on the Board expires.
Sec. 3. The Board may appoint a
Secretary who shall receive an annual
salary of eighteen hundred dollars. The
Board may employ such clerks, super
intendents, inspectors, engineers, sur
veyors, deputies, architects and work
men as shall be necessary to a proper
discharge of their duties under this Ar
ticle, and fix their compensation; but
no compensation to any of said persons
shall be greater than is paid in the
case of similar employments.
Sec. 4. The Board shall establish all
necessary rules and regulations for its
government, and for the performance
of its duties, and for the regulation and
conduct of its officers and employes;
and shall require adequate bonds from
its officers and employes, except labor
ers, for the faithful performance of all
their duties in such sums as may be
fixed by the Supervisors. Said bonds
shall be approved by the Mayor and
shall be filed in the office of the Audi
tor.
Sec. 5. The Board shall hold reguTar
meeting's at least once each week at a
place and time to be fixed by resolution
entered on its minutes. No changes in
place or time of regular meetings shall
be made without a resolution passed at
least two weeks before the time the
change is to go into effect. Such spe
cial meetings may be held as the Com
missioners may deem necessary after
notice of the same has been posted ten
hours before the time of holding any
such meeting. All meetings shall be
public. No business shall be transacted
at an adjourned meeting: except such as
may have been under, or proposed for,
consideration at the meeting from
which the adjournment was had. No
business shall be transacted at a spe
cial meeting except that which is named
in the notice of said meeting. Special
meetings may be called by any member
of the Board. In every case where a
power is exercised und^r this Article
by the Board the vote thereon shall be
taken by ayes and noes.
Sec. 6. The Board shall keep and
preserve a record of all its proceedings
and copies of all plans, specifications!
reports, contracts, estimates, certifi
cates, receipts, surveys, field notes,
maps, plats, profiles, and of all papers
pertaining- to the transactions of the
Board. The Secretary of the Board
shall keep a record of all its transac
tions, specifying therein the names of
the Commissioners present at all the
meetings, and giving the ayes and noes
upon all votes. The Secretary shall
post and publish all orders, resolu
tions and notices as required in this
Chapter or which the Board shall order
to be posted or published. He shall
perform such other duties as may from
time to time be prescribed by the
Board.
Sec. 7. The Board shall be the suc
cessor in office and shall have all the
powers and perform all the duties of
the Superintendent of Streets, High
ways and Squares, of the New City
Hall Commissioners/and of the Com
missions In existence at the time this
Charter goes into effect for the open
ing, extending, widening, narrowing,
straightening, closing or changing the
grades of streets in the City arid Coun
ty. -.■ "-- ■•••• -.- ..-. '
Sec. 8. The Board shall immediately
after Its organization take possession
and have the custody and control of all
maps, plats, surveys, field notes, rec
ords, plans, specifications, reports, con
tracts, models, machinery, instruments
tools, appliances, contract rights, ■ priv
ileges, • books, documents and archives
and other property ,; belonging , to > th*-
City and County, or which may be of
value and" Importance to the City and
County, and heretofore kept by or in
the offices of the City and County Sur
veyor,; the Superintendent of ..Public
Streets," Highways, and Squares, -the
Board of New ; City ■ Hall Commission
ers, and all commissions ; in existence j ai
the time this Charter goes into effect
for : the >. opening, extending, .widening,
narrowing, i straightening, „ closing \ or
jihaoginu th<j grades of streets, ana all
other business and works pertaining to
any of said offices or commissions.
Sec. 9. The Board of Public Works
shall have charge, superintendence ani
control, under such ordinances as may
from time to time be adopted by the
Supervisors :
1. Of all public ways, streets, ave
nues, lanes, alleys, places, courts,
j roads, highways and boulevards now
opened or which may hereafter be
opened in the City and County; of the
! manner of their use; and of all work
! done upon, over or under the same; and
| herein particularly the Board shall have
exclusive authority to prescribe rules
and grant permits, in conformity with
the ordinances of the Supervisors, for
the moving of buildings through tht»
streets thereof, and the building or
placing of cellars or vaults under the
streets or sidewalks, and of temporary
fences enclosing areas upon the side
walks; the laying down and construc
tion of railroad tracks in the streets;
the erection of telegraph and telephone
poles, and poles for electric lighting,
and the laying under the surface of the
streets or sidewalks of telegraph or tele
phone wires, and wires fur electric light
ing and power; the construction of
drains and sewers; the laying down and
taking up of gas, steam and water pipes,
pneumatic or other tubes or pipes, ana
sewers and drains, and determining the
location thereof; the using of the
street or any portion thereof for the
deposit of building material in front ot
I a building during its construction or
repair, or for any purpose other than
such as ordinarily and properly belongs
to the public from the dedication there
of to public use; and without such per
mission in writing from said Foard no
person shall do any of the acts in this
section enumerated; but nothing in
this section shall be so construed as to
give said Board the power to grant
permits for or allow the permanent en
croachment upon any sidewalk of any
structure.
2. Of all sewers, drains and cess
pools, and of the work pertaining
thereto or to the drainage of the City
and County;
3. Of the cleaning and sprinkling of
all public streets,, avenues, alleys,
places, courts, roads, highways and
boulevards, and the lighting of th»
same and the lighting of the parks,
squares and other public places and
public buildings;
,4. :Of the cleaning of all the public
buildings of the City and . County and
of the appointment of such janitors ana
employees as are needed for such pur
pose;
5. Of the supervision of any and all
building construction in the City and
County;
6. Of the construction of any and all
public buildings and structures, under
plans duly approved by the various de
partments, including all school houses
and fire-department buildings, and the
repair and maintenance of any and all
buildings and structures owned by the
City and County;
7. Of any and all wires and conduits,
the collection and disposal of street
refuse, garbage and sewage, and the
designing, construction and mainten
ance of the sewerage and drainage sys
tems of the City and County;
8. Of any and all public utilities
owned, controlled or operated by th<s
City and County, or which may here
after be so owned, controlled or ope*
rated.
9. When at any time any person,
company or corporation desires to have
opened or torn up the roadway of any
street, lane, alley, place or court in the
City and County for any purpose, a
written application shall -be made to
the Board of Public Works for permis
sion to do so. The Hoard shall there
upon make an estimate o. the expense
of opening or tearing up such street,
lane, alley, place or court and of re
storing the same to as good a condition
as it was in before said opening or tear
ing up. Such person, company or cor
poration must thereupon deposit the
amount of such estimate with, the
Board of Public Works which shall
thereupon pay the same into the Gene
ral Fund. ;■ v."
The Board shall thereupon proceed to
open or tear u»» said street, lane, alley,
place or court as in said application re
quested, and shall at the proper time
restore such street, lane, alley, place or
court to as good a condition as it was
iri before said opening or tearing up.
Contracts f.r the doing cf sucn work
by the Board may be let by it in the
manner provided in this Chapter, or
the work may, at the option of the
Board, be done by days' labor.
If the expense of such work has been
more than the aforesaid estimate, the
person, company or corporation shall
be indebted to the City and County for
such balance; and the same shall con
stitute a lien upon the property of
such person, company or corporation.
Said lien shall remain in force until
such balance has been paid, or until
the lien shall be legally discharged.
Said lien may be enforced by suit
brought by the City and County in ac
cordance with the provisions of the
Code of Civil Procedure of the State of
California, If the expense of such
work has been Us than the aforesaid
estimate, then the surplus shall con
stitute a claim in favor of such person,
company or corporation, against the
City and County, and as such shall be
presented, approved and paid as other
claims. , ■ >/ :
Sec. 10. All examinations, plans and
estimates required by the Supervisors
in connection with any public improve
ments or utilities, shall be made by the
Board of Public Works and it shall,
when requested to do so, furnish infor
mation and data for the use of the Su
pervisors.
Sec. 11. Said Board shall appoint a
Civil Engineer of not less than five
years' practical experience as such,
who shall be designated the City En
gineer. He shall hold his office at the
pleasure of the Board. -
He shall perform all the civil engin
eering and surveying required in the
prosecution of the public works and
j improvements done under the direction
and supervision, of said Board, and
shall certify to the progress and com
pletion of the same, and do such other
surveying or other work as he may be
directed to do by said Board or by the
Supervisors. He shall possess the same
power in the City and County in mak
ing surveys, plats and certificates as
Is or may from time to time be given
by law to City Engineers and to Coun
ty Surveyors, and his official acts and
all plats, surveys and certificates made
by him shall have the same validity
and be of the same force and effect as
are or may be given by law to those
of City, Engineers and County Survey
ors. No street assessment shall be val
id without his certificate as to the
quantities and unless it be to the effect
that the work has been done to the of
ficial lines, elevations and grades.
Sec. 12. He shall serve the Board ex
clusively and shall not be engaged in
any ■ other business < while '■ he is in its
service. He shall receive no '■} com
pensation except his 'J salary. The
Board shall .by ' resolution establish
fees and charges for the services
to be performed, by the City En
gineer for persons, companies and cor
porations, and may from time to time
change and adjust the same. Said En
gineer shall require .:• such fees or
charges to be paid in advance for any
official act or service demanded of him,
i and such moneys thus ; paid shall be
i paid to the Treasurer and credited by
him to such fund or funds as said Board
may direct. C : -:■ • ,
Sec. 13. The Board shall appoint the
necessary heads of departments under
its charge. Each such head shall have
the "i sole executive control in ": his , own
department, subject to . the . rules : and
regulations prescribed by the Board. i;; I
>•: Sec. i 14. - All public work ; authorized
by. the Supervisors to be done under the
supervision of the Board of Public
Works 1 shall, unless otherwise determin
ed -by ; : the ;■ Beard of ; V Public Works,
be done under written contract, except
in t: case v : of J urgent C necessity %as
hereinafter provided ; j and i. except '■': as
otherwise specifically" provided ; in this
Charter, . the 7% following proceedings
shall be taken In all cases in the matter
of the letting of contracts by said
Xl • - *
Board. Before the award of any con
tract for dping any work (authorized by
this Article, the Board shall cause no
tice to be posted conspicuously in its
office for not less than five days, and
published for the same time, inviting
sealed proposals for the work contem
plated; except, however, that when any
repairs or improvement, not exceeding
an estimated cost of five hundred dol
lars, shall be deemed of urgent neces
sity by the Board, such repairs or Im
provement may be made by the Board
under written contract or otherwise,
without advertising for sealed propo
sals.
Sec. 15. Said advertisement and no
tice shall Invite sealed proposals to be
delivered at a certain day and hour at
the office of the Board for furnishing
the materials for the proposed work, or
for doing said work, or for both, as may
be deemed best by the Board, and shall
contain a general description of the
work to be done, the materials to be
furnished, the time in which the work
is to be commenced, and when to be
completed, and the amount of bond to
be given for the faithful performance
of the contract, and shall refer to plans
and specifications on file in the office of
the Board for full details and descrip
tion of said work and materials.
Sec. 16. All proposals shall be made
upon printed forms to be prepared by
the Board, and furnished gratuitously
upon application, with a form for the
affidavit hereinafter provided for print
.cd thereon. Each bid shall have there
on the affidavit of the bidder that such
bid is genuine, and not collusive or
sham; that he has not colluded, con
spired, connived or agreed, directly or
indirectly, with any other bidder or
person to put in a sham bid, or that
such other person shall refrain from
bidding; and has not in any manner
sought by collusion to secure any ad
vantage against the City and County,
or any person interested in said im
provement, for himself or any other
person. All bids shall be clearly and
distinctly written, without any erasure
or interlineation, and if any bid shall
have an erasure or interlineation it
shall not be received or considered by
the Board. Any contract made in vio
lation of any of the foregoing provi
sions, and in the case of improvement
of streets, any assessment for the work
done under such contract, shall be ab
solutely void.
All proposals offered shall be accom
panied by a check, certified by a re
sponsible bank, payable to the order of
the Clerk of the Supervisors, for an
amount not less than ten per centum
of the aggregate of the proposal, and
no proposal shall be considered unless
accompanied by such check.
No person, corporation or firm shall
be allowed to make, file, or be interest
ed in, more than one bid for the same
work. If on the opening of said bids
more than one bid appear in which the
same person, corporation or firm is in
terested, all such bids shall be rejected.
Sec. 17. On the day and at the hour
specified in said notice inviting sealed
proposals the Board shall assemble and
remain in session for at least one hour,
and all bids shall be delivered to the
Board while It is. so in session, and
within the hour named in the adver
tisement. Xo bid not so delivered to
the Board shall be considered. Each
bid as it shall be received shall be num
bered and marked "Filed" by the Pres
ident and authenticated by his signa
ture. At the expiration of the hour
stated in the advertisement within
which the bids will be received, the
Board shall, in open session, open, ex
amine and p-blicly declare the same,
and an abstract of each bid shall be re
corded in the minutes of the Board by
the Secretary. Before adjourning, the
Board shall compare the bids with the
record made by the Secretary, and shall
thereupon, at said time, or at such
other time, not exceeding twenty days
thereafter, as the Board may adjourn
to, award the contract to the lowest
bidder, except as otherwise herein pro
vided. Notice of such award shall
forthwith be posted for five days by
the Secretary of the Board in some
conspicuous place in the office of the
Board, and be published for the same
period of time.
The Board may reject any and all
bids, and must reject the bid of any
party who has been delinquent or un
faithful in any former contract with
the City and County, and all bids oth
er than the lowest regular bid; and on
accepting said lowest bid, shall there
upon return to the proper parties the
checks corresponding to the bids so re
jected. If all the bids are rejected, the
Board shall return all the checks to
the proper parties and again invite
sealed proposals as in the first in
stance.
The check accompanying the accept
ed bid shall be held by the Secretary of
the Board until the contract for doing
said work, as hereinafter provided, has
been entered into, whereupon said cer
tified check shall be returned to said
bidder.
If said bidder fails or refuses to en
ter into the contract to do said work,
as hereinafter provided, then the certi
fied check accompanying his bid, and
the amount therein mentioned, shall be
forfeited to the City and County, and
shall be collected and paid into the
General Fund. Neither the Board of
Public Works nor the Supervisors shall
have power to relieve from or remit
such forfeiture.
Sec. 18. If at any time It shall be
found that the person to whom a con
tract has been awarded has, in nre
senting any bid or bids, colluded with
any other party or parties, for the pur
pose of preventing any other bid being
made, then the contract so awarded
shall be null and void, and the Board
shall advertise for a new contract for
said work.
Sec. 19. In the case of improvement
of streets, the owners of the major part
of the frontage of lots and lands upon
the street whereon the work is to be
done, or which are liable to be assessed
for said work, or, in the case of an
assessment district, the owners of a
major part of the superficial area em
braced in such district, or their agents,
shall not be required to present sealed
proposals, but may, upon making oath
that they are such owners, or the
agents of such owners, within ten days
after the first posting of notice of said
award, elect to take said work and en
ter into a written contract to do the
whole work at the price at which the
same has been awarded. Should such
owners not enter into a written con
tract therefor within said ten days, or
should they enter into such contract
and fail to commence the work within
the time stated therein, which time
shall not be less than ten nor more
than twenty days from the time of the
execution of such contract, the Board
shall enter into a contract with the
original bidder to whom the contract
was awarded at the price specified in
his bid. If the original bidder shall
fail or refuse for fifteen days after the
first posting of notice of the award
to enter into the contract, the Board
shall again advertise for proposals as
in the first instance.
Sec. 20. If the owners or contractor
who* may have entered into any con
tract do not complete the same within
the time limited in the contract, or
within such further time as is here
inafter provided, the Board may relet
the unfinished portion of said work in
accordance with the provisions in this
Chapter prescribed for the letting of
the whole.
Sec. 21. All contracts shall be drawn
under the supervision of the City At
torney, and shall contain detailed spe
cifications of the work to be done, the
manner in which it shall be executed,
and the quality of the material to be
used.
Every contract entered Into by the
Board shall be signed by all the mem
bers thereof and by the other contract-
Ing party. All contracts shall be signed
in triplicate, one of which, with the
specifications and drawings, if any,
of the work to be done, and the mate
rials to be furnished, shall be filed
with the Clerk of the Supervisors; one
thereof, with said specifications and
drawings, Bhall be kept in the office
of the Board, and the other with said
specifications and drawings shall be
delivered to the contractor.
At the same time with the execution
of the contract the contractor shall ex
ecute to the City and County and de
liver to the Secretary of the Board a
bond in the sum named 1n the notice
for proposals, with two or more suffi
cient sureties to be approved by the
Board, or shall deposit with the Secre
tary a certified check upon some sol
vent bank for said amount, for the
faithful performance of the contract.
No surety on any bond, other than law
fully authorized surety companies,
shall be taken unless he shall be a
payer of taxes on real property. the
assessed value of which, over and
above all incumbrances, is equal in
amount to his liabilities on all bonds
on which he may be security to the
City and County; and each surety
shall justify and make an affidavit (for
which a form shall be printed upon
said bond), signer! by him, that he 13
assessed upon the last Assessment
B^ok of the City and County in his
own name for real property, in an
amount greater than his liability on all
bonds on which he is surety to the City
and County, and that the taxes on
such property so assessed are not de
linquent.
The contract shall specify the time
■within which the work shall be com
menced, and when to be completed, as
WfU specified in the notice inviting pro
posals therefor. Upon tho recommen
dation of the Board, the Supervisors
may extend said time; but in no event
shall the time for the performance of
said contract be extended by the Su
pervisors more than ninety days be
yond the time originally lixed for its
completion; but, on the unanimous
recommendation of the Board of Public
Works, a further extension may ba
granted by vote of fourteen memocra
of the Board of Supervisors. In case of
failure on the part of the contractor
to complete his contract within the
time fixed in the contract, or within
such extension of said time as is herein
provided, his contract shall be void,
and the Supervisors shall not pay or
allow to him any compensation for any
work done by hin. under said contract;
and, in the case of the improvement of
streets, no assessment shall be made
for the work done under said contract.
Sec. 22. The work in this Article pro
vided for must be done under the di
rection and to the satisfaction of the
Board of Public Works; and the mater
ials used must be in accordance with
the specifications and be to the satis
faction of said Board, and all contracts
provided for in this Article must con
tain a provision to that effect, and
also, that in no case, except where it
is otherwise provided in this Charter,
will the City and County, or any de
partment or officer thereof, be liable
for any portion of the expense, or in
the case of improvement of streets,
for any delinquency of persons or
property assessed.
When said work shall have been
completed to the satisfaction and ac
ceptance of the Board, it shall so de
clare by resolution, and thereupon the
Board shall deliver to the contractor
a certificate to that effect.
CHAPTER 11.
Improvement of Streets.
SECTION 1. All streets, lanes, alleys,
places or courts in the City and Coun
ty, now open or dedicated or which
may hereafter be opened or dedicated
to public use, thall be deemed and held
to be open public streets, lanes, alleys,
places or courts, -for the purposes of
this Chapter; and tuo Supervisors are
hereby empowered to fix the width
and grade thereof, and to order to be
done therein and thereon any and all
street work and street improvement
under the proceedings hereinafter de
scribed.
Sec. 2. Application for the doing of
any such work or improvement must
in the first instance, except where
otherwise provided in this Article, be
made in writing to the Board of Pub
lic Works; and if the expense thereof
is to be assessed upon private property,
the Board shall investigate the same;
and if it determine that such improve
ment is expedient, it shall so report to
the Supervisors; and the Supervisors
shall not order any such improvement
until the same has been recommended
by said Board. When the construction
of any sewer or drain shall involve a
cost of more than five dollars per lineal
foot for any block, it shall not be au
thorized except by an on nance passed
by the affirmative vote of not less than
fourteen members of the Board of Su
pervisors. If an application is made
for any work or improvement of which
the expense is to be paid by the City
and County, and the Board of Public
Works shall not approv; of such appli
cation, it shall report to the Supervis
ors its reasons for such disapproval,
and the Supervisors may then, after
having obtained from the Board of
Public Works an estimate of the ex
pense of said work or improvement,
by ordinance passed by the affirmative
vote of not less than fourteen members
of the Board of Supervisors, order the
doing of said work, or the making of
said improvement.
The Board of Public Works may also,
except as herein prohibited, recommend
any improvement, the expense of which
is to be paid by the City and County,
though no application may have been
made therefor, and must make, with
said recommendation to the Supervis
ors, an estimate of the expense, and in
such case the Supervisors may order
the same done.
No street work or street improve
ments of any kind shall be ordered to
be done by the Supervisors unless a
written recommendation to do the
same has been made to them by the
Board of Public Works, and all sucfi
recommendations shall be made mat
ters of record in the office of said
Board.
When the Board shall recommend any
work to be done on a street intersec
tion or crossing, where the streets do
not intersect each other at right angles,
it shall in each such case determine
what lots in the blocks adjacent to such
intersection or cro: ;:ng will Le benefit
ed by said work, and shall cause a
map to be made on which shall be
delineated the lots sr> to fee benefited.
Such map shall be transmitted to the
Supervisors with said recommenda
tion.
Sec. 3. Before recommending to the
Supervisors the ordering of any work
or improvement, the expense of which,
or any part thereof, is to be assessed
upon private property, the Board of
Public Works shall pass a resolution of
its intention to recommend the same,
specifying the work to be recommend
ed, and shall fix a day when it shall
take final action upon said resolution.
Upon the passage thereof the Secre
tary of the Board shall forthwith, with
out any further authority, cause a copy
of said resolution to be posted conspic
uously for five days in the office of said
Secretary, and to be published for a
period of ten days (legal holidays ex
cepted) and cause a copy to be deposit
ed in the Post Office at the City and
County, with postage prepaid, address
ed to each person represented on the
Assessment Book of the City and
County for the next preceding fiscal
year as being owner of land liable to be
assessed for said improvement; but if
said lot stand on said book in the name
of unknown owners, such notice need
not be sent.
The Board shall also cause to be con
spicuously posted along the line of said
contemplated improvement, at points
not more than one hundred feet in dis
tance apart, notices, not less than
three in all, of the passage of said reso
lution. Each of said notices shall be
headed "Notice of Street Work" in let
ters of not less than two inches in
length, and shall in legible characters
state the fact of the passage of said
resolution, its date, and, briefly, the
work or improvement proposed, and re
fer to the resolution of intention for
further particulars.
Sec. 4. The owners of a majority of
the frontage of the proi rty fronting
on said proposed work or improvement,
and, in case of a district, hose owningmore than one-half of the superficial
kiea of the district, may make written
objections to the same within ten days I
alter the expiration of the time of the j
publication of said resolution of inten
tion, which objections shall be delivered
to the Secretary of the Board of Public
Works, who shall endorse thereon the
date of its reception by him. Such ob
jections shall be a bar for six months
to any further proceedings in relation i
to the doing- of said work or making |
said improvement, unless the owners of
the one-half or more of the frontage or I
of the district, as aforesaid, shall j
meanwhile petition for the same to be |
lone, and the same shall, after the ex- !
piration of said six months, be contin- ]
ued under the resolution of intention
first passed if said Board shall deem
proper. If, however, the owners of at i
least two-thirds of the property front- j
ing on said proposed work or improve
ment, and, in the case of a district,
those owning at least two-thirds of the
superlicial area of the district, shall
make written objections to the
tame within said six months, no fur
:her proceedings shall be taken under
v .he aforesaid resolution of intention.
When the work or improvement pro
posed to be done is the construction of j
sewers, manholes, culverts or cess- |
pools, and the objections thereto are j
signed by the owners of a maiority of |
the frontage or of the district as afore
laid, the Board shall, at Its next meet
ing, fix a time for hearing said objec
tions, not less than one week there
after. The Secretary shall thereupon
aotlfy the persons making such objec
tions, by depositing a notice thereof in
the Post Office at the City and County,
postage prepaid, and addressed to each
objector or his agent when he appears
for such objector. At the time speci
• led the Board shall hear the objections
urged, and pass upon the same, and its
decision shall be final and conclusive; |
and if said objections are overruled the |
proceedings shall be continued as
though no objections had been made.
At any time before the making of
the assessment as hereinafter provid
ed, all owners of lots of land liable to
issessment therein, who, after the first
publication of the aforesaid resolution
of intention, may feel aggrieved, or
who may have objections to any pro
reedings in relation to the performance
of the work described in said resolu
tion, may file with the Secretary a pe
tition of remonstrance, wherein they
shall state In what respect they feel
Aggrieved, or the proceedings to which
they object. Such petition or remon
strance shall be passed upon by the
Board, and its decision thereon shall
oe final and conclusive.
Sec. 5. When the contemplated work
jr improvement in the opinion of the
Board of Public Works is of more than
local or ordinary public benefit, it may
recommend to the Supervisors that the
expense of such work or improvement
be made chargeable upon a district,
md said Board shall in Its res
ilutlon of intention set out the district
benefited by said work or improvement
md to be assessed to pay the expense
thereof. Objections to the extent and
boundaries of the district of lands to j
De benefited by said work or improve- !
ment may be made by any Interested j
party, in writing, within ten days a/- j
ter the expiration of the time of pub
lication of the resolution of intention.
The Secretary of the Board shall lay
said objections before it and the Board
shall, at its next meeting, fix a time j
for hearing said objections not less i
than one week thereafter. The Secre
tary shall thereupon notify the persons !
making such objections by depositing |
i notice thereof in the Post Office at the
?ity*and County, postage prepaid, ad- |
Sressed to each objector. At the time
ipeeined the Board shall hear the ob
jections urged and pass upon the same,
and if said objections are overruled, its
decision shall be final and conclusive
is to the extent and boundaries of the
listrict.
If the objections are sustained, the
Board shall proceed to set out another j
listrict to the extent and boundaries j
if which objections may be made and ,
i hearing had thereon as above pro- |
.•ided; and so on in like manner until j
a. district has been set out to the ex
tent and boundaries of which all ob
jections shall be overruled by the Board
—its decision in that behalf to be final !
and conclusive; and thereupon the pro- |
ceedings shall continue the same as if j
no objections had been made. In its j
report to the Supervisors the Board j
shall accompany its report with a dia- i
gram on which shall be delineated each j
separate lot, piece or parcel of land, j
'.he area in square feet of each of such
lots, pjeces or parcels of land, and the
relative location of the same to th« i
work or improvement proposed to be
done within the limits of the district.
Such diagram shall be certified to be
correct by the Secretary of the Board.
Sec. 6. When the work under any
:ontract shall have been completed, the
contractor shall make and file in the
office of the Board fof Public Works
an affidavit to the effect that he has
not entered into any private agree
ment, verbal or written, with any per- |
son liable to be assessed for said work, |
or with any one on his behalf, to ac- j
cept a price from him less than the
price named in said contract, or to
make any rebate or deduction to him
from such price. Any such agreement
shall be deemed a fraud upon all per
sons liable to be assessed for such !
work other than the property owners !
who were parties to the agreement, and j
shall make void, as to such persons so j
defrauded, any assessment made for
the work done under such contract; and
R-here there is more than one contractor
each contractor shall make such affi
davit.
Sec. 7. When any work In or upon
any public street shall have been com
pleted according to contract, and the
affidavit mentioned in the next preced
ing section shall have been made, the
Board shall make an assessment to
cover the sum due for the work per
formed and specified in said contract
(Including all incidental expenses), in
conformity with the provisions of this
Article, according to the nature and
character of the work. The assessment
shall briefly refer to the contract, the
work contracted for and performed,
and shall Fhow the amount to be paid
thereror, together with any incidental
expenses, the rate per front foot as
sessed, the amount of each assessment,
the name of the owner of each lot (if
known to the Board, and if not known,
the word "unknown" shall be written j
opposite the number of the lot and the !
amount assessed thereon); the number
of each lot assessed, and shall have at
tached thereto a diagram exhibiting
the street or street crossing on which
the work has been done, and showing
the relative location of each distinct
lot to the work done, numbered to cor
respond with the numbers in the as
sessment, and showing the number of
front feet assessed for said work. A
mistake in the name of the owner shall
not invalidate any assessment.
When the expense of such work falls
in part upon any person, company or
corporation having railroad tracks
upon the street where such work has
been done, said assessment shall in
clude an assessment against said per
son, company or corporation, for its
legal proportion of said expense, and
the same shall constitute a lien upon
the road-bed, rolling stock, franchises
a.nd other property of such person,
company or corporation, for a period
of two years from the date of record-
Ing the warrant, assessment and dia
gram hereinafter provided for.
Sec. 8. The expense of all work or
improvement done upon any part of
Bald streets, lanes, alleys, places or
courts, under the order of the Super
visors, shall be borne and paid for as
follows:
First. — The City and County shall pay
out of the General Fund the expense:
a. Of all work done on streets, cross
ings and Intersections of streets that
have been or may be accepted by the
City and County, after the acceptance
of . the same, and all repairs and im
provements deemed of urgent necessity
that may be made upon the public
streets and highways.
Jv ql Ail work done in trout of, or
that may be assessed to> property
owned by the City and County or by
j any department thereof.
c. Ui ail work done In front of, or
that may be assessed to, property
owned by the United States.
Second. — The expense of all sewers,
cesspools, manholes, culverts and
drains, and of all grading, planking,
macadamizing, paving, piling and cap
ping any street, or portion thereof, and
of all curbs thereon, and of all work
done on sidewalks, shall be assessed
upon the lands within the block or
blocks adjacent thereto as herein pro
vided, except where by an assessment
district it may be provided otherwise.
Third.— The expense of all work on
such portion of any street required by
law to be kept in order by any person,
company, or corporation, having rail
road tracks thereon, shall be borne and
paid for by such person, company or
corporation, and shall be Included in
the assessment hereinbefore provided
for.
No assessment shall be levied upon
any property, -which, together with all
assessments for street improvements
that may have been levied upon the
same property during the year next
preceding, will amount to a sum great
er than fifty per centum of the value
at which said property was assessed
upon the last preceding Assessment
Book of the City and County.
Sec. 9. Subdivision One — Except
where the expense incurred for the
street work and improvement author
ized herein is to be assessed upon a
district as hereinafter provided, such
expense, other than that to be paid
by a person, company or corporation
having tracks on the street where such
work and improvement has been done,
shall be assessed upon the lots and
lands fronting thereon, except as here
inafter specifically provided; each lot
or portion of a lot being separately as
sessed in proportion to the frontage at
a rate per front foot sufficient to cover
the total expense of the work.
Subdivision Two — The expense of all
improvement except such as is done by
contractors under the provisions of sec
tion sixteen of this Chapter, until the
streets, avenues, street crossings, lanes,
alleys, places, or courts are finally ac
cepted, as provided in section twenty
three of this Chapter, shall be assessed
upon the lots and lands as provided in
this section according to the nature
and character of the work.
Subdivision Three— The expense of
the work done on main street cross
ings shall be assessed at a uniform
rate per front foot on the quarter
blocks and irregular blocks adjoining
and cornering upon the crossings, and
separately upon the whole of each lot
or portion of a lot having any front
age in the said blocks fronting on said
main streets, half way to the next main
street crossing, and all the way on
said blocks to a boundary' line of the
city where no such crossing intervenes,
but only according to its frontage in
said quarter blocks and irregular
blocks.
Subdivision Four — Where a main
street terminates in another main
street, the expense of the work done
on one-half of the width of the street
opposite the termination shall be as
sessed upon the lots in each of the two
quarter blocks adjoining and corner
ing on the same, according to the front
age of such lots on said main street,
and the expense of the other half of the
width of said street upon the lot or lots
fronting on the latter half of the street
at such termination.
Subdivision Five— Where any alley
or subdivision street crosses a main
street, the expense of all work done on
said crossing shall be assessed on all
lots or portions of lots half way on said
alley or subdivision street to the nc. v t
crossing or intersection, or to the end
of such alley or subdivision street if it
does not meet another.
Subdivision Six— The expense of work
done on alley or subdivision street
crossings shall be assessed upon the
lots fronting upon such alley or subdi
vision streets on each side thereof, in
all directions, half way to the next
street, place, or court, on either side,
respectively, or to the end of such al
ley or subdivision street, if it does not
meet another.
Subdivision Seven— Where a subdivis
ion street, avenue, lane, alley, place, or
court, terminates in another street,
avenue, lane, alley, place, or court, the
expense of the work done on one-half
the width of the subdivision street,
avenue, alley, place, or court opposite
the termination, shall be assessed upon
the lot or lots fronting on such subdi
vision street or avenue, lane, alley,
place, or court so terminating, accord
ing to its frontage thereon, half-way
on each side, respectively, to the next
street, avenue, lane, alley, court, or
place, or the end of such street, avenue,
lane, alley, place, or court, if it does
not meet another, and the other one
half of the width upon the lots fronting
such termination.
Subdivision Eight— Where any work
mentioned in this Chapter, manholes,
cesspools, culverts, crosswalks, piling
and capping excepted, is done on either
or both sides of the center line of any
street for one block* or less, and fur
ther work opposite to the work of the
same class already done is ordered to
be done to complete the unimproved
portion of said street, the assessment
to cover the total expense of said work
so ordered shall be made upon the lots
or portions of the lots only fronting the
portions of the work so ordered. When
sewering or resewering is ordered to
be done under the sidewalk or only on
one side of a street for any length
thereof, the assessment for Its expense
shall be made only upon the lots and
lands fronting nearest upon that side,
and for intervening intersections only
upon the two quarter blocks adjoining
and cornering upon that side.
Subdivision Nine — Any owner or
owners of lots or lands fronting upon
any street, the width and grade of
which have been established by the
Supervisors, may perform at his .or
their own expense (after obtaining per
mission from the Board of Public Works
so to do, but before said Board has
passed its resolution of intention to
recommend grading Inclusive of this)
any grading upon said street, to its
full width, or to the centre line thereof,
and to its grade as then established,
and thereupon may procure, at his or
their own expense, a certificate from
the City Engineer setting forth the
number of cubic yards of cutting and
filling made by him or them in said
grading, and the proportions performed
by each owner, and that the same is
done to the establishedwidth and grade
of said street, or to the centre line
thereof, and thereafter may file said
certificate in the office of the Board.
Said certificate shall be recorded in a
properly indexed book kept for that
purpose In the office of the Board.
Whenever thereafter the Supervisors
order the grading of said street, or any
portion thereof, on which any grading
certified as aforesaid has been done,
the bids and contract must express the
price by the cubic yard for cutting and
filling in grading, and such owner or
owners, and his or their successors In
interest, shall be entitled to credit on the
assessment upon his or their lots and
lands fronting on said street for grad
ing thereof, to the amount of the cu
bic yards of cutting and filling set
forth in his or their said certificate, at
the prices named In the contract for
said cutting and filling; or, If the grade
meanwhile has been legally changed,
only for so much of said certified work
as would be required for grading to the
grade as changed. Such owner or
owners shall not be entitled to any
credit that may be in excess of the as
sessments for grading upon the lots
and land owned by him or them, and
proportionately assessed for the whole
of said grading. The Board shall in
clude in the assessment for the whole
of said grading upon the same grade
the number of cubic yards of cutting
and filling set forth In any and all cer
tificates so recorded In his office, or for
the whole of said grading to the
changed grade so much of said certi
fied work as would be required for
grading thereto, and. gbaji eater corre
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
j spondlng credits, deducting the same
| as payments upon the amounts assessed
' against the lota and lands owned re
j spectively by said certified owners and
! their successors in interest; but he
shall not include any grading quanti
! ties or credit any sums in excess of the
i proportionate assessments for the
! whole of the grading which are made
I upon any lots and lands fronting upon
said street and belonging to any such
! certified owners or their successors in
j interest. When any owner or owner 3
| of any lots and lands fronting on any
| street shall have heretofore done, or
shall hereafter do any work, except
grading, on such street, in front of any
i block, at hla or their own expense, and
the Supervisors shall subsequently or
' der any work to be done of the same
| class in front of tho same block, the
i work so done at the expense of such
owner or owners shall be excepted
from the order ordering work to be
done, as provided in subdivision ten of
j this section; but the work so done at
j the expense of such owner or owners
; shall be upon the official grade, and in
: condition satisfactory to the Board of
| Public Works at the time said order is
j passed.
Subdivision Ten— The Board of Pub
lic Works may include in the resolu
tion of intention any of the different
kinds of work mentioned in this Chap
ter, and it may except therefrom any
of said work already done upon the
street to the official grade. The lots
and portions of lots fronting upon said
accepted work already done Bhall not
be included in the frontage assessment
for the class of work from which the
exception is made; but this shall not
be construed so as to affect the special
provisions as to grading contained in
subdivision nine of this section.
Subdivision Eleven— When the reso
lution of intention declares that the
expense of the work and improvement
is to be assessed upon a district, im
mediately after the contractor has ful
filled his contract to the satisfaction
of the Board of Public Works, or to
the satisfaction of the Supervisors on
appeal, the Board of Public Works
shall proceed to estimate upon the
lands, lots, or portions of lots within
said assessment district, as shown by
the diagram provided for in section five
of this Chapter, the benefits arising
from such work, and to be received
by each such lot, portion of such lot,
piece or subdivision of land, and
shall thereupon assess upon and
against said lands in said assessment
district the total amount of the ex
pense of such proposed work, and in
so doing shall assess said total sum
upon the several pieces, parcels, lots,
or portions of lots, and subdivisions of
land in said district benefited thereby,
to wit: Upon each respectively in
proportion to the estimated benefits
to be received by each of said several
lots, portions of lots, or subdivisions of
land. In other respects the assessment
shall be as provided in this Chapter.
Sec. 10. If at any time there shall be
any street work or improvement done,
and none of the methods hereinbefore
provided are legally sufficient to au
thorize the Board of Public Works to
make an assessment to pay for the ex
pense thereof, then said Board shall,
before it passes a resolution of its in
tention to recommend the ordering of
said work or improvement, establish
by resolution a method by means of
which such assessment shall be made;
and on the completion of the work or
improvement to the satisfaction of said
Board, or to the satisfaction of the
Supervisors on appeal, said Board shall
make an assessment to pay the ex
pense thereof according to the method
established by said resolution.
Sec. 11. In making all assessments
the Board of Public Works shall act
as a Board, and the assessment shall
be authenticated by the signatures of
all the members thereof.
Sec. 12. To said assessment shall be
attached a warrant which shall be
signed by the President of the Board
of Public Works and countersigned by
the Secretary thereof. Said warrant
shall be substantially in the following
form:
By virtue hereof the Board of Pub
lic Works of the City and County of
San Francisco, by the authority vested
in it, does authorize and empower j
(name of contractor) (his or their) i
agents, or assigns, to demand and re- I
ceive the several assessments upon the
assessment and diagram hereto at- ;
tached, and this shall be (his or their) !
warrant for the same.
(Date) . (Name of President of
Board of Public Works.)
Countersigned by (Name of Secre
tary of Board of Public Works.)
Said warrant, assessment and dia
gram shall be recorded in the office of
the Board. When so recorded the sev- i
eral amounts assessed shall b-* a lien J
upon the lands, lots, or portions of lots
assessed, respectively for the period or
two years from the date of said record- ;
Ing, unless sooner discharged; and
from and after the date of said record- i
lncr of any warrant, assessment find
diagram, all persons interested In said
a«sf osment shall be deemed to have no- j
tice <-f the contents of the record ■
the-if-ct.
After said warrant, assessment and j
diagram are recorded, the same shall i
hi "delivered to the contractor, or his j
agent or assigns, on demand, but not
'until after the payment to the Board
of the- incidental expenses not previ- i
ously paid by the contractor or his as- i
signs. By virtue of said warrant said |
con ti actor, or his agents or assigns,
shall be authorized to demand and re
ceive the amount of the several assess- j
ments made to cover the sum dao for I
the work specified in such contracts [
and assessments.
When it shall appear by the final
judgment of any court In this State
having jurisdiction to render such judg- j
ment, that any suit brought to foreclose |
the her. of any assessment for street
work made under this Chapter, or in
the recording thereof, has been defeated
by reason of any defect, error, infor
mality, omission, irregularity, or il!e
ga'ity, thereof or therein, or in the re
turn on the warrant issued pursuant to
any such assessment, or in the record-
Ing of any such warrant, any person in- j
terosted therein may, at any time with- j
hi teven months after the entry of said j
final judgment, apply to tho Board for
Brother assessment to be Issued In con
formity to law; and the Board shall, I
within sixty days after the time of
s.-iid application, make an.i deliver to
said applicant a new assessmam, dia
gram and warrant in accordance with
law, and sign, record and authenticate
the same as above provided. Such as
sessment shall be a Hen upon the lots
of land set out therein for the period of
two years from the date of Its record
ing, and suit may be brought to enforce
said Hen as provided In this Chapter.
Should such final judgment be that of
the Superior Court for the City and
County and an apneal therefrom to the
Supreme Court of the State has been
taken, no such other assessment shall
be made until said appeal has been de
termined.
, Sec. 13. The contractor or his as
signs, or some person on his or their
behalf, shall call upon the persons as
sessed, or their agents, if they can con
veniently be found, and demand pay
ment of the amount assessed to each.
If any payment be made, the contrac
tor, his assigns, or some person on his
or their ; behalf, shall receipt the same
upon the assessment in '! the presence
of the person making such " payment,
and shall also give a receipt if demand
ed. ,When the persons so assessed, ■or
their agents, ; cannot conveniently.be
found or when the owner of the lot Is
stated as "unknown" upon ■ the assess
ment, then : said '■ contractor jor * his ; as
signs, or some person on ' his ; or I their
behalf, shall publicly ; demand payment
on the premises assessed. :.
The warrant shall be returned to the
Board of ■ Public Works within ":■■: thirty
days after. Its date with a return Indors
ed thereon, signed by the " contractor or
his assigns, or some ; person on his or
their behalf ,% verified ■ upon . oath, stat
ing the nature and character of the de
mand, and whether, any of the 1 assess
ments remaia unpaid la whole or ;in
part, and the amount thereof. There
upon the Secretary of the Board shall
record the return so made In the mar
gin of the record of the warrant and
assessment.
The Board can at any time receive
the amount due upon any assessment
and warrant issued by it and give a
good and sufficient discharge therefor;
but no such payment so made after
suit has been commenced shall operate,
without the consent of the plaintiff in
the action, as a complete discharge of
the Hen until the cos<s in the action
shall be refunded to the plaintiff.
The Board may release any assess
ment upon the books of its office on
the payment to it of the amount of the
assessment with Interest against any
lot or on the producti</n to it of the
receipt of the party or his assigns to
whom the assessment and warrant
were issued. If any contractor shall
fail to return his warrant within the
time and in the form provided In this
section he shall thenceforth have no
lien upon the property assessed; but if
any warrant is lost, upon proof of such
loss a duplicate may be issued, upon
which a return may be made with the
same effect as if the original had been
so returned. After the return of the
assessment and warrant as aforesaid,
all amounts remaining due thereon
shall draw interest at the rate of seven
per centum per annum until paid.
Sec. 14. The owners, whether named
In the assessment or not, the contrac
tor or his assigns, and all other per
sons directly interested in any work
prorvided for in this Chapter, or in the
assessment, feeling aggrieved by any
act or determination of the Board of
Public Worka In relation thereto, or
who claim that the work has not been
performed according to the contract in
a good and substantial manner, or
having or making any objection to the
correctness or legality of the assess
ment or other act, determination, or
proceedings of the Board, shall, within
thirty days after the date of the war
rant, appeal to the Supervisors, by
briefly stating their objections In writ-
Ing and filing the same with the Clerk
of the Supervisors. Notice of the time
and place of the hearing, briefly re
ferring to the work contracted to be
done, or other subject of appeal, and
to the acts, determinations or proceed
ings objected to or complained of, shall
be published for five days. Upon such
appeal the Supervisors may remedy
and correct any error or Informality
In the proceedings, and revise and cor- \
rect any of the acts or determinations
of the Board relative to said work,
may confirm, amend, set aside, alter,
modify or correct the assessment in
such manner as to them shall seem
Just; and require the work to be com- i
pleted according to the directions of |
the Supervisors, and may at their op- i
tion direct the Board of Public Works
to correct the warrant, assessment or
diagram in any particular, or to make ,
and issue a new warrant, assessment |
and diagram to conform to the dcci- i
slons of the Supervisors In relation j
thereto.
All the decisions ami determinations j
of the Supervisors, upon notice and
hearing as aforesaid, shall be final and ;
conclusive upon all persons entitled to j
appeal under the provisions of this
section, as to all errors, informalities
and Irregularities, whkh the Supervis- ;
ors might have remedied and avoided;
and no assessment shall be held In- \
valid, except upon appeal to the Su- j
pervisors, as provided in this section, j
for any error, informality or other j
defect In the proceedings prior to the j
assessment, or in the assessment It- j
self, where the Board of Public Works
has acquired Jurisdiction to make the j
same.
Sec. 15. At any time nfter the period
of thirty-five days from the day of the j
date of the warrant, or If an appeal i
has been taken to th^ Supervisors, then, j
at any time after five days from the |
decision of the Supervisors on such ap- i
peal, or after the return on the war- j
rant, after the same may have been ;
correct? ri". altered or modified, as h»ro-
In provided, but not less than within
thirty-five days from the date of the !
warrant, the contractor or his assignee
may sue In his own name the owner or
the mortgagee of the land, lots, or por- :
tlons of lots assessed on the day of I
the date of the recording of the war- \
rant, assessment and diagram, or any !
day thereafter during the continuance |
of the Hen of said assessment, and re- \
cover the amount of any assessment i
remaining unpaid, with interest there- I
on at the rate of seven per centum per ;
annum until paid.
In all cases of recovery under the I
provisions of this Chapter the plain- I
tiff shall recover the sum of fifteen dol- j
lars in addition to the taxable costs,
as attorney's fees, but not any percent- i
age upon said recovery. When suit has
been brought, after a personal demand j
has been made and a refusal to pay j
such assessment so demanded, the
plaintiff shall also be entitled to have
and recover said sum of fifteen dollars
as attorney's fees in addition to all tax
able costs, notwithstanding that the
suit may be settled or a tender be
made before a recovery in said action,
and he may have judgment therefor.
Said warrant, assessment and dia
gram, with the affidavit of demand and
non-payment, shall be held prima facie
evidence of the regularity and correct
ness of the assessment and of the prior
proceedings and acts of the Board of
Public Works and of the Supervisors
upon which said warrant, assessment
and diagram are based, andlikeevidence
of the riprht of the plaintiff to recover In
the action. The Court in which said suit
shall be commenced shall have power
to adjudge and decree a Hen against
the lots of land assessed, and to order
such premises to be sold on execution
as in other cases of the sale of real
estate by the process of said Courts.
In all actions brought to enforce the
lien of assessments made pursuant to
the provisions of this Chapter the pro
ceedings therein shall be governed and
regulated by the provisions of this
Chapter, and. -when not in conflict here
with, by the Codes of this State.
Sec. 16. When any portion of tho
roadway of any street, avenue, lane, al
ley, court or place, or any portion of
any sidewalk, in the City and County,
none of which has b»en accepted by the
Supervisors as in this Chapter provided,
shall be so out of repair as to endanger
persons or property passing thereon, or
so as to Interfere with the public con
venience in the use thereof, the Board
of Public Works shall require the own
ers or occupants of lots or portions of
lots fronting on said portion of said
street, avenue, alley, lane, court or
place, by a notice in writing, to be de
livered to them or their agents, per
sonally, to repair forthwith said por
tion of said street, avenue, lane, alley,
court or place, to the center line there
of, in front of the property of which
he is the owner or tenant, or occupant.
The Board shall particularly specify
In snld notice what work is required to
be done and what material shall be
used in said repairs. If said repairs be
not begun within five days after notice
given as aforesaid, and diligently and
without interruption prosecuted to
completion, the Board may make such
repairs, or enter Into a contract with
any suitable person, at the expense of
the owner, tenant, or occupant, after
the specifications for the (loins- of said
work shall have been conspicuously
posted by It In it? office for three days.
Inviting bids for the doling of said work.
Said bids shall be delivered to it at Its
office on or before the second day after
the completion of said posting and
opened by it on the next day follow
ing: whereupon the contract shall be
awarded to the lowest responsible bid
der.
All of said bids shall be preserved In
the office of the Board, and shall be
onen at all times after the letting: of
tho contract to the Inspection of all
persons: nnd snch owner, tenant, or oc
cupant, shall br> liable to pay said con
tract price. Such work shall be com
menced within twenty-four hours af
ter the contract shall have been signed,
and completed without delay to the sat
isfaction of the Board. Upon the com
pletion of such repairs by the con
tractor as aforesaid to the satisfaction
c-f the Board, it shall make and de
liver to the contractor a certificate to
the effect that such repairs have been
properly made by said contractor to
the grade, and that the charges for the
same are reasonable and just, and that
the Board of Public Works has ac
cepted the same.
Sec. 17. If the expense of the work
and material for the repairs provided for
in the last preceding section be noipald
on demand to the contractor so em
ployed, or his agent or assignee, said
contractor, or his assignee, shall have
the right to sue such owner, tenant, or
occupant for the amount contracted to
be paid; and the certificate provided
for In said section shall be prlma facie
evidence of the amount claimed for
said work and materials, and of the
right of the contractor to recover for
the same in such action. Said certifi
cate shall be recorded by the Board of
Public Works in a book kept by It In
the office for that purpose, properly in
dexed, and the sum contracted .to be
paid shall be a lien as in case of* other
assessments provided for In this chap
ter.
Sec. 18. In addition to the remedies
above given the Supervisors may pre
scribe the penalties that shall be in
curred by any owner or person ne
glecting or refusing to make re
pairs when required, as hereinbefore
provided. Such penalty shall be en
forced for the use of the City and
County by prosecution in the name of
the People of the State of California
In the Court having Jurisdiction there
of, and may be applied in the case of
fines, to the payment of expense of any
such repairs not otherwise provided
for..
Sec. 19. The person owning the fee, or
the mortgagee of such fee, or the per
son who, on the day the action is com
menced, appears by deed duly recorded
in the County Recorder's office of the
City and County, to have the legal title
to the land, or the person In possession
of lands, lots, portion of lots or build
ings under claim, or exercising acts of
ownership over the same for himself,
or as executor, administrator or guar
dian of the owner, shall be regarded,
treated and deemed to be the '"owner"
for all the purposes of this Chapter.
And in case of property leased, the
possession of the tenant or lessee hold-
Ing and occupying under such persons
shall be deemed to be the possession of
such owner. •
Sec. 20. Any tenant or lessee of any
lot of land on which has been imposed
an assessment under the provisions of
this Chapter may pay said assessment,
or he may discharge any liability im
posed thereon by virtue of the provis
ions of this Chapter, or he may redeem
the property within the time prescribed
by law, if legally sold on execution, and
may deduct the amount so paid from
the rents due and to become due from
him; and he shall have a lien upon, and
may retain posse-sion of, said lots un
til the amount so paid and advanced,
with legal interest thereon, be satisfied
from accruing rents or by payment by
the owner.
Sec. 21. The records kept by the
Board of Public Works shall have the
same force and effect as other public
records, and duly certified copies
therefrom may be used in evidence
with the same effect as the originals.
Said records shall, during all office
hours, be open, free of charge, to the
inspection of any citizen wishing to
examine them.
Sec. 22. Notices in writing required to
be given by the Board may be served
by any person over the age of twenty
one years, and the fact of such service
may be verified by the oath of the per
son making it. Such oath may be
taken before the Secretary of said
Board or b fore any member thereof.
Sec. 23. When any street or portion
of a street has been or shall hereafter
be fully constructed to the satisfaction
of the Board of Public Works and of
the Supervisors, and is in good condi
tion throughout, and a sewer, gas pipes,
and water pipes are properly laid
therein, tho same shall bp ac-ppted hv
the Supervisor by ordinance; and
thereafter such street or portion of a
street shall be kept in repair and im
proved by the City and County. The
Supervisors shall not accept any por
tion of a street less than the entire
width of the roadway including the
curbing, and one block in length, orone
entire crossing; but they may partly
or conditionally accept any street.with
out a sewer or gas pipes or water pipes
therein, if the ordinance of acceptance
expressly states that they deem such
sewer, or gas pipes or water pipes to be
then unnecessary. In such case the lots
of land previously or at any time as
sessable for the cost of constructing a
sewer shall remain and be assessable
for such cost and for the cost of re
pairs and restoration of the street
damaged in said construction, when
ever the Supervisors shall deem a
sewer to be necessary and shall order
it to be constructed. The Board of
Public Works shall keep in its office a
register of all streets accepted by the
Supervisors under this section, which
register shall be indexed for easy ref
erence thereto.
Sec. 24. The Board of Public Works
may at any time, ■without any applica
tion therefor, recommend to the Sup
ervisors to order the paving or mac
adamizing of the portion of any street
required by law to be paved or mac
adamized by the person, company or
corporation having railroad tracks
thereon. Upon such recommendation
the Supervisors shall by ordinance or
der said work to be done and direct said
Board to notify said person, company,
or corporation of the fact of the pas
sage of such ordinance.
The Secretary of said Board shall
thereupon forthwith in writing notify
said person, company or corporation
of the passage of said ordinance; and
if said person, company or corpora
tion shall not within ten days after re
ceiving said notice commence in good
faith to do said work and prosecute
the same diligently to completion, the
Board shall invite sealed proposals for
doing said work in the manner provid
ed in this Article; and all the provis
ions of this Article in regard to such
proposals, to the awarding of con
tracts, to the execution of contracts,
and to the doing of public work, shall
apply to all similar proceedings taken
under this section. On the completion
of the work to the satisfaction of the
Board the contractor shall be entitled
to recover from such person, company
or corporation the contract price for
the expense of said work, together
with incidental expenses, in an action
instituted in a Court of competent ju
risdiction. On the trial of such action,
the certificate of the Board of the com
pletion of said work to its satisfaction
shall be prima focie evidence of the
regularity of all the proceedings prior
thereto and of plaintiff's right to re
cover in said action.
Sec. 25. Except as otherwise In this
Chapter specifically provided, no or
dinance for the improvement of any
street other than for sewers, sidewalks
and curbs, except for the improvement
of the streets constituting or lying
along the water front of the City and
County, and except for such work as is
provided for in the next preceding sec
tion, shall be passed by the Supervis
ors without extending said improve
ment throughout the whole width of
such street.
Sec. 26. Wherever in this Article the
word "street" occurs, it shall be held to
Include all streets, lanes, alleys, places
and courts which have been, or may be
hereafter, dedicated and open to public
use, and whose grade and width have
been legally established; and the grade
of all Intermediate or intersecting
streets in any one block shall be deemed
to conform to the grades as established
at the crossings of the main streets.
The word "improvement" shall be
held to include grading, paving, plank
ing, macadamizing,, piling and capping;
and the construction and repairs of
sewers, cesspools, manholes, culverts,
drains, sidewalks and curbs.
The term "main street" shall mean
such street or streets as bound a
block, and the term "street" shall In
clude crossing.
The word "block" shall mean the
blocks known or designated as such
upon the maps and books of the As
sessor.
The term "quarter block," as used In
this Chapter as to Irregular blocks,
shall be deemed to Include all lots or
portions of lots, having any frontage
on either intersecting street half way
from such intersection to the next main
street, or, when no main street inter
venes, all the way to a boundary line
of the City and County.
The word "paved" shall include any
pavement of stone, iron, wood or other
material which the Supervisors may
by ordinance order to be used; but no
patented pavement shall be ordered
during the existence of the patent
therefor, until the owner of such pat
ent shall have transferred to the City
and County all right to the use of the
same therein, with the privilege to any
person to manufacture and lay the
same upon its streets under any con
tract that may be awarded to him, or
entered into by him with the City and
County.
The term "expense" shall include the
price at which the contract was award
ed, and the term "incidental expenses"
shall include all expenses incurred in
printing and advertising the work con
tracted for, and all expenses for sur
veying, measuring and inspecting the
work.
All notices and resolutions required
in this Article to be published shall be
published daily, legal holidays except
ed, in the official newspaper.
All notices herein required to be
served, whether by delivery, mailing
or posting, may be so served by any
male citizen of the age of twenty-one
years, and his affidavit thereof shall be
prima facie evidence of such service.
The affidavit by the publisher of the
official newspaper, or his clerk, of the
publication of any notice required in
this Article to be published, shall be
prima facie evidence of such publica
tion-
Sec. 27. When the owners of all the
lands fronting upon any street which is
less than forty feet in width, for the
entire distance of said street, or for the
distance of one or more entire blocks,
shall petition the Board of Public
Works that the said street, or that por
tion thereof upon which said lands
front, be closed, the Board may pass a
resolution recommending that the same
be closed. Before passing such resolu
tion the Board shall cause a notice of
the application to be published in the
official newspaper, and shall fix a time
and place at which it will consider the
same and hear objections thereto. Upon
such hearing it shall determine whether
it will recommend that the street' be
closed; and if it shall so determine, it
shall transmit such recommendation to
the Supervisors. Thereupon the Super
visors may pass an ordinance that the
street be closed; and the same shall not
thereafter be, or be deemed to be, a
public street, or subject to any public
expense or improvement; and the land
theretofore included within the road
way and sidewalks of said street shall
thereafter be the property of the City
and County. No such ordinance shall
be passed until the petitioners shall
have paid all the expenses of said pro
ceedings.
Sec. 28. In all cases where lands in
the City and County shall be hereafter
sub-divided and laid out into blocks or
plats, sub-lots, streets and alleys, or
when new streets or public grounds
shall be laid out, opened, donated or
granted to the public by any proprietor,
the map or plat thereof shall be sub
mitted to the Board of Public Works
for its approval, and if the Board ap
prove the same, such approval shall be
by it indorsed upon the said map or
plat, and said map with said approval
shall then be filed in the office of the
Recorder; and without such approval
indorsed thereon no such map or plat
shall be filed in the office of the Re
corder, or have any validity; nor shall
any street, alley, or public ground here
after opened and dedicated as such, be
come or be a public street or be subject
to any public improvement or expense
without such approval, indorsement
and record. No street hereafter laid
out shall be approved or become a pub
lic street unless the same shall be at
least forty feet in width and two hun
dred feet distant from any parallel
street.
Sec. 29. The Board shall annually in
vite proposals for cleaning and sprink
ling such of the streets of the City and
County as the Board shall determine
6hould be cleaned and sprinkled at the
public expense. Before causing notice
for such proposals to be published the
Board shall divide the City and County
into such number of districts as in its
judgment will best induce competition
for bids, and secure the cleaning and
sprinkling of the streets at the lowest
cost. The Secretary of the Board shall,
under its direction, on the first Monday
in May of each year, cause to be pub
lished for a period of ten days a notice
inviting proposals for cleaning and
sprinkling each of said districts speci
fying in said notice the streets of each
district which are to be cleaned and
sprinkled, the number of times a week
that they are to be cleaned and sprin
kled, and the amount of security to be
given with each contract. Bids shall
be made for each district separately.
All the provisions of this Article in re
lation to the making and opening of
bids, awarding of contracts and enter
ing into and performance of contracts,
shall be applicable to said contracts.
The Board may, at the time it in
vites proposals for said cleaning and
for said sprinkling, also invite propo
sals for said cleaning separately and
for said sprinkling separately, and may
award such contracts accordingly as
may be for the best interest of the City
and County.
The Board may also, with the consent
of the Supervisors expressed by ordin
ance, purchase one or more machines
for sweeping the streets, and may en
ter into contracts for sweeping the
streets with said machines; but the
Board must give the preference to
handsweeping so far as it can do so
with reference to the proper sweeping
of the streets and to the funds at its
disposal.
Sec. 30. The Board shall cause to be
made all urgent repairs upon the pub
lic streets that may from time to time
be requisite for the public safety, and
for that purpose may employ such la
borers as may be necessary, and at
such wages as may be from time to
time fixed by the Board; but when the
expense of the repairs upon any street
or portion of a street shall exceed the
sum of five hundred dollars, exclusive
of materials to be furnished from the
Corporation Store Yard, the same shall
be done under contract awarded in the
manner provided in this Article.
Sec. 31. The Board shall, from time
to time, after it shall have been direct
ed so to do by the Supervisors by or
dinance, invite proposals for supplying
to the City and County such materials
as may be required for the repair of
the public streets or for any improve
ment thereof, and such proceedings
shall be had in awarding the contracts
therefor as are in this Article provided
for awarding other contracts.
Sec. 32. The Supervisors shall select
some place in the City and County
which shall be known as the Corpora
tion Store Yard, wherein shall be kept
all supplies, material, implements and
machines belonging to the City and
County, to be used in repairing or clean
ing and sprinkling the streets, or for
any improvement thereon. The Board
of Public Works shall appoint a Store
keeper for said Yard, who shall
hold his office during its pleas
ure. He shall have the custody
of said Yard and of all the sup
plies, material and implements therein,
and shall keep books of account in
which shall be kept a systematic ac
count of all purchases, and of the re
ceipt of sunnlles and material under
any contracts awarded under the pro
visions of the preceding section and of
the delivery thereof, which books shall
at all times show the amount of said
material and supplies on hand . and in
store and when, to whom, arid for
what' purpose each article was .deliver
ed: He shall be responsible for all ma
terial and supplies in said Yard, and
shall not deliver any article except
upon the written order or requisition
of the President and Secretary ■of the
Board of Public Works, and he shall
take the written receipt, indorsed upon
said order, of each P erson .. .° nff wh " ra
any delivery is made, SP^'^S the
date of such delivery and the amount
and kind of material and supplies de
livered. For any deficiency in his ac
counts or for the delivery of any ar
ticle without such order or requisition
and receipt, he shall be liable upon his
official bond. All cobblestones, or stone
blocks or other material with which
any street or portion of a street may
have been paved or planked shall, It at
any time removed Tom said street,
be taken to said Yard, and there kept,
accounted for and disposed of by the
Storekeeper In the same manner as
other supplies.
CHAPTEB 111.
Opening, Straightening, Widening,
Extending and Changing the
Grade of Streets.
SECTION 1. When an application
shall be made to the Board of Public
Works for the straightening, widening
or extending of any street, or for the
laying out, establishing or opening or
a new street. signed by the
owners of a majority of the
frontage of the lands upon the line
of said street, or proposed street, ana
such improvement requires the con
demnation of private property, and the
Board shall by resolution determine
that the improvement would be of pub
lic benefit, it shall make an estimate
of the expense of such improvement,
and determine by resolution the district
which will be affected by, and should
be assessed for, the expense of such im
provement. No proceedings shall b«^
had upon the filing of such petition un- 7
ti' after the persons signing the same
shall have deposited with the Secretary
of the Board an amount of money
which, as may be determined by the
Board, will be sufficient to defray all
the expense that may be incurred in
case the Supervisors shall not pass an
ordinance for said improvement.
Sec. 2. If within three months after
the passage of the resolution determin-
I ing such district, a majority of the
I owners of the land within said district
| who shall also be the owners of two
! thirds of the superficial square feet of
i the property included within said dis
! trict, and of three-fourths In value of
! said property— including improvements
I thereon— estimating said value accord
ing to the last preceding Assessment
Book of the City and County, shall
' present to the Board a petition for said,
! improvement, verified by their oaths
I and describing the lands of which they
are the owners, and showing the
amount at which the same was as
! sessed upon the last preceding Assess
i ment Book of the City and County, and
stating that they are the owners and
I in possession of the lands named in said
I petition, the Board shall pass a reso
i lution of its intention to recommend
such improvement to the Supervisors,
and shall in such resolution specify a
day upon which it will hear any ob
jections that may be made to such im
provement.
Before passing such resolution of in
tention, the Board shall cause to be
prepared a map or diagram of the dis-
I trict affected by and to be assessed for
the expense of such improvement, upon,
which shall be delineated the several
| lots of land upon which said assess
ment is to be levied, and also the lota
; of land which are to be taken for such \
j improvement, and showing the name of J
j the person to whom the said lots were
! assessed upon the last Assessment Boole
| of the City and County, together with
j the amounts of such assessments.
Sec. 3. The Secretary of the Board
shall thereupon cause said resolutioa
of intention to be published for a pe
riod of thirty days, non-judicial days
excepted, and shall also cause a copy
of said resolution to be deposited, post
age prepaid, in the Post Office at the
City and County, addressed to each
person whose name is delineated upon,
said map, at least ten days before the
day named for hearing objections
thereto.
Sec 4. At any time before the day
fixed in Buch resolution for hearing ob
jections to such improvement, any per
son interested therein may file with the
Secretary of the Board his objections
thereto, briefly stating the grounds
thereof and the nature of his interest;
and upon the day fixed for hearing the
same, or some day to which the hear
ing thereof shall then be postponed,
the Board shall proceed to hear and
determine the sufficiency of any objec
tions which may have been filed.
Sec. 5. If the Board shall determine
that such objections are sufficient to
prevent a recommendation of" the im
provement, it shall pass a resolution to
that effect, and no further proceedings
shall be had under said petition. If
no objections have been filed, or If the
Board shall determine that the objec
tions filed are insufficient, It may pass
a resolution recommending to the Su
pervisors said improvement, and in its
recommendation shall specially report
to the Supervisors whether in its opin
ion the land within the district speci
fied as affected by said improvement
will be benefited to the extent of the
expense of said improvement.
Sec. 6. If the Board shall pass a
resolution recommending said improve
ment, the Secretary shall forthwith
transmit to the Clerk of the Supervis
ors a copy of said resolution, together
with the petition, map, estimate of the
expense of said improvement, and any
objections that may have been filed.**
and the Supervisors shall at their first
regular meeting thereafter, or at any
meeting to which said hearing may
have been adjourned, pass upon said
recommendation, and may by resolu
tion adopt or reject the same. If said
recommendation is rejected no further
action shall be had thereon or upon
said petition. If the Supervisors shall
adopt said recommendation, they shall
within thirty days thereafter pass an
ordinance providing for said improve
ment, and may in said ordinance pre
scribe such rules for the conduct of the
Board of Public Works respecting the
assessment and valuation to be mads
by said Board, and providing for the
condemnation of said lands, and the
collection of said assessment, in addi
tion to, and not inconsistent with, the
rules herein prescribed, as to said Su
pervisors shall seem expedient. Upon
the passage of said ordinance the Cleric
of the Supervisors shall transmit a cer
tified copy thereof to the Board of Publio
Works.
Sec. 7. Upon the receipt by the
Board of a certified copy of said ordi
nance the Board shall cause to be
made an accurate survey of the con
templated improvement, and a map
thereof, upon which shall be deline
ated each and every lot of land to be
taken or appropriated for the purposes
of the intended improvement, showine
its extent in feet and inches, and also
each and every lot of land within the
district determined to be affected by
and which is to be assessed for, the
cost and expense of said improvement
After satd survey and map are made*
the Board shall pass a resolution fix
ing a day on or after which it will pro
ceed to value the several lots of land
to be taken for the purpose of the in
tended improvement, and ascertain
and determine the damages and bene
fits which may result therefrom
The Secretary of the Board ' shall
cause said resolution to be published
for a period of ten days before the day
fixed in said resolution for proceeding:
to make said valuation.
In estimating the damage to any lot '
by reason of any portion of said lot
having been taken for public use. as
herein provided, the measure of dam
age to said lot shall be the difference
at the time of said appropriation be-tween the value of said lot In Its en
tirety and its value as reduced in size
by the appropriation of a part thereof j
to Bald public use. The expense of the '
improvement shall include the value
of the land taken, with the improve- ;
ments if any. thereon, and the expense ;
of the proceedings for its appropriation ;
or condemnation.
Sec. 8. On the day named in said
notice and upon such other days as the
matter may be continued to, from time
to time, the Board shall proceed to
value the several parcels of land nec
essary to be taken for the purpose of
the Intended Improvement. Such value
■hall be ascertained as of the time of ,
said Inquiry, independently of any ap
preciation or depreciation that may be
caused to the same by reason of such
intended improvement, and the Board
fchall fix such valuation as the amount
to be given to the owners therefor.
The Board shall also assess the bene
fits and damages which may result
from the contemplated Improvement
of the lands within SRld district, and
shall distribute the total value of all
the lands and improvements taken, to
gether with the damages, if any,
caused by said improvement to the ad
jacent lands, and the estimated cost
-xpense of said improvement, in
the form of an assessment upon each
and every lot of land within the dis
trict determined to be affected by Bald
improvement in proportion to the ben
efits which the Board shall determine
will be received by said lots and lands.
Sec 8. The meetings of the Board,
when engaged in making said valua
tion ar.d assessment, shall be public
and held at the office of the Board, and
all persons interested in such valua
tion and assessment shall have the
right to be present and be heard in
person or by counsel. All persons
Calming any interest In the lands to
be taken for said Improvement, or that
will be damaged thereby, are required
at or during such hearing, to file with
the Board, plats, and a aescrlption of
their respective lots of land.
Sec 10. In making said assessment
and valuation the Commissioners shall
act as a Board, and said assessment
ar.d valuation shall be authenticated
by the signatures of said Commission
ers, and every assessment and valua
tion so authenticated and recorded in
the Book of Assessments for Condem
nation shall be prima facie evidence
of the correctness and regularity of all
the proceedings of said Board and of
the Supervisors prior to the date of
such record.
Sec. 11. In determining the valuation
of the property which is taken for said
Improvement the Board shall in its re
port set forth, under appropriate head
ings, a brief description of each lot
thereof, the amount allowed for the
same, the name of the owner of each
lot, when known (and if unknown, that
fact shall be stated), and the name of
any claimant thereto, or to any inter
est therein; and in making the assess
ment for the expense of said improve
ment the Board shall set forth in the
assessment, under appropriate head
ings, a brief description of each lot
assessed, the amount assessed against
the same, the person to whom said
property was assessed upon the next
preceding Assessment Bonk of the City
and County, the owner thereof, if
known (and if unknown, that fact shall
be stated), and the total amount of the
expense of said Improvement.
Sec 12. Upon the completion of said
valuation and assessment, the Board
shall cause to be published for ten days
a notice of the completion of said as
sessment and valuation, notifying all
parties therein to examine the same;
and for that purpose said assessment,
valuation and map shall be opened
and exhibited to public Inspection at
the office of the Board for thirty days
after the first publication of said no
tice. During said period of thirty
days, but not thereafter, the Board
may alter, change or modify said as
sessment. Upon the expiration of said
thirty days it shall complete the same
In the torrn of a report and schedule,
embracing the value of the lands taken
and the assessment of said value, to
other with the expense of the im
-ment, as hereinbefore provided,
upon the several lots of land embraced
within the aforesaid district. Said re
port and schedule shall, within Bixty
days after the first publication of the
last mentioned notice, be filed in the
office of the County ClerK, together
with a petition signed by the President
of said Board, to the Superior Court,
praying for a Judgment of said Court
confirming the assessment contained
therein against the respective lots
therein described as assessed, and for
the condemnation and conveyance to
the City and County, upon the payment
of the Vixlue thereof as ascertained by
said report, of each of the lots of land
eHeped in said petition to be necessary
to be taken for said improvement.
Sec. 13. On filing such petition, and
upon application to said Court, the
Presiding Judge thereof shall appoint
some day, not less than ten nor more
than thirty days thereafter, as the
time when any objections to the con
firmation of said report will be heard
by said Court. The Clerk of said Court
ehall thereupon cause to be published
for ten days in the official newspaper,
a notice of the filing of said report and
of the day assigned for the hearing of
any objections that may be made there
to. Any party interested therein may
at any time before the day assigned for
the hearing thereof file in said Court
his objections in writing to the confirm
ation of the same, specifying his objec
tions; and all objections not specified
shall be deemed waived. Upon the day
fixed in said order said Court shall pro
ceed to the hearing of any objections
that may have been filed to the con
firmation of said report. Upon proof of
publication of said notice eaid Court
shall have and take jurisdiction of said
report and of the subject matter
thereof as a special proceeding; and
upon said day and at any other time
or times to which said hearing may be
adjourned may hear the allegations of
the parties and proofs adduced in sup
port of the same, and may confirm said
report, or change, alter or modify the
same, or cause the same to be changed,
altered or modified by said Board. Said
Judgment of confirmation shall be a
Hen upon each lot of land described in
said report for the amount assessed
ucainst the same, and shall provide for
the conveyance to the City and County
of each and every of the lots of land
declared necessary for the purpose of
said improvement, upon the payment of
the value thereof as fixed by such
judgment. Paid lien shall remain in
force until said assessment is paid or
legally discharged.
Bee. 14. Any person who has filed
objections to the confirmation of said
report may appeal from said judgment
to the Supreme Court at any time with
in Thirty days after the entry of such
Judgment. The amount of the under
taking on such appeal shall be fixed by
said Presiding Judge, and such under
e; shall be made payable to the
mi County. For the purposes of
appeal the Judgment roll of the
; TMcr-f-dinga in the Superior Court shall
consist of the report, objections, Judg
ind bill of exceptions, or so much
thereof as may be necessary to deter
mine said appeal. Tf sal'l judgment he
reed or modified the Superior Court
f=ha4l take euch proceedings as will
cause Bald assessment and valuation
to he made in accordance with the de
< ision of the Supreme Court. The City
Attorney shall act as the attorney for
the Board of Public Works in proceed
ings under this Chapter.
Pec. 15. After the confirmation of
■aid report, if the time for appealing
has expired, or if an appeal has been
'liken and the judgment appealed from
has been affirmed, upon the application
of the Board of Public Works the Clerk
Of the Superior Court shall issue a cer
tifV.ite to that effort to said Board;
and snid assessment shall then be re
corded in the Book of Assessments for
Condemnation kept for that purpose,
and the record thereof signed by the
President and Secretary of said Board.
The Secretary nhall then deliver to the
Tax Collector the assessment so con
firmed and recorded, together wiyj eai4_
certificate of said Clerk, and a warrant
to the Tax Collector directing him to
collect the said asseusment. The Tax
Collector shall, If any part of said as
sessment is not paid within twenty
days after said assessment, certificate
and warrant shall have been delivered
to him, give notice in the official news
paper by ten days' publication therein
that he will, oa a day and time certain,
to be not more than ten days after the
expiration of said publication, sell such
of the lots of land on which the assess
ment thereon remains unpaid, describ
ing each of said lots so delinquent, to
gether with the amount of the assess
ment and costs due on each, and shall
include as part of said costs- five per
centum on the amount due on each as
sessment so delinquent, as and for the
expenses of said sale. He shall there
upon sell such lots pursuant to such
notice. Redemption may be made from
such sale within the time and In the
manner and on the terms as on sales
made under execution as provided in
the Code of Civil Procedure of this
State. If any amount remain
in the hands of the Tax Collector
as a result of the collection of said as
sessment beyond that necessary to
make the compensation provided for In
the next succeeding section, and to pay
the necessary' expennefl of «ald sale,
such surplus shall be paid by him pro
portionately to those whose land has
been sold as aforesaid.
Sec. 16. Upon the report of th« Tax
Collector to the Supervisors that the
amount of said assessment has been
collected and paid into the treasury,
the Supervisors shall order to be paid
out of the treasury the sums fixed in
said Judgment as the compensation for
the lands to be taken for said improve
ment; and upon the delivery to the
lisurer by any person entitled to re
e compensation for any lot of land
:aken, of a conveyance of said lot
and to the City and County, ap
*ed by the City Attorney, and a
iflcate from the City Attorney that
1 person Is entitled to the compen
on for the lands described in said
anveyance, the Treasurer shall pay to
said person the amount awarded for
said lot by said Judgment of condemna
tion, after the demand therefor has
been audited by the Auditor.
Sec. 17. If the owner of any of said
lots or sub-divisions neglect or refuse
for ten days to make and deliver such
conveyance, or be unable by reason of
Incapacity to make a good and suffi
cient conveyance thereof to the City
and County, or If the City Attorney
shall certify that the title to any of
said lots is in dispute or uncertain, or
that there are conflicting claimants to
the amount awarded as compensation
therefor, or to any part thereof, a war
rant upon the treasury for the payment
of the amount 60 awarded shall be by
order of the Supervisors drawn by th«
President and Secretary of the Board
of Public Works, together with a cer
tificate of the Treasurer indorsed
thereon that the said warrant has been
registered by him and that there ar«
funds in the treasury set apart to pay
the same, shall be deposited with the
County Clerk; and thereupon, upon n
petition to said presiding Judge by the
President of thesaid Board, setting forth
said facts, said Judge shall issue an
order ex parte directing the Sheriff to
place said Board in the possession of
said land.
Sec. 18. At any time thereafter any
claimant to said award, or any part
thereof, may file his petition in said
Superior Court against all parties in
interest for an adjudication of all con
flicting claims to the same, or for an
order that the same be paid to him,
and thereupon such proceedings shall
be had thereon as may be agreeable
to law and equity. Upon entry of final
Judgment in such proceeding, the
County Clerk shall, after said demand
has been audited by the Auditor, col
lect the warrant and pay the proceeds
to the person or persons named in said
Judgment as entitled thereto. It shall
be provided in said judgment that be
fore receiving the proceeds of said war
rant said party, or some one author
ized In his behalf, shall make and ex
ecute to said City and County and de
liver to the County Clerk a sufficient
conveyance of said lot of land. Im
mediately after taking possession of
the land required for said street, the
Board shall report that fact to the Su
pervisors.
Sec. 19. If any member of the Board
be interested in any of the land to be
taken or assessed for such improve
ment, the Mayor shall appoint, for the
purpose of making the said assess
ment and valuation only, some compe
tent person to act as one of the Com
missioners therefor, who shall possess
the Fame qualifications as are provided
for said Commissioners, and who, be
fore entering upon his duties, shall
take the oath of office required of said
Commissioners, and enter Into a bond
for such amount as may be fixed by the
Supervisors.
Sec. 20. The Supervisors may, on the
written recommendation of the Board
of Public Works, change the grade of
any street or street crossing in the
manner and to the grade set out in
such recommendation; but no grade
shall be changed unless the same pro
ceedings are taken by way of provid
ing compensation to those who may
suffer damage by such change of
grade, so far as such proceedings may
be applicable, as are hereinbefore pro
vided in the matter of opening,
straightening, widening and extending
streets; and where such proceedings
are not applicable they may be sup
plemented by ordinance of the Super
visors.
CHAPTEB IV. I :
Sewers and Drainage.
SECTION 1. The Board of Public
Works shall devise a general system
of drainage, which shall embrace all
matters relative to the thorough, sys
tematic and effectual drainage of the
City and County, and shall from time
to time make to the Supervisors such
recommendations upon the subject of
sewerage and drainage as it may deem
proper.
Sec. 2. The Board shall prescribe the
location, form and material to be used
in the construction, reconstruction and '
repairing of all public sewers, man
holes, sinks, drains, cesspools, and all
other appurtenances belonging to the
drainage system, and of every private
drain or sewer emptying into a public
sewer, and determine the place and
manner of the connection.
Sec. 3. The Hoard shall recommend
to the Supervisors rules and regula
tions concerning the public and private
sewers and drains in the City and
County, and upon recommendation of
said Board, the Supervisors are author
ized to pass an ordinance establishing
the same and prescribing the penalties
t(fr any violation thereof.
Sec. 4. No person shall connect with,
or open or penetrate any, public sewer
or drain without first obtaining a per
mit in writing from said Board, and
complying with the rules and regula
tions of the Board in reference thereto.
Sec. 5. The Board may also recom
mend to the Supervisors the construc
tion of such canals, sewers, tunnels,
ditches, drains, embankments, reser
voirs, pumping works, machinery and
other works necessary for the proper
and effectual drainage of the City and
County, together with plans for con
necting the same with sewers and pri
vate drains already constructed or
thereafter to be constructed. '
Sec. 6. The Supervisors may. upon
the recommendation of the Board of
Public Works, by ordinance passed by
not less than fourteen affirmative votes,
authorize the purchase of any personal
property or the acquisition by purchase
or condemnation of any real estate
which may be necessary for the con
struction of any sewer or the making of
any improvement provided for in this
Chapter.
Sec. 7. The Board may, with the like
approval of the Supervisors, agree with
the owners of any real estate, upon
which it- is deemed desirable jto con
jtruct any sewer, or other improvement
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
relative to sewerage or drainage, upon
the amount of damage to be paid to |
such owners for the purpose of such !
Improvement and for the perpetual use ■
of said real estate for said purpose.
Sec. 8. The Board may, when au
thorized by ordinance of the Supervis
on passed by not less than fourteeen
affirmative votes, construct such sew
ers, reservoirs and pumping works as
may be necessary to carry out the gen
eral system of sewerage for the City
and County. W ■:'
Sec. 9. When, upon the recommenda
tion of the Board of Public Works, the
Supervisors shall determine upon any
improvement for the purpose of sewer
age and drainage which necessitates
the acquisition or condemnation of pri
vate property, and the Board is unable
to agree with the owner thereof, upon
the amount of compensation or. dam
ages to be paid therefor, or when such
owner is in any way Incapable of mak
ing any agreement in reference thereto,
and in all cases in which the Board
shall deem It most expedient, it shall,
when authorized by the Supervisors ex
pressed by ordinance, have the right to
cause said property to be condemned,
and to Institute proceedings for the
condemnation of such property, or for
the ascertainment of such damages In
the manner, so far as may be applica
ble, which is provided in this Article for
the condemnation of real estate when
necessary for th« opening of any new
street.
CHAPTER V.
Harbors and Wharves.
SECTION L All the Wharves, Water
Front and Harbor of San Francisco
which now belong or may hereafter be
long to the City and County, or over
which it may at any time lawfully ex
ercise Jurisdiction and control, shall be
under the management and control of
the Supervisors. All said wharves shall
be built and repaired by the Board of
Publio Works, after proceedings had
as provided in this Article for the im
provement or repair of publio build
ings.
Sec. 2. The Supervisors shall by ordi
nance fix and regulate the tolls for
wharfage and dockage, and shall pro
vide for the collection of the same, ex
cept where the wharves are under the
jurisdiction of the Board of State Har
bor Commissioners, or may provide
that no charges, tolls, dockage or
wharfage be imposed or collected. The
Supervisors shall not have power to
dispose of any wharf, but they may
lease any wharf for a term not exceed
ing two years. _
ARTICLE VH.
PUBLIC SCHOOLS AND LIBRA
RIES.
CHAPTER I.
The Board of Education.
SECTION 1. The School Department
shall be under the control and manage
ment of a Board of Education com
posed of four School Directors, who
shall be appointed by the Mayor, and
who shall give their entire time to the
duties of their office. They shall each
receive an annual salary of three thou
sand dollars. They shall not be less
than thirty years of age and must have
been residents of the City and County
for at least five years prior to their ap
pointment. The Board shall never be
bo constituted as to consist of more
than two members of the same politi
cal party. The term of office of the Di
rectors shall be four years. Those first
appointed shall »o classify themselves |
by lot that they shall respectively go
out of office at the expiration of one,
two, three and four years.
Sec. 2. The Hoard shall organize by
electing one of its number President,
who shall serve for one year and until
his successor is elected. The Board may
elect a Secretary who shall not be a
member of the Board, and who shall
receive an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. The Board shall meet at least
once a week and at such other times as
it may determine. It shall establish
rules for its proceedings; but the con
current vote of the majority of its
members shall be necessary- to transact
business. In every instance where a
power is exercised under this Article by
the Board the vote thereon shall be i
taken by ayes and noes and entered in
the minutes of the Board.
CHAPTER IX.
Schools.
SECTION 1. The School Department
shall comprise all the public schools of
the City and County and shall include i
primary and grammar schools and may
include evening, deportment, technical,
I cosmopolitan, high and normal schools, j
Sec. 2. Adults shall be entitled to free
instruction in the evening schools; but
no child under fourteen years of age
shall be admitted to such schools.
CHAPTER m.
Powers of the Board of Education.
SECTION 1. In addition to the powers
conferred by the general laws of the
State, the Board of Education shall
have power:
1. To establish and maintain public
schools as provided in this Article, and
; to change, modify, consolidate or dls-
I continue the same as the public wel
fare may require.
2. To employ such teachers and per
sons as may be necessary to carry into ;
effect its powers and duties; to fix,
alter and approve their salaries and
compensation, and to withhold for good
and sufficient cause the whole or any
part of the wages, salary or compensa
tion of any person or persons employed
as aforesaid; and to promote, transfer
and dismiss teachers; but no teacher
in the department at the time of the
adoption of this Charter, or who shall i
be hereafter appointed, shall be dis
missed from the department, except
for insubordination, Immoral or unpro
i fessional conduct, or evident unfltness
for teaching. All promotions of teachers
shall be based solely on merit and sue- j
cessful teaching. Nothing in this sec
! tlon shall be construed to prevent the
Board from removing teachers holding
only special certificates or serving a
probationary term. Charges against
teachers must be formally made by the
Superintendent after due investigation, ]
| and shall be finally passed upon by the
Board after giving the accused teacher
due hearing.
3. To grant, to renew and, for the I
causes mentioned in section one, sub
division two, of this Chapter, to re
j yoke, teachers' certificates.
4. To establish and enforce all nec
essary rules and regulations for the
' government and efficiency of the
: schools and for carrying into effect
the school system; to remedy truancy;
to compel the attendance at school of
! children between the ages of six and
fourteen years who may be found idle
j in public places during school hours.
5. To investigate charges against
' any person connected with or in the
employ of the School Department, and
to take testimony In such investiga
tions.
6. To receive, to take on lease and to
hold in trust for the City and County
any real estate belonging to or claimed
by the School Department. To hold in
trust all personal property that may
have been or may hereafter be ac
quired by the School Department.
7. On or before the first day in April
in each year, to appoint School Census
Marshals, and notify the Superintend
ent of Common ' hor Is of such appoint
ments. Any Census Marshal found in
competent may be discharged by the
Superintendent of Common Schools.
Rnould the Board fail or neglect to fill
the vacancy so caused within three days
thereafter by the appointment of a per
son competent to perform the d-ities of
Census Marshal, such vacancy may be
filled by the Superintendent of Com
cion Schools.
1 &. To sue In the na^ns of the City and .
County for lotß, lands and property be
longing to or claimed by the School
Department. To prosecute and defend
all actions at law or special proceedings
! or suits In equity concerning the enjoy
j ment and possession cf such lots, lands
I and property. To require the services
: of the City Attorney In all actions,
j suits and proceedings by or against the
' Board of Education.
9. To establish regulations for the
disbursement of all moneys belonging
to the School Department or to the
Common School Fund, and to secure
j strict accountability in the expenditure
i thereof; to provide for the prompt pay
' ment, on not later than the fifth day of
I every month, of all salaries due and al
i lowed officers, teachers and other em
ployees of the School Department. For
this purpose the Auditor shall annually
segregate so much of the Common
School Fund as shall not exceed twen
ty-eight dollars for each pupil in av
erage daily attendance in the Public
Schools of the City and County during
the preceding fiscal year. The amount
bo segregated shall not be applied to the
payment of any demand against such
Common School Fund during any fiscal
year other than for salaries, until all
salaries for that fiscal year have been
! fully paid or provided for. The Board
: shall ascertain and transmit to the Au
i ditor on or before the first Monday In
April of each year an estimate of the
amount required for such segregation
within euch limit of twenty-eight dol
larß.
10. All demands payable out of the
Common School Fund shall be filed
with the Secretary of the Board of Ed
ucation, and after they have been ap
proved by the Board, they shall be
Rl by the President of the Board
le Superintendent and sent to the
jr. Every demand shall have en
l upon it a certificate, Bigned by
ecretary. of its approval by the
, of Education, showing the
thereof, and the law authoriz
t by title, date and section.
Every person In the employ of
the School Department entitled to
a salary therefrom shall receive a
warrant for the amount due and ap
proved by the Board, signed by the
President and Secretary thereof. The
entire monthly salary roll of the De
partment shall be made up by the Sec
retary of the Board, and after being
duly audited by the Finance Committee
thereof and approved by a majority of
all the members of the Board, shall be
endorsed in the same manner as other
demands. The salary roll so audited,
approved and endorsed, shall be imme
diately transmitted to the Auditor not
later than the third day of every month
for comparison with the Individual sal
ary warrants issued In the manner
above provided; but payments shall be
made only on the individual warrants
Issued in accordance herewith.
11. To lease to the highest responsi
ble bidder, for the benefit of the Com
mon School Fund, for a term not ex
ceeding twenty years, any" real property
of the School Department not required
for school purposes; but no lease shall
be made except after advertisement for
bids for at least fifteen days in the offi
cial newspaper and by an affirmative
vote of at loast three members of the
Board approved by an ordinance of the
Supervisors.
12. To receive and manape property
or money acquired by bequest or dona
tion in trust for the benefit of any
school, educational purpose or school
ltbrary; to carry into effect the terms
of any bequest not in conflict with the
general laws or this Charter; and to sell
such personal property as shall no
longer be required for uf? In the
schools. All moneys realized by such
sales shall be at once paid into the
treasury to the credit of the Common
School Fund.
Sec. 2. The Board shall annually, be
fore the first day of May, make a list of
supplies estimated to be required by the
School Department for the ensuing fis
cal year, statins: in clear and explicit
terms the quantity and kind of articles
needed and how and when they shall be
delivered, and nhall Invite proposals for
furnishing the same by advertising
therefor for at least ten days in the
official newspaper.
The provisions of Article 11, Chapter
111, of this Charter, in regard to the ad
vertising for proposals, the affidavit
and security accompanying the same,
the presentation and opening of propo
sals, the awarding of contracts and the
security for the performance thereof,
shall, so far as the same can be made
applicable, apply to all proposals and
contracts made, awarded or entered
Into for furnishing supplies to the
School Department. Any contract made
In violation of any provision of this
Article shall be void.
Sec. 3. The Board shall, during each
year, transmit to the Supervisors a re
port in writing for the preceding fiscal
year, stating the number of schools
within its jurisdiction, the length of
time they have been kept open, the
number of pupils tauerht in each 3chool,
the average daily attendance of pu
pils in all the public schools, the
number, names and salaries of teach
ers, the dates of their appointments
and the character of the certificates
held by them, the amount of money
drawn from the treasury by the De
partment during the year, distinguish
ing the State fund from all others, the
purpose for which such money has been
expended, with particulars, and such
other information as may be required
by the State Superintendent, the Super
visors or the Mayor.
Sec. 4. The Board shall, between the
first and twenty-first days of May of
each year, adopt a schedule of salaries
for the next ensuing fiscal year for
teachers and all employees of the
School Department.
CHAPTER IV.
Superintendent of Schools.
SECTION 1. The Superintendent of
Common Schools of the City and Coun
ty shall be by virtue of his office a
member of the Board of Education,
without the right to vote. He shall rS
ceive an annual salary of four thousand
dollars.
Sec. 2. The Superintendent shall ap
point four Deputy Superintendents.
The number of such deputies shall not '
be Increased until the average daily at- '
tendance shall have reached forty-five j
thousand, when the Superintendent !
shall appoint one additional I
and thereafter he shall appoint one j
deputy for each additional eight j
thousand children in average daily \
attendance. If from any cause a
vacancy occurs in the office of Deputy
Superintendent, such vacancy shall be ;
filled by the Superintendent.
Sec. 3. Of the Deputy Superin
tendents first appointed, the Superin- |
tendent Bhall appoint two for two
years and two for four years. All
Deputy Superintendents subsequently
appointed shall hold office for four
years.
Sec. 4. Such deputies must have had i
at least ten years' successful expert- |
ence as teachers, and shall have been i
residents of the City and County at !
least five years preceding their ap- !
pointment.
Sec. 5. In addition to the duties im
posed by the general laws of the State, !
it shall be the duty of the Superin
tendent:
1. To observe and enforce all rules
and regulations of the Board of Educa
tion and to see that no religious or sec- i
; tarian books or teachings are allowed |
in the schools.
2. To report to the Board of Educa- !
tion annually, on or before the twen- |
tieth day of August, and at such other
times as the Board may require, all
matters pertaining to the condition and
progress of the public schools of the
City and County during the fiscal year,
with such recommendations as he may
deem proper.
3. To inform the Board of the con
dition of the schools, schoolhouses and
of other matters connected therewith,
and to recommend such measures as
I he may deem necessary for the ad
vancement of education in the City and
ijGountyjt and for the, pare and lrojrove^
ment of the property of the School De
partment.
4. To visit and examine with the as
sistance of his deputies all the schools
at least twice a year and determine
their standing and classification. To
recommend rules for the promotion of
pupils from grade to grade, from
school to school, and for the transfer
and the graduation of pupils.
5. To recommend to the Board the
courses of studies; the text-books and
books for supplementary use in the
public schools and the purchase of such
apparatus, books, stationery and other
class-room supplies as may be required
in the schools.
6. To report to the Board once a
month upon the standing of schools ex
amined by him and his deputies.
Sec. 6. The Superintendent and his
deputies shall constitute the City
Board of Examination, and shall have
power:
1. To examine applicants, and to
prescribe a standard of proficiency,
which will entitle the person examined
to receive:
a. A high school certificate, valid for
six years, which shall authorize the
holder to teach any primary, gram
mar, or high school in the City and
County.
b. A City certificate, grammar
grade, valid for aix years, which shall
authorize the holder to teach any
primary or grammar school in the City
and County.
o. A City certificate, primary grade,
valid for two years, which shall au
thorize the holder to teach any primary !
school in the City and County. They
shall report the result of the examina
tion to the Board of Education, and
the Board shall thereupon issue to the
successful candidates the certificates
to which they shall be entitled.
2. To recommend applicants for
special certificates valid for a period
not to exceed six years, upon such
special studies as may be authorized by
the Board of Education.
8. For Immoral or unprofessional
conduct, profanity, intemperance, or
evident unfltness for teaching, to
recommend to the Board of Education
the revocation of any certificates pre
viously granted by the Board.
4. To recommend the granting of
City certificates and the renewal
thereof, In the manner provided for the
granting and renewal of County cer
tificates by County Boards of Educa
tion in section seventeen hundred and
seventy-five of the Political Code.
CHAPTEB V.
School Tax Levy.
SECTION 1. The Board of Education
shall, on or bofore the first Monday of
April in each year, report to the Super
visors an estimate of the amount which
shall be required during the ensuing
fiscal year for the purpose of meeting
the current annual expenses of public
instruction in the City and County,
specifying the amount required for sup
plies to be furnished pupils, including
text books for indigent children; for
purchasing and procuring sites; for
leasing rooms or erecting buildings; for
furnishing, fitting up, altering, enlarg
ing and repairing buildings; for the
support of schools organized since the
last annual apportionment; for the sal
ary of the School Directors, Superinten
dent, Deputy Superintendents, and all
other persons employed in the School
Department, and for other expenditures
necessary for the administration of the
Public School System; but the aggre
gate amount so reported for any one
year shall not exceed the sum of thirty
two dollars and fifty cents for each pu
pil, who in the fiscal year immediately
prior thereto actually attended the
schools entitled to participate in the
apportionment thereof.
Sec. 2. The Supervisors at the time
and in the manner of levying and col
lecting other city and county taxes
shall levy and cause to be collected for
the Common School Fund a tax which,
added to the regular revenue derived
from other sources, shall produce an
amount of money which shall not ex
ceed thirty-two dollars and fifty cents
for each pupil in attendance during the
preceding fiscal year, as ascertained
and reported by the Board of Educa
tion.
Sec. 3. In case of extreme emergency
'• or great calamity, such as disaster from
fire riot, earthquake or public enemy,
I the Board of Education may, with the
' approval of the Mayor and Supervisors,
incur extraordinary expenditures in ex-
I cess of the annual limit provided for in
| this Charter, foi**the repair and con
! struction and furnishing of school
1 houses In place of those so Injured or
j destroyed. The Supervisors may, by
] ordinance, cause to be transferred to
| the Common School Fund, from moneys
in any fund not otherwise appropriated,
i sufficient money to liquidate such ex
' penditures, and provide for the same in
, the next tax levy of the City and Coun
ty.
CHAPTER VI.
School Houses and Lots.
SECTION 1. "When any locality In
the City and County Is unprovided
with sufficient school accommodations,
the Board of Education may, by reso
lution, make a requisition upon the
Board of Public Works for plans and
specifications and estimates for a new
school house, specifying the number of
class rooms needed, the location of the
proposed school house, the date on
which it should be completed, the
amount of money in the School Fund
available for the purpose, and such
other information as will enable the
Board of Public Works to prepare the
necessary plans, specifications and esti
mates of cost for such school house.
If such plans, specifications and esti
mates are approved by the Board of
Education, they shall be endorsed
"Approved," with the date of such ap
proval, by the President and Secretary
thereof, and returned to the Board of
Public Works, which shall proceed
without delay to have such school
house constructed and completed In ac
cordance therewith.
When such school house Is complet
ed, the Board of Public Works shall
notify the Board of Education to ex
amine the same, and if it has been
built in accordance with the plans and
specifications and within the estimated
cost thereof, the Board of Education
shall accept and take possession of it.
Sec. 2. When an- school house, build
ing, fence or other property belonging
to, or connected with, or under the
control of, the Board of Education,
needs repairing, altering or improv
ing, the Board shall notify the
Board of Public Works, specifying
in general terms the work to be
done. The Board of Public Works
shall cause the same to be done forth
with, if the cost thereof shall not ex
ceed two hundred and fifty dollars;
otherwise the Board of Public Works
shall submit plans, specifications and
estimates of cost to the Board of Edu
cation for its approval, and if approved
as provided in section one of this Chap
ter, the Board of Public Works shall
cause the same to be done, and if done
in accordance with the plans and speci
fications, and within such estimate, the
same shall be accepted and shall be
paid for out of the Common School
Fund.
Sec. 3. When it is necessary to pur
chase a lot for the use of the School
Department, the price paid for such lot
shnll not exceed the market value of
| adjacent property of equal size and
I similarly situated. Any school build
! ing hereafter constructed shall have a
j clear space of at least ten feet around
i the same.
CHAPTER VII.
Public Library and Reading Rooms.
SECTION 1. The Public Library and
Reading Rooms of the City and County
shall be under the management of a
Board of twelve Trustees, one of whom
shall be the Mayor of the City and Coun
ty, who shall be a member of the Board
by virtue of his office. The Board of
Trustees of said Library and Reading
Rooms In office at the Ur»e this Chan
ter shall take effect shall continue to
constitute the Board of Trustees of
said Public Library and Reading
Rooms; and all vacancies therein shall
be filled by said Board. None of said
Trustees shall receive any compensa
tion for his services.
Sec 2. The Supervisors shall, for
the purpose of maintaining such
Library and Reading llooms and
such branches thereof as the Board of
Library Trustees may from time to
time establish, and for purchasing
books, journals and periodicals, and for
purchasing or leasing: real and ~t>rsonal
property, and for constructing such
buildings as may be necessary, an
nually levy a tax on all property in
the City and County not exempt from
taxation which shall not be less than
one and one-half cents nor more than
two and one-half cents upon each one
hundred dollars assessed valuation of
said property. The proceeds of said
tax shall be credited to the Library
Fund.
Sec. 3. All revenue from such tax.
together with all money or property
derived by gift, devise, bequest or
otherwise, for the purpose of the Li
brary, shall be paid into the treasury
and be designated as the Library
Fund and be applied to the purposes
herein authorized. If such payment
into the treasury should be inconsistent
with the conditions or terms of any
auch gift, devise or bequest, the Board
shall provide for the safety and pres
ervation of the same and the applica
tion thereof to the use of the Library
and Reading Rooms, in accordance with
the terms and conditions of such gift,
devise or bequest.
Sec. 4. The title to all property, real
and personal now owned or hereafter
acquired by purchase, gift, devise, be
quest or otherwise, for the purpose of
the Library and Reading Rooms, when
not inconsistent with the terms of its
acquisition, shall vest in the City and
County, and in the name of the City
and County may be sued for and de
fended by action at law or otherwise.
Sec. 5. The Board shall take charge
of the Public Library and Reading
Rooms, and the branches thereof, and
of all real and personal property there
unto belonging, or that may be ac
quired by loan, purchase, gift, devise
or otherwise, when not inconsistent
VvMth the terms and conditions of the
gift, devise or bequest. It shall meet
for business purposes at least once a
month, and at such other times as it
may appoint in a place to be provided
for the purpose. A majority of the
Board shall constitute a quorum for
the transaction of business. It shall
elect one of its number President,
who shall serve for one year and until
his successor is elected, and shall elect
a Librarian and Secretary and such as
sistants as may be necessary. The
Secretary shall keep a full account of
all property. mon«"v, receipts and ex
penditures and a record of all its pro
ceedings.
Sec. 6. The Board, by a majority vote
of all its members to be recorded in its
minutes with the ayes and noes, Bhall
have power:
1. To make and enforce all rules,
regulations and by-laws necessary for
the administration, government and
protection of the Library and Reading
Rooms and branches thereof, and all
property belonging thereto, or that
may be loaned thereto.
2. To administer any trust declared
or created for such Library and Read
ing Rooms and branches thereof, and
provide memorial tablets and niches to
perpetuate the memory of those per
sons who may make valuable donations
thereto.
8. To define the powers and pre
scribe the duties of all officers; deter
mine the number of and elect all nec
essary subordinate officers and assist
ants, and for good and sufficient cause
to remove any officer or assistant.
4. To purchase books. Journals, pub
lications and other personal property.
5. To order the drawing and pay
ment upon vouchers, certified by the
President and Secretary, of money
from the Library Fund for any liability
or authorized expenditure.
6. To fix the salaries of the Librarian
and Secretary and their assistants:
and, with the approval of the Super
visors, expresgpd by ordinance, to erect
and equip such building or buildings,
room or rooms, as may be necessary
for the Library and Reading Rooms
and branches thereof.
7. To establish such branches of the
Library and Reading Rooms as the
growth of the City and County may
from time to time demand.
Sec. 8. The Supervisors shall have
power to appropriate and authorize
the use. either In whoje or In part, of
any real estate belonging to the City
nnd County, for the purpose of erect
ing and maintaining- a building or
buildings thereon to be used for the
Library and Reading Rooms, or
branches thereof, and may appropriate
the whole or any portion of any public
building belonging to the City and
County for such use.
ARTICLE VIII.
POLICE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER L
Organization.
SECTION 1. The Police Department
shall consist of a Board of Police Com
missioners, a Chief of Police, a Police
Force, and of such clerks and em
ployes as shall be necessary to carry
into effect the provisions of this
Article. .
Sec. 2. All members of the Police De
partment shall hold office during good
behavior, subject to the provisions
hereinafter set forth relating to pro
motions, suspensions, dismissals and
disratements.
Sec. 3. No person shall become a
member of the Department unless he
shall be a citizen of the United States,
of good character for honesty and so
briety, able to read and write the Eng
lish language, and a resident of the
City and County for at least five years
next preceding his appointment.
Every appointee to the Department
shall not be less than twenty-one nor
more than thirty-five years of age,
must possess the physical qualifications
required for recruits of the United
States Army, and before his appoint
ment must pass a satisfactory medical
examination under such rules and
regulations as may be prescribed by
the Board of Police Commissioners.
In making appointments of members
of the Department, the Board shall
never regard the political or religious,
preferences or affiliations of any can
didate.
CHAPTER 11.
Police Commissioners.
SECTION 1. The Police Department
shall be under the management of a
Board of Police Commissioners consist
ing of four members who shall be ap
pointed by the Mayor, and each of
whom shall receive an annual salary of
twelve hundred dollars. No person
shall be appointed such Commissioner
who shall not have been an elector of
the City and County for at least five
years next preceding his appointment.
Sec. 2. The Board shall never be so
constituted as to consist of more than
two members of the same political
party. The term of office of the Com
missioners shall be four years. Those
first appointed shall so classify them
selves by lot* that they shall respec
tively go out of office at the expiration
of one, two, three and four years.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall be
successors in office of the . Police
Commissioners folding office in the
City and County at the time this
Charter shall go into effect by virtue of
appointment under any statute or law
of this State. • • i;
. Sec. 4. The i Police Commissioners
shall organize by electing one of their
number President,. who shall hold such
office for one year. The Board shall
appoint a Secretary, who shall receive
an annual salary of fifteen hundred
_ dollars. The sessions of the Board
shall be public, except that executive
sessions may be held whenever deemed
proper by the Board. The Board shall
meet at least once a week in the rooms
of the Police Department, or in case of
public emergency at such place as the
Board may select. The Secretary must
keep minutes of Its proceedings; and
in every case where a power is exer
cised by the Board under this Article
the ayes and noes thereon shall be en
tered therein.
CKAPTEB HL
Powers of the Board.
SECTION 1. The Board of Police
Commissioners shall have power:
1. To appoint, promote, suspend, dis
rate or dismiss any member of the De
partment in the manner hereinafter
provided.
2. To prescribe rules and regulations ?
for the government, discipline, equip
ment and uniform of the Department,
and from time to time to alter or re
peal the same, and to prescribe penal
ties for the violations of any of such
rules and regulations. All such rules
and regulations must be reasonable.
3. To grant permits to any person
desiring to engage in the sale of liquor
in less quantity than one quart, and to
grant permits to any person engaged in
the business of selling liquor to be
drunk on the premises, and to revoke
any such permit when it shall appear
to the Board that the business of the
person to whom such permit was given
is conducted In a disorderly or im
proper manner. "Without such permit
none of such persons shall engage in
the business of Belling liquor. If the
Board refuse to grant such permit, or
propose to revoke any permit that has
been granted, the person who 1b re
fused such permit or whose permit it is
proposed to revoke, shall be entitled to
be heard before the Board in person.
or through counsel, and to have, free
of charge, all reasonable facilities at
the hearing. Such permits shall not be
granted for more than three months at
one time, and they shall distinctly state
the name of the person to whom the
same is given, and the description of
the premises where such business is to
be carried on. Such permits shall at all
times be subject to inspection by any
member of the Department. Com
plaints to revoke permits granted by
the Board must be in writing, signed
by the person making 1 the same and
filed with the Secretary of the Board;
and a copy thereof certified by the
Secretary must be served upon the
party complained against at least five
days before the time set for the hearing
of the complaint.
4. At its discretion, upon the petl
1 tion of any person, firm or corporation,
i to appoint, and at pleasure to remove,
1 special police officers. Such officers
shall be subject to all the rules and
regulations of the Board.
5. To provide for the care, restltu
i tion or sale at annual public auction of
! all unclaimed property that may come
i into the possession of the Property
Clerk, and to direct the destruction of
: such property as shall consist of Im
i plements, weapons, property or any
| other article, matter or thing used in
the commission of crime.
6. To appoint Police Matrons for the
care of female prisoners and to pro
! vide rules and regulations for the gov
. ernment of the same.
7. To appoint a Police Surgeon who
shall receive an annual Balary of fif
teen hundred dollars.
Sec 2. The President may convene
the Board for special meetings. Tha
Secretary of the Board shall be the offi
cial custodian of all records and official
documents of the Board.
CHAPTER IV.
The Chief of Police.
SECTION 1. The Chief of Police shall
be appointed by the Board of Police
i Commlsslo. ers and hold office for
the term of four years. He shall re
ceive an annual salary of four thou
1 sand dollars. He shall have control,
management and direction of all mem
bers of the Department In the lawful
exercise of his functions, with full
power to detail any of them to such
public service as he may direct, and
with like power to suspend temporarily
i any member of the Department. In all
: cases of such suspension, he shall im
mediately report the same to the Board
with the reasons therefor In writing.
i He shall maintain and enforce law ana
rigid discipline so as to secure com
plete efficiency of the Department. He
shall, subject to the directions and or
ders of the Commissioners, have con
i trol of such of the prisons of the City
! and County as are not by the general
law under the control of the Sheriff.
Fee. 2. In the suppression of any
riot, public tumult, disturbance of the
public peace, or organized resistance
against the laws or public authority,
the Chief of Police shall, in the lawful
! exercise of his functions, have all the
! powers that are now or may be con
ferred on Sheriffs by the laws of the
State.
Sec. 3. The Chief of Police shall be
the chief executive officer of the De
partment. He shall be chargeable with
and responsible for the execution of all
laws and ordinances and the rules and
regulations of the Department. He
shall see that the orders and process
issued by the Police Court and such
other orders and process as may be
placed in his hands are promptly exe
cuted, and shall exercise such other
1 powers connected with his office as
may be provided for in the general
rules and regulations of the Commis
sioners.
Sec. 4. The Chief of Police shall keep
a public office in which he shall have
the Statutes of this State and of the
j United States, and all necessary works
!on criminal law. In case of his tempo-
I rary absence some competent member
| of the Department, by him designated
I for that purpose, shall be in attendance
'■■ at all hours of the day and night; and
in such case he shall make known to
such member of the Department where
he can be found.
Sec. 5. The Chief of Police shall de
tail one or more of the members of the
Department to attend constantly on the
Police Court and to execut* its orders
and process. He shall detail at hla
pleasure members of the Department to
act as his Chief Clerk, Assistant Clerks.
Prison Keepers and Property Clerk.
Said Chief Clerk and said Property
Clerk shall each receive an annual sal
ary of twenty-four hundred dollars.
Sec. 6. The Chief of Police may from
time to time disburse such sums for
contingent expenses of the Department,
as In his judgment shall be for the best,.
Interest of the City and County, to be|
i paid out of the contingent fund allowed,
the Department. The aggregate of all .
such sums shall not In any one fiscal*
year exceed the sum of ten thousand 1
dollars. Provision shall be made by thef
Supervisors for such contingent fund in
the annual tax levy. The Commission,
ers shall allow and order paid out of
such contingent fund as contingent ex
' penses of the Police Department, upon
orders signed by the Chief of Police,
such amounts as may be required.
Sec. 7. The Chief of Police shall pos
sess powers of general police inspection,
supervision and control, over all pawn
brokers, peddlers, junk-shop keepers,
dealers In second-hand merchandise,
auctioneers and intelligence office keep
ers. All persons engaged in said call
ings nußt first procure permits from the
Commissioners. In the exercise of such
power the Chief may by authority in
writing from time to time empower
members of the Police Department,
when in search of property feloniously
obtained or in search of suspected of
fenders, or in search of evidence to con
vict any person charged with crime, to
examine the books and the premises of
any such person. Any such member of
! the Police Department, when thereunto
empowered in writing by the Chief of
Police, may examine property alleged
to have been pawned, pledged, deposit
i ed, lost, strayed or stolen.
CHAPTER V.
Subordinate Officers. ' ~"
SECTION 1. ' _ Subordinate officer! ofthe Police Department shall oonfllst of
Captains, who shall each receive an
annual salary of twenty-four hundred
dollars; Lieutenants, who shall each
receive an annual salary of sixteen
hundred and eighty dollars; Sergeants,
who shall each receive an annual salary
of fifteen hundred dollars; and Corpor
als, who shall each receive an annual
salary of fourteen hundred and four
dollars. _ . .
Sec. 2. There shall be one Captain
for each one hundred police officers
The duties of Captains shall be denned
by the rules and regulations of the
Commissioners and by the orders of the
Chief of Police. .
Sec 3. There shall be one Lieutenant
for every fifty police officers. The du
ties of th» Lieutenants shall be defined
by the rules and regulations of the
Commissioners, by the orders of the
Chief of Police, and by the orders or
their respective Captains.
Sec. 4. There shall be as many ber
geants us in the Judgment of the Com
missioners may be advisable, not to ex
ceed one Sergeant for every ten police
officers. The duties of Sergeants shall
be defined by the rules and regulations
of the Commissioners, the orders of the
Chief of Police, and the orders of their
respective Captains and Lieutenants.
Sec 5. There Bhall be as many Cor
porals as in the Judgment of the Com
missioners may be advisable. The du
ties of Corporals shall be denned b the
rules and reflations of the Commis
sioners, the orders of the Chief of Po
lice, and the orders of their respective
Captains, Lieutenants and Sergeants.
Sec. 6. The Chief of Police may detail
for detective duties such members of
the Department as he may select, not
to exceed twenty-flve. He shall desig
nate a Captain of Police to act as Cap
tain over the officers so detailed who
shall receive ar annual salary of three
thousand dollars. Such Captain shall
rank as Captain of Detectives, and his
duties shaJl be defined by the Commis
sioners and by the Chief of Police. The
members so detailed shall be known
and ranked as Detective Sergeants.
Each of said Detective Sergeants shall
receive an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars. They may be re
moved at any time from such detail by
the Chief of Police. Their duties shall
be defined by the rules and regulations
of the Commissioners, by the orders of
the Chief of Police, and by the orders
of the Captain of Detectives.
CHAPTER VI.
Police Officers.
SUCTION 1. The Police Force of the
City and County shall not exceed one
Police Officer for ea<h five hundred In
habitants thereof. Police Officers shall
receive an annual salary of twelve hun
dred and twenty-four dollars.
Poo. 2. Every Police Officer shall,
tipon the arrest of any person charged
with the commission of crime, search
the person of such offender, and take
from him all property ajid weapons,
and forthwith deliver the same to the
prison keeper, who must deliver the
same to the Property Clerk, to be kept
by him until other disposition be made
thereof according to law.
Peo. 3. Police Officers shall be health
officers by virtue of their office.
CHAPTER VII.
Promotions, Suspensions, Dismissals
and Disratements.
SECTION 1. All promotions in the
Department shall be from the next
lower rank, seniority of service and
meritorious public service being con
sidered.
Sec. 2. Any member of the Depart
ment guilty of any offense, or violation
of rules and regulations, shall be
liable to be punished by reprimand, or
by fine to be fixed by the Commission
ers, or by dismissal from the Depart
ment; but no fine shall ever be Imposed
at any one time for any offense ex
ceeding one month's salary.
Sec. 3. No member of the Department
Fhall be subject to dismissal for any
cause, or to punishment for any breach
of duty or misconduct therein, except
nft^r a fair and impartial trial before
the Commissioners upon a verified com
plaint filed with the Board setting forth
specifically the acts complained of. and
after such reasonable notice to him of
the time and place of hearing as the
P.oard may by rule prescribe. The ac
cused shall be entitled upon such hear
ing to appear personally and by coun
f<*l: to have a public trial; and to se
cure and enforce free of expense to him
the attendance of all witnesses neces
sary for his defense.
CHAPTER VIII.
Unclaimed and Stolen Property.
SECTION 1. All property or money !
taken under suspicion of having been
stolen or feloniously obtained, the re
sult of crime or constituting the pro
ceeds of crime, and all property or
money taken from intoxicated or in- ;
lane persons, or other persons incapa- !
ble of taking care of themselves, or
property or money lost or abandoned i
that may In any way come into the
possession or custody of any member
of the Department, or of any Criminal
Court or Judge of the City and
County, shall be delivered to the Pron
trty Clerk, who shall enter in a Record
Book, to be kept by him for that pur
pose, a full and explicit description of
the same, together with the name of
'.he person or persons from whom re
feived. the names of any claimants
thereto, the time of the seizure, and the
Snal disposition thereof.
Sec. 2. When property or money taken
rrrnn any person arrested, or otherwise
under suspicion of having been feloni
ously obtained, or of being the proceeds
-f crime, is brought with the claimant
tnereof and the person arrested, before
a court for examination and adjudica
tion, and the Court shall adiudge that
the person arrested is innocent of the
offense alleged, and that the property
or money belongs to him, it shall or
der such property or money returned
to the accused, and the Property Clerk
shall thereupon deliver such property
Dr money to him personally, but nrrt to
his attorney or agent. If upon such
hearing the accused shall be held for
trial or examination, such property or
money shall remain in the custody of
the Property PWk until the discharge
or conviction of the person accused
P^c. 3. All unclaimed property and
money that has been In trie custody of
the Property Clerk for one year shall
be sold at public auction, after having
seen five times advertised In the official
newspaper: and the proceeds of such
sale shall be paid Into the treasury to
thp credit of the Police Relief and Pen
sion Fund. Pn no case shall such prop
erty be sold or disposed of until thf> ne
eesslty for the use thereof as evidence
hr.p ceased. The proceeds of property
taken from Insane persons shall not
become part of such Fund until after
the expiration of three years from the
time the same is paid into the treasury;
but the Commissioners and the Chief
of Police Khali, during such period,
make diligent inquiry to ascertain the
person or persons to whom the same
Bhr-uld by right be payable.
Sec. 4. Tf any property or money in
thf> custody of the Property Clerk be re
quired as evidence in any Court, it
shall be delivered to any "officer who
Fha.ll present an order !n writing to
that effect from such Court, and the
Clerks of such Court shall be responsi
ble for the safe delivery of such prop
erty or money to the Property Clerk.
Pec. 5. All valuables a^id money In
the custody of the Property Clerk shall
be deposited by him for safe keeping
with the Treasurer In such manner and
subject to such rules and regulations
as may be prescribed by the Board.
CHAPTER IX.
Present Police Force.
SECTION 1. All members of the
present Police Force in good standing
In the Department at the time this
Charter goes Into effect, and the Park
Police, shall continue, therein, without
Civil Service examination; but all new
appointments and all promotions made
after thlß Charter shall go Into effect
shall be subiect to and governed by
Article XIII of this Charter.
CHAPTER X.
Police Relief and Pension Fund.
SECTION 1. In order to continue in
force and make effectual pensions
already existing in favor of the Police
Force, a Fund is hereby created to be
known and designated as the Police
Relief and Pension Fund. The Board
of Police Commissioners and its suc
cessors in office shall constitute a
Board of Trustees of said Fund.
Sec. 2. The Board of Police Com
missfonera may, by a unanimous vote, |
retire and relieve from service any
aged, infirm or disabled member of the
Department who has arrived at the
age of sixty-five years, and who, upon
an examination by two regularly cer
tificated practicing physicians appointed
by the Commissioners for that pur- j
pose, may be ascertained to be by rea- I
son of such age, Infirmity or other dis- j
ability, unfit for the performance of his j
duties. Such retired member shall re- j
ceive from the Police Relief and Pen- |
sion Fund a monthly pension equal to
one-half of the amount of the salary
attached to the rank held by him three J
years prior to the date of his retire- j
ment. No such pension shall be paid <
unless such person has been an active
member of the Department for twenty }
years continuously next preceding his
retirement, and the same shall cease at
his death.
Sec. 3. Any member of the Depart- i
mcnt who shall become physically dis- j
abled by reason of any bodily injury
received in the performance of his j
duty, upon his filing with the Commis- j
sioners a verified petition setting forth i
the facts constituting such disability
and the cause thereof, accompanied by
a certificate signed by the Chief of Po
lice, the Captain of the Company to
which he belongs, and by two regularly
certificated physicians of the City and
County recommending his retirement
upon a pension on account of such dis
ability, may be retired from the De
partment upon an annual pension
equal to one-half the amount of salary I
attached to the rank which he may j
have held three years prior to the date
of such retirement, to be paid to him I
during his life and to cease at his
death. In ca.se his disability shall cease \
his pension shall cease, and he shall be
restored to the service In the rank he ;
occupied at the time of his retirement, j
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall, out
of the Police Relief and Pension Fund, j
provide for the family of any officer, |
member or employe of the Department
who may be killed while in the per
formance of his duty, as follows:
First— Should the decedent be mar
ried, his widow shall as long as she may
remain unmarried be paid a monthly
pension equal to one-half of the salary ,
attached to the rank held by the de
cedent at the time of his death.
Second — Should the decedent leave no
widow, but leave an orphan child or
children under the age of sixteen years,
Buch children shall collectively receive |
a pension equal to one-half the salary ;
attached to the position held by their |
father at the time of his death, until j
the youngest attains the age of sixteen
years.
Third— Should the decedent leave no
widow and no orphan child or children,
but leave a parent or parents depend
ing solely upon him for support, such •
parents, so depending, ehall collectively
receive a pension equal to one-half the
salary attached to the position held by i
the decedent at the time of his death, j
during such time as the Commissioners i
may unanimously determine its ne
cesslty.
Sec. 5. Any person receiving a pen
sion as aforesaid from the Police Relief
and Pension Fund, who shall be con
victed of felony, shall become dissi- j
pated, an habitual drunkard, or shall '■
become a non-resident of this State,
Bhall forfeit all right to said pension.
Sec. 6. When any member of the De- j
partment shall, after ten years' service, I
die from natural causes, then his wid
ow, and if there be no widow, then his
children, or if there be no widow or j
children, then his mother if dependent '
upon him for support, shall be entitled j
to a sum equal to the amount retained !
by the Treasurer from the pay of sucfi
deceased member and paid into the Re- i
lief and Pension Fund; but the provi- i
sions of this section shall not apply to i
any member of the Department who
Bhall have received any pension under
the terms of this Chapter.
Sec. 7. The Commissioners shall make
rules and regulations to carry out the \
provisions of this Chapter and to en- |
force compliance therewith on the part
of the members of the Department. It '
shall make up an estimate every year ]
of the amount required to pay all de- !
mands on the Police Relief and Pension
Fund for the succeeding fiscal year, and
certify the same to the Supervisors in
connection with and as a part of the
annual appropriation for the Police
Department.
Sec. 8. The Commissioners may, on
notice to the Chief of Police, reward
: any member of the Department for
conduct which Is heroic or meritorious.
The form or the amount of such reward :
' shall be discretionary with the Board; [
but it shall not exceed in any one in- i
stance one month's salary.
Sec. 9. The Board of Police Pension j
Fund Commissioners shall hold quar
terly meetings on the first Mondays of
April, July, October and January of
each year, and upon the call of its
President. It shall Issue warrants,
signed by Its President and Secretary,
I to the persons entitled thereto, for the
1 amount of money ordered paid to such
! persons from the Relief and Pension
Fund. Each warrant shall state for
what purpose the payment is made.
The Board of Police Pension Fund
Commissioners shall keep a public rec
ord of its proceedings. It shall at each
quarterly meeting s^nd to the Treas
urer and to the Auditor a written or
. printed list of all persons entitled to
, payment from the Relief and Pension
■ Fund, stating the amounts of such
payments, and for what granted. Such
list shall be certified and signed by the
President and Secretary of the Board.
The Auditor shall thereupon enter a
copy of such list upon a book to be kept
for that purpose which shall be known
! as The Police Relief and Pension Fund
: Book. All warrants signed by the
I President and Secretary of the Board
i shall be presented to the Auditor, and
i be audited and ordered paid by him
i out of said Fund.
Sec. 10. The Board of Police Pension
Fund Commissioners shall possess the
powers vested in the Board of Police
Commissioners to make rules and
regulations for its guidance. It may
appoint a Secretary, and provide for
I the payment from said Fund of all
I its necessary expenses, not exceeding
j fifty dollars for any one month, includ-
I Ing the salary of the Secretary and
printing. No compensation shall be
paid to any member of the Board for
any duty required or performed as Po.
j lice Relief and Pension Fund Commis
j sioner.
Sec. 11. The Supervisors shall annu
ally, when the tax levy is made, direct
the payment into the aforesaid Fund of
the following moneys:
1. Not less than five nor more than
ten per centum of all moneys collected
i and received from licenses for the
i keeping of places where spirituous,
| malt or other intoxicating liquors are
I sold.
2. One-half of all moneys received
| from taxes or from licenses upon dogs.
3. All moneys received from fines
| imposed upon members of the Police
Department for violation of law or the
rules or regulations thereof.
4. All proceeds of sales of unclaimed
property.
5. Not less than one-fourth nor mon
than one-half of all moneys received
from licenses from pawnbrokers, bil
liard hall keepers, dealers in second
hand merchandise, and from junk
Btores.
6. All moneys received from fines for
carrying concealed weaflpn*.
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AND COUNTY OF SAIN FRANCISCO.
7. Twenty-five per centum of all fines
collected In money for violation of any
ordinance.
8. All rewards to members of the Po
lice Department, except such as shall
be excepted by the Commissioners.
9. The Treasurer shall retain from
the pay of each member of the Police
Force two dollars a month, which shall
be forthwith paid Into the Police Relief
and Pension Fund. No other or further
retention or reduction shall be made
from such pay for any other fund or
purpose unless the same is herein au
thorized.
Sec. 12. When a request Is made for
regular policemen to be detailed at any
place of amusement or entertainment,
ball, party or picnic, the party or per
son making such request shall first de
posit two dollars and fifty cents for
each man so detailed with the Property
Clerk of the Department, who shall
pive him a receipt for the same, and
such sum shall be at once paid into the
treasury to the credit of the Police Re
lief and Pension Fund.
Sec. 13. On the last day of June of
each year, or as soon thereafter as
practicable, the Auditor Bhall make a
report to the Supervisors of all moneys
paid out of such Fund during the pre
vious year, and of the amount then to
the credit of such Fund. The surplus
then remaining in such Fund exceeding
the average annual amount paid out of
such Fund during the three years next
preceding shall be transferred to and
become a part of the Surplus Fund, and
shall bo. no longer under the control of
the Board, or subject to Its order. Pay
ments provided foT in this Chapter
shall be made quarterly upon proper
vouchers. When In any one year a de
ficiency shall exist in such Fund, such
deficiency shall be provided for and
made good by the Supervisors In their
next ensuing tax levy.
ARTICLE IX.
FIRE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
Orgunization and Powers.
SECTION L The Fire Department
shall be under the management of a
Board of Fire Commissioners consist
ing of four members, who shall be ap
pointed by the Mayor, and each of
whom shall receive an annual salary
of twelve hundred dollars. No person
shall be appointed a Fire Commission
er who shall not have been an elector
of the City and County for at least five
years next preceding his appointment.
Sec. 2. The Board shall never be so
constituted as to consist of more than
two members of the same political
party. The term of office of the Com
missioners shall be four years. Those
first appointed shall so classify them
selves by lot that they shall respective
ly go out of office at the expiration of
one, two, three and four years.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners 6hall be
successors in office of the Fire Commis
sioners holding office in the City and
County at the time this Charter shall
go into effect by virtue of appointment
under any statute or law of this State.
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall or
granize by electing one of their number
President who shall hold office for one
year. The Board may appoint a Secre
tary who shall perform such duties as
the Board may prescribe. He shall re
ceive an annual salary of twenty-four
hundred dollars. The Board shall meet
at least once a week, and as often as
the business of the Department may
require, and all lta meetings shall be
public.
Sec. 5. The Board shall organize the
Department, create and establish such
fire companies as It may deem neces
sary, prescribe the number and duties
of the officers, members and employees
of the Department, and the uniforms
and badges to be worn by them; have
control of all the property and equip
ments of the Department, and exercise
full power and authority over all ap
propriations made for the use of the
Department.
Sec. 6. All persons appointed to posi
tions In the Department must be citi
zens of the United States, not less than
twenty-one nor more than thirty-five
years of age, of good character for
honesty and sobriety, able to read and
write the English language, residents
of the City and County at least five
years next preceding the date of their
appointment, must pass a medical ex
amination under such rules and regu
lations as may be prescribed by the
Commissioners, and upon such exam
ination be found In sound bodily health.
Pec. 7. No officer, member or employee
of the Department shall be appointed,
transferred, or removed because of his
political opinions, nor shall he be
transferred or dismissed except for
cause, nor until after a trial before the
Commissioners.
Sec. 8. The Commissioners shall see
th.it the officers, members and em
ployees of the Department faithfully
discharge their duties, and that the
laws, ordinances and regulations per
taining to the Department are carried
Into effect. The -Board shall make such
rules and regulations as may be neces
sary to secure discipline and efficiency
In the Department, and for any viola
tion of such rules and regulations may
impose reasonable fines upon the of
ficers, members and employees of the
Department, or may suspend any of
them for such reasonable time as the
Board may by rule prescribe. Such
fines shall be deducted from the month
ly warrants of the officers, members
and employees upon whom they are
imposed, and shall be transferred by
the Treasurer to the Firemen's Relief
and Pension Fund.
Sec. 9. The Clerk and Commissary of
the Fire Department Corporation
Yards shall not deliver any supplies or
stores of the Fire Department exrept
upon an order signed by the Chief En
gineer and the Secretary of the Com
missioners; but during a conflagration,
such material or apparatus as may be
required for the purpose of extinguish
ing such conflagration may be with
drawn from said Corporation Yards by
order of the Chief Engineer, or by any
officer in charge of the force of the
Department at such conflagration.
Sec. 10. No member or employee of
the Fire Department shall be engaged
in any other employment.
CHAPTER 11.
Duties of the Commissioners.
SECTION 1. The Board of Fire Com
missioners shall immediately after their
appointment and qualification proceed
to reorganize the Fire Department in
conformity with the provisions of this
Charter. In so doing the Board shall
make its appointments of officers and
members from the persons constituting
the force in the service of the Fire De
partment at the time this Charter goes
into effect. Such officers and members
shall not be required to pass any Civil
Service examination. All future ap
pointments and promotions shall be
made subject to the provisions of Arti
cle XIII of this Charter. If any reduc
tion is made in the force of the Depart
ment, the Commissioners may tempo
rarily discharge those persons, whose
discharge shall be most conducive to
the efficient reorganization of the De
partment, but in case of a subsequent
increase of the force, those temporarily
discharged shall be reappointed without
Civil Service examination and assigned
to the same rank in which they were at
the time of their discharge.
Sec. 2. No officer, member or em
ployee of the Department shall be dis
missed or transferred except for cause
nor until after a trial. The accused
shall be furnished with a written copy
of the charges against him at least
three days previous to the day of trial.
He shall have the right to appear in
person and by counsel and examine
witnesses in his behalf. All witnesses
shall be examined under oath, and all
trials shall be public.
Sec. 3. When any officer, member or
employee of the Department shall be
come temporarily disabled by reason of
Injuries received while In the actual
performance of his duty therein so as
to Incapacitate him from performing
his duty, the Commissioners shall allow
his salary during the continuance of
such temporary disability.
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall see
that all contracts awarded and work
done for the Department are faithfully
performed, and shall, upon the award
ing of any such contract, exact an ade
quate bond for the prompt and faithful
performance of the same.
The provisions of Article 11, Chapter
111, of this Charter, in regard to the ad
vertising for proposals, the affidavit
and security accompanying the same,
the presentation and opening of pro
posals, the aw. rding of contracts
and the security for the performance
thereof, shall, so far as the same can
be made applicable, apply to all pro
posals and contracts made, awarded or
entered Into for furnishing supplies to
the Fire Department. Any contract
made in violation of any of the provi
sions of this Chapter shall be void.
CHAPTER 111.
The Chief Engineer.
SECTION 1. The Board of Fire Com
missioners shall appoint a Chief Engi
neer, who Bhall be charged with the
special duty of superintending the ex
tinguishment of fires. The Chief En
gineer shall be the chief executive offi
cer of the Fire Department, and it shall
be his duty and that of the Assistant
Chief Engineers and of the Battalion
Chiefs to see that all laws, orders, rules
a.nd regulations in force in the City and
County, or made by the Commissioners
concerning the Fire Department, ar»
enforced.
Sec. 2. The Chief Engineer may sus
pend any subordinate officer, member
or employee of the Department for ln
competency, or for any violation of the
rules and regulations of the Fire De
partment, and shall forthwith report in
writing such suspension, with his rea
sons therefor, to the Commissioners fot
their action. He shall diligently ob
serve the condition of the apparatus
and workings of the Department and
report in writing thereon at least ones
a month to the Board and make such
recommendations and suggestions re
specting the same as he may deem
proper. In the absence or inability ot
the Chief Engineer, an Assistant Chief
Engineer shall perform his duties.
Sec. 3. The Chief Engineer, or, in his
absence, the Assistant Chief Engineers,
or, in their absence, any Battalion Chief
in charge may, during a conflagration,
cause to be cut* down or otherwise re
moved any buildings or structures for
the purpose of checking the progress of
such conflagration.
CHAPTER IV.
Fire Companies.
SECTION 1. Each Steam Fire En
gine Company shall be composed of not
more than one Captain, one Lieutenant,
one Engineer, one Driver, one Stoker
and five Hosemen.
Each Hook and Ladder Company
shall be composed of not more than ons
Captain, one Lieutenant, one Driver,
one Tillerman and eight Truckmen.
Each Chemical Engine Company shall
be composed of not more than one Cap
tain, one Lieutenant, one Driver and
one Hoseman.
Each Water Tower Company shall be
composed of not more than one Cap
tain, one Driver and one Hoseman.
Each Fire Boat Company shall be
composed of not more than one Cap
tain, one Lieutenant, one Engineer, one
Assistant Engineer, two Firemen, one
Pilot and twelve Hosemen.
CHAPTER V.
Fire Marshal.
SECTION 1. The Board of Fire Com
missioners, on the written recom
mendation of the Board of Directors of
the corporation known as the Under
writers' Fire Patrol of Ran Francisco,
may appoint such persons as may be
recommended by said Board of Di
rectors as Fire Marshal and Assistant
Fire Marshal. Vacancies occurring in
the office of Fire Marshal or Assistant
Fire Marshal shall be filled in the same
manner. The salaries of said Fire Mar
shal and of his assistant and deputies
shall be fixed and paid by said Board of
Directors of said Underwriters' Fire
Patrol of San Francisco, and in no
event shall the City and County be
liable therefor or any part thereof.
Sec. 2. The Fire Marshal or, in case
of his disability, the Assistant Fire
Marshal shall attend all fires which
may occur in the City and County,
and he shall take charge of and protect
all property which may be imperiled
thereby.
Sec. 3. The Fire Marshal may call
upon policemen during the time of any
fire fur the purpose of protecting prop
erty until the arrival of the owner or
claimant thereof, and in case the owner
or claimant of such property does not
take charge of the same within twenty
four hours, the Fire Marshal may have
such property stored at the owner's or
claimant's expense.
Sec. 4. The Fire Marshal shall be
charged with the enforcement of all
laws and ordinances relating to the
storage, 6ale and use of oils, combus
tible materials and explosives, together
with the investigation of the cause of
all fires. In all cases where there is
reason to believe that fires are the re
sult of crime or that crime has been
committed in connection therewith, the
Fire Marshal must report the same in
writing to the District Attorney. The
Fire Marshal shall also have the care
of, and may sell, subject to the orders
of the Board of Fire Commissioners, all
property saved from fire for which no
owner can be found, and at once pay
the amount realized from any such sale
Into the treasury. He shall exercise
the functions of a police officer.
Sec. 5. The Fire Marshal shall have
power to appoint deputies for inspect
ing buildings, but such deputies shall
receive no compensation for their serv
ices from the City and County.
CHAPTER VI.
Fire Wardens.
SECTION 1. The Chief Engineer. As
sistant Chief Engineers. Battalion
Chiefs and the Fire Marshal shall con
stitute a Board of Fire Wardens, with
power to inspect and report to the
Board of Public Works as to the safety
of buildings and other structures
within the City and County.
CHAPTER VII.
Firemen's Relief Fund.
SECTION 1. In order to continue
in force and make effectual pensions
already existing in favor of firemen, a
fund is hereby created to be known
and designated as the Firemen's Relief
Fund. The Board of Fire Commission
ers of the City and County and Its suc
cessors in office shall constitute a Board
of Trustees of said Fund. The Board
shall be known as the Board of Fire
Pension Fund Commissioners.
Sec. 2. There shall be annually
levied, collected and apportioned to the
Firemen's Relief Fund a tax sufficient
to meet and pay all demands upon said
Fund, for the purposes set out In this
Chapter.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners may, by a
unanimous vote, retire and relieve from,
service any aged, infirm or disabled
fireman of the Department who has ar
rived at the age of sixty-five years, and
who, upon an examination by two regu
larly certificated practicing physicians
appointed by the Commissioners for
that purpose, may be ascertained to be
by reason of such age, infirmity or
other disability, unfit for the perform
ance of his duties. Such retired fire
man shall receive from the Firemen's
Relief Fund a monthly pension equal to
one-half of the amount of the salary
attached to the rank held by him three
years prior to the date of his retire
ment. No such pension shall be paid
unless such person has been an active
member of the Fire Department for
twenty years continuously next pre
ceding his retirement, and the same
shall cease at his death,
Sec 4. Aiyr member of the Fire D»
partment who shall become physically
disabled by reason of any bodily In
jury received In the performance of his
duty, upon his filing with the Commis
sioners a verified petition setting forth
the facts constituting such disability
and the cause thereof, accompanied by
a certificate signed by the Chief of the
Fire Department, the Captain of the
Company to which he belongs, and by
two regularly certificated physicians of
the City and County, recommending his
retirement upon a pension on account of
such disability, may be retired from
the Department upon an annual pen
sion equal to one-half the -.mount of
salary attached to the rank which he
may have held three years prior to
the date of such retirement, to be paid
to him during his life and to cease at
his death. In case his disability shall
cease his pension shall cease, and he
shall be restored to the service in the
rank he occupied at the time of his re
tirement.
Sec. 5. The Commissioners shall, out
of the Firemen's Relief Fund, provide
as follows for the family of any of
ficer, member or employee of the Fire
Department who may be killed while
In the performance of his duty:
First — Should the decedent be mar
ried, his widow shall as long as she
may remain unmarried, be paid a
monthly p. .islon equal to one-half of
the salary attached to the rank held by
the decedent at the time of his death.
Second — Should the decedent leave no
widow, but leave an orphan child or
children under the age of sixteen years,
such children shall collectively receive
a pension equal to one-naff the salary
attached to the position held by their
father at the time of his death, until
the youngest attains the age of sixteen
years.
Third— Should the decedent leave no
widow and no orphan child or children,
but leave a parent or parents depend
ing solely upon him for support, such
parents, so depending, shall collectively
receive a pension equal to one-half the
salary attached to the position held by
the decedent at the time of his death
during such time as the Commissioners
may unanimously determine its neces
sity.
Sec. 6. Any person receiving a pen
sion from the Firemen's Relief Fund,
who shall be convicted of felony, or
who shall become dissipated, an habit
ual dri nkard, or who shall become a
non-resident of this State, shall for
feit all right to said pension.
Sec. 7. The Commissioners shall make
rules and regulations to carry out the
provisions of this Chapter and to en
force compliance therewith on the part
of the members of the Department. It
shall make up an estimate every year
of the amount required to pay all de
mands on the Firemen's Relief Fund
for the succeeding fiscal year, and cer
tify the same to the Supervisors In
connection with and as part of the an
nual appropriation of the Fire Depart
ment.
Sec. 8. The Board of Fire Pension
Fund Commissioners shall hold quar
terly meetings on the first Mondays of
April, July, October and January of
each year, and upon the call of its
President. It shall Issue warrants,
signed by its President and Secretary,
to the persons entitled thereto, for the
amount of money ordered paid to
such persons from the Firemen's Re
lief Fund. Each warrant shall state
for what purpose the payment is made.
The Board of Fire Pension Fund Com
missioners shall keep a public record
of its proceedings. It shall at each
quarterly meeting send to the Treas
urer and to the Auditor a written or
printed list of all persons entitled to
payment from the Relief Fund, stating
the amounts of such payments and
for what granted. Such list shall
be certified and signed by the Presi
dent and Secretary of the Board.
The Auditor shall thereupon enter a
copy of such list upon a book to be kept
for that purpose which shall be known
as the Firemen's Relief Fund Book. All
warrants signed by the President and
Secretary of the Board shall be pre
sented to the Auditor, and be audited
and ordered paid by him out of said
Fund.
Sec. 9. The Board of Fire Pension
Fund Commissioners shall possess the
powers vested In the Board of Fire
Commissioners to make rules and
regulations for Its guidance. It may
appoint a Secretary and provide for
the payment from said Fund of all its
necessary expenses, not exceeding fifty
dollars for any one month, including
the salary of the Secretary and print
ing: but no compensation shall be paid
to any member of the Board for any
duty required or performed as Fire
Pension Fund Commissioner.
CHAPTER VIII.
Salaries.
SECTION 1. The officers and mem
bers of the Fire Department shall re
ceive annual salaries as follows:
Chief Engineer, four thousand dollars;
First Assistant Chief Engineer, three
thousand dollars: Second Assistant En
gineer, twenty-four hundred dollars;
Battalion Chiefs, each twenty-one hun
dred dollars; Superintendent of En
gines, eighteen hundred do-llars; the
Clerk and Commissary of the Corpora
tion Yards, fifteen hundred dollars;
Captains, each fourteen hundred and
forty dollars: Lieutenants, each twelve
hundred dollars; Engineers, each
thirteen hundred and fifty dollars;
Drivers, Stokers. Tillermen, Truckmen,
Hosemen, and Stewards, for the first
year of service, each nine hundred and
sixty dollars; for the second year of
service, each ten hundred and eighty
dollars; and for the third year of ser
vice and thereafter each twelve hun
dred dollars; Hydrantmen, each ten
hundred and eighty dollars; Superin
tendent of horses, twelve hundred dol
lars; Draymen, each nine hundred dol
lars; Hostlers, each seven hundred and
twenty dollars; Watchmen, each nine
hundred dollars; Pilots of Fire Boats,
each twelve hundred do-llars; Engineers
of Fire Boats, each iifteen hundred dol
lars; Assistant Engineers of Fire Boats,
each fourteen hundred and forty dol
lars; Firemen of Fire Boats, each nine
hundred dollars.
CHAPTER IX.
Department of Electricity.
SECTION 1. There is hereby created
a Department of Electricity, which
shall have charge of the construction
and maintenance of the Fire Alarm and
Police Telegraph and Telephone Sys
tems, and shall be under the control of
a joint Commission composed of the
Board of Fire Commissioners and the
Board of Police Commissioners.
Sec. 2. There shall be appointed by
the Board of Fire Commissioners and
Board of Police Commissioners, acting
In joint session, a practical and skilled
electrician, who shall be called the
Chief of the Department of Electricity,
and who shall have general supervision
of the Department of Electricity. He
shaJl receive an annual salary of twen
ty-four hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. The Joint Commission may
appoint such assistants as may be nec
essary to keep the electric and tele
phone systems in working order; but of
those assistants appointed, no opera
tor or Inspector shall receive more than
twelve hundred dollars a year, and no
repairer, lineman, batteryman or in
strument-maker shall receive a salary
of more than ten hundred and eighty
dollars a year.
Sec. 4. The Fire Department and the
Police Department shall each have sole
control over its own systems and wires.
Sec. 5. Any citizen, firm or corpora
tion may, for the purpose of police or
fire protection, be connected with the
Police or Fire Signal System, or Tele
phone or Telegraph System, upon mak
ing fair payment for the connection
and use of the same. Such rates of
payment shall be fixed by ordinance of
the Supervisors; but no connection
shall be made so as to interfere with
the use of the main line.
Sec. 6. The Department of Electri
city Is also charged with the duty of en
forcing all the rules, regulations, or
ders ajid requirements made by ordi
nance of the Supervisors in regard to
the Inspection and supervision of elec
trical wires and appliances, and the
currents for furnishing light, heat or
power in and upon streets and build-
Ings in the City and County.
ARTICLE X.
DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC
HEALTH.
SECTION 1. There shall be a De
partment of Public Health under the
management of a Board of Health. The
Board shall consist of seven members,
five of whom shall be appointed by the
Mayor, and who shall be regularly cer
tificated physicians of the City and
County at the time of their appoint
ment, and who must have been such
for at least five years next preceding
their appointment. The Chief of Police
and the President of the Board of Pub
lic Works shall be members of the
Board by virtue of their office.
The members of the Board shall serve
without compensation. They shall
elect one of their number President,
and adopt such rules and regulations
as may be necessary for the govern
ment of the Board.
Sec. 2. The appointive members of
the Board shall hold office for four
years. Those first appointed under this
Charter shall so classify themselves by
lot that one of them shall go out of of
fice at the end of one year, one at the
end of two years, one at the end of
three years, and two at the end of four
years.
Sec. 3. The Board shall have the
management and control of the City
and County Hospitals, Almshouses,
Ambulance Service, Municipal Hospi
tals, Receiving Hospitals, and of all
matters pertaining to the preservation,
promotion and protection of the lives
and health of the inhabitants of the
City and County; and it may determine
the nature and character of nuisances
and provide for their abatement.
It shall have the sanitary supervision
of the municipal institutions of the City
and County, including jails, school
houses and all public buildings; of th«
disposition of the dead; of the disposi
tion of garbage, offal and other offen
sive substances.
Except as provided In Article 11,
Chapter 111, of this Charter, it shall
have exclusive control and disposition
of all expenditures necessary in the in
stitutions under its immediate control.
Sec. 4. The Board shall enforce all
ordinances, rules and regulations which
may be adopted by the Supervisors for
the carrying out and enforcement of a
good sanitary condition In the City and
County; for the protection of the public?
health; for determining the nature and
character of nuisances and for their
abatement; and for securing the proper
registration of births, deaths and other
statistical information. It shall from
time to time submit to the Supervisors
a draft of such ordinances, rules and
regulations as it may deem necessary
to promote the objects mentioned in
this section. •
Sec. 5. The Board may appoint such
officers, agents and employees as may
be necessary for the proper and ef
ficient carrying out and enforcement of
the purposes and duties of the Board,
and may fix their salaries and prescribe
their duties. All appointments in the
Department shall be made under the
provisions of Article XIII of this Char
ter, and no person so appointed by the
Poard shall be removed without cause.
Sec. 6. The Board may appoint f
Resident Physician of the City and
County Hospital, who must be a regu
larly certificated physician and who
must have been a resident of the City
and County for at least five years next
preceding his appointment. He shall
devote his time exclusively to the du
ties of his office.
Sec. 7. The Board shall appoint for
the City and County Hospital at least
two visiting physicians and at least
two visiting surgeons, who shall receive
no compensation for their services, but
who shall have the privilege of teach
ing students in their hospital wards.
Any student who is actively engaged in
the study of medicine shall have the
benefit of clinical Instruction In any of
the hospital wards.
Sec. 8. The Board may set aside one
ward in the City and County Hospital
for the treatment of confirmed inebri
ates.
Sec. 9. The Board may appoint such
undergraduates and other Internes to
the City and County Hospital as it may
deem necessary. They shall be ap
pointed after a competitve examination
by the Board in any or all branches of
medicine and surgery, and shall receive
board and lodging free for their ser
vices. They shall be under the control
and direction of the Resident Physi
cian, who may remove any of them for
neglect of duty, or for other good and
sufficient cause, subject to an appeal
to. and final decision by. said Board.
Sec. 10. The Board shall fix annually
the salaries of all officers and em
ployees of the Board. Such compensa
tion shall not exceed salaries paid for
similar services in private Institutions
of like character.
Sec. 11. The ratio of employees to In
mates of any Institution under the care
of the Board shall not exceed that
maintained by private Institutions of
like character.
ARTICLE XI.
DEPARTMENT OF ELECTIONS.
CHAPTER I.
Board of Election Commissioners.
SECTION 1. The conduct, manage
ment and control of the registration of
voters, and of the holding: of elections, '
and of all matters pertaining to elec- !
tions in the City and County, shall be
vested exclusively in and exercised by
a Board of Election Commissioners,
consisting of five members, who shall
be appointed by the Mayor, and shall
hold office for four years. Each of the
Commissioners shall receive an annual
salary of one thousand dollars. Each
member of the Board must be an elec
tor of the City and County at the time
of his appointment and must have
boen such for five years next preceding
such time. Those first appointed must
immediately after their appointment so
classify themselves by lot, that one
shall go out of office at the end of one
year, one at the end of two years, one
at the end of three years, and two at
the end of four years.
The Mayor shall not make any ap
pointment upon the Board at any time
before thirty days prior to the time
when such appointee Is to take office.
Two of the five members first appoint
ed shall be chosen from each of the two
political parties casting in the City am 1
County the highest vote for Governo
or Electors of President and Vie
President, as the case may be, at t 1
last preceding general election. T*r
fifth member shall be chosen from th>
political party casting the third highest
such vote at such election, if there be i
such third party. and if not, then at |
the discretion of the Mayor. Upon the
expiration of the term of office of any
Commissioner, the appointee must be j
chosen from the same political party as
the retiring Commissioner, consistently
with the foregoing provisions as to
equal representation at all times of the
two political parties casting the high
est vote at the general election last pre
ceding the appointment in question as
prescribed in this section.
Sec. 2. No member of the Board, nor
■Registrar, nor Deputy Registrar shall,
during his term of office, be a member
of any convention the purpose of which
Is to nominate candidates for office:
nor be eligible to any other municipal
ofVe durine the term for which he
shall have been appointed, or for one
year thereafter: nor act as officer of
any election or primary election: nor
take part in any election excent to
vote and when acting as Election Com
missioner, at which time he shall per
form only such official duties as may
be required of him by law and by this
Charter.
| Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall or-
SraS s"s?
ItH^cSSr^X^ The
Board shall appoint a Registrar of
Voters who shall receive an annual
salary of twenty-four hundred dollars.
The Registrar shall be the Secretary of
the Bofrd. and shall keep a record of
Its proceedings, and shall execute all
orders and enforce all rules "deregula
tions adopted by the Board The term
of office of the Registrar shall be four
Sec' 4 The Board may appoint such
other clerical assistants as may be ne
cessary at a salary not to exceed one
hundred dollars a month each fort"®
time actually employed. The Board
shall, by resolution adopted by a.ma
jority vote of all its members and en
tered upon its minutes, designate the
service to be rendered *>y such as
sistants and the time for which they
shall be employed. The time of em
ployment of such assistants shall not
be extended except by like resolution of
the Board, and when a salary shall
have been once fixed it shall not be in
creased. This section is subject to the
provisions of Article XIII of this
Chflrtcr
Sec. 5.' All provisions of the general
laws of this State respecting elections
shall be applicable to all elections held
in the City and County of San * ran
cisco. All provisions of the general laws
of this State respecting the registration
of voters shall be applicable to such
registration in the City and County.
The Board of Election Commissioners
must provide for precinct registration
so far as it can do so under the Con
stitution and laws of the State.
CHAPTER IL
Municipal Elections.
SECTION 1. There shall be held In
the City and County of San Francisco
on the first Tuesday after the first
Monday of November in the year one
thousand eight hundred and ninety
nine, and in every second year there
after, an election to be known as the
municipal election.
At said elections there shall be elected
by the electors of the City and County
the following officers: The Mayor,
eighteen Supervisors, an Auditor,
Treasurer, Assessor, Tax Collector,
Recorder, City Attorney, District At
torney, Public Administrator, County
Clerk Sheriff. Coroner and four Police
Judges. Each of the above officers
shall be elected for two years, except
the Police Judges and the Assessor,
each of whom shall be elected for four
years The Superintendent of Publlo
Schools shall be elected for four years,
and the Justices of the Peace for two
years, at the same time that members
of the Legislature are elected.
Sec. 2. All of the officers of th» City
and County of San Francisco who shall
be elected in the year one thousand
eight hundred and ninety-eight, under
existing laws, except the Superin
tendent of Public Schools and the Jus
tices of the Peace, shall hold office only
until the hour of noon on the first Mon
day after the first day of January in
the year nineteen hundred.
Sec. 3. The officers first elected aa
aforesaid under this Charter shall take
office at noon on the first Monday after
the first day of January following.
Sec. 4. The Mayor shall issue his
proclamation and publish the same in
the official newspaper for at least
twenty days previous to the day in each
year on which the municipal election is
to be held under this Charter, calling
upon the electors of the City and
County to meet for the purpose of
electing such officers as are provided
for in this Charter, reciting in such
proclamation the different officers to
be elected at such election.
ARTICLE XIL
I ACQUISITION OF PUBLIC UTIL
ITIES.
It Is hereby declared to be the pur
: pose and intention of the people of the
i City and County that its public utilities
'] shall be gradually acquired and ulti
i mately owned by the City and County.
I To this end it Is hereby ordained:
SECTION 1. Within one year from
i the date upon which this Charter shall
! go into effect, and at least every two
! years thereafter until the object ex
pressed in this provision shall have
I been fully attained, the Supervisors
; must procure through the City Engi-
n eer plans and estimates of the actual
i cost of the original construction and
! completion by the City and County of
i water works, gas works, electric light
I works, steam, water or electric power
' works, telephone lines, street railroads
' and such other public utilities as tha
Supervisors or the people by petition to
I the Board may designate.
In securing estimates of the original
i cost of the construction and completion
I of water works by the City and County,
j the Supervisors must procure and place
! on file plans and estimates of the cost
|of obtaining from all of the several
; available sources a sufficient and per
1 manent supply of good, pure water for
i the City and County, in order that
propositions for the acquisition, con
struction and completion thereof, and
the incurring of municipal indebtedness
therefor, may be submitted to the elec
tors of the City and County as herein
after set forth.
Sec. 2. After such plans and esti
mates shall have been procured and
filed, the Supervisors shall, at as early
a date as they may deem for the best
interests of the City and County enter
into negotiations for the permanent ac
quisition by the City and County, by
original construction, condemnation or
purchase of such or any of said
public utilities as they may regard
most important to the City and County
to be first acquired, and to formulate
and submit to the electors of the City
and County, at a special election, prop
ositions for the permanent acquisition
and ownership thereof.
Before submitting propositions to
the electors for the acquisition by orig
inal construction or condemnation, of
public utilities, the Supervisors must
solicit and consider offers for the sale
to the City and County of existing util
ities in order that the electors shall
have the benefit of acquiring the same
at the lowest possible cost thereof.
Sec. 3. When a petition or petitions
signed by electors of the City and
County equal in number to fifteen per
centum of all the votes cast at the last
preceding general election shall be pre
sented to the Supervisors, setting forth
that the signers thereof favor the ac
quisition by the City and County of any
lubllc utility, and requesting the
3oard to prepare for submission to the
lectors of the City and County, aa
ereinafter provided, a proposition for
ie acquisition of such utility, it shall
>c the duty of the Board to immediate
ly take such steps or to enter into such
negotiations as will enable it to formu
late such a proposition for submission
to the electors as aforesaid. Such prop
osition shall be so formulated and com
pleted within six months from the date
of the filing of such petition. The ClerU
of the Supervisors must, immediately
upon the filing of the aforesaid petition
or petitions, after examining and veri
fying the signatures thereto, transmit
an authenticated copy thereof, without
the signatures, to the Board of Election
Commissioners, and another such copy
to the Mayor, together with a certifi
cate that the required number of signa
tures are appended to the original. The
Mayor shall also have the right to for
mulate and submit to the electors &
separate proposition from that formu
lated by the Supervisors for the acqui
sition of the utility named in said peti
tion. At the next municipal election af
ter the formulation of such proposi
tions by the Supervisors and the May
or, the Board of Election Commission
ers shall submit to the electors the two
alternative propositions. The proposi
tion receiving a majority of the votes
cast thereon shall be adopted; but in
case the votes cast in favor of fcothpropositions shall not exceed one-half
the total number of votes cast thereon,
both propositions shall be deemed re
jected.
Nothing' in this section shall be so
construed as to prohibit the Supervis
ors from responding to the aforesaid
petition of the electors requesting the
acquisition of any public utility by pro
ceeding at once, without the submission
of propositions to the electors as afore- |
said, to pass an ordinance declaring its j
determination to acquire the same as
provided in section six of this Article
und from proceeding thereafter to ac
quire the same In the manner herein
after provided.
Sec. 4. In case the cost of any public
utility sought to be acquired under the
provisions of this Article, can be paid
out of the annual revenues of the City
and County, in addition to the other
necessary expenditures thereof, it shall
be lawful to acquire the same by a ma
jority vote of the electors voting there
on at any special election. In submit
ting propositions to the electors for.
such acquisition the Supervisors shall
specify in such proposition the cost of
the public utility, the proposed method
and manner of payment therefor, and
submit to the electors the question
whether the same shall be acquired
upon such terms.
In case, however, the cost of such
public utility sought to be acquired
under the provisions of this Article
shall so far exce,ed the annual revenues
of the City and County, in addition to
the other necessary expenditures there
of, as to render it necessary to incur a
municipal bonded indebtedness for such
purpose, then the Supervisors, in sub
mitting propositions to the electors for
the acquisition thereof, shall specify
therein the amount of the proposed
bonded indebtedness, the rate of inter
est thereon, and whether suc.h bonded
indebtedness shall be incurred. At
least two- thirds of the electors voting
thereon at such election shall be neces
sary to secure such acquisition and to
warrant the issuance of municipal
bonds therefor, as hereinafter set forth.
Sec. 5. When the electors by vote
shall have determined, as hereinbefore
set forth, to acquire any public utility,
such action on the part of the electors
shall be equivalent to the passing of
the ordinance by the Supervisors de
claring such determination as set forth
In section six of this Article, and the
Supervisors shall proceed without de
lay to pass an ordinance calling a
special election as required by section
seven. of this Article.
Sec. 6. When the Supervisors shall de
termine that the public interest or ne
cessity demands the acquisition, con
struction or completion of any public
utility, the cost of which will be too
great to be paid out of the ordinary an
nual income and revenue of the City and
County, the Supervisors shall, by or
dinance, specifically declare such de
termination, and shall publish the same
for at least two weeks in the official
newspaper.
Sec. 7. At the next regular meeting of
the Supervisors after the publication of
the ordinance declaring said deter
mination as above set forth, or at an
adjourned meeting thereof, or not less
than two weeks nor more than four
■weeks after the electors by vote shall
have determined to acquire any public
utility, the Supervisors by ordinance
shall call a special election, at which
shall be submitted to the electors the
proposition of acquiring such public
utility, and of incurring a debt for the
acquisition of the same as set forth in
such ordinance. No question other
than the acquisition of such utility and
the Incurring of the indebtedness
therefor shall be submitted at such
election.
Sec. 8. The ordinance calling such
special election shall recite the objects
and purposes for which the indebted
ness is proposed to be incurred, the es
timated coat of the proposed public
utility, the necessity for the acquisition
of the same, and that bonds of the City
and County shall issue for the payment
of the cost of the same as in such or
dinance set forth (if the proposition be
accepted by the electors), and shall fix
a day on which such special election
shall" be held, the manner of holding
such election, and the manner of voting
for or against incurring such indebted
ness. Such election shall be held as
provided by law for holding elections
In the City and County.
Pec. 9. Such ordinance shall be pub
lished daily for at least ten days in the
omefal newspaper. At the expiration
of said ten days the Supervisors shall
cause to be published dally for not less
than two weeks in the official newspa
per a notice of such special election.
Such notice shall specify the purpose
for which the indebtedness is to be in
curred, the number and character of
the bonds to be issued, the rate of in
terest to. be paid, and the amount of
tax levy to be made for tile payment
thereof.
Sec. 10. No Indebtedness shall be in
curred for the acquisition of any public
utility under the provisions of this Ar
ticle, which, together with the existing
bonded indebtedness of the City and
County, shall exceed at any one time
fifteen per centum of the assessed value
of all real and personal property In the
City and County.
Sec. 11. The bonds Issued under the
provisions of this Article shall be of the
character of bonds known as serials,
and shall be payable in lawful money
of the United States. The Supervisors
shall decide at the times of the Issue
of the bonds in what lawful money of
the United States said bonds shall be
payable. Not less than one-fortieth
part of the whole amount of indebted
ness shall be paid each and every year,
on a day and at a place to be fixed by
the Supervisors, together with the in
terest on all sums unpaid nt such date.
The bonds so issued shall be exempt
from all taxation for municipal pur
poses, and shall be issued In denomina
tions of not less than ten dollars nor
greater than one thousand .dollars, and
preference in the sale and allotment
thereof shall be given to subscribers for
the smallest amounts and lowest de
nominations. - * /'
Said bonds must be payable on the
day and at the place fixed therein.- and
with interest at the rate specified there
in, but such Interest shall not exceed
four per centum per annum, payable
annually, semi-annually or quarterly, j
as the Supervisors may determine.
Such bonds, when Issued, may be sold
by the Supervisors from time to time
as required, and In such quantities as
they may determine, but the samemust
be sold for cash in lawful money of the
United States as aforesaid to the high- j
est bidder at not less than par, after
having been advertised In the official
paper. They shall be sold under
sealed proposals, and the Supervisors
:-hall have the right to reject any or all
bids made for the purchase thereof.
The proceeds, of such sales shall be
placed In the treasury to the credit of
the proper fund and shall be - applied I
exclusively to the purposes and objects j
mentioned. in the ordinance authorizing
their issue until such objects are fully
accomplished, after which, if any sur
plus remains, such surplus shall be
transferred to the General Fund.
Bee, 12. Such bonds shall be signed
by the Mayor and the Treasurer, and
tall be countersigned by the Auditor.
he coupons «hall be numbered con
secutively and si cried by the Treasurer,
find the bonds find coupons shall be j
payable at the office of the Treasurer. I
Sec 13. At the time of levying the
niunlclpal tax and In the manner pro
vMod for, uch tax levy, the Super
visors shall levy and collect annually
ft tax sufficient to pay the annual in
terest on such bonds, and also the
proper aliquot part of the' aggregate
amount of such indebtedness' so in
curred. Such taxes shall be in addition
to all other taxes levied for municipal
purposes, and shall be collected at the
same time and in the same manner as
other municipal taxes- are collected.
Sec. 14. a neglect or refusal on the
part, of the Supervisors to comply with
the provisions of this Article shall .con
stitute cause for the removal from
office of any member or members of the
Board guilty of such neglect or refusal.
ARTICLE XIII.
CIVIL SEBVICB.
SECTION 1. Immediately upon the
taking effect of this Charter the Mayor
shall appoint three persons, known by
him to be devoted to the principles of
Civil Service reform, who shall consti
tute the Civil Service Commission, one
for one year, one for two years, and one
for three years. Each year thereafter
the Mayor shall in like manner ap
point one person as the successor of the
Commissioner whose term of office ex
pires in that year, to serve as such
Commissioner for three years. AH ap
pointments shall be so made that not
more than one Commissioner shall at
any time belong to the same political
party. Each of such Commissioners
shall receive an annual salary of
twelve hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. The Commissioners shall
classify all the places of employment in
or under the offices and departments of
the City and County mentioned in sec
tion eleven of this Article, with refer
ence to the examinations hereinafter
provided for. The places so classified
by the Commissioners shall constitute
the classified civil service of the City
and County, and no appointment to any
such place shall be made except ac
cording to the rules hereinafter men
tioned.
Bee. 3. The Commissioners shall
make rules to carry out the purposes
of this Article, and for examinations,
appointments, promotions and re
movals, and in accordance with its pro
visions may from time to time, make
changes in the existing rules. All rules
and all changes therein shall be forth
with printed for distribution by the
Commissioners.
Sec. 4. All applicants for places in
the classified civil service shall be sub
jected to examination, which shall be
public, competitive and free. Such ex
aminations shall be practical In their
character, and shall relate to those
matters only which will fairly test the
relative capacity of the persons ex
amined to discharge the duties of the
positions to which they seek to be ap
pointed, and shall include, when ap
propriate, tests of physical qualifica
tions, health, and of manual or pro
fessional skill.
Sec. 5. The selection of laborers
shall be governed by priority of appli
cation only. No question in any ex
amination shall relate to political or re
ligious opinions or affiliations. The
Commissioners shall control all ex
aminations, and may, whenever an ex
amination is to take place, designate a
suitable number of persons, either in or
not in the official service of the City
and County, to be examiners; and, if
in the official service, it shall be a part
of their official duty, without extra
compensation, to conduct such ex
aminations as the Commissioners may
direct, and to make return and report
thereof to the Commissioners. The
Commissioners may substitute any
other person, whether in or not in such
service, in the place of any one so se
lected, or may themselves act as such
examiners.
Sec. 6. Notice of the time, place and
general scope of every examination
shall be given by the Commissioners
by publication for two weeks preceding
such examination in the official news
paper, and such notice shall also be
posted by the Commissioners in a con
spicuous place in their office for two
weeks before such examination. Such
further notice of examination shall be
given as they may prescribe.
Sec. 7. From the returns of the ex
aminers, or from the examinations
made by the Commissionars, the Com
missioners shall prepare a register for
each grade or class of positions in the
classified service of the City and
County of the persons whose general
average standing upon examination for
such grade or class is not less than the
minimum fixed by the rules of the
Commissioners, and who are otherwise
eligible. Such persons shall take rank i
upon the register as candidates in the
order of their relative excellence, as
determined by examination, without
reference to priority of time of ex
amination.
Sec. 8. The Commissioners shall pro
vide for promotion in the classified ser
vice on the basis of ascertained merit
and seniority in service and standing
upon examination, and shall provide, in
all cases where practicable, that vacan
cies shall be filled by promotion. All
examinations for promotion shall be
competitive among such members of
the next lower rank established by the
Commissioners for each department as
desire to submit themselves to such ex
aminations. The Commissioners shall
submit to the appointing power the
names of not more than three appli
cants having the highest rating for
each promotion. The method of exam
ining, and the rules governing the same,
and the method of certifying, shall be
the same, as near as may be, as pro
vided for applicants for original ap
pointments.
Sec. 9. The head of the department
or office, in which a position classified
under this Article is to be filled, shall
notify the Commissioners of that fact,
and the Commissioners shall then certi
fy to the appointing officer the name
and address of one or more candidates,
not exceeding three, standing highest
upon the register for the class or grade
to which the position belongs; but la
borers shall be taken according to their
priority of application. In making such
certification, sex shall be disregarded,
except when some statute, the rules of
the Commissioners, or the appointing
power specifies sex.
Pec. 10. The appointing officer shall
notify the Commissioners of each posi
tion to be filled separately, and shall
fill such place by the appointment of
one of the persons certified to him by
the Commissioners therefor. Such ap
pointment shall be on probation for a
period to be fixed by the rules of the
Commissioners; but such rules . shall
not fix such period at exceeding six
months. The Commissioners may strike
off names of candidates from the regis
ter after they have remained thereon
more than two years. At or before the
expiration of the period of probation,
the head of the department or office in
which a candidate is employed, may,
by and with the consent of the Com
missioners, discharge him upon assign
ing in writing his reason therefor to
the Commissioners. If he is not then
discharged, his appointment shall be
doomed complete. To prevent the stop
page of public business, or to meet ex
traordinary exigencies, the head of any
department or office may, with the ht>
proval of the Commissioners, make
temporary appointments, to remain in
force not exceeding sixty days, and only
until regular appointments, under the
provisions of this Article, can be made.
Pec. 11. The provisions of this Article
shall apply to the following offices and !
departments of the City and County:
the County f 'lerk, the Assessor, the Tax i
Collector, the Sheriff, the Auditor, the
Recorder, the Coroner, the Clerks and
Stenographers of the Justices' and Po
lice Courts, the Board of Public Works,
the Police Department, the Fire De
partment, the Board of Election Com
missioners, the Board of Health and all
hoards or departments controlling
public utilities; but the following dep
uties, clerks and employees in said of
fices and departments shall be exempt
ed therefrom: the Cashier of the Coun
ty Clerk, the Chief Deputy and the |
Cashier of the Assessor, the Chief Dep
uty and the Cashier of the Tax Collec
tor, the Under Sheriff and the Chief-
Bookkeeper of the Sheriff, the Deputy
Auditor, the Chief Deputy of the Re
corder, the Chief Deputy Coroner, the
City Engineer, the Secretary rind the
Architect of the Rnard of Public Work*.
the Registrar of the Board of Election
Commissioners, the Chief of Police, the
Chief Engineer of the Fire Department,
find all physicians appointed by or on
the Board of Health. All officers, courts,
boards and heads of departments vest
ed in this Charter with the power to
appoint deputies, clerks, stenographers
or employees in any of the offices or ]
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AKD COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
departments of the City and County
mentioned in this section shall mak«
such appointments in conformity with
the rules and provisions prescribed by
this Article, and any appointment not
bo made shall be void.
Sec. 12. No deputy, clerk or employee
in the classified civil service of the City
and County, who shall have been ap
pointed under said rules, shall be re
moved or discharged except for cause,
upon written charges and after an op
portunity to be heard in his own de
fense. Such charges shall be Investi
gated by or before the Civil Service
Commission, or by or before some offi
cer or board appointed by the Commis
sioners to conduct such investigation.
The finding and decision of the Com
missioners, or such investigating office*,
or board, when approved by the Com
missioners, shall be certified to the ap
pointing officer or board, and shall bi
forthwith enforced by such officer.
Nothing in this Article shall limit the
power of any officer or board to sus
pend a subordinate for a reasonable pe
riod, not exceeding thirty days.
Sec. 13. Immediate notice in writing
shall be given by the appointing power
to the Commissioners of all appoint
ments, permanent or temporary, made
in such classified civil service, and of
all transfers, promotions, resignations,
suspensions or vacancies from any
cause in such service, and of the date
thereof; and a record of the same shall
be kept by the Commissioners. When
any place of employment is created or
abolished, or the compensation at
tached thereto altered, the officer or
board making such change shall Imme
diately report in writing to the Com
missioners.
Sec. 14. The Commissioners shall In
vestigate the enforcement of the pro
visions of this Article, and of its rules,
and the action of the examiners herein
provided for, and the conduct and
action of the appointees in the
classified service in the City and
County, and may inquire as to
the nature, tenure and compensation
of all places In the public service there
of.
Sec. 15. The Commissioners shall, on
or before the fifteenth day of January
in each year, make to the Supervisors
a report showing their acts, the rules
in force, the practical effects thereof,
and suggestions for the more ef
fectual accomplishment of the purposes
of this Article. The Mayor may re
quire a report from the Commissioners
at any time.
Sec. 16. The Commissioners shall em
ploy a Chief Examiner who shall, under
their direction, superintend any exam
ination held in the City and County
under this Article, and who shall per
form such duties as the Commissioners
may prescribe. The Chief Examiner
shall be Secretary of the Commission
by virtue of his office. He shall keep
minutes of its proceedings, preserve all
reports made to it, and keep a record of
all examinations held under its direc
tion. He shall receive an annual salary
of twenty-four hundred dollars.
Sec. 17. The Supervisors shall fur
nish the Commission with suitable of
fices, office furniture, books, stationery,
blanks, heat and light, and shall pro
vide for the payment of such other ex
penses as may be necessarily incurred j
in carrying out the provisions of this
Article.
Sec. 18. No person or officer shall by i
himself, or in co-operation with other
persons, defeat, deceive or obstruct any
person in respect to his or her right of !
examination; or falsely mark, grade,
estimate or report upon the examina
tion or proper standing of any person |
examined hereunder, or aid in so doing; !
or make any false representations con
cerning the same, or concerning the
person examined; or furnish to any j
person any special or secret infor
motion for the purpose of either
Improving or injuring the prospects or i
chances of any person of being ap- i
pointed, employed or promoted.
Pec. 19. The Commissioners shall cer
tify to the Auditor all appointments to
places of employment in the classified
civil service, ai.d all vacancies occurring ;
therein, whether by dismissal, resign a- i
tion or death, and all findings made or j
approved by the Commission under the
provisions of Section twelve of this Ar
ticle.
Sec. 20. The Commissioners shall have
power to institute and' prosecute legal
proceedings for violation of any of the
provisions of this Article.
ARTICLE XIV.
PARK COMMISSIONERS.
SECTION 1. The lands designated
upon the map of the Outside Lands of
i the City and County, made pursuant to
I Order Number One Hundred, by the
i word "Park," extending from Stanyan ;
I street to the Pacific Ocean and known I
■ as Golden Gate Park; also the land '
j fronting on Haight street, designated
upon said map by the word "Park,"
! and known as "Buena Vista Park"; j
also the land designated upon said map '
S by the word "Avenue," extending from j
Baker street westward until it crosses i
Stanyan street; also that certain high- j
; way bounded on the west by the Pacific i
1 Ocean, and designated upon said map !
!as "Great Highway"; also "Mountain!
! Lake Park"; also "Seal Rocks," as
; ceded to the City and County of San
j Francisco by Act of Congress; and all
; the other parks and squares in the City '
! and County, and all the grounds j
! surrounding public buildings in the i
j City and County, and a!l parks and j
\ squares and public pleasure grounds
I hereafter acquired by the City and
County shall be under the exclusive
| control and mangement of a Board of
j Commissioners, who shall be known
1 and designated as Park Commissioners.
Sec. 2. The Commissioners shall be
i successors in office of the Park Com
: missioners holding office in the City
i and County at the time this Charter
; shall go into effect by virtue of ap
| pointment under any statute of this
i State.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall be
! five In number, one of whom must be
an artist. They shall be appointed by
the Mayor for a term of four years and
shall receive no compensation for their
services. They shall so classify them
selves by lot that one of them shall go
out of office at the end of one year, one
at the end of two years, one at the end
of three years, and two at the end of
four years.
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall or
ganize by electing one of their number
President, and they may elect a Secre
tary who is not a member of the Board
The Board shall establish rules and
j regulations for its government and for
! the performance of Its duties, and for
the conduct of Its officers and em
: ployees, and shall require adequate
! bonds from all of them, except labor
! ers, for the faithful performance of
their duties in such sums as may be
fixed by it. Such bonds shall be ap
| proved by the Mayor and filed in the
; office bf the Auditor. The person
i elected President shall hold his office
| for one year, or until his successor Is
elected. The Board must hold regular
meetings at least once in two weeks,
and as many special meetings as it
may deem proper.
Three of the Commissioners shall con
stitute a quorum for the transaction of
business. No contract shall be entered
into authorizing the expenditure of
money without the approval of four of
the Commissioners. Every "ontract
exceeding five hundred dollars in
■ amount shall be open to public com
petition, unless the Board shall deter
mine in any given case to have the
work done by day's labor. All the pro
visions of the Article in this Charter on
the Department of Public Works relat
ing to contracts shall be applicable to
nil contract work ordered by th<; Com
missioners.
Sec. 5. The Commissioners may
adopt ordinances for the regulaticn, use
and government of the aforesaid park«,
squares, avenues and grounds not in
consistent with the laws of the State
of California or with this Charter. Such
ordinances shall, within five days after
I their passage, be published for ten
[days, Sundays excepted, In the official
newspaper. Any person violating any
of such ordinances shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and ■Jhall be
punished therefor, on conviction, n any
court of competent jurisdiction. Noneof
such ordinances shall be valid unless it
receives the vote of four membera of
the Board. No ordinance shall be
passed at the same meeting at which it
is Introduced, or at any other than a
regular meeting. Such ordinances shall
take effect in not less than ten days af
ter their adoption.
Sec. 6. The Commissioners shall have
the complete and exclusive control,
management and direction of the afore
said parks, squares, avenues and
grounds, and the exclusive right to
erect, and to superintend the erection
of, buildings and structures thereon;
and to that end may employ and ap
point superintendents, laborers, sur
veyors, engineers, and other officers and
assistants, and prescribe and fix their
duties, authority and compensation.
They shall have the exclusive manage,
ment and disbursement of all funds le
gally appropriated or received from
any source for the support of said
parks, squares, avenues and grounds.
The Board may accept from donors
suitable articles for the Museum and
Art Gallery situate in the aforesaid
Golden Gate Park and shall manage
and control said Museum and Art Gal-
lery.
Except as provided In section nine of
this Chapter, nothing in this section
shall be bo construed as to authorize the
Commissioners to lease any part of any
of said parks, squares, avenues and
grounds to any person, company or cor
poration for any purpose; or to permit
any person, company or corporation to
build or maintain any structure on any
part of said parks, squares, avenues or
grounds: but this shall not inhibit the
Board from leasing, for a period not
greater than one year, such buildings
as may be constructed by itself for the
use of the public to sach person, com
pany or corporation who shall under
take to serve such use; and in -svery
such lease the Board shall reserve the
right to enter at all times into and upon
the premises so leased, and shall make
the condition that the building so
leased shall be used for paric-pleasi're
purposes only. No such builiin? shall
be constructed by the Board except it
he within the objects and purposes for
which said parks, squares, ove mes and
grounds were dedicated to the public.
Nothing, however, in this section con
tained shall inhibit the Board from
permitting the use of a limited portion
of any one of the aforesaid parks or
squares for the purpose of. conducting
thereon a Fair or Exposition, under
such conditions and restrictions as may
be necessary 1o conserve tho integrity
of said parks and squares, and for a pe.
rkd not grealei than six months, and
so as not to interfere with the use ot
any of the same by the public for park
pleasure purposes; but no such permis
sion shall ever be granted except such
Fair or Exposition be of National, Stata
or Municipal mportance. None of the
moneys in, or "apportioned to, the Park
Fund shall fee used for th? purposes c>
any such Fair rr Exposition.
Sec. 7. The Chief of Police shall, on
the request of the ComnvfHionerr, de
tail Evch members of the Police Force
lof the City and County f or service in
I raid parks, squares, averts and
jgroundsas may be necessaryfor theen
fc-rcement of the law and for the proper
observance of the ordinances of the
| Commissioners; and the Cr mmissioners
may provide 8 place of det-ntion with
in either of said public pla >es in which
the persons arrested for violating any
I of (.he ordinances of the Board may be
detained tempeiarily.
Sec. 8. The Board may receive dona
! tlons from persons and corporations
| and legacies and bequests for the im
provement of said park, squares, ave
nues and grounds. All moneys that
may be derived from such donations,
legacies and bequests, shall, unless
otherwise provided by the terms of
such gift, legacy, or bequest, be de
posited in the treasury of the City and
County to the credit of the Park Fund.
The same may be withdrawn therefrom
and paid out in the same manner as is
provided for the payment of moneys le
gally appropriated for the support and
improvement of such parks, squares,
avenues and grounds. If the moneys
derived from such gifts, bequests or
legacies, shall at any time exceed in
amount the sum necessary for imme
diate expenditures on said parks,
squares, avenues and grounds, • the
Board shall invest all or a part of the
same in interest bearing bonds of the
United States, or of the State of Cali
fornia or of any municipality thereof.
Sec. 9. The Board may lease to the
State of California, on such terms as it
may deem proper, a plot of ground in
Golden Gate Park not more than seven
hundred feet square, on which said
State may erect and maintain an ex
position building, in which may be ex
hibited the products of the several
counties of the State and in which the
collection made by the State Mining
Bureau may be maintained and ex
hibited; but said lease shall be upon the
express condition that no fee shall ever
be charged for admission to said build-
Sec. 10. Hereafter no work of art
shall become the property of the City
and County by purchase, gift or other
wise, unless such work of art or design
of the same, together with a statement
of the proposed location of such work
of art. shall first have been submitted
to and approved by the Commissioners;
nor shall such work of art, until so ap
proved, be erected or placed in or upon,
or allowed to extend over or upon
any street, avenue, square, park, muni
cipal building or other public place be
longing to the City and County. The
Beard may require a complete model
of the proposed work of art to be sub
mitted. Tho term "work of art" as used
in this section shall apply to and in
clude all paintings, mural decorations,
stained glass, statues, bas-reliefs or
other sculptures, monuments, foun
tains, arches or other structures of a
permanent character, intended for
ornament or commemoration. No ex
isting work of art in the possession of
the City and County shall be removed,
relocated or altered in any way with
out the similar approval of the Board.
When so requested by the Mayor, or
the Supervisors, or the Board of
Public Works, or the Board of Educa
tion, the Board of Park Commissioners
shall act in a similar capacity, with
similar powers, in respect of the de
signs of municipal buildings, bridges,
approaches, g-ates, fences, lamps or
other structures erected or to be greet
ed upon land belonging to the City and
County, and in respect of the lines,
grades and plotting of public ways and
grounds, and in respect of arches,
bridges, structures and approaches
which are the property of any corpora
tion or private individual and which
shall extend over or upon any street,
avenue; highway, park or public plare
belonging to the City and County. This
section shall not be so construed as to
Impair the power of the Park Commis
sioners to refuse their consent to the
erection or acceptance of public monu
ments or memorials or other works of
art of any sort within any park, square
or public place in the City and County.
Sec. 11. The Supervisors shall pro
vide all necessnry money for the main
tenance, preservation and improve
ment of said parks, squares, avenues
and grounds, and to that end shall an
nually levy a tax on all property in the
City and County not exempt from taxa
tion, which shall not ro less than five
cents nor more than seven cents upon
each one hundred dollars assessed
valuation of said property.
ARTICLE XV.
BONDS OF OFFICIALS.
SECTION 1. Officers of the City and
County, before entering upon the dis
charge of their official duties, shall
respectively prive and execute to the
City and County such official bonds as
may be required by law, ordinance or
this Charter . When the amount of any
bond is not fixed by law or by this
Charter, It shall be fixed by an ordi
nance of the Supervisors. All bonds,
excepting those of the Mayor and Au
ditor, must be approved by the Mayor
and Auditor; the bond of the Mayor
must be approved by the Auditor, and
the bond of the Auditor must be ap
proved by the Mayor. The approval of
every official bond must be indorsed
thereon, and signed by the officers ap
proving the same, after examination
of the sureties, as hereinafter pro
vided. Upon the approval of a bond it
must be recorded, at the expense of
the party giving the bond, in the office
of the Recorder, in a book kept for
that purpose, entitled Record of Official
Bonds. The bond of the Auditor shall
be filed and kept in the office of the
County Clerk. "~he bonds of all other
officers shall be filed and kept in the
office of the Auditor.
Sec. 2. The following officers shall
respectively execute official bonds to
the City and County, with sureties, in
the following sums:
Mayor, twenty-five thousand dollars:
Auditor, fifty thousand dollars; Treas
urer, one hundred thousand dollars;
Tax Collector, one hundred thousand
dollars; Assessor, fifty thousand dol
lars; County Clerk, fifty thousand dol
lars; Recorder, ten thousand dollars;
Sheriff, fifty thousand dollars; Coroner,
ten thousand dollars; City Attorney,
ten thousand dollars* District Attor
ney, ten thousand dollars; Public Ad
ministrator, fifty thousand dollars; Su
perintendent of Public Schools, five
thousand dollars; each Commissioner
of Public Works, twenty-five thousand
dollars; Clerk of the Supervisors, ten
thousand dollars; each Supervisor, five
thousand dollars; each School Director,
five thousand dollars; each Fire Com
missioner, ten thousand dollars; each
Police Commissioner, five thousand dol
lars; each Election Commissioner, ten
thousand dollars; Property Clerk of
Police Department, ten thousand dol
lars; the Warrant and Bond Clerk, ten
thousand dollars. '
Sec. 3. City and County officers shall
not be accepted as surety for each
other on official bonds. Every bond
shall contain a condition that the prin
cipal will faithfully perform all official
duties then, or that, may thereafter be,
imposed upon or required of him by
law, ordinance, or this Charter, and
that at the expiration of his term of
office he will surrender to his successor
all property, books, papers, and docu
ments that may come into his posses
sion as such officer. Such bond must
also be executed by two or more sure
ties who shall each justify in the
amount required for said bond; but
when the amount of the bond is more
than five thousand dollars, the sureties
may become severally liable for por
tions of not less than twenty-five hun
dred dollars. When there are more
than two sureties, such sureties may
justify in an amount which in the ag
gregate shall equal double the amount
of said bond.
Sec. 4. Every surety upon an official
bond, other than lawfully authorized
surety companies, must make an affi
davit, which shall be endorsed upon
such bond, that he is a resident and
freeholder in the City and County, and
worth in property situated in the City
and County, exclusive of incumbrances
thereon, double the amount of his un
dertaking over and above all sums for
which he is already liable or in any
manner bound, whether as principal,
indorser or surety, and whether such
prior obligation or liability be condi
tional or absolute, liquidated, or un
liquidated, due or to become due. All
persons offered as sureties on official
bonds may be examined on oath as to
their qualifications by the officers whose
duty it is to approve the bond.
Sec. 5. When under any of the pro
visions of this Charter, or of any ordi
nance, an official bond shall be required
from an officer, the Supervisors may,
by resolution, require an additional
bond, whenever, in the opinion of
such board, such bond or any surety
thoreto becomes insufficient; and such
additional bond shall also be required
wlien a surety to a bond shall die or
cease to be a resident of the City and
County.
Sec. 6. Every officer shall be liable on
his official bond for the acts and omis
sions of his deputies, assistants, clerks,
and employees, appointed by him, and
of any and each of them, and every of
ficial bond shall contain such a condi
tion.
Sec. 7. Every board, department or
officer may require of their deputies,
clerks or employees bonds of Indemnity
with sufficient sureties for the faithful
performance of their duties.
ARTICLE XVI.
MISCELLANEOUS.
SECTION 1. The words "City and
County" wherever they occur in this
Charter mean the City and County of
San Francisco; and every department,
board and officer, wherever either one
of them is mentioned in this Charter,
means a department, board or officer,
as the case may be, of the City and
County of San Francisco.
Sec. 2. All deputies, clerks, assistants
and other employees of the City and
County must be citizens of the United
States, and must, during their respect
ive terms of office or employment, ac
tually reside in the City and County
and must have so resided for one year
next preceding their appointment.
Sec. 3. No officer of the City and
County, except members of the Police
Department acting under orders of the
Chief thereof, shall absent himself
from the State; but he may, once only
during his term of office, so absent him
self for a period of not more than sixty
days upon the written permission of
the Mayor so to do. Violation of this
section shall be sufficient cause for the
removal of any officer violating the
same.
Sec. 4. Any person holding a salaried
office under the City and County,
whether by election or appointment,
who shall, during his term of office,
hold or retain any other salaried office
under the government of the United
States, or of this State, or who shall
hold any other salaried office connected
with the government of the City and
County, or who shall become a member
of the Legislature, shall be deemed to
have thereby vacated the office held
by him under the City and County.
Sec. 5. No department, board or offi
cer shall, under any circumstances, em
ploy more subordinates than are spe
cifically provided for in this Charter or
buy supplies beyond the sum furnished
therefor by the Supervisors.
Sec. 6. No Supervisor and no officer
or employee of the City and County,
shall be or become, directly or indirect
ly. Interested in. or in the performance
cf, any contract, work, or business, or
in the sale of any article, the expense,
price or consideration of which is paya
ble from the treasury; or in the pur
chase or lease of any real estate or
other property belonging to, or taken
by, the City and County, or which shall
be sold for taxes or assessments, or by
virtue of legal process at the suit of the
City and County. If any person in this
section designated shall, during the
time for which he was elected or ap
pointed, acquire an interest in any con
tract with, or work done for, the City
and County, or any department or offi
cer thereof, or in any franchise, right or
privilege granted by the City and Coun
ty, unless the same shall be devolved
upon him by law, he shall forfeit his of
fice, and be forever after debarred and
disqualified from being elected, ap
pointed or employed in the service of
the City and County: and all such con
tracts shall be void, and shall not be
enforceable against the City and Coun
ty.
Sec. 7. No officer or employee of the
City and County shall give or promise
to give to any other person, "any por
tion of his compensation, or any money,
or valuable thing, in consideration of
having been, or of being, nominated,
appointed, voted for, or elected to, any
office or employment; and If any such
promise or gift be made, the person
making such gift or promise shall for
feit his office and employment, and be
forever debarred and disqualified from
being elected, appointed or employed In
the Bervlce of tho City and County.
Sec. 8. Any officer of the City and
County who shall, while In office, ac
cept any donation or gratuity In money,
or other valuable thing, either directly
or Indirectly, from any subordinate or
employee, or from any candidate or ap
plicant for any position as employee
or subordinate under him, shall forfeit
his office, and be forever debarred and
disqualified from holding any position
In the service of the City and County,
Sec. 9. Every department, board and
commission provided for in this Char
ter, except the Supervisors, shall ren
der to the Mayor within one month af
ter the end of each fiscal year a full re
port of all the operations of such de»
partment or board or commission for
such year.
Sec. 10. An office becomes vacant
when the Incumbent thereof dies, re
signs, is adjudged insane, convicted of
felony, or of an offense involving a vio
lation of his official duties, or is re
moved from office, or ceases to be &
resident of the City and County, or neg
lects to qualify within the time pre
scribed by law, or within twenty days
after his election or appointment, or
shall have been absent from the State
without leave for more than sixty con
secutive days.
Sec. 11. Every officer who shall ap
prove, allow or pay any demand on the
treasury not authorized by law, ordi
nance or this Charter, shall be liable to
the City and County individually and
on his official bond for the amount of
the demand so illegally approved, al
lowed or paid.
Sec. 12. The departments, boards,
commissioners and officers provided for
in this Charter shall be entitled to the
possession of all papers, books, docu
ments, maps, plats, records and ar
chives in the possession or under the
control of those respectively who are
superseded in office under this Charter
by such departments, boards, commis
sioners and officers.
Sec. 13. All books and records of
every office and department shall bo
open to the inspection of any citizen at
any time during business hours. Cer
tified copies or extracts from said books
and records shall be given by the offi
cer having the same in custody to any
person demanding the same, and pay-
Ing or tendering ten cents a folio of one
hundred words for such copies or ex
tracts; but the records of the Police
Department shall not be subject to
such inspection except permission be
given by the Police Commissioners or
by the Chief of Police.
Sec. 14. The Treasurer shall keep his
office open for business every day, ex
cept legal holidays, from nine o'clock
in the forenoon until four o'clock in
the afternoon. Except where other
wise provided for by law, or by this
Charter, all other public offices shall be
kept open for business every day, ex
cept legal holidays, from half-past
eight o'clock in the forenoon until five
o'clock in the afternoon; and, in ad
dition thereto, from the first day of
November until the last Monday of* De
cember in each year the office of the
Tax Collector shall Le kept open until
nine o'clock in the evening.
Sec. 15. No person shall be eligible to
or hold any office, or be clerk or dep
uty In any office or department, who
has been found guilty of malfeasance
in office, bribery or other infamous
crime or who in any capacity has em
bezzled public funds.
Sec. 16. The fiscal year mentioned In
this Charter shall commence on the
first day of July and end on the thirti
eth day of June following.
Sec. 17. All moneys, assessments and
taxes belonging to or collected for the
use of the City and County, coming into
the hands of any officer of the City and
County, shall immediately be deposited
with the Treasurer for the benefit of
the funds to which they respectively
belong. If such officer for twenty-four
hours after receiving the same shall
delay or neglect to make such deposit,
he shall be deemed guilty of misconduct
in office and may be removed.
Sec. 18. Any elected officer, except
Supervisor, may be suspended by the
Mayor and removed by the Supervisors
for cause; and any appointed officer
may be removed by the Mayor for
cause. The Mayor shall appoint some
person to discharge the duties of the
office during the period of such sus
pension.
Sec. 19. When the Mayor shall sus
pend any elected officer he shall im
mediately notify the Supervisors of
such suspension and the cause there
for. If the Board is not in session he
shall immediately call a session of the
same in such manner as shall be pro
vided by ordinance. The Mayor shall
present written charges against such
suspended officer to the Board and fur
nish a copy of the same to said officer,
who shall have the right to appear
with counsel before the Board in his
defense. If by an affirmative vote of
not less than fourteen members of the
Board of Supervisors, taken by ayes
and noes and entered on its record, the
action of the Mayor is approved, then
the suspended officer shall thereby be
removed from office; but if the action
of the Mayor is not so approved such
suspended officer shall be immediately
reinstated.
Sec. 20. When the Mayor shall re
move an appointed officer from office,
he shall Immediately notify the Beard
of Supervisors of such removal, and
furnish it a statement of, the cause
therefor, which statement shall be en
tered in the record of its proceedings.
Sec. 21. Unless otherwise provided
by law or by this Charter, any officer,
board or department authorized to ap
point any deputy, clerk, assistant or
employee, shall have the right to re
move any ) erson so appointed.
Sec. 22. All appointments of officers,
deputies and clerks to be made under
any provision of this Charter must be
made In writing and in duplicate, au
thenticated by the person or person,
board or officer making the same. One
of such duplicates must be filed with
the Secretary of the Civil Service Com
mission and the other with the Auditor.
Sec. 23. Wherever It is provided in
this Charter that the members of any
board, department or commission shall
so classify themselves by lot that their
terms of office shall expire at different
times,.' such members shall, on the day
of making such classification, cause the
same to be entered in the records of
their proceedings, and a copy thereof,
certified by the Secretary thereof and
signed by all of said members, shall be
filed with the Clerk of the Supervisors.
In every case such classification must
be made at the first meeting of the
Board.
Sec. 24. Every officer and every mem
ber of any board or committee provided
for in this Charter shall have the power
to administer oaths and affirmations,
and every such board, officer or com
mittee shall have power to issue subpe
nas, to compel by subpena the produc
tion of books, papers and documents,
and to takeandheartestimony concern
ing any matter or thing pending before
any such board, officer or committee.
If any person so subpenaed neglect or
refuse to appear, or to produce any
book, paper or document, as required
by such subpena, or shall refuse to
testify before any such board, officer or
committee, or to answer any question
which any officer or a majority of such
board or committee shall decide to be
proper or pertinent, he shall be
deemed in contempt, and any such
board, officer or committee shall have
power to take the proceedings in that
behalf provided by the general laws of
this State. The Chief of Police must,
on request of such officer or of any
member of any such board or com
mittee, detail a Police Officer or Officers
to serve such subpenas.
Sec. 25. All publications provided for
In this Charter must be made in the
official newspaper only.
Sec. 26. All franchises and privileges
heretofore granted by the City and
County which are not In actual use or
enjoyment, or which ' the grantees
thereof have not in good faith com
menced to exercise, are hereby de
clared forfeited and of no validity un
less said grantees or their assigns shall.
within six months after this Charter
takes effect, in good faith commence
the exercise and enjoyment of such
privilege or franchise.
Sec. 27. All ordinances or resolutions
for the improvement of any street for
which no contract shall have been en
tered Into at the time this Charter
takea effect are hereby repealed.
Sec. 28. All ordinances,' orders and
resolutions of the Supervisors of the
City and County in force at the tlma
this Charter takes effect, and not in
consistent therewith, shall continue in
force until amended or repealed.
Sec. 29. When the Supervisors shall
determine that the public interest re
quires the construction or acquisition
of any permanent municipal building or
improvement, the cost of which in ad
dition to the other expenses of the
City and County will exceed the income
and revenue provided for the City and
County for any one year, they must D
ordinance passed Ly the affirmative vot«
of not less than fourteen members u£
the Board, submit a proposition to In
cur a bonded indebtedness for such
purpose to the electors of the City and
Ccmnty at a special election to be held
for that purpose only. All the provis
ions of this Charter providing for tha
acquisition of public utilities, so far as
the same are applicable, shall apply to
the manner of submitting such propo
sition to the electors, to the limitations
of said bonded Indebtedness, to the is
suance and character of the same, and
to the time when and the kind of
money In which said bonded In
debtedness shall be payable. The pro
ceeds of the sales of such bonds shall
be paid Into the treasury to the credit
of the Public Building Fund.
Sec. 30. Every assistant deputy or
other subordinate of any board, depart
ment or officer, shall discharge any of
the duties pertaining to such depart
ment, board or office as his chief may
assign him to.
Sec. 31. No member of the Board of
Police Commissioners and no member
of the Board of Fire Commissioners
shall be eligible to any elective office
while he is a member of such Board, or
for one year thereafter.
Sec. 32. No member of the Board of
Police Commissioners and no member
of the Board of Fire Commissioners,
and no officer, subordinate or employee
of the Police Department or of the Fire
Department, shall be a member of any
partisan convention the purpose of
which Is \o nominate candidates for
office; nor shall either of them directly
or indirectly electioneer, by soliciting
votes or otherwise, for or against any
candidate for office at any election, or
for or against any candidate for nomi
nation before any political convention,
or for or against any candidate for del
egate to such convention at any pri
mary election; nor shall either of them
be a member of any committee, club,
or organization the purpose of which is
to nominate or endorse candidates for
office at any election; nor in any way
attempt to influence or control such
committee, club or organization, while
nominating or endorsing said candi
dates; nor take any part in the control,
management or distribution of the po
litical patronage of any public officer;
nor shall any member of either of said
Boards, or any officer, subordinate or
employee of either of said departments
directly or indirectly attempt to control
or in any manner influence the action
of any officer, subordinate or employee
at either of said departments at any
general, special or primary election.
And no officer, subordinate or employee
of either of said departments shall
levy, collect or pay any amount of
money as an assessment or contri
bution for political purposes. Any
person violating any of the pro
visions of this section shall be re
moved forthwith from his office or
employment. If the violation be by a
member of either of said Boards the
Mayor must remove such member; and
if by an officer, employee or subordinate
of either of said departments, then the
Board whose officer, employee or sub
ordinate has been guilty of such viola
tion, must remove such officer, employee
or subordinate; and if such Board fail
or refuse to make such removal, then
the Mayor must remove all members of
the Board who have so failed or re
fused.
Sec. 33. No deputy, clerk or other em
ployee of the City and County shall be
paid for a greater time than that
covered by his actual service.
Sec. 34. The salaries provided In this
Charter shall be in full compensation
for all services rendered, and every of
ficer shall pay all moneys coming into
his hands as such officer, no matter
from what source derived or received,
into the treasury of the City and
County within twenty-four hours af
ter receipt of the same.
Sec. 35. When any officer, board or de
partment shall require additional depu
ties, clerks or employees, application
shall be made to the Mayor therefor,
and upon such application the Mayor
shall make investigation as to the ne
cessity for such additional assistance;
and if he find the same necessary ha
may recommend to the Supervisors to
authorize the appointment of such ad
ditional deputies, clerks or employees;
and thereupon the Supervisors, by an
affirmative vote of not less than four
teen members, may authorize such ap
pointments, and provide for the com
pensation of such appointees, subject to
the limitations contained in this Char
ter, and subject to the provisions of
Article XIII thereof.
Sec. 36. At any time between the first
day of December, In the year one
thousand eight hundred and ninety
nine, and the first day of January, in
the year nineteen hundred, the person
who, at the election held under this
Charter in the month of November next
preceding, has been elected the Mayor
of the City and County, shall make all
the appointments provided by this
Charter to be made by him, and all
the persons so appointed shall there
upon qualify as in this Charter pro
vided, and shall take office at the hour
of noon on the first Monday after the
first day of January in the year nine
teen hundred, and all boards, commis
sions and officers of the City and Coun
ty holding by appointment under ex
isting laws shall hold office no longer
than said last aforesaid time.
Sec. 37. The balance remaining in the
School Fund at the time this Charter
takes effect shall forthwith be trans
ferred to the Common School Fund cre
ated by this Charter. The balance re
maining in the Library Fund at the
time this Charter takes effect shall
forthwith be transferred to the Library
Fund created by this Charter. The bal
ance remaining in the Park Improve
ment Fund at the time this Charter
takes effect shall forthwith be trans
ferred to the Park Fund created by this
Charter. The balance remaining in the
Unapportioned Fee Fund at the time
this Charter takes effect shall forthwith
be transferred to the Unapportioned
Fee Fund created by this Charter. The
balance remaining in the Police Relief
and Pension Fund at the time this
Charter takes effect shall forthwith be
transferred to the Police Relief and
Pension Fund created by this Charter.
The balance remaining in the Surplus
Fund at the time this Charter takes ef
fect shall forthwith be transferred to
the Surplus Fund created by this Char
ter. The balance remaining in the Spe
cial Deposit Fund at trie time this
Charter takes effect shall forthwith ba
transferred to the Special Deposit Fund
created by this Charter. The balance
remaining in the General Fund at the
time this Charter takes effect, the
balance remaining In the Street Light
Fund at the time this Charter takes ef
fect, the balance remaining in the
Street Department Fund at the time
this Charter takes effect, the balance
remaining in the Police Contingent
Fund at the time this Charter takes ef
fect, the balance remaining in the
Pound Fee Fund at the time this Char
ter takes effect, and the balance re
maining in the Special Fee Fund at the
time this Charter takes effect, shall
each and every one of them be forth
with transferred to the General Fund
created by this Charter. Out of tht
commence44
said General Fund shall be paid, as in
this section hereinafter provided, all
the expenses of the various depart
ments of the City and County, except
Fuch expenses as are by this Charter
to be paid out of the Funds specifically
provided for the payment of such ex
penses. For the six months ending: on
the thirtieth day of June, in the year
nineteen hundred, each and every ot
said departments shall expend the
moneys set apart to each of them by
the Board of Supervisors of the existing
municipality. So much of said moneys
set apart by said Board of Supervisors .
to the Superintendent of Public Streets. ]
Highways and Squares for the fiscal
jreer ending on said thirtieth day of
June, in the year nineteen hundred, as
Bhal] remain unexpended at the time
this Charter takes effect, shall be ex
pended during said six months by the
Board of Public Works in the opera
tions of the department committed to
Its charge. All the expenses of the city
and County which are not to be paid out
of specific funds shall be paid during
said six months out of the General
Fund. Should the moneys set apart
by the Board of Supervisors of the ex
isting municipality to any department
if the City and County become or be
exhausted at any time during said six
months, or should any department cre
ated by this Charter hay no money
Fpeeifieally provided for it during said
six months, then in each such case the
expenses thereof shall be paid out of
the General Fund, notwithstanding
anything contained in sections six and
seven of Chapter I of Article ITI of this
Charter. Such pensions as may accrue to
firemen under Article TX of this Char
tor during Bald six months shall be paid
out of the General Fund. The existing
municipality mentioned in this section
is the existing municipality of the City
and County of San Francisco, and the
eteveraJ funds which are to be trans
ferred as In this section provided are
funds of said existing municipality. All
the funds of said existing municipality
not mentioned in this section, and
which are authorized by law. shall be
continued in the treasury until the ne
cessity "or their continuance ceases.
Sec. 38. When the necessity for
maintaining any Fund of the City and
County in existence at the time this
Charter takes effect has ceased to ex
ist, and a balance remains In such
Fund, the Supervisors shall so declare
by ordinance, and upon such declara
tion such balance shall be forthwith
transferred to the General Fund.
SCHEDULE.
This Charter shall be published for
twenty days in The San Francisco Call
and in the Daily Report, daily news
papers of ge..era] circulation in the
City and County of San Francisco, and
efter such publication, viz.: on Thurs
day, the twenty-sixth day of May. in
the year one thousand eight hundred
and ninety-eight, it shall be submitted
to the qualiiled electors of said City I
and County of San Francisco, at a spe
cial election which shall be held on that
day. for the sole purpose of voting upon
the adoption of the same; and if a ma
jority of the qualified electors of said
«^ity and County voting at said election
shall ratify the same it shall be sub
mitted to the Legislature of the State
of California for its approval or rejec
tion. If the Legislature shall approve
the same, it shall take effect and be in
force, except as hereinafter otherwise
provided, on and after the hour of noon
on the first Monday after the first, day
of January in the year nineteen hun
dred, and shall thereupon become the
Charter and organic law of the City
and County of San Francisco, and shall
supersede the existing Charter of said
City and County, and all amendments
thereof, and all laws inconsistent with
this Charter.
The form of ballots at sa! 1 election
shall be as follows:
FOR THE NEW CHARTER, T^S.
FOR THE NEW CHARTZR, NO.
For the sole purposes of the election
cf ihe officers directed in this Charter
to be elected by the p<-->ple. this Char
ter shall take effect on and after its
approval by the Legislature, and the
election of such offlcer.3 shall be man
aged, conducted and controlled by the
Board of Election Commissioners in
and for said City and County in office
at the time of such election.
And for the sole other purpose of the
Mayor elected under this Charter mak
ing the appointments provided in this
Charter to be made by hn.i, and of the
qualification of the persons so ap
pointed, this Charter shall take effect
on the firpt day of December. In the
year one thousand eight hundred and
ninety-nine.
BE IT KNOWK, That the City and '
County of San Francisco, containing a
population of more than two hundred
thousand i:fhabitants, on the twenty
peventh day of December, in the year
one thousand eight hundred and
ninety-seven, and under and in ac
cordance with the provisions of Sec
tion 8. of Article XI. of the Constitu
tion of this State, did elect the under
signed a Board of Fifteen Freeholders,
to prepare and propose a Charter for
said City and County; and we. the
members of said Board, in pursuance
of such provisions of the Constitution,
and within a period of ninety days
after such election, have prepared and
do propose the foregoing, signed in
duplicate, as and for the Charter for
said City and County of San Fran- ■
Cisco.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, we have
hereunto set our hands in duplicate,
thia twenty-fifth day of March, in the
year one thousand eight hundred and
ninety-eight.
JOSEPH BRITTON. President.
JEROME A. ANDERSON,
JAMES BUTLER.
H. N. CLEMENT.
A. COMTB. Jr..
ALFRED CRIDGE,
L. R. ELLERT.
ISIDOR GUTTE.
p. h. McCarthy.
JOHN NIGHTINGALE, Jr..
JOHN C. NOBMANN.
JOSEPH O'CONNOR.
LIPPMANN SACHS.
EDWARD R. TAYLOR.
A. W. THOMPSON.
Attest: J. RICH'D FREUD.
Secretary.
DAINTY ACCESSORIES OF DRESS.
The various neck arrangements are i
made of chiffon, lace, Liberty silk, mull
and n«ns of different meshes. Collar
ettes are made adjustable, c*nd convert
the evening open-neck bodice into a
high-necked waist for daylight wear.
Many of them extend far nut on the
shoulders, with a square effect across
the front and bark, the whole being :
f<\zod with several net or chiffon ruf
n>s made quite full. For shirt-waists,
the short how ij..,! under the chin is
made of plain or figured silks, and has
much the appearance ><f a short Wind
sor tie. Mull scarfs having a plaiting
of the same across the ends go around
the neck in stock fashion, and tie in
a huge, soft bow under the chin.
Veils make or mar a face, and must
be selected with a view to becoming
ness. The single-thread mesh is inva
riably b«'cnminEr, besides being less try
ing to the eyes. If dots are too close
and large they will throw shadows on
the face, but if scattered widely, have
n becoming effect. The very latest
wrir.kle In veils is the Empire scarf.
It comes two and one-half yards long,
and is meant to be fastened about the
brim of the hat, crossed at the back j
and brought around and knitted on the ;
left shoulder. They are usually of dot
ted r.et in black, white or white with
black dots, and are edged top and bot
tom with very narrow black ribbon vel
vet. Across the ends of the scarf is a
plaiting or frilling of fine lace about
a finger wide.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
■■-■ ■ •___i:i_l._. - ■Wl/-'-W 1 /-'-- -j^±-'^^^^ " '-■"■'" —■'•■' ■■ ■' ■-'• : - '-■'■ . ■■' -" :■• ■■ • --■*..■■. . ■ ■ ••■■■■■:-.. ;r, ■■.:■, _ . ■■ ■ : ,■■■ ■ ■■■ --. --.-•■- ■■- -•._• ._ »8888 ■'^"^?«
COLORED BBS GOODS.
In beauty of styles, quality of
goods, variety of assortments,
size of stock and extreme low-
ness of prices, our Colored Dress
Goods Department, as usual,
maintains the lead, and now pre-
sents a display that embodies the
rarest and most exclusive crea-
tions of the greatest European
and American fashion authorities
at figures that make them doubly
attractive.
£££»<"* 141 |<?ces 38-INCH FANCY SILK AND WOOL CHECKS, a full line of shades,
**"*•' will be placed on sale at 35c a yard.
Jvf|f> 96 pieces 3S-INCH COVERT SUITING, in mixed and two-toned effects, will
«vv be placed on sale at 50c a yard.
*7Z\C T P |ec *" s 88-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL CHECKS, In black and white, blue
* *'»' and white, brown and white, and bright effects, will be placed on sale at 75c
a yard.
7^r* C 4 pieces 44-INCH FRENCH NOVELTY SUITING, in shaded and figured I
* **v> effects, will be placed on sale at 75c a yard.
Cl HO 41 P leces 44-INCH SILK AND WOOL FANCY SUITING, medium colorings
s"»W and a great variety of styles, will be placed on sale at $1 a yard.
Cl Ofl 3T Pieces E4-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL COVERT CLOTH, for tailor-made suits,
tpM»\J\J will be placed on sale at $1 a yard.
Cl ORk " 9 pieces 18-INCH EXTRA-FINE ALL-WOOL ENGLISH TWEED SUITING.
Vl»-W stylish mixtures, will be placed on sale at $125 a yard.
Cl 7 * -1 pieces 48-INCH, ALL-WOOL FRENCH VENETIAN SUITING, latest col-
<*'»•*<-' orlnps, will be placed on sale at $1 75 a yard.
KTflf* E!> pieces 52-INCH ALL-WOOL NAVY DIAGONAL STORM SERGE, will be
OW placed on sale at sic a yard. / ■-, •.-*.-= "
*7ELc" 44 pieces 60-INCH HEAVY ALL-WOOL ENGLISH NAVAL SERGE will be
* CfV placed on sale at 75c a yard.
SILK DEPARTMENT.
Silk supremacy is conceded by all fashion
lovers who have seen our matchless display, i
which embraces the handsomest, most novel
and artistic ideas in weaves, designs, color- 1
ings, shadings and effects, all of which are on
sale at the exceptionally low prices that char-
acterized all offerings from this great depart- j
ment.
Qi"|/-» 100 pieces 20-INCH ALL-SILK PONGEE, free from dressing, will be placed
Ovfw on sale at 30c a yard.
f*rs ~ SO pieces 19-INCH COLORED TAFFETA SILK, plain and changeable, latest !
v»Ov* shades and effects, will be placed on sale at 65c a yard.
7" tZf 20 pieces BLACK DUCHESSE SATIN, soft finish, heavy quality, will be I
C Mv placed on sale at 75c a yard.
'7Z^r t 80 pieces BLACK FIGURED SATIN, small and medium designs, heavy qual- •
C tJSmf ■ Jty, will be placed on sale at 7Sc a yard.
GCZs-' 40 pieces CHECKED and PLAID TAFFETA SILK, new designs, handsome
OOw colorings, will be placed on. sale at SCc a yard.
*C | nO 20 pieces 24-INCH BLACK DUCHESSE SATIN, Boft, heavy quality, extra- I
«!>■•"" line finish, will be placed. on sale at ?1 a yard.
<£ | OP? 50 pieces PI-AID TAFFETA SILK, large, elegant designs,- latest colorings,
(^I.ZO will be placed on sale at $1 25 a yard.
Cl CtCZ. 70 pieces 27-INCH CHANGEABLE AND PLAIN TAFFETA SILK, heavy
O*»--t> crisp finish, all the latest shades, will be placed on sale at $1 25 a yard.
BLACOBESSIOODS.
In this important department we are show- 1
ing the most complete and best selected stock
ever presented the purchasing public, consist-
ing as it does of the latest and most exclusive'
productions of the greatest and most reliable
manufacturers, from whom our purchases!
were so heavy that we are enabled to offer
incomparably choice values.
prflr» 25 pieces NEW FANCY MOHAIRS, in the braided designs, full 44 Inches wide.
OUv excellent value, will be offered at 50c a yard.
CTRTr' '60 Pieces BLACK ENGLISH STORM SERGE, 60 Inches wide, a very good ;
OOw 1 mohair finish, will be offered at s."ic a yard.
*7rZr- 70 pieces BLACK STORM SERGE, full 54 Inches wide and in S different
C tJ\/ wales, a very extra quality, will be offered at 75c a yard. . • :.'. v.. !
<r»| f\f\ 20 pieces BLACK MOHAIR, in the newest patterns. 44 Inches wide, very neat
I »\J \J and light for summer wear, will be offered at $1 a yard.
<r>| AA 50 pieces BLACK FANCY ALPACAS. 45 Inches, a very elegant assortment of
tj>i»v/vr patterns, will be offered at (1 a yard.
SPECIAL.
FZ.(\f» A very large assortment In SILK GRENADINES, striped and figured, ' $1 a
OUv ynrd: also SILK and MOHAIR, in nice patterns, at 50c a yard.
■ettittt titit rnn
NEW BELTS,
JUST RECEIVED— A large consignment of BELTS In METAL, JEWEL, LEATHER.
SILK and FANCY BELTS, from 25c to $6.
.... NEI DRESIPIE
Our assortment of TRIMMINGS Is now complete and comprises all the latest novelties
in Jewel, Jet, Spangles, Silks and Mohair Trimmings. •
Iff/ M MURPHY BUILDING, /
{/{/ BMet Street, Comer of Jone* /
San F 1 r > «ua.oi»o«a.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 10, 1898.
FOR BUYERS OF
NEW SPRING GOODS!
QUALITY, BEAUTY, STYLISHNESS,
ELEGANCE and EXCLUSIVENESS are
combined to the highest degree in the PEER-
LESS SPRING STOCK to which we invite
the attention of all in search of THE NEW
SEASON'S LATEST CORRECT FASHIONS,
and in extending this invitation we submit
representative quotations from our leading
departments to illustrate the
Exceptional Values Offered This Week!
"aMmRTMENTT
The enviable and pre-eminent position at-
tained by this department as Pacific Coast
HEADQUARTERS for all that is New, Fashionable
and Desirable in Ladies' Misses' and Children's
OUTER GARMENTS guarantees an early inspec-
tion of the following and the innumerable other
attractions embraced in our display of Stylish,
Up-to-Date Productions.
Sit QJI LADIES' DRESS SKIRTS in blrfck figured mohair and fancy colored suitings,
v'»«W well lined and velvet bound, now on sale at Jl 25. ■ ■ ; ' •
<CQ AH LADIES' ' DRESS SKIRTS in black figured brilliantlne and fancy colored effects,
*P-*« •W in dark and light shades, double lined and velvet bound, now on sale at $2.
gIA £»O LADIES' BLACK FIGURED SILK DRESS SKIRTS, assorted patterns, double
■ «OVF lined and bound, now on sale at ?4 50. . '■
<K7 Efcfl LADIES' BLACK BROCADED SILK DRESS SKIRTS, choice patterns, double
*J* * •U\J lined, finished seams, velvet bound, now on sale at $7 50.
SLQ T"fc LADIES' BLACK FIGURED SILK CAPES, lined throughout, nicely trimmed
tJJO* CKJ ■ with lace and : ribbon at neck, now on sale ;at $3 75. . . ; . > ■
<KA f^f\ LADIES' VELVET CAPES, lined with fancy colored silk, richly beaded In
<J)VI«OU elaborate designs, empire back, neck , finished ; with ribbon and , lace, now on
■. ','■:•;.) sale at $6 50. , "' •, ; ■'..,..  ■ .. ■ ■.■ '. . » B
<C^l CkPt LADIES' CHEVIOT CLOTH SUITS, fly front Jackets, lined with Roman stripe,
tJJ Tr • «7tP skirts lined ; and ■'■ velvet bound, colois black and navy, now on sale at U 95.
■■'■■'■'' " ■■■■■■■ ■ :~"~~!: ~"~~! ; : ■ /. ■ ■■ ' ■ ' ;!' i■-•i ■-• ■'"■." ■. ': " :- '. -'.-•■ i ;.-
C|O errk LADIES' SUITS, tan covert cloth, fly front Jackets, lined with silk and nicely
<{>■ j£i»t9\J braided,. skirts lined and braided to match, now on sale at $12 50. . '■ .
fir | nL{\ CHILDREN'S CAPES in assorted colors, nicely trimmed with braid on bottom
€J>l»OvF and neck, now on sale at Jl 50. • ■ - .
*9 i- &O , CHILDREN'S' REEFER AND : RUSSIAN : JACKETS. •; assorted, plain and
<P_< l»U <TU mixed colors, sailor collar or epaulettes, nicely braided,: sizes 2to 8 years, now
. ,on sale from $2 to $6. , : ; ' . ; ■ ' . . m
WAIST DEPARTMENT!
Our stock of Ladies' Shirt Waists is especially worthy of in-
spection, as we are * showing ' a i magnificent assortment ' of RICH,
NEW STYLES, POPULAR SHAPES and PRETTY COLORINGS, in an
endless variety of materials and at matchlessly LOW PRICES.
.•■••■■' r.- •': '- . ; ■'.}[; : :/;-"-• ';' ; ' ■•■'■■' ?,.■■-■--.. -, ....-.-..■_•. :■..-■•;„ \. .:...•,..-■-;
*TrS/-» LADIES" LAUNDRIED SHIRT ; WAISTS," detachable ' collars, , In fancy .". stripes
COw ' ' and plaids, regular price $1, will be offered at 76c. ■'{ • •',',■ ." \- = •••'.
(I 'A A ■ LADIES' ' PERCALE AND ' GINGHAM ' SHIRT WAISTS, i latest i style, \ regular
1 •\J\J- price $i 25, will- be offered at $1. - - ; •- <" < • •' .
GZT-'tZCk LADIES' HANDSOME PLAID SILK WAISTS, made In the latest styles,- lined
.<J> * •OvF , all. through, . regular price $9; will be offered at $7 50. •. ." • » : : - ;■ ■ •
• • <C : ft -RA LADIES' BLACK \ SATIN SHIRT WAISTS, tucked front, \ lined all through," regu-
«!>O»OVr lar price 'will be offered at $6 50. ; . •- *"*,,, h-■ ■'■
See Chronicle aid Examiner for Aflflitional Bargains.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DOMESTIC DEPARTMENT!
FINE NOVELTY ORGANDIES, beautifully printed; 31 inches wide; large range |Qc
of styles :..;■„..-...'...■. Yard
IMPORTED ORGANDIES; fancy woven stripe; richly colored; a 25c value 15C
' Yard
150 pieces INCH PERCALES; all this spring's colorings; very special; at 83C
Yard
1 case good grade BLEACHED TABLE DAMASK: pure linen; 60 inches wide.... 50C
Yard
200 do*. DINNER NAPKINS; bleached Irish linen; 21 inches square $ 1 • 1
" Dozen
Extra quality SATIN DAMASK Irish Linen Napkins; 26 inches square; a splendidCQ.OO
value - •''■&%
Fine Quality BLEACHED SHEETS; Hemmed and Hemstitched nicely and ready Rf)Q
for use: size 81x90 inches; special • Eh
Fair Quality PILLOW CASES; nicely made; size 45x36 Inches: a great value.... *%},£
GLfIfEiPARIENT.
UJLjU fli Uiil illL 1 ITljjli 1.
To keep this department prominent and to impress
upon the public that we are ofFering the Finest produc-
tions oF the most reliable glove makers at the lowest
prices in the city we quote the following for this week.
«£1 HA 3S doz. LADIES 1 2-CLASP "ROYALTON" KID GLOVES; colors brown, tan.
«J>l»vFvF mode, slate, oxblood, green navy and white, also black; good value; will be
on sale at $1 a pair.
«C 1 C*FZ. 50 doz. LADIES' 2-CLASP WALKING GLOVES: colors oxblood. tan, mode,
<1>I«^.O brown, white and black; extra good value; will, be on sale at $1 25 a pair.
<£ I CTA 35 doz. LADIES' 3-CLASP FRENCH KID GLOVES; colors rid, brown, Un,
tJ>l»Ovf green, navy, primrose, white and new blue: also : black; will be offered for
$1 50 a pair. Note — We guarantee and fit all gloves.
NEW LACES ANDJEMBROIDERIES.
We are showing the finest lines oF Laces and Em-
broideries ever presented to the retail trade of this
city, many of them being distinctive in design and
quality From those carried elsewhere and conFined to
and exclusively to be Found in our stock.
BLACK SPANGLED NET— 5Oc to $3.50 a yard.
BLACK SPANGLED NET; assorted patterns, stripes and figures; 27-inch; on sale at
50c to $3 50 yard.
BLACK SILK NETS.
BLACK NETS; Brussels and Tosca; heavy meshes: 45 Inches wide; on sale at 75c to
$1 50 yard.
FRENCH VALENCIENNES LACE.
500 pieces WHITE FRENCH VALENCIENNES LACE; assorted patterns; on sale from
20c to $1 per dozen yards.
EMBROIDERIES.
400 pieces CAMBRIC AND NAINSOOK EMBROIDERY; assorted styles; 1 to I Inch;
on sale from 5c to 3oc per yard.
; W SlpHllS. ,. ' : ,.'
To bring this department conspicuously to the Front
and induce an immediate inspection oF the countless
attractions embraced in our complete new stock we
oFFer the following and many other extra inducements
this week. . _
QC 162 doz. MEN'S SILK NECKWEAR: made up In the newest shapes of Teck.
.XOw four-in-hand.«, band and • shield bows, club ties, etc., etc; worth 50c; will be
placed on sale at 25c each.
<£■■ QfS: 42 doz. MEN'S "GOLF" SHIRTS: manufactured from a shipment of Japan-
tpl.^&tr ese. crepe Just received; with one pair reversible link cuffs and club tie to
each; will be placed on sale at $1 25 each.
•ypr^-, - 2 rases MEN'S UNDERWEAR; one in sanitary undyed wool and the other In
C OC vicuna; both warranted non-shrlnkable; worth $125; will be placed on sale
. at 75c each.
BOYS' SUITS-
JJUIU UUllUi
IP I OK 25 doz. BOYS' NAVY FLANNEL SAILOR SUITS: trimmed with white and
tJJI»^«O red soutache braid; ages 3 to 10 years; will be placed on sale at $1 25 each.
Hosiery and Unflerwear Departments.
- ■ - ■ '* ■ r ■ -■ - • ■ . ■'■■■■ ■ ■
These are Departments which demand attention because of
HIGH QUALITIES AND EXCEEDINGLY LOW PRICES as may be
judged from the following specimen offerings: .
teZ.r' 200 doz. BOYS' FAST BLACK EXTRA HEAVY BICYCLE RIBBED HOSE;
lUv suitable for rough wear; with double heels and soles; usual price, $3 doz.; will
be on sale at 15c the pair.
|ff 200 LADIES' FAST BLACK COTTON HOSE; extra heavy weight; worth
luv $2 50 doz. ; will be cleared out for 15c the pair.
i OK» 150 doz. LADIES' FANCY COTTON HOSE; polka dot; black boot with fancy
JmtJ** top, and all the new designs; at 25c the pair.
RA r ■ 100 doz. LADIES' WHITE SUMMER MERINO VESTS; In high neck and long
Ovv sleeves, and high neck and short sleeves; also drawers to match; full fash-
* ioned; usual price 75c; will .be on sale at 50c each.
RIBBON DEPARTMENT,
An inspection of our vast assortment of new ribbons
will convince the most critical that WE HAVE REACHED THE
[SUMMIT OF PERFECTION IN OUR PRESENT STOCK, and a pe-
rusal of 'the following- quotations will fully demonstrate the
fact that we are offering VALUES NO CAREFUL BUYER CAN
AFFORD TO MISS:
|R/« : 2000 pieces ALL-SILK COLORED MOIRE RIBBONS; 3H Inches wide; In as-
10%* sorted colors;. 16c yard.
Qn r 1000 pieces ALL-SILK COLORED MOIRE RIBBON: 4 inches wide; In assorted
I ■+*" %«" colors; will be offered at 20c yard.
! PZf* No 7 ALL-SILK COLORED SATIN AND GROS-GRAIN RIBBON; assorted
■ Wv colors; will be offered at 5c yard.
B\f, No. 12 2-INCH ALL-SILK COLORED SATIN AND GROS-GRAIN RIBBON;
3%* assorted colors; will be offered at 8 l-3c yard.
! QK r ALL-SILK FANCY PLAID RIBBON; elegantly assorted; 4 inches wide; will
jAOv be offered at loc. • ■. .
' ■..♦-■■.:-■ " ■ *■ — — — ■ ■ '-'..
i Off» 800 pieces FANCY BAYADERE RIBBONS; elegantly assorted: S^ Inches wide;
OOt will be offered at 35c.
I ml B MURPHY BUILDING, /
[/(/ Mariet Street, Corner of Jones, /
San Pra ncisco.