VOLUME LXXXIII.—
FORTY SOULS SWALLOWED UP BY THE SEA
THE BARK HELEN W. ALMY RETURNING FROM HER LAST CRUISE.
WRECK OF THE BARK HELEN W, ALMY AS IT APPEARED WHEN SEVEN MILES SOUTH-SOUTHWEST OF POINT BONITA.
MANY CONGRESSMEN
NOW BELIEVE THAT
WAR IS INEVITABLE
Whatever Comes, the President Has
Made Up His Mind to Intervene in
Behalf of Starving Cubans.
NEW YORK, March 22.— The Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald
sends the following: Concisely, the pol
icy of President. McKinley to-night in
regard to the Cuban question is this:
Spain, being unable to stop starvation
in the island. President McKinley has
fully determined that the suffering Cu
bans must have prompt relief. Since it
cannot be obtained through private con
tributions, it is to be given by the Gov
ernment of the United States.
Spain may consider this intervention
and may declare war. The President
hopes not, nevertheless, believing it to
be his solemn duty, he has conferred
with the leaders in the two houses of
Congress for the purpose of- getting
their co-operation in obtaining an ap
propriation of half a million dollars to
be expended in succoring the recon
centrados. and this relief will be fur
nished even if it is necessary to use war
ships to convey it to Cuba.
It was stated here to-night that Spain
had finally consented to this Govern
mental relief provided merchant vessels
are used for the transportation of sup
plies. I am -unable to confirm this re
port, but I am told it is the intention
of the President to begin with the .use
of merchant ships and if trouble ensues
Ito hamper the work of succor, war ves
sels will be brought into requisition.
The belief is rapidly gaining ground
among members of both houses of Con
gress that war is inevitable, unless Spain
backs down and relinquishes her sov
ereignty in Cuba. With recognition of
independence out of the question, it is
recognized that some form of interven-
The San Francisco Call
SPAIN IS PREPARED
FOR WAR WITH AMERICA.
MADRID. March 22.— There is a great display of activity at the
United States legation, accompanied by inviolable secrecy, where
notification is being prepared to the Spanish Government !n relation to
the Maine disaster. Minister Woodford is temptingly busy but dis
tressingly mum.
A young Journal correspondent undertook to-day the naive experi
ment of an interview with Senor Novo Colsona, Deputy and editor of
Mundo Naval. He met a tart answer. He was told that Spain was
far better prepared for war than his historical periodical had any idea
of, and that Spain felt no fear.
"I talked with one of the representative newspaper proprietors
here," he said. "Tell your people that Spain absolutely does not want
war. The United States has the matter in her own hands. She can stop
the revolution or prolong it. She can force war upon Spain, and the
latter, if pushed, considers she could prolong hostilities in a manner
which would disconcert all ideas that hostilities would be short, sharp
and decisive. Spain hds plans well matured and worked out in a man
ner which will come as a surprise."
tion to stop the war will be necessary
unless Spain backs out of Cuba, which
is hardly regarded as probable by most
Senators and Representatives. There
are some, however, who believe that
when Spain is confronted by the knowl
edge that the United States is. ready for
war and is determined that peace shall
be restored in Cuba, the Sagasta Minis
try will find some way out of the diffi
culty without a fight.
The sending of relief supplies in war
vessels is intervention. It is not forcible
intervention unless Spain, by blocking
the measures of relief, should make it
such. It is the only form of peaceful
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 23, 1898.
intervention that now suggests itself to
the President, and the one form which
would be likely to meet with the ap
proval of the entire world in case the
humanitarian attitude of the United
States should ultimately force us into
forcible intervention and hostilities with
Spain.
Congress, recognizing that this is an
advanced step in the direction of end
ing the war in Cuba, and of bringing
about independence, will, in the opinion
of the President, as a result of his con
ference with the leaders, yoin with him
in providing the relief desired.
There is some talk of Congress tak
The Old and Unseaworthy Bark Helen W. Almy
Found Derelict and Going to Pieces
Off Point Bonita.
Not a Man of the Twenty=Seven Prospective Miners and
Thirteen Members of the Crew Has Reached
the Shore to Tell the Tale.
peaceful intervention for the purpose of
preserving the lives of Spain's starviner
subjects will not be accepted as a casus
Continued en Secon 1 Page.
NEWS OF THE DAT.
Weather forecast for San Fran
cisco: Fair on Wednesday; light
northerly winds.
Maximum temperature for the past
twenty-four hours:
San Francisco 58 degrees
Portland 4S degrees
Los Angeles fi-1 degrees
San Diego 6i> degrees
FIRST PAGE.
Wreck of the Helen W. Almy.
Los Angeles Express Hohbpd.
President Will Intervene in Cuba.
SECOND PAGE.
To Mount Guns Without Forts.
Maine Moored Over a Mine.
THIRD PAGE.
McKinley Consults Senate Leaders.
Washington Men Volunteering.
Sicard to Be Relieved.
Blanco Refuses to Talk.
FOURTH PAGE.
Powder Explosion in Marin.
Croly's Assailant Confesses.
Mayor Koch's Veto Interferes.
Fratricide Clark to Hang.
Mob Threatens an Ingrate Son.
Troops to Explore Alaska.
Fight Fusion in Oregon.
Cost of the Big Canal.
FIFTH PAGE.
Overland Freight Rates Increased.
A Cunning Chinese Trick.
Plea for Murderer Hill.
San Jose's Fight for Reform.
Work at San Pedro Blocked.
Thirst Trips a Constable.
SIXTH PAGE.
Editorial.
California's Seml-Centennlnl.
Suppressing the Poolsellers.
Methods of Ocherites.
The Relief Bill at Last.
An Important War Measure.
Publishing the New Charter.
By Balloon to the Klondike.
Stories From the Corridors.
Answers to Correspondents.
SEVENTH PAGE.
Ferry Scandal Developments.
Shatter Inspects the Guns.
EIGHTH PAGE.
Big Fraud in Time Checks.
Better Quarantine Desired.
Aged Couple Die by Fire.
Frost Damage to Fruit Crops.
New York Herald ProtfH-ts Its News.
Los Angeles Police Scandal.
NINTH PAGE.
Experiences of a Tramp.
Electricity Users and Their Losses
TENTH PAGE.
The Commercial World.
ELEVENTH PAGE.
News From Across the Bay.
Real Estate Market Review.
TWELFTH PAGE.
Racing at Ingleslde.
. THIRTEENTH PAGE.
Births. Marriages and Deaths.
FOURTEENTH PAGE.
Jackson Bested by Jeffries.
Swindle in Paving Contracts.
Missing Irene Lynch.
LOS ANGELES
EXPRESS HELD
UP BY BANDITS
Blow the Express Car
to Atoms, but Hurt
Nobody.
The Strong Box Opened
and One of the Mail
Pouches Rifled.
Robbery Takes Place at Cross
Creek, Six Miles South
-of Goshen.
POSSE .NOW IN* PURSUIT.
Train Was the One Due to Arrive at
the Oakland Mole This
Morning.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Fresno, March 22. — North
bound train No. 18, from Los
Angeles, was held up at Crow
Creek to-night, six miles this
side of Goshen by two men.
They blew the express
car to atoms and opened
Wells-Fargo's strong box.
One of. the mail pouches
was rifled, but nobody was
hurt.
A posse was organized here
as soon as news was ob-
Continued on Second Page.
PASSENGERS BY TME ALMY.
Barna Cinotto, Colgate, In
dian Territory.
Jor;n Snell, Colgate, Indian
Territory.
R. Nicols, Colgate, Indian
Territory.
J.T. GotsKy. Colgate, Indian
Territory.
Jorjn Walker, Colgate, In
dian Territory.
Williaro McCray, Colgate, In
dian Territory.
Wiliian) Snedden, Colgate,
Indian Territory.
Julias Gilli, Colgate, Indian
Territory.
Theo CYaber, Colgate, In
dian Territory.
James Ronald, Colgate, In
dian Territory.
James Saxon, Colgate, In
dian Territory.
fldolf Waldoo, Colgate, Indian
Territory.
C. B. SpiKe, Los Angeles.
(\. D. Bead). Los Angeles.
T. Reason, Los Angeles.
David Anderson, Monterey.
John LevicK. Mooterey.
John Westerwick. Monterey.
E. H- Currier, San F ra o cisco -
M. R. Lirjley, San Francisco.
A. Anderson, San Francisco. .
Jofon Bunce, San F r ar»cisco.
One passenger whose nanje
was not takerj.
Charles R. Smallwood, San
Francisco.
Oscar Bjersander, San
Francisco.
Fred franks, San Francisco. .
Gus Joumier, San Fran- «
Cisco.
The old bark Helen W. Almy, bound
for Prince Williams Sound with thirty
gold hunters destined for the Copper
River country, capsized off Point Reyes
either Sunday night or Monday morn
ing:. The passengers and crew, forty
souls in all, are supposed to have been
lost. If they tried to escape in small
boats they were probably swamped, as
none has returned.
News of the disaster was first report
ed by the steamer Santa Rosa, which
sighted the wreck about nine miles off
Point Bonita. While it was known that
a terrible gale was blowing Sunday
ZAPTAIN W. J. HOGAN OF THE HELEN W. ALMY,
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
CREW OF THE ALMY.
W. J. I-Jogan, Captain.
V. B. Crantz, Boston, 35,
first roate.
p. Machio, California, 26,
second mate.
John hjigglns, Massachu
setts, 30, cook-
P. Brownsorj, U. S., 30, sea
rr)an.
J. P. Underwood. Jersey, 24,
seaman.
Charles D. Leacf), Pennsyl
vania, 24, searrjan.
Ernest Tallant, England, 29,
seanjan.
Williaro McKeon, New York.
27, searoar).
Antone Nichols, Austria, 38,
sean)ar).
W. C. Mop Kins, Illinois. 48,
steward.
Ira Cook. Connecticut, boy.
pred Cromwell, Pennsylva
nia, 20, boy.
night and Monday morning the genera]
belief of seafaring men is that the bark
was unseaworthy. It is said that she
was in such a condition that she was
not insurable, and that leaks were so
numerous, in spite of recent repairs,
that the trip was a dangerous one.
There was a great deal of excitement
along the water front and among the
relatives and friends of the lost when
the news of the wreck reached the city.
Hundreds anxiously awaited the re
turn of the tugs Vigilant and Sea Witch
from the scene of the floating barb
last night, and there was sorrow in the
hearts of thousands when no word* oj
cheer came from those who had mad«
the hopeless search.
The sudden loss of the crew and
passengers of the famous old "black
birder" adds one more sorrowful ma
rine disaster to the long list that has
characterized the history of the Pacific
Coast. That the news of the catas
trophe came by circumstantial evi
dence alone is proof that there was
little chance of survival for any on*
who embarked on the ill fated vessel.
The floating wreck told the whole
story. Whether the unfortunates went
down amid bellowing seas and over
powering gales, without a moment fox
considering escape, or whether the old
bark first sprung leaks and gave all
aboard a chance for their lives in smal)
boats, no one knows. While some ol2
FRED FRANKS and GUS JOUMIER, the Last of the Go f d-Hunters to Purchase
Tickets for a Passage en the 111- Fated A!my.
those who started for the land of gold
full of hope may yet return to tell the
story of the sunken shin, it is believed
by seafaring men that, even if there
was an attempt to get ashore in boats,
it was disastrous. From the fact that
there were heavy seas and terrible
gales, it is now believed that no one
will return to tell the story of the
storm.
When discovered the bark lay on her
starboard side, with the bow lower
than the stern, the seas washing over
her. All of the mizzenmast was out of
the water and the stern was gone. The
crushed and splintered timbers showed
that heavy seas had swept over the
vessel during the height of the storm.
The cabins were washed off the deck
and some of the planking of the hull
was loose, showing that the bark was
in bad condition or that the seas were
so violent as to overpower her.
On the davits there was not the sign
of a boat, though it is not known
whether they were swept away with
the cabin or whether the unfortunates
aboard the sinking ship tried in vain to
plow their way through the mountain
ous seas to the shore.
The last of the old "blackbirders" has
been wrecked, and, like the other vea
sels of the fleet, her loss has l>een ac
companied by a terrible loss of life.
Sunday last the bid bark Helen W.
Almy sailed for Copper River with
twenty-seven gold hunters and a crew
of thirteen all told aboard. Yesterday
she was derelict off the Golden Gate
and there was not a 'trace of the forty
souls who, with many misgivings,
trusted their lives to the oid trader.
The first of the "blackbirders" to be
lost was the brig Tahiti. She was on
her way from the Gilbert Group to
Mexico with over 300 natives (black
birds) aboard intended for the coffee
plantations of Central America, when
she capsized in a squall and everybody
on board was drowned. The hull iioat
ed about for months and finally washed
ashore.
The next of the fleet to go was the
steamer Montserrat. Captain Black
burn took her down to the Southern
Seas on a number of trips and she
brought hundreds of "blackbirds" to
Ocos and other Central American ports.
When all the labor required on the cof
fee plantations had been supplied the
steamer was put into the coal trade,
and one trip she was caught in a vio
lent storm off Capt Flattery and went
down with all on boa^d.
The last voyage made by the Almy
before this ill-starred one was begun
was with a cargo of "blackbirds" from
Ocos to the Carolines. When that trip
was completed she was laid up in Oak
land Creek, only to be withdraw. * from
retirement to carry 'miners to Copper
Paver and incidentally to their death.
The first news of the disaster was
brought in early "esterday morning
by the steamer Santa Rosa. When
about nine miles southwest of Point
Honita Captain Alexander sighted the
hull of what he afterward described as
a double topmast schooner. This set
everybody '.'on 'change" guessing and
many remembering the fact that the
double topmast schooner Maid of Or
leans had capsized in the harbor some
years ago and that she had sailed for
a lumber port a few days ago, set it
down to be her.
Later, however, the tug Sea Witch
came in and reported the derelict to be
the Helen W. Almy. The report of the
captain of the tug was that the dere
lict was lying on her starboard side
with her bow lower in the water than
her stern. The lower yard of the fore
mast only showed, while the main from
the topmast up was in sight. All of
tha mizzenmnst was out of water, and
the rudder as far as the lower gudgeon
was plainly visible. At that time her
stern was beginning to show signs of
dissolution, and when the captain of
the tug Vigilant saw the wreck later
It was entirely gone, the cabin was
washed off the deck and some of the
planks were working loose from the
ribs. Two attempts were made to tow
the wreck into port, but the hawsers
parted, and the Almy had to be left to
her fate.
When Ihe Almy sailed last Sunday
the weather was fine, and the pros
pects for a speedy voyage were goodJ
On Sunday night it blew a northwest
gale, and all of Monday the storm
continued, and only began to g-o down
with the sun on Monday evening.
While it lasted the old bark must have
labored terribly, and the supposition is.
that when the strain came on the chain
plates the top sides opened up and the
Almy began to fill.
"The wind did not capsize the Almy,"
said Captain Ed McCoy yesterday.
"When she began laboring her seams
opened out and the water poured in
faster than the pumps could take it
out. She gradually sunk in the water
until a certain limit was reached, and
tlvn she rolled over. She had five boats,
and the passengers and crew may have
bad a fighting: chance for their lives.
"If any of them were picked up on
vessels bound north it will be some
time before we hear from*them, as ev
erything afloat for Puget Sound is
making long passages on account of
the heavy weather. The Almy was
only about 300 tons burden, and as she
had 125 tons of ballast in her she should
have stood up as stiff as a church in a
gale. If the tale is ever told, you will
find that the Helen W. Almy was not
in the slightest danger of turning over
until she was half full of water."
The bark Kate Davenport got in
! from Puget Sound yesterday. Captain
Masters reports that on Sunday night
I it blew a gale from the northwest and
that the wind was accompanied by a
heavy cross-sea. The storm continued
all day Monday and stayed with the
bark from Eureka to Point Reyes. The
Davenport was sixty miles off shore
during the storm and saw nothing of
the Almy.
A feeling of indignation is very gen
eral in shipping circles over the fact
that the Almy was ever allowed to go i
to sea. The insurance people would
have nothing to do with her, and an J
offer of 10 per cent to insure her for j
sixty days was refused by J. McCallan ;
of the Home Mutual Insurance Com- I
pany. The owners themselves were j
not at all sure of their vessel, and the |
tickets issued to the twenty-seven men ;
who went away on her read "for pas
sage to Copper City (if possible)." The
twelve men from Colgate, Indian Ter- j
Titory, got scared at the last minute, '
and on Saturday night last tried to get I
their passage money back, but failed. !
Sunday morning they went aboard and j
started on the ill fated voyage.
The Helen \V. Almy ' was built in i
Fairhaven, Mass., in 185*. and was j
298.59 tons net burden. She was 116
feet 4 inches long, 29 feet broad and 12
feet 5 inches deep. Many years ago she
was purchased by Captains Freeman
and Robinson, who brought her to San
Francisco and put her into the Hono
lulu trade. She carried sugar for many
a day and was then sold to the Me- j
Collam Fishing and Trading Company, i
During the season she was sent north
after codfish, and between seasons she
carried lumber from Puget Sound. On
one occasion she sailed from Tacoma
for Levuka, Fiji, with a load of lum
ber, but was dismasted in a gale and
put in here leaking badly, and with
her back almost broken. The Almy
never recovered from that buffeting,
and she has always been considered a
risky vessel to have anything to do
with after that.
After being fixed up as well as pos
sible the bark was sold to Wightman
Bros., who sent her to the southern
seas o-n a trading cruise. She brought
back a cargo of copra, but owing to the
fact that the vessel could not be kept
free from water a considerable portion
of it was spoiled. Captain "Jim" Lut
trell made a couple of voyages in her
and finally refused to go to sea in her
again, as he was afraid she would
fo-under. The waters of the southern
seas had not been very tender with the
old bark, as the hull had become worm
eaten, and in order to hold the vessel
together it had to be sheathed below
the water line. She was then laid up
in Oakland Creek.
When the Almy came out of retire
ment again it was to take a cargo of
"blackbirds" she had brought up on a
previous occasion back to the Caroline
group. Captain Pedersen, now of the
ship Centennial, was chosen to com
mand her. In talking about that voy
age yesterday the captain said: "I
never had such an experience in my life
before nor since. Every time a sea
would strike the ofd craft I was afraid
that we would lose our rudder and
sternpost. We left San Francisco for
Ocos in January, 1896. When we go.t
outside it was blowing too hard, so I
put back. The next' day we made an
other attempt and got her off shore.
It was blowing a nor'wester, and think
ing the bark might be leaking some I
ordered the well so-unded. She was
leaking and that badly. The pumps
were started, and after three hours'
work I found that we were only holding
our own.
"The mate had been In the vessel when
she was laid up in Oakland Creek,
so I turned to him and asked 'Mr. Mate,
is there any bottom to this ship.' His
answer was 'Oh, yes, sir; keep on
pumping, you'll find it.' Well, we kept
the pumps going all the way to Ocos,
and all the way from Ocos to the Caro
lines, and all the way from the Caro
lines back to San Francisco, and I'll be
if I ever found the bottom of that
craft.
"When she came out of Oakland
Creek this last time I looked her over
and found that the nails that held the
sheathing on had rusted away in many
places, and that all over the hull there
were crevices into which I could stick
a knife up to the hilt. I told Captain
Hogan what kind of a vessel she was,
and he only pooh-poohed the matter
and said 'I know where all the leaks
are and I am going to have them
calked up.' Well, he did have them
calked up, but there was many and
many a leak in that hull that neither
he nor his calkers ever found."
When the question of putting the
Almy in the Conner River trade was
i first broached the Wightmana offered
1 to sell the vessel to Mohns & Kalten
' bach for $3000. The deal was not con
■ summated, however, but finally Cap
tain W. J. Hogan purchased a third
I interest in her, Henry Mohns a third
and John Wightman retained a third
interest.
In talking about the disaster yester-
I day Mr. Mohns said: "I am sorry, of
I course, for the loss of my ship, but
! when I think of the passengers and
! crew it makes me sick at heart. The
j vessel was old, but was perfectly sea-
I worthy, and we spent a larpe amount
!in fixing her up. She was on the dry
dock and recalked, so she could not
have leaked a great deal. . A temporary
deck house had been built to accommo
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 23, 1898.
date the passengers, but it was secure,
and there was no danger from it. Each
bunk had a life preserver under it, and
we put five new boats on her. Besides
the passengers' outfits there were 125
tons of ballast in her, and that should
have been enough to keep her upright
in a typhoon. It is a mystery to me
how the accident happened."
If Captain McCoy's theory is correct,
which it undoubtedly is, then Mr.
Mohn's mystery is a mystery no
longer.
Captain Hogan of the Helen W. Al
my was well known in San Francisco,
having commanded a number of ves
sels trading with this port. He was
last in command of the ship Wachu
sett, but resigned several months ago.
Strange to say, the Wachusett arrived
here yesterday, having made the run
from Seattle in three days and a half.
Probably while the ship was flying
through the water on the wings of the
northwester, the unfortunate men -on
the Almy were a few miles away fight
ing with death in the same gale that
was helping the Wachusett to make a
record-breaking trip.
It is said that F. R. Cromwell, one
of the passengers reported missing, is
alive and in the city. At the last mo
ment he refused to take passage on the
ill-fated boat, thereby escaping the
catastrophe.
In the wreck of the Helen W. Almy,
off Point Bonita, on Monday night,
whereby her crew and passengers,
bound for the gold fields, were drowned,
there is recorded another tragedy of
the high seas that is criminal in some
of its aspects.
A-n old vessel that was good at best
for kindling wood, loaded with men
bound for the fields of fortune, was
swamped about fifteen miles from the
Cliff House — nearly ashore, as it were,
thus making death seem the more hid
eous, in that the elements stole a
march upon the life-saving station that
was almost in view. The wreck was a
silent protest of the sea's repudiation
of a craft unworthy to ride upon her
bosom.
The tug Vigilant, Captain John Silo
vich, left Fulsom street wharf shortly
after noon to go to the wreck, which
was reported to be abreast of Pillar
Point, about twenty miles south of
Point Bonita, and this proved to be
correct, as she was found drifting
around near that vicinity. The ill
fated vessel was first sighted about 2
o'clock by the man at the Vigilant'B
wheel. She was then but a speck upon
the face of the ocean, and could only
be seen when the tug breasted a high
wave.
The Almy lay upon her starboard
side, with her stern out of the water.
Nearly all of the stern had been car
ried away, and from the sectional view
of the water-logged vessel, as well as
from her sides, from which the tim
bers could have been pulled with the
hands, it could be seen that the bark
was rotten to the core and utterly un
seaworthy. She was beginning to go
to pieces, especially her sides, while
her masts, lying in a confused mass of
wreckage, will soon drift away.
Her' mizzenmast and maintopmast
were gone. The vessel had been under
a heavy head of sail and she was upon
the port tack, for she turned over to
starboard. From this fact it would
seem as though an attempt was being
made to put about for some reason
that will never be known.
Captain Silovich managed to get a
line to the vessel's back pin, with the
view of righting her sufficiently to read
her name, but the pin would not hold.
He then made fast to the spanker
boom and pulled it free from the
wreck. This he brought back to the
city with him. He endeavored to get
a line fast to the mainmast, but the
water was too rough for the tug's
small boat, so it was given up, as Cap
tain Silovich was afraid that it would
swamp. Th# men, however, brought
off from the vessel some bJankets and
towels, which were entangled in the
wreck of- the stern. These were new
and had evidently been part of the
passengers' outfits.
Captain Silovich declared that thfc
vessel was a man trap, and that she
was thoroughly rotten. He said: "The
Almy sailed on Sunday and ever since
we have been having northerly winds.
I believe that the vessel sprang a leak
or that there was a mutiny on board,
for she was bound back to port. lam
certain of this fact, for the vessel was
sailing upon a port tack, as is proven
by her being upon her starboard. She
had nearly all of her sail spread, and I
presume that a sudden squall struck
her and simply tore, her apart. You
can see the vessel was no good. In
fact, she is not worth saving. It is
criminal to pack men off in such boats
as that one."
The Almy had two new yards rigged
up before she sailed, and these were
found among the wrecked rigging of
the vessel. This source of identifica
tion only serves to confirm the theory
that' the vessel was the Almy.
Captain Silovich was of the opinion
that the vessel had foundered Monday
night in a s"quall. although she may
have done so shortly after leaving port,
and has been floating around ever
since, but this is not probable, as she
would have been sighted before. There
fore the most plausible theory ia that
the Almy met with her , misfortune
Monday night as she was endeavoring
to get back to port.
Captain Silovich entertains no idea
that any of the crew were saved, for
if they had been they would have been
heard from by this time. The twenty
seven passengers were no doubt below
and went to their deaths while asleep.
The crew may have been awake, but
even if they were they had no time to
lower a boat or make any effort to save
themselves.
It is almost certain that the vessel
was struck by a squall, for she lost sev
eral of her spars, her masts being
broken off close to the deck. If
there should come a strong blow the
wreck will go -to pieces in a few hours,
for it will be impossible for her to with
stand the action of the waves, and a lit
tle buffeting will line the beach with
her material. Even should it get no
rougher than- it was yesterday the
Almy cannot hold together much
longer. While the Vigilant was hov
ering about her considerable wreckage
in the shape of planks floated off. Cap
tain Silovich and his crew declared In
the most positive terms tha> from the
shape and build of the vessel, as well
as from her apparent old age, she
was undoubtedly the bark Helen W.
Almy.
On Board the Almy.
ALAMEDA, March 22.— Among the
passengers on board the ill-fated Helen
W. Almy, which was capsized outside
the heads on Sunday, was Walter
• Mohns of t'ais city, son of Henry
Mohns, one of the charterers of the
schooner. Two other Alameda young
men, George Forderer and Lewis Ward,
were to have gone on the vessel, but
were unable to get accommodations
because of her crowded condition. They
are thanking their good fortune now.
The lost young man was employed as
a clerk at his father's place on Market
street. San Francipco.
SIR KNIGHTS
AND FAIR LADIES
Masonic Festival in Aid of the
Widows' and Orphans'
Home.
Meeting of the Heads of the Differ
ent Departments — Success
Assured.
The heads and assistants of the differ
ent departments of the coming Masonic
festival met yesterday- In the Claus
Spreckels building. Charles L. Patton
presided and Mrs. Frank Pierce acted as
secretary. It Is quite evident that the
Masons in California are alive to the fact
that the Widows' and Orphans" Home
must soon be completed, and now they
are to have no incumbrances on this
home. Many novel features are promised
for the festival, which is to be held at the
Mechanics' Pavilion early In May.
Charles L. Pierce, chairman of the pro
motion and publicity committee, reported
active and enthusiastic interest of all
Masons in California. There are about
19,000 Masons ..ho are active members of
lodges in this State, and possibly 14,000
more who have Joined lodges in the East
and Europe. Hundreds of inquiries from
Masonic families come daily, all offering
aid or novel projects for the easy raising
of money to make the festfval a success
and get enough money for the Widows'
and Orphans' Home. One enthusiastic
member had already a list of some 900
children who are to take part in a wreath
and flower march, forming pretty figures
emblematic or' Masonry, after which a
battle of flowers will ensue.
Mrs. Frank W. Pierce of Oak Leaf
Chapter of Eastern Stars, who raised 1700
last year toward the home, is an 4 inde
fatigable worker, and showed keen'judg
ment in matters intended to interest the
general public.
She declared that the mothers and
daughters as wftJSas the wives and rela
tives of Masons »,Te all eager to do their
share of the work, and suitable work
should be found for them. As chairman
of the booth committee she has planned a
variety of novel and interesting features.
One of these will certainly please the
public, as it is intended to gather all the
fine jewels and regalia and show them in
a separate booth. Although this may
necessitate the getting of large fireproof
safes for their safe keeping after the
festival at night, it is thought of so much
interest as to warrant the expense. All
the children will clap their handa in glee,
for if they cannot "ride the goat" their
father rode, they will at least be perched
on the top of one of the many camels
that will walk about in their allotted
truck.
Mrs. Dr. Edna R. Field is another
Eastern Star that is pointing the way to
sure success. She proposes to have sew
ing bees, knitting bees and working bees,
who will aim to get the "hard sugar" out
of the pockets of those who may be
found sauntering about the festival.
Her plan of a silk May pole is a very |
interesting one and will certainly be ad
mired by the young ladies and gentlemen ■
of the fmtt-rnity. The committee on !
finance reported several thousands al- j
ready donated, with a promise of more
if needed. Chairman Patton now looks
forward to the raising of all the money
needed for the Widows' and Orphans'
Home. ______^____
CONGRESSMEN
BELIEVE WAR
IS INEVITABLE
Continued from First Page.
ing the initiative by the presentation and
passage of a bill appropriating $500,000
for providing food and medicive for the
suffering Cubans, just as was done with
the $50,000,000 national defense bill. The
probabilities are. however, that Con
gress will wait for the President's mes
sage on the gen<?£al Cuban question and
that this message will be accompanied
by the report of the consular officers.
When the Cabinet adjourned to-day it
was the understanding that the Presi
dent's first communication to Congress
would be the subject of the Maine dis
aster; that he would transmit the full
text of the report of the Naval Court of
Inquiry with such comment as the char
acter of the report might make neces
sary and with the statement that the
President would communicate with
Congress within a very few days in re
gard to the general Cuban question.
Viewing the situation from every con
ceivable standpoint. President McKin
ley and his administration and his Con
gressional advisers can see nothing but
the danger of war ahead. As clearly in
dicated in the Herald this morning the
recognition of the independence of Cuba
as one step toward endine war in the
island without necessarily involving the
United States in hostilities is under ex-
I isting conditions impracticable. I was
| authorized by a member of the Cabinet
! to-dry to say that this proposition is no
I longer considered in the realm of the
| possibilities which the President is dis-
I cussing with a view to definitely forming
I his policy. The President has reached
this conclusion after talking with some
| of the best international lawye/s and' has
i been forced to the conviction that unless
Spain of her own accord will grant the
Cubans independence, forcible interven
tion will ultimately become necessary.
The President sincerely hopes that
belli by Spain and that, pending "our ef
fort to ameliorate conditions in the isl
and, the Spanish Government may find
some way of giving independence to the
Cubans without involving the two coun
tries in war. Just how this can be done
he does not know. He recognizes that
the United States cannot go on indefi
nitely feeding all the people in the isl
and, and he believes the judgment of the
civilized world will sustain him in brings
ing to an end a condition which makes
such action on the part of -the United
States necessary. The feeding of starv
ing people he does not consider an act
of war. If Spain so considers it, the re
sponsibility is upon her.
If war comes the President prefers
that it should result from our attitude in
regard to the general Cuban question
rather than on account of the Maine dis
aster.
President McKinley realizes that the
report of the Court of Inquiry will be
such as to cast grave suspicion upon
Spain in the popular judgment. He
already knows that it will not directly
implicate the Spanish Government. The
report will be here on Thursday. Its
general conclusions are already well
known. It will be transmitted to both
houses of Congress on Monday. In
the House it will be referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs and in
the Senate to the Committee on Naval
Affairs. The latter committee has al
ready been authorized by resolution to
begin a Senatorial investigation as to
the responsibility for the disaster, and
by the reference of the report to that
committee hasty action of any kind will
be prevented.
The President, in his message on the
general Cuban question, in which the re
lief appropriation will be asked for, will
make it so plain to Congress that the
island of Cuba is lost to Spain and that
the Government aid contemplated is
practical intervention, that he believes
Congress will not hesitate to grant the
appropriation asked for without such
conditions as might justify Spain in
considering it an overt act of hostility.
This, at any rate, is . what he prefers.
Whether Congress will make the ap
propriation without a specific declara
tion for forcible intervention remains to
be seen.
Representative Cannon of Illinois is
one of the men who still believes that
war may be avoided. He said to me:
"As 1 look at it, every day's delay is in
the interest of peace, for if I understate
the situation every time the sun goes
down it leaves the United States be^ur
prepared to fight and it leaves Spain in
V/orse condition than on *he day before.
The gigantic preparations the Uriteu
JFtates is new making for war may be
the mwns of preserving peace."
LOS ANGELES
EXPRESS HELD
UP BY BANDITS
Continued from First Pa«re.
talned of the robbery and started in
pursuit of the robbers.
COMPEL THE FIREMAN
TO KILL ENGINE.
It Is Evident That the Robbers Were
Old Hands, Who Knew Their
Business Pretty Well.
TRAVER, March 23.— Northbound
passenger train No. 18 was held up at
Cross Creek bridge, four miles south of
Traver, last night about 10:55 p. m. by
two train-robbers.
The men boarded the train at Go
shen, and soon after pulling out
climbed into the engine and compelled
the fireman to cease firing the engine.
When the train reached Cross Creek
the steam gave out and the train stop
ped. The express car was then blown
up with dynamite. It was completely
demolished.
The mail car was then entered and
the mail pouch containing the through
San Francisco registered matter was (
cut open and all contents taken. No
one was injured.
The robbers had a buggy in readiness
near the scene and they left in this, go
ing north. They were heard going by
Harry Burk's saloon in Traver at a
lively pace.
The trainmen hurried to Traver with
the engine and mail car. Southern Pa
cific Detective O. J. Meade was onboard
and he notified the Fresno and Selma
officers, and posses were sent out on a
special train, leaving there at 2:45 a. m.
In the posse were Sheriff Scott, Depu
ties Henry, Peck and Timmins, and
Constable Con Angel.
A posse was also started from Tu
lare, led by Sheriff Merritt. The Sher
iff has with him Daggett and Reed, the
men who frustrated the McCall hold
up two years ago.
No special description can t>e given
of the men.
Cross Creek bridge is two miles south
of Traver, and the men would have
had time to reach Traver. They were
evidently headed for Fresno.
Only two -a n were in sight during
the hold-up.
Sectionmen have been taken to Cross
Cr^ek and the wrecked car placed on a
siding to allow the train to proceed.
There is no means of finding out how
much was taken by the robbers from
the express box.
The train was the local from Los An
geles and as a rule does not carry a
great deal of treasure.
GRADEBS TAKE THE FIELD.
JAMESTOWN. March 22.— Charles
Erlckson of the firm of Erlckson Broth
ers, railroad contractors, -who built the
Sierra railroad, will leave here to-mor
row with his grading outfit for Stockton,
where he will commence grading for the
Stockton and Tuolumne County Railroad.
A car loaded with plows, scrapers, tools
and camp equipments will leave by the
early morning freight and fifty head of
horses will start for the trip overland
with the wheel scrapers of the outfit. It
is expected that it will take them two
days to reach Stockton, but they will he
there in time to commence active opera
tions in grading P€Ti Monday.
To Cure a Coxd. in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund t v » money If It falls to cars.
JSc. The genuiiK has L B. Q. on each tablet.
GUNS WITHOUT
FORTIFICATIONS
Novel Plans for the De
fense of Exposed
Sea Coasts.
Army Engineers so Certain of
War That Emergency Steps
Are Taken.
Instructions Given to Prepare Im
plaeements on the South At
lantic Coast
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, March 22.
The War Department officials are
not going to wait for the construction j
of fortifications at points where they ',
• are needed along the coast and where
there has not yet been a beginning,
but they have already taken steps i
i looking to the placing of a number of ■
heavy coast defense guns without any
i fortifications whatever.
In a general scheme for fortifying
the seaboard fortifications come first
I and guns afterward, but so certain are I
! the officers of the army that war is to ■
j be the outcome of the present crisis j
i that they have determined upon an >
; emergency plan forfortifying the coast j
; which is unique in the annals of mod- !
! crn warfare. There are several points
: along the — tlantie seaboards where the
: need of proper fortifications and meth
ods of defense Is very great.
To-day in discussing the plans for
j coast defei.se with a Senator who is
I particularly interested. General Wilson I
stated a step has been taken looking |
to a still more effective defense. Un- ,
der this plan coast defense guns are to j
be erected without waiting for the for- j
tifications which usually precede their .
! erections. The engineers of the army '■
have been instructed to prepare the j
way at once for the necessary implace- j
ments for a number of big coast de
fense guns, which are to be put at crit- >
j ical points on the South Atlantic coast, j
This explains the large purchases of |
j concrete which have been made by the ]
department. The theory on which this
work is being done is that the guns can
I shoot just as well and just as effect
; ively with no fortifications around
i them as they could properly fortified.
The fortifications will come later.
SWEARS THAT KASSON
WAS HER FATHER.
Mrs. Mann, Though 111, Comes Into
Court to Claim the Miser's
Estate.
STOCKTON, March 22.— The legal
struggle over a division of the wealth
left by George Kasson was resumed in
the Superior Court to-day. Two more
witnesses testified that Kasson had ad
mitted to them that he had a wife and
two children, but the most interesting
testimony of the day was that of Mrs.
Mann, who, with her brother, Js a
claimant to the big -estate.
The scene In the court room When ;
Mrs. Mann was brought in for the first
time, was quite dramatic. She is still
far from well, and, reclining in a chair
and bolstered up by pillows, she swore
that she *\vas a daughter of the de
ceased. During her testimony she ad
mitted that she had been married and
divorced twice, and that at one time
she had led a life of shame. The case
is still in progress.
RICHMOND SEWER ASSESSMENT.
The Contractor Has Turned Over His
Claims on Delinquents to
His Attorneys.
The contractor who in 1895 constructed
the Richmond sewer for which there is a
balance of about $15,000 due has become
somewhat impatient and as a result has
turned the collection of the amounts still
due from the delinquents over to a iaw
firm to collect.
The Point Lobos Improvement Club to
which is due the credit of having this i
sewer constructed feels as if the honor
and good name of the club is at stake and
has in a mild manner urged the liquida
tiOn of this indebtedness, as without the '.
sewer the district would never have made I
the headway it has as a residence sec- !
tion of the city.
With this view, the club at its meeting ■
last night passed the following resolution: '•
It having appeared in the daily press of this
city that the Richmond Improvement Club had
passed resolutions against the payment of as
sessments for the Richmond District sewer out
let; and,
Whereas, Certain persons have taken it for
granted that the Point Lobos Improvement
Club had passed such resolutions and were I
against the payment of said assessments and !
inasmuch as the club was largely instrumental I
in securing righta of way and of having the
sewer built; be it. therefore.
Resolved. That the Point Lobos Improvement
Club hereby attest to the error of such re
ports; and be it further
Resolved, That we not only favor the pay
ment of all such assessments, but would re
spectfully urne all persons interested to pay
the same at once, thereby bringing credit upon
the district; and, be it further
Resolved, That in. our judgment, the work is
by far the best sewer outlet ever built in this
city and county.
James H. Dever, J. W. Russell. P. I. Ward.
Peter McHugh, T. L. Jones. Georse Magoonis,
Frank B. Gibson. \Y. T. Lyon, Edward Ginly,
George R. Fletcher, William P. Johnson.
Before the adoption of this, however, !
Felix McHugh, a prominent contractor |
and property owner of the district, ex- \
pressed himself as being somewhat op
posed to the club placing itself on record i
as trying to collect debts for any person, i
On this proposition President Fletcher of
the club explained taat the club was not I
doing anything' of the kind, but inasmuch ;
as the club had succeeded in getting the
sewer built it desired to see the contractor j
paid fof his labor. And further, as it j
had gone abroad that the club had a dif
ferent policy, he thought it no more than !
right and proper that it should set itself
right before the public, as the resolution
expressed. This satisfied Mr. McHugh
and the resolution was adopted.
The committee on more school accom- !
modation asked for further time to make
its report.
The committee on the opening of First
avenue into the park, through its chair-
BMUt, Felix McHugh. reported that the I
committee had waited on the Park Com- i
missioners. but so far had not met with j
the encouragement that would guarantee '
the much-needed work being done this I
year. Another meeting was arranged by j
the committee, at which it was hoped bet- i
ter success would be achieved.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
After Illness
Perfect Health Was Restored by
Hood's Sarsaparilla.
"I was all run down from the effects j
of illness. I began taking Hood's j
Sarsaparilla and it entirely cured me. I
I have always had a weak stomach, but j
Hood's Sarsaparilla has relieved this j
difficulty and made me strong and I
well." VIOLET GARDNER, 243 Mis-
sion st., Santa Cruz, Cal.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
la America's Greatest Medicine. $1; stx for $5. |
Hnnd'<i Fills cure Liv er Ills; easy to '
11WU i 1 1I1S take, easy to operate. 25c. ,
MOORED OVER
A SUKEN MINE
Such Is Declared to Have
Been the Fate of the
Maine.
Revelations of a Boston Man
After an Interview With
Mr. Roosevelt.
Declares That the Board of Inquiry
Will Give Names of Spaniards
Who Blew Up the Ship.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, March 22.— A very promf
nent Boston man, who within a few
months held a high Federal office in
Massachusetts, has just returned from
Washington. While in Washington he
spent the greater part of a day with
Assistant Secretary of the Navy Roose
velt. This very prominent Bostonian
has made the following statement to a
gentleman who stands high in social
and business circles in this city:
"Fixst— That the battle-ship Mains
was deliberately assigned to moorings
over a sunken mine in Havana harbor.
."Second— That the sunken mine was
deliberately exploded by a Spanish offi
cer who was in collusion in the deed
with other Spanish officers."
From other statements attributed to
the Boston man in question it appears
that the Naval Board of Inquiry knows
the name of the Spanish officer who
blew up the Maine and has probably
the names of his accomplices in the
dastardly crime.
It is expected in Washington that tha
first report of the Board of Inquiry 5
will be made public with a statement
that the Maine was destroyed by de
sign and through the explosion of a
sunken mine, but will not relate the
name of the Spaniard who is respon
sible. It is believed that a second and
supplementary report will give the
names or evidence pointing to th&
identity of the perpetrators of this un
paralleled outrage.
RETURNING WITH
LEAKING LOILERS.
VICTORIA, B. C, March 22.— Still
another of the Copper River fleet, this
time the Port Townsend steam
schooner Reliance, rechristened the
Townsend, has come to grief. She w-aa
met at Comox this morning by- the
C. P. N. steamer Princess Louise, just
returned from Wrangel, having her
boilers aleak and her machinery work
ing badly, for which reason she was re
turning to her home port for repairs.
The Louise also reports a temporary
movement of Klondikers up fhe
Stickeen, a short cold snap having ren
dered light travel possible in the river
for a brief time.
Eton Jacket Falls lead.
NEW ORLEANS. March 22.— Eton
Jacket furnished the sensation of the day,
dropping dead just as she passed under
the wire in the third race. Weather fine;
track fast. _ -»»,
Selling, six and one-half furlongs— Lady
Ellerslie won, Tachur second, Monon
third. Time, 2:23*,
Selling, one mile— Oninoor won, Tola
Simmons second, Blitheful third. Time,
1:42%.
Six furlongs— Meddler won, Glenmoyne
second, Dave S third. Time. 1;I4.
Handicap, one mile — Elkin won. What
Next second. Judge Steadman thir^.
Time, 1:42. f
Mile and one-eighth— Pete Kitchen woi%
Dorothy 111- second, Bizarre third. Time,
1:55.
Selling, one mile — Lulu Fry won. Nero
second. Kallitan third. Time, 1:42*4.
LIFE.
Man's health depends altogether on' th*
sort of life that he leads. It may be regular,
or irregular.- If it is the former he is
always full of vigor and proud of his
strength. If the latter he is a/ways weak
and ashamed of himself. From youth to the
age of 35 or 40 he should sleep eight hours
a day to be in normal and good .condition.
How often does he leave the beauty sleep
alone altogether and get to bed in the small ,
hours of the morning. This invariably re-
sults in weakness that he does not under- *
stand, and then he is in search after health
again. There is only one way in which lost
strength can be regained. It is by the use
of the specific "Hudyan " which is '■ the sole
property of the Hudsonian specialists, and ,
from them only can it be obtained. The work \
it does may be briefly described thus : I
8.• -■ First symptoms of decay. j*_
Q * " The "system fails. ; ..-A '§'-L
.;• Help comes. ..; % v fv. r"
S. ... The system rallies. '8
« - The glow of health. ; ,>. £
:■: •■ .• ■' C; *4
These are the regular courses of those wh4
get the assistance of "Hudyan" when .they
need it. It seems not to matter how severe
the case, the relief's as prompt arid effective
as could possibly be expected. Life is re-
gained, and the whole body becomes fresh
and bright. The decay ceases at once and
the confidence, with the return of health f is
again apparent where it was dying out. But
it is "Hudyan" alone that brings this precious
help. It has . restored confidence to some
20,000 people, and it will always remain the
friend arid helper of those who wish to re-
gain lost power and vitality. Circulars and
testimonials telling all about its great' work
are sent free to every inquirer. if you are
at all weak write and learn how to restore
your
LIFE.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
■-) '■■■ STOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS STB..
San Francisco. V 1V 1
DX? TT 17 Ci FOR BARBERS. BAK-
bh u orm o ?™. booibuuK, bath-
houses. bilUard-taDies,
brewers, bookbinders,' '■ candy-makers, canners,
dyers.*: flourmills. foundries, laundries, papsr-
hangers, , ? printers, ; .-. painters, *. shoe factories,
•tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
'■- > - BUCHANAN BROS;. ; _
Brush Manufacturcrs,6ol> Sacramento OtPOLICY OF
PRESIDENT
OUTLINED
McKinley Holds Confer=
ence With Senators
Allison and Gorman.
Leaders in the Upper House As
sure the Chief Executive
Prompt Intervention Is
Needed to Save Cuba.
NEW YORK. March 22.— A Washing- !
ton special to the Herald says: Presl- j
dent McKlnley immediately after the i
Cabinet meeting to-day had an hour's
conference with Senator Gorman of
Maryland and Senator Allison of lowa, j
the recognized leaders of the two great i
parties. The object of the President j
in inviting these men in conference was
to fully, outline his policy to them and ;
to learn from them the sentiment of i
the Senate. The President learned ;
from these two Senators that the ma- I
jority of the Senate was unquestionably i
in favor of Cuban independence and
that there was a very strong sentiment
for direct intervention. The horrors
of a possible war and the vast expense
that would be entailed, of course, were j
seriously considered. Senator Allison \
remarked that he feared the President
would need another $50,000,000 and
probably a great deal more before war
was reached.
It had been determined at the Cab
inet meeting that the President's mes
sage to Congress would not be sub
mitted until next week, as the report
of the court of inquiry is not expected
to reach Washington before Thursday.
The President is not disposed "to get
Congress off his hands." On the con
trary, he proposes to maintain the most
friendly and confidential relations with
both houses of Congress, so that in
dealing with the pending complications j
with Spain the executive and legisla- j
tive branches of the Government will j
work together in "double harness."
Allison and Gorman are two of the |
most conservative men in the Senate j
and they wield a powerful influence
with their associates. They were in
vited to the White House for the pur- j
pose of fully informing them of the \
policy of the administration and to in
voke co-opera /.ion in the Senate in con
sidering the question with due delib- j
eration.
President JftcKinJey Indicated very
clearly that h-> appreciates the gravity
ot the situation. He was exceedingly
anxious to kivaw the sentiments of the
Senate regarding the independence of
Guba, and he asked his visitors If they
thought the recognition of Cuban inde
pendence would bring to an end the
distressing state of affairs on the isl-
i fc and.
# One of the Senators remarked that
he feared the case had gone beyond the
point where any practical results could
be derived from the recognition of Cu
ban independence. He went on to say
that the whoie civilized world seems to
be in sympathy with the United States
for its humanitarian efforts in behalf
of suffering Cubans. All the world has
for several years regarded the United
Stages as exercising a friendly and hu
mare protectorate over the Cubans,
and ; it seemed to him that nothing but
active intervention would meet the de
mands of the situation.
The President was deeply impressed
■with these statements, in which both
Senators Allison and Gorman agreed,
and he cited numerous hypothetical
cases which might result from the rec
ognition of Cuban independence or act
ive intervention. His callers full ap
preciated the seriousness of the condi
tions, but invariably came back to the
point that intervention seemed to be the
surest and must emphatic way of dis
posing of the greatly tangled and com
plicated problem. ■
The horrors of the probable war were
also considered, and the vast expense
to the American people was also re
viewed with great seriousness. Evi
dently disturbed by the frank and
straightforward statements of the Sen
atorial visitors, the President expressed
the hope that the problem might be ad-
Justed without recourse to active inter
vention, though he made it known that
he was determined that there should i
be prc-mpt relief to the starving Cu
bans, whatever might be the result. He
said *he was proud of the fact that the
representatives of the people in both
houses of Congress were giving the ad
ministration loyal and substantial sup
port, and he expressed a hope that no
act of the Executive would incite polit
ical antagonism and prevent action in
carrying out whatever line of policy
may be adopted for the benefit of the
entire country.
President MoKlnley and his Cabinet
considered to-day the advisability of
arming vessels of the revenue cutter
service as men-of-war and turning
them over to the Navy Department for
such duty as Secretary Long might
direct. This consideration was the re
suit of the presentation by Secretary
Gage of a letter submitted to him by
Captain C. F. Shoemaker, chief of the
Revenue Cutter Service, recommending
that the President permit an expendi
ture of 560,000 from the national defense
fund for the equipment of ships of the
service with batteries commensurate
with their strength. No action was
taken by the President in the matter,
but there is reason to believe he will,
after further consideration, direct the
transfer of revenue cutters to the navy,
and the expenditure of the necessary
money for their conversion into gun
boats. . •
Captain Shoemaker estimated that
there are nineteen vessels on both
coasts which could be utilized for naval
service and of this number thirteen are
stationed on the Atlantic coast. There
are four vessels in commission which
are able to carry strong batteries of
four and five inch rapid fire guns, and
these soon will be reinforced by two
* others which are under construction at
Cleveland, 0., and which can be push
ed to completion within a month. Four
vessels which the service is. particularly
proud of and which its officers say will
be better equipped to perform naval
duty than the converted gunboat May- j
flower, are the Manning, of f>os tons
displacement; the Wlndom, of COO tons:
the SfcCulloch. of 1280 tons. .nx'O *hfl
Gresham. of !*ofi tons.
Onondaga and Algonquin are ttie
names of the vessels under construc
tion at Cleveland. Each is of 90Q tons
displacement and will be valuable for
naval service, it is asserted, should
they be properly armed.
.Five of the new vessels, the Man- |
DESTRUCTION
BY MEANS OF
DYNAMITE.
Copyrighted, IS9B, by James Gordon
Bennett.
HAVANA, .March 22.—Wreck
ers will on Thursday begin the
destruction of the Maine by
means of dynamite. The first
work will be upon the turrets,
with the idea of releasing the
ten-inch guns. A small charge of
dynamite will be used, but the
work will progress rapidly, and
it is expected that a month will
see the wreck completely dis
mantled. Two six-inch guns
were raised to-day and found to
be in good condition. Divers
were at work, contrary to the
report that they had concluded
the investigation. The papers all
announce that the American
Court of Inquiry made a report
which rs now on th ■ way to
Washington, but the matter is
handled conservatively, and no
attempt made to raise a scare.
The opinion continues to prevail
here that the Maine was de
stroyed by an accidental inter
nal explosion, and that the court
will so report to President Mc-
Kinley.
i ning, McCulloch, Gresham, Onondaga
and Algonquin, are supplied with tor
' pedo tubes, so that they easily could
be converted into destroyers.
The second rate vessels, Captain
i Shoemaker believes, will be valuable
I for naval purposes on the Atlantic
J coast; the Woodbury, Portland and
Dallas at Boston; the Dexter at New
Bedford; the Hamilton at Philadelphia;
the Merrill at Wilmington; the For
■ ward at Mobile; the McLane at Key
West and the Galves^on at Galveston,
Texas.
The Boutelle, which is at Savannah,
Ga,, will also be available for duty. It
has been pointed out by officers of the
service that older vessels are better
than the twenty wooden ships that
Spain has in Cuban waters, most of
which mount only one small gun each.
At present none of the revenue cutters
carry heavier than slx-pounders, and
the McCulloch, which Is the best armed
ship in the service, only has four guns
of this caliber.
ANXIOUS TO JOIN
THE NAVAL RESERVE.
Many Residents of Monterey and Pa-
cific Grove Ready to Fight Under
the Stars and Stripes.
DEL MONTE, March 22.— The war
fever has taken full possession of the
residents of Monterey and Pacific
Grove, and their patriotism is mani
festing itself in the organization of an
independent naval battalion, which, as
soon as it is up to its full complement
of eighty men and officers, will be regu
larly mustered into the rani ? of the
State militia, and will at once .notify
the' national Government that it is
ready to respond to any call that may
be made for its services. The movement
to obtain recruits was started this
morning, and, though no special can
vass of the two towns was made, as
soon as the news of the proposed or
ganization became rumored about ap
plications poured in with such profu
sion that the contemplated number of
members for the company is already
nearly obtained and the projectors are
considering the advisability of raising
the limit to 100 or more. Lieutenant
Lasher, U. S. A., retired, has volun
teered to drill the new sailors in naval
tactics, and Lieutenant M. P. Seeley,
late of the regular army, will attend
to the military education of the em
bryonic warriors.
The idea of creating this new com
pany originated with Harry Green,
brother of Clay Green, the play writer,
who resides here, and his coadjutors in
the work are S. B. Caruth and W. E.
Parker. The members of the new or
ganization have been carefully selected
and represent the best blood of this
famous old town.
m
SAYS AUTONOMY
HAS BEEN STRANGLED.
An Independent Madrid Paper Com-
plains Bitterly of Uncle
Sam's Stand.
MADRID, March 22.— The Imparcial
(Independent) expresses "the opinion
that the action of the United States
has completely checked the advantages
which Spain might have derived from
granting autonomy to Cuba, and al
leges that the United States "has prac
tically strangled autonomy at its
birth."
The Imparcial also thinks Spain fail
ed diplomatically in not having ob
tained the removal of Consul-General
Lee, "nor the withdrawal of the ships
from Cuba," and expresses fear that
"although military action will be keen
er than ever," it will not sutfice to paci
fy Cuba, "owing to circumstances cre
ated by the United States."
The Correo (Carlist) does not expect
help from Europe, but hopes the Latin
countries of America will support
Spain. '
NEWSPAPER THIEVES.
A reward of $10 is offered for the
arrest and conviction of any person
caught stealing copies of this paper
from the doors of subscribers.
THE SA3T FRAKCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 23, 1898.
PATRIOTS ARE
VOLUNTEERING
Many Men Are Anxious
to Join the Army if
War Is Declared.
National Guar*d of the State of
Washington Getting Ready
for Action.
Cipher Telegrams From tha War
Department Cause the Militia to
Prepare for Emergency.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Wash., llarch 22.— The
local United States recruiting office
witnesses daily the application of pat
riots who volunteer their services in
the event of an outbreak of hostilities
with- Spain. Lieutenant B. B. Buck
states that a special effort is making
to secure recruits for the artillery,
which requires over 1600 men immedi
ately. In the last ten days fifteen ap
plications have been received. The
thought of active service has brought
many applicants who would not think
of enlisting in a time of peace. The
prospect of thrilling encounters with an
enemy is alluring where the thought
of the monotonous routine of military
life in barracks would have no charm.
It is known that cipher dispatches
form the War Department are being
received by Governor Rodgers and the
officers of the National Guard of Wash
ington. In every department of the
organization is an undercurrent of ex
citement, and extraordinay activity is
being displayed in drilling companies
and drumming up recruits. The con
tents of the dispatches are maintained
a secret, though their import can be
readily surmised. Undeniably the Na
tional Guard of this State has been
given to understand that it may be
called upon for active service against
the Spaniards, and the enthusiasm of
the guardsmei. induces them to work
for the attainment of a high state of
efficiency.
Brigadier-General J. B. Mclntyre
says that a strong effort is being made
by the Spokane battery to secure a bat
tery of four Hotchkiss one-pounder re
volving cannon. The State has at the
present time a credit in Washington
City of about $5500. and will have a fur
ther credit of $3500 by the Ist of next
June. Captain Otis has just returned
to Spokane from an Eastern trip, dur
ing which he saw Secretary of War Al
ger and Assistant Secretary Meikle
john. and endeavored to interest them
in the battery. Captain Otis believes
with the State's present credit of $5500,
two of the guns needed could be se
cured.
CAPTAIN BARKER
BACK IN WASHINGTON.
His Secret Mission to Key West Was
in Connection With the Maine
disaster.
"WASHINGTON, March 22.— Captain
: Barker, naval aid to the Secretary of
i the Navy, returned to his desk at the
Navy Department to-day, after a few
days' absence. He went to Key West
on a secret mission, the exact nature
;of which has not been disclosed. Inas
; much as he conferred at length with
Rear Admiral Sicard and with
Captain Sampson, president of the
• Naval Court of Inqiliry, there appears
Ito be good reason for the inference
that his business related to the Maine
affair and its possible outcome. Secre
; tary Long is authority for the state
ment that Captain Barker was not sent
! to Key West to get the report of the
Naval Court and did not bring it back
with him.
MARIX CANNOT GIVE
OUT INFORMATION.
Before Leaving Key West the Judge-
Advocate Says He Is Glad the
Court's Work Is Finished.
KEY WEST, March 22.— Before leav
ing Key West Commander Marix said
nothing could be given out about the
work of the Court of Inquiry or Its
findings. Personally the commander
said he was intensely relieved at com
pleting his labors.
Lieutenants Jungen and Hood, Cadets
Browrison and Boyd, Passed Assistant
Engineer Bowers, Assistant Engineer
Morris and Carpenter Jolmes of the
Maine left here to-day on the City of
Key West for Miami. Gunner Hale will
leave later. There are no commissioned
officers of the Maine here.
PREPARING FOR THE
ATLANTIC VOYAGE.
Cruisers New Orleans and San Fran
cisco Have Completed Tak
ing on Coal.
LONDON, March 22.— The New Or
leans (formerly the Amazonas), and
the San Francisco completed coaiing
to-day. The latter cruiser will await
orders. The former will go at 9 o'clock
to-morrow morning to Halhaven to
ship powder and ammunition previous
ly ordered by Brazil, and will then
aw y aif orders.
NO PRESENT CHANCE
OF AN AGREEMENT.
Transcontinental Lines Trying to
Adjust the Alaska Rate War
Troubles.
CHICAGO, March 22.— 1t is probable
that another meeting of the transconti
nental lines will be held in the near fu
ture for the purpose of reaching some
adjustment of the Alaskan rate troubles.
The Great Northern and Northern Pa
cific to-day announced that they had con
cluded that it was out of the question
to submit their part of the fight to a
committee of arbitration, but in so de
claring they expressed themselves as be
ing willing to hold another conference if
it could be arranged. Just what will be
accomplished by another meeting, when
the roads have declined to submit to ar
bitration, is difficult to see. but the Can
adian Pacific has also intimated that it
would be willing to meet with the other
roads, and it is likely that the second
meeting will be held within a week or
ten days. There was nothing said about
the differentials matter, and it is under
stood that the Canadian Pacific will
fight for them to the bitter end, and at
the same time the other transcontinental
roads are determined that the differen
tials shall not be granted. Unless some
body weakens there is no chance of
agreement.
Nominations Confirmed.
WASHINGTON, March 22.— The Senate
to-day confirmed these nominations: r.
liurley , Oklahoma, to he Associate
Justice of the Supreme Court of Okla
homa. Postmasters: Idahor-W. H. An
drews, Salmon; W. C. Aldell, Pocatello.
California— G. F. Wood, Modesto* C. F.
Coombe, Corona: C. F. Kelly, San Ber
nardino; G. F. Dexter, Santa Monica.
ROBAU WILL
NOT GIVE UP
Offer of a Big Bribe Fails
to Cause the Rebel's
Surrender.
A Spanish Messenger Brought
Poisoned Wine and Was
Hanged.
As a Last Resort the Father of the
Pashing Young General Is Now
Being Hounded.
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, Maxell 22.— The father of
the insurgent Brigadier-General Robau
has been offered $20,000 to negotiate his
son's surrender and the payment of the
expenses of both to Spain. The old
man refused. He was exiled from
Sagua la Grande last year because i
neither threats nor money succeeded in j
inducing his son to "present himself. \
Robau Sr. is Spanish by birth and |
I sympathy. He has no influence with j
\ his son or knowledge of his movements, j
Like many younger men in the coun- j
try, Robau's son went to long grass i
at the time Generals Gomez and j
I Maceo made their great march west
ward. His daring and his intimate
knowledge of .the Santa Clara country j
! led to his rapid promotion, though he !
iis still very young. Several stories ;
1 have been started that he was about to j
present himself though it has always .
i been unfounded. Once he hanged a j
' traitor who carried to his camp
poisoned wine. Robau accepted the i
i present and asked the man to drink :
with him the toast "Death to all
traitor*." The man would not drink,
and Robau hanged him and sent the
news of the event to the Spanish com
! mander of the west military zone. The
; attempts to discredit, buy and kill
young Robau. have extended over two
: years His father, living in Sagua la
Grande, was told he must leave Santa ;
i Clara on a certain date if his son did
' not surrender. He replied that he :
1 could not inlluenoe the brigadier of in- ;
surgents, and was driven into Ha- i
vana, where he now is.
The present policy of the Government j
! is puzzling those who argue that by j
harsh measures only can order be re- j
stored in the island, and as a first step \
a- rigid censorship should be exercised !
over the press. The Diaria de la Marina
is to-day permitted to reproduce the j
circular of Cardinal Cascajares, Arch
i bishop of Valladolid. Spain's Cardinal
i sternly calls the Government to task
!by charging maladministration and
i dishonesty in Cuba. He says that it is
no use to send to Cuba so many sol- ;
diers and so much money if there be ;.
no intention to secure results. Each j
returning ship brings to Spain thou- :
sands of invalids, who look more like |
i starving beggars than ill soldiers, j
j Long and useless marches with insufli- !
! cient food quickly tell their tale. .The
i hospitals in Cuba are all crowded with
| soldiers dying without attention or
I medicines. More than 35,000 soldiers are
| now ill in Cuba, pot • -ounting thousands
i who have returned to Spain.
"What became of the money given
Iby Spain so freely?" he asks. "Why
I have soldiers not been paid? Why con
tinue war if no success may be attain
ed? Is it because of maladministration
and dishonesty? If so, quick reforma
tion should come."
A mounted regiment of volunteer ar
tillery under Colonel the Marquis of
Apezteguia, president of the constitu
tional party, has been instructed to
have ready four batteries of 159 men I
each to go to the front under command
of Lieutenant Colonel Pedro Fernan
dez. Before the volunteers go their pay
will be guaranteed by a bond.
A small fort at San, Juan y Martinez,
garrisoned by about fifteen men and [
officers, was attacked by insurgents on
March 19. The rebels demanded imme- i
diate surrender. Upon the refusal of j
the Spaniards the insurgents opened
fire and completely destroyed the fort.
The Spaniards lost a sergeant and feur
men killed, four wounded, and the >
others were captured. Aside from !
slight wounds the rebels escaped loss.
They captured arms, ammunition,' pro
visions and cattle.
A strong feeling has been aroused
I among Cubans by the deportation on
j Sunday, by the Spanish mail steamer,
j of ten political prisoners, who were ar
rested at the same timp as Honore
Lame. After being held here two
weeks and subjected only to ex-parte j
i hearing, without trial, and with no op- !
portunity to be represented by counsel, j
these ten suspects have been sent to |
Montjuich fortress, Barcelona. This
prison is the one made famous by al
leged cruelties practiced upon Spanish
anarchists. It is one of the most
dreaded penal institutions in all Spain.
Cubans and autonomists generally are
disposed to comment sf-verely on this
apparent return t» methods of impris
onment and deportation without trial
— methods which did much to make the |
Weyler administration obnoxious and I
finally unbearable. They say such de
portations indicate the repudiation by
the Blanco Government of one of its I
most distinct pledges, made at the be
ginning of the autonomist regime in
Cuba, and fears are .expressed that
such high-handed methods may exert
a strong influence In the coming elec
tions.
SWINDLER CLAY IS
IN KANSAS CITY.
Schemer Who Defrauded Riverside
Mining Men Will Be
Arrested.
RIVERSIDE, March 22— M. W. Clay,
on© of the Kansas men who are charged
by mine-ownters in this city with having
swindled them In a mining deal and who
fled when he found his victims intended
to cause his arrest, has been heard from.
A letter was received from Kansas City
by the Sheriff, which says Clay has
reached that city and is stopping at one
of the leading hotels. The Sheriff at
once sent a dispatch to the officers of
Kansas City to arrest Clay, as he held
a warrant for him.
Sheriff Johnson, who Is | n Denver,
whither he went after D. T. Jackson, the
partner of Clay, who was arrested in
that city several days ago, was notified
by wire of the location of Clay, and it is
expected that he will go right on to
Kansas City as soon as requisition papers
(which have been applied for) can be ob
tained, leaving Jackson at Denver until
his return, when they will bring both
men at the same time.
The victims of Clay are well pleased
that he has been located, as they say he
is the ringleader, while Jackson is only
one of his tools.
Failure at Santa Barbara.
SANTA BARBARA. March 22.—Emer
son & Co., who have been in the boot and
shoe business here for the past eighteen
years, closed their doors to-day at the in
stance of the First National and Com
mercial Banks. The claims held by the
banks amount to $2503.
Pinta Sails for San Diego.
SANTA BAP BAR A. March 22.— The na
val reserve vessel Pinta sailed from h«r«
to-day for San Diego.
SICIRD GETS
SICK LEAVE
Will Be Detached From
the North Atlantic
Squadron.
Rear Admiral Bunce Will Then
Be Sent South as Naval
Commander-in-Chief.
Commander Schloy to Ec Placed in
Charge of Vessels Assembling
at Hampton Roads.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 22.— The Her
ald's Washington correspondent tele
graphs: Orders will, in all proba
bility, be issued by Secretary
Long to - morrow detaching Rear-
Admiral Sicard from the command
of the North Atlantic squadron
and granting him six months' sick
leave. These orders will be followed by
others directing the assignment of
Commodore W. S. Schley to command
the squadron, which will be assembled
at Hampton Roads, and probably Rear -
Admiral F. M. Bunce to duty as Rear-
Admiral Sicard's successor, in com
mand of the fleet at Key West. This
is the situation as it exists to-night
with reference to important naval com
mands which Secretary Long now has
at his disposal.
Rear Admiral Sicard appeared at
noon to-day before the Board of Medi
cal Survey ordered yesterday by Sec
retary Long. The information I ob
tained is that the board was directed
to convene yesterday, but on account of
the absence of the battleship Indiana,
to which is attached Surgeon N. M.
Ferrebee, a member of the board, it was
necessary to postpone the session until
to-day. The board assembled on board
the New York, flagship of the North
Atlantic station, and Rear Admiral Si
card reported to it.
Although the board was ordered to
report at once by telegram it failed to
de so up to the close of office hours this
afternoon, but I understand that Secre
tary Long has been advised that the
board will recommend that Rear Ad
miral Sicard be granted sick leave. The
Secretary is quite willing to take such
action, and Rear Admiral Sicard will
be granted a leave for six months. This
will expire in September, and as Rear
Admiral Sicard will reach the age of
sixty-two years on September 30 next,
he will be able to retire by the opera
tion of the age law.
Secretary Long has picked out the
officer who will succeed Rear Admiral
Sicard. Indications to-night point to
the selection of Rear Admiral F. M.
Bunce as his most probable successor.
Captain W. T. Sampson could be
' designated by the department to com
mand the fleet as the senior officer
present, but it is appreciated that it
would be unwise to burden him with
the onerous and responsible duties of
commander-in-chief of a large fleet as
well as those which he has to perform
as captain of a battle-ship of the first
class.
With Rear Admiral Sicard to be re
tired, the vacancy thus created would
promote Captain Sampson, and it
would be possible to designate him as
commander-in-chief of the squadron
and detail another officer as captain of
the lowa. In view of the fact that
Captain Sampson cannot be promoted
until July unless a casualty occurred,
he is considered to-night to be out of
the field of officers who are available
for assignment. Rear Admiral Bunce,
by experience and rank, is entitled to
I the fleet, and, as stated, he will prob
• ably get it.
NO RUSH FOR THE
LATEST CHINESE LOAN.
The Poor Old Chinese Empire Offers
All Kinds of Securities to
Raise Needed Money.
LONDON, March 22.— There was no rush
here to subscribe for the Chinese loan,
and it is doubtful whether the amount
will be covered.
It was announced In Berlin on Febru
ary 22 that a Chinese loan of £16,000,000
($80,000,000) had been arranged with the
Hongkong and Shanghai Bank of London
at the German Asiatic Bank. This was
confirmed the same day by the officers
In London of the Hongkong and Shanghai
Bank. The loan, it was added, was at a
low rate of interest— probably 3% per cent
—and would be issued below par. The
security is understoo- to be of two kinds —
revenues hitherto unpledged and inter
national security in the shape of new
ports to be opened, the port dues of which
would be pledged, and, further, certain
industrial and mining concerns and secur
ity to the loan, which it was further an
nounced would not have been concluded
had not Germany insisted upon it in or
der to prevent Russia from obtaining it.
HAS NOT MADE
A FORMAL REPLY.
China Is Now Possibly Awaiting
Further Action by the French
Government.
LONDON, March 23.— The Peking cor
respondent of the Times says: China has
not yet formally replied to the French
demands. She is passively awaiting
further French action. Li Hung Chang
and Chang Yin Huan have been ap
pointed to represent \Ghina at the forth
coming conference with M. PavliefE, the
Russian Charge d'Affaires, who has re
reived special power. M. Pavlieff's in
tended departure from Peking has been
postponed until August.
The Times, commenting editorially, re
cards the postponement of M. Pavlieff's
departure from Peking as "tantamount
to an approval by his Government of M.
Pavlieff's peremptory methods."
SATJSALITO'S CAMPAIGN.
Poolroom Question Made the Issue
in the Race for Office.
SAUSALITO, March 22.— The campaign
lor the town election which will be held
on April 11 is developing into one of the
hottest tights that have ever been waged
in Sausalito. The proposition has nar
rowed down to a contest as to whether
the poolrooms shall run this year in Sau
salito or not. The resident portion of the
town has opened the battle against the
gamblers, wh..e the water front and
business men say that* the poolrooms
shall open and the gamblers |
;=hall be allowed to visit the town, and
wager their money on the outcome of
Eastern races.
The residents on the "hill have put up
for Trustees John T. Harmes, one of the
members of the firm of Madison & Burke
of San Francisco, and Major O. C. Miller,
president of the Sausalito Bay Land Com
pany, for the long term; and W. G. Mor
row a son of the president of the Sutter
street Rallroa- Company, for the short
The opposition ticket has for Trustees
for the long term Adolph Sylva. a lawyer,
who formerly practiced in the San Fran
cisco Police Courts and who is now pros
ecuting attorney of Sausalito. and Jacques
Thomas, a School Trustee and business
man; and for the short term, H. J.
Crumpton, a physician.
Upon the fight for 1 rustees rests victory
or defeat for the advocates of the pool
rooms, j
BLANCO
REFUSES
TO TALK
But Dr. Congosto Speaks
Admiringly of McKin=
ley's Stand.
Spanish Statesmen Pretend to
Believe the Skies Are Clear=
ing and Entanglements
Will Be Straightened.
.Copyrighted, IS9S. by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, via the Herald-Call dis
patch-boat to Key West, March 22.—
"General Blanco fully recognizes the fair
and conservative manner in which al^
matters of difference between Spain
and the United States have been
treated by the Herald, and regrets ex
ceedingly that the policy adopted by
the Government makes it impossible for
him to grant an interview."
Such was the reply brought to me by
Dr. Congosto when my card, accompa
nied by a request for an interview, was
presented to General Blanco. I had
asked the general to give me his views
of the general Cuban situation, and an
I answer to, the charge thit General
; Weyler had at one time written a let
ter announcing his ability and intention
to destroy the first American warship
to enter Havana harbor. It was in an
swer to this that Dr. Congosto spoke as
quoted.
Continuing, he said: "It may be in
: teresting to know that a request sim
j ilar to yours, made by a reporter for a
' New York sensational paper, was curt
jly refused by General Blanco. He di
| rected me to say to you that were it
'< possible he would be delighted to speak
' to the American people through the col
umns of the Herald, which he recog-
I nizes as truly cosmopolitan, particu
larly as a newsgatherer. In the pal
ace the columns of no other paper are
so closely read as those of the Herald,
and I repeat that General Blanco and
indeed all appreciate its fairness. That
i it is American in sentiment we know
and respect it for being so, but it is
the only paper in New York which has
printed the news of the Cuban situa
tion and treated it in a decent manner.
"All of this is said for General Blan
co, who, as said before, will grant no
interviews at present. The skies ap
pear to be clearing, and hfe believes all
difficulties will be properly arranged if
left to those authorized to discuss them.
.; 7 ..; ADVERTISEMENTS.
CXX)QOOOOOOOc6oOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOCOCOOOOCCOC50C
fiff^V C^ xlfm
W Mothers
y and P
S Sisters d
¥:"■■% Approve! : i 5i 5
#* They are following our *\ ; |'|
-> 1 1 1 1 1 1 II I suggestion and are rhJ- II Ml .
.■^ bVo n pointing out to husbands f ', ' :
sjprai s ; r :rs SNJwofr
sNJwooD s s ;; s rrs smood
rwrff'2f-> d ressed without p a y |n e C'STrn^Pl
extravagantly for It. (&Wl±i
Wni|, . . mi It Ll'
MM $10 Suits pfb
J 1 ' 1 Reduced ''I
1 .'.-.'■; • From $15, ' |
/ Correct in style, per-
'■: - feet in fit and work-
manship, are good busi- .
; :.■',', ;'■:■ ness suits and wonder-
%__--.\±j_ ful bargains to even the ____
most exacting dressers, tejpjjj fe|= |
i EVERY GARMENT ALL WOOL-IN
TWEEDS, CHEVIOTS AND CASSIMERES.
KEPT IN REPAIR ONE YE AR FREE.
We Carry a Fine Line of Men's Furnishing Goods and Hats.
718 MARKET STREET, S. F
The hew Spanish Minister at Washing*
ton, Senor Polo de Barnabe, is thf*
proper person to talk to America at
this time. Better than any one he must
understand the situation, and througL
him should come all interviews."
Dr. Congosto was asked if General
Blanco had seen the recent interview
with President McKinley, in which the
latter said: "Rather my administra
tion should be an ignominious fail
ure than it should be responsible for an
unholy war."
"He has," was the reply, "and ha
fully appreciates the President's truly
patriotic stand. President McKinley
is known by all observing Spaniards to
be far removed from jingo, and we have
full confidence in him as man and
statesman. But now you are trying to
worry me into that interview which I
have just said must come from Senor
Polo de Barnabe. You will forgive me,
but I must refuse to talk further. When,
the present entanglements have been,
straightened out come and I will prom
ise you an interview with General
Blanco to any length you may desire."
It is admitted at the palace that
nothing whatever has come of General
Pando's efforts to secure an armistice
for the purpose of ending insurgent
operations. It is not believed that
Pando even succeeded in meeting Go
mez. He did meet some subordinate
chiefs, however, with negative re
sults. It is stated that Pando
is now reported as moving to
ward the city of Puerto Principe. Hos
tilities have at no time been suspended,
and apparently are not likely to be.
About 10,000 men are now under Pan
do's immediate command in the prov
ince of Puerto Principe.
Qeneral Pando's vain efforts for an
armistice, already described, are doubt
less the origin of the report . from
Madrid that the central provinces are
pacified. No large volunteer forces
have been operating against the in
surgents in Eastern Cuba, as reported,
and the situation in that portion of the
island is substantially unchanged.
34
DEATH IN AN
EXPLOSION
DISASTER
AT POINT
SAN PEDRO
Two Buildings at the
Powder Works
Destroyed.
Chemicals Touched Off
by the Machinery-
Overheating.
A Laborer's Failure tc Obey
Orders Responsible for the
Catastrophe.
TWO LIVES SACRIFICED.
One of the Victims Captain Jenks,
Who Was Convicted of Starving
Horses.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
THE DEAD.
CHARLES A. JENKS.
CHARLES NELSON.
PAN RAFAKL, March 22.— Two ex
plosions occurred at 3:50 o'clock this
afternoon at the United States Smoke
less Powder Works, located near Point
San Pedro, about three miles from here,
Instantly killing Charles A. Jenks and
Charles Nelson and completely de
stroying two buildings. The jar was
distinctly felt for miles around. Only
parts of the bodies of the dead could
be found in the ruins by Coroner Eden
and his deputies, and these were col
lected and brought to the morgue,
where they present a ghastly sight.
The accident was due to the careless
ness of Charles Nelson, a laborer, who,
according to statements of officers and
men at the powder works, disobeyed
orders by running one of the sifting
machines in the absence of the superin
tendent. Eric A. Starke, the superin
tendent, when seen to-night by The
Call correspondent, freely discussed the
affair.
"The explosion." said he, "was an ac
cident pure arid simple, and was caused
by the disobedience of orders on the
part of Nelson. We had only recently
put in new machines for sifting chemi
cals used in nuking powder, and I had
given Strict orders that the machines
should l)i- discontinued in the morning
and not run at ;U1 In my absence.
Nelson had evidently got out of work
and hail started the sifting machine to
fill up spare time. He got to running
it pretty hard. Hush, the engineer of
the company, went into the building
and found that the bearings on the ma
chine were hot ami smoking, and asked
Nelson to stop the machine, as it was
dangerous. Nelson answered that he
bad no time and it was not necessary
to oil the bearings very many time's.
Hush left the building, and in a few
minutes the explosion took place,
wrecking the building in which Nelson
was at work and causing another
building about luo yards distant to
blow up. In this buildi-ng Jenks was
killed."
Kx-Captain Charles A. Jenks was
about 31 years of age, and leaves a
widow and young son. He gained
considerable notoriety some time ago
by being court-martialed for starving
horses in Pan Francisco. He was sec
retary to Superintendent staike and
lii't employed by the powder <<tmpany.
i harlea Nelson was a Swede, about
45 years of age, and single.
Not an ounce of powder exploded in
the two buildings. It was the chemi
cals used in the manufacture of the
powder that exploded. In the building
in which Nelson was there were only
300 pounds of chemicals, and this, be
coming ignited from the hot bearings,
sent the building and the sifting ma
chine tearing into the other building,
causing the two tons of chemicals in
that building to explode. Two tons
of wet chemicals in this building were
not injured. Only the one machine,
valued at $250, was destroyed. No
other machinery was damaged. .The
buildings were made of iron, and after
the explosion the woodwork in them
caught fire, but the flames were
promptly extinguished.
Jenks had gone into th» building to
exercise his muscle by lifting heavy
weights.
Charlt-s A. Jenks, one of the victims
of the explosion, enlisted as a private
in Company F, Seventh Infantry, on
June 3. ISB9. Subsequently he joined
Battery F. Second Artillery. In IS9O he
bt'i-anie sergeant of the company, and
on June ' r> became its captain. He re
sitrnod on October l, 1896. On Novem
ber 5 of the same year he was elected
first lieutenant of Troop A Cavalry,
and became captain on October 11 fol
lowing. Recently he was fined $500 for
starving horses belonging to the troop,
and he was discharged from the Na
tional Guard for neglect of duty.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
Na other soap in
the world is used so
much ; or so little of
it goes so far.
:x-CAPTAIN JENKS, One of the Victims of the Point San Pedro
Explosion.
SAYS LEROY
SHOT CROLY
Burglar Searight Makes a
Confession to the
Police.
Tells of the Visit to the Dwell
ing of the Sacramento
Resident.
Stood on Guard While His Accom
plice Entered and Shot the
Old Gentleman.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
. SACRAMENTO, March 22.— As pre
dicted In to-day's Call, Searight, one
of thje Croly assailants, has confessed.
thief of Police Uwyer and Officers
Fisher and Maley, who have worked
hard upon the case since Sunday night,
had woven a complete web about the
criminals. When the facts were related
to Searight he weakened and told his
story to Chief Dwyer and Officer Ma
ley. Then Searight accompanied the
oliieers in a carriage tv Fourteenth and
Q streets, where the young burglar
alighted and took two jimmies from un
der a wooden Bidewalk.
Searight paid that at Leroy's request
he borrowed a pistol from a friend, and
bought cartridges' from a second-hand
store. They afterward bought one
jimmy from a second-hand store on I
street, paying 15 cents for it, and stole
another jimmy at the same place while
making the dicker.
The first attempt at burglary was
made last Friday night, at Twentieth
and H streets. They were frightened
away while attempting to pry open a
window. On the same night they broke
into the residence of Mrs. John Miller,
at Eleventh and O streets, but were
frightened away by the ringing of bells,
presumably a burglar alarm. Searight
said that when the window was pried
up the latth snapped like a pistol when
It broke. On Saturday night they vis
ited the quarters of some Japanese in
the alley, between Second and Third. X
and L streets. Searight stood tmtside
while Lefoy wont into the house. Pres
ently Leroy came out. He had made a
small haul. In a purse which he stole
the sum of 86 cents was found. The
purse was cut to pieces and thrown
away, and the money was spent enter
taining women in a dance hall. They
visited other houses, said Searight, to
"get the lay of the land" for future
work.
On Sunday night they stated to do
some burglary work in the southern
part of the city. Searight said that
they had no particular house in view.
At Twelfth and P streets Leroy, seeing
that the Croly house was dark, went up
and ran the bell a couple of times.
Getting no answer, the front window
was pried open with a jimmy and Le
roy entered, Searight standing guard.
Presently Searitrht heard two shots,
followed shortly by hurried footsteps,
and Leroy dashed out of the house.
The burglars ran to Fifteenth and Q
streets and then crossed over to J
street. Leroy told Searight that the
"old man" hit him and he had to shoot.
They walked to Fifth street and then
crossed over to China Slough, where
Leroy said:
"I will wet this gun," meaning the
revolver, and then he threw it into the
water.
A man named White called at the
police station to-day and a-sked to see
the prisoners. He said that a few
moments before Croly was shot he saw
two men standing on the corner near
the house. When White saw the
prisoners he said at once that they
wore the men he had seen in front of
the Croly place shortly before the
shooting.
E. J. Croly, who was shot on Sunday
night by the burglar supposed to be
Charles Leroy, is somewhat improved
to-day. Dr. Q. C. Simmons, his physi
cian, said that if no serious change
t<u>k place within the next forty hours
Mr. Croly would recover. The two
bullets fired by the burglar have been
located. One was found under the
right armpit, near the surface, and will
he easy to remove. The other bullet is
under the left shoulder-blade, and it
will be a difficult operation to extract
it. The attempt will not be made until
Croly grows stronger.
To Elect a Lieutenant.
WOODLAND. March 22.— An " election
has been called to choose a second lieu
tenant of the local militia company, to fill
the ' vacancy caused by the removal of
Lieutenant Hilliker to San Francisco.
The election will be held on" March 25.
There is strong rivalry among the soldier
boys.
THE SAN FRANCISCC3 CALL, .-WEDNESDAY, MARCH 23, 1898.
KOCH'S VETOES
IN THE WAY
Injunction Against San
Jose's Council Dis
missed.
Court Lacks Jurisdiction Under
the Present Condi
tions.
Restraining Order Not Necessary in
View of the Mayor's
Attitude.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, March 22.— The two suits
brought by Sanford E. Smith to re
strain the Mayor and Common Council
from entering into contracts with A.
J. Coffee for a fire-alarm system, and
with Nash E. Mcßeynolds for street
sweeping, wore decided against the
plaintiff this morning by Judge Kitt
r<»dge. In both cases it was held that
the suits were prematurely brought,
and that the conditions had not yet
arrived where the court could use its
restraining power. The applications
were denied, and the restraining orders
dismissed.
Judge Kittredge held that the in
junctions could not be made permanent
as the action of the Common Council
was yet in a formative state, not hav
ing reached a finality, as in bo-th cases
after the actions awarding the con
tracts the Mayor had vetoed the actions
of the Common Council and there the
proceedings stopped, no attempt being
made by the Common Council to pass
the measures over the veto.
He said that the courts universally
held, and it was a well-defined principle
of law. that the judiciary shall not in
terfere with the legislative bodies in re
gard to any of their legislative acts
until the action has reached a finality.
In the cases at bar, it is presumed that
when the Mayor vetoes a measure the
Common Council in good faith regard
the veto as final and this presumption
must here prevail. If afterward the
Common Council should pass the meas
ures over the vetoes, independent pro
ceedings could bring the matter before
the court to be reviewed.
Judge Kittredge said the bid of Nash
A Mcßeynolds was certainly not the
lowest and best bid. but it may or may
not be the best bid. No evidence was
presented on that point, and it was not
necessary, as the other element of re
straint is the governing one. He said
no notice could be taken of the allega
tion that there was no money in the
fund to pay for the work, as it was not
shown that other funds could not be
drawn upon. The same general ruling
applied to both cases.
The Nash & McKoynolds matter was
to restrain the Mayor and Council from
signing a contract with this firm for
sweeping the streets for three years.
The Council passed an ordinance to
award the contract, but Mayor Koch
vetoed it. The restraining order was
asked for to prevent the Council from
carrying out its threats of awarding
the contract over the veto. By the
terms of the contract, the sweeping
would cost the city about $4000 a year
more than at present. The bid was
higher than the others submitted.
The Coffee contract was for a fire
alarm system. This also was awarded
to the highest bidder. The price to be
paid was $3900, in installments of $65 a
month.
FREIGHT WRECK ON
THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
One Man Fatally and Another Se-
riously Injured by the Ditch
ing of a Train.
SAX BERNARDINO, March 22— The
worst wreck on -the Southern Pacific for
some time occurred this morning at about
2 o'clock, and two men were badly in
jured. Seventeen cars were ditched. The
train was an East-bound extra freight,
in charge of Conductor Best. It had
reached the summit of San Gorgorio
pass and was traveling rapidly down tne
2 per cent grade near Whitewater, when
a defective car wheel broke and threw
one of the cars off the track, ditching it.
Seventeen cars in the rear were piled up.
The conductor wns l>adly injured and his
rear brakeman sustained injuries from
which he will die.
Occupies Another's Bench;
"WOODLAND, March 22.— Judge Ellison
of Tehama County presided In the Supe
rior Court of Tolo County to-day.
.... _ ,—, — • ♦ . ■
. ■.■'■'-(;■ -;-— — — — — ""'■"♦ V '—— —"■ : ■■.-':■-! i'tVj
"THE RED FRONT,". : 537-559 Market
street, sells- "STANDARD. shirts. *
CLARK TO
HANG FOR
HIS CRIME
Found Guilty of Mur
der in the First
Degree.
Verdict Returned After
Deliberations Lasting
an Hour.
The Fratricide Dazed When
the Jury's Finding Is
Read.
SCENES AT THE CLOSE.
Burning Denunciation of the Culprit
in the District Attorney's
Address.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NAPA, March 22.— The trial of the
fratricide of St. Helena is ended and
| the jury has decreed that George Clark
j must die on the gallows. His attor
j neys fought hard for a lighter punish-
I ment. They hoped for a life sentence,
but after Mr. Bell closed the case this
morning there was but one opinion
among those who listened. Clark
fidgeted and nervously clasped and un
clasped his hands as the District At
torney denounced the crime and its
perpetrator, and then when the court
was charging the jury he settled back
| into a stolid apathy, broken only when
the Sheriff came to rouse him and to
take him back to the jail.
The jury retired at eight minutes to
3 o'clock. The prisoner was talten back
to the jail, and while the crowd hung
around the court bouse he paced around
; the central well of the prison, his
' hands in his pockets, his eyes bent on
; the lloor and blinking &■ if he had just
! come into the light and his steps quick
and nervous.
There was much speculation among
the waiting crowds while the minutes
dragged along. The fifteen-minute men
I acknowledged their mistake, and then
| the thirty-minute men followed suit.
The impression was that there was a
hitch somewhere on the question of the
in-nalty, and then as more minutes
; went by and still no sign from the Jury
i room the waiters began to talk of a
'"hung" jury and the chances of an all
night session.
Gradually the people began to drift
away from the court house and stand
on the near-by corners .to -discuss the
delay.
Forty-five minutes slipped by and
then there was a knock on the door of
the jury-room. The people in the court
were suddenly silsr.i and those out in
the hall came trooping in. The jurors
only wanted ink >and pens, however,
and these were javen them, but it was
a good sign and more people came in
, from the outsid. and these on the cor
ners came back to the courthouse and
waited expectantly. The crowd was
right. Within a minute a knock again
came from the jury-room and it was
I announced to the elisor that a verdict
; had been agreed upon. The crowds
poured in in greater numbers and the
Judge, who had gone home, was sent
'■ for. The jury was called when the
court was seated, and then I. G. Her
ron, the foreman, rose and pronounced
the verdict, "Guilty of murder in the
first degree."
Jt had taken just an hour.
Clark hung his head and the tears
started to his eyes, but no other sign
did he make while Monday next was
being agreed upon as the date for his
sentence, and the court's adjournment
started the crowds to the hall or gave
license to those who wished to jostle
one another in an effort to gain a closer
view of the condemned. He was taken
to the jail again and resumed his rest
less walk around the narrow gallery,
nervous, preoccupied, his hands clasped
before him, his face pale and the gath
ering tears chasing each other more
and more quickly down his pallid
cheeks. He was crying bitterly when
the Sheriff left him alone. He was
asked if he had anything to say for
pmblication and spasmodically he put
up his hand and replied:
"Nor I won't talk to no reporters,"
and then he resumed his restless, rapid
walk. The jury cast four ballots. The
first stood eleven for murder in the
first degree and one for murder in the !
second degree. The second ballot was
unanimous for murder in the first de
gree. The third ballot was on the pen
alty. It stood ten for hanging and two
for a life sentence.. The fourth ballot
settled Clark's doom.
Mr. Bell followed Mr. Beerstecher,
and closed the case. He tore to shreds
Mr. Hogan's o-ratorical fabric, and he ;
dashed aside the theories one by one, '
which the defense had advanced as pos- j
sible explanations of the murder. He I
devoted himself particularly to the
claim of the defense in argument, and
he called attention to the fact that
there had been no testimony to show
such a mental state in the defendant.
In concluding Mr. Bell demanded a
conviction with the death penalty. and
In doing sir he arraigned the defendant
In words that almost burned. He de
scribed him as one who had entered the
home of his brother, only to destroy it;
who had destroyed his brother's fam
ily; who had thrown disgrace on his
brother's children and had despoiled his
brother's wife, and then he took all that
was left — his brother's life.
Judge Ham then read his charge to
the jury. It came as something of a
surprise when, after his openimr words.
Judge Ham charged the jurors that
they should not allow any remarks of
the court, made when the Judge so se
verely criticized Henry Hogan of coun
sel for the defense last Tuesday morn
ing, to in any way prejudice the de
fendant in the eyes of the jury.
The charge dealt with . the usual
points touched upon in murder cases,
with the addition that the jurors were
to leave aside all question of confession,
and arrive at their verdict without con
sidering it.
Then the jury retired to decide the
fate of Clark.
Precautions are being taken to pre
vent any attempt at suicide that the
prisoner may indulge in. The -Sheriff
fears that should Clark lose all hope
he will try to kill himself. There is a
special guard over the prisoner now,
and there witl be one always with him
until he is sent to San Quentin.
Clark was locked up for the night at
7 o'clock, and at that time he had re
gained command of himself. He has
hopes that his case will fare better be
fore the Supreme Court than it has be
fore the lower tribunal, and no one
tries to dispel this hope. It is evident
his conviction is a surprise to him.
The attorneys for the defense have
not yet decided .whether or not they
will appeal. The chances are tbat such
a course will be taken. t
MOB VIOLENCE
THREATENED
AT BURBANK
Citizens of the Town Enraged by a
Young Man's Persecution of
His Aged Parents.
LOS ANGELES, March 22.— A riot is reported at Burbank, a small
town about twenty miles from this city. The Sheriff and a corps of
•deputies left at 11 o'clock to-night to quell the lawless demonstrations.
The citizens of the place are aroused against J. M. Fawkes Jr., who has
been arrested on a charge of threatening to kill his parents, and are
demonstrating their disapproval of his conduct.
Some time ago young Fawkes built a rough shed close to his father's
house, and so arranged as to shut out the light from the family resi
dence on that side. This shed was removed one night by citizens and
burned. Ten days ago young Fawkes and a. person named Holberg be
gan another shed, and completed it last Wednesday.
Fawkes, it is averred, was then overheard to declare his intention
of blowing up "the old folks" if his shed was again interfered with. In
pursuance of the threat he placed two or three dynamite bombs along
the footwall of the shed, nearest the family residence, and connected
them with electric wires; so that they would go off in case any one who
was not acquainted with .the combination opened the door. Watchers
discovered these. Complaint was made to the Prosecuting Attorney by
a delegation of citizens and the "old folks." The latter finally swore to.
the complaints, warrants were issued and the parties arrested. It is
feared that Fawkes will be taken from jail and horsewhipped or
lynched.
FOR ALASKAN
EXPLORATION
Government Decides to
Send Out Three Ex
peditions.
Their Mission to Obtain Various
Data Regarding the
Country.
Will Locate Feasible Railway Routes
and Suitable Military
Sites.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND, March 22.— Although
the Government has abandoned the re
lief expedition to Dawson City, it has
not abandoned the idea of obtaining
information of the territory that may
be valuable to the development of the
country regarding available routes of
travel, feasible routes for railroad con
struction, available sites for military
posts, mineral resources, timber, fuel,
products, capabilities of sustaining
stock or animals of any kind and the
animal best suited, for service in that
country in winter and summer. In or
der to obtain this information the War
Department has ordered the following
expeditions for exploring purposes in
Alaska:
Expedition No. I— consisting of Cap
tain Bogardus Eldridge, Fourteenth In
fantry, commanding; Second Lieuten
ants Elmer W. Cl^rk and Robert Field
and twenty enlisted men, Fourteenth
Infantry; Captain D. L. Brainard, com
missary of subsistence, as quarter
master and commissary; First Lieuten
ant Franklin M. Kemp, assistant sur
geon; Acting Hospital Steward John G.
Abele and two privates of the Hospital
Corps; guides to be employed as need
ed; 200 reindeer, with proportional
number of sledges and drivers. -f"My
equipped and supplied to June 30, 1898—
will proceed to Pyramid haruui or
Haines Mission, Alaska, not later than
March 24, and via the Dalton trail to
Dawson, N. W. T., thence to the vi
. inity of Belle Isle, Alaska, and there
establish a military camp and depot.
The expedition will proceed thence to
discover, explore and mark a trail from
the Yukon up Forty Mile Creek to the
Tanana River. It will also explore for
other practicable routes southward
from the Yukon between Belle Isle and
Circle City to the Tanana. .Its district
of exploration will not be limited ex
cept by the valley of Forty Mile Creek
on the south, the Yukon on the east and
north to Circle City, and the Tanana
River on the west. It will also en
deavor to communicate with expedi
tions 2 and 3.
Expedition No. 2— consisting of Cap
tain W. R. Abercrombie, Second Infan
try, commanding; First Lieutenant
Guy H. Preston, Ninth Cavalry; First
Lieutenant P. G. Lowe, Eighteenth In
fantry; Second Lieutenant R. M.
Brookfleld, Second Infantry; and fif
teen enlisted men from the Fourteenth
Infantry; Acting Hospital Steward
John W r . Cleave and two privates of
the Hospital Corps; fifty reindeer and
supplies to include June 30, IS9B— will
proceed about April 1 to Valdes Inlet,
Alaska, and there establish a camp and
depot and explore the valley of the
Copper River and tributaries to the
Tanana River, establishing a line of
communication to the junction with
expedition No. 1 on the Tanana River.
Its d'strict of exploration will hi the
valley of Copper River. It will also
endeavor to communicate with oxp^di
tion-3 Nos. 1 and 3.
Expedition No. 3 — consisting of Cap
tain E F. Glenn, Twenty-fourth Infan
try, commanding; First Lieutenant
James A. Ryan. Ninth Cavalry; Sec
ond Lieutenant Henry G. LearnarcJ and
nineteen enlisted men of the Four
teenth Infantry; Second Lieutenant J.
C. Castner, Fourth Infantry; F;rst
Lieutenant John S. Kulp. Assistant
Surgeon; Acting Hospital Stewari Ar
thur Neville and two privates of the
Hospital Corps; fifty reindee", fully
equipped to include June 30, 189S — will
proceed to Port Wells, Prince William
Sound, Alaska, about April 1, there es
tablish a camp and depot and explore
northeastward and northwestward for
routes towards Copper and Suchitna
rivers. This expedition will be reader
to re-embark about May 1, 1898, for
Cooks Inlet, thence to explore- north
ward and endeavor to discover the
most direct and practicable ro*ute from
tidewater to one or more crossings of
the Tana; a. River in the direction of
the Yukon between Forty Mile Creek
and Circle City. It will also endeavor
to communicate with expeditions Nos.
1 and 2. The district of exploration will
be the route indicated arid the country
north between that and the Tanana
and Yukon rivers. Passes through
the Alaska Mountains south of the Ta
nana should be discovered, if existing.
Sudden Death at Chico.
CHICO. March 22.— Timothy Crowley,
an early pioneer of California, dropped
dead at the residence of his daughter
Miss Lizzie Crowley, in this city at 11
o clock to-day. He came to California in
1549 and for many years was engaged in
mining in El Dorado, Trinity and Butte
counties. He has a brother and son re
siding in San Francisco, whither his body
will be seat for interment.
FUSION MAY
BE DEFEATED
Conventions of Three
Free Silver Parties at
Portland.
Conference Committees Will
Attempt to Effect a
Union.
If They Succeed the Middle-of-the-
Road Populists Will Bolt the
Ticket.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND. March 22.— The Demo
crats, Populists and Silver Republicans
of Oregon will hold State conventions
in this city to-morrow for the purpose
of nominating 1 two candidates for Con
gress and a full State ticket from Gov
ernor downward. The Democrats and
silver Republicans are almost unani
mously in favor of fusion, but there is
a division in the ranks of the Popu
lists which threatens to cause a serious
split in the convention.
J. P. Young, chairman of the Popu
list State Central Committee, who has
a large following, is opposed to fusion.
The middle-of-the-road Populists, how
ever, are believed to be in the minor
ity, and in case the Populist convention
insists on fusion with the Democrats
and silver Republicans, it is said, a
number of delegates will walk out of
the conveintion.
When the convention meets to-mor
row the first business of importance
will be the appointment of a confer
ence committee by each. The confer
ence committees will endeavor to agree
upon a platform and a division of the
offices. No nominations will be made
until the committee reports, and in
consequence candidates are at sea.
John B. Waldo of Marion County, a
former Republican and Justice of the
State Supreme Court, is the most prom
inent candidate for the Populist nomi
nation for Governor. General H. B.
Compson of Klamath County, it is
said, has a large number of delegates
pledged to support him, and his friends
assert that his nomination is assured
in the event that the governorship goes
to the Democrats. There are a dozen
or more candidates for Congressman,
but to-night no candidate can Judge
his strength.
There is no controversy over the
financial plank, which will favor the
free and unlimited coinage of silver at
the ratio of 16 to 1.
ARE OPPOSED
TO ANNEXATION
Hebbron of Salinas Tells of the
Stand of California Sugar
. Beet Growers.
Great Industry That Claus Spreckels
Is Fostering of More Irnport
unce Than Hawaii.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Rlggs House,
Washington, March 22.
J. R. Hebbron of Salinas, Cal., who Is
at the Riggs House, in conversation with
a Call correspondent said:
"There is great opposition among the
sugar beet producers of my State against
the annexation of Hawaii. In fact, I
think that outside of San Francisco the
general sentiment of the people is ad
verse to the annexation policy. The beet
sugar industry is assuming enormous
proportions out in our country, and has
already come to be a source of large rev
enue to the farmers. Claus Spreckels is
building in Monterey County, near my
home, a sugar refining plant that will be,
when completed, the largest and most
perfectly equipped In the world. Machin
ery for the plant is coming over con
stantly by the shipload from Germany
When completed it will cost $2,000,000. In
the county adjoining Mr. Spreckels has a
large plant in operation, but the sugar
produced there is sent to San Francisco
to be refined. Such an interest as this,
which, benefits a large number of people,
far outweighs in importance the advan
tage to be gained by a comparatively
small number of men who profit by com
mercial Intercourse with Hawaii."
WOODMEN HOLD HIGH
REVEL AT WINTERS.
... . ■. - — - — .-;; V, ■ - • ■ . : :
Delegation From Madrona Camp of
Woodland Tendered a :
Banquet.
WOODLAND. March 22.— The "Wood
men. 1 of : the World held" high, car
nival at Winters » last j night A delega
tion of twenty-six members of I Madrona
Camp of Woodland i paid Acacia Camp at
Winters a fraternal visit. A Wood!an<»
team conducted ;. initiatory ; ceremonies,
which were followed by. a banquet. >■- The
visitors speak in highest terms of > the
cordial reception and royal entertain
ment. K|BSgiiSf»' '- ' ■"• •
THE COST OF
THE BIG CANAL
One Hundred Millions of
Dollars Will Probably
Do the Work.
That Is the Figure Set by the
American Canal Com
mission.
Some Honest Differences of Opinion
as to the Best Method of
Proeedur3.
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 22.— The Her*
aid's correspondent at Greytown, Nic
aragua, writes under date of March 5:
The Canal Commission, consisting of
Admiral Walker, Colonel Haines and
Professor Haupt, has finished its tour
of observation and study of the canal
line across this country, and is prepar
ing to return to New York. The com
mission has been in the country for
nearly three months, and during this
period it has gone over the line of the
proposed canal from Greytown, on the
Caribbean, to Brito, on the Pacific.
Many of the important points of the
canal route were visited twice on the
journey westward, and the commis
sioners return home with adequate
knowledge of the country and. the de
tails of the proposed canal. This store
of knowledge will be increased by the
monthly reports from the surveying,
hydrographic and geological parties
that will remain at work along the ca
nal line for some months. The report
that the commission will prepare can
hardly be ready before next fall.-
There is a vast amount of calculation
to be done, looking to reaching satis
factory estimates as to cost, and the
final conclusions along the several
lines will not be reached as long as
there is a possibility that the reports of
the parties now in the field can mate
rially affect the opinions of the mem
bers of the board.
It can be said on high authority that
the provisional estimate of cost will be
about $100,000,000, although this figure
may be altered if any radical changes
are decided upon later. The estimate
of cost by the Maritime Canal Com
pany is about $70,000,000.
The provisional estimate of the com
mission of 1895 was $133,000,000, though it
is said that this difference of $60,000,000
between the canal company's estimate
and- that of the commission was largely
due to the fact that the commission
recommendations provided that many
of the features of the project be on a
larger scale than was contemplated by
the canal company.
There are honest differences of opin
ion in the present commission as to the
best ways of surmounting several
of the engineering difficulties of the
proposed canal. The great dam at
Ochoa, on the San Juan River, and the
corresponding dam at La Flor, on the
western division, the regulation of the
summit level— these are the problems
over which the members of the commis
sion have spent much time, and while
the general disposition of the commis
sion may be said to be favorable to
jthe caYial project, still there exflfi these
differences which must disappear be
fore a report which would be wholly
satisfactory to the friends of the canal
can be made.
These differences of opinion, however,
will be molded into satisfactory com
promises in the months that will inter
vene before the report is ready fory
Congress. The full report, when read>B
should be the most complete and sat-^
isfactory document on the canal yet
produced. It will carry all possible
bearings on the canal much further
than ever before. The commission has
a vast amount of data available from
the canal company and previous Gov
ernmental surveys, and these will be
supplemented by reports from many
parties now at work all along the line
from one ocean to the other.
- ADVERTISEMENTS.
£v __— Good habits,
<<ipxvjp7 Ijl . , " healthful exercise,
%|^7X^?t. 'If-- « ••'• an< i proper medi-
£&dj^Jill. £1 cation are the
§P^fl7fc^\sl Eh is three great con "
Bfi In hj&~ T^ servatora of
\\\'l (J&^ / health.- Good
Jjl\l Jm& /health is the greatest
{)\i Jli ' J beautifier. Neither a
K^y/wL-jeSß^ man nor a woman can
WJS^J^SE^^^ have an attractive person-
gf"^pgS> ality who suffers from ill-
T^rftit 1 :: health. If it were not for
lisorders of the digestive organs, nine-
tenths of the medical books in the world
could be safely destroyed. Not only the
minor maladies, but the majority of serious
diseases have their inception in a disorder-
ed digestion. Consumption is undoubtedly
the most deadly enemy with which man-
kind has to contend. Like all other wast-
ing diseases, it ha» its origin in disorders
of the digestive organs. As a result of these
disorders, the appetite falls off: the life-giv-
ing elements of the food are not properly
assimilated; the blood becomes thin and im-
pure; and all the tissues of the body are im-
perfectly and improperly nourished; the :
lungs become clogged with inert, half dead i
tissues that offer an attractive soil for the \f
invasion of the germs of consumption. It
has been said thousands of times that con-
sumption is incurable. It is not.
Ninety-eight per cent of all cases of con-
sumption are cured by Dr. Pierces Golden
Medical Discovery. It corrects all disorders
of the digestive organs, invigorates the liver
and makes the appetite keen and the assim-
ilation perfect, it makes new blood, pure
blood, and lots of it It builds new and
healthy tissue. It is the great flesh-builder.
It acts directly on the lungs, driving out all
impurities and disease germs. Thousands
have testified to its merits. All good drug-
gists keep it. ' ':J •■:.'- ":■>.;
Geo. H. Slater, Esq., of Yates City Knox Co..
Ills., writes "I have been troubled with indi-
gestion and dyspepsia for the last two years. I
got a bottle of your ' Golden Medical Discovery.'
and it did me so much good I am going to get
another bottle. It is the best medicine in the
world for stomach trouble." . . •
Good health is the best endowment
Those who have it cannot be too careful to
preserve it. Constipation is the worst
enemy of good health. . It causes nearly
every disorder, known to physicians. Dr.
Pierces Pleasant Pellets are a sure, swift,
safe and permanent cure for constipation.
One little v Pellet " is a gentle laxative, and
two a mild cathartic. They never gripe.
Druggists sell them. • .
OFFICE DESKS.
LARGE VARIETY.
DESKS |||ifc DESKS ,
DESKS |!l|Ji DESKS
, Get Our Prices Before Buying. -
GEO. H. FULLER DESK CO.,
638-040 MISSION STREET.FREIGHT
HATES ARE
INCREASED
First Action of the
Transcontinental
Bureau.
Minor Articles Disposed
of by Tacking on More
Tariff.
'ion of Inspectors Called
Up by the Local
Jobbers.
WOULD PREVENT FRAUD.
: 1 Bo Stationed at All Receiving
Points In Pacific Coast
States.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
. MONTE, March 22.— The men of
.ts and measures sat in session
from early in- the morning untTT
In the afternoon, and, strange to
did not accomplish one soli
thing, if the statements of the se
deleg&tes to the Transcontinen-
I'retght Bureau meeting are to be
cd. However, whether they ac
.'.shed much or little this is what
I me:
The rate on machinery and kindred
es that take the same rate was in
treased from $1 10 to $1 15 on carload
lots. Toys went up from $1 to $1 30 on
loss than carload lots, and paints, oils
and varnish in less than carload lots
were put from $1 to $1 35.
These articles, being of minor import
ance, 'were attended to and dispatched
in order to adjust the rates on them as
quickly as possible and get them out
of the way so that when the considera
tion of the regular tariff comes before
the meeting the members will not be
bothered in settling scattered matters.
The most important question that
came before the meeting and the one
which interests every mercantile house
in the Pacific Coast was the question
of appointing freight inspectors to be
stationed at the various receiving
ts <■!" Pug>-t Sound, the coast and
Interior. Tin- only points at which
Mirh inspectors are now placed are
Portland, San Francisco and Los An
geles.
This leaves all the points of the In
•! of tho State, as well as those of
Puget Sound and many on the coast,
entirely without anyone who has the
authority to see that goods shipped in
are properly classified, and gives to
dishonest Eastern houses a splendid
opportunity to supply the small dealer
of California with articles on which
the /reiyht rate is exceedingly high at
;igure by under-clas
sifying the goods when they are
shipped, thus shutting out entirely the
big houses of San Francisco, Los An
geles and Portland, when the goods
inspected and where the full and
proper freight payments are txacted.
To illustrate: The freight on plain
! '.".are is $1 and the rate on pistols
191 J2 40 per 100 pounds. An Eastern
h<'ise makes up a case of pistols, labels
it 'hardware," and snips it to Red
Bluff or Sacramento as such, paying
the $1 rate. There the goods are un
led and sold to the small dealers
throughout the surrounding country,
when the traveler from a San
Francisco house that has to pay the
proper freight on the articles It re
s ( omes into the territory he not
only finds it already stocked but is
laughed at for the figures he is forced
to quote by the retailers, who have
I aight from the Eastern house at the
much lower prices made possible to
th<-m by the freight charges the ship
pera are enabled to escape through the
under-rlassi float ion.
Pacific Coast merchants have pro
tested against this for some time and
earnestly urged the appointment
of inspectors at all the important
points, claiming the returns from the
amount of fraud they will prevent will
more than equal their salaries and
other incidental expenses of their ap
pointment, but to-day for the first time
the matter has been seriously taken.
The freight bureau gave it consider
able attention and finally laid it on the
table for further consideration, as it
was considered of too much import
ance to be lightly disposed of.
J. W. Spencer, genera! freight inspec
tor of the Pacific Coast, was called
down to appear before the bureau in
oider to advise on the matter, and he
will remain here until it is finally dis
posed of.
The balance of the session was given
over to the disposal of routine matters
and the discussion of the division of
rates.
To-morrow representatives of the
i'acific Coast Hardware and Metal \
Association and delegates who repre
sent the jobbing interests of the Pa
cific Coast will appear before the bu
reau in opposition to the representa
tives of Chicago and St. Louis hard
ware houses, and as the champions of
each side contend for supremacy the j
temperature is expected to raise far I
above the boiling point.
This question of an equal rate on
carload and less than carload ship
ments is one which not alone interests
.-md is of vitcl importance to the Job- j
bera and big wholesale men of San j
Francisco, but it touches almost every !
house of any importance on the whole
Pacific Coast, to whom such a discrim- j
ination in favor of Eastern houses j
would mean serious curtailment of |
business. Consequently the fight which ;
the local men will make to preserve |
their rights will be one to the bitter
end. The principal conduct of the ]
coming battle has been entrusted to
the traffic committee of the Pacific !
Coast Hardware and Metal Associa- i
tlon, which is composed of the follow- i
ing merchants representing the Jobbing \
interests of the State from San Diego :
to Seattle: Thomas Hannyman of
Portland, George Boole of Los Angeles,
and Frank L. Brown, W. K. Wheeler,
C. iiulfson and Charles H. Tay of San
Francisco.
This committee had been here since
• ■ »terday morning; but has as yet
no move of any kind, but has oc
i upied itself in reading and correcting
the proofs of a large number of printed
documents sent, down to it. and which
"ill, if circumstances make it neces
tjftry, be presented to the Freight Bu
lo-morrow in support of the local
de of the controversy. In addition to
ihi3 committee there are a number of
prominent merchants here who have
come from all parts of the State to
watch the battle, and to assist as far
as in their power the endeavors of the
\ar" and M<tal Association com
mittee. Discussing the question to
GAVE A MONGOL
CREDIT FOR TOO
MUCH HONESTY
Stocl^tor) Orchardist Permitted a
Servant to Sell His Crop and
Is Now Much the Wiser.
STOCKTON, March 22.— A. J. Turner of this city cannot be con
vinced that a Chinaman is not up to date on some shortcomings of peo
ple making more pretensions to civilization and integrity. This gentle
man is now mourning the loss of a Mongol steward named Wong, but
his distress is greater over JI4OO his supposedly meek and faithful serv
ant has taken across the water with him. Several years ago Wong
came to the big almond orchard owned by Turner, near Lodi. So meek,
bland and scrupulously honest was the Mongol that the orchardist, far
removed from scenes where Chinese tricks are best known, gave Wong
full rein — more than would ordinarily be accorded a white man in the
same position. So implicit was his trust in his faithful servant that
when he reaped his bic harvest of several tons of almonds last year he
commissioned the Mongolian to go to San Francisco with the crop, be
lieving that the Chinaman could make a better bargain and get more
for the nuts than he hin.self could.
Now this evidence of Turner's desire to buy gold bricks was made
three months ago. The days ran into weeks and months, and finally he
concluded he would not be doing Wong any injustice if a quiet inquiry
was made. It took some time to trace the Mongol's movements, but
one day recently a shock came when he found that the Chinaman had
sold the almonds at a profit of $1400 after all expenses were paid and
then skipped to China, taking with him the proceeds, presumably for
safe keeping.
It is presumed that Wong is doing well in China, where servants
come cheap and water rents are low. Turner makes the best of the
situation, but is a Dennis Kearneyite on the subject of Chinese.
day, a gentlemen who is thoroughly
conversant with its details said:
"This proposed equalization of rates
on carload and less than carload lots
is simply an endeavor on the part of
a couple of large Chicago and St. Louis
hardware houses to capture the entire
trade of the Pacific Coast by freezing
all the local louses out. It is not a
question of East and West, nor of
benefiting the small retailers by giving
them a chance. The St. Louis Freight
Bureau is simply another name for the
Simmons Hardware Company of St.
Louis.
"This company and Hibbard, Spencer
& Bartlett of Chicago are the only
firms that have sent representatives to
this meeting, and are, in fact, the only
firms endeavoring to upset the exist
ing order of things. Not only do these
houses wish the rates on carload and
less than carload lots made equal, but
they have the audacity to ask for a re
duction of rates to intermediate points,
which, together with the differentials
they are attempting to abolish, are
about the only protections Pacific
Coast houses have against their rapac
ity. To ask for a reduction of rates to
intermediate points is simply to ask
that the trade be taken away from the
coast and diverted to St. Louis and
Chicago."
Among those who arrived to-day are
T. H. Buck and Senator William John
son, representing the citrus fruit men,
Frank L. Brown of the Washburn
Moen Manufacturing Company and
secretary of the Pacific Coast Hard
ware and Metal Association. W. C. Mc-
Closky, assistant secretary of the same
association, Ralph Hoitt of Baker &
Hamilton, W. F. Boardman manufac
tures' agent, H. C. Breeden. represent
ing the Standard Oil Company, which
is interested in the rates on tin plate
through its shipments of that metal
in the form of cans: W. H. Snedaker,
general agent of the Rio Grande West
ern, and Cosmo Morgan, who repre
sents the grocery jobbers of Los An
geles. Many of the delegates are ac
companied by their wive? and daugh
ters, who are intensely interested in
the outcome and are bringing the
witchery of their charms to tear in or
der to assist their fathers and hus
bands.
WILL REWARD
HIS CABINET
President Dole Asks the Leg
islature to Increase Sala
ries of Ministers.
One Message Relates to the Visit
to This Country, but He Is Not
Very Enthusiastic.
Correspondence of The Call.
HONOLULU, March 15.— Since his re
turn from his American campaign Presi
dent Dole ha-s honored his faithful "Lords
and Commons," of fifteen in each branch,
elected by about 2000 votes out of 12.000,
with several messages. The first contains
; a recommendation, regarded by many in
the community as a reward for the $10,000
| voted to him for traveling expenses, in the
following words: "I recomend that the
salaries of Cabinet Ministers be raised to
a figure commensurate with their arduous
duties and responsibilities." They now
receive $4500 a year, but prior to the
Stevens-Wiltze-Dole revolution of 1893
they were paid $5000, and at one time $6000
a year. The President receives $6000. The
Legislature will probably grant the In
crease, for the Cabinet is composed of
hard-working men.
The second message relates to the Presi
dent's visit to Washington, and in it Mr.
Dole says very little of any novel interest,
and is not extremely enthusiastic in re
gard to his tour.
The United States cruiser Bennington
returned to port on the 10th, after a six
days' cruise, without having sighted the
derelict reported by Captain Calhoun of
the barkentine Archer. She cruised about
700 miles In the search, but such rough
seas were encountered throughout as
greatly discounted the chances of finding
it, especially as it was reported to lie
very low in the water.
The owners of the dismasted barken
tine Arago have agreed to pay the Wild
er Steamship Company $4000 salvage for
saving the vessel from a recent storm.
The Arago left this port several weeks
ago for San Francisco and was caught in
a heavy storm on the same day and dis
masted. She was picked up in the Molo
kai channel two days later by the steam
er Lehua and towed safely into port. It
was understood that the steamship com
pany would claim full salvage, amount
ing to about $30,000. but rather than go to
law about the matter it was agreed to
settle for $4000.
The British ship Western Monarch ar
rived from Liverpool on the 10th, 117 days
out. While rounding the liorn an ap
prentice boy was washed overboard and
lost.
Mrs. Mary Schmidt, wife of Senator H.
W. Schmidt, died to-day from the effects
of an operation performed for the pur
pose of removing a tumor. The deceased
was born in the Islands. She leaves seven
children.
San Luis Obispo Nominees.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, March 22.— A1l the
candidates for city offices have filed their
petitions. Three Councilmen are to be
elected and nine men are in the race.
They are: L. W. Booker, N. C. Brew, D.
M Garrison , William Mallagh, A. G. Pin
no E Vollmer, J. K. Tuley, William
Shipsey and S. C. Pauldlng. For Mar
shal—J W. Cook, G. A. Knapp, J. B.
I ewis M. K. de la Guerra and W. A.
Hampton. Clerk— C. F. Sammann. J. A.
Goodrich and F. E. Darke Jr. Treasurer
_A F Fitzperald. P. B. Prefumo, M. H.
Butcher and A. W. Steinhart.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take laxative Brorao Quln!n> Tablets. All
ArucKislß refund the money if It fails to cure
Xc Tfce genuine has L. B. Q. on each tablet
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 23, 1898.
PLEADING FOR
HILL'S LIFE
Delegation Visits the Gov
ernor to Ask for
Clemency.
Raises the Novel Point That
the Murderer Was
Poorly Defended.
Even His Counsel Admits That Inex
perience L-st the Case for
the Prisoner.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, March 22.— 1n the
Governor's office to-day a number of
persons were present in the interests of
Benjamin L. Hill, who is sentenced to
be hanged April 6 for the murder of his
wife, to listen to the hearing of the ap
plication for a commutation of the
death sentence now hanging over the
head of Hill. W. W. Foote, the veteran
criminal lawyer and the hero of many
a forensic battle, made the first appeal.
In the course of his remarks he said:
"Governor, my action in the matter
of the present appeal to you for execu
tive clemency in the case of Benjamin
Hill, condemned to death, is purely one
of charity. I do not come here em
ployed; I do not come to you in my ca
pacity as an attorney; but I come, sir,
because there are hundreds and hun
dreds of people in the city of Oakland,
where I reside with my family, who do
not believe that Benjamin Hill should
suffer the death penalty. My neigh
bors have asked me, and I come to you
in my private capacity, asking for this
commutation on the broad ground of
humanity."
Mr. Foote then presented the volu
minous documentary evidences of pub
lic sentiment, which included the
names of eleven of the Jurors, the trial
Judge, District Attorney, and many
people of prominence throughout the
State. In referring to Hill's trial, Mr.
Foote said, pointing to the young man
who defended him:
"I do not wish to offend my young
friend here; I do not wish to cast re
flections upon his ability, but I do say
that he may have lacked that experi
ence which is essential or he may have
been overze^ilous. The fact remains—
and your Excellency after reading the
testimony must know— that had Hill
been properly defended no such verdict
would ever have been rendered. Your
Excellency knows that had you tried
that case, or George Lamont here, or
myself, instead of this man having
been convicted of murder in the first
degree, without recommendation, he
would have been cleared under the evi
dence now shown in the record."
The young attorney himself was ap
pealed to, and responded that "No
doubt such would have been the re
sult."
It was a novel situation. When it
came to the appeal of the young man
himself. Governor Budd listened to him
attentively, and. if he can be Judged
by his looks, he too pitied the young
man, who was forced to admit that his
inexperience and youth had sent a man
with a good defense to the gallows.
George Lamont of Suisun also spoke,
and between them all a very complete
and exhaustive appeal was made. Gov
ernor Budd listened with profound at
tention, and from his questions it was
evident that he had read every word
of the testimony and every letter bear
ing upon the past life of Hill and every
petition praying for his commutation.
At the close of the hearing no Inti
mation was given, and until the Gov
ernor says the word the life of Benja
min L. Hill will hang in the balance.
HAD NO HUSBAND, BUT
SUED FOR A DIVORCE.
Mrs. Jacks of Stockton Learns That
• She Became a Grass Widow
Months Ago.
STOCKTON, March 22.— Mrs. Lizzie
i Jacks, a prepossessing woman of this city,
' has been a grass widow for six months,
while during all that time sh.j has been
suing her erstwhile husband for a di-
I vorce. Jacks is well known, and at one
i time was quite wealthy. He went East
i and failed to return, so Mrs. Jacks con
cluded the time had arrived to effect her
release from a galling matrimonial yoke
Accordingly, on March 3 she sued for a
divorce.
This week her attorney accidentally
I learned that her husband had sued for
, and obtained a divorce six months ago in
! Peoria, 111. Not until yesterday did Mrs
j Jacks learn she had been in the rnuch
i wanted state of grass-widowhood for
: months without her knowledge. Jacks is
'•■ now living in Peoria. As Mrs. Jacks has
I no husband, her divorce suit will probably
! be dismissed forthwith.
NEWSPAPER THIEVES.
A reward of $10 is offered for the
arrest and conviction of any person
caught stealing copies of this paper
from the doorr. of subscribers.
MAY CHOOSE
HONESTY OR
CORRUPTION
Issue Clearly Defined
for the Voters of
San Jose.
On One Side Reform; On
the Other Gang
Domination.
Rea and His Men Forced to
Make Their Fight in the
Open.
FACE CERTAIN DEFEAT.
Widespread Revolt Against the Ring
That Has Misgoverned the
City.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, March 22.— From now un
til the 11th of April there will be car
ried on in this city one of the most
determined and exciting campaigns
ever engaged in between the forces
that stand for good and economical
government and those which seek to
maintain boss rule with all its atten
dant evils to persons and to property.
With the naming by the boss of the
men to whom he will give his support
the issue has been clearly and unmis
takably announced. It is now known
as an incontrovertible fact that "Jim"
Rea and "Andy" McKenzie are the
men who are responsible for the can
didacy of the twenty-two men who
are masquerading under the Rea-in
spired designation of "business men's
ticket."
There is no man in this community
endowed with moral perception and
even ordinary intelligence who is not
ready to admit that the rule of the
gang has debauched public morals, has
been responsible for criminal extrava
gance in the conduct of public busi
ness, brought about an extortionate
tax rate, driven honest and incorrupt
ible men out of business, prevented
heavy investments in city real estate
and local enterprises, kept away home
seekers not only from the city but
from the entire fruitful section com
prised within the limits of Santa Clara
County — has, in fact, exercised a reign
of corruption and terror that has an
nually grown worse and worse.
The means by which this growing in
fluence has been acquired are of the
most insidious and nefarious charac
ter. Those whose aid was sought were
promised and in many instances given
light and remunerative political em
ployment or lucrative sinecures, or
profitable contracts were awarded
their friends and relatives. These
recompenses for political work were
paid with the extortionate taxes levied
upon the property-owner.
In cases where a man refused to be
come subservient to the boss and his
gang his ruin was sought in all kinds
of detestable ways. Vile and .glan
derous reports were clandestinely put
in circulation, he was placed under a
boycott and every measure taken to
prevent him gaining an honest liveli
hood in the community.
Thus, by corrupting the weaker and
terrorizing the stronger the gang was
enabled to continuously widen its in
fluence and strengthen its power.
Those whom it could neither corrupt
nor terrorize it ruined or sought to
ruin.
For nearly twenty years this state of
affairs has been maintained, and each
year has seen the tentacles of the cor
ruptionists reaching further and fur
ther, increasing in number and grow
ing in strength, until to-day nearly
every public office in the city of San
Jose and county of Santa Clara is
filled with a creature of the "gang."
Should the people in their revolt
against corruption and extravagance
elect here and there an honest man, he
is duped or coerced into filling the sub
ordinate positions in his office with
graduates of the Rea-Mackinzie school
of practical politics.
It is the bosses and members of this
corrupt ring who are responsible for
the men on the "Business Men's
Ticket."
While the taxpayers are fully aware
of the pernicious methods of the gang
it always in the past has been a mat
ter of impossibilty 10 discover the
gang's brand on the candidates aspir
ing to office. The nominations were
made by the party conventions and the
complicated method by which such se
lections were made served to delude
the voters as to who was behind the
respective candidates. This year no
such delusion exists. Made bold by
past success the boss showed his hand
in this campaign in such an audacious
manner that the veriest novice can dis
cern the strings radiating from his per
son to each and every candidate on the
"Business Men's Ticket."
The present revolt against bossism
and corruption Is too widespread and
determined. In the past there have
been spasmodic efforts to depose the
gang, but nc ing approaching the
magnitude and strength of the pres
ent movement was ever attained. So
great has bee the success of the re
form campaign up to this writing, that
the boss has felt compelled to take the
field himself. He is one of the most
active of the gang canvassers.
With the elr on of the New Charter
Club candidates to office will dawn a
new era for San Jose. Taxes wll] be the
lowest commensurate with good and
economical government, every honest
man will have an equal chance to earn
a living, every business man and con
tractor will be "iven a fair opportunity
to furnish supplies, materials and labor
for public needs, every honest claim
will be paid promptly, no dishonest
claim will be allowed, no scandals will
be possible in connection with public
affairs, capital will seek investment,
home-seekers will be attracted, and
every kind of business and enterprise
will receive a stimulus that will bring
about a veritable boom. Last, but not
least, San Jose will achieve a reputa- !
tion as a well-governed city that will I
be a source o r pride to every resident
within her confines, and be the proud
boast of every San Josean who has oc
casion to go a" road.
The city campaign was formally opened
to-night by a large and enthusiastic
meeting under the auspices of the New
Charter Club, in a large tent at Ninth
and Reed streets. Sanford E. Smith
the candidate for Mayor, presided, ad
dresses were delivered by the following
candidates: J. P. Jarman, S. E. Smith, !
W. E. Orossman, J. P. Southeimer, I
Adam Rhiel, Louis Argues, S. G. Lomp- '
kins, D. M. Burnett, W. G. Alexander
and J. R. Lewis.
RING & BAKER. 1302 Market street,
sell "STANDARD" shirts. •
WORK AT
SAN PEDRO
OBSTRUCTED
The Appropriation Is
Evidently Again
in Danger.
CollisP. Huntington's Fine
Hand Manifest at
the Capital.
Sub-Committee of the Senate
Shows a Disposition to Hold
Up the Matter.
PERKINS TALKS PLAINLY.
Declares There Will Be a Hot Fight
if the Hou=e Provision Is
Stricken Out.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, March 22.
The appropriation for San Pedro
harbor is in danger again. It appears
that C. P. Huntington when here a
week ago got in some fine work on the
Senate side, and now it transpires that
the Appropriations Committee of that
body is disinclined to include in the
! sundry civil bill the appropriation as
| passed by the House. The matter has
j not yet been considered by the full Sen
ate committee of eleven members but
it seems that the sub-committee, con
; sisting of Senators Allison, Hale, Quay,
Gorman and CockereU. is hesitating
and is in correspondence with Secretary
Alger about the matter.
Senator Perkins heard to-day that
the subcommittee was inclined to
' strike out the San Pedro item. He
J went to the individual members of the
' committee and protested vigorously
i against such action, especially in the
j absence of Senator White, who is par
ticularly interested in the harbor pro
i ject.
The excuse of the sub-committee
i for the action is that a harbor of ref
j uge and commerce cannot be con
; structed for the amount fixed as the
i limit of cost. Senator Perkins told the
: committee plainly that if the appropri
! ation was not included he would be
j compelled to make a fight on the floor
jof the Senate and would explain to
j that body that the Secretary of War
I had already advertised for contracts
I and that bids showed that Heldemeier
I & New of Chicago were the lowest bid
: ders and that there was no reason why
i the contract should not be awarded
i and the money appropriated to begin
I the work in accordance with the
I statute.
It is probable that the California del-
I egation having failed in the effort to
induce the Appropriations Committee
to provide for the improvement of the
Sacramento and San Joaquin rivers in
the sundry civil bill, will abandon their
efforts to authorize the work to be com
menced under the appropriation made
by the State of California. The Leg
islature appropriated a half-million dol
lars to be available when Congress
should provide a like amount, and at
first the delegation decided to try to se
cure a provision authorizing this money
to be expended by the Government en
gineers. But Senator Perkins has con
cluded that it would be much better to
wait until next session, when Congress
may appropriate a sum equal to the
appropriation by the California Legis
lature. He believes that the Controller
of California might refuse to allow the
money furnished by the State to be ex
pended until Congress appropriated its
share.
"At any rate," said he to The Call
correspondent to-night, "when the Leg
islature appropriated the monc- it did
so with the expectation that Congress
I would provide an equal amount, and it
would be taking an unfair advantage
of the State to spend its money when
Congress has not made any appropria
tion. Ido not believe the people of Cal
ifornia would sanction this."
Wheelock G. Veazey Dead.
WASHINGTON, March 22.— Wheelock
G. Veazey of Vermont, formerly a mem
ber of the Interstate Commerce Commis
sion, died here at 8 o'clock to-night. Mr.
Veasey resigned from the commission
about a year ago, on account of failing
health.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JAn Honest Offer
i to Men Only!
To Men Who Suffer From the
Effects of Past Mistakes— Whose
I Vitality Is Gradually Wasting-
f To Those Particularly Who
Have Dru^ed in Vain-This Is a
I have nothing to give free — nobody gives value for nothing— but I
■want to prove to every honest man that my Electric Belt, known and
praised in every hamlet in the land, does cure and has cured in thou-
sands of cases this weakening drain upon young men. There have been
published in my book, in the daily papers and by other means over 5000
voluntary statements from men who have told of their cures of this
wasting weakness by my Belt. OVER 5000!
I WILL PAY $1000 IN GOLD
To the man or woman who will disprove one of those 5000 and odd testi-
monials. I have the original letters or the signed statements of each
man on file, and will be glad to show them to any honest seeker for
truth.
It Is an Electric Life-Giver.
This wonderful Belt of mine pours energy into the weakened parts
during the night, while the patient sleeps, developing the nerves and
muscles and restoring the old vigor, the snap and power of man.
Read the Book, "Three Classes of Men."
It is free, sealed, by mail. It is full of these grateful letters. Send
or call for it. Free test of the Be It at the office. Call or direct
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
Office hours, 8 a. m. to 8 p. m. ; Sundays, 10 to 1. Branches at Los An-
eeles Cal 204V2 South Broadway; Portland. Or.. 253 "Washington street; Den-
ver, Colo.', 931 Sixteenth street; Dallas, Tex., 285 Main street.
NOTE— Make no mistake in the number— 632 MARKET STREET.
THIRST TRIPS
A CONSTABLE
Selma Officer Given the
Slip by a Clever
Crook.
Accepts an Invitation to Imbibe
Beer and Regrets It
Now.
His Prisoner Effects an Escape
Through the Back Door or
a Saloon.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, March 22.— Constable Zim
merman started this afternoon from
Selma with William Ross, a pugilist,
who was arrested on a charge of rob
bery. When the < leer and his pris
oner reached town the latter developed
a remarkable thirst, and also a burst
of generosity overcame him, and he
asked the Constable to join him in a
drink. The Constable accepted the in
vitation, and the two went to the Com
mercial bar on Mariposa street. Ross
called for beer, and while the bartender
was drawing it, Zimmerman went to
the door to look out. No sooner had
his back been turned than Ross darted
through the saloon and made his es
cape out the back v. \ .
Zimmerman, who had stepped out
side, returned in a moment. When he
came back he saw the untouched beer
on the bar, and regarded that as an
ominous circumstance. He looked
around for the prisoner, but the pugi
list had gone. Zimmerman searched the
back rooms, "jut Ross did not tarry
where he could be caught conveniently.
The Constable hastened to notify the
local officers, and to-night all the po
licemen and Constables were on the
watch for the prizt-flphter.
Ross was arrested this morning.
Deputy District Attorney Williams in
vestigated the report of a robbery
which Ross paid he had committed and
sworn out against him. He is accused
of having knocked down an old man
named James Smythe in Anton Jo
sephs' saloon last November and taken
all the money he had. Williams found
two eye-witnesses to the robbery and
the case against Ross is a very plain
one. Pmythe could not be found, as he
disappeared from Pelma shortly after
ward, and that is the reason the com
plaint was not made sooner.
Ross was arrested on the charge and
held for his preliminary examination
under $2000 bonds. He was not able to
give security, and the constable started
to bring him to the County Jail.
LIVES WITH HIS
SKULL CLEFT
Quarrelsome Shasta County
Miner Struck on the Head
"With an Ax.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING, March 22.— Martin Donnel
lan. alias Mart Downey, but probably
better known as "Miiidoon, the terror of
Iron Mountain." was cut in the head with
an ax in a street row at Iron Mountain
yesterday afternoon and will probably
die. His assailant was a man called "Red
Mike."
From the meager particulars obtainable
it appears that Muldoon got into trouble
with an employe at the Mountain Copper
Company's quarry and when the quarry
man came into town the quarrel was re
newed. "Red Mike" got hold of an ax
and with a rapid swing landed a blow on
Muldoon's head, splitting the skull and
exposing the brain.
Muldoon is a man of marvelous phy
sique and it is said he tied a rag about
the gaping wound and walked to Kes
wick. a distance of six miles. Eugene
Hawkins a stage driver, saw him trudg
ing beside the road with blood streaming
over his clothes, but did not know he had
been cut with an ax. When Muldoon
arrived at Keswick his friends took him
to a cabin in the outskirts of town, where
he is receiving medical attendance.
Donnellan dresses well and appears to
better advantage than most laboring men.
He is a well-spoken man and a faithful
worker. He has been employed by the
Mountain Copper Company for over a
year as shoveler in the Iron Mountain
mine. It was his duty to assist in shovel
ing ore into the cars, and it is said by
men under whose supervision he worked
that he could do as much work as two
ordinary men. He was of a very even
temperament except when under the in
fluence of liquor.
ADVERTISEMES> TS.
SIMPLICITY ITSELF.
A SIMPLE, HARMLESS REMEDY.
Yet It Cures the Worst Cases of Dyspepsia
and Indigestion.
Dr. Jennison, who has made a life
study of stomach troubles, says: All
fcjrms of indigestion really amount to
the same thing, that is, failure to com-
pletely digest the food eaten; no mat-
ter whether the trouble is acid dyspep-
sia or sou: stomach, belching of wind,
nervous dyspepsia or loss of flesh and
appetite; a person will not have any of
them if the stomach can be induced
by any natural, harmless way to thor-
ov -hly digest what is eaten, and this
can be done by a simple remedy which
I have tested in hundreds of aggra-
vated cases with complete success. The
remedy is a combination of fruit and
vegetable essences, pure aseptic pep-
sin and golden seal pu up in the form
of pleasant tasting tablets and sold by
druggists under the name of Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets. One or two of these
tablets 3hould be taken after meals and
allowed to dissolve in the mouth and
mingling with the food in the stomach,
digests it completely before it has time
to ferment, decay and sour.
On actual experiment one grain of
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets will digest
three thousand grains of meat, eggs
and similar wholesome foods.
It is safe to say if this wholesome
remedy was better known by people
generally it would be a national bless-
ing, as we are a nation of dyspeptics,
and nine-tenths of all diseases owe
their origin to imperfect digestion and
nutrition.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are not a
secret patent medicine, but a fifty cent
package will do more real good for a
weak stomach than fifty dollars* worth
of patent medicines, and a person has
the satisfaction of knowing just what
he is putting into his stomach, whiclx
he does not know when widely adver-
tised patent medicines are used.
All druggists sell Stuart's Dyspppsia
Tablets, full size packages, 50 cents.
A little book on cause and cure of
stomach troubles mailed free by ad-
dressing The Stuart 'Co., Marshall.
Mich.
THE PRICE OF
CROWN FLOUR
HAS THIS DAY BEEN ADVANCED
20c PER BARREL.
San Francisco. March 22, ISSB.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
STAHDARiTmffIE;
STANDARD MARINE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF LIVERPOOL, ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1597, and for the '
year ending on that day, as made to the Insur-
ance Commissioner of the State of California,
pursuant to the provisions of sections 610 and
611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid -up
in cash , ....$ 600,000 00,
ASSETS.
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 1,276,279 00
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds, stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 8,000 00
Cash in banks 113,856 00
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 13,212 00-
Premiums in due course of collec-
tion 190,840 00
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for fire and marine ri5k5............ ' 4,593 00
Policy stamps on hand 1,254 00
Total assets.. $1,608,034 00
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid, losses
in process of adjustment or in sus-
pense, losses resisted, including
expenses • * 154,575 00
Gross premiums on marine and in-
land navigation risks, gross prem-
iums on marine time risks 154,395 00'
All other demands against the com-
pany 93,479 00.
Total liabilities $ 402,449 00
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for ma-
rine premiums... $ 559,32100
Received for interest and dividends
■ on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources . 84.463 00
Total Income $ 593,734 00
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for marine losses.. 453.13S 00
Dividends to stockholders 60,000 00.
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc : 38,309 24
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 7,363 78
All other payments and expenditures 6.032 00
Total expenditures $ 554.543 00
Marine losses incurred during tha
year ••• 498,760 00
Marine Prem-
Risks and Premiums. Risks. turns.
Net amount of risks writ- I
ten during the year $102,269,140 $531,231 00
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year 101,698,855 511,606 00
Net amount in force De- ....
cember 31, 1897 9.436,465 154,395 00
"™ 'J. WILLIAMSON. President.
JOHN GICK, Secretary. .• , '
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 25th
day of February, 1898. "W. J. SULI9,
United States Vice-Consul at Liverpool. .
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.,
General Agents.
J. B. F. DAVIS & SON, -: ; ;"
Managers.
3OS Sarisome Street, S. F».
TELEPHONE MAIN 5968.
Pf'hti-beati-r'* EnjrUak Dlaatond BraxL
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-G»~X Orla^nal and Only Genuine. A.
£> 1 C i£S«y Druggist tor OUchvtrr'i Xnglttk <D(a-/fl\\ 1
< 4is^3Q!«V"'<md l Brand in Bed and Gold metallie\\*7
■X — T>«OZboxeK, « al< * l with bluo ribbon. Take VBr
1W KOJbo other. Refutt dangrrov* tub4titw V
. I"! ■"=•'" fkftion) and imitation: At Druggist!, or •eud4«. •
I t» -Jr In st-.nipj for particulars, testimonial' an*
\ **> . i M " Relief for I. ad let," m I'tur , by mtnra -
A Kr Mull. 10,000 Tf stimoDlali. Ifaete Super.
"» <— Acklche»t*TChcmlcalCo.,Mßtll»«Br»j»«Mn^
4kdferaUl>oc«lDrarrl«t«. i"H 11. V V A., I'^
DR.MCNLTLTY:
WELL-KNOWN AND RKLIABLE OL1» '
L pet- la I iRt cure* I'rlvate.Nervous, Blood and Skin -
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over "
20 years' experience. Send for Book, free. Patients,
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours, 0 to 3
dally;6:3o toB.3ocv'KS. Sjndays, 10 to ri Consulta-
tion free and sacredly confidential. Call or address
i». ROM'OE 9lcXiri.Tr, M- »..
26« Uraniv Street. San Francisco. *"aL
The purs essential extract from the native drupf. Con.
tains all the valuable medicinal properties of Or<'int|
without ?ts hoxioua elements, s No sickness cf ston;mli{!
no Tomlt jig ; no costlvenegs , no headache. All Drupel -ra»'
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEAKNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated, r KING. WARD &
CO. European - plan. Rooms 60c to $1 50day.
$5 to IS week, $8 to $30 : month. Free baths;
hot and cold water every room; fire grates la
every room : elevator runs all night.
.:, ... .. .- , T . ! ~ ' " . - ■. ' ...-.-• .-. .1
jwo i 2 ib? " w[ SjC* ilTil 81 k> flfe si rt 1 1 ttt
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. J. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC 1
OQO; MARKET ST.. , OPP. FA-LALfI
DOO Hotel. Telepbon* 670. r Realdenc* Mi
Valencia street. Telephon*. "Church" Ik. •
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIA.NA : BITTERS, • TOEi'
great Mexican Remedy;, gives health ao4
■trensth to the sexual oreana.
56
WEDNESDAY MARCH 23, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F-
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week. By mall $6 per year; per montrj
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL. ... year, by mall, $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
Eastern Representative, DAVID ALLEN.
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rifefis House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S2T Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clocK- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2£91 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second and
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS
Baldwin— " Mysterious Mr. Bugle."
Columbia— "H92 "
Alcazar— "Unc.e Dudley-"'
Woro6co's— "The Upper Hand."
Tivoll— Widow O'Brien."
Tlvoll— Concert Thursday afternoon. March 2*.
Orpheum— Vaudeville. f
. . Metropolitan Temple— Violin; Recital, Friday even-
ing and Saturday afternoon.
4 The Chutes- The Zoo, Vaudeville and Lion Hunt.
. Olympia, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Special Excursion to San Jose and the Santa Clara Valley.
Saturday. March 26.
Paclflo Coast Jockey Club. Ingleside Track—
AUCTION SALES.
By Frank W. Butterfield— Thursday, March 11. Furniture, at
IS Stockton street, at 11 o'clock.
By Sullivan & Doyle— Saturday. March 26, Busies. Wagons
etc.. at 322 Mlsblcn street, at 11 o'clock.
By M. Germain— Tuesday. March 29, Hardware, at 1011 Broad-
way, Oakland, at 11 o clock.
CHANCE FOR A FIGHT.
DR. GEORGE POWELL of Wisconsin has in
dicated a pleasant willingness to fight Baron
El Cardo. The Baron will be recognized as
the gentleman who wants to fight Senator Mason of
Illinois. It seems that he has not been edified by
some of the remarks made by Mason; in fact his
Spanish blood is boiling, and for the purpose of re
ducing himself to a comfortable temperature he wants
to shed some American gore. It would seem that
Senator Mason is too busy to be killed just now.
In fact there is nothing which so interferes with the
usefulness of a statesman as to be killed. After Alex
ander Hamilton had been killed he ceased to be ac
tively useful, and yet it must be admitted that a dead
Hamilton was worth all the Masons who could be
packed into Cook County.
But if the Baron really wants to fight here is his
chance. Dr. Powell, who would rather fight than
eat, wants to take Mason's place. He is not in active
public life, so he could stalk upon the field of honor
•without paralyzing the nation. He could pick off a
Baron or two and the Mason speeches and the Mason
style of jest go right on. The doctor has slain so
many people that a Baron more or less would not
trouble him in the least. It is to be hoped that the
Baron will accept. He could thus vindicate the
honor of his country and afford the worthy doctor a
little amusement, and cause an appreciative grin to
spread over the face of a nation now somewhat in
clined to be pessimistic.
SUPPRESSING THE POOL-SELLERS.
BY stationing officers at poolrooms known to be
frequented by women the police officials have
done much already to break up that phase of
the gambling evil, and by making arrests of several
persons for buying or selling pools they have given
evidence of a determined resolution to suppress the
trade altogether. It looks, therefore, as if a victory
for the law is in sight and that enough will be accom
plished to either drive the pool-sellers out of their
unlawful business or else compel them to carry it on
so secretly that it will be no longer a public entice
ment to the unwary and an open temptation to boys
and women.
One of the most satisfactory features of the situa
tion is the fact that a jury on Monday returned a ver
dict of guilty against an offender charged with vio
lating the poolroom ordinance. It has been pointed
out in The Call by police officers, the Police Com
missioners and by prosecuting attorneys that the im
munity so long enjoyed by the pool-sellers was due to
the fact that juries would not convict them. Arrest
after arrest has been made, but no convictions fol
lowed. The verdict in a case of the kind on Monday
is therefore distinctly encouraging. It leads to the
celief that popular sentiment on this subject has
changed, and that from this time on the efforts of
the police and the courts to put an end to the evil will
be sustained by juries before whom the offenders are
tried.
The Call can justly take to itself some credit for the
share it has had in bringing about this change in pub
lic opinion. The full extent of the evil of the pool
rooms was not known to the great mass of the people
until The Call exposed it. Juries were willing out of
good nature to tolerate a violation of the law so long
as they supposed that violation went no further than
to sell pools to grown men, but when it was made
known that young men, hardly more than boys, fre
quent such resorts, that schoolboys played the races
and that the number of women started on the road to
ruin by the gambling mania are so numerous that
several poolrooms are maintained in the city simply
for their accommodation, even the most indifferent
citizen perceives that it is time to stop the trade.
One conviction having been obtained, there is hope
for more. The police should strike often and strike
hard while popular sentiment is aroused against the
wrong. The outlook for a thorough enforcement of
the law is better than ever before, and if advantage
can be taken of the new spirit among jurymen to
drive the evil out of the city at this emergency it may
be possible by vigilance to keep it out altogether and
prevent its return at any time.
Spain's threat to appeal to the powers fails to set
a shiver of apprehension afloat. So far as may be
judged by current reports the powers have troubles
already, most of them being in the peculiar condition
of having bitten off more than can be readily mas
ticated.
Of course the report of the Maine board of in
quiry is known to all the yellow papers, and it is only
that the President neglects to subscribe for them that
he is for the present left in the dark.
A Circuit Judge at St. Louis has decided that there
U no libel in telling the truth, which is good sense
and good law, a rare and happy combination.
CALIFORNIA'S SEMI-CENTENNIAL.
THE Eastern States and communities make fre
quent occasion to bring their people together
in a spirit of historical review. The States of
the Middle West have interstate associations of pio
neers. Those who have served in the legislative
office in the formative period have pioneer law
makers' associations. On all of these occasions good
citizenship and civic pride and spirit aie encouraged
and a right public opinion is propagated. Patriotism
is refreshed by the various army associations, formed
of those who were fellows in the corps and divisions
that bore high part in gallant actions at arms in the
Civil War. In these all the courage and sacrifice
shown on both sides in that struggle are coming to
be credited to the general American character for
valor and willingness to fight that an idea may be
concreted into Government polity.
These examples teach and exhort California. They
move us to unity of mind and action and remind us
that personal gain is not always to be sought by
isolated and selfish personal action. There is gain for
every one in a right public spirit which all must pro
mote.
The proper and comprehensive celebration of our
semi-centennial will be a new point of departure far
this State and her neighboring sisters.
The time in which it is to be accomplished is not as
important as its accomplishment. If inaugurated in
1900 and completed in the ensuing year it will fulfill
historical accuracy and emphasize the past and future.
So far it has been discussed in a spirit in which petty
jealousy and rivalry have no part. We are sure that
no one wishes to monopolize the credit of suggestion.
Such matters are well left to the facts. The sole
credit, to be hereafter entered, is to be measured to
those who did the most to plan, to promote and to
make successful a movement involving the good
of all.
No fact is more imposing than the growth of this
form in which modern civilization has chosen to ex
press itself. The first world's fair at London was a
world's surprise, though in fact it but little exceeded,
in variety of features and in interest, our Midwinter
Fair in San Francisco. Its suggestion, however, was
permanent. Out of its profits the South Kensington
Museum was established, and in that marvelous and
forever growing collection of every object of human
interest in science, art and nature the world enjoys
the pleasure and the benefit, which are a constant
radiance from the first effort of civilization to mass in
competitive exhibit what man has wrought.
In a positively utilitarian age no one has ques
tioned the utility of these great expositions. They
have in one place opened markets and at a distance
have fertilized production to supply them, and the
arts of preparation and transportation have been
spurred and the genius of man has been awakened.
People and nations ripen into the best form of
effort by these exhibitions. The conservation and
economy of force is taught. Those economics of life
and effort which mean the wider and more constant
comfort of existence are made matters of common
knowledge and add to common profit. Every toil
ing hand increases its capital of skill, every hungry
mouth adds to its ration, health and shelter are bet
tered and the interchange of experience and methods
raises all humanity to a higher level.
Not every one can go to Paris for these lessons.
Our State will be there in all its iridescent splendor.
We will take our place among the teachers. But in
our own semi-centennial all of our people will be
among the taught. The world will be here to repay
its debt, and we will receive our dues in a spirit of
absorption and with a feeling of consecration that we
may apply the far brought knowledge and add to its
stock.
One may not measure the profits by the balance be
tween the income and outgo. But that such balance
will be on the right side of the ledger there is no
room for doubt. Its future investment will invoke
the wisest action. It will no doubt go into some per
manent and growing form which will project the
teaching function of the exhibition far into the future
and will gather the increasing means of knowledge
into an enduring object lesson which continually will
teach all men the ability of this sunlit region to add
its full share to the learning and comfort of mankind.
METHODS OF OCHERITES.
THE evil effect of introducing the methods of
yellow journalism into the administration of the
law was powerfully illustrated in the case of
Clark, the St. Helena murderer. A confession was
extorted from Clark by the confession editor of a
local yellow sheet upon the representation that un
less he made a clean breast of his crime he would be
hanged within sixty days. An attempt to get this
confession in evidence at the trial in Napa was
thwarted by Clark's attorney, who raised the point
that such a document obtained by duress was in
competent to prove any fact stated in it. The ruling
of the trial Judge was in accordance with the well
known legal principle that extorted evidence cannot
be used against persons accused of crime for the rea
son that if it could be so used innocent men might
be convicted through their own fears.
Serious people who contemplated the possible re
sults of yellow interference in the Clark case may well
ask themselves where the efforts of the "new" jour
nalism to secure sensations are going to end. There
is no longer any attempt on the part of these sheets
to tell the truth, nor in their literary peregrinations
do they confine themselves to gossip and small talk.
They prevaricate about important as well as about
trivial things. They misrepresent the report of the
court of inquiry on the Maine explosion with the
same gusto that they charge a prize-fighter with
faking a boxing match. We may conceive without
stretching the imagination that for the purpose of
selling a few papers they would regard sending an
innocent man to the gallows as a journalistic
triumph.
Of one thing, however, there cannot be much
doubt. The courts and the Government will soon be
compelled to put yellow journalism in the stocks.
Aside from any influence which is 01 may be exerted
by it upon the public mind, it cannot be much longer
permitted to interfere with the course or justice or the
functions of Government. The Clark case shows that
it is dangerous to permit the confession editor of a
local ocherite to even see a man accused of crime.
The proceedings against Attorneys Mclntosh and
Haymond show that the mere presence at large of the
confession editor operates as an instrument for clear
ing murderers. Unless some reform can be enforced
in the methods of the yellow sheets it will be proper
for the Judges, the moment a murder is committed
or a war vessel is blown up, to order all the yellow
editors into custody. In this way only will murder
and war be prevented.
For a nation which has no money and no credit
Spain seems to be doing very well in the matter of
purchasing anything she happens to need.
While the effort to suppress the poolrooms
haunted by women is well enough, the other sort de
serve suppression too.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 23, 1893.
THE RELIEF BILL AT LOST.
THE neglect to provide relief for the victims of
the Maine disaster with a promptness equal to
that with which it voted $50,000,000 for war
preparations led to the fear in some quarters that
Congress had adopted for its motto in the emer
gency, "Millions for defense, but not one cent for
relief." That fear has now been dispelled. A relief
bill has been passed by the House, and there is no
doubt but the Senate will adopt it without delay.
The bill passed the House without division, but not
without debate. To a considerable number of Repre
sentatives it did not seem altogether adequate to the
needs of the occasion. It provides, among other
things, that the surviving officers and men of the
Maine shall be reimbursed for their losses to an amount
not exceeding one year's pay. Ihis feature of the
measure was objected to. It was held that the relief
should amount either to one year's pay whether the
losses had equaled that sum or not, or else that it
should reimburse all the losses whether they were or
were not in excess of one year's pay. The objectors,
however, were overruled and the bill passed as re
ported.
The debate was marked by an incident which illus
trates how completely at this time the House is under
the domination of patriotic sentiment. There had
been a sharp controversy between Cannon and
Boutelle over the clause of the bill to which refer
ence has been made, and the speakers who followed
them for some time espoused one side or the other of
that issue. Then Cousins of lowa, one of the spell
binders of the House, rose and, without debating the
question either way or even alluding to it, burst
forth in a splendid euJogium on the American sailor
and paid a glowing tribute to the memory of the
heroic dead of the Maine. This revived the war
feeling of the House, and without continuing the dis
cussion over the amount of relief to be granted the
bill was taken up and passed without a dissenting
voice.
It may be that the measure of relief granted is not
as full as many ardent patriots and generous citizens
would have desired, but it was better to pass the bill
as it stood than it would have been to wrangle over
it and delay its passage. The people themselves by
subscriptions collected in San Francisco and in most
of the other cities of the Union have helped to pro
vide for the relief of the sufferers and their families.
All that was asked of Congress was a degree of relief
that would demonstrate the gratitude of the republic
and evince its care for the heroic men who serve
under its flag. That much has been accomplished,
and the only regret is that it was not done more
promptly in order that it might have been more ef
fective and impressive.
IMPORTANT WOR MEASURE.
NOW that Congress is in a mood sufficiently ele
vated and patriotic to deal with large questions
of national defense and national prestige in a
worthy way it is to be hoped it will not overlook the
importance of the Nicaragua canal bill as a war
measure. The sum of $50,000,000 expended for war
ships and emergency defenses was excellent in itself
and no voice of objection to it has been raised in any
part of the Union, but this country will never be
fully equipped to fight even with Spain until it has a
means by which its Pacific and its Atlantic fleets can
be enabled to operate together with promptness, if
any occasion requires it.
Congress in the past has hesitated to take definite
steps to bring about the construction of the canal be
cause of the probable enormous cost it would entail,
and large numbers of people have shared this view of
Congressmen on the subject. The estimated cost of
$100,000,000 has been held np time and again as an
insuperable obstacle to action. In the face of that
sum the nation has waited year after year without
doing anything 'further than sending out a commis
sion every now and then to make a new survey of the
route and a new estimate of expenditure.
The sum of $100,000,000 is just now as big a sum
as ever it was, but in the light of a vote of $50,000,000
to buy ships and munitions of war which will soon
wear out and be of no permanent value the estimated
cost of the canal does not seem so great as it did.
As a war measure we could hardly expend $100,000,
000 to better advantage than in constructing the
canal. It would enable us to exert our full naval
force with comparative rapidity on either side of the
continent we chose, and that fact alone would be
\vorth to us more than all the ships we have bought
or are going to buy with the emergency appropria
tion.
To save his navy from the voyage around Denmark
the Kaiser of Germany brought about the construc
tion of the canal connecting the Baltic with the
ocean, the French are planning at this time a canal
that will enable their fleets to pass from the Mediter
ranean to the ocean without going around Spain,
and the Czar is planning a canal by which his ships
can be transported from the Baltic to the Black Sea
without having to sail around all Western Europe.
These are all of them war measures that will serve
in time of peace to sustain themselves. Moreover,
they are measures which will improve with age and
not diminish. They add to the permanent strength
of the nation. It seems, therefore, to be an indis
putable proposition that if the United States as a
war measure can afford to expend $50,000,000 for
emergency defense it could easily afford to vote $100,
000,000 for the Nicaragua canal as a war measure for
defense for all time to come.
The Havana editor who says the correspondents
there may cause Americans to become food for can
non is perhaps not so far wrong. A hungry cannon
with a fair chance at some of the American corres
pondents who have been lying at space rates would
have a wonderful control of its appetite if it failed to
gobble a few of them.
Here and there is still a supporter of the theory that
the Maine was blown up from the inside. "Sup
posing the accident had taken place in an English
harbor," says one of these, "who would have sus
pected treachery?" Nobody in the world. But it did
not occur in an English harbor.
Now that authentic information has been received
that Black Jack's gang of cut-throats has been ex
terminated, the gang may be expected to pile up the
bloodiest achievements of all its career. The "ex
terminated" desperado is always a terror.
The original of Little Lord Fauntleroy is now 22
years of age and much concerned because his father
and mother are to separate. It would have been less
disagreeable to him, perhaps, if they had taken this
step about twenty-three years ago.
In case of war between the United States and Spain
it is rumored that Japan will seize the Philippine
Islands. Perhaps there will be no objection to this,
but Japan must let Goat Island alone.
We learn from an evening paper, that ever ready
source of information, that negotiations between
Spain and Cuba have proven a "flat failure," This is
even worse than we had anticipated.
TO THE KLONDIKE BY BALLOON.
AN expedition under the direction of
M. Varicle, as mechanical engineer
and experienced aerial traveler, Is
about starting from France for the
United States to inaugurate a system of
quick transportation between the Alaskan
sea coast and the Klondike district, the
intention being primarily to carry speedy
relief to the hungry people at Dawson.
The party sails from Havre for New
York, whence they will proceed by way
of San Francisco to Juneau, Alaska,
which has been selected as a base-of op
erations.
The expedition is provided with a num-
ber of balloons or aerostats of M. Vari
cle's own designing, after the plan of the
one shown above, the "Alaska," which is
to be the pilot of the aerial fleet proposed
to be launched forth on the venturesome
journey. M. Varicle has for many years
been an ardent student of aeronautics,
and has made a number of successful
trips tnrough the clouds. Lately, by
means of a contrivance of his own. he
has been enabled to go from one given
point to another hundreds of miles dis
tant against unfavorable winds. On one
trip from Paris to Dieppe, France, ISO
miles, the wind was from the northwest
during the whole time, yet he made the
goal without much mishap or much de
lay On another journey from Paris to
Hamburg last year his machine was in
COLLECTED 3N
THE CORRIDORS.
G Pellissler of Paris is at the Palace.
F. M. Shaw of Denver Is at the Occi
dental. . . ..
F. W. Kending of San Jose is at the
Baldwin.
H. Hoover, an attorney of San Jose, is
at the Lick.
T. N. Brooks of Seattle is stopping at
the Baldwin.
H. H. Kingsbury of London is a guest
at the Palace.
Miss Mobbatt from New Haven is at
the California.
George H. Appel of Louisiana is a guest
at the California.
Margerete Gefferk of Berlin Germany,
is at the Baldwin.
Attorney A. H. Ashley from Stockton
is a guest at the Lick.
F. Gillmore and wife of London are
registered at the Palace.
L. F. Leebhardt and Miss Leebhardt of
Denver are at the Palace.
O F. Bergman, a journalist of the
Garden City, is at the Russ.
A. B. Cunningham and wife of Phila
delphia are at the Occidental.
Lieutenant Leon de Wladimir of St.
Petersburg, Russia, is at the' Grand.
H. L. Owens, a well-known journalist
of Fresno, can be found at the Russ.
Judge E V. Spencer of Susanville is in
the city and stopping at the Russ House.
Lieutenant A. ** Broadbent of the
revenue cutter U. S. Grant is at the Ocr
cidental.
Dr O H. Simons from Redding has
arrived for a few days' stay, and can be
found at the Grand.
S. Rummulsburg, a merchant of Red
ding, has ornamented the register at the
Grand by inscribing his name.
H Silbersteln, a prosperous storekeeper
of Chico, has made the Baldwin his stop
ping place during his stay here.
William O. Young has made the Bald
win his temporary home on his re
turn to civilization from Dawson City.
Charles M. *Wilkins, prominently con
nected with an electrical supply house of
Philadelphia, is staying at the Baldwin.
V. Brignola, a wealthy mining man and
prosperous merchant of Sutter Creek, is
in the city on business, and has made
the Grand his headquarters.
C. P. Vicini. merchant and mine-owner
of Redding, has accompanied his friend
and neighbor, V. Brignola, to the city.
Both have registered at the Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. F. T. Neff of Marseilles,
111., who came to California to spend the
winter, have left the south and registered
at the California, homeward bound.
Mrs. L. P- Sage, widow of the late L.
P. Sage, original owner of Congress
Springs, is making a short visit to the
city. She is domiciled at the Lick House.
H. Schaffer nas turned over the keys of
his room to mine host Holland of the
Commercial Hotel and accompanied Path
iinder Dinsmore to the Dawson gold fields.
Arthur Johnson, accompanied by his
wife, is registered at the California, on
their return to their home in New Zea
land, after making a very pleasant trip
around the world.
Frank Dinsmore, who. it is claimed,
was one of the first white men that ever
crossed the Chilkoot Pass into the Daw
son district eighteen years ago, left the
Commercial .Hotel last Monday for the
north, where he has large mining In
terests.
H. Sequlre. an Alaska explorer and one
of the fortunate gold seekers in the Klon
dike region, who has made the Commer
cial Hotel his winter headquarters, has
packed his traps and started for the
north, where he said gold is more plen
tiful than blackberries.
N. E. Plcotie, secretary of the Yukon
Pioneers' Society, leaves the Commercial
Hotel this morning for the frozen north,
and expects to paddle his boat up
the Yukon River. Since he returned from
the air for twenty-eight hours, going con
tinuously and regularly In the desired di
rection.
The peculiar contrivance which enabled
him to accomplish these feats and on
which he largely bases his hopes of suc
cess in the present venture is called the
"autolesteur," or "ballast regulator." and
is not very unlike the one employed by
Professor Andree on his last trip. Its
character and the attachments to the
sail, as well as the method of using it,
are shown in the accompanying cut. By
lengthening or shortening the ropes and
thus regulating the strain thereon the
fail can be kept at any desired angle to
the wind, and a regular course steered,
as on board of a ship. Then, too. by
hauling in on the ropes the balloon can
be brought to the earth without wasting
any gas.
M. Varicle feels every confidence in the
success of his venture, and his plans of
construction and procedure have been ap
proved by Messrs. Terwagne, Bicard, Be
sac and other aerostatic experts of
France. They count on little trouble
after getting over the Chilkoot summit,
as the prevailing winds beyona are very
regular at this season of the year.
The pilot ""Alaska" will start first, and
others will follow in quick succession.
Each one will carry some 3500 pounds of
condensed provisions for the needy Daw
snnites.
the Klondike last fall he made a short
visit to his early home in Montreal, Can
ada. He is the lucky owner of claim 17.
on El Dorado Creek. Mr. Picotte will
g-o by rail as far north as he can and
then take the first direct vessel for the
country where his wealth lies.
PREMONITORY.
Spring is coming, spring Is coming!
I can feel the lum-te-tumming
Of that metric ebullition that the season in
undates—
Feel the lyrical vibrations
That in limitless creations
Every editorial sanctum and the balaam bae
o'erfreights.
By the generating sonnets.
By the talk of Easter bonnets
And the resurrected seeds that pose in every
market stall.
By my overcoat's oppression.
By the growing bike procession,
I can certify the springs about to make its
annual call.
And In full appreciation
Of old Nature's propagation
Of the programme that doth year on year her
normal labor's sum.
I've concluded, notwithstanding
My convictions so commanding
That I'd best resign my whims and let the
thing proceed to come.
— Boston Courier.
A MARVELLOUS DISCOVERY.
The Call has done another good piece of
work and made an invaluable contribu
tion to the history of this coast. Its well
authenticated account of -he marvelous
discovery of ancient turquoise mines and
prehistoric habitations and records on the
desert in San Bernardino county is with
out a parallel in the annals of California,
When these hieroglyphics shall be deci
phered, as it would seem they must be
we shall have a contribution to history
that is simply unparalleled. In selecting
Professor Eisen to take charge of the ex
pedition The Call acted wisely and well
His previous explorations in the wilds of
this coast and Central America fitted him
for the task, while his high standing is
such as to preclude any possibility of
mistake or exaggeration. His success
too in deciphering the Maya inscriptions
in "iucatan makes it probable that he
may be able to translate these desert rec
ords.—Alameda Encinal.
REFLECTIONS OF A BACHELOR.
New York Press.
Half of a man's kissing is habit and the
other half is hygiene.
A man is generally willing to tell his
wife all about a thing that he thinks she
is likely to find out anyhow.
When a man dreams it is time to let the
furnace go out the first thing he thinks
of when he wakes up is fly screens
The hard man to play poker with isn't
the one who can look sad with a full
S°lh e acS U hlgh. c ° ne Wh ° ° an look glad
A woman is never quite so genuinely
happy as when she has found out some
thing against a man that she can forgive
him for.
There would be less trouble if mothers
knew as much about their husbands'
daughters as they think they do about
their daughters' husbands.
NO BARGAINING FOR CUBA.
The United States has twice offered to
buy Cuba at a liberal price, and Spain has
twice rejected the offer and resented it as !
little short of insulting. This country |
might be able to endure a third rejection i
but it would not be generous to offer !
Spain a third insult. If such a bargain is I
to be made the overtures should come
from Spain.— New York Tribune.
A SUPERFLUOUS MUZZLE.
St. Louis Republic.
The order of Secretary Long to the
members of the Naval Board of Inquiry
to give out no hint of their findings seems
to be an act of supererogation. When
American naval officers talk about their
official affairs we may expect the Egypt
ian sphinxes to startle the world with an
anvil chorus.
FIRST HONORS OF WAR.
The first honors in the war with Cuba
seem to have been won by Hon. William
Alden Smith, Congressman from Michi
gan, who, single-handed and alone, with
\ his umbrella routed a detachment of
i Spanish soldiers in Havana who had
! manifested their lack of respect for the
! American statesman by jeering at his
I high silk hat. Of course, being semi
i barbarians, these uncoutn Castilians
could not be expected to shof their re
spect for such a badge of a hifher civili
zation but they will probably itand more
in awe of it In the future. There is al
ready talk of erecting some tort of a
monument to the hero of the exploit, but
exactly what form it shall takt-whether
In umbrella or a silk hat-has not been
decided.— Chicago Tribune.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
TIME AND DISTANCE-X. Y. Z., Oak
land Cal The average time from San
Francisco is over a course o f J HOd miles to
Honolulu, six to seven days; to \oko
hama, 4655 miles, eighteen days.;
kong 6100 mile?, twenty-eight da\*. to
Auckland. 6050 miles, nineteen days: anJ
Melbourne, 7740 miles, twenty-five daj&.
LATITUDE AND LONGITUPE-B. F
City The sextant is the instrument used
to "determine latitude and longitude. A
person in a strange place. wlsh i^ t, 0.,!?*
termine the points of the comnass by da\ .
can do so l,v watching the course of he
sun, and by night by watching the
north star.
LANGUAGES-H. B. T City. The esti
mates of languages are as follows: Eng
lish spoken by 111.110,000 persons; Ger
man. 75.000.000: Russian. 75.000.000; Ftench,
51,000,000; Spanish. 42.S00.0OO: Italian, 83.400,
000, and Portuguese. 13,000.000. One esti
mate asserts that the number using the
English language in 1895 was 124430,000,
and that it is fast becoming the polite
tongue of Europe.
PURCHASING WAR MATERIAL— If
there is a war between nations, either
can purchase war material wherever it
can procure the same without being lia
ble in damages, but if the purchase is
made from a neutral country, then that
country is liable in damages, as in tho
case of England permitting the Alabama
to be fitted out for the Confederate
States of America.
NIOBE ALL IN TEARS— J. F. 8.. Ala
meda, Cal. Niobe is the personification
of female sorrow. According to Grecian
fable. Niobe was the mother of twelve
children, and taunted Latona because Bhfl
had but two. namely: Apollo ami Diana.
Latona commanded her children to
avenge the insult, and they caused all th*»
sons and daughters of Niobe to die,
Niobe was inconsolable, wept herself m
death and was changed into a stone, from
which ran water. "Like Niooe, all tears '
(Hamlet).
PINNfiD WITH A STAR— A. S.,
Knights Ferry. Cal. The quotation is not
"Then Twilight let her curtain fall and
pinned it with a star," but is "While
twilight's curtain spreading far, was
pinned with a single star." This is to bo
found in "Death in Disguise," line 227,
Boston edition, 1533, ar.d was written by
McDonald Clarke, born 1795, died IMS,
Mrs. L,ydia Maria Child, born 1802, died
JBBO. uses the following, "Now twilight
lets her curtain down and pins it with a
star."
IN CASE OF WAR— Barkis, City. Each
belligerent may capture not only all of
the enemy's property found on the high
seas and on belligerent waters (except
otherwise provided by a treaty), but also
all property of neutrals intended for the
enemy or for actual use for condi»ctinj?
war. Such property is called contraband
of war, and may be lawfully condemned
as a prize. The general rule of interna
tional law in regard to property on the
high seas is that each belligerent has the
right to seize all of the enemy's property
of every kind except such property as is
protected by special permit. But prizes
may not be made of the property of neu
trals unless it is contraband. Therefore,
the goods of an enemy on the ship of a
neutral may be taken, but the ship is en
titled to freight, and the non-contraband
goods of a neutral on an enemy's ship
ought to be restored. Contraband goods
going to the enemy may always be taken,
no matter to whom they belnnp. Many
nations stipulate with each other in the
treaties that free ships make free goods
(except contrabands of war) ami that
enemy's ships make enemy's goods.
SAYINGS, WISE AND OTHERWISE.
A mole wants no lanthorn.
A quiet tongue shows a wise head.
A little bird wants but a little nest.
A man is not so soon healed as hurt.
A little barrel can give but little meal.
A ragged coit may make a good horse.
A poor man's debt makes a great noise.
A nod from a lord is a breakfast for a
fool.
A man's best fortune or his worst Is a
wife.
A man may provoke his own dog to bite
him.
A man must plow with such oxen as he
hath.
A moneyless man goes fast through the
market.
A mouthful of meat may be a townftf;
of shame. I
A man can never thrive who has
wasteful wife.
A ready way to lose your friend is to
lend him money.
A man has often more trouble to digest
meat than to get it.
A pot that belongs to many is ill stirred
and worse boiled.
A man may live upon little, but he can
not live upon nothing.
A man, as he manages himself, may die
old at 30 or young at SO.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.'
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's;, 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
SPOILING A LITTLE GAME.
The two United States army officers
who were recalled from Monte Carlo will,
of course, realize that not only Is it de
sirable for Uncle Sam to have his fighting
talent at hand, but that under the cir
cumstances it is just as well not to let
any more loose change get out of the
country than is absolutely necessary.—
"Washington Star.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the srums. allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mm.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
CORONADO.— Atmosphere Is perfectly dry,
toft and mild, being entirely free from th»
mfsts common further north. Round trip
tickets, by steamship, including: fifteen days'
board at the Hotel del Coronado, $65; longer,
stay. $2 50 per day. Apply 4 New Montgomery'
street. San Francisco, or A. W. Bailey, man
ager. Hotel del Coronado, late of Hotel Colo
rado, Glenwood Springs, Colorado.
Lai>i£s suffering from nervous afflictions find
quick relief In Parker's Ginger Toxic.
Barker's Hair Balsam aids the hair growth.
PINGREE'S STARTLING REFORM.
"No railroad passes!" cries Pingree
warningly to Michigan officials. How ab
surdly old-fashioned and narrow-minded
Pingree is. Why, if he had his way, it is
more than likely that a man holding a
political office would not be permitted to
take any more than his salary. — Chicago
Post.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE U. S. GOVERNMENT
REPORT SHOWS
Baking Powder
TO BE PORER AND
STRONGER THAN ANY
OTHERSTILL SEARCHING FOR
MR. COLNON'S SAVINGS
Result of the Investigation Regarding the State's
Indebtedness to the Honorable Harbor
Commissioner.
SOME MORE FACTS ABOUT A FERRY DEPOT CONTRACT.
Changes in Connection With the Masonry Work That Have Netted
Somebody a Small Fortune in a Very Short
Space of Time.
From amid the mass of robbery, job
bery ami crooked work that has marked
every stage in the progress of the
construction of the new ferry depot
building, Harbor Commissioner Colnon
professes to have unearthed one item
ivherein the contractor did not profit
at the expense of the State. He says
that by substituting Colusa sandstone
for Oregon graystone in the construc
tion of the outer walls of the building
there was saved to the State a sum ap
proximating- $53,000.
The Call is in a position to prove the
entire falsity of this statement, as well
as to prove that the substitution re
ferred to was made at a cost to the
State of not less than 511,000, to say
nothing of a saving to the contractor
of something like $50,000. This saving,
which represents a proportionate loss
tn the State, was made possible by the
direct acts of the Board of State Har
bor Commissioners, of which Commis
sioner Colnon is the presiding officer.
The contract for the masonry work
on the ferry building was secured by
C. F. McCarthy, the contract price be
ing $230,000. According to the provis
ions of the contract the outer walls of
ihe building were to be constructed of
Oregon" graystone. This was all
6traight and regular. Then came the
first of the dozens of "changes" in the
original plans and specifications, the
inauguration of each one of which has
cost the State from a few hundreds to
many thousands of dollars.
It was proposed and agreed to that
Colusa sandstone should be substi
tuted for Oregon graystone as the ma
terial for the outer walls of the big
building. Contractor McCarthy was
consulted, and ho, after much delibera
tion, finally consented to make use of
the new material without additional
cost to the State. That is to say, he
agreed to construct the walls of Colusa
sandstone at the same price he had
agreed to construct them of Oregon
graystone. The Commissioners bound
this proposition with the seal of their
official approval and the thing was
done.
So much for the facts as they ap
pear on the surface. The milk of the
cocoanut is yet to come.
Ai the lime McCarthy was preparing
his bid for the ferry building masonry
contract he was not an actual or pros
pective owner of a stone quarry. He,
like all of the other bidders, was
C'biiged tp ask quarry-owners the price
they would charge for furnishing him
the quantity and quality of stone re
quired by the terms of the specifica
tions. By this means he ascertained
that the amount of Colusa sandstone
necessary to do the work would cost
him $95,000. He also ascertained, as did
other prospective bidders, that Oregon
frraystone would cost $109,000. The
other bidders referred to, having these
facts in their possession, submitted
proposals to the Board of Harbor Com
missioners in which this difference in
the cost of the two materials was made
apparent. McCarthy, on the other
hand, did not put in a bid in which the
<'olusa stone figured as the material to
be used. His failure to do so netted him
on this particular item of material,
just $11,000.
To- be more explicit McCarthy was
awarded the contract, the material to
be used being named as Oregon gray
etone. Afterward the material was
changed to Colusa sandstone, the con
tract price remaining unchanged. As
the Colusa stone cost McCarthy $11,
000 less than the Oregon stone, it does
not require the services of a lightning
calculator to demonstrate the fact that
he was ahead Just that amount of
money by the operation, and the State
■was a proportionate loser. So much
for Mr. Colnon's claim regarding the
Btone contract.
The facts as above recited are sus
ceptible of proof. The dates, figures
and the names of witnesses are in the
possession of The Call, and will be
grtven to the proper authorities or to
any interested person upon application.
The item of stone is not by any means
the only costly bit of jugglery that was
practiced in connection with the ma-
Bonry contract. Other "changes"
equally profitable to the contractor,
and possibly to those instrumental in
bringing them about, were inaugurated
from time to time. One of the principal
Items in the long list was that relating
to the terra-cotta work. It was on ac
count of this material that, McCarthy
was enabled to secure the original con
tract by underbidding his competitors.
Terra cotta was the principal mate
rial named for interior construction
■work. McCarthy agreed to furnish it
at a cost Of 12 cents a square foot, while
the lowest price named by any other
bidder was 22 cents a square foot.
Every contractor in the city knows that
terra cotta cannot be furnished at the
first-named figure. Whether or not this
■was known to McCarthy does not ap
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Rf^iJCs i-i
Hggpr B B
Itching, scaly, bleeding palms, shapeless nails,
and painful linger cuds, pimples, blackheads,
oily, mothy skin, dry, thin, and falling hair, itch.
Ing, scaly scalps, all yield quickly to warm baths
with Coticcra Soap, and gentle anointings
with Coticura (ointment), the great •kin cure.
'I« fold throughout the world. Porri» D«ca ■»*» Cnw-
C»r p.. Sol* Props., Boston,
(jy " How to Produce Soft, TTh!t« Hinds," tnt.
ITCHING HUMORS *££Js£J? ,
! pear, but it does appear that when the
time came for him to perform the work
'. as provided for by the terms of his
| contract the Board of Harbor Commis
| sioners came to his rescue with a
'' timely "change" in the plans and spe
cifications.
Tennessee marble was substituted
I for white enameled terra cotta in the
grand nave. No change was made in
• the contract price, though the saving
'to the contractor was $13,896. Common
' brick was substituted for Roman
I pressed and molded brick at the ends of
| the building. The cost of Roman brick
;is $75 a thousand. Common brick sells
•for $6 a thousand. For this change Mc-
Carthy was paid $2416 in addition to his
contract price. The negative assump
tion implied In the adage that "A fair
exchange is no robbery" justifies the
belief that this transaction was some
thing very nearly approaching a "hold
up."
This is not the end of the story, how
ever. The masonry contract, having
proved itself to be a teat from which
the State's funds could be milked with
out protest, the good work went mer
rily on. The next, "change" included
the omission of the terra cotta caps,
plinths, bases and string courses from
the grand nave, a little matter that
effected a saving to the contractor of
$3345. Then came the substitution of
yellow brick for Roman pressed and
molded brick above the marble wains
coting in the grand nave. This netted
a neat little profit, the amount of
which has not yet been computed.
These were small matters, however,
when compared with the next under
taking in the way of a "change." The
specifications under which Mr. McCar
thy was granted the contract for do
ing the masonry work called for terra
cotta arches and steel tie rods under the
mezzanine and the second story floors.
As Mr. McCarthy was unable to furnish
the necessary terra cotta except at a
loss to himself, for reasons already set
forth, Commissioner Colnon and his as
sociates in the board, aided by Archi
tect Swain, rushed to the rescue with a
suggestion that saved the contractor
something more than $12,000, and re
| suited in providing the building with a
! set of floor arches a few degrees more
! inartistic, to say nothing of their utll
i ity, than any to be found in this or any
i other city. Instead of the terra cotta
arches originally provided for McCar
thy was allowed to construct concrete
and expanded metal arches, the State
furnishing the cement for the concrete,
the cement being the principal item of
cost. This is a master stroke, and
one well worthy of the superior genius
of the honorable gentlemen who engi
neered it.
By the time the masonry contract
had reached this very remunerative
point in its existence other contractors
had been taken into the fold, and it
was found that the appropriation, orig
inally more than sufficient for the com
pletion of the structure, was running
short. A conference of the powers was
held and it was decided to reduce ex
penses by omitting the finish of the en
tire mezzanine floor. Here is where
the masonry contractor made another
ten strike. As originally planned the
mezzanine floor was to be divided into
thirty-five rooms. The partitions were
to ha built of terra cotta. It is barely
possible that the fact that Mr. Mc-
Carthy was short on terra cotta may
have had some weight with the honor
ablft Commissioners in coming to an
agreement regarding the omission of
the mezzanine floor finish. At any rate
the contractor benefited by the decision
to an extent that should not be hard
for a Grand Jury expert to figure out.
Unfortunately for the taxpayers these
various changes In the masonry coa
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 23, 1898.
tract resulted in a loss to the State
wTiolly disproportionate to the profit
that accrued to Mr. McCarthy and his
friends.
With the changing of the style of the
floor arches the plasterer was relieved
of the necessity of putting on two coats
of plaster over an area that approxi
mates twice the entire ground space
of the whole building. The carpenter
was relieved of the necessity of putting
in the woodwork necessary to the fin
ish of the mezzanine floor. The plumber
laughed In his sleeve because he saw
the work required by the terms of his
contract reduced to a minimum. So
It goes on down through the entire list
of trades necessarily represented in the
completion of a building of this class.
No doubt Mr. McCarthy felt bad be
cause he could not "hog the whole
cheese." as the tough boy would say,
but the other contractors were corres
pondingly elated, so the parity of good
feeling was preserved and nobody was
loser except the State — not even Com
missioner Colnon and his official satel
lites.
Mr. Colnon has not seen fit to come
to the defense of the acts of himself
and his associates in reference to con
tracts other than that for masonry,
the assumption being that the acts
charged against them are not suscept
ible of plausible Wense. Be that as
it may, he will have to make another
attempt before he can convince the
public that he or any one else has saved
the State $53,000 on the masonry con
tract.
A WAITER IN HOT WATER.
George Aubertine Arrested for Re-
fusing to Support His Children.
George Aubertine, a waiter, Is under ar
rest for refusing to provide for his minor
children. The arrest was made by Sec
retary Dimphel of the Eureka Society for
the Protection of Children. Several days
ago Mrs. Mamie Aubertine, who lives
with her two little children at 546 Minna
street, went to the office of the society
and told the secretary that her husband
had not provided for the family for a long
time. Also that when he did return to his
home he abused her most shamefully, and
"HE DID IT."
not only refused to give her money but
he would not pay the rent. As a result,
the family has been in destitute circum
stances for a long time.
Yesterday Aubertine walked into the of
fice of the society and said that he had
heard that there was a warrant out for
his arrest, and this news reaching his
employers, had caused him to lose his
position. Colonel Dimphel had not sworn
to any warrant, but he wanted to catch
the man, so he placed him under arrest
and got out the warrant afterward. The
charge is refusing to provide for his chil
dren, for the man told the secretary that
he would not support his family.
WILL ADOPT ALICE LOY.
When She Fully Recovers Her
Health She Will Receive a Home.
At last a beam of sunshine has crossed
the checkered career of little Alice and
Bennle Loy, the two children who were so
inhumanly treated by Mrs. Clark and her
confederate, Engleberg of Jesus Christ's
Army. The guardianship of the little ones
'. was awarded, by a decision of T - "c
i Slack yesterday afternoon, to Frank
I Kane, secretary of the Society for the
Suppression of Vice, which wrests what
j ever control the Clark woman or her ac
i complice might have had over the chil
j dren.
Alice is now in the Sisters' Hospital at
i Sacramento, and when she fully recovers
her health she will be adopted into the
family of a woman residing in the Capi
tal City. Bennie is attending the Youths'
Directory in this city. The charge of cru
elty agalnt Mrs. Clark and Engelberg is
still pending In Judge Campbells court.
. ♦ .
Married Couples Not Happy.
Daisy A. Vandyboguit has commenced
suit for divorce against Ira H. Vandy
boguit on the gTOund of cruelty; Daisy
C. Walton from Henry H. Walton, cruel
ty; May F. Majorty from John Majorty,
I desertion; and Lars C. Hansen from Mar
| pethe Hansen, desertion.
Charles Engelke has been granted a
divorce from Louise Engelke on the
'■ ground of desertion.
Judge Hebbard yesterday granted
Scott a divorce from Joseph Scot, on the
ground of failure to provide, and Hannah
Edwardson a divorce from Alexander Ed
wardson on t-.e ground of cruelty.
| Judge Seawell has granted Cora Lind
' say a divorce from Harry D. H. Lindsay
on the ground of failure to proviae.
Edward F. Squires has been granted a
j divorce from Josephine E. Squires on the
ground of desertion.
". . ♦ . _■
To Cure Headache in 15 Minutes.
Dr. Davis' Anti-Headache. All Druggists. •
« ♦ •
Wiggins Is Improving.
The condition of W. H. Wiggins, the
I elevator attendant injured in the Ap
i praiser's building last Monday by being
I caught between the cage and the top of
! the door frame, was reported yesterday as
i improving. It was at first feared tnat he
■ had received fatal internal injuries from
! the twenty-foot fall from the top of the
door to the bottom of the pit. He is at
I St. Luke's Hospital. His predecessor. Mr.
j Shaen, lias taken charge of the post of
danger.
GUS GARSON, 238 Kearny street, near
Bush, sells "STANDARD" shirts. •
SHIFTER
INSPECTS
THE WORKS
High Power Guns of
This Harbor Are in
Good Order.
Emplacements Ready for
Two Five-Inch Rapid
Fire Rifles.
California Powder Works Ob
tain a Big Contract From
the Government.
RESULT OF RECENT TESTS.
Powder of th« Grade Demanded by
the Ordnance Bureau Can Be
Supplied.
General William R. Shafter, com
manding the Department of California,
and First Lieutenant John D. Miley,
aid and engineer officer, accompanied
by First Lieutenant Charles G. Meno
her, ordnance officer at the Presidio,
yesterday made an examination of the
fortifications at Fort Point. Although
General Shafter is perfectly familiar
with every detail connected with the
defenses of San Francisco harbor, yet
of late so much important work has
been done that this visit was consid
ered necessary to keep posted on the
new work as it progresses. The ten
inch rifles, 12-inch guns and the mor
tar batteries, the emplacements for
five-inch rapid-firing guns were all
thoroughly Inspected and founu to be
in perfect condition and ready to with
stand the approach of any foreign war
vessel that might attempt to enter the
harbor through the narrow channel
between Fort Point and Fort Baker
(Lime Point). These officers under
stand exactly what is needed to put
this city In a perfect state of defense,
and the War Department will be re
quested to furnish what is necessary to
carry out their views.
General Shafter was evidently well
satisfied with the condition of affairs.
After his return to headquarters in the
city he expressed his satisfaction.
Speaking of the garrison, he said: 'The
troops on duty are sufficient to care
for the high-power guns and keep them
in readiness for use, but the force is
not large enough to man the guns in
the event of war. Should war come
volunteers would probably be called
into service to assist in manning the
batteries."
When asked if the works defending
San Francisco were ample to resist any
fleet that Spain could send to the Pa
cific, the general replied: "Spain could
send nothing here. Her ships and men
would be needed elsewhere."
The activity of the Engineer Corps of
the Pacific Division iseommendable. In
the defensive work the engineers are
away ahead of the Ordnance Corps.
The construction work of the new mor
tar battery at the Presidio is now fin
ished, but the guns are not here. There
Is now a rush in the East to get the
guns and carriages ready.
Emplacements have been constructed
at Fort Point for two 5-inch breech
loading rapid-fire guns. These quick
firing pieces will occupy a position be
tween the 12-lnch rifles and the 10-inch
disappearing guns. The 5-inch rifles
have a range of five miles and are very
effective at shorter range where ob
j.-cts as large as a human figure are
visible on the decks of a ship.
Word comes by wire from Washing
ton that the Ordnance Bureau has
made a contract with the California
Powder Works for 250,000 pounds of
lirown prismatic powder. Teats have
been made recently at the Presidio of
Powder manufactured in this State.
The experiments have obviously dem
onstrated the fact to the satisfaction
of the authorities in Washington that
powder suitable for the high
power guns can be made on this coast.
The ordinary charge of powder for a
12-inch rifle is 450 pounds. The charge
must give to the 1000 pound projectile
an initial velocity of 2100 feet per sec
ond, but must not impose too great a
pressure on the gun. The ordnance
officers here found no difficulty in ob
taining the required velocity from the
charge, but the pressure exceeded the
Government limit. The objective ele
ments were gradually eliminated, and
now the works in California can sup
ply powder of the grade demanded.
Colonel James M. Moore, chief quar
termaster of the Department of Cali
fornia, left the city for San Diego last
evening to arrange some important
matters concerning transportation to
Ballast Point from San Diego, and for
the erection of barracks at the battery
commanding the approach to that
harbor.
MEMORIAL WINDOW.
Appropriate Services Held at the
Chapel of the Holy Innocents.
On Sunday, March 20, at the Chapel of
the Holy Innocents, after morning pray
er and celebration of holy communion,
was held the service of dedication of the
memorial glass window which has lately
been placed in the chapel by A. C. Hur
rell in memory of his late wife.
The vested choir sang an appropriate
hymn, after which the Rev. E. B. Spauld
ing, rector of St. John's Parish, made the
following remarks:
"We are called upon to-day to set apart
in the Chapel of the Holy Innocents a
memorial to a beloved wife, and at the
same time to the honor and glory of God.
The memorial has two natures which are
not always considered— one, its beauty
and costliness; the other, instead ot be
:• c i. ■iicf-ri in some lonely graveyard or
mausoleum, it is placed in the house of
God, where it may be a benediction to
others who will come here for his honor
and glory and for his worship.
"It 1s gratifying to think that this
beautiful window will look down upon
those who, as the years roll by, will
gather to listen to the teachings of the
dear Master, and that it will be to them
an encouragement to remain in His ser
vice. I therefore ask you to unite with
me in prayer to God for the benediction
of this window."
The usual prayors upon such occasions
were then offered, after which the con
gregation disbanded with the customary
retrocessional hymn.
THE BELGIC PUT
IN QUARANTINE
A Case of Smallpox Developed
During the Voyage
Here.
Sailing of the Steamer Moana for
Australia Delayed Until This
Evening.
The steamer Belgic arrived from Hong
kong via Yokohama and Honolulu yes
terday. She was delayed somewhat by
the northwest gale but was not much be
hind her schedule time. Between Hong
kong and Yokohama one of the Chinese
passengers was taken sick with smallpox
and was landed at the latter port. As
soon as Dr. .uosenau boarded the vessel j
he ordered the yellow flag raised and then
awaited the arrival of Dr. Hill, the State
quarantine officer. After a consultation it
was decided to land the man and the
cabin passengers, but to fumigate the ship
and the crew. This was accordingly done
and late last night the steamer went to
her dock.
The steamer Umatilla sailed for Puget
Sound ports yesterday. She took away
470 passengers, of whom seventy-live were
bound for the gold fields. The departure
of the Umatilla was somewhat delayed
as she had to await the arrival of the
Santa Rosa with fruit from southern
ports for the sound.
The English mail to be dispatched by
the steamship Moana, due to arrive in
this city this morning, will not arrive un
til this afternoon, and in consequence the
steamer will not sail until 10 p. m.
Captain Gray, superintendent of the
Shipowners' and Merchants' Towboat
Company, was on 'Change again yester
day. He has been absent from the city
for two weeks on business in Puget
Sound. He says he enjoyed his trip and is
looking well, but asserts that there Is no
place like California.
Lester A. Young, a ship carpenter em
ployed on the Two Brothers, fell down
that vessels hold yesterday and sustained
a fracture of the base of the skull. He
was treated by Dr. Hartley of the Har
bor Receiving Hospital, who considers his
chances of recovery very slight. Young
lived with his parents at 554 Mission
For several months past Chief Wharf
inger Root and Assistant Chief Wharfin
ger Scott have been taking their lunch
eon aboard the ferry steamer Tiburon
and "Henry," the cook, had worked his
way into their good graces by means of
the many nice dishes he prepared for
them Henry was tired of life on a ferry
steamer so Mr. Scott gave him a letter of
introduction to Captain A. I. Lowell of
the new lightship. Henry at once hied
himself to Murray & Ready, the employ
ment agents, and sold the letter of intro
duction. The latter then resold it to a
man named Parkenson for $4. The letter
I was inclosed in an envelope bearing the
stamp of the chief wharfinger and thither
went Parkenson yesterday to learn where
he could find captain Lowell. The man
he inquired of was the writer of the
letter "himself and in a few seconds he
was telling Murray & Ready what he
thought of them over the telephone. The
letter was torn up and Parkenson went
back to the employment agents to re
cover his $4.
Partners at Outs.
M. Brilliant, the inventor and manu
facturer of a new parlor bedchalr at 1177
Market street, was taken to the Receiv
ing Hospital yesterday morning to have
a lacerated wound of the eye-row treated.
He said that his partner, P. McQuinn,
had been for some time endeavoring to
drive him out of the business, so as to get
entire possession 01 it, and yesterday
morning MrQuinn struck him ana threat
ened to kill him. Brilliant declared that
he would have McQuinn arrested for bat
tery ar >d threats to kill.
Fenders on Cars.
The case of H. E. Huntington, president
of the Market-street railway system,
charged with violating an ordinance that
provides for fenders being on cars, was
called in Judge Conlan's court yesterday,
and as the defendant had not returned to
the city the case was continued till April
14. This was according to the agreement
when the case was first called.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Ask your doctor how
many preparations of cod-
liver oil there arc.
He will answer, "Hun-
dreds of them." Ask him
which is the best. He will
reply, "Scott's Emulsion."
Then see that this is the
one you obtain. It contains
the purest cod-liver oil, free
from unpleasant odor and
taste. You also get the hy-
pophosphites and glycerine.
All three are blended into
one grand healing and nour-
ishing remedy.
50c. and $1.00, all druggist*.
SCOTT & BOWNE. ChtmUtt, New Yort.
HOFF STILL
UNDER FIRE
Witnesses for the Prosecution
Remain in Evi
dence.
The Defense Will Without Doubt
Have a Chance Wits-iin the
Next Few Days.
The trial of Albert Hoff was resumed
before Judge Carroll Cook and jury yes
terday, Dr. Inman was first called to the
stand for cross-examination, and stated
that he was called to the house at 803
Guerrero street after the tragedy was
committed. He stated that on his arrivel
at the house he had found the body of
Mrs. Clute lying on the floor and that the
body was In a lifeless state at the time
of discovery.
A. Gallaten, a vegetable peddler, testi
fied that he had visited the home of Mrs.
Clute at 803 Guerrero street at the Insti
gation of witness Legg. He saw the body
of Mrs. Clute lying«on the floor. Numer
ous other witnesses followed who repeat
ed the testimony given at the preliminary
examination.
Policemen Filben and Rlordan told of
how they had been detailed on the case,
and they were followed by Robert Gobel.
a shoemaker, who stated that Hoff had
slept with him on the evening of the
murder, and had exhibited a scratch on
the left hand which had been declared
was the result of taking up matting in
the house of some lady not named by the
defendant. Thomas Hannon. a laborer,
stated that ne had visited a grocery store
on the corner of Van Ness and Turk
streets on the morning after the tragedy
and that Hoff came in as he was reading
the account of the murder, and stated
trrct it looked bad for him, as he was
laying carpet in the house the previous
day. Gobel told him while in the store
not to talk so much, and words passed
between them. Henry DlercKS, a partner
ir. the grocery concern at Van Nes-5 and
Turk street, testified that ne haJ seen
lioit in the store on the morning after
the tragedy, but his mind was a b'nnl: on
other subjects.
Then came testimony regarding the
wounus received by Mrs. Chite Various
physicians testified to the same tune as
given at the previous examination, and it
was afterward discovered that Hoff had
been v-orrkd by the statements of Jlun
non that he fitted the description given
by the papers following the murder. The
witnesses for the prosecution will follow
to-day.
Dr. Gallagher, autopsy physician at
the Morgue, testified relative to the
wounds found on the head of the de
ceased. He was of the opinion that the
coupling pin held as evidence against
Hoff would produce wounds similar to
those found on the decedent.
The trial will be resumed to-day.
The Lelys' Concert.
Tho second of the song recitals and
lectures by Mr. and Mrs. Durward Lely
was grlven last night in the Y. M. C. A.
Auditorium before an enthusiastic audi
ence. "Rose, Thistle and Shamrock" was
the subject title of the entertainment, in
which Mr. Lely dwelt authoritatively on
epoch-making song of the United King
dom, punctuating his little talks by sym
pathetically singing the more important
of the ballads. Mrs. Lely accompanied
on the pianoforte. Mr. Lely was at one
time Patti's leading tenor.
Settling the Fair Estate.
The compensation of Theodore Kytka,
j who was called as an expert in handwrit
ing in the Craven-Fair suit, was fixed at
$3750 yesterday by Judge Slack. The mat
ter of fixing the fees of the appraisers of
; the Fair estate was taken under advise-
I ment, as Judge Slack believed the bills
I presented were too high.
A New Steamboat Company.
Articles of Incorporation of the Yukon
River Steamboat Company were filed
yesterday by Walter R. Rldeout. YV. H.
Smith, W. M. Boots Jr., F. E. Emlay
and T. C. Judkins.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TSTHE WORKING CAPITAL OFHUMANITY
■■• He wbo loses that Is wrecked indeed. Is your
health falling you? Your strength, ambition,
vigor, vitality wasting away ?
FA/ t Cq
P!
DOCTOR SWEANY
737 MARKET STREET
San Francisco, Cal.
For the speedy, safe and permanent cure of all
NERVOUS, CHRONICandSPECIAL
Diseases of Men and Women.
Vnilllf* UCII Unnatural drains caused
lUUIIU IfljUlll through errors of youth
or excesses, quickly and permanently stopped.
He restores lost vigor and vitality to
llfCAIf UCII Organs of the body which
BffCAn ITS £ 111 hare been weakened
through disease, overwork, excesses or indiscre-
tions a re restored to full power, strength and vigor
through his new and original system of treatment
DlinfilDC cured by his new method,
Hill I UflC without knife, truss or detention
i from work, a painless, sure and permanent cure.
VIDIfIfIPCI C hydrocele, swelling and
1 JiniyUUkLEi tenderness of the glands
treated with unfailing success.
CONTAGIOUS BLOOD POISON
In any of its stages thoroughly eradicated frcm
the system. --.:- ■
I A I)ICC w '" re ce(ve special attention for all
IbhIIICw their many ailments.
CONSULTATION FREE ft&r
WRITE if you cannot call. A valuable book
"Guide to Health," free. F. L. SWEANY, M. D.,
717 Market St, op. Grant Ay., San Franci<=C3. Cal.
SAINT MARK'S HOSPITAL
—AND—
HOME FORTHE CARE QFTHEINEBRIATE
Corner Stockton and Chestnut Streets.
Is Open for the Reception of Patients, Under
Care of
DR. S. P. TUGGLE,
Superintendent and" Resident Physician. !
Down-town Office— E. CORNER GEARY.
! AND STOCKTON STREETS, over City of
Paris; 2 to i p. m. • •
oobooooooooooooooo
%T-"?fA% T -"? f A LACE «?S
° GRAND mmhM %
a SAN FRANCISCO. _
i*f Connected by a. covered passageway. J*
° 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attached. °
O - .-;• Au Under One MANAGEMENT. O
j O NOTE THE PRICES: O
i g% European Plan. Sl. OO per day and upward rt
; ** American Plan. B3. OO per day and upward »•»
O ■ :-. .-Correspondence Solicited. Q
O JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK, Manager. go
o 00000 00000000000
/^SVDEWEY,STRONG&CD.^g?V
(1 -patents! x)
NSS/330 MARKET ST. S.F.SS^
- ■ AMUSEMENTS. r ■ ,
fWfHA&SLB GOTTIOB a C 9 itssu* *««••*•
SECOND AND LAST WEEK. '_ _
Madeleine Lucetta Ryley's Comedy, "HB
"MYSTERIOUS MR. BUGLE."
Presented by JOSEPH HOLLAND and a*>
Efficient Cast.
EXTRA-
NEXT -MONDAY NIGHT. -
Season's Gala Event.
The Greatest Farce of the Age,
A GAY DECEIVER!
Introducing Beautiful
ANNA HELD,
The Glory of France— The Star of Paris.
SEATS READY THURSDAY.
BALDWIN THEATER— EXTRA!
SUNDAY EVENING, MARCH 27.
FAREWELL POPULAR CONCERT.
MARTEAIT LACHAUME
MARTEAU, LACHAUME
, And a Grand Orchestra-
Conductors: Marteau andvLachaume.
Prices 50c. 75c. Jl and $1 50.
Sale of seats will begin Thursday. _
i£a£wmMz cMta&v
vFRIEOUNDtft 60TIIOB aC* tt»Mi» »«««•»»
ALL THIS WEEK.
The Big Spectacular Production,
RICE'S "1492!"
60 People— Elaborate Staging— Beauty Galore.
Next Monday— JAMES J. COKBETT. in ' A
NAVAL CADET." ■ : ._.
MOROSGO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
Walter Morosco Sole Lessee and Manager
COMMENCING TO-NIGHT. . MAKCH 21ST,
Grand Reproduction of Oliver Byron's
Great Play,
THE UPPER HAND.
Special Engagement of ' -
FREDERICK TJADER
ECCENTRIC COMEDIAN,
And
LA petite Lund,
The Infant Prodigy, In her Brilliant Specialties.
New Scenic and Mechanical Effects.
Evening Prices ..........:. 10c. 25c and 50c
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
MATINEE TO-DAY (Wednesday). March 23.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; balcony, lOo; children,
10c any part. "'-■-'.
> -lARLES T. ELLIS and COMPANY in the
one-act comedy, "Mrs. Hogan'a Music Teach-
er": McCALE & McDANIELS. knockabout
Irish comedy; MASTER WADE COCHRANE,
mental wonder; CARL DAMMON TROUPE,
greatest acrobats; last week of BURKE .<«
FORREST. AtHAS & COLLINS, RUDINOFF.
JOSEPHINE SABEL and the JOSE QUIN«
TETTE. ' ' __
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mas. Ernestine Khemxg. Proprietor A Manage?
THIS .E~v7eIVIING !
A LAUGHING SUCCESS!
The Most Amusing of Musical Comedies,
"THE WIDOW O'BRIEN"
Superb Cast! Bright Burlesques! Up-to-Date
Medleys'. Entrancing Specialties!
"The Heart of Maryland" Travesty upon "II
Trovatore."
THREE HOURS OF FUN.
MIRTH, MUSIC. MERRIMENT.
Popular Prices 25c and 500
No Telephone Orders Received.
SAN FRANCISCO SYMPHONY SOCIETY.
FRITZ SCHEEL. Musical Director.
NINTH CONCERT — Tlvoli Opera House,
TO-MORROW (THURSDAY) AFTERNOON.
March 24. at 3:15. - Programme: Overture.
"Julius Caesar" (Schumann); violoncello con-
certo, A minor.' Op. 33 (Saint Saens). Mr. Er-
nest Lent; symphony No. 2 D major (Brahms);
Rhapsodic Erotlque (Ernest Lent), string or-
chestra, horn- and harp, under the direction
of the composer; vorspiel," "Die 'Melsterslnger"
Prices, including reserved seat, $] 50, $1 and
75c. Sale of seats at the Tlvoli. ;
AL,VnZ<nK« MAIN 254.
Evenings at 8, Saturday Matinee at 2.
"ITS A CORKER"
You Laugh, Scream and Yell.
The Howling Farce.
UNCLE DUDLEY
— OR-
THE GIRL UP TO DATE !
Lillian Leslie and Little Venle, In Specialties.
Prices— 25c, 35c. 60c. •
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
FRIDAY EVENING, March 23, and SATUR-
DAY AFTERNOON. March 26.
TWO FAREWELL RECITALS. -
THE GREAT FRENCH VIOLINIST,
MARTEAU!
Accompanied by " ' J --
LACHAUME,
PIANIST.
Special! f Request Programme Saturday t
Send preferences to Henri MarTeau, Hotel
Savoy. Reserved Seats. 60c. 75c, $1. $1. 60. Now
on sale at the San Francisco music store, 223
Sutter street. " : ■
THE GREATEST FUN IN THE CITY
IS TO BE HAD AT THE .
- - - ZOO - - -
IN THE CHUTES.
FINEST WILD ANIMALS IN CAPTIVITY!
See Captain Cardono's Group of Trained Lions
—The Most Thrilling Animal Art Extant!
Feeding of the Carnlvora at 5 and 10.:30 p. m.
Open Dally from 10 a. m. to 11 p. m.
10c to All, Including Zoo. etc. ; Children. sc.
CHIQUITA receives afternoons and evenings.
C\\ VMDIA ' Corner of M?son an:)
UL. I mrlJ* — Eddy street? ,
America's most beautiful "sic hall. Great-
est free bill In the /orld. The 3 ALBION'S,
erote-sque comedians; ZANFRELLA it
WALSH, porch artists; ADAMS SISTERS,
balladlsts; MONTALAIS. soubrette; ARNEL-
DO and ten others. House heated. Admission
free. _____ ■ • •
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CIUB
(Ingleside* Track.)
Raoing From Monday, March 21, to
Saturday, April 2, inclusive.
Five or More Races Daily, Rain or Shine.
First Race at 2 P. M.
S P. R. R- TRAINS 12:45 and 1:15 P. M.
DAILY.
Leave Third-street station, stopping at Va-
lencia street. Returning immediately after th«
races. ELECTRIC CAR LINES.
Kearny and Mission street cars every three
minutes, direct to track without change. FlU-
more-street cars transfer each way.
S. N. ANDROUS, President.
F. H. GREEN, Secretary. , ■
SPECIAL EXCURSION TO SAN JOSE
AND THE SANTACLARA VALLEY.
Natural -carnival of buds . and. blossoms. On
SATURDAY, March 26, at 8:30 a. in., a spe-
cial train will leave the Southern Pacific depot,
at Fourth and Townsend streets, ■. for San Jose,
return Saturday night or on any Sunday train.
One-half fare for the round trip. Come and
see the beautiful Santa Clara Valley when its
great fruit orchards are in bloom. .Roads and
drives lined with great natural bouquets of
unrivaled -beauty and -fragrance. -- Carriages
will meet the train and excursions to the Wil-
lows. Campbells. Los Gatos, -Saratoga, Alum
Rock. Uerryessa and other • points of Interest
arranged. Valley of orchard trees at height
of bloom. - ■
Q ■ vi.it DR. JORDAN'S Great
aslan Museum of Anatomy
fSffiMl ICSI KAEIET ST. tit 6th ft 7th, S. F. CjO.
A 3*O The iv kind In tin World.
I J*ii»\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
ltrVW '1^ " ComaiUtlon free. TTrit* Tor Bwk
(1 ' * PtiHosophy of Marriage.
h £ MAIkCB FRCK.
78
BIG FRAUDS IN
TIME CHECKS
Holders of Paper Suffer
Through Overeonfl
dence in a Clerk-
Thousands of Dollars More
Paid Out Than Uncle Sam
Has Appropriated.
Easy Manner in Which Southall Ac
cumulated a Large Fortune
Through Manipulations.
Special Dispatch to The Call. '
ST. PAUL, Minn., March 22.->Just
how great the loss through the Gov
t-rnment time-check fraud may prove
to be cannot be known until an exam
ination of the books of the engineering
department has shown which checks
are good and which false. About three
weeks ago the local banks, which first
became interested through some Hart
ford, Conn., holders of the paper, began
an investigation and became satisfied
that the amount of checks out was far
in excess of the money appropriated by
the Government to carry <m the work
of the upper Mississippi River. After
several interviews with Southall, in
■which It is claimed he tried to prove
that there was nothing in the claims, it
.is said that he finally admitted that
fully 25 per cent of the checks that are
now outstanding are worthless.
To protect themselves, the banks at
once took the stand that the Govern
ment, having adopted a scheme for the
payment of the workmen employed by
it that enabled an employe to defraud
the banks and other innocent pur
chasers of the paper, should be com
pelled to stand the loss. The filing of
the claims of the banks of the pay- j
merit of the entire amount of the checks i
was made In Washington, with the re
sult that the matter became public.
J. H. Southall has been employed by
the Government for a period of more
than fifteen years up to six months ago.
At that time he resigned the position
of chief clerk at the engineering depart
ment in this city, being succeeded by J.
D. Dushane. It was given out at the
time that Southall retired from the po
sition of clerk that he hud made consid
erable money in speculation in corn,
and that he intended in the future to
devote his entire time to the stock mar
ket. His duties while he was acting
as clerk were to keep the time as
turned in by the foremen and to pay
them off in these time checks. The time
checks were often bought up in large j
numbers by speculators, were cashed j
by banks and were held until the Gov
ernment was prepared to meet the bills,
when Southall would receive a remit- !
tance direct from Washington and j
■would then deposit the money in his j
own name and tako up th<> checks with
his individual checks. By doing this for j
a period of fifteen years, his signature ;
became perfectly known to all the!
banks in this vicinity, and his credit j
with the Government back of the pa-.
per that he issued was considered as !
good as a Government bond. Of the j
$300,000 or $400,000 worth of time checks <
known to be outstanding, probably less
than one-fourth was held by banks,
and some of these were held by them
for individuals. Two local banks, which
failed five months ag>.-, held, over $20,
000, and nearly as much more was held
by a Hartford (Conn.) bank. One man
in Wisconsin, whose name could not be |
learned to-day, had bought $64,000 i
worth of these checks, and $40,000 more
have been taken as a good personal in
vestment by a St. Paul capitalist. In
smaller amounts the time checks are
understood to be held all over the coun
try, and it will be some time before the
full amount can be learned.
ASPHYXIATED BY FUMES
OF BURNING CHARCOAL
Employe of a Santa Rosa Brewery-
Found Dying in a Large
Tank.
SANTA ROSA, March 22.— When Geo.
Gernert, the head brewer of Grace Bros."
brewery, entered the collar this after
noon to inspect work ordered done he
found the almost lifeless body of young
John Bolinger, an employe of the brew
ery, lying prostrate on the floor. Hastily
carrying the body to the door, Gernert
called for help. When assistance came
Bolinger, stnl breathing, was removed to
the open air. Physicians were sum
moned, but before they arrived the
young man was dead.
Coroner Young was notified and an in
quest was held this evening. From the
testimony Introduced it was shown that
young Bolinger had, been working in the
cellar cleaning and drying two large
tanks. In one he had placed a sheet-iron
charcoal stove to assist in drying the
huge receptacle. The general opinion is
that the young man's death was due to
the inhalation of the charcoal fumes. Dr.
R. P. Smith, a witness at the Inquest,
was inclined to the belief that death
might have resulted from heart failure,
superinduced by exertion and the heat
of the tank.
The verdict of the jury was to the ef
fect that death was the result of natural
causes. Bolinger was a young man well
known in this city, where he has lived
•with his parents for many years.
WOMAN WITH CRAIG
IS NOT HIS WIFE.
Dual Life and Queer Acts of the
Missing H. H. Craig of
Rochester.
NEW YORK, March 22.— H. H. Craig,
■whoso mysterious disappearance in San
Francisco was reported to-day. Is pro
prietor of the EL 11. Craig Lumber Com
pany of Rochester. The first of the month
he went to San Francisco ostensibly for
his health. At the same time there left
the city a woman who nas been known
for years to be his companion. It is
almost certain that the Miss Craig with
him at the time of his disappearance was
this woman. It is believed in Rochester
that Craig merely took the wrong train
and that he will turn up all right. He
puffered a stroke of paralysis a fow years
ago and has boon "Queer" over since.
Craig openly supported two establish
ments in Rochester. His family consists
of a wife, daughter and several sons, one
a Rochester University student. In
March. 1893. his daughter married a man
claiming to be a wealthy Mr. Davis of
San Francisco, but this turned out to bo
untrue.
WORLD'S LARGEST SHINGLE
MILL DESTROYED.
Loss of a Hundred Thousand Dollars
Occasioned by Fire at
Tacoma.
TACOMA, March 22.— The Pacific Mill,
the largest shingle mill in the world,
operated by Metealf & Wade, was de
stroyed by fire to-day. The property is
owned by the Sather Banking Company
of San Francisco and its loss will bo
about $100,000. There were 3.000,000 shingles
in the kilns. Within thirty minutes after
the alarm the immense plant was in
ruins. There was no insurance on stock.
J. J. O'BRIEN & CO., Murphy Bldg.,
Mitt. & Jones, sell "STANDARD" shirts*
FOR BETTER
QUARANTINE
Caffery Argues in Sup
port of the Pending
Bill.
Believes the Whole Law Should
Be Administered by the
National Government.
Carter of Montana Opposed to the
Holding of Legislative Assem
blies In Alaska.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Call Office, Rlggs House,
Washington, March 22.
A feature of the Senate proceedings
to-day was an extended speech by Caf
fery of Louisiana in support of the
pending national quarantine bill. In
course of his argument Caffery said
that he wanted the whole quarantine
In the hands of the United States Gov
ernment, which could make a quaran
tine effective, and he added that he was
as strong a State's rights advocate as
any man.
"We want," said he, "a certain quar
antine authority, upon which responsi
bility may rest. We want uniformity
of action in this matter of quarantine
regulations, backed by such financial
and legal power as will enable the au
thorities to cope with the dread dis
eases which are likely to ravage the
country."
In conclusion, after speaking for nearly
three hours, Caffery said that State
quarantines were utterly inefficient, ut
terly powerless against an epidemic of
yellow fever. Of this inefficient State
Quarantine system be had known the
most brutal acts to be performed. He
had himself, he said, been accosted by
petty quarantine officers with shotguns.
For "the exercise of that kind of State or
police power he had no use and no re
gard. He desired that tne whole question
should be handled scientifically, so that
a power and authority should be provided
that would be adequate to cope with yel
low fever, cholera and like diseases.
Carter of Montana of the Committee on
Territories called up the measure re
ported by him making further provisions
for a civil government of Alaska and ad
dressed the Senate at length upon it. He
said that the committee had deemed it
unwise to provide for a legislative as
sembly fur Alaska, not only on account of
the nomadic character of the inhabit
ants, but also on account of the vast
extent of the district.
The discovery of gold. Carter said, had
attracted many persons to the district
during the past two years, but how long
the rush might last nobody could tell.
Considering tne character of the popula
tion and the conditions under which the
people lived, the holding of elections for
an assembly will be much like holding an
election at a cirrus.
Questioning Carter as to the reason for
providing for three United States Judges
and throe District Attorneys, Vest of
Missouri criticized what he termed the
"multiplication oi officials." He believed
that a reasonably industrious lawyer
could, as a District Attorney, transact
all of the business likely to arise there in
one month in a year. Especially, Carter
maintained that on account of the enor
mous distances between prominent places
In Alaska and the fact that transporta
tion, which was almost entirely by water,
was Impossible during the greater part of
the year on account of ice. the necessity
of the courts provided for by the bill was
evident. Carter was here interrupted, and
will continue to-morrow.
Gallinger of New Hampshire, who re
cently returned from a trip to Cuba, an
nounced that, yielding to the kind soli
citations of many Senators, he would to
morrow, immediately after the morning
business had been transacted, briefly ad
dress the Senate upon his observations
in Cuba, unless in the meantime some
thing should occur to prevent it.
Eppes Will Be Unseated.
WASHINGTON. March 22.— The naval
appropriation bill was reported to the
House to-day, but as it had not been
printed the contested election case of
Thorpe vs. Eppes from the Fourth Vir
ginia District was taken up and debated '
until 4 o'clock, when the House, owing
to the illness of Rhea of Kentucky, who
wa.s to speak this afternoon, adjourned
until to-morrow, at which time the case
will be resumed. The prevailing im
pression is that Eppes, the sitting mem
ber, will be unseated, as upon the deci
sion in this case will largely depend the
decision of the two other vacancies in
which practically the same questions are
Involved. Mr. Eppes had 2621 plurality
on the face of the returns. Extensive
frauds were charged, and the majority
of the committee found that Mr. Thorpe
should have received 307 plurality, and
upon their finding recommended that he
be seated.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST.
Registers and Receivers Named for
Land Offices at Stockton and
Independence.
WASHINGTON, March 22.— The Presi
dent to-day sent to the Senate the fol
lowing nominations: To be registers of
the land office, J. D. Maxey, Stockton, and
S. W. Austin at Independence; to be re
ceivers, Henry S. Sargent at Stockton
and F. E. Densmore at Independence.
The Attorney-General to-day sent to
Congress a letter recommending an ap
propriation of $400 to pay Frank P. Flint
for services as special deputy marshal for
the Southern District of California during
the months of June and July, 1894.
Representative Newlands of Nevada to
day introduced a bill authorizing the sec
retary to make surveys of the Truekeo,
Carson, Humboldt and Walker rivers in
Nevada for the promotion of irrigation
purposes. The bill appropriates $40,000 for
the work.
Pacific Coast patents were granted to
day as follows: California— Newton 'D.
Cha.se. Pokegama, ...It awl; Peter A. Fin
negan, San Francisco, starting gate; John
S. Jennings, San Francisco, anti-frictional
hank for sails; Martin F. Kechinka, Sco
tia, lineway; Stephen P. Moody, Chico,
assignor of one-half to R. F. Jackson,
machinery for extracting gold; Peter J.
Nieolinl, Oakland, device for sulphuring
casks. Oregon— Harry K. Greenleaf.
Portland, assignor of two-thirds to C. E.
Porter and J. C. Hollistfr, thawing-ma
chine, or device for producing hot-air
blasts. Washington— Joseph Harle, Van
couver, magazine firearm.
Army orders— By direction of the Sec
retary of War, Rudolf Heller, ordnance
detachment now at Benicia arsenal, Cali
fornia, is, upon his own application,
transferred to West Point, N. Y.
Pensions have been issued as follows:
California— Original: Henry Fair, San
Dicqo, $S. Increase: John Harris, San
Diego. $6 to $8.
Oregon— Original widow; Sarah A.
Hamilton, Linnton, $8. Mexican War sur
vivors, iiu-rea.se: Elijah D. Sale, Myrtle
Creek. $S to $12.
Ex-Supervisor H. F. Dundon of San
Francisco Is at the St. James. Mrs. J. S.
Chapman and Miss Chapman of Los An
geles are at the Raleigh. Ex-Senator
Felton has gone to Philadelphia to visit
his daughter, Mrs. Elkins.
Fire in a Lodging House.
SALINAS, March 22.— The San Luis
lodging-house, a notorious resort on the
outskirts of this city, was partially ■ de
stroyed by fire at an early • hour - this
morning. The inmates were aroused from
sleep by the dense smoke ; and «»i made
their escape. One man became bewildered
and attempted, to leap from the second
story window, but was rescued just in
time by members of the fire department.
■ • ♦ ■ \ •.-.-. •
NEWSPAPER THIEVES.
A reward of $10 is offered for the
arrest and conviction of any person
caught stealing copies of this paper
from the doors of subscribers.
THE SA^ FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 23, 1898.
HELD IN JAIL
WITHOUT CAUSE
Los Angeles Citizen the
Victim of a Police
Outrage.
Locked Up and Denied Permis
sion to Communicate
With Friends.
Siberian Methods Exposed by an In
vestigation by the Police
Commission.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, March 22. — For
some time past it seems to have been
the custom in the Los Angeles Police
Department for a few members of the
detective force to cause the arrest of
parties on suspicion and to lock them
up at the City Jail without giving the
suspected persons an opportunity to
communicate with their friends or at
torneys. This practice has been car
ried far beyond reasonable lines, and
to-day the Police Commission institut
ed an investigation which clearly dem
onstrated that James Gillott, a plas
tering contractor, had been made the
victim of a police outrage.
Gillott was taking some lumber from
a house at about 9 o'clock in the even
ing. He was passing by the house
with his wagon, en route home. Spe
cial Officer Foster arrested him, and
despite his explanation that Contractor
Thomas Brown had given him the
privilege of taking the lumber, Gillott
was taken to the station and locked up
for the night. His family was not no
tified and no effort was made to verify
his story.
The next morning he asked for per
mission to send for Attorney Meyers
and this privilege was denied him. He
was told by the jailor that the only at
torney he could send for was Hugh
Crawford. He accordingly sent for
Crawford and agreed to pay him $25 to
obtain his release, $10 of which was ta
ken from money he had on his person
at the time of his arrest.
In the meantime Gillott's friends
were looking for him, and, finding" him
at the station, obtained his release.
Crawford, whom he did not want for
an attorney, retained the $10, for which
he had rendered no service.
All these facts were brought out at
the Police Commission investigation
to-day and created quite a sensation.
Chief of Police Glass endeavored to
defend the accused officers, and the re
sult was a warm argument between
Mayor Snyder, Police Commissioner
Wyman and Chief Glass. The matter
is not ended yet, and may result in
some change in the personnel of both
the Police Commission and the depart
ment, as the sentiment against Siberi
an police methods in Los Angeles is
pronounced.
CHILD STUMBLES
INTO A BONFIRE
Life of a Nine- Year-Old Port
land Girl Goes Out in
Flames.
Two Little Tots Play With a Blaze
and. One Receives Fatal
Burns.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND. March 22.— Little Grade
Crow, a 9-year-old girl, who lives In
Graceland.in the southeastern part of the
city, to-day fell into a bonfire which she
and her little brother had built, and
before help could be summoned received
burns from which she died.
The child had been sick and unable to
attend school, but her parents, thinking
the air would be good for her, sent her
out into the yard to play with her 5-year
old brother. After playing about for some
time., the children set fire to an old tar
barrel, and in high glee at the bright
blaze, piled on everything inllammable
they could find.
While engaged in this occupation Grade
went too near the fire, and, becoming
frightened, stumbled and fell. The blaze
communicated to her clothing, and when
she finally managed to scramble to her
feet and run screaming to the house she
was a mass of flames. By the time she
reached the house her dress was com
pletely burned ort, and she fainted with
agony. Blankets were wrapped around
her and the flames were put out, but the
poor child was past help, and died in a
few minutes.
GOLD EXTRACTED
FROM SEA WATER.
Bullion Distilled at Lubec, Me., For-
warded to the United States
Assay Office.
NEW YORK, March 22.— G01d worth
$509 61 and fifty-eight ounces of silver,
worth about $32, were the result of an
assay of bullion sent to the United States
assay office last week by the Electrolytic
Marine Salts Company of North Lubec,
Me,, which extracted it from sea water.
The bullion showed fineness of .317% gold
and .634 silver, the rest being some base
metal. Superintendent Mason of the as
say office said three years ago while he
was on the Pacific Coast the United
States Assayer at San Francisco, John
W. Peck, told him he had been experi
menting with water from the Pacific
Ocean and had found that a ton of sea
water contained about 4 cents In gold.
On that basis it would take about 15.000
tons of sea water to produce the bullion
forwarded by the Electrolytic Marine.
Salts Company.
PASO ROBLES EDITOR
IN JAIL FOR LIBEL
He Voluntarily Surrenders Himself
When There Is No Need of
His Doing So.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, March 22.— 5. D.
Merk, editor of the Paso Robles Record,
was held to-day for criminal libel by Jus
tice of the Peace C. 11. Arnold of Paso
Robles. Merk printed an article which
Attorney P. O. Chilstrom took as insinu
ating dishonesty on his part in handling
funds collected for a client. Upon being
held Merk wanted to have the case de
cided at once and came here and surren
dered himself to the Sheriff, and then
had his attorney apply for a writ of
habeas corpus on the grounds that the
evidence at the examination did not war
rant holding him for libel. Superior
Judge Unangst failed to so decide and
Merk is left in a jail into which he
walked of his own accord. Judge Un
angst may relase the prisoner to-morrow.
WEDDING TRIP AWHEEL.
Novel Honeymoon Excursion of an
Auburn Couple.
AUBURN, March 22.— M. C. MacLen
nan and Miss Carrie Somers, two of Au
burn's most popular young people, were
married yesterday. Their honeymoon
trip is a novel one: They are now on
their way to Santa Cruz on bicycles.
AGED COUPLE
DIE IN FIRE
Horrible Fate of James
Thompson and Wife,
of Fresno.
Their Charred Bodies Found
the Remains of Their
Dwelling.
Neighbor Arrives Before the Woman
Is Dead but, Is Driven Back
by Flames.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, March 22.— Mr. and Mrs.
James Thompson, an aged couple, were
burned to death to-night in their home,
a rough, board shanty on Kern and B
streets. When the fire was finally ex
tinguished the remains of the old peo
ple were founu on the charred floor of
the dwelling. The woman lay in a cor
ner of the house, beside the front door,
through which she had evidently tried
to get out of the burning building. Her
husband lay a few feet from her,
stretched on his back. -Ul fiesh was
burned from the head, leaving only
the charred, crumbling skull.
Coroner Long was summoned and ar
rived after the fire had been extin
guished. The bodies were buried be
neath the debris of burned timbers and
furniture and were with great diffi
culty removed from the house.
The fire started shortly after 10:30
o'clock and the flames shot up through
the roof of the shanty, which burned
like tinder. Paul Giannoni, who lives
about a block away, was the lirst to
see the blaze. He ran to the burning
building and fired his pistol twice to
attract the attention of the people of
the neighborhood. The reports of the
shots brought Carl Barnett, who lives
on Inyo street, and Fred Brown, a
colored boy, to the house. It did not
occur to him at first that any one was
in the building and his first thought
was to save a buggy which was close
to the house. They wheeled that away,
and then one of them suggested that
there might possibly be some children
in the house and concluded to knock
In the door. Barnett kicked it in and
saw the woman lying close to the door.
She might have become suffocated by
smoke and fallen there, but Barnett
afterward said that he did not think
she was dead at that time. He took
hold of her by the feet and tried to
pull her from the building. Just then
a volume of flames rushed through the
opening, and Barnett had to flee to
save his life, leaving the unfortunate
woman to her terrible fate. He saw
the old man lying on the tloor also, but
it was Impossible to rescue him.
It is impossible to say how the fire
started, but it Is believed that the
couple were in a helpless condition from
liquor and on that account could not
escape from the building. The neigh
bors say that at 10 o'clock a lamp was
seen burning dmly in the front part <rf
the house, and It is possible that th»;
fire resulted from an explosion.
Thompson was a United States pen
sioner and got his money several days
ago. Since then he had been drinking
heavily, and his wife aiso had been
drinking. She was seen to bring a bot-**
tie of wine to the house this afternoon,
and nothing more was seen of either
herself or her husband.
The old couple went about gathering
rags, and often were so much under
the influence of liquor that they could
hardly maintain their seat on the wa
gon. It is evident that they had been
sitting around a stove, and it is
thought the woman's dress might have
caught fire from the stove while she
was in a stupor.
After the fire a number of trunks,
valises and boxes which were saved
were searched and were found to be
filled with sacks containing all sorts of
wearing apparel. Lace curtains, shirts
and underwear were stuffed together
in sacks, which were placed in trunks
or valises. The old couple evidently
made a business of robbing clothes
lines. For some time the officers have
been receiving complaints of clothes
lines being robbed, but have been un
able to catch the thieves.
EDITOR FISKE IS
HELD FOR LIBEL
Must Answer for the Statements
Published About the Theatrical
Syndicate.
NEW YORK. March 22.— Before Judge
Slmma, in Jefferson Market Court to-day,
Harrison Grey Fiske was held for gen
eral sessions on two distinct charges of
criminal libel, brought against him by the
so-called theatrical syndicate composed
of Al Hayman and Charles Frohman,
Klaw & Erl anger and Nixon & Zimmer
man.
The charges were based upon articles In
two supplements of the Dramatic Mirror,
issued by him through the United States
mails after the American News Company
had refused to allow him to publish this
matter in the regular issue of his paper.
Al Hayman, in speaking of {he matter to
night, said: "Don't you think it is about
time a halt was called upon the license
indulged in by some lawyers in question
ing witnesses? In the case just ended
before Judge Simms interrogatories were
propounded to witnesses of a most scur
rilous nature without the slightest foun
dation for them, and in spite of the fact
that they were objected to and objections
sustained their purpose was successful,
for in Rome instances the questions found
their way to print, which is all they were
asked for. It seems to me that this ten
dency on the part of some lawyers is cer
tain to bring the most noble profession
in the world into disrepute."
WILL SOON GIVE UP
THE PREMIERSHIP.
However, Lord Salisbury Intends to
Remain in the Cabinet, but
Without a Portfolio.
Copyrighted. IK9S. by James Gordon Bennett.
LONDON, March 22.— 1 have a high and
reliable authority for statins that at the
Cabinet council hastily summoned yes
terday the question of Lord Salisbury's
resignation of the premiership was men
tioned. It is believed that Lord Salis
bury now desires to free himself from
the immense responsibility of office and
only awaits the convenience of his col
leagues for his resignation to be handed
in. An announcement may therefore
shortly be looked for that the Duke of
Devonshire has become the head of the
Government, Lord Salisbury remaining In
the Cabinet without a portfolio.
MAYOR PHELAN NOW A
UNIVERSITY REGENT.
Has Been Appointed by Governor
Budd to Succeed George T.
Marye.
SACRAMENTO, March 22.— Governor
Budd to-day appointed Mayor Phelan a
member of the Board of Regents of the
University of California, vice George T.
Marye, term expired. J. West Martin
was appointed to succeed himself. Both
appointments are for a period, <?J sixteen
. years» , _ j
FROSTS AND
DRY WINDS
Reports From Orchard
and Field Are Yet
Discouraging.
Crops Spared by the Cold Wave
Are Destroyed by
Drough'..
Fruit a Total Loss in Some Portions
of the San Joaquin
Valley.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SACRAMENTO. March 22. — The
frost was not severe here this morning,
owing to the prevalence of a strong
dry wind from the north. It seems to
be an open question as to which has
the worse effect on crops — the frost or
the dry winds. While the latter pre
vail the frost is held back. There is
no doubt that all crops — fruit, grain
and vegetables — have suffered severely
this past week from trosis and north
winds.
SAN JOSE. March 22.— The orchard
ists and farmers of this locality still
entertain hopes for good crops, al
though the weather has not been of the
best. According to late reports from
different parts of the county no fruit
seems to have been affected by the
recent frosts except apricots, and the
damage to them has been slight and
only in low localities. Moderate show
ers during the next three weeks will
insure average crops.
SANTA CRUZ, March 22.— Santa
Cruz experienced the heaviest gale to
day for many years. It exceeded that
of ten days ago. A number of chim
neys and trees were blown down. The
terra cotta tiling of the Courthouse
tower was loosened and some were
blown to the pavement below.
FRESNO, March 22.— Reports vary
regarding the damage done by frost in
this locality, but the facts summed up
In a general way make it a certainty
that the bulk of the apricot, nectarine
and almond crop have been destroyed,
while peaches of some varieties are
badly damaged and others are but
little hurt. Pears, apples and prunes
seemed to be damaged but little.
STOCKTON, March 22.— The fruit
raisers of San Joaquin County lost
most of their crops by the earlier frosts
and that of last night did no damage.
The succeeding frosts in the reclaimed
sections have so cut down the grass
that farmers fear they will not raise
crops unless more rain and warmer
weather comes very soon.
On Roberts Island, which is the
large district on which wheat and bar
ley crops were expected, the grain has
been cut down by frosts and is flat.
On the lower division there is sufficient
moisture to produce crops if the grain
has not been killed by the cold, but the
center sections of the island are very
dry and the grain could not recover
from the frost without plenty of rain,
and there is no present Indication of a
sprinkle. On the yplands in the north
ern and norteastern sections of the
country the grain crops are good and
will yield well, but the fruit is lost.
L,OS ANGELES, March 22.— The crop
bulletin for Southern California for the
week ending March 21, prepared by Ob
server Franklin, is as follows:
Unseasonably cold weather prevailed
during the past week, with rain on the
17th anil l^th. which was generally light
in the northern sections and moderately
heavy in the southern portions, where
snow fell quite heavily In the mountains.
Grain and pasture were benefited by the
rain, except in localities where the pre
cipitation was light and followed by dry
ing winds. The prospects were improved
for moderate crops of grain and hay. but
rain is still neeaed in many sections to
assure these crops. The cold weather
retarded the growth of vegetation. Frosts
were frequent during the week, and re
ports show that In some localities dam
age resulted; in others none. In some
sections fruit buds, vegetables and tender
vegetation were injured; in others little
if any damage occurred, while some re
ports state that no injurious results oc
curred from frosts. Irrigating orchards
continues. Sugar-beet planting has
begun.
PALO ALTO HORSES SOLD.
Harness Animals Disposed Of at
Auction in New York.
NEW YORK, March 22. — A consignment
of racers from the Palo Alto stock farm
were sold at auction at Madison Square
Garden to-day. Adbeel, the world's
yearling champion trotter, with a record
of 2:23, brought the top price of the day.
Following is a partial list of sales:
Adbeel, 2:30, trotter. 93, by Advertiser-
Beautiful Bells, to Suburban Stock Farm,
Glen Falls, N. V.. $3000.
Hallingto, 2:16%. trotter, 89, by Hal
dane-Lily Lexington, to J. Connors, New
York city, $1250.
Salome, trotter, 95, by Whips-Sonnet, to
Nathan Strauss, New York city, $600.
Fleuretta, trotter, 96, by Dexter Prince-
Wildfiower, to J. C. McCoy, Kirkwood,
Del., $675.
Tom Craig, trotter, 96, by Electrite-
Lady May, to C. W. Lewis, New York
cltv. $925.
Astolfo. 2:29V4, trotter, 93. b. & by Elec
trite-Modesty, to Dr. James Tanner,
Cleveland, Ohio, $1150.
Keepsake, 2:29 Vi, trotter, 91, by Monoc
acy-Novia, to Fred H. Kels, New York
city, $850.
Belle West. IS9O. 2:10 U. by Double
stroke-Belle, by Westwoon. to J. M. Mc-
Guire. New York city, $660.
Major Ross. 1890, 2:16%., by Anteros-
Blanche H. by Blue Bull, to C. W. Las
cell, Whitmansville. Mass, $1075.
SACKING OF THE
METHODIST MISSION.
Chinese Militia Befuses to Allow
the Execution of the Murderer
of a Student.
SHANGHAI, March 22.— Further tele
grams from Chung King Fu regarding
the sacking of the Methodist Medical
Mission In the Kiang Pehi country show
that the Chinese militia Is now there In
large force and refuses to allow the exe
cution of the death sentence passed upon
the murderer of the student who was
killed by the rioters who destroyed the
mission, as announced in these dis
patches on March 16. Trie foreign con
suls now demand that the Taotai disperse
the militia, execute the murderer, arrest
the leaders of the rioters, pay 500.000 taels
for the property destroyed, allow the
mission to reoccupy its premises and en
gage to protect the members of the mis
sion.
Gladstone's Farewell Journey.
HAWARDEN, March 22.— Mr. Glad
stone, who bore the Journey well, has ar
rived at Hawarden. Along the whole
route special precautions were taken to
avoid demonstrations when passing sta
tions. Everywhere it was regarded as his
last journey and his words on entering
the train at Bournemouth are taken as an
expression of his farewell to the public.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
Iht fie- y? ■
THE NEW YORK HERALD
WILL PROTECT ITS NEWS
NEW YORK March 22.— The Herald to-morrow will have the following
editorial: "In the Herald of February 27 it was stated that the
Herald's news was at the disposal of any paper fair and square
enough to give credit. That statement has been made use of by cer
tain papers published in the Far West who have been In the habit of
telegraphing the Herald's morning news and printing it in their edi
tions of the same morning, as justifying that practice. The permission
given by the Herald had no reference to any such proceeding. The tnett
of news from a morning paper to be printed the same morning in a
rival sheet is a shabby practice. The Herald's special news is pro
tected by copyright, and is sold to newspapers in the West. The
Herald purposes to protect Itself and the papers to whom it sells its
news against the action of rival papers who buy an early copy of the
Herald and telegraph its news to their home office in time for their
morning edition. To this practice we must decidedly object. What we
meant to say in the article of February last was that newspapers fair
enough to give credit were welcome to reprint the news the next af
ternoon and following morning."
RIGHTS OF WAY FOR
IRRIGATION DITCHES.
Amendments Made to the Bill Cause
the Measure to Be Returned
to the Senate.
WASHINGTON. March 22.— A hill was
recently passed by the House amending
the statute relating to rights of way for
irrigation ditches through public lands so
as to include water for domestic pur
poses as well as for mining and manu
facturing. The bill was then further
amended In the Senate so as to provide
that no water should be taken out of
streams to the detriment of the interests
below.
Members of the House Committee were
disinclined to accept this amendment, so,
upon motion of Teller of Colorado, a reso
lution was passed to-day directing the
House to return the bill to the Senate.
Teller says it will now be passed in that
body Just as it came from the House.
This will allow the right of way over
public lands for ditches conveying water
for domestic as well as mining and manu
facturing purposes. San Diego people are
greatly interested in the passage of this
bill. _
RANDALL AND MURRAY
ARE HELD FOR PERJURY.
Former Bankers of Eureka Offer No
Defense at Their Preliminary
Hearing.
EUREKA, March 22.— 1n conformity
with an authorization from the last Grand
Jury District Attorney Burnel filed a
criminal complaint with Justice Baldwin
In the name of the people, charging A. W.
Randall and J. S. Murray with perjury
in having sworn to a false statement to
the Bank Commissioners on June 17, 1595,
ADVERTISEMENTS. ___________
MRS. PINKHAM TALKS ABOUT OVABITIS.
Letter from Mrs. Carrie F. Tremper that all Suffering Women Should
Bead.
Ovaritis or inflammation of the ovaries may result, from sudden stopping of
____^^B£Ssi^^ *b e monthly flow, from inflammation of the
___f^ - - 11 JaLj^^^V. womb, and many other causes. The
Jsf^P TmPSeJ. I rV slightest indication of trouble with the
/f\\\L 1 1 1 1 lffSy'^v_i_J^ ovaries should claim your instant
r riV " ~ 1 1 1 " ~jKSr'^^fc^toHlV attention. It will not cure itself, and
.JC-X -- ■ ' -j-^^. ?J^ga~ -\ a hospital operation with all its ter- .
, J^^L^ C t- ~ j --Mm s*r^«fc*rT^rEy~ "t\ rors ma y easily result from neglect.
Tivm^Ss S^///Ht ' i wQ^^U^eir AX The fullest counsel on this sub-
\ \3kl-V / / /'■ 1 1 I l\\ V^*»3" \** J ect can k e secure without cost by
l\ Hi /\ V\ VifflSl A writing to Mrs Pinkham, at Lynn,
< S^Z-^Es£#-A ■it 'A. •\'\^^^~^ Mass.. and asking for her advice.
: Vt^^^"^^ Your letter will be confidential
vii jy^^S^^t^^wf- " " an( seen h y women only.
'"^/ v^sSSEr}^ 8 T3 Mrs. Carrie F. Tremper, Lake, Ind.,
( '^■'v^ I -- whose letter we print, is only one of
/ tliilu V------ -- many that have been cured of ovarian
/ t 1 -- troubles by Lydia E. Pinkham's Veg-e-
V ---- - I' "" table Compound.
> /HB»/>""I" il v^^ "Dear Mrs. Pinkham: — -was
4V^ / /^|Kv >[ " '!' <CrS*>^^ suffering from congestion of the
a &V v^ws\k I 2^3Jk^^ ovaries, misplacement of the womb,
I \jßrt \ 7>f|JvK\ irregular, scanty," and painful
i HI y,\ if \l\|v menstruation, also kidney trouble.
» ____ HOB / I ' I had let it go on until I could not
*"~ iGflm sit up, and could not straighten my left
ttSl leg. My physician gave me relief, but
HMj - -=, failed to cure me. Reading the testl-
/!^^l monials of different women, telling what
/ {JlSMpt Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound had
' done for them, I decided to give it a trial ; I
had almost given up hopes, as I had suffered
untold agony. The first dose helped me. And now, after using eight bottles of
Vegetable Compound, one bottle of Blood Purifier, one box of Liver Pills,
I am proud to say I am as well as I ever was. I might have saved a large
doctor's bill and much suffering, had I tried your precious medicine in the
beginning of my sickness. All in the village know I was not expected to live,
when I had the first and second attacks. In fact, I had no hope until I begaa
taking your Vegetable Compound. It has saved my life."
A Million Women Have Been Benefited by Mrs. Pink ham* s Ad vice and Medicine
Next time you make a voyage take a
Ripans Tabule after dinner for three or
four days before sailing, and continue the
practice on board ship till you get your sea
legs on. The chances are you'll not be
seasick at all, and if you are, the attack will
mot last over the third day.
as to the condition of the Randall Bank
ing Company, now defunct, on that date.
In the statement given to the Commis
sioners it was reported that the State,
city and county money on deposit aggre
gated $16,899 03. while, in fact, it Is al
leged, the municipal funds of Eureka
then on deposit amounted to $23,117 67.
The preliminary examination was held
this evening. The. defendants put in na
defense. They were held to answer be
fore the Superior Court under bonds of
$1003.
QUARANTINE LINE
MAY BE EXTENDED.
Senator Stewart Withdraws His Op-
position and Will Back Up Hep
bron's Application.
WASHINGTON, March 22.— The Secre
tary of Agriculture still has under con
sideration the matter of extending
further south the quarantine line in Cali
fornia. m „ , .
Senator Stewart of Nevada, who was at
first opposed to this action owing to a
misapprehension, is now willing to join
Mr ilebbron in his petition, and will ac
company him on a visit to Secretary Wil
son to-morrow.
DEMAND BETTER PAY.
SANTA BARBARA, March 22.— C. D.
Vincent of San Francisco, who got th«
contract for laying pipe for the city's
new water system, is experiencing trouble
in engaging laborers. He offered fifteen
rents an Hour for a ten-hour day's work.
The laborers at first demanded $2 a day
of eight hours' work, that being the rate
paid by the city. Vincent refused, say
ing he would bring men from San Fran
cisco. This aroused the local workmen,
who held a mass-meeting, deciding to
work for $1 75 for nine hours' work. For
tv-flve men went out to work to-day, but
were induced to quit by the men who aro
demanding $1 75 a day.THE CITY
A VICTIM OF
FAST METERS
City Hall Machines Tested
With Most Startling
Results.
Charged Exorbitant Rates for Elec=
tricity That Has Never Been
Consumed.
HOW COMPETITION IS CHOKED.
**3io l>id •.> il l l>e received or enteriniiictl tVom parties
nho estimate on any contingent event, or >» ho t'iiunot
comply -\vitli or hho are not prepared or qualified to
arry out the terms and conditions herein imposed."
There are more ways than one of
skinning a cat.
There are also a multiplicity of ways
of performing the same operation on
the city treasury, some of which sur
gical feats are well known to the San
Francisco Gas and Electric Company.
One of these has just been discovered
by Mayor Phelan, who is at present en
gaged in considering the best plan to
pursue to put a stop to this municipal
skin-grafting.
It is the familiar story of quick-con
sumption meters— a story made fa
miliar to the public by the investiga
tions of The Call during the past three
days.
Two weeks ago Mayor Phelan be
came convinced, from what he had
learned from private consumers, that
it would not be out of place to have the
electric watt meters in the City Hall
tested by experts independently of the
employes of the company furnishing
the light. There are fourteen meters in
use at the City Hall, and securing the
services of two men whose business it
is to test meters, the Mayor instructed
them to proceed with the work.
Going to that {tart of the basement
where the meters are located, an un
expected obstacle presented itself to
the expeTts in the shape of a wooden
barrier built for the express purpose of
preventing the object the Mayor had
in view. This barrier effectually shut
off all view of the meters, but a door,
fastened with a padlock, provided em
ployes of the company with a means of
reaching them.
The experts were instructed to force
an entrance and proceed with their
work, which they did by forcing the
fastening: to the door. It required some
t!m>' to teat the fourteen meters, but
when the task was accomplished the
result was as surprising as it could well
be.
Two of the fourteen meters were
found to be slow one of them 20 per
pent, due to the fact that it had not
been cleaned for some time, and the
large quantity of dirt that had sifted
r, into it more than offset the current
I' passing through it. One meter was
found to be correct, that is it was with
in one per cent of correct, which is as
as they can be made to register.
The other eleven were rast; some of
them a trifle, such as 3 or 4 per cent,
but others were a great deal more,
reaching as hi~h as 20 per cent,
and one — the champion of the lot — took
the purse by going the distance of 50
per cent faster than a well regulated
meter could.
How long this ingenious sneak thief
has been charging up 50 per cent more
electricity than the city has used on
that circuit, nobody knows, but its fel
18 career will probably soon be cut
short, Mayor Phelan has the report of
the two experts in his hands now, but
what action he will take has not yet
has been determined.
It is possible the San Francisco Gas
and Electric Company had no knowl
edge of the dishonest worK of its me
ters, but, if so, why did it per-k to pre
vent an independent test by erectin-*
that barrier around thorn?
< hoe's <]oubts are raised, however,
when the terms of the contract the
company has with the city are thor
oughly understood. And that very con
tract proves the statement at the be
ginning of this article that there are
more ways than one of depleting the
treasury. The dishonest meters are
shown to be one way; the price charged
the city by the company in question is
another.
Two years ago the Edison Light and
Power Company (since absorbed by
the San Francisco Gas and Electric
Company) was awarded the contract!
for lighting public buildings with elec- j
tricity, at the rate of 11 cents per 1000
watts. At the same time the same
company was supplying private con
sumers at rates, in some instances, as
as f>V 2 cents per 1000 watts.
Rut those rates were only made in
Bections of the city where competition j
entered the field. Before bidding I
on the city contract, care was taken \
that no competing company could, by j
any possibility, carry out the terms of '
the contract. This was done through
the instrumentality of the Board of
Supervisors then in office, which in- |
serted the following bit of humor In the
proposals inviting bids:
"No bid will be received or enter
tained from parties who estimate on J
any contingent event, or cannot com- :
ply with, or who are not prepared or I
qualified to carry out the terms and
conditions therein imposed."
The contract was to go into effect
May 1, 1896, but on one pretext or an- :
other the board delayed action until
!<>ng in April, and it was only about ten |
days before that date that the con- |
tract was awarded, and therein waa se- .
■1 the joker.
The Edison Company, or, as it is now
n, the San Francisco Gas and
Electric Company, was the only cor- ;
poration in the- city prepared to enter
Upon the terms of the contract at so
Bhort notice. There were other electric !
light companies, with facilities fully
capable of supplying the required
amount of light, but they were new in j
id of competition, and their linos
did not cover the entire city, as did
those of the big concern, and it would |
have been impossible for any of them |
to extend their service to the outlying
districts in the intervening time, even
had the board not prevented them from .
bidding by the insertion of the little
Joker. That bit of pleasantry is worth i
reading the second' time. It may crop
up in the proposals for bids that will j
be issued next month.
With that "cinch" on the contract the
Edison Company put in its bid of
11 cents and got the Job, of course. At
the same time it was supplying the
Palace Hotel at the rate of 5V£ cents.
But the city is not the only consumer
that suffers at the hands of this cor
poration. Private individuals are
charged whatever rate the company
sees fit to name — that is, where there
is no competition. Down town the rate
varies to a surprising extent. Where
the Mutual and other companies have
their wires the big company has re
duced its rate as low as 5Vi cents, a
number of consumers nnying those
rates, while two blocks away the pre
vailing price may be 10, 12 or even 15
cents per thousand watts.
Take for example, on Kearny street,
only a block from the Palace, certain
big merchants, by threatening to pa
tronize the opposition, have had the
price cut to 8 cents and have entered
into contracts with the .big company at
that figure. Other merchants, who
have not kept so well informed on the
subject, are charged 9 or 10 cents. On
Market street, the rates vary from 6
cents up. The Pabst Cafe is one of
the extra favored consumers that got
in on the 5% cent rate, though its
neighbors, two or three blocks away,
are paying anywhere from 7 to 15 cents.
In the residence districts, where the
big company holds full sway, and there
is no likelihood of competition for years
to come, there is only one rate — 20 cents
a thousand watts.
And yet it costs to furnish electricity,
including manufacture, service and all,
3^2 cents per thousand watts, at the
extreme outside figure. Such an exten
sive concern as the San Francisco Gas
and Electric Company undoubtedly
manufactures it at considerably less
than that.
It may strike the average citizen that
possessing such a golconda the com
i pany could afford to maintain honest
meters, but the average citizen, after
! all. has only a vague, indistinct idea of
a corporation's methods.
Reverting to the subject of the mu
nicipal contract for electric lights, the
present contract, which it is entirely
! safe to-~pn?sume the San Francisco Gas
and Electric Company has not been out
of pocket on, will expire the Ist of May,
or that portion of it providing for the
lighting of public buildings; the con
tract for lighting the outside districts
with arc lamps will expire on August 1.
At least one of the opposition com
panies, the Mutual, is preparing to en
ter into competition for the contract for
the ensuing two years, and with that
object in view it presented a petition
to the Board of Supervisors January
31 asking to be granted the right to
"erect and maintain poles along the
public streets and thoroughfares
of the city and place light
and power wires thereon,' the
work to be done under the su
pervision and to the satisfaction of the
superintendent of the fire alarm and
police telegraph and of the Superinten
dent of Public Streets."
The petition concludes with the fol
lowing pledge of the company to save
the city $40,000 a year if it is permitted
to enter into competition for the public
lighting. All it asks is to be allowed to
extend its wires to the outside districts
and fire houses:
If your honorable body will grant to it
exactly the same privileges for electric
lighting in San Francisco as arc- now pos
sessed by what was formerly known as the
Edison Light and Power Company, but
now known as tho San Francisco Gas and
Electric Company, it will furnish for the
term of two years, eommencinf on Afey
1. 1898, the same amount of incandescent
light supplied in exactly the same public
buildings as at present furnished -and sup
plied the city of San Francisco by the
above company; and it will also furnish,
the same number of arc lights as at
present, of the same candle-power, burn-
Ing the same number of hours and placed
in substantially the same localities, for j
two years from the Ist day of August,
IS9B. at a net cost to tho city of $40,000 per
year less than trie amount the city is now
paying for exactly the same electric
service- the payments to be maue monthly
as now. It being understood that the
undersigned shall have the same pnv
| ileges now granted to or possessed by tho
; said Edison Light and Power Company
1 and its successors, namely, the San i ran
' cisco Gas and Electric Company.
And the undersigned further proposes
to furnish the citizens of S^n Francisco
with electric light for private use along
and upon all the streets of said city
wherein its wires run for a price of at
; least 25 per cent less than what the said
\ citiztns of said city are now paying to the
San Francisco Gas and Electric Company,
I it being understood that all the privileges
! and facilities now possessed by or granted
to the said San Francisco Gas and Elec
! trie Company shaJl be possessed by and
granted to the undersigned.
MUTUAL ELECTRIC LIGHT COM-;
pjv'y
' W. R. SoMMERHATES,
Vioe-Presldont and General Manager.
JAS. FISHEK, Secretary.
This patition was referred to the
i Committee on Streets and by it held
until March 10, at which time the
committee reported adversely to the
granting of the order. On March 14 the
Board of Supervisors adopted the re
port, thus refusing the Mutual Elec
tric Light Company the same privilege
now enjoyed exclusively by the San
Francisco Gas and Electric Company,
and showing a decided Inclination to
follow in the footsteps of the former
board and continue to choke off oppo-
S This can be more fully determined if
that joker in the proposal above
quoted appears in the new call for
bids. . ,
The Mutual company, however, is de
termined to extend its nerrlee, which
at present it is unable to do except by
laying its wires underground, even if
it has to carry the matter into the
courts. The company's ofilcials assert
that the San Francisco company has
not been granted a franchise to erect
poles and run wires along the streets,
but that it has done so at will without
molestation, and they demand the same
privilege.
Hitherto it has been the custom of
the Supervisors to withhold the publi
cation of the notice of proposals for
bids for light until about ten days be
fore the new contract would become
operative. It is, therefore, an utter
impossibility fur any company to comp
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 2,3, 1898.
ly with the conditions imposed by the
Joker referred to, except the San Fran
cisco Gas and Electric Light Company.
The San Francisco Company having
had a monopoly in lighting the
city so far. in addition to the material
increase in revenue derived from its
erratic meters, it appears to be about
time for the Supervisors to give com
peting companies a chance to bid at
least on the contract.
They Will Play for Charity.
A benefit concert will be given to-mor
row evening by Alma Stencel and Lau
rence Strelitz, two young local pianists,
at Sherman, Clay & Co. Hall, under the
auspices of Mrs. Strelitz-Davis, in aid
of the Children's Hospital. The pro
gramme to be rendered is aa follows:
Sonata for two pianos (Mozart), allegro con
spliito, Laurence Strelitz, Alma Btencel; tenor
solo. "Serenade" (Hembersr), Frank Coffin;
piano solo (a) "The Two Skylarks" (Leschet
izky), ib) waltz, _E minor (Chopin). Alma
Stencel: 'cello solo (a) "Berceuse (Godard), (b)
Alia (Lottl). Harry Strelitz; "Capriccio Brtl
liante" i Mendelssohn). Alma Stencel, accom
panied by second piano, Laurence Strelitz;
tenor solo. "Live Song" (Bmith), Frank Coffin;
piano bolo (a) "Nocturne" tßeinecke). (b)
"Scarf Dance" (Chaminade), Laurence Strelitz;
trio, violin, 'cello and piano (Carte), allegro
anlmato, allegro molto vivace, Samuel Savan
nah, Karry Strelitz and Mrs. Strelitz-Davis.
Ninth Symphony Concert.
The ninth concert of the San Francisco
Symphony Society (Fritz Scheel. director)
will take place to-morrow afternoon.
Manager Albert marks announces the
following programme: Overture, "Julius
Caesar" (Schumann); violoncello concerto.
A minor, op. 33 (Saint Saens), Ernest
Lent; Symphony 2, D major (Brahms);
"Rhapsodic Erotique" (Ernest Lent),
string orchestra, horn and harp, under
direction of the composer; vorspiel, "Die
Meistersinger" (Warner).
p ree _O ne month's treatment "Our New
Method Cure." Asthma cured to stay cured.
Dr. Gordin. M 4 P!ne street. San Francisco.
Steamship Company Sued.
The Meyerstein Company commenced
suit yesterday against the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company to recover $2000, the
value of goods shipped to Juneau which
never arrived there.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK — Sailed — Lahn, Bremen; Georgic,
Liverpool.
X Wl.F.S— Arrived— Burpundv, New York.
PHlLADELPHlA— Arrived— waeslond, Liver
pool.
A HARD TOWN TO TOUCH.
Heart of Adamant Turned Toward the Suppli
cations of a Specious Tramp.
"Frisco is the hardest town to touch
have ever found. Last night I tried t
give them work, but it didn't go.. All
gut for my pains was "move on,' 'get ou
o' the way,' 'take a tumble on yourself
and a few other such greetings that d
not make the heart glad."
That is the verdict of Tom Peasles
tramp of "1492." On a wag>-r he play.
the traveler of the dust-laden roads wit'
urban interpolations, not on the stag
but on two of the most crowded thor
oughfares of this city. It was a Questio
whether the stage tramp would lose him
self in his shreds and patches and delud
the keenest of men, hotel clerks and ba
attaches, or appear no other than thi
specious article whose individualit;
could not be concealed by his clothes.
This is Peasley's story of a tramp ad
venture:
"Monday night I fixed up as a bum am
went the rounds. I entered the Columbli
Cafe at the back entrance, walked dowi
the long alleyway, when up I bangei
against a waiter. He said something
ought not to say, which wound up with
•Where in 'd you come from?' I onl;
wanted a drink, and I asked him for it
He didn't have a responsive soul, but hi:
foot was all right. I dodged him and go
out in the bar, and, oh, my! what i
lunch! I was beginning to feel my part
and just then the barkeeper began to fee
for me. He came up softly find whis
pereti in 'my ear that there was a fellow
outside who wanted to see me. I kep
right on eating; that is, until he grabber
me and threw me out.
"Out in the cold north wind I went
The crowd gave me the laugh and the
glassy eye. Outside there w;ts Johnnj
McCahill and Frank O'Brien, two fellows
I know well. I braced them for a dime
mumbling something about bed, eat anc
drink not for a year. They said, 'No
ADVERTISEMENTS. -.
ft® db Oh «Sfe «& «S> «S> #jft>^#^ " * ii a& d^ jis h#>^ cS> <& «& «sr
«#p w
Ak Cf>
jjy Absolutely the best preparation of its kind. I»
•V ygg^ ■ Unapproachable for. purity and fine flavor. \x
•? §5^ It never spoils nor wastes. VV
*£ ip^^M Genuine bears signature \Z^^ t§*
mt> ■ Isiilll of Justus yon - Licbig :y? "^^y^ <?0« ■
>ft a "^SgggSBP gaud address for free Cook Book to IJebl* Co., P. O. Box 3718, New York, vj*
CONVENTION
IS CLOSED
Work of the Truth So
ciety During the Past
Year.
Father Yorke Speaks of the
Bright Prospects of the
Future.
The Society Will Again Convene the
Last Part of the Present
Year.
"I think that all is possible to those
who place their trust in God— there was
never anything begun in the world that
did not look dark at the beginning."
The above word 3by Father Yorke
brought the annual convention of the
Catholic Truth Society to an end last
evening at Metropolitan Temple. The
eminent preacher outlined the successful
work of the society accomplished in the
past year and upheld the great principles
upon which the organization rests— to
spread and disseminate Catholic doctrine
and belief among Catholics as well as
non-Catholics.
Among the work to be attempted the
coming year the paramount effort will be
directed toward assisting the Paulist
community in establishing a sailors'
home on Mission street, which will be
equipped and provided with literature of
all kinds of a standard as well as ephem
eral nature. The amount . necessary for
the erection of • the home is estimated at
$1000. This amount, with but a small
fraction lacking, is in the treasury of the
society, but it is hoped that in the near
future the entire amount may be raised.
It 'was originally intended that the ex
old chap, we ain't got it.' Then Cahill
saw my face, and he was surprised into
saying, 'Well, I'll be if it isn't old
Peasley out on a drunk.' Now I have
never been urunk in my life, and this is
the first time I ever did this act.
"Well, after that I pulled my lid down
on my head and started out for the hotel
across the street. Two 'pikers' were at
the counter registering and I brushed in
between them asking for a room. Well.
the icebergs ! have had thrown at me on
the stage arn't a marker to the reception
that the Baldwin clerk gave me. I was
told the rooms were full. That provoked
me. I showed him the money and want
( 1 to know if I was a nigger. He didn't
have time to reply to that. The hotel
watchman and a 'cop' came up and es
corted me out through the Market street
entrance. Nothing to eat and no place
to sleep.
•■After that I rolled up Powell street,
touching everything that came along on
legs. Two or three people forgot them-
Belves and were about to shell out, but
they looked again, and all I got was 'get
out!' One fair-faced maiden I nearly
stumbled over showed that underneath
ber spangles and her necklace was what
the poets call compassion. She told me
that she was so sorry, V>ut she hadn't a
5-cent piece, or she would have given it
to me. 1 touched everybody, but couldn't
hit the charm. In a saloon where I am
known they threw me out, and, after I
1 had donned my street clothes, I went in ]
to tell them about it, and they said I;
. was a glittering success as a colossal |
2 liar. My last adventure was with a cop- I
f per. I flashed him and begged him to ■
3 whistle up his wagon and take me with \
, him, and by all that's holy, he yelled, '
1 'Move on, yer bum!' and I let it pass at !
, that."
pense would be defrayed by the Paulist
priests themselves, "but this Father
Yorke, as the head and representative of
the Truth Society, refuses to allow and
will award the necessary money from the
treasury of the organization. It is hoped
that in the coming year reading rooms of
th:s character may be established in all
parts of the city for the instruction and
pastime of young men wishing to go
somewhere to pass their evenings and
who at present are from the lack of this
advantage compelled to frequent low re
sorts as the only possible means of
aniusement. It is the purpose of the so
ciety to have the rooms accessible for
both Catholics and non-Catholics.
"We have those outside our church,"
said Father Yorke, "as well as those
within it who must be redeemed. We
have to save them and unless we try at
least to save them their blood is upon
our heads."
The convention was opened by Frank
J. Pierce, who delivered the introductory
address. This address was followed by a
paper on the subject of "How to Use
Tracts," which was read by Father Pow
ers and afterward discussed by J. J. Ler-
nan.
The essay on the mental attitude of
non-Gatholics toward the Catholic church, |
written by Judge E. W. McKinatry, was
an eloquent discussion on the hostility la
tent and expressed which non-C.atholics
express toward those of the true faith.
Mr. McKinstry stated that the hostility
existed generally in those who occupied
pulpits. The treatise was read by Father
Yorke, as Judge McKinstry was unable
to auend, and was discussed by Rev. C.
A. Ryan.
Father Ryan in his exposition of the ;
subject attacked the question of early j
prejudice against the church and Catho- >
lies generally, and the traditional'preju
dices which had been handed down to !
the modern non-Catholic mind. He traced j
the bigotry of the middle ages from the i
time of Elizabeth and Mary, and spoke of
the absurdity of Protestants holding tho
Catholics of the present day responsible
for what was done then with a flue refer- |
ence to the bigoted reign of Protestant |
Elizabeth, a daughter of the same much- j
married King who also claimed Mary as
his daughter. Setting aside the early
reigns of kings and princes, he traced the
subject to the present day and showed
the existing ideas modern non-Catholics
have of Catholicism.
The discussion, although based upon a
motive of seriousness, however afforded
many opportunities for the eloquent. l
speaker to engage in flashes of wit, in
expounding the idea of the Protestant
conception of the Catholic ritual and its j
teachings.
The convention was closed by. the sing
ing of a hymn by the entire congregation.
An annual meeting of the society will
be held toward the end of the present,
year and reports of the money received
into the organization during the year and
the work done will be forwarded.
The influx of new members into the j
society during the past year exceeded the
most "sanguine expectations of Father
Yorke.
Contesting His Wife's Will.
The contest over the probabing of tha
will of the late Mrs. Angelina R. Scott
was begun yrinerday before Judge Cof
fey. The decedent left an estate valued
at about $500,000, and in her will practic
ally disinherited her husband. The con
testant, E. W. Scott, claims that his wife
at the time she made the will was not of
sound or disposing mind. There is quite
an array of legal talent interested in the
contest and the trial promises to be stub
bornly fought.
The first witness called yesterday was
Mrs. Annie Ogilvie, a seamstress, who
testified that Mrs. Scott was unwarrant
edly jealous of her husband and in ad
dressing him used language that is not
generally heard in family circles. She at
times acted as if her mind was affected.
The conclusion drawn by the witness
from the actions and language of the de
cedent was that she was not sane for
several years prior to her death.
The trial will be resumed to-day, wHen
additional testimony will be produced to
show that Mrs. Scott was not of sound
or disposing- mind when the will was
drawn.
NEWSPAPER THIEVES.
A reward of $10 is offered for the
arrest and conviction of any person
caught stealing copies of this paper
from the doors of subscribers.
Kenichi Will Be Given Up.
I'nited States Commissioner Heacock
yesterday prepared his report on the
] case of Oyama Kenichi, whose extradi
j tionon a charge of forgery is requested
' by the Japanese Government.' The report
I is to the effect that Kenichi should be de
■■ livered to the Japanese authorities. It
■ will be forwarded to the Secretary of
State.
Thomas D. Riordan. counsel for the
prisoner, made a desperate light t«j pre
vent the extradition of his client. He
asked for permission yesterday to file
with the report a deposition tending to
show that the prisoner was guilty of ob
taining money by false pretenses, and
was not guilty of forgery. Permission
was granted.
ADVEHTISEMENTS.
sentfreeWmen
The State Medical Institute Discovers a
Remarkable Remedy for Lost
Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
Free* samples of a most remarkable
remedy are being distributed by the State
Medical Institute, Fort Wayne, Ind. It
cured so many men who had battled for
years against the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the insti-
tute h.as decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It is a home
treatment and all men who suffer with
any form of sexual weakness resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varico-
cele, or emaciation of parts can now cure
! themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
I effect of warmth and seems to act direct
'■ to the desired location giving strength
1 pnd development just where it is needed.
: It cures all the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the natural
functions and has been an absolute suc-
i cess In all cases. A request to the State
I Medical Institute. 193 First National Bank
i Building. Fort Wayne, Ind., stating that
! you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will bo complied with. The institute
I is dosirous of reaching that great class
' of men who are unable to leave home to
■ he treated and the free sample will en-
! able them to see how easy it is to be
1 cured of sexual weakness when the
1 proper remedies are employed. The in-
stitute makes no restrictions. Any man
' who writes will be sent a free sample.
! carefully sealed in a plain paok.ipre so
that its recipient need have no fear of
' embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
i requested to wrlfa without delay.
| RAILROAD TRAVEL. |
THE SAN FRANCISCO & SAN JOAQUIN !
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
' From Septemtwr 10. 1897. trains will run *«
follows: ■ •, __
"Southbound. I I Northbound,
Paßsea- Mixed j statlona . i Mixed Paas^
eer Sunday :OM: OM " uua> : Sunday per
Dally- Exc'p'td : Excp'td ,' Dally. !
7JO a.m. 9:00 a.m. Stockton 3:45 p.m. 5:40 p.m. i
' 8:10 a.m. 12:50 p.m. Merced 12:50 p.m. 8:53 p.m. T
10:40 a.m. ".' 8:60 p.m. Fresno . J:SO a.m. 2:20 p.m |
11:40 a.m. 6:20 p.m. HanforJ ■ .-.45 a.m. r 1:15 p.m I
12:15 p.m. 6:45 p.m. Visalla 6:40 a.m. 12:40 p.tu {
-. Stopping at intermediate lnta wueu required
■ Connections— At . Stockton with steamboats at
C. N. : & I. : Co., . leaving . San Francisco : and
Stockton at $ ' p. -s m. daily; : at Merced '. with
stages to and from Snellings, Coultervllle. etc.
also with state i for. Hornltos. Mariposa. etc.;
: at Lankersblm with stage to and from Madera.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
From San l rancisco. Commencing September
,-; li», 1597. r
WEKK DATS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »3:JO,
11:30 a. m. ; n:45. 3:45. «5:15." 6:00, .'8:30 p. m.
Extra trips . for San Rafael on Mondays.
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
\ - . , ,- '--■.• i SUNDAYS. ->»v : *\, .-....• :.--.:-. : '
For Mill Valley and San . Rafael— 'B:oo. '■■• *l9.vMt
■ •ll:E0 a. m.:»l:15. 3:00, *4:30, 6:15 p. m.
'/■=: Trains marked i • run to San Quentin. "
:,; THROUGH TRAINS. .-.
?:I6 a. m. week days for Cazadero and way sta-
. , ■. tions; 1:46 p. • m. Saturdays (mixed train) for
Duncan - Mills and * way. stations; 8:00 -a. ra.
:/- ■voters lor Point Keyes and way station*, k
"' ■■.•.:.....■-. .■.-....■■-.■"■ - ■. - • :-. - - mill iiiimiW ~
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Kidney and Uric Acid Troubles Quickly Cured.
You May Have a Sample Bottle of the Great Discovery,
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, Sent Free by Mail.
Men and women doctor their troubles !
so eften witftout benefit that they get j
discouraged and skeptical. In most :
such cases serious mistakes are made ;
in doctoring and in not knowing what
our trouble is or what makes us sick.
The unmistakable "evidences of kidney
trouble are pain or dull ache in the
back, too frequent desire to pass water,
scanty supply,, smarting irritation. As
kidney disease advances the face looks
sallow or pale, puffs or dark circles
under the eyes, the feet swell and
sometimes the heart acts badly. Should
further evidence be needed to find out
the cause of sickness, then se* urine
aside for twenty-four hours; if there
is a sediment or settling it is also con- !
vinclng proof that our kidneys and
bladder need doctoring. A fact often
overlooked is that women suffer as
much from kidney and bladder trouble •
as men do.
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root is the dis-
covery of the eminent physician and
scientist and is not recommended for
everything, but will be found just what
la needed in cases of kidney and blad- !
! . DIRECTORY OF
iJii '. * TRANSPORTATION-Continued.
TRAVELERS TO DAWSON
\^ Jkr^SfflS--' Via DYEA and SKAGUAT oar. arrange to
f*Vtf? S \v«\§S^ctP have their provisions sent via St. Michael
l^lakk Tsw^B__-B» anc * l^ e u!ion River, by applying to
il/F^M ALASKA-YUKON
i^^^^^P TRANSPORTATION CO., •
/^l vSKTrSSi 3 STEUART ST " San Francisco, Cal.
/// ' ,)^r I^^ California-Alaska Navigation & Commercial Co.,
I'lfij-o'T Will dispatch their elegant new ocean steamer
l,i'/j y (now building), for Daw-son City, via St.
' ' » Michael, about June 1. Fare, $300; 150 pounds
— — ■ ' baggage free.
TRANSPORTATION. • Freight 10 cents per pound.
iiiC£!xi~i£iCLi!xi-U — Their powerful new river steamer (QUEEN
_____ , -.„, OF THE YUKON) draws only 2 feet loaded.
ITAT7ERIiE CHIIIM!) MINlNfi AND ■■ with a speed of 15 miles per hour, and elec-
KUitLUtC MUJlll/ lllliill'U AIMJ trie lighted throughout. Send for pamphlet
-~ , ___._ __ and map of gold fields, free. Also steamers
TRADING CO. toJDvea and Skaguay.
FOR Kotzebue Sound— The bark J. A. Falken-
burg will sail on or about May 10, 1»98. Fare,
Including 2aW pounds baggage or freight. $200.
Passengers will apply early to LYNDE &
HOUGH CO., 40 California st.. San Francisco,
or to A. H. Herriman, general manager, 201
Front St., San Francisco.
Union S. & Transportation Co.
TO KOTZEBUE SOUND, ST. MICHAEL,
COPPER RIVER, DYEA AND
SKAGUAY.
For passage and freight apply to
UNION SHIPPING AND TRANSPORTA-
TION COMPANY, 21 Market street.
BIRCH Creek district; now nearly deserted
owins to lack of food; larger and Just as rich
as Klondike; produced about J6.000.W0; 1500 x
100 feet; our new modern steamer. Alice
Rix. stops there golnp to Dawson City; our
bock free. Alaska Transportation Co., 224
Montgomery st.. opp. Russ House.
KATLBOAD TBAVEL.
■Ol'illKlO fACIFIC COJirAJTT.' . ,
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.) . : I
Trnlna lenye ami are «lue to nrrlv* *■
SAN FKAMCIWCO. :r,: r , =, r ' ' : ' *
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street) t -
OUTI ■ — From January 1. 1898. — aemti
"»6:OOa Niks, San Jose and Way Stations. . . *Ss43a
• 7:00 a lienicia. Solatia and Sacramento. . . . 10:43 a >
7:0 0 a MarysTilie. OroTilleand Redding Tia •
Woodland 5 ,2*
7:OOa Yacaville and Rumsey 8:43? i i
7 :3Oa Martinez. San Haraon.Vallelo.Napa, - .
CalUtoga and Santa Rosa i! 1 ! 5 ' I ■
B>ooa Atlantic Express, Ogilon and Mast.. 8:43 i« i
»iU«a Nilcs, San Jose. Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Marysville, i Chico,
Tehamaandßetlllliiff 4jl»p I
•»:30a Peters, Milton and Oakdale »7«S3p
SiOOa New Orleans K*pre: :i. Merced. Ray-
mond, l'reono, UakerslieM, Santa -
Jiarliara, l.os Angeles, Deining,
' ''■'■' >.--' El Paso, New Orleans and East. «:43p.
9:»OAVallejQ. Martinez. Merced and
Fresno I*'* 3 *
•I:OOp Sacramento ltiver Steamers 111* 1 . 1 ?*
' l;OOr San Joso aud Way Stations.. S IS A 1
l>;tor Martinez and Way Stations 7:43r
2:00p Livermore, MendoU, lianford and
Viealia.... * l 15 -' '
LiTermorc. San Jose. Nilosand Way mmm _ M
Stations •-•• X»«H*Sm .
" 4>O«r Marline/., Han - lUni.-n. VAllejo. ..
Nnpa, Oallgtoga, Xl Veru.no and
Sftiitaßosa..- ••»».»
4i**r Benicia, VacavU'e, Woodland.
Knights landing, MorysTllle. Oro- ;
Tllle ami hHcrniuento 'xB*?*x 8 *?*
4iSOp Niles. San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7«15p <
4:SOp Lathrop, Modesto, Merced, Bcrocd*. ;
Fresco, Mojavo {for Randsburg),
Santa ISarbara and l.;« Angeles.. 7i43a
4i:tor HauU Fo Keute. A tlautlo Kxpreu
foe Mojavo Mid lOust ............. «:4B? ■
%S:3oe "Sunse* Limited." Los Angeles, El .
Voso. Fort Worth. Little lU)ck, St.
Louis, Chicago and East ..810:13a
4TS:3op " Sunset Limited Annex." El Paao, _ . '
New Orleans and East ............ |10jI3a I
6:««r Kuropeun Mall, Og.l«n and Hast.... 9:43 a
OjOOi- ll»y>v»i(l» : Nik-auiid San Jose. .>..., 7:45 a -
J»:OOr Vallejo t7:45p
: ft:00»Or<"Kou lOxpiof»,SacrttmoiiU>, Marys- ,
'.-JLeilditie, Portland. Pnget -
..SounilaiHl i:a«t 8:13 a
' SAN LKANIUm AMU lIAVWAUUS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.) _
"T^GsOOaT '■ ■ • ~~ ' ( ■ 7:13 a
S:OOa MrlroKe, Seminary Park, 'Jo43A
iS ! oSa HtH.l,ur(r, Klmliurst, JlM**
,11:OOa ] San L«*ndro, South Sab ' * 2l l**
1I2:«OM I lieMdro? l>ta.lillo, {13%
<it:6i»P Lor«>to, Cherry ■! ** 1 i? T
4. OOp <3:4jf
0:»0p ' * nd 6:J.">r
..a;, n*,w.r^ :- 2i«'
«t:OO? i nn<i» through to Nile*. iSllop
ut «:OO^ ;FroulNiles ,
COAST 111 VISION (Narrow «a«gc).
(Foot of Market Street.) ■
»;:».■» A Newark. Ccnlervillo.Sun.loßo.lfelton. .
Ho<ilderOreek,SauUCru2andWay _
5tati0n5......:.............:..-.- •••»■•»■
■ail Newark, Centerville. San Jose, New
Aliiiaden, FcHon, ltonldcr Crack,
Santa Crux ami Principal Way •
5tati0n5.;............ •••••" 1 2 ! 25 4
«il3r Newark, San Jose and Los Gatoi ... »:»0i
tIl:4."Jp Hunters' Excursion, SaD Jose and ' ■
. :■•.:■•■ Way Stations... :..;.. ....... t'&°'_
CREEK ROUTE FERRY. ;
rr»mSiB FRINCISCO— Foot of Market Street Slip 8)—
•7:15 >. ." 9:00 1I:00a.u. Jl:00 '3:00 t3:00
' •1.;3 ' ,; ; 13:30 ; ; *6:00r.M. . - .;.. ... :
mm 04IUND— Foot ofßr«ihir»T.— "C:00 8:00 10:00 A.M.
i : tl3:00 ;; *l:00 t8:00 *3:00 ti:o3. '3:00
COAST 111 VISION (Broad Oauge)
(Third and Tow nacnd St».) - - ■_
«i3sa San Joso and Way SUtious (New ■_-■ -~
Aluiaden Wednesdays 0n1y)....... «:»O*
•(••a Sau Joee. 'J'rus Pinou, Santa Cruz,-
l'acilic <;rove. Paso Kublcs, San "
J,ulßjObispo.Guadalupe, Surf and '
Principal Way Stations .......... 4tlsf
1O:4Oa San Joso ni.d Way 5tati0n5......... * Sti l? 1
' !H:3Oa Son Jose «n.l Way Stations ....... 'SiB3a
. *2iaur San Mat>M>. Redwood, Menlo Park, .
Santa Clara, .San Jose, Gllroy,
' Holllster, - Sauta . Cruz, Salinaa. '
Monterey and Pacific <3r0ve...... # lOi4Oa
•*:lsp San Jose and Principal Way Stations »9:OOa
Sau Jose ami Principal Way Stations 9:45*
•3:00p San Joee and Principal Way Stations 1:: JO»
.' 5:30p San .lose and Principal Way SUtiona 5:80r
- 6:SOr San Jose aud Way Stations... 7:20p :
111:4r,i- San Jose ami Way 5Uti0u5......... 7:80?
■ 'A for Morning. ■-; ■•■■■■.: -• P for Afternoon. --- •-.
•Bunrtavs eicepted. -,, I Sundays ODly. \ t Saturdays only. !
*■ ♦ ! Monday, Thursday and Saturday night* only.
' *H Mondays and Thursdays. ' ..
_J Weiiuotidai* and butiuOjuv i
■ . . ■ ■ ■• '.
der disorders or troubles due to uric
acid and weak kidneys, such as catarrh
of the bladder, gravel, rheumatism and
Bright's Disease, which is the worst
form of kidney trouble. It corrects in-
ability to hold urine and smarting in
passing it, and promptly overcomes
that unpleasant necessity of being
compelled to get up many times during
the night.
The mild and the extraordinary effect
of this great remedy is soon realized.
It stands the highest for its wonderful
cures. Sold by druggists, price fifty
cents and one dollar. So universally
successful is Swamp-Root in quickly
curing even the most distressing cases,
that to Prove its wonderful merit you
may have a sample bottle and a book
of valuable information, both sent ab-
solutely free by mail, upon receipt of
three two-cent stamps to cover cost of
postage on the bottle. Mention the San
Francisco Daily Call and send yourad-
dress to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamton,
N. Y. This generous offer appearing in
this paper is a guarantee of genuine-
ness.
V GAS ENGINES. •
UNION GAS ENGINE GO.
339 HOWARD STREET.
GASOLINE ENGINES and LAUNCHES
P. & B. PRODUCTS.
P. & B. BUILDING PAPER and P. & B.
READY ROOFING, sold by all first-class deal-
ers, are clean, odorless, of great strength, rea-
sonable in price and easy to transport. They
keep heat, cold, dampness and dust out of
buildings; are particularly adapted to Alaskan
trade, PARAFFINE PAINT CO., 116 Battery
st. Tel. No.. Main 1763. _____^____
SLEDS. BOATS, ETC.
ARCTIC sleds. Arctic dona, Yukon boats,
pilot maps to the Klondike. Alaska outfits,
steam launches and stern-wheel steamers, with ,
boilers suitable to burn wood; 50 boats can be
seen at salesroom. G. W. KNEASS. 71S Third
st. 'Phone Red 2351. .. • -.
BAILBOAD TBAVEL.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL..
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. : 13«.
; S:SO, 6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursday*— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at I:s*
' and 11:30 p. m.
DAYS— B:OO, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. SJH.
6:00, 6:20 p. m. . '
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:60, 9:20, 11:10 a. ra.s
'45, 8:40, 6:10 p. m. • Saturdays — Extra trip*
at 1:65 and 6:35 p. m. '
SUNDAYS— «:IO. 9:40. 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40. 1:44.
6:00. 6:25 p. m. ' „ \_ „
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Par*
same schedule as above.
Loave , r*rw A7rfvß.A 7 rfvB .
San Francisco. OetTiC San Francisco. .
Week I Sun- . rw.f.Un'ation f un * i Weei •
. Days. I days. Destination day - | day 3.
7:30 a.m. is :00a.m. ; Novato. ! 10:40 a.m. I 9:40a,m.
8:30 p.m. i»::«Ja.m. Fetaluma. ! (5:10 p.m. 10:23 a.m.
b:H)p.m. s:U)p.m. Santa Rosa. I 7:35 p.m. C :23p.m.
f '■ Fulton, ~ ■■■»'.
7 30a.m. Windsor, ■ l0:&a.(a.
Healdsbur?,
Lytton..
GeyservHie, i
7:30 p.m. 8:O0a.m. I Cloverdala i 7:35 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
i IHopland and I ■ • ■
I :aoft.m.!9-001i.m.l Ukiah. | 7:35 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
7:80 a.m. - ' Ul:2aa.m. .
S :ooa.m. Gnernevllle. 7:35 p.m.
8:30 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
V :30a.m. 3:00 a.m. Sonoma 10:40 a.m. 8:40 a.m.
and
6 ; 10p.m. 5:00 p.m. Glen Ellen. fi:lop.m. 6:22 p.m.
8:30 p.m. J :00p.m. Dastc P° L 7:30 p.m. 7:22 p.m.
- Stages connect at Santa Rosa (or Mark West
Springs; at Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hopland for
Highland Springs. Kelseyville, Soda Bar.
Lakeport and Bartlett Springs: at Uklan toe
Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes,
Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake. Pomp. Potter
Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Llerley's. Buck-
nell's Panhedrtn Heights. Hullvllle Boonvllle.
Orr-s Hot Springs, Mendoclno City. Fort
Brags Westport. Usa!. ...
Saturday. to Monday round-trip ticket* at r»-
< On d Sundays round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates. •
Ticket Offices— Market street. Chronicle
bU A wf'FOSTER. B. X. RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. A«t.
11l iiuuiiiiiiii _uB CALIFORNIA
WMIJEa
«^!S^H«a SAN FRANCISCO
jlE^gg^jJ CHICAGO.
Leaves San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
Carries first-class passengers only, but with-
out extra charge. .
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Drawing-Room Sleepers,
SH days to Chicago, 4^. . days -to 1 New York.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
Leaves daily at 4:30 p. m.. ; carrying ; Pullman
Palace and Pullman Tourist "Sleeping Cars on
fast time. Direct connect ton In Chicago and
Kansas City for all Eastern points. .;
s Trains arrive , and depart from Market-street
Ferry. ■ San Francisco ticket office. -644 Market
street, ■ Chronicle - building, t - Telephone • Main
1520. • Oakland - office. 1118 Broadway. - Sacra-
mento office. .201" J street. . San .Jose, 7 West
Santa. Clara street. : . . : cv-'.*:i« [
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
■',- (Via Sausallto Ferry).
" Leave San Francisco, commencing . Novem-
ber 13, 1897: r, ", r '■'- ■ ■.. ;,:••■■:-:.:.
Week Days — 9:30 a. m.. 1:45 p. m. ■ .
-> Sundays— B:oo, 10:00. 11:30 a. m.. 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from "-, Mill Valley, II.: -
THOii COOK :& : SON. AsenU. m Mark**
street, Baa i Francisco. : -
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY.
Silver a fraction firmer.
Wheat Futures still rising.
Wheat Freights dull.
Another advance In Barley and Oats.
Rye firmer 'and Corn dull.
Hay goes up again. Feedstuffs unchanged.
Beans and Seeds dull.
Potatoes and Vegetables lower.
Esgs higher. Cheese firmer.
Butter steady as a rule.
Poultry selling higher.
Severe damage to Fruit by frost.
Dried Fruit market dull.
Citrus Fruit dull and weak.
Provisions dull and weak.
Provisions weak and liull.
No further decline in Hides.
Wool and Hops dull.
Meat market unchanged.
Merchandise quotations about as before?
Coal in sufficient supply.
Flour advanced 20c all around.
EXPORTS AND IMPORTS OF GOLD AND
SILVER.
From a bulletin just received from tho Bu
reau of Statistics of the Trc.-t«ury Department,
the following fißuree regarding imports and ex
ports of the United States, of gold, silver, etc.,
for the eight months ending February, are ob
tained: Exports of gold coin and bullion,
J12.775.740; impnrt.s. J3fi.215.377; excess of lm
fiorts, $23.439.fi."7; exports of silver coin and bul
ion, T35.473.1n3 : Imports. $8,650,589; excess of ex
ports. $29,822,514.
EXPLANA-'TON.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top fig
ures at itation. !ndlc:..e maximum temperature
for the days; those underneath it. If any, the ;
amount nf rainfall, of melted snow In Inches
and hundredths during the past twelve hour*. :
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and is usur.lly accompanied
by fair weather; "low" refers to low pres
sure and Is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure is high In the Interior and low
■long the coast, and the isobars extend north
and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" is inclosed with Isobars of
narked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is Im
probable. With a "high" in the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Call- i
fornla coast, warmer weather may be expected
In summer and colder weather In winter. The
reverse of these condition* will produce an ;
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
fl2oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
PAN" FRANCISCO, March 22. 5 p. m.
Following are the rainfalls for the past
twenty-four hours and seasonal rainfalls to
date., as compared with those of the same datt
last season :
Past This Last
Stations — 14 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0 25.23 43.07
Red Bluff 0 12.08 22.71
Sacramento 0 8.a5 15. 51
San Francisco 0 7.52 20.86
Fresno 0 1.71 9-97
Snn Luis Obispo 0 5.45 20.11
Los Angeles 0 6.02 16.46
6-in Diego 0 3.82 11.60
Yuma 0 1.65 5.35
San Francisco temperature: Maximum, 59;
minimum. 44; mean. 62.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
The pressure has risen rapidly over the cen
tral Rocky Mountain region and westward to
the Pacific Ocean. Over Utah the pressure
has risen more than half an inch 'during the
past twenty-four hours. An area of low pres
sure appears to be developing over Northern
Montana.
The temperature has fallen over Utah and
Arizona. It has risen slowly on the Pacific
Slope and will continue to rise.
Heavy froets are likely to occur In Califor
nia Wednesday morning.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Idaho Falls, 30 miles per hour from
the south; Sacramento, 32 north; Yuma, 30
west. Dust storms are reported at San Luis
Obispo.
Forecasts made a.t San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight, March 23, 1S98:
Northern California — Fair Wednesday;
warmer In the interior; light northerly winds.
Heavy frosts In the morning.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday; warm
er in the Interior; light nort-herly winds.
Heavy frosts in the morning.
Nevada— Fair; warmer Wednesday.
Utah — Fair; warmer Wednesday.
Arizona— Fair Wednesday; warmer; heavy
frosts near I'hoenix in the morning.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Wednesday;
light northerly winds.
Special report from Mt. Tamalpais, taken at
S p. m. — Clear; wind northwest, S miles per
hour; temperature, 40: maximum temperature,
BO degrees. ALEXANDER McADTE.
I>ocal Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK, March 22.— Money on call, easy
at 1%@2 per cent; last. loan, 2 per cent; closed,
2 per cent. Prime mercantile paper, 4Vs@5V&
per cent. Sterling exchange, easier, with
actual business in bankers' bills at $4 84@4 S4V4
for demand, and at $4 S4>,i@4 84% for 60 days;
posted rates. $4 S2' 2 86%. Commercial bills,
$4 SO l /i'a4 80%. Silver certificates, 56@06%c. Bar
silver, 55% c. Mexican dollars, 45c. Govern
ment bonds, irregular. State bonds, dull. Rail
road bonds, weak. ' '
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. March 22.— Offerings to sell
not heavy in to-day's stock market ex
cept In a few stocks and Intermittently. But
the buying demand was at such a low ebb that
even the desultory offerings which were drib
bled upon the market drove prices downwarl
almost continuously. The result is srvn ii net
losses of between 2 and 3 points In a great
many of the standard railroad stocks and lewd-
Ing industrial specialties and of over three
points in the local traction specialties. During
the morning session there were evidences of
an attempt to support prices in a. few stocks,
due to the efforts of a large operator recently
returned to the street. There was also exten
sive covering by another of the largest opera
tors In the street who has recently been v per-
Bißlent seller. The slightest indication of a
rise in prices brought out such heavy offerings
all through the lift that the half-formed pur
pose apparent to bid up prices for t! c rest of
the day was abandoned. And apparently the
burst of animation in the Ilnal hour was due
to considerable short selling, as there was a
tendency to rally on covering Just before ihe
close, but this rally was so feeble that the
covering movement was given over and priced
fel) away to about the lowest at the clone.
The great bulk of dealings was In the grangers.
Union Pacific preferred, Sugar and r.he local
traction stocks. The railroad stock* w-ire af
fected by the reports of the blizzard in the
West. Sugar continued depressed on the be
lle* that tire company was on the verge of a
war for supremacy In the trade. But the shad
ow of the market was the development of the
Government's Cuban policy, In which all cir
cles feel certain a crisis Is now Imminent.
Evidently no one wants to buy stocks until this
question is settled. Another feature of the day
was a further announcement of gold engage
ment for import and a concurrent easing off
In exchange rates. It was felt yesterday that
the gold movement had probably come to an
end for the present, and thle was believed to
be due to a prospect of easier money rates,
now looked upon with favor by the speculative
community. According to this reasoning the
resumption to-day of the gold movement
might be regarded as an unfavorable factor,
thnugh the further influx of gold must be for
easier money, although it Is not the Index
that easy conditions have already arrived.
The dullness In the bond market was even
more pronounced than that in stocks, but the
losses were comparatively small. Total sales
$1,073,000.
United States fives were % higher, the old
fours coupons % higher and the seconds %
lower bid to-day.
Total sales of stocks to-day. 269.900 shares,
Including: Burlington, 29,225: L. & N 7950:
Manhattan. 17,650; Metropolitan Railway.
3940; Northern Pacific preferred, 14,So0: .Rock
Island. 8500: St. Paul. 31,364; Union Pacific,
18.925; American Tob-.cco, 17.638; Peoples Gas,
4650; Sugar, 60,950.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 10% St P & Om 65
Do pref ......:. 24% ' Do pref .. Kg
Baltimore & Ohio .16 SfP-M & M 1-7
Cnanda Pacific .. 80% So Pacific lo
Canada Southern. 45% So- Ry ■• <"*
Cent Pacific 12 Do pref ........ . 2j>,
Uhes <* Ohio 18 Texas & Pacific. »V* j
Chi & Alton 152 Union Pacific .... 45% i
Chi B& Q SS% UP D & G...... 7%
Chi & E 111...... 52 abash 6%.
C C C & St L.... 26% i Do pref ... 14%
C Do pref '.. ::::-82 Wheel &f& f L E 1%
D"l & Hudson.... 107 Do pref »%
Del L &U& U W ...... 145 i Express Companies-
Den & R.G.. 10% Adams Ex ....;.. 100
Do pref 42% American Ex .... US
' Erie (new) 12* United States .... «
Do Ist pref .... 33% Wells Fargo 114.
Ft Wayne 166 Miscellaneous-
Gt Nor pret ...... 148- A Cot Oil 16
! Hocking Val ...... . 5% I Do pref 66%
I Illinois Cent SS% Amn -Spirits 6%
Lake Trie & W... 12% Do prof 16%
I Do pref ........ 67 Am Tobacco 93^
Lake Shore 184 Do f pref 112 ,
Louis & Nash .... 46% People Gas 88% ,
Manhattan L .... 96% | Cons Gas 175%
Met St Rv 137% Com Cable Co 160
Mich Cent .".i .! 100 i Col F & 1r0n.... 17%
Minn & St L.... ■ i Do pref 78
Do Ist pref .... 82 , Gen Electric 31%
Mo Pacific 24 Illinois Steel ..... 45
Mobile & 0hi0... 26 Laclede. Gas 40
Mo X & T... 10% Lead 28-
Do pref 31% Do pref . 102
Chi Ind & L 7 Nat Lin Oil 15
Do pref 24 Or Imp Co 26
D J° Centra! ..... 90 Pacific Mat} ..•••2314
NY Central .... 108% 'Pullman Pal 168
N V Chi & St L.. 11% Silver Cert 56
Do Ist pref .... 63 Stand R & T 3%
Do 2d pref .... 29 Sugar .. y 115%
Nor West -11% ! Do pre? .105%
No Amer Co 5% T.C & Iron ISVi
No Pacific ....... 20% IT S Leather 5%
Do pref 59% Do pref 56
Ontario & W 14 ITS. Rubber ...... 16
Or R & Nay 40 •Do pref 63
Or Short Line ... 28 West Union 84%.
Pittsburg 168 Chi & N W 11SJ4
Reading 15% Do pref 172%
•Do Ist pref .... 37 St L& S W 4
Rock Island .... 81% j Do pref V>i
St L & S F....... 6% R G W 23
Do Ist pref .... 5" Do pref 64
Do 2d pref .... 24% Chi G W 10
St Paul 87% Haw Com C 0.... 30%
Do nref 144 I •
CLOSING BONDS.
US new 4s reg.. 121% ,N J C 55..... 111%
•Dd coup- 121% IN Carolina 65.... 125
Ug 4, .I. .. 109% Do 4s 102%
Do coup :, 111% No Pac lsts 116
Do 2ds 9S Do 3s oJV*
IT S-os reg 111% Do 4s 94 J-*
Do 5s coup .... 111% NTC4BL 45.. 103%
District 3.65s 116 Nor &W 6s 119
Ala class A 108% Northwstrn cons. 144
Do B 107 Do deb as US
Do C 9" O Nay lsts ....... IIS
Do Currency ... 97 O Nay. 4s 92%
! Atchison 4s 89% 0 S Line 6s tr.... 120
Do ad j 4s ...... 66% O S Line f.s 1r.... 99
! Can So 2ds 106% O Imp lsts tr.... 106
I Chi Term *s 81% Do 5s tr -••••;■• of
1C & Ohio 5a 114 Pacific 6s of ».. 103
! C H & D 4%5.... 104% Reading is 80%
; D & R G lsts.... 108% R G W lsts SO
D & R G 4s 89 SL& IM C 55.. 89
East Term lsts.. 105 SL& SF G 65.. 117
Erie Gen 4s 69% St P Con ........ 139%
F W & D lsts tr. 66% St P C & P lsts.. US
Gen Elec 5s 101 Do 5s 113%
GH& S A 65...." 102 So Ry 5s SS%
Do 2ds ..: 103 Stand R& T 65.. 52
H.& T C 5s .. 109 Term new set 35.. S3
Do con 6s 110 T&P L G lsts.. 99
lowa C lsts 110 Do Rg 2ds 30%
! Kan P Con tr.... 89%i0 P D & G lsts.. 53V,
! X- Pac Ist DD tr. 131^|Wab Ist 5s 16%
; La new cons 45.. 101 Do 2ds» 76
! L & N Uni 45.... 86 : W Shore 4s 107%
: Missouri 6s 100 Va Centuries 68
MX & T 2d5...... 58% Do deferred .... 4
Do 48 S8 UP pref 48%
NT y Centralists.. 116% Do 4s 90%
MINING STOCKS.
Ontario 2 60
Chollar :. 40 Ophlr 43
! Crown Point 12 Plymouth ' 08
; Con Cal & Va 75 Quicksilver ....... 1 00
> Dead wood ' 75 i . Dopref 2 00
i Gould & Curry.. 15 Sierra Nevada .. 100
Hale & Worcrs.. 115 Standard 160
i Hbmestake '...'.... 39 00 Union . Con .... — 27
Iron Silver 35 Yellow Jacket ... 25
i Mexican * 25 1
BOSTON.
BOSTON, March 22.— Atclrison. Topeka and
Santa Fe, lOa^lCS; Bell Telephone, 244; Chicago,
Burlington and Quincy, 88%; Mexican Central,
6; Oregon Short Line, 29; Boston and Mon
tana, 168V4; Butte and Boston, 20%; Parrott,
21^.
LONDON MARKETS.
NEW YORK, March 22.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stock
markets here continued quiet and dull to-day,
the only feature being the better tone and im
proved conditions on the Paris bourse and the
revival of French specialties, such as Rio
Tlnto copper and De Beers mines.
Americans are simply waiting on New York.
They closed weak. Brazils are better. The
demand for gold for New York Is less keei.,
in consequence of the rise in exchange.
The China loan Is going fairly well here and
was 'apparently well received in Berlin, where
the subscription list was closed at noon.
The new Union Pacific shares carried ovei
to-day for the special settlement on Thursday
showed a shortness of the Block, much of it
being taken up. Many of the differences to be
met on Thursday are, however, enormous and
assist In the present stagnation of Americans.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific, 84; Grand Trunk, 8. Bar
Sillver, steady, 25 13-16 d per ounce. Money,
2®2^ per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, March 22.— FLOUR— Receipts. |
25,397 barrels: exports, 17,262 barrels. Market |
quiet, but steady. L
WHEAT— Receipts, 148,000 bushels; exports.
441,976 bushels. Spot, firm; No. 2 red, $1 (H%
r. o. b. afloat to arrive. Options opened firm I
at l*@V*c advance and were strong with some
exceptions all day, closing %c net higher. The
advance resulted chiefly from a severe wave I
west affecting short interests in all markets.
March, Jl 03%@l 04, closed $rO3ft; May, $1 00%.
closed $1 COY
HOPS— Quiet; State, 1895 crop, 4S-6c; 1896 |
crop, 7®Bc; 1897 crop, 17@18c; Pacific Coast. I
1895 crop, 4<g>6c; 189t> crop, SQlOc; 1897 crop,
17@1S.
WOOL— Quiet.
PETROLEUM- Dull.
METALS — Nearly all departments showed |
decided steadiness, although business was lim- ]
lted to comparatively small proportions. Ac- |
cording to the Metal Exchange, Plgiron war- j
rants were very dull at $6 75 bid and $6 85 I
asked.
LAKE COPPER— Very quiet at $11 87% bid j
and Jl2 asked.
TlN— Steady at $14 30 bid and $14 40 asked.
■Sl'ELTEß— Steady at $4 25 bid and U35 !
asked.
LEAD— Firm at $3 72>4 bid and $3 80 asked. \
The firm that fixes the selling price for miners i
and Fmelters quotes Lead at $3 50.
COFFEE — Options opened firm, with April 5 I
points lower; other months unchanged; closed
dull at unchanged prices to 5 points lower. '
Sales, S'X) hags, including April. $4 95: Septem- j
ber, $5 35; October, $f> 40; November, $5 55; Feb- :
ruary, $5 CO. Spot — Rio, dull ; No. 7 Invoice, ;
sVic; No. 7 jobbing, 6c; mild, quiet; Cordova, '
SUGAR— Raw, barely steady; fair refining, i
2%e; centrifugal, fifi test. 4c; refined, quiet.
BUTTER- Receipts. 11.288 packages. Market i
quiet; Western creamery, 15@19c; Elgins, 19c;
factory. 12tfjl6c.
EOGS- Receipts, 19.400 packages. Market
quiet; State and Pennsylvania, 10%@llc; West
ern, 10% c.
DRIED FRUIT. -.'-*-
NEW YORK. March 22.— California Dried
Fruits, quiet and steady. •■ ■ t. . •
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, u@Bc;
prime wire tray, B?i@SV4c; wood dried j prime,
B%^B^c: choice. 8^«?9c; fancy, 9>£®loc. v . ,t
PRUNES—
APRICOTS— , DW7c; Moorpark, SVi@
lOHc- • • , . ••' .•■••:• ■• ■ .
PEACHES— s@9c; peeled, 12@15c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, March 22. — Wheat opened very
firm, though quiet and with advances In
everything. July started %c higher at 85H@
85% c and May %@Vic higher at *1 05@l 05^.
The cold wave predicted Monday had spread as
far south as Kansas, with freezing tempera
ture in many localities. The weather bureau
predicted that It would spread to Illinois and
Missouri and the anxiety on this score was In-
creased by the high temperatures ruling east
of ihe Missouri River and by the wet condi-
tion of the ground. In consequence there was
quite a good demand from shorts at the open-
Ing. The strength was especially noticeable
in May, as offerings were very scarce in that
delivery and a good deal of difficulty was
found in covering even moderate lines. The
price of May rose quite rapidly to $1 07, July
in the meantime advancing to 85% c. At those
figures there was freer realization by longs who
had taken property on the recent decline and
who seized the opportunity of making good
profits and prices slowly eased off. May to
$1 06\4 and July to Ss%e. Liverpool showed no
change at the opening, but closed slightly
lower. After the decline mentioned the mar
ket became exceptionally dull for a time, but
about 11 o'clock became strong again on some
unfavorable news regarding the California
crop. Heavy frosts were reported Jn that
State with great Injury to the crop, which
started buying again and prices advanced to
the former high marks. Selling against
"calls" caused another reaction. July declin
ing by noon to 85%<§-85%c. The dullness of trade
was caused mainly by the seriousness of Wash
ington reports in regard to the Cuban situa
tion, and the resulting- disinclination of traders
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 23, 1893.
to go deeply began to count against prices then
as support except from professionals was with- j
drawn. ■ Nevertheless little ■ selling pressure
was evidenced and after July had declined to
85%@85%c, covering by shorts started prices on .
the mend and strength was shown to the close.
July closed steady at SS%@S5%c. ■*■: May closed |
at Jl 06. „ ,
Corn "was quiet but ■ firm at a little over
yesterdays prices. Shorts covered all day. In
fluenced by i the bad weather and prospects |of
smaller receipts and by the strength of wheat;
selling was scattered. ...■•■ -
Oats were quite active early, but slow later.
There was some investment buying. The
weather- was an Influence.
The market ' for Provisions . was extremely
quiet. Trade was again restricted by the un
certainty of the outcome of the Cuban affair.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat. No. 2— „ „,
May .". ...105% 107 105 106
July.,.. :.~.-«55% , S6 85% 85%
Corn, No. 2—2 — .- - .
May .I .....29% 29% 29% 29%
July 30% 30% 30% 30%
September 31% 31% 31% 37% j
May 18 ..^ 0 :. . . ... 25% 26% . 25% 26% j
July 23% 23% 23% 23% I
Mess Pork, per bbl— • • •••"■; ■■-:■'■■■•--, ■ ' |
May ......!.:.. ....9 87% 9 92% 985 . 9 87%
July ......9 97% 9 97% 990 995
Lard, per 100 lbs— . . ,'v ■"
May • •■-•'• •• •• • • 610
July- ...:. .5 17% 5 17% 5 17% 5 17%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
May -. 605 5 07% 605 505
July 5 10 5 12% '6 10 6 12% j
Cash quotations were as follows: ■ Flour, i
weaker. 10<3>15c concessions, made; No. 2 red
Wheat,' $1 03; No. 2 Corn, 28%@28%c; No. 2 ,
Oats ; He; No. 2 white, f. o. b., 29%@32%c; No. j
3 white, f. o. b.. 25%@29c: No. 2 Rye. 49c: n No,
1 Flaxseed. *1 17%; Prime Timothy Seed.
$2 82%; Mess • Pork, per barrel. $9 Bi%@9 90;
Lard per 100 pounds, $5 07%<3>6 10; Short Rib
Sides', loose, »4 90@5 15; Dry Salted Shoulders,
boxed, 4%<flsc; Short Clear Sides, boxed, $5 25
@6 40; Whisky, distillers' finished goods, per
gallon. *1 19%. ■ ; • - * • ■
Articles— . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 45,000 , , 31.000
Wheat, bushels :. 199,000 - 223.000
Corn, bushels 286.000 186,000
Oats, bushels .......351,000 26n.000
Rye, bushels .....20,000' • 2.000
Barley, bushels ....: 77.000 34.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter j
market was steady; creameries, 13(??l.Sc; dairies, ]
10%(fi'16c. Cheese, quiet; B@S%c. Eggs, steady;
fresh, 9c. ' '.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS. ilG'.r^-;
' ■ Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— ■ Bushels. Bushels. |
Minneapolis .........109.200 81,650 j
Duluth 40.634 1.990
Milwaukee 37.060 26.300
Chicago 199.137. 222.974
Toledo 12.263 1.100 :
St. Louis ."..' 14,000 , 6.000 •
Detroit 1.285 . 2.6n8
Kansas City ....: 14.500 26.000
Totals 425.069 367.672
Tidewater— ;' ■• ,-.;•
Boston ;.... 34.912 ■ "
New-York .148.000 141.976
Philadelphia 6.955 4.110
Baltimore 66,584 132.000
New Orleans . 82.000 j
Totals 267.951 449,586 !
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— March. May.
Opening 63 10 59 75
Closing 63 20 59 70
Flour —
Opening ...29 05 27 «5
Closing 28 90 27 75
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
March. May. July. Sept. Dec. j
Opening 79%, 7 5 7% 66% 66%
Closing .....79% 74% 7% 66% 6 6
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, March 22.— CATTLE— in
cattle was only fair. . Fed Western cattle, $4 10
(go 10; Texas steers, £3 60@4 80; bulls, cows,
etc., $2 90@3 90; etockers and ■ feeders, Hfs\ 50.
HOGS— Were active and steady. Bulk, $3 90
@4; common, $.1 SC*g3 85; prime, $4@4-50.
SHEEP— Prices for sheep- and iambs were
unchanged with a fairly active demand. Com
mon to prime sheep, $3 73<g'4 75; chiefly *4 SS
04 65.
Receipts-Cattle, 2500; Hogs, 21,000; sheep,
1fi,500. KANS AS CITY.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. March 22.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts official, 4700 head natives; 400 head
Southern. Market, active; strung ti 10c high
er- medium beeves. $4 25(?4 75: cows and heif
ers. $2 U>@4 65; stockers and !e?ders. H s<"t
5 35; fed Westerns, $4<Ji4 60; Southern steers,
ti 1594 30.
{I i X ;s— Receipts, official, in, 500 head. Mar
ket frtmng to 5c higher; bulk of sales, $3 70
@3 S5; heavies and packers. $3 l(«riZ 90: mixed.
$3 70«3 90: lights. $3 CM 75; pigs. $3 25&S 65.
SHEEP— Receipts, official. 4200 head. Mar
ket active and strong to oc higher; Western
muttons. $41?4 50: yearlings, $4 50@4 75; West
ern lambs, $4 KQE 30.
OMAHA.
! OMAHA, March 22.— C A TTLE— Receipts, 3000.
Market, steady to 10c higher; native beef
steers, $3 RQS 20: Western steers, $3 75^4 75;
Texas steers, $3 2">fj4; cows and heifers, $3 lO®
4 25; canners, $2 25(fr'3: stockers and feeders.
$3 76@6 10; calves, $4 SCN&6 50; bullf", stags,
etc., $2 EOjBS IS.
HOOF— Receipts. 3W. Market, firmer; heavy,
$3 72Vi,fi3 85; mixed. $3 7501 80; light, $3 70@3 80;
bulk of sales. $3 lT,(!i3 KO.
SHEEP— Receipts, 7<V>o. Market, steady: fair
to choice natives, $3 70(g4 80; fair to choice
Westerns, $3 60®4 60; common and stock,
sheep, $3@4; lambs, $4 25@5 20.
DENVER.
DENVER. March 22.— CATTLE— Receipt*.
600. Market, steady to strong; beef steers,
$3 7K<S'4 40; cows, $i r di; feeders, freight paid to
river. WiH 75; stackers, freight paid, 1406;
bulls, stags, etc.. $2 2r.<&2 35.
HOGS— Receipts. 300. Market, steady to
firm; light packers, $3 80^3 BS, mixed, $3 70®
3 80; heavy, $3 65fi3 80.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1300. Market, steady:
good, fat muttons, $3 2f.fr4 30; lambs, $4 S<J@
6 25.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, March 22.— Consols. 111%: silver,
25 13-lfid: French rentes, 103f 45c.
LIVERPOOL, March 22— Wheat, dull: No.
1 standard California wheat, 38s; cargoes Walla
Walla wheat. 35s 6d; canroes off coast, very
little doing; cargoes on passage, quiet, steady;
English country markets, quiet; French eoun-
I try markets, quiet: Liverpool wheat, No. 1
.California, 7s 9d; wheat In Paris, firm; flour
In Paris, firm.
COTTON— Uplands, 31 l-32d.
CLOSING.
CORN— Spot American, new, quiet, 3s 4d;
March, quiet. 3s 3yfed; May, quiet, 3s» 2'id; July,
quiet, 3s 2^d.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, March 22.— Wheat firm and
I higher on. weaker freights and better milling
demand. Walla Walla, 75(?J76e; blue stem and
valley, 78c.
Cleared: Br stmr Commonwealth, for St.
Vincent with 166,490 bushels wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, March 22.— Wheat closed No. 1
! club, 75@76c; No. 1 bluestem, 78@79c.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, March 22.— Exchanges, $366,270;
1 balances, $92,968.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, March 22— The wool market this
week has been dull, and the demand 'has
dropped to almost nothing. The Territory
"Wools are undoubtedly the weakest on the list
from the fact ' that these wools are in large
supply. Fine medium and fine are selling at
about 45@46c; scoured and the medium about
42c.
Quotations: Territory wools, 16@lSc; Mon
tana nnp medium and fine scoured, 46fa47c;
staple. 48<f?5Oc; Utah, Wyoming, etc., fine med
ium and fine, 15@17c; scoured, 4f>(i?46c: staple,
48r; Australian, scoured basis, combing, super
fine, 70@73c; combing, good. Cs®6Sc; combing,
average, 62<ji)65c; Queensland, combing, 65c.
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON, March 22.— The Wool auction sales
I were continued to-day with a full attendance
of buyers. The tone of the sales was firm and
competition active. The offerings to-day
' aggregate 15.189 bales and included a lot of
Queensland and New South Wales Wool which
! was the best offered so far, and consisted
I chiefly of merinos. The offerings also Included
■ several very choice lots of greasy scoured.
! There was active competition between the
French and German buyers for merinos. Bet
ter scoureds were also sought after. Previous j
to the sale to-day 2X3 bales of sound and 2396
bales damaged China sheep Wool were sold,
| the former being taken by American buyers.
i Damaged skins numbering 1220 bales also sold
j Well. Following are the sales In detail:
New South Wales. S3O bales; scoured, 10d@
2? 2d: greasy, SV«iSUHtI.
Queensland. 1200 bales; scoured, 10d@ls 5%d;
! greasy, 6VA@loVfed.
Victoria, 3400 bales; Bcoured, 9M;d@ls 8d;
greasy, 6f??lld.
New 'Zealand, 1800 bales; scoured, sd@ls 2d;
greasy, 6U(5 9d.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, March 22.— T0-day's state
ment of the condition of the Treasury shows:
Available cash balance, gold re
serve, $171,175,960.
AVAILABLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK, March 22— Special cable and
j telegraphic dispatches to Bradstreefs covering
the principal points of accumulation indicate
j the following changes In the visible supplies, as
j compared with the preceding Saturday:
Wheat, United States and Canada, east of
I the Rocky Mountains, decrease, 1,597,000 hush
els; afloat and In Europe, decrease, 1,000,000;
world's supply, total, decrease, 2,597.000.
Corn, United States and Canada, east of the
Rocky Mountains, decrease, 180,000 bushels.
Oats, United States and Canada, east of the
Rocky Mountains, decrease, 336,000 bushels.
Among the more Important reductions not re
ported in the official visible supply statement
were the decreases of 304,000 bushels at New
Orleans; 133,000 at Chicago private elevators:
76,000 at Northwestern Interior elevators and
116.000 bushels at storage points In Manitoba
and Northwestern Ontario. The more Import
ant Increases are the gains of 32.000 bushels at
Portland. Me., and 45 000 bushels at Akron,
Ohio.
GREEN FRUIT SITUATION.
NEW YORK, March 22.— The Journal of
Commerce says: So far the freeze In Cali
fornia does not seem to have affected the
market for green fruits, because of the fact
that It will be some time yet before shipments
of 1898 crop can be made. It is expected, how
ever, that apricots, cherries and peaches will
be sent forward In much smaller quantities
than usual at the beginning of the season, but
as yet there is nothing definite upon which
to base such a conclusion outside of the re
ports of frosts which may be considered
biased. "The cry of wolf."' said one handler
of California fruits, "has been so often raised
that no one Is disposed to take it in earnest."
Another said: "Reports from California of
frost damage to crops are becoming as fre
quent as advices of the total failure of the
Delaware peach output and we are now In
clined to await absolute confirmation of these
reports before making contracts."
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — *4 82%
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 4 85
Sterling Cables — lo
New York Exchange, sight — 17%
Fine Sllverx. per ounce — 55%
Mexican Dollars — 46
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— The dry weather and
dubious crop prospects render freights very
inactive, and quotations are nominal at 22s 6d,
usual options. The chartered wheat fleet In
port has a registered tonnage of 20,900, against
12,000 tons on the same date last year; disen
gaged, 16,000 tons, against 91,400; on- the way
to this port, 189,000 tons, against 282,300.
WHEAT— The advance in prices drove ship
pers out of the market, and there Is nothing
of any consequence going on. This does not
stop futures from rising, for the north wind
now blowing all over the State Is drying things
up pretty last.
Tidewater quotations are as follows: $1 42^4
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 2ooo ctls,
$1 47; 2000, $1 474; 2000, $1 «%. December— 2ooo.
il 39; 4000. $1 3SH; 8000, $1 38%; SOOO, $1 38; 12,000,
$1 38«>i.
Second Session— December— l2.ooo ctls, $1 38%;
2000, $138%; 4000, $1 35%. May -4000, %H~t%;
2000, $1 47; 2000, $1 46%; 12.000, $1 46%.
Regular Morning Session— December— 22,ooo
ctls, $1 37%; 2UOO. $1 37^4; 22.000, $1 37U; 34.000,
$1 Z'%; 35.000, $1 37. May— 6ooo, $1 46%; 2000.
$1 46M,.
Afternoon Session— December— 4ooo ctle, $1 37;
12.000. $1 37»4: 14.000. $1 37%; 10.000, $1 37%; 8000,
$137%; 18.000, $137 H. May— 4ooo. $14fi I ,i; 2000,
$1 46*; 2000, $1 47; 18,000, $1 47Vi : 22,000, $1 47Vs-
BARLEY— The north wind continues and the
market goes up every day in sympathy.
Feed, $1 20<Wl 22^; Brewing, nominal..
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December— 2ooo
ctls $1 10; 8000. $1 10%; 2000, $1 10» ■ 12.000, $1 11.
May— l2.ooo, $1 20^; 10,000, $1 20; 4000, $1 19%.. '
Second Session— December— 2ooo ctls, $1 11;
2000 $1 11%; 4000, $1 11>»; 20.000, $1 12: 2000,
$1 12V4: 2000, $11214. May— lo,ooo, 120; 12, 'W0,
$1 tt%; 4000. $1 19%.
Regular Morning Session— December — »000 ctls,
$1 12- 2000 $1 12Mi: 2000, $1 1214. May— 6ooo.
$1 19«4; 10,000, $1 19.
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls,
$1 nvi; 2000. $1 11H: 2000. $1 11%; 2000, $1 12.
May— Booo. $1 18%; 4000, $1 18H.
OATS— The market has again gone up and Is
firm at the advance, with a good demand.
Fancy Feed. $1 32i^ per ctl; good to choice,
$1 2501 30; common, $1 2<Wl 22%; Surprise,
$1 2714 m 35: red. $1 35@1 45: gray, $1 80©l 22Vi;
milling, $1 22U<S1 2714 per ctl.
I CORN— This Is the dullest cereal on the list.
■ there being positively no demand of any con-
Ground yellow, $1 lOff 1 124 per ctl ; large
yellow $1 0614(9-1 10; white. $1 10@l 12>,4.
RYE— Strong at $1 10 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— SI 75f« 185 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
Flour has advanced 20c, with a fair demand
on looal and export account.
! FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
i $4 75^4 85; Bakers' extras, $4 5004 60 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
; lows usual discount to the trade: Graham
; Flour. $3 per I<"<> Ins: Rye Plow, IS 50 per luo:
Rice Flour. $5 75; Cornmeal, $2 25: extra cream
! Cornmeal. $3: Oatmeal, $3 SO: Oat Groats, $4:
'■ Hominy, $3 Wa3 30; Buckwheat Flour, $4;
i Cracked Wh<"et. S3 f.O: Farina. $4 ,j0; \\ hole
Whoat Flour $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). $0 2.)
f« 05; in sacks. $5 0-,*}:. 45; Pearl Barley. $4;
pllt Peas, $3 75; Green Peas, $4 25 per 100 lbs.
HAT AND FEEDBTUFFS.
Another ad\'ance In Hay Is noted. The north
wind will send values still higher if it keeps
up much- longer. The farther the season ad
vances the shorter the crop 'outlook becomes.
Feedstuffs remain unchanged.
BRAN— sl6^l6 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI«i22 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $24® 25 per
ton.; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $2S s<><g:29 50;
jobbing. $30: Coeoanut Cake. $21 50®22 L 0; Cot
tonseed Meal, $2SU:w per ton; Cornmeal, Wtp
24; Cracked Corn, $23 50@24 60; Chopped Feed,
$17<H18
HAY— (Ex-car in round lots>— Wheat, $19*5 23
per ton; Wheat and Oat, $IS®22; Oat, $17 600
19 60; Barley, 117019; compressed Wheat. $19W
22: compressed Oat. JI6H7IS; Alfalfa, $11@13;
stock. $12-fil3; Clover, $13® 14.
STRAW— 3s<fi4;>.: per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
The market is v*ry dull and neither Beans
nor Seeds show any change.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 80®2 90; Small Whites,
$1 50® 1 60; Large Whites. $1 50@l 65; Pinks,
$2 25 2 50; Reds. UOI 25; Blackeye. $2 40@2 50;
Butters, $1 40rg 1 60: Llmas, $2<(j2 m»; Pea, $1 40
'hi 56; KM Ki.huys, $2 25«g/2 5o j>er ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $2 75<g'3 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard, J2'a2 50; Flax. $2 35; Canary
Seed. 2%r»2\c iwr lb: Alfalfa. 3@6c; Rape,
2@2%c; Hemp, 3c; Timothy. tJ»C
DRIED PEAS— Mies, $1 40@l 65; Green, $1 60
1 90 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes are lower. Onions are unchanged.
Asparagus is weaker under increasing re
ceipts.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose, 50® 70c: River Reds.
50@60c; River liurbanks, 50(5 65c P* r sack; Ore
gon Burbanks, f>osißsc; Petaluma Burbanks.
6Qgp6Sc; Sweet Potatoes. 75c@$l for Merced;
new Potatoes, 2U@Jo per lb.
ONIONS— SI 7692 CO per ctl; cut onions, $1®
1 25 per sack.
VEGETABLES— Receipts were 676 boxes As
paragus, 341 boxes Rhubarb and 342 sks Peas.
Asparagus, 7@Bc per lb for fancy, sft 6c for
No. 1 and SG4C tor No. 2; Rhubarb, 75rfi$l 25
per box; Alnmeda Green Peas, 3<g'3Vic per lb;
Mushrooms are about out; Dried Peppers, 6!fj>
7c per lb; Dried Okra, 12% c; Cabbage, t;>;,iT.V
per ctl; Carrots, 25@60c per sack; Garlic. 5@
514 c per lb; Cucumbers, 50c@$l per dozen.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes, sliced raw, 12c per lb In lots of 25
lbs; sliced dessicated, 16(iil8c; granulated raw,
13c: Onions, 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new. Etc;
Cabbage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips,
25c; String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Two cars of Eastern sold at Il<?fl3c for Tur
keys. $4 75@5 for Hens, $8 for young Roosters,
$4 25@4 50 for old do. and $6 for Fryers.
Local stock Is selling fairly, especially young
stock, which is in demand.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 10@llc for Gob
blers and 12^(130 for Hens: dressed Turkeys,
13015 c per lb; Geese, per pair, $1 25@1 75;
Goslings, $2 .".0i73; Ducks, $IWS for old and
$7@9 for young; Hens. $3 60m 50; Roosters,
young. $6 50©7 r,O; Roosters, old. $3 50@4. Fry
ers, $6i&6 50: Broilers. $5 50(^6 for large. $3 50@
4 50 for small; Pigeons, $2Cf'2 25 per dozt»n.for
young and $1 SEOI 50 for old.
GAME— Nominal. •
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Egg 3 are still higher and store are about
cleaned ; up. Cheese rules firm. The medium
and ■ lower grades of " Butter I are firm, being
wanted for shipment, but fancy creamery
shows. weak symptoms.*
BUTTER—
Creamery— creameries, 18<ifl9c; sec
onds, '16@17Hc ■ " ■-■■'- ■■■ -
Dairy — Choice to fancy, ,16@17c; second
grades, 14@15c per lt>. , :■■"••:■•■■... .^.1,,'
Eastern Butter— Imitation creamery, 16(5:16V4c;
ladle-packed, 15@16c per It).* . : • ,
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 9@loc; common
to .good, TU.ffj.S'.ic; .■ Cream Cheddar, 10@llc;
Young America, lO@Uc; Western, ll@12c; East
ern, 12*45 13% c per It). . ■
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 12>&@Mc per dozen; store
Eggs, 12@12&c. .■ -■-. ■■- ■-•
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
' If current \ reports ' from all over the State
are ; true there will be very ; few Apricots this
year. ' Peache3 show' less damage. V, ■■■"■■■'' ■• ■ :
. All citrus fruits are dull and - the feeling is
weak as a rule. Apples are steady, though
there is no scarcity. . Another basket of Straw
berries from the Santa Clara Valley brought
$1 50. .>■ .' ; - . ..:-■ .-••:- - ■ y .:;'■ - : - ■ '■
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— n> I; " ::
; Apples, 40<<i50r.- per . box for ■ common. «.jc@Jl
for good to choice arid $1 25@1 40 for fancy.
• CITRUS ■■■' FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, V $1 50<S>
2 60; Seedlings, 75c@*l 40; Mandarins. : $Xii 50
for large and 600786 for small boxes; Japanese
Mandarins, $i@l 60; ■ Grape Fruit, .■ *1 MSI per
box; Lemons, .. r jo<fr7sc for common : and; (Kil.iO
for good to choice; Mexican - Limes. -- $4 50;
California Limes, in small , boxes, 40a60c; Ba
nanas, $1 25@2 25 per bunch: Pineapples, $3@4
per dozen. , ■ . •' ■ ' ;e; c
DRIED ■ FRUITS, NUTS, ~ RAISINS, ETC.
As appears by a dispatch in yesterday s ig
sue, the East refuses to believe the reports of
damage to our crop by the recent frosts and
the market la accordingly as flat as ever. Ad
ditional severe, frosts were ' reported In the
San Joaquin Valley yesterday. Apricots are
the chief sufferers, with Peaches. a good sec
ond. • Prunes have thus far. escaped as a rule,
except In one or two early districts. • "' ;; : _;
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots. 3%@
4%c for 40-50's. 3V 4 <?3*4c for . 50-60" 2 3 i^3 1 «c
for 60-70's. 2%@2Sic for 70-80' s, l%@2Vic : for 80
90' U£@l%c •. for 90-100 - Peaches, 2Vi@4c;
fancy. 4^@sc;' peeled, 10@12»4c; Apricots, s@6c
for Royals and 7@7%c for good to fancy Moor
parks; Evaporated Apples,- ■ 6%@7i4c; sun-dried,
4@sc; Black Figs, in sacks, 2@2Vbc; Plums.
4Vira4%c for pitted and l@lV£c for unpitted;
bleached Plums, s@sVic; Nectarines, ,4@sc for
prime to fancy; Pears, 2V4<S'<Vic for quarters
and 3135*20 for halves, according to color, etc.
RAlSlNS— lt£@2c for two-crown. 3c for three
crown, 3^c for four-crown, 4^c for Seedless
Sultanas, . 2%c for Seedless Muscatels and $1@
1 10 for London layers; dried grapes, 2Vic.
Chestnuts are quotable at Sc per
It>; Walnuts. sfff6c for hardshell and 6@7c for
softshell; Almonds, 2%«?3%c for hardshell. s@6c
for softshell and 7(SSc for paper-shell; Peanuts.
4@sV4c for Eastern and 4»ic for California;
Pecans. 6H@Bc; Filberts. SHi??10c: Brazil Nuts,
B@9c per It); Cocoanuts. $4 Bo@s per 100.
HONEY— Comb. SSlOc for bright and s@7c
for lower grades; water-white : extracted, 4^@
sc; light amber extracted. • 3%@4»4c per tb.
PROVISIONS.
The market is as dull as ever, with no
chanßp in prices.
CUBED MEATS— Bacon. 9%c per lb for
heavy, 9%c for light medium, 10% c for light,
lie for extra light and 12^c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 10%<g>llc; Califor
nia Hams, 10c; Mess Beef, $9 per bbl; extra
mess do, $10; family do, $ll@12; Salt Pork, $9;
extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear, $18; mess,
$16; Smoked Beef, ll@l2c per lb.
LARD— Eastern tierces quoted at 5Hc per lb
for compound and 7c for pure; pails. l\c;
California tierces, 5H<? per lb for compound
and 6Vtc for pure; half-barrels, 6%c'; 10-lb tins,
.7hic; do, 5-lb, Be.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6Mi@'6%c; packages,
less than 300 lbs— l-lb pails, 60 in a case. B%c;
3-lb pails, 20 in a case, S^c; 5-lb palls. 12 in a
case, S»4c; 10-lb palls, 6 in a case. 8>»c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 In a case. 7%c; wooden buckets. 20
lbs net. 7%c; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net. 7%c; half
bbls, about 110 lbs, I^c per lb.
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
No further decline in Hides Is reported.
Hops continue flat as usual. A local wool cir
cular says: "Our local market still remains
dull, and reports from the Eastern market in
dicate that sales are very light. Merchants
are unwilling at present to make large invest
ments until the differences between this coun
try and Spain are adjusted."
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers. 10c; medium. !"fj9'^c; light, 9c; Cow
hides, 9c; stags. »c; salted Kip. W4c; Calf. 10c;
dry Hides, 16<ffl6V2c; culls and brands, 13®lJ%c;
dry Kip and Veal, 1 '■'■ l -'<i H'tc; dry Calf, lT'-i"®
19Hc; culls. Me; Goatskins. SOOS7o e-rh: KM«. |
s<£floc; Deerskins, good summer, 25@30c per lb,
medium, 20c; winter, 10c; SheepsKins, shear
lings. «o® 3oc each; short wool, 40®70c each;
medium, 70®90c; long wools. Wc(@sl 30 each.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. WWic per lb; No.
2. 26'2'sc; refined. sc; Grease, 2@2Vic.
WOOL— Fall clip— San Joaquln, defective, 7@
9c; Southern Mountain. !«fillc; free Northern,
12^i 13c; do, defective. 9<gih- per lb.
HOPS— OId crop. 2iß'Gc for poor to fair and S@
10c for good; new crop, lltf/Ho per lb.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
All kinds are as previously quoted. Beef
and Mutton are steady and Hogs are very
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6Vj®7c; second quality,
sV.<ji>Sc; third quality, 4@sc per lb.
VEAL— Large. 6(fffi'£c; small, 7@7%c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 9c; Ewes. BVi@9c per lb.
LAMB— Spring, \Wg\\c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 4>4fr{4%c for large. 4>4c
for small and 4»*c for medium; stock Hogs,
3@3V£c; dressed Hogs, 6<g6V4c.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, nominal; Wool
Bags, nominal; San Quentin, $5. 30.
COAL— Wellington. $10 per ton: New Welling
ton, $10; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant, $6 50; Coos Bay.
$5 50; Wallsend. $7 60; Scotch, $10; Cumberland,
$10 in bulk and $11 50 In sacks; Pennsylvania
Anthracite Egg. $15; Cannel, $10 per ton; Rock
Springs, Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60;
Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14 in sacks.
A circular from Australia says: •
'•Since the Mariposa lett there have been
only two deliveries of coal from Australia,. viz.:
Invercoe, 2271 tons; Oregon. 2011 tons; total.
42*2 tons. These are particularly light ar
rivals for thirty days, and If it had not -been
for the liberal deliveries for. the thirty days
previous— tons— there' would be no colon
ial coal on hand. Prior to the end of next
month there will be eight vessels -fully due,
with about 18.000 tons. There are already
chartered in Sydney and 'Newcastle fifty-eight
vessels (thirteen of these are now afloat) with
a carrying capacity of over 160.000 tons of coal,
all destined for this port: , This -looks -like a
very formidable list of engagements, but as
fully 90 per cent of these vessels were taken 1 to
1111 contracts made months ago, it will be
readily seen that prices here : will not be
affected by these apparently heavy shipments.
The last cabled freight quotation from New
castle was 16s which rate has been recently
paid for several vessels. All Australian coal
that arrives here between June, and October
should come to a good market, , as. during those
months there will be a scarcity of coal tonnage
on our coast, as a large number of our colliers
will be transferred to the Alaska trade. There
Is no perceptible change of values during the
month; the shipments from Washington and
British Columbia have been amply sufficient to
meet all current requirements, hence prices .are
stwuW."
CORDAGE— Prices are as follows: ! Manila—
114-inch, 7%c; 12-thread, B%c; 6 and 9 thread.
B%e: bale rope, 7%@SV;c. Sisal— Hi-inch, J%c;
12-thread, 7&c; 6 and 9 thread, 7%c; bale rope,
6?i©7**c. - !•'.-■">
CANNED FRUITS— Cherries , quotable
at $1 25@1 50; White Cherries, $1 25<£1 75;
Peaches and Pears, 90c@$l 10; Apricots, 60/f?9oc.
CANNED VEGETABLES — Peas, 70c@$l 25;
Tomatoes, 75c. • '■
COFFEE— Costa Rica, 17@17%c for prime
•washed, 14015 c for good- washed, 16@17%c for
good to prime washed peaberry, 16<£il7>*c : for
good peaberry, 13@15c for good to ■ prime. 12@
12% c for good current mixed with black beans.
9%@13c for fair. s»*@Bc for common to ordi
nary; Salvador, 13@14V4c for good •to prime
washed, ll@l2Hc for fair washed. 15@16c for
good to prime washed peaberry. Sv/.@9V&c nomi
nal for superior unwashed, 7%@Bc i for good
green unwashed, 12if!124e for good to prime
unwashed jJeaberry: Nicaragua, B@9%c for good
to superior unwashed, 12©12V$c for good un
washed peaberry; Guatemala and Mexican, 16Vi
©lS^c for prime to fancy washed, 14i@15^c for
good to strictly good washed,- 12@13>4c for fair
washed, 7@loc for medium, 5@6%c for common
to ordinary. 16®17V40 for good to prime washed
peaberry, 12® 1214 c for good . unwashed pea
berrq, B(s>9^t.c for good to superior unwashed.
PACIFIC CODFlSH— Bundles, per lb. 3?ic:
cases, selected, per lb. 4%c; cases, Imitation
Eastern, • per lb, ' 4%c; • boneless, per lb, sc;
strips, Norway, per ; lb. 5Mc; strips. Narrow
Gauge, per lb, 5%c; strips. Silver King, per lb,
6%c; blocks, ; Clipper, per lb,' sc; blocks. Ori
ental, per lb, !>%c; blocks. Seabrlght. per lb,
6%e; tablets, Crown Brand. • per lb, 7',4c; mid
dles. Golden State, per. lb. . r >%c: middles. White
Seal, per dozen. S^c: desiccated. Gilt Edge, per
dozen, 80c; pickled cod; barrels, each $3; pickled
cod, half barrels, each $4 60.
OlL— California Castor Oil, cases, No. 1, 95c;
barrels. 80c per gallon (manufacturers' rates);
Linseed Oil. In barrels, boiled. He; do raw, 51c;
cases, 5c more: Lard Oil, extra winter strained,
barrels, 55c; No. 1. 45c; cases, 5c more; China
Nut, 47@58c per gallon; Neat*foot;Oll, barrels,
60c; cases. 65c; No. 1, barrels, 50c: cases, 53c;
Sperm, crude. 60c; natural white, -80c; bleached
do, 85c; Whale Oil, natural white,- 40c; bleached
do. 45c: Pacific Rubber Mixed Paints, white
and house colors, $1 23ff?l 35 per gallon; wagon
colors. $2fi 2 25 per gallon. : , ' '
PETROLEUM. GASOLINE AND NAPH
THA—Water White Coal Oil, In bulk, HHc
per gallon; Pearl Oil, in cases, 17c; Astral do,
17c ; Star do, 17c ; Extra Star do. ■ 21c ; Elaine
do, 22c; Eocene do, 19c; Deodorized Stove Gaso
line, In bulk, 12c: do In cases, . 17>4c; G3 degree
Naphtha, in bulk, HHc: do in cases, 1614 c; 86
degree. Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; do in cases, 25c.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 6@7c per It). '
TURPENTINE— In cases, 51c; in iron barrels,
46c; In wooden barrels, 4Sc per gallon.
LUCOL— Boiled, barrels. 43c; do cases, 48c;
raw, barrels, 41c; do cases. 46c per gallon.
CANDLES— Oil Company quotes:
Electric Light, Cs, 16. 0z.,.7VJc: 14 oz.. 6Vic; 12
oz., s\4c; 10 oz., 4Hc. Parafflne Wax Candles-
Is, 2s. 4s. 6s and 12s, > white. l%c: colored, B%c.
QUICKSILVER— For export, $36, and for local
use. $40 per flask. . :■
LEATHER— Harness, heavy. TWHQWTu .per !T>:
do medium. 28c; do light. '26027 c; rough
medium. 28c; do light. 26@27c; rough Leather.
22(?|23c: Kips. $40(f?45 per dozen: Calf. 90c(i?$l per
tt>: rough splits, 7®>Se; belt-knife splits, 10@12c;
Collar Leather, black, 10012 c per foot; do rus
set. 10<f?12c: Ski'tine Leather. SMMSc per lb.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Com
pany quotes terms- net cash: Cube- Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 6%c; Powdered,' 6%c;v Dry
Granulated. 5%c; Confectioners' A, 5%c; Mag
nolia A. s^c: Extra •C.-BHc: Golden C. sc:
Candy Granulated. 5%c; California A, 5%c per
lb; half barrels %c more than barrels, and
boxes %c more. ■.- • .'.
WOOD. LUMBER, ETC.
POSTS— S«IOc each for No. 1 and s%ffT6c for
No. 2; Redwood, $5 per cord; Oak, rough, $6 50;
peeled. $!>; Pine. J5 73.
LUMBER— Retail prices are nominally as
follows: Pine, ordinary sizes, $11@14 for No. 1
and J9 50(f/ll for No. 2: extra sizes higher. Red
wood—sl4«?l7 for No. 1 and $11^12 50 for No. 2;
Lath. 4 feet, $1 70r&l 80: Pickets, $16; Shingles,
$1 25 for common and $2 25 for fancy; Rustic,
$19@21; Shakes, {8.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Tuesday. March 22.
Flour, qr sks ... 6.044 Raisins, bxs 20
Barley, ctls 3GO Paper, reams ... 140
Corn, ctls 60<! Wine, pals 55, C00
Chf-ese, ctls s." Quicksilver, flak. 2
Butter, ctls 240 Hay. tons 378
Beans, ctls n Wool, bales 13<
Potatoes, ctls ... I,7T> Leather, rolls ... OS
Onions, sks 2S Eggs, doz 17,700
Bran, sks 2SI Pelts, bdls lT.rt
Middlings, sks .. UQ '-Tides, no 550
THE STOCK MARKET.
The feature in mining stocks was a rise in
Sierra Nevada to $1 70, the other stocks show
ing no changes of note.
On the Bond Exchange Oceanic Steamship
rose to 58%.
The Mammoth Mining Company of Utah has
declared a dividend of 5 cents per share,
amounting to $20,000, on the 400,000 shares of
capital stock, payable April 1.
The stock of the California Powder Company
is In demand at as high as 125, owing to the
large business, including the contracts with the
United States Government. , ■
The delinquent assessment sale of the Over
man Mining Company will be held to-day.
The annual meeting of the Champion Min
ing Company has been called for April 12.
The Melones Consolidated Mining Company
has re-elected the old directors for IS9B, with
R. R. Gray son as secretary.
The Pacific Lighting Company will pay a
monthly dividend of 40 cents per share on
a". G. Gurnett. president of the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board, reports that
a number of applications for the auxiliary
membership, which that board proposes to es
tablish have been made, and that when as
many as ten have been favorably passed upon
a start will ~be made on the new lines.
The Justice Mining. Company does not owe
the bank and had a balance of $1022 on hand
March 1.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, March 22—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
U B Bonds— Oakland Gas.. 50 —
4s quar c0up. .112 — Pac Gas Imp.. — 89
4s quar reg.,llo — Pac LCo o2 oi*.
4s quar new.. 121% — S F O & E.. — »•;%
Miscellaneous— San Fran 3% 3-&
Cal-st Cab 55.113%116 Stock Gas — 1»
Cal El 6s 12*% — Insurance—
C C Wat 55. ..102% — Ftrem's Fund. l9s —
Dup-st ex c. — 98% Bank Stocks—
E L & P 65.. 128% — Anglo-Cal .... 60 66
F&Ch Ry 6s. — 117 Bank of Ca1.. 247 2M
Geary-st R ss. — 102 Cal SD & T.. — 104
HC & S 5%.. 100 106 First Nat .-••200 — .
LAL Co «s.. — 100 Lon P & A. ..130 —
Do gntd 65.. 97%100 Mer Exchange — 15
Market-st 65.. 127 — Nev Nat 8...155 —
Do Ist M 05.114 — Savings Banks—
Nat Yin 6s Ist — 100 Ger S & L..1625 1665
NCNg Ry 75. 102% — Hum S & L.1050 1160
NRy Cal C5..11lV 4 — Mutual Say. 3o 40
M Ry cal 55.. 102% — S F Say U.. 485 600
KPCRR 65. 104% — S& L 50.... — 100
NPC R R 58.101 — Security S B 250 —
N Cal R 55.. — — Union T Co. looo —
Oak Gas 55...100 — Street Railroad—
Do 2d is 55.. — 112 California .... — HO
Om Ry 6s — 129% Geary 40 —
p & O 6s 110 — Market-st o3 03%
P&Ch Ry 65.105% — Presidio 4% 10
Powell-st 6s ..117% — Powder-
Reno WL&L..IOO — California ....115 —
Sac Elecßyas. — 100 E Dynamite... 84 —
BF& N P 53.106 — Giant Con Co. 42% 42%
6Pof Ar 65.. — 104% Vigorit 3 3%
S P Cal 6s — 113 Miscellaneous—
3PC is eg 55.."— 994 Al Pac Assn.. — 98%
SPBr 6s 113%114 Ger Ld Wks..loo 150
8 V Wat 65... 117 117% Hana P C 0... — 20
S V Wat 45... — 103 HC & S Co.. 30% 31
Stock Gas 65.. — 103% Hutch S P Co. 46% 47%
Water— Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Contra Costa.. 55 62% Nat Yin C 0... — 7%
Marin Co .... 50 — Oceanic S Co. 58% 59
Spring Va1....101 101% Pac A F L.. 1% —
Gas & Electric— Pac Bor C 0... 97% —
Cent Gaslight. 95% — Par Paint Co. 7 —
MEL Co — 13%
Morning Session.
$3000 Market-street Ry Con Bonds 55.... 114 00
JIOOO Spring Valley 6s Bonds 117 50
60 Hutchlnson S P Co 46 57%
85 do -do. "••••" 00
65 Spring Valley Water 10100
. 10 Oceanic Steamship Co 58 25
10 do do 58 oO
10 do do ...: 58 75
23 •do do 58 624
35 Market-street .Railway 63 37%
10 do do : :. 53 25
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 31 M
100 Vigor! t Powder 300
Afternoon Session.
25 Hutchlnson S P Co 47 00
175 do do : 46 87%
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 3150
75 do do 31 37%
150 do <io 31 25
250 do do 31 12%
200 do do slO 3100
50 do do 3100
50 do do s 30 30 7»
75 S F Gas & Electric Co 89 2o
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
50 Giant Powder 42 50
20 Hawaiian C & S Co 31 25
20 do do 3112%
20 do do 3100
20 do do 30 87%
35 Hawaiian C & S Co 3125
65 Hutchlnson S P Co , 46 62%
80 do do 46 oO
Afternoon Session.
50 Hutchlnson S P Co 46 87%
60 do do 46 <5
Street—
10 Giant Powder 42 50
23 Oceanic S S Co 58 2a
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Best & Be.cher 31 100 Savage 86
100 Chollar 47 200 Sierra Nevada. .145
800 Hale & Norcrs.l 30 3T.0 150
200 Mexican S4 300 Utah 12
100 Occidental 2 hi- 100 Yellow Jacket.. 29
200 Ophlr 45
Afternoon Session.
SOO Alta 17 500 Kentuck 03
100 Best & Belcher 32 300 Mexican 35
100 . ............ 33 500 Potosi .. .... 42
200 Chollar 49 300 Sierra Nevada.. 1 65
150 50 250 160
330 Con Cal & Va.. " 80 300 Union Con 46
100 Crown Point ... 15 300 ;..... 47
300 Gould & Curry.. 21 500 Utah 13
400 Justice 27 200 Yellow Jacket.. 30
100 •• 28
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: »'■-;; . / • . •,
Morning Session. : . ,
500 Alta 161400 Savage 25
400 15 200 Sierra Nevada. .140
300 "'.!! 17 300 ........137H
SOO Andes 12 300 145
200 Belcher .' 24 TOO 155
1000 Bullion ......... 10 700........; •• 1 * a .
300 Challenge 28 300 - '.......1 6<P
1200 Choi lar 45200 1 bT» 2
950 Con Cal & Va.. 80 300 ...... .....1
200 Crown Point ... 14 1100 Union Con 45
700 Gould & Curry.. 211500 46
SOO Justice 26 500 Utah ". 12
600 Mexican 34 MO : ....... IS
100 Occidental 2 55 300 Yellow Jacket.. 30
200Ophir ....... 45 500.. 31
300 Potosl 41
Afternoon Session.' : ■
♦00 Alta ....17 200 Kentuck -03
XX) Belcher 24 700 Mexican - 35 •.
400 Best & Belcher 32 ■58 Occidental 2 55
500 Bullion 10 50 2 60
304 Challenge Con .. 30300 Ophir 4o .
500 ...... .• •••••• 31 ir-00 Savage .......... 26
: 300 Chollar ......... 48 ; 200 Sierra Nev . . . 1 62V4
500 49 100 .; .1.60
SOOConCal & Va.. 80 100 :. ...... ....--....1 Slhjt
200 • 79 400 Union Con ...... 45
200 Confidence '72 UOO ..... ............ 46
400 ............. 73 !00 Utah 13
200 Gould & Curry.. 21 ...... ............ 12
300 Justice • 27 100 Yellow Jacket.. • 30 ,
CLOSING : QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, March 22 — ( p. .m.
Bid. Ask. • : • ; Bid. Ask.
Alpha 07 08 Justice 27. 28,
Ata ...... 17 18 Kentuck: ....... - 04
Andes 11 12 Lady Wash ... - 03
Belcher 24 25 Mexican 34 35
fJnton 25 —Occidental 2552 60
Best & Belchr. 31 33 Ophlr .......... 43 46
U m on 09 10 Overman ...... 10 12
Chollar .... 48 49 Potosl .....41 42
Con Cal & Va. 79 80 Savage ........ 25 26
Challenge 29 30 Seg- Belcher ... 03 03
Confidence..... 71 74 Scorpion ■•■•••• °« , -
Con Imperial .. — 01 Sierra: Nevada. 1551 65
Crown Point ■ . . 13 14 Sliver Hill .... 02 '03
Con New York. - 02 Syndicate ...... 01 04
Eureka • ....... •'! — 23 Standard 165. —
Fxchequer 04 06 1 Union Con ..... 45- 46
Gould & Curry. ;20 21 Utah 12 •13
Hale & Norcrs.l 80 135 Yellow Jacket. 29 30
Julia ........... 01_03____: • • ; :
ASSESSMENTS PENDING.
COMPANY.
No.
In the Day of Amt.
Board. | Sale. |
.Feb 2bj..Mar 23 1 05
..Mar 4 ..Mar 2SH 05
..Mar 8 ..Apr 4 20
..Mar 24 ..Apr 1 10
..Mar 27 .A"pr 18 25
..Apr 1 ..Apr 20 01
..Apr 7 ..Apr 2.s 05
..Apr 8 ..May 3 20
..Apr 8 ..May 3 25
I.. Apr U ..May 3 10
I.. Apr li ..May 4 10
1., Apr li:|..M.iy 10 15
|..Apr )K|..May 11 05
Overman
Alpha Con.'
Fotosi '
Crown Point
Ophlr
Con. Imperial —
AndeK
Best & BelHier...
Con. Cal. & Va —
Hale & Norcrosa.
Occidental
Gould & Curry....
Utah
79
20 :
49
73
72
40
45
64
11
ml
. 30
83 .
2;
WHIMS OF THE KAISER.
Should the German Emperor go ahead
and execute his threat to exclude Ameri
can students from the technical schools
of the empire it will simply mean th.it he
dreads the competition of American
brains as seriously as he does the com
petition of American fruit and other prod
ucts. If the touchy monarch had his way
he would stamp the brand "Made in Ger
many" upon the genius of the world. —
New York Mall and Express.
THE CALL C: ..ENDAR.
March. 1898.
Su.jMo Tu.
~~ 1
jlll'll
13; 14 .15
20 ~2i~ "IT
rt a zj
Tn.
I We
10
17
24
I*
Fr.
it
11
6
I Moon's Phases.
k'ull Moon.
Mar 8.
rfO-Laat :. Quarter
*& - Mar. 14.
I jCS • New Moon, >
, W'*- Mar. 21
l.i
23
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, la
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense. .
Navigators are corJially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
liehts, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean coir.merce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon and is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mare
Island. Cal. - 
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time cr giving the error. If any, is
published the same day by the afternoon
TnTdV"* the mOrnln w. Pa s Pe HT'GHKS OW "
Lieutenant. U. S. N-. in charge.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, Entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by Official Au
thority nf the Superintendent.
NOTE— The hisrh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide is the same at both places.
MAP< H-IsSB.
Wednesday. March 23.
Sunrises ". : :. «.O1
Sunset*.:.. ; :...........: 6:21
Moon sets •„...... 8:07 P. M.
H W L W !
! Peal
U.H 12:2
L W
5< 6:37
5.2 7:22
5.d 8:11
«.!» 9AS
4.7 10:01
4.) 11:02!
!::
SUI s:i'Jl
H W
0.4 1:20
0.4 2:14
0.1 3:15
U.K 4:38
0.7 6 : 10
0 8 7 :85
a
4.r.
4.2
3.y
3.r.
3.7
3.U
L W
6:31 ' 3.1
7:lll 1 2.8
7:34 3.0
8:10 8.1
■9:13 ' 3.5
10::-4 3.T
U
4::
1:15
1:48
2:22
3:06
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tide*
the early morning tides are. given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of tna
day in the order of occurrence as to time. Tna
second time column gives the second tide or.
the day, the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column gives th«
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on tn»
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height
and then the number given Is subtractlve from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
STKAMEIIS TO ARRIVE.
v aipncia
Bristol
Colon
City Puebia. . . |
Coos Bay
State or Cat
Homer
Willamette.
Wellington
Arcata
Pomona.
Alaska
Departure Bay
Panama
| Victoria and Puirtt Sound
Newport.......
Portland •••
Humbodlt
Seattle
Departure 8ay....; '•
Coos Bay -
San Diesro -
Coos Bay
Tacoma. ......'.-. '...
j Seattle ".:..'••<
I Victoria and Puret Sna.. .
Portland .....
Humooidt ....
Humboldt .
I Panama
China and Japan...
Alaska .." ....
San Dlejro ....
Empire
Wanhtenaw... .
Propreso
Walla Waila...
Coiumma
North Font
Weeott
San Bias
Peru
Humooldi.
Santa Rosa.
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. I DKBTiXATtoxi saiia I Pibh.
China China&Japan. Mar 23. 1 PMiPM S3
Moana Australia Mar 23. !0 pm | Pier 7
Norm Forts Humboult.... Mar 23. »am Pier 2
Sanui Rosa San Dleso... Mar 24. 11 am; Pier U
Woeott I Humbldt Bay. Mar 24. 9 am I Pier U
Valencia... Alanfca Mar 25, 2pm ......
Coo» «ay.. Newport Mar Hi. !) am Pier 11
State of Cal I Portland Mar 3«. 10 am ! Pier 21
City Puebla I Vie & P?t Sna Mar 27.10 am fler »
Homer I Humbolat.... Mar 27.10 am Pier 9
Arcata Coos Bay j Mar 27.10 am Pier W
Pomona.... San Dieiro.... Mar 2H. 11 a* Pier H
Colon Panama iMar 2S. 12 M PM SS
ColumOia.. Portland IMar 30. 10 AM | Pier Ji
ATIONi
Saiia
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. NNt. t Mer
chants' Exchange, San Franciaco, March
22, 1898.
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day — 1. c., at noon of th»
120 th meridian, or exactly 8 p. m.. Green
•wich time. W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant, U. S. N., In charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
■\ ; ; ;'~r V : . ARRIVED.
Tuesday. March 22.
-Stmr. Crescent City, Stockfteth, 66 hours from
Crescent City. ~ •■':"•" - ' v ■* "■■": •'
/■.Stmr Santa Rosa,'' Alexander, • 62% hours ircrnr
San Diego. <■•<**■ ■.: :' • .' ' ..'•-■ ' :i-':"-^: i -':"-^-
Br stmr Belgic. Rinder, - 25% • days from
Hongkong, via Yokohama 17% days, via Hon
olulu 6V4 days.. - , . ... . ■■-.:.
Ship Spartan, Polite, 5 days from Seattle. .
" Ship Wachusett,- Davidson, 4 days from Seat-
Bark Kate Davenport, i Reynolds, 6% days frm
I Tacoma. ■ . =: ' v^' ' -' . ■...<-' "4
Schr Enterprise, Ingwersen, 3% days from,
; Grays Harbor. i • • -. - ; £f
Schr / Orient, - Sanders, 5% days from , Port- if
I land. * ■ . ■■-■.. --y±
' Schr Reporter, Dahlofl, 4 days from Grays
! Harbor. • » .....  ., , ,• ■
*:<•;<% CLEARED. : -/V
Tuesday, March 22.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, j Eureka; Charles
Nelson. ':■-, .. ' • ' '. --:_ . - , .
SAILED. : '.
; Tuesday March 2* '
Stmr Samca, Johnson. Eureka.
Stmr Bonita, ? Nicholson. San Pedro. ".
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz. - . • ;
Stmr Columbia, Goodall, Astoria. .... -■■;,
Stmr Umatllla. Cousins, Victoria.
' Schr Mayflower. Olsen, Coquille River.
. Schr Viking, Petersen, Astoria, . > . ■
''&V~'JZI ■ TELEGRAPHIC. ■ • .
POINT LOBOS. March 22, 10 p. m.—Weather,
hazy; wind, NW;. velocity. 14 miles. .
The French bark Alice was chartered prior
to arrival for wheat to Europe, 255.
The Powys Castle loads redwood nt thia port
for Cork, $15,000.
The ship Tacoma loads coal at Seattle for
this port.
Per Santa Rosa— March 21— At about 5:50 a.m.
nine milts south by west of Point Bonita
passed a two tv i mast schooner capstieJ. Wind
NW, light and sea smooth.
Sloop yacht Freda, anchored oft Selby«,
drrgged anchor at -the foot of Leavenworth
street. She remains high on the Deueh.
Naphtha lunch America drifted on the beach
near Browns wharf foot of Jones street.
■ ,-. : SPOKEN. '■;?■ ".-:"■ '"■"-/ : ."-:
March Lat 02 N, long 28 W. Br ship Falls
of Clyde, from Oregon for Queenstown. ■
„ DOMESTIC PORTS. "
SAN PEDRO— Arrived March Schr Spar
row, hence March 19. * '■ .
ASTORIA— . March 22— Stmr State ,of
California, tor San Francisco; • stmr Geo- W
Eider, 'r D>e* v, .
ALBlON— Arrived March Stmr Cleone, ho
March 20. ' . - ._ . a „
' MKNDOGINO — Sailed March 22 — Schr S 0
Danielson, for San Francisco. ■ ,_ ' "'
SEATTLE— March 22— Stmr Farallon.
from Dyea; stmr F ton. from Eureka.
FORT BRAGG— March 22— Stmr. Co
quille River, hence March 20. :^_
Sailed . March Schr Nettie Sundborg. -. for
San Francisco, i " . • i, ■■ enl ,^_
HUENEME— Arrived March 22— Schr Sailor
Boy; from Port .'Blakeley. ■ ■■ • . „. ' •"
:■> SAN DIEGO— March 22— Schr Halcyon.
O SAN J1 pEbRO— Arrived March 21-Schr Spar
row, hence March 19, and not schr Alice as re
ported yesterday.. --*'■ '". J. -.* -w-.v t
NEWPORT— Arrived March 22— Schr • Mabel
Gray, from Eureka. -•-,*•'•, " " "„' V --I
PORT LOS ANGELES-Arrived March 22—
Stmr Whitesboro. from Greenwood. ■ ■ „■
ASTORIA-Sailed I March' 22- Br ; ship Glen
park. - for Queenstown : • stmr State of ; Califor
nia, for San Francisco. - „„■,,■ . ••"_>' ■■-"
MENDOCINO— Arrived Marcn 22— Schr Bobo
link, hence March 1". - ■  -■ ' • •
NEW WHATCOM— In port March 20— Schr
Lena Sweasey, from San Pedro. . ...
BANDON— Arrived March 22— Sch Joseph and
Henry, hence March 14. ' . '' • '- ,_■ ;■
NEWPORT— Arrived March 22— Schr Lottie
Carson, from . Eureka. - ■ -- ' -• _ ■ '■
SEATLE— Arrived March 22— Stmr .VViUam
ett*. hence March 16; tmr Progreso. hence
March 1 ; schr James A • Garfield. from Dyea;
bark Guardian. 1 from Port Hadlock. v .--, ,
Sailed March 22— Bktn ; Gleaner, for Dyea;
Bchr Herraff. : L; " . ' ' '
' FOREIGN PORTS.
' NEWCASTLE. ; N.S ■W— sail Maxell ?4—
Haw ship John Ena, for San Fran^iscr >-, ■••
- WESTPORT— Arrived March - 21— Br; bark
Mccl Eilian, hence Nov 4. _ '. ;i
'■■ QUEENSTOWN— March 22— 8- ship
Edtnballymore. ; from Oregon, and sailed for
Bndenux ■'"'••-•■ ;■ '." -■' •' ' : ;"' ; ■*' ' ' ■: ' •:
CORK— Arrived March 21— ship Merion
eth, hence N.ov 11. ; • -. ..;.-
DUBLlN— Arrived March 19— Br ship Cardi
ganshire, hence Nov. 2. . ;' .
- HAVRE— Arrived March 20— Br ship ' Balmo
ral, from Tacoma. _•..-•• -
LA PALLIOW— March ■ 3— Br ship
Bnrflllan. hence Sept- 16. -■• '■. :\ ;.,.•.,...•
LIVERPOOL— March 20— Br ship
Blackbraes, ■ hence Oct 12; Nor bark Stjorn, fm
Tacoma. '. • ' - -■■■•■:■ ■ ;- - . • , .
MARSEILLES— March . 21— Br - stmr
Indrapura, from Tacoma. :■ , . -i ■
PLYMOUTH— Arrived March 19— Ship St
Francis, . from ' Tacoma. ,"" ' ;
■' QUEENSTOWN— Arrived March 1 21— . bark
Lady Went worth.* from Oregon ■'•- "■- - 'r > "•
.' DOVER— Passed March 21— Br ship Clan Mac
pherson. from Antwerp, for Tacoma.
FALMOUTH— PaIIed March 21— Ital ship Cav
allere Cinmpa. for Dublin. :- . - -. • !■ ' '
■ LIVERPOOL— March 20— Br ship Clan
Macfarlane: ' for San Francisco - /• , , .
QUEENSTOv. Sailed . March 21— Hr ship
Sierra Estrella. for ; Fleetwood : Br ship Dru
malls, for Havre; Ital ship Salvatore Ciampa.
for Liverpool. '.- .i- .: • ■-,- . " ■ •'
: SHANGHAI— SaiIed. March 19— Br' ship Dee
can, for Royal Roads. '.- :
» ROYAL ROADS— Arrived prior to March »—
Br ship Lyderhorn. from Manila.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
OPPOSED THEIR
OWN INTERESTS
Caused the Abandonment
of the Clay Street
Tracks.
Business Men Refuse to Occupy
Stores That Are Now
Erected.
1 r. p«r:y-Owners Can Blame No One
but Themselves for th«
Loss.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, March 22.
The evolution of Clay street into a busi
. >roughfare to rival Washington
street has received a severe setback by
the abandonment of the street railway
tracks by the Realty Syndicate. This
proves a surprise alike to the company.
the Council and the citizens who do not
reside in that district. The companies
have abandoned the tracks upon the ur
gent solicitation of the property owners
ar.d now the same people are begging
ami praying to have the order rescinded.
Some time ago the property owners
were requested to pave Clay street with
bitumiqoua rock. Some expressed their
willingness to comply provided the street
ear tracks were removed. The rails were i
set high above the grade and always
caused trouble for teams. Considerable
pressure was brought to bear upon the ,
company at different times both in and ;
cut of the Council to induce them to give j
up this portion of their route. At that
time they had arranged for a circuitous
route, covering Clay. Franklin, Four- !
teenth and Second streets, upon which !
cars were to be run in both directions and i
Intersect all lines of the Realty Syndicate. |
But in consequence of the continuance of j
the tracks upon the street, the syndicate
decided to give it up and so announced.
Thts was supposed to be the desire of the
people upon mat street and the end of the
■whole business.
But in consequence of the opposition to
the continuance of the tracks upon the i
street, the syndicate decided to give it up
and so announced. This was supposed to
be the desire of the people upon that
street and the end of the whole business.
,Now, however, the property-owners evi
dently think they have made a mistake,
and are doing all in their power to unao
•what has been done. It was announced j
to-day that two or three of the parties
who have contracts to occupy stores
either already erected on Clay street or
to be erected have given notice that they j
will cancel their contracts owing to the !
changed conditions. This has caused ■
some of the property-owners to protest ,
to the Realty Syndicate against the !
abandonment of the road. Manager Ira
Bishop, when asked to-day whether there ■
was a possibility of the directors re- j
Bcinding their action, replied in t-e nega
tive. He sajd the whole question was
settled its far as they were concerned
some time ago, when they did as re- j
quested by the residents, property-owners !
and City Council.
The work of tearing up the track has
already begun, and in it the property- ;
owners see a severe setback to the ad
vancement of Clay street. It is expected
that several buildings proposed lor this
spring will be delayed in building on this
street.
The work of uniting the Alaraeda and :
Central-avenue tracks is completed ex
cept th.e.«urve *a Etev«nth an- Harrison
streets, and before the week ends the ;
cars will run through from Alameda" to
the Sixteenth-street depot. - Work will be
begun at once ,to extend the . • Bighth-
Btree> track, from Grove street to Broad
way, where passengers will be trans
ferred until the East — and line can
be transformed into a narrow-gauge .
system.
FRESH FRUIT DIRECT DAILY.
The Apache and Modoc Will Land at
Broadway Wharf.
OAKLAND, March 22.— The Eleventh
street commission merchants have en
tered into an agreement whereby the rail
road steamers Apache and Modoc will
land fruit daily at the Broadway wharf
In this city during this summer. It is to
reach here before 5 o'clock each day and
suitable sheds will be erected to accom
modate the traffic. The agreement also
includes a guarantee that the rates of
transportation shall not exceed those of
any other boat or company.
After several meetings at which the
commission merchants were represented
by Mr. Sinclair of the Oakland Fruit and
Produce Company, Walter G. Manuel and
E. D. Williams and the railroad com
pany by K. A. white, the agreement was
made to extend over a period of five
years. The service will be entirely inde
pendent of the creek route and will carry
irom seventy-five to 100 tons of fresh fruit
daily to this place. The fruit will be con
signed to this city and after being loaded
■will not be handled again until unloaded
at the wharf.
The firms interested in this new depart
ure are the Oakland Fruit and Produce
Company, E. D. Williams, Walter iian-
Uel. Fossing & Gallagher, Joseph & Gar
cia Olympia & Woods and W. A. Rouse
& Co. The service is to begin about the
middle of May.
ELECTBIC CAR SWITCHING.
Complaint That the Streets Are Ob
structed While It Is Going On.
ALAMEDA, March 22.— A few wppks
since the Oakland and Alameda Electric
Railway changed the manner of running
Its cars. It was formerly the custom
of the company to run its cars in a con
tinuous circuit from Oakland via Ala
meda back to Oakland. The change was
made so that cars coming from Oakland
either way would stop at the corner of
Santa Clara avenue and Park street, Ala
meda, switch and double back, consider
ably to the obstruction of traffic at that
point. The chief of the Alameda fire de
partment has entered a protest against
such obstruction, and the matter was
brought up in the meeting of the City
Trustees last night. The City Clerk was
authorized to communicate with the rail
way company and request it to assist the
city in devising some means to abate a
custom that endangers life and obstructs
traffic If the company does not meet
the city on the proposition an ordinance
may be passed abating what now seems
to be a dangerous obstruction.
OVERTURES TOR PEACE.
Insurance Bepresentatives Ask A. L.
Stone to Name His Price.
OAKLAND, March 22.— Every- effort is
being made by the insurance companies
in the combine to pull A. L. Stone down
on his rale cutting war. Several of the
local representatives of the companies
have visited Mr. Stone with a view of
having him withdraw or Join the corn-
Mr. Stone responded that he was only
doing what any one else would have done
had they been cut off as he was. His
business, he eaid, must continue until he
was paJd for his loss. It is expected that
a financial consideration will be offered
Mr. Stone for his loss, and if it is he will
cease his rate cutting. _ . ;
However, the $25,000 worth of business
to be done with the Board of Education
is a thorn in the flesh with the compa
nies. They have already threatened to
break the combine to get this business
from Mr. Stone.
Coal-Dealer Fails.
OAKLAND, March 22.— E. A. Fish, a
well-known retail coal dealer, has turned
his business over to his uncle and it is
announced that there is about $2000 in
debtedness. An attachment placed on
the stock Friday may be valueless on
this account.
HE FALLS HEIR
TO A FORTUNE
A Big Estate for a Boot
black Who Observed
the Sabbath.
A-ntone Ambrose Will Get a
Fine Merced County
Farm.
Undivided Half Interst in a Quar'.er
Section oi Cultivated Fruit
Lands.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
909 Broadway, March 22.
A. A. Ambrose, a hardworking boot
black, whose stand at the corner of Thir
teenth and Broadway is patronized by
hundreds who know him only by the
name "Tony." has been informed that he
is the sole heir to a $60,000 estate left by
an uncle named Francisco Burlety. He
is extremely backward about talking of
A. A, AMBROSE, the Oakland Bootblack, Heir to a $60,000
Estate.
the sudden riches forced upon him, but j
at the same time declares that he hopes
bis attorneys have made no mistake in ;
the affair.
Thomas J. Thompson and John Goss,
the attorneys, have secured all the evi
dence in the case, and declare that it is ;
only a matter of the time required to
probate the estate when Tony will be in
possession of one of the finest farms in
Merced county. It was through them
that Tony first learned of . his uncles
death and his own good fortune. At first
he would not believe it, but as the evi
dence accumulated he was forced to see
he was the man to whom it belonged.
Francisco Burlety, his mother's bro
ther, and Antone Sarrubba, two Italians,
located upon Government land in Merced
County late in the '70' s and cultivated a
quarter of a section together. Ihis. in
time, was proved up and kept well culti
vated. Burlety saved enough money to
return to Italy. He left his partner in
sole charge, and on reaching home went
into business there. About two years ago
he died and it is claimed now that he left
$10 OW there. But that is not certain. His
family had died and no one knew of any
heirs. His partner here kept the Merced
I County farm until he died last year. It
I was in the settling up of Sarrubba' s es
tate and an attempt to borrow some
j money for running expenses that it was
found that he was not the sole owner of
! the estate. The undivided half interest
j of the deceased Burlety was discovered
: and an attempt made to find an heir.
The appraiser of the estate estimated
the 160 acres of land to be worth $120,000
■ last summer, and Messrs. Thompson and
I Goss believe that Tony will secure halt
!of this, if not the *10,w0 in Italy. They
are pushing the matter as speedily aa
; possibly. . . * ,
Ambrose, or "Tony," as his friends call
him, is the father of five children, living
at 754 Brush street. He is a member or
i the Christian Endeavor Society of the
i First Presbyterian Church, and when he
was converted the matter of working on
the Sabbath had to be settled. He knew
Sunday was the best day of the week in
his business, it brought in several times
as much as any other day, and with a
> wife and five children to feed and clothe
he could not make up his mind to throw
away that umDunt of money. He tried to
get sometninff else to do and sell out, but
in this he was unsuccessful. He then ar
ranged to get off Sunday, as a financial
loss to himself and gain to his partner,
all but one Sunday in the month. This
1 he has kept up, and he feels that he is
! soon to be relieved entirely, in a way
1 that looks as if it was in consideration of
i his faithfulness to his belief.
Unique Clubhouse.
OAKLAND, March 22.— With the con-
I trol of the Piedmont electric road by the
I Realty Syndicate the old Trestle Glen
resort goes out of use and new improve
ments are being made at the old Pied
mont Park. A contract has been let for
the erection of a pretty little club house
at Piedmont Springs, where the hotel |
i burned down several years ago. It is to
I coat $2588 and will resemble the Oakland ,
Golf Club's new home __
There is to be a main room 20x30 feet |
in size where luncheon will be served. It
is to be furnished partly rough and partly j
, polished and with a double series otin- j
I candescent lights around the eaves. There
! will be a large kitchen and pantry, while ,
' outside wide rambling verandas running >
I almost all around the structure.
Ernest Lunt in Oakland.
OAKLAND, March 22.— A fine pro- ;
i eramme has been arranged by the Phil
i harmonic orchestra for its concert on
Sv night at the Congregat ona
' Church This is the old Congregational
Sunday-school orchestra, tha, was sev
! Fred from the church last fall. Beatrice
Priest Fine, soprano, and krnest Lent, ;
the "cello virtuoso from Leipsio will be;
the soloists and Robert C. Newell the ac-
companist *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 23, 1898.
WATER RATES
YET IN DOUBT
Henne berry's Knowledge
of Law Is Seriously
Impugned.
Prominent Lawyers to Take
the Ordinance Into
Court.
The Veto of the Mayor la Held to
E© in Full Force and
* Effect.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
90S Broadway, March 22.
There Is still a great deal of doubt in
legal minds as to whether even after all
the jugglery and excitement there have
been any legitimate water rates fixed for
the year commencing July 1.
When Henneberry handed in his reso
lution providing for the ignoring of the
Mayor's veto, which was passed last
night, there was a general feeling that
the people were finally and irrevocably
sold to the combined water companies.
Now it is asserted that the Henneberry
resolution is* null and void because the
charter provides that eight votes is neces
sary to pass over a veto, and that no
veto message can be killed arbitrarily by
a resolution which secures but six votes.
It has already been declared by the City
Attorney that the first resolution intro
duced by Henneberry that fixed rates in
side of five minutes is clearly illegal as
no Investigation, as required by law, was
held, and if the Mayor's veto should be
held valid there will not be legal rates
in existence after July 1.
Nothing can now be done to test the
legality of the rates till the companies
begin to charge the figures bo kindly pre
pared for them by Mr. Henneberry. Some
of the largest property owners have al
ready decided to band together and bring
a test case as soon as possible, which
will not be for three months,
Ex-Attorney-General Hart some weeks
ago expressed the opinion that there is
nothing In the contention that the State
constitution makes it unnecessary to sub
mit a water rate ordinance to the Mayor,
as the sole power to fix the rate is vested
in the Council. There is a Supreme Court
decision on the point, but it is stated that
it applies to the act under which San
Francisco is governed.
In any event there are enough doubts
and legal Quibbles to take into court,
and that Is where the ordinance will
eventually go.
INTERSTATE
BASKET BALL
The Berkeley Girls to Play
Against the Nevada
Co- Eds.
F«ir Enthusiasts . Busy Practicing
the Rival University
Yells.
BERKELEY, March 22.—
\Vah hoo wah,
Zip, boom, ah.
Rah, rah, rah,
Nevada!!
Ha, ha, ha,
California.
IT. Cm Berkeley,
Zip, boom, ah!!
Cheered by rival yells rising from hun
dreds of feminine throats and goaded on
by the sight of waving streamers of blue
and gold and gold and red, eighteen fair
athletic co-eds will struggle for the Cali
fornia - Nevada Interstate basket-ball
championship at Odd Fellows' Hall next
Saturday afternoon. The contest will be
a unique one, it being the first Inter
state athletic battle ever waged between
women, so far as the Berkeley girls are
aware. Beside this struggle between the
fair champions of commonwealths the
abandoned contest between Berkeley and
Stanford becomes insignificant.
The Berkeley basket-ball players and
also the co-ed enthusiasts who do not
play are greatly excited over the coming
game. They have practiced the college
yell and have improvised yells to cheer on
the individual players. One of the latter
Is as follows:
We will win, we know we will.
Because our captain Is Miss Brownslll!
Another slogan with which the Berke
ley girls hope to cheer up the blue and
pold champions is a formidable yell in
German, dedicated to Miss Bessie Gris
wold, the brilliant center who captained
the team In the intercollegiate game with
Stanford two years ago.
Th» University of Nevada co-eds will
leave the Sagebrush State on Thursday
evening Miss Nell Lewers, the captain,
will bring a full team and three substi
tutes twelve in all. Among the player 3
is Mi«=s Louise Ward, whose reputation as
a player has already reached the ears of
the Berkeley players The California
girls feel confident. They have thus far
this season defeated every team they met,
last Saturday beating by a score of "1 to
1 the Lowell High School players, who
the week previous had scored 5 against
Stanford's nine in a game with the Palo
Alto co-eds. Still the Nevada girls, while
not having the advantage of match games
with other teams, are ahead of the Berke
levans in having been coached by an ex
pert football player, Brewiey of the Uni
versity of Nevada.
When the sagebrush champions reach
the city Saturday morning they will be
met and entertained by the Berkeley co
eds Odd Fellows' Hall, where the game
will be called at 3:30 o'clock Saturday af
ternoon will be decorated in the colors
of the rival universities by a committee
under the direction of Miss A. E. Stock
well one of the Berkeley players. Im
mediately after the game the visitors will
leave for Nevada.
The Berkeley team will be composed as
follows: _ 4
Center goal. Miss E. S. Brownsill, cap
tain; left goal. Miss Josephine Roller;
right goal. Miss Edna Robinson; touch
center, Miss Bessie M. Griswold: left
center' Miss L. A. Linscott; right center.
Miss Sarah Hansoom; guards. Miss May
Haworth. Miss Alma Stoekwell. Miss E.
Rued. Substitute: Goal, Miss T. V.
Stoer; center. Miss Ethel Catton; guard,
Miss G. Longmore.
Miss Mary C. McCleave, the manager
of the California team, has been kept
busy making arrangements for the game.
"We think we shall win." she said this
evening, "but just think how it would be
if those Nevada girls should turn around
and beat us. Here we have been arrang
ing how we will give the Nevada yell if
they score; but suppose they should ac
tually beat us!" »*.--,_.
Meanwhile, the athletic co-eds at Berke
ley are training hard. To-morrow being a
holiday at the university, on account of
Charter day, only Thursday and Friday
afternoons will be left for final practice.
The varsity players have been particular
ly fortunate during the season in escap
ing accidents, the only injury being a
sprained ankle, from which one of the
goal-throwers is just recovering.
Mrs. Genevra Magee, wife of Professor
Walter E. Magee of the university, will
umpire the game. None but feminine
spectators will be allowed to witness the
struggle, much to the disappointment of
the boys at the university.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, March 22.— The Berkeley
High School Alumni Association has
elected the following officers: President,
George Wilhelm '96; vice-president, ;
Charles Dozier '97; secretary Miss F.
Hoyt '97; treasurer. Mark White 96.
H F Peart, Benjamin Bakewell, C. i
Bush Miss L. J. Blumberg and Miss
Ethel McClymonds have been appointed
a committee of the senior class to co-op
erate with the Alumni Association In cel
ebrating commencement 'lay on May IS.
Fifty members of the Graduate Club of
Berkeley will picnic on Angel Island to- j
morrow.
H. B. Torrey will read a paper next
Thursday afternoon before the Zoological
Section of the Science Association on "Re
cent Investigations of Some Anthrozoa."
The Columbia Fire Company gave a
house-warming this evening in its newly
furnished nrehouse on Addison street.
CHANGE OF OFFICERS.
New Standing Committees for the
Endeavor Union An
nounced.
OAKLAND. March 22.— The new officers
of the Alameda County Christian En
deavor Union assumed their duties last
evening when the executive committee
met. It was decided that the next quar
terly convention should be held June 10
at the Golden Gate Baptist Church. Re
ports from all the standing committees
showed the work in good condition.
The following standing committees
were announced by the chair for the en-
Lookout— R. B. Gaylord. Earl Swan,
Ira Sanford, Ed McDermed, Miss Emma
Simpson.
Missionary— Miss Grace Fisher, Miss
Edna Kenard, Miss Grace Wythe, Miss
Belle Garrette, E. C. Lyon.
Press— Miss l>eil Jewell. Dr. W. R.
Hughes, Miss Lucy Ellis.
Finance— W. A. Gardiner, F. A. Web
ster. H. F. Kellogg.
Sabbath Observance— George H. White,
George P. Lowell, W. N. Friend, B. L.
Spence, S. A. Willard.
Good Literature— George P. Lowell,
George H. White, B. L. Spence, S. D.
Willard. W. N. Friend.
Good Citizenship— George P. Lowell, B.
L Spence. George 11. White, W. N.
Friend, S. A. Willard.
Floating Work— Edward Taylor, J. C.
Hill, George Burbeck, F. S. Page and one
to be selected.
CITY HALL SCANDALS.
The Grand Jury Inquires Into the
Alleged Sale of Positions.
OAKLAND, March 22.— The Grand Jury
has begun an investigation into the al
leged sale of positions in the Oakland
police and fire departments. The inquis
itors this afternoon went into Dr. Stlmp
son's appointment as a veterinary sur
geon by the first Board of Health named
by Mayor Thomas. The appointment
only held over Sunday, but. Stimpson
published a signed statement charging
A. K. Hughson. a friend of Mayor Thom
as, with holding him up for a certain
sum, which was finally reduced to J2O,
which he paid. This was afterwards re
funded.
The reports that Chief Fair of the Fire
Department and Chief Lloyd of the Police
Department secured their positions by
cash and were holding them by monthly
assessments have also been taken up and
an effort made to trace the rumors to
their beginning. Chief Fair was exam
ined at some length and others will have
their turn to-morrow.
FOUND HER FATHER.
H. H. Craig Took the Wrong .Boat
and Created a Sensation.
OAKLAND, March 22.— H. 11. Craig: and
daughter, Miss Addie 11. Craig, left for
Los Angeles this evening after quite an
exciting experience. The couple are East
erners who have been in San Francisco
some time for the father's health. They
left the Palace to take the 5:,°,0 train last
evening for the south. At the ferry the
father mysteriously disappeared and the
daughter put in a night of worry.
Mr. Craig had recently suffered a stroke
of aoopiexy and it was feared that he
might have had another, but it .seems he
wandered into the depot and took the nar
row-gauge boat for this city. The daugh
ter, taking the broad-gauge, missed him.
He remained at a local hotel and suppos
ing the daughter on the train wired her
to await him in the south. When he of
fered a draft at a local bank to-day he
was informed of his daughter's anxiety
and the two were speedily reunited by aid
of the telephone.
The Tunnel Road.
OAKLAND, March 22.— The joint com
mittee of the Merchants' Exchange and
Board of Trade which nas in hand the
proposition to tunnel the hills northeast
of the city to make a road of easy grade
into Contra Costa County have entered
upon their work with renewed energy.
An old resolution adopted by the Super
visors December 19, IW)2, has been un
earthed pledging the board to assist In
the work as soon as a right-of-way Is ob
tained. The intention Is to build the tun
nel by public subscription and then re
quest the Supervisors to accept It and
maintain the approaches.
Roeth's Trial Resumed.
OAKLAND, -larch 22.— The trial of
Supervisor Charles Roeth on an accusa
tion of misconduct in office, made by the
Grand Jury, was resumed before Judge
Ellsworth and a jury, Juror T. F.
Steinmetz, who has been ill, was present,
and although Attorney A. A. Moore was
engaged in another department the court
directed that the trial proceed. William
Neohaus the prosecution's first witness,
who was on the Siand before the long
recess was on the stand all day, being
cross examined. His testimony was not
shaken in any particular.
Wants a x'arole.
ALAMEDA, March 22.— " W. B. Gay. who
is serving a sentence in San Quentin from
this place for bigamy, gives notice that
he intends applying to the Board of
Prism Directors for release on parole.
The application will be made at the meet
ing on April 9. Gay was recently in
volved in a desperate row at the prison,
though he was the person attacked and
consequently lost no credits.
REAL ESTATE
MARKET REVIEW
Quietness Prevails to a
Marked Extent in All
Branches.
Mortgages Again Exceeded in j
the Aggregate by -the- .
Repayments.
One Auction Sale for the Week — The
Records, Sales and Notes at
Random.
.
The realty stream has flowed along I
for the last week with scarcely a ripple I
| to mar the quietude of its way. Sales,
! even of the smaller parcels, have been |
few. Little money has been loaned, [
! and the release from mortgages,
! together with the reconveyances, have
i exceeded the former by a half. There j
\ has been some activity in the building
line, but chiefly for placing up cheap
dwellings.
THE RECORDS.
During the week under review the mort
gages and trust deeds recorder were
small in number and amount, being ex-
I ceeded in the aggregate by the releases
i and reconveyances. This is good evidence
that but few investments are being made.
The only loan worthy of men, on was one
of $10 wo by the Hi^ernia Bank to John
P. and Mary Courter, with interest at «'/2
per cent, on property in Mission block 70,
on the west line of Valencia street, oo feet
north of Eighteenth, north 50 by west 100,
and on the north line of Eighteenth street,
100 west of Valencia, west 35:6 by north
105. There were no releases large enough
to deserve mention.
liomesteaas were declared as follows:
ty Kosalie Bauer (wife of Robert;, on
the east line of Hampshire street, 2o feet
north of Twenty-third, $3000; Anna ivruse
( who of John H.> on lot 4, block 104, Uni
versity Mounu tract survey, $15oo; Gian ±s.
Roregno, on the north line of Greenwich,
240:7^ east of Dupont, $2oOO; Martha Pe
i ters (.wite of Henry), on the east line of
| Castro, 90 south of Fifteeenth, $3000; Mar
i garet Daly (wife of John), on the north
line of Sagamore, 200 west of Marengo,
i 52000.
MINOxi SALES.
Baldwin & Howell report the following
sales of recent date: .Lot on the north
Una of Folsom street, 275 feet west of
Third, 25xSo feet, and 175x75 feet on Clem
entina, in rear, 115.000; lot on the north
side of Broadway, 170 feet west of Gough,
$55u0; lot on east line of Guerrero
street^ bS:b south of Eighteenth, 4'jxlOo,
with L in rear, $5000; lot on the south side
of Kandall street, 142 west of Chenery,
iibxlcO, $550; lot on the west side of Utah
street, 37:tS south of Mariposa, 25x1u0, $t>00;
lot on the north side of .Lombard street,
260 feet wesc of Gough, 25x137:6, *115o; lot
and improvements, consisting of a two
story residence on Leaven worth street,
'J. 2 feet south of Washington, $5750; lot
on the southeast corner of Twenty-first
and Chattanooga streets, 25x104, $1625; lot,
25x100, and two Hats, on Lyon street, 25
feet south of Golden Gate avenue; lot on
the west line of Devisadero street, 75 feet
north' of McAllister, 25xloo; lot on
the northwest corner of Twenty-second j
and Minnesota streets, 2oxlOO, $1750; lot on
the east line of Douglass street, 64 feet
south of Elizabeth. 20x125, $750; lot on the
north line of Twenty-second street, 75 feet I
east of Pennsylvania, 25x60, $525; south
east corner or Arkansas and Mariposa
streets, 75x102:0, $900.
M. L. Wurts, Seventeenth and Broad
way, Oakland, has sold eight acres in
North Berkeley to A. Fink, also a house
and lot on Bancroft way, Berkeley, to
James Anderson of Carson City, .Nevada,
for $4ow.
UNDER THE HAMMER.
Easton, Eldridge & Co. report the fol
lowing bids, as obtained on the various
parceis of property offered at their auc
tion held yesterday: Lot, 43:tix5'J:9, on
the north line of Sacramento street, 50
east of Keariiy, with thrge-story build
ing, $15,400, subject to confirmation; lot
15x137:*), on the north lint of Geary street,
116:3 east of Fillmore, with two-story
residence, $5000; lot, 22:11x80, on the east
line uf Leavenworth street, 22:11 south of
Sacramento, $5o5O; lot, 25x100, on the west
line of BrodericK street, 150 feet south of
Oak, *2000; lot, 25x120, on the east line of
Tenth avenue, 125 south of California
street, with five-room cottage, 11450; ter»
lots in South San Francisco, near Hun
ters Point dry dock, $300.
RANDOM NOTES.
G. H. Umbsen has been appointed by
Judge Seawell referee of the estate of
Margaret Dunn, consisting of property on
the northwest corner of Duncan and San
chez streets, southwest corner of Octavia
and Page streets, north corner of Minna
and New Montgomery, northwest line or
Minna, 118:2 southwest of New Montgom
ery, and on the southeast line of Minna,
20S:8 southwest of New Montgomery.
The following opinion of Attorney Fitz
gerald will be found interesting, stating,
as it does, "that where, in a bona-nde
transaction, real property belonging to
an association (building and loan) is sold,
the terms of the sale being part of the
purchase price paid down and the bal
ance upon deferred payments, the asso
ciation may take a mortgage upon the
property to secure such deferred pay
ments, such a transaction not being a
loan within the accepted meaning of that
term, but in no case should a loan be
made to members in excess of the par
value of the stock subscribed by them."
W. J. Cuthbertson has prepared plans
for three Hats to be built by L. Kutner on
the northwest corner of O'Farrell and La
guna streets, to cost $7000, and at an esti
mated expense of $Sooo for their construc
tion.
Havens & Toepke, the architects, have
prepared plans for three flats on the west
line of Devisadero street, between Turk
and Eddy.
The boards of directors of the building
and loan associations of the State I have
been notified by the Commissioners' to nil
out furnished blanks showing all loans
made any officer or director, with minor
details, such as amount, value of shares
pledged, etc. .. > „
The election at the Builders' Exchange
held yesterday resulted In the following
being chosen directors: Thomas Elam. S.
H. Kent, Thomas McLachlan, G. V. Dan
iels, J. R. Tobin. E. B. Hindes. E. L.
Snell.D. McPhee, James A. Wilson and
John Tuttle. For the eleventh director
a tie resulted between R. Herring and W.
J. Burt. How this will be decided has not
been settled.
CITY CHARTER DISCUSSION.
Municipal League Hears Arguments
on the Proposition for a New-
Organic Law.
ALAMEDA, March 22.— At a regular
meeting of the Municipal League of Ala
meda held last evening, among other
matters of Interest discussed was that
of a new city charter. A debate had b&en
arranged for, E. \V. Maslin naving been
selected to present the affirmative side of
the question and Colonel J. J. Tobin to
handle the negative. Mr. Maslin thought
that, inasmuch as Alameda had grown to
such a pretentious size,' it should be taken
from the lift., class of chartered cities
ajid placed in the third class, where it
properly belongs. He admitted that the
expense in the way of salaries would be
Increased about $3000 per annum, but
thought that tne benefits would far ex
ceed that amount.
Colonel Tobin was a little conservative
in the matter, and doubted the advisa
bility of having the people of Alameda
rush into a new charter scheme. He was
not strictly opposed to It, but thought
the matter should be carefully considered,
Intelligently discussed and cautiously
acted upon. A committee on city charter,
composed of Messrs. Maslin. Tobin, Sloan,
Brown and Majors, was appointed to study
up on the subject and report from time to
time to the league.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, March 22.— Th« borax
works people propose to try the experi
ment of using oil Instead of coal for fuel
and if it prove successful the pottery of
Clark Brothers will imitate the example.
Miss Nellie "\Vlgney died of typhoid fever
--. '.'.'. j^fefc ** f *
Ruction Sales
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD,
Auctioneer 602 Market Street.
Will Sell
THURSDAY AND FRIDAY, March 24 and 25,
At 11 O'clock Each Day,
No. 19 Stockton St., Near Market,
THE ELEGANT FURNITURE AND CARPETS
Contained In 156 rooms oi the hotel known aa
the "European."
Don't miss this sale. All must be sold re- :
gardless of vaiue. ■■• .
IMPWANTIUCTiON SALK
Hardware merchants and dealers in -'utlery
and paints, please take notice that on March
SL ai 11 a. m.. on the premises, 1011 Brofidwr.y.
Oakland. I will sell at public auction .he <-.
tire stock of hardware, cutlery, paint and fi\-
tnres. This stock is new and well selected.
M.. Cashmore is going to the Klond ke imffle-
diately. Stock will be sold as a whole wltno-.t
it serve or limit; sale positive.
M. GERMAN. Auctioneer. ;
at her home, 1562 Railroad avenue, last \
evening" ' ■ *
' A company, has been organized to manu
facture the car fenders patented by I. x . <
Clark of this city and now in successful
use on the street cars here. The fenders
will be introduced in the East.
The new license ordinance was adopted
by the City Trustees last evening. There
were only a few minor changes from' the
figures already published.
The Alameda Driving Association has
elected the following officers for the en
suing year: President, John Thorns;.vice
president, Charles S. Neal: secretary, S.
O. Gott; treasurer, I. L. Borden.
At a meeting last evening the City Trus
tees recommended that more lights and
more benches be placed In the park. It
Is thought that there will be objection to
more lights. .. ■ .
The Alameda Recreation Club Is making
preparations on a grand scale for a mu
sicale to be given at Armory Hall, Thurs
day evening.
Dr. Chapman Retires.
OAKLAND. March Rev. E.- S.
Chapman, D.D., pastor of the Market-
Street Congregational Church, has noti- ;
fled his people that his resignation pre- i
sented some time ago must be accepted. i
He lays down the work of the pulpit to ,
accept the position of president of the
State Anti-Saloon League. The offices
of the church will recommend that he be
granted a six months' leave of absence
so as to enable him to go to Redlands
and Riverside for the campaign next :
month and later to Washington.
.
GIGGLING GIRLS
WERE DISCUSSED
Bachelors and Old Maids Who
Give Advice Regarding
Children Scored.
The Church. Workers' Council Met
Last Evening — A Warm
Debate.
The Church Workers' Council met last
evening at the Grace Methodist Church.
J. J. Morris had charge of the singing
and the praise service and scripture read
ings were conducted by Rev. J. A. B.
Wilson.
Then W. B. Higginbotham told what
he knew about the giggling girl and Mrs.
Glendora Pedler told her experiences with
the irrepressible boy. In the beginning of
her paper she was rather sarcastic about
these bachelors and maidens, especially
when their ages are told in whispers, giv
ing advice how to rear children. She
stated as follows:
"It is a trite saying, 'If you desire to
find one who knows all the mysteries of
science, go not to the sage who has spent
a lifetime in laborious research, but to
the college sophomore, whose egotism is
as boundless as the mysteries of the uni
verse are profound.' If you wish to learn
all about how to raise children and gov
ern them properly, get the opinion of
some bachelor or maiden lady of mature
years.
"When your committee requested me to
read a paper this evening on the subject
of 'The Irrepressible Boy* I begged to be,
excused upon the plea that I possessed
the boy, and consequently knew very
much less about his training than some
one who never owned such a treasure.
"My excuse was not accepted, so I am
here before you not so much to instruct
as to open up a theme which, to me at
least, is of vital interest." '
A debate closed the council. Richard
T. Marrack took the affirmatiye side,
showing that for the amount of time, la
bor and money expended the Sunday
schools are not producing satisfactory re
sults. Rev. W. Melvin Woodward was
on the negative side of the question. The
assembly was rather in favor of the nega
tive view. Rev. H. Pearce made the clos
ing prayer.
POOLSELLEBS EXCITED.
Much Interest Taken in the Case of
Richard Creighton.
In view of the conviction of Dan Crow
ley, the poolseller, by a jury in Judge
Campbell's court Monday afternoon,
much interest was shown in the case of
Richard Creighton, in Judge Low's court
yesterday afternoon. After the venire
of thirty had been exhausted only four
had been accepted and the case was con
tinued till this afternoon, when other
thirty jurors will be passed upon
The cases of Joseph Dow, charged with
selling pools in the basement of the Cafe
Royal, and George Wright, with buying
them, were called in Judse Conlan s
court yesterday morning and continued
for a week. The same action was taken
in Judge Low's court in the cases of John
Connolly and James F. Blanchard, ar
rested in ex-Senator Dunn's room on Ste
venson street, near Third.
Who Is to Blame?
L» C. Burtin, 1426V4 Jackson street,
called at police headquarters yesterday
morning and demanded to know why the
warrant sworn out by him a few days
ago for the arrest of William Howard
was not served upon him before he was
allowed to leave San Quentin Monday,
after serving a term for grand larceny.
lUirtin could not get any satisfaction.
Some one is to blame for allowing the
ungrateful scoundrel to escape and Burtin
means to see who' the party is. Burtin
went on Howard's bonds In September,
3590 and while at liberty he and a com
panion named McCarty broke into Bur
tin's house and stole a large quantity of
jewelry.
Unwelcome Japs Will Appeal.
Ex-Immigration Commissioner Walter j
P. Stradley, O. K. McMurray and Henry i
Monroe, counsel for the thirty-three Japs !
refused a landing last Monday on the |
ground that they were contract laborers,
have given notice that they will appeal to
the Secretary of the Treasury and the
Commissioner General of Immigration .
against the decision of the local board of j
inquiry.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
T Davis, Salinas [G A Holmes, Napa
B M Gill, Dunsmuir !A Woodman & w, Cal
W ueorge Sacto IS Edwards, S Josa
A Bernhelm. Sacto J T Brown, Cal
E Dei Boca. Paris L LteDhart. Denver
C L White, Sacto j Miss Llebhart, Colo
Miss Burge. Shanghai , L B Duby. Neb
W Hicks & w, NY J N Anvall, Neb
J MeArthur. S Jose ij Kintiale. San Jose
A McSorley.S Andras G Wood & w, S Jose
V Bugnole. South C J F Klllson. H Bluff
C Vlclnl, South Crk M Isaacs, lone
Mrs Hawkins, Cal W Buckman. Sacto
P King & w. 111 W C Waters. Salinas :
C H Simon*, Redding A ShlnKle, 1^ Gatos
J Nunan. Oregon W M Hill. Ix>s Ang
M Steinlng S Rosa , J McLaughlin, SRosa
Mrs Steinin. S Rosa 8 B Fulton, S Rosa
R Farrell, Nevada L Wlthey. G Rapids
F Hcntnldt.- Portland IC Rugglee, Stockton
A Sparks. Los Ang ]G B Powers, . Napa
A Rummenberg. Cal | W Burnhart, C, Rpds
F Clark. P Robles ! T Mayfield, Tougrville
Mtss E Dowling, Mas R C Griffin. S Jose
J A Dowling, Mass C Hughes, Chicago
Mrs Rad^llfT, Mass |B F Burch, Spokane
D L Taylor, N V w Gargord. Angeles
A J lludson, Fresno Mrs Butler, Cnlo
W Fisher, Los Ang : L Walker, Denver
R A Blair, Sacto W C Good. S Rosa
E Armstrong, Woodld , Lieut L de Wladlmir&
C McCusaion. S Cru2 i w, St Petersburg
A Buddendale, Pac G 1
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE!
SURREYS, BIGGIES, WAG3NS, CARTS,
HARNESS, ETC.,
At our salesrooms. 222 MISSION STREET.
SATURDAY, March 26. at 11 a. m.
We are instructed by the manufacturers to
sell the entire consignments, consisting of 100
s, Carriages, spring Wagons, Carts,
Harness, etc. Two carloads just received.
These vehicles are of the best workmanship,
latest styles, nicely painted and trimmed and
the choicest stock that has been offered at
auction in this city.
Be sure t.> attend, for it will be a day of
great bargains.
Sale positive. No reserve or limit.
ALLISON. NEFF & CO.
Sn.LIVAN & POYLE. Auctioneers.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL..
H C Geductf. Bftcta P dp Martini. Vlsalia
E Renanrl. Sacto .T ICclntoeh, Sta Rosa
.T Watson, Napa 0 Bannerman. Petalma
i£ A Krouse. Honduras ij Andrews, Stockton
s M Jonea & W, M.iss M p Howard, Hanford
G Hatch. Cal C M Storey. Colfax
W E Armstrong & w, O yon Schuter. t, Ang
Montana H B Lyons. Chicago
.T Williams. Cal iL B Murphy, San Jos«
■T A «'unda!l. L, Ang Is E Ballard. Snta Rosa
J Durke. Rio Vista |X G Perkins, San Joae
BALDWIN HOTEL.
D Earl. Chicago F Keating, Pleasanton,
M E Harris, Oakland C A Lemp, St Louis
W B Rankin. L Gatos W R Clark. Stockton
L Thomas. Oakland L Harris, Monterey
II Silbersteln, Chico G Bellinger, S Joae
T N Brooks, Seattle A Alper. Chicago
W Young Denver J Hollingsberry, Cal
W J Leet, S Jose Ike Levy & w, Cal
T Brown. Stockton R Hutchison, L GatoC
G E Hinton. Stockton J Shore, L Gatos
R H Graves. Stockton I R M Moore. Illinois
Mrs Cobb, Stockton | M G Bencort, N V
PALACE HOTEL.
E McCagg ft w. Ch«o Miss F Allen. St Paul
Miss Craig. Rochester: Mlfs Dolhelms. N T
J Harrison, St Louis ,E C Hazard, N T
G rurtis, S Jose Mrs Hazard. N V
B Su-inman. Sacto Dr Pierce. San Jog*
E Runge. Shanghai IDr Baumgarten, N T
Miss Kunge, Shanghai ;C Converse, Boston
R Kochman, NY * Scathered & w. N X
A Brayton, Oakland • W Warren, N T
G Bollard, Chicago Mrs Warren. N V
O wr.allard. Chicago j Mrs W Badger, Mas»
R Brady & w. Mich !w A Rodgers. N V
ICisa Hlake, Mich I Mrs W Rodsrers, N T
<: l: Blake. Mich L Luhhardt. Denver
F D Le Compte. N V Miss I.nbharnt. Dfnrt
J A Dubbs. Pa C i^tatlfr. Chicago
P McConnell. N V [Mrs Svnier. Chicago
Miss McConnell, N Yi.T W Reid. London
Miss Leighton. NY H Harrington. Pa
C Clark & w, S Rosa Mrs H Onrlinrton. Pa
B X BHm, Boston It, Delwnrth. Pa
B A Rice. NY I H A Trovter. London
G A Kelly. Pa :.T Bearri. London
A Hohenthal, NT i.T S Tonln. Cal
J Burd & w. St Louis T M Oumpe!. Ind
H Goodfellow, Mo .1 E Hind?, N V
E Woltmann, N V i.T D Hntre. Seattle
E T Ryder, Boston W A Bnwdcn. S .TnsC
A Chnrtz, Nevada H H Mnody, Boston
T Hurley. Virginia Cy.Mr? Moody. ~?ton
Baron Yon Schroder. F Johnson. P Rafael
Sun Rafael C Moore, X V
Baron A yon Schroder, Mrs Moore, N V
Sun Rafael H Fatton. Lob Anr
M H Foley. St Paul L Withey. G Rapids
A J Pent. London W Barnharrtt, Grandß
G B Swayne. NY C H Stevens, Boston
F D Stlnson, Phlla W B Onitre*. Wash
Mrs Follansbee, Wls Mrs Galtree. Wash
Miss Porter. N V W Barton, Boston
F M Cook, Pa ]C H Albfers. St Louts
Miss Walton. Pa J A Connell. Colo
Mrs Dibblee. Chicago Mrs ConnHl. Colo
Miss nihhlee. Chicago R Smith. N T
J H Allen & w,S Paul W Bnumgartee. N T
Miss Allen. St Paul c H Converse, Boston
Humboldt said that a single pound of
the finest spider webs would reach around
the world.
/""~lk Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
aLai|| (>2>J HEARSi V NT. Established
B^p*'!! in 185* for the treatment ot I'iivata
JM. Ifk-Wm Diseases, Lost Manhood.. Debility or >
HmMhASi disease rearing i) 1 1 body and mind and .
i|Tji|TgjrjCfl£J skin Incases. The doctorcures when
' -iii.-isfitH. Try him. Charges low.
vO*aiS.<*ils£s I'nrrACuaraDlcod. Callorwrite. '
Or. J. £'. taUBO.N', Bex 1097. Sau Francisco.
■ OCEAN TRAVEL.
ifir^f^^tW&SSnlKS* sails vla Honolulu and
mf ghi» afa tSm 11^ Auckland for Sydney
K|v*~. ?z3{< Wednesday, March 23.
PKHatBIIA Tne s - s - MO ANA
l3nflniL S3 ' [s via Honolulu and
• y«aa«W Auckland for Sydney
|| Wednesday. March 23,
'a-i?w*-W S'twrn^nin J aS. S. ZEALANDIA.
\mM? CyIMIIDIIiJ/- for Honolulu only.
X2>iss^ <nfTIR7IP/, L » Wednesday. April 6,
«^^ VyifUIMSJ 2p. m . Special party
rates.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Au»tralla. and CAPB
TOWN. South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents. '
\■ *\ ■ • 114 Montgomery street. (
■ Frelgth Office— 327 Market st., San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co. ,
sjfek,—^ Steamers leave Broadway
HHHESBk wharf. San Francisco:
■ H£iK!!jM»fc For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
! MKg&rtlS^ March 2. 7. 12. 17. 22. 27, April
■jPMMB \4Yy 1. Transferred at Seattle.
Bj»3|ijr^ ><wa* For Alaskan ports (from
I ''^vStS&i'Sil Pl>ear street wharf), 10 a. m..
March 2. 6, 10. 14. IS. 22, 26. 30.
"■*» Transferred at Portland. Or. ■
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C). Port Town-
send Seattle. Taeoma, Everett. Anacortes and
New' Whatcom (Wash.). 10 a. m.. March 2. 7.
12 17 ■ 22 -27 ■ and every fifth day thereafter,
connecting at Seattle with company's steam-
e?s for Alaska and G. N. Ry.. at Taeoma with
N P Ry at Vancouver with C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 10 a. m..
March 3. 9. 15, 21. 27. and every sixth day
" For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Slm#on.
Cavuco" Port Harford (San Luis Obispo).
C.avlota' Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hti°nanw.
c. n Pedro East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport 9 am.. March 2. 6. 10 14. 13. 22. W.
30 and every fourth day thereafter. - •
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
i<w Antreies and Redondo (Los Angeles*. U
■jf m * March 4. 8. 12. 16. 20. M. 38. and every
fourth day thereafter. Bay. fan Jose del
For Fnsenada, Magdalen.i Pay San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. -Altata. La-Pa*. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaynias (Mex.). 10 a. m.. March 8.
April 3 an.l M of each month thereafter.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
a TICKET- OFFIOE-Palace Hotel. 4 New
M GOODALL. PERKINS ■* CO.. Gen. A*U.. .
vw 77)0 Market street. San Franclsoo.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
• From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m. -
pipe .«!2 First Clns* Inclu^? ( , fl ?? rtl *
rAKC •, ,c 8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Ftate of California ............ Mar. 2. 10 18. M
Columbia Mar. 6, 14, n, s»
Through Tickets arid Throuph Baggage to all
Eastern Points. - Rates and Folders Upon Ap-
plication to ward _ General Agent -
630 Market at.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
Compagaie Generate Transatlaotiqtie.'
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new) 42 North .
River foot of Morton st. Travelers <gtgY>S
by this line avoid both transit, by — • 11 ***
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
thr channel in a small boat. New York -to
■Alexandria? ypt. via Paris, first class JIM:
La°champaone Ma rch ,, 26 10 a.m.
t a TUII7KOOGNE April 2. 10 a. m.
ta BRETAQNE April 9, 10 a. m.
LA GASCOGNE ...:• April 23. 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to • .
COM PAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIOL'E A? p nt-
' No 3. Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FTT.AZT & CO.. Agents. 5 Montgomery
aye., Pan Francisco^ ■
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3. Washington St.. at 9
-p. m. Daily. -- . • -. - .
FREIGHT REv^iJlvKu L** TO 5:30 P. M.
Accommodations reserved . by telephone.
The only line selling through tickets and glid-
ing through freight rates to all points on th«
Valley Railroad. - ■ - .
?■ ■ STEAMERS:
T C. WALKER. : CITY OF STOCKTON.
MARY GARRATT. D. PETERS.
Telephone Main 805. Cal.Nav." and Impt. Co.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEm
'._'':' Steamer " Monticellp"
Mon., Tues>.,- >.<=a.',: Thin*, noli sat ..".: - "
9:45 a. in., 3:15 p. m. CS:3o:p.'in. ex. Thurs.)'
Fridays Y.... :....:. ...... .:i p. m. and 8:30 p.- m.
Sundays :.."..r...:. 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m. .
I Landing and Offices— Mission Dock.'; Pier 2.' :
"• Telejhone. Red 2241. . : ■
For , Sad Jose, Los Gatos & Santa Cruz
bleatne'r. Alviso leaves" 'I'ieri daUy (Sunday «,
excepted) at 10 a. in.; Alvlsu daily (Saturday*
= excepted) • at 5 p. m. Freight. and Passengers.-
Fare between : San • Francisco and -■ Alvlao. •■ 60c:
to San Jose. 75c. Clay street. Pier 1. 41 NorUi
first street, San Jose, ■ -' - • - ,
1112
THE BOOKS QUIT
LOSER AGAIN
Tod Sloan Piloted Three
Well Backed Choices
to Victory.
La Parasseuse Won the Kin
dergarten Event at Odds
of 4O to 1.
H«rry Thoburn Suffered Defeat— Lord
Mnrmion Landed His Race Very
Handily.
It was a dull day at Inpleside yester
day and ri° kin & dinners was a precari
ous vocation. Tod Sloan appeared to
good advantage again, piloting three
winners past the finishing post first, all
heavily backed choices in the ring, and
they were the only favorites that did
earn brackets.
Atkin & Lottrige sprung a surprise
In the two-year-old event with La
Parasseuse, against v.hieh as good as
40 to 1 was at one time laid. The Em
peror of Norfolk filly with Clawson in
the saddle led her field from the jump,
and ridden out at the wire downed
Ezell's Don't Tell a head. Winifred,
the 6 to 5 favorite, piloted by Tod
Sloan, finished in the show.
In the six furlong sprint which fol
lowed Sloan was more successful. He
threw his leg over the 7 to 5 favorite
Newsgatherer, and, not making his
move until the stretch was reached,
■won driving, a head before the 20 to 1
outsider Fig Leaf. Lodestar ran a
smashing good race, ending up in the
show.
Sloan repeated the trick on Lord
Marmlon in the six furlong sprint next
decided. The McManus entry was an
even money favorite throughout the
betting, and in front all the way won
easily from Glorian. The best the sec
ond choice, Torsida, could do was to
finish third.
Tulare with Wally Weaver up ruled
a slight favorite over Del Paso in the
betting on the mile selling event. Long
prices were laid against the other start
ers. It proved an easy thing for the
latter horse, which shook his field off
early in the running and led Claudius
past the judges with considerable to
Fpare. Tulare landed in the show.
It looked as though Won't Dance had
fallen heir to a purse in the mile
affair fifth on the card, but the mare
had to run some to win. Ballister had
speed for half the distance, when Sloan
shook the favorite up and at the end
■was urged along to beat Odds On less
than a length in 1:41^. Bonita, the
second choice, interfered with consider
ably, was third.
The talent fell hard over the result
of the final seven furlong run, decided
•under selling conditions. Harry Tho
burn was sent to the post a 5 to 2
favorite, while Meadow Lark with Tod
Sloan was equally as well backed at a
shade longer price. When the barrier
was released, the latter and Sutton
•were left at the post. Harry Thoburn
led until the final sixteenth, where he
was passed by both Robair and Miss
Lynah, the first-named horse a 7 to 1
phot, winning in a drive by a head.
*
TRACK NOTES.
Starter Caldwell's work with the grate has
been excellent. He was evidently a trifle hasty,
though, in the final start, which accounted for
Button and Meadow Lark being left.
Ed CorrigaJi set his coin down good and
thick on Won't Dance.
Harry Thoburn appeared a trifle sore In his
preliminary gallop, due to an accident to his
foot received in a race some days back at
Oakland.
Master O'Connor did his level best and rode
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB-Ingleside Track-122d day of the
Winter Meeting. Tuesday. March 22. 1898. Weather fine.
Track fast.
yn FIRST RACE— Three and a half furlongs; maiden two-year-olds ; purse, $3DO.
[orses.
:t.
760 La Parasseuse 108 2
642 Don't Tell 114 1
766 Winifred 113! 9
622 The Miller 109 5
714 San Augustine 113; 6
... Sweet Cakes 115110
756 Rio Chlco 116 7
76« Reina de Cuba 112! 11
... Somber 115H2
... Hermlta 115| 3
742 Zaccatosa 115! 4
742 Master Buck 106! 8
... San Ramon US \i
1 3
3 4
7 1
6 4
8 3
9 2
• . 4
12
11
2 3
4 h
10 1
13
1 3
3 1
6 %
7 S
12
9 1
4 h
10
11
2 3
6 h
8 1
13
1 h
2 14
3 4
4 3
5 h
6 h
7 h
8 %
9 1
10 1
11 2
12
13
Clawson
Shields
T. Sloan
O. Wilson....
Burck
Hennessy
Conley
20
10
6-5
10
30
8
10
4
5
20
8
5
30
20
15
6-5
20
30
12
12
C
20
12
8
20
Gray
Clayton
Macklln
IMclntyre ....
H. Martin....
J. Narvacz...
Time :43>4~ Winner. Atkln & Lottridge's b. f. by Emperor of Norfolk-The
start. Won first three driving.
Fair
77.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $350.
695 Newsgatherer, 4 — 103 6
430 Fig Leaf. 4.... 101 4
720 Lodestar. 4 103 3
290 The Plutocrat, 4....10G 2
733 Cabrlllo, 6 109 5
73-: K. Q. Ban. 6 11« 7
765 Judge Stouffer, 4... 110 l
(746) Yemen, a I<>6 8
763 Lone Princess. 4. -.101 •
7 h
1 ti
2 h
6 h
3 1
5 h
4 h
7 2
1 1
4 4
6 h
5 1
33
8
2 14
5 1
14
4 4
7 1
6 1
34
8
2 Vi
1 h
2 1
3 4
4 4
5 h
6 3
7 6 '
8
T. Sloan
McNirhols ...
Clawson
Dorsey
Weaver
Henneßsy
6-5
20
6
30
6
8
15
4
6
7-5
20
12
30
15
10
20
4
6
Mclntyre ....
H. Martin....
s~*
!Gray
ThneNtfttl. Winner, C. P. Fink's b. g. by Enquirer-Bonnie Meade. Good start. Won
first thrff drivinr.
78.
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds; purse, $500.
74!> Lord Marmlon .^ 114
737 Glorian 114
63." Toretda 113
757 Fonsovannah . . 14
! 1
I
'■ 4
2
1 1
2 h
3 h
4
1 2
2 %
3 3
4
1 1
2 14
3 3
- 4
1 2
2 1
3 3
4
T. Sloan
1
8
8-6
5
6-5
15
7-5
8
Clayton
H. Martin....
Clawson
Time. r.HVs-
Won easily.
Winner. J. MacManus 1 i.r. c. by St. Carlo-Lady Marmlon.
Good start.
779.
Indt»x. II
FOURTH EtA.CE— One mile, selling: four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Horses. Wetefat. St". Km. %NT %nT Str! Fin. | Jockeys. 'Op. cT.
Ind»'x. Horses.
'eight.
»,im*.
r.
100 Del Paso 11, 5 112; 3
740 Claudius, a 112 2
73« Tulare. 4 IOC I
752 Lucky Star, 4 105 5
f.38 Attlcus, 4 1051 8
760 Outgo 6 109 1
125 Naranja, 4 103 7
544 Queen Safie, 4 103 R
733 Walter J. 5 112 *
2 h
4 1
6 '4
3 IV4
6 4
1 14
7 4
8
2 h
4 1
fi V.
3 14
6 M
1 14
7 4
8
14 13
3 4 "34
4 > 2 * 4 4
2 14 2 4
7 14 i »i
53 6 1
6 1 "3
3 8
1 14
2 h
3 10
4 1
5 1
6 1
7 2
8
i
j
:H: H ennessy ...
Conley
Weaver
Stufftet
Stevens
| Van Kuren..
2
3
7-3
6
15
12
8
10
10
5-2
8
20
20
12
15
15
Cray
Macklin '
G. Wilson ..
*I_. p f t
Time! 1:48. Winner. McCjllough & Co.'s br. h. by Darebin-Bavaria.
cleverly.
Fair start.
Won
FIFTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horses. Weight. l St. Urn. Mm. %m. Btr. Fin. I Jocke
721 Won't Dance, 5 105 -
7t;t Orison. 3 N I
(636) BonltO, 3 M 3
7R2 Bt-ttater. 3 96 4
721 Badle Schwartz. 3...59 i 5
3 n
2 4
6
1 h
4 h
24
3 2
4 4
1 n
6
14
4 ■■',
3 4
2 1
6
1 ns
2 n
3 4
4 10
5
1 1
2 1
3 20
4 20
5
Sloan ....
wson
iy
2-5
4
4
30
s<i
2-5
8
7-2
200
100
y
Woods
Time. 1:41%.
Won easily.
Winner. E. Corrigan's b. m. by Longfellow-Can Dance.
Good
start.
rrOl SIXTH RACE— Seven
"Index. Horses! W«i*ht.!s£
and upward; purse, $350.
%m.
:r.
745 Robair. 4 188
Rl Miss Lynah. 6 l fl 2
K.B Harry Thoburn, 4.. 11 l
750 Twinkle Twlnk, 4.. 106
747 Coda. 5 I"*>
Cfifi Charles A, a IPS
715 Our Climate, 6 104
762 Cromwell. 6 11l
762 Soniro. 4 105
atl) Sutton. 4 10S
TGo Mpadow Lark, 6.. .1081
' 2
6
1
5
[I
8
I 9
I 4
I 7 *
I m
I • ■
2 1 1 /.
5 h
■•■■ 1 h-
6 1
4 4
7 1
9
3 h
■ 8 4
2 1%
4 2
}?•
7 1
5 1
6 h
8 4
3 h
"*9
2 2
4 1
I 4
I 1
8 1
' 4
3 h
9
1 h '
3 1
im
4 V 4
C 3
7 4
5 4
C 1
9
1 h
2 14
3 h
. 4 1
6 6
6 h
7 h
' 8 10
8
mtey
Connor
lawson
cDonald ...
ray
. Wilson
clntyre
ennessy ...
nos
orsey
s
3
3
15
10
30
30
8
30
A
5-2
8
5
6-2
25
25
100
60
10
150
8
3
Sloan
Time 1-28 Winner, T. H. Ryan's br. c. by Imp. Rotherlll-Merry Maiden. Good start
ceept Lark and Sutton. Won first three driving.
a good race 00 Miss Lynah. but with Sloan up
It would have been a cake-walk for the mare.
TO-DAY'S ENTRIES.
First Race — Five-eighths of a mile; maiden
three-year-olds.
738 Scintillate 11l 716 Lona Marie ....10.1
572 Defiant H3i ... Toridio 113
T:2 Hertha 11l ••• Daisy F 11l
723 Texarkana 116' 75S Hohenlohe 110
75S Aprona 11l I 320 Al Gorta 11l
7.'.* Df-serette 111! ... Savanosola 11l
... Majcalone 113' 716 Octoruck 107
753 Bonlta R 10". 759 Notice Me 103
Second Race— Three-quarters of a mile; sell
ing.
763 Lone Princess., .1W 73» Alma 103
(707) Scarf Pin 103 771 Rubicon l-':s
74S Amelia F0M0...106 72S Pat Murphy ...108
(765) Chappie UK
Third Race— Eleven-sixteenths of a mile;
selling.
674X11h.au 109! 807 Hlmera 109
758 MuMrew I™ 764 Twlnkler 114
723 Royal Nan ....If 9 ... Sardonic 11l
626 El Roco 106 722 Oahu IDS
Fourth Race— Half mile; two-year-olds.
(760)Mau,l Persußon.lia fi^S Ach 113
748 Oral bee l» 718 Prlmavera 110
... May Street 113 658 Obsidian 113
(756)Formero 113
Fifth Race — One mile.: handicap.
411, Caspar 112 771 Briar Swept ...107
(774\joe rilman ....10? (762) Scarborough . ...104
(74?)Kecreation IM 679 Mori nei 9S
Sixth Race— One mil?: selling.
764 Good Friend ...1071 (640) Ed Gartland 11.105
(7R3)Watomba 1041 (775) Dr. Marks 105
727 Daily R. Form. 103. 762 Gotobed 103
SELECT ON3 FOR TO-DAY.
First Race— Hohenlohe, Maxalone, Aprona.
Second Race— Rubicon, Scarf Pin, Pat Mur
phy.
Third Race— Twinkler. Muldrew, Oahu.
Fourth Race— Maud Ferguson, Formero. Ob
sidian.
Fifth Race— Joe Ullman, Briar Sweet, Recre
ation.
Sixth Race— Ed Gartland 11. Gotobed, Good
Friend. __________ —
FALLEN FROM GRACE.
Eugene C. Bichet, a Member of the
Y. M. C. A., Charged With
Petty Larceny.
Members of the Toung Men's Christian
Association who frequent the gymnasium
have been complaining for some weeks
I about money and jewelry being stolen
from their lookers while they were exer-
A watch was instituted and suspicion fell
upon Eugent C. Riehet, the son of a well
known capitalist, who was a member of
the association. It was decided to set a
trap for Riehet, and a few days ago a
' purse containing $7 50 was left in the
pockets of G. Campini. one of the fre
quenters of the gymnasium. Riehet was
observed to open Campini's locker and an
1 examination showed that the purse was
pone The young man was charged with
the theft and admitted his guilt in pres
ence of his father, who promised to make
: all losses good.
The promise was not fulfilled and yester
day F. A. Jackson, one of the assistant
i secretaries of the association, swore to a
warrant in Judge Conlan's court for the
| arrest of Riehet on the charge of petty
larceny. . . .
It is said that money and watches and
other jewelry to a considerable amount
have been stolen from the lockers recent
ly and Riehet is blamed for being the
thief.
GRIGGS ON PURGATORY.
The Learned Lecturer Speaks Before
a Large Audience.
Another entertaining lecture on Dante
was delivered by Professor Griggs of
Stanford University yesterday under the
: auspices of the Charming Auxiliary.
His particular subject was the poet's
i "Purgatory." He described the different
; portions of the book and quoted many of
1 the passages. Next week he will speak
on "Paradise."
The First Unitarian Church, where the
lecture was delivered, was crowded,
there being over 320 persons present.
NEWSPAPER THIEVES.
A reward of $10 is offered for the
arrest and conviction of any person
caught stealing copies of this paper
from the doors of subscribers.
■ ♦ ■
Careless Drivers.
Eugene Driscoll, a teamster, was ar
rested yesterday afternoon on a charge
of battery. He was driving on Sherwood
place and knocked down Sarah Bodago.
a little girl. Instead of waiting to see
whether the little girl was injured, Dris
coll drove rapidly off and was chased and
captured by Policemen Regan and Perry.
Chue Lum, a peddler of shrimps, ran Into
a bicyclist, W. R-- Morgan, 1630 Market
street", yesterday afternoon, at Third and
Howard streets, and demolished his bi
cycle, besides injuring Morgan. Lum was
arrested by Policeman T. C. Murphy on
a charge of batter.. _ _
. ♦ «
Headache Quickly Cured.
Dr. Davis' Anti-Headache never fails. 25c*
THE SAS FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MABCH 2P, 1898.
WANT A RECORD OF
GASOLINE PLANTS
The Fire Department Said to
Be in Favor of New
Regulations.
Acetylene Gas Considered a Stand
ing Memice to Property in
This City.
The Fire Committee of the Board of
Supervisors discussed the proposed
amendments to the fire ordinance yes
terday, but decided to lay the matter over
for future consideration in order to give
the department an opportunity to formu
late its plans. Supervisor Britt had the
following amendment to section 107 pre
pared:
"No person or persons, firm or corpora
tion, snail erect any works, apparatus,
gas machine or machinery of any kind
for the manufacture of illuminating gas
within the city and county of San Fran
cisco without permission of the Board of
Supervisors."
It was explained that the amendment
waß Introduced at the Instance of the
Fire Department so that a perfect record
of all gas and gasolfne plants could be
kept. The record was desired for the
protection of property owners, gasoline
plants being deemed a menace at all
times, acetylene gas, the product of gaso
line, being considered combustible and
explosive to a dangerous degree.
The committee was advised that the
amendment as proposed was not strictly
legal and the matter was put over for a
week to give Fire Marchal Towne a
chance to report on the subject.
■ m ■
BURGLARS GET DRUNK.
Two Peddlers Arrested After Being
Thrown Out of a Wagon
and Injured.
Three men shortly before noon yester
day entered the stable of Andrew Cas
sidy, 430 Tenth street, and stole 1000 grain
sacks and 500 pounds of rope. They placed
their plunder in a wagon and drove off.
Policemen Staples and Wall were no- i
tified and they chased the burglars as far
as Seventeenth street, where they lost
sight of them.
About three hours later two men were
found in an unconscious condition on i
Thirteenth and Stevenson streets. They
had been thrown out of a wagon which
had been driven rapidly away by the third
party, who was the driver.
The two men were taken to the Receiv- ;
ing Hospital in the patrol wagon from the i
Seventeenth-street Police Station and it
was found that both were principally suf
fering from the shock to their systems.
One of the two, James McDonough, a ped
dler living at 1046 Bryant Street, had ins
nose fractured, but as he did not appear
to be suffering from the shock as much
as his companion he was taken to the
City Prison after his broken nose had i
been fixed up. His companion, James O.
Donnelly, was detained at the hospital.
Policemen Staples and Wall recognized
them as tv. o of the trio that robbed Cas
sidy's stable and they will be charged
with burglary as soon as the police have
succeeded in capturing the third man.
Both McDonough and Donnelly were
very drunk, and it is supposed that after
they had sold the sacks and rope they i
got drunk on the proceeds and drove so
recklessly that the horse ran away,
throwing" the two out.
Contests Her Mother's Will.
Mrs. Annie White filed a contest in the
Superior Court yesterday against the pro
bating of the will of her mother, Mrs. El
len Bolton, who died in February, 1896,
■ leaving an estate valued at $100,000. Mrs.
. \\ hite alltges that at the time of the
drawing of the will the testatrix was not
of sound or disposing mind and that sne
: was unduly influenced by those who, un
, der the will, are named as the principal
beneficiaries.
I REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Nina M. Crlttenden (wife of James L.) to
■William I. Stone, lots 11 and 12, block 250,
OS. and H. Tract, Quitclaim deed; $150.
Herman Main to Mane Main, lot on NE line
of Twentieth avenue, 150 NW of I street. NE ,
100 by N\V 150, block 3Ss9, South San Francisco
Homestead and Railroad Association; Rift.
Joseph I. Lawless to Marten B. Joost, lot
on S line of Stanton street, 85:5 of Douglass,
S SS deg. IS mln., W 102:5, 8 65 deg. 30 mm., W
172:7, N 2S deg. 6 mm., W 50, N 54 Ueg. 45
mm., E 196. S 88 deg. 25 mm., E SO. block 14,
Market-street Homestead Association; also lot
on W line of Falcon street. 162:3 S of Pearl
alley, S 42 dee. 31 mm., W 75. N 56 detc. 15 j
mln., W 126:6. N 3S deg. 24 mm.. E 7ti:3, S 56 i
deg.. E 131, lot 5. block 22, same; $10.
Mrs. Willie Perkins (wife of H. L. Perkins), i
Mrs. Sallie or Sarah B. Hood. Florence Atwood
and John H. or H. Morris (by EL L. Perkins.
attorney) to Milton Lambeth, lot on W line |
of FHlmore street, 70:3 Vi S of Jackson, S 32:4%
by W ICS (quit-claim deed); $fOOO.
Florence Mills to Francis 8. Page, lot on N
line of Sacramento street, 90:6 \V of Fillmore.
W 2\:3 by N 128; $10.
Mrs. Annie Clarke (wife of C. R. Clarke) to
George Fredericks, lot on \V line of Maker
street. 112:6 S of Golden Gate avenue, S 25 by
W 121:10%; $10.
G. A. and Mary A. Stewart (Leach) to
Charles \V. Smyth, lot on P line of Hill street,
101:9 W <>f Church, W 50:11 by S 114; $10.
Patrick Anglin to Annie Anglin, lot on E
line of Bryant street, 20S S of Twenty-fourth,
S 7S by E 100; also lot on E line ot Bryant !
street. 182 S of Twenty-fourth, S 26 by E 100;
also lot 4(1, block 6, Flint Tract Homestead As- I
soclation; also property in outside counties; $1.
Stefano Cam]>odf«nlco to Teresa Camp^donico,
re-record 1765 d '602, of lot on W line of Pow
ell street, '«2:6 S of Greenwich, S 22:6 by W 70;
also undivided two-thirds of lot on N line of
VallejO street, 206:3 W of Powell, \V 68:9 by N
137:(i; sift.
Mary M. B. Martin to David Brooks, lot on
E line of Ninth avenue, 60 S of C street. S 50
by E 100; $10.
Joseph T. and Susie L. Griffin to Amelia S.
Damon, lot on \V line of Fortieth avenue. 34:4
S of S street. S 23»:4. W 120. N 247:11. SE to
beginning; also lot on W line of Fortieth ave
nue. 1(0 N of T street. N 50 by \V 120; $5.
Phebe A. Hearst to J. H. Meredith lot on W
line of First avenue. 217:6 S of Presidio
Reservation, S 25 by W 12u; $10.
Annie and John Lycett to Susan E. Plymire i
(wife of James A. Plymire), lot on W line ?t
Elsie (Cherubusco) street, 200 S of EsmeraJda,
S 25 by W 70, lot 404, gilt map 3; $10.
liattie Taylor to Johan B. Reite. lot on SE ;
corner of Powhattan and Peralta streets, E 50 |
by S 95, Bernal Heights; $10.
Frank B. Day. administrator, etc. (b> R. I.
Whelan. Sheriff) to Amelia G. Webber (two
thirds) and Mary Lloyd Swain (one-third), lot
on 8 line of Minerva street, ISO W of Capitol,
W -i.'J Uy S 126, lot 4, block O, Railroad Hume
stead Association; $1684.
Henry and Eliza Stern to Morris and Annie
Lando. lot on S line of Ellis street, 165 \V of
OctSvVia, W 27:6 by S 120; $750.
Morris and Annie Lando to Ellen Kearns,
same, $10.
Jesse S. Potter to Melissa A. Potter, lot on
N line of Pacific avenue, 192:9 W of Buchanan, >
W 45 by N 132:7»*. To correct 16."1 d 315; gift.
Estate of Miranda W. Lux (by Thomas B.
Bishop and Azro N. Lewis, trustees,) to same.
quitclaim deed.
Alexander Nerson to Henriette Nerson, lot
on N line of Clay street, 165 E of Fillmore, E
25 by N 127 :S',i ; gift.
John J. Linehan to Isabella Linehan, lot on
NE corner Sacramento and Locust streets, hi
137 :>; by N 127:8^: $10.
('•instant in.; B. A. Poerster to Alice 0.. Anna
M. and George A. and August H. Theuerkauf, ,
undivided 8-WJ ol following: Lot on W line ol i
ShotweU street, ISS N of Twenty-first. N 45
by W 122:0; also lot on W line of Dolores,
170 N or Seventeenth, W 102; thence N to S
line of Church Lane, E 106, S 120; also prop
erty In outside counties: $10.
Alice <> Anna M., (Jeorge A. and August H.
Theuerkauf and Alice C). Theuerkauf (as ad
niiniptiatrix of the estate of Eliza Theuerkaui)
to Constantlne E. A. Foerster, lot on W line
of Dolores street, 114 X of Seventeenth. W 105
by N 56; $10.
Samuel C. and Anna E. Mills to Sarah C.
MarteH, lot on X line of Twenty-fifth street,
82 :G W of Shotwell, W 20 by S 75; $5.
Joseph, Florence, Abraham. Jesse, Marcus S.
and Corinne S. Koshland to Rosine Koshland,
!ot nn N line of California street. 91:8 E of !
Drumm, E 38:1%, NE 9:6V4. N 131:11%. W 45:10,
S 137:'.,: «lv.
Jane Finney or Phinney to Frank Marlni.
lot on W line of Mason street. 68:9 N of Green,
N 34:4% by W 137:6, quitclaim deed; $10.
Jane Finney vs. Emma Rogers Lynn, Eva
and Elizabeth Philips, Sarah Seguine and as
administratrix of the estate of George W. j
Philips and Mrs. Henry Falke, guardian (by
J. A. Weston, referee) to same, same: $3000.
Joseph Peers to Pierre and Therese Escofflcr
lot on N line of Pacific street, 105 E of Taylor
E 20 by N 62:6; $10.
Thomas Magee to Helen C. Magee (wife of
Thomas), lot on N line of Sutter street 68:7%
B of Taylor, E 22:9%. X to point 41 1 N of
Sutter and 56:4% E of Taylor. X to point 657 j
N of Sutter and S6:S% E of TayW. X to point '
on S line of alley, W 22:0"*. S 12:10%. E o:9^ S i
16:3. W 1:11%. S B2:«%; also lot on N line'of
Broadway, 50 W of Devlsadero street, w 64 by
N 137:6: gift.
William R. Hearst to Wlllard C. Doane and
Ludwig M. Hoefler, lot on NW line of South
street. 300 SW of Seventh. SW Kfi more or less
W 369:6, NE 337:6. SE 240. quitclaim deed; $5.
Charles Rutton and Charles W. Banks
(Charles Srtton & Co., Insolvents) by D. G
Scofield. receiver, to Henry Wadsworth. lot on
E line of Harrison street, 50 S of Solano, S 75
by E 124:3: MO.
Thomas W. and Katherine A. Rivers to Ru
dr.lph F. and Augusta Hagen, lot on E line of
Nebraska street. 25 S of Nineteenth (Butte),
B S by E ISO; $10
Mlrhael J. Savage to Jennie A. Scott (wile
of Walter A.). l ot on E line of Tenth avenue,
200 H of II street S 25 by E 120; $10.
John Lohse to Wllhelm Lohse, re-record 1330
d SG, undivided half of lot on W corner of
Naples and Hrazil streets. ITW l°o by S\V 75.
lots 1 to 4. Julius L Franklin's subdivision
of block 46. Excelsior Homestead; $.">O.
Charles Bradley to Mary A. Bradley (wife of
Charles), lot on SE line of Chenery street, ISS
SW of Roanoke, S\V 25 by SE 100. lot 10, block
2, Fairmount; $5.
Alameda County.
Julia Gale to Simon Si' herg. lot on N
line of Dennison street »5 W of Park avenue.
W 30 by N 100, block A. Shell Mound Tract:
also lot on W line of Park avenue, 37 N of
Dennfeon street, N 3» by W 95. block A. same,
East Oakland; also lot on N\V corner of
Mountain View avenue and Olive street, N 10"j
by \V 14U, being lots 4 and 5, block 27. Warner
Tract, Brooklyn Township; 110.
F. M. and Sarah Farwell to Ban Francisco
and Oakland Mutual Loan Association, lot on
N line of Grant street, 367: ( '> E of Linden. E
60 by N 100. being lot 6. Millikin Tract; also
all shares of capital stock Sail Francisco and
Oakland Mutual Loan Association, Oakland
Annex; $10.
Theodore Lange to Lizzie Lange, lot on E
line of Grove street, 90 S of Benton, S 45 by
E 120, being lot 3, block 3, McKee Tract, Oak
land Annex: gift.
James T. Golton to Emily M. Golton. all in
terest in lot 21, block B. Woolsey Tract, lierke
lej . -10.
1i.1.s and Harriet A Pratt to Grace G. Pro
basco, lot 26, subdivision F, Fruitvalc Ter
minal Tract, Brooklyn Township; |10.
Sarah and John Curran to A. R. Palmet,
lot 43. block F Revised Map Prospect Hili
Tract, Brooklyn Township; $100.
E. Minor and Jennie A. Smith and Edward
K. Taylor to James H. Aiken. lot on N lin» oi
Eagle avenue, 172:11 W of Willow .•-tr'jit. .V
34:7 by N 150, block 13, lands adjoining to En
cinal. Alameda: $10
Sarah C. Moore to Kate C. Wright, lot on
S line of Walnut or Twenty-second street, 125
E of Telegraph avenue, E 50 by S 150, being
lot 7, block D, Wilcox place, Oakland; $10.
Thomas Murry to Ellen Murry, lot on E line
of Filbert street, 244 S of Third, 8 25, E 92:8,
NE 25:47*, w 97:4"- s to beginning, block 441,
Oakland; gift.
Luther Andrews to Charles T. and Ellen
J. Andrews, lot on W line of Myrtle street, 319
NW of Third, X 25 by W 125. block 481,
Hardy's addition to Adeline and Market street
Homestead. Oakland; gift.
Henry and Charlotte T. Garthwaite to Edwin
H. Gartrmaite. land beginning at the point
where the dividing lots 1 and 2, block D, Map
of Oakland Heights intersects the W line of
Emma street, thence W 155.73. S 100, E IGO. N
101, to beginning, block D, Oakland Heights,
Oakland, $10.
William P. and Alice F. Todd to C. R.
Shaw, lot on S line of Wallace avenue, 640.18
E of Salem street, E 50, S f46.15, W 50.20, N
150.66 to beginning, being lot 20, CoKgeshall
tract, Oakland Annex, $10.
W. T. and Lizzie <'. Kleenor to Mintie T.
Orr. lot 12, block P, Gaskill tract, subject to
mortgage, Oakland Annex. $400.
J. L. Barker to Lillian Brooke, lot on SW
corner of Sutter and Adeline streets. W 125.10,
S 80.5, E 85.58, N 90.30 to beginning, block E,
J. E. MoElrath tract, Oakland Annex: $10.
Orrin 1 ". ami Irene E. MeCracken to Lloyd
Tevis, lot on S line of Bancroft way, 206 W
of College way, W 45 by S 130. block 9, prop
erty College Homestead Association, Berkeley;
$10.
A. L. Stone to J. H. Maggard. lot r, n W
corner of Michigan avenue and Orchard street,
thence NW 120 by SW W-. being lot 36. Madison
Square. Brooklyn Township; also lot mi N'
corner of Michigan avenu>- ami Orchard street,
thence NW 12" by NT. 80, being lots 89 and HO
and SW 15 feet of lot 91. same; also lot on EE
line of Michigan avenue, 115 N'E of Orchard
street, thence NE 80 by SK 240, being lots 65,
66. S3 and S4, same; also lot on SE line of
Firth avenue, 1H6.?2 NE of Kirn street, SE 120
by NE 40, being lot 273. same; $10.
<;. A. and F. L. Stevens to Mary L. Lay
mance (wife of M. J. Laymance). lots 1 to 5,
block V, Hemjihill Tract. Brooklyn Township
(subject to mortgage for 1400); $10.
William J. Laymance to same, lots 7, 8 and
9, block A. same (subject to mortgage for $225);
$10.
August Brockstedt to Emma Brockstedt, lots
11 and 12. su!i. ilvlsion of block 31, Fitch Tract,
Alameda; gilt.
Philip anil Bertha Anspacher to I.<eander
Llnekin, the N half of lot ZZ. block A, Hay
wards Tract, Hay wards. Kden Township; $10.
Francis .1. Woodward and H. C. Morris et
al. (by commissioner) to H. C. Morris, lot on
E line of Filbert street. 155.17 S of West Six
teenth. S 50 by B 125, block 591. Gallndo Tract,
Oakland; $457&.
M. Catherine and L. Houriet to Susan H.
Wheeler, lot cm 8 line of Eighteenth street, 110
W of Brush. E 110, S 4f>. W li", X 40 to be
ginning, block E. Oakland Union Homestead
Association. Oakland: gift.
Oakland Water Front Company to W. C.
Doane, J. P. Dameron and M. E. May. lot
on N harbor line of Oakland Harbor, 250 E
of Webster street. N 363. W 100, N 150. NW
lf.O. S to N harbor line, E to beginning. Oak
land: $10.
Estate of John H. Collier et al. (by commis
sioner) to W. F. Goad and A. W. Foster
(trustees Annie A. and Hazel G. Montgomery),
lot 9. Pacific Theological Seminary Tract, Oak
land: $3493.
Charles S. Ncal to California Improvement
Company, 13.3075 acres, being portion Antonio
M. Peralta's portion Rancho San Antonio,
Brooklyn Township; 84.
Sheridan J. Gates to Nellie V. Brown, lot
1. block P. Roberts and Wolfskill Tra<:t, Map
3. Oakland Annex; gift.
N. L. ar.d Maria A. Freese to C. G. D.
Mills (wife of Robort). lot on S line of Col
lege way. Sfi:3 E of Shattuck avenue. S 124:6
by E 80, block A. Villa lots adjacent to Uni
versity silo on the W, Berkeley; $10.
William C. Quir.by to Sabina del C. Quinby.
lot on N lin° of Lincoln avenue. 350 E from
X\V line 4 acre tract survey. SE SO, XE 130,
NW 60. SW to beginning. Alameda: gift.
George W. Austin to Callie Marston (wife of
James), lot on S line of Twenty-second street.
50 W of Curt's. W 2o by B SO:J. block H, Cur
tis and Williams Tract, Oakland: $10.
M. F. Murray to Mary E. Murray, lot 14.
block 3, East Oakland Heights, East Oakland;
gift.
J. and Mary A. McManus to E. A. Peter
son, lots S. D and 4r,.4 r ,. Revised Map Piedmont
Cable Tract. Oakland Township; $10.
Caroline and E. Kammelsberg to Byron E.
Underw 1. lot on B line of Sixth stre>-t. 1.".2:2
N of Delaware, N 4S by E 115. block (m, tract
B. Berkeley Land and Town Improvement As
sociation, Berkeley ; $630.
B. E. and Florence J. Underwood to Charles
and Josephine Klmpel, same, Berkeley; $SOO.
Joseph Evers to Dora Evers. lot 48, Buena
Vista Homestead. Oakland; also lot on W line
of Elm street. 100 S of Plymouth avenue. W
125 by S 50. being lot 49. block 2204. same. Oak
land; also lot .ii W line of Elm street, ISO S of
Plymouth avenue, S S by W 125, being portion
of same, Oakland: gift.
Elvin P. and Mrs. E. P. Stone to Minnie
D. Janis. lot nn SE corner of Fifth and Powell
streets, S 60 by E ion, being lot 2, block 35,
Beaudry and Peladeau property, Oakland
Township: $10.
William A. Marshall to Lucie B. Butters
fwife of H. A.), lot on NW line of Vista ave
nue. ISO SW of Bonlta. SW 3<i by NW 200 be
in? the SW 30 feet of lota 2 nrvl ?,. block 5.
Revised Map Piedmont Park, Oakland Town
ship: $m.
Oeorpiana d« Rohnn Baronldls to G. Remond.
lot on E line of Third street. 130 N of Rose,
N 26 by E 123. be'ng lot 31. block 2S. Tract H,
Berkeley L. and T. I. Association, Berkeley;
fio.
Frank M. and Rose H. Wilson to Frederick
H. Spares, lot 20, block 10, Daley's Scenic
Park. Berkeley; Jin.
North Alanv-ila I.md Company to Mary John
son. E H of lot lfl. block 10. North Alameda
Tract. Brooklyn Township: $350.
Frederick ]> and F.melia Talt to William C.
Tait. lot on W lino of High street where same
is intr-rsoft>>cl D y s ii tlf . o f lot 3, lands of
Brooklyn Land Company: thence NE 5.54
chains, NW IS.M chains. SW 5.46 chains. SE
17. 17 chains to beginning. Brooklyn Township;
$10.
William C. Talt to Frederick D. Talt. lot
on \V line of High street, distant N'E 5.54
chains, from paint where S line of lot 3. Map
of Brooklyn I,and Company. Intersects W line
of Hiirh street; thence NW 16.04 chains, NE
6.87 chains, BE 14.90 chains, RW «.O4 chains
to beginning. Brooklyn Township:: $10. ' ,-,
P. B. and Anna Granger to Perry and Emma
Sunderland. lot on S line of Smith street, from
■which the NE corner of the Alvarado School
Lot bears -S>\". distant 300 feet:, thence NE 25.
SK 100, S\V 25, NW-100, to beginning. Town of
Alvarado, Washing-ton Township; $10..
George B. and Alice Brenzelto Francis and
Brir:i:f-t McCormlck, the E M of lot 10 and W
>* of lot 9, block 3. McLeod Tract, Llvermore,
Murray Township; $10.
Cornelius Waite to Mary A. "Walte. lot on
S line of Nolan or Thirty-third street, 173.95
W of Telegraph avenue. W 35 by S 113. Oak
land; Rift. : ...
Otto and Amnlte S-hrader to A. F. Baker,
lot is. Ridjcewood, But Oakland; $10.
HiiKh and Anna B. Hngan to Charles and
Mathilda Johnson, lot on E line of Kennedy
street, 170 N i f Mennlson. N 30 hy E 125. block
A. Shell Mound Tract. East. Oakland: $IWi.
Ri -hard and Mary Kenna to Belle Hoots
(wife of John A ). lot on N line of Weston
avenue. 27 V.' n< Pearl street. W 40.50, N 122.41,
E 4P.3K. S 11? ?fi to beginnlnp. block A, Broad
way and Telegraph Avenue Park Trait, Oak
land Annex: $10.
Edward E. Young to same, same, Oakland
Annex; $5.
F. and Jose Gonsßlves to Mary and J. C.
Gomes, that portion of lot 46 bounded SE by
line dividing lots 45 and 46. NAY by a line
parallel with and lying 25 N\V of dividing
line aforesaid tract, beiner a portion of Peralta
Avenue Tract. Brooklyn Township: $10.
Georpe H. and Mnttie H. Bew to A^nes E.
I,uber (wife <,f William A.), lot on S line of
San Antonio avenue. 150 E of Chestnut street.
E 37:fi by S 150, block M, lands adjacent, to
Encinal. Alameda: $10.
John M.. Anna and May Beard to Robert R.
Bearrl, lot 1, block IS, Town of Livermore,
Murray Township: $10.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every nljfht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
| corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
! 3.V7 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
I 621 McAllister street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
I 615 Larkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street: open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
' until D o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
2T.26 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street; open until 0:30 o'clook
N. W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES. '
MISSION Lodge No. 169. F. & A. M.— •
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) _^V-
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Second JsTzf
degree. •. C. D. BUNKER. Sec. r^r^
EXCELSIOR Lodge, No. 166. F. & A. •
M.— Special meeting THIS ; (WEDXES- Jk
DAY) EVENING, March 23, at 7:30 Iff jf
o'clock. Third degree. r^\
. THEO. E. . SMITH. Secretary-
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139, F. &A. M.— m
D. 3, THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVEN- _A
ING, March 23, at 7:30 o'clock By or- "^TV
der of the Master. /^^\
H. FORTRIEDE, Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING— The regular annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Western
Sugar Refining Company will be held at the
office of the company. 327 Market st.. San
Francisco, Cal., on MONDAY, the 2Sth day
of March, 1898, at the hour of 12 m.,
for the purpose of electing a. Board of Direc-
tors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of • such other business as may
come before the meeting.
Transfer books will close on Friday, March
IS, IS9S. at 12 o'clock m.
ROBERT OXNARD. Secretary.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
ST. "GEORGE Halls. 317 Mason St., halls for
dances, lodges, $2 50 to $10 per night: special
terms steady tenants. BULLEN & KEMLINE
NOTICE— Notice is hereby given to the Dis-
trict Attorney of San Francisco. San Fran-
cisco County, that I, the undersigned, intend
to apply to the Honorable State Board of
Prison Directors for the privilege of being
paroled, at a meeting of the said board, to
be held at San Quentin, on The fourteenth
day of May, 1898. JOHN J. HARE.
I BLIND merchant returned; stand Sixth j.nd
Market sts. PJease remember yours truly
DRUMM.
MISS SUZANNE, from Paris, manicure and
cabinet baths. 140 Eddy st.
MRS. JOHNSON'S new method electric mas-
sage; rooms heated. Office 10, 118 Grant aye.
MRS. SHELDON, genuine steam cabinet
baths. 9 Ellis St., second floor, room 22.
LOTTA DAVIS, genuine massage and cabinet
baths. 11l Geary Bt.
ALVINE HALL and assistant, genuine cabinet
baths. 1514 Turk st. and 1118 Market, rooms
13-16.
ROOMS papered. $2 50 up; whitened. $1 up.
2SOB Twenty-fourth St., or 239 Third st.
RITTA BLACK, genuine massage,' manicure;
magnetic treatment. 223 Post St., room 3.
MISS MAY'S genuine massage, baths, alcohol
and -Turkish. 536 Kearny st., room 9.
MME. HANSEN. latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
ANIMALS, birds ■ and reptiles bought, sold
and exchanged. Address FRANK C. BOS-
TOCK. the Zoo, San Francisco.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st.. room 6; tel. SiSO.
MRS. STEWERT, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120 Vi Geary st.. room 11.
615 LARKlN— Branch office of The Call: nib-
ccilptions and want ids taken.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND No. 79 (50c per share) of the
Oceanic Steamship Company will be payable
at the office of the company on and after
FRIDAY, April 1, 189 S. Transfer books will
close on Saturday. March 26, IS9B, at 12
o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS TASTED- FEMALE.
I REFINED young woman desires situation a3
working housekeeper; best references; city
or country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS German waitress and chamber-
maid desires situation; 3 years last place; city
or country. MISS CI'LLEN, 325 Sutter St.
I NEAT young German girl desires situation as
nurse or second girl or housework; $10 to $15;
reference MISS CULLEX, 325 Sutter st.
competent nurse desires situation; 4 years
last place; city or country. MISS CULLEX,
325 Sutter st.
YOUNG Sw.-dish woman as housekeeper; is a
first-class cook and house worker; city or
country; best ref. MRS NORTON, 323 Sutter.
ENGLISH lady, speaking German and French
fluently, also musical, desires position as
useful companion to a lady or the care of
children; excellent references. Address box
2770. Call Office.
EDUCATED woman (stranger here) wants sit-
uation; cumpiuiion or help to lady, or small
family in country; more good home than
large wages. Address box 27C0, Call office.
I NEAT German widow desires position as
housekeeper, small household, or chamber-
maid; good seamstress; city or country.
Call- 545 Minna st.
NEAT American woman wishes work; good
plain cook; fine laundress; not afraid of work;
can sleep home: wages $3 per week. Call
1231 Market St.
WOMAN wishes a place in private family to
take care of children and do other work.
1106 Clay st.
MII>DLE-AGED lady desires position; can
; cook nicely; wages no object. 144 Jessie st.
I COMPETENT woman wishes work by the
day; good cook and laundress; no objection
to country. Call 948 Folsom st
! NORTH German girl, ki'dergartner. desires
j situation with children. Address 1410^ Cali-
fornia St., near Hyde.
FRENCH Christian Union, 1520 Clay st.. recom-
mends a good and reliable seamstress; $1 25
a day; write above address.
j RESPECTABLE woman with a girl 13 wants
place as housekeeper; city or country; no
trlflers. Address R. S., box 2768. Call office.
I MAN and wife would like to go on ranch as
manager or on shares; fruit ranch preferred.
Address A. J. BIGELOW. 1119 Mission St.
TWO Swedish girls from the East wishes sit-
uations to do general housework; first-class
i cxiks. Address box 2757, Call office.
GERMAN girl wants situation to do general
housework; wages $20. Apply 204 1 4 Fifth st.
LADY wishes to care for a doctor's office and
assist him with his patients. Address box
2756. Call office.
YOUNG, respectable woman would like to go
out as wet nurse. Address box 2755. Call.
| COMPETENT Swedish woman wishes to do
general housework: good plain cook; good
reference. 513 McAllister st.
SITUATION wanted by a widow; a good cook
and housekeeper; also a first-class nurse;
best of references; city. Box 2751. Call.
WOMAN wishes situation to do housekeeping
or plain mending. 126 Fourth St., room 23.
YOUNG German girl wants situation to mind
children. 1022 I^arkln st.
FIRST-CLASS laundress wants position for
Thursday. Call or address 88 Converse st.
GIRL wishes situation to do general house-
work. Apply 750 Howard St.
RELIABLE Protestant woman wishes situa-
tion in private American family; cooking and
light washing: no postal cards. 1539 Polk st.
| AN old lady wants position as cook in board-
ing-house or hotel in city or country. Ad-
dress box 2753, Call office.
WANTED— A position in a bakery or candy
store. 19' i Church aye.. off Broadway.
WANTED — By respectable person, position as
working housekeeper; one or two children
preferred; references. Box 2784. Call office.
WOMAN wishes situation to do housework ana
plain cooking, f.63 Mission st.
DRESSMAKER, understands cutting and fit-
ting, wants work. 623 Howard st.. off New
Montgomery.
LADIES' tailor wants cutting position; 6 years'
experience In the East on fine work: good
appearance. Address box 2139. Call office.
YOUNG girl wishes to meet party going to
Alaska who would pay her expenses in ex-
change for services. Box 2791. Call office.
i REFINED German lady from New York would
like a position as companion or seamstress;
traveling preferred: good references. Address
E. A., box 2792. Call office.
j PROTESTANT young woman wishes position
to do light housework for elderly couple:
■ city or country. Please call or address 1102
Howard st.
I FRENCH maid, speaks English, good hair-
dresser, milliner, needlewoman and packer,
would like to travel to Europe; good refer-
ences. Apply L. H.. 1231 Turk st.
' THE question of the day— Where to obtain a
I competent house servant. Try headquarters,
1018 Washington St.. Oakland.
'< LADY wishes situation as housekeeper or
charge of furnished rooms or chamberwork.
box 2751. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, lately from New
York, wishes situation; good cook: can do
any kind of work; city or country. 125 Sixth.
| MIDDLE-AGED lady wants situation to do
light housework; wages $5. 219 Day St.. be-
tween Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth.
HOUSEKEEPER'S position wanted; widower
with childrrn or lodging-house; understands
aJI branches of housekeeping. 190f. Mission st
SWEDISH woman with a child wishes position
as housekeeper or general housework: refer-
ences. QBE Linden st.. Oakland. Wednesday
or Thursday.
YOUNG woman would like a position: is a
good housekeeper. Call or address 1203 Mar-
ket St., room 98. second floor.
LADY from the East wishes situation as
housekeeper or charge of furnished rooms.
Call 102 Taylor st.. room 10.
LADY wisheß position as housekeeper or will
do plain sewing and mending. 116 Sixth St..
room &
SriU—TSOH— WAS-ED-Contlnned.
REFINED middle-aged German widow wishes
a p'.oce as housekeeper for elderly couple or
elderly gentleman. Box 2552. Call office.
LADY desires position as housekeeper with en-
tire charge: no children; i»o objection to
country; excellent references. Address box
2C83, Call otflcfc
YOUNG lady wishes a situation as cook in a
Spanish or English family; prefer Spanish. 11
Hiiwson place.
YOUNG German woman wishes working house-
keeper's position or to do plain mending.
8198 Howard sti. room 3.
COMPETENT young woman, good in composi-
tion, wishes position; private secretary or
confidential clerk; small salary. E. N., 960
Clay st., Oakland.
YOUNG lady wishes housekeeper's position or
do plain mending. 1104 Mission St., corner
of Seventh, room 10.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay St.
JAPANESE Employm't Office— Best help and
Northern Hsclng Co. _0S Polk; tel. Polk 422.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
best help. 414^ O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE, Chinese Employm't Office; house
cleaning; tel. Grant 56. Geo. Aokl. 30 Geary_
JAPANESE Employment Bureau— Choice help;
tel. East 777. SOS Geary st.
JAPANESE employment office; work day,
hour or evening. 122% O'Farrell: tel. Davis 605.
MAN and wife would like positions from
April 1; man as foreman In a vineyard, but-
ter-maker or ranch foreman: wife as cook
and housekeeper; best of references. Address
box 6, Santa Rosa, Cal.
STENOGRAPHER, who can take dictation in
both English and Spanish and who is first-
class bookkeeper, desires position; well rec-
ommended; $100 per month. Address box
2767. Call Office.
PAINTER and paperhanger- would like posi-
tion in hotel, institution or private residence
by the day or month: city or country. Ad-
dress Painter, box 10, Call office, Oakland.
WANTED — A position as porter in a wholesale
house by a young man; guarantee given.
Address box 2762, Call office.
GOOD, all-round stableman wants a job In a
livery or boarding stable. Address O. X.,
box 2761. Call Office.
STENOGRAPHER wants to practice with an-
other living near him to increase speed. Ad-
dress box 2753. Call office.
SWEDISH gardener and coachman wishes sit-
uation in private family; understands milk-
ing: best ol" reference. Box 2790. Call office.
RELIABLE, industrious. German gardener:
understands taking care of horses and cows!
handy around the place; references; moder-
ate wages and a good home: Oakland or Ala,
meda. Address box 2787, Call office.
EXPERIENCED baker foreman wants a place
at once: references given. Address Baker,
809 Third st.. Oakland.
RESPONSIBLE German or Scandinavian
couple for ranch; wife to cook, wash and
make butter; husband to milk, care for horses
and do general ranch work; wages $25; refer-
! ences required; no objection to a child or two.
Address box 2773. Call office.
HOTEL cook, good breadmaker, wants situa-
tion in country hotel. Address Cook, 514
Leaven worth st.
GENERAL blacksmith, married, no children,
wants work in country shop. Box 2772, Call.
i ANY kind of employment wanted by a reliable
man. Address A. EL, 914 Sixteenth St., rear,
Oakland.
YOUNG man 28 years of age, resident of New
York City, wants position as manager or
salesman for mercantile house or corpora-
tion to represent same in New York; quali-
fied by education and practical experience;
references and bond. Address J. G. GOULD,
18 West .103 d St., New York.
STATIONARY engineer wishes a position; city
or country. Address A. L., 366 Eleventh st.
MAN with practical business experience, full
command of English and German, wants em-
ployment as salesman, assistant bookkeeper
or in any other mercantile capacity. Ad-
dress box 2094, Call office.
POSITION wanted as manager or foreman; ex-
perienced in fruit, flowers and vegetables;
first-class references. LSox 20^2. Cvi . v
YOUNG man, single, well educated, good rec-
ommendations, desires position of any kind;
moderate salary with chance for advance-
ment. Address L., box 2827, Call Office.
SITUATIONS wanted by German and wife
without children; man as foreman: under-
stands all kinds of ranch work; wife good
cook and housekeeper; both first-class refer-
ences. Address postofflce box 125. Llvermore.
Cal. ■■;
SITUATION wanted by an accomplished physi-
cian; willing to travel as private secretary.
E. V., box . Call office.
WANTED— Position as bookkeeper and cashier;
references furnished. Address box 14, Call.
GERMAN horticulturist, competent In every
branch of gardening, wishes a situation; pri-
vate garden preferred. W. KLETT, 417 Har-
rison st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 20 rooms, 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient end respectable; free 'bus
and tapKage to and from fer •>■•
FEMALE HELP WASTED.
' ARM waitress for Truckee, $20, fare paid; 3
waitresses for Redondo Beach. $20; waitress
for San Jose, $20; 3 waitresses for first-class
water resort. Southern California. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
HOUSEKEEPER for institution, Oakland, $15.
Apply to C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 10S Geary.
RANCH cook for Yuba City, $20, see party
here; cook for mines, 2 in family, $25, see
party here; cook for Berkeley, 2 in family,
$20: cook. Belvedere, $20; 5 housegirls. $2u:
second girl, $15, see party here. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 10S Geary st.
I REFINED young girl, care of child 5 years,
$12. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GEKMAN or Swedish second girl and wash,
$25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter 6t.
MAID and seamstress. $25; must understand
rubbing. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
YOUNG lady, office work. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID, hotel. $20; references. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
CATHOLIC girl as cook, clergyman's house,
$25. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
IRISH girl, plain .laundry work, private fam-
ily, $20. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COLORED cook. $20; 2 German or French sec-
ond girls, ?2U each. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st. '
PROTESTANT cook, institution. $30; Swedish
second girl, country, $25. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
MONTHLY nurse, hospital, good wages. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COOK and second girt, $25 and $20, Oakland.
MISS CULLEN, 32*. Sutter st.
NURSEGIRL. care of one child. $12: sleep
home. MISS CI'LLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN or Swedish cook, $35: 2 second girls, j
$20 each: an Irish girl as cook, $S0; 20 house-
work girls, $10 to $30, city and country. MISS
CI'LLEN. 32.". Sutter St.
SECOND girl. $15, easy place. Girls looking
for first-class situations can be suited by
calling on MISS CCLLEN, 325 Sutter st.
HOI BEWORK, - in family, $15; Irish girl
preferred. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID, $15. MISS CULLEN, 325 j
Sutter st. !
REFINED German second girl and nurse, $15,
fare paid. MISS CULLKN.. 325 Suttar st.
COOK, Napa, $20: small boardlng-hQUse. MISS
CULLEN, ?,2.". Sutter it.
NEAT girl assist housework, $10 to $15. MIS
CI LI. EN. :.?:< Sutttr st.
WOMAN With a child $!.">, ranch work. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COOK and second girl, same house, $30 and $25.
MISS CO—LEN. 32.1 Sutter st.
FRENCH nurse, $25;
2 second girls, $20 and $25; nurse, grown
child. }20: 6 cooks in German and American
families. $2'> and $30: cook, hmall hotel. $25;
ironer in laundry. $25; 3 waitresses. $15 and
$20- and girls tor cooking and housework.
J. F. CROSETT CO., 316 Sutter st.
PROTESTANT nurse for an institution, city,
|W, •.all early; neat girl, light housework.
American family of 2 persons, city. $15.
MURRAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634-fi3fi Clay st.
SWEDISH cook, $25: German housegirl. $20; \
Irish housegirl. $25: second girl, $20: young \
girl. $12. MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter st.
COOK, student boardlnjr-house, $35. MRS.
NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
BECOND girl, $25; second girl. $15. MRS.
NORTON. 323 Sutter st.
WAITRESS lor country hotel; steady place; i
QE. R. T. WARD & CO.. 608 and 610 Clay st. j
CLOAK and suit saleslady; milliners; sales-
ladles for department store; office assistant
for Sacramento. 1023 Market st.
BELECT Ladies' Clerks' Exchange; strictly I
confidential in its operations: bookkeepers,
copyists, salesladies, clerks, etc. 1018 Wash-
ington St.. Oukland.
APPRENTICE at dressmaking; neat young
girl. MRS. M. G. ALLEN. 776 O'Farrell st. j
COOK, family of 2; middle-aged woman: refer-
ences.' Apply bet. 5 and 6, 2112 Pine st.
HELP WAX r . _D— Continued.
FIRST-CLASS trimmer. $15 ; tailoress. $2; 2
ticket-seller?; stenographers and milliners;
millinery saleslady. $15; stenographer and
typewriter. $25; orders in order just as re-
ceived to-day; ladies' department now under
new management. 313 Hush st.
PROTKSTANT young lady, not more than
25 as companion to a lady And willing to
assist with housework in a country home
J near Oakland; small salary. Box :■,.->■', Call.
2 FIRST-CLASS trimmers, ST.". and $80; 2 young
ladies, tailoring establishment; 3 lady ticket
agents. 313 Bush St.
W \NTED— A neat German, Swedish or Danish
I gtrl for the country to do good plain cooking
and general housework in a small family.
Apply at 1832 Bush St.. in the morning.
WANTED— A reliable, neat and obliging mid-
dle-aged woman for general housework;
wages $15. Call or address 1351 Fourth aye..
East Oakland. ___
WANTED— A Kirl for general housework and
cooking: wages $10; references required. Ap-
ply 1»15 Fillmore st.
WAXTED-Cook and laundress: wages $2b;
references. Call 134 South Broderiek St.. off
Haight and Baker.
WANTED— Women for housework by/the week.
Apply 415 Laurel s»., bet. California and
Sacramento.
WANTED— A younfc girl for housework and
plain cooking; 2 In family; wages $10. 210i>B
Post st.
GIRL for general housework, family of 3. 1&26 A
Sutter st. _____
FIRST-CLASS hair dresser wanted at 111
Stockton St. G. LEDERER.
YOUNG girl for general housework and cook-
Ing; call morning. 1628 Sutter st. m
GERMAN girl for general housework; must b»
a good cook. 114 Devisadero st.
WANTED— Experienced finishers on fine coats.
Apply 516 Geary st. t
| GERMAN girl for light housework and assist*
ing with baby. 755 Eddy st.
WANTED— A girl for cooking and housework.
307 Scott st.
GIRL wanted for cooking and general house-
work: German preferred. 1830 Eddy at.
COMPETENT girl for second work and wait-
ing, also family mending; 1 hour's ride front
city; prefer Swede. German. Dane or Nor-
wegian; wages $20; good references required.
Address box 305, Palo Alto, Cal. ___
STRONG girl, assist general housework; $12. 4|
Liberty st.
GIRL for general housework; small German
family; wages $15. 3401 Geary, cor. Johnson.
OPERATORS on flannel overshirts and under-
wear- a few inexperienced hands taken ami
taught. LEVI STRAUSS _ CO., 3CVi Fre-
mont st.
WANTED— Middle-aged woman or gtrl: Ger-
man or Swiss; light housework. 1729 San
Bruno road.
SALESLADIES who have experience In sell-
ing ladies' underwear, children's wear, mil-
linery and cloaks; none need apply with-
out thorough experience. Apply at S4O Mar-
ket St., between 4:30 and 6 p. m.
A No. 1 finisher on cloaks and capes. M.
SIMINOFF. 122S Market st.
WANTED— Experienced operators .to work on
flannel, white and fancy shirts. Standard
Shirt Factory, Gough and Gro^e sts.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; position*
free; patterns 25c. Me POWELL'S. 103 Poat.
ROOMS respectable house, from 23c night and
$1 50 week. 142 Seventh : central.
! DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist, 14 McAllister
St.; open evenings; Sundays, 3 to 5 p. m.
I LAWRENCE Dresscuttlns School. 1079 Market
st.: perfect fit: no trying on; trial free.
i 387 HAVES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
j _^—^—^— — ___——— — ______———— —^
MALE HELP WANTED.
NEAT young gentleman as clerk for a fash-
ionable summer resort. $35: experience re-
quired. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary St.
i HOTEL runner, north, $20. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 108 Geary st.
| THREE waiters for a mining camp boarding-
house, $25; 4 waiters, north, $40; south. $11 50
a week; 5 for a country hotel, $35 and free
fare: 4 European plan waiters, $35; 4 East-
ern waiters, $35. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
108 Geary st.
THREE saddle makers. $3 a day. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 108 Geary st.
' COOK, country hotel, $40; third cook, city. $45;
chop house cook, north, $12 a week; lunch
counter man, $35; oyster opener, $35 and
board; coffee man. $30; 3 dishwashers, $25.
C. R. HANSEN _ CO.. 108 Geary St.
| WANTED— S quartz miners, $3 per day; black
helper, $10; driver for milk wagon, $25 and
found; laborers for city. $1 75 per day; labor-
ers for country, $20 and found; man to care
for poultry, $12; 20 tie makers, Sc and 9c;
and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT _ CO..
628 Sacramento st.
WANTED — First-class American man and wife
to take charge of ranch. J.'.n and found.
j Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sac-
ramento st.
j WANTED— American baker, for country, $10 gT
! and found; cook and wife, country hotel. $50;B
night cook, country, $30 and found; restaurant
arid hotel waiters; oyster man, $S per week;
and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT _
CO., 628 Sacramento st.
I SPECIAL NOTICE
We have hundreds of different places too
numerous to advertise. If you want work of
i any kind come down and see us. MURRAY
& READY. Leading Employment Agents, 631
and 636 Clay st.
EMPLOYERS OF HELP
Do you want first-class help? MURRAY &
READY will supply you with same free of
charge. MURRAY & READY, Leading Em-
ployment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay St. . Tele-
phone Main 5848.-
WANTED — Woodsmen, near city, $25 and
board, long Job, fare $1: helper in the woods,
same place, $20: German farmer and wife.
$40. nice place; waiter boy for an institution,
$10 and good home; also farmers, laborers,
milkers and others. W. D. EWER & CO..
626 Clay st. . __
WANTED— small hotel, country, $35 to
| $40; night cook, $40; waiter, $30: German gar-
dener, $25: gardener, near city. $25: boy for
bakery. $15; boy for family, $10; Indoor ser-
vant, $30; second butler, $30. ANDRE'S, 316
Stockton st. .
: SCREW-TURNER for mill. $40 and board: sec-
I , ond cook, for steamer. $25 ; second cook, lunch
house. $40; cook, country hotel, $35. R. T.
WARD & CO.. 60S and 610 Clay st.
BOY. drugstore; $10. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
SECOND butler. $30; good place. MISS CUL-
LKN. 325 Sutter st.
M ORDERS booked for competent help in male
department this month. 313 Bush st.
MAN and wife to run ranch on shares; elec-
troplater; machinist. 313 Bush Ft.
TRAVELING hardware specialty salesman; in-
terview to-day: excellent opening. 313 Bush.
$100 PER month— partner: active and
energetic; exceptional opportunity. '13 Bu £'^_
SECOND COOK, who can help on pastry: coun- .
try; $30. HOTEL GAZETTE. 420 Kearny st. W
BOILER-MAKERS wanted at the Risdon Iron
Works. Beale and " Howard sts. ; 6 montlis
steady work for good men. Apply at Howard-
st. entrance. :~ ■.-;.-. ' - ' '.
BOY wanted to make himself useful for board
and lodging. 1317 Jackson st. " -
AGENT; travel with photographers, sell cou-
pons and take orders for views and crayons,
etc. Apply 1505 Guerrero st.
WANTED— A night barkeeper. North German;
c wages $50; references from last place. Box
2755, Cal! Office.
SEAMEN and green hands wanted to go In a
steam whaler. WM. LANE. 504 Davis st.
YOUNG man to learn barber trade in 4 to 8
weeks. 1542 Market st. ■■'-, ■:■..■-.
EXPERIENCED ad. solicitor for good publi-
cation: liberal commission. Address box 2765
Call Office.
WANTED— man to learn trade. Stu-
partch Manufacturing Company, 523 Markei.
OPERATOR at ladies' - - tailoring. 1 16 Turk
street. '
WANTED— Boy to learn a trade. 2366 Market
st., 7 a. m., Bradley Cement Tray Shop.
YOUNG man to wash dishes and make himself
general!] useful 1631 Market st.
WANTED— A barber to rent a furnished shop
A-nly at grocery, corner. Greenwich and
Baker sts. -
PARTNER for first-class bakery and confec-
tionery: dora a good business. Apply box
2754. Call office.
PARTNER wanted: barber for Wednesday
Saturday and Sunday; percentage. 701 Larkln.
WHEELWRIGHT; one that understands run-
ning machinery and an all-around black-
smith's helper. Address or call on BEMENT
& WILSON, Redwood City.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and carpenters for
coast. Australia and ' Europe. HERMAN'S,
26 Steuart st.
WANTED— Young man for general work; short |v W
distance In country; state age, habits quail- w
flcations, etc. ; wages $lb, board . and lodging-
Q.. box 1. Call Office.
WANTED— IO men to occupy clean rooms; 1
nights 2£.c or 75c week.; IPS New Montgomery.
BARBERS' | Progressive Union; free employ-
, ment. Bernard. Secy.. 102 7th: tel. South *?>■
BARBER-SHOP; $200: 2 chairs. 3 living-rooms;
rent $20. 321 San Pablo aye.. Oakland.HELP \VA\Tni)-ron«nnr(l.
alien States
marine corps. United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men. between the ages of
i ; and SO Mars, who are citizens of tht
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their Intention to become such; must
fee of goo.i and habits and able to
Fpeak, read and Write English, ar.d be be-
tween 5 feet 5 inches and rt feet in height
tor further Information apply at the re-
crultlng Office. SHI Bills st..Ban Fiar.cisco. Cal.
BARBER shop with steady trade In good lo-
cation; rent $0 month; a great bargain; make
Qean st.
WANTED-- Dentist at once; must be an a!l-
around man. Address ur call at 31 Taylor
st., room 19,
FINE coat 1 ted. Apply bet 10 and
11 a. m. to CHARLES LYONS, 721 Market st.
WANTED— An Al dress goods salesman Ad-
ply 523 Market st.. room 7, from 2 to 3 p. m.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office S
FUCIIS. P mt a\e. ; tel. Grant U6.
WANT] -.i •liechanlcs to know
that Ed Roikin. Reno House proprietor still
runs Denver House. U7 -hird U.; 150 large
• r night; $1 to $3 per week.
WANTED— At Montana Bouse, 704 H Mission
Ft., men to take rooms; 10c. 15c and 25c uer
night; 60c. 90c and $1 per week.
MEN to leai.i barber trade In eight we-ks S~
V. Barber College. 138^ Eighth st. ' '
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third at^ near
■ rooms, 25c a night; reading-room;
•us and baggage to and from he ferry.
._ House, 321 Ellis— Rooms 25c to $!•
t $4 week: hot and cold baths.
SINGLE rooms. 10c and 15c night: 75c and $1
Udell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
KS4 (Elcho House)— Rooms 20c. 25c
to s<v per night: $1 to $2 week.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House. 957 Marker~st.. below Sixth.
fiT ;« room: .:,c- a night: ?1 a week.
I'AUTXKiIS WA.M'KI).
PARTNER or man to work [smith's
■■ •• Ocean View on electric road.
A BARGAIN— Wanted a partner In good saloon
in center . . , ash. Address 431 Bush.
"U \.NTED— Partner; g . all ana
• • • ■ Third st.
PARTY with 1100; gUt-edge proposition: sult-
Investigate. Box 2821. Call.
PARTNER wanted with MOW in a flrst-class
fnmllv h .,;ei. r, \ M7l. Call office.
VVKXITI RE! WANTED.
HIGHEST prices to fill new building. 840 Mis-
sion st. ; tel. Mint .1521.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
gomery st : highest prices paid. Tel. Davis 71.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTEI •- An unfurnished sunny house for
rent, 7 or S rooms, between Webster and
Jones and California and Geary. ■ Address,
stating terms. A. H., P. p. box 2534. City.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
WIDOW would like room and board in a fam-
. ily where she can do light housework in part
payment. 3254 Twenty-fifth st.
FAMILY lour adults, having furnished house,
want party to occupy spare rooms and to
board them.- Address ATHOS, box 2796. Call.
.v "WANTED— .MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED — A quick young horse for city use.
1709 Market st. GEO. W. 1L PATTERSON
& CO.
HORSE 1000 lbs., for a cart; young, broke;
223 Fair Oaks st.
WANTED- goais fur feeding the animals.
Address the Zoo, Chutes, city. >
PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus; second-
hand. 109 Montgomery st.
PAWNBROKER— OId geld. silver, cast-off
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. 41 Third.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES..
CARPENTERS, blacksmiths, plumbers and
good men at general work who are going to
Daws can, on the way up, work out $100
to $200 of their fare, via St. Michaels. Apply
The Gold Star Co., Mills building, San Fran.
TWO good packers and general camp men
would go under contract with inexperienced
. parties to Alaska. Add. rail. 221 Minna st.
WANTED— First-class parties to join party
to; the Klondike; newly discovered district;
. no charge? tw join. , Box 2799, Call office.,,
BY 1 Jofnihsf' Lewis* expedition the Klondike
' country "ran" be reached for one-half; "new
' routo: number limited: investigate this. Room
321, tare LJepeslt building.
KLONDIKE provisions, lowest prices, packed
and delivered to boat*. SBARBORO & CO..
wholesale and retail grocers, 531 Washington.
DOGS large long-haired, suitable for Klon-
dike: a bargain, $20. 130 Seventh st. -.
L'AJRCJE lon^-haired dog; suitable for Alaska;
a bargain. KW Seventh st.
GOOD strong dogs, trained for Alaska, for sale
at r>lo Van Ness aye.
YUKON dog harness: best made, for sale by
all. outfitters. SAMMANN', 1238 Flllmore st.
KLONDIKE pack mules and burros for sale.
Horan Stockyards. Tenth and Bryant sta.
KLONDIKE does: also Great Danes and Fox
terriers. KILLIP'S Sale Yard. 1730 Market at.
CHEAPEST and best Klondike stoves In the
world. HOLMES & CO., 416-418 Jackson st. _
DOGS for Klondike; three Scotch collies, broke
for work. C. KRAMER/ 400 Pacific st.
GENUINE arctic fur clothing; heavy woolen)
clothing. L. I.i:VV, Battery and Jackson sta. i
OCE\N or river steamers, sailing vessels and !
launches for gale. H. G. SHAW. 4 Sutter.
LODGI.N^ HOUSES FOIt SALE.
KREDO & CO., successful brokers, 22hi Geary.
Loans made on furniture. ■ ..'•
4S rooms: best in city ....$2,000
26 rooms: Market: a giveaway .... 450
13 rooms; all housekeeping; make offer.. 700
21 rooms, near new P. O. ; a snap 875
17 rooms, near Plaza: always fu11........ 650
15 rooms, near Market: rent $15 '. 300
14 rooms; Gulden Gate; snap ' 400
12 rooms; Market; boarding; clears $75.... 675
11 rooms; Ninth; clears $50; bonanza .. 400
10 rooms; ElMs; new and good 300
y rooms; Leaven worth;- nice house 275
7 rooms; Market: offices. pay rent 200
Hundreds of others at your own price.
15-ROOM house, new furniture: price only. s 300
11 rooms on Hyde st.; offer wanted 500
22- room house; new and good.. 750
21 rooms: line location: only 75
26 rooms; sunny corner — 1100
2.5-room; easy payments COO
SO rooms: easy payments 2."00
110-room house: clears $350 6500
20 rooms, on Van Ness aye 1100
12 rooms, on FaTrell; clears '$50 500
It-room house; sunny corner; fine.. 500
26 rooms; new and good : 800
35 rooms, on Mis.nioti 1 000
22 rooms, on Market; clears $250 £SOO
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market, opp. Fifth.
14 ROOMS, Butter St.; offices $ 450
25 rooms, rent $75: part cash 800
23 rooms; $200 ca.=h, balance payments... 450
'26 rooms, rent $.".": new; payments 1430
43 rooms, rent $100; clears $125 1600
25 rooms; Powell St.; new £500
22 rooms; sunny corner; rent $10 1500
WINSTON & CO.. 646 Market st.
$700— FIRST-CLASS 18-room house' pays hand-
somely. G. E. LAWRENCE & CO.. 629 Sac-
ramento St. • ■
WANTED— Tenant for vacant 28-room house;
cheap rent. 24 Turk St.. or BPEOK & CO.
GOOD transient house for said; no reasonable
offer refused. Box 2095, Call office. __
$200— 13-ROOM house; all full: must be sold;
sickness. 320 Minna st.
g GABPBV CLEAX IS G.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works: cleans,
moves, lay* carpets G. H. STEVENS. Mgr..
38 and 40 Eight i st. telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work.
Bend to SPAULDTNCrS Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-57 Tehama st. . teL bo. 40.
J. WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning; renovating,
alteration works. 413 McAllister; Jessie 321.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter;
tel. Main 354. OEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3.-. per yard; relaid at 3c.
ATTON. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet -Cleaning
Works. » Sth st. M GRANT; tel. Jessie 201.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-qieaning Co.. 240 14th
si.; cleaning, 3c. a yard: tel. Mission 7«.
CONKLIM^S Carpet-Reatlng Works, 333 Golden
' :m' avc, : tel. East 126.
LOST. ' " '
LOST-p.^JrNftwTo'undland dog. answers to
namr. O f MallCOff; 110 reward. Return to 4
Eighth Et. . .
Cash iclveTi for Tlrl gold and silver jewelry at
— --,C, C ; I-!- KARRIS' 15 Grant aye. ;_; _
MARKER i-Hranctronice~of~'rhe Call; want
" ■" nnd sutwriptlons taken.'
ATTOIIMiYS AT LAW,
ADVICE free: divorce~laws' specialty 1 ; private; |
no ••• without success; .collections, wills,
pro Date, Insolvency, .deeds, damages, -mort-
gages, copartnership, blllß-of-sale. patents,
m*™»rkl elp ! established 10 years. G. W.
__:_! • att-at-law, 860 Market, cor. Stockton.
*Qy i( ,l? • r '-'". no charge unless Buccessiul.
« r W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market 8L
Bl'-INESj CHANCES.
$200— CORNER saloon; down town; in vicinity
Of the wholesale house?; well stocked; doing
an . Eceili nt trade; quod fixtures. M. LESS.
«65 Market st.
(860— PARTNER wanted in well paying res-
taurant; central; owner tired of unreliable
help; trial given to suitable party. Apply
M. LESS, 765 Market st
$1750— HAY saloon: established 25 years; among
wholesale houses; value of stock fuliy -
business speaks for Itself; full investigation;
an Al proposition. Apply at once to M. LESS,
746 Market st.
BAKERY and confectionery, established for
the last 30 years, doing a rushing store busi-
ness; only first-class cash customers; no low
prices; the best location in this city: living
rooms; rent low; buyers given a trial; no
better place in the market; investigate; you
Will find a barga.in. WILKE, '?<:; Market st.
S22S PARTNER wanted by a lady in pork and
delicacy store; choicest location; close to
Market st. : doing first-class paying business;
rare chance for good man. Inquire WILKE,
7^ Market St.
A— slsoo; old-established saloon with 15 fur-
nished rooms; doing a first-class paying busi-
Dccc; choicest location; close to Ellis and
Market sts.; net rent only $40; will sell or
exchange for property. Inquire WILKE, 753
Market st.
A— s4so; CORNER saloon on San Bruno road,
wt.th 3 living rooms; rent $20; good paying
place and stock worth the money. WILKE,
783 Market Bt.
KREDO .V- CO., Successful Brokers, 22V6 Geary.
Investigate our new list of bargains:
$ISO— Elegant dining-room; 30 stea.ly boarders.
Coffee parlor and bread bakery; central.
Stationery, school supplies; near school.
122.".— cigars; dally receipts $10; snap.
$30t> — Dressmaking and tailoring; clears $100.
$4f.O— Meat market; $2000 monthly; cheap rent.
Home restaurant; $580, French rest'nt.
$500— Corner grocery and bar; living rooms.
$2000— Florist ; 2-acre nursery under Ki''S.--.
$3750— Bookbinder}* and blank-book mani'ry.
Hundreds of other bargains; investigate.
FOR Sale— An established nursery; nearly 2
acres Of land, with green houses, heating
apparatus, etc.; choice stock of plants; good
business chance for the right man. Apply to i
A. M. SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
WANTED — Good tenants for Market, Ellis and
Powell st stores; cheap. SPECK _ CO., 602
Market St.
$1500 — 120-acre ranch; new 5-room house; barn;
50 acres grape land; 3000 cords wood; wood wiH
pay net $3 day for 10 years. SPECK _ CO.,
602 Market St.
: 9ALOON; good paying business; fullest
Investigation given. McLAUGHLIN _ CO.,
23 Kearny st. I
ARTNER in city-front saloon; steady I
man required. 'MCLAUGHLIN _ CO.. 23 i
Kearny St. i
: SALOON; bargain; departure cause ot I
«ale. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny at.
$450— CORNER grocery and bar: a bargain.
$800— Grocery and bar: best corner in city.
Very nice cigar-store; good location.
i Branch bakery and notions; paying well.
Also several caloon* ami restaurants.
At ANDERSON & CO.'S, 777 Market st.
FOR BALE— The business of the late John
Cross'; the oldest established candy factory
and Icecream parlors in San Joaquln Coun-
ty. Address 25 North El Dorado St., Stock-
ton. Cal.
GROCERY and bar; old-established corner;
good stock; good •business; four llving-
. rooms. Inquire WICHMAN, LUTGEN & j
CO., 320 Clay st.
$200— PARTNER wanted in light business suit-
ed to steady man satisfied- with $15 to $25 a I
week; no experience required; trial given.
7L'4 " - Market St.. room 17.
FAMILY liquor store; well stocked; splendid
location: good trade: low rent; excellent
chance for right party; a bargain. Inquire
286 Third st.
SHOE store: well-established custom trade. Ap-
ply Call Branch Oftice. 339 Hayes st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED restaurant I
vestigate at once. 243 Fourth st.
$300 WILL purchase the Nickel saloon, stock. :
fittings, utensils and pianoforte. 130 Seventh
St., near new Postoffice site; no agents. •
A GOOD home restaurant for sale, suitable for i
man and wife; party going to Klondike. Ap- j
ply 23 Kearny st. I
BLACKSMITH shop, above Ocean View, on
the electric road; good business; owner sick.
NOTION, stationery' and cigar store for sale;
a sacrifice at $175. 155 Eleventh st.
THREE-CHAIR barber shop; first-class trade;
I location. 1089 Howard St.
MKliS' fixtures, complete outfit, for sale;
cheap. Apply i!2l Mission at.
FOR sale — Corner grocery and bar; good loca-
tion. 1552 Folsom st.
"WANTED— Partner In well paying restaurant.
Apply 23 Kearny St.
$275 BUTS the nicest central located restaur-
ant; clears $65 month. 406 Geary st.
IGAR store, with 4 rooms in rear. BAR-
RETT, 112"5 -Market St., above Seventh.
$g;0 — Well established custom trade shoe store;
good repairing. 4102 Nineteenth st., near
Castro.
SALOON for sale on account of sickness. Call
and tee owner, 228 Brannan st.
SALOON at a reasonable price; good location.
Apply Albany Brewery.
RARE chance, f^r cash, the most perfect and
well-known dressmaking establishment In
this city; transaction absolutely trustworthy;
must be disposed of at once. For particulars
address box » 98, < '.til offll ••.
| OLD-ESTABLISHED stationery, news
and cigar-store for sale at a sacrifice. Apply
Call branch, fSXX McAllister st
FINE store, cor. Oak and Franklin 6ts., rent
$20; 2 fine basements, off Market St., suitable
for any business or storage. Apply 15 Grant.
FIIi.ST-CI.ASS grocery and bar for sale cheap;
k< pt by the present owner a long time; now
retiring.' Box 2099, Call office.
FIRST -CLASS cigar-stand; proprietor leaving
city. L.. bens 20, this office.
FOB sale- Bakery, candy and notion store. In-
quire at 1601 Mason st.
COUNTRY call route for sale. Apply Call
office^ .
WANTED— Partner saloon: open day and night
for BO years. 650 Sacramento St., northeast
corner of Kearny.
$150— BRANCH bakery and notion store; re-
ceipts, S4 to $7 day; 3 living rs. 3012 sixteenth.
FOR sale— One of the best bakeries In the city.
Inquire at 1509 Pott st.
PATENTS— SMITH & OSBORN. Reglsfd Pat.
Agents; established IRS2. 319 Pine St., city.
Pi RTLAND agency this paper. Inquire this
office or at 133 Third Ft.. Portland. Oregon.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento St.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d hanu machinery. Ms-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 137 Beale Bt.
PAIR solitaire diamond earrings weighing i%
karats, reduced to $380. UNCLE HARRIS,
15 Grant aye.
' BARGAIN— Lamson cash register: In perfect
order; price $SO. WTCHMAN, LUTGEN &
CO. .318 Clay st. - ■
SCHOONER yacht. '44 feet long, keel boat;
good condition. Box 2764, Call office. ..
Laundry machinery, engines, dynamos, electri-
cal goods; new, 2d hand. Smith C 0. ,527 Mission.
LENS 5x7 lIIA Zelss anastigmat with B. &
/ L. diaphragm shutter; In perfect ord,er;
cheap. R 45. 530 California st.
TWO fine Jersey mi::h cows for sale.. Apply at
stable, 523 Minna St.; above Sixth.
ONLY $10; new electropoise oxygen cure. Ad-
dress box 2789. Call office. .
FOR sale— A. fine skiff and hunting dog. In-
quire 8 Hawthorne st., city. .
FOR SALE— pumps, engine and boiler
and large Iron tank. 'Apply HAVENS &
TOEI'KK, Architects, 55 Flood building.
GAS engine, 12-horse power; Oriental No. 4;
centrifugal pump: engine runs with gasoline,
coal oil, benzine or distillate. Box 2074, Call.
GAS fixtures very low; large assortment; 1
and 2-bowl barber washstands, cheap. HuF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate- aye.
COMPLETE set of. tinning tools for sale cheap.
654 Mission st. ■ .' . • ,
BARS ' back ' bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store ana
office furniture and fixtures: new and se>
ona hand J. > NOON AN. 1017-1019-1021-1021
Mission st. above Sixth.
7 t> . POOL house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; Tel. So. 787.
WHISKY. -Kentucky. '97; bonded warehouse,
San Francisco: 39c gallon. Address STAND-
ARD LIQUOR CO., San Francisco.
FVGISE boiler, dynamo, motor, belts and
pump. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st. ...
A FES— New and second-hand; cheaper, than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc, 533 Sacramento.
R \ FES— Bargains In new and second-hand; all
sizes'; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
fJBAPHOPHONES, $10: Records, $5 -per dor..; '
,, G p4jectoicope. Baclgalupl, 933-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press.
desk and cafe cheap. 102 Clay at. 
BARS, showcases, counters, • shelving, etc.. \'
-bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
SEWING MACHINES.
ALL.klndsTbouTht, \ sold,- exchanged, rented;
. Repairing; lowest rates. : ZDa Fourth .at. -, ..
12 MONTHLY-Rented. repaired, sold;
machine supplier 145 Sixth st.; phone Mint *
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 23, 1898.
HOISES TO LET.
ALL OVER TOWN
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWEIX, 10 Montgomery. ■
CUPPER, 74— House of 5 rooms and bath and
stable; $15. ■
HOUSE to let; partly furnished; 'J rooms; $45.
727 Ashbury st.
JULIAN AYE., 137, near ixteenth md Mis-
sion; 7-room house and bath; $15.
MCALLISTER. 818 - Sunny house, S rooms;
front and rear garden; rent reduced $30.
OAK. 421— Stylish Eastlake residence, 8 rooms
and bath: latest improvements. $3.').
TURK. 733— Seven rooms and bath; all modern
improvements^
TWENTY-THIRD, 2754, near Hampshire — 6
rooms; bath: yard: rent $16^
$S— HOUSE of 4 rooms and stable. Apply
Twenty-seventh and Alabama sta.
6-ROOM house, bath and basement, $11: Laurel
aye , near Turk and Buchanan sts. HOOKER
& LENT. 14 Post st :
$25— HOUSE 5 rooms and bath; large barn;
6 stalls. 120 Clara st. NICOL. 410 K- arny
COTTAGES TO LET.
BERKELEY— Furnished cottage, electric lights
throughout, to rent for the summer. 2115
Bancroft way, near Berkeley Station; $25.
SUNNY cottages. 4 and 5 rooms; bath: base-
ment; yard and stable; cheap. 15, 6 Fifteenth
st.. near Dolores.
FLATS TO LET.
\— s9 and $10; 3 and 4-room dandy flats.
A— ?ls; 5 rooms; on Geary st.; reduced from
*~300 other flats, cheap. SPECK & CO., 602
Market St.
FLAT E sunny rooms and bath, yard and base-
ment. Apply 134 Page st.
FLAT of 4 rooms, bath and modern improve-
ments. 3442 Twentieth St., corner^Capp^
ELEGANT top flat; 6 rooms, bath: latest im-
provements. 145 Grove st. , near City Hall.
FELL, 111S— Upper flat S sunny rooms; alcove
parlors, etc.
JACKSON, 1511, near Larkin— Fine sunny up-
I'-t flat of 6 rooms and bath; ?2". BURN-
HAM >\c MARSH CO.. C 2-1 Market st^
NINTH, 241— Modern bay-window flat, 4 rooms
and bath; $15.
$11 AND $10— X'pper and lower flats, 5 and 4
ns. 35 Moss st.. off Howard, nr. Seventh.
$13 NICE sunny f.;it. 5 moms, bath; gas and
y.ird. 3930 Nineteenth, bet. Sanchez and Noe.
TEHAMA, 329— A modern flat t>f 6 rooms, lat-
est improvements; rent reduced.
$12— WATER free: sunny lower 4-room flat;
modern; large lot: garden. 4075 Twenty-third
St., few steps from Castro; care key 4UiU
HOI SEKEKPING ROOMS.
EDDY, 91»— Two or 4 unfurnished or furnished
rooms; gas; range; fine location; private resi-
dence.
FIFTH 309— Modern housekeeping rooms, newly
furnished; suites 2 or 3 connecting; sunny.
FIFTH, 320—3 clean furnished housekeeping
rooms, $13; 2, $12; also single room. $5.
FIFTH, 42S'i— Front room and kitchen, com-
pletely furnished for housekeeping.
GEARY, 729— Five unfurnished sunny rooms;
upper part; yard; rear ,
GROVE, 202, cor. Van Ness aye.— Sunny un-
furnished 3-room suites with gas stove.
HARRISON, 731—4 rooms, furnished complete
for housekeeping; large yard; bath: rent $!«.
HOWARD, 1138. bet. Seventh and Eighth-
Sunny front room; kitchen; rent reasonable.
HOUSEKEEPING or furnished rooms for
small family with references; reasonable
terms. Apply 1520 Pay St.
JACKSON. S2O, near Mason— Furnished sunny
front large housekeeping rooms; single, $4.
JESSIE. 865, near Fifth and Market— 2 sunny
housekeeping rooms.
LARK IX, 82ft— Nicely furnished sunny house-
keeping apartments; central.
I.AItKIN, 433— Neatly furnished housekeeping
rooms; rent reasonable.
LEWIS. IS. off Taylor, near Post— Large
room and kitchen; unfurnished; reasonable.
MCALLISTER, 422—2 or 3 nicely furnished
rooms, complete for housekeeping; gas raiiKt .
NINTH. 20 — Sonny suite, complete for house-
keeping, $11 mo.; single, $o up; water and gas.
O'FARRELL, 406%— 1 or 2 unfurnished bay-
window rooms; sun all day; rent reasonable.
POLK, 52Z— Vnfurnishe.l or furnished room;
suites or single; rent cheap.
MISSION, 925 1 4— 2 completely furnished sunny
rooms; housekeeping exclusive; bath; porch.
SEVENTH, 205— Two sunny unfurnished front
rooms; running water; $9.
STOCKTON, 611, nr. Pine— Floors of 3 unfur-
nished rooms; . splendidly furnished ones;
large garden.
SUNNY unfurnished rooms; marine view; $4.
266 Chestnut sti
SX'TTER. 2620 — 3 rooms, washtubs, use of
bath; furniture of kitchen and bedroom for
sale If desired.
TENTH, 186, cor. Minna— 2 or 3 sunny rooms
complete for housekeeping; rent reasonable.
THIRD, SOS -Furnished room complete for
housekeeping. $5 to $7: sunny bedroom, $4-
TWELFTH. 145 — 2 pleasant Runny rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; $12 per month.
61." LARKlN— Branch office of The Call. Sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
ROOMS TO LET.
ALTON, 204 Mi Allister— Sunny front rooms and
suites; also 3 complete for housekeeping.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— Newly furnished; fami-
lies and gentlemen; references given.
BOND, 16— Nicely furnished front room for 1
or 2 gentlemen.
J'.l:< >AIAVAY. 7ini, corner Stockton— Three hand-
somely furnished connecting parlors, suitable
for doctor or dentist; has, been occupied by
doctor for 14 years; reasonable rent.
CENTRAL House. 52 2d— Good family & single
rms.; day, 25, 50c; wk., $1 2n, $2 50; mo.. $5 up.
CLEMENTINA, 484%- Bunny furnished room
with use of parlor, $3 per month.
DELAWARE. 1151 Market— Furnished single
and double rooms, $S and $10 mo. { nice suites.
EDDY, HS-^-Sunny, clean rooms, $6; housekeep-
ing suite cheap; quiet house.
EDDY. 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms per night.
60c to $1; week. $2 to $6; families.
FOT'RTH, 222% — Nice furnished rooms, single
and double, $1 upward.
FULTON, 833— Two unfurnished front rooms
with board. The Mizpah.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 Mission; select family
rooming house: $1 50 to $6 per week.
HAVES, 562 — 3 lovely sunny connecting rooms,
SIS; single, $10, $7, $4; housekeeping If desired.
, — .
HOWARD, 715, ST. DAVID'S — 200 rooms;
suites; single; sunny reading room; 25c up.
.HOWARD, fiS9— By day, weeK or month; 25c,
30c, 75c and $1 per day; $5 to $15 per month.
JONES, 1705, near Broadway — 4 nice sunny
rooms; grand marine view; rent $13.
KEARNY, 215 — Newly furnished suites; also
single rooms: first floor.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
)>;iy- window room, $1 a week.
MISSION, 1520— Nicely furnished single and
double rooms; $."> j»t month up.
NATOMA, 2S7 — Front sunny room, third flat, $4
month; gentleman or lady. Mrs. Hagedorm.
N'KAT furnished room, $4. 4.'0 Minna st.
NEVADA House, 132 Sixth— Select rooms, $1 50
to $4 50 week. $6 to $15 month; also house-
keeping.
OAK, 22— Nicely furnished modern rooms, $6
and $8 mo.; suitable for 2; nice location.
PHILADELPHIA House, 421 Bush— Rooms ;
gas: running water; $1 week up; sunny.
PINK, :L'"K — Neat furnished rooms; suite and
single; gas and bath.
POWELL, 203 (The Montello)— Sunny suites
and single rooms: reasonable: transient.
POWELL, 509 — Two nicely furnished sunny
rooms adjoining: suitable for two gentlemen.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
SILVER STATE. 16-18 Mason— European; els-
gant rooms; suite or single: t'ay, week or
month: baths; hot and cold water; transient;
elevator.
STEVENSON; 79. next corner Second — Tailors'
workrooms to. let.
STOCKTON, 17 — European: elegant rooms;
suite or single; day, week or month; baths;
hot and cold water; transient: elevator.
SUTTEK, 7K.-717-719, and 609 Hyde— Furnished
and unfurn.; choice and sunny; reasonable.
Rr'TTER, 791 (Sutherland Hotel)— Nice sunny
rooms; suites or single; elevator: moderate.
TKNTH, 123, old No, 111 — Large sunny front
l'P--v.-indow room. $10 per month.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. <y DON NELL, office and residence,
1206 Market; diseases o£ womea a specialty.
HOARDING AND ROOMS.
FELL, 26— Lovely sunny parlor with flrst-class
board for 2, $35 mo ; preferred.
FOLSOM. 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $3 prr week: nice location.
GEARY, 4C0 — Elegant modern sunny rooms and
first-class board; reasonable; references.
HYDE 408— Frottl sunny alcove and single
rooms; first-class board,_£ouple, $36 mo. up.
HYDE 9">5— Sunny suites; flrst-clai«s board;
quiet; homelike. MR3. T. W. BROTHER-
TON.
O'FARRELL. 810 — Modeta sunny romns with
first-closs table board; private family: ref.
SOUTH PARK. 169— 000 d table board. $3 per
week, with nice sunny front room, $4 week.
TURK SSo—Nicei o—Niceo—Nice0 — Nice room two gentlemen; baih;
gas; 'grate: board: private family: $35.
VAN NESS aye— Beautiful sunny rooms:
southern exposure; building new; al! mod-
prn conveniences: newly furnished: elegant
for gentlernrn: board optional. Apply at SOS
Van Ness aye
CHILDHK> BOARDED.
an' elderly la<3y will take infants to board; a
* mother's' care; references. 234£ Sixth sc.
WIDOW with a comfortable home would like
2 children to board; terms reasonable. 51
Clara st.
WIDOW having her own home would like the
care of a baby: mother s care. MRS. SHIV-
ERS, Antloch". Cal.
STORES TO LET.
P?Tb vVr" erocerv ' fixtures complete: 3 rooms:
brick basement.' Northeast corner Dolores
and Fifteenth sts.
HOWARD, ISo2— Store to let; 2 living rooms;
rent cheap. ,
NINTH 500— Corner store, new fixtures; 3
* rooms' and stable; rent low:
STORE with rooms, 2046 Mission St.; occupied
for 9 'years as cigar and stationery store:
near school. ■
_.I)l ( ATION J AL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ine telegraphy, languages. English branch-
es- 'Electrical civil and mining engineering:
surveying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100
graduates placed_since 1892; catalogue.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
individual instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.: life scholar-
ship $50- low rates per week and month.
ENGINEERING School: civil, electrical, mmm-
i; inech survey, assay, archlt.; day & eve.;
est.' 1564. VAN DER NAILEN. 933 Market.
in 11 >X X (-: i: l ' l N ' I m.I rapid calculations; a
co-'rse in Tarr's counting-room makes you
thorough. Room 572, 855 Market st.
WEBSTER. 2107V4- Piano teacher; studied in
Paris: terms reasonable; b st references.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236 Mar-
ket St.; 124 positions In '96; 103 in '91
BOOKKEEPING ■■>: .thmetic. writing, gram-
mar: day, night: S3 mo. 1504 Market, op. Bth.
gtti'ai; i! ■ '■■ ' : iano and vocal lessons,
$3 per month. MARY WESTHAUS. 39 Fifth.
VOICE culture piano, Paris graduate: French.
Spanish; new .lasses: $2 mo. 109 Taylor st.
615 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of T_« Call.
Suhseriptl'cns and want nds taken.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
WHAT^sT-HAT? YOU ARE 7
GOING TO BUY A PIANO?
WELL. NOW. WHAT DO YOU "VANT?
A piano made in IS9S, with every dollar ex-
pended on the instrument, modern in every
respect, with all the late attachments, or the
same old piano made from 1543 scales?
I have a piano to sell that 1 will guarantee
from top to bottom and will back it with
every dollar I have. As I own my o-»-n build-
ing and store, and as the manufacturers also
back this instrument with $2,000,000, this, I
think, a good iruarontee.
The piano is the Kingsbury.
The price la $225.
The address is 526 Hayes st.
The firm is .T. HARRY SCOTT.
•AS we are soiling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $0 I > r month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash. Bargains
in good see-'rM-hund uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Pteinway Dealers, earner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. Pan Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
A FEW more bargains in second-hand pianos —
Rrm isch J! 25
Srathusek 150
Augustus Baus & Co 200
• 'amemn 250
Byron Mauzy 800
BYRON MAUZY. pianos, 30S-312 Post st.
ABSOLUTELY the oiaf-st and largest house
woat of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
ONE Newhall piano $55
One Zech piano 70
One Fischer piano 80
Twenty others at all prices.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16-20 O'Farrell.
THE best pianos and the lowest prices are
offered by the Zeno Maavals Music Co.. 769
Market st. : agents for the celebrated Decker
& Son pianos.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mausy, Newby, Evans.
Briggs and other piano:.; see our rent plan;
no interest first year. 30S. 310. 312 Post st.
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale- Must sell pianos at
immense reduction for rash or on install-
ments. EATON ESTATE. 735 Market »t.
PIANOFORTE, a bargain, square grand, cost
$200; will sell for $60. 130 Seventh st.
HORNUNG'S new scale pianos; an unpre-
cedented success. 216 Post st.
$125— FINE upright: great bargain. 16 McAllis-
ter St., next Hibernla Rank. SCHMITZ.
AGENCY Hain<?s Bros, pianos: second-hand
pianos. $75 up. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE, 30 rvFarrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. IL
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
SMALLEST nd. lowest prlr», Heine. 136 Ellis.
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies.
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick 'cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
.etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
• delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. DR. AND MRS. M. DAVIES. 59
McAllister st,; pills, %2.
ALL monthly irregularities or other conditions
from whatever cause restored at once; safe
and sure at any time; kind sympathy and
aid; instant relief for travelers; tumors re-
moved by electricity; home In confinement;
best care and privacy; for guaranteed relief
consult the doctor, free, before going else-
where; regulating pills^nd capsules, $1.
MRS. DR. WEYTH, 918 g^t st., nr. Larkin.
DRS. GOODWIN, 401 Van Ness a've.— LadlesT
near or far, consult free the only doctor who
uses Schenck's method, the celebrated French
■physician; a safe, sure and reliable cure for
all Irregularities from whatever cause; re-
stores strength and vigor of organs; unex-
celled; 15 years' practice; maternity home;
best skill, low fees; pills. $2.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; a home in confinement, with best
possible care; with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital : those sick or discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their case;
they will find in her a true friend. MRS.
DR. GWYER. 226 Turk st.
SURE cure, when others fail; no medicine or
instruments; every woman her own physi-
cian for female troubles, no matter what
cause: restore in 1 day; never falls; consulta-
tion free; can be sent- and up«] at home. DR.
POPPER, 31S Kearny; orders by telegram.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause); no instruments used; cure at of-
fice, $E; consultation free; hours 10 to 5. DX.
AND MRS. KOHL. 1118 Market st
A BOON to wives and mothers— Reguro; price
$1 SO. RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay St.: send
2c stamp for particulars to Peguro Manu-
facturing Co., 531 X st., Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles: no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O D. ; don't dplay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
LADIES— Mr*. Dr. Puetz: Infallible, safe rem-
edi»s: 3S years' experience. 2M'j. Fourth St.
DR. HALL. 59 McAllister St.; diseases of ~wo^
men and children.
HOME In confinement: diseases of women.
MRP. PR. FT NKE. 1416 Bth St.. Alameda.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $l 50, postage
free.
STORAGE.
AT low rates— Furniture, carpets, planosT
household goods; clean, light compartments;
advances made. J. NOONAN, 1017 to 1021
Mission St., above Sixth: open evenings.
AT lowest rates — Household goods, pianos; ad-
vancps made: fireproof bunding. F. W.
7EHFUSP. 840 Mission st. Tel. Mint 1821.
~HOI'SES_FOR_SALE.
FINE house for sale.
An elegantly furnished house of ten rooms.
complete in every detail, with all modern
improvements; situated in the most beautiful
part if the city, with a perfect marine view:
a great bargain for ft cash buyer: rents now
for $100. Address HENRY GROG AN, box
2137. Call Office.
PERSOXALS.
TEDDIE— Got letter all right, but no address;
please send it. E. A. W. .
IRENE LYNCH— Come home: mamma very
ill; fear nothing-. WM., ELLEN. FRED.
GRACE. ______-.
MATRIMONIAL.
ALL seeking marriage send 10c and postage for
March "Wedding Bell": 1C pages; no $5 re-
quired. Editor. 11l Ellis St.. San Francisco.
A FREE prescription for monthly irregularf-
ties: it never fails to relieve in one day; no
deadly drugs, pills or capsules; the prescrip-
tion will be sent free with every $5 order,
after which it- can be made at home at a
cost of a few cents; by sending $2 in 2c
stamps enough of the remedy will be sent to
last six months: office hours. 10 to 4. G to 8
evenings. THE ATWELL CO.. MH Geary st..
San Francisco.
LITHO engraving battle-ship Maine, framed
and unframc-d: framing with glass 7x9 inches,
10c; Bxlo and 10x12, Lie: 11x14 and 12x16, 20c;
14x17. 25c; 18x20. tOtr, ISx22. ?.sc: 20x24. 45c; 22x
28, 60c; curtain poles complete, 15c; rm. mold-
lng.all colors, lc ft;open eve. Jones,s47 Mission
COME Into the largest hair dressing establish-
ment on the Pacific Coast; best of service,
25c only; good switches, $1; best, finest qual-
ity, $3 50; extra heavy, long, %o: open Sun-
days from 9 to 12. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton.
QUINONIA Hair Tonic is. in all cases, en-
tirely harmless. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third st.. nr. Market: 200 rooms,
250 to $1 50 pc- night; $1 ~,0 to $6 per week:
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made In
San Francisco at Eastern prices. WALTER
N. BRUNT. 535 Clay St.. S. F.
MISS ANDERSON, baths, massage; Swedish
movement. 906 Market, room 25, second floor.
PAINTING, papering, tinting, whitening at
lowest prices. F. EDWARDS, 1200 Webster.
CLOAKS and fine tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. 20 Sansome St.
AGENT wanted- to take order 3 for merchant
tailoring. NEUHAUS & CO., 115 Kearny.
TRUNKS moved. 25c. Commercial Transfer
Co.. 22 Stockton st.; phone Main 49.
SUIT to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
:i.i:vi:XTH. lOfi— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
DRESSM.-KEHS.
PAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College, 916 Market st.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses.
$5 up; dresses made over. 6 Eddy St.. rm. 86.
«5 LARKlN— Branch office of the Call. Sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader: born double veil and second sight;
diagnoses disease; full life reading; ladies 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clairv.; sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MMX. SYHILLE," cradle to grave; future hus-
band'a i>k-ture, 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MMB. LE NOHMANDE, reliable clairvoyant,
card reader, magnetic treatment. 401 Leavnwth.
MIPS BELL GRANT, card reading and mag-
netic healing. 122 Post st., ropm 10.
"MIPS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and
water reader. 921*4 Mission: German spoken.
CONSULT the lucky medium. 41 Minna st.
YOUR future told by cards; ladies 10c; gents
26a 327 Fifth st.
MIPS EDNA V. GRANT. 215 Kearny St., room
2; mind-Yeader and palmist.
MME. MOREAI*. best medium and card-
reader; 25c up; German spoken. 73 Fourth st.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings daily. 128% Sixth St.. room 14.
MISS PEARL HARRISON, card reader and
magnetic healer. Room 2, 120'/i Geary St.
GYPPY life reader gives correct answers to
all questions; L., 25c; G., 50c; no sign. 3 7th.
MMX. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth St.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS-First in her pro-
• fession; never falls: advice: help. 929 Post.
CHFAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
f tites or Canada one year for $1 60. postage
fr»-e.
SPIR.IVUAI.ISiH.
TEST meeting, (| p. m.. 10c; 335 MrAllister;
Stitt. Nita. Makin, Hargrave, Evens, Gll-
lingham, others.
AT 111 Larkln St., 8 p. m.. People's Society;
good talent; admission free.
MBDIUMS' Assn. meeting to-night. Mrs. Rob-
in- .n. Shriner. Ladd. Finnecan. 997 Market.
MRS, ELSIE REYNOLDS, materializing: se-
ance. "VYed. eve. 50c. 322 O'Farrell st.
11l LARKIN st.. to-night at S p. m.. People's
S. ciety; Mr. Simpson, Mrs.Wn-nn and others.
TEST and healing circle to-night. 8. 25c; Mrs.
Hovet and Mrs. Waltham, 453 Polk St.
C. V. MILLER'S etherialiklag trumpet seance,
Bp. m., 25c. 4"!' Leavenworth st.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia; sittings,
$1; circles Tues., 2; Sat. eve., 8 p. m. ; 25c.
M FRA'N<"BS. independent slate-writing me-
dium. 118 Haight st.
MRS. SHRINER. clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 120 A Eddy St., room 3.
MRS J J. WHITNEY, spiritual medium, for
messages and advice. 21S Stockton st.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The t_-.i.
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
HYPNOTISM.
SAN FRANCISCO College of Suggestive Thera-
peutics: private Instruction. 911 Van Ness
aye. L. F. TfRMAN, S.-o.
DEXTISTS.
VAN VROOM electro-dental parlors; painless
dentistry; no shock; painless extraction a
positive fact; full set of teeth, $5 up; silver
fillings. 2Sc up; gold crowns. $3 50 up: your
teeth put in without a plate, open evenings.
997 Market St., cor. Sixth; 'Phone Jessie 1695.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates: light ami thin: warranted ten years:
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50: all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
NEW YORK Dentists— Painless extraction, 60c;
plates, $5; gold filling. 750 up; silver, 2sc up;
plates mended, $1 up; open eventnea and
Sundays. 963 Mission St.. cor. Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. nr. 11th;
no charge for extracting when plates are
made- old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; ertractlng 50c; gas given.
DR GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
OHIO Dental Parlors have removed from 906 to
819 Market st.. Academy of Sciences building,
rooms 30. 31 and 32. fifth floor.
L~\~ TEAGUE. A. CANE nnd F. TEAOUE,
removed to Call bid?:., ttlj Boor, rm.«. 6*3-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st. '■
SET~~of "Teeth without a plate. DR. H. C
YOUNG. 1841^ Polk St.
615 ■ LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscription* nn<l want ads taken^
HORSES.
HORDES, harness, laundry, express wagons of
all kinds, liugglf'R, carts bought, sold, ex-
changed at Emporium, 220 Valencia at. - '
WANTED— 6O old horses free from disease
and physic for feed for the animals. ■- Ad-
dress Manager of the Zoo, Chutes.. city.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 827 Sixth St.. auction sales . every Wed-
" nesday ST'T.T.TV**: .» nOTT.E Auctioneer*.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or Installments; 1 fine. top and open
buggy: also l.hack. S2B Harrison st. -
TYPEWRITERS.
YOST, good order, $25; send for sample work.
SCOTT & BANNAN. 333 Montgomery st.
ELEVENTH, : 106— Branch office of . The Call;
. subscriptions and want ads taken. ' ,*
" TO LEASER
FACTORY to -lease: Folsom St., bet. Fourth
and Fifth; buildings, engine and boilers.
j BURKHAM & MARSH CO.. 28 Market St..
LEGAL " NOTICES. ; . "
CITY and • County; Treasury, ; San / Francisco,
; March 16, — In compliance with the provis-
, ions of section 5 of order 1598 of the 'Board of
i Supervisors, >■ approved -.- September ; 15, 1 ISSO,
there will be sold at public auction by E. d.
i Spear ; & Co., at their salesrooms, .31 and 33
Sutter street, on /..'•.,.' - ,■-. ; \ . : .
MONDAY, APRIL IS. IS9S,
' At 10 o'clock a. m., sundry articles of stolen,.
. lost and unclaimed property, recovered by the
police force of San Francisco, as detailed In
' an inventory thereof on ■ file in , the ;of flee of
■the clerk of the Board of Supervisors, and
■consisting* of Jewelry, wearing: apparel, pis-
9 tols, knives, etc: also a lot of trunks, valises,
:v clothing,'- etc., ■•* property ?of ■ deceased ■■ person*
received from the Coroner of this city -< and
"'• county. Open for inspection on morning ; of
sale A. C. WIDBER.
i - City and County Treasurer. I
CITY RE -Li ESTATE.
INSTALLMENT HOUSES.
The best-situated spot in the cify for
homes; right on a car line: corner Castro and
Twentieth sts. ; only 4 out of 28 houses re-
maining unsold: 1 large 6-room house, $3600,
highly decorated, street accepted; 1 S-room
cottage, $2S00: 1 6-room cottage. $2400. and 1
4-room cottage. $2250. F. NELSON, owner
and builder.
FINE property cheap oh account of foreclos-
ure: house of 6 rooms, near park panhandle.
Apply grocery corner Hayes and Lyon sts.
for 1 week, between 2 and 6 p. m.; no agents.
$800— FOR sale— Great barga.a; improved lot in
warm belt of Mission: half cash: balance on"
time. Address box 2513, Call office.
BARGAlN— Handsome new 2-story 6-room cot-
tage; very sunny; fine view: 1114 Green st. :
easy terms. HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post st.
BIG bargain — 6 modern Western Addition flats,
$15,000; renting for $153 SO; $7000 can remain
on mortgage. Postofflce box 2495.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for mailing.
COUNTRY REAL. ESTATE.
COU>TrßYhorne7olet7nSaJita^^
Stanford University and Mountain View; 1
mile from Mayfleld: house 7 rooms; 2 cottages
4 rooms; garden, orchard, etc; will rent low
for 1 or 3 years to suitable tenant. Apply C.
S. CAPP & CO., Real Est. Agts., 630 Market.
WILL sell or exchange for property in this
city or Oakland— A ranch of 56 acres, unin-
cumbered; 6-room cottage, hard-finished, ■well
furnished: stock, farm implements, etc.;
within 3 mil-s of Santa Rosa. Particulars
2914 California St., after 4 p. m.
FOR sale— l:;> acres: fine virgin redwood and
pine timber; near'L. E. White's railroad at
Elk. Men.locino Count-- consisting of the NE.
Va of SW. % of Sec. 31. township 14 N.. range
15 west. For full particulars as to price, etc.,
apply to A. CLOCKERS, Navarro, Cal.
WRITE for .list: good land, $10 and $20 an acre.
M. GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta Co.. Cal.
LARKSPUR REAL ESTATE.
BEAUTIFUL HOMES IN LARKSPUR.
Villa lots and acreage: easy terms: 45 minutes
from the city: cottages for rent. AMERICAN
LAND TRUST <^O . 132 Market st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL. ESTATE.
MUST be sold— Corner lot, 100x150. with 5
houses, bringing in a rental of $S5 per month;
only one block from narrow gauge depot;
will be sold in whole or part: offer wanted.
J. CALLAGHAX, Sl4 Broadway. Oakland.
FOUR special bargains in new houses just
completed, ranging in price from $1800 to
$4000; they are ideal homes, with the latest
design and improvements: near local stations,
car lines, schools, etc.; must be sold at once;
be sure and examine these properties be-
fore purchasing; photographs and (pedal de-
scriptions as to location will be mailed free
of charge. J. S. MYERS, lw2 Broadway,
Oakland.
BARGAIN — Neat cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
high basement: large lot: location. West st..
near Seventeenth, the best in Oakland; only
a few minutes' walk to broad and narrow
gauge locals and near City Hall and churches;
price $2'JOO if taken soon. A. J. SAMUEL &
CO.. 468 Ninth St.. Oakland.
OAkLAND^JFURMTI R£JFOR^SALE U
FURNITURE and household goods very cheap
this week. SCHELLHAAS' old store, 40S
Eleventh St.. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS^
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$750 — Lot 50x270; modern cottage 5 rooms, near
schoolhouse.
$12uo — Sacrifice; corner lot 35x140; good house of
6 rooms and one of 4 rooms.
$1600— Lot 50x150; fine cottage of 7 rooms and
bath: near Chestnut station.
$2550 — $150 cash; $25 per month; lot 40x150; only
2 blocks from station and TilgTi school.
$3750— New house of 7 rooms and bath; lot
42x150: choice location: very easy terms.
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. M'iREAL & CO.. 1432 Park St.
FRIITVALE REAL ESTATE.
A RARE chance for a good home In the Uni-
versity town ; a seven-room house, nearly
new: close to Berkeley station-; price only
J1C0; terms $235 down, remainder with S per
cent interest, payable in $16 monthly pay-
ments. O. G. MAY & CO., 2123 Center St.,
Berkeley.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
RARE chance in the Un/versity town; best
northeast corner on Bancioft way; lot 78x120;
elegant 8- room cottage home, nearly new;
hand frescoed; electric lights; porcelain bath:
everything first-class; yard set with choice
plants; nice assortment of fruit trees and
berries. Owner leaving town. Call or ad-
dress M. L. WURTS, Seventeenth St. ' and
Broadway. Wurtz block, Oakland.
PKOPEKTY TO hXO AMil.
FOR sale — 152 acres clear land, with stock,
crop and implements: near school and depot;
will take in part San Francisco Improved
property; clear; no agents. Inquire 330V2
Sixth st., from 9 to 3.
ftIONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate;
2d and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in
probate, life insurance, goods In warehouse,
furniture without removal; no delay. R. Mc-
COLGAN, 24 Montgomery St., room 3.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions; no delays. J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14^
ADVANCES quick on furniture, pianos, with-
out removal; mdse In storage; life Ins. poli-
cies, house rents, bank books, etc. ; low In-
terest: private; no com. R. 68. 1170 Market.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 948 Market st; tel. Green 204.
$5 UP to any amount on indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or Jewelry; all business
strictly confidential: private offices. M. E.
DOUGAN & CO., 230 Kearny St.; upstairs.^
ON furniture, pianos; city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell st.
GO to a regular licensed pawnbroker at 1
Fourth St.. upstairs; strictly private; low
rates; tel. Red 1121; established 1869.
REAJL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER, S2B Montgomery st.
ANY sum. Ist or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, etc. Room 7, 508 California st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country: any sum; Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, eta MURPHY. 628 Market st.
ON pianos, furniture; no removal; lowest
rates; no com.: private. 116 McAllister at.
SIXTH. 10— Most reliable place to borrow
money; diamonds and jewelry.
FINANCIAL.
LOANS on real estate, bonds, etc. ; lowest
rates. McAFEE BROS., in? Montgomery st.
PAWNBROKERS.
SAVE interest and borrow from the CUT RATE
LOAN OFFICE. 22 Mason st. : private rooms.
MONEY WANTED.
11000— Wanted in- manufacturing business; 5000
shares of stock; security. 1309 Broadway,
Oakland.
COi ARTNERSHIP NOTICES.
NOTICE of dissolution of copartnership — No-
tice Is hereby given that the co-partnership
of HOFFMAN & DAHL, heretofore existing
and doing business at 220 Market street, in
this city, under the firm name of The San
Francisco Steam Show Case Works, is thia
day mutually dissolved. MR. FRANK HOFF-
MAN, who will hereafter, conduct the busi-
ness, will pay all debts, and is authorized to
collect all debts due said firm.
FRANK HOFFMAN.
JOHN DAHL.
Pan Francisco, March 19, 1898.
MARRIAGE LICENSE.?.
The following marriage licenses were issued
by the County Clerk's office yesterday:
J J. Rackerby and "Lizzie R. Macy, 29-30.
L. W. Andersen and Sadie McFall. 33-26.
Harry Cohen and Ida Barren, 23-20.
J. G. Hagerty and Grace I. Bonner. 25-22.
Louis Anoker and Phoebe Greenbaum, 30-20.
Giuseppe Mattainl and Eliza Taylor. 40-33.
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be
handed in at either of the publication offices
and bfe indorsed with the name and residence
of persons authorized to have the same pub-
lished. • •
BORN.
BARNETT— In this city, March 8, 1898. to the
wife of J. W. Barnett, a son.
BUICK«-In this city, March 20, 189S, to the wire
of William Buick. a daughter.
CAVIN— In this city, Marcn 4, 1888, to the wife
of J. C. Cavin, a son.
>
HICKS— In this city, March 28. tttt, to the
wife of T. J. Hicks, a. daughter.
SWF.HNEY— In this city, March IS, I*9B, to the
wife of John r>. Sweeney, a daughter.
MARRIED.
COLLETT — TRUSCOTT —In Bishop, Cal..
Manh MS, ÜBS, by the Rev. W. F. McClure,
J. B. Collect and Janie Trusoott.
rKRETTI— HUCKINS— In Reno. Nev.. Febru-
ary 24. ISaS. by the Rev. Dr. Lee, John Fer-
rettl and Agnes Huckins, both of San Fran-
cisco.
RACKERBT— MACT— In this city. Man h 2-.
ISM, by the Rev. W. S. Urmy, John James
Rackerby and Lizzie R. Macy, both of San
Fran-
RUF— NSUOART— In this city. March 19. 1898.
l>y the Rev. Paul Bnoke, Albin Ruf and
I'rlma Neugart.
I>IED.
Anglin. Patrick Marks. Celia H.
Barrett. Ann M. Morse, Mary A.
Bray. Nellie Miquelajaureguyi L>.
Browning, Lillie C. Murray. Thomas
Calven, J. Platt, John
Conner. Richard L. Preece. Hiram
Downey, Timothy J. Schmitt. Pauline
Green, Michael " Shaw. Henry
Hannigan, Vincent Verheyen, Mary
Kelly, Henry Wade. Ella C.
Lane, Michael W. Wigney, Nellie V.
M< O.nough, Mrs. B. Williams, Clara
Mahon, Hugh
ANGLIN— In this city, March 22. ISW. Pat.
rick, beloved husband of Annie Anglin, an 4
brother of Thomas Anglin, a native of Cas-
tlegrace, County Tipperary. Ireland, aged H
years.
E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from his latt- it si-
dence. 2621 '/z Bryant street, thence to St.
Peter's Church, Twenty-fourth and Alabama
streets, where a requleta high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
. mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemeterj".
BARRETT— In Sausalito. March 21, IS9B, Ann
Maria Barrett, a native of Westport, County
Mayo. Ireland, aged 72 years.
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 'J o'clock, from St. Mary's
church, Sii'jsalito. Interment Sausalito.
Friends from San Francisco will ake tha
7:25 boat.
BRAY— In this city. March 20. Is9B. Nellie.' be-
lo\ ed daughter i>r Patrick and the late Han-
nah Bray, and lister of Thomas Bray, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 22 years S months
and 8 d-iys
ICTThe funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English, 41 Van Ness avenue. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BROWNING— In this city. March 22. IS9S. Lillia
C, dearly beluui.il daughter of William and
Sophie Browning, and Bister of Mrs. C. Man-
gels. Mrs. C. Mi'iissdornVr anil J. N. and Wil-
liam Browning, a native of San Franci^o.
tyFnneral private.
CAI.VKN It: th-- City and County Hospital,
M;.iv!i B, IMS, J- Calvtn, a. native of France,
aged 71 years.
CONNER— In this city, March it. IMB, Rich-
ard Lee Conner, a native of California, aged
X years.
DOWNEI In this city, March 20. IS9B. Timo-
thy J ., beloved husband of Carrie Downey.
father of George and Timothy Downey, and
••■• ■!■ <>f Mrs. P, Connolly, and nephew of
Mr ( "ran of Mate,., a native of Eng-
land, aged :>:i years.
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at l:S0 o'clock, from his lata
residence, .iL" ( 4 Fohwm street, the"nee to St.
li t.-r's Church, where a requiem high ma»(
will be celebrated for tin- repose of his soul,
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GREEN— In this city. March 22. IS'.W. Michael,
beloved brother Of Mary Green, a native of
County Roscummon. Ireland, aged 62 years.
HANXIGAN— Hi Oakland, March .1. ISW3, Vin-
cent Hannigan. known in religion as Brother
Uipian. beloved son of Mr. ;.nd Mrs. J. P.
Hanr.ig.in, and brother of the Rev. J. B.
Ilannlgan of San Francisco. Sister Mary
Dominica and the late Sister M. Lorenzo of
Sacred Heart Convent, Oakland, a native of
Chicago, 111., aged 27 years S months and 9
days.
t£7"The funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday 1, from St. Joseph's Academy,
corner Fifth and Jackson streets, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oak-
land.
KKLLY— March 21. ISM, Henry, beloved hus-
band of Alice Kelly, and brother-in-law of
Miss Bridget McCarthy, a native of Calais.
Me., aged 69 years.
tCTFriencls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at ;» o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 3818 California street, thence to> St.
Dominic's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
LANE— In this city, March 22. 189S, Michael
W beloved son of Mlenael and the late
Ellen Lane, and brother of Daniel. John.
George and Lulu Lane, Mrs. Singewald an.i
Mrs. Heine, a native of San Francisco, aged
9 jrean 1 month and 3 days.
. iCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 421 Vicksburg street, thence to St.
Paul's Church, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
McDONOUGH— In San Leandro, Mrs. Bridget
McDonongh, beloved mother of Mrs. Buck-
ley, a native of the parish of Mycullen.
cunty Galway, Ireland, aged 81 years and
3 months. (Boston papers please copy.)
tC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the San
Leandrd Catholic Church. High mass.
MAHON— In this city, March 22, 1898, Hugh,
beloved brother of Mrs. Patrick Cull. Mrs.
W. F. Glennon and Olia Mahon. a natrve of
County Leitrim. Ireland, aged 47 years.
IT^"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at S:3O o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his brother-in-law. W. F. Glennon.
15 Cumberland street, thence to Mission Do-
lores Church, where a mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing
at 9 o'clock. Interment private, in Holy
Cross Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
M\RKS— In this city, March 22, 1898, Cella
H beloved wife Of the late Abe- Marks,
mother of Louis, Eveline and Charlie Marks,
daughter of- Mary and the late Louis Bietler-
manr.. and sister of Charles, Louis. Erolinda
and Mary Biedermann, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 25 years 5 months and 2G days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her mother, 364 Minna street. In-
terment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
MORSE— In CnlCO, March 13. IR9S. Mary A..
wife of the late Pr. John T. Morse (dentist).
a native of New York, aged $3 years.
MIQUELAJAUHKGUY--I:i Nap* March 21.
IS9B, Louis Miquelajaurf-v uy. a native of San
Francisco, aged 34- years.
MURRAY— In this city. March 21. 1898.
Thomas, beloved husband of Ellen Murray,
father of Joseph, Johnnie. Willie and Lor-
etto Murray, and brother-in-law of John J.
Nunan, a native of County Wexford, Ire-
land, aged 66 years.
(C?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, £22 Jessie street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for th*> repose of his
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
PL\TT— In Cardiff, South Wales, March 8,
1898. John Platt, beloved father of Alfred G.,
Arthur J. and Arnold B. Platt, a native of
Glossop. England, aged 74 years.
PREECE— In Lassen County. Cal., March 22,
1898 Hiram, beloved husband of Emma
Preece, and father of Arthur. Willie. How-
ard, Frances. Frank and May Preece and
Mrs. Joseph Fay.
SCHMITT— In this city. March 22. 1898. Pau-
line beloved wife of B. L. Schmltt. and
mother of Mrs. Joseph Naphtaly. Mrs. Julius
Witt and Joseph L., Charles A.. Maurice and
Edward A. Schmitt, a native of Alsace, aged.
81 years 1 month and 26 days.
ITT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1603 Post street. Interment Home
of Peace Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
SHAW-In the City and County Hospital,
March 22, 1598, Henry Shaw, a native of Penn-
sylvania, aged 32 years.
VF.RHEYEN-In Ukiah, Cal., March 21. UK,
'■iarv Verheyen. beloved mother or Joseph,
ihine. Charles. Felix and Leon Ver-
heyn, a native of Canada, aged 4o years.
ICT Remains at the parlors of McAvoy &
Gallagher, 20 Fifth street.
WADE— In Napa. March 21, 1838. Ella C be-
loved wife of William F. Wade, and sister
of Mrs. Jeanette A. Goess of Sonoma, Walter
T Robinson of San Francisco and Charles
H Robinson of Seattle, Wash., a native of
Portland, Me., aged 47 years.
WIGNEY-In Alameda. March 21. 1«W, Nellie
V dearly beloved daughter of George A. and
Atrnos Wigney, and sister of Mrs. Charles
rluo MrT E. P. Pendleton. Mrs. C. J.
Sharp and George and Bennie Wigney, a na-
tive of Chicago, 111., aged 22 years 1 month
ITT'Frlpnds and acquaintances are. respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the First
Baptist Church, Santa Clara avenue, be-
tween Stanton and Benton streets. Alameda.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery-
WILLIAMS— In the City and County Hospital,
March 22, IS9S. Clara Williams, a native of
Canada, aged 24 years.
■ • McAVOY & GALLAGHER, r J
1 FUKERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALM^RS I
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER, " f
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMJJR3 I
20 MPTH BT., Opp. Lincoln Solwal.
I ■■■ ■ : ■■■■■■•: ■ , Telephone, South BO._i__ IL _X_
I P^zTHn^^n^^^yoT. Manager. -.■ |
3 yncAVOY «fc CO., 4
I FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3, I
1 1235 Market St.. between Bth and Uth. 0
I .-■■'.-■ Telephone, Sowth 2<7._^_ | .
'■' . Entab. i 1858. < '"■-. ; . .: " Tel. South 47.
CRAIG & COCH RAN CO.
r Funeral Directors and Embalmeps,
•22,24 AND 26 MINT AVENUE/
Lady assistants. Spacious chapel for the ua«
OX our patrona. Rubber Urea on our ambuiaoc*.
1314
DISSIPATION
AND JEFFRIES
DOWN JACKSON
Poor Old Peter No Match
for the Young Cali=
fornia Giant.
The Olympic Club's Uneven Contest
Ended in Three Short
Rounds.
"He may have seen better days" is
the title of a song that a number of
Peter Jackson's old admirers sang last
•vening when on the cars on their way
from the fistic entertainment at Wood
ward's Pavilion.
Poor old Peter was put to rest by
Jeffries, the powerful young heavy
weight from Southern California,
shortly after the commencement of the
third round.
It was virtually a walkover for Jef
fries, who found little or no difficulty
]gi hitting Jackson when and where he
pleased. The colored man was physi-
POOR PETER'S LAST STAGGER.
As Big Jim Jeffries Advanced, Referee McDonald in Mercy Threw Up His Hand,
Consigning the "White Pugilist to Victory and His Dusky Antagonist to Oblivion.
cally unable to either resist attack or
give punishment.
As The Call said yesterday, "if Jef
fries will sail In and fight from the
sound of the gong he should certainly
defeat Jackson in short order."
The Olympic Club did not act
wisely— that is, according to the
opinions of the best judges of pugilism
and pugilists— when it matched Jack
son against a man who handicapped
him in every particular excepting pos
sibly in science.
It is a well known fact that Jackson
■was a physical and financial wreck
when he arrived in thie city from Eng
land and during the past year of his
life he was continually in a maudlin
state, the result of his love for strong
n< BuT'the Olympic Club did not take
into consideration when it matched
Jackson to fight Jeffries that it was
possibly taking a life in its hands
The directors must have looked at
the match from a pecuniary point of
view otherwise they, as supposed
judges of athletic form, would certain
ly have informed Jackson when he
asked for a fight that the club could
not risk Its reputation by matching a
big and powerful man iike Jeffries
against an opponent who had wrecked
by dissipation a constitution which had
been Beveral years ago physically
sound. .
But the match was made, and to
fool the public on the wretched condi
tion of Jackson a physician was en
gaged to visit the training quarters of
the pugilist and report to the club the
condition in which he found the men.
This is what the club's doctor said
after having made a "thorough" exam
ination of Jackson's anatomy; that was
two days before the colored pugilist
met an inglorious defeat:
By request of the Olympic Club, I
c.-illed on Mr. Jeffries at his train
ing quarters, the Reliance Club
building. Oakland, and found htm
in the pink of condition. I also
called upon Mr. Jackson, and found
him much improved since my first
examination, which was two weeks
ago. No two men could be more
unlike physically. Mr. Jeffries has
a wonderful muscular develop
ment; huge bundles of muscle
Ktand out prominently at every
movement of any portion of his
hody. Mr. Jackson's development
Is superb, especially of those mus
cles he requires the most. They do
not stand out too prominently,
however.
T consider the two men In the
best of condition. They will enter
the rintr fit to make the battle of
ttipir lives.
DR. CHARLES K. PARENT.
Ba> Butter street.
Dr. Parent, who was a spectator of
last night's cake walk, must have felt
rather sick at heart when he saw Jack
son'B feeble attempt at fighting.
As a judge of a man's physical condi
tion he is sadly wanting, considering
Jackson's performance.
The club can in a measure con
gratulate itself that Jeffries did not kill
Jackson by a punch in the stomach
when the last-named fighter was lean-
Ing helplessly against the ropes with his
hands hanging down by his side.
i took In the situation at a glance, and
! moving quickly from the center of the
; ring between the fighters he motioned
Jeffries to his corner, and while Jack
son still remained oblivious to the sur
roundings he awarded the contest to
Jeffries.
In a few words the fight can be told.
! Jackson's blows in the first round did
i not carry sufficient force to hurt a fly.
| and Jeffries smiled when Peter put his
| left glove on the nose. In the second
I round Delane". who was the white
man's adviser, ordered Jeffries to sail
In and finish the job quickly.
This Jeffries did, much to the sur-
I prise of many people, who- expected to
see him stay away from Peter, and the '■
result: was that he /floored Jackson
twice and whipped him in the third !
round. ■■-.-.■■■ ... •
, Now Jeffries is the champion of Eng- !
land and Australia, and must whip j
Fitzsimmons to become champion of !
the world.- ■ ■ ' ' ■ •• '. ■
The fight in detail is as follows: - '
Jeffries was the first to enter the ring
promptly at 9 o'clock", accompanied by
his seconds, Billy Delaney, "Spider"
Kelly and De Witt Van Court. He took
the northwest corner of the ring, near- j
est the dressing rooms, the same one
he occupied when he ■ fought Choynski.
Fighters are generally a little supersti
tious, and when a certain "corner" is j
lucky for' them they like to take the
position again.
Jeffries looked his weight — said to be
about. 210 pounds — when he threw his j
dressing robe. He was not greeted with !
any great measure ■of applause. . Far
different was the reception accorded
Jackson, who stepped through the ropes
five minutes later. The crowd yelled
Itself hoarse for "Peter the Great," why
• bowed ! to ; the , right and left as .he
walked across the • roped inclosure,
grinning from ear to ear, and took his
seat diagonally opposite Jeffries.
. Jackson ."was { seconded by " • "Young
Mitchell," Patsy Corrigan and Vincent ,
White. His weight was stated to be 195 i
pounds, and when stripped he appeared
well trained, but who could tell whether
or not his dusky. frame. was undermined
by the excesses of the past seven years?
.Jackson wore long white trunks and
a black belt. Jeffries had on blue
trunks with a- red and white belt.
Jackson ;. also had - two . large
kidney plasters on . the small of
his back, almost hidden except to those
close to the ringside, by his trunks and
belt. .■ ;.-;-\r ■.: • ••:. ■; ■.. -■■
The referee was James McDonald, the
famous baseball umpire, who j had been
selected by. representatives of the prin
cipals a week previous to the fight. 1
The men agreed between themselves
I -previous to entering the ring not to hit
j in the clinches, but that ; either, could hit
I in the breakaway from a clinch when
! both arms were free. Eleven minutes
I were spent by the men and their sec
! onds putting on the gloves and arrang
' ing other preliminary : details, and at
; eleven minutes past 9 the gong sounded
j for. the first round. . . . ■ ; »
■" ROUND I— Jeffries was' the! first to lead,
after half Ia : minute's lively fiddling and
"stepping around in the center of the ring.
' He fell short -.with: a straight - left,. Jack
i son jumping away. . There was. a notice
able difference in Jeffries' style from the
] time when ■he fought Choynski. Then
I he kept his guard well • up and • fought at
i the start almost entirely on the defensive.
! Last night he kept his guard' low. and
! his left . arm ■ well extended,, playing for
an opening. ■" -' '
Jackson Kept sticking out his long left,
I crowding Jeffries around the ring. Jef
fries led the 1 second tin\e, landing a light
left punch- in * Jackson's stomach. i> He I
j seemed' to be- playing •' for the body, en- i
tirely. • Both exchanged light counters on j
! the body, ending; in. a' clinch, from which :
j they broke away cleanly. ; Jeffries swung
I .his left hard for the head and missed.
Jackson landed his right- on the body ," left
I on the nose and ■ right on • the. body: again'
I quickly <■ after. t Jeffries swung -his ■ left i
j around Jackson's 'neck and they clinched. j
I Jeffries ran into : Jackson's extended left ;
I and Jackson jabbed him • quickly again
! with the same hand in the nose. Jeffries
1 landed a hard left in Jackson's stomach.
Both fighting fast and the I round f ends 4in
a clinch. Jeffries : seemed • considerably
winded at the ; end of the round. J! Jackson
- w^a •■cool aa4 ml breathing- heavily. ■
THE SA^ FRANCISCO GALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 23, 1898.
ROUND 2— Jackson came up confidently
and soon swung his loti, without effect,
and then tried hia right with the same
result. Jeffries- rushed in and they ex
changed lefts and rights on the head and
body. The blows affected Jackson, for
when he led with his left a second later
he nearly lost his balance, but Jeffries
wa.s too Plow to take advantage of the
opening afforded. Jeffries landed a hard
right on Jackson's face and swung his
left around Peter's neck. Jackson cleverly
ducked another left lead for the head.
Jeffries missed with his right, but landed
his left with a heavy swing on Jackson's
car. Both led the left simultaneously,
each landing square on the other's nose.
Jeffries rushed and Peter jumped away.
Fighting at close quarters, Jackson put
in twice the number of blows, but they
did not seem to have much effect on the
big Los Angeles lad. Jeffries rushed in
again and Jackson ducked away beauti
fully, showing some of his old-time
cleverness, repeating the trick a second
later. Jackson planted a hard jab on Jef
fries' face with his left. Jackson tries
another straight left and misses and Jef
fries hooked him hard on the jaw with
his right. Jackson fell backward on the
floor, trying to save himself with his out
stretched hands. He stayed down nine
seconds without hardly attempting to
rise, then got up and went down again for
nine seconds, when the gong sounded the
end of the round, and one of his seconds.
Young Mitchell, rushed over and helped
him up and assisted him to his corner.
ROT'XD 3— Every one was satisfied
then that It was all off with Jackson, but
nevertheless he came up gamely for th"c
third round. Jeffries rushed in, anxious
to finish his man. He landed a hard left
swing on the body and repeated the blow.
Jackson was unable to resist Jeffries'
terrific rushes and fought back feebly,
stumbling around the ring. Jeffries
rushed him to the ropes, landing left and
right swings on the head. Jackson almost
falling througrn the ropes, and leaning
feebly against a post, dropping both his
hands. Here was where Jeffries showed
the instincts of a gentleman, for instead
of rushing up in brute fashion as a Shar
key or a Green would have done, and
punishing the already defeated Peter
more, he humanely stepped away and let
him gradually sink against the post and
ropes for support. The referee, seeing
that Jackson was done for, raised his
hand to stop the light, and awarded It to
Jeffries, who walked to his corner and
then stepped out of the ring, cheered as
victors always are. Jackson was able
to stagger to his own corner with some
help, and a few minutes afterward
walked out of the ring unaided, a de
feated but not a dishonored champion.
Immediately after the fight Jeffries
signed a contract with Ed Homan to
give nightly sparring exhibitions at the
theater which he manages on Market
street.
Promptly at 8:30 o'clock the princi
pals in the ten-round preliminary
event entered the ring. They were
"Kid" Parker of Boston and Henry
Lewis (colored) of San Francisco. Phil
Wand was selected referee. The con
testants agreed not to hit in clinches,
but to protect themselves in the
breakaway.
This bout only lasted one round, on
account of the rank faking of Lewis,
who, after receiving a few light taps,
went to the floor twice, and was finally
counted out. The audience hooted at
the exhibition, and particularly the
cowardice of Lewis. Parker appeared
well trained and boxed in lively fash
ion, but he had little chance to show
his cleverness.
THE FIGHTERS SUED.
Jackson and Jeffries Served
With Summonses by Deputy
Sheriffs.
The Sheriff's office was out in full
force at the fight last evening to serve
summonses on both the fighters. One
suit was that of Joseph Accicisco, who
tried yesterday, through his attorney,
Alfred Clarke, to get an injunction from
the Superior Court to prevent the battle
taking place.
Accicisco claims that the contest was
in violation of the statutes prohibiting
prize-fighting, but failed to find any
Superior Judge who would stop the
contest. The summonses served by the
Deputy Sheriffs require Jackson and
Jeffries to appear in the Superior Court
within ten days to show cause why
they should not be punished for com
mitting a felony.
Two summonses were served by -the
Sheriff's deputies on Jeffries in suits
brought in the Justice Court. One was
instituted by G. W. McCord. who
claims that he nursed Jeffries while the
latter was sick with pneumonia several
months ago and that he received but
$10 out of $100 that was due him. He
claims a balance of J90..
President Newhall of the Olympic
admitted summons in this case, as well
as in one brought by J. J. Raver for a
small amount.
TICKET-HOLDERS BARRED.
Captain Gillen Refuses Admis
sion to Many Hundreds of
Disappointed Sports.
Many hundreds of disappointed sports
were unable to gain admittance to the
pavilion, although possessing tickets.
Before the first bout was on, the crowd
I filled the arena to overflowing. Fear
: ing that there might be a calamity if
i more entered, Gillen went outide and
informed the ring goers that there was
no further room to be had. He sug
gested that as long as the sports held
tle&ets of admission, and the club was
v responsible one, they would receive
their money back If presented to-day.
A long line up of reserved seat-hold
ers In the first three rows of the gal
lery waited vainly to get inside, but
those at the head of the line were hav
ing their hands full in trying to reco/v«r
seats usurped by those who only held
dollar seats.
Seeing that their chances of gaining
their rights would only end in trouble
Captain Gillen had the doors leading to
the balcony on the main floor thrown
open, and many saw the fight standing
up. The police handled the immense
throng admirably. The great struggle
to get inside as witnessed at the fight
between Sharkey and Choynski was
lacking, as ticket holders were formed
in line, and in an orderly manner en
tered the pavilion. A lage squad of po
lice in command of Captain Gillen and
Sergeant Campbell handled the im
mense gathering, and it is due to their
efforts that order prevailed.
JEFFRIES A COMING MAN.
He Is Now Anxious to Bind a
Match With the Hard-
Hitting Marine.
After the bout Jeffries was seen in
his dressing room. The only mark on
him that would have led any one to be
lieve he had taken a prominent part in
a fistic engagement was a slight cut
over the eye, which he sustained while
training and which was reopened in
the bout.
When interviewed after the fight the
j young giant modestly referred the re
! porter to his trainer and manager,
Billy Delaney. The latter wore a smile
! of contentment which broadened into a
■ huge grin when he was congratulated
I on his new champion's fine showing.
"Jeffries went into the ring weighing
i 216 .pounds," said Delaney, "much light
ier than he -has ever fought before.
; Despite the many stories of Jackson's
cleverness he was confident he would
i win.
'"^ln the first round he sparrtd with
his dusky antagonist to get a line on
I him, but when he saw that he was Just
i as clever he determined ,to make it a
i short fight.
"At the end of the first round I saw
j that Jackson could not hurt him, and
instructed Jeffries to go at him. Many
of Jackson's blows whizzed around Jef
! fries' head, which showed that he still"
1 had hitting power. Although he was
defeated by Jeffries it does not prove
that other men can defeat him. In my
in him. aCkS ° n by Stm a fe *' fights
«™ ™ r unTJ^ 1 f M Wl ;j| t Jr « k '°» "> the
up later than 12 30 d remaln
me- ah '.always wears was lack-
NEWSPAPER THIEVES.
a r fest e lnH d ° f !*° '*■ Offered for the
from the doors of subscribers.
t,_ Page A & ail * on Trial.
Jame. D PaL" wSo "- Dlstrl « Attorney
Taken Under Advisement.
Hoard of Harbor Commissioners were
It being the Intention of J. F. Kennedy suc
cessor to Morris & Kennedy, art dealers 21
Post street, to retire from business, he offers
his large stock Irrespective of cost. •
Brush Manufacturer Attached
W. C. Read of the firm of .Read & Zahn
brush manufacturers at 113 Davis street,
was attached yesterday on claims apere
gating $11,000. His partner, George VV
Zahn, is one of the complainants, claiming
that Read is indebted to him to the ex
tent of t $5200. Both Zah;i and Read re
fused to be seen last evening.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take ■ Laxative ■ Bromo :, Quinine • Tablets. 'All
• druggists refund • the -money. if ■it falls to cur*.
15c. -The genuine ha» I* 6. Q.-ou eajfc tablet.
PAVING
AS IT IS
JUGGLED
Contract Work on Oc
tavia Street Between
Ellis and Eddy.
Strip of Basalt Blocks and
Two Strips of Bitu
minous Rock.
Much Sand and Rock, but Less
Cement Than Specifica
tions Demand.
FIRE MARSHAL APPEARS.
Relative Quantity of Materials Used
so Far as the Work Has Pro
gressed.
Contractors of the old school and
solicitors of the new were uneasy yes
terday. The rumor was in circulation
that the Grand Jury was hot on the
trail of an enterprising "solicitor" who
had forged the name of a property
owner on a petition for street work.
Forgery of the name -vas not all. It
was said that the figures of frontage
had been expanded on a bona-flde pe
tition. It is well known that the com
petition between "solicitors" is keen,
and therefore it was surmised that
some irrepressible genius, bent on se
curing the required number of "front
feet" and finding actual owners reluc
tant to sign a petition, had supplied
the deficiency by imagination.
Meanwhile the Street Department
continues to do business at the old
stand according to the old methods in
herited by Ambrose from a long line of
inefficient predecessors. Property
owners in the Western Addition who
read The Call may get an object lesson
in street paving by strolling down to
the block on Octavia street between
ElHs and Eddy streets. It is not al
leged that there is jobbery or rascality
in the work there progressing, but there
is a deficiency in cement -which may
have escaped the knowledge of the con
tractor.
There is a little history connected
With the paving of this particular block
on Octavia street. The material origin
ally proposed was bituminous rock.
Property-owners wanted that kind of
street paving material and expressed
their desires in a petition for the im
provement. About the time the work
was to begin the Fire Marshal appear
ed on the scene wit'i an alacrity sur
prising for a fireman, and he pointed
out the danger of a smooth pavement
on a street with such a grade. He
wanted basalt rock and the property
owners wanted bitumen. The con
tractor was obviously willing to have
both, for a compromise was arranged
whereby fourteen feet in the center of
I the roadway was to be paved with ba
salt blocks and a strip twelve feet wide
i on either side was to be paved with
bituminous rock. The work went for
ward in this variegated style.
The Call's basalt sharp has not made
an inspection of the premises, but the
expert in bituminous rock pavement
has made .a few observations which the
interested property-owners who pay for
the work may verify if they care to em
ploy some of their energies for their
own preservation. .
Under the specifications for this work
there should be used materials in this
proportion: One cubic yard (eight bar
rels) of cement, two yards of sand and
seven yards of rock. The sand and ce
ment should fill the interstices without
I increasing the bulk of the material.
! There should be one and one-seventh
I barrels of cement for each cubic yard
lof rock. In the allotted area of work
in this street there are 7230 square feet,
or 3615 cubic feet. According to the
specifications there should be used 150
barrels of cement on the job. The con
tractor has laid 4215 square feet, or 2107
cubic feet. Eighty-eight barrels of ce
ment have been taken to the premises
and eighty-seven should have been
used in the work so far performed, but
it seems, according to external and in
ternal observation, that only forty
three barrels of cement have been ap
plied to the Xvork already done.
The property owners who will be
called upon to pay for the work are
not asked to accept The Call's figures
as accurate to the smallest detail, but
if doubt exists as to the accuracy of
the statement in the main, let them go
and ask Mr. Curry, the inspector on
the work, how he measures the work
and how he calculates the quantity of
cement used. The inspector under
stands how to measure cement and
how to construe specifications. He had
experience under Superintendent Ash
worth, and probably learned something
from Ashworth's predecessors, and so
brought to the present superintendent
a fund of knowledge from away back.
Scenes of activity are presented on
the work. The contracting firm— the
Union Paving and Contract Company
employs fifteen men at $2 per day, one
foreman at $2.50, six teams hauling
rock and sand at $4 a day each. When
all work a half day the pay roll
amounts to $30 a day. This is outgo on
the job. Profits come in when forty
four barrels of cement, worth $2 65 a
barrel, are saved.
These little, incidents of street work
may not be of overwhelming impor
tance to the public generally, but
property owners on the block in ques
tion may find sermons In the basalt
stones and books in barrels of cement.
Two Defaulting Jurors.
T'nitfd States Circuit Judge Morrow
yesterday ordered a citation issued to
Charles H. Abbott and Edward L. Cut
ten, defaulting trial jurors, who failed to
appear when their names were called.
They will be reoulred to sl'nw cause why
they should not be punished for contempt.
On the Secret File.
The Fnited .States Grand Jury presented
an indictment yesterday afternoon to
United States District Judge de Haven.
It was placed on the secret file.
Searching for the Robbers.
Mrs. Anderson"; wife of the Montana
cattle king, who has had . some queer ■ ad
ventures since her visit to the" city, yes
terday swore to complaints in Judge Joa
chimsen's * court ; charging Frank Hall
alias Hartman. and ."Richard Roe" with
robbery. She accuses i them of robbing
her in Golden Gate Park: last Thursday.
; : SMITHS'. v CASH - STORE, -27 -i Market
street, seIIs ; ••STANZA RD"; shirts. '- ; •
• ■•-••• ' ■• : --':...". ' . ■-.■ . ♦'"..-.' ___ >■'*'■ : : > '•:''■ i
Mourning at Marysville.
MARYSVILLE, March 22— S. L. Frost,
a prominent furniture dealer, died sud
denly at his home in this city at a late
hour last night as the result of a double
stroke of apoplexy. He was a prominent
member of the M. E. Church, a Mason
and a Chosen Friend. He was born in
Michigan sixty-one years ago. A widow
and- daughter survive him.
— — —
S ADVERTISEMENTS. . __^__j^-^U^
SPECIAL
ANNOUNCEMENT !
Our Importations for Spring, 1898,
are now all ready for inspection. This
season we offer a most magnificent;
assortment of High Novelties in all
Departments.
111, 113. 115, 117. 119, 121 - POST STREET. * ;
IRENE LYNCH
NOT FOUND
She Is Rumored to Be
in the City in
Hiding.
Touts and Pool Boys Said to
Be Her Correspond
ents.
"Lucky" Baldwin Is Supposed to Be
Recruiting at His Southern
Ranch.
In spite of the fact that detectives,
and parties interested have been
searching for missing Irene Lynch for
several days, the police reported last
night that nothing concerning her
whereabouts had been discovered.
There was a general belief among
race track habitues last night that the
girl had returned to the city and was
in hiding In a Stockton street lodging
house. It was reported that Gus Ros
land, a well-known pool boy, knew of
her whereabouts and had been seen
with her.
Rosland's mother was seen last night
and she said her son had came and got
his overcoat and stated that he would
be gone for a few days. He could not
be found thereafter.
A well known race track man said
last night: "I saw a letter* from Irene
Lynch to-night. It was dated yester
day and purported to have been writ
ten at Los .\.ngeles, though It was
postmarked in this city. In the letter
she gave her love to: Lew, the jockey.
"I saw at once that there was decep
tion about the letter, the postmark be
ing in this city, and I feel sure that the
girl is being hidden in this city by per
sons who are interested in keeping her
whereabouts a secret. I cannot say
who is paying people to hide the girl,
but I feel sure she is at present being
hidden here by persons interested in
hiding her from the public.
"Whether men whose names have
been mentioned have anything to do
with the case or not I do not know."
At the Baldwin Hotel it was denied
that E. J. Baldwin had returned from
Los Angeles.
SOLDIERS FOR
TEMPERANCE
Rally and Essay Contest of
Company M, League of
the Cross Cadets.
. A i splendid showing was made by the
members of j Company M, League of .the
Cross Cadets, at their grand rally and es
; say t contest jj held H in : Washington 3 S<J ua ™
Hall last night. Alter a good programme.
of vocal and instrumental music th«
event of the evening— the essay contest
was called.
The competitors were two In number,
James McCarron, who has already won
laurels in similar contests, and Harry
Hunt. The subject was. well in keeping/fl
with the high and lofty alms of this band"* [
of: young men— "Temperance, the Founda
tion of True Manhood." McCarron spoke
first, and every sentence gave abundant
evidence of thoughtful consideration of
his subject, but he was destined to meet
defeat at the hands of his competitor
The winning essay was, In part, as fol
lows: -Temperance will do away with
penitent and jails, It will elevate the
moral plane, it will reduce the numbers
of our hospitals and it will almost totally
do away with our insane asylums. This
is what temperance will do
"For what do we sacrifice all these good
results? Why do we turn this paradise
into the hideous hell which can be seen
on earth? What attraction is there that
makes us change this stepping-stone to
he J££? into a ' school of hefli-drink tO
This form of vice and degradation
stalks pur streets in noonday In Timm and
broadcloth; we cringe before it and feel
highly honored when permitted to appeal
in its august presence; it rides upon the
wave ; of popular favor and is regarded
as the mighty bulwark of our civilisation^
it ruins our children. it spoils our men It
makes mothers, sisters and daughters out
laws; wives and mothers know it as the
vice ) that puts the cup to the Up and
esfin fi?e ay *" that * S dearest and sweet
"From "all ranks in society, from the
palace and hovel, coming in long pro
of S th°£ S 't, We -M ehold the Wangled vicSS
of this terrible curse, and stopping be
fore the world's gaze with hopes blilh ted,
b?ine ha h^nH c / i Ost> they Point with trem
bling ■ hands . back to the pall-covered
wastes of their lives and cry out in soul
harrowing concert. 'We have drunk of
the inebriating cup, we have touched thl
accursed thing and we are lost. lost, lost!*
™ « » U3 n he 2 resolve that we will op- t
The -judges were Miss Casey, principal <L
of Lafayette School; Miss Barbour of Irv- W
Ing School, and Sergeant McKinley of
Company. A. The winner of this con
test will ■" be entitled to compete in the
district contest, the winner of which will,
In turn, be entitled to compete at the con- '
test for the diamond medal at the annual
rally. -■ ; ■-■■ ■:■ ■ ,>,.-, . .-.:.•„ ,. ,. : , ,, • ,
PARRICIDE FLANNELLY
TAKEN TO SAN QUENTIN.
SAN JOSE. March 23.— Thomas TV. Fian
nelly, who murdered his father at Red
wood City on October 26 last, and also
inflicted fatal Injuries upon Sheriff Mc-
Evoy was taken to San Quentin Prison
this morning by Deputy Sheriff Tennant.
The deputy was joined at Redwood City
by Sheriff Mansfield. Flannelly's execu
tion has been set for May 27. The parri
cide was surprised this morning when
told to get ready for the trip He said
good-by to those about the jail, and ex
pressed the opinion that he would get a
new trial and be back again.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
THE ONLY GWNUINE HUNYADI WATER
BunyadiJanos
BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER,
.tfOK
CONSTIPATION,
•V DYSPEPSIA.
LIVER COMPLAINTS A*
. , & HEMORRHOIDS,
"The prototype of all Bitter Wat:rs." Lancet. '
"Speedy, sure, gentle." British Medical Journal
CAUTION: See that the label bean the signa-
ture of the firm, ".
■ r -"S-?'- ~-;'*.\-.'-r Andreas Saxlchner,