VOLUME LXXXIV.— NO 99.
BRIDGE SPAN
COLLAPSES WITH
SCORES OF MEN
Eighty Laborers Hurled Into the
Swift Current of the
St Lawrence.
Less Than Half of the Unfortunates Reach
the Shore, and Few of These Sur
v vive Their Injuries.
HOGANSBTTRQ, N. V., Sept. 6. — At about noon to-day two south
■pans of the International bridge of the New York and Ottawa Rail
way, now under course of construction across the St. Lawrence River
three miles above the St. Regis Indian village, fell without warning.
Eighty men at work on the bridge were thrown into the river sixty
feet below. Over thirty were picked up ana taken to Cornwall Hos
pital, and twenty-seven are now missing.
The bridge consisted of three spans,
of which two were completed. The
third was nearly completed when the
couth pier gave way at its foundation,
causing both spans to fall into sixty
feet of water, taking its load of human
freight witu it.
Following Is a list of the dead and
seriously wounded as known at «•»'-*
pight:
The killed:
W. J. Curry, Paterson, N. J.
W. J. Jackson, Columbus, O.
Louis Baumer, Johnstown, Pa.
R. L. Dypart, Tyrone, Pa
J. D. Craig, Detroit.
Pat Murphy, Toronto.
Thomas Birmingham.
Dan Hughes, Cleveland.
Frank Levigne, Ogdensburg, N. T.
W. Sherman, Cornwall, Ont.
TV. Saunders, Baltimore.
John Clause, Caughnawaga, N. T.
H. Davis, Pittsburg.
Cyril Campbell, Cornwall, Ont.
The seriously wo-unded:
John Wilson, Maiden, Mass., leg
broken.
frge b.jxo... Peekinsvilie, Vt., leg
fractured.
Mitchell Reeves, Cornwall.
Andrew Smith, Rochester, N T.
W. Thompson, Montreal, leg broken.
John Fraser, Quebec, leg cut off.
D. Barton, Buffalo, legs crushed.
The scene of the accident Is
about four miles from Hogansburg,
above the St. Regis Indian reservation.
Thp bridge that gave way was built
across the St. Lawrence River at the
foot of Long Sault Rapids. The water
at this point is known to be as swift
as in any part of the river. The im
mediate cause of the disaster and the
giving way of the span of the bridce
seems to have been the washing away
of one of the large piers.
The pier in question was begun last
fall and work was continued and finish
ed this summer. The contract work
was in charge of Messrs. Sooy Smith
& Co.. well known bridge builders. The
pier had been accepted as perfectly re
liable and safe. It would seem that the
BwiftneßS of the current was underes
timated.
FEATS OF VALOR
BEFORE KHARTOUM
'Bravery of Correspond-
ent Howard.
LED THE WAY INTO THE CITY
ATTACKED AND SLAIN IN A
NARROW ALLEY.
Lobs of the Khalifa's Dauntless Fol
lowers Estimated at Upward
of Fifteen Thousand
Men.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Sept. 7.— A special dis
patch from Omdurman says:
Hubart Howard, the correspondent
of the Times, met death owing to his
eagerness to get the first news of the
fate of Karl Neufeldt and the other
European prisoners of the Khalifa. He
pressed his way Into the city before it
was safe to do so, and was going all
alone along a narrow alley leading to
the prison when he was attacked and
killed.
The first display of heroism on the
Dervish side was made by the Khali
fa's brother, Yantub, with his adher
ents, who, utterly regardless of our
terriffic fire, made a superb attempt to
retrieve the day's fortune. Far from
asking quarter, they simply hugged
death. Yantub died In the presence of
his old enemy, Slatin Pasha.
The war correspondent of the Daily
Telegraph at Omdurman says:
"After the entry of the troop* into
the Dervish capital it was found neces
sary to further bombard the .Khalifas
house. General Kitchener and his
staff were standing ia the vicinity and
narrowly escaped being killed by the
shells.
"I estimate the enemy's killed at
more than 15,000."
The San Francisco Call
Late reports from Cornwall hospital
say thirty-three men have been taken
out of the river and transferred to the
hospital. Eighteen of them have since
died. The latest information makes it
probable that the death list will reach
thirty.
As far as can be learned, eighty
seven men were on the payroll, of
whom eighty-two reported for work
this morning. Of this list only thirty
eight have actually been accounted for.
CORNWALL, Ont., Sept. 6.— An eye
witness of the fall of the New York and
Ottawa Railroad bridge says he was
sitting on the bank of the river watch
ing the workmen when there ceme a
fearful crash. Two spans of the bridge
collapsed and the immense mass of
timber and iron dropped. Then he saw
corpses come to the surface and the
work of rescue began. This was hope
lessly Inadequate there being only a
few boats in the vicinity and very few
men who would undertake to swim out
into the turbulent waters. Many work
men Mho might have been saved were
drowned before help could reach them.
Mangled bo :\es came to the surface for
a moment and then passed out of sight.
Even those Mho were got to land alive
were in such a condition that many
died on the way to the hospital. Some
had their backs broken; others both
legs, while others were crushed by the
heavy irons.
Among those who are missing are
Foreman Thomas F. Brady, Cyril
Campbell, William Jackson and W.
Cubby.
About five of the men employed cm
the span were Americans, who came
here to work for the Phoenix Bridge
Company. The remainder were mostly
Indians, who acted as assistants.
Every man on the division went down
with the wreck. Many of those who
escaped climbed up the ironwork
which still rest* d on piers at either
end.
The scene around the Hotel Dieu,
where the wounded and dying were
taken, is heartrending. The wives and
relatives of missing men are anxiously
inquiring after their loved ones.
SAN JOSE MUST
CUT EXPENSES
Bombshell Fails Among
City Officials.
COUNCIL FIXES A TAX RATE
WILL BABELY RUN MUNICIPAL
MACHINERY.
Rigid Economy Found to Be the
Only Safeguard Against Bank
ruptcy — A Heavy Blow
at Sinecures.
Sp*clal Dispatch to The Coll.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 6.— Retrenchment
will be necessary in all city depart
ments during the coming year to pre
vent the municipality from plunging
headlong into debt. This new mode of
doing things in San Jose was brought
about this afternoon by the City Coun
cil fixing the tax rate for the fiscal
year at $1 2jßVfc- It strikes a heavy blow
to extravagant officials and will result
in purging many offices of useless depu
ties.
Twenty-eight and a half cents of the
levy is for bonded Indebtedness, leav
ing $1 to pay the running expenses of
the city. The rate Is levied c-n b valu
ation of $16,000,000— some $2,000,000 lower
than last year. This gives the city
$30,000 less than last year, and it will
require the utmost economy to get
along on the allowances made for the
various funds. The rate last year was
$1 25, but lower valuatic-n and increased
expenses this year make a material
difference.
The School Department will have to
cut off some of the sinecures on Its pay
roll in order to get along on the appor
tionment. The School Board asked for
a levy of 9 cents for the high school
fund and were given 5%. At a meet-
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, IS9B.
MUSSULMANS BATTLE
WITH BRITISH TROOPS
ON CANDIA'S STREETS
Bloody Fj9btio9F j 9btio9 F°" ows a R isi 09 °f OttomaQS on
the Island of Crete, ar)d an Eoglish Warship
Hurls Shells Into the Towq.
CANDTA, Island of Crete, Sept. 6. — Candia is In a state of anarchy. A collslon . between the Mussulmans,
who were demonstrating against European control, and the British authorities," who have been installing Chris
tians, as revenue officials, culminated to-day in bloody fighting between the Mussulmans and the British troops. Riots \
took place In various parts of the city and many have been killed. „-''/*,»,, --- 1. J- ' ,- ;
When the outbreak was fiercest a warship stationed in the harbor began firing shells, with the result that a
portion of the city is in flames. , The greatest confusion and uproar '. prevails and it is - feared that the night, will
not pass without further pillage and destruction. ' .-. ' '■ * . ~< ,<j _., p ,
• The trouble began with the attempt of the British military authorities to install Christian officials. They had
appointed a council of internal: control to administer the tithe revenues, and a detachment of soldiers was .sta
tioned outside the. office as a precaution. . W^ '- ''■ , _" ; . t
A crowd of unarmed Mussulmans, who had been demonstrating against the Christians, attempted to force an
entrance into the office. m ■ / r^!<-
The British soldiers fired and wounded several. The Mussulmans ran for. their arms, and, returning, attacked
the soldiers. . 'J' " *> . -~ ;;./
Other Mussulmans spread rapidly through the Christian quarters shooting into windows and setting many
houses and shops on fire. . I- . .
It is reported that the British Consul has been killed.
F"OUR WARSHIPS START FOR. CRETE.
CANEA, Sept. 6 (via Paris).— warships have started for Candia, where, it is reported, three English per
sons have been killed and four wounded, and six Mussulmans killed. .  ...--• -
Special precautions are being taken here, and at Retimo troops are being held in readiness.
The fighting has ceased at Candia, but the troubles continue. . ..
MUSSULMAN RISING WAS UNEXPECTED.
LONDON, Sept. 6. — Advices from Canea were received this morning from a correspondent there, who alsc
telegraphed that he feared for his colleague at Candia, as he was unable, to communicate with him. The fact that
no dispatches were received from Candia after the bombardment began seems to indicate that the situation there
is serious. -^j:S^:-y
It has been known -that* the Mussulmans were discontented at the joint rule of the powers in Crete. This
was largely due to\the fact that they were confined in the towns, while the Christians were allowed the liberty
of the island. But tne rising of the Mussulmans was unexpected. -
The Cretan fleet \s under command of the French Admiral, Pottier, as the senior officer, and consists of Brit
ish, French, Russian, Italian and Austrian ships, Germany having recently withdrawn from participation in the
joint control or government of Crete. The troops of the powers are divided among the different towns, the British
garrisoning Candia, The Mussulmans' complaint, made recently, resented that the Christians should be permitted
to enter the towns, unless the Mussulmans were allowed the freedom ;of the country, and they further
declared that the representatives of the powers had not fulfilled the latter part of the bargain, and that while they
were confined to the towns the ' Christians pillaged their property, in the country.
The British Consul at Canea has started for Candia on board the British battleship Camperdown.
TURKS SET FIRE TO THE TOU/IV.
CANEA, Sept. 6.— The Turks set fire to the whole town of Candia.
." ;■•,- The only warship there at the time of the-outbreak was the British gunboat Hazard, which landed a party of
marines to assist the 130 British troops there. '
• ■ • • - • ■ ■ «. . ._.'. , ■■-•..
Ing of trustees to-night the matter was i
discussed and the members declared
that the levy would not pay half the ex
penses of the high school. To begin
the year there is a deficiency of $6000
in the School Department. The position
of "Supervisor of Kindergartens," re
cently created for Miss Belle Macken
zie, and several other snaps in the de
partment must i>* dropped.
The Fire and Police Departments will
also have to be run differently, as there
will be between $3000 and $4000 less for
each of these departments.
Mayor Martin stated thie evening
that he and the Council had been doing
some figuring and concluded that the
city could be run on this levy. The
various- departments would have to cut
down expenses, which could be done.
The sooner the city got down to con
ducting its business on business princi
ples the better. He thought none of
the departments would be seriously
cures.
TURFMAN MISSING
FROM SACRAMENTO
Rienzi Hughes of San Francisco Dis
appears Under Mysterious
Circumstances.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 6. - Rienzi
Hughes, the veteran turfman of San
Francisco, who brought a string of five
horses to the State Fair, has been missing
since 9 o'clock Monday evening. At the
t°HT ""• med he parted from his trainer
it ti,. t'"'i, at ,lT arranging to meet him
at the track this morning. He has not
been seen or heard of since Mr Dyer
has communicated with the family' of the
missing man at San Francisco, but he }\ad
pot arrived in that city. Mode/ia, one" of
the string of racers, won first money in a
race to-day. Mr. Hughes is 60 years old
SWARMS OF DELEGATES
GATHERING AT RENO
Democrats and Silver Men Discuss
ing Fusion — Nominations That
Are Probable.
RENO, Nev., Sept 6.-Democratic State
delegates and Silver party delegates, to
gether with a goodly number of candi
dates are now on the convention
grounds, with more coming by eveVy
train. Those who are Democratic candi
Mrs. Cordelia Botkin Faces the Judge and Com
mences the Fight for Her Life.
dates seem to favor fusion with the Silver
party, but the_ rank and file of the party
favor going: it alone. '... . ; . ,
In case -of fusion, the following nomina
tions will likely be made:
o Congressman, x • Francis G: * Newlands,
Silver; ; Governor, ,v R. - Sadler,- - Silver;
Lieutenant - Governor, Lem 3 Allen, •' Sil
ver; Supreme i Judge, C. H. Belnap, Sil
ver; Controller. G. 11. fjlumphrey, IX>m-
c 'f, : " a i,\ ypcr etarv of Su te. ]' ugene How
ell, Surveyor General, -K. Kel-
Silver; Superintendent of Schools,
E-: E."V\ lnfrey.- Silver; Attorney General,
J. D. ' Jones. ! Silver; .t? State ■ Printer, A.
Mante,, Silver; . Treasurer, D. K. Ryan
Silver; with W. J. Westerfleld,' candidate
for Treasurer, making , a , strong fight. It
I is only conjectured as yet, but from the
I way the wind is blowing • the above
I pretty clearly outlines the situation. '
ILLINOIS MINING TOWN
UNDER MARTIAL LAW
Trouble Follows the Replacing of
White Laborers With ivegroes
at Fana.
PANA, 111., Sept. 6.— At 3 o'clock this
afternoon the city was placed under mar
tial law. owing- to the threatened trouble
at the mines, where negroes have replaced
white miners. Quiet prevails to-night
SSAR ADMIRAL SCHLEY
ARRIVES AT SAN JUAN
Transport Seneca Enters the Harbor
With Members of the Porto
Rico Commission.
SAN JUAN DE PORTO RICO. Sept.
6.— The United States transport Seneca,
carrying Rear Admiral W. S. Schley
and Brigadier General Gordon of the
Porto Rico military commission, ar
rived off the harbor last night, but did
not enter until this morning..
ATTRACTIONS AT THE
STATE'S BIG SHOW
Union Iron Works' Ship Models a
Drawing Card in the i'air
Pavilion.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 6.-A large crowd
attended the fair to-night. There were a
number of special attractions which were
well received by the spectators.
The center of attraction among the ex
hibits wore two models of ships built by
the Union Iron Works of San Francisco.
I One of the models which held the most
! attention was that of the steamship Peru
the other was that of the United States
cruiser San Francisco. Not a rope nor a
pulley is missing on the cruiser.
The art gallery was thrown open to-night
One of the most noticeable features is the
display of pen and ink sketches. C. Wei
sel, the Sacramento artist, has the largest
i display. Among his sketches is one which
is particularly noticeable. It is entitled
"Yellow Fever," and depicts a draped
skeleton holding a sick soldier by the
wrist and throwing its drapery around
him.
Other clever sketches by Weisel are por
! traits of old men, made from models in
j San Francisco, where the young artist
has been studying; a "Scene in Corbett's
pool-rooms;" a medley of character
sketches entitled "Summer Breezes "
some Spai.ish caricatures and a picture of
the artist himself, surrounded by a num
| ber of comical character sketches.
Another artist whose pen and ink
sketches are greatly admired is Miss Alice
Best of San Francisco. She has a num
ber of clever pictures on exhibition.
The poultry exhibit is attracting con
siderable attention. It is one of Vhe main
features of the fair.
The musical programme is up to the
usual standard and is received with con
siderable applause. The vaudeville per
formance has made a great hit and will
be repeated to-morrow evening.
Yon der Ahe Pays Baldwin.
PITTSBURG, Sept. 6.-The suit of
Pitcher Baldwin apainst Chris yon der
Ahe of the St. Louis Browns was termi
nated to-day when Yon der Ahe's law
yer paid Baldwin the amount of the judg
ment, about $3000, and costs amounting
to over $1200.
TRACKING
A MODERN
BORGIA
Mrs. Dunning and Mrs. Deane
Were Murdered With Pow
dered Arsenjo.
Mrs. Botkin Was in the City of Paris the
Afternoon the Handkerchief
Was Bought,
Another delay has become imperative
in the proceedings that will be under
taken to send Mrs. Cordelia Botkin to
Delaware to be tried for her life. In
that delay there is for the accused
woman an omen of greatest evil. The
coil of incriminating circumstances is
growing tighter around her and the
authorities will wai£ now for new tes
timony of guilt from across the conti
nent. At the request of the local po
lice three affidavits were made yester
day at Dover. The only purpose of
these documents is to prove that the
poison used by the assassin was pow
dered and not crystallized arsenic. The
proof on this point is conclusive. The
deadly drug that swept Mrs. Dunning
and Mrs. Deane out of existence was
the same in character as that which
Mrs. Cordelia Botkin frankly admits
she bought at the Owl drug store on
June 1.
At first it was reported that crystals
of arsenic had been used by the modern
Borgia, but the report and testimony of
the State Chemist of Delaware sets all
doubt at rest. This official is emphatic
in his assertion that adulterated pow
dered arsenic was the terrible agent of
POWDERED ARSENIC THE AGENT OF DEATH.
Delaware Officers prepare New and Important Affdavits
Against Mrs. Botkin.
WILMINGTON, Sept. 6. — In response to the requests of the
San Francisco authorities Deputy Attorney General Cooper sent to
California to-night three affidavits to be used by the prosecution
against Mrs. Cordelia Botkin. Mr. Cooper refused absolutely to
tell the contents of the f-ftidavits, but it was ascertained from an
other source the nature of the documents. Two of the affidavits
were made by Doctors Bishop and Downs, who attended Mrs. Dun
ning and Mrs. Deane. Their affidavits set forth in detail the
symptoms of arsenic poison as shown by the two women after they,
were taken ill. These affidavits were merely to strengthen the
proof that arsenic killed Mrs. Dunning and Mrs. Deane.
The third and most important affidavit was made by Coroner
Wills. Its purpose was to prove the accuracy of the testimony
taken at the inquest, particularly the evidence given by State
Chemist Theodore B. Wolfe, who made an analysis of three pieces
of candy sent to Mrs. Dunning. The testimony of Dr. Wolfe showed
that the arsenic found in the chocolates he examined was powdered
arsenic, similar to that Mrs. Botkin admits she pitrchased. Tho
poison was worked in through the cream of the chocolates and was
in a powdered form. Dr. Wolfe found in one of the three pieces
he examined a lump of arsenic the size of a pea, but such lumps are
common to the ordinary powdered arsenic. The fact that in only
one or two of the chocolates were found lumps, while in all the
other analyses they showed powdered arsenic, proves that crys
tallized arsenic could not have been used. Dr. Wolfe has positive
proof on this point and it will be sent to San Francisco immedi
ately.
death. : An affidavit embodying this offi-;
cial decision \ was made yesterday, and
will be mailed to this city at once. The
prosecutors of Mrs. Botkin will take no
step < until the ; document ■ arrives. vlt is
far too important to be neglected in
the presentation - of the case prepared
by the State. . •■--,"
■ It places Mrs. Botkin far deeper in
the shadow of guilt than she seemed to
be twenty-four hours ago, and it marks
another step in ■ the \ * terrible journey
that the accused wonian is traveling at
the command *; of the police of . this : clty
and the authorities of Delaware. ;,
■ Another - discovery hardly less dramatic
than this ; report ? of ; the ; State Analyst
■of ; Delaware s was also made yesterday.
Inch\ by /; inch \ the detective \ have \ been
dragging Mrs. ; Botkin ,to the ; scenes of
the poisoner's t dreadful ii preparations.
The first was traced .' to the % Owl'drupr
store, ; where she bought two ■ ounces ;of
powdered arsenic, similar in every ; re
spect to that which killed the two un
fortunate, women kof : Dover. Then a
long ; period ', elapses "■. before ;; the ; \ deadly
r reparations : of ; murder actually/ begin.
: Mrs. Botkin > had ■ consorted .with 7 Dun
ning for a long time. She had been with 5
, him ' in ; an } associationVllscreditable ■■ to
both. - She was deeply mfacuated with
him,' and learned ' after • his ; : departure
from this i city that he I Intended sto ;. re
turn •; to his wife and child ■■: .When-that
information :" came * to ; the woman s :•; no
one " knows but ■. Dunning J and " herself, '
and ' neither has spoken: The words of
repudiation ■ were sent, however, before
3i11y,31..': ■•■ ; "- ■f . -■•. I ;''--' v \ r -'V.>
; TTwo - months after . Mrs. . Botkin
bought the- arsenic she was ill, melan
choly, almost delirious. She seemed
tired of life and asked \ with • far - more
than casual interest the effect of ar
senic as a poison particularly infring
ing death. What thoughts were in the
woman's ' mind the. police are quick 1 to \
suspect. f That $is ?' their :% business ': and '
part of the theory of their case. i. What- ;
ever may have been the brooding of
Mrs. Botki n ; she returned ) from Stock
ton to this city on July 31. On the
afternoon 4 ; of that day a woman" ? ans
wering her * description (bought >' at the
establishment "' of ;' George 3 Haas a ? box
•of candy, In j every respect v sfmilar >to
that which was sent to the poisoner's
victims Vi.;; at ■■'; Dover. But i Mrs. Botkin
; says I she ; was confined to her I apart
ments at the Victoria on July 31. * She
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
may need witnesses to prove her as
sertion so overwhelming is the testi
mony being massed against her.
She does admit, however, that on th«
| afternoon of August 3 she left hei
rooms and called upon a friend living
on Bush street. • Thus far the polic«
have not been able to trace her abso
j lutely to the scenes of the murderess'
I plans and preparations. She only looks
like the woman who bought candy at
George Haas' store and nothing more.
Such an identification as that is a weah
foundation upon which to erect a gal
lows. But the pelice can go further,
They made a tremendous leap in ad
vance yesterday when they discovered
! that on the afternoon of August 3 Mrs,
! Botkin was actually in the City oi
i Paris. It was at that very time, th«
police say at that very moment, that
a handkerchief identical with that sent
in the box of poisoned candy was
bought. The saleswoman's tag is ther«
| as proof.
There is absolutely no doubt that
Mrs. Botkin was In the dry goods house
lat that time. One of the cashiers, who
| knew her as a friend, cashed a money
| order from Stockton for her. But no
I one will say that she bought the hand
| kerchief. At that point the trail is lost
j in the maze of forms and faces that
I appear before the clerks in the confu
sion of a daily, bustling routine. But
the circumstantial evidence, perhaps no
more than an immaterial coincidence,
is an ominous one for Mrs. Botkin.
These new facts have been received
by the defectives with congratulation.
The accused woman appeared before
Judge Cook yesterday, but the proceed
ings on habeas corpus were continued
for a week. The incident was signifi
cant, as it gave the witnesses against
Mrs. Botkin an opportunity to test
their ability to identify her.
MRS. BOTKIN WAS AT
THE CITY OF PARIS
On the Day Before the Fatal Candy
Was Mailed She Cashed a Post
office Order There.
Chief of Police Lees and Acting: Dis
trict Attorney Hosmer devoted all of yes
terday to preparing additional affidavits
in the Botkin case. Neither official could
state when the Delaware requisition
would be presented to Governor Budd.
As the request for the extradition of Mrs.
Botkin has not been officially presented
to the Governor, he has not indicated
whether the hearing will be held here
or in Sacramento. It is the expressed
wish of all concerned In the case that
the Governor will find it convenient to
conduct the proceedings here.
The presentation of the case against
the accused woman will consume two or
three days, perhaps longer. The affida
vits of fifteen or twenty witnesses will
accompany the request of the State of
Delaware. Considerable oral testimony
will also be presented by the prosecu
tion. Arguments will then follow, which
are expected to be of great length and in
tense interest, as the case is without a
parallel in the history of American Juris
prudence.
Mrs. Botkin's attorneys have signified
their willingness to give the prosecution
all the time they ask for before beginning
the legal contest which means so much
to the woman now in jail.
Mr. Hosmer stated last night that the
preparation of the case against the de
fendant would consume the remainder of
the week. Three additional affidavits
were forwarded from Delaware last even
ing and as they arc not due here until
Sunday, the extradition proceedings can
not open before Monday or Tuesday next.
Continued on Firth Page.2
NAVY'S PRIDE TO
RETURN TO THE
PACIFIC COAST
Battleship Oregor) to Agair) f^ound
th)e Horn, ar>d With Her Will
Come the lowa.
It now appears certain that, as a result of recent developments
in the international situation or because of a desire of the adminis
tration to be prepared for emergencies, the battle-ships Oregon and
lowa will leave within the next ten days for the Pacific Coast. These
vessels are being put in the best possible shape at the Brooklyn
Navy Yard.
Reports in circulation indicate that the vessels have been ordered
to Manila, but it is believed these vessels will be attached to the
Pacific station. There they will be in such position that they will
be able to defend the Pacific Coast in case of attack by a foreign
power or hasten to- the Philippines to give support to Rear Admiral
Dewey.
The battle-ships could easily make eleven knots an hour in mak
ing the run from New York to the Pacific Coast and it is believed
they could reach their destination in fifty-five days.
Should they start within the next ten days they will reach their
destination early in November, before the peace commission con
cludes its labors. Of course during practically all of October they
would be on the Pacific and could make a dash for the Philippines
from any point along the Southern or Central American coasts
should the department determine that it were wise to send them.
Commander H. B. Bradford, chief of the Bureau of Equipment,
who has charge of matters relating to supplying coal for naval
ships, has collected a number of colliers at Hampton Roads, which
carry about 17,000 tons of coal. Not all of these will be sent, but a
sufficient number will accompany the vessels to insure a plentiful sup
ply of fuel. The colliers are sent because the neutrality obligations
of the South American States will prevent them giving coal to either
American or Spanish ships.
ARSENIC PLACED
IN THE CABBAGE
Mysterious Poisoning at
Sutterville.
CHINESE PEDDLER'S VICTIMS
SEVERAL PERSONS COME CLOSE
TO DEATH.
Mr. and Mrs. James and Three Por
tuguese Taken Violently 111.
Case on Which Police
Are Working.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENITO. Sept. 6.— Poisoned
cabbage is responsible for the severe
Bickness of a number of persons in Sut
terville, this county. A few days ago
several residents of that town bought
cabbages from a Chinese peddler who
claimed he was from Sacramento. After
eating the cabbage they became sick,
and as they exhibited symptoms of
poisoning a doctor was sent for and
at once detected that they were suffer
ing from arsenical poisoning and gave
them an antidote. One of the victims
was a woman named Mrs. James. In
telling the story of her illness to-day
she said:
"I had just left my homo and was
walking down the road when I, met a
Chinese peddler, who had a ■wagon
load of cabbages. He said he was
from Sacramento, and as the cabbages
appeared to be all right 1 bought one
of them and advised him to drive into
town, as I realized that he would be
able to sell the entire load. I took the
cabbage which I had bought to my
home and prepared to cook it. I no
ticed several of the leaves were cov
ered with a white substance, but not
thinking anything of it at the time I
placed it in a kettle containing hot
water. My husband and I ate of the
cabbage and were at once seized with
violent pains.
"Realizing that we were poisoned, we
sent for a physician, who after consid
er;-, ble trouble, relieved us. The follow
ing day we heard that three Portuguese
ranchers had purchased cabbages from
the Chine&e peddler, and fearing for
them, we went to see th^m. To our
surprise we found them all ill — victims
of the poisoned cabbage. One of thorn
was seriously ill, and for a time we
thought he would die. He finally re
covered, however, and now threatens
vengeance on the Chinese peddler on
sight.
"Just what motive the Chinese had
I am at a loss to know. It is possible
that he was not aware that the cab
bages were sprinkled with arsenic and
started out to sell them. It is a strange
fact that he has not been here since he
sold us the cabbages. Whether he knew
of our sickness and was afraid to con
front us, I am at a loss to state. I
have endeavored through my husband
to find out if the cabbages were sent by
an enemy, but have been unsuccessful.
"A short time ago one i f the Portu
guese who had partaken of poisoned
cabbage received an anonymous letter
in which it stated that his life would
be taken. Thinking it a joke he paid
no attention to it until he was taken
ill from the effects of arsenic. I do
not think I have an enemy, "but in
future I intend to closely examine
everything I buy to see whether or not
it contains poison."
The police are investigating the case
and hope to be able to land the culprit
in a few days. They believe the pois
oned cabbages were given the Chinese
peddler to sell to residents of Sutter
ville. Whether the poisoner intended
to kill one or more persons it is im
possible to tell. The police, however,
believe that the Portuguese were the
intended victims and that the China
man was instructed to give them as
many of the poisoned cabbages as they
wanted.
PHILIPPINE LEADERS
WANT ANNEXATION
Eighteen Out of Twenty Declare in
Favor of Coming Under
American Rule.
MANILA. Sept. 6.— At a meeting yester
day of twenty leaders of the Filipinos of
all sections called to discuss the policy of
these islands, eighteen of them were em
phatically in favor of outright annexation
to the United States and two were In
favor of a republic. The general native
opinion Is that it is best to adopt United
States Consul Wildman's suggestion and
offer liberal Inducements to the independ
ent factions to co-operate and to reward
the services rendered.
The United States cruisers Olympla axid
Raleigh returned from Hongkong to-day.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, Sept. 6.
THRIFTY INDIANS
OF COPPER RIVER
Reap a Harvest in Aban
doned Outfits.
LEFT BY DISGUSTED MINERS
COSTLY KITS ARE PICKED UP
EVERYWHERE.
! Many Persons Drowned on the Swift
Klutina— Strikes on Four
Tributaries of the
Seventy-Mile.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Sept. 6.— News comes to-day
from Port Valdes that the Copper River
Indians are reaping a harvest by gather
ing up outfits left by scores of disgusted
prospectus. It cost the latter 10 to 20
cents a pound to get their food and cloth
ing over the Valdes glacier and up the
Copper River valley. From 100 to 300, be
coming discouraged with their luckless
DEATH LIST SMALL AT THE
SECOND DIVISION HOSPITAL
WASHINGTON, Sept 6.— The following telegram was received
to-day at the War Department:
CHATTANOOGA, Term., Sept. 6.— General H. C. Corbin, Wash
ington: Second Division, Third Corps, hospital closed yesterday. This
is the one that has been most generally and severely criticized. Fol
lowing is its record since establishment, June 10: Total number of pa
tients, 2462; total deaths, 33. Of these cases 270 were typhoid, and of
the total deaths 28 were from typhoid.
H. V. BOYNTON, Brigadier General Volunteers.
attempts to find gold, finally dropped
their outfits anywhere and hurried Sack
to Valdez.
News of this situation spread among the
Indians, who hastened forward from both
seacoast and Interior to enrich themselves
with a winter's supply of provisions.
Never before have they enjoyed such
luxury. In previous years great loads of
furs have brought less than they are now
securing free.
Morton Ramsdell, a young Tacoma so
ciety man who returned from Copper
River to-day, says that the few whites
who winter in the interior will also fare
well at small expense. Ramsdell says:
"Flour sold as low as 60 cents per sack;
Mocha and Java coffee, 4 cents a pound;
bacon, 5 cents, and everything else in
proportion, including clothing and tools.
The Indians and whites who remain will
have more clothes than they can wear.
Of course four bus was not the regular
price for flour, but occasional sales were
made at that figure. It usually sold at
$1 50 per hundred pounds, though it cost
at least 15 cents a pound to get it into the
country."
Ramsdell thinks that twenty-flve or
thirty people were drowned in the swift
Klutlna River.
Latest Yukon advices state that four
tributaries of Seventy-mile River have
been found rich in gold and are being ex
tensively worked. They were named
Crooked, Barney, Deep and Flume creeks.
Casper Ellengen, recently arrived at
Dawson, stated that when he was at
Seventy-mile mine-owners on these
creeks were offering men $15 per day to
work. Soon after many men rushed in
and wages were reduced somewhat.
About 200 secured claims, taking out by
sluicing one to three ounces per day each.
SPAIN TO NEGOTIATE
WITH THE INSURGENTS
Will Send Money to Manila to Ban-
som Prisoners and Believe
Distress of Her Troops.
MADRID, Sept. 6.— The Cabinet has au.
thorized the Foreign Minister, Duke Al
modovar de Rio, to negotiate with the
Philippine insurgents to ransom the 6000
Spanish prisoners now in their hands, and
It has been decided to transmit money
to Manila for that purpose and for the
relief of the Spanish troops which are
urgently In need of funds. The Ministers
will ask General Jaudenes, the comman
der of the Spanish troops in the Philip
pine Islands, how to transmit the funds.
GRAY OR LINDSEY
FOH COMMISSIONER
NEW YORK, Sept. 6.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent says: Since it
has been definitely known tnat Justice
White would not acceDt a place on the
Peace Commission, a number of names
have been dlscusssed in connection with
the vacancy, including those of Major-
General Merritt and Senator Llndsey of
Kentucky. I was told late to-night that
either Senator Gray of Delaware or Sen
ator Lindsey would be appointed.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1898.
BANNER DAY AT
THE ENCAMPMENT
Parade of the Naval
Veterans.
MANY REGIMENTAL REUNIONS
OLD COMRADES DRAWN CLOSER
TOGETHER.
Contest for the Honor of Command
ing the Grand Army of the
Republic Becoming Some
what Complicated.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CINCINNATI, Sept. 6.— The second
day of the thirty-second annual en
campment of the Grand Army of the
Republic was p. banner day — a "Star-
Spangled Banner" day— in every way.
The weather was delightful. It has
rained every night preceding the en
campment days, and after a shower
cooler weather is promised for the big
parade to-morrow. The Ohio labor
parade on Monday and the naval pa
rade to-day were both under clear
skies and nature promises to smile on
the old veterans in line to-morrow.
Some of the veterans advocate dis
continuance of encampments, because
they want all remembrances, even c-f
sectional differences wiped out, but
they say they will attend the annual
encampments as long as they are held.
The leading surviving o.ucers of the
Civil war are prevented attending the
encampment this year, because of the
Spanish-American war. Among the
ladies who are missed none is referred
to more than Mrs. John A. Logan.
Much disappointment is expressed be
cause President McKinley and ex-
President Harrison are not here, as
they have been in former years. In the
absence of the President Governor
Bushnell of Ohio will occupy his place
on the reviewing stand to-morrow, sur
rounded by Governor Pingree of Michi
gan, Governor Mount of Indiana, Gov
ernor Atkinson of West Virginia and
other Governors with their staffs.
The decorations are unusually elabor
ate, the electric light designs in the
public squares and at the street inter
sections surpassing even the finest ef
forts of past expositions, and the en
tertainment is equaily lavish.
This was Naval Day and to-morrow
is Army Day, to be followed on Thurs
day by the Peace Jubilee. The National
Naval Association gave a grand parade
this morning.
After the parade the naval veterans
were entertained on steamboats and
they captured Coney Island. The fea
tures of the day were the regimental,
brigade and other reunions, at which
the old comrades got closer together
than on any other occasions. There
were demonstrations on the arrival of
several department commanders and of
Governors and their staffs.
The citizens tendered receptions to
Commander-in-Chief Gobin, Rear Ad
miral Kelley, Mrs. D. J. Martin, presi
dent of the Women's Relief Corps;
Mrs. Flora M. Davey, president of the
Ladies of the G. A. R. ; Mrs. Jennie
Laird, president of the National Asso
ciation of the Ladies of the Naval Vet
erans, and others.
The contest for commander-in-chlef
has become much more complicated
with the arrival of a large delegation
from New York, headed by Corporal
Tanner, in support of Colonel John C.
Sheets of Yonkers. This not only di
vides the department of New York
against Colonel A. D. Shaw of Water
town, but it also divides the vote uf
other Eastern departments that were
expected to be solid for Shaw. While
Colonel J. A. Sexton of Chicago had
only one or two votes in the Illinois
delegation against him he is now los
ing some support through the candi
dacy of Colonel Tom Anderson of To
peka, who is getting Western votes
that were depended upon for Sexton
and who was considered a favorite in
the race as the only Western candidate
until the Kansas man was brought out.
I. F. Mack, the Ohio candidate for
commander-ln-chief, is embarrassed in
his canvass by the fact that W. C.
Johnson of Cincinnati has been deter
mined on as the man for senior vice
commander, and the leading two offi
cers are not likely to go to the same
State.
Commander W. E. Atkjns has hereto
fore been considered the leading candi
date for rear admiral of the National
Naval Association, but he is having a
close contest now with Commodore J
G. R. Foss for that position. The con
tests for the new offices have now be
come quite animated among the ladies.
DREYFUS CASE
TO BE RETRIED
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, IS&S, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PARIS, Sept. 6.— The French Cabinet
met to-day. General Zurlinder, the
new Minister of War, was sgfesent. The
whole sitting practically was occupied
by the Dreyfus question.
The F.jaro says it is in position to
affirm that the principle of revision was
decided upon unanimously and the
Minister of Justice was instructed to
take the necessary judicial steps con
nected with the affair.
General Borin has been appointed
acting military governor of Paris in
succession to General Zurlinden, who
has accepted the portfolio of Minister
of War.
The newspapers regard the revision of
the Dreyfus case as being assured, say
ing that the prisoners counsel will now
make strenuous efforts to secure a pub
lic re-trial.
The Matin says that Colonel Piequart
yesterday signed a demand for the pro
visional liberation of Dreyfus.
Bead about Uncle Sam's new atlas
and the stories it tells in next Sun
day's Call.
HOLLAND'S YOUNG
QUEEN ENTHRONED
AT AMSTERDAM
Loyal Subjects Greet tr;e Reces
sion of Wilhelmina With Bois
terous Acclaim.
"Beautiful Is My Vocation; Beautiful My TasK"
Her Assurance to the People of tbe
Netherlands.
AMSTERDAM, Sept. 6.— The events
of yesterday were but the overture for
far more important ceremonies to-day
upon the occasion of the long awaited
enthroning of Queen Wilhelmina, who
came of age on August 31. The day
began with a salute of 101 Runs and a
majestic choral performed by trumpet
ers from the crenelated towers of the
five great churches of Amsterdam.
Crowds of people assembled early in
the morning and took up positions
from which to view the royal proces
sion to the Neukirk, an edifice that, in
spite of its name, is 400 years old. By
10 o'clock the Damplatz presented a
magnificent spectacle. The center was
cleared and the sides were densely
thronged, the front places being re
served for the children of the orphan
ages. The multitudes were kept back
by lines of troops of all arms.
From the principal gate of the palace
to the chu*ch. between lines of naval
cadets, was stretched a cay awning
decorated with streamers, and velvet
carpeting was laid over the short dis
tance which the Queen had to tra
verse.
At 10:35 the princely families of
Saxe-Weimar and Wied drove to the
church, escorted by cavalry with bands
playing and drums beating, while the
troops presented arms.
Almost immediately afterward the
Queen's mother appeared in a state
coach, which was surmounted by a
gilt royal crown upon a crimson cush
ion. She received an ovation and was
greeted with endless cheering and cries
uf "Long live the Queen-Mother."
About ten minutes later the beating
of drums and the blare of trumpets
signaled the fact that Queen Wilhel
mina had left the palace, and at that
very moment the sun burst from the
clouds in brilliancy which was looked
upon as being a happy augury for the
young sovereign.
The procession was headed by the
king-at-arms, with the heralds in their
gorgeous antique costumes and bearing
long trumpets, adorned with pendant
flags. But all the splendor of the royal
retinue was overlooked by the vast
crowds of people, whose eyes were
turned upon the central figure of, this
imposing procession — the young Queen
on foot amid the people, decked with
all the emblems of royalty. On her
head was a diadem of diamonds, crown
shaped. Her robe was of white silk,
with a long train, under a mantle of
rich red velvet, on which the Lions of
Nassau Vfere "displayed in gold em
broidery. The mantle was bordered
with ermine.
The sword of state was carried be
fore the young Queen by a general.
Her Majesty carried herself with
grace and fortitude, but her blanched
cheeks were evidence of the profound
emotion inspired by the greatness of
th*» rccaston. The jewels worn by the
young Queen were part of those .stolen
In Brussels September 9, 1829. Some cf
thun were recovered by the police cf
New York a year later through infor
mation which a Frenchman named
Roumage gave to the Dutch Minister
at Washington.
It is impossible to accurately de
scribe the acclamations which greeted
the Queen. The roays of loyal cheers
grew louder and more sustained as her
Majesty proceeded to the church,
which, in the meanwhile, had been
filled with brilliantly robed ladies and
uniformed civil and military authori
ties, naval officers and members of the
diplomatic corps. The interior of the
church disclosed a magnificent wealth
of drapery, banners, palms and flow
ers.
As the procession of the Queen-
Mother entered the church the assem
bly arose and remained standing. The
Queen-Mother wore a low-necked dress
of light mauve color, trimmed with
lace and covered with pearls. On he
head was a splendid tiara and on her
breast were displayed the insignia of
the Dutch orders. The maids of honor
and the ladies in waiting were dressed
in beautiful costumes, blazing with
diamonds. Then followed the Queen-
Mother, who took up a position on the
left of the throne, but who remained
standing until the arrival of her daugh
ter, the sovereign.
Suddenly the kin^-at-arms, from the
portal of the church, heralded the ar
rival of Queen "Wilhelmina, who en
tered the building escorted by a train
of generals, each bearing an emblaz
oned banner.
The choir, which included the great
est artists of Holland, sang "Wilho.lmus
Van Natc-auwe."
The Queen, looking very wf'll in her
robes of state, bowed from side to
side as she passed on to the throne,
and reaching it she turned and again
bowed and took her seat. A moment
later her Majesty arose and in a clear
and perfectly calm voice spoke as fol
lows:
Gentlemen of the States General: Since
the death of my ever lamented father,
and until I have completed my eighteenth
year, the government has been In the
hands of my mother. I have now as
sumed the government, and I have is
sued a proclamation to my well-beloved
people.
The hour has now arrived when, amid
the faithful states general, and invocat
ing the holy name of God, I shall pledge
myself to the people of the Netherlands
to maintain their rights and privileges.
On this date I draw more closely the sol
emn tie existing between myself and my
people. The very ancient union of the
Netherlands and of the House of Orange
is confirmed afresh. Beautiful is my vo
cation; beautiful is my task. I am happy
anrt grateful to be able to govern the
Netherlands people, a nation small in
numbers but great in virtue of its
strength of character. I esteem it a privi
lege and a pleasing duty to devote all my
strength to the prosperity and welfare of
ASVEBTISEMENTS.
Nervous People
Are great sufferers and they deserve
sympathy rather than censure. Their
blood is poor and thin and their nerves
are consequently weak. Such people
find relief and cure in Hood's Sarsa-
parilla because It purifies and enriches
the blood and gives it power to feed,
strengthen and sustain the nerves. If
you are nervous and cannot sleep, take
Hood's Sarsaparilla and realize its
nerve strengthening power.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Is America's Greatest Medicine. $1: six for $3.
HOOD'S FILLS cure all Liver Ills. 25 cents.
our Fatherland. The House of Orange
can never, nay, never, do enough for the
Netherlands. 1 need your support and co
operation, and i am convinced you will
lend me these in order that we may be
able to work together for the honor and
prosperity of our Netherlands people.
May this be the aim of our life, and may
God bless your and my labors for the sal
vation of the Fatherland.
Later in the day the Queen drove
around the city and viewed the dec
orations. The carriage was drawn by
six horses and was attended by a guard
of honor.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Patents for Inventors — Treasury De
partment Decisions — Pensions
for Veterans.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 6.-Pacific Coast
patents have been granted as follows:
William C. Anderson, San Jose, Cal.,
water motor; George W. Dickinson, Ta
coma. Wash., roller bearing; Sidney S.
Fisher, San Francisco, telephone; Andrew
J. Hallidie, San Francisco, grip pulley;
Ferdinand A. Hassler, Santa Ana, Cal.,
word register for typewriting machines;
Frederick H. Heath, Tacoma, Wash.,
joint for compasses, etc.; Thomas R. Tur
ner, San Francisco, convertible berth and
settee for ships; Walter E. Twitchell, St.
Helena, Cal., motor carriage; Frank
Walker, Los Angeles, Cal.. self-cleaning
stand Doiler.
Decisions in customs cases have been
rendered by the Treasury Department as
follows: Tea entered for immediate con
sumption may be stored in warehouses
bonded under the tea act of IH&7. This
privilege was formerly restricted to tea
in live-pound packages, but under this
ruling any quantity may be stored. The
department has authorized Collectors of
Customs to disregard the decision of the
Board uf General Appraisers that pepper
shells are free of duty on importation as
unground pepper and to assess a duty of
3 cents a pound on pepper shells as
"spices." Tea samples of only one ounce
may be admitted without examination re
quired by the tea act of 1897, and without
assessment of duty under the war rev
enue act, but if samples of over one ounce
be admitted without the examination re
quired by the tea act that duty will be
assessed thereon.
A star service has been established be
tween Belvedere, by Tiburon, to ferry
landing, Cal., beginning October 1, twen
ty-six times a week.
Pacific Coast pensions have been grant
ed as follows:
California: Increase— Benjamin Gid
rtlngs, Alameda, *s to $10. Mexican war
widows— Pluma Augusta Ford, Alturas,
$8. Widows, Indian wars— Jane Bias,
Santa Cruz, $8.
William A. Custer, a private of the
First Regiment, Washington Volunteer
Infantry, is here on his way to hfs for
mer home in Connecticut, having been
honorably discharged on account of, sick
ness.
A stamp canceling machine '= to be in
stalled in the Astoria (Or.) postofflce.
■ :ii '
Dyiaa A sufferer from Nasal
rivsls. Catarrll will find in"
i I stant relief from the
use of the new "Ozo"
catarrh treatment. For this reason
a trial treatment is offered to you.
Call to the Institute and get a trial
or write for a free trial. "Ozo*
cores catarrh of the head, catarrh of
tfie stomach, etc. It is : a certain
catarrh treatment. Trial free.
fiUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Ellis, Stockton and Market- StP-
!JtTt\VAM ? s * e s me of
nUuiArl the discOVer
: for weak men.
(Hudyan cures pains in the back,
catches in the back, weak back, pains
in . the shoulder, etc. :•■.■ Hudyan has
j cured in every ■ case where it has
been thoroughly used. Hudyan stops
the waste, the losses, in a single day,
Circulars and testimonials free. ■}';
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE
Ellis. Stockton and Market Sts.
lERCE'S
|-^ FAVORITE
SCRIPTION
JL: fORWEAKWOMEM.
 - '.:■
"DTJTTC'XJTO; FOR BARBERS. B AK-
BnUOrlilO er8 > bootblacks, bath-
••. J ,y. ; f , ;.* ..;.,- .-. _<.■„.. .. :.-_. _, houses, billiard tables.,
brewers, bookbinders, candy- makers, , i .nnera.
dyers, 1 ; flourmills,^ foundries, 1 -, laundries, paper-
hanKers, >.: printers, ■ painters, •■; shoe ; factortea,
Etablemea. , tar-roof crs,' tanners.' tailors.'; etc. -,n •'
■•-a-; ■=■:'■ •"->;■ BUCHANAN • BROS., -, : • . i-'-M/:.?
Brush Manufacturers.; 609 Sacramento 3t
OF INTEREST f
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Corresponding With Any of the Following Firms Please Mention "Ths 0»lL"
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
flrtlstlc Furniture and flrt Ware Importers.
117 SUTTER STREET.
AUCTIONEERS.
Live Stock VU lID £. ffl U Montgomery Bt.
Auctioneers. IVILLir U. vvf* San Francisco.
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
Will CrHAENIVfi Shlpplnjt trade supplied.
Will- StuUCMnUj 639 Broadway street.
BELTING.
Ln IIFfiFW Manufacturer of Belting nn<S
L. r. IfCUCiI, Lace Leather, 105-107 Mis-
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BICYCLES.
i'iv.'r. ■£ '98 Model Cleveland Btcydo«i
SeH for $60. »6E and $75. • Crescents, ln Mm'«
and Ladies* $36. /Second-hand Wheels. $10 and
up. LEAVITT & BILL, 303 Larlcln street.
BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship Work. '
Office and Works— ll3-115 MISSION STREET
, Telephone Main 5045. '
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell,
Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
COAL. COKE AND PIQ IRON. -
J. C. WILSON & CO..
GOO BATTERY STREET.
' Telephone Main ISM.
COPPERSMITH.
Joseph Fox. Eupt. H. BlyMi. Msrr.
C. W. Smith. Ship Plumblnjr. Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone, Main 5641.
DENTIST.
DR. C W- RICHARDS; &.*SSJP i a w .
DRUQGISTS (WHOLESALE).
REDMGTON&CO, iTs^tt*^
FIRE. INSURANCE.
EDWARD BROWN & SON.
!. , 407-40S Montgomery at.
Capita! Represented over 1H.000.001
FLOUR.
ViTIAW AT Flour Mills. J. Martenstein & Co.
nAIIUIIAL SW. cor. Battery and Pacific sts.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
f iC DAVCC X- m Shipping: Butchers. 101
JAy DUltj tt VU,, Clay: Tel. Main i»t.
• FURS. '
in VArAITD ' Furrier, all work guaranteed.
All* AUtUUa EV4 Kearny et., upgtalra.
HARNESS AND VEHICLES.
LEIBOLD HARNESS CO.. 211 Larkln «t., 8. F.
Wholesale and Retail Manufacturers of all
kinds of Harness and dealers in Buggies,
Carts, etc. If you want bargains call or wriU
" HARDWARE.
TJALACE Hardware Co., lmporters* Dealers
* in Hardware, 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
ST/\TE7VYEINT : .
-*:■'•/'--- —OF THE ■.'■■■■-.--■■'.. ■■
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
&ERMAN- AMERICAN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
York on the 31st day of December A. D.
1897 and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Poetical Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
mlssloner. CAPITAL .
Amount of capital stock, paid up In
caBh •- •■••assets.""" '
Real estate owned by company 15,000 00
loans on bonds and mortgages.... 68,000 00
r^fh market value of all stocks and
C bondTowned .by company.... 6,969.603 00
Ca b sh in company" s office riKin
Cash in banks •• •• Z71.J51 91
,„;.',,,» due and accrued on all
In Btocks and loans y■-•••-.,••y ■-•••-.,•• 10.136 1T
Interest due and accrued on bonds -
on<l mortgages .1 844 S3
Premiums £ due course of collection 494.951 10
Total assets 17,834.699 IS
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $ .70,450 72
rnssps In process of adjustment or ,
in suspense .••• -isii.Doiai
T osses resisted. Including expenses.. 84.502 40
Gross premiums on , flre risks run-
nlnK one year or less, $2,155,119 # C 8;
, reinsurance 50 per cent........ 1.077,559 84
Gross premiums on flre risks run- ,----.
nlnK more than one year. *2.385,-
■ 465 90; reinsurance pro rata 1,524,129 97
'Due and accrued for salaries, rent. .
■etc .;."•'•• ..'.........." 33,044 21
"All other demands against the com-
pany :...:..•••••••••• • •••• 218,351 29
' Total liabilities $3,155,699 U
. -.v. v INCOME. , •:• i-
Net cash actually received for flre ' '
prentlums $2,720,969 24
Received for interest and dividends
oh bonds, stocks, loans, and from
all other sources 278,838 41
Received for rents , 330 19
. Total income $3,000,137 84
. • ,■" ' EXPENDITURES. - . :
Net arr.ount paid for flre losses (in- " "
eluding $221,937 34, losses of pre-
vious years) . .."... .:...■..:.....;.... $1,239,306 63
Dividends to stockholders 260,000 00
Paid or allowed for commission • • v ■ -
' or brokerage ....V... 456.713 63
Faid . for salaries, ." fees, and other : ■
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 183,277 31
Faid for State, national and local
taxes ....:.......• .....'.;. 83,730 68
All other payments and expendl- ' .
tures .......;.......... 267.961 2S
Total expenditures .:..:.......::. $2, 450.995 58
Losses incurred during, the year $1,265,794 69
Risks and Premiums. .IFlreßlsks. Premiums.
amount of rlskswrlt-
ten during the year... $415,515,753 13,927,063 25
Net amount of risks ex- . •■ ■
pired during the year.. 391.034.957 8.509.548 91
Net amount ln force De- ~
cember 31, 1897.........; 551,153,913 5.140.C55 5S
ERNEST L. ALLEN, President. #
W. N. KREMER. Secretary. •
Subscribed and pworn to before me this 21st
day ■ of January. 1898. ' : •■ ■ ••• .
, CHARLES EDGAR MILLS,
Commissioner for California ln New York. ,
GEO. H. TYSON, General Agent,
435 California Street,
San Francisco, Cal.,
MERCHANTS' E-XCHrtNGE BUILDING,
PChleltecter** Knclish Slamoot! Brand. < '•'■'
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-C\ - OrlKinal and Only Genuine. ' - A' ,
£~tf fK?\ «»'■£. «lw»7» reliable..^ iadie* iik *S\
A/l-Sr-iM. Dr»««lrt for C*(cA«(er» £»i«li«»
V*!l&&ij%>&m<nid Brand In Kcd »nJ CoM n:fUllioV\W.
"^ ST^S : ?3 t > ose> . fiot with blue riblion. Take VBr -
J^l W^ Vi»jno other. Refuse dangertnu rubttitu- V "
I / • ~ ■ "•' ijfliun* and imitation*. At Drogglsti, or i*n4 4*.
» I W • ! Jj* In namrt ' for particaUn, teitlmonUlt and
' V 0» . Et " It«Ucr for Ladles," «n Utter, by rc«Br«
•^^ If Mell. 10,000 Ti-«ticioalali. Pwptr.
: X- ?PATENTSI -3
\S/33UMARKETsTa^i3^
HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS
fiHMQ SSSTAth^'SSSS: et c Fl8 h i n n S
UUI^ Sfark^tre^ 0 - W " ™^'
IRON FOUNDERS. "
Western Foundry, Morton SHedlev Proos .
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every Da "
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505. .
JEWELERS.
W. K. VANDERSLICE CO.
GOLD AXD SILVER SMITHS. 136 Sutter st
San Francisco. Telephone M;!n 917. '*
MANUFACTURERS.
GOLDEN GATE WOOLEN MFG. CO.
Manufacture blankets, Casslmeres. Tweeds and
Flannels. 535 Market st.. San Francisco, Cal.
Goods tor sale at all leading dry goods store*.
MARINE INSURANCE.
SWISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPANIES.
Combined Capital, $4,000 000
SYZ & CO.. Agtmt*.
■ 101 California rt.
MATTRESSES AND IRON BEDS.
THP RFBNHAPn Mattress Co.. 6<2 Mlwloa
mC DCKfIIIAKII Bt . Telephone Main 1*74.
PAPER DEALERS.
Wll I AMFTTF PULP AND PAPER co..
IVILLHIfILI IC 722 Montgomery Street.
PIANOS.
Th» Oldest y.-m and Lnrvent Stoelc
PIANO and MUSIC STORE.
KOHLER & CHASE,
28 and 30 O"Farrell St. . --
A corps of expert. tuners and repatrcrm. ;L-VJ.
PRINTING.
EC HIICHF PRINTER.
■ V- HUUIILOiSii Sansome street.
REAL ESTATE. ~~~
G. H. UMBBEN & CO.,
HEAL ESTATE. RENT COLLECTORS.
General Auctioneers. 14 Montgomery «t.
SEWING MACHINES.
"nfIMCQTiP" Pre-eminently the machine for
UUIuLOiIU family use. 1021 Market street,
near Sixth.
SOAP.
GD I [Try R rfl 123 California street.
• H, LIL/I (I WU,, room 37. Tel. Main 166 l!
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Te1 c^r phlcp ARTRiDGE 306^1.
THE HICKS- JUDD CO-, •Ssgy» B S& *
TARTAR WORKS.
£>ALIFORHIA TARTAR WORKS,
V* G. De LATOUR. Manafiei*.
Office 313 Front Street. San Francisco. . ■ (
— »?.
WALLPAPER.
WHOLESALE and retail; Eend for samples,
stating quality and color. JAS. DUFFT CO..
928 Howard st.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
Forwarding Agents and Publlo Welfherm.
General Storage. Free and Grain Warehouse*.
General office. 210 California st. Tel. Main 1914.
WATCHES. ETC.
TI TTNnV Headquarters for fine Jewelry and
• LVttlfl, full 18-k. Wcddlne Rings, 4 3d »t.
STATEMENT
—OP THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE
HERMAN ALLIANCE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW *
York, on the 31st day of December, A. D.
1597, and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the lnsuran.ee Commissioner of th«
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL. SK:"v
?--■».?': ..'-•■■. ■■ . - ,-:■■■<
Amount of capital stock, paid up ln
cash : •..-.$ 200,000 00
ASSETS.
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company '. • 891,100 00
Cath in banks 35,073 7 »
Premiums in due course of collection 19,836 33
Total assets $ 446,013 13-
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid f 1,454 00
Losses in process of adjustment or
1n suspense 6,321 SI
Gross premiums on flre " risks run-
ning-one year or less, $145,517 01;
reinsurance -50 per cent 71,753 51
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning: more than one year, $34,707 44;
reinsurance pro rata - 29,163 57
All other demands against the com- ■• • .
pany 6,953 33
. Total liabilities .....$ 115,733 34
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for flre
premiums t 175,137 OS
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans, and from ■
all other sources .... 8,438 IT
... Total Income % 183,575 M
EXPENDITURES.
Netamount paid for flre losses $ 23,668 87
Paid or allowed for commission or .
brokerage 45,23« 97
Paid for salaries, fees and other: - <
charges for officers, clerks, etc... 895. 50
Paid for State, National and local , -^
taxes .... "•••■ • -• *.717 01
AH' other payments and expendi-
tures •'•••• • 800 41
Total expenditures t 75,378 83 '
Losses incurred during the year....S .31,424 54
Risks and Premiums. |Flre ßisks. Premiums.
amount of risks writ-
ten during the year... % 24,567,407 1 231,37141
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 6,467,025 50,975 33
Net amount in force De- . ;
cember 31. 1597 18.063,402 180,224 45
ERNEST. L. ALLEN, President. '
W. N. . KREMER, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 22d
day of January, 1898.
CHARLES EDGAR MILLS.
Commissioner for California ln New Tork. :
DR.MCNULTY.
THIS WELL-KNOWN AlfD RELIABLE OLD
: ■»-" Specialist cures Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases of Men only. ■ Boole on Private Diseases and
■ Weaknesses of Men, free. Over 20 y'rs' Hence.
j Patients cv red at Homo. Terms reasonable. Hours 9
I to3dnlly;B:3otoB:3oev'gs. Sundays, 10tol2. Consul-
| tation free aud sacredly confidential. Call.oraddrees
»r. P. BOSCOE McSCLTY,
2A14 Kearny St., Han Francisco, Cal.
'," lA/. T.HESS;
;- : HOTART POBLIO AND ATTORNEY-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus * SpreckeU ' Bide
: ■■■; : • T«lepnone Brown 931. i
Residence, .Wl CaiUorata tt.. b«tow Pow«U,
Ban Francisco.VIRTUAL VICTORY
WON BY THE CITY
OF LOS ANGELES
Jud^e Oster Renders a Decision in
the Famous Water Injunc
tion Suit.
City Enjoined From Seizing the Plant and the
Company Cannot Collect Rates— Receiver
to Be Appointed,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 6.— Judge
Frank F. Oster of San Bernardino to
' day handed down a decision in the in
junction suits of the Los Angeles City
Water Company and the Crystal
Springs Land and Water Company
versus the city of Los Angeles and
others, defendants, and the city of Los
Angeles versus Los Angeles City Water
Company.
The decision Is virtually a victory
for the city, as it decides that the
agreement entered into in 1868 Is a
lease in so far as the waters of the Los
Angeles River are devised for a term
of years by the city to the Los Angeles
City Water Company, and that said
lease has expired. The city is entitled
under Judge Outer's opinion to the pos
session of the waters of the Los Ange
les River and leaves the water com
pany in possession of the pipe lines and
reservoir. Co: tinuing the opinion re
cites:
The waters of the i/os Angeles River
SANTA CLARA
REPUBLICANS
DISSATISFIED
Object to the County
Committee.
TOO MUCH REA IN EVIDENCE
CANDIDATES WHO ARE TO BE
KNIFED.
Bank and File of the Party Demand
the Ousting of Gangsters
From That Important
Body.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
. SAN JOSE, Sept. 6.— Santa Clara '
County Republicans are dissatisfied
•with the make-up of the County Cen
tral Committtee, and there is a uni
versal sentiment spreading among the
members of the party that the commit
tee should be removed. It is composed
chiefly of Boss Rea and his lieutenants
and office-holders. The neople have no
faith in its alleged devotion to the Re
publican party, and even some' of the
nominees on the county ticket are
afraid the committee will sell them out
to secure the election of gang Demo
. crats. An instance of this kind will be
Been in Rea's fight to elect Bollinger for
Sheriff. It ia a foregone conclusion
Bollinger would be nominated by the
Democrats for Sheriff, and ,in order to
make his election sure Rea had the
Republicans nominate R. J. Langford.
The gang never had any intention of
working for Langford, and he was
' nominated merely to be "knifed" for
Bollinger.
The County Central Committee is the
• came as last year, and at the county
convention was re-elected for two
years. They do not work for party in
terests, but to help Boss Rea and them
eelves individually. With the cam
paign in their hands this fall the Re
publican party is likely to lose Santa
' Clara County. The people hay* be
• come familiar with the disreputable
methods of this crowd, and their names
In connection with the ticket will drive
many away.
The State Central Committee, whose
powers have been extended, should, It
Is claimed, step in and Interfere in the
Interests of the party in the State. The
County Central Committee was re
elected by a convention whose mem
bers were elected by the grossest of
•frauds. The members of it were active
in the gang tactics practiced at the
primaries to defeat the wish of the de
rent and respectable classes, ana the
committee, it is urged, should not
therefore be recognized by the State
Committee.
Jhe following are names of the com
rhitteemen and shows the hold "Jim
Rea has on them:
.. L. A Sage, the chairman, js^ thor
oughly gang, and is swayed by the
M!nht'<-pt ',v!?h of Rea.
John D. Mackenzie is secretary. He
Is Rea's most trusted lieutenant, -and
has engineered the dirty work for the
boss for years. Ho fills the position of
game warden and has aspirations to be
the next postmaster of this city.
James w. Rea, the pollticalboss.
Samuel Rea, uncle of the boss.
Arthur McClay, cousin of Boss Rea.
Dr. H. C. Brown, physician at County
Infirmary, which is under the boss'
thumb.
J. F. O'Keefe, superintendent of Oak
Hill Cemetery, an ex-school trustee,
proud of his Rang collar.
I,yman Bare, whom Rr>a wanted to
make Senator from the Thirteenth Dis
trict.
Frank Covey of Palo Alto, who does
the srang's bidding in the northern end
1 if the county.
F. L. Cottle.
E. E. f'hase.
•T. P.. Peppin, ex-candidate for Super
visor.
W. D. Decker, who was mnde a col
lector for the Board of Trade by the
gang.
Thc-re is one vacancy on the commit
tee, created by the resignation of Jus
tice "W. J. Kirkpatrick. The latter 1r
also a devout attendant upon the buss
and was assistant secretary of the com
mit ten.
Fmm this list it will bo seen that the
.pnrty is completely in the hands of
• Rea. The entire committee is owned
by him, and should the boss take a dis
like to any of the candidates he has
only to say the word and the commit
tee will "crucify" him. This guerrilla
mode of warfare of the gang is killing
! would be of no use to the city of Los
Angeles without the distributing system,
and in like manner the public could de
rive no benefit from the pipe lines and
reservoirs if the water were to be with
held. It follows, therefore, that the pub
j lie necessity requires that the water and
i distributing system shall. In any event, be
| operated and controlled together.
It Is urged that the only equitable and
- satisfactory solution of the complicated
situation lies in the appointment of a
receiver to operate both water supply and
distributing system In conformity with
the public requirements and collect all
: water rates and charges for service con-
I nectlons under the orders of the court, to
|be distributed as the court shall ultl
| mately determine.
Briefly the city of L.os Angeles is en
j joined from seizing the distributing sys
1 tern of the water company and from in
terfering with the management and con
i trol of said property or the collection of
j water rates ana revenues derived there
from, and the water company is enjoined
from collecting water rates. A receiver
i will be appotnted to receive and collect
: the water rates and to hold the moneys
! so collected subject to the further orders
i of the court in the premises.
The appropriate orders will be made ac
1 cordlngly.
the Republican party in Santa Clara
County. This Is proven by the whole
sale withdrawal of members and the
organization of the Good Government
League, with 1600 members, who will
not vote for any one with a taint of
Realsm. The members of the party are
beginning to realize something must be
done to keep Santa Clara County in line
for Gage and to Insure the election of
the legislative ticket, and in all likeli
hood the matter will be laid before the
State Central Committeee.
SPECIAIi SESSION CALLED.
Oregon Legislature to Elect a United
States Senator.
SALEM, Or.. Sept. 6.— Governor Lord
this afternoon Issued a proclamation call
ing the Legislature in special session on
Monday, September 26, for the purpose of
electing a United States Senator to fill
the vacancy now existing by reason of a
deadlock in organizing the last Legisla
ture. The special session will also be
called upon to pass the regular appropri
ation bills to meet the expenses of the
State government.
Santa Barbara Bepublican Ticket.
LOS OLIVOS. Sept. 6.— The Republican
County convention met yesterday at
Santa Tnez and nominated the following
ticket: For the Assembly, Charles Mer
ritt of Santa Maria; Superior Judge. J.
W. Taggart of Santa Barbara; Sheriff,
Nat Stewart of Lomooc; County Clerk,
C A. Hunt of Santa Barbara; District
Attorney, E. W. Squier of Santa Bar
bara; Recorder, W. A. Higgins of Santa
Barbara; Auditor, S. B. Schauer of Santa
Maria; County Superintendent of Schools,
"\V. S. Edwards of Santa Ynez; Treasurer,
W. B. Metcalf of Santa Barbara; Asses
sor, Frank Smith of Santa Barbara; Tax
Collector, Miguel Burke of Santa Bar
bara; Surveyor, Frank Flournoy of Santa
Barbara; Coroner, A. M. Ruiz of Santa
Barbara.
Solano Democratic Convention.
STISUN, Sept. 6— The Democratic
County convention for Solano County
will be held at Vacaville on September 10.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
SACRAMEUTO, Sept. 6, 1898.— Second day of the State Pair Races.
Weather fine; track fast.
A. B. SFRECKELS. Presiding: Judge. RICHARD HAVEY, Btarter.
... San Mateo. 4 \
... Shasta Water. 4 ;
... Major Cook, 6 i
... Mollle A, a :
... O'Fleta. 6 !
... Suffrage, 4 1
... Ringmaster, 4 :
... Ducat, a.. .:
5
3
2
4
1
7
8
6
3 IMi
6 3
2 h
1 %
7 1
4 2
6 h
8
1 4
4 3
2 %
3 1
6 %
6 1
7 20
8
1 4
8 a
2 1
6 1
4 %
6 2
7 20
8
1 4
3 2
8 4
4 %
6 3
7 25
8
in ......
an
1 1
6-6 4-5
8 12
8 50
10 12
30 60
20 60
10 20
Time. :24%, 48%. 1:14. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving. Winner,
Miller & Blazer's br. h. by Salvator-Irls.
San Mateo, slow to get going, was many pounds the beet and ran past the pace-setter
as if she were tied up when he got on his stride. Shasta Water dropped out of It, but
finished strong under urging. Cook looked like finishing second at head of stretch. Mollle
A had considerable speed but Is only a three furlong nag. O'Fleta Improved his position
a little. Suffrage and Ringmaster outclassed. Ducat of no account.
2 SECOND RACE — Five furlongs; two-year-old flutes; Bunny Slope stakes; value, $360 to
• winner.
... Modwena, 110
... MldloYe. 105
... Magdalenas, 115
... Crossmollna, 95
1
3
2
4
1 %
3 1
2 2%
4
1 n
8 2
24
4
1 \
3 %
2 3
4
1 2%
2 n
8 4
4
i
3-2 4-6
2 3
2 11-5
5 6
:*: * •?••"• "I
Time, :12%, :36, 1:02. Good Btart. Won very easily. Second and third driving. Win-
ner. R. Hughes' b. f. by Morello-Glen Ellen.
Modwena best and well ridden. Mldlove a game one, but got the place through Gouln's
love of the lash. MagdaJpnas batted for nearly a quarter. Crossmollna shy on speed.
3THTRD RACE— Six and a half furlongs, selling, three-year-olds
• $200.
and
upward ;
purse
... Sport McAlllßter, 6.104 1 1 % 1 % 11% 1 1 12 JOouln 4 4
... Venus, a 101 4 34 21 28 2 U 22 Dullman 15 20
... Harry Thoburn, 4. .108 2 2 1 310 310 310 310 IBozeman 1-5 l-r,
... Fllrtilla. 6 104 3 4 4 4 4 4 Holmes 10 20
... Sport McAllister, 6.104
... Venus, a 101
... Hnrrv Thoburn. 4.. 108
... Fllrtilla. 8 104
1
4
2
3
1 H
3 4
'21
4
1 %
2 1
3 10
4
If
3 10
4
11
2H
3 10
4 ! V-'
1 2
2 2
3 10
4
in
an
9
Time, :07, :3i>%. :5. r >%, 1:22%. Good start. Won all out. Second and third driving. Win-
ner, Al Smith's eh. g. by Imp. Friar Tuck-Twlllght.
McAllister out to the last ounce. He got a nice hand and heel ride. Venus did her
best and was game. Thoburn simply could not keep up. Fllrtilla Is no sprinter.
A FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs, two-year-olds; purse, $200.
... Oasdale 9712 ... 22% 1% 11% 11% Houck 2 7-5
... Favprsham 10T. 4 ... 1% 22% 2 4 2 2 Bozeman 7-10 8-5
... Naplan «8l 3 ... 810 310 3 6 3 8 Ranch 5-2 X
••• qllt _E<J««_i - 1 'S • 4 4 * 4 Holmes 15 20
Time. :25, :49%, 1:16%. flood start. Won easily. Second and third driving. Winner
W. M. Murry's br. c. by Faverdale-Castalla.
Casflale a game one and best by a lot. Faversham was going best when start was
. made. He Is none too game. Naplan finished up like a good one. Gilt Edge showed no
speed .
2
4
3
1
- 2 2<4
8 10
4
2 2%
3 10
4
1 1%
2 4
3 6
4
1 1%
22
3 8
4
in
5 FIFTH RACE— Sti furlongs, three- year-olds ; Dewey Selling Stakes; net value to wln-
• ncr, $360.
.. Morlnga M]
... Marplot 106
... Hlmera .91
... Arbaces U2
... Losette 94
El Moro !><
1
I
5
?.
c
4
1 h
B 1
2 1
hi]
j|
R 3
6
1 1
2 %
35
4 2
i 3
I
1 3
2 It
34
4 3
S*
er I
2 2
7-5 »-B
20 20
7-5 7-10
I IB
12 20
s
!S
Time. :25, :49, 1:14%. Good start. Won all out. Second and third driving. Winner J
Conwuy's br. g. by Sohrnnte-Somn.
Morlnga ran a grand rac<». Marplot needed this race. He showed all his old speed
but was not up to a bruising race. Hlmera closed strong and ran a good race. Arbaces
stopped badly last three furlongs. Reet outclassed.
6 SIXTH RACE— Seven and a half furlongs,
purse, $200.
6 ■
DUgh, 4 1
Wheeler. *.
, 3 1
Ilia. 4 1
HP. 3 |
lderson. a. ..1
3
4
5
6
1
1
2%
3 1
1 2
I 10
c s
8 iv
2 1%
| zjfc
, 6 12 .
4 3
'■ 1 ■■ '
%
Mr
4
1
l
6
1
U
10
1%
3
m
an
lan
in
nore
Time. :20%. :45, 1:10%, 1:87. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner, A. Ross' eh.
g. by Jackson-Minnie B.
Ko Ko got a good ride. Scarborough, who was best, a bad one. Colonel Wheeler not
quite up to * hard race. MoozanlUa interf erered with at start.
THE SAX FBASrCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1898.
MODWENA TAKES
THE SUNNY SLOPE
Gallopers' Day at the
State Fair.
FAVORITES IN DIFFICULTIES
DEWEY SELLING STAKE GOES
TO MOBINGA.
Eo Ko, at Odds of 40 to 1, Out foots
Scarborough and Col. Wheeler
In the Closing Event
of the Day.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 6.— The galloping
brigade had an Inning at Agricultural
Park this afternoon, and there cannot
now be any doubt that the heart of the
race-going public goe: out to the thor
oughbreds. The increased attendance on
the days the runners hold sway demon
strates that, and to-day was no excep
tion.
Everything went off like clockwork.
There was little or no delay at the post,
and Starter Havey sent his fields on their
Journeys so closely aligned as to elicit
words of praise from all sides. The starts
were made by means of an Indian rubber
band stretched across the. track, a simple
contrivance which several California rac
ing men were much taken with and which
is used successfully by several starters
on tracks east of the Rockies. Certainly
It worked marvelously well to-day.
One lonely favorite was all that caught
the judges' eyes at the finish In six races,
and when Ko Ko. trained by "Hanger"
Jones, won the last race at odds of 40 to 1,
the agony of the form students can better
be Imagined than described. The lone
favorite to finish In front was Modwena,
owned by Rlenzl Hughes of San Francis
co. San Mateo was a strong second
choice In the first event, and Sport Mc-
Allister was second In demand in the
third. However, the favorite that was
beaten by the Sport was 1 to 5, and he
finished third In a four-horse race. Mc-
Allister was a very tired skyrocket at the
wind up.
Little Willie Murray had a good thing
In the fourth race In Casdale, who won
from the 7 to 10 shot, Faversham, who
was never before accused of earning any
other notoriety than the ability to say
"Take it" quicker than almost any man's
colt. Morlnga won the fifth because he
was In grand racing shape and Marplot
was not. and Ko Ko took the last because
Scarborough's rider needed a tonic and
Colonel Wheeler lacked a whole lot of
being up to a bruising race.
That the track was In sup«rb order can
be Judged by the fact that San Mateo
ran six furlongs in 1:14 flat, and Modwena
six and a half In 1:22%.
The Judges were A. B. Spreckels, pre
siding, with J. W. Wilson and M. F. Tar
pey as associates; the timers, Directors
Frank de Long and Al Leach. Six regu
lar books and a combination book were
on and did a fine business.
The first race, six furlongs, selling,
brought eight to the starting post. Shasta
Water was a slight favorite over San
Mateo, and the rest were not wanted at
any price. To a fair send-off, made In
leas than a minute, O'Fleeta showed mo
mentarily in front: then Mollie A took the
leading position, holding it for three fur
longs. Here San Mateo, rather slow to
get going, had headed Ironwood's daugh
ter, and, going away from hla field like
a shot, was four lengths to the good
turning for home. This advantage he
maintained to the end. Major Cook look-
like second money as they straight
ened away for the run down the home
stretch, but Shasta Water came fast on
the Inside, and, heading the "Majaii"
about a sixteenth from home and hard
ridden, beat him out two lengths. Cook
was four lengths before Mollle A, the
early pace-maker. Time, 1:14.
The Sunny Slope stakes, for two-year
old fillies, brought a quartet of very pret
ty misses to the post. Modwena was al
ways favorite, and the coin of her admir
ers forced her price from 3 to 2 to 4 to
5 by post time. Magdaienas was in some
demand at 11 to 5, but Midlove (half sis
ter to Liovdale) was supported a little at
RACE ARRANGED FOR
THE AMERICA'S CUP
Representatives of the Royal Ulster and
New York Yacht Clubs Confer and
Agree Upon Terms.
NEW YORK, Sept. 6.— At a conference between the challenge
committee of the Royal Ulster Yacht Club and the cup committee of
the New York Yacht Club to-day, the Sandy Hook course was agreed
upon.
The conditions agreed upon provide that the match shall be de
cided by the best three out of five races over courses that shall be,
as nearly as possible, thirty nautical miles in length, starting from
Sandy Hook lightship. The first, third and fifth races shall be to
windward or leeward and return, while the second and fourth races
shall be over an equilateral triangle.
The challenger, it is agreed, shall be informed at least one week be
fore the first race what vessel is to defend the cup. The racing rules
of the New York Yacht Club shall govern the races.
The first race, it was decided, shall be sailed or. Tuesday, October 3,
1899, unless the Shamrock should be detained by stress of weather
or other causes, in which case three weeks shall be given her for fit
ting out after her arrival, but the first race shall not be started later
than October 10. The races shall be sailed on Tuesdays and Saturdays
until completed.
3 to 1. Starter Havey got them away
nicely bunched, but Modwena was on her
stride best and soon opened a gap of a
couple of lengths on Magdalenas. The
latter however, had her old-time burst
of speed with her, and as they passed the
half-mile mark Morello's daughter had
but a half a length the best of it. Gouln,
on Magdalenas, went to the bat as soon
as they straightened away in the home
stretch, and naturally his mount quit,
even losing the place. Modwena went on
and won by two and a half lengths, with
Joe Plggott sitting still, while Midlove,
game as the proverbial pebble, was a
neck in front of Magdalenas at the finish
ing time Crossmelina was a poor last.
Time, 1:02. , .
The third event, a selling race of six
and a half furlongs, had four contest
ants. Harry Thoburn was for some rea
son thought to be a "moral, 1 to 5 be
ing his price, and 4 to 1 Sport McAllis
ter. Venis was at 2 to 1, and Flirtilla,
who had not been out in about two years,
2 to 1. They got a fair start, Sport Mc-
Allister being a little in iront with the
favorite next. Flirtilla dropped out of it
quickly and Venis went up close to Sport
nearing the half pole, Thoburn on the rail
falling back over a length. McAllister
was leader by a half length as they made
the final turn, and Venis was uiree
lengths in front of the supposed P>per
ina." Thoburn got the gaff and the whip
in allopathic doses coming down the home
stretch while Oouin forgot his whip this
time and rode Sport with his hands, land-
Ing him a winner with all sails set by
two lengths. The despised \ enis was
second, two lengths from the false alarm,
Harry Thoburn, and Flirtilla was an
awful last. Time. 1:22^. There was a
hush in the bookmakers r camp and jubi
lation among the four hundred or so
knowing ones as McAllister came back to
the winner's ring.
A selling race for two-year-olds, fourth
on the programme, had a quartet of
starters. Faversham was made a 7 to 10
favorite, Casdale going at 6 to 5, Napian
9 to 2 and Gilt Edge 20 to 1. To a fair
sort of start Faversham shot to the front,
leading by two lengths the first eighth.
Then Casdale began to catch the black
favorite, who led past the half pole by
less than a length, Napian two and a
half lengths away. Casdale passed Fa
versham on the tinal turn and led in the
homestretch by a half length, the choice
of the talent four lengths froni Nap an.
Casdale's rider pulled over to the rail in
front of Faversham, but was clear when
he did it, and going on won with ease by
a half length. Faversham was second,
two lengths before Napian, who beat
Gilt Edge eight lengths. Time. I:l6V*.
The first half was run in :49Vi-
The fifth race the Dewey selling stake,
six furlongs, brought six to the post. Ar
baces, brother to Diggs, was a seething
favorite, backed down from 7 to 5 to 7 to
10. Marplot was at 9to 6. Moringa 2to
1, Hlmera 20 to 1, Losette 15 and El Moro
26 to 1. They were off to a first-class
start, but Marplot, on his etrfcle best, took
a slight lead in the first furlong. He
passed the half pole a head in front of
Arbaces, on whom Moringa was lapped;
the others bunched prettily. Marplot led
by a half length at the three-quarters
and Arbaces was clogging it badly, Mo
ringa going up second. Half way down
the home stretch Moringa said "good-by"
to Marplot and won all out by about
three lengths, Marplot second, a length
before Himera, who finished very strong.
Arbaces was a bad fourth. Time, 1:14%.
The concluding race, seven and a half
furlongs, had seven starters. There was
a delay of ten mlntes, and finally they
were dispatched to a fair start. Man
zanllla was interfered with. Colonel
Wheeler assumed the lead and kept it for
five furlongs, when Scarborough got up
and led Wheeler by half a length In the
home stretch, Ko Ko less than a length
away, on the outside. Bozeman put up
a weak finish on Scarborough and Ko Ko
fot up and won cleverly by a length,
en Thorough second, with Colonel
Wheeler at his saddle. Tenrlca was a
poor fourth. Manzanilla ran a good race
after having been interfered with. The
time was 1:37.
MABNESS RACES TO-DAY.
Trotters and Side-Wheelers to Figure
in Four Events.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 6.— The following
is the programme offered for to-mor
row:
First race, trotting, 2:25 class, mile dash—
Joseph Selby, Diana, Harry Man-In, Shelby,
Menlo Belle, Lottie, Bonsaline, Mamie Rlley,
Phoebe Chllders.
Second race, trotting, 2:20 class, mile dash-
May B, Dr. J, Silver Queen, Shelby, Desde
mona, Iran Alto. Dexter D.
Third race, pricing, 2:30 class, mile daah—
Clara H. Gaff Topsail. Captain Hackett, Harry
J. Pilas Slmonp, Belle W, Roderick, Lady
Margaret, Mia Louise.
Fourth race, pacing, 2:12 class, mile and re
peat—F W. HIJo del Diablo, Floraelta, Prince
Almont, Beachwood, Rex Alto, Much Better,
Little Thome.
George Snider, suspended indefinitely in
the Trance case, has been reinstated to
a certain extent; at least he rode for
Burns & Waterhouse in four races to-day.
A yearling colt ran away this after
• ADVERTISEMENTS.
00000 0000000 00 o 00 0006 000 00000 000 000
i Cured of Rheumatism
o .. ; - ; : ■••;•■ ■ -• : : "-- ■•;•■• . ■ ;-■ ; ■ . o
o i^^^S^ aineB l ! e of Tres'Pinos, Cal, Cured of o
° .j^^^rffes Rheumatism After Suffering 34 Years, o
O 4(Si ' iO^vSu TRES PINOS, Cal., Sept. 4, 1898. Q
n Kj3 \ NlinVw Dn - A - T - SANDEN Dear Sir: I stand ready _
** 6BBi|^M» '•)iuß^_ iWrwl. to testlf >' to having been cured of rheumatism O
O iSiidß' rvSK* 'WmS« <lf 3 years' Btandlngr by your "Dr. Sanden's Q
O^mt"Sf *^J^ : iVHRta Klectrlc Belt.''.' lt has completely cured me
" ■) - / \^ JKwfll*! after doctors and remedies ■• had failed, for O
O jk '■■ /jr/K'lJO '■• ' w h'ch I'am . very thankful, ;. and , will be more ' a
. j©l ' .2__^\ H'''i\M&& ' than pleased to make It known to any one who "
O /tsW **~S*T^ '■■ ■' £iFw^ ■ ' s troubled as I was. ? I was also sufferlnc with . Q
03WJV \ »*/&/* lndtg-estlon and heart trouble of the worst kind. _
"<pyThp4Sllho*^%dirf(?K I am now entirely free from pain and f.-"l V?
© s*Sil^li *^ijM}K -«: better than I have for 34 years. My wife wore f\
Oi-O--^ < i/Sa s X" *^*"^Fs&Vs&!£^ tlie I ?elt for a short tinip, and lam pleased to }z
**. Z^&iSfp?Si&(f/!^2tiin jGr&ysts/s!?k sa " that It naa dtme more for her than me'll- W
»J a^^SaP"?B?sv! ;^^'/ cine or medical aid could ever do. I honestly Q
Q jjf!SX&"'ot%'i!\ J^r-&'^Jyyy / recommend the Belt to all BUfTerers and feel
! /£'jfc<^'s^^K// confident It will accomplish * what It has done Q
O \ilm<^%%//iiib^&J''?y/s y or me Yours very truly, v _
O "ulP^^y/T^^^^^v^^S' - J AMES ; BEOUE, Tres Plnos, Cal. O
% Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. I
° T HERE IS NOTHING SO PEN ETRATI-;G, NOTHING SO INVIGO-
© ' I rating nothing that will relieve the pain ari^ stiffness \as speedily, as ]r
O DI SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT. : Its cures are numbered by the thou- P.
O sands. Every : day ; brings \ fresh proof of its power. ilf you ! have Rheu- • O
O ' matism. ' Lame Back, Sciatica, Lumbago ;or Weakness in { the I Nerves ;or ■ o
Jf. Vital Organs, : you ought \ to ; consult ; Dr. Sanden. He will tell •-! .•: you *f
whether his Belt will . cure \ you and ; give t you ■ advice free. :If you can- O
O not call, send for the free; book. "Three : Classes of i. Men," which will be ; O
O sent; sealed to address for asking. : Don't put It off. -Act to-day. There q
q is nothing more important ; than your health. - Call or address, ' _
Sdr.a.t.sanden, * * O
g TO«M»rk.tßtrt.t,o.rn.rKMray.BMmiioii . NOT IN DRUB STORES. °
O'~ Office hours, Ba.m.to 8 p. m. ;! Sundays,^lo -_j_ ' ■ ""} ~T7Li "■'' ■'_. ' : J. , ©
itoL Branches at Los Angeles, Cal., 23S West Dr. Sanden'a Electrio Belt ft
O Second street ; Portland, Or., ; 253 Washington « ? ' •■ never : sold In druc t stores :• *T
A street- Denver. Colo., 931 7, Sixteenth ; street: nor; by traveling agenti; only O
° Dallas Tex., 285 Main street; Butte, Mont., > "•'. *t our ofnc«. ,:■,-■ -- ■ • -q
OHO North Main street.. ; ; _;. /-^; . '.- - * —^ ;"■;; , ; ..'\,'. '.'.'^. ..',','.'.-'. it J*
o 6666b 0 0000000000000000 o 000000 00 00 0.
noon. He bolted away from his attendant
and ran into the surging crowd of bettors,
creating no little excitement and scaring
not a few badly.
There was no recall flag in use to-day,
and the new starting apparatus womed
to a charm.
The stock parade is down for Thursday
morning. __________„__
WHARTON BARKER
FOR PRESIDENT
CINCINNATI, Sept. 6.— The middle
of-the-road Populists to-day reorgan
ized the People's party, renewed its
former declaration of principles and
nominated its National ticket two years
and two months in advance of the date
of the election. The object of this early
action was to head off any such fusion
as that of 1896.
When the session opened. Chairman
Ignatius Donnelly made another radi
cal speech denouncing all those who
had co-operated with fusion move
ments and strongly advocating 1 the re
organization of the party not only for
an independent Presidentall ticket but
for independent candidates for Con
gress, State officers, etc.
A letter from ex-Governor Davis
"Waite of Colorado was read, in which
he denounced Senator Butler as a
treacherous chairman and false leader
and advocated the nomination of
straight Populistlc tickets for President
and other offices.
An elaborate address to the people of
the United States was made. It reaf
firms the previous platform of the Pop
ulists and covers many additional ques
tions, and In referring to the present
situation it says:
The People's party vote in 1594 and 1895
rose to nearly two millions, and every
thing indicated its speedy national tri
umph. In this emergency the Democratic
party saw that it had no recourse but to
steal one of the principles of the despised
Populists. In the Chicago convention of
1890. in a prearranged theatrical scene of
great uproar and enthusiasm, it moved to
the front as the devoted friend and long
champion of that which it has always
opposed.
Senator Butler, who is the chairman of
our national committee, preached disin
tegration and demoralization Just as
Benedict Arnold stipulated for the scat
tering of the American forces, that the
British might more readily overthrow the
young republic.
Mr. Butler taught our forces that the
first duty of a soldier was to break ranks
and go over to the enemy. All efforts to
chain the boundless subtlety of this cun
ning man have been in vain.
A bitter discussion then followed on
a motion to proceed with nominations
for President and Vice President. The
Butler men were knocked out. Joseph
Palmer of Illinois then called the But
ler faction together in another part of
the hall and it was announced that
they would bolt and leave the hall If
the motion to proceed with nominations
prevailed. They insisted that such ac
tion should not be taken, as there had
been no regular call and only a portion
of the States and Territories were rep
resented. There was a scene of con
fusion and commotion. The disturbance
at the small crowd became so fierce
that Hasebett, manager of the Ly
ceum, appeared and requested the as
semblage to vacate the hall, as he was
apprehensive of the security of his
property. The Butler faction, led by
Palmer of Illinois, then left the hall
and the other faction proceeded with
the nominations. After numerous
nominating and seconding speeches in
presenting two names for Presidential
candidates a ballot was taken, result
ing as follows:
Wharton Barker of Pennsylvania,
128 4-5; Ignatius Donnelly of Minne
sota, 99 1-5. On motion of Donnelly the
nomination of Barker was made unani
mous. Ignatius Donnelly was then
nominated by acclamation for Vice
President.
A very long platform was adopted,
which incorporates the provisions of
the Omaha platform as well as the ad
dress adopted at the morning session.
Those who followed Palmer of Illi
nois out of the convention afterward
held a conference and drafted an ad
dress denouncing the action of the con
vention.
ADVERTISEMENTS. •
If you're out of town — and lire there — send for our illustrated catalogue free. '•
We are on the threshold of a big fall
trade and here's our policy: we in-
tend that good goods, that is Hale's
goods, shall be so true, that everyone
who buys here shall know it's true-
beyond quip, quibble or question :
we are reaching out for the broadest
trade in the broadest and most liberal
policy.
to=day's attractions.
crockery sale canton flannel 5c yard
.WIUWAvIJ JU 1 V Unbleached. .30 Inches wide, very
from the Cook • stock ca e ch T c2 s vu t a om e r «^sr
iniivS p^rrsfWincif^:::::::::^ curtain scrim 5c yard
ne d comt U ed l blftt^ 3 ' 6% . lnches —"--^ 3S Inches wide. In ecrn - open work
• SSSTS"fS*Saii:::T.::::::::::::::S lni»A Btripes - in blue - f»nM anA r+A
Bauce or fruit plates... ;.2o lace Btrl P es ' ln Dlue - Z° la ana «*• -
Assorted fruit saucers... 3c] ,
l^"S^ te:::::::::::::::::::::SS flannelette 4c yard
Footed oyster bowls.. r>c l'"""^ I*'"*'1 *'"*' "** JfllU
Porcelain bone dishes.....". ...."5c 2000 yards, 26 Inches wide, light col-
Decorated coffee cups and saucers Oe ors. stripe patterns, no limit, come
(And there are others.) early, "won't last long.
great Other attractions the
suo<;5 u 0< ; Friday we close all day. ™*W™
Shl . Saturday grand concert 2 to 5 Clean-up
Waist program international!. at 75c
sa | e Sunday see our big advt in Call, each drew
Examiner and 'Bulletin. , ■ ,
nOW , Monday Fall opening. Milllinery ™f Cr , Owd
On. dept— unusual attractions. Monday.
ladies' . |Qa new vivienne CIC I --fj
underwear luU checks ■ $| JU
Kcru cotton underwear, Jersey ribbed. Very much admired for full costumes
heavy, fleeced, . shirts, either high . for light flgrureg, in blue, green, hello-
necked and long sleeves or high neck . trope and latest shadlngs, 38 Inches
and short sleeves, crochet neck and wide,
front, drawers to match; per gar-
ment, 10c.
applique QRfl url
l adie i Jt Ma trimming (new) UJb fll
handkerchiefs ITU Strik lngly pretty, with lts autumn
78 dozen fine union linen embroidered ■ ■■ tints so delicate, so novel, so true to
handkerchiefs, scalloped and hem- nature, one of the most apropos trim-
stitched, ■'" ■••■■■■ mlngs of this fall.
I Cresco corsets at a dollar don't break
' Rapid hooks and eyes satisfy dressmakers.
I The McCall patterns— — just in.
937-939 a -943 = 945=947 Market Street
NOW FOR BUSINESS !
Uncle Sam has no more use for his
gun just now than we have to adver-
tise, but there may be some people left
in San Francisco whose laundry work
isn't done up with the perfection and fin-
ish and beauty of color that gives such
complete satisfaction to our patrons,
and as we are here for business, we
want the laundry work of every one in
San Francisco, and we are aiming for
it in the unrivaled excellence of our
work.
The United States Laundry, office
1004 Market street Telephone
South 420.
i khSmß/Jili In h j tip BIHII^If^y I !^ff^^£bk^\7 *
' j UH^^vl lll [Ut i(li (l ! n i ritt^^E^^Bfl II k
Casrib. You wouldn't think I would give Ripans Tabules to-a chlkF
like Charlie, would you?
Elsie. No, indeed. He could not swallow one, and it Would be to*
powerful.
Carrie. ■ They are all right for him. Of ; course, he don't need one
very often j and I used to give him a quarter of a one,
■ afterwards half, but now he takes a whole one and they
■'■■,; seem :to be just '; what he needs— once in ft while, you
", know — not often. / ; . % ' &f " ..
Elstc. ■•^, And he swallows it without any -fuss?
Cant, Yes. He don't f mind it at all — but I ; cant 8wallow';;one^ i :
though. y I'm the only member of this f aerify that don't V
take Ripans -Tabulcs. j *
000 ox> o o o b o o ob ad boo
|SWS W PALACE '•«"?
GRAND HSIMhM g
o SAM FRAHCtSCO.
*f Connected by a covered passageway.
° 1400 Rooms— With Bath Attached. ©
O All Under One Management. O
© NOTE THE PHI0E8: Q
n European Plan.Bl.OO per day and upward
V American Plan. s3.oo per day and upward"
Q Correspondence Solicited. Q
q JOHN C. EIRSPATRICE, Kaaagtr. Q
Q.OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
VITALJS
KroTcwsApaED THE NEW
f^^^ft f^mlwb. coruflu
'•TALIS 10th Day. '^i^^^ff^W^ JKfl
THE ABOVE RESULTS.IsOOj Say. ''lIqJjW
It quickly and surely re- _, '"• wr^**
moves Nervousness, Impotency, I 60UiDay. :
Nightly emissions, Evil Dreams, 1 •
Wasting diseases and all effects of self-abuse 01 .
excess and indiscretion. Bestores Lost Vitality,
Power and Failing Memory. I Winds off Insanity
and consumption. Cures when all others fall. Insist
On having VITALIS, no other. ; Can be carried In
the vest pocket. By mail $1.00 per package or six
for $5.00 with a guarantee to Cnra or Refund '
the Monoy. Circular Free. Address
CALUMET MEDICINE CO., CHICAGO, ILL
Sold by Owl Drug Co., S. P., and Oakland.
1 ?JTiii-B -vrfA Mrft-rf*i J &xTnrnm».ft^*^^iranfcM»^tiMrr^faM^^^MM»JW
54
BRAVERY OF THE
CALIFORNIA BOYS
IN FIRST BATTLE
Through a Storm of t^e ElemeQts
aod Bullets They
Marched.
pierce F*gbting <>0 the Nigf)t of July 31 trje
Occasion of Considerable Individual
Heroism.
Special Correspondence of Tbe Call.
BY PRIVATE F. A. HEALY.
CAMP DEWEY, Aug. I.— The hour
was late. It needed but fifteen min
utes to commence a new day, a new
month was only a quarter of an hour
distant, and the sentry standing amid
the dripping foliage that skirts our
camp knew all these things, but that a
new epoch In the history of the Philip
pines had already been ushered in he
was not aware. The firing which had
been going on at the trenches ever
since half-past 10 he took to be the
regular nightly serenade to which we
have been treated since we took up our
present position, and that the sound
which came floating across the open
fields which stretch their muddy length
for two miles between the camp and
the trenches had been growing steadily
in volume he merely ascribed to the
fact that Spain was wasting more am
munition than usual in her futile en
deavor to pot a shy Filipino or a
casual American.
The weather could not have been
■worse. The nights here are ordinarily
cool, though the days are hot enough
to make a traveler from Africa long for
his native temprature to cool off in.
But the night of July 31 was more than
cool. It was cold, and to the blood of
the sentry, thinned by a two months'
campaign in the tropics, it seemed icy.
A heavy, co-Id rain was failing, or was
rather being driven along the ground
by a gale which almost rose in its
power to the dignity of a hurricane.
The fields were wet in every part and
submerged altogether in most places.
The roads had lost their thorcmghfare
character altogether and. had practi
cally become large ditches, filled waist
deep with soft liquid mud. Yes, the
night could not have been worse. Grad
ually the hours moved around toward
midnight, and the rain and wind slow
ly subsided enough to allow the firing
to become more plainly heard. It had
continued to increase as the elements
decreased until it reached a pitch fear
ful enough to disturb many a sleeping
soldier, and cause him to sit up. rub his
eyes and wonder what w r as the occa
sion of all the row. He was soon to
find out. For hardly had he turned
himself again to his pillow when shrill
and clear, on the cool night air, rang
out a bugle calling the entire camp to
arms. As though spurred on by the
sound, the firing in front answered the
stirring noise with crash upon crash,
while the thunder of the cannon re
doubled the mingling of sounds form
ing an awful symphony that seemed to
shake the very heavens under whose
black canopy the half-wakened sol
diery were already arming and forming
for battle. A cheer went up from the
Colorado boys, whose camp is just in
our rear. It was taken up and an
swered by the lads from San Francisco,
and before It had ceased we were
formed and marching on the double
quick to the front.
There was no sick man, no tired man,
no straggling stay-behind in the Cali
fornia Volunteers after the call to arms
had sounded.
Just as we started the storm, which
had quieted down for a few minutes, !
recommenced with redoubled violence.
The rain came slanting across the lines
in living sheets of water, which was
driven into the backs and whipped the
sides of the faces of the advancing
troops until they fairly tingled with
pain.
The First Battalion went first, the
Second Battalion came second, acting
as support, followed by a reserve com
posed of the Third Battalion. The rest
of the troops comprising the main body
remained drawn under arms in camp.
As we started forward news of o-ur
mission began to drift along the line
and we knew what we were out for.
The trenches had been attacked by a
large force of the enemy. The Pennsyl
vania troops and Batteries A and B of
the Utah Artillery, stationed in them,
were being hard pressed, and we were
going forward to their assistance.
To make the matter a little more
clear. I will try to explain how we were
situated. Our camp is placed in an
open field, running from north to south,
in an oblong shape, and about 100 yards
from the beach. From the camp to the
Spanish lines the distance is about two
miles and a half, while the city of Ma
nila is still about a mile am', a half fur
ther north. We have thrown up a line
of intrenchments about two miles from
our camp, which commence on the
beach and run inland in a crescent
shaped formation toward the Passig
River, with their convex side toward
the Spanish lines, which run in a nearly i
parallel course about half a mile away.
The country between these two lines of
trenches is thickly covered with brush
and bamboo timber for the most part,
though here and there large bare tracts
of swamp land and corn patches allow
the Spanish earthworks to be seen.
As we moved out from the line of
trees on the north side of our camp
the noise of battle became more and
more distinct. On we '.went, flounder
ing knee deep In the mild and water,
halting occasionally for a minute or
two to dress our ranks and perfect our
formation. Each fellow carried a hun
dred extra rounds of ammunition in !
hie haversack slung by a strap over his
right shoulder, and as we stumbled
nionp in the wet and darkness the I
strap would sink into our flesh and ,
chafe until the skin wore through. :
But no one murmured. The boys were
jroine: forward to battle and they were
satisfied.
As we emer""«d from the confines of
our camp we passed Colonel Smith and
his staff moving forward Id the same
direction. Amid the Rroup of officers I
saw Sol Sheridan movinchurriedlv for.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears' soap is noth-
ing but soap.
Pure soap is as gen-
tle as oil to the living
skin.
ward toward the firing line, and he
was the only special correspondent I
did see actually on the field during the
engagement.
On We moved until we had crossed
the first naddy field to the north of our
camp where we halted our battalion
(the Second), while the First continued
to move rapidly forward to the help of
the boys in the trenches. They ar
rived there just in the nick of time, for
as they stumbled in with a cheer and
took their places, they found the Penn
sylvania boys with fixed bayonets
awaiting a hand to hand conflict with
the Spanish, who were advancing to
the charge and only fifty yards dis
tant. The reinforcements and the fire
poured into the Spanish ranks by the
new comers proved too much for the
Dons, who broke and fled. Though they
made several subseqent advances they
never got as near again. The critical
moment had arrived with the presence
of the California boys, and with their
appearance all hor»« nf Spanish victory
fled. It was here that gallant Richter,
the warm-hearted and chivalrous cap
tain of Company I, received/his death
wound while leading his command to
the succor of their comrades.
Prom the moment of the departure
of the First Battalion the battle from
the standpoint of a private in the ranks
becomes, as far as I am concerned, a
history of the Second Battalion We
knew that the Third Regular Heavy
Artillery and our First Battalion had
entered the trenches; we knew that
they together with the Quakers and
Mormons were fightintr like time; we
knew that some one was going to get
hurt, but that was all the positive
knowledge we had. The night was dark
as pitch and the inky blackness was so
increased and intensified by the torrents
of falling rain that it was all a felllow
could do to distinguish a comnanion in
his own company at a distance of thir
ty feet.
♦», 25i ew nearer t0 the firing line
the evidences of battle became more
and more apparent. Staff officers aids
and orderlies would flounder up to us
out of the rain and darkness, covered
with mud and slush, ask some ques
tion, inquire the position of some body
of troops or deliver some order and dis
appear again in the gloom as hurried
ly as they had come. Stragglers from
some of the other regiments, who had
lost their way in the darkness, would
run into us and. learning the position
of their commands, hurry off to join
them, or would come along with us
Hospital men, bearing instruments lit
ters and bandages, would flit across
the line of our advance like misty
ghosts of the night and their presence
was a true harbinger of what we were
to expect when we should come Into the
zone of fire.
That questionably pleasant place was
but a short distance farther on and as
we stepped into the line of trees 'di
viding the first paddy field, from' the
second the sharp ping of the first
Mauser bullet was heard as it merrily
whistled on its deadly mission over our
heads. Quickly following the flight of
this first hostile messenger, so quickly
that thought can hardly work fast
enough to compute the time, the air
seemed to have become animated with
thousands upon thousands of uncanny
CAPTAIN RICHTER OF THE FIRST CALIFORNIA VOLUNTEERS RECEIVES HIS DEATH WOUND.
In the Action Before Manila July 31.
TIIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1898.
things that shrieked, whistled,
hummed, rattled and sang through the
air, clipping the boughs from the trees
and sending twigs and leaves whirl
ing around like sands in a desert ty
phoon. Bullets seemed to be every
where; they sped over us, around us
and between us.
Did the boys duck? I did not see
any one doing so. It was too dark
and my time was taken up about the
limit in steadying a fellow by the
name of Healy, in whom I take con
siderable of an interest. I had no
time to look for men ducking. What
I do know, however, is that no man
hesitated, no man faltered, no man
turned backward; all advanced as
steadily as at a Presidio parade. Our
captain (who, by the way, has proved
himself a splendid officer and game to
the core), Eggett, of L Company, had
no need to cry "Steady!" His com
mands rang out clear and cool, as when
he marched us down Market street.
They were repeated with equal cool
ness by Lieutenants Curzons and Ad
ler, and were obeyed with promptness
and exactness by the men, which, con
sidering the weather, the darkness of
the night and the fact that we were
undergoing our baptism of fire, was
little short of marvelous.
As with the commissioned officers, so
with the "non-coms." Grundman. our
first sergeant, seemed to be more con
cerned in seeing his tobacco become a
pulp than in the whistling bullets. I
actually heard Sergeant Leary trying
to tell a funny story amid all the din,
and if the laughter with which his
brother sergeants (Lauber and Left
man), greeted it was not as hearty as
might have been, I am sure it was not
because it was Leary's story and not
on account of their surroundings. Both
they and the corporals were as cool
and as game as veterans of the thirty
years' war. And the men! Well, they
were all right from great big Clancy
on our right down to little Collins on
our left, who when a bullet passed
through his haversack wanted to
know what the Spaniards were doing
that for. Lieutenant Curzons had a
bullet pass so close to his ear that he
claimed that that member was red hot.
Private Joe Donnelly stepped up to
feel, when one 'of the buttons was
chipped from his blouse. Mr. Donnelly
promptly returned to his place in the
ranks. Rut despite these incidents,
and despite the rain of lead and steel
we continued to advance.
As we entered a narrow strip of tim
ber separating the third paddy fiold
from the Pasay road, which field is the
last piece of cultivated ground before
the trenches are reached, a shell tore
through the brush, cut a tree seven
inches in diameter completely in two,
and lit in the earth at the very feet
of our fourth squad. Luckily it did
not explode or none of that squad or
the ones on either side of It would have
answered roll call again before the day
they line up for general muster and
final Judgment on the last day of all.
At the Pasay road, another ditch
crossing our line of advance, we took
up our final position and lay in the
mud and water on our faces all
through the terrible night with the
rain beating upon us, the wind seeking
out our very marrow and causing- it to
freeze in our very bones, while bullet,
shell and solid shot tore through our
ranks and over our heads.
At about 7 o'clock in the morning, the
Spanish advance having been checked
and their forces repulsed, we returned
to camp cold, hungry and worn out,
but victorious and happy. I, M, E and
A Companies of the First Battalion be
haved like heroes. And to the ad
vance of the First California Volun
teers the ultimate victory must be as
cribed. Our colonel, lieutenant colonel,
chaplain and field and line officers be
haved nobly and are a body of com
manders of whom any body of troops
may be proud. Of our hospital corps
1 1 cannot speak too highly. They took
ever> r risk with the utmost intrepidity
j and performed every office with a cool,
ness and courage that commands the
highest admiration. The American
loss was eleven killed and about forty,
J six wounded. The Spanish loss in
i killed and wounded was near 1200.
TRAGEDY IN THE ALPS.
Bride Falls to Her Death and Hus-
band Jumps After Her.
LONDON, Sept. 6.— The Vienna corre
spondent of the Dally Mall says:
There has been another series of fatali
ties In the Austrian Alps. One case, that
of a newly married couple, was particu
larly sad. The bride lost her footing and
fell, the rope broke and she went to de
struction. The husband then deliberately
threw himself after her and was killed.
A gentleman who visited the spot two
days later lost his balance and fell, also
being killed instantly.
HARDSHIPS THAT
WERE SUFFERED
AT CAMP DEWEY
San prancisco Volunteers Who
Did Their Duty Without a
Murmur.
Sharpsbootiog, With ao Occasional Deatb, Tfoat
Preceded the Battles and Capture of
Manila.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
BY PRIVATE F. A. HEALY.
CAMP DEWEY, July 31.— Again I
will attempt to chronicle the daily life
and daily achievements of the Cali
fornia Volunteers. Possibly there are
those among the many thousands who
read these articles in The Call who
wonder why I do not say more concern
ing the plans and actions of the army
as a whole and give to the people at
home the news of what Is going on
throughout this whole vast assemblage
of seamen and soldiers. To such I wish
to say that in the first place I am
merely one of the many simple privates
in the ranks and, as such, have but
little opportunity to gain a knowledge
of anything which does not cencern my
Immediate regiment, and secondly there
are men who are far more capable then
I who are continually watching and
who will give to the public the results
of their vigilance as soon as something
worthy of notice takes place.
In the beginning of this article I
used the words "'daily achievements of
the California Volunteers," and I used
them advisedly. When I was a small
boy my estimation of a man'B soldierly
qualities was measured by the number
of active engagements he had partici
pated in and his glory was Increased
or diminished in my eyes in proportion
to the number of wounds he had re
ceived.
My ideas since the days of my ado
lescence have undergone considerable
of a change. The whole life of a soldier
In active service is a sacrifice calling
for the most profound gratitude and
warmest admiration from those whom
he goes forth to defend, and when that
sacrifice is cheerfully made and the du
ties it entails are willingly, conscien-
tiously and uncomplainingly performed
every one of them, even to the most
menial and trivial, rises to the dignity
of an achievement.
And thus it is with the boys sent out
from San Francisco. From day to day,
from week to week, they have suffered
all the hardships of campaigning and
performed all the weary, heart-break
ing drudgery of camp life. From time
to time there have arisen rumors,
emanating from the Lord knows where,
which promised of battle in the near
future, which, while it would probably
bring death to many, would surely bring
glory and distinction to some. These
rumors would for a short time brighten
things up ami eyes would flash and
chests heave with excitement at the
prospect of an early fulfillment of the
wish that brought nine-tenths of the
entire regiment across 7000 miles of
trackless ocean to pass two years of
exile in a foreign and hostile land. But
it would only last for a short time —
this brightness of expectancy— the ru
mor would be discredited and all hands
would return to the dreary old routine
with the prospect of a fight just as far
distant as ever.
However, at last there came a
change. One fine day the Newport,
with the commanding general on
board, steamed Into the harbor and at
once things commenced to take on a
different aspect, assuming more the na
ture of active hostilities, and hope con
sumed in the wasting flre of disap
pointment, like the fabled phenix,
arose again from its own ashes. The
insurgents no longer had things all to
themselves. Outposts taken from the
different regiments in proper rotation,
one battalion at a time, were establish
ed well within the firing line, the boys
taking provisions with them, and re
maining on duty twenty-four hours
before being relieved. That the duty
is not without its attending danger was
demonstrated on the first day when
one of the boys from the Colorado reg
iment was hit in the leg and painfully
wounded by a spent bullet from the
Spanish intrenchments. What his name
is or to which company he belongs lam
unable to say. Large details of men
have been sent out to repair the roads
which have become almost impassable
from mud, and already two guns of the
Utah Battery ' have moved forward
over them and taken up their position
at the extreme front.
On July 28 a detachment of regulars
was sent up to run a line of trenches
parallel to. the Spanish works and
slightly in advance of those occupied
by the insurgents. They were protected
by sharpshooters selected from men
having records for fine marksman
ship at home. These sharpshooters, se
creting themselves amid the thick
underbrush, crept up close to the Span
ish lines, shootiner with deadly ac
curacy at everything that showed it
self above the enemy's line of breast
works.
At first the Spanish did not seem to
realize that anything unusual was go-
Ing on, but they were soon convinced
by their unusual losses that the new
foe they had become accustomed to at a
dlßtance was beginning to make himself
felt, and after a f~w ineffectual volleys
they contented themselves with keep
ing well out of sight, only firing a shot
now and again when the quiet along
the American lines pave them sufficient
assurance to poke the barrel of a rifle
over their trenches.
In this manner have actual, active
hostilities on land at last commenced
with a loss to the Americans of two
men wounded, one regular being shot
through the arm, as well as the Colo
rado soldier who was hit in the leg.
What the Spanish loss thus far is I
am unable to say. but it must be con
siderable, as our men shoot with the
same calmness they would exhibit at
the butts, and nearly every time they
shoot the object of their fire Is seen to
stagger and fall.
BRIGHTEST CHILD IN
THE TOWN OF CAVITE
Young Daughter of a Native Store-
keeper a Favorite With the
Americanos.
BY SOL N. SHERIDAN.
FORT SAN PHILIPI, CAVITE, P.
1., July 31.— Yesterday I called to see
Joseppa, the brightest child in Cavlte.
In short, while the troops have been
here she has mastered enough of the
English language to carry on an ordi
nary business conversation, for be it
known Joseppa is a business woman
i--. : -
o-»-o-<»-o-»-o-»-o^-o-*-o-»-o^-o-»-b-»;0-»-o-»-o-»-o-*-o-«-o-»-o-»-oVoVo^b-^o-»-o-«rO-»-o
LAST FEW DAYS
A GIGANTIC ARRAY
CDF 1
BARGAINS
.^\ / The remainder of our Summer Stock
must be cleared out during the balance of
the present week, so we have placed every-
thing at prices that will effect a speedy
clearance. _ " • y t . x/
SILK DEPARTMENT.
f- - —
At 7^r 500 ards BLACK SATIN DUCHESSE, former price Hi
ill m ss\* - now offered at 75c a yard.
At Cf 00 600 yards FANCY PLAID TAFFETA SILK, former pric» ,
•Al •*J7l»yy. si ! 5o now offered at $1 a yard. .
At $1 00 400 &rds 24-INCH ■ BLACK DUCHESSE SATIN, for- !
Al vJJI.W mer p r i ce $1 25; now offered at $1 a'yard. <
COLORED DRESS^DEPARTkENT.
At ' ** Or 27 P leces FINE ALL-WOOL FANCY CHECKED SUTT-
"■* sJ "^ f ■ ; ING, marked down from $1 a yard to 60c a yard..
At 7^r 19 pieces ' ALL-WOOL AND SILK AND WOOL NOV-
Al..fvM*. . ELTY PLAIDS, marked down from $1 25 a yard to 75c
■ a yard. ■■•■•; -^_
ki 4hl OO • 17 Pieces HIGH GRADE SILK AND WOOL FRENCH
.Al «4>I«W NOVELTY PLAIDS, marked down from f1,50 a yard to '
I, :$1 a yard. I'_ ______' - *
CLEARING TIME :
. . . IKT . . .
LADIES' WAISTS! j
At 7^\r . LADIES' FINE PERCALE. AND GINGHAM SHIRT- '
Al / vJv. ; WAISTS, blouse front, in fancy stripes and checks, regn- (
lar price $1 25; will be placed on sale at 75c.
At *{*! OO LADIES' FINE QUALITY SHIRTWAISTS, in fancy (
Al vj>l«VFvr checks and plaids, blouse front, regular price $1 75; will
be placed on sale at $1. ' ,
IFlw Market; Jones and McAllister Sts., /
\J? \Jr San Frenclsco> /
and "tends" her father's shop in all
gravity and decorum. She is a fair
sample of the ordinary common people
of this island. The children are nearly
always pretty, and their great black
eyes glow with intelligence and later
with cunning, for as your Filipino
ripens in years contact . with Spanish
treachery and Spanish, uncleanliness
and bad morality bears its fruit,
Joseppa is young yet. She is but
seven years of age, and it ia amusing
to see a group of American officers
learning wisdom and incidentally
Tagallo and Spanish i* her knee. She
has also taught us a game called
"Picino," a species of solitaire played
with sea shells. When the officers call
to See her she is generally "top side"
the house finishing her siesta but as
the father or mother call that the '"of-
ficiales" are coming, down comes Jo
seppa's bare feet and legs on the nar
row ladder and finally the graceful lit
tle thing herself. Then she rubs her
eyes and glances abo~* with a "Buenos
dios!" Indeed, it is a very sleepy
"Buenos dios," but she soon brightens "
up and she carefully makes a mental
calculation of her "Americano"
friends, and if any be absent you may
be sure she will call for the one by
name; sometimes the name gets a cu
rious twist, as, for instance, Captain
Heath's. This she calls "el Capltan.
Heetch." The shop is dingy, the win«
bottles have dirty labels, the table is
rough hewn and grimy, the chairs have
broken legs and an ill smell
pervades the atmosphere, but to some
of us Joseppa is a bright spot in this
campaign.
On the Cavite Real lives a young man
with his old mother and his two littla
sisters. He is an industrious fellow,
and up to a few days ago his was tha
only jeweler and .atchmaking shop in
old Cavite. Previous to the great in
surrection of 1896 his father removed
from Manila, where he had learned his
trade, to Cavite, where he built up a
great business with the Spanish offi
cers. The father, like his son, was in
dustrious, and. though flehting against
the odds of unjust taxation, he man
aged to scrape together a neat com
petency and to givp his children some
education. The son was bred to the
father's trade. One da/ when the
Spanish patrol had been bringing in
many prisoners and when the Mau
sers were making music within the
moat of old San Phlllpi and the Fili
pinos were being shot by dozens, a vol
dier and sergeant called in the quiet
little shop and the jeweler was taken
to the fortress. He had been there be
fore on business. He made no unusual
preparation, his farewell to the wife
was a nod of the head. They brought
back his body at 8 o'clock in the even-
Ing, and the sorrowing son and widow
and the two little girls are still won
dering .why the father was done to
death, and the youn- fellow tells the
story with revengeful hate, and the day
is sure to come when that young man,
will call for life in atonement for the tf
one that was taken.
BASIS FOR ADJUSTMENT
OF ALL DIFFERENCES
Scope of the Agreement Entered Into
by Great Britain and
Germany.
LONDON. Sept. 6.— The Pall Mall Ga
zette this morning says it has complete
confirmation of the existence of an
Angle-German agreement, which ia
mainly commercial, but. the paper adds
which provides a basis for the adjustment
of all differences regarding territorial
questions in all parts of the world
ENGINES IN COLLISION.
Smashup at Sobrante Siding, Eleven
Miles From Port Costa.
PORT COSTA, Sept. 6.-While coming
out of a spur track at Sobrante Siding
eleven miles west of he-e. this morning'
freight train 25 had her engine thrown off
the track and badly damaged by beinjr
r" n '"to by the engine of freight No. 21
blocking the track for four or ftflve hours'
A wrecking train was sent up from Oak
land and righted the engine. Engineers
Rozzino and Edgar, with their firemen
nad a narrow escape from injury by
jumping from the engines. *
♦
LOS ANGELES LAND SCBAMBLE.
Vast Tract Just Opened to Settlement
in Great Demand..
LOS ANGELAS Sept. 6.-There was a
peat rush this morning at the local
a " d " fflc « to J?|ace filings upon about
1.000,000 acres of land thrown open to set
tlement through the decision recently
S?£ d V n i he ove rlapping land grant cases
The land extends from Pasadena to Te
hachapi Pass. Places in the line sold forSETH MANN
WILL BE THE
CHAIRMAN
Democratic Commit
tee Meets To- Day.
PROTEST FROM THE GERMANS
MAGUIRE TAKEN TO TASK IN A
SUMMARY WAY.
Required to Give a Very Hurried
Explanation of His Act in Ap
pointing Dr. Ilax
Magnus.
The Democratic State Central Com
mittee will meet at the California Ho
tel at 1 o'clock this afternoon for the
purpose of electing a chairman and
transacting such other business as may
be deemed advisable.
Judge Maguire held a conference i
•with the Gallaghers, the Manns and
the Leggetts last evening for the pur
pose of selecting a chairman for th-3 I
new committee. At the close of th«
conference Judge Maguire stated that
he would not announce his choice until
he had had a consultation with C. C.
Wright and members of the Los Ange
les delegation. It may be stated, how
ever, that Seth Mann is the choice of
the Maguire-Gallaghers, and that he
will be selected as the chairman of the
new committee. Al McCabe, whose
duties as assistant secretary of the re
tiring committee, have been particu
larly valuable, will, no doubt, be select
ed as the secretary of the new commit
tee.
Judge Maguire will open his cam
paign in this city on the evening of
September 14, at Metropolitan Tem
ple. The demonstration will take the
form of a mass-meeting at which Ma
guire and other speakers will make ad
dresses. *
t'MP.gressman Maguire and his polit
ical advisers from the Clan Gallagher
awakened to the fact yesterday that
they seriously blundered when selecting
his twenty-one personal representa
tives on the State Central Committee.
They not only slighted the German
Democratic Central Club, one of the
strongest political organizations in the
city, but they added insult to injury by
choosing Dr. Max Magnus who had
been expelled from the club, as one of
the members of the State Committee.
In consequence there is weeping in the
Maguire gubernatorial camp, and
James Gallagher Maguire is at present
doing some heavy thinking in the hope
of extricating himself from a position
that will cost him hundred of votes un
less the matter is satisfactorily ad
justed.
When the German Democratic Cen
tral Club met at Pythian Castle Mon
day night the matter of the slight
shown the organization by Maguire
was taken up for consideration. Many
of the members were in anything but
a pleasant frame of mind and some fa
vored the Indorsement of the State
ticket outside of Maguire.
B« veral ot the personal friends of
Maguire went to his rescue and argued
that they were satisfied that no slight
was intended, and that Maguire would
be able to prove himself innocent of
any such intention when he named
Dr. Magnus as one of his committee
men.
Alter a lengthy discussion a commit
tee was appointed to draft a set of
resolutions expressing the sentiments
of the club. Fifteen minutes later the
committee reported back as follows:
Whereas, the Democratic Central Club
of San Francisco is one of the oldest po
litical organizations and the most influ
ential among the German voters of this
city; and whereas,' the German Demo
cratic Central Club was one of the first
political organizations indorsing publicly
the candidacy of Hon. James G. Maguire
for Governor of the State of California;
and whereas, a certain Max Magnus, hav
ing been expelled from membership of
the Gorman Democratic Central Club, has
been appointed a member of the State
Central Committee in face of such expul
sion and no representation having been
given to our club in said State Central
Committee. Therefore be it
Resolved, That the members of the
German Democratic Central Club feel
themselves deeply offended and slighted,
ami be it furthermore resolved, that the
action of the candidate for Governor In
appointing an expelled member of the
club to the said State Central Committee
has dampened the ardor of its members
and has calculated to Interfere with the
club's active campaign work.
Resolved, That a copy of this resolution
be presented to. the Hon. James G. Ma
guire. DR. THIELE,
Chairman Committee on Resolutions.
There was wild scurrying among the
Magulre-Gallagherites yesterday to
have the resolution suppressed, as they
feared that if it was given publicity,
many votes would be lost.
Congressman Maguire sent word to
prominent members of the club that
he would like to meet them in -.he
evening at his office in the Mills build
ing. A delegation, consisting of Cap
tain Otto Luders, Captain Kumphof,
R. G. >$Valke. Charles Keisel. Dr.
Thielo, F. Kosbiel, F. Schilling: and Os
car Hocks met him at his office, and
for over an hour they discussed the
situation. Maguire found himself in a
most embarrassing position. He couli
not withdraw the appointment of Mag
nus without incurring his enmity and
the displeasure of Magnus* friends. On
th<> other hand, the resolutions present
ed at the German Democratic Central
Club showed that the slight would not
go unresented. After pondering over
the matter for a timeWaguire <>aid that
while he had filled all the places at his
dis-osal on the State Central Commit
tee, there remained a possibility that
porno one might decline. In that event
he promised that the Gorman Demo
cratic Central Club would have the
fillinp- of the vacancy. In addition he
promised th.it if no vacancy occurred
h" would appoint a member of the club
on his advisory committee.
The names of six prominent German
Deocrats were then presented to him
for consideration, and the delegation
withdrew. There the matter stands, at
present, and Magulre is still worrying.
DEMAND PRIMARIES.
Democrats of the Thirty-Second As
sembly District Meet and
Adopt Resolutions.
The Thirty-second Assembly District
Democratic Club met last evening at 503
Ninth street and adopted the following
resolution:
Resolved. That we. the Democrats of the
Thirty-second Assembly District, believ
ing in Democratic principles, do hereby
request the State Central Ccmmlttee to
order a primary to elect delegates to the
municipal convention of the city and
county uf San Francisco, and that a com
mittee be appointed to consist of the
chairman and secretary to present this
resolution.
A Julius Xahn Club.
The Republicans of the Thirty-first As
pembly District met Monday evening and
organized a Julius Kahn club. The fol
lowing officers were elected: President,
Matt L. Tierney; vice president. William
Downs; secretary. Park Wall; treasurer,
James Lawler; sergeant at arms, G. Do
land; executive committee— R. Downs,
Will Tierney and E. Murry. The club In
dorsed Henry T. Gage for Governor, the
Republican State ticket, and Julius Kahn
for Congressman from the Fourth Dis
trict. The club also indorsed Patrick
O'Connor for county commttteeman. Sev
enty-five new members signed the roll.
REPUBLICANS ORGANIZE,
A Gage and Neff Club Formed by
Voters in the Twenty-Ninth
Assembly District.
The Gage and Neff Club of the Twenty
ninth Assembly District was organized
last evening at 233 Natoma street. The
following officers were elected: Sam Solo
mon, president; Joe Carroll, vice presi
dent; George Maclin, secretary; Joseph
Broekman, treasurer; William Wilson;
sergeant at arms; executive committee-
Thomas F. Burns, Charles Rick, John M.
Flinn, A. Vincent, Robert Jerome, Charles
Carlton, R. Blodes; campaign committee —
Sam Solomon. R. Biodes. George Maclin,
James Brosnan. Joseph Broekman.
The club will meet regularly every Mon
day evening and intends to spare no ef
fort to Insure the success of the Repub
lican ticket. After speeches by Sam Solo
mon^ R. Blodes, George Maclin. Joseph
Broekman and others a resolution was
introduced by Sam Solomon indorsing the
candidacy of Julius Kahn for Congress in
the Fourth Congressional District.
POPULISTS CLOSE
UP THE GAPS
LOCAL FTJSIONISTS PREPARE
FOR THE CAMPAIGN.
May Indorse the Best Candidates on
the Republican and Demo
cratic Tickets.
The Gillespie-Klnne-Silvey wing of the
local Populist party met last night to fill
vacancies in the county committee caus
ed by the withdrawal of the mlddle-of the
road men, who objected to fusion and Ma
guire. Dr. John A. Miller was in the
chair and George A. Clough acted as sec
retary.
Reports were received showing that the
following new county committeemen had
been chosen at the last meeting.
Thirty-third District— John A. Carter.
George H. Clough, D. E. Slack. J. L.
Slefke. M. E. Douglass, E. Raymond,
Thirty-fourth District— Frank Peck.
Thirty-sixth District— John Prosek.
Thirty-seventh District— H. D. Green.
Thirty-eighth District— Aaron Wash, F.
D. Wilson, B. Rosenberg, C. Cohn, James
Raggett.
There are a number of other vacancies
remaining to be filled.
The question was raised as to whether
it would be advisable to place a straight
local ticket in the field at the next elec
tion. G. D. Gillespie and A. B. Kinne
spoke in favor of indorsing the best men
nominated by the Democrats and Repub
licans.
It was finally decided to leave the mat
ter to the executive committee for set
tlement.
The executive committee was found to
be twelve members short and nine of the
places were filled by the election of A. B.
Kinne, J. M. Ouster. W. E. Walker,
George T. Silvey, R. L. Ryfkogel. James
Haggett. Charles Hargart. A. Crooker and
H. D. Green. The remaining vacancies
will be filled at the next meeting.
The committee then adjourned after
passing a resolution declaring that the
members of the executive committee were
not eligible for any nomination on the
local ticket.
Municipal Reform Party.
A meeting of the Municipal Reform
party's County Committee was held last
evening at 632 Market street, C. G. Nagle
presiding. The committee heretofore ap
pointed on platform made a report. After
discussion the platform as presented by
the committee was re-referred for revis
ion. Names of prospective candidates for
municipal offices were discussed, but the
same were referred to the coming con
vention of 200 delegates. A petition was
received from the Real Estate Agents'
and Property-owners' Association request-
Ing- representation in the coming conven
tion of the party. The petition was re
ferred to the executive committee. The
proportlonment of the delegates to be sent
from the various Assembly districts was
referred to the campaign committee.
Curry Republican Club.
The Curry Republican Club met last
evening in the courtroom of Department
No. 7 of the Superior Court. President B.
A. Tracy in the chair. The following
temporary officers were made permanent-
B. A. Tracy, president; I. Erb, secretary;
W. A. Kemp, treasurer; W. Inglis ser
geant at arms. The members of the ciub
decided in the future to meet in a larger
hall. It was voted that the next regu
lar meeting be held Tuesday evening
September 13. After listening to the elo
quent remarks of Colonel Eddy, the club
adjourned. Forty-five new members
signed the club roll.
Printers Organize a Club.
A large number of printers held an
! enthusiastic meeting last evening at 321
j Sacramento street to organize a Printers'
! James H. Barry Club. Representatives
i of all the printing trades were present
and the club started with sixty-six mem
bers. 8. 11. Jenner was elected president
and John H. Marble secretary. After
adopting resolutions favoring Mr. Barry's
election, the club adjourned to meet
again next Tuesday evening.
Indorsed the Selections.
The Maguire Central Democratic Club
of the Forty-fourth Assembly District
met last evening and heartily approved
the selections made by Judge Maguire of
twenty representative Democrats as mem
bers of the State Central Committee. A
committee was appointed to arrange for
the holding of a district mass-meeting.
Thirty-five new members were enrolled,
making a total of 182 members.
Meeting Postponed.
The executive committee of the Thirty
eighth Assembly District Democratic
Club met at Powers Hall last evening
and decided to postpone the next meeting
of the club from September 8 to Septem
ber 15 on account of the Native Sons' cel
ebration. It was also decided to have
able speakers and some of the State can
didates appear at that meeting.
REPUBLICANS CARRY
VERMONT ELECTION
Elect Their Entire State Ticket and
Probably Every Senatorial
Candidate.
WHITE RIVER JUNCTION, Vt., Sept.
6.— ln the regular biennial Vermont elec
tion to-day the Republicans elected their
entire State ticket.
Governor— Edward C. Smith, St. Albans.
Lieutenant Governor— Henry C. Bates,
St. Johnsbury.
Treasurer— John L. Bacon, Hartford.
Secretary of State— F. A. Holland, Mont
pelier.
Auditor of Accounts— O. M. Barber, Ar
lington.
Members of Congress— First District, M.
Henry Powers. Morristown: Second Dis
trict. William M. Grout, Kirby.
It is probable that the Republicans havr>
elected their entire list, of thirty Sena
tors. Twenty-nve Democratic representa
tives are reported elected in the 116 towns
thus far hoard from. The Democrats
polled about the same vote as four years
ago, while the Republican vote has ma
terially decreased.
CLAIMS AGAINST THE STATE.
One for the Expenses of the National
Guardsmen.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 6.— The State
Board of Examiners held a meeting this
afternoon in the Governor's office, the
Governor being present, and passed the
regular monthly bills. In addition to this
it recommended to the coming Legisla
ture that it make appropriations for tne
payment of a large number of bills. The
most notable bills were 410,000 for chang
ing the sewerage system at the Folsom
penitentiary, and $5000 for Adjutant Gen
eral Barrett for expenses under the call
for the National Guard.
The claim of J. W. Bird of Sacramento
for a reward of $600 for the arrest and
conviction of his brother-in-law, Frank
Belew, the Dlxon poisoner, was referred
to the Attorney General. William T.
Hamilton applied for the reward of $1000
offered for the arrest and conviction of
Ivan Kovalev. The matter was referred
to the Attorney General.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 189 S.
ALL DEPENDS ON
THE GRAND JURY
Oakland Office-Seekers
in Jeopardy.
ALLEGED FRAUDS THE ISSUE
COMBINATIONS THAT M-^Y NOT
MATERIALIZE.
County Clerk Jordan Makes a State
ment and Claims That His
Enemies Are After His
Scalp.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Lept. 6.
The decision of County Clerk Jordan to
have the Grand Jury investigate the mat
ter of the blank signed certificates of reg
istration bearing his official stamp, and
which were very much in evidence at the
Congressional primary, will no doubt
I bring out much interesting testimony.
The issuance of the certificates, al
i though the basis, is really the least im
portant incident of the present scandal.
It is the effect the controversy may have
on the coming county primary that is in
teresting the politicians.
There is no doubt that the political fate
of Frank Jordan hangs to a great extent
on the outcome of the investigation. In
j the Seventh Ward there are two com
| binations— one embraces Frank Jordan for
County Clerk, Harry Melvin for District
Attorney, and the other Robert. Leckle for
Assessor, James Webster for County
Clerk, and Dr. Derrick for Coroner. This
ward is the strongest Hllborn ward In
Oakland, and it is the Hilborn men who
are making the campaign regarding blank
certificates against Frank Jordan. In
their efforts they are very naturally being
ably supported by the combination op
posed to that in which Mr. Jordan figures.
The Leckie combination is very confl
j dent and declares that It can carry the
I Seventh Ward by a vote of three to one.
; Frank Jordan is more than confident and
I declares that no one can touch his com
j bination in his home ward. Apart from
i these two combinations, every other can
i dldate seeking office on the county ticket
jis perforce interested. Should Jordan win
out, the various combinations he has
I made with candidates in other wards and
I townships will go through. Should Deckle
| win, the Jordan programme will be
\ broken and things will be considerably
disturbed all along the line.
As there will be only one day between
the result of the primary being known
and the opening of the county convention,
any disarrangement of the programme
would leave to the convention rather than
the candidates the task of naming the
nominees.
When the Grand Jury convened this af
ternoon many witnesses were waiting
outside, some of them to testify regard
ing the case of young Mahoney of San
Francisco, who, it Is alleged, voted an
other name at the Congressional prima
ries. Rey. Father Lane of St. Patrick's
Church, San Francisco, formerly of West
Oakland, was summoned for the purpose
of stating the age of Mahoney.
County Clerk Jordan and several oth
ers were witnesses in regard to the cer
tificate business, which had been brought
before that body by the District Attor
ney at the request of the County Clerk.
Mr. Jordan has issued the following
statement regarding his position in this
matter:
"I am now Tnore firmly convinced than
ever that there Is an organized effort on
foot to down me by the use of the worst
kind of politics. No blank certificates
have ever been Issued from my office,
either signed or unsigned, with the seal
of my office upon them. I employed dur
ing the recent registration between 200
and 300 special deputies in various parts
of the county in order to facilitate the
work and make it easier for those who
desired to register. No blank stationery
was Issued to these men, nor were they
permitted to use the seal of mv office.
The seal is firmly attached to a desk ad
joining that of the judgment clerk, in
side of the railing in the general office.
"It is used many hundred times a day
on legal documents and no one is per
mitted to use It except the regularly au
thorized clerks. It Is possible to obtain
access to the office, to take out the blank
stationery and to place the seal on It.
but only after the office is closed and
then It Is supposed to be guarded by a
special watchman.
"In order that no repetition of this out
rage shall occur at the coming county
primary, and in the interests of fair play,
I am, at my own expense, sending out
certificates of registration and transfer to
every one of the voters whose names ap
pear on the register. There are, to be
accurate. 6233 new registrations, and vot
ers thus enrolled will each receive
through the mail a certificate in full
bearing my official stamp. About 5000
voters have been transferred since the
last general election, and each voter so
transferred shall receive a certificate
through the mail."
ALL READY FOR MERCED.
Officers of the Ingleside Park Ar»
Looking Forward to a Great
Outing.
A meeting of the Ingleside Club, which
still retains the name of the Interstate
Coursing Club, was held last evening in
Pythian Castle. A committee consisting
of the following sportsmen was selected
to arrange for an open meeting, which
will be held at Merced In the latter part
of September: Hiram Deckelmann. C. C.
Morris, W. O. Elmer, W. E. Thompson,
D. Dillon, William Halpin and Dominick
Shannon. The committee will perfect all
the necessary arrangements for Its grand
annual outing on Monday next.
The club will hold its produce stake on
October 1 for puppies whelped in 1897, the
entrance fee in which will be $10.
On Friday, Saturday and Sunday of this
week there will be three stakes run off
at Ingleside Park: One for saplings at
$2 50 entrance fee; a maiden stake that
is. for dogs that have not won first, sec
ond or third prizes at a coursing meet
ing, and an open stake, the entrance fee
to which will be $5. The nominations will
be held at Pythian Castle on Thursday
evening.
DIED BY HIS OWN HAND.
BERKELEY, Sept. 6.— W. T. Thayer,
a well-known resident of this city, com
mitted suicide to-night by shooting him
self.
His daughter was reading to him, and
he expressed pleasure at her effortß to
entertain him. Without warning he left
her, walked into the yard and shot him
self. No reason can be offered for the
act. Decedent was 53 years of age, and
has been employed by a lumber firm for
some time. Recently he started In busi
ness for himself and has been doing well
OREGON'S GOVERNOR
COMING TO INVESTIGATE
SALEM, Or., Sept. 6.— Governor W. P.
Lord left this evening for San Francisco,
where he will visit headquarters, camps
and hospitals of the United States troops
to ascertain the exact conditions sur
rounding the Oregon recruits there and
expedite the correction of the alleged
evils.
Finigan Anxious for the Trial.
SAN RAFAEL, Sept. 6.— Colonel A. Fin
igan, by his attorney, J. P. Sweeny, filed
a petition with County Clerk Bonneau to
day, asking that the suit of his wife for
divorce be placed on the calendar for trial
In case the clerk refuses Flnlgan requests
Judge Angelotfl to order the suit placed
on the calendar.
THE CRYSTAL, SWIMMING BATHS.
Phj-BlcianH recommend the Cryital warm at*
water tub and swimming bathi. North Beach.
TRACKING A
MODERN BORGIA
Continued from First Page.
The police are now making every effort
to secure proof that Mrs. Botkin bought
a handkerchief at the City of Paris prior
to the mailing of the box of poisoned
candy on August 4. It has been learned
that the accused woman visited the store
on August 3, and the cash tags of that
day show that one or more two-bit hand
kerchiefs were sold. None of the clerks
who were behind the counters that day
are able to remember to whom they made
sales, but F. A. Reynaud, a bookkeeper,
recalls having cashed a money order for
Mrs. Botkin that afternoon. Referring to
the incident last evening Mr. Reynaud
said:
"Mrs. Botkin frequently cashed money
orders at the desk and she usually came
to me for the accommodation. 1 have
gone over my books and am almost posi
tive that I cashed a postal order from
Stockton for her on that date. I pre
sume the postal authorities will be able
to trace the order. If It is found the. sig
nature of the payee and the date it was
cashed will be readily verified. Besides,
It will contain the indorsement of our
cashier. I do not know whether Mrs.
Botkin made a purchase that day. She
came personally to the desk and pre
sented the postal order. As I had cash
ed orders for her before I did not hesi
tate in giving her the amount of the
note."
Mr. Reynaud's statement adds another
theoretical link to the chain of evideßce
against Mrs. Botkin. Her visit to the
City of Paris joined with the fact that a
handkerchief similar to the one in the
box of poisoned candy is significant, but
does not establish that she bought such
an article. Miss Alice Bolster, a clerk In
the lace department, sold a 2T)-cent hand
kerchief on August 3, but she cannot re
call the person who bought it. She does
not know Mrs. Botkin, and is unable to
say whether she has ever seen the alleged
poisoner.
In her statement to the Chief of Police
the accused woman gave a detailed ac
count of all her movements from July
27 to the day of her arrest at Stockton.
Everything she said has been investigat
ed, and a sinister series of coincidences
follows each date she gave.
She returned from Stockton on the
morning ot" Sunday, July 31. That after
noon, according to the affidavit of the
salesgirl in Haas' candy-store, a woman
of Mrs. Botkin's appearance bought a box
of chocolates and asked the clerk to leave
| space on top of the candy for a "present."
Again, according to the defendant's state
ment, she was ill at the Victoria Hotel
from the 31st of July to the 3d of August,
and did not leave her apartments. On
the 3d she made a call on a friend who
lives on Bush street. This was verified by
the police. Now, Reynaud, the book
keener at the City of Paris, says he
cashed a money order for her on the 3d
of August— another fatal coincidence. On
the 4th of August the death package was
mailed, some time before 6 p. m. Mrs.
Botkin took the train for St. Helena at
3:30 that day. Truly, the woman is most
unfortunate, if she is Innocent.
THE ACCUSED WOMAN
APPEARS IN COURT
Sits Amid a Crowd of Spectators
While the Prosecution Secures
a Continuance of the Case.
The habeas corpus proceedings in the
case against Mrs. Cordelia Botkin are
again continued; this time until Tuesday
morning next at 10 o'clock, and, as be
fore, upon the request of the prosecution
and ready consent of the defense.
For the first time since her arrest Mrs.
Botkin has made her appearance in open
court and the crowd of curious Idlers who
daily line the corridors of the City Hall
have had their long wished for chance of
viewing the celebrated prisoner.
Though the presence of Mrs. Botkin In
the courtroom was not necessary to the
legal aspect of the case, it was highly
essential to the ends of the prosecution
who had their witnesses "so placed In the
courtroom that they would have the op
portunity to identify her if they could,
in fact, Mrs. Botkin's presence was in
compliance with a request from Chief
Lees, to whom it afforded an opportunity
to bring about the necessary identifica
tion without the publicity that would re
sult from an open visit to the defend
ant's cell.
Promptly at 1 o'clock Mrs. Botkin ap
peared before Judge Carroll Cook. She
was accompanied by her sister, Miss
Dora Brown, and by Attorneys McGowan
and Wheeler, with Chief Lees, Captain
Seymour and detectives Gibson and Mc-
Vev following.
Mrs. Botkin shows no bad effects from her
confinement or recent illness. In her
Jaunty tailor gown, of blue serge and hat
and plumes of a color to 'match she was
even more attractive than on the day of
her arrest.
Notwithstanding that her Intended ap
pearance in court had been kept a dead
secret there was a greater crowd to greet
her than could find seats in the court
room, and It was only after Judge Cook's
gavel had thrice announced order in the
court that the running fire of comment
was suppressed.
Scarcely had quiet oeen effected when
Assistant District Attorney Hosmer arose
and not only began proceedings but prac
tically ended them, by requesting of
Judge Cook that a continuance of one
week be granted. He backed his request
with no reason, but that was supplied by
Attorney Knight, who, in consenting for
a continuance, said:
"I presume, Mr. Hosmer, you ask for
a continuance on the ground that you are
not yet ready to lay your case before
Governor Budd. We will consent, but with
one proviso, and that is that we shall be
Informed when the requisition papers are
ready to go before the Governor."
There was a noticeable hesitation on the
part of the prosecution, but after a word
from Chief Lees the stipulation of the
defense was acceded to, and Judge Cook
ordered the continuance to Tuesday, di
recting Mrs. Botkin to appear before him
on that day.
It was further agreed between prosecu
tion and defense that the hearing of the
AN ELEVATOR FALLS THREE FLOORS
The Occupants, a Trio of Carpenters, Narrowly Escape
Death Amid Crashing Timbers and
Broken Machinery.
John Robinson, John Hansbrough, and Frerl Esker, carpenters employed
on the Kile building now in course of construction on Third street, near
"Stevenson, sustained serious Injuries late yesterday afternoon by the fall-
Ing of a temporary elevator on which they were riding.
The hoist was loaded with twenty-foot flooring, and the men were go
ing to the seventh story to unload it. When near the third floor there was
a snapping of timbers at the top of the shaft, and with a crash the ele
vator, with Its human freight and lumber, dropped to the basement. The
heavy wheel over which the steel cable moved dropped simultaneously
and just grazed young Hansbrough's head, embedding itself in the floor of
the elevator. . I
Worklngmen throughout the building dropped their work and rushed to
the aid of their fellow-workers. Officers T. C. Murphy, John Cronln, D.
Drlscoll and W. M. Eskew attended to sending the men to the Receiving
Hospital. Steps had to be hammered on to the planking leading from the
cellar to the open street, and It was with great trouble that the men were
conveyed to the waiting ambulances. Electric cars clanged their way |
through the gathering crowd, narrowly grazing those who w^re anxious to
view the injured men.
Esker and Hansbrough were removed to the Receiving Hospital, where
it was found that the former had sustained a broken leg and a contusion
of the nose. He also suffered from a chill brought on while lying on the
cold ground awaiting removal. Young Hansbrough's back was strained, and
the bones of his left foot were broken.
Robinson's injuries are not known owing to his removal to his home at
5 Ridley place. While being placed In the ambulance he complained of se
vere pains in his leg, due to the severe shock. He was also more or less
bruised about the head and body, as were his companions, through the
falling lumber.
The springing of a joist at the top of the shaft Is advanced as the
cause of the accident. The wheel upon which the cable moved was thrown
out of position and toppled down the shaft, followed by the long cable.
Harry Stoffels was in charge of the stationary engine which was used
to work the elevator, and his first knowledge cf the accident was the slack
rope that piled on him. He shut off steam and Joined his assistants In
caring for the Injured men.
According to J. W. Hansbrough, a partner to Robinson, one of the in
jured men, who were erecting the building, the elevator had been in use
since the beginning of work, three months ago. Heavy joists had been
raised to the upper stories by the elevator, and no fear was felt for its
safety. He also said the elevator made from 300 to 400 trips a day.
Its further service has been Impaired, as the lumber with which it was
loaded crashed through the floor and embedded Itself in the earth for
nearly a foot.
case before Judge Joachimsen. calendared
for 10 o'clock this morning, would also go
over for a week.
This agreement was arrived at upon the
advice of Judge Cook, who gave it as his
opinion that until Governor Budd had
either denied or granted the petition for
requisition, action in either habeas cor
pus or criminal cases would be of no ef
fect.
The scene In court occupied not over
fifteen minutes. There were no witnesses
to be examined and no questions to be
asked. The defendant took no more part
than a spectator, though she was the cen
tral figure. It was pimply the working
out of a partly prearranged plan, and at
the end trie crowd in the court room fol
lowed the defendant and her escort out
as they had followed her in, orderly yet
curiously, and with a hum of almost sup
pressed comment that was generally fa
vorable to its subject.
PREPARING A PILE
OF mFFIDAVITS
A Great Quantity of Evidence Will
Be Presented to the Governor
Requesting Extradition.
Chief Lees now expects to have the case
ready for Governor Budd's consideration
by Thursday night.
Yesterday was spent by the prosecution
as was the day before, not In a search for
fresh evidence, but in the preparation of
evidence already in hand for the extra
dition proceedings.
Affidavits are rapidly piling up on the
Chief's desk, but many more remain to
be taken, notably that of Expert Kytka,
whose comparisons and analyses of the
different handwritings will carry a great
part of the weight of the prosecution's
evidence. A good part of yesterday was
spent in the tabulating of the 100 and odd
negatives that he has prepared of the
numerous exhibits of evidence.
Mrs! Rauof was on hand again early In
the morning to add some supplementary
evidence to her affidavit of Monday.
Nearly all of the young women employed
by Haas & Co. will be called upon for
evidence whether they have any or not,
and it is evident that the prosecution will
rely rather upon the bulk of Its evidence
than upon its weight to influence Gover
nor Budd in his decision.
WAR IN CAMP OF
SILVER REPUBLICANS
Senator Teller Causes the Retirement
of Prominent Gommitteemen
in Colorado.
DENVER, Sept. 6.— Charles A. Towne,
chairman of the Sliver Republican Na
tional Committee, arrived in this city to
day. He comes for the purpose of urging
the Silver Republicans to 'stand firmly by
Senator* Teller and defeat the attempt
which, it is said, is being made by sup
porters of Senator Wolcott to prevent fu
sion of Silver Republicans with the Dem
ocrats and Populists in the coming cam
paign.
Late this afternoon Chairman Towne
removed Richard Broad from the position
of chairman of the Silver Republican
State Committee of Colorado and William
R. Freeman from the position of Secre
tary of the same committee, on the
ground of disloyalty to the Silver Repub
lican party *and the cause it stands for.
Chairman Towne appointed James H.
Blood of Denver chairman of the State
committee and W. H. Griffith secretary.
This action was taken by Chairman
Towne on representations in writing by j
Senator Teller, Congressman Shafroth
and National Committeeman Stevenson
to the effect that fraudulent contests had
been Instituted In a sufficient number of
counties so that one-half of the State
convention, to be held at Colorado
Springs on Thursday next, would be
made up of contested delegates and that
Chairman Broad and Secretary Freeman'
had joined in a conspiracy to give the
McKinley Republicans or followers of
Senator Wolcott control of the conven
tion and enable them to defeat the pro
posed fusion with Democrats and Popu
lists in the coming campaign.
The effect of Chairman Towne's action
will be \o put the friends of Senator Tel
ler In control of the convention. Chair
man Broad and Secretary Freeman dis
pute the right of Chairman Towne to re
move them and declare they will disre
gard his action.
FAVORABLE REPLIES
TO THE CZAR'S NOTE
Disarmament Congress Probably
Will Meet in St. Petersburg
in November.
LONDON, Sept. 6.— The St. Petersburg
correspondent of the Daily Telegraph
says: Almost all of the European powers
have sent favorable replies to the note
of the Czar, and It is now regarded as
certain that the disarmament congress
will meet in St. Petersburg in November.
NO YELLOW FEVER IN
THE CRESCENT CITY
NEW ORLEANS, Sept. 6.— There Is no
yellow ferer in New Orleans. Dr. Car
ter of the Marine Hospital Service com
pleted his investigation of the two cases
suspected by Dr. Dunn of Mississippi, and
announced that the evidence did not es
tablish the diagnosis of yellow fever.
Was Killed Under an Assumed Name.
REDDING, Sept. 6.— The man known as
John Cummlngs, who was shot and fa
tally wounded /by W« Ford Spencer at
Balls Ferry on Wednesday, August 24,
has been identified as John J. Noonan. A
few days ago M. W. Noonan arrived here
from San Jose and declared that Cum
minga was his father and that his right
name was John J. Noonan. The son in
vestigated the circumstances of his
father's killing and then returned to his
home, convinced that his parent met his
death on justifiable grounds. John J.
Noonan had been estranged from his
family for many years, and during that
time had twice been an inmate of the
Agnews Insane Asylum. A part of the
Noonan family live near Salinas City.
THE EMPORIUM.
*¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥9**os*
'Buchanan Read's great historical painting, : J
Sheridan' s Ride now to be seen in Art Room, on •*
second floor, free, and a copy of Read's poe-m, Slier %
dan's Ride," will, be given to every visitor as a souvenir. J
This store closed Friday, Sept. — Admission Day. j
A three-hour morning sale of more than usual interest to- «
day. These prices only from 9A. M. until noon. J
- - 4
0\ Wool
ff) Mixed
/W\ vests
I h\j and
Wmf Pants.
\\m • Ladies' Ex"tr a
V Heavy Camel's
■JJI f/ 33 " Hair and Wool MLxedj
\' f j Vests and Pants —
\i I 7 /^ .-" non-shrinkable, silk
\ ' //■-' bound-7-sizes 30 to
-— -4^, =a 44 — on sale to-day
—pA ocrr irom 9 to 12 only,.
.^b^* per garment
50c.
House Furnishings 9
to 12.
6-quart White Enameled Tea and
Cotfee Pots — regular price $1.25 ** —
— from 9 to 12 only tc-day D3C
White Enameled Stew Pans—
quart size — 'rom 9 to 12 to-day (if
the quantity on hand lasts that A
Ion?).:.. Z^IC
Steel Enameled Fish Boilers—
$1.25 size — 16 inches long .90c
1. 50 size— lB inches long 51.00
$1.75 size 20 inches long .$1.15|
Heavy Retinned Milk Pans— 6- o j
quart size— from 9 to 12 to-day.... "C
Large Round Fine Wire Flour Sieve
— wood rim— from 9to 12 to-day. -^ j
Granite Steel Saucepans —
— for three hours, each..r?r..
. .......;........ ."^«C
Isc Tooth Brushes Be.
"Our own brand" good quality
— selected stock— bone handle—
a good value — 15c brush— special -n
from 9 to 12 to-day OC
$1.00 Sash 4Qo yards of
oasn best quality all
Ribbon 58c. silk double faced
niooon 301. Black Satin Sash
Ribbon— regular price $1 yard— [»q
from 9 to 12 to-day. OOCj
Hn<U> Slin- Babies', Chil
nOSe OUp drens and Misses'
nnrtprc - Side. Hose Sup-
poriers oc. porterSt with bu
ton clasp — made of superior quality
lisle elastic. and web — special 9 to —
12 sale price, per pair 3C
$3.50 Rugs for $1.75.
Large All-wool Smyrna Rugs— 6ox
30 inches— Oriental and Persian pat-
terns — fringed both ends— reversible—
regularly $3.50 each— 9 to 12 -»- 7( .
to-day m>l. /
_» .- : ~~~~ : — . ■ . *
P Ooid^nßule Bazaar. ■
YACHTS UNDER RACING
CANVAS ADMISSION DAY
MANY CLASSES REPRESENTED
BY CRACK BOATS.
Entries for Third Annual Regatta of
Pacific Interclub Yacht Asso
ciation Promises Good
Sport.
/ * *
The following entries have been re
ceived for the third annual regatta of the
Pacific Interclub Yacht Association to
be sailed on Friday, Admission day.
20-foot special class— Owner, J. E. McCul
lough; yacht, Petrei; rig-, sloop; racing length,
; T. L. Miller, Idler, sloop, ; P. East
wood, Klttiwake, sloop, 16.26; Arthur Page,
Doris, sloop, 15. S9.
25-foot class— J. E. Auzerals, Papoose, sloop,
25; A. M. Clay, Sea Fox, sloop. 21.17; P. W.
Hurndall, Merope, sloop, 22.70; R. R. l'Homme
dleu and •S. C. Delamater, Phoenicia, sloop.^
"30-foot ciass— L. I. Gale, Mist, sloop, 25.19;
J. \V. Pew, Truant, sloop, 29.24; C. A. Wester
feld and K. H. Morrow, Aeolus, sloop, Z5.43;
R. B. Mitchell, Fawn, sloop, 26.08; G. F.
Gaither. U and I, sloop. 26.66.
36-foot class— George Miller, Occident, sloop,
34.73; E. F. Sager, Edna, sloop, 34.1 i; E. N.
Walter and McLaughlln Brothers, Embla,
sloop, 33.33. _ _
44-foot class— A. F. Toung and T. Ransome,
Clara, sloop, 35.60; E. Donohoe Speedwell,
sloop, 36.32; E. B. Lathrop. Pride, sloop. 36. o3
Special yawl class— H. 8. Pratt, Idler, 41.03;
T. L. Miller, Spray, 29.50; H. W. Brydges,
At 11^50 a. m. a long blast will be sounded
on the whistle of the Judges' boat and the flag
G of the code hoisted at the bow as preparatory
signals. At 11:55 the preparatory flag will be
hauled down and the blue peter hoisted. At
12 noon the blue peter will be hauled down and
two whistles blown as starting signals for the
special 20-foot and yawl classes and the flag
J set as the preparatory signal for the 25-foot
class. The preparatory flag for each class will
remain up for flvsr minutes, then It will be
hauled down and the blue peter hoisted. After
the blue peter has remained up for five m'n
utes it -will be taken down, the starting
whistles blown and the preparatory flag for
the next class hoisted.
The preparatory flags will be as follows: Q
for the 20-foot class (special) and the special
yawl class; H for the 20-foot class; J for the
25-foot class; X for the 30-foot class; L for the
36-foot class, and M for the 44-footers.
The starting signals will be as follows: 20
foot special class and special yawl class, two
whistles at 12 noon; 25-foot class, three
whistles at 12:10 p. m. ; 30-foot class, * four
whistles at 12:20 p. m. ; 36-foot class, five
whistles at 12:30 p. m. ; 44-foot class, six
whistles at 12:40 p. m.
If the judges desire to recall a yacht that
has crossed the starting line the international
code pennant will be set, and under it the
signal letters denoting the yacht. A series of
sharp whistles will be blown on the judges*
boats to call the attention of those on board
the yacht to the fact that a recall signal is
being shown.
Smaller yachts will receive from larger onea
a time allowance calculated according to the
Seawanhaka-Corlnthlan table of 1895.
Yachts will be allowed five minutes within
which to cross the starting line, and If they
cross later their time will be taken from the
last second of the flve-mlnute period.
There will be three courses: The "short,"
estimated at ten nautical miles; the "middle,"
estimated at fourteen nautical miles, and the
"special," estimated at five nautical miles. The
mosquito fleet, of 20 feet facing length and
under, will sail over the "special course," the
"short course" will be taken by yachts of the
20-foot and 25-foot classes and yawls, and the
I THE EMPOEIUM.
Tf&hlp I iriPfi Bleached Table 4
Id^ie Lin«H DamaS strictly 3
Q£ r YarH all' linen — Irish «
3Jt ldrUt ake— 63 inches «
wide — assorted designs— staple *|
50c per yard value — to-day., from o — **
9to 12, at...... J3C ■*
GrOCerY These reductions «g
Snpri^ilc from re<2ular rices J
CJpeLldi^. are for Wednesday |
and Thursday — two days. Ask ♦
for our catalogue of lowest groc- 5
cry prices. . <
Ghirardelli's Cocoa— £-lb cans— for J
two days.... - 40c 2
Sal Soda — 30 lbs f0r..,. .....25c 5
Sun-cured — regularly 54c ib — «§
for two days.... ~ 45c <£
This brand will please, more people than *$
any other tec used. *J
Cherries in Marisqiiino — regularly 2
70c b0tt1e..... _ „ 65c 4
18-oz bottles Pimolas — 50c 4
— for two days. „ __. 45 C •*
Russian Caviar— %* — If9l **
special ~... 30c .« <
Liquors — Two T\ 1
Days. L J
American Malt Whis- ' JWL 5
key— quart bottles— /^A\fK A
regularly $1 — for twopiuiSßJTO 5
days.... - 80c! ?^Wj£ <
. (As good as Duffy's, or I *
your money back.) I. * 4
Champion urbon JAyn^rl^" *
Whiskey— 93 proof— ree- kjj.s. <Ai <
ularly $3.50 ga110n..52.75 yVfIW J
Domestic — repu t£vvfirr^i 5
larly $1.25 dozen —fo WJfjfnTTflT «
twodavs SLOCj! I 111 |
Your money refunded tj KQjJjJjjjjk *} <
you are not satisfied. .^ "7 4
_.. -«
s^^^ ihis 1
'KlLi^f - oßedo Bed *
#'11!!%/,,,., I^^&J Enamel- 6 *
T T _ "^ r 1-16- 2
b=" . »inch I
posts — brass trimmings — any size — i
from 9to 12 o'clock to-day... -»-> A - "t
:..... .95 *
$4 Mandolins r^ lL 1
From 9to 12, }}{§ I
$2.35. W .--. ;1
! Our $4 American- 2
made ; Mandolins— the. _ ,.
I Italian model— 9 oak g
and maple ribs— special <
to-day for 3 3- JJ 'k 4
; hours^at. vU^&.jj > |j&\ *
This is an excel- ' mlw\k 4
lent instrument to /^pMV: *
|/^r« o«, a«^ our $. j v|Jl
competent teacher I I \W «
\sons with each man- \s^Jr «
\dolin that we sell. . • . *
"middle course" by yachts of the 30-foot, 36
foot and 44-foot classes.
Every yacht will carry its official racing
number on each side of the mair.sail above tho
reef points, at an equal distance from the luff
and the leach. The numbers will ba supplied
by the regatta committee on the day before the
races.
Prize pennants and certificates of merit will
be given to the yacht taking first place In its
class, and prize cups and certificates to the
yacht coming in second.
The Macdonough cup. presented by J. M.
Macdonough. will become the nroperty of the
owner of the yacht making the fastest cor
rected time over the "middle course," provided
that its racing lenfith does not exceed 30 feet.
The Law cup. presented by H. E. Law, ex
commodore of the Pacific Yacht Club, will be
awarded to the owner of the yacht making: the
best corrected time over the "special course,"
in the 20-foot special class.
The Delegates' cup will he won by the owner
of the yacht in the 44-foot class making the best
corrected time over thp "middle course."
Protests must be made In writing and must
b» lodged with the regatta committee at the
Merchants' Exchange before 6 p. m. on the
day after the race.
A California girl writes about her
visit to the Pope in next Sunday's
Call.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
Established 17 Tears.
Diseases and Weakness of Men Only
THESE SUCCESSFUL SPECIALISTS quick-
ly restore partial or complete loss of vital pow-
er In weak. Incompetent and debilitated men,
and permanently cur" in a short time contract-
ed ailments, including: contagious blood poison.
No Pay Till Cured. Free
All dealings and correspondence sacredly
confidential. Thousands cured at home every
year. Private book for men and treatises on
any disease sealed by mail free.
731 Market Street. San Francisco.
TAKE ELEVATOR.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD ft
CO. European plan. Rooms 50c to $1 50 day.
$5 to $8 week, $8 to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room: flre grates In avary
room; elevator runs all night.
56
WEDNESDAY SEPTEMBER 7, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main 18« S.
EDITORIAL ROOJHvS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE 6AN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In trjls city and surroundlrjg towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per montb
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
HEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Bulldin*
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE .....Rlft&a Hous*
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquettc Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clocK- 367 rjayes street, ooen until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clocK. 615 Lar^ln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2513
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW- corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS,
Columbia— "Lost— Honrs "
Baldwin— "A Marriage of Convenience."
Alcazar— -The First llorti" and "Turned Up."
Morosco's — -Shall Wo Forgive Her.
Tivoli-'-RUroleito-"
Orpheum— Vaudeville. »~ .
New Comedy Theater—" The Leading- Man."
Alhambra, Eddy and Jones Vaudeville.
The Chutes— Vaudovillo and Spanish Bull Fight.
Clympla— Corner Mason and Eddy etreets— Specialties.
Mechanics' Pavilion— The Irish Fair,
t:utro's Swimming .
Metropolitan Temple -Concert, Thursday September 8.
State Fair— Sacramento, September 5.
AUCTION SAJ-fca.
By G. H. Umbsen & Co.— Monday, September 13, Real Estate
at H Mont6omery street, at 12 o'clock.
WELLS-FARGO REFORMING.
WELLS-FARGO, an organization given some
unenviable notoriety through its evasion of
the war tax, is now carrying the daily papers
published in this city, and is paying for the necessary
revenue stamps. This is an improvement. There was
a time when the corporation declared that rather than
sustain its share of the war expenses it would decline
to carry the papers. The point of particular interest
is that the private individual has rights as indisputable
as those of a daily paper, and that anybody with a
package to send by express has only to proffer it and
demand that the company affix the stamp. There
will be no ground upon which there can be refusal.
The Wells- Fargo concern has injured itself by its
shortsightedness. Many packages which once would
have been assigned to it for transmission are now
t given to the postoffice. The mail is sure and cheap,
and in patronizing it there is no danger of meeting
an arrogant demand for a revenue stamp. While citi
zens who do not care to enter upon a controversy
may easily avoid the necessity by patronizing the
mails, there are indications that the ultimate reform
of the Wells- Fargo Express must be left to the State
Legislature. Happily this body has the power to im
pose a license based on the profits. When the Legis
lature shall have convened, and the proper committees
have been appointed, the books can be overhauled
and the license determined. It is plain that Wells-
Fargo people do not appreciate the leniency and ac
tual generosity with which they have been treated.
They have been protected, nurtured, and the first op
portunity for them to display gratitude is turned into
an occasion for robbing the public. The public re
sents this. The corporation will understand so later
when called upon to show its books and pay acord
ing to the size of the dividend.
The war tax, compared with the amount the cor
poration has lost and is destined still to lose through
this meanness, would have been a trifle not worth
considering.
CALIFORNIA'S NATIVE SONS.
THERE is about the history of California a
romance which does not mark the history of any
other State in the Union. There is in the word
itself an allurement and a charm. The title is linked
with the tale of the argonauts, the story of gold. Its
•very mention brings up a vision of the days when the
Pacific Cbast was weeks away from civilization, when
long trains laboriously crossed the plains, or ships
came around the Horn bringing loads of brave and
adventurous Americans ready to cast their lots in a
new and untried realm.
That the sons of these bold blazers of the trail of
fortune should have banded is not strange. They
have memories to preserve, legends to perpetuate, a
pride in the achievements of ancestry. The pioneers
were a brave lot. They faced dangers unknown.
They came to this coast eager to partake of the riches
which rumor had told them awaited, but ready for
whatever there should be for their hands to do. They
were not mere speculators, and they did not shrink
from any duty. The realm they found a wilderness
they made to blossom. They founded here a great
commonwealth. They gave to its upbuilding their
best efforts. Some of them lived to see the result.
The sons of these men this week will meet at San
Jose, and best wishes will be with them. They have
much of which to be proud. Their fathers builded
well the foundation upon which rests the secure pros
perity of to-day. Long m»y the Native Sons flour
ish. The reason for their organization will not pass
when the second generation shall have given place to
the third. The native of California will always be
able through this organization to show that he ap
preciates the great State which gave him birth.
About this time there is curiosity to know whether
the ponderous Captain Barnes is going to continue
soldiering or follow the guidance of the string by
which he is attached to his old office.
Secretary Alger ought to sanction the most thor
ough investigation. At the worst it could not hurt
him more than the absence of it would.
The horrors of camp life among the soldiers seem
to have got loose just in time to be useful for cam
paign purposes.
A citizen returned from France says there is not
there much hostility toward America. Why should
there be any?
For a head which the Spanish considered worth
$25,000 cash, that of Aguinaldo seems to have very
little in it.
Dewey should be kept at Manila at least until
Aguinaldo has been tamed.
There are indications that the Czar's olive branch
was loaded.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1898.
ThjE CONGRESSIONAL ELECTIONS.
ONE of the notable features of recent po
litical history in the United States is the regu
larity with which the two great parties have
alternated in control of the House of Representatives.
The success of either party in a Presidential election
has been followed by the success of the opposition in
the Congressional elections two years later. No mat
ter how great was the majority that carried a Presi
dent into office, he has had to confront a hostile Con
gress before his term was over.
The record of these alternations is giving the fusion
leaders a great deal of satisfaction at this juncture.
With no important issue on which to make the cam
paign, with no definite policy to propose to the peo
ple on any question, and without competent states
men to direct and control the organizational^ oppo
sition to the administration this year would be for
lorn indeed if it were not for a belief that the people
are willing to make a change Simply for the sake of a
change, and that as they voted against Harrison's ad
ministration without cause in 1800 so they will vote
against that of McKinley this year.
The hope is not without a considerable basis of
reason. The oscillations in our politics have been ex
treme, and no doubt some of the causes which led to
the changes in the voting of the past exist to-day. A
large number of people vote for a President in the ex
pectation of attaining an office, or of getting some
direct personal gain, and being disappointed they be
come "soreheads." In the ensuing election these
classes either antagonize the administration or else
remain inactive during the campaign and discourage
the efforts of others. Moreover, as the party out of
power can always promise more than the party in
power has performed, it thus catches a large propor
tion of the votes of dissatisfied people. These ele
ments of opposition exist to-day as much as in the
past, and they constitute one of the dangers against
which the Republicans must be on guard in every
Congressional district.
While among Republican workers there should be
no indifference to the discontents of the'disappointed
office-seekers and rainbow-chasers who followed the
leadership of McKinley four years ago, there are
abundant reasons for believing they will be far less
numerous and less dangerous than such classes have
been in the off-year campaigns of the past. The pros
perity promised by the Republican party in 1806 has
been so splendidly fulfilled by the results of the
Dingley tariff and the maintenance of the gold stan
dard; the whole conduct of the administration has
been in every way so helpful to all sections of the
Union and all interests of industry; and the tact and
patriotism of the President himself has been so con
ciliatory to every class of people, that it is certain
the number of persons discontented with the adminis
tration is nothing like as great as that of those who,
having voted for Harrison or for Cleveland for the
Presidency, turned away two years afterward and
either voted against the President's party y did not
vote at all.
The people, in fact, are no longer in a mood for
political oscillations. Change for the sake of change
is not so attractive as it was. We have now experi
mented with a free-trade tariff and with an assort
ment of silver purchase acts, and the experiments are
sufficient for this generation. Discontented people
there are, and kickers and soreheads in every Con
gressional district, but they will not be numerous
enough to defeat administration candidates in many
places. In the meantime Republicans should resolve
ta take no chances, but carry on the canvass as vig
orously as if the foe were as dangerous as it thinks
itself.
ROUSING Th|E OLD MONOPOLY.
OF the progressive capitalists of this city who
have carried the Valley Road to success and
are now ready to provide it with connections
with the transcontinental lines it may be said they are
not only energetic themselves, but are the cause of
energy in others. Even the Southern Pacific Com
pany, which for so long a time has been averse to
railway improvements in California, has been roused
from the apathy produced by an over confidence in
the permanence of its monopoly, and is now prepar
ing to undertake the work of improving its own lines.
It is now announced that improvements will soon
be made by the Southern Pacific in the passenger
service between this city and the San Joaquin by the
Niles route. The traveling public has long asked for
a better service over that line, but the asking has
been hitherto in vain. The company, it was said, could
not afford it, and the officials were certain the de
sired improvements would not pay. A change has
now come over the counsels of the old monopoly.
The company perceives that when the Valley Road
completes its rapidly progressing line from Stockton
to Point Richmond the old service by Niles will not
pay and that a better one must be provided or the
line will have hardly any patronage at all.
This result of the enterprise of the projectors of
the Valley Road is not surprising. It was foreseen
from the start that the new road would rouse the
Southern Pacific and cause it also to enter vigorously
upon the task of improving and extending the trans
portation system of the State. The first gain was the
reduction in freight rates through the San Joaquin
caused by the competition, and now comes the im
provement affecting the section through which the
Niles route runs.
The benefits to be derived from the renewed ac
tivities of the old monopoly will not end with these.
The opening of a line connecting the Valley Road
with the lines in the southern part of the State will
compel the Southern Pacific to fulfill its promises
and obligations to the people of the coast counties
and close the gap in the line running through that
section of the State. That improvement in our trans
portation system should have been made years ago,
but while the monopoly continued nothing was done!
Now that transcontinental competition is assured the
people along the coast will get their through line at
last.
During the last fiscal year California led all the
States of the Union in railroad building. That was
accomplished almost wholly by the construction of
the Valley Road. In the coming fiscal year we shall
probably lead again, since it now seems clear that
the Southern Pacific itself, after long asserting that
California needed no more railways, is about to
construct some itself.
French officials are accused of having connived at
the suicide of Colonel Henry. Suicide, however, is a
difficult thing at which to connive. Possibly they
employed hypnotism.
There is a suspicion that the Maguire campaign
hat reached its present condition of partial collapse
by having been talked through overmuch.
Dan Cole will hereafter coin money, but his
specialty will continue to be the honor of resembling
Lincoln.
It is safe to say that if Schley shall come to the Pa
cific station the people oiit here will be glad to see
him.
THE YELLOW CAMPAIGN.
WHEN the yellow journals begaji their denun
ciations of the War Department and first set
forth their ghastly and grewsome stories of
starvation and suffering amo*ng the troops in the va
rious camps of the East, not a few people were in
clined to believe their reports. Indeed many of the
earlier reports were quite true. In all wars troops at
the front frequently lack for sufficient supplies, and
when men are taken from a salubrious climate to the
swamps of the tropics they are liable under the best
of circumstances to be attacked by malarial fevers.
These evils to a considerable extent befell our vol
unteers at Santiago, and the suffering they underwent
was sufficient to win for them the sympathy of every
patriotic heart. That sympathy was freely given. No
gross exaggerations of the suffering and the sick
ness were necessary to arouse it. It rose spontan
eously in the breasts of the people as soon as the con
dition of affairs was made known, and prompt was
the responsive offering of money, food, medicines
and delicacies of all kinds for the relief and the com
fort of the sufferers.
No sooner, however, was this widespread sympathy
made known than the yellow journals seized upon the
opportunity to make a profit out of it. At once a
host of sensational, irresponsible writers of the emo
tional kind was turned loose to furnish the public
daily with tales of pestilence, hunger, famine and
cruelty. Dante hardly painted Inferno in blacker or
more horrid colors than these yellow rhetoricians
used in painting the camps of the American troops.
Estimated by the tales they told, Weyler's treatment
of the Cuban reconcentrados was mild-mannered gen
tleness in comparison to the treatment inflicted upon
our soldiers by their officers and the Government.
All this was bad enough, but there was worse to
come. The yellow journals, having made as much as
they could of the sickness among the troops as a
newspaper sensation, began to turn it to account for
political ends. The fused factions now arrayed in
opposition to the administration are badly in need of
an issue on which to make the campaign. It occurred
to the yellow editors that their camp stories would be
useful as an issue to the faction agitators, and at once
they gave a political turn to the mass of lies by adding
others to the effect that the President and the Sec
retary of War are directly responsible for the death
of every soldier who died of disease.
The malignancy of these charges is by no means
the worse characteristic of them. They have been
insulting to the nation and have tended to blacken
and stain the splendid glory won by the Union in the
war. They have portrayed our Government as viler,
cruder and more inhumanly barbarous to its troops
than any on earth. They have led thousands of
American women to live in fear and dread that more
serious dangers menace their loved ones in the camps
at home since the close of the war than in the
trenches before Santiago: and they have mocked the
honor of brave officers by representing them as cow
ards and thieves.
Such is the policy of attack the yellow journals
have outlined for the fusionists. It remains to be
seen whether any of them will be base enough to
adopt it. The Examiner has led the way in this State,
but as yet no speaker has followed the lead. It will
be well for them, indeed, if they abstain. Trying to
evade the single tax, land confiscation record of Ma
guire by such tactics would be a striking instance of
avoiding the road by taking to the mire.
PLEASING PHASE OF EXTRADITION.
WHETHER Chief Lees succeeds finally in con
vincing himself «f Mrs. Botkin's guilt or not,
it will undoubtedly be a great hardship upon
the lady to go to Delaware for trial. Her friends are
here, her witnesses are here, this is the stamping
ground of her attorneys, and here the chief and his
"tanks" are located. Yet we are constrained to re
mark that the principle involved in her extradition is
extremely important, and also that if decided by
Governor Budd against her it will at once relieve a
long standing and congested department of the law
in California.
If Mrs. Botkin can be extradited and sent to Dela
ware for trial W. R. Hearst of the yellow Examiner
can be extradited and brought to San Francisco for
the same purpose. A charge of criminal libel is
pending against Hearst in one of the courts of this
city upon which it has been impossible to try him.
He is not a fugitive from justice, not having been
here since the crime was committed, and the lawyers
engaged in the case have been compelled to drop the
prosecution until he ventures into the State. As the
yellow fellow is never likely to visit California and
stand trial, or constitute himself a fugitive from jus
tice by appearing and running away, he is practically
beyond the reach of our people.
A decision adverse to Mrs. Botkin would, however,
present the large number of men in California who
are anxious to meet Hearst an opportunity to force
an interview. The Examiner's libelees are as
numerous as leaves in the bowers of Vallombrosa.
Indeed, they are known to constitute a small army.
Were he to visit this city and were they to meet him
at the ferry, no political hero would be more warmly
or numerously "received." These gentlemen all re
gard the Botkin case with interest. They are filled
with a desire to once more cast their eyes upon the
yellow journalist, and they perceive a beacon of light
in that litigation.
We do not exactly hope the Governor of Dela
ware will get possession of Mrs. Botkin; that would
bf a rather unfeeling sentiment to express at this
moment of her danger and distress. But it is not out
of place to remark that if she shall be compelled to
go to Delaware, Mr. Hearst can be compelled to
come to San Francisco. The question is, Will the
end justify the means? Perhaps Mrs. Botkin could
be induced to make the sacrifice. Certainly if she
desired to benefit this community she could discover
no better cause in which to serve it than to aid us in
getting Hearst out here and into one of our jails.
Up to* the present time we have been unable to ac
count for the earnestness with which Chief Lees has
advocated extradition. It is now as plain as a pike
staff. He wants to establish a precedent by which he
can get Hearst into one of his "tanks." Good boy,
Chief. The entire State is with you in this matter,
and may success crown your efforts.
Whether Captain Henry committed suicide or was
assisted across the border, there seems no doubt but
he carried a number of secrets with him.
The Oregon's chaplain is to be court-martialed. It
seems that he not only talked too much, but was
injudicious in selection of a text.
Count Esterhazy may not be a guilty wretch, but
after contemplating his picture awhile one would find
difficulty in believing it.
As to the disarmament of Europe, every nation
there is willing that any other nation there shall try
the experiment.
Rumors that Russia and China are in a secret pact
recall that the lion and the lamb once made a com
bination,
GORDON AVENGED, AND WHAT IT MEANS.
After thirteen years Chinese Gordon, the martyr of Khartoum, has been
avenged. Thousands of Dervish skeletons, bleaching on the sandy Sou
dan desert/ attest the fact that the long arm of the British Empire has at
last stretched itself toward the innermost regions of Africa. The re
venge has been slow in coming, but it is all the more effective. The Kha
lifa and his fanatical followers have paid dearly for their perfidy. The
prestige of British arms has been firmly established throughout Upper
Egypt, and one of the strongest fanatical outbreaks of the century has been
utterly crushed. Egypt, regenerated by a long period of rest and good
government, has won back the lost equatorial provinces that Sir Samuel
Baker conquered for her in 1870, and a flood of light will now be thrown
upon what has hitherto been one of the darkest and least known regions
of the globe.
It is no wonder that the magnificent victories at Atbara and Omdur
man have sent a thrill of Joy from one end of the British Empire to the
other; that is to say, around the globe. To a large section of the British
public Gordon has always appeared in the light of a martyred hero, sacri
flced^by the neglect and procrastination of the political party then in
power. His followers erected a splendid statue to him in Trafalgar Square,
and last Sunday, when the news of the British victories reached London,
the scene must have been most impressive. Thousands of people as
sembled in the great square, under the very shadow of Nelson, who looked
down upon the gathering from his lofty memorial column. And there,
with song and prayer, the avenging of Gordon was fittingly celebrated,
his statue was decked with garlands, paeans of victory resounded every
where, for all England felt that the stigma of a great national disgrace had
been removed.
However, apart altogether from the question of revenge, the results of
this forward movement will be stupendous, reaching even farther than we
can at present forecast. It is not merely that Britain, through Egypt, has
added to her empire a province measuring some two million square miles,
populated by twenty or thirty million people. She has opened for trade
one of the most fertile regions of the world, the Upper Nile basin, and haa
laid, on solid rock, the foundations of a great African empire. Nothing
now stands in the way of the accomplishment of Sir Cecil Rhodes' great
dream. The Napoleon of the Cape may yet see a railway from Capetown
to Cairo, running all the way through British territory. He may live to
bring the whole eastern coast of Africa under the national rule, throwing
open to commerce the densely populated and immensely productive regions
of Central Africa. It is a fitting sequel to the pioneer work of Baker and
Livingston, Gordon and Stanley.
No wonder that such an event has had a marked effect on European
politics. But a few years ago, at the time of the abortive Transvaal ris
ing, the Emperor of Germany openly sympathized with the Boers, and
brought his nation to the brink of war in consequence. Popular feeling in
England rose to the boiling point. The antagonism to Germany was so
strong that it actually extended to commercial circles, and for a time all
German made goods were boycotted by the British. Nothing but the
rapid mobilization and dispatch of a powerful naval squadron prevented
war, for even the hot headed young Emperor saw that it was time to re
frain from further action. h
To-day the same Emperor is the first to send a telegram congratulat
ing the Queen on the splendid victory achieved by her troops. He addresses
his soldiers in language appreciative of the English. Everything indicates
that the Anglo-German alliance is an accomplished fact, and is going to
prove a potent influence in European politics. Also in America, for .we
cannot ignore the truth that, since the war with Spain, we have become one
of the great powers, and may no longer excuse ourselvf^ under the plea
that Europe's business is none of ours. For good or evil, the thing has
been done, and the United States has definitely taken her place in what
diplomatists facetiously call the European concert.
Even France, chafing bitterly under secret resentment, feels bound to
applaud, for the Temps, an official organ, remarks: ''A march so scienti
fically planned may be likened to the solution of a mathematical equation."
Coming from such a source, this is high praise, indeed, for the victory em
phasizes, with a finality which can never be undone, the utter rout of
French schemes in Egypt. At one time, during the second empire, French
interests were everywhere supreme in the Khedive's land. The language
was generally spoken in educated circles, the finances of the state were con
trolled by Frenchmen; even the Khedive's court was modeled on that of
Napoleon 111. It was an era of unlimited display and extravagance. The
unfortunate fellah groaned bitterly under his load of taxation, but there
were fine times for Europeans at Cairo. The construction of the Suez
canal, the greatest of all French works, brought millions of money into the
land, but even this triumph of De Lesseps' engineering and financial skill
proved of no permanent benefit to the nation. The control of the canal has
long since passed out of French hands, and England to-day, thanks to Lord
Beaconsfleld's coup, is the largest shareholder.
The decline of French influence in Egypt dates from the bombardment
of Alexandria in 1882. Arabi Pasha's successful revolt against the impo
tent rule of the Khedive compelled European interference. France had her
warships on the scene, as well as England, but at the last moment she
backed out and left the latter nation to do all the work. The task, for
trained forces, was a comparatively easy one. The Egyptian soldier, in
Arabi Pasha's time, was vastly different from what he is to-day. No one
at that date thought he had any fighting blood in him. He was regarded
with utter contempt by European soldiers, and Wolseley, at Tel el Kebir,
walked over his intrenched position with the utmost ease.
From that period the Government of Egypt passed practically into Eng
lish hands, and France strove vainly to regain her lost position. Diplo
matically, and by every other means, she has endeavored to thwart British
rule. On the mixed tribunal, with Russia to aid her, she has systemat
ically opposed every scheme put forward for the fellahs' benefit. Over
and over again she has invited Great Britain, politely and otherwise, to let
go and come out of that; but John Bull has invariably replied that he was
not quite ready; there were still a few little things which required atten
tion before Egypt could be safely trusted to Gallic rule.
France's impotent rage has made her the laughing stock of Europe, and
meanwhile the work of regeneration has gone steadily on. Egypt to-day
is admittedly in a more prosperous condition than at any previous period of
her existence. All the extravagant splendor of an Oriental court has van
ished, and in its place we have a sober, matter-of-fact administration, car
ried on by men who have spent their whole lives governing Orientals.
Hence the taxes are light and the fellah, secure in the possession of his
gains, is rapidly becoming a wealthy peasantry. English non-commis
sioned officers, celebrated in verse by Kipling, took the native army in
hand and the success of the work has been proved beyond dispute by re
cent events. The once despised Egyptian has become a splendid fighting
machine, capable, under efficient leadership, of going anywhere and doing
anything.
Finally, to crown the edifice, we have the recapture of the lost Sou
dan provinces. The Anglo-German alliance places England's position, with
regard to Egypt, on an assured basis. John Bull's valid title to the country
is practically accepted by Europe, and the protests of France and Russia,
now hopelessly isolated, will avail naught. Nor is John Bull likely to let
go of his own accord. On the day when the British soldiers held solemn
funeral service within the walls of conquered Khartoum, they commemor
ated, with patriotic fidelity, the martyr whose death their victorious arms
had avenged. But they also celebrated an enormous accession to the re
sources and power of the British Empire. Gordon is avenged and the em
pire enlarged. It is a happy conjunction of events.
J. F. ROSE-SOLEY.
AN UNEXPECTED SUNSPOT.
VISIBLE TO THE NAKED EYE.
A record of solar observations during the last ten months indicated clearly
that sunspot phenomena were approaching the minimum of the elevenvLm
From October 17, 1597, to March 18, 1898, a period of 151 days the un wa ? h
served on 126 days, during which thirty spots appeared on the disk anT th»ir
various durations caused it to present a spotted aspect on ninety-eijrht d«vJ in
terspersed with intervals of unspottedness amounting in all to twenty l\*h~t
days, the longest interval being fourteen days in the latter half of Octohw Frnm
March 18 to August 15 of the present year, a succeeding period of equal i/neth
observations were taken 113 days, seventy-three of which revealed a state nf
activity due to the coming and duration of nineteen spots; while on tortvflnvJ
the disk was an unbroken white tract, sixteen consecutive days of Spotted
ness having occurred in April. ""- 1 "" 1 ™
The instrument used was a four-inch telescope, with a low nmP r s!r,t
withstanding the marked indications of these compared data the wetted sriar
calms have not yet arrived. On the morning ot September 2 « i«r 
area was discernible close to the limb of the sun. In the attZJ, arge P enum ° ra
was visible, and on the 3d it was seen to be. the largest that h * ?
some years. On the 4th inst. it had changed in form, and on the day Mlowine
the enormous umbra seemed partly divided. As shown i« *i, m "*.
fully divided on September 6th, the large tract VSS™, ing^num^s ill' re
maining entire. This lighter portion is about 51,000 miles in length and extends
from about 8 degrees to 15 degrees south, heliographlc latitude extends
This great disturbance of the sun's surface, which has come out of due sea
son, is now visible without magnifying power; and as it crosses the center of
the disk may be seen for several days, unless the predominating solar calms in
terfere with its duration. EOSP n'Hi TnoAv
San Francisco, September 6. ROSE ° HALLORAN.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
BlCYCLE— Volunteer, Presidio, City.
Bicycle is pronounced as if written bi
slk-1, the first i being sounded as it Is in
pine and the second as In pin.
LAWN GRASS— Subscriber, City. The
most convenient method for cutting lawn
f st*wiv \° Use a lawn mower. The cheap
■man a iawn. tO USe a hand Bickle if it is a
r^ IM S JUICE CORDIAL-Subscrlber.
rirm^M Of the best Preventives against
k e^ ce t ntsonn tson of • lime 3 ulc e : cordial ■isJ to
keep the preparation . in a coot place.
BROWN HAIR-x, City. There are
a number of preparations for the darken
ing of brown or other colored hair, which
can be obtained from any first-class *,
pharmacist.
DEPARTMENTAL SERVICE— G., Boul
der Creek, Cal. The lighthouse service
is included under the civil service rules
in the departmental service.
PEACE— W. F., City. General orders
announced that all volunteers are entitled
to discharge when peace is declared, but
peace has not yet been declared.
THE YUKON RIVER— A Number of
Old Subscribers, City. The Yukon River
Is usually closed by ice from November
to May of each year, and during that
time is unnavigable. It does not freeze
solid The fish found there in summer,
With the exception of salmon; as a gen
eral thing, remain in the river. A tray
. ler writing of the northern country says
that in winter, if not too cold, the In
dians go on the river, cut holes in the
ice. and draw up fish by means of bone
hooks. ______
MTNERS' DRILL CONTEST-Miner,
Coulterville. Cal. At the miners' drill con
test, during the Golden Jubilee, P. and
John Feeney and Joe Larkin entered the
contest on behalf of Nevada County, and
Lewis Page John Kitto and John Dingle
on behalf of Tuolumne County. There
were two prizes, $225 and $120 The drill
ing was fifteen minutes in solid granite.
\t the expiration of that time Nevada
had drilled 36* i inches and Tuolumne 41i s
inches. Tuolumne won the first prize by
4% inches.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
W. R. Forman of Antioch is at the
Grand.
Colonel K. Williams, M. P., is at the
Palace.
Lester L. Morse of Santa Clara is at the
California.
A. Ogden, a mining man of Sonora, is at
the Grand.
Marion de Vries of Stockton is at the
California.
S. H. Callen, a journalist of Williams, is
at the Grand.
W. G. Japper, a rancher of Wheatland,
is at the Grand.
H. H. Seaton, a merchant of Arbuckle,
is at the Grand.
The Rev. Dr. Alexander of Watsonville
is at the Occidental.
N. C. Gregg and family of Honolulu are
guests at the Russ.
John D. Bicknell, a lawyer of Los An
geles, is at the Palace.
A. B. Willis of the Record-Union, Sac
ramento, is at the Runs.
"W. Sharwood. a mining man of Susan
ville, is at the Occidental.
Dr. Harold Sidebotham of Santa Bar
bara is at the California.
W. R. Englebright, a merchant of Ne
vada City, is at the? Lick.
E. C. W. Macdonald, a fruit-grower of
Aptos, is at the Occidental.
Russel ITpath, a big land-owner of
Santa Barbara, is at the Lick.
F. A. Hihn, the capitalist., of Santa
Cruz, is a guest at the Occidental.
D. R. Wilson of Magdalen College, Ox
ford, is among the guests at the Palace.
D. A. Lowry, Joseph Becierdon and J.
H. Holllnshed, of Dawson, are at the
Russ.
W. G. Nevin and son and Dr. N. H.
Morrison of Los Angeles are at the
Palace.
Thomas McMullen, H. A. Ferguson and
wife, and Mrs. A. Calder, of Dawson, are
at the Palace.
W. M. Conley. the Democratic -:ominee
for Justice of the Supreme Court, is reg
istered at the Lick.
M. Wines, the well-known stage pro
prietor of Santa Barbara, registered at
the Grand yesterday.
iiathan Joseph has returned from a visit
to the Omaha Exposition and subsequent
ly an outing at Lake Tahoe.
Mr?. K. N. Beecher, wife of tb.f wealthy
Dawsonite. has just returned from the
Klondike and is at the Occidental.
The Central overland brought in the fol
lowing guests to the Palace: Bruce Cart
wright and son and Miss Cartwright, on
their way to their home in Honolulu; and
J. Lamb Douty of Washington, D. C.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042, •
The Japanese jinriksha-puller who
saved the life of Alexander 111 and re
ceived therefor a present of $10,000, spent
that sum in a few years and then com
mitted suicide.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething- with
perfect success. It soothes the child, soften*
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colio, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teethlnj op
other causes. For sale by Druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Winslow'a Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottU.
First and Second
Class rates again reduced via the Santa T%
route. Call at the new ticket office. 623 Market.
HOTEL DEL CORONADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, Including fifteen days" board at ho
tel; longer etay ?2 60 per day. Apply at 4 New
Montgomery street. San Francisco.
PT.KF.PIF.S.SNKSS, Indigestion and Tain are nor
ors that I'askkr's Ginhkr Tonic will abate.
Pabkek's HaIU Balsam aids the halrsrowtlu
Only the best for the best only. Among th«
Barrels, SS3 Market Bt.
When carbolic arid is to be used as a
disinfectant, it should be mixed with boil
ing- water. It. is more soluble, and the
two combined into a solution will keep
for weeks.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MACKAY'S
FURNITURE
GOING
OUT!
NOT OUT OF STYLE, BUT OUT
OF THE STORE.
This department Is being rapidly
closed out — an opportunity for furnish-
ing a home seldom offered. Take ad-
vantage of it while assortment is still
complete.
Bolid Oak Center Tables 45 C
Solid Oak Dining Chairs 900
Solid Oak Cobbler Rockers $1.T5
Solid Oak Upholstered Arm Rockers
Cedar Box Couch In "6*Dim!!"!.!*7!3s
3-piece Eastern Hardwood Chamber
Sets «12.65
Corduroy Couches *«{ 25
Bed Lounges (patent) $5 25
A LARGE NUMBER of fine odd Par-
lor Pieces— China Closets. Sideboards
DINING TABLES and Chamber SuiU
at positively cost.
THIS SALE is genuine, and we In-
vite your inspection of the values.
CARPETS!
In This Department During
FURNITURE CLOSE OUT
LOW PRICES PREVAIL.
We are now showing a most beauti-
ful and complete line of Carpets In all
grades.
Something new— Rangpur Carpets.. .4sc
An Elegant Quality of Linoleum.. ..450
Special This Week— A Big Line—
LOWELL, Bigelow and Hartford
Axminster, all the rich colorings..
$1,224
SEWED, LAID AND LINED.
ALEX. MACKAY & SON,
715 Market St.WORK OF THE
MUSTER OUT
Much to Be Done Be
fore Men Go Home.
NO TRANSFERS ARE ALLOWED
SOME FEELING STIBRED UP
AGAINST THE EIGHTH.
It Is Claimed That It Had Much to
Do With Bringing About the
Mustering Out of the Sixth
and Seventh.
Among the men of the Sixth and Sev
enth California regiments are quite a
number who. with the officers, do not de
sire to be mustered out. These men and
Officers have an idea that they have bwn
"jobbed 1 ' by the Eighth California, They
go so far as to state that the mustering
out of the Sixth and Seventh was brought
about by the officers of the Eighth, who
wish to remain in service. It is said that
on this account the feeling against the
Eighth is very bitter, and th.it if that
regiment is brought over to the Presidio
and comes in contact with certain men of
the Sixth and Seventh there is consid
erable likelihoou of a collision. The mili
tary authorities have been Informed of
this condition of affairs and will take
fains to prevent anything of the kind oc
curring.
Lieutenant Colonel Carrington goes to
Vancouver, Wash., with four companies
of the Eighth, and Colonel Henshaw with
another battalion will be stationed at
Benicla, three companies go to Fort
Point and one to Alcatraz.
The actual work of mustering out the
Seventh Regiment was commenced yes
terday morning by Captain Pratt. The
preparatory work will consume Borne
time, and It will be at least two weeks
before the regiment leaves for Los An
geles to be furloughed for thirty days,
after which the men will reassemble
there for the purpose of being finally paid
and honorably discharged. Captain Pratt
was in constant communication yester
day with the heads of the various bu
reaus at Washington relative to the
disposition of Government property be
longing at present t'> the regiment.
Captain Danes, who will muster out the
Sixth, will begin work just as soon as the
ther companies of that regiment arrive,
which should be to-morrow night. The
men of the S,ixth are opposed to the thirty
days' furlough, as they will have to sup
port themselves during that time. Their
petition that they be not given a furlough
has been forwarded to the War Depart
ment by General Miller for decision in
the tter.
The following dispatch received yester
day by General Miller from Adjutant
Genera] Corbin places the mustering out
and all questions relative to the same in
the power and discretion of the depart
ment commander, to whom It is directed:
The Secretary of AVar directs In the muster
■out of the Sixth and Seventh California Regi
ments of Vi lunteera that it be done with the
mustering officer under your direct supervision;
that Is, that you give the necessary order for
transportation and subsistence and <d\e the
mustering officer such support and the matter
such attention that there will be no lack of un
derstanding or medicine supplies or subsistence,
until the property Is turned In and these m.-n
relieved from service. This Is a matter re- :
quiring your personal nttention no less than
that of all the etaft . officers of . the etaff der
partment. "
Tn reear<i to the men of these two com
mands joining other organizations. Gene
ral Milk-r has received from the adjutant
"a office the following dispatch:
Thp Secretary of War does nnt deem it ad
visable to transfer men of the Sixth and Sev
enth California Volunteers to other volunteer
regiments that are to remain In the service.
TIRED OF CAMP LIFE.
The Tennessee Soldiers Com-
plain of Poor Food and
Bad Quarters.
Complaints are still pouring In from the
enlisted soldiers, who, tired of camp life,
desire to get back to their homes and
families. The latest "kick" comes from
the Tennessee men, who not only ask to
be mustered out of the service, but who
state that they are not half fed. It is in
the form of a letter addressed to Presi
dent Hugh Craig of the Chamber of Com
merce. As it is somewhat of an anony
mous nature it is not yet decided what ac
tion, if any, will be taken in the matter.
In this connection there is another fea
ture that is taken into consideration, and
that If that it means a court-martial fur
any soldier to request outside Interference
in military matters. At least .such Is the
case in the lowa Regiment. It is alleged
that the men of Companies A and H re
cently received the information that if
they wrote to their homes anything about
the affairs in the camp, either in the way
of complaints or requests to their friends
in the East, they would be brought be
fore the military tribunal. This being
known to the members of the chamber,
they are likely to consider the complaint
of the Tennessee boys, even though it be
not signed. The letter is as follows:
SAN FRANCISCO. Sept. 3, 1898.
Hugh Craig. President of the Chamber of
Commerce— The enlisted men of the First Ten
nepsee Regiment desjre to thank -ou for your
efforts in trying to get them mustered out of
the service of the United States army, an>l hope
you will yet pucceed in getting us sent to our
respective hcmes. where we can get plenty to
eat and H good bed to Bleep on. We are ac
tually suffering for war.t of food. The enlisted
men want to go home. I Do all you can for us.
The above is the pentlment of the entire regi
ment. THE EKLJBTED MEN IN THE
TENNESSEE REGIMENT.
THE OREGON RECRUITS.
General Miller received a dispatch yes
terday from Adjutant General Corbln in
which lif quotes a telegram from Gov
ernor Lord of Oregon statins that the
300 recruits of the Second Oregon
Regiment are in a bad conuuion
from the fact that they have been neg
lected and not properly officered, and the
Governor requests that they be either dis
charged or sent to join their regiment at
Manila. It is the same old story, and the
facts in the case do not bear out the
menta of tho Governor. These re
cruits are attached to the Third Battalion
of the Twenty-third Tnfantry. Th*>y are
well officered and well cared for, and
there i« no <ompbum among them. They
are the beat looking body and best drilled
of any recruits that have ever been at the
Presidio, and they are in excellent con
dition. These facts wore at oner sent to
the department by General Miller.
War Incidents.
General Miller has approved the request
of Major Rice of the Heavy Artillery that
he be allowed to grant furloughs for
forty-eight hours to fifty of his officers
and men who are desirous of attending
the fete to be given at San Jose on Sat
urday.
Paymaster W. H. Stlllwell will pay the
Fifty-first lowa Regiment to-day.
Private Fred Shofele, Twentieth Kan
sas Regiment, who recently became in
sane from some br.-ifn trouble will be
taken to the Government Sanitarium at
Washington.
Private Frank J. Synex of fho Alirer
Battery died at the division hospital v.-h
terday of typhoid fever. Private j' vv
Healy of the Hospital Corps also died of
scarlet fever. The total sick in the hos
pital yesterday was 321, three in private
residences, nine in other hospitals and
eighty-four away on furlough.
The tri-monthly returns of the First
Brigade show that General Miller now
commands 8096 men. This includes the
Eighth Hogiment and the regular as well
as the volunteer forces.
Lurliixe Salt Water Baths.
Bush. Lark In sts*. : swimming, Russian, hot &
cold tub baths; salt water direct from ocean.
WILL OF SUTRO
NOW ATTACKED
Undue Influence and In
sanity Alleged.
CONTEST PAPERS FILED
PEOSPECTS OF A VERY LIVELY
LEGAL BATTLE.
X/dgar E. Sutro, a Son of the Dead
Millionaire, Makes Some
Decidedly Serious Al
legations.
There will be a stubborn contest over
the probating of the will of the late
Adolph Sutro, who recently died, leaving
an estate roughly estimated to be worm
at least $1,000,000. The papers of contest
were filed with the County Clerk yester
day by Attorneys McEnerney, Slshop md
Wheeler, who have been retained by Kd
gar E. Sutro, a son of the dead million
aire, to fight his claim in court.
The contest docs not come as a surpnve.
A few Jays after the burial of ex-Mayor
Sutro it was publicly annuonced that ex
position would be offered to the probating
of a will executed in May, I&J2. The
claim was made that there was a will of
later date and ■ interesting developments
were awaited. The papers riled in ri.e
i present contest do not refer to any jater
| will, but se* forth that Sutro died iv.wt
1 tate. The claim is further male that at
j the time of the execution of the will CI
: fered for probate Sutro was of un.-ound
i mind and incompetent to make a will or
testament. The following allegations are
taken from the papers tiled yeawruay:
That said Adolph Sutro, deceased, was at
the time of the execution of said alleged will
and for a long time prior and subsequent
thereto had been of unsound mind and incom
petent to make, execute, publish or republish
a will, and was not of sound mind and was
wholly Incompetent to make a will or testa
ment. . „ ,
At the time of the execution of said alleged
will the said Adolph Sutro was laboring under
and was subject to and possessed of and ln
ttuenced, dominated, controlled and governed
by delusions concerning and relating to this
petitioner and his sisters and brother, which
delusions had no existence in fact and were
wholly without foundation in fact, and which
• could not be removed by argument, proof or
persuasion, and which were insane delusions.
■ irald will was executed as a direct result of and
by rt-ason of such insane delusions.
; Said instrument dated May It, ISS2. and filed
i herein on the 13th day of August. 1898, and
purporting to be the last will of Adolph Sutro,
was procured to be made by reason of and
through undue influence exerted upon and over
the said Adolph Sutro by divers persons, and
■ that the said instrument was and is the dlr<
j result of such undue influence exerted as afore
said; that said Adolph Sutro was not at the
time of the execution of said Instrument free
from undue influence, and for a long time prior
thereto had been and until his death continued
to be acting under and subject to the undue in
fluence of divers persons; and the said instru
ment and its execution were and each was pro
cured to be made by means of and through and
as the direct result of undue Influence exerted
upon and over said deceased t>y said persons;
and said instrument and its execution were
and are and each of them is the direct result
of the undue influence exerted by such persona
over and upon the said Adolph Sutro.
At the time of the execution of the said in
strument, for a long time prior and subsequent
thereto, the said Adolph Sutro was suffering
i from physical ailments and disorders, the pre
' cisc names and nature of which are unknown to
i this contestant, and by reason thereof the said
Adolph Sutro became and was on the 22d day ot
May, ISS2, and at the time of the execution of
said instrument weakened In body and mind
and susceptible to prejudice and to the undue
Influence and artifice of designing persons. For
q long time prior to the date of said Instru
ment, namely May 22. ISS2. and at the time of
Its execution, divers designing persons hud the
desire And intrnt -to influence and 'induce the
said Adnljih Sutro to make a last will and i
testament and to make provision therein similar
if not identical with n.e provisions contained
in the instrument hereby contested.
Pursuant to their aforesaid design anil in
tent the said persons, for the purpose of pre
judicing the said Adolph Sutro against this
petitioner and agaifi-t his sisters and brother,
willfully and falsely represented to said Adolph
Sutro and persuaded him to believe that your
petitioner, his sisters and brother were want
ing in proper affection for him, and so induceil
him to believe. Each and ail of the aforesaid j
representations and statements to said Adolph
Sutro were false, and were at all times known :
to be false by the said persons so making the
same. By reason of the weakness of mind anj j
of body of the said Adolph Sutro and his sus
ceptibility to prejudice and to the Influences
and artifices of those about him, and by rea
son of the aforesaid misrepresentations of said
persons the said Adolph Sutro was induced ar.d
persuaded r.galnst his true wishes and desires,
but pursuant to the wishes and desires of the
said persons, to make and execute the said
alleged last will and testament dated May 22,
ISS2.
The most important feature of the con
test. If the allegations are true, is that
Sutro was insane from 1882 up to the time
of his death. That beir- true, San Fran
cisco was for two years presided over by
B Mayor who was by reason of mental
affliction unable to attend to his private
business, much less the affairs of a great
municipality.
Y/>ung Sutro demands a jury trial of the
contest, and pendintr the hearing of the
proceedings all matters in connection
with the probating of the will have been
postponed by Judge Coffey until Octo-
NEVER TOLD
THEIR FRIENDS
R. H. Clark and Miss
Alma Stewart Are
Quietly Married.
The fact that some things are too. good |
to keep was conclusively proven last \
night when it leaked out that R. H.
Clark, the popular manager of the San
Francisco Club, and Miss Alma Stewart
■were (luletly married on Monday evening
at the home of the bride's mother, cor- j
ncr of O'Farrell and Hyde streets.
Although the wedding was extremely
quiet, yet as much preparation was mado ;
for the happy event as though it was to
have been the most prominent function i
of the season. The house was beautifully '
decorated with exquisite flowers, and the
happy pair stood in an arbor of white 1
and pink roses while they repeated after
Justice Barry the solemn, binding words.
The bride wore an elegant gown of j
white satin, trimmed with point lace The
veil was fastened to the coiffure by a
sunburst of diamonds, the gift of the
grTiom.
Both bride and groom were unattended.
Mr. and Mrs. Clark will spend their
honeymoon at Monterey, and on their
return will go to housekeeping
— ■»■ ■ » »—» — .
PRESS WOMEN IN SESSION.
The members of the Pacific Coast
Women's Press Association met in annual
convention at Golden Gate Hall yester
day afternoon. The opening session of
this, the eighth convention, was rather
tame in nature, the ladies reserving the
more sterling features of the meeting for
the session of this afternoon and evening
But a small audience greeted the conven
tion, making up, however, by an enthusi
astic appreciation for their lack of nurn-
ICrS. Emma Seckle Marshall, presid. Nt
of the association, in well chosen words
called the meeting to order. The pro
gramme was varied the papers bright
and snappy with the unusual merit of
being succinct.
The feature of the convention this after
noon will be the rather mysterlca] sympo
sium "Does a man own his own face?"
In the evening General W. H. L. Barnes
and Senator George C. Perkins will d,
liv. r addresses, choosing for their subject
"Shall we hold the Philippines?"
Brought His Life to a Close.
A young man who gave his name as
Rose engaged a room in the Empire lodg
ing house at G39 Clay street last Saturday
night. He was found dead %n the floor
yesterday afternoon with his throat cut
and a razor clutched in his right hand.
Buy wall paper and window shades at
Clark's, 653 Market street. Country or
ders solicited. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1898.
HER LOVE INDUCED HER TO SHOOT.
Pretty Evelyn Holt's Infatuation for Charles Pecker, Hyp
notist, Real Estate Agent and Matrimonial Bureau
Proprietor.
Evelyn Holt, the younp woman who fired a shot at Charles Fecker on
Jones street, near Ellis, Monday night with murderous intent, was arraign
ed in Judge Low's court yesterday morning on the charge of assault to
murder. She was represented by Attorney Boyer, who, on her behalf,
pleaded not guilty and a^ked for a continuance till to-morrow, which was
granted.
The girl talked freely yesterday about her infatuation for Fecker. She
carried his photograph in the bosom of her dress and felt sorrow-stricken
when It was taken from her at the prison on being searched.
"I met Fecker," she said, "about a year and a half ago and the very
next day he promised to marry me and I went to live with him as his wife.
He introduced me to all his friends as his wife and I trusted him so fully
that I gave him all my money and jewelry, which he pawned. I think, al
together, he got from me, including the money for my jewelry about $300.
Even after he got married and I was in Los Angeles he sent me a number
of letters in endearing terms, which shows his true character. I handed
these letters to my lawyer about a week ago to consider what action I
should take against him."
Fecker's peculiar methods of obtaining money from the gullible public
have been repeatedly exposed in the papers. He posed as a hypnotist, a
real estate agent, conductor of a matrimonial bureau and other things.
May 6th, this year, he was arrested on the charge of obtaining money by
false pretenses. The complaining witness was James Newman, who, on
representations made to him by Fecker, paid him $150 cash and gave him a
note for $50 for a share in his business. Newman found in a very short
time that the representations made to him were false and he had Fecker
arrested^
At the preliminary examination before Judge Low, the Holt girl testi
fied strongly in favor of Fecker, contradicting the evidence of Newman
and his wife. At that time she denied that she was living with Fecker and
the. siJi^cial attorney for the prosecution, Fred Frey, -seriously thought of
having \er arrested for perjury. Judge Low held Fecker to answer before
the Superior Court, but. when the case came up for trial in Judge Cook's
court on August 23, Assistant District Attorney Hinkle moved for its dis
missal on the ground that the evidence was Insufflcent and it was dis
missed.. Now the girl is sorry that she testified as she did before Judge
Low.
09000000000000000000000000000000
SAILED AWAY
IN A BUNCH
Foreign Ships With Hops
and Lumber.
DEATH OFJ. W. H. CAMPBELL
PASSING OF THE SHIPPING
AND GBAIN BROXEB.
News From Cooks Inlet Is That No
Prospecting Could Be Done by
Miners Owing to the
Bain.
Three ships with rather unusual cargoes
have left this port for England and Aus
tralia recently. The German ship Theo
dor took away for London a million and
a half feet of lumber, 148.000 pounds of
hops and 380.000 pounds of tallow. The
Hawaiian bark Himalaya took away for^
Melbourne, Australia, 013,234 feet of lum
ber, 2750 cases canned goods and 75,200
pounds of hops, while the Russian bark
Westbury cleared for Sydney, Australia,
With a cargo of 182,376 feet of lumber,
5100 cases of canned fruit, 395 bales of pa
per and some sundries. The hops on the
Theodor and Himalaya are the largest
consignments that ever sailed from
here for England and Australia In
a single bottom. The lumber Is
principally spruce and redwood for manu
facturing purposes and the paper is for
one of the newspapers in Lyttleton, New
Zealand. „ .
All three vessels sailed about the same
time and the captains expect to make
quick runs. The Westbury will probably
be the first to arrive, and she and the
Himalaya should be discharged and load
ed again before the Theodor reaches
London. . .. _
First Mate Paul Strang of the German
bark Marco J'olo went to the German
Hospital yesterday. He Is a sick man and
his ship will have to sail without him.
The Pacific Steam Whaling Company's
canlierv tender Jennie arrived from Cooks
Inlet yesterday. Her captain reports that
the miners did little or no prospecting
this year. They could not get to work,
as it rained continuously for six weeks
and all the creeks were overflowed. The
men all seemed to be do ,m on their luck,
but were determined to stick it out for
another season.
On August 20 the ship Centennial com
pleted loading. She has 40,000 cases sal
mon aboard, and the Jennie towed her to
sea before starting for San Francisco.
The British ship Glenaricht, reported as
in collision off the Horn with the British
bark Balmoral, is at Montevideo with her
mizzonmast gone. The British ship Eaton
Hall from Swansea for San Francisco,
has put into Rio de Janeiro with decks
b-ullv damaged and her boats carried
away This makes four vessels that have
been compelled to put back to Monte
video and Rio de Janeiro of late owing to
damage received while trying to round
J. W. H. Campbell, the well known ship
ping man and grain broker, died at his
home on Lombard street yesterday. De
cedent has been ailing for nearly a year.
He was thrown from his horse some time
since while exercising the animal among
the sand hills near Fort Point, and re
ceived injuries from which he never re
covered. Months ago, knowing that hla
death was only a question of time, he
bepran settling up his estate. Almost all
his property was turned into cash and his
real estate transferred to his wife. Mr.
Campbell was passionately fond of the
Proverbs of Solomon, and he had them
printed, in pamphlet form. Pew people
along the front but what received a copy
at one time or another, and some of the
members of the Produce and Merchants'
Exchange have half a dozen copies.
News from Kotzebue Sound received
here yesterday is to the effect that all
the vessels that left ht>re with gold hunt
ers have arrived in safety. The bark
Alaska, Captain Cogan, was one of the
last to get in, owing to the delay in put
ting her stern wheel river steamer to
gether at St. Lawrence Island.
While the steamer John Riley was being
built the Alaska went over to the Si
berian coast and the gold hunters did
considerable trading.
Owing to delay in the arrival of the
English mall the steamship Moana for
Australia will not sail until 10 o'clock
this evening^
BANKER WILL
WED A BELLE
Nuptials of I. W. Hell
man Jr. and Miss
Frances Jacobi.
The first prominent wedding- of the sea
son will be celebrated this evening when
Miss Frances Jacobi and I. W. Hellnian
will speak the words that will make them
husband and wife.
Both brido and groom are leaders in
their own select sets and well and i>opu
lar'.v known in Eastern as well as local
society.
Miss Jacobi is the granddaughter of M.
J. Erandenstein, the well-known tea mer
chant. She is both charming and band
some and has divided her time equally be
tween her home in New York an-.f the
home of her grandparents in this city.
The happy groom-to-be is the son of I.
W. Hellman, the president of the Nevada
Bank, and occupies the position of cashier
ar,U secretary of the Lnion Trust Com
pany. Owing to a recent death in the
fc.mily of the bride only relatives and in
timate friends will attend the ceremony,
at which the Rev. Dr. Voorsanger will of
ficiate.
The bride will be attended by Miss Edith
Jacobi, who will officiate as maid of honor,
and the Misses Clara and Florence Hell
man, Miss Rewa Jacobi and Miss Martha
Triest, who will act as bridesmaids.
E. Heller will be the best man.
It Is to be a pink wedding, and the ele
gant Brandenstein home at the corner of
Gough and California streets, where the
happy event is to occur, will be artistic
ally decorated with choicest pink blos
soms.
The bride will wear a magnificent gown
of white, satin completely covered with a
point lace overdress. The veil will be of
tulle and fastened to the coiffure with a
wreath of natural orange blossoms. The
maid of honor and the bridesmaids will
wear similar frocks of pink tulle over
pink satin and carry shower bouquets of
green orchids.
The bridal presents are unusually ele
gant and consist of every conceivable ob
ject that wealth can procure and art dic
tate. Prominent among the many gorge
ous gifts is a complete silver dinner ser
vice, the gift of the bride's grandparents.
Died of His Injuries.
Simon Flaherty, a native of Ireland, 48
years old, died at St. Luke's Hospital on
Monday morning from injuries sustained
last Saturday by being run over by an
electric car of the San Mateo line.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children,
Tk» fM- /?
itaile >^7r S/tr/> sr "" *••
ligature /O^V^W^r^V-y 2 - •"*
fit *»w»
TIRED OF BEING
A NURSERYMAN
Tim Hopkins Abandons
His Fad.
IT WAS A COSTLY VENTURE
MONEY WOULD NOT MAKE IT
PROSPER.
The Broad Acres of the Menlo Mil
lionaire No Longer Devoted
to tne Business of Plant
Sprouting.
That experience In the nursery and seed
business "comes high," and that disap
pointments are thrown in without extra
charge, can be attested by Timothy Hop
kins, the well-known millionaire of Menlo
Park.
In 1892, when he was no longer actively
Interested in the affairs of the Southern
Pacific Company, he concluded to engage
in a congenial business in an active man
ner. By reason of his possession of a
magnificent domain in San Mateo County
and his deep interest In all things per
taining to floriculture, horticulture, etc.,
he determined to establish a nursery that
should be second to none on this coast.
In connection with this fact It should be
stated that Mr. Hopkins, while treasurer
of the Southern Pacific Company, had a
favorite amanuensis, James Sproule.
This young man was placed at the head
of the enterprise and instructed to buy
out an old established house on Clay
street as a basis of operations. This was
done.
The broad acres of sweet peas, calla
lilies, chrysanthemums and many other
outdoor flowering plants, the almost end
less beds of violets under the wide-spread
ing oaks of Menlo, the extensive nursery,
hothouses and forcing beds, created under
his direction, became famous throughout
the State, and the East as well. The
products of the Sunset Seed and Plant
Company were soon the fashion, and the
business went to the fore with a rush,
leaving the pioneer concerns of "the kind
far behind.
The institution was rated lnßradstreet's
at $1,000,000, by reason of the fact that
Hopkins was backing it. Mr. Sproule acted
as manager, and things on the surface
seemed all right. However, appearances
were deceptive. The first serious trouble
came In the season of 1893-94, when there
was a strike of the nursery employes for
higher wages. The demand was not
granted, and a new gang was put to work,
but too late to save the crop.
It Is stated by those who are compe
tent to speak that when Mr. Hopkins
sickened of his enterprise and dropped
it, he had been forever separated from
over $70,000, this total having been ad
vanced and expended In various ways In
an endeavor to operate the business on
a self-sustaining basis.
These painful efforts proved fruitless,
and, as stated, Sproule was afforded an.
opportunity to paddle the canoe himself.
The business was moved to the foot of
Market street, and the public knew noth
ing of its difficulties until a short time
ago, when a circular was sent out to
creditors stating that the institution was
(15,000 In deot, but coming out all right,
etc.
The next action in the matter has just
been made. The stock of the nursery
business at 33 Market street was moved
to 821 Montgomery street a few days ago.
The fact that the transfer of the busi
ness was made about a year ago without
any notification to creditors has caused
considerable friction between them and
the seed company, and It Is rumored that
some decisive action will be taken at
once to ascertain if the founder of the
house has at the present time any re
sponsible connection therewith.
Alice Rix writes about the "Last
of the Kahunas" in next Sunday's
Call.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BELIEF FEOM PAIN.
Women Everywhere Express thels
Gratitude to Mrs. Pinkham.
nrs. T. A. WALDEN, Gibson, (la., writes:
Dear Mrs. Pinkham:— tak-
ing your medicine, life was a burden
to me. I never saw a well day At
my monthly period I suffered untold
misery, and a great deal of , the time I
was troubled with a severe pain in my
side. Before finishing the first bottle
of your Vegetable Compound I could
tell it was doing me good. I continued
its use, also used the Liver Pills and
Sanative Wash, and have been greatly
helped. I would like to have you use
my letter for the benefit of others."
nrs. FLORENCE A. WOLFE, 5«5 riulberry
St., Lancaster, Ohio, writes: , . |
"Deab Mrs. Pinkham:—^-For two
years I was troubled with what the
local physicians told me was inflamma-
tion of the womb. , Every month I suf-
fered terribly. I had taken enough
medicine from the doctors to cure any-
one, but obtained relief for a short
time only. At last I concluded to write
to you in regard to my case, and can
say that by following your advice I am
now pef ectly well." ,- vL — — —
„ -
nrs. W. R. BATES, nansfleid, La., writes! '
\ll Before writing to you I suffered
dreadfully from painful menstrua-
tion, leucorrhcea and sore feeling in
the lower part of the bowels. Now my
friends want to know what makes me
look so well. Ido not hesitate one min-
ute in ' telling them what has l»rough-o
about this I great change. I cannot
praise Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound enough. It is the greatest
remedy of the age."
Munyon/S Headacheand Indigestion Cure
Is the only remedy on tLe market that
will cure every ; form of Headache .In 3
to 10 minutes, correct Indigestion, stim-
ulate : the , nerves and , build up the sys-
tem. It ■ should 'be in every home and
every traveler's pripsack. At all Drug-
gists. 25 cures, 25c. :■■'■■'■
■ *' N O -QUACKS." I
4s^i\SwKFifcs^ A Eood Electric Belt
iflVvMC&ff'^sW'ft'M will cure WITHOUT
K&f jf^t^Vy^KS MEDICINE. . I3uy no
ft \U, belt 1111 QUACKS."
■WV£ A good Electric Belt
KtWkwlll cure WITHOUT
s%y^ MIC PIC INK. Huy no
—esjflßl'ivit till you Bee "Dr.
Wj(jSR?MKT : S«S?* Pierce' t." Book free.
MF- PIERCE ""ELECTRIC
;^v/'*sHr'' » ■'■■ C 0. ,". 620 • MARKET
-'■ ■."■ ssS> : STREET, ' 0pp. ..,. Palace .'Hotel,-
Mention 'V* . San Francisco.
4 this paper. .{I, - ■ • . -
V___o^__J£«>i|f BI Sf G'• * non-potsonooa
«<_H^^^^^^_h9 em6d y for Gonorrhoea,
€CKEb^JN Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
__9__r 'o 1 tosd»ji.^B Whites, unnatural rlis-
jWy Qu»rmnu>r<l V charges, or any Influmma-
Wmm no to «trieiure. ~ tion, irritation or ulcera-
■*jPr»Tenu coDtifinD. tion of mucous mi-m-
■ ••VheEyANSChemicuCo. branes. Xon-agtringrnt.
«__flkciNCiNNATI,O BHH ° ld by DrnKllt
VhL tr. S. a. .^^B" r sent ' n Plain wripper,
4k^H9Ha^#*M X - 00 or 3 oottles, (2.73.
■ Olrcuiar §int ou rt^uert.
r-j ADVERTISEMENTS.
Special Sale
v ..OF :- 1
Shirt Waists
We place on sale for to-day and g
to-morrow, Sept. 7th and Bth, our H
entire line of this season's SHIRT |
WAISTS that were $1.50, $1.25 |
and $1.00 I
At 50? Each. I
KOHLBERG, 1
STRAUSS & I
FROHMAN,
107-109 POST ST., §
1221-1222-1224-1226 Market St. .
TRUNKS ""
Fancy zinc - covered, turtle- fft(\ Qp
back, iron-bound, Ladies' •S|l /fj
Peerless Wall Trunks, canvas- fftfj PA
covered, steel bumpers, \ I l)\)
linen-lined, 2 trays.... *r ■ IVY
Canvas - covered Steamer ffl I A A
Trunk, well bound and \IL III)
strong, with tray tIiVVt 1iVV
All Orders by Mail Sent Promptly.
WILL & FINCK CO.*
818-820 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO. .
Use y^ s^ and
Facial Soap B^!/ Facial Cream.
Age, Illness, Care cause Wrinkles. Derma-
tologist JOHN H. WOODBURY, 127 West 42d
St., N. V., 163 State st., Chicago, has had over
26 years' practical experience removing Wrin-
kles, Crow 131 3 Feet, etc. No pain.
If g9 fl hNh| flf [ffl Bh^ nil En S n - »I~^l
SALARY WARRANTS
For August, payable in November, bought at
2 per cent discount. AUGUST WEIHE, 402
Montgomery street, room 10.
AMUSEMENTS.
posco^slffiii
W altkb Morosco, Sole Lessee and. Mana^eE.
POPULAR PRICES Telephone Green 861
Reserved Seats, . .. 25 and 50c.
Family Circle and Gallery, . . ioc.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
Special Holiday Matinee, Friday, September 9.
WEEK OF SEPTEMBER 5, 1898.
First Time at This Theater of Frank Harvey's
New Domestic Comedy-drama,
"SHALL WE
FORGIVE HER!"
Wholesome, Original, Unique! . New Scenery
and Properties! A Strong Cast!
First Appearance at This Theater o£ the Tal-
e nted Eastern Actress,
MISS GRACE ADDISON.
Reappearance of MISS JULIA BLANC.
Corner Eddy and Jones Streets.
SPECIAL MATINEETaDMISSION DAY.
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK.
Direct from Their Triumphal Tour in Eng-
land, MR. AND MRS. SYDNEY DREW, in
"When Two Hearts Arc Won." World's Great-
est Operatic Barytone, SIGNOR DEL PUENTE.
Peerless Queen of Burlesque, the Charming
CORINNE. San Francisco's Prime Favorite,
MISS EDITH HALL. Gotham's Elite Society
Entertainer. MR. JOHN BYRNE. The Famous
French Illusionist, MONSIEUR DE VILLIERS.
The Young and Artistic Entertainers. POW-
ERS & HYDE. The Famous Acrobatic Come-
dians, 3— ROSSIS— 3. Past Masters of Colored
Comedy. MR. AND MRS. HARPER.
Popular — Reserved Seats, 25c and 50c;
Box Seats. ROc.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
25c; Children, 10c. Telephone South 435.
FOUR DAYS ONLY
THE IRISH FAIR !
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
TO-DAY— SOUVENIR SPOONS to ladies this
afternoon. Last chance to obtain these beauti-
ful spoons.. To-night — Union Iron Works night,
Butchers' ... night, ■■ St. Patrick's Alliance of
America entertainment, Oakland and Alameda
day .-md night. Extra speaking features and
entertainment. .
To-morrnw — Young Irish-American day • and
programme for Red Men's day. -
Friday— Bear Flag day. Munster day, Wood-
men of the World day.
Admission. 25c; children, 10c.
tTvoli opera-house.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng. Proprietor and Manager.
THE GRAND OPERA SEASON. \' ;
TO-NIGHT, also Friday and Saturday Even-
ings, Verdi's Lyric Drama, -
"RICOLETTO."
TO-MORROW, also Sunday Evening, Special
Saturday Matinee,- Donizetti's Tragic Work,"
"HJGRETI/* BORGIA."
' NEXT WEEK— Monday, : Wednesday, < Friday
and Saturday Evenings, "CARMEN"; Tuesday,
Thursday and Sunday Evenings, Special Sat-
urday Matinee, "LA TRAVIATA."
Popular i Prices, 25c : and 60c. N. B.— A re-
served seat for the matinee, 25c. Our teie-
phone. Bush 9. * ,' : ■ , '. . ; ,:
ALCAZAR s 'Sr
EVERY NIGHT. SUNDAY INCLUDED.
, HOLIDAY MATINEE . FRIDAY.
"THE FIRST BORN
POWERS' CHINESE TRAGEDY,
Preceded by N. |C. Goodwin's Farcical Comedy,
"TURNED UP."
: Prices, 15c, 25c, 35c, SOc. '
CHUTES AND ZOO.
A ' MATINEE ; EVERY ■ DAY
Don't Fall to See the SPANISH BULL FIGHT.
GREAT SHOW 'IN THE ; FREE THEATER "
PEARL HAIGHT. THE "AMERICAN
ANNA ; HELD," The THREE ,DE NOVAS
THOMAS K. RYAN, EUSAPIA, MAE TUNI-
SON and OTHER EMINENT ARTISTS! V .'
/ See :. the •3 • baby ■ lions and Australian carpet
rnnlrr ' In the Zoo. ' ~T~~ I iiyjKMiriiUpr"
10c, including Zoo and Theater; children, 5c. ; -
YIHPIA Eddy," cor. • Mason— MOßE ■ EAST-
IlUriA ERN STARS. MARTINS WON-
DERFUL DOGS; MADELINE, • New York's
Favorite Dancer; TRIXEDO: EL NINO EDDY-
ROCKWEIX; ■ ROYCE ; SISTERS, . and others.
Admission Free. Matinee Sunday. '.-■':«
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA THEATER. ■
FAREWELL WEEK OF THE
FRAWLEY COMPANY.
Revival of the Two Comedy Hits.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME.
"LOST--2 4 HOURS."
Remainder of Week.
"NUMBER INIIME"
Comedies of the highest merit. Presented by,
competent 'casts.
Next Monday— "Hoy "A Milk White Flag." ■
BALDWIN THEATER.
SPECIAL— "HEARTSEASE" MATINEE TO-
DAY.
THIRD AND LAST WEEK. '
Charles Frohman Presents
MR. HENRY MILLER
In the Comedy of Manners,
"A MARRIAGE OF CONVENIENCE."
Adapted by Sydney Grundy, author of "3owing
..-; , the Wind."
Next Monday— MODJESKA in great repertoire.
MATINEE TO-DAY (WEDNESESAY) Sept. 7.
Parquet, any seat, 25 cents. Balcony 10 cents.
Opera Chairs and Box Seats 50 cents.
The ■ Legitimate Comedy Star, FELIX MOR-
RIS * COMPANY, In the One-Act Comedy.
"A Game of Cards."
THE EIGHT TON-ZOON-IN ARABS.
World's Latest Acrobatic Novelty.
EDWIN M. FAVOR & EDITH SINCLAIR,
Laughable Farce, "The McGulres." ->
IRENE FRANKLIN, Character Soubrette. .
THE PASQUALIS & SIG. ABRAMOFF, the
Prison Scene from "Faust."
BARNEY FAG AN <S: HENRIETTA BYRON,
CHAS. T. ALDRICH, BARON'S DOGS, THE
BIOGRAPH. with new views.
NEXT WEEK— BESSIE BONEHILL and
other stars.
NEW COMEDY THEATER
(Formerly . the Popular Bush.)
The New ' Playhouse. A Symphony of Del! ght.
Direction ...M. B. Leavltt
Resident Manager Alf. Ellinghousa
THE PACHECCTCOMEDY CO.
THIS EVENING at 8.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2. * .
In MRS. PACHECO'S New Comedy.
"THE LEADING MAN."
Evening prices — 25c, 35c, 50c and 75c.
Matinee Prices, 25c, 35c and 50c. Seats now
selling.
Comedy Theater, Phone 32S Main. Branch
| Office, 710 Market St.; phone 933 Main.
In active preparation— "WOMAN'S WIT."
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
Fifth street, near Market.
THURSDAY. SEPTEMBER 8. IS9B.
GRAND CHORAL CONCERT, under the direc-
tion of
MR. WILLIAM L. TOMLINS,
The distinguished director of the World's Fair
Choruses.
• 250 selected voices of San Francisco and Oak-
! land. Prominent soloists. Tickets, 50c; few re-
' served seats. 25c extra. Box sheet at Sherman.
1 Clay & Co.'s Wednesday and Thursday, Sep-
i tember 7 and 8. _.
SUTRO BATHS.
OF»EIS NIGHTS.
Open Daily from 7 a. in. until 11 p. m.
ADMISSION 10c - - - - CHILDREN S
Bathing, with admission, 25c; children, 20c.
Subscribers camping at localities along
the line of railroads where there are no
I postal facilities can have The Call thrown
j off at their camp by sending name and lo-
cation of camp to The Call Subscription .
Department.
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS,
The Great Sanitarium of the West.
New and Commodious Hotel,
Elegantly Furnished,
Lighted by Electricity.
THOUSANDS CURED BY THE WATERS
AT HIGHLAND SPRINGS.
FINEST SWIMMING TANK IN LAKE COUNTY.
This resort has no rival in variety and me-
dicinal properties of its Mineral Waters, its In-
vigorating Plunge, Hot or Cold Mineral Baths.
Climate or Scenery.
Physician in attendance. Deer and Small
Game plentiful.
TABLE UNSURPASSED.
Reached by the Shortest Stage Route Into
Lake County. Round-trip fare from San Fran-
cisco, via Hopland. J8; via Calistoga, $3. Fall
season hotel rates, JlO and |12 per week.
For further information address
HIGHLAND SPRINGS, Lake Co.. C»L
Or see. In San Francisco,
L. D. CRAIG, 316 Montgomery St.
PACIFIC
CONGRESS SPRINGS
Santa Clara County,
Three hours from San Francisco, via Lm:
Gatos: 6 months roundtrlp ticket, $4. or via
Santa Clara, $3 50. New swimming tanir 180x75
feet, and other Improvements.
Hot and cold mineral baths.
Climate, • scenery and location unequaled.
JOHN S. MATHESON, Manager
ff?\^/>n» /Th k', CONTRA
i¥Y^OAa. Costa co..
Eu ' Hotel new throughout: lighted -with
BWr&iTfcAk] hot salt baths, cure
}YI£OVM COSTA CO.-
Hotel new throughout: lighted with
. acetyline gas; hot salt baths, cura
B Y~k rheumatism; new and commodious
fij || swimming tank; scientific sanitary
Ej ■ -methods; rate's low. Address
1#- : A. BETTENS,
HOT £P|UMC9 Manaftcr.
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County, 6 Hours from San Francisco.
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
Grandest scenery. The hotel an enchanting
embowered home. Bath house rebuilt, elegant
porcelain tubs, tennis court, etc.
NATURAL STEAM AND MINERAL BATHS. -
Tepid Swimming Lake. Long-distance Tele-
phone. Telegraph, etc. Table unsurpassed.
Terms, $10 and $15 per week: $2 and $2 50 per
day.- R. M. HORTON. Proprietor.
""^ REST and HEALTH
ORCHARQSPRINCS
Id foothills of the Sierra levadas, nurColfax, C.P.R.R,
Plain, qniet retreat, finest ncenery. water, mountain air,
: f frnlf, and all the year around elinate la California.
ld»l rmuodiiindiorroiiodlogs. On R.R., U6 ml!«, from S»n Fran.
H>B a week. Open all year. Send for Booilst.
.Address: Orchard Snrimw. f hie*™ Pvif, r |. »
MARKWEST SPRINGS
The best pleasure and health resort and
i^&un^rfp 1 $ i 3 n 75 Caluorma Terma $s t 0
FRESE & JUERGENSEN, Mark West
Springs. Sonoma County, Cal.
LOS GUILTCins WARM springs.
Ij\JO U U JXiIUUa Kenwood, > Sonoma Co.;
On the bank of Sonoma Creek. An unrlvai°d
place for quiet rest. Warm sulphur baths.
Fine swimming pool. Grand old oaks and other
natural attractions. Cheap fare. Liberal tabia.'
Terms, $1 per day. . School vacation being over,
can accommodate a few select people In tent or
cottage. For particulars address MRS. P. T.
M. : ATE, Kenwood," or P. T. M. ATE. In- '
terna! Revenue Of *ce,{ city. v ■
M&nPniVF MINERAL SPRINGS.
IYI/\LJI\.VFiIL- Santa Clara County. A
first-class • mountain ■> health ■ resort. Elevation.
2200 feet. Cures asthma, Indigestion and: kid-
ney .; troubles. Terms, , $3 and $10 per week.' ;
Stage connects with morning trains at Madrono
Monday, • Wednesday and Saturday. .
JAMES CARTER, Manager.
SUMMIT SODA
■-S '■ : ■■■: -- \- ■-■■:--■: SPRINGS.
*On line of C. P. R. R. : Elevation, 6009 feet.
Dally mall. v Telephone : connections. New ac- ;>
commodatlons. - Open ' June 1. •' Address GOU1».
DEN & JACOBS, Dormer, Placer Co.. C*l. ;
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Sliver weaker.
Wheat futures steadier.
Barley rather firmer. •
Oats. Corn and Rye unchanged.
Hay oAntlnues to pour.ln.-'
Beans and Seeds unchanged.
Potatoes and Vegetables steady as a rule.
Butter firmer. Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
A car of Eastern Poultry in.
Pears and Plums firm.
Dried Fruits steady, but quiet.
No change in Provisions.
New fall Wool coming In.
Hops dull. Hides quiet.
Meat market unchanged.
Merchandise quotations unaltered.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
' Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 699,80 45.500
Duluth 1.045.M5 805,
Milwaukee 83.400 ' 3,250
Chicago 375,317 144.
Toledo 189.MS „ 93.000
St. Louis 254.000 25,000
Detroit 22,457 49,731
Kansas City 3!>4,500 193,500
Totals ?. ..........3,069,973 863,409
Tidewater —
Boston ■.....• ....2.000
New York 557.050 338,691
Philadelphia 20,141 6.66J
Baltimore 65,472 66,000
New Orleans 3,600
Galveston 41.412 .......
Totals 456.075 414,953
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— Sept. Dec.
Opening 5 5Vi 6 1%
Closing 6 5% 6 2>4
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— Sept. Nov. -Dee.
Opening 4S 45 45 05
Closing 4S SO 45 00
Wheat-
Opening 2145 2100
Closing 2143 2100
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian-Pacific Time.)
SAN' FRANCISCO. Sept. 6, IS3B. 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka, 52: Red Bluff. 102; Sacramento, 92;
Fresno, SS; San Luis OUspo, 72; Independence,
90; Los Angeles, 82: San Diego, li; Yuma. 108.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
60; minimum, 50; mean 55.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
An area of high pressure Is centml In North
ern Montana, moving slowly southeastward.
Another area of high pressure is central off the
roast of Northern California. The pressure is
lowest in Southwestern Arizona.
There has been a jrerir-ral rise In temperature
over the entire Pacific Slope, the greatest rise
being In Oregon and Washington. The tem
perature is everywhere above the normal ex
cept along the Immediate boast of California.
Rain Is reported from Western Texas.
Conditions are favorable for fair warm
weather.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending miunleht September 7. ÜBS:
Northern California— Fair Wednesday, except
partly cloudy along the coast in the morning;
brisk to high northwest wind.
Southern California — Fair Wednesday; warm
er in northern portion; fresh west wind.
Nevada— Fair; warmer Wednesday.
Utah— Fair; warmer Wedneeoay.
Arizona— Fair in the west portion: probably
thunderstorms in east portion Wednesday;
cooler east.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Wednesday,
except partly cloudy in the morning; brisk to
high northwest wind.
Special report from Mount Tamalpals — Clear:
wind west, v miles; temperature. S3; maximum
temperature, S3. . G. H. WILLSON.
I^cal Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Sept. 6— To-day's stock mar
ket was variable and irreprular at all times,
but was more or less under the continuing
Influence of the shrinking surplus reserves of
the banks and the suffer rates for money.
General speculation was almost at a standstill
and tha movement of the market was confined
largely to special stocks, the trading being
highly professional throughout. The opening
was higher In sympathy with London. It
quickly became evident, however, that no out
side Interest had been enlisted here and the
professional bears attacked the list In weak
spots. A number of individual stocks showed
conspicuous strength all day and a rally in
People's Gas drove the bears to cover and
made them more cautious. The strength (]■>-
came general in the late dealings under the
leadership of. St. Paul and the close n;;3
strong at the best prices of the day and gen
erally at a level above Friday's close. The
fear of Interrupted traffic through yellow feves
quarantine waa a factor In the early weakness,
especially In Southern Railway preferred, but
at th" same time there was an advance of Z\
In Illinois Central and conspicuous firmness In
Louisville on the prospect of resumption of
Havana trafic. Baltimore and Ohio was heav
ily bought by the tanking Interests all day
and showed an extreme gain of 5 points. Other
strong features were Denver preferred, Atchi
con Prefi rred, Reading first preferred. Denver
and Gulf, the Pacific Coast Improvement stocks
and the Grangers in sympathy with St. Paul
on the heavy advantageous showing In the
letter's annual report. The dominant factor In
the situation, however, continues to be the ab
sorption of money by the United States Treas
ury on account of subscriptions to the new
bonds. Call money continued firm with 3 per
cent the ruling rate.
Bonds were dull but prices were in the main
firmly held. Total sales, $2,440,000. United
States old 4s, regular, and the 5s advanced »4
and tlu> new 4s and the 3s, when Issued, H
per cent in the bid price.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 325,700
chares, Including 12,243 Atchison preferred 27 -
640 B. & 0., 16.345 Burlington. 13,000 D. & R.
G. preferred. 18,275 Manhattan, 14.560 North
ern Pacific, 13,350 do preferred, 7520 Rock Isl
and, RlO Union Pacific, 27,53'J St. Paul, 17.050
Union Pacific preferred. 9100 T.\ P.. D & G.,
(880 Minnesota Iron. 3345 International Paper!
SBIO Tobacco, 4535 Chicago Great Western, Sl7B
People's Gas, 7100 General Electric, 10.754
Sugar.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson IS% So Pacifio 21%
Do nrefd 36% So Railway 93%
Baltimore & Ohlo/33V« Do prefd .... 3:,%
Canada Pacific .. 87% Texas & Pacific. 15
Cana<*i Southern. 63 Union Pacific Z'SH.
Central Pacillc .. 24 Do prefd 67>i
' hes & Ohio 23% U P n & G 73/.
Chi & Alton 157 Wabash S"4
Chi B & Q 117% Do profd 22%
Chi & E 111 57 Wheel &LE 2%
CC C & St L.... 42% Do prefd 14>i
Do prefd ........ SS • Express Companies-
Del & Hudson... 100% Adams Ex 110
Del L & W 149 American Xx .... 130
Den & R 0 15 United Stafs .... 42
Do prefd 57% Wells Fargo 120
. Erie (new) 14% Miscellaneous-
Do Ist prefd 3S A Cot Oil 37%
Fort "Wayne 172 Do prefd 88
Gt Nor prefd..... 136>,4 Amn Spirits . 13%
Hocking Valley... 5Vi Do prefd 3314
Illinois Central .. 114% Am Tobacco . 14]U
Lake Erie & W.. IS Do prefd ........ 127
Do prefd 75 People's Gas ....; 106%
Lake Shore 192 Cons Gas 186
Louis & Nash.... 58 Com Cable C 0... 170
Manhattan L ..... 97 Col F & Iron 2SU
Met St Ry. 153 Do prefd 85
.Mich Central ..... 107 Gen Electric ... 45%
Minn & .St 1t..";.. 27 Illinois Steel ... 72%
Do Ist prefd S'l Laclede Gas . . 50
Mo Paciflc M Load ..... " 37
Mobile & Ohio 28 pn prefd " 110'^
Mo X & T 12%. Xat Lin OH.! '.'.'.'.'.'.'. 6Vi
Do prefd 35 Haw Com Co 2s>4
Chi Ina & L 8 Pacific Mail .... 3474
-Do prefd .;...... 33 Pullman Palace... 1&7
N J Central 90% Silver Certificates 59%
N V Central 11S% Stand R & T. . %v,
N V Chi & St L.. 14 ! Sugar 1431!
Do Ist prefd.... fifi I*o prefd ...... US
/Do i<l prefd.... 34 T C & fron 31
Nor West If. U S leather 7U
No Amer Co 6% I>o prefd .. 7J2
No Pacific 30y 4 U S Rubber ....' 44%
Do prefd ........ 79% Do prefd 104%
. Ontario & W 16 West Union ... 94
Or R & Nay. 58 C & N W " 13414
•Or Short Line.... 35% Do prefd ..... 175
Pittuburg 169 StL&S.W.. 5%
, Reading IS% , Do prefd 12>,
Dolst prefd 44% ..GW.... 23
Rock Island 104% Do prefd 67
8t Louis & S F.. ■ • S% Chi G W.... ]6\i
Do Ist prefd.... 65U Pac C Ist prefd.. 85
- Do 2d prefd.... 33% Do 2d prefd.... 67%
St Paul 113% Minn Iron ....... 9711
Do prefd 156% C & X 111 prefd.. imt
St P& Om 83 Int Paper Co 5514
Do prefd ........ 158 Brooklyn R T.... (i4U
St P M & M 166 !?.;?
CLOSING BONDS.
U S new 3s 103 NJC 5s 114%
V S new 4s reg.. 127 N Carolina C 5..... 129
Do coup 127 Do 4s 103
U S4s ......110. No Pac lsts.. ' 114
■Do coup ........ 111% Do Ss .... ''. 63
Do 2d5..... 1... 98 Do 4s 101
U S's» rejr.. ..}... 112 XYC* St L 4s. 106
Do 53 coup../... 112 Nor & W 65...... 123
District 3.65s 117 Northwstrn cons. H2 — •
Ala class A 10S Do deb ss. 118-
Do H ..... 100 O Nay lsts 114%
Do C ..90 O Nay 45......... 100
Do Currency ... 90 OS Line 63 tr.... 126%
Atchison 4s ..:... X O S Line 5s tr.... 107
Do adj 4s. 73 Pacific 6s of 95.... 102%
Can Pi 2d5.. ...... 107 Heading 4s 82%
Chi Term 4s ...91 RO W 1et5...:... 90
C & Ohio 5s ;-. 116 Vi ISt L & I M C 6*. 99%
C H & D 4%5....: 104% fit:L"& S F G 6s. 120%
,D&R G 15t5..... 107 iSt P C0n:. ........ 1Q
D & R O 4«...... 97 St PC & P lsts.. 118
F.n*t Term lsts.... 10.1% Do 5.s ........... 117%
Fr'e Gen 4s. 72 So Railway Es..'.. 9S
FW ft D iFts tr. 77 Stand R&T. 65.. 82
Gen Elec C 5...1... 107 Trnn new set 35.. -92%
G H & S A 65.... 105. Tex P L G lsts.. lCrt%
Do 2ds .:......:. 105 . Do Rk 2d5......; 47
H & T C 58....... 11l Union Pac 45...... 99
. Do con 65....... 10S% U P D& G lsta.. 76%
■ ■-•■-.■'■ ".-.-'Vi ■-; '•■ V' ■ .;. ■ "';;-■:■ ; : ■ ':.■ •:'■-.•'••*
i .
lowa Cists 104 IWab Ist 6s 111%
La new cons 45.. 105 | l Do 2ds 90
L & N Unl 45.... 89% I\V Shore 4s 109
Missouri 6s ....... 100 \\a. Centuries ..... 76%
MX & T 2ds .64 \Do deferred ... 8%
r>o 4s 89 JWis Cent 15t5..... 53
N V Central lsts. 116%|
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar ..10 Ontario ........... 850
Crown Point ..... 12 Ophlr "12
Con Cal & Va.... " 33 Plymouth 12
Deadwood J3 Quicksilver 1 25
Gould &■ Curry... 12 Do prefd 300
Hale & Norcrpss. -70 Sierra Nevada ... 60
Homestake ..." 45 OOiEtandard 155
Iron Silver 65iUn!on Con ....... 13
Mexican lOlYellow Jacket ... 10
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— | Westlnghouse El. 31
Call loans 2§3% Do prefd 57
Time loans 3©4%|Wla Central 1%
Stocks— . Ed Elec Te1....... ISS
A T & S.P 13% Gen Elec nrefd... H9
Anv-r tSugar ..... Alchlson prefd ... 3u%
Do prefd ........ 1ir.i.4, 1 Bonds-
Bay State Gas... l'g Atchlson 4s ....... 43
Bell Telephone ... 2SO Mining Shares-
Boston & Albany. 233 Allouez Mln Co.. Z%
Boston & Maine.. 164U Atlantic 26
Boston L os»<j Boston & Mont... 226 Vi
Chi Bur & Q 117% Butte & Boston... 23
Fitchburg 105 Calumet & Hecla. 580
Gpn E.ectrlc ..... 46 . Centennial IS%
Illinois Stoel 74 Franklin 13V4
Mexican Central.. 6% Old Dominion ... 28%
NY & New Eng.. 98 (')sceola 55%
Old Colony 193 Quincy 119
Rubber 44% Tamarack . 173
Union Pacific 33* i Wolverine 27^
West End S6H i Parrott 22%, t
Do prefd 105% l
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Sept. C— The Evening Post'B
London financial cablegram Bays: The stock
markets here were generally good to-day on
the clear political horizon, such dflcUnaa as
have taken place in Argentines and a tm
other stocks being merely due to profit-taking.
Grand Trunk was fiat. Americans opened above
the parity, but except for Ceneral Pacific the
market was uninteresting until the close, when
a sharp rise In Baltimore and Ohio was the
ieature. ,
General outlook for Americans is good unless
public attention should be seriously ' diverted
to mines. The proposition at the moment Is
that the Cape Is bu--ing Kaffirs eagerly and
Adelaide Is buying West Australian ■ mines.
Both markets are bare of shares and efforts
are evidently being made to begin a small
boom.
New York is buying gold in Paris as also
here, although much mystery is observed here
as to the actual buyers. The price is about
77s 10^d.
The Indian Government Is renewing £2.000.000
in treasury' bills and this may help to steady
the money rates here. A large amount is to
be repaid by the market to the Bank of Eng
land to-morrow.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific. 90; Grand Trunk. 7%: Ear
Silver, steady, at 27*4 d: Money, 4 per cent.
MADRID, Sept. C— Spanish 4s closed to-day
at 66.15.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODTTCE.
NEW YORK. Sept. 6.— FLOUR-Receipts,
55,540 bbls; exports, 20,978 bbls. Quiet and weak
at s^loc decline on well-known brands.
WHEAT— Receipts, 337.050 bushels; exports.
335.700" bushels. Spot weak; No. 2 red. 69%@
69% c t. o. b. afloat to arrive and spot. Op
tions opened firmer on moderate foreign buy
ing, but turned weak and closed 64@T»c net
loAver. An unexpectedly large visible supply in
crease and heavy northwestern receipts, dls-.
appointing speculation and a light export hi
qulry were the main features. No. 2 red
March, 66*;<g6Sitc,.- closed C6iic; May. 6SVic,
closed 67c: September, 6G§C6sic, closed 66?»c.
; — Steadier; State, common to choice,
1595 crop, 2#3c: 1596 crop, s<B6c; ISH7 crop, 11®
12c; Pacific Coast. 1595 crop, 26'3e; 1596 crop,
s(g 6c: IM>S crop. Il<ifl2c.
— Options closed steady and un
changed to 10 points lower; sales 20,750 bags,
Including September. $5 45@5 60. Spot Coffee—
Rio dull and nominal; No. 7 invoice, J*c: No. 7
Jobbing, 6:ic. Mild— Less active; Cordova, S@
15c.
SUGAR— Raw very strong; fair reflninj,
3 13-16 c; centrifugal. 96-test, 4»4c. Refined-
Strong and active. •
METALS — Contrary to expectations of many
conservative parties several departments of
the Metal market developed a weak undertone
to-day with demand slack and prices tending
downward under increased offerings. Copper
alone exhibited decided strength. At the close
the Metal Exchange quotes:
PIG IRON— Warrants lower to sell, with
S6 87V4 bi* and $7 anked.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged and firm, $12 25
bid and $12 374 asked.
TlN— Dull, with $16 10 bid and $16 174 as\ei.
LEAD— Lower and weak, with $4 bid and
$4 05 asked. The firm naming the settling price
for leading Western miners and smelters quotes
Lead at $3 90.
SPELTER— -with $4 70 bid and $4 75
asked.
BUTTER— 19.300 packages; Western
creamery. 1443154 C; Elgins, lS4e; factory,
lltttfMc.
EGGS^-Recelpts, 21,882 packages; weak;
Western, 154 c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, Sept. 6.— California dried fruits
E EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. 6<§So;
prime wire tray, 9c; choice, 94c; fancy, 9%@10c.
PRUNES — •' •■-.'
APRICOTS— Royal, ll@13c; Moorpark, 13@16c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 7<S'9c; peeled, 12@16c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Sept. 6.— Wheat held very steady
durini? the first hour, although the j conditions
were regarded as bearish. Some of the early
transactions were at *uc or more above the
close Saturday. The strength in corn was an
influence to wheat, and besides there was a
good deal of profit taking by shorts. Offerings
were small with the competition sharp and
prices held firm for a time. The enormous re
ceipts In the Northwest were regarded as dis
couraging. The strength -with which the mar
ket opened was fairly well maintained ■ until
the visible supply statement was completed.
which showed £,220,000 bushels . Increase, com
pared with 6;C,000 bushels decrease the year
before. That Increase was somewhat heavier
than expected and prices dropped on its re
ceipt to %c below the highest point previously
made for December and %c below the top
for September. At the close September was Vie
lower and December %@iic higher than Sat
urday. ,
Lower temperatures and reports of killing
frosts In some districts strengthened corn
early. The fear that the Government report,
due this week, might not show any deteriora
tion since August 1, however, acted as a par
tial counterweiKht to the general bullish sur
roundings of the corn pit. December left oft
%c higher.
Oats folluwed corn, but did not display as
much strength as did the latter. The close
is unchanged to V»c up for May.
The feeling In provisions was very unsettled
over the yellow ' fever situation. Packing
house ■ interests sold freely and the market
ruled heavy throughout with the lowest point
of a considerable decline current at the close
Pork declined 12% c, lard 22Vic and ribs lost
17% c -
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—2 —
September 62V4 62% 61% 62
December 60% 61% 60% 60%
May 62% 63 62% 62%
Corn No. —
September 30% 31 30% 30%
December 30% 31 30% 30%
May 33V* 33% 33 33%
Oats No. 2—
September 19%" 19% 19% 19%
December 19»i 13% . ]9% 19%
May.. 22% 22% 21% 22
Mess pork per barrel —
S-Y-ptember 845 845 8 25- 830
October .: ...8 50 850 8 27% 830
December 855 853 8 37% 8 37y>
Lard, per 100 pounds-
September . .4 77% 4 77% 470 470
October 493 495 4 73% 4 72%
December 500 600 4 77% 4 77%
Short ribs per 100 pounds —
September 5 07% 6 17% 6 07% 5 07%
October 520 6 22% 5 02% 505
Cash quotations were as follows:
. Flour steady; No. 2 spring wheat, 61c; No. S
spring wheat, . 58%ifr61e; No. 2 red. 64c; No. . 2
corn, 31V»c: No. 2 oatH, 20V4?t21c; No. 2 white,
2548K25^0; No. 3 white, H@23.%c; N0.2 rye, 43@
43% c; No. 2 barley, 35<&'42e: No. 1 ftaxsf-ed, 87c;
prime timothy seed, $2 52'^: mess pork, per
bbl. $8 30@8 40; lam. per 100 lbs, $4 75@4 95;
short ribs sides (loose), $.r-ijis. r -ijis 35; dry salted
shoulders (boxed), $4 50@4 75; short clear sides
(boxed). $5 50Q5 60; sugar, cut loaf, C.o2c; gran
ulated, 5.55 c. * - ■
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels : 19.400' ■ 21.000
Wheat, bushels r.7r,,200 144,900
Corn, bushels '.. 486,500 443,000
Oats, bushels ................1,220,000 . 667,600
Rye, bushels 35.800 . ..
Barley, bushels ...............212,200 - 29.900
On the Produce Exchange" to-day the Butter
market was steady, creameries, lS®l7V4c; dai
ries, 12@15c. Eggs firm; : fresh, ; 12% c.
EASTERN LIVE STOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Sept. 6.— CATTLE— Trade In Cat
tle to-day was fairly active at steady prices.
Choice steers, $3 25@5 70; medium, $4 7CKg4 ?0;
beef steers, $4@4 70; Btoekers and feeders, $4 10
@4 70; bulls, $2®4; cows and heifers, $3 50®
4 25; calves, $4 30@7 50; Western rangers ttfl
4 50; fed Western steers, $4 10<g5 15; Texans
$3 60©6.
HOGS— Ruled 6c higher. Fair to choice $3 95
@4; packing lots, $3 70<§3 85; butchers $3 S."^
3!)7Vs; mixed, $3 75@3 95; light, « 70(5 3 95; pigs
$2 K,fi3 70.
SHEEP— Were 10c higher. Western muttons
$4 25; ewes, $4@4 25: fancy lambs, $5 70®5 75
Recelpta-Cattle, 550»; Hogs, 17,000; Sheep,
10,000.
OMAHA. *
OMAHA, Sept. 6.— CATTLa-Recelpts, 5300.
Strong for best grades; other* lower. Native
beef steers, $4 25^5 25; Western steers, $3 20*4
4 CO; cows and heifers, $3ig4 10; canners, $2^2 85;
stockers and feeders, $3 60<(?4 65; calves, $3 50®
G 75; bulls and steers, $2 25@3 75.
HOGS— Receipts, 6100. Shade stronger.
Heavy, $3 Go<g:3 65; mixed, $3 611^3 62% ; light
$3 62U©3 67%: bulk of sales, $3 62%@3 65.
SHEEP— Receipts, 9800. Steady to lower. Na
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, lc>a».
tlve muttons, $3 60@4 40; Western muttons, $3 50
©4 20; stockers, $3 25@4; lambs. »4<fs 60.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, Sept. 6.— CATTLE— Receipts,
8000. Best grades steady; others low. Native
steers. $4@5 35; cows and heifers, $2(§>4; stock
ers and feeders, J3 2.W5; bulls, $2 50@3 80.
HOGS— Receipts, 10,000. Market steady to 5c
lower. Bulk of sales. $3 70ft>3 SO: heavy, $3 7(VtP
3 SO; packers, $3 60^3 77%; mixed, $3 60@3 75;
lights, ?3 50@3 75; yorkers, $3 70@3 75; pigs, $3
(S3 70.
SHEEP— Receipts. 4000. Market firm. Lambs,
$3 2S@-5 v 6O; muttons, $3-34 20.
DENVER.
DENVER, Sept. 6.— CATTLE— Receipts, 1000.
Market steady. Beef steers, $3 50(f4 40; cows.
J3Q3 75; feeders, freight paid to river, $3 75@
4 25; stockers, freight paid to river, |3 80@l 50;
bulls and stags, %2<UZ.
HOGS— Receipts, 300. Market easy. Light
packers, $3 60^3 70; mixed, J3 80@3 65; heavy,
%'6 40(53 CO.
SHEEP— None.?
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
CHICAGO, Sept. 6.— Porter Bros. Company
sold to-day at open auction California fruit
at following prices: Pears, Bartlettß, $1 25®
1 % per box; Beurre Hardy, $1 50. Prunes,
Gros, 45c@$l 13 single crate; German, 45®90c;
Fallenberg, 60@70c; Silver, 40@45c. Plums,
Schley, 45Q'900 single crate; Egg, 35c. Peaches,
Orange Clings, 80(3 95c box; Late Crawfords, 30
095 c. Ten cars sold.
NEW YORK, Sept. 6.— Porter Bros. Company
to-day sold California fruit at auction at the
following prices: Pears, Bartletts, fl 00(652 35
box; Beurre Clalrgeaus, $1 30#l 50. Prunes,
Hungarian, Jl 05(31 50 single crate; Fallenberg,
|>1 05; other varieties, TOc&fl. Plums, Egg, 60c
4/$ l 30 single crate; Golden Drops, 85c. Grapei,
'i'okays, 7Scgsl 40 single rrate; White Corftl
chons, 95c; Muscats, 50c. Peaches, Stilson, $105
box; Late Crawfords, 75cS$l 05; Susquehanna,
80c. Nectarines— Red, 85c single crate; White,
50c. Twenty cars sold.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, Sept. 6.— The wool market Bhows
no material change. The demand continues to
be quiet and values are steady. Territory
wools are leading in Bales at prices about 47®
4Sc for scoured, fine medium and fine, with
choice lines at 50^:>2c. Fleece wools continue
low, but dealers are not Inclined to give way
in the least. For XX and above they are call
ing for 299300. The market for Australian
wools holdb miii, but the local demand is small.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Sept. 6.— Consols, 110 7-16; silver.
27% d; French rentes, 103f 324 c; wheat carsoee
off coast, nominal, unchanged; cargoes on
passage, buyers and sellers apart; No. 1 stand
ard California, 2»s 6d; Walla Walla, 27s 9d;
English country markets, quieter.
LIVERPOOL, Sept. 6.— Wheat, dull; wheat in
Paris, dull; flour In Paris, easy; French coun
try markets, easy.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 9-32 d.
CLOSE.
WHEAT— Spot No. 2 red Western winter
Fteady, 5s 54d; No. 1 red Northern spring
steady, 6s 74d; futures closed steady, Septem
ber. 5s *Sd; December, 5s *fed.
Imports of wheat into Liverpool during the
w<vk: From Atlantic ports, 57.000 qrs; from
Paiillc ports, none; from other ports, 32.000 qrs.
Imports of corn from Atlantic ports during
the week, 70,300 qrs.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. Sept. «.— Exchanges, |410,
496; balances, $61,616.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Or., Sept. 6— There Is very lit
tle wheat moving lit this city, but some buy-
Ing Is reported by warehouse men in the In
terior. Exporters In the interior will not offer
over 53ig54c for Walla Walla in this city, but
reports from the interior state that as high
as 56c has been offered for Walla Walla and
60c for Blue Stem.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash., Sept. 6.— Wheat, steady;
Club, 54©56 c; Blue Stem, E9c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — ' $4 «4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86
Sterling Cables — 4 56%
New York Exchange, sight — 15 •
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 174
Fine Silver, per ounce — 60V4
Mexican Dollars 46 464
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are still nominal at
23s 9d, usual options. The chartered wheat
fleet in port has a registered tonnage of 15,-
SK, against 83,900 tons on the same date last
year; disengaged. 35.500 tons, against 76,300; on
the way •to this port, 179,500 : tons, against
215,700. -' r-1
■■WHEAT — The market opened unchanged as
far as Spot Wh«>at was concerned, but futures
did better. Still, there is no life to the mar
ket.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 10@l 124; milling,
$1 175i@l 20.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session — 9:15 o'clock — December—
ctlß, $1 13; 4000, $1 13%; 2000, $1 13-H-
Second session— December— 2ooo ctls, $1 144 V
6000, $1 14%; 18,000, $1 i4S; h.ooo, $i 144; iß,ooo,
$1 »>.;.
Regular morning session— December — ctls.
, $1 144: COO, $1 14%; 8000. $1 14*«; 4000, $1 14%.
Afternoon session— Decembsr ctls, $1 14;
14,000, $1 144. ' ■
BARLEY— The market seemed steadier and
dealers quoted a small advance for Spot Feed.
Feed, $1 15@1 20; -Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— sales. ,
Becond session — sales. ',
Regular morning session — December — 2000 ctls.
$1 16.
*• Afternoon session— No sales.
OATS— Values show no further , disturbance.
Offerings are ample for all needs. Fancy feed,
$1 25 per ctl; good to choice, $1 VTU.<?il 224; com
mon, $1 lO@l IS; Surprise, $1 25<gl 30; Gray
|1 15(31 20; milling, $1 20^1 25 per ctl.
CORN— Is hardly / anything going on
and quotations .remain without change. Small
round yellow, $125; Eastern large yellow,
$1 07H; white, $1 15; mixed. $1 05@l 07V4 per ctl.
RYJS-il 15&1 174 per ctL
BUCKWHEAT— SI 75@1 85 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
The last China steamer took out 12,790 bbls
Flour. The market shows no change what
ever. .
FLOUR— Family extras, H 15@4 25; baker*'
extras, $4>Ti4 15 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS-Prices in sacks are as -fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, J3 25 per 100 rbs; Rye Flour. $2 75 per 100; '
Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal. $2 60; extra cream
Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat Groats,
$4 50; Hominy, $3 25@3 50; Buckwheat Flour, 14
(§4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina, $4 50;
AVhole Wheat Flour, $3 60; Rolled Oats (bar
rels). $5 55476 25: In sacks, $5 65@6 05; Pearl Bar
ley, $5; Split Peas, 14 25; Green Peas, $4 50->per
ioo n>s. . 'i -\
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Receipts of Hay since last Saturday are 2043
tons, Including ISO tons from outside sources.
The market continues depressed under this
continued flood, as shown by the downward
tendency In prices.
The lesson to be learned from this year's ex
perience Is simple. It Is that every farmer
who raises Hay for the San Francisco market
ought to provide himself with buildings for
storing it, unless he expects to sacrifice his
crop. The enormous crop raised in Sonoma
County this year is being thrown on the market
in great quantities owing to this very defl
° MIDDLINGS— SIB®2O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $25 per ton-
Oilcake Meal at the mill, J3lff3l 50; lobbing
$32^32 50; Cocoanut Cake, $24<925; Cottonseed
Meal, $25(7?30 per ton; Cornmeal, |23®23 50-
Cracked Corn, $21(524 50.
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat, $15 50@16 50 for
good and $13^15 for lower grades; no fancy
coming in; Wheat and Oat, $13<3>15- Oat
$12 50® 14; Barley. ; Island Barley, $ll(ffi2'-
Alfalfa, $11 60@12 50; Stock, $10; Clover, nomi
nal.
OUTSIDE HAY— (From Oregon. Utah, etc )—
Whoat. $12<j?13 M>; Oat, $12@13; Cheat, $10^12-
Timothy. $10<S12 50; Alfalfa, $10@ll per ton
STRAW— 3OQ 50c per baley
BEANS AND SEEDS.
There Is nothing new to report under this
head. The demand for both Beans and Seeds
is slow.
BEANS— Bayos, "$2 25<g 2 40; Small Whites,
$1 90©2 10; Large Whites, $1 75@1 90; ; Pinks.
$2 25@2 35; Reds, : nominal; ; Blackeye, - $3 15@
3 25; -Butters, nominal; Limas, $3@3 15; Pea
$1 90(^2 05; Red Kidneys, $2 60®2 75 per ctl.
SEEDS-lirown Mustard,' $1 25@4 60 per ctl-
Yellow Mustard, . M(&4 12Vj. Flax, nominal, J2@
2 10; Canary Seed, 2%Ci)2%c ' per , Ib; , ; Alfalfa
from Utah. 6c;-Hape, 2»4,#3%c;:Hemp,-2sitj:3c:
Timothy, 6®sy c. V v *.**.•,'
DRIKD PEAS— |1 76@1 90; Green, J2 25
per ctl. v ■.■ -
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Tomatoes and Corn rule firm* at- the im
proved • quotations. Sweet X Potatoes are ■■'•. In
larger 6upply. ; ; Another shtpmant .of .' Onions
Koeß . to Australia i to-day. :' . . •■
' POTATOES— .* in Backs ' for Early Rose
and 40®63c •In i sacks : and " 60c@$l '- In - boxes for
Burbanks; ■ Salinas ; Hurbanks, 75c@$l 25; ' Sweet
Potatoes.' l>,vSs2'.ic per Ib. , ■
ONIONS— 6O@7Sc , per ctl for yellow. Pickle
Onions, 75c4f1l per- ctl. ■ . ' ,
VEGETABLES — Green Peas, 6c; ' String
Beans, nominal; , Lima Beans, 2H@ ! 3c; Bay
Squash, 25©30 c; . Green ' ". Peppers, - . 35@50c for
Chile and 35@50c for . :» Bell; ■ Cabbage. 50c per
ctl ;: Carrots, 30@50c per sack; Bay Cucumbers
25ig JOc ; ' Pickles, Jl 50@l 65 for No. 1 : and 75c@<l
for No. 2: >■ River ..Tomatoes, 30@60c; Bay
Tomatoes, 35(?T60c; Green ■ Corn. 65cS?$l : per sack
for ■ Vacavllle, $I@l 60 ; per , crate for Alameda,
75c(ff$l for : Berkeley; Garlic. 2@2^c/ per ny
Green Okra, 40@66c;.. Esrg: 1 Plant, Ss#soc 'per
box; Marrowfat Squash. $12@15 per ton. "i*«-
- EVAPORATED . .VEGETABLES — Potatoes,"
sliced, raw, 12c per It) in * lots . of 25 lbs; sliced
desiccated, 16@18c; .- granulated, ' ', raw : 13c;
Onions, 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18c; Cab
bage. 30c; Sweet Potatoes. 30c; Turnips, 25c;
String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 60c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
The market is well supplied and prices range
about the same.
A car load of Eastern sold at 10c for Turkeys.
$4 for Ducks, $C@6 50 for« Hens, $7 50 for young
Roosters, $5 for old Roosters and Fryers and
*3 50<§,4 50 for Broilers.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 14©16 c for Gob
blers and 12u.(313c for Hens; Geese per pain
$1 35^1 50; Goslings, $1 50@l 75; Ducks, Wrtf , oO
for old and $3'a4 50 for young; Hens. UUj>:
Roosters, young," $5 50ft 6; Roosters, old, ?4rg4 50;
Fryers, $4 EMM; Broilers, *3 60<ff4 for large, *2 50
(S3 for small; Pigeons. $1 25<G1 50 per dozen for
young and $1 25®1 50 for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Stocks of Butter are more moderate and the
market Is generally quoted firmer. There Is
no change In Eggs and Cheese, both being
quiet with ample supplies.
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 25@26c; seconds,
24c.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 21@230; common
gr plckied' Good's— Firkin, lS^Oc; pickled roll,
21ifi22'4c; creamery- tub, 20^22c.
Eastern Butter-Ladle packed, 16@16%c per
CHE^SE^-Cholce' mild new, lOS'llc; old, S%@
9Vic; Cream Cheddar, JOfflllc; l"oung America,
BOGS— 6anch EKgs,"ll(S2sc per dozen; store
Eggs, 14@lJ%c; Eastern, 14@16c for ordinary
and 17@lSc for fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The market is dull and. featureless. Supplies
of all kinds except Pt6ms and strictly fine
Pears are sufficient for the demand, though
there Is no serious accumulation In stock. Re
ceipts of Berries are small. Grapes show no
life.
DKCIDTJOTTB FRUITS—
Strawberries, $3#4 per chest for largo and
Figs, °35^£0c for white and 50@750 for black,
Cantaloupes', KO7se per crate; Nutmegs, 16®
40c p*r box; Watermelons, $15(g20 per hundred
for large and $D@l2 for small to medium.
Huckleberries, 7c per lt>.
Quinces, 35<g'65c per box.
Pomegranates, 75c per small box.
Red Nectarines, 60£75 c; White r»ectartnes,
nominal. , , _
White Grapes, 25<g\i0c per box: Black Grapes,
25»40c; Muscats, 3C'j<6sc; Seedless, 60<g>7ac; To
kay. SSOGOc; crates sell about 10c higher than
boxes; Isabellas, $1 per crate.
Blackberries, $2<55 per chest.
Plums, 4C-y6oc per crate and 20@>5Oc per box;
In bulk. $12 60830 per ton.
Peaches. GoGssc per box for good to choice
and 35#40c for common stock; clings, $20<8'W)
per ton; freestones, J20(g40.
Raspberrleß. $6<§B per cheht.
Apples, 35(5 60c for common, 75cgF$l per box
for No. 1 and fl 25 for choice. «^_
Bartlett Pears, $K<7l 50 per box and $4fxft. r >o
per ton for No. 1 and 60©75 c per box and *20«3i
per ton for ripe and inferior stock.
CITRUS FRUlTS— Grants. $11} 1 CO for Va
lencia^. Jlftl 25 for St. Michaels, 7Scvfl for
Mediterranean Sweets and 'M'a'iio for Seedlings;
Lemons, $1 50® 2 50 for common and $3ig4 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes, $r.£fic; Califor
nia Limes, 76c0fl ■"": Bananas, $1 20® 2 25 per
bunch; Pineapples. J3i?f4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS. RAISINS, ETC.
It Is beginning to look as If the fruit crop
of the whole world would be more or less short
this year. We know already that Apricots,
Peaches and Prunes are short In California,
but similar reports are now coming In from
all quarters. Thus the Eastern Apple crop
is reported seriously deficient by the Govern
ment report, and the Prune crop of Bosnia and
Servla, which Eastern buyers have been hold-
Ing up as Immense to the detriment of the Cal
ifornia product. is now found to have suffered
severely by a prolonged drought, and Is run
ning to small sizes, like the California crop,
and now the Grape crop of Northern Califor
nia is< turning out less than expected. In fact,
this Is decidedly an oft year In fruit, not only
In America, but In Europe as well.
Prices for all descriptions remain about the
same. The market rules dull, chiefly on ac
count of the extreme hot weather In the East,
which checks the demand. The feeling, how
ever, Is steady, and whenever a change oc
curs It Is likely to be in 'the direction of an
advance.
PRIED FRUIT— New Prunes, s>;@s%e for
40-50' s, <%06c for 50-CO'f, '"(f?4Hc for' «0-70"s,
3V«'4c for "O-SO's, 3V4@3V4c for 80-90's. 2%@3c for
99-100' s and 2>i<S2Hc for 100-110's; new Peaches,
7K<fiS&c for choice and 9jj'luc for fancy; new
Apricots, 9@l2c ' for Royals, and loifrl7%c for
Moorpcrks; Evaporated Apples, 6%'6j'7e", sun
dried, , 3«i4c; Black Figs. 'sacks. 2&2% c; new
Plums, ,s<fi 6c, for pitted and lJiiUe for un
pitted; new Nectarines, 6fi?7c for prime to
fancy; Pears, S@sc for quarters and 3fqr>'*c for
halves, according to color, etc. ; new Pears, 7
®7M>c for quarters and * 7%@10c for halves.
RAISINS— for two-crown, 2M>(S2»4c for
three-crown, 3<g3Hc for four-crown. 3@4c for
Seedless Sultanas, 2%@3c for Seedless Mus
catels and $1(&1 15 for London Layers; dried
Gropes. 2c. ■">>■ •• . .: •■•■-.■,
i Wttlnuts, new, 6c for hardshell. 7c for
softshell; Almonds. 3@4c for. hardshell,. 6@7c for
softshell; B l *'s9c for paper-shell; Peanuts, 4({j)
5%c ' for Eastern and 4'ic for California; Pe
cans, 6%<5 8c; Filberts. 9V4<SlOc: Brazil Nuts,
S4;!>c per lb: Cocoanuts. $4 50<f?5 per hundred.
HONEY— 9®loc for bright and 6@7c
for lower' grades; water- white extracted, sVi>3>
6c; l'-rht amber extracted, 4%<gs}ic per lb.
. BEESWAX— f per lb.
PROVISIONS. .
Quotations are undisturbed. Trade Is dull.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, .- B%c per lb for
heavy, 9c for light medium, 10% c for light, lie
for extra light and 12H@13c; for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 10v.<ffllc; . Califor
nia Hams, flUfffiOc: ■ Mess ■ Beef, $10@10 50 per
bbl; extra Mess Beef, $11.; 11 50: Family Beef,
121 i 12 50; ; extra prime Pr> k, $10; extra flear
JlS(g'lß 50; mess, $15 50@16; Smoked Beef, li@l2c
per lb. •■■■'• • .' • - [
Eastern, tierces, quoted at 6c per lb
for compound and 7V4c for pure; palls, 8c; Cali
fornia tierces, 5c per lb for compound and 7c
for pure: half barrels, 7V4c;,10-lb tins; So; 5-lb
tins. BVic. ...
COTTOLENE — Tierces. 6%®6Hc; packages
less than 300 lbs— l-lb palls, 60 In a case, 9%c;
3-lb palls, 20 in a case, B%c; 6-lb pall*. 12 In a
case, S%c; 10-lb palls, 6 in a case, B%c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 In a case. -7^c:- wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, BHc; fancy tobs, 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 794 c per lb. ' .
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
New fall Wool Is coming In, but quotations
have not yet been established. The market
continues very dull. There Is nothing doing
In Hops. The Hide market Is also «}ulet at
the old figures.
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, 9c; light, S%c; Cow
hides, 9c; Staps. 6%c; salted Kip. B%c; Calf,
9c; dry Hides Bound, 15c; culls and brands, 12c;
dry Kip and Veal, 15c; dry Calf, 17@18c;
Sheepskins, shearlings. 16#250 each: short
wool, 30G40C each; medium, eOtefßOc; long wool,
90ci|fl 10 each; Horse hides, salt. $2 26 for
large and $l'fil 75 for small; Colts, 50c; Horse
hides, dry. $1 75 for large and 7oc@sl 25 for
small: Colts, 60c.
TAI,I,mV- No. 1 rendered, 3^(S3%c per lb-
No. I. 2%f12%c; refined. 4%@4%c; Grease, Jo.
WOOL— Fall clip, Southern Mountain, 7<is'loc;
free Northern. 9(fTl2c. Spring clip— Southern
Mountain. 12 month*', 9(ffllc; San Jnftquin and
Southern, 7 months', 8(??10c; Fnothlll and
Northern, free, 12®14c; Foothill and Northern,
defective, in<^i2c; Middle County. 13<fiU6c; Hum
boldt and Mendoclno. U®V,o\ Nevada, 10®14c;
Eastern Oregon. W'Q'Uc: Vnlley Oregon, 15^rl7c.
HOPS— IB9B crop, 10@13c; 1897 crop, nominal.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 4%c; Wool
Bags, 26itf28c; San Quentln Bags, $4 85; Fruit
Bags, 6c, 6%c and 6V«c for the three grades of
white and 7®Sc for brown.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wal
lington, |8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seat
tle. $6; Bryant. $6; Coos Bay, $6; Wallsend,
$7 50; Cumberland, $13 in bulk and $14 50 In
sarljs; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel, $10 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle Gate,
$7 60; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14 In
sacks.
CORDAGE— ManiIa, 10% c; Sisal, lOHc basis.
CANNED FRUlTS— Cherries, $1 26@1 30;
Peaches, $1 35@1 60; Pears, $1 35; Apricots, $1 36.
CANNED VEGETABLES— Peas, 85c(g$l 25;
Asparagus, $1 50«J2 75; Tomatoes, 95c.
COFFEE- Costa Rica, 15%i?i17c for prime
washed; 14^1.'>c for good washed; 15(917% for
good to prime washed peaberry; 12%-»l4c for
good peaberry; Il%<ai3%c for good to prime;
lO^'gllc for good current, mixed with biack
beans; 9<j?loc for fair; s%@Bc for common to
ordinary. Salvador— ll%@l4c for good to prime
washed; ld^llc for fair washed; 12'A@14c for
good to prime washed peaberry; B*i®'9%c for
superior unwashed; B\4®B%c for good green
unwashed; llV*@ll%c for good to prime un
washed peaberry. Nicaragua— B>4@9c for good
to superior unwashed; ll@ll%c fo» good to
prime unwashed peaberry. Guatemala and
Mexican — 16Q17H-C ' or prime to fancy washed;
13V t islsc for good to strictly good washed; lOvf)
12% c for fair wasned; 7<»®9%c for medium; 5®
7c for Inferior to ordinary; 14tf>16c for good to
prime washed peaberry; ll@ll%c for good un
washed peaberry; BU<&&%c for good to superior
unwashed.
PACIFIC CODFlSH— Bundles, 4c; cases, se
lected, 4%c; imitation Eastern, uVic; boneless,
5%c; strips. 6} t (fr7%c; blocks, C»4@7c; tablets,
7%c; middles, 6%©8% c per It>; desiccated. 87% c
per dozen; pickled cod, barrels, each, $8;
pickled cod, half barrels, each. $4 50.
LEATHER— Sole Leather, heavy, 2">Q'2Sc per
tb; do medium, 24@25c; do light, 23'f2.'ic ; Rough
Leather, heavy, 24ffi25c; do light, 2S^24c; Har
ness Leather, heavy, 3O<g'3oc; do medium, 27®
30c; do light. 26<§'28c; Collar Leather. 14@15c
per foot; Kips, finished, 40<3>50c per fb; Veal
finished. 50rfi55c; Calf, finished, 75c<ff$l; Sides,
finished, 16® 17c per foot: Belt Knife Splits, 14©
16c per lb: Rough Spllte, B@loc.
OlL— California Castor Oil, cases. No. L 95c;
barrels, 90c per gallon (manufacturers' rates) ;
Linseed Oil, In barrels, boiled, 44c; raw, 42c;
cases 5c more; Lard OH, extra winter strained,
barrels, 66c; No. 1, 4Cc; cases, 6c more; China
Nut, 47@>55c per gallon; Pure Neatsfoot Oil,
barrels. 65c: cases, 70c; No. 1, barrels. sF>c;
cases, 60c: Sperm, crude, «0c: natural white,
40c; bleached white, 45c; Whale Oil. natural
white, 40c; bleached white, 45c; Pacific Rubber
Mixed Paints, white and house colors, $1 2T J
1 35 per gallon; wagon colors, $2@2 25 per gal
lon.
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE AND NAPH
THA—Water White Coal Oil. In bulk, ll%c per
gallon; IPearl Oil, In coses. 17c: Astral Oil, 17c:
Star Oil, 17c: Extra Star Oil. 21c: Elaine Oil,
22c; Eocene Oil, 19c: Deodorized Stove Gasoline.
In bulk., 12% c; in cases. Benzine,' In bulk,
lU4e: cases, 16Vic; ; 86-degree Gasoline, In bulk,
20c; In cases, 25c. ... •■-. ■■ ,..... ... .
: CANDLES— Electric Light Candles— «s, IS oz.
7Hc; 6s, 14 oz, 6Vjc; 6s, 12 oz,,6Hc; 6s, 10 02,
4Vjc: Granite (Mining) Candles— 6s, 16 oz, B%e;
6s, 14 oz, ~\c; 6s, 12 o«, 7>4c; 6s, 10 oz, 6Vic;
Parafflne Wax Candles— ls, 2s, 4s, 6s, 12s, white,
8c; colored, 6c. % < ', ■
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at ; 6<g>7c i>er Ib.
TURPENTINE— In cases, 48c; In Iron barrels,
43c; In wooden barrels, 45c per gallon. ,
LUCOL— Boiled, barrels. • 39c; raw, barrels,
87c ; - cases, 6c more. "•■'>■. -Wft iMxiWH^-Br^jßß^^B
QUICKSILVER— S42 50<3>43 per flask. .
J. SUGAR— The Western Sugar Reflnlng ; Com
pany quotes, terms : net ■ cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed. > 7c: Powdered, 6V4c; Candy
Granulated, 6c; Dry Granulated, 5%c: Confec
tioners* i A, 5%e: Magnolia A, . 6%c: Extra C,
6%c» Golden C. 6\Lc; California A. 6%c per lb;
half barrels, fee more than barrels, and boxes
&c more. - • ' '■ .
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
. All descriptions remain undisturbed. Arrivals
•about balance the demand. \
BEEF— First quality, 6^4c: second quality,
sH@6c; third quality, 4%<§'sc. *
VEAL— Lar*e, 4@6c;. small, 6@7e per Tt>-^ ,
MUTTON— 6@70; Ewes, 6@6^c
per lb. ■ ■ ' . -
LAMB— Spring. 7H@Bc per. lt>. : . .'„
PORK— Live jHogs, 3^@3%c for large, *<3HV*c
for medium and 3"4®3V4c for - small; stock
Hogs, 2«S3c; dressed Hogs, 6V4@6%c.
LUMBER. i ETC.
POSTS— 120 each for No. 1 and 6@Bofor
No. 2.
; LUMBER— prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary , sizes,' $15 50(518; extra ; sizes, higher;
Redwood. $16@18 for. No. 1 and $13@15 for No.
2; Lath, 4 feet, $2 15@2 25; > Pickets, $15; Shin
gles, '$150 ' for common and '$2 50 for fancy;
Shakes, $11 for split and $12 for sawn; Rustic,
$17@23.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE. '
For Two ; Days.
Flour, qr sks ... 11,3% Hides, no ' 985
Wheat, ctls ..... 1.715 Hops, bales . 76
Barley, ■ ctls ..... 2,375 Wool, bales ..... 338
Oats, ctls 840 Eggs, doz 8,970
Corn, ctls 1.050 Quicksilver, flsk. 236
Cheese, ctls 30 Leather. . rolls ... 274
Butter, ctls ..... 268 Lumber, ft ..... 30,000
Potatoes, *ks ... 6,7(32 Wine, : gals 117,250
Onions, sks 1,214 Lime, bbls 1.200
Bran, sks ....... 65 Raisins, bxs .... 700
Middlings, sks .. 850 Sugar, bxs : 1,652
Hay, tons 1,845 Do car ■..'....... 1
Straw, tons , 5 Chicory, bbls ... 8-
Pelts, bdls ...... 4.". .
OREGON.
Wheat, etls 19.760, 0at5, ctls 4.940
Flour, qr sks ... 14,504' Hay. tons 160
Barley, ctls ..... 11.70B: Millstuffs. »ks .. 4,840
Bran, sks I,fi'.i2! Potatoes, sks ... 24
Wool, bales ..... 1421
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr Bks ... 4,508 I Shorts, sks- ...... 1,250
Wheat, ctls ..... 6,e«0 Middlings, ska .. 320
Barley, ctls 4.250 Oats, ctls ....... . 290
Bran, sks 2,025 Wool, bales 63
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 400!
NEVADA.
Hay, trns 10 i
Ha * tons UTAH. .....;.......
Hay, tons 101
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks were somewhat firmer and
prices showed a slight advance.
, Local securities ranged about the same.
The Pacific Gas Improvement Company will
pay a monthly dividend of 50c per share on
the 10th.
The San Jose Water Company will pay a
monthly dividend of 50c per share on the 10th.
The following ore shipments were made by
rail from the mines of Eureka and Hamilton
districts, Npv., for the week ending Septem
ber 2: Diamond mine, 66,540 pounds; Excelsior,
32.130; Jackson, 36,920; Richmond, 53, 150. From
Hamilton: Roeco, Lani A Co., 102,610; Roceo,
Smith & Jackßon. 61.980; Paul Bros., 17,410;
McEllln. 46.220; Gus Simons, 39,990.
The mining dividends for August were as fol
lows: Anchoria Iceland. $6000; Bullion-Beck
and Ohamplcn. $10,000; Bunker Hill and Sulli
van, $21.00u; Boston and Montana, $750,000; Em
pire State, $7500; Florence, $5000; Golden Cycle,
$5000; Gold Coin, $10,000; Grand Central, $31,250;
Holy Terror. $i<000; Homestake, $62,500; High
land. $20,000: Jamison, J19.500; Llllle. $10,000;
Mammoth. $20,000; Mercur, $25,000; Modoc, $20,
000; Moon-Anchor, $45,000; Pioneer, $12,500;
Pennsylvania, $2575: Portland, $45,000; Sacra
mento $5000; Silver """King, $37,500; Swansea,
$5000; South Swansea, $7500; Standard Con, $17,
839; War Eagle, $30,000. Total, $1,237,669.
STOCK AND BOND EJCCHANGB.
TUESDAT, Sept. 6—2 p. m.
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
U B Bonds— Mutual El Co. 11 12
4s fiuar e0up..111%112% Oakland Gas.. -62 ;V> 4
4s quar reg...Uo 110% Pac Gas Imp.. 55% 89%
4s quar new. ..127 127»4 Pac L Co 48 49
3s new 104%105 B F Q A E... SS% 88%
Miscellaneous — San Fran .... 3% 3%
Cal-st Cab 55. 114^116 Stockton Gas.. 13 —
Cal El 6s 125 — Insurance —
C C Wat 55.. .100 101 Flrem's Fund. 2oo —
Dup-st ex c... — 98% Bank Stocks—
E L A P 65... 130% — Anglo-Cal , 64 66%
F& Cl Ry 6s. 114 — Bank of Cal.. — 247%
Geary-st R 6s. S3 100 Cal SD & T.. — 99
H C&S 4> s.IOO 105 First Nat 205 —
L AL Co 65.. — 100 Lon P & A....125% —
Do gntd 65.. 98 100 Mer Exchange 14 15
Market-st 65...126% — Nev Nat 8....W1 165
Do Ist M 55.113»4113H Savings Banks-
Nat Vln fis lsts — 97% Ger S & L. .1560 —
N C NGRy 7s. 104 106% Hum S & L.1050 1160
N Ry Cal 65.. 110 112 Mutual Say. — 42%
N Ry cal 55..104T4 — S F Say U.. 490 COO
NPC R R 65. 103 105 S& L 50.... — 98
NPC R R ss. 100 101 Security S B 300 350
N Cal R R ss. — — Union T Co. looo —
Oak Gas 6e....101 — Street Railroads-
Do 2d is 55..1f>9% — California ....107 110
Om Ry 6s 127%129 Geary /.... 40 —
P & CI Ry 6s.in.VilO6 Markrt-st ..... 54 64%
P & O 6s 113% — Presidio S% —
Powell-«t 6s . .117M20 Powder-
Reno W L&L.100 — California ....132%149
Pac El Ry 55. 100 — E Dynamite... 85 —
S F A N P 55.109 109% Giant Con Co. 49% 50
SlerraßCal 6s. — 103 Vigorit 2 3%
8 P of Ar 6b..105% — Miscellaneous—
S P Cal 6s 110 — Al Pac Assn..loo%lol
SPC Is eg ss. 102 — . Gen Ld Wk5..1,40 —
S PHr 6s 115%120 Hana P C 0.... IStf, 18%
8 V Wat 05...U6<4 — H C & S Co.. 27 27%
S V Wat 45... 102*4 103 Hu^ch S P Co. 5»% 59Vi
Stock Gas fi5..102 — Mer Ex Asift. »0 —
Water Stocks— Nat Vln C 0... — 6%
Contra Costa.. 52%— Oceanic S Co. 57 68
Martn Co 50 — Pacific AF A. 1% 1%
Spring Valley. 99% — Pac Bot C 0....100. ...100 104
Gas A Electric— Par Paint Co. 7 —
Cent Gaslight. loß —
Morning Session.
$6000 Edison LAP Bonds V.l 00
20 Giant Powder Con 49 75
200 Hawaiian Commercial A Sugar 26 87%
250 do do 27 00
r Hutchinson S P Co 59 00
000 Market-st Ry Con Bonds 6b 113 25 .
470 Hana Plantation Co 18 50
100 do do b 3 18 50
10 Oakland Gas 52 00
160 S F Gas & Electric Co 88 50
30 Spring Vnlley Water 99 60
ICO Vigorit Powder 2 37%
Afternoon Session.
5 Alaska Packers' Association 100 00
60 Hana Plantation Co 18 50
7fi do do 18 37%
600 Hawaiian Commercial A Sugar 27 12%
1360 do do 27 25
6 S F Gas tt Electric Co 88 50
60 do do 88 62 V.
5 Spring Valley Water 99 62%
15 do do t. 99 75
65 do do A. 99 R7%
1 do do 100 00
Street—
60 Nevada National Bank 162 00
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
30 Giant Powder 49 75
15 do do 49 62%
105 Hawaiian Commercial A Sugar 27 00
25 Sprln* Valley Water 99 62%
60 Vigorit Powder V 2 23
Afternoon Session.
300 Hawaiian Commercial A Sugar 27 12%
60 Hutchinson S P Co 69 12%
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the Ban Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Bullion 031100 Challenge 16
300 Con Cal & Va.... 40 800 Justice n
600 44 200 Mexican 16
200 421400 Potosl 16
Afternoon Session.
400 Eest & Belcher. 14 50 U
200 Chollar 15 200 Occidental 63
600 Con Cal A Va.... 42 400 Ophir 18
100 Gould & Curry.. 15 1
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Belcher 16)300 13
200 16 400 "' 14
300 Best A Belcher. 14 600 Ophlr ]9
600 Caledonia 19 300  20
400 Con Cal A Va_... 3? 300 Union Con '.'.'.'.'.'. 15
100 Confidence- 38 500 Utah .. 07
300 Justice 12 200 Yellow Jacket... 15
200 Mexican 15
Afternoon Session.
300 Belcher 16 200 Ophir ... 19
400 Best A Belcher. 14 300 ... '
300 Chollar 15 300 Savage 1?
300 Con Cal A Va.... 41 200
200 Qould A Curry.. IS 100 Sierra Nevada" 62
*», — ••• 1« 500 Union Con ....:: 15
8w Mexican 15
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAT, Sept. 6—4 p. m.
Bld.Ask. BM A.tr
Alpha 02 04 Julia - oi
Alta — 10 Kentuck 05 OG
A" 11 "-? 07 OS Lady Wash ... — 01
Belcher . 15 15 Mexican 15 16
Benton Con ... 06 _ Occidental 64 -
Best A Belcher 14 15 Ophlr 18 20
Bullion 02 - >erman _ o«
Caledonia lg 19 p ot0 sl 16 17
Chollar 14 10 3avage v 12
Challenge Con. 14 15 Scorpion 02 —
Confidence 38 40 Seg Belcher ..03 04
Con Cal & Va. 41 42 Sierra Nevada. 69 61
Con Imperial .. — 01 Silver Hill — 15
Crown Point ..13 14 Syndicate — 03
Con New York. — 03 Standard 150 —
Bxchequer — 04 Union Con i 4 16
Gould & Curry. 14 16 Utah * 06 C 7
Hale & Norcrs. 80 So Yellow Jacket.\ 15 16
ASSESSMENTS PENDING.
Day of
Sale.
& N'orcross.
113
95
U
2S
74
S4
M
15
73
..July 12! 10
..July 5:. .5ept. 22 10
..July 151. .5ept. 29 15
..July 29'.. 0ct. 4 03
..Aug. 7 ..Sept. 29 05
..Aug. 7!.. 5ept. 29 10
|.. Aug. 28].. Sept. 26 1 05
..Sept. 4i.. Oct. 11 20
'..Sept. 9]. . Oct. 3 15
n Point
I & Curry...
ta Con
BEWARE CYCLISTS 1 LOCKJAW.
Cyclists' hump was followed by cyclists'
heart, and this latter has In turn been
succeeded by cyclists' lockjaw. Until the
other day the leading- case was that of
the gentleman who found himself landed
on a dustheap. Nothing worse appeared
to have happened to him than a scratch
upon his nose. But the microbe of te
tanus, it Is alleged, was on that dust
heap, watching its opportunity, and it
found it in that abraded organ, with fatal
results to the owner. More recently there
has been the case of an Essex clergyman
How the microbe effected a lodgment in
this victim is not so clear. He does not
seem to have been open to the attack in
consequence of any abrasion; but a scien
tific contemporary is inclined to think
that he must have been riding open
mouthed and that the microbe was ab
sorbed in that way. The moral, it is
pointed out, is that the cyclist should
breathe through his nose and keep his
mouth shut, and there is no doubt that
in a considerable number of cyclists this
form of lockjaw would not only be good
for them but would be much appreciated
by other people.— Pall Mall Gazette.
THJB ; CAT/F5 CALENDAR.
September, 3598.
Th.
1
3
Moos Phases.
/3-Lut Quarter,
M. BeptemberT.
fiS Ke*Moon. .
1 VI? September 15.
t
v
"a"
t
II
•jkFlrnt Qua-ter.
J> 3ep', ember 23
©mi. Voon.
\£) September 29.
»
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the T'nited States Hydrographic
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, 18
'maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street. Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory. Mare Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any. Is published
in the morning papers the following day.
CHAS. P. WELCH,
Ensign (retired), U. S. N., in charge.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal., Sep
tember 6, IS9B.
The Hydrographic Office, Washington, D. C,
reports that the ocean current report which
was thrown overboard by Captain P. Molgnard
of the British ship Garsdale on July 12, 1596,
In latitude 47 degrees 44 minutes north, longi
tude 13 degrees 2 minutes west, was found on
August 15, IS9B. on the Florida coast, seventy
miles east of Pensacola Light.
CHAS. P. WELCH,
Ensign (retired), U. S. N., in charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of: High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY, BEPTEMBER 7.
Sun rises 5:45
Sun sets 6:31
Moon rises 10:36 p. m.
Feet.
I
7
9:2S
10:44
H W
S:4S
9:25
9:52
1'V.12
10:31
3:51
4:52
C.W :
12:15 '.
- 1:32
2:25 ■
3:05
3:44
4.
4j
3.
3.
3.
3.
2.
U:3S
H.W
6:03
7:11
8:10
. 9:00
9:45
0.8
4.4
o.<
n.i
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
North F0rk..... j
Glengyle .:
Washtenaw
Coos Bay ..: j
Arcata ..:...'.
Crescent City...
San Jiibc.. ......
Curarf0.........
Columbia..*.*.:.
Walla Wa11a....
A11iance.. ...:.. .
Orizaba ........ |
Pomona
C0ptic.."......:..
Slam:..
Mackinaw ..
Chllkat ::
H0mer......;....
Santa R05a....:
I'matllla
Humboldt
China and Japan
Tacoma
Newport
Coos Bay
Crescent City
Panama
Mexico
t. 7
t. 7
t. 7
t. 8
:. 8
t. 8
t. 8
t. 8
t. 9
t. 9
t. 9
it. 9
t.lO
it. 10
it. 10
t.U
>t.12
t.12
it. 14
it. 14
t.14
Portland
Victoria & Puget Sound
Honolulu .
Humboldt ................
San' Diego ...............
China and Japan ........
N'analmo ■
Tacoma
Humboldt .";
! Newport ....%....
San Diego .:....'
Victoria tk. Puget Sound
Portland . . .'.•........ . .... j
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
ate of Call Portland ISept. 7. 10 amlPler 12
oana SSydney Sept. 7, 10 pm; Pier 7
inta Rosa San Diego — Sept. 8. 11 am Pier 11
ueen Vie & Pgt Sd. Sept. 8. 10 amjPler 9
rapuleo ..Panama ISept. 8.12 mIPMSS
lllkat Humboldt ISept. 8, 9 amlPier II
nvarro ... Yaqulna Bay. |Sept. 8, 5 pm! Pier 13
en*yle ... ChlnaA Japan Sept. 10, IpnVPMSS
W. Elder Portland Sept. 10, 10 ami Pier II
>os Bay... Newport Sept. 10. ? amlPler 11
rcata [Coos Bay ISept. 10, 10 ampler 13
-izaba — IHumboldt ISept. 11, 10 am Pier 9
>mona ....ISan Diego.... Sept. 12, 11 amlPler 11
)lumbla .. Portland Sept. 13, 10 am Pier 12
>lumbla .. Portland Sepv 13, 10 am Pier U
alia Wall V|p & Pirt Sd. Sept. 13, 10 am Pier s
Pier.
Pier 12
Pier 7
Pier 11
Pier 9
U
Homer
omer | Newport | Sept. 14, 9 am j Pier 11
TIME BALL.
Branch HydrogTaphlc Office, U. S N . Mer
chants 1 Exchange, San Francisco, Cal., Sep
tember 6, IS9B.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at S
p. m. Greenwich mean time.
CHAS. P. WELCH.
Ensign (retired), U. S. N., in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, September «.
Stmr Empire, Nelson, 51V4 hours from Coos
Bay.
Stmr Jennie Esser, 9 days 8 hours from
Cooks Inlet.
Stmr George W Elder. Hlnkle, — hours from
Portland, via Astoria 49 hours.
Stmr Sequoia, Thwing, 17 hours from Fort
Bragg.
Stmr Progreao, OUboy, 80 hours from Seat
tle.
Htmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 61 hours from
San Diego.
Bchr Sacramento, Forest, 3 days from Shel
ter Cove.
Schr Amethyst, Johannisen, 3<i days from
Needle Rock.
Stmr Charles Nelson, Anderson. 20 hours from
Eureka.
CLEARED.
Tuesday. September t.
Stmr Homer, Jessen, San Pedro; Goodall.
Perkins & Co.
fitmr State of California, Thomas, Astoria;
Goodall, Perkins & Co. _
Stmr National City, Anderson, Astoria; Gray
& Mitchell.
Brig W G Irwln. Williams, Honolulu; J D
Spreckels A Bros Co.
Srhr KRte and Anns. Anderson, sea otter
hunting; Charles Lutjen*.
SAILED.
Tuesdny, September 8.
Stmr Oonrge Loomls. Brldgett, Ventura.
Stmr Homer. Jessen, Pin Pedro.
Stmr Minoola, David. Tacoma.
Stmr Laguna, Petereon.
Stmr Cleone, Miller. Point Arena.
Stmr National City, Anderson, Astoria.
Stmr Jewel, Madsen, Caspar.
Bark Ceylon, Calhoun. Departure Bay y
Stn-.r Alex Duncan, Gielow, Santa Cruz
S°ll r Lln,aL I n , a Bw «"«*. Topfer, Port Blakeley.
Schr Albion, Ooodmanson.
Schr Nettie Low, Lou-, Point Reyes.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Sept 6-10 p. m.-Weather
foggy; wind, SW; velocity, 14 miles.
CHARTERS.
ro Th « E ma laudlna loads lumber at Tacoma
for Honipu; Eureka, redwood at Eureka for
Honolulu; W H Talbot, lumber on the a Und
MIS»"ELLANEOrS..
LONDON, Sept &-Br ship Inchcape Rock at
Penarth caught fire in the fore hold yester-
T y r>vo^^' as c extlnsuished with little damai?..
_ LONDON. Sept 3-Br ship Eaton Hall, from
f r nn a Fea for ten Francisco, put into Rio de
t nvJl" 1 deck "nmaged and boats lost.
LONDON, Sept 3-Hr ship Gienerlcht pre
viously reported In collision oft Cape Horn at
Montevideo lost mlzzen mast.
MEMORANDUM.
Per stmr Jennie from Cooks Inlet Se-it fi—
Towed ship Centennial to sea on Aur 26 with
40,000 cases of salmon. Left in port the rtmr
Dora and stmr Golden Gate. The miners at
Cooks Inlet have not done much prospect inir
this season on account of the creeks belnc over
flown. It having rained for six weeks
SPOKEN.
July 17-Lat 27 S lons 44 W, Ital ship Mac
dlarmld, from Hull, for San Francisco
Aug S— l,at 12 g, lone; 27 W, Ger ship' Artrud
from Portland, for Queonstown.
July 23-4-Lat 7 S, Ions? 29 \V. ship St Francis,
from New York, for Honolulu.
Aug 11— No position— ship Shenandoah from
Baltimore, for San Francisco.
Aug 11— Lat 12 S, long 35 W. ship Tlllie B
Starbuck from Philadelphia, for San Fran
cisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORlA— Arrived Sept 6— Br bark Largo
Bay, from Shanghai.
KT'REK A— Arrived Sept 6— Stmr Orizaba,
hence .'j»'pt Si sihr C T Hill, hence Aug 19.
Sailed Sept G— Schr Sparrow, for San Fran
cisco.
BAM PEDRO— Arrived Aug 6— Stmr Coquille
River, hence Sept 4.
Sailed Sept 6— Schr Mabel Gray, for San
Francisco. •■
POINT ARENA— Sailed Sept 6— Stmr Alca
traz. for Port I-ios Angeles.
FORT ROSS— Sailed Sept 6— Schr La Chilena
for San Francisco.
EUREKA— SaiIed Sept 6— Stmr North Fork.
for San Francisco.
PRATTLE— Arrived Sept 6— Stmr Willamette,
hence Sept 2.
T'SAL/ — Arrived Sept 6 — Stmr Newsboy, hno
Sept fc
Sailed Sept 6— Schr Neptune, for San Fran
cisco.
El'REK A— Arrived Aug s— Stmr Scotia, hnca
Sept 4.
Sailed Sept s— Stmr Chllkat. for San Fran-
INALASKA and DUTCH HARBOR— In port
Aug 27— H B M stmrs Amphion and Caras; stm
Leelanaw and tug A E Hamlll; ship Stntram;
barks James Nesmith and Carrollton; Br ship
name unknown.
Sailed Aug 26 — Stmr Fulton, for St Michael.
Sailed Aug 27— U S stmr Wheeling, for Princa
William Sound.
To sail Aug 28— Stmr Leelanaw, with tow.
Sailed Aug 27— Stmr Bertha with barge In
tow.
ST MICHAEL— SaiIed Aug 19— Bark Alex Mc-
Neil, for Puget Sound. Aug Zl— Pchr Lyman
D Foster, for Puget Sound. Aug 23 — Bark
Highland Light, for Seattle; stmr Protection,
for Seattle.
Aug 24— About 120 miles from St Michael
passed the stmr Sunnl.
Aug 13— Spoke ship Wachusett close under
Unlrrak Pass.
Vessels in port at St Michael Aug 23— Br stm
Garonne; barks Rufus E Wood and Humor;
bktn Ruth: brigs Oneva •»»•* Harriet G; Bchrs
MRry Bldwell, William Bowden. Mildred.
Fisher Bros. Xellle Colman, Jessie, Lizzie
Colby and Inca.
TACOMA— Arrived Sept 6— Sch Annie Larsen.
from LIJI.
ASTORlA— Arrived Sept 2— Br ship Clack
mannanshlre, from Newcastle. NSW.
COOS BAY— Arrived Sept 6— Stmr Arcata, hne
Sept 3.
TACOMA— Sailed Sept 3— Schr Vine, for San
Francisco
FORT ROSS— Arrived Sept s— Schr La Chil
ena. hence Sept 1.
NEAH BAY— Passed Sept s— Br stmr Wil
lamette, hence Sept 2, for Seattle.
PORT TOWNSEND— In port Sept fi— Bound
out. Chll bark Augusta, from Port Blakeley,
for Valparaleo.
TACOMA— Arrived Sept 5— Schr Allen A, from
Honolulu.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived S»pt 4— Schr Joseph
and Henry, from Coquille River.
FORF.IGN PORTS.
TAKU— Arrived Sert 3— Bktn John Smith,
from Chemalnuc
CALLAO— Arrived Aug 31— Br ship Dudhope-,
from Port Gamble.
QUEENRTOWN— SaiIed Sept fr-Br ship Hut
ton Hall, for Tyne.
Arrived Sept 6— Ger shin Ben Voirlich. from
Portland: Br ship Kate Thomas, hencp V ■■•'!
16: Br ship Mlstley Hall, from Portland; G»r
bark Orrud. from Oregon.
NEWCASTLE, ENG— Arrived Sept 6— Oer
ship Maenlianes. from Vancouver.
MAHI'KOXA- Sailed Aug IS— Brig Con sue>.\
for Pan Francisco.
HONOLULU— To sail Aue 23— Bktn Amrlin
for Port Townsend : schr Robert Lowers ' r
Port Townsend: U S etmr Mohican, for Par
FranclFro.
QUEENSTOW'X- Arrived Sept s— Br Imrk
Tnvercoe, hence April 16.
Sailed Sept 3- -Br ship Semantha, for Ant
werp.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pl* JL«»'"w Auckland for Sydney
ZtlfllilE salls vla Honolulu vi J
. X"" H w Auckland for Sydney
a \^— «^_- Wednesday, September
Oj/^ I * A ' 7, at 10 p. m.
StMnSninJ aS - S Australia
CyiUlllUllip fta.Us for Honolulu only
fOinp)/l|2U* We<lnes(la y. September
\winfj\jiv-i 21, at 2 p.m..
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPE .
TOWN. South Africa. ■
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents. *
i ' 114 Montgomery st.
Freight office— Market St.. San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
: Steamers leave Broadway
ttßSta^^ wharf, San Franct.«eo:
KlehHl^. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
1 |WP!_j9Mfe Sept. 3. 8. 13 1S - 23 - 28. October
KsßßiHa S, transfer at Seattle.
HS&SI.SI For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
EBSmSw C), Port Townsend. Seattle.
i^^EHiK Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes
an d New Whatcom (Wash.), 10
a m.. Sept. 3, 8. 13, 13, 23. 23.
October 3. and every fifth day thereafter.
transfer at Seattle to this company steamers
for Alaska- and O. N. Ry.. at Tacoma to N .
P. Ry.. at Vancouver to C. P. 10 a. m. Sept. .
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 10 a. m. Sep^
6. 11, 17. 23. 29, Oct. 5. and every sixth day
1 For* Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon.
Cavueos, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
Gaviota. Santa Barbara Ventura Huenene
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angles) and
Newport. 9a. ir,.. Sept. 2 *-. 10. f 14. 18, ,22. 26.
30. Oct. 4 and every fourth day thereafter
a^cSS ?Tb£X n ip'fi£.
Los Angeles aBna 8 nd I Re W. (Los rr B ocu\ n Ji. .
Ma a^ymas Alt (Me a i.) I ":0 Pa i
e Tor™rtheV information obtain^^/older R
wlTh^S,
tt *ICKET° f O»FICB-4 New Montgomery
6t GOODALL C PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agt,..
GOVUAL.U. rx^ Market st.. San Franctsco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO .
PORTLAND M
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
C«nC $12 First Class Including: Berths
IAnL $8 Second Class and Meals.
1 " IcHEDULE OF sailings:
State of California - --Sep t 7. U. 2S
w.w .a E .::::":"""-"SVpi »-22 o 'oct. 2 i
C? 1 ?au a ::.... SIG CO! St. Louis ......... 3100
K»n^s City 26 00: Chicago 24 00
J?*"!*? •• 26 00. New York •••••••• 31 00
Omana ..- E c. WARD, General Agent.
G3O Market St.
J-OOPALL, P^iaNS^ca.^
Compapie Generale Transatlantique.
French Line to Havre.
Company's pier (new) 42 North r^Rw
River, foot of Morton - at. Travelers <CfEn>
by this line - avoid both transit ' by ■£>*&&?&»
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel In a small boat. New York to
Alexandria, . Egypt, via Paris, first class. J140;
second class. $116. < .
LA CHAMPAGNE .Sept. 10, 10 a. m.
LA NAVARRE.. Sept. 17. 10 a. m.
LA N0RMAND1E........ .Sept. 24, 10 a. m. -
LA OASCOGNE..... Oct. 1. 10 a. m.
LA T0URA1NE......... Oct. 8. 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE. Apent. »
-: No. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
3. P. FUGAZI * CO.. Agents, 5 Montgomery
live.. San : Francisco. "■:-••
BAY AND RIVEB STEAMEBS.
FOR I). S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticeiio."
Mon., Tue«.. Wed., Thurs. and 5at.....;
s 9:45 a. m.. 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thur«.»
Friday* ...•..*...■.:. ..Id. m. : and 8:30 p. m.
Sunday* ........... .......10:30 a. m. »n<i lp,<D. ,f^
Landing and offleea— Mission Dock. Pier 1 • 'A
;.- . Telephone , Red 2241. . ; ';
TAKE TfiE BOAT TQ SAN JOSE.
EVERY DAY AND SUNDAY. TOO. 'at 10 a. m.
Steamer ALVISO, Clay street Wharf. Fare 76c.
Delightful I Bay ; Trip, 44 miles and -»<*>-<».
yOn Sundays. Excursion. \\.DENOUNCED
THE SCHOOLS
AS FAILURES
Oakland Councilman
Creates a Breeze.
CUVELLIER ON THE WARPATH
CLAIMS THE BOARD OF EDUCA
TION IS HYPNOTIZED.
Under the Spell of Superintendent
McClymonds, Whose Business
Is Politics, Not Edu
cation.
OAKLAND, Sept. 6.— There has never
been such excitement at a meeting of the
Board of Education as developed to-night
when Councilman Cuvellier, appearing aa
a citizen, denounced the members and
the schools of this city in the most se
vere terms. Some time ago Mr. Cuvel
lier spoke to Director Russ about an In
quiry he was making and stated that he
would like to read a paper to the Board
of Education, making some suggestions.
Mr. Cuvellier appeared to-night with his
paper, but no one was prepared for what
was to follow. The conclusion of the
paper was signaled by a perfect storm of
indignant expressions from the School Di
rectors.
"I have discovered after much re
search," said Cuvellier, "that the public
Bchool system of Oakland is a dismal
failure. The failure is complete and it
renV-ots on every member of the Board
of Education as well as on the superin
tendent and perhaps on the latter moat
of all.
"The universities at Berkeley and Stan-.
ford have declared that students who en
ter from the uakland schools are the
worst prepared of any seeking entrance to
those seals of learning:. I have consulted
with professors, teaciiers, parents and
pupils ajul all are unanimous in denounc
ing the Oakland school system as a dire
■ and complete failure. I can lind nothing
to recommend, but everything seems to
have gone to ruin. In every school the
same spirit is manifested, and the system
is a disgrace to this municipality.
"An enormous amount of money Is spent
by the School Department, for which no
adequate return is given to the taxpay
ers. Most of the money is wasted—abso
lutely wasted — and this fact at this time,
when so much money is required for
necessary Improvements, is nothing short
of a municipal calamity.
"In spite of all the booming that is
given the Oakland schools they are in re
ality the poorest in the land, and there
Is but one word to express their condi
tion — failure. 1 have cart-fully compiled
these ideas which 1 have printed, and to
morrow 1 shall place a copy in every
home in Oakland. 1 want the parents
to know what is going on. Their chil
dren's interest is now t.ie subject receiv
ing the least consideration at the hands
of the Board of Education and its super
intendent. It should be the first subject
considered, but that is so no more. The
children are crammed for the purpose
of making a false showing, but as soon
as they meet the processors of one of
our universities they find they have no
practical foundation for a university
course— that they are in fact failures.
While at Stanford recently I was told, to
my great surprise, that the worst trained
Supils that entered there are from the
an Francisco and Oakland schools. I
Investigated the matter and 1 am con
vinced that 1 was told the truth. Our
children are not receiving the education j
they shcrtiM get, T>r which is paid for. The
children are facrfficed, the taxes squaii
oei«.d.
"The members of this board are hypno
tized by Superintendent McUlymonds. No
one dares do anything contrary to his di
08, and his power extends through
out the entire board. Mr. McCymonds
is the board and politics, not education,
is his business. It is largely his fault
that ii.- .-• hools are in such a dismal
condition and are such a disgrace.'
"So notorious has their inefficiency and
cramming record become that parents are
taking their children away and there are
many less children in the schools to-day
than there should be. Particularly Is
this the case in the High School, where
there are perhaps nearly two hundred
less scholars than there were a year
ago.
"The course of study is wrong, the sys
tem of teaching is wrong and there is a
crying need of a change-.
"I have not made these remarks from
any feeling of malice, but have done it
with the kindliest of feelings and because
I have the interests of the schools at
heart."
Mr. Cuvellier did not get through with
out being interrupted, and when he con
cluded each of the Directors wanted to
speak at once. Some said it was false,
others that the Councilman had been
misinformed. John Russ was "disgusted
at such nonsense." Director Myra
Knox said that "some of the statements
were so stupid that they were not worth
a reply," and Superineiident McCly
monds doubted "if any man who would
make such statements could be sane."
"This is the most uncalled for diatribe I
ever heard," said Director Russ. "It is
an insult to us gentlemen to say we are
hypnotized by our Superintendent. If
Mr. Cuvellier wants the course of study
changed he must know that it is fixed by
the State and tnat he must begin such a
campaign in the Legislature." Amid
much confusion the communication was
referred to a committee, and Mr. Cuvel
lier retired without leaving a copy of hia
philippic with the board.
CYCLERS WILL RACE
ON GARDEN CITY PATH
BPEEDY RIDERS FOR THE AD-
MISSION DAY MEET.
Tournament of a Noted Club Attracts
the Largest Entry of the
Season.
The entries and handicaps for the an
nual meet of the Garden City Wheelmen
at San Jose on September 9, In conjunc
tion with the Native Sons' celebration,
were announced yesterday by Handi
capper R. A. Smyth. In the list will be
found the names of all the crack riders
in the State, and altogether It is {he larg
est entry for any event this year. The al
lotment of starts follows:
One-mile Handicap, first ' heat— E.
Wing, Olympic, scratch; E. A. Bozio,
Olympic, 2o yards; Howard W. Squires,
Acme, 25 yards;. lvan Treadwell, Bay City,
15 yards; Thomas White, California, 50
yards; Paul Smith, Paso Robles, 60 yards;
P. H Rosenheim, Reliance, 70 yards: Ed
ward I. McNess, Bay City... 70 -.yards;
George Franck, Reliance, v 75 yards; H. L.
• Anderson Acme, so yards; H. Robinson,
Garden City, <jf> yards; J. Young, Acme, 125
yards. ■ ,
Second heat-C. M. Smith, Garden City,
scratch; A. P. Deacon. Reliance, 20 yards;
T Va L ter o J - 14 P a1(ls0a 1(ls0n ' Bay City, 30 yards;
A. T. Smith, Acme, 45 yards; George H.
Feiris. Acme, G5 yards; A. E. Davidson,
Bay City, 70 yards; L. 8. Parsons, San
Jose Cycling Club. 7o yards; D. Manning,
Garden. City, 85 yards; Eugene Coffin, un
attached, 95 yards; James Clymer, Acme
105 yards; C. Cummings, Encinal Cyclers.
125 yards. *
Third heat— George Fuller, Olympic. 25
yards; Gail Hardenbrook, Garden City 40
yards; M. G. Curtis, Encinal Cyclers' 50
yards; H. D. Bean, Olympic, 55 • yards • D.
E. Francis, Garden City, 70 yards; Harry
M. Kennedy, Acme, 75 yards; C. Holmes
Reljanoe, 65 yards; E. -8.-.- Was tie, Garden
City,, 9s yards; G. W. Phillips, Yuba City
Road Club, 105 yards; E. N. Barnes, unat
tached, 1 100 yards; ; Fred Evans, Reliance,
130 yards. .. • '■■'. - . .
* Fourth heat— E. 'F. Russ, Olympic,
scratch; E.. J. Smithi Acme. 25 yards;
George Thorn,' Garden City, 40 ' yards; D.
G. Sylvester,; Bay City, 50 yards; M. C.
Francis, Garden City, 65 yards; 'Illtred
Letcher, ' Garden * City,' 70 ■ yards; 'A. H.
Audlffred, Reliance, 75 yards; A. Riedy,
Acme, 85 yards; C. S. Ames, Reliance, 85
yards; T. R. Thurber, unattached, 100
yards; David Arata, unattached, 135
yards.
In the foregoing race' first and second
in each heat and the third men In the two
fastest heats to qualify for the final.
Two-third mile scratch, first heat— J. E.
Wing, Olympic; George Thorn, Garden
City; Paul Smith, Paso Robles; E. B.
Wastle, Garden City; Arthur Davidson,
Bay City; E. J. Smith, Acme; M. G. Cur
tis, Encinal Cyclers; D. E. Francis, Gar
den City.
Second heat— C. M. Smith, Garden City,
George P. Fuller, Olympic: H. D. Bean,
Olympic; Ivan TreadwelC Bay City; Phil
Rosenheim, Reliance; C. S. Ames, Reli
ance; Harry M. Kennedy, Acme; T. H.
White, California.
Third heat-E. F. Russ. Olympic; H. W.
Squires, Acme; David Arata, unattached;
E. T. McNess, Bay City; George H. Fer
ris, Acme; H. Robinson. Garden City; A.
T. Smith, Acme; Fred Evans, Reliance.
Fourth heat— A. P. Deacon, Reliance; L.
S. Parsons, San Jose Cycling Club; G. W.
Phillips, Yuba City; Eugene Coffin, unat
tached; M. G. Francis, Garden City;
James Clymer, Acme; A. Riedy, Acme;
! George Franck, Reliance.
Fifth heat— E. A. Bozio, Olympic; A. H.
Audiffred, Reliance; Walter Davidson,
Bay City; Gail Hardenbrook, Garden
City; UltTed Letcher, Garden City; T. R.
Thurber, unattached; D. G. Sylvester,
Bay City.
First in each heat and second In three
fastest to qualify for the final.
In addition to the two open events there
will be a match race between J. E. Wing
of the Olympic Club Wheelmen and C. M.
Smith of the Garden City Wheelmen,
which promises to be the star attraction
of the meet. The race will be in three
heats at different distances, with multi
cycle pacing, and should be a most excit
ing contest^
THE WORK OP WOMEN.
The California Club Holds Its Pirst
Meeting After the Holidays.
The first meeting of the California Club
after a summer vacation of three months
was held yesterday afternoon in Its new
club rooms In the Young Men's Chris
tian Association building.
Mrs. Lovell White, the president, open
ed the session with a few cordial words
of greeting introductory to her report,
which briefly told of work already done
and outlined the work which the club
hopes to accomplish. The recording sec
retary, Mrs. John Jay Scoville; the cor
responding secretary Mrs. Julia George;
tho treasurer, Mrs. Hadwen Swain, and
the auditors. Miss Very and Miss Mary
Donnelly, then presented their reports,
which show that the club is In every
way in the most flourishing and satis
factory condition.
Thirty-seven applications for admission
to the club were presented and acted
upon favorably, and Mrs. George W.
Gibhs was unanimously elected honorary
president, as a graceful recognition of
her many kindnesses to the organization,
to which kindnesses she has recently
added a generous donation of $500 In to
ken of her sympathy with Its plan of
work. New committees were then ap
pointed as follows:
House committee — Mrs. J. H. Jewett
(chairman), Mrs. Charles M. Martin. Mrs.
Charles W. Slack, Mrs. Edgar Preston.
Auditing committee — Mrs. E. A. Blodg
ett (chairman), Mrs. Sidney V. Cushlng,
Mrs. Morris Newton.
Printing committee— Miss Marian Snook
(chairman). Miss Eleanor Crowdace, Miss
Mary Farquharson.
Club committee— Mrs. S. M. Shortridge.
ATTAINED ITS MAJORITY.
Knights and Ladies of Honor Cele
brate che Trwenty-First Anni
versary of the Order.
The fraternal order known as the
Knights and Ladies of Honor attained its
majority yesterday, and last night the lo
cal lodges celebrated ltß twenty-first an
niversary by an entertainment and dance
in Turn Verein Hall on Turk street. There
was a good attendance of the member
ship and friends, who were treated to a
programme of many numbers, including
ballads, recitations, instrumental music
and a flag drill by a number of small
boys and girls, members of the Juvenile
class of Turners. The drill was one of the
most attractive features and was so
warmly applauded that for an encore the
children formed a semi-circle around the
Goddess of Liberty while Lene Hachmels
ter sang the "Star-spangled Banner." Z.
T. Whitten was the master of ceremonies
and those who contributed -to the enter
tainment for the evening were: Professor
A. C. Love, Marion G. Perry. Frieda
Rehn. Hazel Schutter, Ben Grodjens,
Misses Priscllla Davles and Alice Sever
ance. Professor Werner and Misses Jessie
and Rose Lane. Mrs. L. J. Wheelock, the
grand protector, delivered a short, In
structive address on the order, and Pro
fppeur G. Widder talked on the same sub
ject. At the close of the programme there
was dancing until midnight.
The -proceeds of the evening will be for
warded to Clara Barton for the use of
the society of which she is the head.
TO GOVERN CYCLERS.
Bay City Wheelmen Elect Officers for
the Ensuing Term — Baker
& Hamilton Race.
The annual election of the Bay City
Wheelmen, the oldest cycling organiza
tion on the coast, was held in the club
house, Golden Gate avenue, last night.
The directors selected were: Frank H.
Kerrigan, Walter D. Sheldon, Theodore
C. Dodge. F. H. Waters, A. G. Reid, H.
Parkin, Henry W. Spalding. Emil Fahr
bach. E. T. Mervey, E. M. Creigh and
H. L. Day. Captain A. J. Menne. First
Lieutenant H. W. Welsh and Second
Lieutenant Walter J. Davidson were cho
sen as road officers.
The members of the road racing com
mittee of the California Associated Cy
cling Clubs have selected the 18th inst.
as the date upon which will be contested
the annual Baker & Hamilton race. En
tries will close on the 15th, at which time
the positions of the various contestants
will be determined.
It has been decided to allow unlimited
pacemaking, so the race should prove a
remarkable contest. The trophy, which
was donated by Baker & Hamilton, is
one of the most beautiful and costly ever
offered for cycling competition. It must
be won three times before becoming the
property of any club.
Black Must Suffer.
The Supreme Court has affirmed the
judgment of the lower court in the case
of John Black, who was convicted of a
felony. The charge was that Black stole
a quantity of jewelry In Canada and
brought it to this city, which under the
law is as great an offense as If the lar
ceny had been committed here. The ap
peal was based upon the technicality that
while this law applies as between States,
the court has no jurisdiction where a
foreign country is concerned. The Su
preme Court took the broader view of the
case and paid no attention to that con
tention, but affirmed the Judgment upon
the phrase, "Convicted as If such larceny
• • • had been committed in this State/
A Lunatic's Suicide.
J. C. Martin, a rancher, who resided
with his family at Healdsburg, commit
ted suicide yesterday morning by sending
a pistol bullet into his brain.
He had become infatuated with Delia
Bartlett of 229 Golden Gate avenue and
was a frequent visitor to the house. Yes
terday morning on his arrival from
Healdsburg he called at the house at
half-past 6 and rang the door bell. On
being admitted by a Mrs. Kennedy he
went upstairs to tne bathrooorn and shot
himself. He had been an inmate of the
Xapa Insane Asylum and was under
treatment for softening of the brain.
Delegates Elected.
The following delegates were elected at
the Democratic prljpary held In Baden,
San Mateo County~ for the Democratic
County Convention, on Saturday night,
after an exciting and hard fight, the reg
ulars being beaten by a narrow vote: J.
B. Wallace, M. Hawes, M. Raab, Ike
Abrams.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, September I.
Btmr Chllkat, Anderson, 30 hours from Eu-
Stmr President, Nelson, from Bristol Bay.
TRANS-ATLANTIC BTKAMERB.
NEW YORK— Satled Sept 6— etrar Tauric, for
Liverpool; Btmr Auranla, for Liverpool; Btmr
Lahn. for Bremen.
Arrived Sept fr-Btmr Weiternland, Antwerp;
Btmr Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse, Bremen.
ANTWERP— Arrived Sept 6— Stjur Noordland,
from New York.
BOULOGNE— Arrived Sept 6— Stmr Rotter
dam, New York.
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived S«pt 8 — Stmr
f-aale, from New York.
Klondike last winter, writes discouragr
lngly from Klondike City, where he was
on the 26th of July. He cays that BWO men
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1898.
MUST TAXING
THE MERCHANTS
Oakland Business Men
Raise Objections.
CLAIM THEY ARE OVERTAXED
POINT OP VIEW OP COUNCIL
MAN WOODWARD.
If He Were a Wine Merchant He
Would Not Agitate the Mat
ter for Fear of Higher
License.
i
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Sept. 6.
The Merchants' Committee having in
hand the protest against the Earl License
Ordinance now before the Council, met
this morning and heard the opinion of
Councilman Woodward in the matter.
Mr. Woodward did not give the merchants
a great deal of satisfaction. He said:
"The city should take care of its environ
ments and the money should be raised by
a tax to which all contribute. If ow would
it be better to have a general tax levy to
meet extraordinary expenses or raise the
money by special licenses? I have not as
yet decided this matter, and want to vote
the way that will meet with general ap
proval. The levy for this year will be
1.27 and with the expense of the Lake
Merritt improvements It will have to be
raised to 1.37. I think that the liquor li
cense is too high now; it should be ad
justed and others should bear their part."
George E. Fairchild said that in an
emergency year, such as this, it is surely
not good policy to lower the liquor license
and put an extra tax on merchants, to
which Councilman Woodward replied that
if he were a wine merchant he would not
agitate the matter for fear of stirring up
a license of $200 a quarter instead of 1100.
He said that doctors, lawyers, dentists,
expressmen and all classes should con
tribute to the tax.
M. J. Keller said this license matter
came up eleven years ago and it was de
cided then that the merchants should
have some recognition in the city govern
ment. The liquor license and the mer
chants' license were separate at that
time. The same conditions prevail now
that existed then. "No fair-minded citi
zen," said Mr. Keller, "will think of tax
ing the merchants further. They are
taxed now more than any other class.
The merchants create no great necessity
for protection from the city government.
AYe pay for our own special police; our
own lights, besides which we pay a large
tax on our stock and give freely to chari
ties, fairs and donations of all kinds."
H. C. Canwell, Sol Kahn. A. A. Pen
noyer, A. Salinger and others spoke on
the measure against the taxing of the
merchants and the reducing of saloon IIS
censes. The committee will meet again
to-morrow morning.
OLYMPIC CLUB ELECTION.
Officers Who "Will Strive to Place the
Great Amateur Institution on
a Sound Footing.
Owing to the fact that members of the
Olympic Club were a unit on the gen
tlemen selected by the nominating com
mittee to offlcfate during the next term,
rather meager interest was taken last
evening in the balloting for officers. In
fact, there was less scratching of names
J.C. KIRKPATRICK, the Olympic
Club's New President.
presented than has been known for many
years. The members who will pilot the
club to a safe port during the next year
are: J. C. Kirkpatrick, president; F. P.
McLennan, J. W. Mullen, H. B. Rugs, J.
A. Hammersmith, G. James, S. F. Pres
ton, J. OB. Gunn, H. V. Kamsdell, O. B.
Burns and E. G. O'Kane.
Mr. Hammersmith, as leader of the
club, promises to introduce many novel
ties and new life into the institution,
and should he see his way clear to make
changes for the better intprest and wel
fare of the club, he will doubtless rein
state Professors Watson and Belau. The
former was boxing instructor for many
years, and the latter the gymnastic in-
Btructor. Leader Howard Tayior dis
missed those important personages on the
grounds of retrenchment, but in so do
ing he secured the enmity of the young
er element of the club.
AN INHERITANCE SPENT.
Sheriff Whelan Levies on the Beal
Estate Owned by Charles
H. Lux.
Another Illustration of the ease with
which large fortunes are dissipated by the
heirs of rich men is found in the case of
Charles 11. Lux of San Jose, nephew of
the deceased millionaire, Charles Lux. All
of the property derived from the Lux es
tate in which young Charles and his wife
have an Interest will be immediately at
tached by order of the Sheriff of Santa
Clara County to satisfy a Superior Court
judgment for $11,775 obtained by the Gar
den City Bank and Trust Company in
San Jose. Notice was sent to Sheriff
Whelan yeßterday and he at once took
steps to levy attachments on the following
described pieces of real estate: At Mari
posa street and Potrero avenue, 200 feet;
south side Market street, near Eleventh,
30 feet; Twentieth and Guerrero streets,
67 feet; Fourth avenue and Platte street,
150 feet; Islais and Kentucky streets, 182
feet.
Charles H. Lux Is a young man 31
years of age. He married a well-known
society girl of San Jose a few years ago.
His share of the Lux estate amounted to
$17,500, as nearly as can be estimated.
This sum proved utterly insufficient for
his needs and indebtedness began to pile
up, which could not be carried longer.
Father Yorke Will Preach.
The regular monthly meeting of the
Catholic Truth Society will be held at
the Cathedral, Van Ness avenue, this
evening at 8 o'clock. Father Yorfce will
preach, taking for his theme, "What is
meant by the saying 'Outside the Church
No Salvation.' " This will be one of the
few opportunities afforded to ,hear the
eloquent priest before his departure for
Europe.
Alice Bix writes about the "Last
of the Kahunas" in next Sunday's
CalL
Threw Emself in Front of a Car.
Thomas Grant, ex-editor of the Califor
nia Architect, who attempted suicide Mon
day afternoon by stabbing himself with a
penknife and- jumping into Islais Creek,
made, It seems, an earlier attempt. About
11 o'clock In the morning he threw himself
in front of an electric car on Devisadero
street between Turk and Golden Gate
avenue, and was shoved along for sev
eral yards before the car was stopped.
When picked up he was uninjured. H. C.
Fiest, the motorman, identified him at the
Receiving Hospital yesterday morning.
The Insanity Commissioners decided yes
terday that Grant was only suffering from
a prolonged debauch, and he will be re
leased in a day or two.
Will Trot for Prizes.
The members of the Golden Gate Park
Driving Association held a meeting last
night at 1200 Market street to make final
preparations for the gentlemen's driving
meeting to be held at Ingleside track on
Admission day.
The following programme of races was
decided upon for the first day:
First race— Our Joe, Haviland, Steve S.
Pardee, Bishop Hero, Maud Newman.
Second race— Blanche L, George Wilkes,
Lee Rose, Locallier, Eddie S, Way Boy,
Lullaby, Thomas Sharkey, Baby.
Third race— Plunkett, Chris Petersen,
Butcher Boy, Ray Finous, Polo, Admiral
Dewey, Lottie. Dandy Pat, Fairmount
Prince.
Fourth race — Stockton Maid Alfred H,
Lazy Charley, Mable Leigh, King Craft,
Nettie R, Mamie Wilkes, Pearl G.
Special race — Al Gregor and Harvey Me.
Will of Dr. John If. Morse.
The will of the late Dr. John F. Morse,
who died a few weeks ago, has been filed
for probate. It was executed March 31,
1593, and leaves half of the estate to his
widow, Alice H. Morse, and the remain
ing half to be divided between the chil
dren in equal shares. A request is made
that his medical library and surgical in
struments be kept intact in the event that
one of his children may desire to enter
the practice of medicine. The value of
the estate is nut set forth, but the petition
for letters of administration fixes the
value at over $10.<XX>.
Not in Haste to Remarry.
Marriage License Clerk Danforth. stated
yesterday that so far as he knew none
of the persons residing in this city who
had been wedded on the high seas by the
captains of vessels, so as to evade the
California restrictions on marriage, had
yet applied for licenses to be remarrried
in legal form, although It is to be pre
sumed that most of these persons had
read of the Supreme Court decision de
claring invalid marriages by the captain
under such circumstances.
The Scott Will Contest.
Mrs. Amanda Miley, who filed a contest
to the probating of the will of the late
Angr-lia R. Scott, consented- yesterday to
a dismissal of the proceedings pending In
Judge Coffey's court. E. W. Scott, hus
band of the decedent, also contested the
will, alleging that his wife was of un
sound mind, and Judge Coffey decided ad
versely to his claim several days ago,
Scott intends appealing his contest to the
Supremo Court.
ADVEBTISEMI-NTS.
SENfFREETOMEN
Tho State Medical Institute Discovers . a
Remarkable Remedy for Lost •
: Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE. _
Free samples of ; a most remarkable
remedy are being distributed by the State
Medical Institute, . Fort Wayne, Ind. It
cured so many men who had battled for
years against the mental and physical
Buffering of lost manhood that the insti-
tute has decided to distribute free : trial
packages.to allrwho write. It la a home
treatment and all. men who suffer with
any form of sexual weakness resulting
from youthful -folly/ premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varico-
cele, or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves home. '■.:.;;.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and eeems to act direct
to the desired location' giving strength
rind development just where It is needed'
It -cures all the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the natural
functions and has oeen «tn absolute suc-
cess in.all Cases. A request to the state
Medical Institute. 193 First National Bank
Building, Fort Wayne, Ind.. stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with. ; The Institute
Is desirous of reaching that great class
of men who are unable to leave home to
be treated and the free sample will . en-
able them to see how easy it is to be
cured of sexual weakness when the
proper remedies, are , employed. The in-
stitute makes no restrictions. , Any man
who i writes will be sent a free . sample,
carefully sealed in a plain package so
that its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Headers are
requested to write without delay.
.
STATEMENT
— THE —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
• OF THE — — '
MANHATTAN FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day of December, A. D.
1897, and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of . California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 . and . 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner. ,'■'. • . • . ' , i . ;
». '. •-. , CAPITAL. " ...;
Amount of capital stock, paid up In ;• i-'.-;'.'
cash $250,000 00
;•• ASSETS. ' '■'
Cash market value of all stocks and'
» bonds, owned by company $841,116 00
Cash' in company's office.. ..;.. 22370
Cash In bank' 5. ............................... 36,908 90
Premiums in due course of collection 106,843 50
Cash deposited with Guarantee Trust . .
; : and Safe Deposit Company, Phila- '
. delphla 200 00
Total'assets ..............;.... $785.29110
. . f■ , . ,; liabilities. ; . •'"',„  ■-
Losses adjusted and unpaid.......... $15,223 60
Losses in process of adjustment or
In suspense .67,885 79
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 10,222 43
Interest declared and remaining I un-
paid ..■...-.......•...:...•......:.•..;.... . 595 78
Outstanding Interest-bearing receipts 11,001 70
Due and to become due for. borrowed ■■■-
money ..■.....;.■......-..... 100,000 00
All other demands against the com- ■ ■•■ ■-. ■.::■
pany .....: 162,89142
Total liabilities .;............. $357,820 71
:: \ INCOME. -• .\_ "= '
Net cash actually i received for flre
■ '<■ premiums ;.'.;.•..;...•:.............;.. $466,828 B5
Received for • interest •; and dividends ■
on bonds, stocks, loans and from J ■-" ' •
' all other 50urce5..*.......:.....:... 1 ... 22,978 00
■ Received for profit on sale of bonds.- 9,343 13
Received for excess payment , Broad- . . ••-.'■ :->■■■
way Insurance Company '.......... 64 67
Received for increased ? capital 15,000 00
•" Total 1nc0me,. ... ."......'...v. $524,204 35
•,■ ' "' EXPENDITURES. -',, . ;•, *
Net amount paid for flre losses (in- • A
• eluding $74,307 42, losses of previous - W: <
years) .....v.:....;.:^. ;......;....... $382,699 97
Scrip redeemed in-ca5h...v.. ........... ■ 5,519 2x
Dividends to stockholders ;.........*•? 28,423 07
Paid or allowed for commission or " -:■■.- -■ ■;. .:
brokerage '..;...:....'..."..;............- 103,935 03
Paid : for ' salaries, ■ fees and ,'. other : .
■ charges for. officers, : clerks, etc.... . 87,671
• Paid ■ for ; Btate, ■ national * and • local - ' - .
taxes '.1....".;..:..........'.;.^...'...;...: 26. 611
All other payments and expenditures. ■ 67,719 11
. Total " expenditure5 • ......'........;. $702,579 65
: ; P. B. ) ARMSTRONG. President.
.; H.'F.NEEFUS, Secretary. :■
■ - Subscribed • and ' sworn to . before me this : 17th
'day of February, ■ 1898. '- ■' ' ;.•-- ; •
: JOHN T. KIRK, Notary Public.'
E.W.S.VANSLYKE,
MANAGER
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
MILLS: BUILDING, BanJFranclB6o.
a Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEABNT NT. Established \
In 1854 for the treatment of Private '
Pisciist-H, Lost Manhood. Debility or .
diseaso wearing on bodyand mind and
skin Diieaaes. The doctorcures when
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
Cnrenenarantrrd. Call or write. -
I Dr. J. *'. «IBJB«N. Box 1997, San JFranclaco. I
l**sc*vr> :: : ' y r- ■■-■■: ■'^•■■:--- : -v : -.--'- ; ■■ •«■■■,-
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
m
- Write for Proof. |
Reform
Bah! S
You might just as well talk ]|
about reforming inflammatory <jj
rheumatism as to ask a man j j
who has suffered from-alco- <l
holism for years to take the \\
\ pledge. It's a Cure he wants, \ J
> not a reform. The Keeley \ j
i Treatment cures by remov- 1 j
ing the cause. *
i THE KEELEY INSTITUTES, ttj
1170 Market • Street San « Francisco. J
Donohoe Bailalng. X
' SBS North Main Street, Los Anjjelea. *
, t'red A. Pollock, ager. r*
PROCLAMATION.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA,
v EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,
SACRAMENTO, July 30th, 1898.
WHEREAS, The Legislature of the State or
California at its thirty-second session begin-
ning on the fourth d»y of January, A. D. 1897,
two-thirds of all the members elected to each
of the two houses of said Legislature voting
In favor thereof, proposed the following de-
■cribed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to-wlt:
AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
A resolution to propose to the people of the
Btate of California an amendment to section
eighteen of article eleven of the Constitu-
tion, in relation to revenue and taxation, by
which it is proposed to amend Baid section to
read as follows:
Section 18. No county, city, town, township,
board of education or. school district shall in-
cur any indebtedness or liability in any man-
ner or for any purpose exceeding in any year
the income and revenue provided for it for
euch year, without the assent of two-thirds
of the qualified electors thereof, voting at an
election to be held for that purpose, nor un-
less before, or at the time of Incurring such
Indebtedness, provision shall be made for the
collection of an annual tax sufficient to pay
the Interest on such Indebtedness as it falls
due, and also provision to constitute a sinking
fund lor the payment of the principal thereof
on or before maturity, which shall not exceed
forty years from the time of contracting the
came; provided, however, that the City and
County of San Francisco may at any time pay
the unpaid claims with interest thereon for
materials furnished to and work done for said
city and county during the forty-third and
forty-fourth fiscal years, out of the income and
revenue of any succeeding year or years; pro-
vided, that any and all claims for making, re-
pairing, altering or for any work done upon or
for any material furnished for any street, lane,
alley, court, place or sidewalk, or for the con-
ftructlon of any sewer or sewers in said city
and county are hereby excepted from the pro-
visions of this section; and In determining any
claim permitted to be paid by this section, no
statute of limitations shall apply In any man-
ner: and provided further, that the City of
Vallejo, in Solano County, may pay Its exist-
ing Indebtedness Incurred in the construction
of its water works, whenever two-thirds of the
electors thereof voting at an election held for
that purpose shall so decide. Any indebted-
ness or liability incurred contrary to this pro-
vision, with the exception hereinbefore recited,
■hall be void.
AMENDMENT NUMBER TWO.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
10.)
A resolution proposing to the people of the
Btate of California an amendment 1 the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new sec-
tion to be known and designated as section
•even and one-half, article eleven thereof, pro-
viding for the framing by the inhabitants of
counties of local county government acts for
their own government. The said proposed new
section to read as follows:
Section 7%. The Inhabitants of any county
may frame a county government act for their
own government, relating to the matters here-
inafter specified, and consistent with and sub-
ject to the Constitution and laws of this State,
by causing a board of fifteen freeholders, who
have been, for at least live years, qualified
electors of such county, to be elected by the
qualified electors of such county, at any gen-
eral or special election, whose duty it shall be
within ninety days after such election, to pre-
pare and propose a county government act for
such county, which shall be signed in dupli-
cate by the members of such board, or a ma-
jority of them, and returned, one copy thereof
to the Board of Supervisors or other legisla-
tive body of such county, and the other copy
to be sent to the Recorder of Deeds of the
county Such proposed county government act
ehail then be published In two papers of gen-
eral circulation in such county, or if there be
not two such papers, then in one only, for at
least twenty days, and within not less than
thirty days after such publication it shall be
submitted to the qualified electors of such
county, at a general or special election, and if
8 majority of such qualified electors voting
thereon shall ratify the same, it shall there-
after be submitted to the Legislature for its
rejection or approval, as a whole, without ]
power of alteration or amendment, and If ap-
proved by a majority of the members elected
to each house, it shall be the county govern-
ment act of such county, and shall in such
case become the organic law thereof and super-
sede any existing county government act, and
all amendments thereof, and all special laws
Inconsistent with such county government act.
A copy of such county government act, certi-
fied by the President of the Board of Super-
visors or other legislative body of such county,
and authenticated by the seal of such county,
getting forth the submission of such county
government act to the electors, and its ratifica-
tion by them, shall be made In duplicate and
deposited, one In the office of the Secretary of
State the other, after being recorded in the
office of the Recorder of Deeds In the county,
among the archives of the county.
All courts shall take Judicial notice thereof.
The county government act so ratified may be
amended, at intervals of not less than two
yearß by proposals therefor, submitted by the
legislative authority of the county, to the
oualified electors thereof, at a general or spe-
cial election held at least forty days after the
publication of such proposals for twenty days
In a newspaper of general circulation in such
county and ratified by at least three-fifths of
the qualified electors voting thereon, and ap-
proved by the Legislature as herein provided
for the approval of the county government act.
In submitting any such county government act
any alternative article or proposition may be
presented for the choice of the voters, and may
be voted on separately without prejudice to
It shall be competent In all county govern-
ment acts framed under the authority given by
this section, to provide for the manner In
which, the times at which, and the terms for
which' the several township and county officers
other than Judges of the Superior Court, shall
be elected or appointed: for their compensa-
tion- for the number of such officers, for the
consolidation or segregation o f offices, for the
number of deputies that each officer Bhall have,
and for the compensation payable to each of
such deputies, for the manner in which, the
times in which, and the terms for which the
members of all boards of election shall be
elected or appointed and for the constitution,
regulation compensation and government of
Fuch boards, and of their clerks and attache*;
also to prescribe the manner and method by
which all elections by the people shall be con-
ducted- and may in addition determine the
tests and conditions upon which electors, po-
litical parties and organizations may partici-
pate in any primary election.
Whenever any county has, In the manner
and method herein pointed out, adopted any
county government act, and the same Bhall
have been approved by the Legislature as
aforesaid the direction of sections four and
five of this article providing for the uniformity
of a system of county governments throughout
the State and likewise*provld!ng for the elec-
tion and appointment of officers, and the regu-
lation of their compensation, shall not apply.
Said county government act shall, as to any of
the matters hereinabove provided for and de-
clared by such county government act. not be
FUbiect to any law or amendment enacted by
the Legislature, except by amendment first
Fuhmitted to the electors and ratified In the
manner hereinabove set forth.
AMENDMENT NUMBER THREE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
A resolution proposing to the people of the
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new section
to be known and designated as section five and
one-half article six. thereby providing for the
organization of a court, to be known as the
Court of Claims. The said proposed new sec-
tion to read as follows:
Section 6*4. The Court of Claims shall con-
sist of any three Judges of the Superior Court,
who may be requested by the Governor to hold
court at the regular terms thereof. The Court
of Claims shall have exclusive Jurisdiction to
hear and determine all claims of every kind
and character against the State, under such
laws as may be passed by the Legislature, and
Us Judgment thereon shall be final. The terms
of the Court of Claims shall be held as fol-
lows:
In the City of Los Angeles, commencing on
the second Monday of March:
'In the City and County of San Francisco,
commencing on the second Monday In July,
and
1 Za tte City pi Saor»m*nto, oommraoins on
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— »7:2O, *9:£o, 11:00 a. m. : *1:45,
3:45, 5:15, *6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mondays,
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »B:OO, •10:00, *ll:30 a. m.: »1:15,
3:00, »4:30, 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:2S, ♦6:35, 7:45, »9:30 a. m :
•12:20, 2:20, "3:45, 0:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturday at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »B:OO, •10:00, "11:55 a. m.; »1-15,
•3:10, 4:40. »6:20 p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S, 6:45, 7:55, 9:40 a. m.; 12:35
2:45, 3:50. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:05 a. m.; 12:05, 1:20. 3:20,
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:20 a. m. week dayB — Caiadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations.
S: a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta' a.
Ijolt tamaMsTcenic railwST
<Vla Sausalito Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco, commenclnc May j.
1S98:
Week Days— 9:Bo a. m.. 1:45 and 6:15 p. m.
Sundays— B:oo. 9:00, 10:00. 11:30 a. m., 1:45 and
j '80 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, tL
THOS. COOK tc SON, Agenta, 821 Market
street. San Francisco.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to the sexual organs.
Thi. 8 T?,? ld M u n ,^ aT of N °*e»b«- of each ye»t>,
The Judges holding such term of court shali
rece ye no extra compensation therefor, but
Bhall receive their actual expenses, to be paid
vh« t c , « eneral fund of the State treasury.
The Legislature Bhall enact all laws necessary
to organize such court, t0 provide the pro-
of this Ve e tl° ' and t0 -carry out the provisions
vi liiiß sec i ion.
AMENDMENT NUMBER, FOUR.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 37.)
■H^f« re J?? J!* 10 to Propose- to the people of tha
ftHutin C ?']l Orn e la an amendment the Con-
h, V5 n of the State - amending article ele- en,
by adding a new section thereto, to be known
Pnr.an'iMJ " Ul ?*>er flye and one-half, relating to
consolidated city and county governments. The,
Ba OpO e d ne , w Bect »on to read as followa:
«„,?« s^: • The provisions of sectl.np four
and five of this article shall not, nor shall any
•legislation passed pursuant thereto, apply to
any consolidated city and county government,
now existing or hereafter formed, which shall
nave become, or shall become, organized under
section seven, .or secure a charter under section
eight of this article.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FTVB.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 36.)
Rf=* J* 8 ? £ iO ,?. t0 P r °P° se to the people of th«
fctate of California an amendment of section
niteen and section sixteen of arti< le five of the
S^ 11 .". 11 , 011 of the State of California, by
wnicn It Is proposed to amend said sections to
read as follows:
Section 15. A Lieutenant Governor shall ba
elected at the same time and place and in the
same manner as the Governor, and his term ot
2f \ a , nd his qualifications shall be the same.
He shall be president of the Senate, but shall
only hrve a casting vote therein.
Section 16. In case of the Impeachment of
• v?,? vernor> or hls removal from office, death
inability to discharge the powers and duties of
nis office, resignation or absence from the
btate, the powers and duties of the office shall
devdlve upon the Lieutenant Governor for the
residue of the term, or until the disability shail
cease. And should the Lieutenant Governor b«
Impeached, displaced, resign, die or become in-
capable of performing the duties of his office,
or be absent from the State, the president pro
f. m 1 ore of the Sen ate shall act as Governor un-
til the vacancy In the office of Governor shall
be tilled at the next general election when
members of the Legislature shall be chosen, or
until such disability Qf the Lieutenant Gov-
ernor shall cease. In caEe of c vacancy In tha
office of Governor for any of the reasons abova
named, and neither the Lieutenant Governor
nor the president pro tempore nf th-» Senate
shall succeed to the powers and duties of Gov-
ernor, then the powers and duties of such of-
fice shall devolve upon the speaker of the As-
sembly, until tlie office of Governor shall be
filled at such general election.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SIX.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 38.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to section
six, article nine of the Constitution of the State
of California, relating to grammar schools, by
which It is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows:
Section 6. The public school system shall in-
clude primary and grammar schools, and such
h,fch schools, evening schools, normal schools
and technical schools as may be established by
the Legislature or by municipal or district
authority, but the entire revenue derived from
the State school fund and the State school tax
shall be applied exclusively to the support of
primary and grammar 6chools. Grammar
schools shall include schools organized In a
school district, or union of school districts,
having more than one thousand Inhabitants la
which a course of study shall be taught which
will prepare pupils to enter the agricultural
mining or scientific department of the Univer-
sity of California.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SEVEN.
(Being: Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 34.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to section
two of article four of the Constitution, In rela-
tion to sessions of the Legislature, by which It
Is proposed to amend said section to read as
follows:
Section 2. The sessions of the Legislature
shall commence at twelve o'clock meridian on
the first Monday after the first day of January
next succeeding the election of its members,
and shall be biennial unless the Governor shall
in the Interim convene the Legislature by proc-
lamation. The Legislature shall then remain
In session for twenty-flve days, after which it
must adjourn to some date not less than thirty
nor more than sixty days from the time of ad-
journment. If the two houses fail to agree
upon* a time at which they will resume their
session, the Governor shall,, by.. proclamation
fix a date for such reconvening, which shall be
within the limits above prescribed. Upon re-
assembling . the . Legislature shall complete its
session. No : pay shall -be allowed to members
for a longer period than seventy-five days, and
no bill shall be introduced in either house ex-
cept at the first twenty-flve days of the session
without the consent <of three-fourths of the
members thereof. •
NOW. THEREFORE, Pursuant to the provi-
sions of : the ' Constitution, ', and an act of -the
Legislature of the State of California, entitled
"An act to -provide for the submission of pro-
posed amendments to the : Constitution of the
State of California, to the qualified electors for
their approval," approved March 7, A. D. ISB3
the above-described proposed amendments are
hereby published and advertised to be voted
upon, by ballot, by the qualified electors of the
State, at the < election to be held throughout
this State on ■
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 8, A. D. 1898.
The said proposed amendments are to be sep-
arately voted upon in manner and form as fol-
lows: ■ : ;-- ■'."■" -. -, ■'._ ■■ ■ " . ■ ■ .- ■ ■ . "..--. / ;
Each ballot used at such election must con-
tain I written lor printed | thereon I the I following
words, whereupon . the ■ voter ■ may express his
choice as provided ; by law: • :
Amendment Number One, being Senate f
Constitutional Amendment No. ; 41
(exempting certain claims against the
City and County of San Francisco, and Jj
the existing indebtedness of the City Tea
of Vallejo for the construction of its — —
water works from the provisions of No
the Constitution requiring such claims
to be paid from the Income and reve-
nues of the year in which they were
Incurred). '; - ', !.T ' . '•.
.'"..; For the Amendment? \ ;•■..' ■ ,
Amendment Number Two, . being Senate f .
: Constitutional Amendment No. 10 Yea
(providing for .framing local county- ' ■
government acts by., inhabitants •of '-'; No
counties for their government). ■,:"
: For : the Amendment? \ -;..* '•'- v ■• '. . V II ■
Amendment Number Three, being Sen- f
; ate Constitutional <■ Amendment No.
44 (providing for the creation of a-- v
Court of Claims to determine claims Yea
against the State, and -to consist of ' —
three Superior Judges : designated by - No
the Governor ' to ; serve without extra
compensation). :> • I
For the Amendment? ..::,' . ;. .>V l!-. "
Amendment Number ! Four, . being As- f '
•••; sembly ';■" Constitutional Amendment
• No. 1 37 '■■ (exempting consolidated - cJtles Yea
and counties, organized . or ,to; be : or— : — _
- ganlzed, •or ■ holding : a charter un- ■= No
der the Constitution, from certain leg-
islation In relation to counties).
..; For the Amendment ?:;•.. I'
Amendment ' Number*. Five, being : As-
.; sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 36 (relating to office of Governor, Yea
". providing for - succession .. thereto •.. in — — .
certain cases and ■ removing disability '• .Na
• of Lieutenant Governor from holding
, : other office during term). •;..•■
■-; For the Amendment? ;. - „: . [\-
Amendment Number Six. being Assent- '
-; bly Constitutional Amendment No. • 88 Yea
-'.. (relating _ to ■ and defining . Grammar - .
: Schools). .;:■,... r .. •N«
;■• For the Amendment?. ( , " I.
Amendment- Number Seven, being As- f
-sembly Constitutional Amendment !
.;• : No. 34 (providing for adjournment of Yea
; Legislature for - not > less : than , thirty ' — — .
- nor more than sixty days during each - ■No
. session). '-:1: 1 ".•„: v- ::.-, -;..V--'. !
,:: : For the Amendment? T
; Witness :my hand and the 1 Great Seal '. of tha
State of ' California, • the . day ■ and year : herein
first above written. •-, ■-- V'^'-« ■-
i ■ , JAMEB H. ■ BUDD, Governor.
; Attest:' Ij. H. BROWN, Secretary of State.
(SEAL.]
AUCTION SALES.
AUCTION SALE.
2z& As^ - .^^ •■■■•>."■.
THIS DAY. ~!
WEDNESDAY, Sept. 7, at 11 o'clock at '
Grand Arcade Horse Market, 327 Sixth Street,
Horses, Express and ; Delivery Wagons, ToB
and Open Buggies, Carts, Harness, etc. ■■' :
SULLIVAN & DOYLE.
Live Stock Auctioneers.__
BAILBOAD TRAVEL.
sovtiikkn fA( IH( COHPin.
(PACIFIC SVBTSH.) . ...
Train* lenv« nnd nre> «iv« K» arrlv* a* '
SAN FUANCINt'O.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street.)
ibave — Fboic July 10, 1898. — - ahbiti
*6iO«a Niles. San Jose and W»y SUtlons... . *S«4sjl
7iOOa Benlcia, Suisun sod Sacramento.... 10j43a
7:OOa MarysTille, OroTille and Bedding via
Woodland i*VL
7:OOa Klmlra. Vacarille and Bnmsey »i 4» »:
7:S«a Martinez. San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa, '
Oaiiston and Santa Rosa atlSp
■>OOa AUauUc Ezprem, Oplen aud Kast.. »i*s*
SiSOA Bau Jose, Btocktou, Valle* Sprint;
".'■J.^lone, SacraraeDto, Maryifiltag :
; Chico, Tehama and Rei 81uff.... 4***9
! ■:S»A Peters, Oakdale and Jamestown.... £ 7il ar
•8:80 a Milton »7il8»
©i*>Oa New Orleans Kzprea, Meroed, Fros-
uo, BakereSeld, Santa Barbara,
Ix>s Angeles, Demlnf, El Paso,
New Orleans and East «t4a»,
1Oi«Oa VaUeJo, Martinez and Way Stations 7r4S»
•IjOOp Sacramento KWer Steamfrs "OiOOr
....... San Jose, Niles and Way SUtlons... ISslAa
SiOOp LtTermore, Meadota, Uanford and
VisaUa „.„ 4»1«»'
....... Llvermure, San Jose, Kiles and W»J
Stations .V!?..... tltrt»A
«iO«r Martiuez, San Ramon, Tallejo. ;
Napa, Calistoga, El Verano and
Sautaßosa wllS*
«iO»r Benloia, VaoaTflle, Woodland.
-;•;•' KnigdU Landing, MarysTiUe, Oro-
Tllle and Sacramento '.IMw
<iSOp Nlles, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton 7il 8 p
4:SOr Stockton andLodL. IMM*
4iBor Latturop, Modesto, Mereed. Fr«no,
Mojare, Sauta Barbara and Los
Angeles TM4
«>3or Martinez. Merced (Raymond for
- : Yoseralte) and Fresno ltil»»
«i**P Santa Fe Route, Atlantlo Eipresi
forMojare ami Bart 6«48f
fliO*r ICnropeau Mail, Ogdeu and Kast.... »i4O a.
•oiOOr Vallejo l*il»r
6ittOr Hazards, Nlles and Ban Jose 7*484.
}7ioor Vallpjo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions {ti43r.
SiOOr Oregon Ki|>ress, SaerameQto, Marya.
Tille. ICetlding, Portlaud, Pu|«l
' Bound h.ii.l K»gt 8i1»4
' BAM LKA>I>KU AM) IUTrTAUDS LOCAL.
( Foot of Market Street.) __,
1 Melrosr, Seminary Park. f 7ilB«>
BiOOa Fit«hbar)r. Klmhnrit, l t2'i2
,22« A B«nL«ndro,SoathB« >•««*
«i"iSoa Leandro, EstndUl^ i« «t
213:oom Loren«o, Cherry ■ «i:43f
<8:OOr and J»i4sp
' ' S:OOr - Haywardi. t3>4Bp
7ioOr ( Rons through to Nllea. . 7i4Sr
.'■- j t From Nlles. \ *■
COAST DIVISION (Narraw flange).
' (Foot of Market Street.) -
{7i43a Santa Crux Kicitnion, Santa Orns \
and Principal Way Stations ....... t****>*
BilßANewark.oenterTtUe,SanJose,Feltoa.
- Boulder Creek, Santa Orus and Way
Stations (ISO*
"Silßp Newark. Cesterrllle, San Jose, Wew
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek;
. ' Santa Crus and Principal Way
: > Stations •■•tM*
4ilSpSan Jose, Glenwood k Way StaUons Biao*,
1 a4t!sp Bouldfr Creek and Santa Crux j\):2oj^
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
i rrtfflSll mKCISCO— r«ot *r Xtrklt BtrMt (Slip S>— •
•7:15 9:00 11:001.11. U:00 *2:00 tI:QV
•4:00 tS:OO »6:oor.ii. ]
: rrimOilUlD— Flit if Brwdway.— *6M trOO IfeMi.sU
tl2:00 «1:00 t3:00 '3:00 tt:OO '6:oQf.m.
i COAST DIVISION (Broad Oaaf«).
j ■ (Third and Towngend Bts.) J
i •7sooASan Jose anil Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) • Ii 3»»
17:30 a Sunday Excursion for Ban Jose.
Santa Cruz, Paciflo OroT* and I
Principal Way Stations...'. XStSSr
■iOOa Sau Jose. Tros Finos, Hanta Orn, .
Pacilic (<ro?e, Paso Robles, San
Luis Oblsno. Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal War Stations 4il*r
l«:4Oi Sau Jose and Way Stations •»:««A.
HiSOa San Jose and Way Stations : •BitS« >
*Si4Br San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park;
, ■ Palo Alto, Santa Clara, Hau Jnca, i
Oilruy, Hollister, Santa Cms. I
Salinas, Monterey and I'aoiflo
. Grore M . •IotBo4
'S<BAr San Jose and Way Stations *«tO«A.
•4tlsr Ban Jose and Principal Way Stations •■4Sa
*O:UOp San Jose and Principal Way BUtloni 6i33a
5:30 - Ban Jose and Princinal Way Statioui BiSOp
' 6: San Jose ami Way Stations 7i30»
tlli4sp Ban Jose and Way Btatlons 7t80»
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
; * Sundays excepted. J Sondays only ♦ S&turdays only
t Snndays and Mondays. a Saturdays and Sondaym.
1
! MN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEt
: WEEK DAYS— "9:00. 11:00 a. m.; U:I3L
8 i 80 :, I' 10 ' eK P. m. Thursdays— trt»
f l^? o^- m - Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:M
and 11:30 p. m. • •
8 y pATS-«:00, 8:30, v:o ° ■«•"•»:"*. fM.
; 6:00, 1:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:I9, 7:60. »:20, 11:10 a. m. ; li:OL
; >:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips afl
I:S6 and 6:36 p. m.
BUNpAYS-8:l67 J»:40. UUB a. ia.i I:**, t:a\
6:00, 6:25 p. m. . •
Between San Francisco and Schnetien Parti
same schedule as above.
Leave ■ " Arrlv* "^
Ban Franclsca In Effect San Franclsoo.
— — — June 3s, ■ .
Week I Sun- 1898. Sun- I Week -
Days. 1 days. Destination. days. | Daya. '
7:3oam 8:00 am . Novato, 10:40 am S:«an»
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:10 pm 10:25 ana
1:10 pm E :00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:23 pm
Fulton, { "
7:80 am Windsor, 10:16 ua
' .? Healdsburs;,
Lytton. i
Geyservllle,
1:80 ptn 8 .-00 am Cloverdale. 7:15 pm t:llpflBj
! 7:80 ami I Hopland and I 110:86 azai
I 8:30 pm l 8:00 am| Ukiah. | 7:35 pm[ 6:23 pra
7:80 am . ■ - 10:25 aai
- ■ ■" 8:00 am Guernevllla. 7:86 pm
8:30 pm | 6:11 pq|
7:3oam 8:00 am Sonoma 110:40 am B:49ara
. and
6:lopm s:oopm Glen Ellen. [4:lopm t-.ttym
\ 7:30 ami 8:00am| SebastopoL |10:4OamllO:2&ans
! B:3o pm| 6:oo pm| | 7:Bs pm| 6:l2 pra
I Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Wast
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at O«y-
eervllie for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdale foQ
. the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs.
Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad)
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett -
Springs:, at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratore
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper,
Lake, Porno, Potter valley, John Day's, River*
side, Lierley's, Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights.
Hullville, Booneville, Orr*s Hot Springs, Men-
doclno City, Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal. .
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets afl
! reduced rates. ,
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points!
I beyond San Rafael at half rates.
i Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bids*
A. W. FOSTER. •■■-■. -R. X. RTAN,
. Prea. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent. -
Santa Feßoute
THE BB3T RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO. ,
fclvtiry Day Pullman Palace 6leeptaft Cttrd
and Pullman TourUt Sleeping Cai»« '
Ran on the Following Time t
j>ave BanFranciaco.4:3o p. m., &M.T.W.T.y.L
Arrive Denver ...... B:00 p. m., W.T.F.S.B.M. <
Arrive Kansas City.. 7:oo a. m.. T.F.B.S.M.T.
Arrive St. Louis... -..6:15 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.WJ ;
. Ezrlr* Chicag0.... ...1:09 p. m.. T.F.a.S.M.T.-WW
!^ HARVEY'S DINING-ROOM 6 \.
rrve : Superior Meals at Very Pf— '
able Rates. . ■ •
»OU WILL BE COMFORTABLB
i If You Travel on the Santa P«y
! til HIAICtSCO TICKET OFFICE— HI UABIEI Slj
: . TELEPHONE MAIN 1531. , J
fiail&nd Offioa— lllB Broadway. '
V Baeramento offle«— 2ol ■J , Btrwi %
' _B«.Jo8o Office— 7 West^Saata Clara 8W
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUII
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY. <
From June 1. ISaa, tralna will run aa followiS
Bouth-bound." ! North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Pasaea*
ger. Sunday Sta- Sunday «er. .
Dally. Exc'ptd tlons. v Exo'ptd Dally.
■ ■ — . — — — <
- 7:20 9:ooam Stockton 3:45pm 6:4opm
- 1:10 am 12:50pm Merced '-■ 12:50pm 3:53pm
10:40 3:sopm ' Fresno 9:30 am 2:2opm
11:86 am 6:45 pra Hanford ': 7:45 am I:2spm .
-2:45 pm 11:50 pm Bakersfleld; 2:3oam 10:15 arj> '
12:05pm 7:sopm „ ■ VisaUa | 6:4oam li:sspia f
■ j n
Stopping at Intermediate points as required. i--
. Connections — At Stockton with steamboats ofl
California Navigation I and I Improvement I Com.
■ pany, leaving San Francisco and Stockton at 18
• { p. m. daily; at Merced with stages to and front
; Ilnelllngs. . • Coultervllle, , Yoiemlte. eto.; .- alsa -
with ? stage { from T Hornltos, • Marlposa. eta. ai
' XAokersblm with stage to and from Ma<ler«» .
910
WOK BRACKETS ON
EASTERN TRACKS
Horses That Captured
Purses.
TALENT FELL AT NEWPORT
ONLY TWO FAVOBITES FIRST
PAST THE JUDGES.
Vice Regal, Czarowitch and Trebor
Journeyed Home in Front of
Their Fields at Comfort
able Odds at Harlem.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CINCINNATI, Sept. 6.— Only two favorites
•won for. the talent at Newport to-day. The
track wa6 fast and the racing good.
First race six and a half furlongs, selling.
iJlammon, 110 i.I. Matthews), 6 to 1 1
Beau, 110 (Gorman), 8 to 1 and 3 to 1 2
Howitzer, 107 (Nutt), lv to 1 3
Time, 1:22%.
Nora S, Barbee. Foscurrv, Frisco Ben, Myrlani
-0, ChllTon, Marietta, laureate, It. B. Sack,
"Volln and Johnny liohan also ran. Baneyca
•Has left at tlie post.
Second race, five furlongs.
Gey I'urislonne, 109 (W. Dean), 6 to 1 1
J key Joe, 1W (Wingi'ield), 2u to 1 and Bto 1..2
JSoucbon, 109 (Morrison), even 3
Time, I:C2.
CheepemitP, I^'.a Murray* Galathee, Joe
Doughty, I'araheH, Klva G, Carlene and Mis
chance also ran.
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles.
Maddalo, llu (Gilmore), S to 5 1
prosecutor, 100 (J. Matthews), 7 to 2 and even. 2
Tirgle O. 97 iFTost), 3 to 1  3
'J Ime, 1:17 V
Joe Shelby. Barton, Melhe, Buck Franklin
and Jessie S also ran.
F^jrth race., mile and an el^rrth, handicap.
Paul Kauvar, 110 (W. Dean), 1 to 2 ...1
tffhree Bars, 110 (J. Matthews), 5 to 2 and 4 to
6 .<. _ 2
Dudley E, 96 '(Dugan), 25 to L. „ 8
Time. l:E3»i.
Lord Neville and Can Gallop also ran.
Fifth race, fie Ding, seven furlongs.
Mies Bramble. IH7 (Frost), 4 to 1 X
Is>cklcU-e, 10T (Uirman), ti to 1 and 2 to 1 2
Albert Vale. 107 (Britton), 4 to 1 3
Time, !:28H-
Violet Parsons, Ambor Glints, Ondague. Fre
mont, Loyalty, R< ienla, Nannie D. Repeal.
I,ass!9 Lou, Springtime and Miss Mettle also
ran.
Sixth raca, selling, seven furlongsc
JBotllla, 104 (Nuttj. 4 to 1 1
Tit for Tat, 104 (Knight), 3 to 1 and even 2
Mazeppa, 107 (\V. Mooney), 10 to 1 3
Time, 1:29.
McFarland 11, The Planet. Uncle Abe, Flo
tow, Kathie May. Hitzh N.ion, Harry Floyd,
Helen H. tlardiiier, Siddubla also ran.
. BUFFALO, X. V.. Sept. 6.— lt was raining:
part of the afternoon and the Fort Eri» track
was very sloppy.
First race, six furlongs — Zanctte won, Glenal
byn second, Barney Aaron Jr third. Time,
1:191*.
Second race, six furlongs — won. The
Gardener second. Thanksgiving third. Time,
1:21%.
Third race, handicap, one — Simon D
•won, Coogmoosie second, Pearl third. Time,
1:46^.
Fourth race, six fulongs— J. E. Cllnes won,
Yendotega second. Sir Caslmlr third. Time,
1:19. ■
Fifth race, six furlongs— Damocles won. Loyal
Prince second, Tillie W third. Time, 1:20.
Sixth race, mile and an eighth— Beau Ideal
won, Leoncle second, Rockwood third. Time,
2:03%.
CHICAGO, Sept. 6.— Weather cool at Haw
thorne; track heavy.
First race, five and a half furlongs—Anti
quary, 3 to 1, won; Old Fox, even, j second;
Bidtllla third. Time, 1:14.
Second race, seven furlongs — Wilson, 2 to 1,
•won; Molo, 1 to 2, second; l'rince Blazes third.
Time. 1:34.
Thin] race, five and a half furlongs
Btone, 7 to 1, won; Mr. Johnson, 6 to 1, sec
ond; Cheval dOr third. Time. 1:14.
Fourth race, one mile — Regal. 6 to 1,
•won; lloncrelth, 12 to 1, second; Inconstancy
third. Time, 1:50.
Fifth race, plx — Czarowltch, B to 1,
won; Governor Sheehan, 1 to 2, second; Red
Gidd third. Time, 1:21»£.
Sixth race, seven furlongs — Trebor, 6 to 1,
won; Inuendo, 1 to 2, second; Bright Eyes
third.. Time, 1:26.
ANACONDA, Mont.. Sept. 6.— First race, five
furlongs— Howard won, Tammany second. Tor
sion third. Time. 1:02%.
Second race, four furlongs— Royal Fan won,
Blr I'rian second. Ivy Bloom third. Time, :50.
Third rare, six furlongs— Peixotto won, Jim
Gore second. Put Morriaaey third. Time, 1:15%.
Fourth ra.ee, one mile — Ke«>l won. New Moon
second. i'happi<- third. Time. 1:43.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs — Valen
ctenne won. Miss Rowena second, Etta H third.
Time. l:'V. t .
Sixth race, one mile— Masoero won, Paul Pry
second, Joe Cotton third. Time, 1:44.
CHARTER OAK PURSE
FGR JOHN NOLAN
HARTFORD. Conn., Sept. 6.— lnterest In the
second day's racing meet of the grand circuit
at Charter Oak Park to-day centered in the
Charter Oak purse for $10,000. There were six
teen starters, ivith Mattle PattPrson favorite
at $60 against the field at $100, but the talent
took kindly to John Nolan and bought him
with the field. He proved to be a winner in
straight h<\its after Mattle Patterson had
taken the first. Summaries:
2:24 trot, three-\ • nr-oUIH. purse $I(W)_ The
Earl won In straight beats. Time, 2:lS?i, 2:17.
Helen Simmons second. Admiral Symmes third.
Red Tape. Anthracite and Klsle also started.
2:30 pace, purse $2000— Royal R. Shelton won
In straight heats. Time. 2:06, 2:07%, 2:09. Split
Bilk second, Lady of the Manor third. Alpine
and Dick Wilton also started.
The Charter Oak. 2:17 trot, purse $10,000— John
Nolan won second, third and fourth heats.
Time. 1:10%, 2:69%, 1:11. Mattt» Patterson won
Bn»t heat in 2:11%. Stamboulette third. Othello,
Battleton, Big Timber, Ed Locke, Timbret.
Phllipe, Carrie. Success, Nancy King, Belle
J, Kilda, Spinalong and George also started.
Trotting handicap, purse $1000— Tommy Brtt
ton won In straight heats. Time, 2:21^. 2:15 H.
Oakley second. Surpol third. Eleanor "W,
Castleton, Minnie B and Lillian Wllkes also
Btarted.
Hamlin Park Events.
*BT. PAUL, Sept. C— Results at Hamlln: 2:30
Blass pace, pur.se $1000— Lord Rosebery won In
•tralfcht heats. Time, 1:16%, 2:11^, 2:ISMi. Na
hfola second. Ina Kins third. Removine and
Betttna Wilkes also started.
2:10 tr.it, purs.' JlOn.--Carl Carney won in
straight heats. Time. 2:loVi. 2:14, 2:12%. B.
B. P. MCOBd, De Greenleaf third.
Running, one mile, purse $200— Bess won
Druggist Bee n.l. Rom dOr third. Time, 1:43V t .
The guldelesß jiaclngr contest— Helen Gould
won In 2:16. Nahant second. L. D. third. Bud
L and Lady Mac also started.
MAJOR M'LAUGHLIN'S
HOME THROWN OPEN
Company F, Sixth California Volun-
teers, Boyally Entertained at
Golden Gate Villa.
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 6.— Company F,
Sixth California Volunteers, which is on
guard at the California Powder Works,
was royally entertained this morning by
Major Frank McLaughlin at fcis beauti
ful home. Golden Gate Villa, on Beach
Hill. He was assisted by Miss Agnes
McLaughlin, Mrs. George Braden of Oro
vllle, Mr. and Mrs. .1. G. Tanner, Mrs
Fred O. Hihn, Richard Thompson and Os
rar 1<- Tuttle. The boys were all invited
Into the house, wh^re they were treated
Ui a most hosjiituble manner.
Just before noon the compani- formed
In line in front of the house aftd drilled
for their host?.
The company was npnin drawn up in
line In front of the house nn<l the ladies
presented each of the men with a bou
guot.
The major mart** a short talk, giving the
boys a "God bU-ss you," and wished them
health and happiness. He then gave three
cheers for Captain Lucey and Company
F, which was taken up by all the onlook-
ers.
The company gave throe rousing cheers
tnd a tiger for Major McLaughlin, and
followed that with cheers for the ladies,
whlrh were given with great vim. Tho
pompanv returned to camp cheering as
they marched up the avenue.
Bead about Uncle Sam's new atlas
and the stories it tells in next Sun
lay's Call.
DRIVEN TO WANT
BY THE DROUGHT
Destitution in Southern
Monterey County.
SCORES OF NEEDY FAMILIES
URGENT CASES TEMPORARILY
PROVIDED FOR.
Supervisors Will Probably Revive
the Squirrel Bounty, Build
New Roads and Repair
Old Ones.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALINAS, Sept. 6.— The committee of
citizens appointed five weeks since to
Investigate reports of destitution In the
southern portion of this county re
ported to the Board of Supervisors this
afternoon a full account of their In
vestigations. Sixty-seven letters, ask
ing for Immediate relief, were received
inside of three weeks, sixty of which
asked Immediate aid for families to
stave off starvation. Not one of those
who are reported to the committee had
applied themselves, but by neighbors.
Several families in Jolon district were
in such urgent need that the commit
tee took a small collection of provisions
and money and supplied their immedi
ate wants until the present meeting of
the board.
The appeals In many cases have been
pitiful. One mother writes that her
provisions are all gone, and for her
children's sake she must seek charity.
Others say there are lots of people in
this part of the country in utter dis
tress who need only work, as the stores
will nut trust any one who does not
own property. No meat has been
eaten in the stricken section for weeks,
and all that can be procured are bacon
and beans, which are nearly all gone.
They ask how to obtain help, and say
'"In the naihe of God and humanity,
help us and save our country's fair
name."
To remedy this state of affairs the
committee presented a petition to the
Board of Supervisors this afternoon, in
which they state that owing to the
drought and the consequent failure of
crops in the southern portion of the
county there are many worthy people
in limited circumstances and almost
destitute, and to remedy this state of
affairs, which has been heightened by
other circumstances, they ask that a
squirrel bounty of 3 cents be granted
on each squirrel killed within the
county, which will, owing to the scar
city of food, result In the almost total
annihilation of the squirrel pest; also
that the board authorize improvements
In the construction, repair and rebuild
ing of roads in southern Monterey
County and only employ those who are
in need — not awarding the work to con
tractors — thereby giving the same
where it is needed and distributing it
in such manner as to benefit the larg
est possible number of people.
This petition, which was added to the
report, has been signed by over 500 of
the most prominent citizens of the
county, and the board will doubtless re
new the squirrel tax bounty and build
new roads.
"BIG BILL" LANGE'S
REMARKABLE DRIVE
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. I Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Boston 75 42 .641|PlttFbunr ...61 62 .496
Cincinnati ..78 44 .639! Philadelphia 66 68 .491
Baltimore ...71 43 .623' Louisville ...62 70 .426
Cleveland ...68 49 .581 Brooklyn ....44 68 .393
New Y0rk... 65 63 .551 Washington 40 77 .342
Chicago 66 64 .550 St. Louis 32 87 .26^
CINCINNATI, Sept. 6.— Young Green
found the sun In the field troublesome,
and that's why the Reds won. In the sec
ond inning Lange drove the ball over the
extreme centerfleld fence. It was the
longest hit ever made on the local ground.
A base on balls and Irwln's double won
the exciting game in the ninth. Attend
ance 7700. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati 9 16 2
Chicago 8 13 1
Batteries— Dwyer, I>animan. Peitz and Wood;
rallahan. Woods and Donohue. Umpires —
Swartwood and Warner.
LOUISVILLE, Sept. 6.— Both teams
played a snappy fielding game, but the
Colonels were the strongest at the bat.
Wagner's stick work was a feature. At
tendance 1150. Score:
Clubs— R. H. B.
Louisville 6 10 1
Cleveland 3 9 1
Batteries— Cunnlnßham and Klttredge; Wil
son and Crlger. Umpires— O'Day and Mo-
Donald.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 6.— Baltimore
won the first game In rather easy fashion
owing to the effective twirling of Maul.
The Phillies' only hit was a bunt by Coo
ley in the ninth Inning. The second game
was hotly contested, and darkness put a
stop to tne proceedings at the end of the
eighth with the score a tie. Attendance
4400. Score, first game:
Clubs— R. H. B.
Philadelphia 113
Baltimore 7 7 2
Batteries— Flfleld and McFarland; Maul and
Clarke. Umpires— Gaftney and Brown.
Second game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Philadelphia 5 12 6
Baltimore B 6 2
Batteries— McJames and Robinson; Donohue
and McFarland. Umpires— Gaffney and Brown.
NEW YORK, Sept. 6.— ln a slugging
match the Giants had the best of the
game and won easily. La Chance was put
out of the game for kicking. Attendance
500. Score:
Clubp— R. H. E.
New York 17 20 4
Brooklyn 10 13 6
Batteries— Gettlg, Rusle and Warner; Yea-
Ker, Ryan and Grim. Umpires — Lynch and An
drews.
BOSTON, Sept. 6.— The Washingtons
came near being shut out In to-day's
game, for while they scored five runs in
the ninth it was only because the home
team dropped in their sharp playing.
Klobedanz pitched well throughout the
game, while the fielding of the Senators
was a very poor exhibition. Attendance
1000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Boston : 9 10 2
WiiFhinßton 6 7 7
Batteries— Klobedani, Bralnsfleld and Ber
gen; Dlneen and Farrell. Umpires— Hunt and
Connolly.
HUMAN LEG MYSTERY
IS STILL UNSOLVED
Acddent Theory Falls Through and
the Red Bluff Authorities
Hint at Foul Play.
RED BTA'FF, Sept. 6.— The mystery of
the finding of a human leg in the river
at this place Monday is still unsolved.
Officers have been searching up and down
the river and to-day discovered a pool
of blood near where the leg was found
Coroner West and Sheriff Bogard went
down this afternoon to investigate, but
have not made public anything they dis
covered. The accident theory has fallen
through and foul play is suspected.
Quite a Large Fire at Vina,
CHICO, Sept. 6.— At an early hour this
morning fire at Vina destroyed fifteen
Chinese cabins together with the resi
dences of Iv.rs. B. Hllderbrand and P. M.
Reno. The total loss Is estimated at about
J6OOO, with small Insurance. Cause un
known.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 7f7 f 1898.
PERJURERS ARE
IN HIGH GLEE
No PunishmentforSlave
Brokers.
CONSPIRACY NOT A CRIME
COLLECTOR JACKSON HAS NO
POWER.
Highbinders at Liberty to Commit
the Gravest Crimes Without
Fear of Prose
cution.
Federal officials are still engaged in
boring mole tunnels in the Chinese Bu
reau scandal. Major Moore was not at
his office yesterday, and his clerks would
not give any information regarding his
movements. All that could be gathered
from them was that he was out of town.
Collector Jackson was In the same bliss
ful condition of mentality. He was out
of town, he said, when the articles ap
peared in The Call concerning the old
story of bribery by the Chinese brokers.
He admitted that he had not taken any
steps to ascertain the whereabouts of
Chan Tai Tsung, the writer of the com
promising letter found secreted upon the
person of Hew Hon, the cook, arrested
by Inspectors Lynch and Gardner on the
Mail Dock. In fact, he did not know
whether the detection of the writer
would accomplish any good result what
ever. Colonel Jackson said that he had
failed to find any Federal statute under
which Chan Tal Tsung or any other per
son engaged in a conspiracy to land Chi
nese could be prosecuted or punished. He
had failed also to find any statute by
which any one of the gang of Chinese
brokers and hired witnesses now Infest
ing the Chinese Bureau could be pun
ished, either for conspiracy or for per
jury. Perjury in the legal and punishable
sense, he explained, could be committed
only in a Judicial proceeding. The pro
ceedings relating to the landing of Chi
nese by the Collector of the Port are
executive, not Judicial Therefore, what
ever false testimony may be given with
the purpose and intent of defeating the
operation of a Federal statute Is neither
perjury nor conspiracy.
Chief Meredith is very sore over the
statement that certain unnamed Federal
officials of high and low degree Intimate
that he should be held responsible for the
leakage in his office indicated by the let
ter of Chan Tai Tsung of Sam Hop &
Co. of 901 Dupont street. He regards
that intimation as a reflection upon his
integrity, and refuses to admit that it
may be a criticism upon his competency
to maintain aji effective watch upon the
doings of his subordinates. He admits
that as custodian of the written testi
mony he would be responsible for its es
cape into the ranks of the enemy, but
he denies that It has escaped. Hi's the
ory is that the statement made In the
letter of Chan Tal Tsung was a bluff
designed to impress the person addressed
with the Idea that he, Chan, had cor
rupted the bureau and could land him
safely.
The Federal officials have not charged
Mr. Meredith with being corrupt. They
simply, at this stage of the inquiry, hold
him responsible as chief of the bureau for
the leakage which they believe exists
GREWSOME SCENES
NEAR OLD CAVITE
HUMAN SKULLS USED FOB
FENCE DECORATIONS.
Decapitated Heads, With Flesh and
Hair Yet Attached, Strewn
Over a Burying-Ground.
Among the most Interesting letters re
ceutly received from Manila Is one writ
ten by George E. Barron of Company E,
Tenth Pennsylvania Infantry, to John F.
Myers of this city.
"After a pleasant voyage across the
peaceful Pacific we are now safely en
camped on the soil of the enemy," writes
Mr. Barron. "We spent one day, June 24,
in Honolulu, where we were given a grand
reception.
"We came by way of the Ladrone Is
lands, stopping there but a few minutes.
Many of the boys were seasick, but I did
not miss a meal and never refused a lunch
between times. Five deaths occurred
during the trip; one on the China, one on
the Senator and three on the Colon. Our
provisions while on board ship were very
good; in fact, there was nothing that
one's appetite could desire but what we
had. Five small launches brought our
regiment from the steamer to within fifty
yards of the shore, and the rest of the
way we had to wade in water up to our
shoulders.
"Our camp is located in a beautiful field,
not over fifty yards from the water, and
under the protection of Dewey's guns.
We see the wounded, the dying and the
dead every day. I visited the Insurgent
Hospital, where there are many wounded
men. I saw two men with their heads
almost shot off, one man with his body
shot through and through, some with
arms gone and others with legs misslnij.
These are horrible sights, yet such are
the scenes of war.
"The natives are very Ignorant, and to
us are curiosities. The girls marry at 9
years of age and are mothers at ten.
Many of the natives are afflicted with
leprosy. We see thousands of these peo
ple every day. We do not fear them, but
shun them as we would the devil.
"Just to our left is a native village. The
Btreets and fences are decorated with hu
man skulls. To our right is a burying
ground. Human skulls, with flesh and
hair yet attached, are lying all around.
Read Stanley's Darkest Africa' and you
will get a fair idea of our scenes. Snakes
ten to twelve feet long are found in the
jungles, and monkeys chatter in th 3 trees
everywhere.
"I have been through Cavlte and have
seen the forts and the prisons. The entire
city is, in fact, a fortification, even the
private houses being surrounded 'oy mas
sive walls. The prisons contain over 3000
Spaniards, captured by the Insurgents,
who turned them over to our army. The
city is simply beautiful. One can easily
imagine himself in Eden. I cannot nnder
stand why so much suffering should be
inflicted on a place so beautiful.
"I had the honor of meeting Dewey and
speaking to him. He is a perfect gentle
man."
THE ANNUAL VISIT
OF JOHN W. MACKAY
ACCOMPANIED SY HIS SON AND
DAUGHTER-IN-LAW.
Society Is Busy Planning Entertain
ments for Mr. and Mrs. Clar
ence H. Mackay.
John W. Mackay, the last of the Bo
nanza kings, and Clarence H. Mackay and
wife arrived yesterday morning on the
Portland express and went at once to the
Palace. Annually the millionaire mining
man comes to the coast to inspect his
large mining interests in California and
Nevada and to cast a supervising eye over
various commercial and corporate busi
nesses which he has in this city.
Mackay, the elder, has not changed any
in appearance since his last visit. He
is enjoying the best of health and seems
to possess the vigor of youth. His bust
ness cares will consume but a small por
tion of his time while here. He will re
main In the State about a month and will
then return to New York.
Clarence H. Mackay and his beautiful
bride will stay in California for an ln
definite time. Mrs. Mackay, formerly
the much courted and idolized society
Queen of New York, has just seen Cali
fornia for the first time, and in the com
pany of her husband she will make a
thorough tour of the State. Before her
marriage she was a Miss Duer, known to
metropolitan society circles as a woman
of dazzling beauty. She is of the bru
nette type, handsome both of figure and
of face. Already local society is plan
ning a number of entertainments for the
young couple.
Clarence Mackay is associated with his
father in a number of big business en
terprises. He will join his father in an
inspection of their common properties and
will also look Into the affairs of the Pos
tal Telegraph Company.
Cruelty to Horses.
On several occasions recently com
plaints have been made to the officers of
the Society for the Prevention of Cru
elty to Animals that the horses used by
the San Francisco Transfer Company
were in such a condition as to be unfit
for work. Officer McCurry made an in
vestigation yesterday and found that the
complaints were well founded. One pooi
beast was covered with harness sores,
and the driver acknowledged that only
last week it had fallen from exhaustion
while hauling freight to the ferry. An
other horse was found in a similar con
dition. The transfer company hired its
stock from Joost Bros.. 600 Gough street,
and accompanied by Officer Walton the
stables were visited by McCurry. who
arrested Tim Quaid, the foreman, for
cruelty to animals. Quaid said the own
ers of the horses knew of their condition,
and had given orders for them to be
sent out to the transfer company. Mc-
Curry affirms that he will swear out
warrants to-day for the arrest of the
owners of the horses.
A California girl writes about her
visit to the Pope in next Sunday's
Call.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
James F., Emily A. and William J. Wlck
mr.n and Georglna A. O'Nell to Edwin T.
Cooper, lot on S line of Oak street. lt>s:9 E of
Franklin, E 44, S "0, W 22. S 10. W 22. N 80;
$18,000.
Jan.es U. and Alice K. Hastings to Alexan
der Heynemann, lot on W hne of Van Ness
avenue, 27 S of Vallejo street, S 27 by \V 120;
$10,000.
Charles Meghan to Henrietta Meehan, lot on
S line of Vallejo street, 182:6 E of Octavla, E
32 :G by S 137:6; gift.
Ferulnand N. Kahn to Louis E. and Henry
M. Kahn. undivided two-thirds of lot on E
line of Fill more street, 50 N of Jackson, N 25
by E 112; Jl.
William T. Fltz Gerald to Ellen Fltz Gerald,
lot on NW corner of Page and FUlmnre streets,
N 94 by W 110; $10.
William H. and Eliza J. Birch to Annie C.
Biggs, lot on NX corner of Sutter and
Pierce streets, E 27:6 by N 100; Rift.
William G. Am. .Id to Harry B. Arnold, un
divided % of lot on E line of Bartlett street,
130 S of Twenty-flrst. S 25 by E 50; $10.
Mary E. W A. and J. B. Halsted to Emma
W. Heston (wife of J. F.), lot on W line of
Sanchez street, 51:6 S of L>ay, S 25 by W 105,
quitclaim deed; $10.
Charles A. Hennessy to Nellie Hennessy
(wife), lot on E line of Noe street, 63 S of
Elizabeth. S 25 by E 68:9 2-3; gift.
Elizabeth J. McMillan (wife of 1L William)
to John and Winifred McKeown, lot on N line
of Elizabeth street, 200 W of Sanchez, W 25
by N 114; $10.
Mary V. Townsend to Edward Mandonnet,
lot on SW corner of Sacramento street and
Prospect place W 30 by S 46; $1550.
James Costello to Mary A. L. Costello, lot
on N line of Bryant street, 410 8 of Third. SW
50 by NW 80; $5.
Potrero Nuevo Land Company to David
Friedenrieh, lot on NE corner of Vermont and
Nineteenth (Butte) streets, E 200 by N 140; also
lot on N line of Seventeenth (Santa Clara)
street, 35 "W of Wisconsin, W 30. N 100, W 30,
N 71:4%, E 100, S 71:4Vs, W 35, S 100: also un
divided half Interest in the following: Lot on
NE corner of Mariposa and Connecticut streets,
E 100 by N 200; lot on NW corner of Fifteenth
(San Bruno avenue) and Utah streets, W 100
by N 69; lot on SW corner of Sixteenth (Cen
ter) and Utah streets, W 100 by S 551 lot on
W line of Utah street, 40 N of Seventeenth
(Santa Clara). N 10 by W 100; lot on NW cor
ner of Sixteenth (Center) and Vermont streets,
N 130. W 100, S 30. E 75, S 100, E 23; lot on
E line of Kansas street, 118:3 S of Fifteenth
(El Dorado). S 81:9, E 66. NE 29:3\i. NW 20:8*4.
NW 68 :2^: lot on SW corner of Mariposa and
Carolina streets. W 200, S 337:3%. NE 359:11V4.
N 39; also undivided two-eighths of the follow
ing: Lot on 8 line of Eighteenth (Solano)
street. 6:SMs W of De Ham, W 184:10, SE 153:9,
NE 103:10%; also lot on SW corner of Mariposa
and De Haro streets, S 150, W 110. N 29\ de
grees E 182, E 7:11: also lot on NW corner of
Eighteenth (Solano) and De Haro streets. W
200, N 119:5, NE 36, E 180, S 150; also all Inter
est in block IG3; also lot on NW corner of
Mariposa and Carolina streets. W 200. N 65:9,
NE 360:»«<i. 8 368:11: alw> undivided 5-32 of lot
on NW corner of Mariposa and Connecticut
streets. N 250. W 100. N 150. W 100. S 400, E 200 ;
also all of lot on NE corner of Fifteenth (El
Dorado) street and San Bruno avenue (Ne
braska), E 200 by N 100: also all Interest in lot
on N line of Vandewater street, 68:9 W of
Mason. W 137:6, N 60. E 45:10, N 60, E 22:11, 3
60, E 68:9, S 60; $10,300.
Sftnford and Olga Goldstein to same, lot on
N line of Vandewater street. 68:9 W of Mason,
W 22:11 by N 60. quitclaim deed; $10.
D. Freldenrlch to Joseph B. CoryeU, same as
In deed of Potrero Nuevo Land Company to
David Freldenrlch, except that the fourteenth
description should read undivided 5-26 instead
of 6-32, NW Mariposa and Connecticut streets,
N 250, W 100, N 150. W 100, S 400. E 200; $10.
Joseph B. CoryeU to Joseph Cuneo, lot on N
line <>f Vandewater street, 68:9 W of Mason,
W 45:10 by N GO; also lot on N line of Vande
water street. 183:4 W of Mason, W 22:11 by N
CO; also all interest in lot on N line of "Vnn
dewater street, 114:7 W of Mason, W 68:9. N
CO, E 22:11, N CO, E 22:11, S 60. E 22:11. 8 CO;
no.
Charles Ehn and C. E. Mayne A Co. to Isa
bella Wright, re-record 14R2 d 396, lot on N line
of Q street, 57:0 E of Thirty-eighth avenue, E
100 by N 100; $10.
Eugene McGinn to Amalia Kestler (wife of
Henry), lot 1199, Gift Map 2; $10.
William G. Arnold to Harry H. Arnold, lot
on SE line of London street. 225 SW of China,
SW 75 by SE 100, lot 2, block 13, Excelsior
Homestead; $10.
Sunnyside Land Company and California Ti
tle Insurance and Trust Company to Carl H.
and Louise Paczoch, lot 36, block 35, Sunnyside;
$10.
Kate Flanagan to Ellen King (wife of Hen
ry) lot on W line of Victoria street, 150 N of
Central, N 50 by W 100, lots 45 and 46, block
86, City Land Assoclntion: $10.
Alameda County.
Peter Talty to W. J. Sullivan. subdivision of
lot 40 on Whitcher'a map of Oakland, Oakland;
$850.
Jannet Inkier to Mary L. MrMurray. lot on
W line of Magnolia street, 235:6 S of Fifth, X
21 by W 65, block 476, Briggs Tract, map 2,
Oakland: $10.
Jani? Stone to Antone M. Vallejo, lot 13 on
partition map of Leonard Stone estate, Eden
Township; $2500.
Mary Ward to Rosanna Stevenson, lot on 8
line of Eighteenth street, 57:3 E of Cypress,
B 25 by S 104:9. Oakland: gift.
Charles W. Sexton to J. C. Holloway, lot on
W line of Myrtle street. 139:6 S of West Four
teenth, S 25 by W 12.", block 570, Oakland;
aIBO lot on E line of Webster street, 50 N of
Seventh, N 25 by E 75, block 79, Oakland;
$0000.
E. C. and Caroline M. Chrlstensen to Cnrl
Ludwlg, lot 10, block S, Knowles & Potter sub
division of Kennedy Tract, East Oakland; $600.
Inga and Charles Olalne to Jane Moore (wife
of J. B.), lot on NE corner of Moss avenue and
Ruby street. N 112. E 50, S 119:4, W 50:6 to be
ginning, being lots 30 and 31, Oakland Rail
road Homestead, Oakland Annex; $950.
William and Lulu H. Taylor to Bertha S.
Kullman, lot on N line of Highland avenue.
120 W of Elm street. W 40 by N 132.50, be life
lot 10, block N. Amended Map Moss Tract.
Brooklyn Township; $200.
Jose C. and Anna C. Louis to J. M. and Mary
J. de Freltoa, lot on N line of Pleasanton ave
nue, SOO W of Martin. W 400 by N 1060. contain
ing 10 acres, and bellng lots D and I Amended
Map Oakland and Improvement Company sub
division of portion of Santa Rita Rancho at
Pleasanton, Murray Township; $2000.
Horace Scott Beaton to Leah F. Mott. lot on
E line of Sherman street, 50 S of Clinton ave
nue. S 40, E 125, N 40, W 150 to banning, being
portion of Fitchburg and Sharon Tract, Ala
meda; $1500.
James R. and Margaret A. Little to J. E.
Little, lot on SW corner of Hearst avenue and
Mllvla street, W 45 by S 100, being lot 1, block
3, Sea View Park, Berkeley: $100.
Joseph Rose to Mary E. Rose, lot on 9 line
of Francisco street, 120 W of Hamilton, W 120
by S 135 :4Vi. being lot 2, block 2. State Uni
versity Homestead Association No. 6, Berke
ley; gift.
W. H. and J. T. Jeffress to John R. Glas
cock, lots 15 and 17, block S. North Alameda
Tract, quitclaim deed, Brooklyn Township; $1.
Andrew and Jane C. Jones to D. Sternscher,
lots 27 and 28, block I, Berthier's addition to
Jones Tract, Brooklyn Township; grant.
Anna Campbell to Jacob Heyman, lots
125 and 126. Alvln Tract, quitclaim deed, Brook
lyn Township; |10.
Henry Z. and Sarah M. Jones to Delia Albers
(wife of O. H.), lots 12, 13 and 14, block A, Al
lendale Annex. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Freilerlka Laumelster to Robert J. Campbell
(administrator of estate >■■' Delia M. Campbell),
lots 29 and 30. block E, Town of Mission San
Jose, quitclaim deed, Washington Township;
$1 .
Builders' Contracts.
Charles and Nellie Olsen (owners) with L. G.
Berjcen (contractor and architect). All work
for a frame cottage with rough basement on
N line of Chapultepec street, 100 E of Vir
ginia avenue. N 70 by E 25. Frame up and
rafters on, $300; brown mortar on, $300; com
pleted. $300; 35 days after, $300; total, $1200.
Bonds, $600: Henry Wilson and A. B. Johnson,
sureties. Limit. 60 working days, forfeit $i
per day. Plans and specifications filed.
Leah and Philip Meyer (owners) with G. H.
Moore (contractor), architect M. J. Lyon. Al
terations ami additions to make a 7-story brick
building on SW line of Second street, 45 S of
Stevenson, SW 25 by W 75. Celling Joists are
on, $500; brown ooat on, $250; white coat on.
$250; completed and accepted, $113; 35 days after,
$371: total, $1484. Bonds. $400; J. McMullen and
J. U. Moore, sureties. Limit and forfeit, none.
Plans and specifications filed. Amendment to
contract of June 11. 18S8.
Josephine A. Crackbon (owner) with Hugh
Keenan (contractor), architect owner. All work
for a 2-story and basement frame building on
W line of Sixth avenue, 125 S of Lake street. S
25 by W 120. Frame up, $1125; brown mortar
on. $1125; on completion. $1125; 35 days after,
$1125; total, $4500. Bonds, $1125; Walter Dlcklns
and F. 11. Ellis, sureties; limit, 70 working
days; forfeit, none; plans and specifications
filed.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
Mrs Q Johnston, Cal Mrs T P Robb, Cal
R D Hatch, Novato C X Woodruff. N T
T Dallon, Boston W Hamilton, Napa
W H Kelly. Antioch 8 Johnston &w, Oakld
J Ross. Antioch J V Logan. Stockton
A E Alexander, Cal Miss F McDonald. Cal
W T Mitchell, Ca: M Dlnkelsplel. Cal
F W Canfleld, Berkeley Dr J P Rellay, Cal
E Philips, Sacto N Wines, Santa Barb
Capt R Forbes, Scotlnd N Levy, Visalia
T M Shaw, USA AD Riedon. Los Ang
L Raffour. Sta Barbara W G Jasper, Wheatlnd
J J Macdonald, Denver E B Castle. Cal
W Stafford, Sta Barb Mrs R D Stephens, Sac
J A Heath, San Diego Mlsb Stephens, Saoto
Mrs S_ Evans, KetiuiiJo R D Stephens Jr. Sacto
A A Eoktrom, Ls Ang S Johnson, Alameda
M Goldsmith, Stockton T Hoffman, New York
Dr A L Kelrey, Cal A E Paine, Boston
J F Derr & w, Ls Ang J W Vail, Chicago
Miss H Derr, Los Ang F E Llvlngood. Chicag
Q F Forsyth, Riverside H H Seaton, Arbuckle
C E Week, Riverside |V H Callen, Williams
A J Stautham, Ls AngM L Isham, Cal
C Henshaw & w, Cal JL H Greene & w, Ohio
Misses Robinson, Stock Miss W R Greene, Ohio
V V Fagan, Wash D B Hart & w, Cal
J H Blgalow & w, Ohio F B Lathrop, Cal
Mrs C B Williams. O A Ogden, Sonora
J L Briggs & w, Or D E Kelliher, Eugene
P Nickells & w, Napa E P Tulloch. Oakdale
C Megard, Quincy W R Forman, Antioch
Mrs S T I>avel, Wash F P Jackson, Sacto
J S Pendleton, Cal .T Llndburg, Sacto
PALACE HOTEL.
J F Boyd&w, S Rafael Mrs Williams & d,
Mrs Brown, L Ang England
Miss Brown, Kentucky C Cudder&w, 8t Louis
T M Todd. Auburn Miss Williams, Mo
L Fifth & w, Sheffield G Buffam. St Louis
C McAllister. lowa Mrs Frank. S Jose
A McAllister, S Jose Mrs Davis, 8 Joee
T McMullen, Dawson R V Davis, 8 Joee
H Ferguson&w, Dawsn | A Tennant, Detroit
Mrs Calder, Dawson J W Mackay. N V
S Jewett&w, Bakersfld C H Mackay&w. N V
J X Hawk, L Ang T Mlnturn, Minturn
J Murray Coronado Mrs Buckingham. Cal
Miss Murray, Cal F Updegraf, Pasadena
D McLeod&w, S Mateo X D Wood, N V
R J Gross. Dunkirk I Mrs Wood. N V
J Furrell, Tehama T H Kelly, Sydney
R Truman, Keswick P R Wilson, Sydney
W G Nevin, L Ang M Grinbaum, Sydney
W G Nevta Jr. L Ang J Blcknell, L Ang
Dr Morrison, L Ang E Smith. Australia
W Hart & f, Miss R D Stephens, Sacto
J Hitchcock, L Ang Mrs Stephens, Sacto
Col Williams, England
BALDWIN HOTEL.
2 W Hutchlnson, Cal B T Gates, Alaska
Dr F Bethel, Stockton W F Week, Chicago
D White. Los Ang T Speyer, San Dietfj
J C Bunner, Sonoma E Leazllnn & s, Cal
X E Merrey, NY G T Ballon & w, Cal
E A Pope, Sacto E D Ford, Colorado
U E French, Sacto J F Dearth. Bakersfleld
(} O Larkln, Mo W J Littleton, Cal
G M Strouse, San Jose F Dodd, Fresno
S Crandall, Los Ang iW Jones, Ix>s Ang
S H Leitler, San Raf C Kreba, Oregon
J C Gamage, Omaha N Abrams, Hanford
F 8 Adams, On:aha Miss H Lontmuch, Or
W F Cochrane. Cal 'Mrs T N James, 111
INTERNATIONAL HOTEL.
C Rossbach, Htockton ij R Black Jackson
G Clark, L Gatos 'Mrs Fotterl, Sonora
Miss Clark. L Gatos C M Wilson, Chico
F A Howeil, S Jose C Watßon, S Cruz
G C Browne, Sacto J Maxwell, Vlsalla
J Gillisple &w. N V J R Turner. S Diego
R X James, Chicago Mrs A Olsen, Chicago
Mrs Revllle, Chicago I Mrs E Prodon. Chicago
Mrs L Beer, Canada J S Waller, L Ang
Mrs Oeborn & f, Ohio T Marking, Portland
J II Wilson, Modesto
MEETING NOTICES.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139. F. and A. ■
M — THIS EVENING, September 7. at _/V-
7:30 sharp. Stated meeting. D. 3d at jCjf.
8:30 o'clock. By order of the master, /^r-*
• H. FORTRIED, Secretary.
MOUNT MORIAH Lodge. No. 44. F. ■ ■
and A. M.— Stated meeting THIS _/V_
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, at 8 «jf
o'clock. /V>
THEO. FROLICH. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Council No. 1, R. &S. •
M., will meet THIS (WEDNESDAY) _^V_
EVENING, September 7, at S o'clock, iCJf
for business and degrees. By order of I^W
=• the T. I. M.
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Recorder. .
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166, F. and A. ■
Stated meeting THIS . (WEDNES- Mk
DAY) EVENING, September 7, at 7:30 IT Jf
o'clock. THEO. E. SMITH, Secretary. /\rN
THE regular meeting of the San Fran- ffl '
Cisco . Bricklayers' - Association will be II
held THIS . (WEDNESDAY) EVEN- JK/
ING, September 7. 1898, at B. B. HalV^Si^T
121 Eddy St., at 8 o'clock. A full at->«&:
tendance requested. Business lof im-*^ jlf*
portance. - ■
E. ,J. BRANDON, President.
QUARTERLY meeting— Austrian Be- v.-*Jfc-I
nevolent Society, will be held oSSkM
WEDNESDAY EVENING, Septem- Sg^»
ber 7, 7:30 Bharp. All members are r^Ha
requested to be present for Important
business. By order
r M. SCANALICH, President.
A. CONNICH. Secretary.
3 LODGE rooms; all : needed accommodations:
927 Mission. L. ALTSCHUL. 320 Clay 8t
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE— AII members of Unity Merchandise
Clubs' send your address ; immediately to box
1784, Call office; Important.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collection* mads;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st., room 6; tel. 5680.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co., 343 3d.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish waitress and seam-
stress desires situation, best of references.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
NEAT young German girl desires situation,
cooking and housework, or as nursa, $11) to
$15; references. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS German cook and housework
girl desires situation; city or country. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl desires situation as nurse,
$10; references. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
SWEDISH first-class cook; understands all
branches; 5 years' references. MRS. NOR-
TON. Swedish and German Employment
Bureau, 313 Sutter st.
GERMAN second girl; first-class waitress and
seamstress; references. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st.
NX'MBER of girls of all nationalties, with best
references, awaiting situations. MRS.
HIRD'S. Employment Office, 631 Larkln st.
Telephone Sutter 52.
FIRST-CLASS German cook, best of city refer-
ences, desires to secure a situation to-day.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
EASTERN lady Is prepared to do tailoring and
repairing and cleaning of gentlemen's cloth-
Ing; also plain family sewing. 989 Howard
st., near Sixth, room 44.
AS housekeeper by neat elderly American
widow; good cook and laundress; likes chil-
dren; references given; salary small. 230
Minna st.
WANTED— Situation by respectable American
lady working housekeeper; hotel or restau-
rant. Can be seen at her present employ-
ment, 202 Ninth st. No postals.
COOKING by first-class Eastern cook; 7 yearg
in lost place. Call between 9 and 12, 846
Hayes St., Bide entrance.
WOMAN wishes work by the day, washing,
ironing or housecleanlng; $1 and car fare.
36C Welsh st.
DRESSMAKER and seamstress wishes en-
gagements, $1 a day; children's clothes a
specialty. MRS. S.. 2122 Bush St.
RELIABLE woman wishes a situation In
American family; city or country. Call at
1024 Vi Geary st.
LAUNDRESS wishes a position to do plain
ironing. Call between 8 and 10 a. m. at 69
Tehama st.
I AM destitute and in need of work; can do
housework in small family or most any kind
of work. Box 1772, Call office.
GIRL wishes situation to do housework; sleep
home; must be paid by the week; $2. Box
1752, Call office.
PROTESTANT girl would like situation at
light housework In Mission. Address 45
Liberty st.
DRESSMAKING, children's clothes and all
kinds of plain sewing done reasonable, at 78V4
Clementina st. MRS. DEHNE.
REAL good cook and laundress; city or coun-
try; lived In good families. 143 Julian aye.
YOUNG German girl wishes light upstairs
work oV mind a child; wages $15. 1022 Larkln.
YOUNG girl wishes a situation to do chan'ber-
work. 27 Harriett st.
SITUATION wanted to do second work or as-
sist. Address 2680 Twenty-first st., cor. York.
YOUNG lady with some experience wishes a
position in an offlce or store. Box 1184, Call.
GOOD German lady wishes a situation aa
housekeeper. Box 1161, Call offlce.
SECOND girl wishes a situation; good wait-
ress and sewer. Box 1777, Call offlce.
GERMAN girl wishes a situation for general
housework and cooking. 1309 Stockton st.
MONEY on diamonds, sealskins, watchea and
jewelr7 at UNCLE HARRIS. IS Grant aye.
EXPERIENCED American cook; will do plain
washing or housework; good recommenda-
tions. 683 Stevenson st.
SITUATIONS WANTED- Continued.
EXPERIENCED nurse wants to take entire
charge infant or will help with light house-
work and mind children; Jewish people pre-
ferred. Address 532 Eddy st.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes work by the
day, $1 50. Box 1759, Call office.
EASTERN girl wishes position as general
housework; Is good cook; can furnish best
references. Please call 651 Bay St., near
Leavenworth.
WANTED — First-class place as housekeeper;
best of reference. Address M. HITCHCOCK,
Elmhurst, Cal.
RELIABLE seamstress wishes sewing, 50c per
day; references. Address E. E., 615 Larkln.
GERMAN girl wishes place; general housework
cooking; $20 jor $25. Box 181, Call office.
WANTED— By competent young woman, posi-
tion as housekeeper, chambermaid or wait-
ress; wages $20; references. Address House-
keeper, box 364, Ukiah, Cal.
MIDDLE-AGED lady of some experience would
like a position In a doctor's office. Address
MRS. M. C. box 4. Call office.
POSITION to do housework for two In family
very competent; wages $26. Call or address
2711 Bryant Bt.. near Twenty-sixth St.
B ITXJATIONS WANTED-MALi!
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 yearsThelD:
tel. Main 1987. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay St.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414^ O'Farrell at.; tel. East 42«.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 3D Geary; tel. Grant 58.
WANTED— Position by temperate married
man (carpenter). In wholesale house of any
kind; understands packing in all Its branches.
Address Carpenter. 21 Rausch st.
SMART, well-educated young Englishman
wants employment, any capacity; good busi-
ness man; first-class correspondent. Box 1773.
Call office.
EXPERIENCED, reliable man from north of
Europe would like to travel with rich fam-
ily; active and sober; very best references.
_Box 690, Call office.
COACHMAN; competent, steady, careful driv-
er, good horseman and overseer; not afraid
of work; many years with same employer;
__best references. Box 1770, Call office.
SOBER middle-aged man wants position in
small restaurant or hotel as dishwasher,
kitchen hand or to make beds; last place five
_jrears. Address box 118S, Call office.
BY man of good address and business ability,
position as cashier or accountant; first-class
Box 1778, Call office.
BARTENDER, German. 25. reliable and wlll-
Ing. 2')7 Montgomery are., room 50.
WORK by strictly sober German married en-
gineer, who does firing, plpe-flttlng, repair-
Ing and put up any kind of machinery to full
satisfaction: city or country. Address Engi-
neer, box 100, Call office.
YOUNG man wishes to learn the blacksmith
trade. 1625 San Bruno road.
OLD man wants light work. Box 1T64, Call
Office.
MONEY on diamonds, sealskins, watches and
jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS' 15 Grant aye.
STRONG middle-aged man wishes to learn
trade. Address box 1711. Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; tCO rooir.s; 2Cc to $1 SO night; $1 50 to $«
week: convenient and respectable; fre* 'baa
and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
WAITRESS, Monterey, $20; waitress, Watson-
ville, $20; waitress, Bakersfleld, fare paid. $20;
and 10 waitresses, different country hotels,
$20; 2 hotel cooks, $30, see parties here; Scan-
dinavian chambermaid, $30 and room. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
COOK and young second girl for Mayfleld. $25
and $10, see lady here 10 a. m. ; 2 German
cooks, $30; cook, Berkeley, $25; ranch cook,
short ways in country $20 fare paid; second
girl, $25; nurse girl, $20. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
COOK, German style, $35: I cooks, $30 and $35:
12 housework girls, city and country. $20 and
$25: 6 young glrle, assist, $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN, 245 Sutter st.
LAUNDRESS, $30. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter
street.
NURSE, Infant, $25: t second -iris, $20 and $25.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
WORKING housekeeper, $25. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st.
MOTHER and son, mining town, as cook and
asaistant, $40. MIBK CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
COOK, boarding-house for men, $30. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
6 YOUNG girls, light housework, |12 to $15.
MISS CULLEN. 32C Sutter st.
COOK; mining camp; $25. MISS CULLKN, SSS
Sutter st.
YOUNG girl; light housework; $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
SECOND work; $15. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sut-
teT at.
HOUSEWORK girl; Martlnei; $16; no wash.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter Bt.
REFINED German second girl; $20. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
REFINED Klrl; light work; $16 per month.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
6 WAITRESSES, $J0 and $25: city and coun-
try. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman; $10. MISS CUL._.n.N,
325 Sutter st.
COOK and second girl; country; $35; good
place. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
SECOND girl, $25: Infant's nurse, $25; 3 Ger-
man. French and Scandinavian cooks. $25 and
$30' young second girls and girls for light
housework, $15. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316
Sutter st.
COOK and second girl, same house, country,
$25 and $10, see lady here at 10 to-day; girls
for general housework. Berkeley, $20 and $25;
Mayfleld, $25; Alameda. $25; Mountain View,
$15; and others; German nurse, $20: and girls
for cooking and housework. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter Bt.
NIGHT cashier for first-class restaurant, $8 per
week, references required; head waitress, pri-
vate boarding house, $25; 8 waitresses, coun-
try hotels and restaurants, $20 and $25; 6
restaurant waitresses, city, $5 and $6 week.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK. $30; cook. $30: second girl, $20;
nurse girl. $20; 2 nurse girls, $15 and $12.
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
HOUSE girl. 2 In family, $20, no washing; 2
house girls for light work, $15 each. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, country. $20; house
girl, Berkeley, $20; Oakland. $20; Los Gatos,
$20; Belmont, $20, no washing; San Rafael
$20. MRS. NORTON, 318 Sutter st.
YOUNG girl to assist, no cooking, $10; house
girl, $25, 3 In family; German house girl, 2 in
family, $20; waitress, $15; chambermaid. $15.
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter Bt.
YOUNG American girl wishes to go where
there is only a baby to care for and help with
light housework. Address box 1775, Call office.
YOUNG girl to assist In housework; no chil-
dren. Before noon at 1318 Masonic avenue
Halght-st. cars.
GIRL for general housework, assist in cook-
ing; wages $16. 912 McAllister st. Call af-
ter 8 a. m.
WANTED— Young girl for housework and chil-
dren, $10. 160G Devlsadero st.
GERMAN girl for housework and cooking;
wages $20. Call store, 321 Kearny st.
EXPERIENCED hands on glove work! Ex^
celsior Glove Co., 413 and 415 Market st.
GIRL to assist In general housework. 1218
Fulton st.
WANTED— FIrst-clase pantaloon finisher. 26
Tehama Bt.
NURSE and seamstress, one child. Call after
10 o'clock, 2700 California st.
WANTED— A middle-aged German woman for
general housework and cooking. 836 Union.
EXPERIENCED glove salesladyl^uinjarticul
lare by letter. W. M. SMITH, 128 Post at.
BONAZ operator wanted. 228 Bush at.; up
stairs.
QUICK, neat sewer apprentice on tailoring
317 Clementina Bt.
WANTED— lmmediately, first-class dressmak-
ere. MME. GREENE, 331 O'Farrell st.
APPRENTICE for dressmaking; good sewer.
540 Ellis st.
GIRL for plain cooking and tending to store-
_German preferred. 837 Broadway.
WANTED— First-class coat and buttonhole fln-
lsher. 76 Harriet st.
RESPECTABLE girl, IS or 16. assist light
hou«ework. 1430 Leavenworth st.
GIRL wanted as laundress and to do general
housework. Apply 10 to 12. 1721 Van Ness.
WANTED— A woman to help in restaurant
kitchen; sleep home. 830 Howard st.
GIRL or woman to assist in housework. 950
Folsom st., near Sixth; upstairs.
2 WAITRESSES wanted Immediately at 121 2^
Polk St.. Model Restaurant, near Sutter.
ELDERLY lady assist light housework; good
home ; small wages. 1734 Hyde st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher wanted on custom
coats. 50 Ellis st., room 54.
TWO young ladles to Introduce Egry Auto-
graphic Sale* Registers among down town
merchants. PERNAU BROS.. 643 Clay st.
GIRL for second work and waiting on table;
US. 986 Grove at.; bet. 10 a. m. and 4 p. m.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
WOMEN and girls: steady work on fruit and
canning. Callfornian Canneries Co.. Ltd..
Brannan st., bet. Third and Fourth.
WANTED— good finishers on fine pants, f.60
Fourth St., near Brannan.
YOUNG German girl to assist with housework
and children. 735 Turk st.
YOUNG girl for light housework and to assist
with 2 children. Apply 21 Beulah St., bet.
Cole and Shrader. . ___
GIRL to do light housework. 137 South Park.
GIRL for general housework: assist with cook-
ing; city references required. 2013 Pine st.
GOOD finisher on coats; $9 a week.: 251 Eighth
st., Oakland. - p __
MONEY on diamonds, sealskins, watches and
jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
GIRL for general housework. Call after 9
a. m. 3448 Twentieth st.. corner Capp.
GOOD chance for a young, lady, not under 18,
to learn a good trade. Box 1771. Call office.
GIRL to learn dressmaking; good sewer; small
wages. ICO7 Devlsadero st.
WANTED— Thoroughly experienced talloress on
custom coats. 222 Seventh st.
MISS GILLIGAN, dressmaking and cloak-mak-
Ing school. 223 Grant av°. ■■' -'
WANTED— on flannel overshlrts: a
few Inexperienced hands taken and taught.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 36VJ Fremont st.
LITTLE girl to take care of baby. Apply 2213
Pine Bt. __ m
LEARN dressmaking and millinery: position*
free; patterns. 25c up. McDowell's, 103 Post.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
3 MORE colored waiters, 4 days extra; free
fare; free fee. C. R. HANSEN & CC-.. 104
Geary st. ■ ' •
SECOND cook, plain hotel, $35; cook, eating-
house, north, $50; assistant cook, $9 a week;
cook, $8 a week; 2 waiters, $7 a week; waiter,
$35; 2 waiters, $45. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
ALL-ROUND laundryman, hand laundry. $30
and found; polisher and starcher $30 and
found; ironer, $30 and. found. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st. - . .
THIRD hand, bread and cake, $30; baker's
helper, $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
GANG of laborers and teamsters for the Coast
road, free fare; 25 2-horee teamsters, north,
$25 ar.d found and fre» fare; 700 laborers and
rockmen for work on the Alaska and Skaguay
Railroad. For particulars call on C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
2 SCRAPER loaders, $1 a day and board;
milker," $25; 10 men to handle lumber, $1 76 a
day, board where you like; 5 laborers, $1 50
a day; 10 men to handle and pile lumber, $28
and board; 7 swampers, $35 and board. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FOR the employment agents' afternoon adver-
• tisements read the San Francisco Daily Re-
port. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
C. D. WOLF, waiter, please call. MURRAY
& READY. 634-636 Clay st.
CARPENTER for an institution, $1 50 per day
j and found. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay.
WAITER for hotel, mining town, $30 and
found, see boss here; cook and wife, country
hotel. $40 and found; waiters, different coun-
try hotels; cooks, country hotels, from $30 to
$50 and found; dishwashers, etc. MURRAY
& READY, 634-636 Clay st. .
MAN used to driving 4-horse team to drive
milk wagon, $25 and found. MURRAY &
- READY, 634-636 Clay St. •;
WANTED— morning 10 more
laboring . men to work In lumber yard, $1 50
to $2 per day; this Is a city Job for married
or single men
Sonoma County
Look here — 20 men to make redwood posts 4
by 6, 6 feet long; woodchoppers for Lake
County to cut oak cordwood
Teamsters Teamsters
We want . 5 teamsters, city work, . $26 and
found; also 3 teamsters, $1 75 . day; ranch
teamsters, $25 and found, and for
Railroad work free fare.......'..
20 scraper teamsters. $25 and found, and 3
and 4 horse teamsters, $1 70 and 51 85 day....
'.■"..... To the mines '
We want 25 more laborers, $1 60 to $2 50 per
day; ranch and orchard hands, milkers,
choremen. etc. ; ranch cooks. $20 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-C36 Clay St.
WANTED— S grape pickers, $1 day; 3 Scandi-
navians to dig post holes, $2 day, free fare;
small boy for dentist's office; 4 quartz miners,
$2 50 day; laborer for mine, $2 day : black-
smith, $35; 50 laborers for different kinds of
work, $1 day and board ; farmer and - wife,
• $35; choreman, $10 and found, and others.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
■ mento Bt. r , , • ' " -
WANTED— Fry cook. $40; cook, country boanJ-
ing-house, $40; 2 hotel waiters, country. $25; "
night dishwasher, $6 week; dishwasher, coun-
try Institution. $20; restaurant waiters, $10
week, and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
. & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— and oyster cook, $50; res-
taurant cook, country, $50; hotel cook, $45;
cook, $30: 3 dishwashers. $30, $25 and $10;
waiters, $25 to $40; washer for small coun-
try laundry, $25; ■ boy for store, $10 and
found; elevator boy, $15 and found; large of-
fice boy, $3 a week; woodchopper; farmer and
Wife, take charge of orchard, $40; stable-
man, $20, etc. ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton st.
WANTED— Blacksmith for ranch near city, $30;
blacksmith's helper for shop near city, $9 per
week: man "to care for race horses, $20 and
found: young German for private place In
city. $15 and found and increase; driver for
milk route, references required, $30 and found;
dishwashers and others. W. D. EWER &
CO.. 626 Clay st. ; • .. . -...;..
6 RAILROAD laborers, steady work, section,
*20 and board ; 10 woodchoppers, everything
■ advanced ; axmen, to make lagglns ; hostler,
$25; locksmith; farmers. R. T. WARD &
CO., 608 and 610 Clay st. ■■
BOY to do chores, $15 per month, ■ country.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
MOTHER and son. $40, mining town. MIS 3
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
AN; English boy, $20 per month, as second
butler. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter. St.
YOUNG man living with parents, typewriter,
short hand; salary: references. Box 1779,
Call office.
GOOD lunch waiter wanted. Northeast corner
of Howard and Beale Bts.
"WANTED— A first-class upholsterer and first-
class finisher. 1714 Polk st.
CAKE - baker wanted, $30 and found. Inquire
at 913 Buchanan St., near McAllister.
WANTED- First-class furniture polisher. I
Ninth st.
WANTED— A blacksmith on new work. Corner
. Stelner and Waller sts.
COMPETENT optician; salary or commission;
fair work. 1071V4 Market St., near Seventh.
WANTED— person who has had some ex-
perience at barber trade. 763 Mission st.
BARBER wanted; steady; one for Saturday
■ and Sunday. 105 Fourth st.
LUNCH waiter. 248 East st.
GOOD dishwasher at Magnolia Cafe. 4 East
St., opposite Oakland ferry; $5 per week.
GOOD bootblack wanted at 419 Larkln street.
YOUNG man residing home to learn - liquor
business. Brownstone Wine Co, 331 Ellis st.
GOOD oyster and short order cook wanted.
The Louvre. San Rafael.
WANTED— cook. 1012 Battery street.
BOY to learn printing trade; small wages. Box
1786, Call office.
YOUNG man to wait on table and do porter
work. 37 Eddy st.
ASHER. 1024 Hyde st.
2 GOOD house painters wanted at 1610 Laguna
street. . ■ . ':..•- . . : •
GOOD barber wanted for Saturday and Sunday
and L every evening. 1326 Pacific st.
WANTED— OId man to do chores." 412 Natoma
st. to-day at 10 o'clock. • . •
," ~~7 : ~~~ - •■■.»■ ~~ ... •■:■:■.-:■•
BOOTBLACK wanted. • 1048 McAllister st.
MAN who has had experience In wholesale
grocery for general work, repacking and
coopering; wages $10 per week; advancement
.If It can be earned; references. Box 761, Call.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States ma-
rine corps. United - States navy; able-bodied
. unmarried men, j between the ages of 21 • and ■
SO years, who are citizens of the United
States, or those who have legally declared
their intention to ■ become such ;- must be ;of
good character and habita and able to speak
read and write English, - and be between S
I feet 5 inches and 6 feet In height. For further .
Information apply at the recruiting office 20
Ellis St.. San Francisco, Cal.
MAN familiar with tamale business as solici-
tor; commission and salary. Call 7 to 9a. m
and 5 to 7, p. m., 417, Mason st.
D S I iX. E R «fM mnk «on: reference. . JAME3
KENNY. Silver aye., near Mission road. t
WANTED— A : second : cook; /wages $15; fat the
■ t Washington Hotel. 624 Fourth st. l.\
BARB I R S Special . auction Monday, Septem-
«el^« e 1^ 2 P m K" at 1504 Park st - Alameda. of
a modern _ barber - shop; ; investigate before
sale this chance of buying paying shop.
C S« T m R * on »" hl , rt ; and i overalls steady em-
_ployment. Apply 308 Sacramento st. ,- - "
WANTED— A" man - for ? nursery work- waepa
: V $15 i per month. „ 600 Halght st. ° wages
MEN 'to • learn - barber ? trade: easy ' ternw or
trade cuaranteed for *16. ll4j Market tt'HELI' WANTED-Contlnued.
' I ttun T Ec?RMv! Ore an( mechanics to know
r,,, tA Rolkl , n Reno n House proprietor, still
Vi™ I^" ver House - 2n Third st.; 150 large
rooms; 2.,oj»er night; fq to $3 per week.
M i°.n F iVi V Vt I ' l8 ' sealskins, watches and
_ frwelry at i NCLK Harris', is Grant aye.
B ££ BE tt R H ProgreMlv* Union: free empjoy-
. m t. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
prPM? L Ass 't Free Employm't Offlce. S.
FLCHh. Sec.. 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 13«.
M |^*"f, ™° mfi * to learn barber trade at San
_ branclEco Barber College, 135% Eighth st.
Bl f!oiint *yev c cal f shoes to order, $2 50; men's
■ eolln g. only one price. 923 Howard st.
Vpn. H N f m Market St., official employ-
. ment secretary of Barbers' Protective Union.
' & \^?JS?r °*? lnar y seamen, carpenters, coast.
- AuB tralla. Europe. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
£v nd ord| «iary peamen wanted at
1 ANE.B. 504J3av| 3 st., near Jackson.
Sl^?m E fUrn . l! e<1 U nne - lar sunny and airy
- rooni ■ -•'■ night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st.
T SI cmc House. 957 Market st., below Sixth.
ror a room; »<= a night; $1 a week.
M t^*J" To oollec t wages due laborers and
Ks -__fs n °x Collection Agency, lia Sutter st.
B^S LE T r . oo i ris ' lOc and 15c night; 75c and $1
wg«aK. undell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
"mSJSSFS? 11 HOUSE. 44 Third st.. near
Market; 200 rooms, 25c night; reading room;
iree bus and baggage to and from the ferry. ;
*! H ES ST.— Branch offlce of The CaU.
subscriptions and ads taken.
AGENTS MAXTIiI).
LADIES and gentlemen; new proposition; big
money. Room 16, Press Club building, 123
Ellis st. . ■ .V
_EXTS to handle a quick-selling novelty of
??.?.£/• Greater " VVeat Adv. & Novelty Co..
.1155%. 1155% Washlneton st.. Oakland. Cal.
i:T-F.VENTH, 106-Branch offlce of The Call.
■ frubscrlptlons and ads taken.
FURMTURIO WANTED.
CABH for fixtures, groceries, furniture, mer-
' n -?. se: Eold on commission; reasonable. E.
COHN. auctioneer. 430 Seventh. Tel. Mint 1904.
H. BAITM buys furniture and general raer-
chandlse. 1057 Market st.; tel. Jessie 32.
ROOMS AVANTED.
I. HOUSEKEEPING rooms In warm belt; state
price; furnished or unfurnished. Box 1774,
Call offlce.
"WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
ROLLER top desk; also safe; state full par-
tlculara and price. J. 8.. 807 Guerrero st.
CORNET wanted— Good B flat cornet to hire
by the month. J. J., box 1785. Call.
WANTED— A 3-row accordion; must be cheap.
2140 Filbert st.
WANTED— or chapel organ. Box 933,
Call. . .. a'
WANTED— A 25-horse power engine in good
condition; give full particulars and best price
t. o. b. cars, San Francisco. Address R. R.,
box 1706. Call office.
/i PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern appa-
I ratua. second-hand. 109 Montgomery st. ■
EDUCATIONAL.
MARK HOPKINS Institute of Special
life classes have been formed for women,
every Monday, Wednesday and Friday even-
Ings, $5 per month or $16 per term;; antl'iue
• • classes, $5 per month or $10 per term; day
classes, S days per week, $10 per month or
537 50 per term; Saturday class, $12 per term.
For further particulars apply at school build-
ing, corner Mason and Pine sts., • to J.-H.
MARTIN, Secretary. '
A ST. CELIAN choral Is being formed by M.
Meripan, organist St. Dominic's; 100 voices
■wanted every Wednesday evening: entrance
and dues first month, $1; includes thorough
vocal instruction; sight reading; blackboard
used; private lessons: voice piano organ. Ap-
.ply 1 to 5 p. m., hall 5, 102 O'Farrell st.. or
residence, 1302 Webster, mornings, Vevenings.
HEALD 1 S Business College. 24, Post SV— Eook-
keeping, business practice, ihorthand, typ-
lng, telegraphy, languages. English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering: sur-
veying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1592: catalogue. ''
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st.:
Individual instruction In shorthand, typing,
v bookkeeping, telegraphy, penmanship, English
branches and special course for Civil Service
examinations, etc.: life scholarship, $50; low
rates per week and month. ! . • '• .
UNIVERSITY coach— Newell Perry, Ph. B.. Fel-
low In Mathematics. U. C, 7407 S. Atherton.
nr. Charming- way, Berkeley: write for circular.
ENGINEERING School civil, electrical, mln-"
In*, mech. survey, assay, archit.; day & eve.;
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILIJHN. 833 Market.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory In
Leipslc; lessons 75 cents. 110 Hyde st.
MME. Annls Montague Turner, vocal Instruc-
ttona; correct and natural method. S3O Bush.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. Tarr. 672 Parrott bldg.
SHORTHAND taught in 1 month: references;
private lessons; terms $10. 712 Van Ness aye.
ELOCUTION and oratory; F. Cooke Caldwell:
1» yrs. experience. Press Club bldg. 123 Ellis.
ENGLISH literature, mythology: Shakespeare
classes: prl. tuition. Mrs. Ehrman. 1234 Bush.
LEO COOPER'S school of acting, elocution,
pantomime and stage technique. 814 Geary st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
• In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments- and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN,. CLAY & CO.,
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
stf>., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
AN elegant Hardman piano; slightly used;
I very low price; a square for practice, $25; a
Steinway, $150; closing out several others,
fine order, at low prices, to make room: see
our elegant display of Hardmans; no better
pianos made. THE J., DEWING CO., second
floor. Flood building.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
86, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
CHAPPELL upright, $86, mahogany; Mar-
shal! & Wendell upright. $150. rosewood; Gab-
ler upright. $l? 0, rosewood. Chlckerlng agents,
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16-20 O'Farrell Et.
FOR the next 30 days pianos will be sold for
cash at almost cost price by THE ZENO
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 769 Market St.; they
are making room for fresh stock.
BOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy, Newby, Evans,
Briggs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. 308. 310, 312 Post st.
NEW organs rented, $1 per month: new pianos
: rented, $2 60 per month. SCOTT-CURTAZ
PIANO CO., 680 Hayes st.
A MAGNIFICENT 3-pedal Stelnway, nearly
new, $150. KEEFE'S, 1019 Van Ness aye.
GRAND bargain, fine upright 'Cheap for cash;
must sell. Room 33, 506 Jones st.
A— s6o; UPRIGHT; $5 Installments; other cheap
pianos. 216 McAllister st.
6PFCIAL sale of pianos; wholesale prices to
all. W. C. HAMILTON. 324_Post st^ '. '
"AD" smallest; price lowest; uprights, $75 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis «t.
A GOOD upright very cheap. 16 McAllister st.,
next Hlbernla Bank. SCHMITZ.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
HORSES.
eTiioi^E^oT^very^descri ptlon at Emporium
Bales Yards, 220 Valencia Ft., between Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth; also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc.. at your own price; come and
make an offer. ■ ' -
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, - buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse ■ Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
LARGE assortment of work, draught and drlv-
Ing horses, cheap. 145 Viiloncla st. ■
f WAGOXS AND CARRIAGES.
FINE laundry, bakers' and milk wagons cheap
for cash or Installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy: also 1 hack. 828 Harrison st. •
SPECIAL eale of harnesi and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co.. 211 Lurkin. opp. City Hull.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg., 827 Mar-
ket; consultation free; no fees in advance. ■ ;
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without sucess; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. E27 Market at. ■ - ,
~ SEWING MACHINES. -. ; , .. .
AUTOMATIC, Domestic. Singer and WhlU
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission Bt.
{2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 206 Fourth at.
BUSINESS CHANCES. •
$250— SALOON on Third st,. close to Call build-
ing; rent $25; clubrooms; stock worth $500;
circumstances compel owner to accept 25 per
cent if sold at once. WILKE. 783% Market a\.
A— s9oo; RARE chance; saloon in "choicest loca-
tion; billiards; elegant fixtures; large stock
of liquors: excellent paying place; other busi-
ness compels - owner ■to a great sacrifice.
■ WILKE. 7&3% Market st. . ' . -
$750— CORNER grocery and bar. with 4 living
rooms; very best location; 2 blocks -north of
Hibernia Bank; doing a splendid ' cash bar
and store trade. Inquire WILKE, 753% Mar-
ket st. '-■•- '--■■■ . - ■ . ■
A— s4so; RESTAURANT and chophouse; kept
1 y present owner for. 20 years; average daily
receipts $35; a genuine first-class business of-,
fer. WILKE. 783% Market St.
A— s2.">o— PARTNER in Al restaurant; .cook
preferred; meals 35c upward. LESS, 765 Mkt.
$750— CORNER grocery and delicacy store in
Western Addition: established six years; low
rent; sickness cause of sale. . LESS & CO.,
7C5 Market st. • - - ;
tISOO— CORNER grocery, liquor and feed busi-
neas; 5 living rooms; best part of Mission;
horse and wagon; owner there six years: one
of our best bargains. LESS & C 0... 765. Mk.t.
CORNER •grocery and bar with four
fine Jiving rooms; rent $20; choicest location;
first-class paying; owner bought hotel in San
Jose 'and must sacrifice; a' bargain. ■ Call
WILKE, 753% Market st. ■ . ,- ■
$10 000— GENERAL merchandise store In a pros-
perous country town: stock by Inventory; re-
tiring. Mclaughlin & co., 777 Market st.
$1000- PARTNER wanted In shipping business;
must be a Scandinavian and have references.
Mclaughlin & co.. 777 Market st. ;
JJ. • BRANCH bakery: good place; living
* rixTms; rent $11. McLAUOHLIN, 777 Market.
$2200 or less— Gent's furnishing, Oakland; at in-
voice; clears $150. KREDO & CO.. 22%. Geary.
$1800; corner grocery and bar; value insight;
$35 to $40 dally. Kredo & Co.. 22% Geary st.
$1600-Cor. drutr store; invoice $3000; $25 dally;
$800 cash KREDO & CO., 22% Geary st.
$25Q-OLD established cigar, stationery, candy
store- furnished rooms; good place for bright
woman. JONES_&_SEARLL, 865 Market st.
"tinon— GROCERY and bar; Western Addition;
"KttoUon; d.irg good business;^r wlil
take a partnerJ-(^NES_& SEARLL. 865 MKt.
$350— DELICACY, dairy, produce store: fine lo-
caTlon; Western Addition with 4 sunny liv-
ing rooms; receipts average $10; «ceUent
change for man and wife. STENBERG &
CO.. 26 1 Kearny St.
B0 PER month; steady man wanted with $150
as partner In established b^iness In San Ra-
fael. Particulars of GEO. STfc-WAKI & CO.,
633 Market st. ■ '
pivnv store and ice cream parlors in
$^od country town. DECKER, 1020 Market.
BUTCHER bualness; first-class fixtures and
cash trade: must be sold this week; owner
going to Klondike. Apply 1309 Mason st.
FOR sale-Barber chop; good location; long
lease; cheap on account of other business.
Wallock building, Vlsalla, Tulare Co.. Cal.
LIQUOR store and wine house; fine central lo-
cation; will sell fixtures without stock if de-
slred; low rent. Box 1740. Call offlce.
FINE paying candy Etore for sale cheap. In-
quire at 1544 Market st. ,
BARBER wanted to buy shop; good trade;
cheap rent. Call 227% Second Bt ■
BARBER shop, good business, with baths, for
sale, In country. 122 Third Et.
NICE fruit store for sale, on account of
sickness; low rent. 130 Btghth Bt.
A— ST.OO; SALOON opposite new ferry; bargain.
Address box 1746. Call offlce.
14000— A RARE opportunity of obtaining an es-
tablished, paying retail notion and stationery |
business, which must be Bold, as owners have
been appointed Western agents for Egry
Autographic Registers. Apply PLRNAU
BROS., 543 Clay et., San Francisco.
$800— old-established butcher shop, doing
nice business; fixtures complete; larice com-
bination safe; large and small scales; cash
register, almost new; large ice box; marble
counters, etc. Apply box 1765. Call office.
FOR SALE— A fine tea, coffee an.l spice busl-.
ness; stock, fixtures and large out=ld« trade;
owner going in wholesale business; price i
reasonable.' Address box 940, Call offlce. ■
BARBER shop across the bay; great bargain]
If taken immediately; owner is in saloon
■ business; big wages guaranteed. Apply i
STOLTZ, 630 Market st.
WANT partner with email capital for legiti-
mate proposition; will net $2500 in two
months. Call, t' to 6. at 1265 Franklin St.,
Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS oyster house for eale; first-class
location; on account of other business. Z.,
boXr9,.£aU.Qfflce.,.Qakla»d.. .._ _ -„ . . . „. .
15 CENT barber shop; good location; 2 revolv-
ing chairs;- fair trade; price,. $125. Apply to
STOLTZ. 630 Market st.
JOB Printers— About $1500 will put you Into
good business. X.. box s, Call office, Oakld.
$125— PARTNER to open dairy and produce
store; have team and fixtures. GCS Clay pt.
SALOON and lodging house; will improve to
suit tenant. Inquire 130 Fourth st.
CHEAP saloon, .doing good business; living
rooms upstairs. Apply Call offlce.
BUTCHER shop; on account of ill health; good
trade, j 891 Sixth st.
GOOD bakery, only store trade; cash business:
good location; fine chance for baker. For par-
ticulars apply this office. '
FOR Sale— A half Interest in the best 4-chalr
barber shop In Fresno; It must be sold at
once. Address X.. box 2957, Fresno.
PHYSICIAN would like to hear of country lo-
cation; druggiPts and others might reply. Box
184, Call offlce.
MONEY en diamonds, sealskins, watches and
jewfli-v at UNCLE HARRIS. IS Grant aye.
$10;0-CORNER grocery and bar In Mission;
present owner there seven years. Address
Grocery Store, 868 Folsom st.
STATIONERY store of 20 years' standing; 1
block from school. Apply Call offlce.
GAS fixtures very low; large assortment; 1
end 2 bowl barber washstands. cheap. HUF-
ECHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
FOR sale-Call route at San Jose. For par-
tlculars apply at Call business offlce.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.-3. 415 Sacramento at.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— 74 rooms; south of Market St.; fine $4000
31 rooms; transient; Market st 950
la rooms; select; transient: corner 300
38 rooms: ti"Kant; furnished hotel 1800
o t't , IiYI) & CO., successors to Rogers
& Hyde. 1200 Market st.
A~2,6,A ~ 2 , 6 , ROOMS; rent $50: near Baldwin Hotel;
call this week. F. C. HYDE & CO.. suc-
cessors *n Rogers & Hyde. 1206 Market st.
A— KREDO & CO 22% GEARY ST.
11 rooms; fine residence: Geary Bt. • all
new; clears $60 monthly; must sell $ 800
14 rooms; bay-window corner; central and
desirable; clears • $100 . month 850
\ a r, 00 8 newl papered; good furniture;
$300 cash; balance time 600
60 rooms; beat on Geary st. ; clears $150-
nothing better ever offered 2000
Several large houses to exchange for realty.
16-ROOM house; easy payments $r.OO
8-rootn flat; very good " «oo
60 th r £SS&J to 30 ° ■.■.".'.' .$lOO "to 6000
H. C. DECKER 1020. Market, opp. Fifth.
WINSTON & CO.. 646 Market st. ~ ■
Money to an on furniture. 2% per cent.
U rooms; 2 corners; trade for 10t.... 41200
45 rooms, rent $75; north of Market 1500
60-room hotel; rent $100; corner 4500
FURNITURE FOR SALH.
FURNITURE of .8 living rooms complete- ex-
rig ffd^&l l^. »«&?■■£-
SBffff p I g M - tW -- l cheap;
FOR SALE— OId oak carved dinlnir room TvmiU
Mil style: crockery, 32 piece" for collection
last century; no more manufactured. Write
name and address to A. Z.. box 1780, Call.
6-ROOM flat> brand new furniture" for sale
Call forenoons at 1711 Scott t.
CARPET CLEANING.
c7TTn3tel^n~cTr'p^^^
moves lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS mJt
38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with doof wnrV
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Ca™t.
_beatlng Works. 353-57 Tehama st?; tel^ S. 40*
J. MCQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet-cleaning Co 453
Stevenson tit.; tel. South 228; lowest rate'ii. r#
CARPETS cleaned at- 3c per yard; relald at 2c.
STRATTON, 3 Eighth Bt.; tel. Jessla 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning 3c yard; tel. Mlselon 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works; 333 Golden
. Gate aye. ; tel. East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 3!'4. -QEO. WOLCOM. Proprietor.
.'- ■ '.*/. . LOST. ''
LOST— Sunday. September 4, a lady's gold open
face key winding watch and fob. Liberal
reward If returned to A. LOGIE, 639 Market
St., or after 6 p. m. to 617 Folsom st.
■':•;;,' ■••-;.' I FOUND. '^ ;■...•■ "
LEFT at our . store on August 19, one bicycle.
Owner can . have ' same -by proving owner-
ship and paying expenses. RE BROB.,
Twenty-fourth Bt. ■ and Potrero aye. ' . ..
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
BAY-WINDOW house of 4 rooms; 212 Perry st.,
near Fourth; rent $12 50;. water free. Apply
to G. H. UMBSEN & CO.
ELEGANT house 8 rooms; front and rear gar-
den. 818 McAllister St.; rent $35.
FOR RENT— House of 10 rooms and bath. 1310
Larkln st. Apply 1318 Larkln st.
LAUREL aye., nr. Turk & Buchanan— can
economize by hiring, house 6 rms; bath; $11.
PINE. 665 — 4-room and bath, sunny side; cellar;
cheap. ' - •"■ '••.-"■■•>
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st. . '
$25— 8-STORY, 7 rooms and bath. 113 Olive
aye., near corner Polk and Ellis sts.
COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY cottages, 6 rooms, bath; basement,
yard; cheap. 1876 Fifteenth St., near Dolores.
. FLATS TO LET.
a— 4TH^s7TlinXrrooms?7rr.7rr7l?!TTT^sTi
A— 7o fiats; sto 7 rooms $11— $20
20 new flats (cheap) .at • SPECK & CO. 602
Market st. ' . . .
BRANNAN, 725, above Sixth— Nice flat of 8
rooms, $7; also 2-room flat, $5. '
EDDY, 1244, near Laguna— Sunny flat 6 rooms;
bath; modern improvements. "
EIGHTEENTH. 4585. near Hattie— i and S
roomß and bath; rent $12 and $13:
FULTON, 118— Fine sunny middle f.at: 7 rooms.
_bath|_water free; near City Hall; $2S.
FOLSOM. 961, . near Sixth— with 7 rooms
_and bath; suitable for private and rooming.
MOSS, 30%, between Sixth and Seventh, off
Howard— Lower bay-window flat of 3 large
rooms; yard; basement.
MONEY on diamonds, sealskins, watches and
Jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS. IS Grant aye.
ATOM A. 714%— Flat of 4 rooms: yard and cel-
lar; sun all day; $10; no children.
NO B HILL flat. opp. Stanford's, 7 rooms, bath.
$35. 720 Powell St. -
SHIPLEY. 287. near Si_th-$l4; flat 6 rooms
and bath.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
FLAT of 4 rooms. 816 Folsom St., near
Fourth. s
— TO let— Corner flat of 5 rooms and bath.
Ims Twenty-sixth st.. near Capp.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BRANNAN, 725, aboVe Sixth— Sunny kitchen
■ and bedroom; furnished; $6.
EDDY, 915— Well-fumlshed connecting sunny
rooms: large garden; fine location; private.
ELLIS, 633, corner Larkln— Bay-window alcove;
mantel, gas, bath; use of kitchen.
FIFTH, SIS — Suite of rooms furnished suitable
for housekeeping; rent cheap.
FIFTH. 3."3— Clean furnished housekeeping: 2
or 3; with bath; 1 for, $7; elngle. $4 and $5.
FIRST, 305, above Folsom— Only $8: upper part
of house, 3 rooms, in good order.
FRANKLIN, .719, near Golden Gate aye. — or 5
large sunny rooms furnished for housekeeping.
FULTON, 733,. near Webster— bay win-
dow parlor and kitchen; complete housekeep-
Ing;. $12.
GEARY, 384—2 or 3 sunny front unfurnished
rooms, $12, $l.
GEARY. Elegant sunny suite; privilege
housekpg; others; hot, cold water; gas; bath.
HOWARD, Parlor suite for housekeeping,
$12; nicely furnished; others, $S; single, $4.
JESSIE, 373, near Fifth— 2 housekeeping rooms
only $3. ■;;.',■
JESSIE, 433^ — Two nice sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms; rent $9. ■
JESSIE, 476—2 punny rooms, neatly furnished
for housekeeping.
LEWIS, IS. off Taylor, near Post— Room and
kitchen; furnished or unfurnished; reasonable.
MASON, 8 (The Albemarle)— Nice sunny rooms
for light housekeeping.
MINNA, 546 — Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing. • " - --■■.-..-■ ■
MISSION, 913%— 8 ay-window room, carpet and
chairs, $12; also furnished, $10; no children.
MISSION, 1219— Furnished housekeeping rooms
complete; gas Btove.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches, seal-
6klns and Jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant aye. , . '
NOB,'- IM— pleasant- front *room»- furnished;
coal Tange; bath; yard; stationary tubs; $11.
OCTAVIA, 1403, cor. Geary— Parlor, bedroom,
kitchen, pas stove; sun all day;,slB.
O'FARRELL, 406%— Front and back parlor,
privilege of kitchen, bath and gas, $16.
SHIPLEY, 261 — 4 rooms, $6; new house; no
children, no dogs, no cats. ; . ■-.; ; 3
SIXTH, 21C%— Large sunny front housekeep-
lng. rooms; also single rooms; quiet home.
STOCKTON, 1708— 59; 2 sunny connecting rooms
furnished complete: $7. 1 large sunny fur-
nlshed housekeeping room.- ■
THIRD, 340— Large front room complete for
housekeeping; $S. -
TORRENS court. 2. off. Clay, bet. Hyde and
Larkin— Part of flat, unfurnished; bath; sun;
fine neighborhood; very cheap.
TURK, 127— Parlor for office; housekeeping and
single rooms; newly furnished.
TURK, 843— Sunny bedroom and kitchen: com-
plete for housekeeping; gas stove, gas and
bath: $14. - . ■ • '
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
WINDSOR Hotel— Rooms without board; ac-
commodatlons for cooking. 9th 3c Washington.
ROOMS TO LET.
STOCKTON, 242 — Firet-class sunny front
rooms ; suite; single; facing plaza; day or mo.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny Pleasant
eunny rooms, en suite and islngle; flrst-clasa
in every respect; terms reasonable.
A— SELECT home; Hotel Florence, 10J Ellis,
vor. Powell; elevator; baths; best attention.
AT K2 Second-Nice single, double and light
housekpg rms;,wk. $1 to $2 60; day. 25c to 60c
AT 416 O'Farrell— rooms; suites; single;
by day, week or mo.; batha, running water.
BARTLETT. 447— Nice, sunny front room with
board. $4 25 per week.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— Sunny furnished rooms; 2
blocks from Palace Hotel; every convenience;
elevator; tourists; near principal clubs.
BUSH 614— Nicely furnished sunny bay-wln-
dow room: also large unfurnished bay-window
room; 'grate; gas; bath.' ■ • ■
DELAWARE, 1433 Market-Furnished or un-
furnished slngle^nd_double_rinB. : |8. $10 mo.
EDDY 118— Pleasant front room; also others;
$6 up; sunny housekeeping suites cheap. \ -
EDDY, 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms 50 cents to
$1 per night; |2 to $C a week; families.
FIFTH, 309 — Large sunny corner room; run-
ning water; other rooms; also housekeeping.
GEARY, 405 (The Na"varre)-Elegant .furnished
rooms; suites or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GEARY, 604, near Jones— furnished
suite; bath; modern flat.
GIRARD. House. 192 Seventh, near Howard-
Sunny rooms; reasonable; also housekeeping.
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— night. 25c to
$1; week, %l to $4; reading room; Howard cars.
OOLDEN GATE aye, Newly furnished
sunny front room; gas and bath; $8.
GRAND SOUTHERN, gE. cor. Heventh and
MlEslon— sunny rooms; en suite and
" single; elevator; moderate rates; families. •
GUERRERO, 932%-Sunny single room, newly
furnished, with or without board. $6 month.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— tamily
rooming-house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HARRISON, 914%/, between Fifth and Sixth—
Furnished room suitable for two, $S; also
single; private family. ..
HILLSDALE. 33 Sixth st.— Sunny suite for
housekeeping: suite for 3 gents; reasonable.
HOTEL VANCOUVER. 1001 Sutter— Elegantly-
furnished suites and single rooms; , moderate.
HYDE 232— Nicely , * furnished sunny ' front
rooms; $5 month up: with all conveniences. ■
JKSHIE 164— Thoroughly.: renovated; >-- sunny
front single and double rooms; $1 week up. -
JESSIE, -478, -near Sixth— Sunny front room
and otherß. v '"•''• : r " '■
KEARNY, Sunny furnished room for gen-
tleman or ■ gentleman . and wife •" in private
family; rent cheap. . Inquire at shoe, store.,;
LEAVENWORTH, 612%— German' widow has
. nice. sunny front room for 1 or 2 gent 3. ,;;.;;.
LINDEN aVe., 175, near Van Ness— 6 sunny
■*.. rooms. ; ' - ■•■-'.:. ■.■■"-■■■'■..:-■:< ■-,-.,:, '•;.-■•.-:••.■;
MANSFIELD— 2I2 Post— Elegant sunny rooms,
- euite or single; baths connecting; moderate
• raten. ■; -•..■;•*: ■'.■■ - 1 . ' ~. ■■•.''- '■ •■ -.-- ---• r ; i,-. ....-■,.
MASON, ■ Sunny ■ bay-window ■ rooms for 2; \
$2 up; -day, week or. month. -.; v  .. ;■.■'■'..,<
MINNA, 667, : corner : Eighth— Newly ■ furnished
bay-window, room. , $1 > per week; - transient. r,-.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches -Jewelry
'/and eealskind at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished . rooms, ele-
vator; electric lights; day, week or month, r
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
O'FARRELL, 271— New management, new fur-
niture; elegantly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms; bath and gas; rent reasonable.
O'FARRELL. 331— Large sunny rooms for gen-
tlemen or light housekeeping, $10.
OTARRELL, 1023, near Van Ness aye.— A
handsome alcove and other rooms.
POST, 1011— Alcove front room, bath connect-
ing;' also single room; gas; private family.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
TAYLOR, 109— Single rooms $1 and $1 50 per
week; double rooms $1 75 and $2.
TAYLOR, 311— Beautifully furnished suite or
single; bath; p_lano; gentlemen preferred; ref.
THE Piedmont, 119 A Sixth St.— 2 or 3 rooms,
furnished for housekeeping; also other rooms.
VAN NESS aye., 930— Sunny newly furnished
rooms, with excellent board; references.
TREMONT House, 1773 Market St., opp. Qough
— House newly furnished; single rooms or
suits; two kitchens for tenants for light
housekeeping; rooms from $5 to $12.
WENDT Hotel. 22 Sacramento— Best rooming
house on water front: single 25c up: week $1
up; fine rooms for housekeeping: cheap.
ROOMS AND BOAftD.
AHLBORN House, 319-321-323 Grant aye. —
Rooms 50c up; board and room, $1 per day and
upward; free bus to and from hotel.
BRANNAN, 444-6 (New Mechanics' Hotel)—
Board and room $4 50 per week; single rooms
$1 per week.
BUSH, 822— Nicely furnif-hed room; 2 gentle-
men; separate beds; running water; $50.
FOLSOM, Ell— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
GEARY, 227— First-class board; home cooking;
special rates to students, clerks; dinner, 25c.
HEATH. 312 Eddy— Select family boarding
house; first-class all appointments; hot water
every room; home cooking; terms moderate.
HOTEL SALISBURY. 299 Hyde— Well furnished
rooms; beautiful grounds; table unsurpassed.
HYDE 408— Sunny alcove, hot.cold water, with
board; also single room; private; reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 742 — Very beet board; pleasant
parlor, with piano; everything entirely new.
PARTY wants furniture; will give board and
room in exchange; central. Box. 1788, Call.
SOUTH PARK, 139— Large sunny room for two
with board, $40; also single rooms.
THE ORIEL— New elegantly furnished sunny
Market st. suites, with board for 2, $40 per
month; single rooms accordingly.
VAN NESS aye., 519— Sunny furnished suites
and single rooms; first-class table board.
CHILDREN BOARDED^
RESPECTABLE German lady wishes to board
2 children; good home; terms reasonable.
624 Turk Bt.
WANTED— ChiId to board; lovely home In
Fruitvale; own cow anJ carriage; reasonable.
X.. box 7, Call office, Oakland.
CHILDREN or Infants boarded: mother's care;
references; moderate. 234 M: Sixth st.
STORES TO LET.
GOOD corner store, bar and 3 rooms; brick
basement; cheap. Northeast corner of Fif-
teenth and Dolores sts.
FINE business corner. Eleventh and Mission
sts. ; rent reduced from $60 to $25.
PACIFIC, 324, near Sansome— Large handsome
store cheap to good tenant.
MEDICAL.
ALL cases of monthly Irregularities restored
Instantly (no matter from what cause); safe
and sure at any time; my celebrated reme-
dies and treatment have never been known to
fail- travelers helped without delay; home In
confinement; skillful medical attention; all
those who are sick and discouraged consult
the doctor free and confidential; strong pills
and capsules, $1. MJiS. DR. WYETH, 203
Turk St., near Jones.
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar- j
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace j
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home, i
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no j
delay; self-cure- sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market
St.; pills, $1; very strong, $2.
DR. WISE, late of Bellevue Hospital, N. V..
cbstretrlcs specialist, offices Hackmeler Hotel,
123 Eddy st., chronic and complicated dis-
eases cured; patients assured first-class
medical attendance, besides enjoying pri-
vacy pf home with experienced attendants;
strictest confidence maintained In all cases;
consultation free. Hours, il to 11 and 2 to 8.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects; taken In time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 f.O per box, sent free by
mall on receipt of price: consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 23
Grant aye., S. F. A caution— Before pur-
chasing elswhere write us.
SELF-CURE can be sent for female trouble;
no matter from what cause and how long
standing: every woman her own physician;
restores always In one day; safe and sure; no
medicine or Instruments used; consultation
free; saves disgrace; pills and capsules, $1.
Hy the well-known ladles' physician, for 37
years, DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st. j
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from what-
ever cause: no Instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office. $5; travelers helped Instantly;
home for patients; consult free; confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market st.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye. ; private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance; terms
moderate; Infants adopted into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
PRIVATE home f# confinement by a first-class
German midwife; Infants adopted into good
homes. 615 Turk St., near Larkln.
LADIES, my monthly regulator cannot fall;
box free. MRS. B. ROWAN, Milwaukee, Wls.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetx: Infallible, safe reme^
dies: 38 years' experience. 254^ Fourth st.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife; sunny, pleasant
home in confinement. 156 Second st.
DR. HALL. 1228 Market St.. diseases of women
nnd children.
DENTISTS.
A~FULL set of teeth, $s;~seT~new^flexTbie
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 60c: crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
CROOME Dental Parlors, 759 Market, bet. 8d
and 4th— Painless filling, extracting, crowning
and bridging by use of electricity; plates, $»
up; filling. ROc up; crowns and bridges, $5 up;
extracting with gas, $1.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
lst, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee nf improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors: full Bet
of teeth, $5 up; fillings, 25c up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
ings. 997 Market st., cor. Sixth.
PAINLESS EXTRACTION. BRIDGE WORK—
New York methods at New York prices by
New York dentists. 969 Mission st., cor. Sixth.
iDR. LUDLUM «ILL. 1443 Market St., liear
Eleventh; crowffls, bridge work and fUling a
specialty; all work reasonable: gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. 57
YOUNG, 1841 Polk et.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st.
PAINLESS filling a specialty. DRS. PERRY
A- CHRISTIE. 8 Mason St.. cor. Market.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOBH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
SAFES — New and second-hand; cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc, 533 Sacramento.
FOR Sale — A lot of fine family cows. Inquire
1038 Capitol aye., Ingleßlde.
NEW mining and milling machinery cheap;
easy terms. Assay office, 10 Stevenson st.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, etc..
new, 2d-hand. SMITH CO.. 527 Mission st.
NEW handsome 16-feet quartered oak bar and
back bar: bargain. 518 Bush st.
HARP, American Improved, five octaves, eJs>
gant tone and finish. $75; professional maniK).
lln, $12. Call or address Harp, 841 Telegraph
aye., Oakland.
SECOND-HAND belting, pulleys, shafting, en-
gines, boilers, dynamon, etc. 516 Mission st.
60.000 FEET 2d-hand lumber; rustic and floor-
Ing; 16th. near Mission; old buildings bought
F. J. FRENCH, Royal House, 126 Ellis st.
Phonographs. $20: records, 10 per doien;
projectoscope. HOP. Baclgalupl. 938-952 Market.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, show cases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1021
Mission St.. above Sixth.
J. R. POOL, house mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. So. 787.
SAFES— Bargains In new and itecond-hand; all
sices; half original co.t 109-111 Market. 8. F.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States, postpaid, for $1 SO a year. |
PERSONALS. *
SOMETHING new; Manila solidified perfume;
delicious; send 10c for sample. 'Address box
1776, Call office.
ARTISTIC banjo, guitar tnd mandolinist
wishes room In exchange for lessons. Office
1527 Market st. ': , / r _____
ID WARD— Let us know if you are well. We
expect a letter. MAMMA.
TWO young ladles can procure good positions
9 to I introduce Egry Autographic Sales Regis-
ters among down town merchants. PERNAU
BROS., Agents, 543 Clay st.
A VERY old and respectable firm in Paris
(France) would like to represent for the pur-
i chase of French tissues at a low commission
an American firm wishing to deal directly
with manufacturers; prime references. Ad-
dress M. F. A. T., poste restante Place
Bourse, , Pari3, France. ... •■
HAIRDRESSING with curls is the thing; reg-
ular price 50c; my price 45c; hairdressing only
25c. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st. y.
SEE Lederer's Quinonla Hair Tonic exhibit
' in hia windows this week; Quinonla Is a re-
markable discovery; nothing like it for the
. hair; 35c bottle. Q. LEDERER, 111 Stockton.
MASU MIYAKAWA, Japanese contractor and
labor agent, 410 Kearny st. ; tel. Green 19.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third et., near Market; 200 rooms,
I6c to $150 per night; $150 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from th« ferry.
BUITS to order on Installments at cash prices,
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
ELECTRIC sealskin jackets to order, $50.
MARX'S Fur Store. 957 Market st.
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth St., Alameda.
EUITB to order on easy Installments. _
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.
CHILDREN'S dresses made and fitted at their
homes. Address D., 387 Hayes st.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College. 91« Market st. '
MME. GOLDSTEIN— stylish dresses, $5
up; dresses made over. 3 Eddy st.. rm. 14-15.
"~~ CLAIRVOYANTS.
OMAR! OMAR! OMARJ
THE OCCULT WONDER.
325 EDDY ST., 22.">. •
MARVELOUS TESTS. j
; FULL NAME OF EVERY CALLER.
Name of Sweetheart or Husband.
Advice to make you succeed In love, busi-
ness, marriage, divorce, law suits, etc.; cures
drunkenness, bad habits, evil Influences; lo-
cates min.»s, buried treasures, etc. guaran-
tees success.
— OMAR NEVER FAILS ■ —
. ' To unite the separated and ;; — —
Cause speedy and happy marriages. •
OMAR ■ — —
Guarantees, success in all cases. —
Letters containing $1 and 4 questions an-
swered. Private residence, 325 Eddy st., 325.
MRS. " DR. F. CL'ARK, the • distinguished
trance clairvoyant and medium; while en-
tranced she will reveal every hidden mystery
in life; she will show you how to overcome
your enemies, remove family troubles, restore
lost affections; unites the separated, recov-
ers lost,' stolen or buried property; locates
. treasures, minerals; tells your entire life,
while in a perfect trance; perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall. Send stamp for cir-
cular with special .terms. MRS. DR. F.
CLARK, rms 25 & 26, 1206 Market, opp. 6th.
ATTENTION^ prof. h. romaine
The Oriental . Seeer, ' —
— '■ Late of India. •
TELLS FULL NAME OF EVERY CALLER.
Tells what you called for; advises on busi-
ness, speculation, love, everything; reunites
, separated; causes speedy marriages; recovers
old estates; locates buried treasures in five
days; never fails. Satisfaction guaranteed by
mail. Send stamp for special terms. Offices,
1206 Market st. Hours. 10 to 8. ■■
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
eight; diagnoses disease; full life reading; la.
60c; gents Jl; palm, andclalr.slt. $1 60. 126 Turk.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past,
present and future; 25c. 148 Sixth Bt., room 10.
YOUR future told by cards for 25 cents. 221
Sixth st. :
MAUD FOSTER, medium and astrology. 34
.■ Sixth st., room 8.
MME. EXODUS, clairvoyant, removed to 136
Sixth st.; fee 50c ... . .... ,\ •-
MME. MOREAU. best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 2."c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. DR. RAMONDI— Your fortune told by
chirography, $1 and $2. 109 Grant aye., room 2.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the Well-known fortune
i teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band' s* picture. 25c: ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for mailing. w
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium
- and life reader; also medical clairvoyant;
treats with revealed remedies; removes can-
cer without pain; treats all diseases; private
sittings $1; by letter $2. Office. 232 Stockton.
ENTERTAINMENT and social, 909 Market St.;
good. talent; musical, llterery: ninth anni-
versary. Dr. Rlnes' Spiritual Society. .
BENEFIT test circle to-night for Philosophical
Journal at 605 McAllister St.; 10c.
MRS. - FULTON TULE V materializing seance .
to-night, 50 cents. 1513 Geary st.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings dally. 212H Sixth st.
M. FRANCES, Independent slate-writing me-
dium. 118 Halght st.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 238 Valencia St.; read-
ings. $1: clr. Tuea.. Frl.. 2 p. m.: Mon. 8: 250.
'/■■■' ~~ HYPNOTISM ~
S. P. College Therapeutics, 305 Larkln st..
open day and eve. for patients and pupils.
STORAGE. .
PIERCE^RUDQLPH Storage^TruT^ovTng^CaT
office Tenth sttd Market; telephone South 168.
FURNITURE, trunks, etc. Golden West Stor-
age Warehouse. 840 Mission st. : tel. Mint 18tL
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for furnishing an delivering one
hundred (100) - ce/leso-iioor fire alarm boxes
• for the Fire Alarm and Polloe Telegraph.
Office of the Clerk of the Board of Super-
visors of the City and County of San Fran-
■' Cisco, • September 3. 1898.
In - accordance ' with Resolution No. 1570H
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors
SEALED PROPOSALS will .be received in
open session of the Board of Supervisors, on
MONDAY AFTERNOON, September 12, . 1898,
from'2:3o to 3 o'clock, for the furnishing and
delivery (for use of the Fire Alarm and ■ Po-
lice Telegraph) of one hundred (100) keyless-
door fire Alarm', boxen, complete with all ap-
paratus and connections. In accordance with
specifications on file in the office of the Su-
perintendent -of the Fire Alarm and Police
Telegraph, at No. 17 - Brenbam place.
< The said fire alarm boxes to be constructed
to the satisfaction of and to be approved by
the Superintendent of the Fire Alarm and Po-
• lice Telegraph : and the Committee on . Flra
' Department of the Board of Supervisors.
Bidders will estimate and state a price for
which they will furnish and deliver the said
boxes, complete In every particular, and ready
for use, to the Superintendent of the Fire
Alarm : and ' Police Telegraph, within ninety
days from date of contract. "
For any further information required, I bid-
ders will apply to the Superintendent of the
Fire Alarm and Police Telegraph. ";.-%■
■ Bidders will be required to furnish a sample
of their respective fire alarm boxes.
The party to whom the contract is awarded
will be required, prior to or at the time of the
- execution of the contract, to pay the cost of
advertising this and a former notice in three
daily newspapers. -..-■".. ~ : -' r ', ':* *\ .. .
In order to preserve uniformity and to facil-
itate the award the Board has resolved to re-
ceive no bid unless made upon blank forms
prepared by . the committee, and a certified
" check for the sum of one thousand ($1000) dol-
■ lars ■ deposited by the bidder with ■ and made
payable to the • Clerk of the Board of > Super-
visors, i conditioned If the : proposal be ac-
cepted and the contract awarded; and if the
bidder shall fail or neglect to pay the printing
charges, execute the contract and give the re-
quired bond within six days after the award
is made, then. and in that case the said sum
shall be paid into the City and County Treas-
ury by said Clerk as liquidated damages for
such failure and neglect. _
Blanks furnißhed by the Clerk.
The Board ■ reserves the right to reject all
bids if the public good so require.
di v JNO. A. RUSSELL, Clerk.
. By H. C. FARQUHARSON. Deputy Clerk.
PROPOSAL, for Mineral 0i1—36 New Montgom-
ery Bt San Francisco. Cal., September 6th,
1898 Sealed proposals in triplicate will be re-
celved here ■ until 11 ■ o'clock a. m. (Pacific
standard time). October 7th IS9B. for furnish-
ing and storing here , 70,000 gallons : mineral
oil 135 degrees flnphte3t,-- in cases of two
flve-pallon cans each. The United State* re-
eerves the right to reject or accept any or all
proposals or any part thereof. Information
furnished on application. Envelopes contain-
ing proposals should be marked "Proposals
for Mineral ; OH," ' and addressed ' OSCAR F.
LONG, Asuistant Quartermaster United States
' Depot Quartermaster. ; •. ' ':■•■'{ ' < r
Army,
PROPOSALS— SeaIed bids will be received at
the office of the Registrar of Voters, City
Hall for the printing of tho precinct regis-
ters to be used at the election to be held
November 8, IS9B. All bids will be opened by
the Board of Election Commissioners in open
session on Thursday, September 8. IS9B, at
11:30 a. m. Each bid must be accompanied
by a certified check, payable to the order of
the chairman of the Board of Election Com-
mlsßloners for the sum of five thousand
($5000) dollars. The board reserves the right
to reject any and all bids.
W. J. BIGGT, Registrar of Voters.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
4-ROOM cottage: bath; new; big lot; for sale
cheap. Apply 47 Chapultepec st.
FINE new cottage. 4 rooms and bath; lot 2Cx
80; easy terms; $1400. GEORGE W. H. PAT-
TERSON. 1709 Market st.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
$500— FOR sale or exchange; forty acres good
hill land 25 miles from the city. McLAUQH-
LIN & CO., 777 Market st.
160 ACRES creek land in Coob County, Oregon;
partly improved; cheap; title perfect. Ad-
dress 515 Sacramento st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTST
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$400— A MODEL home; house of 6 rooms, bath
and basement; up to date property; fine, largfc
lot; best buy In Oakland; Gallndo Tract,
East Oakland; a charming view and grand
elevation; city water and sewer; Peralta aye.
and Belmont st; price $1400.
$125— Grand building lots; 35x114; $10 cash;
monthly payments to suit.
You can buy any sized lot you may desire and
at one-half real value. Call or send /or circu-
lft r. 455 Seventh St., corner Broadway. Oak-
land; carriage free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
FORECLOSURE bargains offered by Oakland
Building and Loan Association, 1151 Twenty-
third aye.. East Oakland, Cal.
Lots from $150 up.
Houses, 5 to 8 rooms, from $1000 to $4000.
Call and see our list.
BELOW cost; modern new 7-room cottage, opp.
school. In Elmhurst; large lot; small amount
down; offer wanted. T. B. DRAPER, 2068
Eagle aye., Alameda.
J. CALLAGHAN. real estate dealer; notary
public: property looked after. 814 Broadway.
OAKLAND DRESSMAKING.
LADIES' coats, gowns and suits. MRS. B.
CHATMAN. Sf>B 27th St., nr. San Pablo.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHELL-
HAAS' old Etore. 408 Eleventh St. See him.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FINE home near the hills; large house; lot
120x135; corner; beautiful view; must be sold
at once; a snap. JOS. J. MASON* Berkeley
Station.
ORDERED by the bank to sell; house of 5
rooms, in thorough good condition; large lot;
street work all done; cement walks; near
Dwight way station; a first-class chance for
a bargain. J. J. MASON, Real Estate, Berke-
ley Station.
BIG bargain, $1300— Fine house, 4 rooms, bath;
city water; lot 60x135; 1 block from Berry-
man Station; choice location: forced sale to
close estate; title clear. WARREN CHE-
N'KT. opposite station. Berkeley.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
WITX exchange 3-flat house on Eighteenth st.,
near Howard, valued $6500, for more valuable
property In Western Addition or south of
Market st. ; will pay to boot. Address box
1762. Call office.
ICO ACRES land, adjoining town of Delano.
Kern Co., clear, to exchange for house and
lot in Alameda or Oakland. O. 8., box 8,
Call office. Oakland.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED — Modern house; 8 rooms; Western
Addition; purchaser will give half cash, half
country property. Address box 1139, Call.
ORCHARD or small ranch on railroad, near
city, cheap. Box 87. Call office.
MONEYTOLOAV
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 948 Market st.; tel. Green 204.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval; money quick; confidential; no commis-
sion; lowest interest. Room 68, 1170 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
ANY amount at 6H per cent on real estate; 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
COLONIAL Inv. Co.— Money on any proposi-
tion; city, country; furn. 405 Montgomery, r. 4.
ON pianos, furniture, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
FIRST and second mortgages, estates: city and
country. J. W. WRIGHT, 630 Market st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests tn
estates a specialty. MURPHY, 636 Market st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
a:iy proposition. Dryden, 41S Montgomery St.
FINANCIAL.
FOREIGN and home capital to Invest. SYL^
>'AIX SALOMON, broker, 32S Montgomery st.
BICYCLES.
I WILL sell 16 new 1897 hlgh-grade~blcycles
(sold in 1897 for $100) at $29; biggest bargain
of the year; first come, first served. JOSEPH
HOLLE. Twentieth and Folsom gts.
LEGAL NOTICES.
REFEREE'S sale in partition— ln the Superior
Court of the City and County of San Fran-
clbco, State of California, Department No 1
THOMAS F. DUNN, Plaintiff, vs. LAW-
RENCE DUNN et als.. Defendants. Cause
Notice is hereby given that under and In
pursuance of the Interlocutory decree in par-
tition and order of sale heretofore duly made
and given in the above-entitled court and
cause, and thereafter, to wit, on the 6th day
of April, 1898. duly entered of record therein
by which said interlocutory decree of said
court, the undersigned, G. 11. Umbsen, was
appointed by consent In open court of all the
parties to said action, as sole referee in said
cause, for the purpose of making sale of the
real property hereinafter described, and by
which said decree it was directed that said
real property be sold at public auction in the
manner required by law, the undersigned, as
such referee, will, on Monday, the 12th day
of September, 1898, at the hour of twelve (12)
o'clock m., at the real estate office and sales-
rooms of G. H. Umbsen & Co.. at No. 14
Montgomery street, In the City and County of
San Francisco, State of California, sell at
public auction In separate parcels to the
highest bidder for cash In United States gold
coin, and subject to confirmation by said Su-
perior Court, those certain lots, piece" or par-
cels of real property situate, lyintr and being
in said City and County of San Francisco,
State of California, and bounded and de-
scribed as follows, to wit: v
First— Commencing at a point on the north-
erly line of Minna street, three hundred and
ninety-six feet northeasterly from the north-
easterly corner of Third and Minna streets,
thence northeasterly on the line of and front-
Ing on Minna street twenty-fly (2?) feet
thence at right angles northwesterly eighty
(80) feet, thence at right angles southwesterly
twenty-five (25) feet, thence at right angles
southeasterly eighty (SO) feet to Minna street
and the point of beginning, being a portion 8f
lot number ten of the One Hundred Vara Sur-
vey, as laid down on the official map of the
City and County of San Francisco, and being
a subdivision of said one hundred vara lot
Second— Commencing at a point formed* by
the Intersection of the southerly line of Page
street with the westerly line of Octavla street
running thence southerly along said line of
Octavia street forty (40) feet, thence at right
angles westerly eighty-seven and six-twelfths
(87 6-12) feet, thence at right angles northerly
forty (40) feet, thence at right angles easterly
eighty-seven and six twelfths (87 6-12) feet to
the point of commencement, being a part of
Western Addition block number two hundred
and twelve (212).
Third— Commencing at a point on the north-
westerly line of Minna street, distant thereon
two hundred and seventeen (217) feet pouth-
westerly from the northwesterly corner of
Second and Minna streets (said point of com-
mencement being the northeasterly corner of
New Montgomery and Minna streets), running
thrnce northerly at right angles with Minna
street and along the easterly line of New
Montgomery street eighty (80) feet, thence
at right angles easterly and parallel with
Minna street flfty-nlne and six-twelfths
(59 6-12) feet, thence at right angles southerly
and parallel with New Montgomery street
eighty (80) feet to the northwesterly line ot
Minna street, and thence at right angles
westerly along the northwesterly line of
Minna street fifty-nine and six-twelfths
(59 6-12) feet to the point of commencement,
betng a subdivision of the one hundred vara
lot number eight (8).
Fourth— Commencing nt the northwest cor-
ner of Sanchez and Duncan streets, running
thence westerly nlong the northerly line of
Duncan street eighty (80) feet, thence north-
erly aiw parallel with Sanchez street one hun-
dred and fourteen feet (114) feet, thence east-
erly parallel with Duncan street eighty (80)
feet to Sanchez street, thence southerly along
the westerly line of Sanchez street one hun-
dred and fourteen (114) feet to Duncan
street, the point of commencement, together
with the Improvements thereon.
Terms and conditions of sale: Ten f]Q> per
cent of the purchase price to b« paid to the
referee on each parcel sold nt the time of
•ale. Balance of purchase price upon con-
firmation of sale by said Superior Court and
delivery of deed.
Dated this 19th day of August. 1898.
G. H. UMBSEN.
Sole Referee Appointed by Said Superior
Court.
•DINKELSPEIL A GESFORD.
Attorneys for Plaintiff. No. tm Claus Spreck-
els Building, San Francisco.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
1206 Market; diseases of women a specialty.
i i
TYPEWRITERS.
ALL typewrltters sold and rented; few partly '
used for sale cheap: ■ send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery.
NEW Hammond, $35: Callgraph. $15; Yost. $J5;
yet sample work. SCOTT. 333 Montgomery.
- MARRIAGE LICENSES.
- Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Elmer J. Haskln and Kittle Greaney 28-2J
Luntu Bottlnl and Giulla Giussi 27-20 '
Antonio Morcone and Adella 80ttin........ 27-20
George J. Schmidt and Clara A. Murat. ...24-18
Robert A. Lewln and Julia E. Lindsay. 21-21
Joseph P. Geary and Nettle E. Curtis 19-26
Conrad T. Lindevald and Lillian Boynes.. 18-19
Thomas U. Doidge and Ella F. Spencer 25-20
Seamon Freed and Chili Frledlander 27-21
Stefhan Miller and Annie Derganz 25-23
Matija Luzlcic and Clara Krulsch ......25-21
Edward Lyons and Adelaide W. Knight.. 22-16
John Arrow and Nancy E. Shoemaker 42-34
Benj. C. Simmons and Emma L. Reed....22-lS
John McVeigh and Margaret Lucy 27-24
Charles Browning and Laura E. Woodin 35-23
Robert B. Wall and Anna T. Wurth 33-28
R. H. Clarke and Alma Stewart 35-18
John M. Eddy Rnd Clara M. Roberts 47-35
I. W. Helman Jr. and Frances Jacohl 27-21
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage- and d:ath notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must b»
handed in at either of the publication offices .
and be Indorsed with the name and residence ot
persona authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
LEWIS— In South San Francisco, September 1,
IS9S, to the wife of William Lewis, a daugh-
ter.
NYLANDER— In this city, September 4. 1898,
tD the wife of Gustaf A. Nylander, a daugh-
ter. .: .'_'.: ; j j. f:;'. . .
STEIGER-In thla city, to the wife of L. A.
Steiger, a ron.
MARRIED.
BISDROFF— MUELLER— In this city, Septem-
ber 5, IS9B, by the Rev. H. Cordes, Emmanuel [
G. Bisdroff and Marie L. Mueller, both ot *
San Francisco.
BURGESS— LUMISTON— this city, Septem-
ber 5, IS9S, by the Rev. Dr. Stebbins, Samuel
W. Burgess and Ida G. Lumiston.
COOK— CALVERT— Los .uigeles, August 31, "
IS9B, Warren Hurd Cook of. Los Angeles and •
Adelaide V. Calvert of San Francisco.
PALMER— POULTERER— In this city, Septem- ,
ber 5, IS9B, at the residence of the bride's sis-
ter, Mrs. Earl Brown, by the Rev. William '
C. Shaw, Alfred Edmund Palmer and Vloletta
Clement Poulterer, both of San Francisco.
DIED.
Campbell. J. W. H. Lindall, Frank A.
Carlson, Mary E. McAullffe, Mary A. .
Daly, Mary Neuber, John P.
Flaherty, Simon Osborne, George O.
Freeman, Walter F. - Palmer, Julia I* >:- V
Goldwater, Sam ' Rilev. Michael J. r
Hall. Dr. Samuel H. Sarah, Harriet
Herzog, Valentine Soderblom, Svante
Klunder, John Spaulding, Rebecca
Kurpinsky, Charles J. Sullivan, William
CAMPBELL— this city. September 6, 1898,
J. W. H., beloved husband of Emily S. Camp-
tell, and brother of Mrs. John Everding, a
native of Queens County, Nova Scotia, aged
72 years 4 months and 22 days. (Nova Scotia
papers please copy.)
C?" Services to-morrow (Thursday), at 3
o'clock, at his late residence, 876 Lombard
Btreet. Interment Napa, Friday, September 9. ■
CARLSON— In Oakland, September 6, 1898,
Mary E. Carlson, a native of Michigan, aged
22 years. .
DALY— the City and County Hospitl, Bep- ..
ttnber 6, IS9B. Mary Daly, a native of Ire-
land, aged 71 years.
FLAHERTY— In this city, September 5, 1898,
Simon, dearly beloved husband of Mary Fla- :
herty, beloved father of Bernhard and May
Flaherty, and brother of Bernhard Flaherty,
a native of Ireland, aged 43 years 1 month
and lti days.
ICFFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late »
residence, 1311 Rhode Island street, between
Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth, thence to
St. Peter's Church, corner Twenty-fourth and
Alabama streets, for services, commencing at |
11 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FREEMAN— In the City and County Hospital, .
f eptember 6, IS9B, Walter FrAk Freeman, '
a native of California, aged 38 years.
GOLDWATER— In Prescott, Ariz., September.
5. 1898, Sam, beloved son of Michael and
Sarah Goldwater, and brother of Mrs. P. N.
Aronson and Mins Lizzie Goldwater of San
- Francisco, , Mrs. Ralph Prager of Portland, .
and Morris, Henry and Barry Goldwater of
Arizona, a native of California, aged 42 years
and 2 months.
CSTrlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services Friday. Septem-
ber 9, at 10:15 clock, at the residence of Mr.
P. N. Aronson, 1348 Geary street. Interment
Hills of Eternity Cemetery, hy 11:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets.
HALL— this city, September 3, 1898, Dr.
Samuel 11., beloved husband of Mary F. Hall, '
and father of Mrs. Frank Riser, Mrs. J. E.
Stewart, Mrs. Asa Wells. Dr. S. S. Hall and
Aura Lee Hall, a native of England. A mem-
ber of Burns' Lodge No. 6C, A. O. U. W., and I
California Castle No. 1, Knights of the Gold-
en Eagle.
ICyFriencls and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday),- at 1 o'clock, - from Alcazar
Hall, 114 O'Farrell street.
HERZOG— In this city, September 4. 1898, Val-
entine Herzog, a native of Switzerland, aged
44 years.
E^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of Charles J. B. Metzler. 636 Washington
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
KLUNDER— In this city, September 5, 1898,
John, beloved husband of the late Catherine)
Klunder, and father of Mrs. James Snow
and Emma and John F. Klunder, a native-
• of Germany, aged 62 years 2 months and 12 '
days. A member of Gesellschaft Teutonla
and Pacific Stamm No. 78. U. O. R. M.
(C7Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 222 Fair Oaks street, between Twenty-
third and Twenty-fourth. Interment I. O. O.
F. Cemetery.
KURPINSKY— In this city, September 6, 1898,
Charles J., dearly beloved son of Charles P. .
and Mary E. Kurplnsky, grandson of Robert
and Catharine Booth, and brother at Frank •
L.. Robert T., May, Anita and Beatrice Kup-
pinsky, a native of I San Francisco, aged 11 .
years 6 months and 8 days.
(C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect- "•
. fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow I
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 2915 Harrison street, between >
Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth, thence to St. .
. Peter's Church for services commencing at •
9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LINDALL —In this city. September 6, IS9B.
Frank A. Lindall, a native of Sweden, aged :
60 years. '
The funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 816 Florida street. Interment Odd |
Fellows' Cemetery. Funeral private.
McAULIFFE— In this city, September 5, 1898,
Mary Agnes, eldest and dearly beloved daugh-
ter of Honora and the late Timothy McAu-
liffe, and sister of James F., Joseph, •
Dennis and Eugene McAullffe and the ;
lnte John and Katie T. McAuliffe, a native : .
of Scan Francisco, aged 23 years.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respeci-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resl- .
dence, 947 Church street, thence to Bt. James
Church for services. Interment Mount Cal- - ;
vary Cemetery.
NEUBER— In this city. September «. 1898, John
Peter, beloved husband of Ellen Neuber, and ■
father of Mrs. H. Schacht, Mrs. S. H. Austin, .
Mrs. J. J. Crowley and Eva and Jessie Neu- j
ber, a native of New York, aged 48 years.
OSBORNE— In this city. September 5. 1898,
George Orville, Infant son of S. N. and J. E. ■
M. Osbome, a native of San Francisco, aged .
■; 8 months and 10 days. .
PALMER— In Cloverdale, September 6, 1898,
Julia L., beloved wife of Jacob Palmer, aged
59 years. > »
C 7" Notice of funeral hereafter.
RILEY— In this city, September 5. 1898, Mich- "
-- ael J., beloved husband of the late Ellen
Rlley, and beloved father of John W. and
Josephine Rlley, Mrs. C. A. Rabjohn, Mrs. ;
W. Bulck, Mrs. E. H. Thomas, Mrs. A. -C:
Koelzer and Mrs. M. Shea, a native of County
Cork. Ireland, aged 60 years. . (Boston and
: Lowell, Mass., papers please copy.)
|C?Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi- .
dence. 707 Florida street, between Nineteenth
and Twentieth, thence to St. Charles Borro-
meo'e ■ Church, Eighteenth and Shotwell
streets, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. -. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
SARAH— In this city, September 4, 1898, Har-
riet, dearly beloved wife of John Sarah, and :
mother of Lizzie Johnson. Sam de Wit- ■
trick and John Webster, a native of England,
aged 56 years. "■■■'■
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect- t
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2.30 o'clock, from the parlors ;
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, near :
•i Eighth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.. ■ '
SODERBLOM— In this city, September 4, IS9B, -
Svante, infant son of Svante and Charlotte
Soderblom, a native of San Francisco. :.-'■'
SPAULDING— In this city, September 4. 1898,
Rebecca, beloved wife .of John Spauldlng. : a
native of Ohio, aged 63 years and 11 months. I
E7"The funeral will take place this day
i (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter, Mrs. W. H. Crim. 2526 How- '
ard street. Interment urivate. 'W^kl
SULLIVAN —In Oakland, September 6, 1898, -
William, beloved husband of Mary Sullivan -
: flats 'of -. Claremont), and ' father of Mary :
; Sullivan, a native of Knockanore, County..
' Waterford, Ireland, aged 64 years.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALKER3
% 20 FIFTH ST., ■ cpp. Llneoln School.
-.; Telephone, • Soutl^O^^^^^^^ '<■',
•-. H. B. McAVOY, : Manager. : . -■
McAVOY dfc CO., ,'
FUNERAL DIRECTORS A EMBALMERB V
1235 Market st, between Bth and Bth.
... ■ . ■ j Telephone, South 247,; t
1112
BROWNE IS
SILENT AS
THE SPHINX
Refuses to Discuss the Charges
Against Him in Any
Way or Form.
Investigation in the United States District
Attorney's Office Going Busily On.
Questions of Jurisdiction Arise.
The Btory of the charges which have
been lodged against two officials In the
employ of the Government, Robert 8.
Browne and his brother, Clarence M.
"Rnine," by D. P. Tarpey of this city,
Btirrrd the old Federal building up yes
terday In a manner It has not known
Flnco the suicide of Isaac Norton many
months ago disclosed a vast shortage In
tho funds of the Internal Revenue De
partment. The manner In which thes<*
suave officials engineered the finances of
the Moscow National Bank into lha pit
fall of insolvency, incidentally prolUiiif?
thereby, held the Interest of the occu
pants of the big rt>d building on Sansonie
Btreet, but speculation as to whit S'-heme
the brothers could have hatched md car
ried to a successful Issue. In order to r<?
graln the confidence of the Government
anil thereby become its employes, occu
pied every mind and tongue.
A careful summing up of the last state-
INVESTIGATING THE CHARGES.
United States District Attorney Foote and His
Assistants Working on the Case.
The matter of Jurisdiction is at present occupying the major portion of
the time of United States District Attorney Henry S. Foote and his assist
ants, who are busily engag*»d at present examining the statement of facts
Mr. Tarpey has placed in their hands which, he alleges, he can prove
against Brune when the Federal Grand Jury takes up the case. The most
important evidence for the prosecution is the letter written by Brune to
H. S. Krigbaum of this city, relative to an exchange of worthless bank
stock for property tn the hands of Kripbaum for negotiation. This letter
is dafc«d January 27. 1897, four days prior to the failure of the bank. The
letter was mailed in Moscow, Idaho, thereby establishing the offense
within the Jurisdiction of the United States courts of the Idaho district.
While it is true that the courts of this district also have Jurisdiction in
the matter, as the letter passed through the postofflces of this State, it is
the opinion of District Attorney Foote that the case should be tried in
Idaho. In which district the bank, through which the offense was com
mitted, was situated. Many other letters, however, relating to the same
swindle have been mailed and delivered within this State and for this rea
pnr the prosecution may proceed within the Jurisdiction of the California
courts.
When Mr. Foote was questioned regarding the case he was very retl
cenj, and was in a humor to deny even that the papers had been presented
to him. "I have made no investigations in the case as yet," he said, "and
do not know whether the Federal Jury will take it up or not. The case can
either be tried here or in Idaho, but I think it would be much better to
have It tried there as that is the place where the crime is alleged to have
been committed and all the witnesses are there. Some of the letters were
mailed in this State, it is true, and that gives us Jurisdiction in the
case but I have not attempted any Investigations yet. I will defer that
until It Is decided where the case will be tried. Of the merits of the case
I have nothing to say. I am a Federal official and cannot talk for the
public. The papers have been handed over to my assistant, Mr. Schles
lnger and he is still studying them. If the case Is tried here it will sim
ply be a case of using the United States mails for fraudulent purpose. I
believe Postofflce Inspector Monroe Is making Investigations but Ido not
know what he has discovered and would not tell if I did."
Mr. Schlesinger said that he had received the papers charging- Brune
with having illegally used the United States malls over a week ago. He
would conclude his investigation of the documents in the next few days
and would then be ready to proceed with the case before the Federal
Grand Jury.
merit Issued by the Bank of Moscow,
through Its officials, connected with the
fact that shortly after its failure the
Comptroller of the Treasury levied an as
sessment of 1100 on each of the 750 shares
of the bank, shows that prior to the fail
ure of the institution its officials had suc
ceeded in gaining personal possession of
all the assets of the bank with the excep
tion of the bank building and the lot o:i
which it stood. "This condition," jaid
Mr. Tarpey yesterday, "can probaMy be
explained by the fact that the building
was tastened to the lot and ihe lot was
naturally a part of the earth."
That Mr. Browne was offlc'a'ily cogni
zant of the issuance of the statement
cannot be denied, as those who have -pre
ferred the charges against him have in
their possession an affidavit sworn to by
J. Q. Jolly, a notary public of Moscow,.
Idaho, which states that Browne person
ally appeared before him and- subscribed
and swore to the statement.
"How in the face of such a palpable
fraud, perpetrated upon gullible capital
iPts by Browne and his brother, the bank
officials managed to . gala the confidence
of the Government officials at Washing
ton and receive appointments to the po-
Eltions they are at present occupying is
past my understanding "said Mr. Tarpey
last evening. "There are many strange
circumstances surrounding the breaking
of the bank and the subsequent reticence
of the officials who took Its affairs in
charge after its collapse. The attorneys
of Edward Byrne, who was one of the
victims of the swindling officials of the
late Moscow Bank, communicated ■ with
the receiver of the defunct institution, W.
H. Stufflebaum, asking for a certificate of
the failure of the bank. An answer was
received in due time from the, receiver,
who stated that he was unable or did not
have the authority to. comply with the re
quest. -He referred the attorneys to the
Comptroller of the , Treasury, who, the
stated, was the only official authorized to
furnish the certificate. A communication
containing an application for the certifi
cate was mailed to the Comptroller, • but
he refused also to comply with the re
quest in a letter, brief but to the point,
which follows: :-~;>i •■•
TREASURY DEPARTMENT. 1*
Office of Comptroller of the Currency,
WASHINGTON, D. C, September 22. 1897.
. Gentlemen: Tour letter of the 10th Inst. is
received requesting on behalf of Edward Byrne
of Palt Lake City, Utah, that I execute a cer-'
tlflcate reßardlni? certain matters connected
with the Moscow Bunk, Moscow, Idaho, for use
In his proposed suit to set aside a transaction
under an agreement entered Into by him with
■ Clarence M. Hrune to trade certain lands In
DunuißO, Mexico, for 150 shares of the capital
etock of the hank.
The draft and certificates enclosed by you are
herewith returned, and I rooßt respectfully de
cline to comply with your request. Very re
spcetfully, GEORGE M. COFFIN.
Deputy and Acting Comptroller.
"We then found it necessary to apprise
Stephen M. White of the fact of the re
fusal, and he enlisted his services in our
behalf. On June 9 we received the cer
tificate from Senator White and an ac
companying letter stated that the certifi
cate had been obtained after, considerable
difficulty. This certificate, which is now
In our hands, will be used to substantiate
charges I have preferred against Browne
and Brune. In accordance with the pro
visions of the certificate it would have
been impossible for the brothers of dif
ferent names to have been ignorant of
the rotten financial condition of the bank.
The certificate which clinches this con
tention reads:
I. Charles G. Dawes, Comptroller of the Cur
rency of the United States of . America, do
hereby certify that, under the laws of the
United States, known as the "National Rank
Act,'' the Comptroller of the Currency Is given
general supervision over National banks.
First— That on the Ist day of February, 1897,
thr Moscow National Bank of Moscow, Idaho,
failed and suspended business and payment,
and on said day the doors of said bank closed;
that thereafter, namely, on the 4th day of Feb
ruary, 1637. by virtue of the authority vested
In the Comptroller of the Currency by the laws
of the United States, my predecessor In office.
Hon. James H. Eckels, appointed Mr. Eugene
T. Wilson a* temporary receiver of the said
Moscow National Bank, and, upon the resig
nation of said Wilson, the said Comptroller ap
pointed, on March 2, 189", William H. Stuffle
bnum as the receiver of the said bank, his
commission to take effect March 10, 1597, at
which time said receiver took charge of the
bank and continued In charge of said
bank ac receiver until the 3d day of January,
1898. On the 23d day of December. 1897, Will
iam P. Connaway waa appointed receiver of
said bank In place of said William H. Stuffle
baum. and he Is now In charge of said bank
as receiver thereof, his commission having
taken effect January 3. 189 S.
Second— That at the time of the failure and
suspension of said bank, a.« hereinbefore stated,
Mr. Clarence M. Brune was the cashier of the
said Moscow National EUnk, and had been
such cashier for some time continuously prior
to said suspension, namely, alnce about the
Ist day of February. 1894.
Third— That at the time of the failure and
suspension of the said Moscow National Bank
as aforesaid, said Clarence M. Brune was one
of the directors of said bank, and had been
such director for about three years prior to the
failure and suspension thereof.
Fourth— LTpon appointing Mr. W. H. Stuf
flebaum receiver of said Moscow National
Hank as above mentioned, my predecessor In
office, Hon. James H. Eckels, directed him to
give notice of the insolvency and failure of
said hank, and calling upon all persons having
claims against said bank to present the same
and to make legal proof thereof.
In witness whereof. I have hereunto set my
hand and caused my official seal to be af-
fixed to these presents at Washington, D. C
this 2d day of June, A. D. 1898.
(Seal) CHARLES O. DAWES.
— Comptroller of the Currency.
"This statement or certificate of fail
ure completed the evidence tending to
establish the guilt of the brothers,"
said Mr. Tarpie. "It proves that
Browne must have been aware of the
financial condition of the bank when
he subscribed to the statements under
oath, and that Briine was also aware
of its tottering condition when he ne
gotiated the valueless stock. The comp
troller, who issued the certificate
states therein the positions occupied by
the brothers and on that statement we
can proceed, I think, to a successful
conclusion."
Some NatiyeiDaughters Who Will Take Prominent Parts in the Coming Admission Day Celebration.
j . -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 7, 1898.
RATS TO BE
TURNED LOOSE
IN SAN JOSE
Curly Bears to Go
With the Argonauts.
TROUBLE FOR THE NATIVES
SLEEP DESTROYERS TO INVADE
THE GARDEN CITY.
Some of the Side Issues of the Ad
mission Day Celebration.
Three Days of Hi
larity.
Ran Francisco and adjacent points will
send twenty-eight parlors of Native Sons
and thirteen parlors of Native Daughters
to the Admission day celebration at San
Jose, as follows: San Francisco — Native
Sons, California No. 1; Pacific, 10; Golden
Gate, 29; Mission, 38; San Francisco, 49;
El Dorado, T. 2; Rlncon, 72; Stanford, 76;
Yerba Buena, 84; Bay City, 104; Niantic,
105; National, 118; Columbia, 121; Hesper
ian. 137; Alcatraz. 145; Alcalde, 154; South
San Francisco, 157; Sequoia, 160; Preclta,
187; Olympus, IS9; Presidio, 194; Marshall,
202.
Native Daughters — Minerva No. 2; Alta,
3; Oro Fino, 9; Golden State, 50; Orlnda,
56; Fremont, 59; Buena Vista, 6S; Las
1/omas, 72; Yosemlte, 83; La Estrella, 89;
Sans Soncl, 96.
Alamedn County, Native Sons— Alameda
No. 47; Oakland, 50; Piedmont, 120; Hal
cyon, 146; Brooklyn, 151; Athens, 195. Na
tive Daughters— Alameda No. 18; Pied
mont, 24.
These parlors— Sons and Daughters
have entered into friendly rivalry, and
during their sojourn in the Garden City
will spare no effort to add to the enter
tainment of residents and visitors.
Now there is the Rat Club, for Instance.
The whole pang: will be there if they
don't land in Jail in the meantime. The
foundation of the Hat Club is lost in tra
dition, but as late as IS9B at Redwood City
it was known as the Mouse Club. It
has grown sinco then, however, and last
year at Nevada City the members sal
lied forth full grown, pestiferous rats.
Like all the species, the rats turn natur
ally to underground recesses, so as soon
as they escape from the Southern Pa
cific traps on the night of the Bth they
will scurry to Suzzalo's cellar, down on
South Market street, where they will be
gin an onslaught on everything in sight,
case goods preferred. For the purpose
of putting the authorities and residents
of San Jose on their guard The Call gives
the names of such officers and members
as are known to the local police. There's
Billy Miller, high rat (also high ball);
Jim "Webster, low rat (and everything
else); Billy, Goodwin, rat terrier (he is pe
culiarly useful as outside sentinel); Afy,
quel Quinne, grand electrocutor; Fuss
Galnes, the knocker; Charlie Buck, the
Potrero wharf rat; Louie Barman, agita
tor; Shorty Mcßurnie, temperance ora
tor (who will hold continuous services at
the Fredericksburg Tabernacle); Stub
Jones, exalted wearer of the made-to
order regalia; Billy Cranna, exalted cus
todian of the can; Al White, bearer of the
spigot and corkscrew; Joe Keenan, su
preme elevator of rats (and archenemy
of civilization); Dick Barton, the pied
piper of Hamlln; Bob Martland, the water
rat; Lew Byington (very ratty), and
Charlie Mooser, royal dissector. If there
are any more they are safely caged.
Then there are the Curly Bears who in
habit Cave No. 5. where they will hold a
Grand Growl on the night of the 9th and
a 8 far into the following day as an out
raged community will permit. Judge Car
roll Cook is the Grand Polar Bear of this
outfit; Jim Gallagher (head of the Clan
Gallagher), Grand Curly Bear; Ed Troy,
Grand Growler (rusher); Henry Martin,
Grand Fanner (ask Henry to define the
duties of his ofllce); Henry Litchenstein,
Grand Smoker: Fred Sink, Grand Cub.
Tho Curly Hears have been pretty well
exterminated, but* those thnt are left are
exceedingly bo.d and ferocious.
At a .safe distcir.ee from the cave of the
Curly Bears, the Argonauts will pitch
camp on the night of the Bth, and a hard
lot of old timers they are. First, there is
old man Jamyson, the president. Then
Henry Lunstedt. secretary; "Centennial"
Staniels, marshal; J. B. Stovall, chaplain;
"Croesus" Folsonv Ben Davis, Al Davis
Frank Marston, Will Shea, Louis Non
nennmann, Billy Shannon, Mayor Phelan
Dave Martin, Billy Hazell, J. F. Bernard
and there are others.
Dixon' s Natives Will Celebrate.
SUISUN. Sept. 6.— Never in the history
of Dixon have more strenuous exertions
DR. BAZET A WINNER.
Will Be Appointed to Fill the Vacancy On
the Board of Health.
The friends of Dr. Louis Bnzet are jubilant over the fact that little or
nothing stands in the way of his appointment to the position on the Board
of j.oalth left vacant by the death of Dr. John F. Morse. While Governor
Budd has not yet announced his choice, there is little reason to doubt
that it will fall on Dr. Bazet.
The only opponent he has who stands any chance of receiving the ap
pointment is Dr. Rethers, now on his way home from Manila, but the
knowing ones say that while Dr. Rethers is a strong man, his friends got
In a little too late. la fact, when they opened their campaign the choice
was all but made, and it now only remains for it to be officially an
nounced.
been made in the matter of demonstra
tions than those arranged for the N. S.
Q. \V. celebration on Admission day* The
features of the programme will include
a grand parade, in which several parlors
will participate, literary exercises, ath
letic events, a parade of "Sorribles" in
the afternoon and a grand ball and pyro
technic display in the evening. The re
sult of a spirited contest for the honor
of being quren of the day was the elec
tion of Miss Ottle Sparling, who is one of
Dlxon's most handsome and accomplished
young ladies. The contest added hun
dreds of dollars to the entertainment
fund.
GREATEST ACTIVITY
AT THE GARDEN CITY
Admission Day Festivities Will Be
Conducted on a Scale of
Grandeur.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 6.— A1l arrangements
for receiving the Native Sons and Daugh
ters on Admission day are nov/ complete,
and the various committees of the local
parlors are eagerly awaiting the opening
of the greatest Admission day celebra
tion ev»r held In California. Already
many strangers are to be seen on our
streets, but the great rush of visitors
will not commence until Thursday morn-
Ins. Some forty parlors of Sons and
Daughters have secured headquarters,
and here true California hospitality -will
be extended to all. Friday will be the
greatest day San Jose has ever had, and
the great street parade, with Its thou
sands of California's fairest sons and I
daughters, will be an Imposing spectacle.
The people of the Garden City will re
ceive the visitors in grand style. No
one will be allowed to want for enjoy
ment. Besides the interesting programme
prepared for the three-day celebration
there will be entertainments of other
i kinds. The people will vie with one an
i other in helping entertain, and many prl
i vate parties will be held In honor of va
rious guests.
The orchards are full of fruit, and this
will be a novel sight to many. Drives
through the suburban sections with a
taste of the valley's luscious fruits will
amply repay those from less fortunate
I counties. The afternoons of Saturday
and Sunday have really been arranged for
this pleasure.
Decoration of the stores and streets has
commenced, and when completed the flags
and banners will have transformed the
city into holiday attire. No attempt will
be made to carry on business during the
festivities, and the whole community will
no.p to make the event the success It is
sure to be.
The 9th will be the principal day. On
that morning- occurs the great parade of
the Native Sons and Daughters. Liter
ary exercises and a reception at the
court house will follow, with a grand ball
in the evening.
There will be nothing slow or dull on
the two succeeding days. Saturday morn
ing there will be a bullshead breakfast
and Sunday a clambake. In the after
noons there will be baseball games, bi
cycle races and other entertainments
Various parlors are making arrange
ments to outdo each other in the parade
; Among these is La Estrella Parlor of Na
tive Daughters, which will make an ex
ceptionally fine showing.
STOCKTON PARLOR IS
GOING ON A SPECIAL
Its Feature in the Procession Will
Be a Genuine Curly Bear
From Keno, N^v. —
STOCKTON, Sept. 6.— Everything is in
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DOMESTIC DEPARTMENT I
SPECIAL OFFERING
OF
Fine White Blankets!
We beg to inform our custoroers and
the public of the purchase of 48 cases
FINE WHITE BLANKETS (very sligbtly
iroperfect) at about ONE HALF THE
REGULAR MILL PRICE, and we will offer
tr;err) for sale at a correspondingly low
figure. The iroperfection consists in a
slight stain or discoloration, and will not
injure or affect the wear of tr;e blanket
in any particular.
In { connection witb t^e above sale of
BlanK^ts we will also offer 500 pairs
FINE NOTtINGHAM, FISHNET AND GUIPURE
CURTAINS,
Iq Wtyte and Ecru, at
$2.00 and $2.50 per Pair.
These Curtains range 3£ yards and 4
yards in lengtl), full width, and tl}e very
latest designs.
. Housekeepers will find the above the Greatest Bar-
gains ever offered in San Francisco in Blankets and
Curtains. ' . ' .
111. 113. 1(5. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
. ■ . ■ . i ■ - ■ ■ ■. . ■ ....
readiness for the departure of Stockton
Parlor No. 7 to participate in the Ad
mission day festivities at San Joae. A
special car labeled "Stockton, No. 7,"
loaded with humanity and other good
things, will pull out of the Sacramento
street station to the strains of music at
3:40 o'clock on Thursday afternoon. With
it will go the Sixth RegimenJ Band of
this city.
Stockton's feature in the procession will
be a genuine curly bear from Reno. Nev.
The brute of the forest will be mounted
on a huge pedestal. A stupendous figure
"7" will surmount the pedestal, and to
this the curly bear will be chained. The
whole will be on a miniature vehicle pro
cured for the occasion, and will be pulled
by the local parlor in the parade, after
the fashion of firemen on a hand engine.
The parlor has also decided to take along
for a novelty George Washington, a ne*
gro, whose musical voice has been heard.
George has a wonderfully melodious voice
and will let the natives know the Stock
ton boys are coming.
Rheumatism, kidney, liver diseases cured. Dr.
Gordln, Sanitarium, 514 Pine.nr. Kearny.S.F. Cal.
IARES WILL HAVE TO FLY.
Three Days of Sensational Sport
Promised at Union Cours
ing Park.
Lovers of coursing who can afford to
witness good sport will be present at the
three days' meeting which will be held
at Union Coursing Park, commencing on
Friday and ending on Sunday.
Last evening an Interested gathering of
leashmen witnessed the drawing for the
Produce stake, which will open on Fri
day and finish on Sunday. Three rounds
of the stake will be decided on Friday,
and the final rounds will be run on Sun
day. The usual weekly meeting will be
held this evening at Pythian Castle, at
which time a selling stake and a cham
pion stake drawing will result, to be run
on Saturday and Sunday.
Trains for the meeting to be held on
Friday will leave Third and Townsend
streets at 12 noon and 1 and 2 p. m. The
coursing will commence on the arrival of
the first train at tne park. The drawing
for the first day's meeting is as follows:
Produce stake; thirty-six dogs- en
trance $10; total prize money $710 ' with
specials. Result: Curtis & Son's Lygia
vs. Curtis & Son's Highland Ball- J H
Halton's Meta vs. John Kerrigan's St
Gertrude; R. W. Mastic's Regular Army
vs. P. B. Butler's Bell of Seville- J H.
Rossitter's Rollicking Airs vs. J. H Ros
sitter's Riot Act; P. J. Riley's Sunburst
vs. U. C. Glasson's Pretonius; P J
Riley's Snap Shot vs. J. St ggerson's Gold
Hill; John Egan's Billy Gladstone vs.
John Egan's Mayflower; Larkey & Rock's
Minerva vs. J. H. Halton's Rock Island
Boy; P. B. Butler's Beauty Spot vs T. J.
Cronin's Maid of Ball; H. R\ Baldwins
Brutus vs. T. J. Cronin's Rose of Tralee;
E. and R. Scott's Daisy Deane vs P. J.
Riley s Golden Russett: P. J. Rilev's Fly-
Ing Faster vs. T. J. Cronin's Wild'Tralee;
Russell & Wilson's Victor King vs. Bar
tells Brothers' Max Melody; M. C. De
lano's Trinket vs. C. L. Willett's Jersey
Lily; Bartells Brothers' Bull Hill vs.
Curtis & Son's Luxon; P. B. Butler's Bad
Shot vs. T. J. Barres' Wait a Little; T.
B. Butler's Brandy and Soda vs. J. T.
Halton's Tic Tac; George Whitney's
Thlsbe vs. Bartells Brothers' Rest As
sured.
After the drawing was held the follow
ing leashmen were appointed to select a
date for the club's great outdoor meeting
at Merced: John Rossltter, J. R. Dickson,
R. E. de Lopez and Al Austin. These
sportsmen will decide on Sunday next
when the club will journey to the far
famed plains.
Alice Rix writes about the "Last
of the Kahunas" in next Sunday's
Call.
The Verdict Came as a Surprise.
A Jury in Judge Hunt's court rendered a
verdict last evening In favor of August
G. Price, administrator of the estate of
hie wife, Mary D. Price, for 1750 dam
ages against the Market Street Railway
Company. Mrs. Price was killed on De
cember 2 last by an electric car of the
Third street line at the crossing of Ever
ett street. The defense was tnat the com
pany was in no way to blame, as Mrs.
Price ran in front of the car while at
tempting to get out of the way of a pass
ing truck. The verdict came as a sur
prise, inasmuch as the Coroner's jury had
found the motorman and company blame
less for the unfortunate accident.
CHIEF LEES
HEEDED NOT
Lively Scrap Outside His
Office Door.
LASTED ABOUT FIVE MINUTES
B. McCLASKIE AND J. CROWLET
THE COMBATANTS.
Although the Noise Was Deefecinjj
No One Appeared With a
Star to Make an
Arrest.
Chief Lees was so busy yesterday after
noon delving into the mysteries of the
Botkin poisoning: case that he heeded not
the noisy tumult in the corridor outside
the door of his office, although it was
enough to wake the dead.
Two men, surrounded by an excited
crowd, fought desperately for a few min
utes, and neither the Chief nor any of his
minions in the "upper office" thought it
worth the trouble to inquire what the row
was all about.
There was a case in Judge Joachimsen's
court yesterday afternoon, August Harry,
a driver for the Oakland dairy, appearing
as complaining witness against Robert
McClaskie. another driver for the dairy,
on the charge of stealing $50 from his
trousers pockets on the night of August
8. Harry, McClaskie and four other driv
ers occupy # a large bedroom in the barn
at the dairy. They had engaged in a crap
game for three nights and Harry was un
lucky. He gave up on the third night, but
had $50 left, which he put in his trousers
pocket before going to bed. Next morn
ing the money was gone, and from infor
mation he received he had McClaskie ar
rested. Several witnesses were examined
on each side and the Judge dismissed the
case, as there was not sufficient evidence
to convict the accused.
McClaskie felt mad over his arrest, and
when he left the court room he waited for
Harry, who came out accompanied by
J. Crowley. one of his witnesses. Mc-
Claskie tackled them as they walked
along the corridor, talking loudly and fol
lowed by a large crowd. When opposite
the Chiefs office McClaskie called Crow
ley a liar and Crowley shot out his right
fist and hit McClaskie on the nose, bring
ing the "claret." McClaskie squared off
and landed on Crowley's nose, which also
began to bleed. Then for five minutes it
was give and take, and when they were
separated they were both bleeding like
stuck pigs.
The noise while the scrap lasted was
heard nearly all over the building, as the
friends of the fighters urged them on In
tones that were far from gentle, but no
one with a star made his appearance, and
the men and their friends left the hall,
possibly to fight it out in a less publio
place.
It was almost impossible for the Chief
and those In the "upper office" not to
have heard the racket, but if they did
they took no notice of it. Policeman Wag
ner, who is In charge of the corridors,
happened to be In the Treasurer's office
at the time, as it was a few minutes be
foro the closing hour.
You will find the latest things In wall
paper at Clark's. 653 Market street. •
A New Mining Company.
Articles of incorporation of the Chap
arral Mining Company have been filed bj;
William Christie, Joseph H. Middleton
Frances L. Fine. Frank J. Juchter and N.
W. Kleyn Schoorel.
A California girl writes about her
visit to the Pope in next Sunday's
Call.