VOLUME LXXXIT.—^O. 28.
THOUSANDS MORE START ACROSS THE WIDE OCEAN.
BY HENRY JAMES.
STRAIGHT into the face of a stif
fening breeze that whipped the
banners of war until they beat a
martial cadence of th.-ir own;
which carried afar the Etable
clouds of smoke and flouted the puffs
from the saluting guns; whirh bore
back tuward the mist-enshrouded city
and the hazy hills the sound of patri
otic strains, four mighty ships plowed
their way out through the Golden Gate
yesterday afternoon, and the third Ma
nila expedition was on the ocean.
Three times has San Francisco
crowded the wharves and the heights,
three times have the cannon boomed a
farewell, three times the common
heart has been stirred to its depth by
the magnificent Bpectacle <>f a Meet
laden with citizen Boldiera going blithe
ly to take the chance of battle. The
lateFt to go. as the first, were cheered
by the enthusiasm of the good-by.
Bands played for them, fair women
threw them kisses, voices choked with
tears or by the frenzy of excitement
raised to the shrillest treble bade them
godspeed and safe return. There was
laughter and exchange of jests, but un
derneath it all was sadness.
A jolly Boldier boy threw a button
■which a young woman caught, smiling
back her thanks. Then she said, but
so he could not hear "Poor fellow, ptv
haps he will never come back."
An old man stood leaning against the
cabin of the tug Reliance. He was
waving a handkerchief. A stalwart lad
leaned over the rail of the transport
towering above. "Good-by. father," he
said. The old man stopped waving the
handkerchief, having other uses for it.
"That's my boy." he said proudly, and
added: "How the smoke does get into
your eyes." Hut it was not smoke.
The four transports were the Indiana,
Morgan City. * >hio and City of Para.
Just how the troops were distributed
among them few spectators knew and
few cared. They were all to tight for
the flag, some were volunteers, some
regulars; they came from different
State?, but they all shared the honors
of the day with equal favor. And truly
they must have felt glad. They
swarmed the decks and the rigging.
Some scaled the masts to the very p-;ik,
swinging their hats, shouting, gesticu
lating and bo sailed away. There were
hurm) for the lowa band,
for The Can, for the ladies.
The soldi'-rs Beemed to feel that thpy
had a debt to pay, and if they did the
BCOre was wiped out. In the eagerness
of the soldiers to get close to The Call \
tug a dozen of them climbed into a
boat hanging from the davits of the
Indiana. Something was, rotten. The
Iron to which the tackle was fastened
gave and without an instant's warning
the dozen were struggling in the water, i
That none was drowned was remarka
ble. They t<".k the ducking good na- i
turedly, a dripping volunteer even
Stopping to affirm that while below he
had caught a mermaid by the tail but i
that she had slipped from his grasp, i
Almost at the same spot a little after
a Whitehall boat was overturned, but !
with consequences no more serious.
Who are, who are. who are we?
We arc, we are Battery G.
Fo roared a lusty lot on the Ohio, but
a curly head protruding from a port
hole below made answer:
Battery G can go to hell.
Don't you know we're Battery L?
THE SOLDIER-LADEN TRANSPORTS STARTING ON THEIR LONG VOYAGE TO THE PHILIPPINES.
The San Francisco Call
There were many boats on the bay,
' but none other tricked as for a gala
day as was the Reliance. There were
i flags at every halliard and the rigging
was bright with color. On board were
! the members of the lowa band, a
1 splendid organization, and liner music
than they gave has never been heard
on the bay. The other army guests
were Colonel Loper, commanding the
lowa Regiment, Adjutant Davidson,
I Hospital Steward Carpenter and Miss
Weeks of the hospital corps. A little
I woman, fragile of aspect, with a calm
: and gentle but determined face, she
has cast her lot with the soldiers from
her State. "I'm going to Manila when
the Fifty-first goes." she said quietly
to one who had noticed the symbol of
the Red Cross she wore. She will go.
She has made up her mind as to what
is her duty, and more than a ruling of
the War Department will be necessary
to make her change it. In addition to
these guests were members of The
Call staff and their invited friends.
Few peopie who were out on the
water yesterday failed to grasp the fact
that the Irish rowing crow of the South
End Rowing Club to the number of six
had laid down the oar for the sterner
implements of conflict. There are six of
them on the Ohio. They stated this
freely, vociferously, joyously. The
throng expressed distinct approval of
the Irish rowing crew. They will re
member that Allen, Kelly, Ryan. Du
plissea and a pair of Lynches have re
linquished sport for the business of
fighting, and seem to face the prospects
of a tropic skirmish as gayly as they
would go Into a race. The Reliance
circled around the three transports in
the stream several times. At each
visit there would be an exchange of
whistles smiting the ears like a blow.
There would be a shower of letters,
while beauty and gallantry bar:
compliments and made pretense to
trade kisses. An officer tossed down ;<„
package of mail, and mining the tug
it went into the water. The officer
looked pained. Perhaps it was a final
message to loved ones. Happily the
packet floated, but not until it had been
rescued with a boat hook did the officer
smile again.
It was shortly after 10 o'clock when
the Reliance pulled away from the
dock, and two hours later the Para,
with Minnesota's regiment, glided out
to join the three already at anchor.
As it moved slowly along the Reliance
came close, the lowans playing "Amer
ica." The Mlnnesotans stood with bared
heads while the strains lasted and then
there burst from them a round of
cheers as only sincere patriots could
have given when wrought to fervor by
the melody, the sentiment and the
majesty of the occasion. From this
time to the going enthusiasm became
more and more marked. Along the
wharves the crowds grew denser. The
Bennington, painted the sullen leaden '
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, JUNE 28, 1898.
hue betokening war, sent from her siren
blasts fit to muse the city. The crash
,of sound was deafening. Every throat
' tried to add to the volume. The lowa
: band played in concert with one on the
Morgan <"ity. High in the rigging two
! buglers sent across the waves the calls
! which to civilians mean nothing but
harmony, and yet which on the field
may summon brave men to death.
There is something of mystery to a
landsman about all that pertains to
ships. Here were four giants of the
deep pulling taut their anchor chains.
There had been no passing of signals
s'> far as the untrained eye had ob
served, except that at each prow the
i "blue peter 1 " caught the breeze. Then
there was the rattle of iron against
iron, out of the water came the huge,
rusty anchors, The Indiana was mov
ing. Slowly, so scare •!>• more than the
' ripple as of a skiff was at her prow,
while at the stern the gentle eddy hard
ly betrayed the motion of propellers,
the flagship set off on the sea-wide
, journey. Then faster and faster, v ith
spray in front and foam behind, it
Bped to the west. One by one the others
fallowed, stretching in imposing parade,
while chasing, racing, screaming with
lunge of steel and breath of steam, the
little craft of every sort tried to keep
, abreast. From the Mohican came a
salute. Then Alcatraz and the outer
forts took up the thunderous jubilation.
As on other days flags dipped in grace
i ful acknowledgment. From all over the
,city came the Mast of whistles blent
into one subdued hum as the ships
I passed farther and farther.
The day was beautiful. The bay
danced under the touch of a moderate
; wind. Over all was a veil, partly
smoke, partly mist, through which the
; sun could not pierce with a full glare.
It was heavy enough to drape and
soften the barren banks. At the Gate
■ the wind blew steady and strong, but
\ not with an unpleasant chill. Beyond
! the Gate the mist was heavier and
lower. In the order in which they had
started the transports were soon be
j yond it. So long as they were in sight
1 the soldiers were in the rigging looking
PRICE FIVE CE]S"TS.
back to their friends. So long as they)
were within hearing they sent cheers.
And ■ thus," grateful and happy, they?
went from view. .
- ♦ --vi- : .
ESCORTED THE
SHIPS TO SEAi
A Fleet of Small Craft Acoom-*
pany the Transports Out
of the Bay.
BY J. J. COREY.
Afar out on the boundless PaclflO
four huge transports are plowing their
way to tho hemisphere of the rising
sun. Yesterday they swung idly at
anchor in the balmy waters of San
Francisco Bay, their decks, rails and
ripping: alive with happy, careless,
shouting blueooats, forgetful of the*
morrow and intent only on the inspir
ing panorama that was spread befora
thorn.
The thoughts thnt occupy their at
tention now can only be conjectured,
but it is not difficult to imagine that
the shouts have died away, the songs
are hushed, and, instead of swarming
over the ships with daring bordering
on the reckless, the men have turned
their attention to the sterner duties
that fall to their lot. Many an eye
dimmed with unbidden tears is turned
toward the land long since hidden be
low the horizon, thoughts turn back to
the forests and plains of Minnesota, to
the mountains and vales of Idaho, to
the vinelands and orchards of Califor
nia, to every portion of the sisterhood
of States, for they are all represented
on those ships. Hearts that were light
yesterday are heavy to-day. To some
a strange unrest has come, and these ■
unfortunates feel that no rest can come
to their troubled souls — unless they can
succeed in unloading the souls with
the rest of their commissary stores.
These men monopolize the rails to
day, where all had an equal chance
yesterday.
The passing of the third expedition of
the Army of the Philippines was
marked by a demonstration o-n the bay
and along the entire harbor front, from
the Potrero to Fort Point, more mag
nificent, if possible, than when the van
guard sailed away. It has been my
fortune to watch the three fleets vanish
into the broad expanse beyond the
Golden Gate, and my impression is that
yesterday the people of San Francisco
outdid themselves. Perhaps the day
had much to do with the exuberance,
for no brighter sun or more balmy breeze
ever kissed the waters of the bay,
while before a haze deepening into a
raw fog settled down enveloping the
transports almost before they had
passed through the heads. Then, too,
when the first fleet sailed, our people
had just awakened to the full realiza
tion of the horrors of war and in ad
dition were called upon to Lid fare
well to legions of our youth and early
manho-od. Now, the great dread has
been calmed in a measure by the suc
cessive and almost bloodless victories
of our arms, and though more of the
youth of San llrancisco went forth to
battle yesterday, mothers yielded up
their sons, sweethearts their lovers and
sisters their brothers with less reluct
ance than before.
The bay was alive with small craft,
and the wharves and hills swarmed
with people. When The Call tug Re
liance, gay with bunting, and bearing
Colonel Loper of the Fifty-first lowa
Volunteers. Adjutant J. P. Davidson,
and the magnificent regimental band
among the other guests, made the first
round of the three transports lying in
the stream at 11 o'clock, comparatively
few boats were out. but within an hour
the upper bay was dotted with boats
of every description.
One of those on the Reliance was
Miss Weeks, the guardian angt-1 of the
boys from lowS.. Miss Weeks' life is2
spent in carine: for the sick, and when
the Fifty-flrßt went Into camp at Dos
Moinea she joined the regiment as
nurse. When orders were received to
proce< i i" Ban Francisco, Miss Weeks
announced her det< rmlnation to ac
company her boys even to Manila, des
the decision of the War Depart
ment that Red Cross nurses would not
sent with troops. Citizens of Dcs
Moines raised a liberal fund to defray
Kpens 9| apd when the Fifty-first
for Manila the flrst passenger
boat to follow t" the Orient will bear
Miss Weeks on her mission.
Over the writer floated the strains of
the hand and the men on the ships
climbed on the mils and into the ri#-
Kinp t" listen and applaud. During th a
Midwinter Fair lowa Bent her State
I to delight the thousands, and now
she sends a band — not quite so larpe,
but equally as good— to cheer her sol
i on to victory. Most of the boys
]<>w. i never saw salt water until
they arrive,) here, were carried away
by the enthusiasm and played until it
seemed as though the-- would not leave
a breath in their bodies. Every selec
tion brought forth cheers from the sol
diers and applause from the other boats
that followed in the v-ko of the Reli-
The selections that aroused the
■greatest furor, aside from the national
• ; iar :hes In which
of bugles joined. The lowa
band has greatly endeared itself to the
i Francisco through its
constant efforts to aid the Red Cross
S ty, and to the Boldiers at Camp
Merr.it because of its readiness for
• all tunes. The bands
men are: George W. Landers, W. Lan-
Arthur Hyatt, A. Nyso, H.
: ■;. < (wen Jones, E.
Phelps, F. Phelps, R. Kershaw, F.
Brockway, C. Mason, Clyde Burrows,
Wayne Dinwiddie, Elijah Armstrong,
J. Si:- Loot, Joe House,
F. .! . • Hahn, F. Miller. E. Stew
art, H. Tubbs, i. Fulton and A. O.
The trumpeters are Owen Jones, chief
trum] .'1 Trumpeters Finlay,
Schramm, Overman, Pittraan, Hanks,
an, GiUaspy, Jenks, Coloneus,
Llewelyn, Carlon, Rhodes, Smith, Tur
butt, Bronson, Swap, Loscott, Sheets,
Dawson, Jarvis, Hawarth, Ell wood and
Tyson.
As ihe :. iached the In
., the flagship oi the BQuadron, a
great cheer wont up from the men on
board. The tug drew alongside and
made fast while three sailors clambered
S board the transport and the soldiers
astily scribbled a last message to
The band of the Twen
ty-third Infantry was Btationed on the
hurricane deck and answered the melo
dies of the lowans with like sweet
b trains.
Just after the tug made fast a mishap
occurred thai would have resulted in a
terrible disaster had it not been for the
foresight of Captain Brokaw, but hap
pily the only sufferers were a half
dozen men of the Third Artillery, who
were treated to an involuntary high
bath. Hanging in the .
davits was a boat rifled with sol I
: s noticed that the ropes
in the tackle were ...Id and worn, and
he ordered the tug's lines to be pa
well forward. This order was hardly
executed and the Reliance well out
from under the boat when down it came
With a crash and splash. Instantly an
astotu . rgan
ized an impromptu swimming match
for the stern or' the tug. Tiny were
hauled on board none the worse for
their ducking and clambered back on
board ihe transport. As the first man
went over the side of the ship a sym
pathetic comrade asked him if the
water was cold.
"No," was the reply, "it's salt," and
then the bather gave bark to the bay a
gallon or bo of its element.
One other mishap occurred during
the day. A boatman named Hagaman
[zed near the transports,
but was hauled on board uninjured and
sent ashore.
From the Indiana the Reliance went
in turn t.. the Morgan City and Ohio,
and at each letters were gathered and
greetings exchanged.
Lieutenani i C the artillery
avai.- The Call's boat to
reach the Morgan City, on which he
was to sail, and h id a lively scramble
up the ladder to avoid going Into the
bay, as the tide swept the tug out more
rapidly than was anticipated.
The City of Para drew out from the
Mail Dock and was escorted to where
the i ■ 3ports were lying by the
Reliance, the gallant Minnesotans that
swarmed all over her cheering them
selves hoarse. Col< nel Reeve sent his
farewell n o The Call aboard,
as the others had done, and then an
other tour of the fleet was made.
Shortly i fter 2 o'clock the "blue
I up to the fore of the
ships soon got un
der way. Pandemonium seemed t"
break loose on sh"!'f. whistles k<»pt up
fening farewell, and as the In
diana glided down past Fols^m-street
wharf the guns on the Naval Reserve
ship Marion boomed out a salute of
eleven Rims.
The gunboat B^nnington and the cut
ter Corwin contributed their full quota
to the uproar, while th<Mr yards were
manned with cheering sailors. Down
past Lombard street wjiere the Valen
cia lay, with the N'irth Dakota troops
ready to go on board, another salute of
eleven guns was fired, and later the
big puns of Alcatraz, Port Mason and
Fort Scott thundered out in honor of
the departing troops.
Following in the Indiana's wake
came tho Morgan City, Ohio and City
of Para, their rigging alive with boys
In blue, who dauntlessly swarmed
aloft as nimbly as veteran tars. The
most daring clambered to the very
tops of the masts and there took their
parting glimpse of San Francisco.
Out near the Golden <;rtte occurred
one of the prettiest incidents nf the
day. The six-oared boat of the life
saving station manned by stalwart Hfe-
B&vera pulled out, and as each ship
passed gave cheers which brought
forth a ringing reply from the soldiers.
An hour after the signal to get under
way had been given the last of the
fleet was well out beynnd the h<*ads,
hurrying on to join their comrades in
the distant isles.
THE WATCHER
ON THE HILL
The Departure of the Troop
ships as Seen From
Afar.
BY C E. EDWORDS.
Low lyirer strata of smoke and fog
hung over Berkeley hills and obscured
the upper bay as the watcher on the
hill took his seat on the rock where he
had spent so many hours In idle spec
ulation over the mysteries of the ocean.
The green waters of the hay took on an
hundred evanescent hues from pink
through the reds and greens and
browns to deep purple as the lights and
shadows were caught on the waves
tossed up by the capful of wind which
came through the Gate.
There came an unusual quiet on
the water as If even ocean itself were
waiting for the unusual to happen.
What email craft there were seemed to
scuttle to places of hiding, and when a
heavy schooner came toiling past Alca
traz a busy tug hurried out and quickly
Bhoved her to a mooring.
Soon the streets lying below In the
broad sunlight took on an air of bustle.
Midgets, that close inspection proved to
be human beings, were moving toward
the adjacent hills or down to the docks
and wharves at the water's edge. Grad
ually tho points of vantage changed
color from tha sere brown of earth to
the black of clustered humanity until
FAREWELL SCENES fIMONG TF|E DEPARTING SOLDIERS.
all the hilltops and all th? water front
were fringed with people who waited.
The quiet air of expectancy which
brooded over all was impressive and
depressing. There was no hilarity, no
gladsome shouting, no holiday appear
ance. The whole scene bore a funereal
appearance as if a people mourned,
There are some silences that are in-
Bpiring. The silence of the multitude
waiting on the hills yesterday was op
pressive to such a degree that the sud
den unearthly shrieking of whistles
brought relief to strained and tense
nerves.
As the long black hull of a troopship
slowly moved out past an obscuring
point of land to the ace paniment of
rdant steam voices the black
on hills i nd wharves swayed and pul
sated as if moved by a common im
pulse, and the watcher on the hill
could see that the crowd was
madly. There was the silent demon
stration, but to hear the sound was im
pi ssible. j^its were waved and flashes
of white showed where handkerchiefs
aided in the visible farewell.
As troopship after troopship, black
with its living freight, pushed out to
ward the open sea until four majestic
•Is with as many thousand men
: dear against the western sky,
there was a burning in the scar on the
brow of the watcher on the hill, and
again was that old itching sensation
felt in the side where the enemy's bul
let had plowed its way. In memory's
eye was the scene of another day when
men went forth to battle for their coun
try, and the habit of wondering
"where" and "why" in regard to the
vessels that come and go was replaced
by wondering "when 1 , 1 and "how" v
gard to the living battlement that had
sprung uj use of the country
and the nation's honor.
When and how would they distin
guish themselves? When and how
would they return? When and how
would they die? Fur war is dying — war
is suffering — and it was to die and to
suffer that those thlnkine machines
were going forth across the wide Paci
fic with the signal watchword, "Re
member the Maine," Hying at the
masthead. Nor was that watchword
•' revenge. It was the Inspiration
of a mass and in no sens.- the personal
grievance of the individual. Those men
grouped on deck to gel the last glimpse
of their native shores before meeting
their country's foe had no personal
feud. It was a collective body repre-
Bentlng the country, and ready to tnk<
up cudgels for humanity, with "Re
member the Maine" meaning naught
more than "Remember Spain's treach
ery to friends, brutality to foes and
opposition to civilization."
This was the sentiment that was im
THE CRACK IOWA REGIMENT BAND POSES FOR A SNAP SHOT,
THE BAIT FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 28, 18*8.
IDAHO'S COLONEL TO SUCCOR OUR BOYS.
ON BOARD TRANSPORT MORGAN CITY, June 27, IS9S.— The Call:
With the signal to get under way flying from the flagship on be
half of the officers and men of the First Idaho Volunteers, I crave
this last opportunity to return our thanks, through the med'um of
The Call, to the people of San Francisco and of the entire State of
California, for the unbounded hospitality that has been showered upon
us from the moment we crossed the boundary of the State until we
I on board our troopship. Even here on ship board our lot is
made more ible by those noble women who wear the Red Cross
and under the tropic skies of the Philippines we shall still have cause
to bless them.
In return for all this we can only pledge ourselves to uphold our
flag as true Americans and to render such succor to your sons who
are our comrades as lies in our power. God bless you all.
pressed on the watcher on the hill by
the pulsating crowds on the hills and
wharves, by the pandemonium of
whistles, by the thunder <>? Alcatraz's
mighty guns in salute and by the four
deep laden vessels disappearing into
ilden path of light from the west
with their precious freight, in which
lies the nation's hope and pride.
These are not the "food for powder"
of the Prussian King who blir.dh- obey
their superiors from a feeling of in
feriority, but are the wide-eyed Ameri
KIND WORDS FROM COL. VAN VALZAhJ.
The Call: T beg to take this opportunity to extend my thanks to
your good people for the courtesies lavished upon myself and the mem
bers of my command. We of the regular service, I think, have double
cause to appreciate the hospit;. lity <>r your citizens, which has been of
such magnificence as to add tenfold i<> the enviable reputation of your
State. In the months that must p:;ss before we can hope to set foot on
our native soil again, our chief pleasure \\ ill be the remembrance of our
brief Bojourn in San Francisco. D. 1 ». VAN VALZAH,
mcl Commanding Eighteenth United States Infantry.
can freemen, kings by right of birth
and equally ready and capable of obey
ing or commanding, as the exigency
arises. Men who are soldiers because
they reason, and who, when war's
wrinkled front is smoothed, lay down
their arms and resume the peaceful
pursuits put as.ide only long enough to
teach a lesson to a bully and remove
an obstacle from the path of progress.
They are mental as well as physical,
and in their hands lie safe the cause of
the nation and the cause of God.
San Francisco Bay, June 27.
THE INFANTRY
FOR THE FINISH
Regulars and Volunteers of
General Mac Arthur's
Brigade.
BY HUGH M. BURKE.
■War may begin -with engagements
in which cruisers, battle-ships and land
batteries exchange compliments in
steel projectiles. Examples of in
dividual heroism and the magnificent
achievements of squadrons may chal
lenge the admiration of the world, but
a war once begun is seldom finished un
til the man who walks and fights goes
to the front. The soldier with a mus
ket in his hand must go over the line
of rifle pits, drive in the skirmishers
and ultimately scale the main works
to win substantial victory and gain for
the country enduring peace. The he
roic figure in modern war, after all, is
the man with a musket. In the thicket
or In the open, without breastworks of
earth or armor of steel to shield him,
he advances. The shells of his own
protecting guns shriek over his head
and the bullets of the enemy hiss in
his face. Many fall, but so strong is
the fiber of courage in the American
soldier that few falter.
Men of this type compose the Amer
ican army destined for service in the
Philippines, and many of them turned
CO salute patriotic San Francisco as the
steamships Indiana; Ohio, .Morgan City
and City of Para sailed through the
Golden Gate yesterday.
Major General Merritt has ample rea
son for his faith in the soldiers of the
Eighth Army Corps. The volunteers
from Minnesota, Wyoming, Idaho and
North Dakota, as well as the regulars
of the Third United States Artillery,
Eighteenth and Twenty-third Infantry
and the Signal Corps will respond to
every demand of the campaign within
the limit of human endurance.
In the under current of the great tide
of enthusiasm yesterday one could ob
serve the strength of regimental and
State pride. The men of Battery L and
the men of Battery G were equally
proud "f their respective organizations.
The Minnesota Volunteers -welcomed
cheering recognition of their Thirteenth
Regiment. The young men who have
Berved in the National Guard of Min
nesota feel that they have, in a certain
sense, the honor of Minnesota in their
keeping. It was noted that the volun
teers of Wyoming and Idaho were ani
mated by the same spirit of State pride.
They went to the front resolved to up
hold the flag of the country and add
luster to the star in the field that shines
for their own State.
General Merritt is a renowned leader.
As gallant men as ever lived or died
fought under his leadership in the war
from 1861-65. He will lead a command
in the Philippines as full of dash, en
ergy and endurance as any that fol
lowed him in the war which ended for
soldiers at Appomattox.
General Arthur Mac Arthur Is a sol
dier with a record of soldierly achieve
ments and it is his judgment that no
better troops have gone to the front
than those which comprise the various
organizations of his brigade. It is
doubtful if the regulars are the su
periors in discipline of the volunteers
in his command.
The troops of the third expedition to
Manila are armed and equipped in ef
fective style. It is true that the volun
teers are not supplied with the modern
magazine rifle, but the improved
breech-loading Springfield which they
carry is not a gun for the enemy to
despise. The regulars of the brigade
carry the American Krag-Jorgensen
rifle. The batteries of the Third Ar
tillery have the "three decimal" breech
loading rifled pieces and rapid-fire
Hotchkiss guns.
These Western soldiers that sailed
for the Orient yesterday are pretty
handy fighters. Many of them have
been trained to the use of the rifle and
back of their readiness to fight is a
good stock of intelligence on the prime
question of taking care of themselves.
The next column may offer to lowa,
Kansas and Montana Volunteers an op
portunity to serve at the front.
EIGHTH CALIFORNIA.
Camp Barrett in Oakland Now-
Ready for the Reception of
the New Regiment.
The State military authorities yester
day morning took possession of Camp
Barrett at Fruitvale, Oakland, where
the new California regiment, the
Eighth, in command of Colonel Hen
shaw, is to rendezvous. Lieutenant
Covalt of Company F of Oakland pro
ceeded to the grounds with a detail of
twenty men and after hoisting the flag
laid out the picket lines, thus estab
lishing the first military camp in Ala
meda County since the occupation of
TO EMBARK TO-DAY.
BATTERIES H AND X, THIRD ARTILLERY, AND THE ASTOR
BATTERY LEAVE CAM/* AT It O'CLOCK.
At 11 o'clock this morning Batteries H and X, Third United States
Artillery, commanded by Captain James O'Hara and Captain Charles
W. Hobbs respectively, will leave Ca«ip Miller at the Presidio and
march to the Pacific Mail dock, where they will go on board the X
port to sail for Manila to-morrow.
The Astor Independent BaKery, commanded by Captain March, will
take its departure from Carrp Merritt also at 11 o'clock to embark on
the Newport.
California. During the day the gen
eral plan of the camp was mapped out
by Lieuttnant Colonel Canington and
Quartermaster Heller. Wide streets
will sepirate the companies, the
grounds w.ll be thoroughly drained and
sewered atd there will be an adequate
water supply and convenient transpor
tation facilities. The headquarters of
Colonel Henshaw and staff will be lo
cated midway between the Haywarda
electric line and the Southern Pacific
tracks, facing the depot at Sather,
while the city of tents will stretch'from
that point northward. The eighty-acre
tract is admirably adapted for a camp
and parade ground while the foothills
on the Talcott ranch can be used for
skirmish drill.
The first battalion, composed of com
panies from San Rafael, Santa Rosa.
Colusa and San Jose, will arrive in
Oakland this :nornii.g and march di
rect from the mole to Camp Barrett.
It is expected that to-morrow the en
tire regiment will be in camp and on
Thursday morning Colonel Hen-haw
and staff win take possession of their
quarters.
Captain Napthaly of the Second
Brigade National " Guard staff hag
been detailed at headquarters in the
Palace Hotel, relieving Colonel Bush.
Lieutenant X a. Smith, adjutant of
the Fifth National Ouard Regiment,
has been detailed temporarily as ad
jutant of the Eighth California Regi
ment at Camp Barrett.
WYOMING VOLUNTEERS.
Governor Richards Sails Out to
Sea Fourteen Miles to Bid
Them Farewell.
When the Wyoming Volunteers took
their departure from Cheyenne for San
Francisco, Governor Richards said to
them, in the course of a brief address:
"Boys, I'll not bid you a last farewell
now, but I promise you that when you
sail out of the Golden Gate for Manila I
will be the last Wyoming man that you'll
see as you pass out into the broad ocean."
Yesterday Governor Richards, who has
been in the city two weeks, went on board
the Ohio in company with his brother-in
law, George C. Hunt, of Oakland, and
went out to sea as far as the lightship, a
distance of fourteen miles, bidding all the
Wyoming volunteers a sincere farewell
and a hearty godspeeds He returned on
the first pilot-boat, and as the boat pulled
away from the Ohio, Governor Richards
was given round after round of cheers un
til he was out of hearing. He had kept
his word to the letter.
Thirty minutes before- tho departure of
the Ohio, Harry Wells of Company G of
the Wyoming Volunteers, who was
supposed to be sick in the hos
pital at Camp Merritt, was dis
covered on board, much to the surprise
of every one, by the regimental surgeon.
So determined to go to Manila was he
that he had quietly got up out of bed and
found his way on board ship. The sur
geon believed that his symptoms were
those of diphtheria. The Grace Barton
was immediately signaled, and -a few min
utes later Wells was put on board of her,
together with another sick man, and con
veyed to the Harbor Hospital.
Three other Wyoming volunteers were
left behind. One Is W. H. Holden of
Company H, who is in the French Hospi
tal, dying of tuberculosis, and the others
are Arthur Parker of Company G. and
Henry D. George, both of whom are in
the brigade hospital.
At a late hour last night a Wyoming
battery of light artillery, composed of 125
men and commanded by Captain Gran
ville M. Palmer of Cheyenne, arrive.! at
Oakland and will come over to San Fran
cisco at an early hour this morning. This
battery, the only organization that has r
been exclusively recruited in Cheyenne;
was accepted on the 15th, was mustered
in on the 16th and started for San Fran
cisco on the 85th. It will go into camp
on the same ground that was occupied
by the Wyoming volunteers, who sailed
for Manila yesterday. This particular
spot had been reserved for it.
Governor Richards makes the state
ment that 10 per cent of the population
of Wyoming of military age is now in the
army*. Wyoming has furnished three
times the number of men required under
her quota This is the best showing made
by any State.
SIXTH , ARTILLERY MEN.
Two Batteries Arrive From
the East and Go Into Camp
at the Presidio.
Light Batteries D and O. Sixth United
States Artillery, arrived yesterday, from
the East and went into camp near the
remaining two batteries of the Third l Ar
tillery, at the Presidio. The battalion I»
In Vommandof Major Grugg. Md thj,
nriiut-int is F A Pearce. liatterj v,
coKg of 126 men. Is officered by Cap
tain A Dyer First Lieutenant Haw
thorne'and Second Lieutenant Scott. It
has been stationed at Washington Bar
", k , Battery G. from Fort Meyer, Vlr-
Sta£ has 143 y men. and its officers art
Continued on Seventh Page.HOME PORTS OF DONS
NOW IN GREAT DANGER
TO ATTACK,
THE COAST
OF SPfJIN
Comn)odore Watson Will
Be Sent Witt) Power
ful Squadron.
WASHINGTON, June 27.— The Navy Department at
11:15 a - m - posted the following bulletin:
"I bmmodore Watson sails to-day in the Newark to join
Admiral Sampson, when he will take under his command an
armored squadron with several cruisers and proceed at once
to the Spanish coast."
The Navy Department has also posted a bulletin, which
indicates what ships will compose Commodore Watson's
squadron. It is designated the Eastern squadron, and is
made up as follows:
"Flagship Newark, battle-ships lowa and Oregon,
cruisers Yosemite. Yankee and Dixie, and the colliers Scan
dia. Abarenda and Alexander. The advance will be made at
once from Santiago."
The bulletin also showed the following changes in the
designation of the division of our war vessels: "North At
lantic fleet. "Rear Admiral Sampson, commanding; first
squadron, Commodore J. A. Howell commanding; second
squadron, Commodore W. S. Schley commanding; naval
base, Key West. Fla., Commodore E. Remey command
ing."
WASHINGTON, June 27.— The ad
ministration to-day finally came to a
decision to s^nd an American squadron
to the Spanish coast and into the Medi
terranean. Several times since the war
broke out rumors to this effect have
' irculated, hut the project had not
rlalized. It required the Spanish
ment toward the Philippines by
Camara's squadron to decide the Navy
Department to adopt this bold stroke
This first announcement to-day,
through a bulletin posted at the War
Department, of the Government's In
tention was received with incredulity.
There was a suspicion that the Btory
was floated to deceive the Spanish
nt. However, when, lat"r In
th" day, the detail of th^ vessels se
ititute < '"mmodore Wat
son's eastern squadron was announce<
and ders were given to pro
vision the fleet for four months, it be
came apparent t't the last doubter tha
rovernment was in earnest in thi
purpose to dispatch the fleet to Europe
The thrf> vessels selected as collier
have Btarted already on thf»ir way to
Newport News to take on a large sup
ply of coal. It will require a week to
get them down to Sampson's fleet so
that if th» start is to be made from
that point it will be Impossible for
Commodore Watson to get away befor
the 4th of July. This would seem to
1 •■ an auspicious date for the begin
ning of an expedition that will for th
first time in the world's history star
from tin- new world to attack conti
nental Europe. No attempt is made to
deny that the Governrn-nt is influeneet
in ordering this mov^nv-nt by a desire
to check th" propr*s^ eastward of the
! fleet It was not believed tha
the Spanish admiral could be guilty o
the folly of unnivi-rint; his own home
P' rts in this fashion, but in, ..much a.
he seems determined t i <!<> so the na
val Strategists could not do less than
take advantage of the magnificent op
portunity thus afforded them to strike
a crushing blow at Spain and thereby
perhaps save much time and loss of life
and money in the conduct of the tedi
ous campaign in Cuba.
The determination t«> send this squad
ron against Spain was the outcome of
direct official advices reaching the State
and Navy Departments as to the pro
gress of Adminil Camara's squadron.
These advices give a list of the Span
ish ships now nearing the. Suez C;inal
which differs somewhat from the list
given in the press dispatches and by
I. '..yds. The official list is as follows:
Pelayo, Carlos V. Audaz, Osada, Pros
erpina, Tatriota, Rapido, BuenosAyres,
Isla de Paney, Colon, Covadonga and
San Francisco.
The additional information comes
from official sources that this squadron
is at Port Said and expects to take on
board ln.ooo tons of coal before enter-
Ing the Suez Canal. Such a heavy
coaling will take pome time. It dis
close* also that the admiral expects to
make a long sail, and is doubtless head
ed for the Philippines, a point which
the officials lure doubted at first.
The squadron is the most formidable
Spain has afloat in total tonnage,
strength of individual ships, armor and
guns.
The Pelayo Is the strongest of the
■hips and is th<> only battle-ship in the
Spanish navy. She is 9900 tons, with a
Bpe< '1 of 16.7 knots. She carries thirty
five guns of various caliber and has
eeven torpedo tubes. The largest guns
are the 12-lnch Hontorias, one forward
and one aft, and 11-inch Hontorias, one
on each beam. The Carlos V is of 9090
tons, with a speed of 19 knots. She has
twenty-eight guns, the largest being
]]-inch Hontorias, worked electrically,
one forward and one aft. She has also
six torpedo tubes.
The Audaz and Osada are torpedo
boat destroyers, finished In England
Just before the war began. They are of
400 tons each and are 30 knots. Each
carries six guns and two torpedo tubes.
:..Th>» iiueno* Ayxom belqag*. ta *he
! Transatlantic Company of Cadiz, and
has been transformed into a cruiser.
1 She is 5200 tons, with 14 knots speed.
The Proserpina, Patriota and Rapi
. do are merchant vessels recently con
structed and armed. The Colon, Cova
donga and San Francisco are colliers.
It is appnrent from this that the main
reliance of the fieetr is on the bnttle
ship Pelayo, the armored cruiser Carlos
V and the two new torpedo boat de
stroyers, Audaz and Osada. The others
are auxiliary cruisers and colliers. As
there are only two armored ships in the
lot, Adimral Dewey's fleet of protected
but unarmored ships probably will take
care of this Spanish squadron. With
the Monterey added he could certainly
do so.
Thp Eastern squadron, which the
United States will now send against
Spain, far outranks the Spanish squad
ron, the lowa and Oregon exceeding
the Peiayo and Carlos V at every point,
while the other United States vessels
are far superior, ship for ship, to those
of the Spanish squadron, with the sin
gle exception of the two Spanish tor
pedo-boat destroyers.
"When the American fleet sails for
Spain it win take with it complete In
formation as to the entire stretch of
Spanish coast, -with detail maps of
; every harbor and its fortifications. The
War Board had a mass of this infor
mation before it, and spent most of the
day studying Spanish charts and for
tifications, with a view of outlining the
series of blows which are to b" deliv
ered to Spain at home. The Spanish
coast line is 2122 kilometers long, of
which 769 kilometers is nn the north
coast, while 13H3 kilometers is along the
M<-niterranean and the Atlantic on the
south coast. The north is described
jby naval strategists as abrupt and
'■■ mountainous, with sinuous inlets and
gulfs, resembling the fjords of Scandi
navia. In general, the fortifications
i of the coast are relics of the medieval
greatness of Spain, and many of these
defenses are tumbling ruins.
The Spanish coast is divided into
three captain generalcies, namely: Fer
rol on the north, Cadiz on the south
and Carthagena on the east. At Fer
rol is the naval school and the school
lof naval application. At Carthagena
; is the school of ordnance and the tor
| pedo school. Cadiz is the point where
! most of the fortification guns are
made.
Each of the three naval provinces has
a certain number of ports and coast
towns under its care.
The total artillery of these ports, un
der the normal conditions prior to the
war, is as follows: One hundred and
nineteen Krupp guns, 65 Armstrong
guns, 90 Ordonez guns and a large num
ber of Hontorla guns. The main re
liance Is on the Ordonez guns, which
are especially for fortification pur
poses. They are of 21.24 and 30 centi
meters. A separate division of the
coast is made for the purpose of plac
ing torpedoes and submarine mines.
This work is divided into four districts,
with Ferrol, Cadiz, Carthagena and
Mahon as headquarters. Each town
along the coast Is allowed a certain
number of torpedoes. For instance, the
allotment for Barcelona is 500 torpe
does. *
Many of these ports are connected by
cables, which form an additional fea
ture of naval attack. A cable runs
from Barcelona to Marseilles. Cadiz
has three cables, one to the Canaries,
another to Gibraltar and another to
Villa Real. Vigo Is the cable station
for two lines.
The Information is In minute detail
as to the defenses of each port. For
Instance, Ferrol Is protected on the
north by a series of three batteries and
two chateaus. the chateaus occupying
points which command passes from the
sea. The town is encircled by bastions
and redoubts of ancient pattern, but
recently remodeled. The defenses of
Cadiz consist of a circle of eleven pow
erful forts. The other harbors are sim
ilarly defined, I with detail information
M tq flpproacfroa, gMpne^. depth of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 28, 1898.
COMMODORE J. C. WATSON AND THE SHIPS HE WILL TAKE TO ATTACK THE SPANISH COAST.
Commodore Watson's picture is reproduced from his latest photograph, taken since the beginning of hostilities with Spain. ~ "•"•
water, batteries, etc. With this full In
formation at hand the nature of the as
sault upon the coast of Spain will be
pretty well outlined before the Ameri
can squadron sails. At the same time
much will be left to the commander In
chief of this squadron.
Some naval authorities believe that
the Canary Islands will be the first
point of attack, and that the next move
will be to establish a naval base at
Ceuta, a ->Int on the African coast,
owned by Spain and opposite Gibraltar.
With this base our ships would be
within easy striking distance of the
long stretch of Spanish coast.
The United States Consul at Port
Said has reported to the State Depart
ment that, in obedience to its Injunc
tion, he had lodged a protest against
the selling of a supply of coal there to
the Spanish squadron. It is true the
failure to obtain coal at Port Said
would not in Itself prevent the Span
ish vessels from passing through the
canal and continuing on their way to
the Philippines, for they have with
them one or more colliers. But the
coal carried by these would be abso
lutely essential to the vessels of the
squadron long before they had crossed
the Arabian Sea.
To add to the embarrassment of Ca
mara there is good reason to believe
that the canal management will ob
struct his passage on the ground o f
interference with navigation.
Commodore Watson should reach Ad
miral Sampson by Thursday morning
or perhaps earlier, for the Newark hav
ing been extensively repaired. Is now
a swift warship. The operations before
Watson are of a character that will ad
mit of employment to the best advant
age of the big monitors for bombarding
purposes and small cruisers and gun
boats as blockading vessels. The start
will be made from off Santiago just as
soon as the squadron can be gotten
ready, and this, fortunately, owing to
the completeness of the naval mobiliza
tion, will be In a very short time.
There is no intention of weakening
the Havana blockade by the with
drawal of Commodore Watson with his
flagship. To prevent this Secretary
Long has ordered Commodore Howell
to proceed immediately to the Amer
ican fleet off Havana to take command
of the post vacated by Commodore
Watson. Commodore Howell is at
present in command of the coast pa
trol fleet and he will take the entire
fleet with him, that is, all of the larger
vessels, to re-enforce the blockade of
the Cuban coast. He is already on his
way south from the New England
coast and should reach Cuban waters
by the end of the week.
The Naval War Board was In session
all the forenoon. It had before it con
fidential telegrams from Admiral
Sampson, with whom It had been In
communication by cable for the last
two days.
BEST FOB ENOS CLAY.
SANTA ROSA, June 27.— Judge Burnett
rendered a final decision to-day, award-
Ing the body of the late Senator Enos of
Sonoma to his daughter, Mrs. Estrado
Murray. The body has, since the death
of Enos, last March, been -in a vault in
Sonoma, pending the court's decision, as
the . result of an Injunction suit brought
by the widow against" Mrs. Snyder, who
wished to have charge of th« burlap and
tlie deaA^awi^ tomb, w- - - """SsL!^ ,
FORBIDDEN
TO COAL AT
PORT SAID
MADRID, June 27. — A dispatch has been received here
from Admiral Camara announcing his arrival at Port Said. He
adds that the ships under his command had a "capital voyage,"
and averaged a speed of ten miles an hour. It was announced
here this afternoon that Admiral Camara has been ordered
through the Suez canal with the warships under his command.
PORT SAID, June 27. — Upon the application of the
United States Consul here, orders have been issued forbidding
the coaling at this port of Admiral Camara's iket until further
orders.
LONDON, June 27. — A special dispatch from Madrid says
the Minister of Marine, Senor Aunon, has made a statement
to the effect that Admiral Camara's squadron will leave Port
Said to-day for the Philippine Islands. He is credited with hav
ing said that he believed the squadron was powerful enough to
defeat the ships under Admiral Dewey. The dispatch an
nounces that the hope is expressed in Madrid that Manila will
be able to hold out until the arrival of Admiral Camara's squad
ron.
PARIS, June 27. — Admiral Camara's squadron, which
starts to-morrow morning for Suez, made a very fine record,
with an average of ten knots throughout, being led by the de
stroyers. Among interesting items is that the dues for the
fleet's passage through the canal amounts to $160,000.
LONDON, June 28.— The Madrid cor
respondent of the Standard says:
Egypt's refusal to supply coal to Ad
miral Camara's squadron is strongly
resented, as due to England's influ
ence. It is regarded as direct proof of
an Anglo-American entente.
The Spanish Transatlantic Steam
ship Company has coal depots at Aden,
Colombo and Singapore. Captain Au
non, Minister of Marine, hopes the mat
ter may be arranged, since England
has not yet declared coal contraband
of war. According to another version
the incident Will serve as a pretext to
bring Admiral Camara back to Spain
to check American aggression.
The Times, commenting; editorially
on the movements of Admiral Camara's
squadron, says: "This singular naval
promenade is probably of a theatrical
character, designed to serve the double
purpose of impressing the United
States and satisfying public opinion in
Spain. It will certainly fail to attain
the first of these objects. The million
pesetas required to pay for the passage
of the squadron through the Suez
canal might be more usefully employed
than in a demonstration that alarms
nobody and is too late >' to r, relieve
JtonUai .pou^U^j^^ossxfi^jh^^ga^
iards are justified in declining to be
greatly frightened by the throat of an
American expedition to the peninsula,
though this may stimulate the demand
for the conclusion of peace."
NEW YORK, June 27.— A dispatch to
the Tribune from Cairo, Egypt, says:
The Egyptian Government has in
structed its authorities at Port Said to
prevent the 150 stokers engaged there
by Admiral Camara for his fleet from
embarking on Spanish ships, and has
courteously informed Admiral Camara
that their embarkation would be an in
fringement of the laws of neutrality,
which Egypt intends to observe rig
orously.
The Audaz* machinery requires re
pairs and Camara has signified his in
tention of remaining at Port Said for
three days. ,
-■ ♦ ■ ■ . .
The Canal Is Deep Enough.
That Admiral Camara does not take
.his i fleet on through the Suez canal and
to Manila to crush Dewey cannot be
explained on the ground that his ves
sels , draw too much water "to pass
through. The Pelayo draws 24 feet 11
inches, the Carlos V one inch more,
and the Numancia, the deepest in the
water of all, draws 25 feet 3 inches.
The canal in the shallowest places is
at least four "feet deeper, and several
British ships now on the China station,
drawing 2 feet and ; 3 : inches more than
the Numancia, have passed through
lEltfegyt hjp.dran.g3 quite j^cgntiaV— * 3,
HAVE FIVE
THOUSAND
PRISONERS
HONGKONG, June 27.— General Agri
inaldo, according to letters brought
here from Cavite by a German steamer,
occupies the mansion of the late Gov
ernor of Cavite, but he will shortly
move to Imua to make room for the
American troops. The insurgents now
have 5000 prisoners.
A hundred and eighty-seven of the
Spanish wounded have been sent to
Manila with a Hag of truce by permis
sion qX Admiral Dewey. The wounded
Spanish ofhYers, with one exception,
are at Cavite.
The Spanish brigadier, Moret, was
killed at San Fernando, in an attempt
to force the rebel lines.
An American official at Cavite writes
ms follows: "If great bloodshed and
destruction come to Manila Spain may
justly blame the Germans. Manila
would have surrendered before the ar
rival of the German squadron without
bloodshed, but now, owing to the moral
support of its presence, the city refuses
to surrender."
MANILA. Philippine Islands, June 22,
via Hongkong, June 27.— The Spaniards
claim to have driven the rebels back,
but really the position is unchanged.
The arrival of the American troops is
awaited and they are expected to-day.
The Spanish outposts have prepared
to retire promptly to the walled citadel,
and will probably make only a nominal
resistance.
A section of the Insurgents, it Is al- '
leged, dislike the Americans and desire
German protection. Five German war
ships are here.
The Spaniards continue their nightly
fusillade, but the volunteers decline to
go to the trenches, while many of the
regulars are idling about the town.
Thousands of trees in the vicinity of |
the citadel have been cut down, but the
botanical gardens remain. All food is
held at famine prices.
SPANISH WORKING
ON BAY DEFENSES
Saluting of Foreign Warships Caused
a Panic and Belief That Amer
ican Troops Had Arrived.
MANILA, Philippine Islands, June 22
(via Hongkong, June 27). — Two thou
sand Spaniards arc working on the sand
bag defense outside the moat, on the
Calle de las Aguadas. The insurgents
are worrying the Spaniards, but there
is no advance, although desultory fir
ing goes on at various points. The in
surgents are firing explosive shells at
Santa Ana churches.
On v June S 21, accession day, the for
eign warships saluted the Spanish col
ors. It was believed th.at the bom
bardment had begun, but the panic was
soon quelled.
A French .warship left the harbor af
ter saluting the Spanish flag. The har
bor ba,tteag? ftupwere^ ftaa-.ttite _«urs.
rise to a false alarm of the arrival of
the American troops.
The Spaniards believe that Great
Britain Intends some ?~>vt of action. It
is reported that they will burn all the
houses at Malate to clear the ground
for defense.
TRANSPORTS HAVE
NOT YET ARRIVED
Apparently the Philippine Insur-
gents Are Waiting for the
American Troops.
MANILA, June 2;^ (via Hongkong).
June 27. — Up to the time this dispatch
is sent the transports from San Fran
cisco, having 1 on board American
troops Intended to re-enforce Rear Ad
miral Dewey, have not arrived here
and there ia no change in the situa
tion.
The insurgents have not made any
further advance, and the Spaniards
have been continuing the construction
lof sand bank fortifications and the
planting of sharpened bamboos around
I Manila for the purpose of stopping the
| insurgents' advance. The papers here
i continue appealing to the natives to
come to the assistance of Spain.
Attempts to Stab Aguinaldo.
HONGKONG, June 27.— Advices from
Manila reports two attempts to stab
General Aguinaldo, >ne by an Italian
adventurer.
Captain Slocum's Long Voyage.
NEWPORT. R. 1., June 27.— Captain
Joshua Slocum arrived here to-day on the
sloop yacht Spray, after a voyage around
the world. Ho left Boston April 24. LSS6,
going to Gibraltar and South American
ports, and from there to the Straits of
Magellan into the Pacific to Australia,
Tasmania, Juan Fernandez. He sailed
into the Indian Ocean and visited Natal,
South Africa. Cape Town, St. Helena, As
cension Islands, Grenada and Antigua, and
thence home. His cruise of more Than
three years was made in a sailing craft
33 feet long and 14 feet wide. Captain Slo
cum made the voyage entirely alone.
Will Not Lose Their Land.
LOS ANGELES, Juno 27.— Judge Ross
In the Federal Circuit Court this morning
issued a final decree closing the title to
all bona fide purchasers of the railway
lands in the overlapping grants of the
Southern Pacific and Atlantic and Pacific
Railways. This rtf -ree insures the pur
chasers their holdings, which were in
volved In the litigation which has been
ponding between the Government and
railroads for years.
Sailors and Their Grievances.
The grievances of sailors examined by the
authorities In ports of entry, where the sea
men belong, often turn out to be imaginary or
greatly exaggerated. But there, are plenty of
cruel and conscienceless skippers who abuse
their crews. Violence is always objectionable,
and pointedly so when It Is exerted upon 'on
unfortunate liver, stomach or bowels . by dos
ing with drastic purgatives which weaken th«
JatSSilngfl, .Use HoateUef'a Btoa^i ißi^M*- .
34
AMERICANS HOLD ALL
OUTPOSTS AT SANTIAGO
BRIGADIER GENERAL A. R. ChjAFFEE, Corr)
roanding the American porces Nearest
tfye Spanish Outposts Before Santiago.
PLANS TO
PROVOKE
A CRISIS
Premier Sagasta h[as a
Scheme for Securing
Peace.
Would Proclaim the Whole Penin
sula in a State of Siege and
Then Appeal for Aid.
LONDON, June 27. — According to a special dispatch
from Madrid published here this afternoon Premier Sagasta is
planning t<> provoke a crisis and to form a coalition Ministry,
drawn from the different monarchial parties, including Marshal
Campos and General Polavieja. The new Ministry will pro
claim the whole peninsula in a state of siege, re-enforce the gar
risons in the C'arlist and republican centers, and then appeal to
a friendly nation, probably France or Russia, to secure terms of
peace.
MADR I I >, June 27. — An important body, the Chamber of
Commerce of Barcelona, has notified the Government that at a
general meeting its members were in favor of peace and termin
ation of the state of war.
LONDON, June 27. — The Rome correspondent of the
Standard says: The Pope, disquieted by Carlist rumors, sum
moned one of the leaders to Rome incognito, receiving him
privately. The latter assured the Pope that the Carlists had no
intention of attacking the reigning dynasty, but were resolved
to combat any attempt to proclaim a republic.
The Pope lately wrote to the Queen Regent, advising her
on no account to abdicate, because to do so would be to encour
age the enemies of the dynasty.
LON1)«)X, June 2S.— The Madrid cor
respondent of the Daily Telegraph
s;iys; Spain Ls in a state of ferment,
of transition without parallel during
the present century. Troubles of the
gravest kind are brewing all over the
province. Every political and Bocial in
stitution is threatened In turn, and the
least nervous among the far-sighted
politicians apprehend a complete de
bacle.
But the failure of the national de
fense .is not countable for
this. Incredible as it may Beem the
majority of Spaniards take absolutely
no interest in the war and even display
a willingness to forget the past and t>»
endeavor to rub along- without colonies.
The statesmen responsible for the loss
of the colonies are utterly reckless and
the indifference to the people's ruin
.manifested by the governing and upper
middle classes is probably unparalleled
in history. Hunger and misery are
making themselves felt throughout the
country. There, will soon be 860,000 un
employed in Catalonia, and everywhere
else there are similar signs of distress,
going from bad to worse, day by day.
The Government is painfully con
scious and is now taking energetic
measures, but all of these are of a co
ercive character. Troops which might
have successfully defended the Philip
pines are being massed at all the cen
ters where starvation protests are
likely to assume an aggressive form,
•while money 1b being wasted on war
shl&j" tli&t will never fire a shot.
The press expects to be gagged, but it
unanimously declares that no amount
of coercion and no degree of dictato
rial despotism will hinder the country
from rising and manifesting its will
What is far more serious is the unfor
tunate circumstance that the dynasty
Bharea in the unpopularity of the Gov
ernment.
The people argue that repression is
being employed solely in favor of the
monarchy, which has remained abso
lutely passive during the terrible na
tional crisis. On my way to the palace
to witness the confirmation of the
young monarch I heard the expression
given to anti-dynastic sentiments of
the most uncompromising character,
which bode no good to the boy King.
In all other classes the same lack of
sympathy is unmistakably manifest.
"If Spain's colonies are not worth
fighting for," said one nobleman,
"Spain's dynasty is still less so. If our
soldiers were not sent to fight the Yan
kees we shall take care that they are
not called upon to shoot down Span
iards for the sake of an Austrian."
Appropriation for Medals.
WASHINGTON, June 27.— After tho
President's message in regard to Lieuten
ant Nowcnmb anil Captain Hodgson was
received In the Senate to-day Senator
Frye introduced a bill proposed at the
Navy Department carrying the Presi
dent's recommendation Into effect. The
resolution appropriates JIQOO for the man
ufacture of medals.
THE SA3S" FRAXCISCO CALL, ' iuESDAY, JUNE 28, 1898.
LINARES WILL MAKE
HIS LAST STAND ONE
MILE FROM THE CITY
Strengthening His Line of Defenses for
the Attack Which Is Near
at Hand.
Special Cnble to The Call and the Yew York; Herald. Copyrighted, IS9S, by Jamr* Gordon Ilennett.
WITH TPIE ARMY NEAR SANTIAGO, June 26, by Call-Herald Dispatch-boat Som
ers X. Smith to Kingston, Jamaica, June 27. — Although only three or four miles now sep
arate General Shaffer's advance column and the Spanish forces about Santiago, it is likely to be
several days before the assault upon the city is made. Owing to the bad condition of the roads
machine and field guns can be hauled to the front only with the greatest difficulty. Much of this
day has been devoted to this work and the guns now are well on the day to the advanced posi
tion held by General Wheeler. The work hardly can be completed for two or three days, how
ever, and an attack cannot be made before then.
Seven thousand American troops and three thousand of General Garcia's forces are en
camped within sight of Santiago and the American flag is still floating all along the way from
Baiquiri to the outskirts of the beleaguered city.
It is apparent now that General Linares will offer no serious opposition to the concentra
tion of the entire American and Cuban forces about the city. He abandoned his last opportun
ity for making serious trouble when he ordered his troops to withdraw from Sevilla yesterday.
General Linare^the American officers believe, is devoting all his energies to strengthening the
defenses of Santiago, both by land and sea.
From several sources the information comes that the Spanish general has a larger force at
his command than has been supposed. Conservative leaders in the Cuban army declare that at
least 15,000 Spaniards have been gathered at Santiago. It is asserted the city's defenses have
been strengthened to a marked degree and that the capture of the city will not be the easy task
so many have expected.
Thus far the Americans seem to be more in need of artillery than men, but it is believed
the composition of the present land force is due to a plan for the co-operation of the fleet. The
health of all the troops is excellent. All the wounded are doing well. General Shatter and his
subordinate officers are unstinted in their praise of both volunteers and regulars under fire. Our
troops have shown themselves to be brave, cool and eager, and the examples set by the officers
are worthy of the highest praise.
As I write this dispatch the band of the Seventeenth Infantry is playing Sousa's marches
on the heights of Sevilla, in full view of Santiago. Six miles away the city lies peacefully in a
most beautiful valley, wholly invisible from the coast. Envy fillls the hearts of the American
troops as they behold the delightful scene. It is the secret desire of all to possess this attractive
land and only a speedy advance upon the city will keep the men from becoming impatient.
The next fighting will be directly before Santiago. Our troops have swept all before them.
They took Sevilla sooner than they had expected to and without a struggle. Owing to the ex
traordinary energy of our commanding officers in pushing the men along, coupled with the eager
ness of the troops to advance, the American flag was raised over Sevilla during Saturday night.
In this village, where General Linares made his headquarters while the American troops
were landing, a desperate engagement was expected Spanish troops had been hastening to that
point from all directions for several days. It was the last defense between Santiago and Amer
ican troops. Despite its strategic importance, however, the Spaniards offered little opposition.
They fired on our troops for some time in a desultory way, but without effect. They then retired
from the village, leaving it for the Americans to occupy.
Our troops, after making Sevilla their temporary headquarters, pressed on to a point two
miles beyond and established themselves within four miles of Santiago.
The Spaniards halted in their flight at Canev, a small settlement to the northeast of San
tiago and on the right of our line. Colonel Wagner, who took his men two miles beyond Sevilla,
there found the extreme outposts of the Cubans on the bank of Seco River. This detachment of
American troops approached to within a few hundred yards of the Spanish patrols, who moved
along in front four miles from the city. He then learned that the main body of the Spanish
army is within lines only one mile outside of Santiago.
General Shatter's next order, therefore, will be to attack the enemy's trenches. These are
in regular trocha form. The brush has been cleared for a distance of iooo yards from the lines,
which consist of a series of small forts connected by deep trenches and barbed wire.
Five hundred Cubans occupy a position in advance of the Seventeenth Infantry, but the
Fourth and Twenty-fifth Infantry are coming along to take the leading position. They started at
daylight from Scco River and will go close to the Spanish lines. «
At the present rate of advance it is quite probable that the two armies will get within
range of each other to-morrow. The Second Cavalry is going forward with horses and sixty pack
mules.
Under orders from Admiral Sampson, the dynamite cruiser Vesuvius continues to hurl
shells inside the fortifications, but the Spaniards are devoting themselves assiduously to repair
work and the Socapa battery on the western side of the harbor seems to be as strong as ever.
The reports are that both food and ammunition are scarce in Santiago, but no one hears reliable
information indicating that the Spanish are in desperate straits for food. There no longer is any
trouble about furnishing American troops with good food and water.
Lieutenant Colonel Roosevelt, after carefully investigating, emphatically denied the report
that forty Americans were killed in Friday's fighting. He placed the number of our dead at six
teen, of whom eight were Rough Riders. Lieutenant Colonel Roosevelt, who led the way and
seemed like a lion in the action, is most enthusiastic in his praise of his men's dashing courage.
BARBED WIRE DEFENSES
WILL CAUSE TROUBLE
Army in Need of Nippers to Remove
One Serious Obstacle to Its
Advance.
NEW YORK. June 27.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: "There
is one feature of Santiago's defenses
which does* not yet seem to have been
considered," sni«i an army official to
me to-day, "and that is the twelve lines
of barbed ■wire entanglement which
surrounds the city."
This officer has explored the whole
of Cuba, and speaks from personal ex
perience.
"To attempt to clear these barriers
with guns," he continued, "results only
in throwing them down in a way to
harass the mtn going over them. This
will be found a formidable obstacle
when the attack is made. The Cuban
Junta furnished their troops with nip
pers with which to force their way
through the trocha. With these the
wires were cut and the problem was
comparatively Blmple. The American
army to-day needs nippers more than
guns. I ascertained that no nippers
had been furnished our army and un
der present conditions my informant
says it will be difficult for the United j
States army to make its way over this j
outer defense. It is the opinion of i
many experienced army men that the
United States army will not be in a
position to attack before Saturday or
Sunday next."
An officer old in the navy expressed
the opinion to-day that if Santiago
were stormed the so-called defenses
would be punctured like a bubble, and
the Spaniards would take to the brush i
to the west; but on the c-ther hand,
said the army officer, it is more likely I
General Shatter will lay siege and try
the starvation process.
ARTILLERY NEEDED
FOR THE ASSAULT
Army Officers Realize That a Hard
Task Confronts Shafter's
Force.
ON THE RIO GUAMA, June 26, via
Kingston, Jamaica, June 27. — The ad-
vance force of the American army rests
on the stream with the city of Santiago
four and fi half miles westward In plain
sight. The top of every hill and moun
tain north and east of Santiago is oc
cupied by blockhouses, -whence the
Spanish can view the movements of the
American army as it advances beyond
Sabinella to the eastward of this city.
Gashing every knoll and bit of high
ground are Spanish entrenchments.
A correspondent from an elevation to
the right of the American line to-day
counted thirty-four of these entrench
ments completely fencing every ap
proach to the city. The trenches have
been dug as the conformation of the
ground admitted. Their ends overlap
where breaks in the line occur, thus
securing a comparatively safe retreat
from rille fire in case parts of the
trenches are captured. Upon one of
these works modern guns have been
mounted. They can be plainly seen
with the naked eye.
Spies report that inside the entrench
ments are four parallel lines of rifle
pits, shoulder deep, and in front of
them are marked ranges and several
rows of barbed wire fences.
No officer who has surveyed the field
over which the advance must be made
underestimates the task ahead of the
GENERAL "JOE" WHEELER, in the Advance With the
American Army of Invasion in Cuba.
Americans, although our boys still ex
press the most contemptuous opinion of
their adversaries. The general opinion
is that more artillery will be necessary
before it will be safe to attempt to
assault the Spanish works, as the fire
of the different regiments must neces
sarily be deadly and sufficient to de
moralize any force, no matter how bril
liant is its courage, when halted by
wire obstructions.
Some of the officers believe it will be
necessary to lay a regular siege to
Santiago and advance with a line of
earthworks until the ririe pits can be
shelled with shrapnel by the light ar
tillery. These processes have an ef
fective shrapnel range of 2800 yards
and the Mauser rifles in the hands of
the Spaniards are sighted to 1900 yards
and kill at 2100 yards.
However gratifying to the national
pride is the careless attitude of our en
listed men, the grave fear remains that
they may need a more severe lesson
than the ambush of the Rough Riders
before they can realize the deadly pos
sibilities of modern warfare.
The problem now confronting the
army Is the transportation of supplies,
for the roads to the front are still im
passable for wagons, but are being im
proved. In the meantime the pack train
is being used. The first of these left
Juragua late last night and others left
to-day, officers and men were
completely out of rations yesterday.
The Seventh received half rations and
to-day they receive nothing. The boys
are complaining bitterly, but are paci
fied with the assurance that the pack
train will be here to-night.
Should a night attack occur our
soldiers would fare worse than did the
marines at Guantanamo, as the attack
ing force here would not I • at the dis
advantage of having to charge up hill.
The Cubans with the advance forces,
in spite of the good behavior of their
comrades at Quantanamo, seem to be
utterly worthless. All day "they sit in
the shade of their palm-thatched camps
and at night they smoke cigarettes and
gorge on Uncle Sam's rations, while in
sight of them Uncle Sam's boys, with
empty stomachs and riot a bit of to
hacco for their pipes, build roads all
day under the blazing sun and sleep on
their rifles under the starlit sky ;:t
night. The Spaniards are using brass
sheathed lead bluets and the brass
rips on touching and tears the flesh
horribly, while the small brass splinters
cause blood poisoning. Thoy are prac
tically explosive bullets and are used in
the Remingtons. They also out a small
cross through the end of the Mauser
bullet, so that it mushrooms on strik
ing, with a similar result.
SITUATION AT^SANTIAGO
ABSOLUTELY WITHOUT HOPE
It Is Believed Cervera Will Attempt
to Break the Blockade Before
the Harbor.
Hpo-'ia! raV.le to Th» Call and the Xpw York
Herald. Copyrighted. IS9S, by James Gor
don Bennett.
WITH SHAFTER'S ARMY. June 27.
— I heard to-day it is possible Cervera
will try to break the blockade. Samp
son is taking special precautions every
night to prevent his escape. I believe
DVULhALLI
The big, glorious manhood which the few of the earth enjoy should
be the lot of every one. Did men not go to excess there would be no
weaklings— there would be no puniness. If you are a half man to-day
because of errors which you have committed, decide to be a full-powered
man again. You would not be weak if you had not taxed at least some
one of your powers too much. "Hudyan" makes up for the loss of
power which you have sustained by compelling nature to over-exert
herself. "Hudyan 1 has placed thousands upon thousands of men on
their feet. Ask for testimonials about it. They are sent freely and
gladly to you without cost in any way. Medical advice that cannot be
surpassed in the world, too, is yours if you will but ask for it. And all
this without cost. Be a man. Get back your youthful strength and
energy. s
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE. Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts., San Francisco.
the position of the Spanish naval and
military forces at Santiago is absolute
ly without hope.
OFF SANTIAGO DE CUBA, June 2G.
via Kingston, Jamaica, June 27. — It is
believed Admiral Cervera contemplat
ed making a dash out of the harbor,
toward the mouth of the harbmr,
late to-night. Four columns of smok •>.
were seen at sundown advancing
and two small boats, believed to be
t.orpe'do-boat destroyers, were observed
in the neighborhood of the sunken col
lier Merrimac. Consequently Rear
Admiral Sampson ordered extra pre
cautions to be taken. The torpedo
boats Ericcson and Porter stood very
close into the harbor all night, but no
ships came out.
Shortly after midnight the dynamite
cruiser Vesuvius fired thr^e sun-cotton
shells in the direction of fiforro Castle.
They exploded on the ridge behind the
eastern hills. The damage done is not
known.
NOT TO GIVE BATTLE
UNTIL WELL PREPARED
When General Shafter Attack* It
Will Mean the Fall of
Santiago.
WASHINGTON, June 27.— One short
telegram received by General Greely
from one <>f his signal corps officers
with the army under Shifter w;is all
that came to the War Department last
night or to-day. That related entirely
to tlie management of the telegraph
and contained no news as to the move
ments of the military. Therefore it is
assumed at the department that Gen
eral Shafter is simply carrying out his
plans of bringing forward his troops
i from the Bea coast and o'lieentrating
I them at points of vantage on the
• height? surrounding Santiago. His
! army is not to give b:ittle until every
: precaution that prudence can suge:e?t
i has been taken to assure tlv- suo<
| the movement, for no one better than
j General Shafter appreciates th
! mendous moral advantage that would
! accrue to Spain from even a temporary
' check of American arms at this time.
HURRYING SUPPLIES
TO THE ADVANCE FORCE
ABOARD THE ASSOCIATED
PRESS DISPATCH BOAT DAUNT
LESS, off Baiquhi, June L'K (via ■
ston, Jamaica, June 27>. — General S
ter expects to move his headqu;i
from Baiquiri to Juragua this ev>
Transports are rapidly landing t!
Bupplies of forage and ai.. munition, and
the last of the four light batteries of
artillery started this afternoon for Ju
ragua by road. The ordnance officers
say the road is impracticable for siege
guns and that the landing facilities for
them are inadequate.
About 500 mules are still corralel
here. The military authorities are rap
idly making up a pack train t.
forward rations. The men ashore have
five days' supplies, but supplies fov ten
days are needed, as a nrei aution
against a sudden move.GUANTANAMO CAN
EASILY BE TAKEN
Spaniards Have Withdrawn Many
Troops to Strengthen the
Forces at Santiago.
Special Cable to The Call and tn© New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1808,
by James Gorgon Bennett.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, June 27. — Information brought
from Guantanamo by the converted yacht Hist, which ar
rived in Port Antonio to-day, indicates that the Spaniards
in the province of Santiago now are devoting themselves en
tirely to the defense of Santiago City. An official message
was lately taken by the Hist to all points on the southern
coast of Cuba at which American interests' are located. She
has spent much time off Guantanamo the last few days, thus
having an opportunity to get much information there. Of
ficers of the Hist report all quiet about Camp McCalla. Our
forces in that vicinity are carrying forward the work to
which they have been assigned. They are ready to advance
against the town of Guantanamo whenever orders for attack
are received. There has been no fighting about Guantan
amo Bay since the landing of General Shafter's troops at
Baiquiri. Our men have held their own about Guantanamo
and the Spaniards have made no attacks recently. It is be
lieved the enemy's strength in the vicinity of Guantanamo
has been considerably reduced in order that a large force
might be gathered by General Linares for the defense of
Santiago.
REWARDS FOR
NATAL HEROES
Recommended by the
President.
ADVANCEMENT OF HOBSON
THANKS OF CONGRESS AND
PROMOTION.
Bravery of the Men of the Cutter
Hudson and the Captain of the
Hugh McCulloch Rec
ognized.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, June 27.— The Presi
dent to-day sent two special messages
to Congress providing for the recogni
tion of the services of Lieutenant Hob
t=on, the hero of the Merrimac: of Lieu
tenant Newcomb and his crew of the
revenue cutter Hudson, which rescued
the torpedo boat Wlnslow at Cardenas;
of Captain Hodgsdon of the dispatch
boat Hugh McCulloch, which figured
in the battle at Manila, and of Na
val Cadet Joseph Wright Powell, who
held the steam Launch under the bluffs
at Santiago harbor searching for the
crew of the Merrimac Authority Is
asked of the Senate for the transfer of
Hobson from the construction corps to
the line of the navy, and the President
announces that with such authority
given he will, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, suitably ad
vance Hobson in the line. The Hudson's
crew is to be given a vote of thanks and
medals of commemoration. Captain
Hodgsdon is to be suitably recognized.
In his message as to Hobson the
President says, after quoting Admiral
Sampson's praise of the Merrimac
heroes :
Cushing, with whoso gallant act In
blowing up the ram Albemarle during the
Civil War. Admiral Sampson compares
Mr Hobson' s sinking: of the Merrimac,
received the thanks of Congress, upon
recommendation of the President, and
was in consequence, under the irovis-
Jont' of section 1508 of Revised Statutes
advanced one grade, such advancement
embracing fifty-six numbers, fne section
cited applies, however, to line officers
only and Mr. Hobson. being a member
of the staff of the navy, could not. under
its provisions, be so advanced.
In considering the question of suitably
rewarding Assistant Naval Constructor
Hobson for his valiant conduct on the oc
casion referred to, I have deemed it
proper to address this message to you
with the recommendation that he receive
The thanks of Congress, and further.
that he be transferred to the line of the
navy and promoted to such position
[herein as the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate may de
termine. Mr Hobson'S transfer from the
construction corps to the line is fully war
ranted he having received the necessary
technical training as a graduate of the
Naval Academy, where he stood No. 1 in
his class and such action is recommended
Sartly in deference to what is understood
?o*e his own desire, although he being
now a prisoner in the hands of the enemy
no dfrect communication on the subject
8 ,,,, received from him, and partly
for the reason that the abilities delayed
l v him at Santiago are of such a char
acter as to indicate especial fitness for
the duties of the line.
The second message is in part as fol
rin th« 11th day of May, IS9B. there oc
ciir?ed a conflict in the bay of Cardenas
Cuba in which the naval torpedo boat
Window was disabled, her commander
wounded and one of her officers and a
part of her crew killed by the enemy's
"Vri the face of a most galling .fire from
the enemas guns the revenue cutter Hud
~ by First Lieutenant
Frank BN^comb. rescued the disabled
Wlnslow her wounded commander and
remaning crew The commander of the
Hudson kept his vessel in the very hot
sest fi?e of the action, although in con-
Btant darigProf running ashore on -ac
count ofloVwater. and finally 'made fast
out of range of the enemy's guns, a deed
° I SSSiiSS^K^ recognition of rr e
Fltrnal act of heroism of First Lieuten
ant Frank B. Newcomb. United States rev
enue cutter service above set forth, the
thanks of Congress be extended to him
nnd to his officers and men of the Hudson,
and a gold medal of honor be presented
Lieutenant Newcomb. a silver medal of
honor to each of his officers, and a bronze
medal of honor to each member of his
crew who served with him at Cardenas.
It will be remembered that Congress,
by appropriate action, recognized the sev
eral commanders of ships of war for
their services in the battle of Manila, May
1 IS9S
'The commander of the revenue cutter
Hugh McCulloch, present and in active
co-operation with the fleet under Rear
Admiral Dewey on that occasion (by ex
ecutive order under the provisions or sec
tion 277", Revised Statutes), is the only
commander of a national ship to whom
promotion or advancement was not ana
could not be given because he already
held the highest rank known to the rev
enue cutter service.
I now recommend that, fn recognition
of the efflrfr nt and meritorious services
of Captain Daniel B. Hodgsdon, United
States revenue cutter service, who com
manded the Hugh MoCullooh at the bat
tle Of Manila (that officer hemp now in
t!:.- 63d year of his ape. and having served
continuously for thirty-seven years), that
he be placed on permanent waiting orders
on the retired list of revenue cutter ser
vice on the full pay of his grade.
President McKinley'a recommenda
tion a« to C idet Powell Is as follows:
I nominate Naval Cndet Joseph Powell
to be advanced two numbers under the
provisions ojf section 1506 of the revised
v d to be an ensign in the navy
for extraordinary heroism while in charge
of the steam launch which accomp
tne collier derrlmac !'• r the p
rescuing her gallant force when the v<^
sel was under the command of Naval
Constructor jHobson, run into the mouth
of the harbor of Santiago d. Cuba on the
sn inst and dexterously sunk in the
CLAIM THAT THIS
COUNTRY IS ALARMED
How the Spaniards View the Prospect
of Bombardment by Wat
son's Squadron.
LONDON, June 2S.— The Madrid cor
respondent of the Times says: The
threats to Fend a squadron to Spain, as
reported from the United States, are
regarded h-re as proof that the Amer
ican Government is seriously alarmed
at th ' ' of Admiral Camara ap
■ >.g in the neighborhood of Manila
It is argued that if the United States
were to show so little regard for the
usages of civilized warfare as to bom
bard small open towns, America might
kill v few peaceful inhabitants and in
jure private property, but the practical
■ of such a flagrant infraction of
the laws of war would be merely to in-
Mame the war spirit of the Spaniards
As for the fortified forts, experience
in Cuba and Purto Rico has shown that
■■ of men-of-war makes but little
impression, and America would find it
much harder to maintain v fleet off the
of the peninsula than at a few
hours sail from Key West. The land
r any considerable armed force is
if the question, because that is
precisely what the Spaniards would
like. Such are the views commonly en
tertained here.
The peace movement in Catalonia is
gaining strength. An influential com
mission, headed by the Alcalde of Bar
celona, has arrived and will have a
conference with Senor Saga.sta on th*
subject of measures to alleviate dis
tress in Catalonia.
MARCHING TO ATTACK
THE AMERICAN REAR
Madrid Report of a Movement of
Spanish Troops From
Guantnnamo.
LONDON, June 27.-The Madrid corre
spondent of the Daily Mail, telegraphing
Monday, says: The Minister of War
General Correa. expects the first Spanish
re-enforcements to reach Santiago to
morrow. The report is confirmed that
the Spanish troops at Guantanamo are
marching to attack the American rear
guard there. There is also a movement
of other troops throughout the whole of
Eastern Cuba, in order to carry out a
concerted plan of action.
th U t S A% m ? a . ,° to be the general belief
that Admiral Cervera's squadron will act
on the aggresive during the coming at
tack on Santiago. The Governor of San
tiago, it is asserted, has an ample supply
of provisions, munitions and coal Ad
miral (.amara, it is supposed, is now
traversing the Suez canal without dif
ficulty, t a he haS sent no dispatches to
tne contrary. ;
The announcement that an American
squadron is coming to Spain attracts
very little attention. All the available
men-of-war have been ordered to hold
themselves in readiness. The harbors are
mostly protected by torpedoes, and the
various garrisons have been reviewed as
to their efficiency.
NEW ASSIGNMENT
_0F BRIGADIERS
Gillespie Will Succeed Frank in Com
mand of the Department of
the East.
WASHINGTON-. June 27.-Several im
portant army orders were issued to-day
Brigadier General Frank, who succeeded
General Wesley Merrltt, in command of
the Department of the East, with head
quarters at New York, is relieved of the
command and ordered to report in person
to the Secretary of War for assignment
Lieutenant Colonel <;illr>spie of the en
gineers, who was recently appointed brie"
adier general of volunteers, is ordered to
take command of the Department of the
East. Brigadier General A. C M Pen
nlngton has been relieved from command
of Camp Black. Hempstead. L I ?nd
probably will he assigned to duty" with
the Fourth Army Corps In Florida Brig
adier General Roe has been assigned to
duty with the First Army Corps at Chick
mauga, Ga.
Christina's Mother Very 111.
LONDON. June 27.— Th« Vienna corres
pondent of the Daily Telegraph says: The
Archduchess Elizabeth, mother of the
Queen Regent of Spain, lies seriously 111
at Madrid, in consequence of the political
excitement.
Celebrate the Fourth with California
fire-workH. Buy direct from makerß. Cal
ifornia Fireworks Co., 219 Front st. •
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL,, TUESDAY, JUNE 28, 1898.
WHITHER GOES
THE O'HIGGINS?
Report That Spain Owns
the Vessel.
HAS SAILED FROM ENGLAND
CHILEAN GOVERNMENT ASKED
TO EXPLAIN.
Nary Department Officials Perturbed
Dy a Statement Cabled From
Their Agent in
London.
6p«Mal Dispatch to Th« Call.
NEW YORK, June 27.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent sends the
following-: Whether or not Spain has
acquired the armored cruiser O'Hig
g\r.s, which sailed from England a few
days ago, ostensibly for Chile, is a
question which has caused the authori
ties no little perturbation since Satur
day last, when they received an un
authenticated report from their apents
in London stating that the O'Higgins
had been bought by Spain and was
under the control of the Madrid Gov
ernment. The American Minister at
Santiago de Chile has been instructed
to ask the Chilean Government regard
ing the matter, and his report is ex
pected hourly.
If Spain has purchased the O'Hlg
gins, she has acquired what experts
consider the most formidable vessel o-f
her type now in service, and has
strengthened her naval force corre
spondingly.
Reports received at the Navy Depart
ment to-day indicate that Spain is try
ing to purchase three Chinese protected
cruisers of 2950 tons displacement
which are under construction at Stet
tin, Germany. These vessels are to be
completed by fall. I understand the
American Government has informed
China iff its willingness to buy these
ships, provided they are for sale, and
no doubt is felt, in view of the rela
tions between the Washington and Pc-
ROBERT McMURRAY.
klng Governments, that if the vessels
are sold at all they will be turned over
to the United States.
VESUVIUS PLAYS HAVOC
ALONG THE DEFENSES
Santiago Soldiers Terror-Stricken
Over the Attacks by the
Dynamite Ship.
OFF SANTIAGO DE CUBA. June 26,
via Kingston. Jamaica, June 27.— Naval
Cadet John Hallllgan Jr. of the flagship
Brooklyn returned on board that vessel
last night with a large silk Cuban flag,
which had been presented to him for
landing the first boatload of soldiers of
the Invading army.
Commodore Schley. commenting to
night on the landing, said:
"It la the breaking of all records In
modern history to land such a number of
men, fully provided with all the necessa
ries, in a hostile country. I cannot
fathom the lack of Spanish opposition."
Commodore Schley thinks the Spanish
naval officers will, as a last >re.sort, de
stroy their ships by blowing them up.
A Cuban spy who was recently In San
tiago de Cuba says a reign of terror ex
ists among all classes there owing to the
nightly attacks of the Vesuvius with the
terrible explosion of her dynamite guns.
A week ago to-night one of her shells,
striking Cayo Smith, demolished several
warehouses and a fort there, besides dis
mounting several guns. Windows, it also
appears, were broken in the city and the
general effect was similar to that of an
earthquake among the soldiers and citi
zens.
FOUGHT WHILE THEIR
THROATS WERE PARCHED
LONDON. June 27.— A dispatch to the
Dally News from Port Antonio, Jamaica,
says: The conditions In which the Amer
icans entered the battle at Sevllla shows
that their fighting was really magnificent.
When attacked they were hysterical and
half out of their minds. All courage
would have been scorched out of less
thoroughbred men. Their tongues were
swelled for thirst and their throats shriv-
"Hell," said a. survivor, "has no terrors
for me now."
The Americans appear to be suspicious
of the insurgents, who could be of im
mense assistance in bushwhacking.
"Hut how can we be sure," said an
American officer, "that any one of them
is not a Spaniard, ready to lead us into
trouble? We can't talk their nigger Cas
tilian and when they guide us we have
to go it blind. We should trust them
completely or not at all."
DEATH ENDS
HIS OUTING
Robert McMurray Is No
More.
YIELDS TO A BRIEF ILLNESS
THE CAPITALIST A VICTIM OF
CHOLERA MORBUS.
Summons Comes While He and Sev
eral Friends Are on a Fishing
Jaunt in Nevada
County.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEVADA CITY, June 27.— The body
of Robert McMurray of San Francisco
arrived to-night from Graniteville, in
the northeastprn part of this county,
where he died early yesterday morning
of cholera morbus. In the morning it
will be shipped to San Francisco for
burial.
Mr. McMurray loft here on Friday
with a party of Nevada City friends on
a fishing excursion to the mountain
lakes. Arriving at Faucherie he was
stricken, probably from over-indul
gence in cold water on the trip, and be
fore a physician from here arrived on
Saturday night he was past medical
aid. Yesterday morning he was brought
back to Granlteville, where he passed
away before his wife, who left home
last evening and was hurried thrmmh
on special trains and carriages, could
reach him.
Mr. McMurray came to Nevada City
early in the fifties and was engaged in
lumbering and mining, being for a time
a partner of Robert Morrow and A. E.
Head. For many years he has been
manager for the Eureka Lake Com
pany, and was an owner in various Ne
vada County mines. Ten years ago he
moved to San Francisco, but retained
extensive mining and other interests
here, spending much time in the
county.
Mr. McMurray was well known not only
in San Francisco, but throughout this
State as well. He was a pioneer, having
come here In early days, and had always
been actively engaged In mining ven
tures on a largre scale. He owned very
extensive mines on the San Juan ridge
in Nevada County. There h<_' operated th'«
larg*j*t hydraulic plant "In the world
The deceased was a member of the State
Minors Association and always took a
prominent part in tho affairs of the or
ganization. Mr. McMurray took a very
active part In Republican politics but
would never accept office. Whenever
Nevada County needed assistance In any
manner no one more quickly responded
than ho did. He was liberal and peneroua
to a fault. If at any time during a cam
paign funds were needed Mr. McMurrav
always was on" of the first to respond
During the World's Columbian Expo
sition at Chicago Mr. McMurray wiw ap
pointed a Commissioner from this State
This was the only puhlio office lie ever
could be Induced to accept. i
Mr. McMurray was about GO years ot
age. He loaves a widow and an" adoptea
daughter, who were summoned from the
family home. 2106 Pacillc avenue, to his
deathbed last night.
PLACING OBSTACLES^
IN CAMARA'S WAY
Washington Protests Against the
Spanish Ships Coaling at
Port Said.
NEW YORK. June 27.-The Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald tel
egraphs: Every obstacle possible will
be thrown in the way of Camara's
fleet by the American Government. The
American Consul at Port Said has pro
tested against permitting the Spanish
fleet to refill its bunkers with coal
there. In addition instructions have
been cabled to Embassador Hay to
make proper representation to the Brit
ish Foreign Office. It is claimed by the
Washington officials that the coaling
of Spanish ships -U Port Said or Suez
both of which are British ports, will be
in violation of neutrality fur the rea
son that it would be making such ports
bases of operations against the Ameri
can squadron in the far East. By pre
venting the enemy's ships from procur
ing coal at either end of the canal the
administration feels that it will greatly
embarrass the operations which Ca
mara's squadron may be required to
perform.
If more than twenty-four hours
should elapse before the dispatch is
received regarding the protest against
the Spanish ships coaling at either
Port Said or Suez a second protest may
be filed by the United States against
permitting Spanlßh men-of-war to re
ADVERTISEMENTS, j __„ __~~.
If It Costs a Fortune-All Right— lt Carries a Point.
UNSEASONABLE WEATHER==
WAR!!
Sale of the Season!
THE CHOICE OF THE HOUSE!
The above headlines are three great elements which compel us to
inaugurate an advanced stride and place on the market close on to two
thousand All-Wool Garments hitherto sold for $10.00, $12. and $15.00.
_ The present conditions compel us
W^*^ vf<i^^^^l lt^^^s."^^^ *° resort to the greatest reductions ever
Bgp j^sßh^/^V- ~':i '■ .^"^ made — and made legitimately — by any
ffi JS&BS3B&QgSjgOF9M& ;■*■ %. W&l a clothing firm,
£$$ '*• '•■; / ;./, ; '/'■'■- The failure of crops, combined with
JPI IS&feß— a^ J&alSxtii the war crisis and unseasonable
nipilfuiij ' ' ' Wj^r iffiyTlHr^^^SSl^a wea tner, has created stagnation in com-
iTr iHwlS' wwiffim merce. At the same time we do not
i^^o%o!y tm a^H complain, for we know in the end the
lfla«u llj man MM g|^^v \^i victories of our country are sure to
K^TO yy mm. m l& S victories of our country are sure to
tt|L of. J fflffhiwiift^^ nftltiM re store confidence in the public, andthe
t?!ss* s^^^^^fM man millions of dollars spent by our
Hfiffrfplk ofes!s*£Z : £'£k Government will commence to circu-
X iHHk /iw&Mk ISPlstJi' £'• a^ e an d revive commerce to its original
Hk - ' j£a stan dard. In the meantime we do not
r t /-\\'- intend to remain idle. We have heavy
■™*™^" ii * 1^ - liabilities which must be met, for our
expenses and obligations go on just the
same. Therefore, we take the bull by the horns, pulling the prices down
on several hundred different linos of all-wool garments made up in the
latest New York fashions — the richest, rarest and most artistically tailored
garments in the land.
Earlier in the season some of them sold as high as $15.00, but now
the choicest can be had for $7.65. They are not what may be termed a
sample line, but a stock so vast and varied that the most hypercritical can be
suited with the greatest ease. Each and every garment is a gem of its kind.
The finest dresser in the land cannot wear finer than the pick of these
$7,65 garments. To describe the style: We claim they are the Latest
Season's Cut in Single and Double Breasted Sacks, trimmed with rich
mohair serge and Farmer's satin, consisting of Cheviots, Worsteds, Cas-
simeres, Serges and Tweeds — colorings of Brown, Havana Browns, Grays,
Slates, Blue and Blacks.
In our Children's Department we give Ri£^ t^^fl^^^^. ■^f**'
you one of the most pleasing surprises ever i^>^^^^^^^^^^^^7^
experienced in oil your dealings and shop- JFJ^^^^^jßßßßmEhS^
pings for children's or boys' clothing, placing on M&s§§M^P MSW 49 ■&
sale about forty different lines of Children's and W^m Jar M^Mb |<^
Boys' suits, comprising about 2400 suits in all. bL^Bb Srnfc^\|T| grfttSr Jm
Every single suit stylish and up-to-date STJra H 'o^^^^M
and guaranteed as to durability, reliability and lllfcJiß W? J&^b^ W
workmanship. Jjj& ar JB -W
The assortment of lovely garments con- k^^|fctHffiffll^| fSEsStarJ
sists of cunning specimens representing chick vr dk
and style for the little fellows in ages from 3to 8, *&***. , iffif ■
and a splendid selection of Reefer Suits for boys 4to 1O ; also several lines
of Sailor Suits. For the larger boys, those between the ages of 9 and IS,
we can please you with an assortment which is simply grand. Not one of
the suits is worth less than $5.00 and $5.50, and some of them are worth
more, but during this sale they go at the surprisingly low price of
» i.
TlB Market Street.
main in British waters for a longer
period. . , .
With the difficulties besetting the
path of Camara, and with the Spanish
peninsula in danger of bombardment
by American men-of-war, it is believed
in official circles he will return home.
It is appreciated that the squadron
was forced from Cadiz by the public,
and it may be that opinion may still
force Camara to go to his doom in the
far feast. But every day's delay is
beneficial to this Government in that
it insures the arrival of re-enforce
ments for Rear Admiral Pewey in ad
vance of the Spanish squadron.
Sergeant Russell's Career.
TROY, N. V., June 27.— Sergeant Mar
cus D. Russell, who fell at the battle
of La Quasina, was born in this city
thirty-two years ago. He was grad
uated from St. John's Military Acad
emy. Sing Sing, and while there was
an intimate friend of William Astor
Chanler. He was a member of a firm
of wholesale dealers in oils, paints and
glass in this city. In the spring of 1594
he was married to Miss McGavish of
Tennessee. He enlisted in the Sixth
Separate Company, N. G. N. V., August
12, 1884, and Berved his term. On Janu
ary 1, 1889, he was appointed an aid de
camp with rank of colonel on the staff
of Governor D. B. Hill.
Spaniards Claim Victories.
MADRID, June 27.— An official dis
patch from Havana Just received here
says the insurgents have been beaten
in several encounters in the provinces
of Havana and Pinar del Rio. Another
dispatch from the same source says:
"The Americans bombarded Agrua
dores from 10 o'clock in the morning to
3 o'clock in the afternoon. Four Span
iards were wounded. The Americans
are bivouacked around Siboney."
Confirmed by the Senate.
WASHINGTON, June 27.— The Senate in
executive session to-day made the follow
ing confirmations: Edward Mills of Ever
ett, Wash., to be agent for the Indians of
the Tulalip agency in Washington. Wal
ter J. Reed of Cle-Elum, Wash., to be re
ceiver of the land office at North Yakima,
Wash. William F. Dunn of Wyoming to
be commissary of subsistence, with th<j
rank of captain. Also many other ap
pointments in the army and navy.
Potter Palmer's Contribution.
CHICAGO. Juno 7!.— Mayor Harrison to
day received from Potter Palmer a check
for $3000 as a contribution to the Army
and Navy League's relief fund.
PIES.
We venture io say there is not foun^
In quality, price or size,
On any street, in all the town,
The equal of our Blackberry Pies, j
10 Cents.
Home-made fruit pies. They all buy
'em, they all try 'em, they all like 'em;
they all praise 'em and order more. "If 1
you do not get them why not?
CASH ; STORE'
SLEDS, BOATS, ETC.
. 1 75-horse power Roberts boiler. 1 W-hors«
power Scotch marine boiler, metallic lifeboats,
BO wooden boats of all descriptions can be seen,
at 718 Third street. GEO. W. KNEASS.
56
TUESDAY JUNE 28, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main 186 S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS ...217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
I-HE SAN FRA?NCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In trjls city end surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per montlj :
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mail. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room ISB. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
Washington <d. cj office Rififia Hous*
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. CEOKGL: KHOGNESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay.
cpen until 9:30 o'clock- 367 Hayes street," open until
9:30 o'ctook- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open urjtli 9:30 o'clock
194! Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 229! Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
//ission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh)
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW- corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky street*, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENT* ,
Columbia— "Fort Frayne "
R Baldwin-" The Passion Play--'
California— "Uncl Tom's cabin."
Alcazar— tie rick the Great
Morosco's— -The Gcssoon
"Boccaccio"
Orpheum— Vane villa.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Red Cross Benefit.
The Chutes— Zoo, Vaudeville and Cannon, the cis-pound Man.
Olynipia— Corner Mason and Eddy streets, Specialties.
Butro'a Swimming 1 .
El Cam po— dancing. boating, fishing, every Sunday.
Oakland Racetrack— Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By Frank W. Butterlield-This day, June 23, Furniture, at
10U (*olden Gate avenue, jit 11 o clock.
THE EXPECTED, HAPPENS.
WHEN the news of the great sound money vic
tory in Oregon was under discussion at Wash
ington, that picturesque Populist, Lewis, is
quoted as having said: "We dragged the Repub
licans into this war, thinking we had digged a pit for
our neighbor. Now we have got it where the chicken
got the ax."
All free silver men are not as cynically candid as
Lewis. It was foreseen at the time that before long
some of the silver leaders would set up the theory
that the war is a part of the great gold conspiracy,
and that it has been undertaken by the administration
for no other purpose than that of enabling the gold
men to carry out their wicked schemes by distracting
popular attention from financial issues. That which
was expected has happened.
In a recent issue the Denver Times says: "The
Republican party managers, assisted by the full power
and influence of the national administration, are mak
ing strenuous endeavor to sidetrack the currency is
sue by a prolongation of the war with Spain. By
this means they doubtless hope to divert the public
mind from study of the financial question, and under
the enthusiasms of a patriotic war gradually wean
them from the bimetallic cause."
This cry having been be'trun it will soon wax louder
and become wilder and madder. By and by we may
expect to hear that the gold men bunkoed Bryan
into enlisting and then shanghaied him out of the
country. Such a campaign cry as that would make
many a silver district howl during the coming can
vass, and in all probability prove as effective as any
other. It i? a strange change, however, from the
assertion made by Bailey not long ago that '"this is
a Democratic war," and by Lewis that the Democrats
dragged the Republicans into it.
THjE MINING CONGRESS.
IT is gratifying to note that the Infernational Min
ing Congress which is to assemble at Salt Lake
City early in July is receiving considerable atten
tion in the East, and even in Europe. According to
reports it is probable delegates will be present from
all the principal mining countries of the world and the
gathering will be one of the most notable ever held
in the West.
The proposed congress is an outgrowth of the
gold miners' convention held at Denver last year.
That assembly was successful in so many respects that
it encouraged the holding of a larger assembly draw
ing its delegates from all parts of the world and repre
senting all branches of mining. At the congress,
therefore, the whole wide field of mining interests of
all kinds will be considered and the results can hardly
fail to be both interesting and instructive.
The assembly is certain to promote the movement
started by the miners of California to provide for a
better governmental supervision of the mining in
terests in this country. Although the United States
is richer in mineral resources than any other nation
in the world, and has a larger mineral output than
any, less has been done for the industry by our Gov
ernment than by many others.
The Denver convention, following the lead of the
State Miners' Convention in this city, declared for the
establishment of a Department of Mines and Mining
with a Cabinet officer at the head. The same course
will probably be taken at the coming congress. Cer
tainly it is time to provide for a better supervision
and regulation of the vast interests and industries in
volved in mining, and to bring about that improve
ment will be one of the most important considerations
with which the Salt Lake meeting will have to deal.
One of the evening papers presented a picture of
the departure of the third expedition which is worth
saving. It would not look well in an art gallery,
but as an addition to the curios in the park museum
would be hard to beat.
It can hardly be believed that Campos desires to
establish a dictatorship. He is about the only Span
ish statesman with a reputation for eanity, and he
ought to cling to it.
Even if the Merrimac does not completely block
the channel to Santiago harbor Cervera thought it
did, and the effect was about the same.
Unless the string attaching Camara's fleet to Cadiz
be pulled pretty soon there will be trouble with Ca
mara at the unpleasantest end of it.
"Despair rules in Havana," says the telegraph.
Well, there is necessity for rule of some kind, and
Blanco seems to be incompetent.
It would almost seem that the patriots already
reaching for rich jobs in the islands had chipped into
the game rather early. . , , -„_.
THE EXAMINER'S DEMOCRACY.
I"~*HE Examiner in searching for argument and
authority to back up its "great national policy,"
including the annexation of Hawaii, debts and
coolies, and the purchase of West Indian coaling
stations, creates what it wants and argues from it as
H the fact existed. Advising that the example of
England be followed, it says: * * * "England's
institutions are as free and democratic as our own."
This throws light on the Examiner's ideas of free
dom and Democracy. England maintains a state
church, supported by tithes, and not by voluntary
contributions. Of this church the monarch is the
head. It is true that there is religious toleration
and the coronation oath has a clause protecting the
independence of the Scottish church, as provided in
the Act of Union j/Oi. But all bodies of noncon
formists exist and are administered by voluntary act
of their communicants.
Again, England has entail and primogeniture.
When Jefferson, who used to be quoted as authority
on freedom and democracy, set up in Virginia his
working model of this republic, he separated church
and state, abolished tithes and put an end to entail
and primogeniture. This gave absolute religious
equality and freedom, and enabled the partition of
estates equally between the lawful heirs, instead of
entailing to the oldest son. According to the Ex
aminer. Jefferson was wrong, and a union of church
and state, primogeniture and entail are right, and
constitute institutions "as free and democratic as our
own." It has been held heretofore that freedom of
inheritance and liberty to acquire and to distribute
real property, and non-union of church and state,
were peculiarly the jewels in the crown of American
democracy. Perhaps the Examiner will now put
their abolition and a return to all that Jefferson abol
ished among the features of its great national policy.
England has a House of Lords, as the upper cham
ber of her Parliament. It is composed of Peers and
Bishops, the lords spiritual and temporal. These
are not elected by the people. They hold their of
fices by virtue of their birth. The lords temporal
are the beneficiaries of primogeniture and entail. As
such an institution is declared by the Examiner to
be "as free and democratic as our own," it should go
back to the policy of the Federalists and advocate a
Federal Senate, wherein the members hold for life
and transmit their office with their estate to their old
est sons.
The Examiner's idea of our Government is fur
ther expounded in the same editorial utterance, to
this effect: "It is in the power and right of Con
gress to devise any sort of system that may apply
to the conditions of such outside dependencies, and
th is power n in no wist hmited by the national con
stitution."
That is enough to make the framers of the con
stitution groan and shiver in their dust. The Na
tional Constitution, Article i, Section VIII, says:
"The Congress shall have power," and proceeds to
enumerate under eighteen heads the powers and
authority granted to Congress. Then, in the ninth
amendment, adopted by Congress at its first session
in 1789, is this: "The powers not delegated to the
United States by the constitution, nor prohibited by
it to the States, are reserved to the States respec
tively or to the people." Hence not even the widest
latitudinarian in construction of the constitution has
e\er pretended that Congress, or either of the co
oidinate branches of the Federal Government, can
exercise any power or authority not granted to it by
the constitution.
The Federal Government, created In that instru
ment by the people, is one of granted and enumer
ated powers, and is limited to those powers exclu
sively. The historic rule of construction laid down
by the writers in the Federalist, and followed to this
day, is that the Federal Government may do only
what the constitution grants and the States may do
nothing which it prohibits. The Federal limitation
of power is in the terms of granted authority. The
State limitation is in the terms of prohibited author
it}'. The Examiner jumps this all, and declares Con
gress to be "in no wise limited by the constitution,"
and that it can use powers and exercise authority not
granted by that instrument which creates it.
In the light of this monstrous proposition the
people may see what lies ahead in the annexation of
Hawaii. L T nlimited by the constitution Congress
may set up in the islands such labor system as "the
conditions require," a system at war with that given
to us by the same body. In this way the addition
of every such "dependency" will mean the adaptation
of legislation to tropical conditions and the need of
cheap and servile labor to compete with home labor
paid and living on a white scale and in temperate
zone conditions.
If anything were needed to alarm fabor here and
warn it of coming distress this Examiner declaration
supplies it.
THE CURRENCY QUESTION.
A RECENT canvass of the members of the House
of Representatives has disclosed the fact that
140 Republicans — two-thirds of the party
sticngth in the House — are in favor of taking action
upon the currency bill at this session. Upon this
showing a warm debate has sprung up in the East
upon the expediency of the suggested policy. There
are those who hold that the House should do what
it can to bring about the needed monetary reform at
once, and throw upon the Senate the responsibility
of delay. There are others who maintain that as it
clear the bill cannot be carried through the Senate, it
would be inadvisable to precipitate that issue upon
the country during the war.
The New York Mail and Express, a strong cur
rency reform paper, opposes an immediate considera
tion of the question on the ground that the financial
affairs of the Government have entered upon a period
of great and important changes. The national debt
is increasing, there will be some inflation of the cur
rency from the issue of treasury certificates and the
enlarged coinage of silver and the results of increased
taxation will have a modifying effect upon the finan
cial affairs of the country. All this may produce
monetary conditions a year hence which could not
be anticipated by any legislation enacted now.
The argument on the other side is that the public
mind is ripe and ready for the reform. The passage
of the measure would be the tactical and logical se
quence of the great sound money victory in Oregon.
As one of the earnest advocates of prompt action has
said: "It would be the occupation by the main
body of the position conquered by the advance guard.
Those of the people who remember the past and
foresee the future are urgent for the Republican party
to complete its work in financial legislation by the
permanent insurance of the currency system from po
litical attack."
The Call stands with those who favor action by
the House at once. If there is to be further delay
in settling this long vexed issue the responsibility
should be placed where it belongs. The busings
interests of the nation have suffered a great deal by
the postponements of monetary problem-, in the past,
THE SAX FRAKCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 28, 1898.
and will continue to be harassed more or less so
long as they remain unsolved. The very arguments
used by the Mail and Express against action tell
strongly on the other side. Since the public debt is
increasing and the currency is being inflated, it is
time to place our whole monetary system upon a
sound and permanent basis.
A LESSON FROM THE NfIVY.
PUBLIC interest in the war has led the average
citizen to give closer attention to military and
naval affairs than has been his custom, and as
a consequence he is learning much. Out of the new
knowledge have come new ideas. There is a grow
ing belief that we might profitably apply in our civil
administration some of the methods of the army and
navy, and suggestions to that end have been put
forth in different parts of the country.
The Albany Argus, for example, has found what
it considers a good precedent to follow in the case
of Engineer Menocal, who, it will be remembered,
has been recently court-martialed for neglect of duty.
The Argus puts the case thus: "Instead of giving
his personal attention to the work, Menocal trusted
it to his inferiors, and employed such men as the
pressure of politics might put upon him. The pro
ceedings, findings and sentence in the case have been
duly approved by the acting Secretary of the Navy;
and Menocal is suspended from duty for three years,
on furlough pay only — and why? Because he de
liberately set out to defraud the Government? No
such evidence appears. The worst offense charged
against Menocal was neglect of duty."
The Argus maintains that there arc many officials
in charge of State or municipal work in New York
who ought to be dismissed as promptly as Menocal,
because they have been equally negligent. The as
sertion will probably go unchallenged. Certainly it
would not have been challenged in this State had it
been said of California and her various municipali
ties. It is therefore to be regretted, since the foun
dation of its argument is so sound, that the Argus
did not point out the means by which the removals
could be made, and suggest the body to be intrusted
with the duties of the court-martial.
A court-martial by the Board of Supervisors, by
a Grand Jury or even by a committee of the Legisla
ture would not be a spectacle to be proud of. The
actions of such a court-martial, constituted either
way, would hardly do more than add another funny
episode to the great farce comedy of American polit
ical life. It is better to bear the ills we have than
fly to others we know not of. We have trouble
enough getting along with the officials in charge of
the construction of the Hall of Justice under the ex
isting order of things, and it might be something
like the opening up of hades if there were a local
court-martial, as well as a Board of Supervisors and
a Grand Jury, before which we could hale the archi
tect and the contractors.
TREAT THEM ALL ALI^E.
ACCORDING to a contemporary Gus Smith and
Bob Jackson, two pea and shell game men,
were arrested on Saturday evening and locked
up. They were taken in by a detective attached to
the Police Department on suspicion of having de
frauded a resident of Fort Bragg of $10. This gen
tleman called at the* station soon after they had been
landed and identified them, whereupon they were
"booked" on a charge of robbery.
Of course, it is proper to commend the detectives
for the prompt arrest of these two pea and shell game
sters, but while withholding from them nothing that
is their due, we cannot refrain from inquiring why
they do not perform their duty in another direction?
It is notorious that Gavin McNab and his partners,
Gould and Alford, are playing a pea and shell game
upon the Democratic party of this city. Why are
they not arrested and locked up? Smith and Jack
son were taken in for defrauding a verdant gentle
man from Fort Bragg of $10. McNab has already
bunkoed 30,000 Democratic voters in this city and is
abcut to play the same game upon the entire Demo
cratic party of the State, comprising upward of 125,
000 men. He openly declares that he intends to ap
point one-third of the State Convention and to nomi
nate the entire Democratic ticket in this city.
Why do not the police lock up Me Nab, Gould and
Alford? That is the burning question. They take
Smith and Jackson in for stealing $io. McNab and
his two coadjutors have not only stolen the Demo
cratic organization of this city, but they are about to
steal a portion of the State organization. What is
the character of the thing we call justice in San
Fiancisco? Are small rascals to be punished and
big ones left to ply their nefarious arts unmolested?
A3 we understand it, the pea and shell game, as
played by "Whispering" Gavin, is irresistible. This
is to say, the Democracy is compelled to guess the
location of the pea. It cannot escape the blandish
ments of the wily Scottish boss, for he has it in the
door. Even if it were sufficiently wide awake to
beat McNab at his own game, that worthy would
finally get away with it, for he has control of its
organization and may resort to "raw" methods any
time he pleases. It is idle, therefore, to warn the
Democracy and suggest that it strike for liberty. It
is impossible for its voters to shake off the iron grip
which McNab, Gould and Alford have upon its
throat. There is but one thing to do and that is to
call on the police to arrest the three pea and shell
operators. Why should Smith and Jackson be be
hind the bars and McNab, Gould and Alford at large?
All pea and shell men should be treated alike.
It is hard to understand how the Government of
ficials can have the slightest excuse for the fact that
some of the men from Tennessee should be in need
of food or shelter. That celebrated "state of un
preparedness," which has covered more sins than char
ity ever could, is out of date.
Even the riches of the Klondike, whatever they
may be, are not worth trying to reach in a rotten
boat. Survivors among several sets of prospectors
believe this fully now.
An exchange writes of Weyler as a man "who has
outlived himself." It is realized with regret that he
ha* also outlived a considerable number of better
people.
When Spain's Minister of Marine says Camara can
crush Dewey he draws attention to himself as a viru
lent type of the Spanish diplomat.
Perhaps the rumor that Spain has some new war
ships is due to the fact that she sees the ghosts of
those she used to have.
When the report that Captain Bob Evans has been
killed expects to get believed it must not come by
way of Madrid.
General Shafter seems to be another of these mili
tary chaps who- has no time to send essays by tele
graph. ■
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS
J. W. Stitt of Vacaville la at tho Bald
win.
JI. M. Gragg of Monterey is at the Oc
cidental.
John C. Fisher of San Diego Is at the
Baldwin.
Miliard R. Green and wife are registered
at the Palace.
Frank H. Buck of Vacaville is stopping
at the Palace.
M. Toi and T. Tsukada are registered
at the Palace.
George L,ins?o, the well-known cattleman,
is at the Russ.
T. B. Turnin of Gallatin, Term., is a
guest at the Occidental.
G. E. Gelm, ensign of the Bennington,
is staying at the Palace.
M. H. Isoard, a merchant of Nevada
City, is stopping at the Grand.
C. Mix and M. M. O'Dell of Bakers
field are registered at the Russ.
"Warden Hale
is in town with
a fund of stories
which he tells in
his characteristic
way. His latest is
fresh from the
A MIND
DESTROYING <
PROBLEM. \
prison yar<ls and
the reading public had better not ques
tion its veracity, for the Warden is a
dangerous man either in or outside the
prison walls whenever the truth of his
stories is called Into question.
One of the prisoners recently arrived
at San Quentin prided himself on possess
ing a peculiar inventive ability. His mind
was of that active sort that always
works on problems, both mythical and
actual. The solving of the Chinese puz
zle or finding the continuation of an ar
ticle in a yellow newspaper from one
page to another were labors which
aroused his particular delight. Warden
Hale recounts many interesting incidents
which show this belated prisoner to be a
man of intellectual achievements as far
as the analytic and synthetic operations
of the mind go.
The latest problem which has beset
him grew out of the great rise in the
price of wheat. That this sudden ad
vance In the value of wheat, far-reaching
in its results, should not weigh too heav
ily on the multitudes the prisoner whose
penchant is the solving of great prob
lems — metaphysical, mathematical or
economic— began to work on the eccentric
puzzle of how to make a doughnut, util
izing the least amount of dough. The
reason of the selection of the doughnut
instead of other wheat-made articles the
"Warden charges to a preference of taste.
After many hours of concentrated
thought and a thorough and particular
investigation of all the latent possibili
ties of an economy in the manufacture
of the great 10-cent accompaniment of
coffee, the prisoner came to the conclu
sion that if he made the hole larger
dough would he savod and a boon con
ferred upon humanity. Still, this did not
satisfy him. Something there was that
was lacking— that he neglected in his
categorical consideration of the problem.
More painful hours of calculation were
consumed and at last the mist was
rleared. The prisoner discovered that the
Inr.-rer the circumference of the hole the
more dough it would take to surround it.
He has now been moved from San Quen
tin to Stockton.
Dr. A. A. Milliken and wife of Fort
Jones are staying at the Grand.
John F. Dennis, a mining man of Pres
cott, Arizona, Is stopping at the Russ.
Garrison Turner, a well-known grain
merchant of Modesto, is at the Grand.
Henry Hebron, a prominent hop grower
of Healdsburg, is stopping at the Russ.
S. Migliavaeca, who is largely interested
In vineyards of Napa County, Is at the
Baldwin.
David S. Jordan has returned from a
scientific expedition to New Mexico and is
at the Occidental.
J. W. Browning, one of the biggest
ranchers along the Sacramento River, Is
staying at the Grand.
A. E. Oshorn, superintendent of tho
Home for the Feeble Minded at Eldrldge,
is registered at the Grand.
Mrs. Samuel McMurtrie, the wife of the
railroad contractor of the coast division
of the Southern Pacinc. arrived last night
from the East, accompanied by her two
daughters, her mother and Robert Eas
ley, her brother.
DALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
"WASHINGTON. June 27 — L. Symons of
Los Angeles and Louis Worth of Oak
land are in the city.
OUR UNDRESS WAR REHEARSAL
Is it pnssible to imagine any other
country engaging in war and then begin
ning to create an army? Against a first
class enemy the undertaking of this
would have been suicidal. "Wo have also
been taking State troops that are all
right for the local purposes of State
troops and have destroyed their organi
zation and discipline to make a nation
al army. And it has been almost as hard
to make a national army out of them as
it would have been to leave them at
home and recruit an army de novo from
fresh volunteers.
As a result of the very crude dress re
hearsal we have gone through in our
preparation of the part of respectable
military power, we have lenrned the les
son inculcated by Washington, that the
time to prepare for war is in time of
peace. As the result of our experience it
is not probable that we shall ever be
found again with a standing army smaller
than 100,000, and with it the machinery
for enlisting, training and equipping
many times that number of men. Muc-h
loss of time and waste of good material
have been incurred, but It will not be
wholly a loss, since the country will have
l^nrned to appreciate the fa"ct that it
takes as long and is just as technical and
professional a task to create an army aa
to build a ship.— Minneapolis Times.
FAUNA OF POLITIANA.
The New York Press has found out
some facts in "new natural history" and
proceeds to describe "some of the animal
things with habitat in New York" as fol
lows: Tigris Mayor, also known as the
little BobDy-tailed tiger. The smallest and
most unintelligible of the tiger tribe.
Notable ch;efly for his voraciousness. Has
been known to eat 4-11-44 pounds of beef
steak at one meal. More vicious than any
other of his family. Cannot be tamed
and snarls incessantly.
Lemur Legis, Great Counsel Lemur,
known also as Wild Night Howler. Harm
less, but exceedingly noisy. Lives up a
tree and chatters over nuts whicu it can
not crack. Was once considered sacred
by the Tammanies, a tribe of Cannibals
who looked upon it as an oracle.
Coler Simplex, commonly called Con
troller Bird. A parrot-like bird, particu
larly adept in imitating the chattering of
the Great Counsel Lemur. Builds no
nests of its own, but lives in mare's nests
Hessian Fly. One of the worst pests in
the country. Was Imported in the bed
ding straw of the imported mercenaries
in the Revolution and has been a noxious
part of the fauna ever since then. Comes
from a yellow larva and is born in Jkiay
Sometimes confounded with the Mulberry
worm, a slimy creature which lives on
the mulberry plant. Hard to exterminate
as it shifts from place to place, accord
ing to the food supply.
SPANISH PRIDE.
When Spain lost Its South American
colonies through their sucessful revolt,
nearly every one of them had actually
overthrown Spanish rule and set up a
government of its own which was offi
cially recognized by the other nations of
the world long before Spain would treat
with it as an independent nation; The
Argentine Republic, for example, was
not recognized by Spcin until 1542, Vene
zuela was not recognized until 1545 and
Peru not until 1853, notwithstanding that
all had maintained Independent existence
since 1825 or earlier, and had been receiv
ed without question into the family of
nations.
In this same connection It is significant
to note that the full title of the King of
Spain is for the most part an enumera
tion of a list of possessions that have
long been lost to that kingdom. It Is only
the Spanish mind that could find pleas
ure in recalling with such silly bombast
the glories of the past as if they repre
sented the power of the present But
such is the Spanish idea of dignity and
such is the absurdity which Spanish
pride Inspires.— Chicago Record.
THE GOLDEN SONS OF THE EF
FETE EAST.
(With Apologies to Rudyard Kipling.)
I.
Have you heard of the swell Astor battery?
With its well-chosen Jeunesse doree.
Who left valets behind, who were much grieved
to fir.d
That their dress suits at home had to stay.
(Sweet dress suits, that home had to stay).
They're as high as a Pattl night ticket;
They've more airs than all phonographs
boast ;
And 'twas worth lots of tin. Just to see them
come in.
With their monocles turned on this coast,
(Gold monocles turned on this coast).
Then here's to the swell Astor batten.
And here's to their smart brand-new guns;
And their rich gloves that must bo thrown off
in the dust
If they want to be Mars' useful sons.
(Good gracious: red Mars' useful sons.)
11.
Walk wide of the swell Astor battery!
For half of New England it owns;
You may go out to meet, and strew orchids
. on street.
But how dare you accost them with bones.
(Rich beggars! With vulgar ham bones.)
A sandwich may do for a Kansan,
A cookie may rouse Texan Joy,
And a nice steaming bowl of good coffee may
roll
Down the throat of a Tennessee boy.
(Glad throat of a Tennessee boy.)
But these- to the pride of that battery;
To the pride that from head to heel runs!
'Twas worth taking a trip, Just to curl up
your lip
At a kindly meant offer of buns.
(Ohl Red Cross! That offer of buns!)
111.
We have heard of the swell Astor battery;
It Is safest to let It alone.
For Us gentleman guard won't let enter the
yard
Any soul to Jack Astor unknown.
(Great Astor and poor great unknown!)
Don't fail to throw violet perfume
On the turf refund your new hand-made tents;
And we really believe that Jack Astor would
grieve
If you had not a nice inlaid fence.
(Dear fellows'. We view through the fence.)
Then here's to the boys of Jack Astor,
Who maybe regret their mistake.
And you know if that's bo, when th» next
transports go
Then they'll surely get coffee and cake.
(Brave fellows In war take the cake:)
THE DEATH RATE IN WAR.
When we see a regiment departing for
the war we commonly think of the perils
of battle the men are going to face. It is
these, indeed, that test their heroism, but
they are not their greatest dangers. The
camp and the march have many more
victims than the battlefield.
The Commissioner of Insurance of "Wis
consin has published a careful study of
the statistics of mortality In the Civil
War that is very Interesting and instruct
ive at this time. He estimates the whole
number of enlistments for various terms
as equivalent to 2,520.i:72 for three years.
The best attainable estimate of mortality
is as follows: Killed or died of wounds,
110.070; died of disease, 224,55»>; deaths
from accident and all other causes. 24.872:
total, 868,528, of 15% per cent of the whole
number of enlistments.
These figures give the death rate per
thousand for a three years' term: From
battle. 47; from disease, 97; from other
causes, 11. The annual average death rate
would thus be: From battle, 15.6 per 1000;
from disease, 32.3; from other causes, 3.6;
total, 52. It may be recalled for the pur
pose of comparison, that the average an
nual death rate of Philadelphia between
ISGI and 1565 was 24.43 per thousand. This,
of course, includes all ages, while the war
figures apply only to those of military
age, so that the comparison cannot be
complete. Even with this important dis
tinction, however, It is seen the deaths
from causes other than the enemy's
fire were one and a half times as great
among the soldiers in the field as among
those who remained at home, while the
deaths from battle were but 30 per cent of
the whole.— Philadelphia Times.
UNITED STATES AND VENEZU
ELA.
President Andrade of Venezuela, deliv
ering an address at the opening of an ex
hibition at Caracas, under the auspices
of the National Association of Manufac
turers, said: "At the present epoch of
our national existence I attach the great
est importance to this display of progress,
for it is a transcendent step toward the
commercial development of our republic.
The great nation of North America, in
that spirit of friendliness ever manifest,
has come to exhibit to us. and to offer for
competition in our markets, its perfected
products, and to show to us the results
of its advancement and powerful indus
trial forces. The United States is march
ing to the front, and we will strive to fol
low in its triumphal wake; we, a young
republic fully alive to the necessity of
progress; they, formed into a powerful
democracy, shedding light from the pure
federalism of their institutions over the
whole of America, and at the same time
Illuminating the continent with the flash
from their furnaces which are furnishing
to mankind the great and marvelous
works of an enlightened civilization. "We
Venezuelans owe a solemn debt of grati
tude to the country of Washington, and
while we open to its citizens our markets
for their industrial products we also ex
tend to them the right hand of fellowship
and a heart full of appreciation for kind
ness extended to us."
COLLEGE MEN AND THE WAR.
In the war with Spain, as in the Civil
War, it i 9 astonishing that so many col
lege-bred men have enlisted and are will
ing to enlist.
Occasionally we find an exception, as
in the case of Professor Charles Eliot
Norton of Harvard University, who is re
ported to have said that it was the mis
sion of the educated to minister to the
lower classes, and that of the uneducated
to do the fighting.
On the other hand, it is gratifying to
find such men as President Andrews of
Brown University, President Chapin of
Tufts College, President Schurman of
Cornell, President Patton of Princeton
and others equ?lly distinguished express
ing a willingness to go to the front.
It is safe to affirm that it is not a blind
impulse of combativeness that inspire^
such men, but rather that expressed by
Professor Albert B. Hart of Harvard
University when he said: "The interest
which the United States has in Cuba is
worth the price of war. It is not a self
ish interest, but simply a just and hon
orable obligation that the island should
be given the chance to exist under a civ
ilized form of government."— St. Louis
Republic.
A FEW SPANISH IDIOMS.
The student of modern Spanish should
observe that there are many words in the
language that correspond to English
words in spelling, but which have an en
tirely different meaning. ,In order to en
able the readers to understand the Madrid
and ■ Havana dispatches, we interpret a
lew of these Spanish terms and phrases-
Brilliant victory-Escape ° f Spanish
fleet from destruction.
Enthusiasm— A happy feeling occa
sioned by the cessation of firing by the
Americans. ~
Spanish courage— Ability to keep out of
range of Sampson's guns.
rv,™ ho^ da " ia ? e — Without annihilation.
Dewey. ■ Yankees-Men like Admiral
.« Amer J enc n defeat-Destruction of a Span
ish fleet by the "cowardly Yankees."
jJjOgPacify-To render desolate; to "Wey
„ "f£ J? c ht '& *l aval battle-To "bottle up"
a t fleet so that the Americans cannot get
fl^°nfl? fl i Ct < da J?} ase upon the enemy— To
™»i? »?°J* c l llea a t the American war
Jf tSWe^if 8 " 11 * WKhin half a mUe
Rn SUS U n C )=h E m? a few of the most ' common
Spanish idioms, which must be learned in
order to understand the dispatches which
SiSolt F a re a pre«. m Spanl3h SOUrCe -
ANSWERS TO COUHESPONDENTS.
LUNDY'S LANE— J. W. L., City. On©
of the best descriptions of the battle of
Lundy's Lane fought between the Amer
icans and the British in Canada one and
one-half miles from Niagara Falls, July
25 ISI4, is to be found in "Daw-son's Bat
tles of the United States," Vol. 2, which
may be seen in the reference room of the
Free Public Library.
CRIME A-SEPOY-Sub.. City. The Cri~
mean war commenced with the declara
tion of war Nov. 1, 1553. Peace was de
clared Feb. 25. 1886. As to the Sepoy re
bellions there was one at Vellore July 10,
1806; one at Madras in ISO 9 and the on? in
India in March, ISST, when many native
regiments in the Bengal army mutinied.
DYNAMlTE— Subscriber, City. Dyna
mite, as generally manufactured, con
sists of infusorial earth, porcelain earth,
coal dust, siliceous ashes or the like sat
urated with about three times its weight
of nitro-plycerin. When exploded it
leaves a white ash with little or no smoke.
It costs more than gun powder, but does
eight or ten times more work.
FOREIGN COINS— W. 8.. City. The
English copper coin described. Issued in
1797 in the time of George 111. is one nf
the largest copper coins ever struck for
England. It is the kind that in its time
wafl known as a cart wheel. The selling
price of such is from 50 cents to SI. The
other piece is a Hamburg two-shilling
piece not quoted in the catalogues. You
would have to submit it to a dealer in
coins.
FOR THE ARMY— Those who spek
commissions in the United State? Army
below the rank of brigadier general must
be versed in mathematics. French, draw
ing, drill regulations of all arms of th»
service, natural and experimental philos
ophy, chemistry, chemical physics, min
eralogy, geology and electricity, history,
international, constitutional and military
law, Spanish, and civil and military en
gineering, and art an<* science 01 war,
and ordnance and gunnerj .
GUN COTTON— Subscriber, City. Gun
cotton is a compound obtained from cel
lulose by treatment with nitric acid. Ex
periments have shown that gun cotton,
if gently ignited by a spark, in the form
of yarn smoulders slowly away; if by
a flame it burns up rapidly and if fired In
the compressed state by a detonating fuse
it explodes with great violence, even
when unconfined. While gunpowder does
not explode at a lower temperature than
600 F.. gun cotton has been knnwn to do
BO at 227. Gun cotton produces neither
smoke nor fouling when fired and does
not heat the gun so much as gun pow
der, though by the rapidity nf it 3 explo
sion it strains the barrel more.
GUERRILLAS— C. R.. City. The nam»
guerrilla was first given to bands nf ir
regular soldiery or armed peasants in
Spain, who harassed Napoleon's armies
during the Peninsular war frnm 1808
to 1814. The name is derived from tho
Spanish and means little war. The guer
rilla bands were led by bandits, who in
spired by hatred of the French and fa
vored by the hilly character of the coun
try, were successful on many occasions.
From Spain the name, guerrilla was
brought to Central America and thence
to the United States. Guerrilla bands in
Mexico and Texas were a source of great
annoyance during the Mexican War.
WHTTE CROSS SOCIETY-E. E. H.,
City. The objects of the White Cross So
ciety were not the same as those of the
Red Cross Society. That was an organi
zation started by the Right Rev. J. B.
Light foot, D. P., Bishop of Durham,
England, in IRS2, the objects of which
werfl ?et forth in the five obligations that
the young men who joined it had to take:
1. To treat all vomen with respect and
endeavor to protect them from wrong
and degradation. 2. To endeavor to put
down all indecent language and coarse
jests. S. To maintain the law of purity
as equally binding upon men as upon
women. 4. To endeavor to spread these
principles among the companions of the
subscriber to the obligations and to help
his younger brothers. 5. To use every
possible means to keep the commandment
"Keep thyself pure."
TO CORRESPONDENTS— The depart
ment of Answers to Correspondents is
always ready to answer questions of q-en
eral public interest, but it cannot under
take to guarantee an answer at a particu
lar time. Last week one correspondent
writing from the interior asked that the
answer be printed on Friday. The letter
of inquiry did not reach this department
until Friday afternoon. Another asked
in a second letter sent three days after
the first why the gut stion was not an
swered. The question asked was one in
volving questions of international law
that required several hours' research in
law books, and as the department has a
great many questions to answer it can
not devote hour after hour on any one
flay to securing an answer, but must de
vote such time to the inquiries of all,
and secure as many answers as
possible. Questions the answer to
which require a long research to obtain
are looked up at such leisure as can he
devoted to them, but none are unneces
sarily delayed. Answers are printed as
soon after being set In type as possible,
and if correspondents do not see the an
swer in print as soon as they expect they
should not feel disappointed.
MILITARY SERVICE— M. X., City. In
case of war any nation has the right to
call upon its citizens. If such citizens
have taken up their residence in the
United States and have not become citi
zens thereof they would be in honor
bound to answer such call, but if they
did not feel inclined to do so this depart
ment has not been able to discover any
law that would authorize the country is
suing the call to come to the United
States and compel them to serve. Thera
are some foreign countries which claim
the military service of all their citizens,
and if they, after expatriating themselves
without having performed that military
service, should return to the country of
their birth, would he required to perform
that duty. For instance, Germany holds
that every one of its citizens must per
form military service. If such an indi
vidual, having left his country without
having performed that service, return to
the )ar.A of his birth, though he may have
become a citizen by naturalization he will
have to do military duty for a period not
longer than he would have had to per
form such originally, unless at the time
he left his country he was given a certi
ficate of exemption. By courtesy the
German Government allows a naturalized
citizen of the United States who owes
military duty to visit Germany for a pe
riod of four months, but if ho remains
beyond that time he is liable to he seized
and forced to perform that duty. Tho
United btates cannot protect a natural
ized citizen compelled in the land of his
birth to perform a duty which he neg
lected to perform before he became a
citizen of the United State*.
Cai. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Celebrate the Fourth with California
fireworks. Buy direct from makers. Cal
ifornia Fireworks Co.. 219 Front st.
Special " Information supplied daily to
business houses and public ,™ e n°*.}? t9t 9
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main no.
WAR TAX ON WAR POETS.
Instead of increasing the tax or license
upon bankers and brokers hereafter it
any money is to be raised for further war
expenditures by new taxation thera
should be a large tax levied upon all po
etic licenses granted in the United States
on and after July 1. 1898. In these days
of war poets, spring poets, streetcar
poets and Cuban correspondents imag
ination is hardly able to grasp an ade
quate idea of the immense revenues
which could be raised for the ration by
even a tax of $2 per head on poetic li
cense in case it should be abused.—isos
ton Advertiser.
The Santa Fe Route sells cut rate tickets to
all points East. St. Paul, $21: Kansas City,
$31; Chicago, $32 60; New York and Boston,
$42 55. Get full particulars at No. 644 Market su
, Volunteers— Put yourselves in fighting trim
with a bottle of Dr. Siegert's Angostura Bit
ters to regulate your digestion.
ACKER'S ENGLISH REMEDY WILL STOP
a cough at any time, and will cure t! : e . If*
cold In twelve hours, or money refund***. .■»■»
Percentag* Pharmacy. ...._. --• — - -THOUSANDS
MORE START
Continued from Second Pagre.
Captain B. H. Bridgman, First Lieutenant
Ostheim and Second Lieutenant E. DA
Pearce. These batteries have six 3.2-inch
breech-loading guns, and are otherwise
finely equipped. They aro going to the
Philippines.
Batteries H and X, of the Third Artil
lery, at the Presidio, will break camp this
morning and go on board the Newport
some time during the day.
First Lieutenant Charles B. Elliott of
Troop C, Fourth Cavalry, has returned
to the Presidio from Los Angeles wher,
he has been stationed for some time on
recruiting service.
Major Klnzie, commanding at Fort
Point, contemplates having "be troops
stationed there engage in a sham battle
■ome day this week. There are now at
itiLr o i h / cc batteries of the Third
Artillery and four companies ° th ° Sixth
California Volunteers. ,
THREE BRIGADES.
Readjustment of 'the Forces
Under Command of Major
General Otis.
The withdrawal of troops from Camp
Merrltt to fill the quota of the third Phil
ippine expedition so badly broke up th«
previous brigade formation that, for ad-
WAVING THE LAST FAREWELL FROM "THE CALL'S" TUG.
ministrative purpose?. Major General Otis
has found it necessary to re'origade the
troops left In camp.
His orders to this effect were '
yesterday afternoon, and are rts follows:
The redistribution of the troops of the divis
ion into provisional brigade formations, ren
dered necessary by the withdrawal of organi
zations which have embarked for the Philip
pine Islands, is hereby made as follows:
First Brigade, Brigadier General M. P. Mil
ler, United States Volunteers, commanding —
Fourth United States Cavalry squadron. Troop
A of the First Nevada Cavalry, Light Bat
teries l) and G, Sixth United States Artillery.
Batteries A and D, California Heavy Artillery
Volunteers, and the remaining battalions of
the Fourteenth. Eighteenth and Twenty-third
United States Infantry.
Second Brigade. Brigadier General Charles
King, United States Volunteer*, commanding —
Twentieth Regiment Kansas Volunteers. First
Regiment Tennessee Volunteers and the re
cruit battalions of the First California, First
Colorado, First Nebraska, Thirteenth Minne
sota and Second Oregon Regiment of Volun
teers.
Third Brigade, Brigadier General H. G. Otis,
United States Volunteers, commanding — Sev
enth Regiment California Volunteers. First
Regiment Montana Volunteers, First Regiment
South Dakota Volunteers, Fifty-first Regiment
lowa Volunteers.
These orders unite the Seventh Califor
nia with the First South Dakota. Fifty
flrst lowa and First Montana tinder the
command of Brigadier General H. O. Otis,
and in order to facilitate the work ot
administration General Otis has decided
AS COLONEL LOPER SAW IT.
Tr;e Con)iT)ander of trje fifty-First lowa Gives rjis Impressions of
the Departure.
Headquarters Fifty-first Infantry, lowa Volunteers,
Camp Merritt, June 27, 1898.
It was a grand, an inspiring sight tome. Those majestic
ships afloat on the rolling, silvery green sea are things of un_
usual beauty to us who live out of sound of the waves. They
were of double interest, crowded as they were from hold to mast
top with thousands of glad, shouting men, flinging smiling good
bys back at their old life of practical certainty, as they
sailed forth, seemingly unconscious of it all, to evils and
woes that they cannot reckon.
It was a sight to swell one's heart, and yet to pain it
with some sad forebodings.
The excursion down the bay with The Call tug was a keen
delight to myself and my men. It was a new and delightful ex
perience and one we would not have enjoyed but for the kind
invitation extended by your paper. You may be sure you have
our hearty thanks .
to move the Seventh from Its present site
near the French Hospital across Point
Lohns avenue to the lot which was va
cated yesterday by the First North Da-
• ral Otis issued the following ordei
rday to Colonel Berry of the Sev
enth:
The commanding officer of the Seventh Cali
fornia Infantry •will on June SS, ISSS, move his
command from the lot now occupied by It into
the lots this day vacated by the First North
Dakota Infantry and the headquarters of the
Fourth Brigade. Two battalions will pitch their
tents on the east side of, the road, on the lot
Just vacated by the First North Dakota In
fantry, and the third battalion will occupy the
north half of the lot. Just vacated by the
commanding general and staff of the Fourth
Brigadcflfßy command of
BRIGADIER GENERAL OTIS.
General Otis, with his staff, will occupy
the quarters recently vacated by Brigii
dier General Mac Arthur.
NORTH DAKOTA.
March of the Battalions From
Camp Merritt to the Trans-
port Valencia.
At the hour of nine yesterday morning
the tented field of the North Dakotas
swayed and swelled for a moment in the
wind, then settled to the ground like a
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 28, 189 S.
Right of great white pigeons. By half
;ifter 10 every stretch «f canvas and every
blanket had been packed Into compact
rolls and bundled into the camp drays
-tarted off for the docks. The boys
Of North Dakota had nothing but the
minutes until noon and a Few miles'
marching between them and thfir boat.
Their march from Camp Merritt began
at noon. The band of the First Montanas
led off and the troops in battalion forma
tion marched after. Lieutenant-Colonol
Truman led his men along- Point Lobos
and Central avenues to Post street, then
by Steiner street tfr Golden Gate avenue
and down by Market to the transport.
All along their march they were cheered
to the echo and given the same sympa
thetic gond-byes, the same kind treatment
and assurances of friendship that their
comrades had been given on the day be
fore. They arrived at their boat with no
doubt in their hearts of the strong friend
ship and sturdy interest they have won
from every Callfornian.
The steamer Valencia will sail about 8
o'clock this morning. All the men and
the pilot were aboard the ship last night.
The commanding officer of the troops re
ft his instructions yesterday after
noon.
Colusa Company in Camp.
OAKLAND, June 27.— The Colusa com
pany, 91 men and officers, arrived to-night
and went into camp here. They were re
ceived and looked after 'by members of
Company F, who loaned them blankets
and other necessaries. They will soon be
joined by the other companies of the regi
ment. .
«,
CONFIDENTIAL ORDERS.
Major General Merritt Gives
Written Instructions to Brig
adier General Mac Arthur.
At 9 o'clock yesterday morning Briga
dier General Mac Arthur, commanding the
third Manila expedition, called on Major
General Merritt to receive his final In
structions, in writing, and which, It Is
natural to presume, were of a character
similar to those given to Generals An
derson and Greene, commanding, respect
ively, the first and second expeditions.
Of course, these Instructions were confi
dential and something in the nature of
sealed orders. The interview was brief
and, after a hearty handshaking, General
Mac Arthur went on board his flagship,
the Indiana, and at once ordered the fleet
to prepare to sail at 1 o'clock If possible.
It was about 2:30, however, before the
four transports were all mov.ng.
It was Impossible to get the Valencia
ready to sail with these steamers. The
North Dakota volunteers went on board
early in the afternoon and the steamer
will take its departure some time to-day.
Major General Merritt, with his staff,
will Bail to-morrow on the Newport. Yes
terday was largely devoted by the staff
at headquarters, in packing up docu
ments, books and office supplies and get
tir.pr everything ready to be put on board
the Newport to-day.
FOURTH EXPEDITION.
Troops Under the Command of
General M. P. Miller or H. G.
Otis May Sail July 9.
With the departure of the third expe
dition to Manila the next question of in
teri st to arise among the officers and
men at Camp Merritt is, When will the
fourth expedition leave and of what
troops will* it be composed?
There has been some talk of sending
all the troops on the next transports to
go, but this plan is not deemed feasible.
From excellent authority It has been
ascertained that the fourth expedition
will sail from here about the 9th of July
with either Miller or Otis in command,
and with Major General Otis accompany
ing the expedition. With the rebrigadlng
of the forces General H. G. Otis has the
Seventh California, Fifty-first lowa,
First South Dakota and First Montana
under his command. To this there will
likely be added the Twentieth Kansas, as
one of the four regiments of the Third
may be dropped and Colonel Funston's
regiment substituted. It is known that
Major General Otis thinks very highly of
Colonel Funston and the Twentieth Kan
sas has greatly improved since ho as
sumed command.
War Incidents.
The Red Cross Society of Berkeley pro
poses to give an entertainment on July
4 in Berkeley for the benefit of the Red
Cross. Upon that occasion the band of
the Seventh California will be present and
give their services for the entertainment.
Private C. B. Wheeler, Battery B, Utah
Light Artillery, who was left behind by
Captain Grant because of physical dis
ability and who since the departure of his
command has been with the Utah troop of
cavalry, was sent to his home in Ogdcn
yesterday by Captain Came. The men of
the troop voted to pay Wheeler's fare out
of their company fund, as he was here
without means waiting for his discharge
proper.
Sergeant James Kelly, Company F,
Eighteenth United States Infantry, who
sailed for Manila, and who was recently
tried by a general court-martial for leav
ing a post of duty while on guard, was
fined $10 and reduced to the ranks. The
approval of the court's sentence punishing
Kelly will be forwarded by General Miller
to Manila.
Private Harry Pepper, Company I,
Twentieth Kansas Regiment, who died at
the French Hospital on Sunday of con
sumption, was buried in the National
Cemetery at the Presidio at 5 o'clock yes
terday afternoon.
The Twentieth Kansas is still twelve
men short of its required strength, and
these men will be recruited in San Fran
cisco.
A sick soldier was taken off the Morgan
City just before sailing time. The tug
Annie was hailed as she was passing and
Captain Titchworth was asked if he
would take the man ashore. He agreed
to do so and Clifford Heath was put
aboard. The Annie then ran in to Mission
street wharf and Heath was takea to the,
Harbor Receiving Hospital. A cursory
examination was made by Dr. Stafford,
and he said it was a case of malignant
sore throat, which might later prove to
be diphtheria. Heath was later removed
to the French Hospital.
Dr. John Yost, a well-known and popu
lar young physician, has been appointed
assistant surgeon of the Eighth Califor
nia, the chief surgeon being Dr. Shiels.
Dr. Yost is the son of John B. Yost, a
member of the firm of H. S. Crocker &
Co.
Captain T. H. Mathew of Company D,
Seventh California, at Camp Merritt, wag
last evening presented with a handsome
sword by Sergeant Lee in behalf of the
company as a token of their appreciation
of his services. All the first officers of
this company were rejected and Captain
Mathews, a perfect stranger, was given
the captaincy and soon proved himself
the right man for the place.
DEATH CLOSED HIS KEY.
E. N. Cadwallader, a Well-Known
Operator, Dies While on a Visit
to This City.
Nothing ever shocked the telegraph pro
fession more than the news of the death
of E. N. Cadwallader, who passed away
while on a visit to this city on Sunday
last. The deceased was beloved by all
who knew him, and he was known
throughout the State and country as be
ing one of the most expert and popular
operators in the business.
He was familiarly known as "Cad" by
his intimate friends, and they attest his
goodness by being deeply grieved by his
sudden demise.
As Associated Press correspondent in
Stockton, he fulfilled the important posi
tion with tact and ability, and his loss
will be deeply felt by his company. He
was in their employ only two years, but
during that short period proved himself
a capable and conscientious worker.
Before accepting the position he occupied
at his death, he held important posts in
Fresno, Seattle, Los Angeles, Reno and
Salt Lake City. His touch was known
from one end of the country to the other,
and for smoothness and reliability he was
unsurpassed.
It was his wont to visit his friends in
this city on Sunday, and he was on one
of these little pleasure trips when he suc
cumbed to a hemorrhage of the lungs.
The operators conected with the Asso
ciated Press and Western Union Tele
graph Company have taken charge of his
body and many will accompany it to San
Jose, where it will be interred from the
residence of his aunt, Mrs. Emma Cad
wallader, a wealthy resident of the Gar
den City. The deceased was about 28
years old. ___________^__ —
ARRANGING FOR A
MAGNIFICENT PAGEANT
FOURTH OF JULY COMMITTEE
STILL HARD AT WORK.
Special Rates Offered by the Rail
roads—A Splendid Military Dis
play Already Assured-
As the annual Fourth of July celebra
tion draws near, the committee in charge
has redoubled its efforts and is working
in harmony with a view to making the
122 d anniversary one long to be remem
bered in the annals of this State. The
committee has had but $3000 to prepare
a celebration, but it has already sue-
ceeded in making arrangements for a day
and night display that promises to out
shine all previous affairs of ita kind.
At the meeting last night, the men who
compose the committee showed earnest
ness and activity. Although little busi
ness was transacted a great deal of time
was devoted to a clear understanding of
each question as it was brought up. Ii
was decided that only legitimate bands
be engaged for the occasion. A com
mittee consisting of the chairman and sec
retary of the executive committee, chair
man of the music committee and grand
marshal will Inquire into the standing of
each band chosen, and see that it is prop
erly uniformed.
Colonel T. P. Robinson will furnish the
executive committee with a tug to view
the regatta the day before the Fourth.
The Harbor Commissioners will bo
thanked for their kindness in extending
the use of a tug on the same day.
Major General Otis has honored his
namesake, Brigadier General Otis, with
the command of the military on the
Fourth. The latter will review the pa
rade. The boys in blue were not ordered
to march, but asked and the Invitation
was unanimously accepted.
The transportation committee assured
the members that many thousands would
come to the city and enjoy the pageant,
as the railroads had offered special rates.
The North Pacific Coast and North Pa
cific will give one rate and the Southern
Pacific one and a half for the round trip —
allowing the visitor to remain over from
Saturday till Tuesday.
Two hundred leading citizens have ac
cepted the invitation of Grand Marshal
Alfred A. Borlini to act as his aids, and
! they, in conjunction with the Signal Corps
' and the First Troop of the National
I Guard will act as escort.
j Beautiful engraved invitations have
been prepared by the committee and will
soon be mailed to honored guests. A neat
ly type-written letter will be sent to prom
' inent residents asking them to decorate
j their homes and places of business so that
the line of march may be a continual
scene of color.
. ■» .
The Hardtmuth lead pencil is the best in
the world. Try the Koh-I-Noor. •
LOYAL HOME HELPEBS.
Good Work Accomplished by the Pa
triotic Society.
Cases of poverty continue to come dally
to the headquarters of the Home Helpers
which need immediate aid, so again the
public Is asked to send donations of food,
clothing or money to room 55, Occidental
Hotel. The placards asking for subscrip
tions will soon be ready and will be placed
in different conspicuous places in the
city.
Ten of the subscription books are now
in the hands of agents and, to avoid any
mistakes, the names of the finance com
mittee are written on the inside, cover of
each book. The following ladles and pen
tleman have already taken books: Mrs.
John Moss, Mrs. M. H. Weed, Mrs. A. D.
Sharon, Colonel I. J. Truman, William
Bunker, Tirey L. Ford, C. K. Benedict,
A. J. Vlning, Colonel Currier. The finance
committee consists of Colonel J. C. Cur
rier, Major William B. Hooper, Mrs.
Lovell White, Hon. Tirey L. Ford, Walter
E. Dean, Mrs. W. E. Dean, Mrs. George
W. Gibbs.
The open public meeting to have been
held Wednesday evening next has been
postponed to Thursday, July 7.
. ■ ♦ . -■
A DISTINGUISHED RUSSIAN.
S. N. Syromiatnikofl Arrives From
St. Petersburg.
8. N. SyromiatnlkofT, a prominent Rus
sian in both political and business affairs
and a resident of St. Petersburg, arrived
last night from the East. A few years
ago Syromiatnikoff visited the Emperor
of China and the crowned heads of the
Occident. He is connected with the
trans-Siberian Railroad and some vast
Russian enterprises. He also represents
a St. Petersburg paper, which he will
furnish with letters on subjects of inter
est to the Russian people in regard to
Occidental questions.
"Fake" Soldier Sent to Jail.
William Bush, a beggar, who was mas
querading as a soldier, was sent to the
County Jail for six months by Judge
Joachimsen yesterday on the charge or
vagrancy. Bush had stolen a soldier's
uniform and was soliciting money from
people on Grant avenue when arrested.
A Pickpocket Held.
Edward Curtis was yesterday held to
answer before the Superior Court by
Judge Conlan on a charge of attempted
grand larceny in $3000 bonds. June 13
he tried to extract a purse on Market
street from the pocket of Mrs. Caroline
McCarthy, of 232 Minna street.
CASTORIA
. For Infants and Children.
Tie fae- _/7 .
limilt /V s/ITs> „ »« «
Signature/'^ Z^/r//'/' e ™7
A FIGHT FOR
RECOGNITION
Democrats Arranged in
Battle Array.
HARNEY FACTION ORGANIZED
THE CITY PARTY TO HAVE
HOME RULE.
Districts That Fought for the Dem
ocracy Ignored by the State
Body in the County Ap
pointments.
Major Harney, chairman of the general
committee of the Democratic party of
San Francisco, has named the following
working committees:
Campaign committee — Twenty-eighth Dis
trict, Lawrence Buckley; Twenty-ninth, Jo
seph Flanagan; Thirtieth, James O'Hea;
Thirty-first, George A. Love; 'iliirty-second,
Frank Lfistet; Thirty-third. K. \V. Blake;
Thirty-fourth, W. D. Hynes; Thirty-fifth, L.
J. Dolan; Thirty-sixth, Luke Tlerney; Thirty
seventh. D. F. Ra^an; Thirty-eighth, Thomas
F. Ciark; Thirty-ninth, John A. Fenton;
Fortieth, E. J. Gallagher; Forty-first, Charles
W. Hayden; Forty-second, Joseph P. Hayes;
Fcrty-third, R. P. Hooe; Forty-fourth, Dr.
Guldo Caellere; Forty-fifth, John Foley; ex
officio members — P. J. Harney, chairman gen
eral committee; J. F. McGovern, secretary
general committee.
Grievance committee — Twenty-eighth Dis
trict, Frank Sweeney; Twenty-ninth, Thomas
F. Blake; Thirtieth, Thomas P. Farrell, Thirty
first, James W. Crowe; Thirty-second, James
Devine; Thirty-third, George Godfrey; Thirty
fourth, Matt O"Brien; Thirty-fifth, William
Carroll; Thirty-sixth, Charles Gaggus; Thirty
seventh, Thomas W. Burke; Thirty-eighth,
Richard O'Brien; Thirty-ninth, Louis Schmidt;
Fortieth, Hugh J. McGlnniss; Forty-first, Jo
seph A. Fitzpatrick; Forty-second, E. J. Rey
nolds; Forty-third, Henry Neebe; Forty-fourth,
Otto Koeper; Forty-fifth, C. W. Nevin.
Committee on resolutions — W. I. Brobeck. Dr.
W. J. Gavigan, J. C. Saulman, J. A. Spinettl,
F. J. Monahan.
Committee on finance— William A. Asmussen.
Frank Conklin. T. A. Burns. Peter McGlade,
Chris Reis-Jr., J. G. Fitzgerald.
Committee on registration— Fred Russell, W.
T. Pilkington, John O'Donneil, John Fennell,
J. L. Horget.
Committee on naturalization — Frank P.
Hughes. Thomas Harrison, James K. Colbert,
John Koopman.
Auditing committee — Samuel T. Kohltnan,
James P. Sheerin, T. W. McFarland.
The appointment of these committees,
particularly the campaign committee, is
indicative of the fact that a war is on by
the Harney faction of the local Demo
cratic party for recognition as the legal
Democratic party of San Francisco.
It will be remembered that at the lively
meeting of the Democratic State central
committee held a month ago, at which
that body adopted a report of a sub-com
mittee of nine appointing a county com
mittee of 100 members of San Francisco
as the local Democratic organization,
Major Harney protested against the ac
tion and announced that the San Francis
co Democracy would not tolerate any
such interference. In that committee of
100 the Democratic districts of the city
were ignored. There are nine Democratic
districts in San Francisco that have al
ways returned Democratic Assemblymen
to the State Legislature. These nine dis
tricts gave W. J. Bryan a plurality over
McKinley for President of 3551 votes. The
State central committee appointed from
these nine districts only twenty-seven out
of the 100 members of the county commit
tee. The other nine districts of the city
are Republican and have always sent Re
publican members to the Assembly as well
as returning Republican majorities for all
other offices. At the last general election
theße nine districts gave McKinley a plu
rality over Bryan of 4008 votes, and yet
the State central committee, in apportion
ing the county committee, gave a repre
sentation to these districts of seventy
three members.
"The evident intention of these attempted
dictators of the Democracy of the city,
says Maior Harney, "la to disorganize the
Democratic party. Their ignoring as they
have done the Democratic districts is con
clusive proof of their intention in this re
gard. The men who have concocte.l this
scheme know full well that tho only way
they can get hold of the Democratic ma
chine is to deprive the Democratic voter?
of any voice in the party management.
Tnc general committee o£ the Democracy
of San Francisco over which I preside
proposes to go right ahead to call prl
mnries for the election of delegates to the
Siute convention and later on primaries
for delegates to the municipal convention
to Rc-minßte municipal candidates.
"The Dcrrocratic party of San Francfs
co," continued the Major, "is recognized
by law, and no State central commit too
Composed largely of country mem!>er3 can
interfere with It, and the Democrats of
San Francisco propose that they shall
not. If the State central committee hr».s
the right to dictate as to the management
of the San Francisco Democracy, then it
has the same rijrht to fnterfera with the
Pemocra'-/ of any other county in Cali
fornia. This certainly would be a danger
ous power, inasmuch as the State central
committee, as a rule, is controlled by two
or three men whose faculty is in gather
ing proxies from country members who
do not attend the meetings. This was
dpmnnstrated at the meeting of the State
central committee at which the question
of the San Francisco Democracy came up.
About thirty-five proxies were held by the
thr^e trustees. Alford. McXab and Gould,
whose offices as trustees are self-appoint
ive."
Celebrate the Fourth with California
fireworks. Buy direct from makers. Cal
ifornia Fireworks Cr>., 219 Front st. •
Good News for the Teachers.
Treasurer Rcis notified the School De
partment yesterday that he would pay
the May demands of the public school
teachers next Saturday. lie does this In
order that those of the teachers who In
tended going out of the city to spend the
Fourth of July may have a jingle in their
pocketbooks when they go.
ADVERTISEMENTS,
why ■*!■■! y* mmiV rtff^ irfyhiwii'WWiiiCT ;
It
| _. * . 1 1
I* and drugs I
Slaves to alcohol and drugs
k ask yourself this question, $5
g Figure out the answer for |
* yourself. You know best. The jg
i Keeley. Treatmeuf: will stop I
i that insatiable craving—stop B
that insatiable craving — stop I
';• it permanently. S
' Send for printed matter that : '
tells all atom It ; •/..■ A
i THE KEELEY INSTITUTES. \ ' H
I 1170 Market St, San Francisco," : H
THE KEELEY INSTITUTES.
1 170 Market SU San Francisco,
k 182 N. Main St., Los ■ Angeles. , ||
h Fred A. Pollock, Manager." V
DR.MCNULII
Tins V/Kr.T. -KN'OWS AND RICLrABLE OLTI
Special Ist cunt I'rlvate, Nervous. and Skin
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
20 years' experience. Send for Book, free Patients
cured at Home.' £ Terms reasonable. Hours, 9 toS
dally ;6:ao ti>!>.3ocT'jfs. I Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul
tion free aud sacredly confidential Cai: or address
a».^OSCOE neBVZ.TT.'K.II^
20,' -I SSABN7 STREET, BAN FRANOISCO, CAL
ADVERTISEMENTS.
iSaray /SSB9 uVRjj #H»\ > uR
The fragrant aroma from first*
class malt and hops, so pro-
nounced In -Blatz," convince*
you of its purity and high quality.
The more you drink, the more
you are convinced.
VAL.BLATZ BREWING CO.
t> MILWAUKEE, U.S.A.
Louis Caten & Son, Wholesale
Dealers, 416-418 Sacramento Street,
I San Francisco.
CANCER
AND TUMORS. Sure Cure!
No Knife or Pain! No ray Until Curedl
75-page book sent free. S. R. Chamley. M. D.
17 THIRD ST., near Market St.
Send to Seme Ore with ©ance?.
Q visit DR. JORDAN'S <»«•*
ffiiga Museum of Anatomy
/ P^ll 10511tl2ZITST.l!8t.6tt47tli,S.r.CiL
fit Ts | Tbe *<»'«"» of lv kind la tie World.
1 lffwi?\ DR ' JORDAN— Private Diseases.
R«^^W ik. Comultailou free. Writ« for B»»k 
Hj & Phifosophy fr of Marriage.
AMUSEMENTS.
MioSGOiGRANfii
Walter Morosco, Sole Lessee and Manager.
Specially Engaged for One Week Only.
The Prince of Singing Comedians,
CARROLL JOHNSON
In E. E. Kidder's Romantic Irish Comedy,
"THE GOSSOON !"
Supported by a Powerful Stock Cast.
Evening Prices — i •i»h.nk-mainmb. |
Orchestra, Reserved Seat 500
Parquet, Reserved Seat 25c
Dress Circle, Reserved Seat 25c
Family Circle and Gallery 100
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
Complete Capture of Theater Goers Last Nifht.
First Production Here of the Great Military
Drama,
F^ORT FRAYNE.
A True Picture of Army Life by Brigadier
General Charles King and Sheridan-Sutherland.
Cast to the full strength of the
FRAWLEY COMPANY
In Preparation— "A Gallant Surrender."
BALDWIN THEATER.
Eighth Week in This City and Success Greater
Than Ever.
"THE PASSION PLAT."
Every Afternoon at 3 — Every Night at 8:30.
Seats, Adults, 25c; Children. 15a
11— NEW ALL-STAR ARTISTS— II
8 WATSON SISTERS & ZAMORA, Sensa-
tional Aeriallats: FALKE & SEMON. Musical
Artists; CHARLES WAYNE, Eccentric Come-
dian: ANNA CALDWELL, Comedienne;
JONES. GRANT & JONES, Colored Trio; THEJ
4 COHANS. "Running for Office"; TIM MUR-
PHY as Mathlas in "The Bells." etc.; CAR-
LIN & CLARK and THE JUDGES.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs arid Box Seats, 60c.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs-Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor and Manager.
THIS WEEK ONLY.
Revival of Yon Suppe's Charming Opera,
BOCCACCIO !
Splendid Cast! Superb Ensemble!
Correct Costumes! Appropriate Accessories!
NEXT
"THP MIKADO."
Popular Prices 25c and 800
No Telephone. >
ALCAZAR. 150,25d,*350, 500
"TRUE TO NATURE"
AN ARTISTIC HIT.
LEWIS MORRISON,
In George Foster Platt's Historical Comedy,
FREDERICK THE GREAT.
EVERY NIGHT AT 8:15.
SATURDAY MATINEE AT 2:15.
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
RED GROSS BENEFIT,
Under the Auspices of
NATIVE DAUGHTERS' RED CROSS AID.
N. D. G. W.
TUESDAY, JUNE 28, 1898.
DRILL AND REVIEW OF '* FIFTY-FIRST
lOWA VOLUNTEERS.
Major General Merritt will review the troops.
Scenes from camp life, etc
ADMISSION... ................250 and SOo
RED CROSS BENEFIT.
DASHES-QUICK ACTION—NO DELAYS
RACES! |i|?£# RACES!
TROTTING HORSE BREEDERS' ASSOCIA-
TION, OAKLAND.
June 25th to July 23d Inclusive.
EVERY WEEK DAY.
BEST HORSES ON THE COAST ARE EN-
TERED.
BOOKS AND AUCTION POOLS.
Admission, 50c.
Races Commence at 1:30 O'clock.
Trains connecting with the 12, 12:30 and X
o'clock boats stop at the track.
AS GOOD-NATURED AS HE IS LARGE !
HENRI MAURICE CANNON,
THE "GREATEST GUN ON EARTH."
FKT THE CHUTES.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
A Great Vaudeville Performance in the
FREE THEATER.
JtST> ATTRACTIONS WITHOUT END.
NEW WAR PICTURES THIS WEEK.
10c, Including Zoo and Theater; Children, 80. .
HI vmpia I Corner of Uiton tni
ULllUflA I Eddy Str#€U
GREATEST NEW BILL OF THE SEASON.
BARNEY REYNOLDS, the Celebrated Come-
dian- LA ROYCE SISTERS, MAUD ROCK- ■
WELL, ENYVELL, LA MONT, WILLIAMS
and BIOGRAPH, With War Scenes. Admis-
sion Free. Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Daily from 7 a. m. until 11 p. m. ■ .
ADMISSION 10c - - - - CHILDREN 84
Bathing, with admission, ISo; children, No*
78
MAP SHOWING THE SITUATION ABOUT SANTIAGO DE CUBA AS TOLD IN THE DISPATCHES
SPAIN'S SHIPS
ARE WORTHLESS
Vessels Forming Third
Fleet Out of Date.
OPINION OF A NOTED SPY
WELL ASSEMBLE AT CADIZ AS
SOON AS POSSIBLE.
The Lepanto Is In Good Shape, but
the Kemainder Are Ancient,
Slow and Poorly
Equipped.
Bpeclal cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, IS9B. by James Gor
don Bennett. _____
GIBRALTAR, June 27.— trans
atlantic steamer Alfonzo XIII has ar
rived at Cadiz from the Canaries and
entered the arsenal, where she is fit-
Ing out as a cruiser. I had an Inter
view with Martinez del Rio, a Texan
employed by the Navy Department at
"Washington, who arrived at Cadiz from
Paris about the last of May and stop
ped at the Hotel Paris. He passed as
a Mexican. He Is of medium height,
slight and swarthy, with a heavy black
mustache. He is Spanish in appear
ance and speaks Spanish perfectly. He
Is not connected with any newspaper
and has simply spied for the Navy De
partment with wonderful success, Join
ing in the hue and cry for so-called
traitors and supplying information to
the Americans. He had an interview
with Captain Aunon, Spanish Minister
of Marine, and contributed 200 pesetas
to the war fund. He was only suspected
when the fleet was leaving. He saw
the fleet off and sailed for Tangier on
June 17 and cabled to Washington. He
is now here. He says It is his opinion
that the third squadron is all bosh. The
Lepanto is the only good vessel. The
Ironclad Alfonso XIII is a thorough
failure, having been built wrong, and
is only useful as a coast guard.
He confirmed my views about the
Princesa de Asturias and the Porto
Rico. He leaves on Wednesday via
Marseilles. He adds that he cannot
discover the identity of the correspond
ent of the Herald, which he says is un
doubtedly the best-informed paper.
CADIZ, June 27.— 1t is announced
here that the Spanish cruisers Vitoria
and Alfonso XIII have left the arsenal
and that the Caraica and Isla de Luzon
are ready for their armament.
It Is further reported that ' an addi
tional force of men has been ordered
employed to hasten . the. completion of
the armored cruiser Princesa de Astu
rlaß. • The auxiliary : cruiser Meteor is
said to have received her new arma
ment and the armored cruiser Cardenal
GERMANY SENDS
ANOTHER WARSHIP
Bpecial cable to The Call and TCrw
York Herald. Copyright, IS9B, by
James Gordon Bennett.
HONGKONG. Jure 27.— The
cruiser Princess Wilhelm left
Nagasaki for Manila on June 15.
This makes the fifth German
•warship in Manila Bay. The col
lier Wuotan, German, leaves
Hongkong to-morrow for Ma
nila. The British .steamer Eddie,
a collier, leaves to-day.
BERLIN, June 27.— The Ger
man second-class cruiser Prin
cess Wilhelm arrived at Manila
on June 20.
Cisnero is announced to have left for
Ferrol.
The Spanish officials express the hope
that the third Spanish squadron will be
ready for sea in five weeks.
The Military Governor of Cadiz 1b
mounting new guns and preparing ad
ditional defenses between Forts Rota
and Candelaria, owing to rumors of a
contemplated American invasion.
GIBRALTAR, June 27.— The third
Spanish squadron, it is announced here,
consisting of the Cardenal Clsnero, Le
panto, Numancia, Vitoria, the monitor
Puig-Cerda, three torpedo boats and
the auxiliary steamers Meteoro, Leon
XIII and Montserrat, commanded by
Admiral Barrosa, has been "ordered to
assemble at Cadiz as early as possible."
Some of the vessels mentioned as
composing the Spanish third squadron
are very much behind the age. The
Numancia is an iron vessel built in
1861, capable of steaming, according to
the registers, eight knots. Her main
battery consists of eight 10-inch muz
zle-loading Armstrong guns, and her
secondary battery is composed of six
6.2-inch quick-firinr guns.
The Vitoria is a training Bhip of the
broadside frigate class, built In 1865 ajid
having a belt of five and a half inches
of old-fashioned armor. Her main bat
u-ry consists of eight 9-inch muzzle
loading Armstrong guns. Sho may be
able to steam ten knots.
The monitor Puig-Cerda Is the Span
ish torpedo training ship. She mounts
one 6-lnch gun and two 4.7-inch bronze
smooth-bores. It Is calculated that she
may steam eight knots an hour and
her armor is four inches thick. Her
coal supply is so small that she would
be of little or no use outside of a har
bor.
The Cardinal Clsnero is a first-class
armored cruiser of the most modern
type, built in 1896 at a cost of $3,000,000,
having an armored belt twelve inches
thick, ten and one-half inches of armor
over her gun positions, an armored
deck two inches thick and eight tor
pedo tubes. She carries about 1200 tons
of coal, was built to steam 20 knots, is
of 7000 tons displacement and 15,000 in
dicn.tod horse power, and carries two
11-inch guns, ten 10.5-inch quick-firing
guns, two 2.7-inch guns, four 2.2-inch
guns and four 1.4-inch guns and two
smaller rapid-fire guns.
' THE CRYSTAL SWIMMING BATHS.
1 Phygldanß recommend the Crystal warm ■**
water tub and swimming baths,' North Beach.
THE SAN PRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 28, 1898.
BLOCKADE OF
CUBA'S COAST
Every Seaport Will Be
Watched.
NEW SQUADRON FORMING
COMMODORE HOWELL TO TAKE
COMMAND.
President McKinley To-day Will Is
sue Proclamation Announcing
the Extension of the
Blockade. 1
Special Dispatch to The- Call.
NEW YORK, June 27.— The Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald
telegraphs: General Blanco and the
Spanish forces in Cuba are to be cut
off from every possible source of sup
plies. President McKinley will to-mor
row issue a proclamation declaring the
entire coast of Cuba to be blockaded.
This proclamation will be similar in its
terms to that issued by the President
on April 22 declaring the blockade of
Havana and other ports.
This action would have been taken
earlier In the war had the Navy De
partment enough vessels at its dis
posal to maintain an effective blockade.
Commodore Howell is to command the
entire blockading squadron, which has
been designated as the first squadron
of the North Atlantic fleet. His flag
phip will be the San Francisco, which
has been the flagship of the patrol
squadron. The principal vessels that
he will take with him are the Colum
bia, the Minneapolis, the Topeka and
the Princeton and all the torpedo-boats
which have been stationed along the
coast.
So certain do the authorities feel that
there is no danger of a Spanish fleet
crossing the Atlantic that the northern
patrol squadron, which has been under
command of Commodore J. A. Howell,
is to be disbanded and all vessels are
to go south, with the single exception
of the ram Katnhdin, which is to be
stationed in Hampton Roads and which
with the vessels of the mosquito fleet
under the command of Rear Admiral
Erben, retired, will be depended upon
for coast defense.
Cruelty to Her Child.
Mrs. Annie White, 11 Pollard place, was
yr-sterflay s«nt to the County Jail for six
months by Judge Conlan for cru
elty to her boy, Frank. While drunk
early last Thursday morning she threw
the boy into the Btreet and he was plckea
up by a policeman. The case against the
woman's husband was dismissed, as he
proved that he was not at homo at the
time.
Ladies" tailor-made sutta; lateat design*: we
rive credit M. Rothschild, 211 Butter, r. I* 7.
RESERVES ARE
GOOD SHOTS
Crew of the Yankee Did
Deadly Work.
DURING A LIVELY CHaSE
SEVEN SPANIARDS KILLED
AND THREE WOUNDED.
Late Returns From an Exciting En
counter Are Pleasing to the
New York Naval
Militia.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, ISSB, by James Gor
don Bennett.
KEY WEST, June 27.— The chase of
a Spanish gunboat Into Cienfuegos
harbor on June 13 by the Yankee re
sulted in seven Spaniards being killed
and three injured, while the gunboat
was so badly damaged that she had
to be beached, according to advices just
received here. It is not known what
the name of the Spanish boat was by
any one of the officers of the auxiliary
cruiser, but the execution done causes
great elation among both officers and
crew, the latter being composed mostly
of New York naval reserves. The Yan
kee was not aware of the work she had
done until June 22, when a catboat
containing three Cubans was picked up
off Cienfuegos.
On June 20 the Yankee sighted a
Spanish merchantman off Casilda, but
she escaped into the harbor, and when
pursuing her the Yankee was fired on
by the fort and gunboat. She returned
the fire, sending in fifteen shots, and
although Blanco In a message to Mad
rid said that no damage was inflicted,
the Yankee's sailors are positive that
several Spaniards were killed, and that
much Injury was done to the fort.
Cruising near the Isle of Pines last
Saturday the Yankee captured five
fishing smacks bound for Batabano.
The crews were allowed to get to shore
and the smacks were then burned, be
cause of the difficulty of trying to get
them Into one of our ports.
CONFLICTING FBANCHISES.
SEATTLE, June 27.— There Is likely to
be trouble in the near future over the
building of railroads In Alaska. To-night
Paul Mohr, widely known on the Pacific
Coast as a railroad promoter, arrived In
Seattle direct from New York. He repre
sents the Yukon Railway Company, which
has received a charter from the Govern
ment to build a road from Skaguay over
the White Pass, a distance of fifty miles,
to an arm of Laka Tagish. Another com
pany, represented by Mr. Hawkins, has
procured a franchise from the Town
Council of Skaguav and is constructing a
railroad over the route which Mr. Mohr
claims had been previously accorded his
company. He will go by first steamer to
Skaguay, and he says he will take the
matter at once into the Federal courts.
OPPOSED TO
ANNEXATION
Democrats Are Against
the Resolution.
MANY OBJECTIONS URGED
CAREER OF CONQTTEST NOT THE
COUNTRY'S DESTINY.
Senator Stewart Alleges That Con
gress Has a Constitutional
Right to Take Hawaii by
Legislation.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, June 27.— At 11
o'clock this morning the Senate con
vened and a few minutes afterward
adopted the resolution of Davis, chaJr
man of the Foreign Relations Commit
tee, providing that hereafter until fur
ther action shall be taken the Senate
convene daily at 11 a. m.
Consideration of the Hawaiian an
nexation resolution was resumed, and
during the session Clay (D.) of Georgia,
Roach (D.) of North Dakota and Caf
fery (D.) of Louisiana, addressed the
Senate in c-pposition. Caffery had not
concluded his speech when the Sen
ate adjourned.
The annexation of Hawaii would.
Clay insisted, start this country upon
a career of conquest which was op
posed to the true destiny of the United
States. He claimed that to make th»
present war an excuse for the addi
tion of a colonization policy would bt
a violation of the declarations made in
the Cuban resolutions and would in
volve the country in tremendous diffi
culties and possibly ruin. He declared
that the United States had no business
to capture the Philippines, as the war
had not been begun for any such pur
pose.
Roach delived a carefully prepared
argument against the annexation prop
osition. He advanced the novel argu
ment that the United States should
not annex the islands, as their exist
ence was problematical. They were
liable to be swallowed up by the sea in
an earthquake. Roach maintained that
if annexation was to be .affected by
resolution, the proposition ought to be
first submitted to the Hawaiians them
selves for ratification. Any other
course would tend to destroy the very
foundations of our Government by a
subversion of this Government which
is based upon the consent of the gov
erned.
The messages of the President relat
ing to Naval Constructor Hobson, Cr>m
mander Frank H. Newcomb and Cap
tain Hodgson were read.
Caffery then began a speech In op
position to the annexation of Hawaii.
He said the policy proposed was dan
gerous to the safety and perpetuity of
the United States, and opposed to the
fundamental principles of the Govern
ment. He then entered upon a con
stitutional argument against annexa
tion, during which he was frequently
interrupted to answer questions.
In response to an inquiry by Faulk
ner Caffery said that he had never
known any nation to acquire foreign
territory by purely legislative act.
Stewart instanced the fact that Great
Britain had acquired parts o£ India by
act of Pnrl lament.
"But the English Parliament is om
nipotent," suggested Spooner of Wis
consin. "Does the Senator from Ne
vada claim that Congress is omnipo
tent?"
"Yes, It is," replied Stewart, "within
the limits of the constitution." He
pointed out that the annexation of Ha
waii had not been perfected until Con
gress had taken action upon the ques
tion. In response to an inquiry by
Mallory of Florida Stewart maintained
the Supreme Court had held repeatedly
that it would not inquire into the ac
quisition of territf>ry. When the politi
cal power of the Government had taken
action the transaction was closed.
In resuming his remarks Caffery said
that if the argument of Stewart were
carried to Its legitimate conclusion it
would constitute Congress an absolute
despotistn.
At 5 o'clock Caffery. not having con
cluded his speech, yielded the floor and
the Hawaiian resolutions were laid
aside until to-mnrrow.
Allison called up the conference re
port on the Indian appropriation bill
and asked that it be agreed to.
Jones of Arkansas expressed the hope
that the report might be rejected be
cause of the provision which allowed
Indians to lease mineral lands on their
reservations. The report was rejected,
the special grounds of objection being
that stated by Jones and one stated by
Pettigrow, who insisted that the Sen
ate conferees should Insist upon the
free homes provision.
A bill granting a right of way
through the Indian Territory to the
Gulf, Chickasaw and Kansas Railway
Company was passed.
At 5:35 p. m., on motion of Davis, the
Senate went into executive session, and
at 5:55 adjourned.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OO 000000000 000 00 0000000000O 000000
I NO PAY TILL/ g
I CURED, y/ •■ Wp l9^k : I \
© / T v /^ For more £vf& *"^sSl^Bfcx °
© -^ / than sixteen O$ f^lID %
O ' / years Dr. Meyers \ «}v • . Yp O !
3 / & Co. have been sue- /'j^^%^l> •"^^Jr»^ 'vi
% / cesshilly treating dis- jM^m^^W^ ©
Ox- eases and weakness of >^^k^w.' 4i /'j^^ w © i
© men. Contracted ailments °
which have become chronic Wt^j&^^Ji •^#^^a^< O
O and dangerous from neglect, W^'i^^^^^^P^ °
© or having been treated by incompetent doctors, are quietly O
o and permanently cured—partial or complete loss of vital §
O power restored in a remarkably short time. Dr. Meyers & O
o Co. have such faith in their superior methods and rem- °
O edies that they do not ask for any money until a cure / %
Ois effected. Private book for men only and symptom y^ O
o blanks free at office or by mail. Thousands / °
O cured at home. Correspondence solicited. / AtX. o
© All letters confidential. . / °
© DR. MEYERS CO., jS . O
° SPECIALISTS FOR MEN OF THE / Q
% ENGLISH AND GERMAN EXPERT SPECIALISTS, X FRFF fON- ©
g 731 Market St., San Francisco. / * TVI-L- \^\J O
a Hours— B to E; evenings 7to 8; Sun- / QII 1I;TT A "Tir^M ©
. days 9to 11. Phone Black 8341. -< •"' ....*-*■ 1 ■ /A 1 IV 1-N • O
00 0000 00 000000 000 00 0000 O O O 0 0000
MILES WILL
TAKE CHARGE
Intends to Lead the Next
Expedition.
PROBABLY TO PORTO RICO
RE-ENFORCEMENTS FOR SHAF
TER SOON TO START.
Fifteen Regiments Under Brooke at
Chickamauga Will Be Sent
South in Short
Order. _ a*
Special Dispatch to The CalL
WASHINGTON, June 27.—Prepara
tions for hurrying re-enforcements to
General Shafter and for the Porto
Rican expedition are progressing as
fast as possible. General Shatter's or
ders are to send back to Tampa as
many of the transports with his ex
pedition as he can spare. It was stated
officially to-day that General Miles,
commanding the army, would command
the next expedition which leaves the
United States. Just what this Is to be,
and where It Is to go, could not be as
certained.
The number of re-enforcements which
are to be sent to Shafter will be an ex
pedition nearly as formidable as that
which left Tampa two weeks ago.
After Santiago has been reduced and
captured by the American forces there j
will be an ample number to leave in ;
the province to preserve order and to
hold the place, while the remainder
may be used for the Porto Rican ex
pedition.
The officials at the War Department
decline to-day to indicate where the
fifteen regiments which General Brooke,
commanding at Chickamauga, has been
requested to have in readiness to move
would be sent. Fernandina, Fla.. has
been put in readiness for a large num
ber of men, and it may be the Chicka
mauga men will go there. At Miami,
further down the coast, there are about
six regiments, while at Tampa, on the
Gulf coast, there are approximately
12,000 men.
CHICKAMAUGA NATIONAL MILI
TARY PARK, June 27.— At Camp
Thomas to-day all interest centers in
the preparations of fifteen of the regi
ments to get away to Cuba. The work
of supplying all the needs of these regi
ments, begun yesterday afternoon, con
tinues rapidly to-day, and such good
progress is bc-ing made that every one
of the fifteen is expected to be fully
supplied by to-morrow. It is not known
just when the movement will begin, as
General Brooke as yet has issued no or
ders except the one for immediate prep
arations. The indications are, however,
that the first to go will get out Wednes
day. The two railroads leading from
here to the Florida coast have scores of
locomotives and hundreds of cars in
waiting, and can handle the men rap
idly.
The fifteen regiments under orders
are the best trained and best equipped
at the camp. They are the Eighth Mas
sachusetts, Sixteenth Pennsylvania,
First West Virginia, Fifth Illinois, One
Hundred and Sixtieth Indiana, First
New Hampshire, Fourth Ohio, Thirty
first Michigan, Third Wisconsin, Second
Wisconsin, One Hundred and Fifty
eighth Indiana. Fourth Pennsylvania,
First Georgia and Twelfth New York.
The officers who will command the
brigades under orders to proceed from
Camp Thomas to Cuba are as follows:
General Earnest. First Brigade, First
Division: General Stanger, Second Bri
gade. First Division; General Wiley,
Third Brigade, First Division; Colonel
Gardner. First Brigade, Second Di
vision; General McKee, Second Brigade,
Second Division.
BRISSON SELECTS A
CABINET FOR FRANCE
PARIS, June 27.— After the successive
failures of M. Ribot, M. Sarrien and M.
Peytral to form a Cabinet to succeed the
retirinp Ministr>' of M. Meline. it Is an
nounced that M. Henri Brisson has
formed a Cabinet with the following dis
tribution of portfolios:
President of the Council and Minister
of the Interior. M. Henri Brisson.
Minister of Finance. M. Paul Peytral.
Minister of Education. M. Leon Bour-
geois.
Minister of Justice, M. Ferdinand Sar-
Minlster of War, M. Godefroy Cay-
Minister of Marine, M. Edoua^ Simon
Lockroy.
Minister of Foreign Affairs, M. Theo
phile del Casse.
Minister of the Colonies, M. Georges
Tr lUllfet. _
Minister of Commerce, M. Emll Manie
louls.
Minister of Agriculture-. M. Albert Viger.
Fine Catches of Salmon.
MONTEREY. June 27.— Monterey Bay
Is having an unusually fine run of salmon
just now. and large quantities are being
shipped daily to Snn Francisco and other
I points. The gupsts at Pol Monte are
1 greatly interested in the fishing. Herman
Oelrichs of New York has made some es
pecially fine catches.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HURRAH
FOR THE
GLORIOUS
FOURTH!!
FIREWORKS
AND FLAGS!
Boxes of Fireworks for Home Display
UnXld Case No. 2— 51.00.
1 Dewey Salute. 1 Sampson Surprise, 1 Schley
Cracker Jack, 1 Columbia Bomb. 5 Packages
Crackers, 1 Volcano. 1 Package Torpedoes, 1
Triangle Wheel, 1 Vesuvius. 2 Ruby Lights.
6 2-Ball Candles, 3 3- Ball Candles. 3 4-Ball
Candles 1 No. 1 Star Mine, 1 No. 2 Star Mine
1 Whistle Bomb, 2 Yellow Jackets. 6 Larg*
Pin Wheels. 1 Catherine Wheel. 6 Blue Lights.
6 3-lnch Serpents, 1 Flower Pot. 1 Box Red
Fire, 1 Cap Pistol, 12 Boxes Caps, 30 Red Head*,
7 Pieces Punk.
UnXid Case No. 3—82.50.
6 3-Ball Candles. 8 * -^all Candles. 3 6-BalT
Candles, 3 S-Ball Candles. 1 Large Schley
Cracker Jack, 1 Mount Vesuvius. 1 No. 2 Star
Mine, 1 No. 3 Star Mine, 1 No 4 Star Mine?
6 Extra Large Pin Wheels 2 Catherine Wheels!
3 Whistling Bomb*. 1 Whistling Devil. 2 Lar
Volcanoes, 1 8-Inch ■Vertical Wheel, 50 Red
Heads, 1 Package Pistol Crackers 1 Japanese
Acrobat 3 Ruby LSfehts, 6 Blue Lights, lx 0 j
Dewev Battery, 1 Sampson Surprise Box, i
Triangle Wheel. 3 4-inch Flower Pots. 1 6-!nch
Flower Pot, 10 Packages Fire Crackers. 1 Hl°c-
trie Flower, 1 Box Torpedoes. 10 Pieces Punk.
UnXld Case No. 4— 55.00.
Exhibition Assortment.
12 Colored Candles, large, 6-star; 6 Exhibition
Candles. S-star; 3 Exhibition Candles, 10-stsu-;
3 Colored Star Rock*t<= 4 oz.; 4- Colored Star
Rockets. S oz. : 1 Colored China Flyer, large:
1 Colored Vertical Wheel. 8-lnch: 1 Bengal
Light %-lb.;l Colored Triangle Wheel, Vi-lb ;
1 Colored Triangle Wheel, %-lb. ; 1 Mine of Col-
ored Stars, No. 4; 1 Mine of Colored Stars, No.
V 3 Colored Flower Pots. 6-inch; 1 Colored
Rosette, extra; 2 Colored Geysers, small; 1
i'-lh Cans Red Fire: 1 '.i-lb. Can Green Fire;
1 v.-ib Can White Fire: 1 'i-lb. Can Blue Fir*;
1 Electric Flower: 1 Jeweled Jet: 1 Mount Ye,
Buviub; 1 Japanese Acrobat: 1 Bundle Punk.
GOLD CHOP CRACKERS 2 pkgs. for 5<J
SHOO FLY 3 pkgs. for 10a
EXTRA LOUD : oc per pk*.
EXTRA. NO. 1 5a
PISTOL CRACKERS 100
A Box of Fireworks Given Free With Boys' Suits,
THE UNXLD STORE 3
BRIGDEN, TDRNET ft BATKIN, Proprietors,
616 to 620 Kearny St.. Cor. Commercial
WE HAVE 810 BRANCH STORES.
. , «
r ~ " What ! - ~"*1
Can't pay the price of SchiU
lings Best tea ?
How, then, can you pay
full tea-price for adulterated
tea? n
LAST OPPORTUNITY
TO MAKE CONNECTION' WITH
FIRST STEAMERS IP THE YUKON
RIVER TO
DAWSON CITY.
— BRUNSWICK,
Limited First-Class Accommodations.
positive SB If V O
SAILING \J LJ tmi M <Slf
Howard-Street Wharf,
Connecting with elegant new river «t«amsh!j|
LEON.
SECOND TRIP
S. S. LEELANAW
JULY .25.
FIRST-CLASS SERVICE.
LOWEST RATES,
The Alaska Exploration Co.,
Liebe3 Buildin , 139 Post Street.
. , 1 _,
■-gß>\"~ FOR
3L\ FINE TAILORING
Mssm> PERFECT FIT, BEST (If
JHEIm WORKMANSHIP, at
MISW 25 per cent Less than Othe*
■ Wtiw Tailors Charge, Go to
iff JOE POHEIM
/ fill All Wool Suits to &in 1. &O P
/ Mm Order from 4)1 Z t0 4>oo
/ II I * Pants from . . . <t/ to Sio
JV" l^ 201 and 203 Montgomery St,
844 and 846 Market St.,
11 10 and 1 1 12 Market St. San Francisco,
MADE ME. A MAN
§AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CUBE
JlZiltlft/rvoua Dls*aaea— Failing Mem-
ory, potency, Sleeplessness, etc., cause.!
07 Abuse or other Excesses and Indis-
cretions. They quickly and surely
restore Lost Vitality in old op young. sn4
fit a maa for study, business or marriage.
J» Prevent Insanity tad Consumption It
me. Their usn shows immediate fmproYe-
: snent and effects a CURE where all other fail la-
: sist upon having tho genuine Ajax Tablets. Th»r
have cared thousands and will cure you. We give a pq>
. itive written (raarentoe to eff act a cure Cfi nTC "» i
each. case or rotund tho money. Price vW W I par
package; or oil pieces (full traatment) for $2.60. By
mail, in plain wrapper, upon receipt of price. Circnltr
**• AJAX REMEDY CO., * 9^: r Lu^
For sale in San Francisco by Lelpnits"& Ox.
136 Sutler. No-Pexc«nta<* Pharmacy. 9» MS*.
006 00 ocdoooooooood
2 TH " PALACE «f[S
%GRAND
Q SAN FRANCISCO. q
** Connected by a covered passageway.
: ° 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Both Attached, jj*
i O All Under One Management. O
, © . NOTE THE PRICES: O
rt European Plan. Sl. oo per day and upward
O American P1an.83.00 per day and upward
O Correspondence Solicited. Q
q JOHN 0. KIRiiPATiUCK, Meager. q
000000000000000
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonlo *
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of th»
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative
Invlgorator and Nervine. Sells en Its own
Merits: no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents,
123 Market Street. 8. P.— (Send for Circular. l
WONG WOO,
P^ CHINESE TEA AND HERB
,'«|p a SANITARIUM,
lp^jL 764-66 CLAY ST., San Francisoo,C»l
■J^ffifiaV'-iyL I A " diseases cured exclu»ivs'
%SEffJ/j'w\v ly by Chinese herbs.- over IOM
/WWKl»*«l' varieties bein* used. AOVICB
FREE. Hamm, li:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to I and i M
•p. so. •  _TERRA COTTA
IN HIDING
Why the Hall of Justice
Is Uncompleted.
EXCUSE OF THE BUILDERS
HOPE THAT THE STRUCTURE
MAY BE FINISHED.
The Supervisors Magnanimously Vote
to Raise the Salaries of Tour
Deputies in the City-
Clerk's Office.
The Hall of Justice building may be yet
completed. Dateman Bros., who have the
contract for constructing it, still seem t<.
have a lingering hope that they may bo
able to secure the necessary terra cotta,
the absence of which they claim has beeii
the cause of so much delay.
When the Board of Supervisors met yes
fternoon, there was the usual
n from Bateman Bros., asking for
an extension of time on their contract.
They thought that they might bo able
to have the building constructed by Oc
tober 1, but wanting to be on the safe
side, they desired another extension.
rs Clinton, Dodge and Delany
■were opposed to granting any additional
time to the contractors. One of the firm
.t m urge his petition for tiim-,
and was Invited by the Mayor to speak
tearful story of how the lively tern..
managed to elude him and his
brother John. He knew but little con
cerning the \v>>rk, but his "brother John,"
who did not hav< attend the meet-
Ing, was w,-\\ versed in it. He could not say
the building would be completed,
but thought that If i once get
■ elusive i ■ the struc
ture might be up bi October 1.
"When do you expect to know some
thing definitely about the terra cotta?"
"1 expect to enter Into a contract with
a local Brno within the next few days,
eman.
: Justice is still hanging
between the "hopes and the "expecta
: ntractore.
After a lengthy discussion it was de-
Curther action on the mat
ter until the next meeting of the
and ii by that time Bateman Bros, have
ertaJ • time-wasting aim
cotta. it is entirely prob
that the members will place them
on record as being to any
B rvlsors are
at last beginning to feel the sting of pub
no crit I irand Jury r<
The recommendation of the Street Com-
I ' 'ogsw • LI foun
tain at the gore corner of Market, Drumm
aUfornia - removed and sup
■ high, t'rom
■which Old ■ . i in future float, was
adopted. 1 t the change will
be borne by patriotic downtown mer
chants.
The ordinance providing for the renum
bering of houses along Market street was
revoked.
J. E. Hamill, T. B. Maginnis. C. ft.
Parent and P. H. McKenna, deputy clerks
In th« oft: v Russell, will in fu
ture receive $lo» v. month salary
They are at present receiving only JIM.
A petition from the San Francisco ar.d
San Matt > Electric Railway Company
asking for a terminus at the new ferry
landing w I to the proper com
mittee. The company ;.-ks t.> be allowed
tend its line from Steuart and How
ard sti - • •• rd street t" E ist
• :ig that thoroughfare ti>
the i>
The contract for burying 1 the Indigent
■ Edward Kel!>
contracts to do the work for $8 05 for
each I
The Li. is of W. M. Hlnton Jr. and the
H. S Crocker Company for the printing
- : the municipal r
were referred to the Printing Commit
tee.
<)n motion of Supervisor Sheehan, the
clerk was instructed to communicate with
the City and County Attorney and get
ipinlon as to the ritrht of certain
enntr. tors to add 1
war tax to t!: . for which they
contr: . • • irnish the city with neces
sary E
The board will moet Tuesday afternoon,
• I f equalization.
•rks have been appointed
at a salary ..: *--, each to examfn
is: <i:is Videau, B. Jones. John
rty, Philip Hlrlman, Daniel Edgar,
"William B. Smith, Charles Schafer, Wil
liam J. McCarthy, George Allen, Jacob
. Mai k Hunt, Daniel
Ward and 1- « lfac Gambert.
STREET IMPROVEMENTS.
Summary of the Week's Work in the
The following is a <-^mrlete record of
improvements passed by the
. of Supervisors at yesterday's ses-
AWARDS OF CONTRACT*
Eighteenth, Ashbury to easterly line of
Uranus— trading and paving, to Dan
iel O'Day.
North avenue. Holly Park to Cortland avenue
—.Same, to Manuel J. Pires.
Filbert and Hyde— Paving, to City Street Im
provement Company.
Noe and Seventeenth Same.
Sixteenth, Castro, to a point 255 feet westerly
from Castro— Pipe sewer, to J. J. Dowllng.
Ninth avenue, X to a point distant 125 feet
south of P Curbs, sidewalks and paving, to
E. F. Dennlson.
Clay find Walnut— Paving, to City Street Im
provement Company.
RESOLUTION OP INTENTION.
Fifteenth and San Bruno avenue— Pipe sewer,
curbs, sidewalks, etc.
Fifteenth, Baa Bruno avenue to Vermont
street— Pipe sewer.
Fifteenth and Vermont— Pipe sewer, etc.,
curbs and sidewalks.
Fifteenth, Vermont to Kansas— Pipe sewer.
Fifteenth and Kansas— Pipe sewer, etc.,
curbs, sidewalks.
Kansas, Alameda to Fifteenth— Pipe sewer.
Rhode Island and Alameda streets—
sewer, etc.. curbs and sidewalk.
Rhode Island, Alameda to Division—
sewer.
North avenue. Cortland to Holly Park ave
nue?—Pi I 1I 1 sewer, etc
Cortland and North avenues— Same.
North avenue and Ellen street—
Twenty-fifth, Guerrero to Fair Oaks—Side
walks. '■' „
Frederick and De lying avenues— Sidewalks
ami raving. ■'-— ■.-.«•■-* -v
Eighth avenue, J to X— Grading, curbing and
paving.
Eleventh avenue, northerly line of X to
northerly line of M— Grading, curbing and pav
ing.
Army, Noe to Castro— Including pipe
sewer, etc.
RECOMMENDED BY SUPERINTENDENT
OF STREETS.
Sprure. Sacramento to California—
Fourteenth avenue, H to J— Grading.
Etanyaa and Curbing, culverts, paving,
etc. •:.>-"
Filbert, Franklin to Gough— Curbing and pav
ing.
Filbert and Gough— Paving.
Filbert, Octavia to Laguna— Same and grad
ing.
Filbert and Laguna— Paving.
Filbert, Laguna to Buchanan— Curbing and
paving.
Filbert. Buchanan to Webster— Curbing and
paving. Webster to Flllmore— Curbing and
Filbert, Webster to Fillmore — Curbing and
paving.
Filbert and Scott— Paving.
Filbert. Scott to Devisadero— Curbing and
paving. _-^.' /i
Filbert to Baker—
Greenwich, Van Ness to Franklin— Curbing
and paving.
Greenwich and Franklin—
Greenwich, Franklin to Curbing and
Greenwich and Gough— Paving.
Greenwich, Gough to Octavia— and
Greenwich and Octavla to Laguna— Curbing
to pavement-
Greenwich and Laguna— Paving. . ._
Greenwich, Laguna to Buchanan — Curbing
Rn Gre r^w?c ! n and Buchanan— Paving.
Greenwich, Buchanan to Webster— Curbing
8! G 1 re I enwlcrt and Webster-Paving
Greenwich. Webster to Flllmore— and
Greenwich, FlUmore to Stelner— Curbing and
Pt Greenwleh and Stelner— Paving.
Greenwich, Stelner to — Curbing and
P *Or»Jnwlch and Pl*rc*-Pasrtn*> V. „. '
Greenwich, Pierce to Scott— Curbing- and pav
lT,g.
Greenwich and Pcott streets-Pipe sewer In
northerly, westerly and southerly sections and
the street paved.
Greenwich, Scott to Devisadero— Curbs, pav
ing, pipe sewer, etc.
Easterly, westerly and northerly portions of
Greenwich and IJevlsadero— Pipe sewer, side
walks and paving.
Greenwich, Devisadero to Broderick—Curbing,
paving: and sewering.
Greenwich and Broderick— Sewering, curbing,
sidewalks and paving.
Greenwich. Broderick to Baker— Curbing and
paving.
Greenwich and Baker- — Paving.
Greenwich, Baker to Lyon— Curbing and pav
ing.
Filbert, Gough to Octavla— Curbing and pav
ing.
RKBOLtmON OF FULL ACCEPTANCE.
Pryant. Sixteenth to Seventeenth— Bitumen.
Twenty-sixth. Valencia to Mission— Same.
Kansas, Alameda to Division — Basalt.
Flllnmre. Hayes to Fell— Bitumen.
Waller, Central to Masonic avenue — Same.
RECOMMENDED FOR FULL ACCEPTANCE.
Bryant. Seventeenth to Kariposa— Bitumen.
ORDER CHANGING AND ESTABLISHING!
GRADES.
On various points on Nineteenth, M to Q—
Raising and lowering to official Use.
PROPOSALS ORDERED READVERTISED.
Market, Sanchea to Noe— Sidewalks.
PRIVATE CONTRACTS.
Division. Kansas. Eighth and Townsend— To
property-owners for paving.
RELEASE OF CONTRACTS.
Southeasterly line of Market, Sanchez to Not
Oraj Brothers fur sidewalks.
NOTICE FOR ABATEMENT OF NUISANCE.
Chestnut, Baker to Lyon— Fence ordered re
moved.
EXTENSIONS OF TIME GRANTED.
Masonic avenue, Hayes to Fell— To J. J.
Dowllng bO Jay.- on paving.
Masonic avenue, Hayes to Fell—Same.
EXTENSIONS OF TIME RECOMMENDED.
Halght and Shrader— To City Street Improve
ment Company 60 days on paving.
HaJght and Cole— Same.
Halght and Clayton— Same.
HaiKht and Ashbury— Same.
Laguna, Lombard to Greenwich— Same.
Sixth, Channel to Hooper— To Union Paving
Company 60 days on paving.
Sixth. Hooper to Irwln— Same.
Sixth and Hooper— Same.
Sixth and Irwin — Same.
Butter and Grant avenue— Same.
Sutler, Grant avenue to Kearny— Same.
Church, Thirteenth to Herman— Same.
California, easterly line of Cherry to east
erly line of First avenue— Same.
Filbert, Polk to Van Ness avenue— To prop
erty-owners 60 days on paving.
PETITIONS REFERRED TO STREET COM
MITTEE.
Palmer, Randall to Fairmount—Property
owners for modification of grade.
Mississippi, Nineteenth to Twentieth—Prop
erty-owners for paving.
Jones, Pacific to Jackson— Property-owners
for rescinding the provision for pipe sewer anil
requesting that manholes, etc., be provided be
fore paving the street.
Grant avenue and Bush— William Uelser &
Co. for a release of contract to pave.
Relvedere-«-Property-owners for sidewalks.
PETITIONS REFERRED TO STREETS
LIGHT COMMITTEE.
Fell and Pierce— E. Westphal for the erec
tion of electric light.
PROTESTS REFERRED TO STREET COM
MITTEE.
Spruce, California to Sacramento— C. C. But
ler against sidewalks.
Golden Gate avenue, Lyon street to Central
avenue — Property-owners against paving.
Eleventh, H to L— Property-owners against ,
grading..
Haight street and Central avenue— Trustees
of the will of J. H. Baird against paving.
Golden Gate avenue. Masonic to Central—
Property-owners against paving.
REPORT OF STREET COMMITTEE ON
MATTERS SUBMITTED AT PREVIOUS
SESSION.
Seventeenth, Sanchez to Noe— Award of con
tract for street work deferred.
Hyde, Union to Filbert— Same.
Harwood alley, Filbert street southerly-
Same.
Ninth avenue, X to a point 123 fej?t south of
P— ln favor of award of contract lor grading
to E. F. I 'ennison.
Clay and Walnut— ln favor of awarding con
tract for paving to City Street Improvement
Company.
Streets intersecting the Treadwell estate— ln
favor of referring the work o£ grading to City
Engineer.
Washington and Kearny— ln favor of remov
ing fence surrounding Hall of Justice build
ing.
Chestnut, Baker to Lynn— ln favor of removal
of obstructions and performance of necessary
street work.
Nineteenth. Mto Q— ln favor of changing and
establishing grades.
Hyde, Beach to — Removal of ob
struction referred to County Attorney.
Market, California and Drumm— favor of
removing old fountain.
Folsom, Ripley street to Crescent avenue — In
favor of requiring: a petition of the property
owners describing the district to be assessed i
before commencing work of grading.
Andover and Eugenia avenues— ln favor of ;
outlet of sewer to be constructed at the ex- ;
piration of six weeks.
Fifteenth, westerly from present terminus at ;
Tilden— ln favor of acquiring and conveying i
this section of the street to city and county
to avoid unnecessary expense in opening street.
Masonic avenue, Hayes to Fell— ln favor of
extending time of J. J. Dowling's contract 60
days.
Market. Sanchez to Noe— ln favor of repeal-
Ing contract for sidewalks and readvertising
for bids.
Division, Kansas, Eighth and Tnwnsend— ln
favor of paving intersection by private con
tract.
Commonwealth avenue to one block north of
Point Lobos— ln favor of closing street tempo-
rarlly.
PoTaom, Hlplpy to Cresront avenue — In favor
ning work of gracing.
other petitions and protests reported on ad
versely or hle'i.
ROBBED BY A SOLDIER.
A Miner From Montana Sought
Friends and Fell in With a Thief.
A Montana miner visiting the city for
pleasure sought the friendship of a sol
dier from his own State Sunday even
ing, and after spending considerable
money on the boy in blue, was rewarded
for his kindness by having his purse, con
taining SCO, snatched from him by his
supposed friend.
John Evans, who has been prospecting
In Montana, met Private Burke, of the
Montana volunteers' band, on the Bar
bary Coast, and took him out to see the
town. Burke informed his new found
friend that he had just been released
from the^uard house for having been ab
sent from camp for a week, and offered
to show Evans the woman who had been
the cause of his staying away from his
duties. The two went to a dance hall
on Kearny street, and Evans was duly in
troduced to the woman, and the party
proceeded to have a good time at Evans'
expense.
When all were a trifle the worse fov
liquor Evans went to a small room in
the hall whore he was followed by Burke,
who snatched a buckskin purse from
him and ran out of place. Evans
notified Burkes officers of the robbery
and they are on the lookout for the sol
dier. The robbed man also informed thi.
police and will swear out a warrant for
Burkes arrest this morning.
DESPONDENT YOUNG MAN.
A Smith Tried to End His Life in the
Bay.
OAKLAND, June 27.— A young man who
says that his name is Smith jumped
from the 7 o'clock ferry-boat from San
Francisco to-night, but was rescued. He
is now at the City Prison.
Smith tells a rather romantic story. He
says that four years ago he came out here
from Boston with money to burn. He has
burned it all and had stayed at the
Grand Hotel. Some weeks ago he was
sick and impoverished, and was F<mt to
the San Francisco County Hospital. He
there learned that he had consumption,
and he decided that lie might as well die
now as later. He had been drinking
heavily, and to-night, when the boat was
about half way across the bay. he took
off his overcoat and hat and threw them
overboard, jumping after them. He was
rescued by the ferry-boat f rrow ami
turned over to the police on this side. 11.
declares he will do the same thing again
as Boon as he is set at liberty.
Damages for a Death.
A. M. Plunkot, as father and heir ot
Customs Inspector John II Plunket, de
ceased, filed a suit in the United States
District Court yesterday against the Cali
fornia Sugar Refinery U owner of the j
steamer Resolute, for $2.->,OOO damages. ,
The complaint alleges that on July 1 oi !
last year the steamer ran into the schoon
er Sacramento, and that the jib boom of
the schooner struck and killed Plunket, !
who was in the pilot house of the Reso
lute. It is alleged in the complaint that
the " steamer was navigated in a care
less manner.
Judge Beatty of Idaho.
United States District Judge James H.
Beatty of Idaho has been designated by
United States Circuit Judge Morrow to
Bit In . the . District Court In this city
during the absence of. Judge de Haven.
Judge de ' Haven will leave about the
end of this week for Montana, where
he will preside over the District Court
during a trial in which the regular Judge,
2« disqualified. ,
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 28, 1898.
MARS IS THEIR PLANET.
Commodore, Ensign and Private Watson, a
Family, Defending the Flag.
From grandsire to sire and from sire to son the spirit of war flows In ttie blood of the Watsons. The most
famous of the family is the present Commodore Watson, who has been chosen to ride like an angel of victory
across tho Atlantic and raze the seaports of Spain. Commodore Watson's two sons now wear the uniform of their
country, and on a miniature scale they are attempting to repeat the deeds of their father.
Edward Howe Watson, the elder, is ensign on the Detroit, one of the ships in Sampson's fleet. He- Is very
well known in this city, having been stationed here when his father was captain of the San Francisco. He is a
graduate <"'f Annapolis of the class of 'i>s. The younger son of tho Commodore, James Thornton Watson, is a rrg
ular of the Seventh Cavalry, stationed at Fort Grant, Arizona. All the Influence his father commanded was insuf
ihltnt to obtain for young A'atson an appointment to West Point. He was a student in the University of Virginia
before be • •"'• Hi-- firm determination to follow the fortunes of the soldier was not to be shat
tered by the picture, constantly plae> d before his eyes, showing the impassable chasm with the officer on one side
and the private on the other. In a night he stepped from luxury into a private's shoes about five months ago,
losing his identity as the son of Commodore Watson and assuming the new characterization of Private Watson. It
is his intention to serve the two years' period required by law and then take tho competitive examination for a
commission.
The two sons of Commodore Wa'son are grandsons of Judge Thornton of this city and nephews of Crittenden
and Jack Thornton. Both of them aro well known to San Franciscans, a part of their early life having been spent
in the public schools of this city.
REV. DAVIS HAS
BEEN FORGIVEN
The Sensational Preach
er Will Quiet Down.
WILL NOT ANSWER CHARGES
DR. W. S. URMY THINKS A BIG
REVIVAL NECESSARY.
He Says the Methodist Church Is in a
State of Decrepitude — Other
Denominational Meet
ings.
Edwards Davis, the young preacher who j
Btartled church-goers in this State hy his
ited sensational actions, has sui
ed and promises to err no more. The !
actor-preacher has been forgiven by his '
brethren and the glad hand uf friendship :
has b< . n ex • nded to him, and he is
again Lack in the fold.
The new condition of things was
brought about yesterday at the meeting
of the Christian Ministers' Union after a
long and deliberate discussion. For the
past month effort has been made to bring
him before a proper body and try him
for his peculiar conduct, but without suc
cess. Davis has always expressed a will
ingness to stand trial, but wanted spe
cific charges brought against him so that
he could make answer to them. The mem
bers of his old church refused to do this
and the matter was held In abeyance.
Davis squared himself Sunday by ac
knowledging his mistakes before the con
gregation of the Central Christian
Church of Oakland, thus smoothing his
way to reinstatement.
About thirty interested members, com
posing a committee, met in the Y. M. C.
A building yesterday and were called to
order by President T. D. Butler. Davis
was present and listened to by his re
lenting auditors. As a final action the
following resolution was offered and
passed unanimously:
Resolved, In view of the official statement
of the Central Christian Church of Oakland to
the effect that Brother Edwards Davis made
public (statement that the said church was
Justifiable in withdrawing from him on the
charges of disrepute and Immoral conduct, and
that he asked forgiveness and was received Into
their fellowship again, that we dismiss our
committee without attempting to pass Judg
ment on the case and authorize the publication
of this resolution as a final and official state
ment of the case.
An inquiry into the small increase of
membership during the year 189" was the
subject of Rev. A. H. Needham's talk be
fore the Methodist ministers yesterday,
and it brought forth a warm discussion.
The speaker said in part:
"Making all allowances for mistakes
that have been made in statistics and
other records it must be admitted that
we have made small additions. We are
settling down into the same kind of re
ligious life that emanates from many of
our sister churches. One reason for this
was the secular duties of the ministry—
they being so many that it rendered it
impossible for them to keep well in touch
with the spiritual part of the work."
Rev. "W. W. Case thought that preach
ers did not stand firmly enough by each
other. "If one strikes firmly out and at
tacks some popular science he is not sus
tained in his neroic action. We need
more martyrs in the pulpit and few are
willing to be ground under foot in their
efforts to suppress popular errors."
Dr. W. S. Uriny said he believed the
church was in a state of decrepitude and
that a vigorous revival. should be insti
tuted such as was instituted by John
Wesley for the national church.
Rev. John A. B. Wilson considered that
the Methodist church was not under date,
but was the ablest factor In the world
for evangelistic work. "So far as being
a failure," he said, "the Methodists in
the last thirty-three years have out
stepped the Presbyterians. In the last
ten years they have grown beyond the
Episcopalians, and in the last nine years
beyond the Congregationallsts. This does
not look like death or dissolution." He
said the Bishops and . presiding elders
would always look out and give their ap
nroval and advancement to * those whom
they found progressive and deserving. He
was glad to see in the church a class of
young men better educated and fitted for
1 Miss° Lake asked the co-operation of
the ministers in religious - work at the
camp at Richmond. She said the sol
diers needed spiritual consolation as much
as social entertainment. The lady sug
gested that the Methodists erect a tent
fn tho Tennessee camp and J. W. Ells
worth who was present, offered a tent
and half the expense of fitting it out and
this offer was accepted. r < , _.. ;
The : following officer* Trora elected for
tho ensuing term: President, Jamos W.
Phelps; vice president, A. H. Needham,
and secretary. J. L. Witten.
At the Congregational mooting. Rev. S.
11. Willey gave an Interesting account of
his trip to Cleveland to attend the Amer
ican Congregational Home Missionary So
ciety's convention.
FOUGHT LIKE A TIGRESS.
: Vicious Onslaught by Mrs. S. S.
Scott Upon Two Policemen.
Mrs. S. S. Scott, who lives on Bush
Btreet, near Steiner, was arrested yester
day by Policemen T. J. Coleman and
Byrne on < ' • • ■ of using vulgar lan
guage and disturbing the peace.
Coleman is attached to the Pacific Coast
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children, and yesterday morning James
McKinney, a neighbor of Mrs. Scott.
complained to the society of the way she
was treating her children. Coleman went
out to investigate and meeting Police
man Byrne got him to accompany him.
Ttuy met a Tartar.
Mrs. Scott used inncTiinge unbecoming
tho mother of five children and threat
ened to do all sorts of things to Me-
Kinney and the officers. The officers
succeeded by Btrategy in getting her into
the yard and promptly placed her under
arrest. She had a small bottle in her
hand and attempted to uncork It. but
Coleman, after a struggle, took it from
her. It contained vitriol and it was evi
dently !:• r Intention to use It upon the
officer. Coleman took possession of the
bottle.
PECULIAR ACTS
OF JUDGE LOW
CASE OF ATTORNEY MAHONEY
NOT YET DISPOSED OF.
Although. Convicted Twelve Days Ago
by a Jury the Judge Has Not
Yet Imposed Sentence.
Judge Low nnpc-ars to he as change
able as the wind. One day he decides
upon a certain course and the next day
he is moved to go on an entirely differ
ent tack.
The case of Attorney W. IT. Mahoney
is an apt illustration. Mahoney was ar
rested on June 2 by Policeman W. J.
Smith for obstructing a street crossing.
The case was tried by a jury on June 16
and Mahoney was convicted and ordered
to appear for sentence June 18. That day
Mahoney's attorney moved for a new
trial, an- extraordinary proceeding after
conviction by a Jury, and the Judge
granted the motion, continuing the case
till Juno 22. When the case was then
called the Judge stated that he intended
to dismiss it, as the arresting officer and
Mahoney had shaken hands, but later he
changed his mind and again continued it
till last Saturday.
Saturday came and the Judge vacated
the order for a new trial and ordered Ma
honey to appear for sentence. As neither
Mahoney nor his attorney could be found
another continuance was ordered until
yesterday. When the case was called
yesterday a new attorney appeared for
Mahoney and he said he was not famil
iar with the facts in the case and, be
sides, as his client had not been informed
of the order to vacate the order for a !
new trial he asked for a further continu- :
anee till Thursday to enable him to he
in a position to insist upon the motion for
a new trial being granted. The Judge
granted the continuance.
It is nearly a month since Mahoney was
arrested and twelve days since he was
tried and convicted, and still he is not
sentenced and dors not take the trouble
to appear in court, as he is out on his
own recognizance. There is keen specu
lation in the City Hall as to what will be
the final disposition of the case after so
many twistings and turnings.
STEAM BEER MYSTERY.
Professor Wenzell to Analyze the
Beer and Edibles on the
Lunch Counter.
The mystery surrounding: the death of!
George Read early Sunday morning af- j
ter partaking of several glasses of steam '
beer along with his two friends, Victor j
Bergdahl and Edward Pearce, is no near
er a solution.
Yesterday Detective Wren submitted a
quantity of the beer, pigs' feet, pickles,
Saratoga chips and other edibles that
were on the lunch counter of the saloort
to Professor Wenzell of the- Board of
Health for analysis. The young men par
took of the edibles on the lunch counter,
and it was deemod advisable by tha police
to have them analyzed also.
E. M. Morgan, the bartender. Is still
detained in the City Prison, although hia
friends made desperate efforts yesterday
to get him dischargfil.
It Was Suicide.
Dr. L. C. Morgan, chemist for the
Coroner, reported yesterday that he hail
found carbolic acid in the stomach of
Charles Rosenberg, who was found dead
laat Saturday afternoon on Strawberry
Hill, Golden Gate Park- This effectually
3oeea of the theory of murder put
li by certaJa sensational newspapers.
CLUNIE GETS
A SETBACK
Judge Morrow Enjoins
the Commissioner.
HIS DISCRETION INDISCREET
NOT LAWFUL TO DECLARE THE
BONDS INVALID.
His Threat Was Made Without the
Limits of His Authority and
Must Not Be Carried
Out.
Insurance Commissioner Clunie was yes
terday restrained from carrying out his
threat to declare invalid the bonds of the
foreign insurance companies operating In
this State and from forfeiting their cer
tificates.
The decision was rendered by United
States Circuit Judge Morrow In the cases
of sixty-two companies against the Com
missioner. After giving a history of the
case with the progress of litigation on
both sides the opinion concludes:
"The duty of the Commissioner is part
ly ministerial and partly discretionary.
With respect to the performance of those
duties in which he exercises his discre
tion in good faith the courts will not re
view his judgment or restrain his action,
but the discretion he may thus exercise
must be a legal discretion and within the
limitations of his authority.
"He cannot act arbitrarily or capri
ciously or in disregard of all the rules of
law, and when he is called upon by a
court to answer a charge that his con
duct is illegal, oppressive and injurious,
he should be able to present such facts
as will clearly show that he is acting un
der authority and within the jurisdiction
of his office. It is true the defendant al
leges in his affidavit that in rejecting
the bonds offered and tendered by the
complainants and in holding them
to be insufficient and invalid he did
so after an examination and in
vestigation into the matter in the
exercise of the discretion conferred upon
him by law, but from the other facts al
leged by the complainants and not denied
by the defendant this allegation appears
to be in the nature of an opinion which
the defendant himself formed as to the
character of his own acts in the prem
ises.
"That there have been evils in the ad
ministration of the insurance law may be
admitted; that the defendant believes it
to be his duty to make the office of Com
missioner efficient and of substantial ben
efit to the public may be also conceded;
but it does not follow that he may adopt
any course or pursue any method that
will accomplish the purpose that he has
in view. The law furnishes the guide and
regulates the performance of official con
duct and will be construed as conferring
those powers only which are expressed,
imposed or necessarily employed. (Me
chem on Public Officers, section 51.) A
temporary injunction will issue in ac
cordance with this opinion."
GROOM IS BLACKLISTED.
I item Pugilists Will Not Fight
Under the Auspices of the
National Club,
unager Groom of the National Ath
; Club seems to be in very bad
- with the pugilists who reside on the
crn side of the big mountains,
'ter the contest between McConnell
McKeever the senior manager of the
ional Club, who is supposed to be a
omat in his own peculiar way, en
cored to, arrange a meeting between
winner and clever Tom Trace 3% which
est should attract more than ordinary
ntiun.
ex Greggains, who is looking after the
rests of McConnell, did not give much
mention to the nicely worded promises
iof Mr. Groom, but on the contrary he
I sought Billy Kennedy of the Ob'mpic Club
i and asked if a contest between McConnell
i and Tom Tracey could be held under the
j auspices of the Olympic. Kennedy replied
I that if he could make arrangements with
Tracey or his manager. Al Smith, a bout
i might possibly be consummated.
I Smith, on being interviewed, telegraphed
I to Tracey at Chicago and received the
i following reply:
"Having neard from my friend, Tom
Ryan, that Groom is such a good and
fair-minded man in every respect, I pre
fer to fight In some other club where less
soft Boap Is used on pugilists. If you can
arrange a match for me in any club out
side of tha National I will gladly consent
to fight McConnell under any conditions
you may agree upon."
Smith signed for Tracey with the Olym
pic Club, and the contest, which will be
twenty rounds, will *.c held on the even
ing of August 2.
Transportation was telegraphed to
Tracey yesterday and the clever pugilist
will leave Chicago for this city on Tnurs
day. McConnell is taking light exercise
at present and his trainer, Greggains,
although confident of McConnell's suc
cess, realizes fully that in Tracey his
charge will meet no easy game.
VENUS SMILES
UPON MARS
Ensign Gilm of the Benning
ton to Be Married to Miss
M. Cook To-Night.
The culmination to a romantic affaire
de coeur will take place to-night when
the hands of Ensign G. E. Gilm of the i
Bennington and Miss Marjorie Cook of
Chicago are joined in matrimony. Dr. j
Moreland will be the officiating minister
and the wedding will be at his home, 1512
Washington street.
Ensign Gilm is a graduate of Annapolis, |
class of '94. Since that timo he has been ,
traveling around the world on service for
the Government. He was in Central
America at the time of the revolutionary
disturbances that resulted in a series ot
governmental changes for the small ana
unstable Spanish-American countries '
south of Mexico. During the Turko- '
Greek war he was stationed near Athens. j
Returning from Greece he visited Naples, !
where he mot Miss Cook for the first
time. The young couple came to America
on the same steamer and an attachment
was formed that soon ripened into an ,
affair of tho heart. La-st January tho
engagement was announced.
Miss Cook is a tall brunette, with beauty
both of face and form. Ensign Gilm is i
of light complexion, well-made, and of a j
fine military bearing.
SAN JOAQUIN GRAIN
RATES LOWES YET
REDUCTIONS FROM POINTS ON
THE VALLEY ROAD.
Improvements That the Road Is Now
Making in Grading and
Dredging.
The new grain rates of the Valley Rail
road were announced yesterday. They
show a reduction of at least 10 to 15 pet
cent on the former rates of the Southern
Pacific to those points. There are two
sets of rates, one applying to Stockton
and warehouses within Stockton city
limits: the other to San Francisco, Crock
ett, Benicia, Port Costa and South Val
lejo. From Hanford, $2 35, $2 S5: Odessa.
J2 40, $2 90; Guernsey. $2 40. $2 90; Stella.
$2 45 $2 95; Corcoran Junction, $2 45, $2 9a;
Turnvell, $2 45, $2 95; Angiola. $2 45, $2 95;
Kernell $2 60, $3 10; Elmo, $2 60. $3 10;
Dewey. $2 60. $3 10: Shatter. $2 65. $3 15;
Rosedale. $2 75, $3 25; Jastro, $2 75. $3 25;
Bakersfield, $2 75. $3 25. These rates are
for the ton of 20M pounds.
Two contracts have been let for tho
grading of the land <>n the east and we*-.,
sides of the Valley Railroad tunnel in
Contra Costa County. Charles Erickson
has charge of the grading on the easi
side. He has put 2>X> men at work and the
land will be graded for seven miles easy
of the tunnel. Buckman and Kelso have
the contract to grade the land seven
miles west of the western end of the
tunnel.
An embankment is being thrown up on
the marsh line of the road. Three dredg
ers are at work daily. The embankment
will be ten feet high, sixteen feet at tha
top and KO feet at the base.
WOMEN MEET IN COUNCIL.
The Federation Prepares to Study
the New Charter.
The Women's Federation held Its week
ly meeting yesterday afternoon at Har
mony Hall, Red Men's building, Mrs. Eva
E. Bates, president of the federation, in
the chair.
Mrs. Bates reported that she and a
committee of three visited the commis
sary department and received from Major
Long the promise that within ten days
there would be work for women.
After making arrangements for tho
study and discussion of the new charter
the meeting adjourned, to meet on Mon
day next.
Used a Horsewhip.
Mrs. Lulu Cohen, 116 Sixth street, was
yesterday convicted by Judge Mogan on
the charge of battery, and was ordered
into custody to appear for sentence to
day. Mrs. Cohen owed Harry 1... Spen
cer, a messenger boy, some money, and
when ho called at her house for it she
struck him several times with a horse
whip.
Insolvent Book Binder.
Thomas B. Phillips, a book binder, has
been declared insolvent. His liabilities
are scheduled at $848. He has no assets.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
B+K+E+E+B+H+B-t-B+B+H+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+E+K-HB+H+H
| CUREDOFKIDNEYTROUBLE 2
+ — — ■
■ M&b r * S an cl en Electric Belt £
? Wz Adds Another to Its Thou- 1
I x^IIbW sands of Cures. jjj
■4* v &aijßjnMßW|^Bjßß|
+ wPlllgP Electricity is truly a won- +
+ liralSH derful remedy. It is good for j
■ fiSfflH! nervous troubles, for all +
■ :^^^^H kinds of pains and aches, +
+ I^»^^ for weakness, kidney and +
■ IB HI stomach complaints. Dr. +
+ Wk Sk Sanden's Electric Belt never +
■ 9m W fails to care these troubles. +
5 . ANOTHER MAN PRAISES THIS WONDERFUL BELT. m
™ NAP A. Cal.. June 24, 1898. i
mt- : -'i : - T.r» oivnFK-ncar Sir- Suppose you will want to know how your Belt Is work- ■
+ 'me It has helped rota great deal, and entirely cured me of my Kidney trouble. I +
■ do not have to get ™P In the nlghu like I used to. I sleep better, eat better and my ■
+ hark is a Vreat deal stronger than It .was before I began to use the Belt. It did me T
■ a poJpr of good and I would nut be without one for I think they are the greatest J
I • tVn7in thl Vorld. Thanking you for the Interest ym. I hfv^taken Na^T ca. c. H
+ lam yours very truly. HENRI HALbE, Napa. Cal. +
+ THOUSANDS OF CURES. g
* It has cures in every town in the West. It gives new life to the ■
Z blood and nerves, filling every organ of the body wfth health and +
5 strength. Call and Bee it, or send for Dr. Sanden's free book, with full ■
£ information. £
{ DR. A. T. SANDEN, * NOT IB DRUG STORE , * t
■ 702 Market Street, Corner Eearny, San Franenoo. ;•. I Bi
+ Office hours. 8 A. M. to 8 P. M.; Sundays, Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt +
■ 10 to 1 Branches at Lob Angeles. Cal.. 204H Is never sold In drug stores Q .
+ 0 Ul B h tr^: a^ a nver Po^ih°s r nor by «»«»»»« asent »- +
■ Dallas. Tex.. 255 Main street. * Jf— — j '■ — * II
B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+K+B+B+B+B+B
I
Weekly Gall $1.50 w Year 1
FAILURE OF THE
KLONDIKE BOOM
Transportation Compa
nies Suffering.
SOME ARE IN DEEP WATER
ALASKA - YUKON COMPANY'S
CBEDITOES MEET.
Travel to the Gold Fields Has Fallen
Away Tremendously and Conse
quently Many People "Will
Lose Money.
The failure of the Klondike boom Is
playing havoc with the companies that
went into the Yukon transportation busi
ness. Swiftwater Bill's venture was tho
first to go into eclipse, and now the
Alaska-Yukon Transportation Company
has been compelled to meet its credi
tors.
When the rush to Dawsnn began last
year the Alaska-Yukon Company came
into existence. H. J. Barling was chosen
president, and associated with him aro
S. F. Weeks of the S. F. Weeks Com
pany, Captain Hatfield, who resigned his
command of the British ship Lancing to
join the venture; Walter J. Scammell.
James Eva and others. They chartered
the steamers National City and Albion,
II the bark Rufus E. Wood and con
cted for four river steamers. One of
se, the James Eva, Is now on her way
to St. Michael, in tow of the steamer Na
tional City, and the Walter J. Scammell
Kiow at the Fulton Iron Works, ready
sea. Both the National City and the
ion have done well since they have
flown the Alaska-Yukon Company's flag,
and the Rufus E. Wood left here for St.
Michael with a number of passengers
and a full cargo. Had the rush to the
gold fields only continued all would hava
been well, but' as the passenger trade to
St. Michael is very light and growing less
every day the company thought it better
to come "to an understanding with its
creditors at once.
The chances are that when the steam
ers begin to arrive from the Yukon with,
the results of last season's mining
the interest in the gold fields will be re
newed. Millions will be brought down
in gold dust and nuggets, and the sight
of these fortunes will start the rush,
again. In that event it will be nearly
too late to go by the way of St. Michael,
and the travel will be again to Dyea and
Skaguay. Another meeting of all con
cerned will be held to-day, and it will ba
fn decided whether the river boats now
r'.y (.impieted will be held here until
t summer or sent to St. Michael at
c or sold. The Rufus E. Wood was to
kept at St. Michael as a receiving ship
passengers, and she will probably ba
ught home. The charter of the steam
ers National City and Albion can be can
celed at any time, and then if everybody
is willing the company can lie on its
oars until next year.
C. Dickey, who chartered and fitted out
the barkentine Catherine Sudden for a
voyage to Kotzebue Sound, went to St.
Michael on the steamer Humboldt. On,
his arrival there he will get together a
party of returning gold hunters to como
down on his vessel. After discharging
her passengers at the mouth of tha
Kowak River, the Catherine Sudden will
be taken to St. Michael to bring down,
the passengers Mr. Dickey has booked.
The steamer Dirigo and her tow, the
stern-wheel river boat City of Dawson,
are still In port. The repairs to the lat
ter's machinery have taken much longer
than was at first expected and now it will
be to-night or to-morrow morning before
she will be ready. The City of Dawson
belongs to the Swiftwater Bill company,
and many of the passengers on the Dirigo
bought tickets from that concern. They
spent nearly all their time for a week
past on Mission-street wharf waiting for
the expedition to get away, and their
patience is nearly exhausted. It is now
thought that a start will soon be made.
Twenty-one members of the San Diego
naval reserve arrived in the city yester
day and paid a visit to the California
boys on the Mohican. They will be sworn
in "at the naval rendezvous to-day and
will be sent to Mare Island to help man
the mosduito fleet.
The Railroad Case.
Clerk Chapin completed his testimony
yesterday In the matter of the suit of
the Southern Pacific Company against
the Board of Railroad Commissioners,
and Superintendent Curtis was put on th«
stand to explain certain exhibits as to
cost of cars, etc. The taking: of testi
mony will be resumed this afternoon.
PlwiJfikfiS
X HAVE YOU Sore Throat, Pimples, Copper- ■
K Colored Spots, Achoa, Old Sores, Ulcer«
■In Mouth. Halr-FaUlnsr* Writ* COOK KEM- fl
BED V CO., 213 MASONIC TEMPLE, CHI- B
B CAGO. - ILL., for proofs of cures. .: Capital {a
IIiOO.OOa Worst cases cured 1b litoSiUiy*H
100-page book free. - H
9no_textno_text10
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY. . .
Silver unchanged.
Wheat and Barley futures lower.
Oats and Corn In better demand.
Rye continues dull.
Flour weak at the decline.
Hay shows steadier symptoms.
Feedstuffs unchanged.
Beans about the same. |
Potatoes and Onions steady.
Butter and Cheese lower. Eggs weak.
Two cars of Eastern Poultry in.
Peaches and Plums about the same.
Apricots advanced. Cherries Improving.
Citrus Fruits doing better.
Dried Fruits nominal.
Provisions in fair demand.
Wool, Hides and Hops unohangad.
Meat market steady.
THE MIDSUMMER HOLIDAY.
CANNED SALMON IN ENGLAND.
The market for spot salmon continues steady
and unchanged, cays the London Grocers' Ga
zette of June 11. but the inquiry has shown
some Improvement consequent on the warmer
weather during the week. A meeting of the
British Columbia, salmon combination has been
held, at which the prices for the IMS pack
were fixed as follows: Unlobeled 1-lb flats
or "Fuuats " ISs (id for 400 to 500 cape lots,
down to 17s 6d for lots of over 10,000 cases; 1-It>
••tails" 17s 3d for 400 to 500 case lots, and la
per case less for lots of over 10,000 cases; ft-lt)
flats 24s 3d, down to 23s 3d for similar quanti
ties- labeled prices for 1-lb flats are 19s, down
to ISs; 1-tt) tails, 17s 9d, down to 16s 9d, and
iZ-Tb flats. 24b 9d, down to 23s 9d. the prices in
each case being for the quantities enumerated
above. Prices for Skeena River are fixed at
Cd per case less than above prices, and Rivers
Inlet Is per case less. There is bo little fruit
left on the market to be dealt with that busi
ness appears slow, but this is entirely owing
to the absence of supplies, prices continuing
very firm. For the 1898 pack few canners will
fix a price, and those that are making con
tracts are only doing so at considerably above
the rates paid for last season's goods.
At a meeting yesterday the Produce # Exchange
voted to adjourn from Friday noon, 'July 1. to
Wednesday morning, July 6, over the Fourth.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. June 27, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are
reported to-day from Weather Bureau stations j
In California:
Eureka. SS; Fresno. 102; Los Angeles, 76; Red \
Bluff, Si; Independence, B8; San Diego. 60; Sac
ramento, 90; iran Luis Obispo, 76; Yuma, 108.
San Francisco temperature: Maximum, 62; I
minimum, 50; mean, 66.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
The pressure has risen over the northern
portion of the Pacific slope. An area of high
pressure lies off the coast of Washington and
Northern Oregon. An area of low pressure
overlies Arizona, Southeastern California,
Southern Nevada and Utah.
The temperature has fallen from 10 to 18
degrees over Eastern Washington and Eastern i
Oregon. It has risen over Nevada and Utah.
In the Interior of California the temperatures
are from & to 12 degrees above the normal.
Light rain has fallen from Portland north
ward.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Spokane, 34 miles per hour from the
southwest; Winnemucca, 30 southwest; Eureka,
30 northwest. ; - >•
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty ,
hours ending midnight, June 28, 189S:
Northern California— Fair Tuesday; northerly
winds inland, fresh northwesterly winds on the
coast,
Southern California— Fair Tuesday; light
northwesterly winds.
Nevada — Fair Tuesday; cooler In northern
portion.
Utah— Tuesday; cooler north.
Arizona— Fair Tuesday.
Sun Francisco and vicinity— Tuesday;
southerly, changing to fresh westerly, winds. |
Special report from Mount Tamalpais, taken
at 5 p. m.— ■ Clear; wind northwest. 24 miles per j
hour; temperature, 70; maximum, SO.
ALEXANDER McADIE,
Local Forecast Official. |
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, June 27.— character of the I
market for securities was very little changed
to-day from that recently prevailing. Rail
roads were neglected and with a few excep
tions drifted to a lower price level, the de
mand being Insufficient to absorb even the
email offerings. Meantime Individual special
ties were taken up and pushed forward inde
pendently to a higher level without regard to
the general tendency in the market and with
out influence upon it. There was a sharp drive j
against Sugar and People's Gas in the opening |
transactions which reduced their price nearly
sl per share. This was apparently with a i
purpose on the part of the bears to put a stop
to the upward tendency of some of the spe
cialties. But the industrial stocks continued to
be influenced entirely by individual causes and
both Sugar and People's Gas were allowed to ]
recover. Tobacco, Rubber, Spirits preferred, i
Pullman, Third Avenue and Brooklyn Transit j
all showed marked strength at one time or
another, the latter advancing to near 55 on
heavy buying in the final hour. There v. ? ere a
few exceptions to the heaviness in the railroad |
list, the Vanderbilts and Rio Grande Western !
showing some tendency to advance. There wa* j
also quite an active demand for Atchison pre- j
ferred at a email advance In price which was
explained by the later publication of the May
traffic statement showing an increase in the
gross earnings of $•*».'>, M 4, and in the net earn
ings of $233,297. Part of the dullness in the
market is attributable to doubt over the bear
ing of the new war tax to go into effect July
1 on stock sales, loans and exchange.
There was a degree of activity in bonds to
day and prices of railroad, mortgages were
generally higher. Total sales, $3,175,000.
United States os advanced Vi and new 4s de
clined l .i in the bid price.
■ The total sales of stocks to-day were 273,100 !
■hares. including: 9935 Atchison preferred, 7311
Burlington, 4644 Manhattan, 8155 Northern Pa
cific, 9755 do preferred, 51,114 Rock Island, 10,-
El 5 St. Paul, 8564 Union Pacific preferred, 12 - i
033 American Spirits, 6150 do preferred. 36.490
Tobacco, 10,863 People's Gas, 3014 Pullman Pal
ace, 22,848 Sugar, 7215 Tennessee Coal and Iron,
9150 Leather preferred, 12.150 Rubber. 4721 do
preferred, 51,119 Western Union.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 13Vi St P & Om 77
Do prefd 33»% Do prefd 152
Baltimore & Ohio 15>4 So Pacific ......... 19 :
Canada Pacific .. 83% So Railway 8%
Canada Southern. 51% Do prefd 30
Central Pacific .. 13 ! i Texas & Pacific. 11%
('lies & Ohio.'. 23 Union Pacific 60%
Chi & Alton 167% U P D & Q 7%
Chi B & Q 104% Wabash 7
Chi & E 111 58% Do prefd 19
C C C & St L 41% Wheel & L E 1%
Do prefd 88 Do £,refd 10
Del ,£ Hudson.... 109 Express Companies-
Del L & W 158 Adams Ex 100
Den &R G 12 American Ex .... 125
Do prefd 60% United States .... 40
Erie (new) 13' i Wells Fargo 121
Do Ist prefd .... 35% Miscellaneous —
Fort Wayne 167 a Cot Oil 21
Gt Nor prefd 177 Do prefi? 75
Hocking Valley... 6 Amn Spirits 14"4 I
Illinois Centra! .. 105% Do prefd 39%
Lake Erie & W.. 15 Am Tobacco 120%
Do prefd 71% Do prefd ISO
Lake 5h0re...... 189 People's Gas 85%
Louis & Nash 52Vi Cons Gas 196%
Manhattan L .... 103% Com Cable C 0.... 160
Met 81 Ry 158% Col F & 1r0n..... 21%
Mich Central 105% Do prefd 90
Minn ft St L...... 27' i Gen Electric 3S
Do Ist prefd.... 90% Illinois Steel 66%
Mo Pacific 35% Laclede Gas 60
Mobile & 0hi0.... 26 Lead 34
Mo X & T 11 Do prefd 106%
Do prefd 33% Nat Lin Oil 15%
Chi Ind & L »% Or Imp Co 29
Do prefd 30 Pacific Mail 29%
N J Central P3% (Pullman Psifice... 196%
X V Central 116% Silver Certificates 59
N T Chi & St L... 12% Stand R & T 6%
Do Ist r^refd.... ' 67 Sugar ISO
Do 2d prefd 30 Do prefd 11l
Nor West 14 TC & Iron 25%
No Amer Co 6% U 8 Leather 7%
No Pacific 20% Do prefd • 66%
Do prefd 69% U S Rubber 25%
Ontario & W 15% Do prefd 89
Or R & Nay 49 West Union 9.W4
Or Short x^lne,.... 29 Chi & N W 125%
Pittsburs 170 Do prefd 170
Reading 19 St L& S W....... 5
Do let DreM.... 46 Do prefd 10%
Rock Island 106% ROW 27%
St L & S F 7% Do prefd 67%
Do Ist pr- id .... 61 Chi G W 14%
Do 2d prefd .... 28% Haw Com Co .... $3%
St Paul 98% Brooklyn R T 64%
Do prefd 149 . Union Pacific .... 24%
, St P M & M 142
CLOSING BONDS.
U S new 4s reg;.. 125 NJC 5s 114%
Do conn • 125 N Carolina 6s 125
U S4b 110% Do 4s 105
Do coup 111% No Pac lats 119
Do 2ds 95 Do Ss 62%
L" Sss reg 112% Do 4s 98%
Do 6s c0up...... 112% N V C & S L 45.. 104%
District 3.C5s ..... 115% Nor & "W 65....... 121
Ala class A .110 Northwstrn cons. 140%
Do B ........... 105 Do deb 55... 110%
Do C S»0 O Nay lsts.. 116
. Do Currency. ... SO O Nay 4b '.. 95
Atchison 4s ; 93%. O S Line Cs tr.... 126%
Do adj 45... 67% O 8 Line 6s tr.... 107
Can So Ids 109 O Imp lsts tr.... 114
Chi Term 4a... r 86% Do 6s tr .......... 61%
C & Ohio 69. ...... 114% Pacific 8b of 95... 101%
C H & D 4%5....i 104HlReadlnjr 4s 88%
D & R G lsta.... 106% R OW.lßti.. 90
D & R O 45....... 84% St L & I M C &b. 95%
East Term lsts... 107% St L & 8 F O 6«. 120
Erie Gen 4s 74% 3t P Con ......'.... 145
F W & D lsts tr. 74% St P. C & P l»ts... 120%
Gen Elec E5. ...... 103% - Do Es ........... 116%
G II & S A 6b.... 105 So Ry 55........... ; 95%
Do Us 102 Stand R & T 69.. 63% I
II &TC os 110 Term new set Is, 91
Do con 65....... 104 T Pac LG lsts.. 62%
lowa C lsts.' 101 Wab Ist C 5.;.....; 110%
La new cons 45.. 100 Do 2ds ........... 86
Missouri 6s 100 W Shore. 4s .110%
L& N Uni 45..... 90 Va Centuries ...:.; 71%
M X &T 2da...... 63% Do deferred .... t 7
! Do 4a .89% fjnloa.Pao i>r«x«i.. 80%,
L*. XGmniiiu.um - — — — - - ~<3
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 05 Ontario 2 25
Crown Point 03 Ophlr 16
Con Cal & Va 15 ! Plymouth 16
Deadweod 30 [Quicksilver 100
Gould & Curry.... 05 Do prefd 225
Hale & Norcross. 40|Sl<?rra Nevada ... 45
Homestake 45 00 Standard 165
Iron Silver ........ 65 Union Con 10
Mexican .02 Yellow Jacket 10 '
i BOSTON.
BOSTON, June 27.— Atchlson. 13%; Bell Tel
ephone, J74; Burlington, 104%; Mexican Cen
tral, 4%: Oregon Short Line, 28: Burlington &
Missouri, 201%; B. & 8., 24ft; Parrott, 22 l ,i.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, June 27.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram Bays: The stock
markets here remain steady, but the tone was
firm. The settlement money was very cheap,
and contangoes were low. On Americans the
average rate did not exceed 3 1 per cent, while
on Milwaukee and St. Paul the charge was less
than 2 per cent.
Prices of Americans here are generally high
er, but few purchases have been effected on
London account. Central Pacifies attract much
attention. Several riveting? of shareholders'
committees are being arranged, but nothing de
cisive has yet been determined.
A Dutch loan for £4,800,000 will be Issued on
Friday simultaneously in London and in Am
sterdam. Speyer Brothers will be open to re
ceive subscriptions. .
CLOSING.
Consols for mone" 111H; do for the account,
111 3-16; Canadian Pacific, 86%; Grand Trunk.
8; bar silver steady, 27 l-16d; money, ft@% per
cent. _.
NEW YORK GRAIN ■ AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, June FLOUR— Receipts,
9582 barrels; exports, 22,448. Steadier and a
trifle more active.
WHEAT— 293,228 bushels; exports,
381,833. ' Spot steady; No. i red, 86c I. o. b.
afloat; No. 2 red, SSc elevator. Options dis
played considerable firmness all day and closed
about lc above Saturday's curb, price. They
were bought by shorts because of steady cables,
bullish weekly statistics, bad domestic and Eu
ropean crop reports and light offerings. ■ No. 2
red July, 7SHfi79ftc, closed 79c.
HOPS— Quiet.
WOOL— Dull.
EGGS— Firm: Western, fresh, 12ft@13o.
METALS — Business continued on a small
scale and quotations remain about unchanged.
FlGlßON— Warrants closed dull, with $6 50
bid and $6 65 asked.
COPPER— dull; $11 70 bid and $12 asked.
TlN— Very quiet, with $15 15 bid and »15 25
' asked.
SPELTER— NominaI, with $6 bid and $5 25
asked.
LEAD— Firm, with $3 95 bid and $4 asked.
The firm fixing' the settling price for miners
and smelters quotes lead at $3 75.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, unchanged
to 5 points net lower. Sales. 24,000 bugs, in
cluding July, $5 45. Spot coffee— Kio, dull and
: nominal; .No. 7 invoice, 6*ic; No. 7 jobbing,
1 6%c; mild, dull and featureless; Cordova, Bft@
i 16c.
SUGAR— Raw dull, but barely steady; fair
refining. 3%c; centrifugal, 90 test, 4\ic; refined,
inactive.
BUTTER— Receipts, 15.281 packages; Western
creamery, 13Vi@17c; Elgins, 17c; factory, 11@
12c.
EGGS— Receipts, 8300 packages. Firm; West
ern, 12ft@13c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, June California' Dried
Fruit quiet.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common. 608 c:
prime wire tray, 9@'9ftc; wood-dried, prime,
9ftc; choice, 9Vic; fancy, 10c.
PRUNES— 4#BHc
APRICOTS— RoyaI, SV><fflOc; Moorpark, 10*9
12c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 9<iTir>e; peeled. 12@16c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. June 27.— Damage reports from
excessive rair.s in that portion of the coun
try where harvesting is under way created a
bullish sentiment in wheat at the start. The
weather in Great Britain was unfavorable. j
Paris, Antwerp and Budapest complaining of I
continuous rain, and Great Britain joined
in the same complaint. In addition re
ports of poor yields, compared with previous
expectations, came from almost every uar
ter of the American winter wheat region where
harvesting had been completed. There was
considerable short interest in the market, and
the reasons for the opening strength being
found upon examination to stand inspection,
there was a general effort to cover. But the
same situation which induced the shorts to
buy checked the offerings, and with very lit
tle for pale there was lively competition which
resulted In better prices. Closing quotations
from abroad showed a decline at Antwerp of
2%c a bushel. This, together with some osten
tatious selling of July in the pit here by an
elevator concern. Bent the price down to 71c for
July and 66V£c for September. The crowd was
short, however, and on some good buying the
market rallied quickly and closed near the
top for the day. July closed l>ic higher and
September lc higher.
It was a changing market in corn, with the
price improved somewhat in sympathy with
wheat. July left off with a gain of Vfcc.
Oats were steady to a shade higher at the
start, but prices eased oft later with the other
grains. The market closed near the bottom on
heavy selling by country traders. July de
clined ic.
Heavy receipts of hogs and the apparent ur
gency of some traders to get rid of lard de
pressed provisions. The close is at a slight re
covery from bottom prices. Pork lost 2ftc; lard,
6(&7 1 4c, and ribs 74c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Wheat No. 2— '
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
June 78% 78% 75% 78%
July 72% 73% 71 73
September 66% 67>4 6614 67>,4
December 67V4 68 67 67%
Corn No. —
July 31% 31% 31% 31'^
September 32 1 * 32Vj 32 32 1
December 32% 33Vi 32% 32%
Oats No. 2—
July 22H 22H 21% 21%
September 20ft 20% , 20 20
Mess Pork, per bbl—
July 9 60 9 70 9 474 9 E2H
September ...9 70 9 82ft 9 62V4 9 67ft
Lard, per 100 lbs —
July 5 57H 6 62^ E 524 6 E5
September 5 67V4 5 72ft 6 62ft D 65
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
July 5 42* 5 47V4 5 32ft 5 37%
September 6 45 5 55 5 42ft 6 45
Cash quotations : were as follows: ' Flour,
dull;' No. .2 spring wheat, 67'§"69c; No. 3 spring
wheat, 63<g'73c; No. 2 red, 76c; No. 2 corn, 310
31% c; No. 2 oats, 22ftc; No. 2 white, 25ftc: No. 3
white, 24ftc; No. 2 rye, 4ig4lV4c; No. 2 barley,
32<9'3.'>c; No. 1 flax seed, $1 03@l 05; prime
' timothy seed, $2 67H; mess pork, per bbl, $9 55
ig-9 60; lard, per 100 lbs, $5 56@5 60; short ribs
sides (loose), $5 25<36 50; dry salted shoulders
(boxed), }4 75@5; short clear sides (boxed),
$:. 1,".,,:, 85.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 7,100 9,500
Wheat, bu ...5,000 29,200
Corn, bu 260,000 817.900
Oats, bu 213,000 173,200
Rye. bu 2.200 17,000
Barley, bu 6,000 600
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creameries, 14@16c; dairies,
llig:l3',4c; eggs, steady; fresh, 100.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
■ * Receipts. Shipments.
s:£-:.,v'j, . Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 30,530 31.500
Duluth 61.423 5,649
Milwaukee 3,230
I Chicago 5,000 29.200
Toledo 6,217 .. 60,800
St. Louis 36,000 »
Detroit 1,200 1,171
Kansas City . 13.000 7,500
Totals 156,620 135.320
Tidewater — I •
Boston -. 56.500 '
New York '...293,225 831,833
Philadelphia 1,612
Baltimore 7.764
New Orleans .......
Galvestori •...•••••••.•.•..•.•......•..' .-~ •»....'.,■
Totals I .......
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— " . June. Sept.-Deb.
Opening 06 45 47 10
Closing 66 25 47 40
Flour-
Opening 25 35 21 55
i Closing 25 50 2175
LIVERPOOL : FUTURES.
June. July. Sept. Deo
Opening; 6 5 6 10% 61%
Closing ................ 6 8 5 10% 68%
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, June 27— To-day's statement
of th* condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $192,525,265; gold - reserve
$1&, 791,802. . -
VISIBLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK. June 27.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain In store and afloat Sat
urday, June 25, -as compiled by the New York
Produce Exchange, is as follows: Wheat, 17 -
225,000 bushels; decrease, 1,863,000. Corn, 22,
424,000; r Increase, 252,000. Oats, 7,600,000; in
crease, 508,000. • Rye. 1,017,000: decrease, -22 000
Barley. 866,000; decrease. 157,000.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW i ORLEANS, June Cotton, steady:
middling. 6 16-160. ______ . "
FOREIGN : MARKETS.
LONDON, June 27.--Consols, 111 3-18; sliver,
127 6-16 d; French rentes. 102f 65c. , :
 LIVERPOOL, \ June  27.— Wheat steady; car
i goes oft coast nothing doing; cargoes on pas
sage, buyers and sellers apart; English coun
try markets, , quiet; French . country markets
quiet; wheat •In Paris,' quiet; flour In • Paris,
quiet; quantity ofwheat and flour op passage
■ u:y' : - : - •■■■ i '-':. "'■'■■■ .". ' ' . ''■■
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESBAT, JTJ^E 28, 1898.
tlty of wheat and flour on passage .to Conti
nent, 2,090.000 bushels: -Indian shipments of
wheat to United Kingdom, 192,000 bushels; In
dian shipments of wheat to Continent, 104,000
bushels: Import Into United Kingdom for week,
158,000 barrels of flour; 302.000 quarters wheat.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 7-16.
CLOSE.
WHEAT— No. 2 red Western winter, !
dull, 6s 9d; , futures closed quiet; July 6s Ed;
September, Be 10% d; December, 5s B%d.
CORN— Spot American mixed new quiet, 3s %d:
July quiet, 3s %d; September quiet, 3s 9 d.
Imports of wheat Into Liverpool for the
week: From Atlantic ports, 39,000 quarters,
from Pacific ports, • none; from other ports,
40,000 quarters. . : .
Imports of corn Into Liverpool, from Atlantic
ports for the week, 97,800 quarters.
•' ; ■ • ■ ■ --..-■/■.<■■" •>-;■
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO. June CATTLE— 10c
higher. Choice steers, $4 90<j?5 35; medium, $4 50
©4 65; beef steers, $3 15@4 50; ' stockers . and
feeders, $3 60@4 85; bulls, $2 90@4; cows and
heifers, $3 15(g'4;- canners, $2 20@3 15; calves.
$3 50®7; Western steers, $4 70<g>4 90.
HOGS— Were 10c lower. Fair to choice, 13 SO
01 90: packers. $3 65@3 82; butchers. $3 70@3 xi;
mixed, $3 Cs@3 82; lights. $3 &O@S 82; pigs, $2 75
(g3 55.
SHEEP— Were In good - demand and some ;
grades 10c higher. Westerns, $4 55; grass sheep,
14 75; natives, $4 70©5 20; spring lambs, $4 50
07.
Receipts— la,» 00; Hogs, 48,000; Sheep,
13,000.
DENVER.
DENVER, June 27.— Receipts, 400.
Market for good, steady; others, lower. Beef
steers. $3 90(f?4 70: cows and heifers. $3 50®4 40;
feeders, freight paid to river, J4@4 80; stackers,
freight paid, $44j'4 75; bulls, stags, etc. $2 50®
3 £0.
. Receipts, 200. Market, firm, 10c
lower. Light packers. $3 60@3 60; mixed. $3 60®
3 65; heavy $3 55©3 62ft.
SHEEP— Receipts. 1050. Market, firm. Good
fat muttons, $3 So£f4 50; lambs, $4 60®5 60.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, June 27.— CATTLE— 1500.
Market steady to 5b higher. Native beef
steers, $4 10@4 90; Western steers, $3 90@4 60;
cows and heifers, $3 50@4 40; stockers and feed
ers. $4(5-4 85; bulls and stags, $3@>4.
HOGS— Receipts. 6200. Market s@loc lower.
Heavy, $3 60®3 70: mixed. $3 60®3 65; light, $3 60
@3 62; bulk of sales, S3 60®3 65.
SHEEP— 1600. Market steady. Fair
to choice natives, $3 SO<SH 70; do Westerns, $3 60
IJI 50; common and stock "sheep, $3 25@4 40;
lambs, $4 25©6.
KANSAS CITY
KANSAS CITY. June 27.— CATTLE—
3000. Market steady to strong. Native steers.
$4@4 90; native cows and heifers, $1 50©4 80;
stockers and feeders, $3 2."(ij5 50; bulls, $2 30<3>
3 SO.
HOGS— Receipts, 7000. Market s<@>loc lower.
Bulk of sales. $3 701T3 80; heavies, $3 7o'i?3 95;
packers, $3 E6@> 85; mixed, $3 50(5"3 85; mixed,
$3 50®3 SO; lights. $3 45^3 70; yorkers, $3 65©
3 70: pigs, $3 8003 55.
SHEEP— Receipts, 3000. Market firm. Lambs,
$3 s:.<&B 40; muttons, }3i?, r > 25.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, June 27. — Exchanges, $302,422;
balances, $69,515.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, June 27.— WHEAT— Nominal;
Walla Walla, OOQ'Slc; valley and bluestem. 63c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. June 27.— WHEAT— doing;
club, 60c; bluestem, 63c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 4 87
Sterling Cable? — 4 ST»4
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — __. 17ft
New York Exchange, sight — 20
Fine Silver, per ounce — 53*4
Mexican Dollars 46 46ft
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— was a further decline In fu
tures, but spot quotations remained un
changed. Trading on call was fair, but there
was nothing doing in the sample market.
The Produce ' Exchange voted to take a va
cation from Friday noon. July 1, to Wednesday
morning, July 6, over the Fourth.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 20@l l'2ft; milling,
$1 30@l 40 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session — 9:15 o'clock — — I
18,000 ctls, $1 22%; 10.000. $1 23: 34,000, $1 22
Second session— December— 22,ooo ctls, $1 22; j
10.000,- $1 22ft; 6000, $121%; 2000, $122%.
Regular morning session — December— 10.000
ctls, $1 22%: 18.000. $1 22>4; 6009, $1 22%; 2000,
$1 22%; 12,000, $1 22%; 6000. $1 23; 4000, $1 23H;
18,000, $1 23%; 56,000, $1 23>)4; 28,000, $1,23%;
44.000, $1 23ft; 4000. $123%.
Afternoon session — December — 18,000 ctls,
»1 2514 ; 12.000, $1 23%.
BARLEY — Both spot and future markets
were weak at a slight decline.
Feed, $1 10@l 15. . Brewing nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— o'clock— No sales.
Second December— 2000 ctls, $1 12% ;
2000, $1 12H.
Regular morning session — December — 4000
ctls, $1 mi; 2000. $1 13%; 2000, $1 1414; 6000, $1 14.
Afternoon session— sales. ■
OATS — There was more demand yesterday,
and the feeling was accordingly steady at the
old prices.
Fancy Feed, .$1 35^1 40 per ctl; good to
choice, $1 304T1 35; common, $1 2501 27 : Sur
prise. $1 32ft«n 40; gray, $1 25@1 32*4: milling.
$1 32H(S1 37'y per ctl.
CORN — Business was rather better at former
prices.
Small round yellow. $1 2801 30; large yellow,
$1 05©l 07 J A: white. $1 C2ft@l 05 per ctl; mixed,
$1 021*01 55.
RYE— Weak and dull at $1 25 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT- 76<i?l '85 ' per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Is easy, at the decline. Family ex
tras, $5@5 10; bakers' extras, $4 75®-4 85 per bbl.
. MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. 82 75 per 10C;
Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 60; extra cream
Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 25: Oat Groats,
$4 50; Hominy, $3 2!W3 50; Buckwheat Flour. $4 '
<&4 25; Crack«d Wheat, $3 75; Farina, $4 50;
Who'- Wheat Flour, $3 &0; Rolled Oats (bar
rels) $5 85(g6 25; In sacks, $5 65(ff6 05; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50
per 100 lbs. ;
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The depression In Hay ' seems to be passing
away, and the market is steadier, at about the
same prices. Receipts yesterday were free,
but buyers took • hold better than of late. A.
car of damaged cow Hay sold at $15.
Sonoma County has the largest crop of Hay
this year, and buyers have lately been up there
In search of Hay for Santa Barbara and San
Luis and adjacent counties, where the crop Is
short, but they are unable to get any, as the
farmers refuse to name a price and announce
their Intention of holding until later on.
There Is no change in Feedstuffs.
BRAN— sl4!i?ls per ton. .
MIDDLINGS— S2O^"' per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $25 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31031 50; jobbing,
532-&32 50; Cocoanut Cake. $24@25: Cottonseed
Meal, $28630 per ton; Cornmeal. $23<&23 50;
Cracked Corn, $24@24 50.
HAY (Ex-car In round ; lots)— Wheat. $20<5?22;
Wheat and Oat, $19@21: Oat. — — ; Bar
ley, ; Compressed Wheat, $21@24: Com
pressed Oat, $16018; Alfalfa, $12@12 50; Clover,
; Timothy, $13@15.
NEW HAY— Wheat. $W3)19 for choice and
$16'q'17 60 for lower grades; Wheat and Oat.
$16@18; Oat, $16@17; Wild Oat, $15@16; Barley,
$14016; Island Barley, $13@14; Alfalfa, $11 50
©13.- •'•;"' - ■' ■■■■•• •.-■,■:■■.•- :-—:.■■
STRAW— per bale.
BEANS AND SEJ3DS.
A -round lot of large white Beans sold at
$1 80. They were fair. Otherwise . ' there is
nothing new.
. BEANS— Bayos. $2 90<3>3; Small Whites, $1 75
@1 80; Large Whites, $1 75(31 85; Pinks, $2 60@
©1 80; Large Whites, $1 65<ffl 75; Pinks, $2 60©
2 70; Reds, $2 80@3; Blackeye, $3®3 25: Butters,
fl BOOt; Limas.- $2 80@J 90; Pea, $1 70@l 90; Red
Kldneyp, $2 r><xg2 75 per ctl. ' -
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4@4 25 per ctl-
Yellow Mustard, $4@4 25; Flax. J2®2 05; Canary
Seed. 2V*fg2%c per 15; Alfalfa. 3@6c; Rape, 2f4@
2%c; Hemp, 2%@3c; Timothy, s@sKc.
. DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 75@2; ' Green, $2®
2 10 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
There Is :no particular change in Potatoes
and Onions. ' <' i --. i . 1:' ;
Vegetables range about the same.
Los Angeles Egg \ Plant,' 10c per Ib; Toma
toes, 75c@$l per box.
POTATOES— Potatoes, 40@450 In sacks
and 40@50c in boxes for Early Rose, and 40<g>60c
in sacks and-60@35c in boxes for Burbanks.
ONIONS— New, 40<g50c per ctl for red and 850
@$1 lor yellow. ' .. -
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, $1 50®2 00 for ex
tra large, ll&l 25 per box for No. 1, 50@78c for
small; . Rhubarb, ;6o@7so per. box; Green Peas,
$I@l per sack: Garden Pea*, 2©2ftc per lb-
String Beans, lM:<i?4c per lb; Wax Beans, 2e3c'
Summer Squash, .=.offltSsc per box; Bay Squash'
75cfi$l: Green Peppers, s@Sc for Chile and 6@
10c for Bell; ' Dried Peppers, : s@6c; Cabbage
50c per ctl; Carrots, 30@50c per sack; Marys
vllle Cucumbers, 50@75c per. box; Bay Cucum
bers, $1 25@1 50; Vacaville Tomatoes, . 660@5l per
box; Green Corn, 10@20c per - dozen for Vaca
ville and 20@30c for Bay: Garlic, 2®3c per lb.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES— '
Potatoes, sliced,: raw, 12c per ID In lots of 25
lbs; sliced desiccated, 16@l8c; granulated, raw,
18c; Onions,- 60c; Carrots, y old, ; 13c; new, - I8o;
Cabbage, • 80c; Sweet ■ Potatoes, 30c: Turnips,
£sc; String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 600.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Two cars of Eastern came In; end a few sales I
were made at 12V4c for Turkeys and $5 50 for
Hens. • |
■■- Local stock was nominal, there being none
of any consequence in. . . .: ■
POULTRY— i Turkeys, ' ll©l2o ! for Gob
blers and 10®llc for Hens; young Turkeys. 17c;
Geese, per pair, 7&cSsl: Gpsllugs, il<3l 25;
...... ...
Hens. $3@4; Roosters, young, t«@7; Roosters,
old, $3 60@4 50: Fryers $4@5: Broilers, $3 50@4
for large. $2@3 for small : • Pigeons, $1 25@1 50
per dozen for young and $I@l 25 for old.
— Nominal. .
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Creamery Butter and Cheese are both weak
er, and the latter is in excessive supply. Eggs
are no lower, . but store Eggs are weak and
dull.
BUTTER—
Creamery— creameries, 17@17ftc; sec
onds, 16fto. • ■ . ' ■- • i
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 15@16c; common
grades, nominal.
Eastern Butter— packed, 14<jJ)15c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. 8c; old, 7®
7ftc; Cream Cheddar. 10@llc; Young America,
B@9c; Eastern. 12© 13c.
EGGS— Eggs, 15@16c per dozen; store
Eggs, 12® 14c; v Eastern, 12% @ 15c; Duck
Eggs, 16c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Peaches are weak, though some St. Johns
sold at $1 . per box and basket. The canners
are . paying still higher prices for Apricots,
supplies of which are decreasing. Plums are
steady. Figs are unchanged. The Yuma
Grapes came in la'- and were not sold. The
market is still bare of Pears, something never
before known in this market at this time of the
year. Cherries are- on the wane and are bring
ing higher prices, especially black. Berries
are about the same. '
Oranges are a shade better. Lemons are still
higher and in demand. Mexican Limes are
scarce and firm as the last lot was destroyed
by fumigation on shipboard.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— -
Strawberries, $2 50(33 50 per chest for large
and $fl@S for small.
Black Cherries, 25@500; Royal Annes, 25©50 c;
loose Cherries, 3@4c per lb for black " and
lte@3*6c for Royal Anne.
Figs, 30#50c . per box for single and 80c@$l
for double layers. ' • , : ' '■■
Seedless Grapes from Yuma, ■ per crate.
Currants, $2@B per chest.
Blackberries, $3@4 per chest.
Plums, 50@75c per crate and 26®66c per box.
Apricots 40(?j65c per box and 60@750 per crate
and $35@50 per ton in bulk.
Peaches, 40©76 c per box, 60@760 per basket.
Gooseberries, I(gi2o per ib ■ for common and
3ft®4c for English.
Raspberries, $5@6 per chest.
New Apples, 2.V<}'f>oc per small and 75c@$l per
large box and 25@40c per basket.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, $1 50@2 60;
Seedlings, 50c@$l; Lemons, $1 25<??2 for com
mon and $2 Coij?3 50 for good to choice; Mexi
can Limes, $4: Bananas, $1 25@2 per bunch;
Pineapples, $3@4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
. There Is nothing new to report.
DRIED FRUITS— carload lots. 4%@
5c for 40-50' s, 4Vi®4Vic for 50-00's. 3%@4c for
eo-70's, 3Vi@3ftc for 70-80's. 2%@3c for SO-90's. 2%
<a- l for 90-100's; Peaches, 3©sc; fancy, sft@
6c; peeled, lO@l2ftc; Apricots. o@6V £ c for Royals
anil 7©Sc for good to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, 7V4®Bc; srn-dried. 4ft@sc; Black
Figs, in -sacks, 2©2Vic; Plums. 4ft@4%c for
pitted and 13401% c for unpitted; bleached
Plums, 6@5%c; Nectarines,. 4^(:'c for prime to
fancy; Pears, 2ft@4ftc for quarters and 3@sftc
for halves, according to color, etc.
RAISINS— for two-crown, 2%®3c for
three-crown, 3%@3%c for four-crown, 4%c for
Seedless Sultanas, 2%c for Seedless Muscatels
and $I@l 15 for London layers; dried Grapes,
2V4c.
Walnuts. 3J?4c for hardshell, 4®6c for
softshell; Almonds, 3@4c for hardshell, 6(g7c for
softshell, B%©9c for paper-shell; Peanuts, 4®
Jftc for Eastern and 4'> c for California; Pe
cans, 6ft@Sc; Filberts, 9^l/lOc; Brazil Nuts,
B@9c per lii; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5 per 100.
HONEY— Comb, 9@loc for ' bright and 6@7c
for lower grades; water-white extracted. sft@
6c; light amber extracted. 4%@sftc per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per 17).
PROVISIONS.
There is a steady demand, - both for local
pack and Eastern importations..
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 9c per tb for j
heavy, 9ftc for light medium, 10c for ' light,
lie for extra light and 12@12ftc for sugar cured; j
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, ■ 10ft@llc; Cali
fornia Hams, 9ft@loc: Mess Beef, $10 50 per bbl; j
extra Mess Beef, $11; Family Beef, $12; Salt
Pork, $9; extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear,
$17@17 50; mess. $15; Smoked Beef. 12@l2ftc per
lb. ."si- ;■>'■■■■'-■
LARD— Eastern, tierces quoted at 6c per Ib
for compound and Sc for pure; pails, B%e;
California tierces, sVic per -Ib for compound
and 7c for pure; half barrels, 7Vic; 10-lb
tins, Sc: :>-lb tins, syc.
COTTOLENE — Tierces, 6Tf.@7%c: packages,
less than 300 — 1-lb palls. 60 in a case, 9Vfec;
3-rb palls, 20 In a case, S%c; 5-Ib palls, 12 In a
case, Sftc; 10-lt> pails, 6 in a case, B%c; 60-Ib
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, " T ' c: wooden buckets, 20
lbs net. SMic; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, -7%c per lb.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
All articles under this . head are unchanged.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the notations. Heavy Raited
steers, 10%<fllc; medium, 9%@10c; light, 9@9ftc;
Cowhides, ifoliVjc: States, 6'^e; salted Kip. .iff
9Hc; Calf. 10c; dry Hides, sound. lGy.c; culls an i
brands. 13ft<{?14c: dry Kip and Veal, 16c; dry
Calf. 20c; culls. 16@17c; Goatskins, 20@40c
each; Kids, 6@loc: Deerskins, good summer,
27H(f300; medium,. 50c; winter, 10c; Sheepskins,
shearlings. 20<g30c each: short wool, 30®50c
each: medium. 60@80c;. loner wool, 90c©$l 20
each: Horsehldes. salt, J2li2 50 for large and
$I@2 for small; Colts, 50c; Horsehldes, dry, $2
for large and $1 for small; Colts, 50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, SVjSS^c per It),
No. 2, 2ft@3c: refined. 4ft@4%c: Grease, 2c.
WOOL— Fall clip. Southern Mountain, 7@loc;
free Northern, 9<gH2c. Spring clip— Southern
Mountain, .12 months', 9<Slle; San Joaquln and
Southern, 7 months', Bgioc; Foothill and
Northern, . free, 12*3140; - do. I defective. 10@12c;
Middle county, 13igl6c; Humboldt and Mendo
cino, 15@17c; Nevada, 10fM4c; Eastern Oregon,
10<Jfl2c: Valley Oregon. 15@17c.
HOPS— IB 97 crop, 9#l2ftc per lb.
LAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Previous prices rule for all.. descriptions.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BL—F— First quality, 6ftc; second quality,
sVic; third quality, 4*5 5 c per lb.
YEAL — Large, 4@sc; small, t>iy>7c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, . 7ft@Sc; Ewes, 7@7fto
per Tb.
LAMB— Spring. B@Bftc per lb.
luRK— Hogs, 4ft@4%c ; for large, 5®514c
for medium and 4'»4Vic for small; stock Hogs,
2S'3V4c; dressed Hogs, 7@Bc
GENEii.».L MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 6@sHc; Wool
Bags, nominal; San Quentin,' $4 85.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
lington, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seat
tle, $6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend,
$7 50; Cumberland, $10 25 In bulk and $11 50 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracit.9 Egg, $14; Can
nel, $10 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle Gate,
»7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14 in
sacks. *"—
SUGAR— The Western Sugar : Refining Com
pnr>v quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 7c; Powdered, 6'^c; Candy
Granulated, 6c; Dry Granulated, 5%c; Confec
tioners' A. 6%c; Magnolia A. sfto; Extra C,
5«4c; Golden C, s',ic; California A, 5%c per
lb; half-barrels %c more than barrels, and
boxes %c more. " .7 •
RECEIPTS ~>F PRODUCE.
For Monday, June 27.
Flour, qr sks ... 3,201 Wool, bales 217
Wheat, ctls 154 Pelts, bdls 153
Barley, ctls 1.300 Hides, no 622
Beans, sks 370 Cheese, ctls 26
Potatoes, sks ... 2,202 Butter, ctls 238
Onions, sks ..... 689 Eggs, doz 13.290
Bran, sks 475 Quicksilver, flsk. 76
Middlings, sks .. 45 Leather, rolls ... 90
Hay, tons ........ 345 Lime, bbls ..*.... 81
Straw, tons .. 15 Wine.* gals ...... 42.650
Hops, bales 13 Brandy, gals ..... 6,362
Mustard, sks .... 106
OREGON.
Wheat, ctls ..... 4,loo|Hay, tons 60
Oats, ctls .. .. 300 Straw, tons 10
■Potatoes, sks ... 90 Wool, bales 3
Bran, sks 370 '
: WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks ... 10,768 1 Rye, ctls 1,100
Wheat, ctls 2.360 1 Bran, ska :.«.-.... 400
Barley, ctls 1,0901 Wool, bales 3
Oats, ctla ......... 210iShorts, sks 1,151
THE STOCK MARKET.
-Apathy still characterizes the market for min
ings stocks.. As will be seen jby the weekly
letters below a number of the most Import
ant : mines have suspended work for some
time — \ long nobody, knows. Tha market
yesterday was rather firmer. '••.-.
Local securities were fairly ; active at about
the prices which ruled Saturday. •
The United States ; Smokeless '. Powder Com
pany has levied ;an assessment of 25 cents a
share, delinquent July 25. ; '' • :
The Market-street ; Railway Company has de
clared a quarterly ; dividend -of 60 cents per
share, payable July ; 11. :' . ■..
The Continental Building and Loan Associa
. tion J has declared . a dividend of ; 6 ; per cent . on
ordinary deposits, 7 per cent on one year term
deposits, 10 per cent on class: F stock and 12
per cent on class A stock, payable July 1.
The Morning Star Drift- Mining: Company. of
Placer County paid a dividend of $5 per share
this month. . ' '.•"'■- :
• The usual 30 cents per ' share quarterly divi
dend of the 1 Stockton 'Gas ' and Electrio Com
pany will be paid on the Ist of July. -..-. ■ :
. •; The San Francisco " Gas • and i Klectrio : Com
pany will pay the usual monthly i dividend of
60 cents per share on the Ist of July. , - ;*:
: The Capital Gas Company of Sacramento will
omit Us quarterly dividend In July. -
. The North American '■ Commercial Company
has 'levied an assessment of $10 per share, de
linquent July 26. • • .-- : •■ ? • -. .-.
Con. Cal. ': & - Va. — On * June •20: we " suspended
all work on one shift and continued prospecting
with two shifts. - This chance reduces the force
about . one-third. . ; 1550 , level— ' north - drift
skirting along ■ the ~. footwall : from . the Incline
' upraise at a point * 178 1 feet on \ the slope above
this level,' 3s feet in from its mouth, east cross
icut ; No. i 4 has : been f advanced ■: 4 feet, ' passing
through ! porphyry streaked ; with : quartz i assay
, Ing is 2 , per ton * total > length. =, 24 i feet. Work
j here * has ■ been ; suspended. ; From the *- Incline
upraise No. 1 at a point 112 feet above the Bill
floor ; o^Uus level • trow : ". tha- soutb dxtjt 4 %
- ' • ;:■; ;- - -
point 230 feet in from its mouth, the upraise
started on the east Bide of the drift has been
carried up 6 feet, passing ■ through porphyry
and quartz assaying- from $2 to $5 per ton; total
height, '•- 28 feet. 1650 level— From ■ incline up
raise No. 1 at a point 60 feet above the sill
floor of this level from the south drift skirting
along the footwall. which, is In a total length
of 178 ■ feet, have completed ■ timbering and re
pairing. From the old . east crosscut on the
sill floor of this level at a point ,93 feet in
from its mouth from the upraise carried up 15
feet above the sill floor from the north end
of the openings from the upraise carried up 28
feet, we have worked east and north through
streaks and bunches of ore from which we
have extracted 26 tons of ore assaying per
mine car samples $40 54.' ■ We have also ex
tracted from this part of the mine 6 tons of
low-grade ore. the assay value of which, per
samples taken from cars, was $12 15 ' per ton.
1750 level— On the eighth floor from the upraise
from the east crosscut at a point 27 feet from
its mouth a north drift has been started and
advanced 18 feet, passing through porphyry
streaked ■with quartz,, assaying from $2 to $10
per ton. The total extraction of ore * for the
week amounted to 26 tons, the average assay
value of which, per samples taken from cars
at the surface, was $41 67 per ton.
The Ohpir letter says: On June 20 suspended
work on one shift find continued prospecting
with two shifts. This change reduces the force
employed one-third.
The Mexican letter says: On June 20 we sus
pended all work on one shift and continued
prospecting r.ith two shifts. This change re
duces the force formerly employed one-third.
The Utah Consolidated letter says: Prospect
ing work in the mine was discontinued June 21.
The Sierra Nevada official letter Bays: The
winze punk on the ore on the tunnel level has
heen stoped a'ter attaining a depth of 15 feet.
The west crosscut from the south drift has
also been discontinued; total length. 12S feet.
The face is In porphyry. Started an east cross
cut from the south : drift opposite the west
crosscut and advanced the same' lo feet. The
face is in clay and porphyry- Started a north
drift at a point 36 feet west from the raise
and advanced the same 22 feet. ' The face is In
quartz and porphyry. Have repaired and tim
bered the old Sierra Nevada shaft 30 feet dur
ing the week. Have stoped out 25 mining car
loads of ■ ore from the fourth and fifth floors
during the week. The average assay of the car
samples was: Gold, $14 13; silver. 10.39 ounces"
per ton. Have received $SBOO 52 net proceeds
from 26,390 pounds (178 . sacks) of gulphurets.
At the Union Con. shaft, west crosscut No. 3
from the south lateral drift, started at a point
225 feet south from the upraise and 190 feet
vertically above the sill -floor, of the 900 foot
level has been extended > during the week 15
feet; total, 85 feet. Face in porphyry and clay
seams. In the Sierra Nevada mine on the 900
foot level, west crosscut ' No. 6 from the north
lateral drift, started at a point 100 feet north
from west crosscut i No.' 5 and 550 feet north
from the Sierra Nevada shaft has been ex
tended 15 feet: total length. 164 feet. The face
Is in porphyry.
Brunswick lode, Gould & Curry-Best &
Belcher, 600 level— Joint south drift from
the station has been advanced 11 feet: total
length. 861 feet: face In. porphyry, showing
stringers of quartz. The shaft has been sunk
15 feet on the incline; total depth. 1150 feet;
bottom in hard porphyry. •' The Joint east cross
cut, started in the south drift 600 feet from the
station, was advanced 12 feet; total length, 64
feet: face In porphyry. This crosscut has beer,
discontinued. Sutro tunnel i level— Joint north
drift from the Sutro tunnel has been advanced
14 feet; total length, 152 feet, face In por
phyry.'
Occidental Con.— The official letter for the
past week says: "From the stopes on 550
level we have extracted and milled 140 tons of
ore of the average value, ■ as per battery sam
ples, of $8 60 per ton."
: feTOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. June 27— p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid.Ask.
4s quar c0up..110%111% Pac Gas Imp.. 85 —
4s quar reg...110 HOVi Pac L. Co — 62
is quar new...124<4125 S F G & E... 86% 86%
Miscellaneous — San • Fran .... 3% 3%
Cal-st Cab 55. 114% — Stock Gas 12 —
Cal El 6s 125 — Insurance —
C C Wat 5b... 97%100 Firem's Fund.lßs —
Dup-st ex c... — 98% Bank Stocks—
E L, & P 65..125V4 — Anglo-Cal .... 55 65
F & Cl Ry 65. 113 114 IBank of Ca1.. 244 —
Geary-st R Ss. — 100 Cal S D & T.. 96% —
HC & S 5%5..100 106 First Nat 202% —
L A L Co 6s. — 100 Urn P & A.... 125 130
Do gntd 65.. — 103- Mer Exchange 10 15
Market-st 65. .126 — .Vev Nat B 155 165
Do Ist M .r.5..1t3»i114"2. r .5..1t3»i114" 2 . Savings Banks-
Nat Vln Cs lsts — 97% Ger S & L..1590 —
NSNO Ry 75.103 — Hum S & L.1050 1160
N Ry Cal 65. .103 — Mutual Say. — 42%
N Ry Cal 55..102!4104 S F Say L. . . 480 —
NPC R R 58.101% — S & L. 50.... — 100
Oak Gas ss. 100 — Security S B 250 —
Do 2d Is 55.. — 111 Union T Co. 1000 —
Om Ry 6s 12;.'<;126 Street Railroad—
P & O 6s 108%— California .... — 103
P & Cl Ry 6s. — 112 " Geary 40 —
Powell-st 65...115%120 " Market-st .... 53% 53%
Reno WL&L...ICO — Presidio ....... — 8%
Sac ElecßyJs.loo — ' Powder—
SF & N P 55.10S — California ....120 160
SierraßCal Cs. — 103 E Dynamite... 85 90
S Pof Ar 65. .105% — Giant Con Co. 48»4 48%
S P Cal 65.... — 113 Vlporlt 3 3%
SPC Is eg 55.. 94 — • ■ Miscellaneous—
S P Br 65.....112% — Al Pac Assn.. S3 93%
S V Wat G3...U6%117 Ger Ld Wks.JlO —
S V Wat 45... 102>4103 Hana P C 0.... 11 12
Stock Las 65.. — 103 H C & S Co.. 23% 23%
• Water Stocks— Hutch S P Co. 45% 50
Contra Costa.. — 54 ' M»r Ex Assn. 90 — '
Marln Co ■". 60 — Nat Vln C 0...— 7
Spring Valley. 97% 98 i Oceanic S Co. 89% 60
Gas & Electric— Pac A F L... V,' 2 2Vi
Cent Gaslight. lo3 — Pac Bot Co — 103
Mutual El Co. — 11»4 Par Paint Co. 7 —
Oakland Gas.. 47 —
Morning Session.
10 Oakland Gas 47 50
55 S F Gas & Electric Co 87 00
100 Vlgorit Powder 3 00
40 Market-street Railway 53 50
135 Giant Powder C0n...: 4S 50
10 Spring Valley Water 97 50
150 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 23 75
50 do do 23 37<4
150 do do ...: 23 624
25 Hutchinson S P C 0.;..,;. 49 87^
100 do • do 49 75
Afternoon Session.
10 Spring Valley Water 97 50
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 23 50
70 Hutchlnson 8 P Co 49 75
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 86 75
20 do do 86 62%
55 do do 86 B0
£0 S F Gaslight 3 25
SO Oceanic Steamship Co 59 00
50 Vlgorlt Powder 300
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
40 Giant Powder Con 47 25
SO Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 23 50
Afternoon Session.
60 Glar.t Powder Con 4S 25
Street—
150 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 23 3714
20 do do 23 25
40 Hutchlnson S P Co 49 75
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the snips In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
?00 Challenge 14 ' 50 Sierra Nevada.. 51
?00 Chollar 06 1 250 Standard 160
500 Con Cal & Va.. 22] 100 Yellow Jacket... 13
800 2HBOO 14
Afternoon Session.
1050 Alta 04!200 Hale & Norcrs. 50
200 Belcher 04|100 51
2uO Challenge 14 j 50 Mexican 08
100 Chollar 05 100 Ophir 13
100 06 500 Potosl 06
400 Con Cal & Va... 20 1 400 Sierra Nevada.. 46
SOO 211100 Union Con 14
100 Crown Point ... 06 1 100 13
100 Justice 03 ;'200 Yellow Jacket... 14
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Chollar 0512C0 Ophir 19
200 061500 S B & M 04
200 Con Cal & Va... 20 1200 Sierra Nevada.. 51
200 21200 50
200 22! 200 Standard 155
300 Crown Point ... 05,100 150
300 Gould & Curry.. 07 iIOO Union Con 15
200 Justice 06 i
Afternoon Session.
800 Best & Belcher.. 131100 18
400 Caledonia 14 1 700 Sierra Nevada.. 45
800 13 400 Union Con 02
200 Con Cal & Va.. 20400 Union Con 14
MM) Justice 05|j00Utah 02
200 Ophir 13 1
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, June 27—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid.Ask.
Alpha 01 03! Julia — 02
Alta — 05|JuHtice 04 05
Andes 02 04'Kentuck 03 05
Belcher 04 05 1 Lady Wash — 02
Best & Belcher 12 14; Mexican OS 09
Bullion — 03 Ophir 17 10
Caledonia 13 14|Overman 03 04
Chollar 05 06|Potosi 05 06
Challenge Con. 13 15 Savage 02 04
Confidence — 30iSeg Belcher ... — 04
Con Cal & Va. — 19 Scorpion 01 02
Con Imperial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 44 45
Crown Point.... 06 07 Silver Hill — 06
Con New York. — 02 Syndicate — 03
Eureka Con ... — 20 Standard —160
Exchequer 02 03 1 Union Con 13 14
Gould & Curry. 07 OS; Utah 01 03
Hale & Norcrs. 50 61 1 Yellow Jacket. 13 15
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Rose Brennan to John and Joseph A. Bren
nan, undivided one-half of lot on 8 line of
Fell street, 110 E of Octavia, E 56 by S 120;
gift.
John Hunt to Lillie L. Hunt, lot on W line
of Octavia street. 30 N of Bush, N 30 by W
100: gift.
Ramon M. Agulrre to Matilda A. Agutrre.
lot on N line of Turk street, 26 E of Webster,
E 25:9 by N 120; also lot on E line of Powell
street, 65 S of Broadway, S 31:10 by E 96; also
lot on E line of Powell street, 96:10 8 of Broad
way, S 20:4 by E 98:6; also lot on E Una of
Powell street, 117:2 8 of Broad way, S 20:4 by
E 98:6; also lot on NE corner of Turk and
Webster streets E 26 by S 120; also property
!n San Benito County; $10.
Evalyn A. and Irwln C. Stump to Edwin H.
Mozart, lot on N line of McAllister street, 100
E of Scott. E 100, N 127:6, W 99, S 37:6, W 1
S 100; $10.
John J. Leonard to Enevold Chrlstensen, lot
on E line of York street. 197:6 N of Twenty
second, N 25 by E 100; $10.
Mathew Dougherty to Lizzie F. Dougherty
(wife of M.), lot on W Una of York street, 270
8 of Twenty-fifth. 3 SO by W 100; also lot 16.
272 on E side, IS6 on W and 90 feet In rear;
gift.
James C. Regan, Edward and Mary C. Kelly
(by R I "Whelan, Sheriff) to Margaret Kelly,
lot on W line of Noe street. 79 N of Twenty
fifth. N 35 by W 80; $2763.
Samuel H. Kent to A. W. Jackson, Jot on \V
line of Leavenworth street. 137:6 N of Post. S
27:6 by W 110; |10.
George W Frlnk to James Reardon, lot on
S line of Minna street, 125 E of Eighth. E 20
by S 69; $5.
James Reardon to Mary A. Reardon. Bame;
Anthony Quill to Mary A. Barrett, lot on E
line of De Haro street, 240 3 of Nevada, b
26:8 by E 100; $10.
Llzzi» Lobree to Dora Grass (wife of An
drew) lot on W line of Seventeenth avenue, 2o
S of X. S 25 by W 120; $10.
H. S. Kozminsky to H. S. Kozmlnsky and
Edward Heringhl, lot on W line of Princeton
stre-t. 100 S of Dwlght. W 120 by S 100, lot 2,
block 77, 1/nlversity Homestead: $10.
Endora B Deun to Michael Loftus, lot on
SF lino of San Jose street, 164:2% N of Twen
ty-ninth. SE 73:8"-,. XE 28, XW 78:9%. S 25:5%,
Precita Valley lands; $5.
Snme to John Brandt, lot on SE line of San
Jose avpnne, 159:7% X of Twenty-ninth street.
BE 7^::.^. xk SO, XW SS:11%: S 50:10%; $10.
S'innysi.le Land Company and California Ti
tle Insurance and Trust Company to the Mc-
Carthy Company (a corporation), lots 3 and 4,
block 37 Sunnyside: fv\
Same to S. O. Rice (wife M. S.), lots 23 and
24. block 28, Sunnyslde; $10.
P. G. Rice (wife of M. S.) to Benjamin F.
Hire, same; $W.
Alameda County.
Asa C. Storldard and Alfred S. Barber (by
commissioner) to Puget Sound Lumber Com
pany, lot on N line of Enoinal avenue since
widened, 100 W of Walnut street. W 100 by X
140, being lots 8 and 7, block V, less a strip
10 feet wide taken for widening Encina! ave
nue, being portion of Pioneer Homestead As
sociation, Alameda; $3500.
A. J. and Delia McLeod and James P. Still
(by Sheriff) to Alice A. Stombs, lots 1. 2. 3 and
5, block 18, McLeod Tract, Livermore, Murray
Township; $25.
David and Lena Mane to Alexander Marx,
lot on E corner of East Fifteenth street and
Seventh avenue. XE 10fl by SE 100, block 71,
Clinton, East Oakland; $10.
Pauline W. and William Brock to the Blake
Company (a corporation), lot on SW corner
of Marlposa avenue and Maccall street, S 50
by W IX. being lot 7 and X 4 feet lot 8. block
F, Brumlgan Tract, Oakland Annex; $100.
James and Rebecca Stewart to Albert S. Da
vis, lctf on 8 line of Elizabeth street. 225 E of
San PSblo avenue. E 50 by S 100. being lot 5,
Potts Tract, subject to a mortgage for $250,
Oakland Annex: $10.
Carl W. Mueller to Alfred Fuhrman, lot on
XE corner Bay place and Lee street, X
121.33. E 132. S 28. W 100.01, S 87, W 100.50, to
beginning, Oakland: $10.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to H.
H. Fassett. lot 90. in plat 13. Mountain View
Cemetery. Oakland Township; $63.
(Anson S. and Anita S. Blake to Pauline W.
Brock, lot on W line of Benvenue avenue, 40
S of Parker street. S 60 by W 159.44, being lot
32 and X 20 feet lot 33, block G, Hlllegass
Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Frank L. Esmond to James Bruner, lot on
S line of Eddy street, 240 E of Dwinelle. E 40
by P 132:6. being lot 7, block 5, Case Tract,
Berkeley; $lfl.
A. Shirk to L. F. O. Randall, the X 5 feet
of lot 2, Shirk Tract, San Leandro, Eden Town
ship; $100.
John Bole to H. G. Brings, lot on SE corner
of Myrtle and Fifth streets, E '50 by S 109,
block 452. Oakland; $5.
G. W. and Eliza J. Orayson. W. J. and Mary
E. Owen. J. W. and Mary E. Phillips to James
P. Taylor, lots 11 and 12, block 203, Oakland;
$10.
Ruby Hugunfn to Xellie T. Pearce, lots 15 to
18 block 116. Oakland; $10.
Hortense B. Sutherland to Nellie A. Hlckens.
lot on E line of Grand street, ir>o X of Eagle
avpnue, X 50 by E 10S. block 56, lands adjacent
to Encinal, Alameda: Sio.
William H., Rod W., Isabelle and Mattle
Church to Florence A. Xusbnumer (wife of G.
L. Xusbaumer), lot beginning at a point 116
S from the SW corner of Charming way and
Mary street. S 40 by W 130, block 23, McGee
Tract, Berkeley: $10.
Mary A. and George X. Martin to John Tons,
lot on S line of Francisco street. 223 W of Shat
tuck avenue. W 4? by S 135, lot 9. block A,
Janes Tract. Berkpjpy; $10.
Ada and Hartland Law to First Baptist
Church of Berkeley, lot on X line of Allston
way. 96 W of Oxford street, W SO by X 127:6,
Mnrk B. Blake Tract, map 1, Berkeley; JlO.
TKIB CALL CALENDAR.
June, IS9B.
Th.
2
Moon'e 'ph&sM,
8 <
10 11
17 1$
HT IT
©*\ill Moon,
W June!
zio-Last Quarter,
*&■ June 1&
y^v New Mooa,
w - June 18.
1*
21
15
"a*
16
23
BUN, MCON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geode'io Survey— ]
Times and Heights of High and Low !
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
JUNE— IB9B.
Tuesday, June 28.
Moon sets 0:2 a. m.
Sun rises 4:."0
Sun sets T.ii
Feet.
(B
H W
L . W|
0:2 SI 1.2
1:27 0.6
2:25| —0.1
I 3:18 —0.6
I 4:09 —1.1
~ 4:" —1.3
5:44] —1.3
6:52
8:25;
9:42
10:44
11:34
12:18
1:00
3.7
3.9
4.1
4.2
4.5
O
11:34'
12:30|
1:29
2:27
3:23
4:21 i
s:lS|
2.8 6:11!
2.S 6:57
3.1 7:47
3.1 8:39
3.2! 9:32
3.2 10:27
S.I t 11:22
6.5
5.7
6.0
6.2
6.2
6.2
6.1
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are riven in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide |
and the last or right hand column gives the j
last tide of the day, except when there are but j
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights !
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from ,
the depth Riven by the charts. The plane of i
reference Is thp mean of the lower low waters.
_
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Coos Bay
Empire
Willamette
Oregon
North Fork
.Alameda ......
Orizaba.. — ...
Washtenaw.. ..
Acapulco... I
Columbia
Pomona
Crescent City..
Coos Bay INewpnrt, IJurn?
Empire [Coos Bay 1 June
Willamette (Seattle June
Oregon j Portland j June
North Fork Humboldt ijune
.Alameda Sydney June
Orizaba Humboldt June
Wnshtena-w.. ..ITacoma June
Acapulco (Panama I June
Columbia I Portland ] June
Pomona ISan Diego June
Crescent City. . ICrescent City June
City of Panama [San Jose de Guatemala. June
Umatllla [Victoria & Puget Sound [July
Arcata ICoos Bay July
Homer [Newport July
Tltania ' Nanalmo July
BriFtol lOnmox i Juty
Chilkat 'Humboldt t Uuly
State CallforniaiPortland July
Santa Rosa ! San Diego July
City of Rio iChina & Japnn Uuly
IJun»2S
tate
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Bteaxner. Destination. Sails. Pier.
Santa Rosa San Diego June 28, 11 am Pier 11
Chilkat ....|Humboldt .... June 28. 9 am Pier 13
Fulton 1 Oregon Ports. June 2S, 8 am I Pier 20
Oregon (Portland June 2D, 10 amjPier 12
Coos Bay... I Newport June 30. 9 anvPier 11
Walla W'all^ Vic & Pgt Sd. June 30, 10 am!Pler 9
Cy PanamajPanama July 1, 12 ra-PMSS
Orteaba Humboldt July 1. 10 ami Pier 9
Columbia ..Portland July 2. 10 am! Pier 12
Areata 'Coos Bay 'July 2. 10 am! Pier 13
Pomona IRan Diegr> IJuly 2. 11 ami Pier 11
North Fork. [Humboldt — |July 3. 9 ami Pier 2
Homer Newport !July 4. 9amlPierll
t'matilla ..'VJo. & P(?t SdUuly 5, 10 am Pier fl
State Cal.. 'Portland ljuly 5. 10 ami Pier 12
Cleveland ..[Alaska iJuly S I
Bteamer.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange v
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and -»ail
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the late«t
Information can always be obtained reeardlne
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce. a
The time ball on top 'of the building on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon and is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian
by telegraphic signal received eaoh day f-om
the rnlted States Naval Observatory at Mare
Inland, Cal. "*"
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time or giving the error. If any Is
published the same day by the afternoon papers
TIME BALL! —
Branch . Hydrographlc Of flea. US N Mer
27 ha iß9S Exchangre - San Francisco.' June
n I?S tl 7 eba "u? ras no ,J dropped June 37 on ao-
SSSS?kSS n . en i ibeln *f broken. - Will not
drop before 30th lnst. . CHAS. P WELCH
Enßlgn.-U. S. N... in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
•-__■-- " " ' Monday, - June 27.
mox W ' stmr San Mate °. 95 hours . from . Co
*pS^JsJ! !nston ' ; *™**> « *»« from
Btmr Sunol, Dettmere, 18 hours from Hardy
Creek.
Stmr George Loomis, Brldgett, 84 hour* (from
Ventura.
Shjp J B Brown, Magune, 24 days frco Co
mox, via Port Angeles 15 days. Bound to
Dutch Harbor, put in leaking.
Ship Tacoma, Davles. 8. days from Nanalmo.
Bktn Gleaner, Peck, 6 days from Grays Har-
bor.
Schr Coquelle. Pearson, 3 days from Coquille
River.
Schr Conflanza, Jensen, 3H days from Co
quille River.
Schr Berwick, Anderson, 3 days from Co
qullle River.
Schr Five Brothers, Jensen, 16 hours from
Fishprmans Bay.
Schr Melancthon, Bellesen, 3% days from
Coos Bay.
CLEARED.
Monday, June 27.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Parsons, San Diego; Goud
all. Perkins & Co.
Haw bark Roderick Dhu. Rock, Hilo; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
Br bark City of Adelaide, Williamson, Syd
ney; J J Moore & Co.
SAILED.
Monday, June 27.
Stmr Indiana, Moile. Manila and Honolulu.
Stmr Morgan City. I^each, Manila and H.jh
olui'.i.
Stmr Ohio. Bofrgs, Manila and Honolulu.
Stmr City of Para. '/.*■•■•}, t. Manila and Hon
olulu.
Stmr Point Arpna. Hanspn. M^ndocino.
Stmr WhitPSbom Johnson.
Ptmr Scotia, Hansen. r'un-ka.
Schr Netflf Snndb.-rrg, Johnson, Fi?h Rnok.
Schr J Eppin^pr, Colstrup. Stewarts Point.
Schr John A, Helli-ulst, F.ti'-cka.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POIXT LOBOS, June 27.— 10 p. m.— Weather.
hazy; wind, SW: velocity. 16 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Port Carlisle loads wheat at Portland
for South Africa, 42s 6d.
SPOKEN.
Per san Mateo— June 27 off the llghshlp Fhip
Tacoma, from Xanalmo, for San Francisco.
MEMORANDUM.
Per ship J B Brown— Sailed from Comcx
June 3. Put into Port Angeles June " for a
crew and In a leaking condition and sailed fop
San Francisco for repairs.
Per Conflanza — On the passage up lost Sea
man Herman Johnson In lat 41 18 X, long
126 W.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BOWEXS LAXDlXG— Arrived June 27— Schr
Corinthian, hence June 24.
HARDY CREEK— Sailed June 28— Stmr Su
nol, for San Francisco.
POINT REYES— Passed June 27— Ship J b
Brown, from Comox, for San Francisco.
NEWPORT— SaiIed June 27— Schr Eliza Mil
ler, hence June 15.
VEXTTRA— Arrived June 27— Schr C T Hill,
from Grays Harbor.
PAX PEDKO— Arrived June 27— Schr Win
Renton. from Tacoma.
SEATTLE— SaiIed June 27— Stmr Del Xorta,
for Pt Michael; stmr Protection, for Orca.
FORT ROSS— Arrived June 26— Schr La Chil
ena. hence June 2-}.
EUREKA— Passed June 26— Br bark P»n
rhyn Castle, hence June 24 In tow of tug Wiz
ard, for Portland.
Arrived June 27 — Schr Mabel Gray, frm New
port; stmr Pasadena, from San Pedro.
TATOOPH- -Passed June 28— Stm Washtenaw,
from Tacoma. Tor San Francisco.
SOUTH BEX D— Sailed June 27— Schr James
A Garfleld ; stmr Signal, for San Francisco.
NEWPORT— Arrived June 27— Stmr Laguna,
from .
POIXT REYES— Passed June 27— Ship J B
Brown, from Comox, for San Francis Co.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HOXGKOXG — Arlrved June 26— Br stm Dorlo,
hence May 2S.
CAPE -TOWN— Arrived June 22— Nor bark
Ellora. from Hastings Mill.
COLOX— Sailed June 24— Stmr Advance, for
New York.
MAZATLAN— SaiIed Jun« 24— Stmr Acajralco.
for San Francisco.
TRAXS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived June 27— Stmr Cuflo.
from Xew York.
HAMBURG— SaiIed June 20— Stmr Patrla,
for Xew York.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed June 27 — Stmr
Bremen, for Xew York.
XEW YORK — Arrived June 27— Stmr Am
sterdam, from Amsterdam.
SWISS-AMERICAN BANK
Of Locarno, Switzerland, and
CALIFORNIA MORTGAGE & SAVINGS SANK,
624 Montgomery street. San Francisco.
Paid up capital and reserves $620,C00
A General Savings and Commercial Banking
business transacted.
Interest paid on savings deposits.
Loans on approved real estate security and
on commercial paper.
DIRECTORS:
Ernst A. Denicke, A. Sbarboro. J. C. Rued,
E. Martinoni, F. C. Siebe. A. Tognazzini. H.
Erunner, McD. R. Venable, J. C. Bauer, fc\
Kronenberg. Chas. Martin. C. Gehret. P. Tog-
nazzlnl. S. Grandl. G. Rottaazl.
OCEAN TEA?£L
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
I^. Steamers leave Broadway
WSj^,,^ wharf, San Francisco.
5 hKhßbbw *" or Alaskan ports. 10 a. m..
WPPgjß^ June 5, 30, 15, 20, 25. SO. July 5.
1 E& KHaWa „ transfer at Seattle.
I 1E&591 «1 For Alaskan porta (from
IKHmtk^mmi Folsom-street wharf). 10 a. m..
ir^^»KHwW June 6 . 26 . July l", August 4.
26, transfer at Portland. Or.
t For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
C ) Port Townsend. Seattle. Taconia. Everett.
Anacortes and New Whatcom ash.), 10 a.
m June 6, 10. 16, 20, 25. 30, July 6. and every
fifth day thereafter, connecting at Seattle with
this company's steamers for Alaska and O. N.
Ry., at Tacoma with N. P. Ry.. at Vancouver
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 10 a. m..
June :, 7, 13. 19, 25, July . 1, and every sixth
day thereafter.
For Santa Crux, Monterey, San Simeon,
Ca vie. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo).
Gavlota. Santa Barbara, Ventura, Huenems,
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m., June 2, 6. 10. 14. IS, 22. 26. 10,
July 4, and every fourth day tnereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), It'
a. m., June 4, 8. 12. 16. 20. 24, 23. July 2. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia: and Guaymas (Hex.). .10 a. m., June 17.
July 2.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing date*
ar'' »io>irs of »aUtn<-
TICKET OFFICE New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOOD ALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agts..
* 10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE G. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
:p or, t :l, .a. isr d
• From Folsom-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
FARC 12 First Class Including BertH
Inn I. S8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia — -.... June 6, 14, 2S
State of California June 8, 17, 28
Oregon June 11, 20, 30
St. Paul $16 00 1 St. Louis $35 00
Kansas City 26 00 Chicago 27 50
Omaha 26 00 j New York ... 3100
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
/ 630 Market st.
GOOD ALL, PERKINS ft CO.,
t Superintendents.
©■VMBIIP The 8- S. ALAMEDA
<f ls»3srassL sallM via Honolulu and
r|j|*" a-BW Auckland for Sydney
■ um^—^. Wednerday. July 13. at
dj^r L* A 2p- m -
r»s/inN)iD<^ The sailing for Hono-
QntaillJlliy lulu June 29 i» can-
/ofnn/inu,ceied.
VyillfJUlC*! Line to COOLGAR-
DIE. Australia, and CAPE TOWN. Soutlj
Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents.
114 Montgomery st.
Freight office— Market St.. San Francisco.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantic
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new), 42 N V rtt
River, foot of Morton st. "%fcMifr
by this : line avoid both transit by*» M""*■
English railway and the dlscomfbrt of crossing;
the channel In a small boat. -New York to
Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris, first class. »160;
second class. $116. _ , ... "
LA BOURGOGNE • July 2. 10 a. nu
LA TOURAINE • i July ,f- 10 a. in.
LA NORMANDIE July 18. 10 a. m.
LA BRETAGNE , 3 ? 1 ?^-' 10 a. m
LA GASCOGNE ..July 30, 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENER ALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE, Agent, BowHng . Greeai New Torlt (
' No. 3 Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
eve.. San Francisco. "
DIRECT TO PARIS, LONDON. HAMBURG.
F. Bismarck.... June 30] A. Victoria.. . .August H
F. . Bismarck July 28|F. Bismarck.. August 2S
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
J NEW YORK. HAMBURG DIRECT.
Pennsylvania. . .June 25|Pretoria July »
Pa1atia...........Ju1y 2|Patria July M
Hamburg-American Line. 37 Broadway, N. Y.
HERZOQ & CO.. General Agents Pacific Coast.
401 California St.. cor. Sansome, San Francisco.
FOR 0. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
' f . Steamer "Montlcello."
Hon., Tues., Wed .. Thurs, and Sat. ......•>•
9:45 a. m. 3:15 p. m. <S:3O p. m. ex. Thurm.l
Fridays .................... 1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays ..................10:30 a. m. and * p. <«■
Landing and Offices— Dock, fiW V _!_
Talephoa* K«d 1241.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
DECLINES TO
PAY HIS RENT
Dr. Woolsey Sues His Old
Friend and Partner.
ENGAGES FIVE LAWYERS
pB. DUNN ASKED TO PAY HALF
OF THE LOSSES.
War Has Emptied the Block and
the Senior Partner Will Exer
cise Patience No
More.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, June 27.
The spirit of the war has made itself
felt In the doctors' block at Twelfth and
Broadway. This afternoon Dr. EL li.
Woolsey filed a suit which shows that
the long standing friendship between him
and Dr. J. H. P. Dunn, health officer ana
Burgeon of the Fifth Infantry, has ended.
Dr. "Woolsey desires Dr. Dunn to pay
him $1534 45, which he declares is due as
the result of their mutual losses in try-
Ing to act as joint landlords of the build-
Ing where they have so long done busi
ness.
In December, I^9l. Dr. Woolsey leased
the upper portion of the building, and did
very well as sole lessee until August,
1^95. In the latter year l>r. Dunn
It would be to his advantage to
partnership with Dr. Woolsey. The two
doctors agreed, and at once went Into the
business of office-leasing. Dr. Woolsey
was to pay fcvj for his ii;>.ndsome ol
Dr. Dunn was to pay Sin. The business
•went along for a year or two, and Dr.
AVoolsey paid the money on the lease reg
ularly, but, according to his complaint,
he did not collect as regularly from his
partner.
About three months ago the partners
had a quarrel and submitted the matter
to several attorneys and it was patched
up. More reci ntly the patriotic spirit !);'.?>
struck the doctors, and as a result the
building at Twelfth and Broadway Is
tiai'y deserted and will probably be more
ao before long. Dr. Travers has gone to
war: Dr. Ludlow has also gone; Dr. l!;im
lin is hoping to get away every week,
while Dr. Dunn is considerably ai
that he was not appointed surgeon of the
Eighth California Volunteers. This
pect of having empty Offices on hand has
evidently forced the issue, for Dr.
Bey states that Dr. Dunn is liable for
his own unpaid office rent and half the
losses in addition.
Dr. Dunn, it appears, is $120 behind with
his rent, and ] ">r. Woolsey alleges that
since the partnership was formed he has
epent $11,1*..3. and taken in onlj •*•
According to this view of the case Dr.
Dunn is liable altogether tor 11534. Is
legal ability can secure the paym< I
this money Dr. Woolsey Bhould feel quite
easy, for his attorneys are Messrs. Reed
<<- Xusbaumer, while W. W. Foote, George
W. Baker and Hart H. North appear as
of counsel.
CONSTABLE HITCHCOCK
IS NOT A SCHEMER
DENIES THAT HE SHOOTS TO
CREATE FEAR.
Residents at Piedmont Start Humors
That May Be Ventilated in an
Action for Damages.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
Broadway, June
Some of the residents of Piedmont and
Deputy Constable Hitchcock are just
now engaged in a controversy which pos
sesses many unique At pres
ent the residents, headed by Ri-
Garnett. are talking among them
and occasionally to the newspaper men,
while Mr. Hitchcock is talking to law
yers, and hints at the possibility of dam
age suits.
Hitchcock is a Deputy Sheriff and spe
cial officer at Piedmont. He depends for
his salary upon the voluntary payments
of the residents of his territory. Some
of these residents do not think they are
in need of any special protection, and
they are convoying the impression that
Mr. Hitchcock is attempting to impress
them with the idea that BUch prot<
Js a necessity if they' value th- ir lives
and property. On several occasions with
in the past three months .stray shots
have been heard around the vicinity of
Mr. Garnett's house. The morning after
the shooting, bo it is paid. Mr. Hitchcock
roes around to collect. A few days ago
Mr. Garnett reported to the police that
an attempt had been made to shoot him
by a big fellow, who escaped when Gar
nett went to the door. Hitchcock be
lieves that Garnett intended to convey
the impression that be did the shooting,
and has consulted Attorneys Reed & Nua
baumcr about .the matter.
The general impression among some of
the residents is that the firing is done as
a ruse to make it appear that burglars
and other desperate characters are
around, and that special protection is
necessary. Hitchcock indignantly denies
this suggestion, and took two little boys
before the Chief of Police who Btated
that they were responsible f<>r the shoot
ing by exploding some, torpedoes. Gar
nett and his neighbors scout any su-.h
theory and declare that they have heard
genuine shots, and believe that they ar«
the victims of a ruse more than of des
perate characters.
Hitchcock declares that Garnett Is op
posing him because he has asked for a
email contribution toward supporting the
special officer. He denies all insinuations
and says that at the time Garnett re
ports he heard the shooting and saw the
tall man disappear over his back fenco
he was over a mile from the place. The
matter is being Investigated and is creat
ing great Interest in Piedmont. Many <,t
the residents are prepared to support
Hitchcock's character, while some are
not positive in their own minds as to the
best course to pursue.
Purpose of a Civic Club.
OAKLAND, June 27.— Mrs. Emma Shat
ter Howard has published a circular in
which she advocates the establishment of
a public board whose duty It shall be to
devote itself entirely to the beautifying of
the city. She is a leading member of the
Civic Club, just incorporated, and in her
circular says:
'! The Civic Club of Oakland has begun its
work under this conviction, and did not take
its name until .it had performed actual service
in behalf of clean streets, demonstrating the
hand-sweeping method to the satisfaction of
the merchants who helped to sustain t sev
eral months; also taking: the initiative In tree
planting around the squares and along the
sidewalks and in the "park- question in Oak
land. The Civic Club did not Incorporate un
♦ll ready to put in its bid with that of others
.for the street, cleaning of the city. It calls
upon every man and woman and child for
membership, as well a* for voluntary and
active co-operation In its direct, simple and
"businesslike methods.
Arranging the Details.
OAKLAND, June 27.-The committees
having In charge the Fourth of July cele
bration met to-night and air reported sat
isfactory progress. . Mayor Thomas has
issued the following notice:
The sham battle on the 4th day of July will
be fought on Adams' Point between 1 and 3
P*A splendid view of the battle may be had
from the boulevard, the Twelfth-street dam
and the highest ground on Adams Point
■ The bombardment and destruction of Morro
Castle will be had between 9 and 10 o'clock
in the evening. The castle will be In position
on Thursday and the battle-ship Greater Oak
land will be lying In Lake Merritt the same
"Fifty thousand people can view the bombard
ment from the lake shore, west Bide, the
Twelfth-street dam and the boulevard. .
To prevent accidents ropes will be stretched
a safe distance from the castle, and the public
It warned that no person shall so beyond the
ropef. Do not, allow your enthusiasm ?to . get
you into danger.. •...-.-
ALL WANT TO
RUN SINGLY
Davis and Pardee Shy
of Combinations.
MANY SCHEMES PROPOSED
SOME FAVOR A COUNTY CON
VENTION AT ONCE.
The Multiplicity of Plans Shows
How Thoroughly All the Offce-
Seekers Are in the
Dark.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, June 27.
There is a movement on foot to try
to induce the Republican County Central
Committee to call the county convention
nnd got it out of the way before the State
Central Committee meets, and issue its
call for the State convention. Should this
be done it will keep all the fights apart |
and will result in two or more primaries, i
It ia now dawning upon this county
that there is a possibility of its wanting
too much. It Is one of the seven counties
in the Congressional District and one
of eight times as many more in the State,
and yet it wants the Congressman from j
this county as well as the Governor, not- |
withstanding the fact that it already has
the United States Senator.
This idea is causing all the candidates
for high offices to be very wary. Should j
gubernatorial and Congressional can-:
didatea unite it is realized that the com-!
bination might be beaten on the ground
that Oakland wants too much. For this
i reason Davis, Pardee, Hilborn and Met- j
j calf are all stating that they would like
to have separate primaries for State,
Congressional and county conventions,
and at the same time they are all trying
; to find out. whether it would be more ad
visable to combine or not. This condi
tion [b likely to continue until it is con-
Bidered too late for other candidates to
1 put up the cry that Alameda is selfish,
which time all kinds of combina
• tions may be expected.
Among the machine politicians a new
• proposition is put forward about once a
week. Not long ago it was solemnly de
' clared that the only way I i secure a
united delegation was by electing dele
! gates to the State convention at a coun
| ty convention specially called ' for that
purpose. A little later it was announced
that delegates to the State convention
would be elected from Assembly districts
and thla also was said to insure a solid
delegation from Alameda. Now another;
scheme la being bruited which is to hold
three primaries and three conventions i
and keep the different issues widely i
apart. Still another idea is to have an j
early county convention called before the j
State convention, so that there can be
no combinations between county and
State offices.
All these plans convey the Idea that
there is an element at work on the rule
or-ruin policy, and who clutch at every
Imaginary expression of public opinion to
hold its own. As a matter of fact, thia !
planning and scheming and rumoring of
how these questions of combinations or j
te primaries shall be settled are all
without foundation and merely the whims '
of the individuals who start them goln*
the rounds. Until the State committee j
meets nothing definite can possibly be j
known.
This morning Dr. Pardee said that he. !
Is in favor of any plan which will give
the nomination to an Alameda County I
man.
"If Alameda County sends two cand:- !
dates to the State convention she will a»
usual get left and come h<->me with' hei :
political tail between her political legs," ;
said the doctor.
W. It. Davis, when asked for his opin
ion, said:
"We wish it to be distinctly under- j
stood that we have no choice of our own
in the matter of primaries. We are work- !
ing for one end and one end only— the
nomination for Governor. We have al
ways been in the habit of obeying the
mandates of the properly-constituted au
thoritips of the Republican party In this
State and county, and we shall continue
to do so. If one primary is ordered, we
shall prepare for one primary. If I
half a dozen are ordered we i
shall accept the situation with equal good
grace. We are Republicans and have no
desire to sway or dictate to those who
are at the head of the party organiza
tion.
"It has been stated in print that we
have made a combination with Mr. Hil
born. Such a statement is absolutely un
true. We have never sought, nor are we
seeking any combination with anybody.
We are following the policy laid down
in the beginning of our campaign ana
shall not depart from it."
NO SALOONS IN CAMP.
Supervisors Decide to Issue No More
Licenses.
OAKLAND, June 27.— The Supervisors
this morning received a communication
from fhe Fruitvale Sanitary District
Board, setting forth the fact that a mili
tary camp is to be established within
its jurisdiction and asking the Supervis
ors not to grant any permits for the sale
of iiquor within that district other than
those which now exist. The board de
cided to agree absolutely with the re
quest.
W. W. Foote brought up the matter of
the Harwood Creek, from which it is said
water has been drawn for use on the
county road. As Supervisor Roeth pledged
himself that no more water should be
drawn from the creek the matter was
dropped.
Bids for county supplies were received
and opened. The contracts will be award
ed next week.
SERVED ON A COiCPSE.
A Legal Paper That Needs Some
Explanation.
OAKLAND, June 27.— James K. Jeffress
may have to explain to the Superior
Court how he accomplished the feat of
serving a paper on Mrs. Mary Styles after
she had been ten years in her grave.
Henry K. Styles died in August, 1895. and
before his 'loath he built a house in North
Oakland. His first wife, Mary, died ten
years before that, and Styles married
again. JOst before his death suit was
commenced to foreclose a lien on the
house, and among the papers in the suit
which Is .now being -'viewed In court
Is the typewritten afli<*.tvit of Jeffress, in
which he swears t!' ■•• he personally
served a summons on Mary Styles, known
to him to be such party. A search re
garding the title brought this curious con
dition of r.ffalrs to light.
Battered by a Woman.
OAKLAND, June 27.— Miss ("lark, super
intendent of the Women's Exchange, will
have to answer to a charge of nattery
preferred against her by Constable yon
Karff. While attempting to serve an at
tachment on the lady the Constable al
leges that she struck him on the face.
Mif-s Clark asserts that the Constable
snatched some money and her watch from
her and threw the watch across the store,
when she decided to defend herself.
Mrs. Cochran Is Found.
OAKLAND, June 27.— Mrs. J. T. Coch
ran has been found. After leaving her
home without notifying even her husband
she went to Mountain View to visit a wo
man who formerly worked in her family.
She wrote to her husband to-day, saying
that sho did not know why she went
away, thfU she Is sorry for causing so
much trouble and will return home at
once.
Health Board Appointments.
OAKLAND, June 27.— Dr. O. D. Hamlln
was appointed by Mayor Thomas this
morning to fill the vacancy caused by the
Expiration of the term of Dr. Chamberlain
as member of the Board at Health. Dr.
J. P. Kltc-hins, whose term also expired,
was also reappolnted. Dr. Chamberlain
wrs the last of the homeopaths on the
board which Is now absolutely allopathic.
THE SAIN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 28, 1808.
DASHED INTO
A LOCOMOTIVE
A Flying Train and Mad
Horses Collide.
ONE IS INSTANTLY KILLED
DRIVER SCHLEUTER ESCAPES
BY BEING THROWN OUT.
Runaway at Fruitvals Caused by a
Wheel Breaking From a Heavy
Wagon and Startling the
Horse.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, June 27.
A runaway team attached to a heavy
wagon dashed into a freight train at
Fruitvale to-nitfht and the life of the
driver was only saved by his being thrown
out before the collision.
The team consisted of a pair of heavy
horses drawing a large covered wagon
owned by the Grand Rule Bazaar. It was
being driven by Tunnie Schleuter, son of
the proprietor of the bazaar, a boy about
20 years of age. The wagon was return
ing from Fruitvale and young Schleuter
had driven a litilo out of his way toward
Alameda, He turned and was approach-
Ing the railroad track when the freight
train was coming westward-
Schleuter was about to rein in his horses
when one of ihe rear wheels of the wagon
came off. This caused the animals to bolt.
Schleuter saw his danger and pulled with
all his might, but was unable to control
the horses, who rushed wildly toward the
train. The train was rapidly approaching
and the animals were headed directly for
ihe locomotive.
The driven held on with all his might
and bravely tried to avoid the collision
that seemed to be inevitable. When about
a hundred feet from the train, which was
flying toward the wagon end on, young
Schleuter was thrown out and this alone
Bayed his life. The horses went on, and
a few seconds later the locomotive struck
the team.
The crash was so great that one horse
was instantly killed and the other badly
bruised. The pilot of the engine was em
bedded in the animal's carcass. The
wagon was thrown to one side and
smashed to pieces, the wreck covering the
animal that was not killed by the side of
the track.
The driver was picked up and with the
exception of some bruises and scratches
he is not hurt, and his escape Is consid
ered a miracle. Had he been thrown on
the track he would not have had time to
crawl off before the train was upon him.
Harry Asher was thrown from 'a wagon
to-night and taken to the hospital suffer
ing from concussion of the brain, but h«.
will recover.
FAREWELL TO COMPANY Q.
The City Trustees to Be Asked to Ap
propriate Money for the Boys.
ALAMEDA, June 27.— At the mating of
the City Trustees to be held this eveniajj
a proposition will be acted upon to appro
priate $500 for the use of Company G.
Fifth Regiment, which is to go into camp
on Wednesday. Oakland has made a sim
ilar appropriation, and otner companies
that will go to Camp Barrett have been
presented with contingent funds by citi
zens of the towns whence they hail. It is,
therefore, thought only right to do some
thing of the same kind here. Trustee
Fletter will not be present, as he is absent
in the country, but he has been commu
nicated with and has replied by telegraph
that he is in favor of the appropriation
and would vote for it were he here.
A meeting called by the Red Cross la
dles was held at the Council rooms this
afternoon, at which a committee of three
was appointed to wait on the Trustees
this evening and urge an appropriation.
It is considered almost certain that the
money asked will be voted if any way can
be found to do so under the law.
COMPANY G.
A Newspaper Man Comes From
Fresno to Join It.
ALAMBDA, June 27.— A1l the members
of Company G who have passed the pre
liminary examination have been notified
to report at the armory this evening. To
morrow night they will be required to re
port finally and will sleep there, so as to
be on hand in the morning to march to
Camp Barrett and pitch their tents there.
The roster of the company to-night In
cludes exactly eighty-five officers and
men, after the rejections of the prelimi
nary examination. There are a number of
others who have signified their willingness
to join the company. Among them is
Paul Vandor, city editor of the Fresno
Expositor, who gave up his situation to
come here and join the company, of which
he was formerly a member.
Oakland News Notes.
OAKLAND, June 27.— Stephen 11. Henderson,
the Fruitvale lunntic who Is periodically com
mitted tn and released from Stockton, wns
pent back to the asylum to-day. His lunacy
c. -mists in writing letters and Imagining him
self a wealthy English noble.
W H. Htester, a Deputy County Clerk of
Ran Francisco, came over here last Saturday
and was quWly married to Miss Lily h. Phil
lips of San Francisco by Justine Clift.
Peter F. Dunn of the law firm of Dunn &
MePlke took out a license to-day to marry
Mlfs Annie C. Hnphnlen of this city, a gradu
ate of the State University.
One of the dredßrrs for the Improvement of
Oakland harbor and the dredging of the tidal
canal was towed Into the estuary this morning
and dredging will commence at once.
Lizzie Murphy, mother of Alice Murphy, has
been appointed guardian of the latter, who is
but 16 years of age and has Inherited an estate
Henry Oubridge, the notorious "Lord Cyril
Athol," was before Judge Oreene this morning
with a motion to set aside his arraignment,
but It was denied and he will be tried August
Lodge No. 251, A. O. U. W., gave a
literary ent-rtalnment to-night, the leading
feature of which was an address by Hon. J.
Company F of this city will march out either
to-morrow night or Thursday morning. They
will be escorted by Company A and Its band.
Committees for the Red Cross Dinner.
BERKELEY, June 27.— The ladles of trie
I Berkeley branch of the Rod Cross Society
met this afternoon at their headquarters
i in the Hinkle block to discuss plans for
! the public dinner to be given on the
i Fourth of July. It was decided that the
dinner should be served at one place only,
Instead of two aa previously announced.
! The room selected is that In the Hinklo
! block now used as the society's head
i quarters. Chairmen of committees were
i appointed as follows: Mrs. W. B. Sea
bury, on decorations; Anson S. Blake, on
lights; Mrs. H. J. Lee, assisted by Mrs.
Shipman, on supplies; Mrs. T. A. Wright,
for Ice cream and cake; Mrs. Charles C.
Conwell. on arrangement of tables; Mrs.
Chris Johnson, for coffee. They will nom
| mate their own assistants. A meeting 01
the chairmen will be held to-morrow
morning at 10 o'clock, in the rooms ai
headquarters, to talk over further plans
I for the dinner.
A New Fraternity House.
BERKELEY, June 27.— The fraternity of
Delta Tau Delta, organized last Decem
ber in tht University of California, will
occupy a chapter house of their own next
year. It is situated on the north side of
Channlng way just above Bowdich street.
About twelve of the chapter members
will reside there.
Death of Philip Fischel.
BERKELEY, June 27.— Philip Fischel.
eldest son of Samuel Fischel, and one or
the most popular young men In Berkeley,
died last night at his home on University
avenue. About a month ago he recovered
from a severe attack of pneumonia, and
was apparently quite out of dancer. Ln.«»f
Saturday, however, brought a relapse
which proved fatal. He was 24 years of
age, and r native of New York, but had
lived In Berkeley the greater part of his
life.
TEN THOUSAND
WILL BE THERE
lowa's Troops Will Be
Royally Received.
CHEERS FOR THE VISITORS
NATIVE DAUGHTERS TO ACT AS
HOSTESSES TO-NIGHT.
Mechanics' Pavilion Will Be Ablaze
With Light and Color — What
the Red Cross Workers
Are Doing.
If the predictions of the Native Daugh
ters' Red Cross Aid can be relied on, there
will be over 10,000 people in Mechanics'
Pavilion to-night, when the Fifty-first
lowa Regiment marches on the floor to
exhibit its prowess in military maneuv
ering. The number expected to be pres
ent is based on the way the tickets have
been disposed of. The popularity of the
Native Daughters and the desire of pa
triotic residents of thia city to show
their feelings for the boys In blue who
have come from the Middle West, and
who will soon journey to posts of danger,
has resulted In many thousands of tickets
being sold.
The programme arranged for the even
ing's entertainment was published in The
Call on Sunday, and its excellence can bo
vouched for, as it was carefully prepared
by Colonel Loper, commander of the regi
ment.
At the conclusion of the drill the partici
pants will adjourn to the banquet prepared
lor them in Machinery Hall, and their
charming hostesses will personally attend
their wants.
In preparation for the affair to-night
the Pavilion has been tastefully decor
ated. Prominent Native Sons will act as
ushers, and everything looking to the
comfort of those attending has been care
fully provided.
There will be no crowi ig, as the Pa
vilion has enough seats to accommodate
15,000 people without discomfort. Twenty
live cents has been charged for admis.-iii>n
to the gallery and 50 cents to all portions
of the structure. The lowa's famous mili
tary band of thirty-three pieces will ren
der patriotic selections during the even
ing.
The Admiral Dewey festival came to a
must satisfactory ending Saturday night,
realizing the sum of $100. The children
that gave it wish to thank those who do
nated. The managers of the booths were:
Celia P. Jacobs, Mabel LJarnert, Mabel
Rosenthal, Leo Levy and Hazel Conn,
Theodore Friedlander and Sol Rosenthal,
Ida Levy, Lena Bantel and Blanche
Block, Florence Hammersmith and Sadje
Rotschild, Gertrude Friedlander, Louis
B. Jacobs and Gertrude Conn, Rosello
Schwartz and Ruby Friedberg, Abe Ja
cobs, Ethel Rosenthal, Lucille Haber, Ar
thur Stolz and Armond Cohn.
t Mrs. K. W. McKinstry, head of the
State department emporium, at 16 Post
street, requests that the auxiliary socie
ties sending donations direct to the regi
ments at the camp notify her, so she may
credit these donations in her report to be
given In full ai the meeting Thursday
evening.
A fair will be given at 1421 Webster
street on June 30 for the benefit of the
Red Cross by Miss Rose Keilus. Miss Ida
Crowley, Miss Rose Maukel, Miss Hilda
Frankel and Miss Gertie Kochman.
Donations were received at the ferry from
Dixon Red Cross, Temple Emanu-El, First
Congregational Church, tH. Lukes Church,
Mrs. Cluness, Mrs. James Denman, Mrs. Glbbs,
Mrs. Junes, lire. Moqttaxle. Mrs. punning
bam. Mill Beaver, Mrs. Rathbone, Mrs. Lew
itt Mrs. Hou'rnau, Mrs. Patterson, Mrs. Baird,
Mrs. Cttlpm&n, -Mrs?. Truesdale, Mrs. Frazirr,
Mute. Heilenve, Miss Adams, Mrs. Houghton,
Mrs. Luniner, Mrs. Church, Mrs. Sadler, A.
Knight Jlrs. an. I Miss Sampson, Miss Stiol
man, M. Hart, Mrs. Rrr.therton, Mrs. McCoy,
Mr. Dyer, Bisters of Holy Family, lira. Miller,
Mrs. Crane Berkshire, friend, Mrs. L. Aldrich,
Mrs. Levy, Mrs. L. Holmen, Mrs. Pew, Mt.=s
L. McGill; Mrs. Harlni. Danville.
Donations of supplies were received from San
Antineh, Miss Hooper fWoodside), Wal
nut Creek, Santa Barbara. Alameda, San Quen
tin, Castroviiie. Bacramento, Anjj>'l Island,
Miss L. Lolvnstein (Valley Ford), Santa Cruz,
Suisun. Ikiah, Dewey Chapter, Milpltas. Flag
staff, t=an Luis Oblspo, Rocklln. Roea Valley,
Oakdale, Dlxon. Watsonville, Oroville, Stock
ton, Salinas. Santa Clara, San Jose, Linden,
Los Angeles. Pino.
The Olympic Club baseball nine has volun
teered fte services for the benefit of the Red
Cross Society and will play the Olympic Cyc
lers on Sunday, July 1". at 2 o'clock at the
California League grounds, Sixteenth and Fol-
Bom streets.
A Imirich of the Red Crops Society was or
ganized In San Mateo on June 3 anfilOO names
were signed to the membership rull. The fol
lowing ladles represent the buard of officers:
President, Mrs. W. F. Nichols; first vice-presi
dent Mrs. I>. McLeod; second vice-president,
Mrs. C. J. Robinson; secretary. Mrs. Paul Bet
tdheim: treasurer. Mrs. U. Sebree: executive
board— Mrs. W. F. Nichols (president), Mrs.
D. McLeod (first vice-president), Mrs. C. J.
Robinson (second vice-president), Mrs. Paul
Bettelheim (secretary). Mrs. U. Sebree (treas
urer), Mrs. W. P. A. Brewer, Mrs. <i. W.
Dickie, Mrs. D. F. Walker, Mr?. R. H. Ken
nedy, Mrs. J. R. de Wolfe Cowie, Mrs. C. M.
Morse. Mrs. T. J. Schuyler. Mrs. E. G. Ro
dolph nnd Mrs. E. W. Van Slyke; advisory
board— Rev. Father Callahan, Rev. Mr. de
Wolfe Cowie and Rev. Mr. R. H. Kennedy.
The following subscriptions received yester
day brought the Red Cross fund up to $47,
2T7 57: Hon. John F. Finn. FlO; N. A. White
ley. Mills building. $37 75; memberships. $)5;
Irving Scott School (second subscription), $9 2";
Mrr Williams, Me: green coffee sold at 16 Post
street. $10: box. Palace Hotel, $7 80; box. Cafe
Royal, $4 16; box. Cafe Zlnkand, $4 49; Admiral
Dewey Club, $100.
THE TAXES LEVIED
FOR WAR REVENUE
COMMISSIONER SCOTT MAKES
A CONCISE LIST.
A Handy Reference Schedule of In
terest to Manufacturers and
Dealers.
Internal Revenue Collector Lynch yes
terday received from Internal Revenue
Commissioner Scott the following sched
ule of war duties, which will be found
handy for reference by the public in gen
eral:
Rectifiers of less than 500 barrels, $100; recti
fiers o£ 600 barrels or more, $200; dealers, retail
liquor, $25; dealers, wholesale liquor, $100; deal
ers in malt tkiuors, wholesale, $50; dealers in
malt liquors only, retail, $20; retiiil dealers In
oleomargarine $48; wholesale dealers in oleo
margarine, $480; manufacturers of oleomargar
ine, per annum. $tio0; manufacturers of stills,
$50 (and for- each still manufactured $20, and
for each worm manufactured $20) ; brewers of
less than 500 barrels, |S0; brewers of 500 bar
rels or more, $100; manufacturers of filled
cheese, $400: wholesale dealers in filled cheese,
$250; retail dealers in rilled cheese, $12; bankers,
on capital and surplus of $25,000, $60; bankf-rs,
for each additional $1000 of capital or surplus,
$2; brokers. $50; pawnbrokers, $20; commercial
brokers, $20; Custom-house brokers, $10; pro
prietors or lessees of theaters, museums and
concert halls in cities of over 25,000 population,
$100; proprietors of circuses, $100; proprietors of
all other exhibitions or shows for money, $10;
proprietors of bowling alleys and billiard
rooms, for each alley or table, $5; dealers in
leaf tobacco, for sales not exceeding 60,000
pounds, $6; dealers in leaf tobacco, for sales
exceeding 00.000 and not exceeding 100,000
pounds, $12; dealers in leaf tobacco, for sales
exceeding 100,000 pounds, $24; dealers in to
bacco (persons who sell manufactured tobacco,
snuff or cigars), whose annual sales exceed 50,
000 pounds, $12; manufacturers of tobacco
whose annual sales do not exceed 50,000 pounds.
$6; manufacturers of tobacco whose annual
sales exceed 60,000 and do not exceed 100.000
pounds, $12; manufacturers of tobacco whose
annual sales exceed IGO,<XIO pounds, $24; manu
facturers of cigars whose annual sales do not
exceed 100,000 cigars per annum, $6; manufac
turers of cigars whose annual sales exceed 100,
000 but do not exceed 200,000, $12; manufac
turers of cigars whose annual sales exceed 200,
000 per annum, $24; manufacturers and packers
of mixed flour (on and after August 12, 1838),
$12.
The People's Telegraph Company.
Herman de Laguna has filed a com
munication with the Supervisors demand
ing that the city enforce the terms of a
contract signed by the People's Mutual
Telephone Company, when the corpora
tion was granted a franchise in 1898. Tha
franchise contained a provision that the
city would be furnished with free tele
phones and gave a bond of $10,000 to guar
antee that the new telephone system
would be established. As the company
has still failed to carry out its* contract
De Laguna demands that the Supervisors
instruct the City and County Attorney
to commence suit to recover on the bond.
HER EYE MOURNS DEAD LOVE
Mike Sullivan's Former Sweetheart
Punished for Politeness. ■
Maggie Lucas doesn't dust a chair for
Mike Sullivan any more and Mike won't
move his trunk up to the Lucas resi
dei cc.
Instead of petting her erstwhile sweet
heart and addressing iiim with endearing
epithets, Maggie nurses her wrath and
pets a black eye, while Mike cools his
heels this morning in the anteroom of
Judge Mogan's court, awaiting sentence
for battery, and a!l because there's an
other man on earth and Maggie bowed to
him.
Sullivan is a lineman for the telephone
company, and owing to his monopolistic
connections didn't want any other man to
walk on the same side of the street with
his best girl, so when he took Maggie
out to enjoy the beauties of the evening
last Sunday he registered such an em
phatic objection to Maggie's recognition
of a male acquaintance that the love and
friendship heretofore existing died and
Maggie's eye put on mourning tor the lost
feeling.
As the object of the bow from the young
lady was a man Sullivan felt that it was
much safer to exercise his strength and
display his displeasure on the girl whom
he was ready to swear to love, cherish
and protect, hence his appearance in the
Police Court and the absence of his hat
from the Lucas hall tree.
His picture has been replaced by a copy
of the order of conviction for battery
which was rendered yesterday.
In the Divorce Courts.
Ida J. Barrier was granted a divorce
from Joseph A. Barrier by Judge Bahrs
yesterday. The decree was issued on the
ground of failure to provide.
Mary Barabino was granted a divorce
from John Barabino on the ground of
infidelity.
Amanda Johnson was granted her ap
plication for a divorce from Oscar John
son on the ground of habitual intemper
ance.
Clara E. Ronald was granted a divorce
from her husband, Robert Ronald, on the
gro\ind of willful neglect.
Rosalie Jalbert has applied for a di
vorce from Sylvian Jalbert, alleging
cruelty as a cause of action.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, June 27. — It. Max Margolis of
the department of pemitlc languages in the
University of California has gone to Lake Ta
hoe for the summer.
Ernest Dozzier of the class of '98, University
I of California, who was manager of last year's
track team, and honor graduate in the mili
tary department, will leave with the next ex
]» c!!;ion that sails to Manila.
The following residents of Berkeley Joined
! Company F, Fifth Regiment, last Saturday:
James Ray, Samuel McKeown. William Holden,
' Court Mohr and Edward Vollmer.
North hall and south hall on the University
! campus are to be supplied with fire escapes.
Tin- work of putting them In was commenced
! to-day.
E. W. Davis, secretary of the BoaTd of Re
gents of the University of California, has been
I Indisposed for the last few days, and will take
! a vacation till the end of this week. His
office, meanwhile, will be in charge of the as
sistant secretary-
There will he a meeting of Company I, Berke
ley Volunteers, next Wednesday evening in
Golden Sheaf Hall. Captain J. C. Jessup has
received Information that a new regiment Is
to be organized, in which case the Berkeley
j company will be mustered In.
■ «. ■
Alameda News Items.
ALAMEDA, June 27.— The Cooper Or
i nithnlogical Club will hold Its annual
I meeting on Saturday next at the resi
! dence of Harold Ward, 723 Peru street.
The Bellevuo Tennis Club has selected
I the following officers: President, H. L.
i Clapp; vice-president. Miss L. Pennoyer;
secretary, E. S. Livinpston; assistant
i secretary, Miss Q. Livingston.
Joseph Boss, a baker, brother of Mrs.
B. Egenberger of this city and once a
resident here, died of heart failure at
i Vallejo Saturday night while swimming.
The ladles of the Red Cross of this city
! were called upon suddenly this afternoon
j to provide food for a number of soldiers
1 at Camp Barrett. They responded imme
j diately and satisfactorily.
ADVERTISEMENT S.
BOSTON AND ALASKA
TRANSPORTATION GO.,
Owners. Will Dispatch the Following Steam-
DAWSON CITY
And INTERMEDIATE YUK O N RIVER
POINTS, Via
DUTCH HARBOR, NEW BOSTON AND ST.
MICHAEL:
steamship uniAnAiu,
SAILING ON OR ABOUT JULY 5.
BTEEL T AITRADA
STEAMSHIP Ju/lUn/Yl/A,
SAILING ON OR ABOUT JULY 15.
Ship SOUTH PORTLAND,
SAILING ON OR ABOUT JULY 25.
Connecting- at mouth of Yukon River with the
company's fleet of
EIGHT RIVER STEAMERS and BARGES,
Colonel McNaught, Governor Pingree, Philip B.
Low, A. E. Fay, B. B. Glascock, Michigan,
Washington and New .York.
Boston and Alaska Transportation Company
owns and operates Its ocean steamships and
fleet of modern river steamers, which are now
in service on the Yukon P.lvor.
Special accommodations for ladies.
Electric lights, steam heat, best meals, best
berths, best time.
For freight and passenger rates apply
H. M. HAINES.
Contracting Freight and Passenger Agent.
20 Montgomery st, San Francisco, Cal.
A. E. CRONENWETT,
General Traffic Manager, Seattle, Wash.
The man worked in an Ohio coal mine, and this !s the story h«
told : " For some years past I have been employed under mothe'i
earth, from one and a half to two miles from the mouth of the mine,
digging coal. The great distance under the hills makes it impossible
for me to get pure air, which is forced to us by the aid of great *ans.
During breaks In machinery the air would become bad, causing first
great pains in my head, dizziness and fainting. This continued until
next was pains in stomach, indigestion and dyspepsia. Working hard
in the mines I naturally was a hearty eater until at last I had dyspep-
sia so bad I suffered terrible. The doctor prescribed for me, bat I
enly got worse. I took several kinds of medicine. I saw Ripans
Tabules advertised and going to the drug store bought some. la
three d«.ys I was a new man, my he«d is clear, stomach well, no dys-
pepsia. These Ripans Tabules did U."
A WORD ON FRUITS.
They Are to Be Partaken Of With Judg- !
merit and Discretion.
The bountiful ; earth brings forth
fruits in their seasons. They are whole- |
some, but should be eaten with the
sauce of discretion.
The apple is at the head of the list.
It is more easily digested than any
other fruit. But the skin . should al-
ways be discarded, for It irritates the
bowels.
Fresh figs are good, but dried ones
should always be carefully cooked.
Grate the pineapple, or cut it into
tiny bits, for its riber is tough, and re- i
sists the juices in the stomach.
The common banana is a deceptive
thing, and children should never be al-
lowed to eat it raw. Baked bananas j
are highly praised. \.
Never should the skin of any fruit be
swallowed. The skin is an armor for
the pulp. It is as unfit for food as a
piece of chalk is.
Whenever you have eaten underripe
or overripe fruit, and feel sharp, dart-
ing pains In the gastric region, you will j
find prompt relief in Duffy's Pure Malt j
Whiskey, taken in a little warm water. I
It is supremely important that the i
sickness caused by bad fruit should be
treated at once. The value of a good
whiskey in bowel troubles is urged by
the leaders In the medical profession.
Duffy's Pure Malt Is absolutely free
from harmful matter, as chemical tests
prove.
ELECTRIC BELTS
Are good things F %df : " if properly
made, but seme ' / »fy^ of the things
which are sold ' /I • as "electric
belts" .it high ' ' prices by un-
principled quacks are worthless. If you want
a pood belt, one to last a reasonable length of
time, and fill you with Electricity from the
noles of your feet to the top of your head, you
MUST have ."Dr. Pierces ," for it Is the BEST
an.l Is warranted to be exactly as represented.
TESTIMONIALS we have enough of to fill
this entire newspaper. Send 2c in stamps for
our Free Book No. 2. It gives price list and
tells all about it. Be sure you BUY NO BELT
TILL YOU SEE DR. PIERCE S. Address or
call on the
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., 620 Market St.,
Opp. Palace Hot:!, San Francisco.
§g§g||Dß. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
Rl«l»83i Five hundred reward for any case
pSI ™TH we cannot cure. This secret remedy
j M stops all losses in 24 hours, cures
!SsS BBH Emissions, Impotency, Varicocele,
7»P wjrt 1 Gonorrhoea. Gleet, Fits, Strictures,
,'JXi. liixi Lost Manhood and all wasting ef-
EgS HBfl fects of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
<?.-■■;■ .T.?:.:Jj sealed, $2 bottle; 3 bottles. $5; guar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, 855 Broadway, Oakland, Cai. Also
for sale at 1073% Market St., S. F. All pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
§Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Amx^ 025 KEABN V ST. Established
fcWg^&jß In 1854 for the treatment of Private
JJW SS Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or |
■HDbH| disease wearing on bodyand mind aud j
iSwHhsnSs Skin Disposes, 'itedoctorcureswhen !
j^jMMH|H others fall. Try him. Charges low. {
i'<sSkSrf?a?!?^ • <J '■<■»:.""■< run tl. Call or write.
I>r. J. i". «jifISBO9i, Cox 1957, San Francisco.
WI. X. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTOHNEY-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckela Bids.
Telephone Brown SSL
Residence, &21 California street. below
Powell. San Franclgco.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
From San Francisco, commencing May 1, 1838.
WEEK DAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— 7:oo, *8:00,
•9:30, 11:00 a. in.; *1:45, 3:20, 4:00, 6:15, '6:00,
6:30 p. m.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays,
Wednesdays, Saturdays and Sundays at 11:30
p. m.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— '9:00,
•10:00. 11:00, 11:30 a. m. ; 1:00, »1:45, *2:30. *4:00,
5:30, 6:15 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael.
5:20 p. m. does not run to Mill Valley.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
THROUGH TRAINS. ,--> v
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
3:20 p. m. Saturdays— and way sta'ns.
5:15 p.m. week days (Sat. Tomales and !
way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way stations, j
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way sta'ns. |
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUI9
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From June 1, ibi»S, trains will run as follows: j
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed Mixed | Passen-
ger Sunday Sta- Sunday | ger
Daily. Exc'pt'd , tons. Exc'pt'dl Dally.
7:20 a m 9:00 am] Stockton 8:45 pml 5:40 pm
8:10 a m 12:50 p m Merced 12:50 p m 3:53 p m
10:40 a m 3:50 pm Fresno 9:30 amj 2:20 p m
11:35 a m 8:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:25 p m
2:45 p m 11:50 pm ■ B'k'rfl'd 2:30 a m 10:15 a m
12:05 pml 7:50 p m Visalia 6:40 a m|l2:E>s p m
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats oJ
California Navigation and . Improvement • Com-
pany leaving San Francisco and Stockton at 4 ;
n. m. dally: at Merced with stages to and !
from Snelllngs, Coultervllle, Ynsemlte. etc.; ;
also with stage from Hornltoa, Marlposa, etc.;
•t Lankershlm with stage to and from Madera.
AUCTIONSALES,
MAGNIFICENT UPRIGHT PIANO.
| Elegant parlor, chamber and dining-room fur-
niture beautiful pictures and ornaments, etc.
1044 GOLDEN GATE AYE., NR. BUCHANAN
STREET.
THIS DAY (TUESDAY), at 11 a. m.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD. 60» Market St.
SPECIAL auction Sales
i £f!> AT i^^«
GRAND ARCADE HORSE MARKET.
327 SIXTH STREET,
WEDNESDAY June 29. 1898
At 11 a. m.
By order of the Park Commissioners we will
sell a lot of Horses, and also at the same tima
and place Buggies, Wagons, Carts. Harness,
etc. SULLIVAN & DOYLE,
j Live Stock Auctioneers.
j . — ■
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Eot tiikk.\ mc towrABT.
(rAcino hystkm.)
Tralu Iritft- nn«l are •In*' »• «»rrl»» •»•
MM PBJIHt'BH:*-
(Main Line. Foot of .Market Street) m
\ tSA vr _JT— _ t M . JuKIi 1, 1898. - «<""'«
1 'C:OO\ Nile*. San Jose and Way buttons... *f--J'}*
7:«0.v I'enlcia, Suiaun »nd B»CT»>u«mto — lOr»J*.
":O«a M»rys»i!:e, Orovilleaiid Reddiue »i» „._
Woodland 2 : jii v
7:00 a Vawville and Rumsey •• • • Ss43r
7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo. N»pa,
Calißtoga and SanU Rom. ....... 2 s !? r
8:00 a Atlantic KxpreM. Ogdeu and Kas».. 9 far
8:»oa Nilf-s Ban Jose, rinxskton, lone,
Sacramento, MarygTllle, Chloo,
Tehainaan.lltt.-.l Illua .±'\%l
•»:80a Peters, Milton. Oakdale '•'"
OiWUa New Orleans Kxpraa, Merced. l r re»-
iio, Uakerslield. SantK lUrliara.
I«» Aiigolei*. Peiul.'K. Xl l'a»ii. _..
New Orleans and Ha«t «««»«■
lOiOOa. TaS«]o, M«rtlnoz and Way Stations 7: *'» I *
•l:OOr Sacrament,. Hlvei Ste*nicrß .II .Ji
Ban Jose, Nllee and Way Stations... :»«I»A
S:OOr LiTermore, mm duU, llanford and
Vl*alia 4jiSf
 Liri/rruore. Btn Jose, Nlles and Way _
Station* IJJ'Jk*-
Fresno, Yoaemite, Mereed, Martlnei I*:ls*
4i«Or Martinez,- San Itamoii, Vullejo
Napa, t?all»t<ita. 111 V«rano and
Santa Kosa •■ • »«1»*
4if»«r Benloia, VaoaTUle, Woodland,
Kulshts Ijauding, MarjnrrlUe, Oro-
Tills and Hm-ra.iiento *5 ii*
4sB»P Nlles. San Jose. Tr*cy a.nd Stockton .. 7:13*
4jBojp Stockton, Ix>di, Oakdale (James-
town for Yoseinit*), Merced l»ilo»
' 4«3»r Lathrop, Hsdealo, Merced, llerenda
(Raymond for Yoaemite), Kreeno,
iloj*ve. Santa liarbara and I*»
Aiik«l«s ">'« 4a *
4tB«p Santa I- Kmile. Ailmitiu Ki press
forMojavaaml Hast • 2,
6iO»r Kuroneau Mail, Ogden and Host.... » I *?*
•«:O«p Vallejo ...? ** : l? p
•«o«i» llitTwitriU, Nlli-aaud Ban .lone ' I*9*.
t7:oOp V*llejo. Port Costa and Way S»«.
tions t»:43»
8:0«>p OrL'Ron KxiireKd.Sacrameiito, Marys-
. *llle, Ko<lilinK, rottlim.l. rugot _,„
"BiHinJaii.l ICi.at »="**
' SAN LKINOKii AM) lIATWABINi LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
1 llelroxe, !>tiiTinnry I'ark, f ' : 'i**-
SiOOa Kilclil.iir-. Klmhurxt, ,«i'^
» ! «J Sm I.e»ndr'o,So..lhS». J^g*
ai'ioet Le*n,lro, KalmlHlo, \\l£&
112-ooM ' Lorento, Cherrj • tlt4Sp
i3:o«p »«>• $«i-i»p
RiUOp llay narii*. IstI 5 t i ilp
7><>op i Runt through to Nile*. Ti4sp
J t From Nllea. V —
COAST DIVISION (Narrow (JauKe).
(Foot of Market Street.)
J7:43a Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Cruz
and Principal Way Stations JSiOSf
8 j 13 a Newark, Cen terrille, San Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek.Santa and Way
Stations Bis«p
**<15r Newark, CeuterTille, San Jo»e, stew
Almaden, Pelton, Boulder Creek,
BantaCroz and Principal Way
Stations...-. »I«iso a,
4«lSrSan Jose, Glenwood ft Way Station* O:»Oa.
»4:ISp Boulder Creek and Santa Cnw JV:9»A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
i from SIS mHCISCO— Fc»t of M.rket Str««t •)—
•7:16 - 9:00 11:00a.u. 1 1:00 *2:00 tJ:C9
•4:03 t5:00 *6:03f .«.
I rremlUUSD— foot of wit.— '6:oo 8:00 10:001.11.
tI2:CO »l:00 }2:00 »3:00 t«:C8 *S:OQf.M.
' COAST DIVISION (Hroad «Ja«ge). *
■{Third and Tovnisend Ste.) *
•7:0Oa San .loco ami WBy~Mt»li.ma (New "
l-'---.< Alma<ieii Wednesdays only) 1j8w»
}7:30 a Sunday Excursion for Ban Jose,
Santa Cruz, Picifio Grove and
Principal Way BtaUons.. JBiS»»
•iOOa Han fa—, Ties I'limw, HanU Cm*.
I'acllic finite, Paso lluhles, ban
Luis Oblspn, CiiißilHlupc. Surf and
Principal Way HUtions 4:l«r
f*ilt« Ban .lose mid Way Stations *A:OO.i
lIiHOa San Jose and Way Stations •Bi33a
*2;43r Ban Mateo. Redwood, Meolo Park,
' Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San Jose,
Oilruy, Hollister, BanU Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey and l'acine •
Urovo •Iflz8«4
•8: p San Jcse and Way Stations *0:OOa
•■t:l.lr San Joseantl Principal Way Stations 9:43*
•S:OOp San Jose and Principal Way Station! 6:33 a
5:30p San Jose ami Principal Way Station . S:3of
«::»»!• San Jose and Way Stations v»7s3o;v »7s30;
j11:45r San Jose and Way Stations ix&Of.
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted. J Sundays only, t Saturdays vAt
I Sundays and Mondays. a Saturdays and Sundays.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlbiuren Perry, Fo«t «l Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN r.AFAEL.
: WEEK DATS— 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
I 8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra tni»
i at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:64
and 11:80 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30. 11:00 a. m. : 1:30. 3: JO.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
BAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
i WEEK DAYS— B:IO. 7:60, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
j 3:40. 5:10 p. m- Saturdays— Extra trips a«
I 1:55 p. m. and 6:3 d p. m.
1 SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
i:00. C:» p. bb-_
S Between Ban Francisco and Ecbuetzen ParM
same schedule an above. ;
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
— April 23, _.
Week I Sun- IS3B. Sun- I Week
Day b. I days. Destination, days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, • 10:40 amPs:4o an
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa .Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pra
Fulton. ~~ "
1:80 am Windsor, 10:23 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyserville, ' VJ' /
i 8:30 pm| 8:00 am Cloverdale._ 7:35 pm 6:2? pm
i 7:30 am " JHopland and 10:26 an
_3^So_pm 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:22 pni
7:30 am 16725 ara
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm __^ 6:22 prq
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma ' U:4O ami 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm S:oopm| Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 pti
7:30 am 8:00 am ScbastopoL 10:40 am 10.25 am
8:30 pm 5:00 pm 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
rervi'.ie for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale fop
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs.
Highland Springs, Kelseyville, New Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
Lake, Porno. Potter Vciley, John Day's, River-
Bide, Lierley's, Bucknell's, Sanhedrln Heights,
Hullville, Boonevllle, Orr's Hot Springs, Men-
doclno City, Fort Bragg, WsMtport, Übal. .
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets .at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all . point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market st.. Chronicle bid*.
A. W. FOSTER. R. X. RYAN.
Pre*. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
Every Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Cera
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Caps
Run on the Following Time :
lieare San Francisco.4:3o p. m., S.M.T.W.T.F.B.
Arrive Denver — 5:00 p. m., W.T.F.S.S.M.T.
Arrive Kansas City.. 7:oo a. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive St. L0ui5..... 6:15 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive Chicago 9:00 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W,
HARVEY'S DIN ING- ROOMS
Servo Superior Meals at Very Reason*
able Rates.
yOU WILL BE COMFQ3TABLB
If You Travel on the Santa Fa.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE—^B44 MARKET SI
Chronicle Building. /Telephone Main 1520.
Oakland OSoe— lll3 Broadway.
Sacramento Office- 2 31 J Street.
San; Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara SL
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via lisilssUtn I'Vrry.) .
. Leave San Francisco, commencing May L
1898: ' - ■ - . .•
.-Week Days— a. m., 1:45 and 5:16 p. m.
' Sundays— B:oo, 9:00, .10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:45 and
S:SO p. m.
■- Round trip from Mill Valley, $1.
TWOS. COOK & SON. Agents, «21 Market
\ street. San Francisco.
1112
PANIC REIGNS
AT HAVANA
Troops Are in a State of
Starvation.
NOW READY TO SURRENDER
PREFER YIELDING TO DYING
FROM HUNGER.
Police Force of the Cuban Capital on
the Verge of Revolt and Are
Watched by the Reg
ulars.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KEY WEST, Fla., June 27.— The most
authentic and reliable news yet ob
tained of the true condition of affairs
In Havana was to-day furnished in a
report to the Associated Press by a
British subject who left Havana on the
British cruiser Talbot, and who ar
rived here yesterday. He says a reign
of terror exists at the Cuban capital.
Captain General Blanco has Issued a
proclamation, announcing that any one
daring to express an unfavorable opin
ion of or suspected of being dissatis
fied with the present policy of the
Government will be summarily shot
•without trial or investigation. This
proclamation, it appears, caused dissat
isfaction among the members oi' the
orden publico, or police force, who
threatened to revolt if full rations were
not given them. It is expected that
as the orden publico is v numerous
body trouble will result. Its members
are themselves policed while patrolling
the streets, Spanish infantry and ar
tillery eoldiers maintaining guard over
them at every corner.
Famine, it seems, is imminent and
the stories of the arrival of supplies at
Havana, via Bataba.no, ure pronounced
to be untrue. The informant of the
Associated Press thinks Havana can
not possibly hold out six weeks longer.
The city is said to be panic-stricken, its
inhabitants expecting every moment to
be bombarded by the American fleet,
as they realize that Captain General
Bianco's attitude releases the United
States from the obligation of giving the
customary bombardment notice.
Riots are daily expected at Havana,
as the troops are suffering from hun
ger and the volunteers see their wives
and children dying of want. Un
der such conditions the captain general
cannot much longer keep the military
forces in check, and a rebellion is like
ly to devastate Havana before the city
is captured by the Americans.
Captain General Blanco admits that
the situation is desperate. He recog
nizes, it is pointed out, his inability to
control his troops, goaded by hunger,
much longer, and he is reported to have
said that he will never leave Havana
alive, as he is prepared to take his own
life when the outbreak occurs.
Senor Gal ban Rio, a prominent Span
ish merchant, the refugee continues in
his statement, had 5000 bags of flour
hidden at Gueniados, a suburb of Ha
vana, and was retailing it to the public.
General Arolas, the military Governor
of Havana, was informed that Senor
Galban's trucks had traces of fresh
flour upon them, and he caused the ve
hicles to be followed. The store being
thus disclosed, it was seized and dis
tributed among the ravenous soldiers.
Referring to the strength of the Span
ish forces, the Briton says there are
120,000 men under arms at Havana,
and that the greater number of them
are ready to surrender rather than die
of hunger. In conclusion, the gentle
man says he credits the reports that
the gunners at Morro Castle and at
other Spanish batteries were taken
from foreign warships and he says the
Consuls, including Mr. Gollin, the Brit
ish representative, are strong Spanish
sympathizers. British Vice Consul
Arastegoi, he continues, is a Spaniard
by birth, and a reporter for La Lucha,
the mouthpiece of the government. Mr.
Gollin, the British Consul General, he
further remarks, gave a dinner on the
Queen's birthday, at which all the
guests were Spaniards, and three Brit
ish subjects, prominent socially and
financially In Havana, were, it is al
leged, relegated by Mr. Gollln's orders
to the forecast!.-? of th" Talbot when she
left Havana because they were Cuban
sympathizers. It is said that as a re
sult of the energetic protests of the
Englishmen to the British Foreign Of
fice and to the Governor of Jamaica,
the Talbot will shortly return to Ha
vana with Mr. Gollin's successor.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Appointment of General Friedrichs
as Attorney for Alaska Ex
pected Soon.
WASHINGTON,, June 27.— The appoint
ment of General Frledrichfl as United
States Attorney for Alaska will be made
in a day or two. When Friedrlchs visit
ed the President in company with Repre
eentative Curtis of Kansas he was given
to understand the matter was in the
hands of the Attorney General. It was
learned at the Department of Justice to
day that Attorney General Grigga has ex
amined the papers in the case, and de
cided that the time of the incumbent has
expired and there is now a vacancy in the
office.
At last there is a fair prospect that John
Clyde Sullivan, paymaster in the navy,
formerly stationed at Mare Island, may
be restored to his former rank. His bill
for relief has passed the Senate and been
favorably reported by the House Commit
tee on Naval Affairs.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California— Original: John Manto, Sac
ramento, $0; Sherman Page, Los Angeles,
$10 Increase: Joseph Blum, Soldiers"
Home. Lob Angeles. $10 to $12. Original
•widows, etc.: Emma J. Buxton. Tulare,
is- Mary M. Cotton, Oakland. $8.
Oregon— Original: Albert P. Clinefelter,
Oswego. $6; George J. Heaton, Oregon Sol
diers' Home at Douglas. $S; Julius Bfetz,
Station A. East Portland, $fi. Additional:
John R. MeOollum, Elkton, $«.
Washington— Renewal; Isaac Smith,
Spokane. $6.
ANTI-ANNEXATION
LEADERS MEET
They Decide to B-esist Any Effort to
Further Extend the Hours of
Daily Sessions.
WASHINGTON, June 2G.— The leaders
of the anti-annexation movement held a
meeting to-day and decided that they j
would resist any effort to further extend
the hours of the daily sessions for the j
discussion of the Hawaiian question. They j
agreed to begin the discussion promptly !
at 11 o'clock each day. providing trmrs i
was 't quorum present, but they decided i
<o take a position against th-j extension j
of the debates beyond i> o'clock in the j
evening. , .
There were numerous conferences be
tween the representatives of the respective
Bides of the Hawaiian controversy, and j
several of the anti-annexationists prave
assurance that they had no intention of
conducting a filibuster. It was these as
surances which led to the amicable ar
ranxement about the adjournment of the
dav*s session. They have alsoeause.l tho
supporters of the resolut on to regard the
outlook as more favorable than at any j
previous time. No one, however, looks
for a conclusion inside of ten 'iayj. }
WINNERS OF
EASTERN RACES
Ethelbert Takes the
Spring Stakes.
TIDAL GOES TO HANDBALL
SPEEDY CLEOPHUS SECOND TO
SWIFT MAS.
Hildreth Captures Purses With
Bellicoso and St. Calatine
at Washington
Park.
SpeclaJ Diispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, June 27. — Results at
Sheepshead Bay:
First race, five furlongs— Swiftmas won,
Cleophus second. Lady Marian third.
Time, 1:01 1-5.
Second race, one mile — Peep o' Day won,
Mont d'Cr second, Ortoland third. Time,
1:412-5.
Third race. Spring stakes. Futurity
course — Ethelbert won, KTingdon second,
Time, 1:11. No other starters.
Fourth race, Tidal stakes, one mile —
Handball won. Sunders second. Boy Ora
tor third. Time, 1:41 2-5.
Fifth race, five furlongs, selling—Ten
i dresse won, Anagram second, Morita
third. Time, 1:03.
Sixth race, rive furlongs, selling — Mrs.
Jimmy won, Ivlyra Claire second, Avoca
■ third. Time, 1:01 4-5.
Seventh race, mile and a quarter, selling
— Rappahannock won, Decanter second,
Jefferson third. Time, 2:<v.
CHICAGO, June 27.— Results at Wash
ington Park. Weather clear; track fast,
jf'irst race, four furlongs — Ailyar won,
'■ Olinthus second, Volythen third. Time,
, :4994.
Second race, one milt — Charlie Christy
won, Joe Clarke second, Albert S third.
Time. 1:42 V*.
Third race, mile and an eighth— Tom
Collins won, Mistleton second, Lucid
third. Time, I:SS.
Fourth race, one mile — Bcllicoso won,
The Tarcoon second, Harry Shannon
third. Time. 1:41%.
Fifth race, six furlongs— St. Calatine
won. Lady Irene second, Timemaker
third. Time, 1:14*4.
ST. Lol" IS, June 27.— The track was
I heavy to-day. Results:
First race, six furlongs, selline— Pawn
i won, Judith C second, ETitzen'.s Sister
; third. Time, 1:19%.
Second race, one mile and seventy
yards, selling— Laureate won, Anger sec
ond. Cangatop third. Time, 1:53.
Third race, one mile and seventy yards,
' selling— Organ Pilot won, Helen 11. Gard
j ncr second. Bob Millican third. Time,
1:51%.
Fourth race, handicap, one mile and a
' sixteenth— David won, Forbush second,
i Gold Hand third. Time, 1:51%.
Fifth race, six furlongs— Bell Bramble
• won, Guide Rock second. Denial third.
Time, 1:18%.
Sixth race, one mile, selling — Valid won,
Empress Josephine second, Imperious
third. Time. 1:49%.
CINCINNATI, June 27. — Weather
cloudy; track slow. Results:
First race, one mile, selling— Paros won,
Everest second, Caius third. Time, 1:45%.,
S cond race, four and a half furtonga
—Rube] won. Signa second, Kitty F.-ench
third. Time. :58%.
Third iaie. one mile, selling— La Grange
won, Ariturus second, The Doctor third.
: Time, I:'." 1 .,.
Fourth race, mile and an eighth. Belting
i —Sir Eoony won, Charina second, Prose
; cutor tlvrd". Time, 2:00 I ,i.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs—
' Lucky J.m won. Lost Time second, Ro
! mano'ff tn : .rd. Time. 1:11%.
Sixth race, one mile, selling -Roy del
Mar won, The Planet second. Donation
i third lime, 1:45%.
liTFFALO, June 27.— Results at Fort
Er'>:
First race, selling, six furlongs, Lottie
I Hunter won, Fessie F second, Vallda
! third. Time, 1:15%.
Second race, maiden two-y^nr-olris, four
and a half furlongs, Sir Cassimir won,
■ Contravene second. Amah third. Time.
:f,5 a i.
Third race, seven furlongs, Lanky Bob
won The Duchess second, Komurasaki
third. Time, 1:27%.
Fourth race, two-year-olds, five fur
longs, By George won, Bessie Taylor sec
ond Term Day third. Time. 1:03%.
Fifth race, selling, mile and a quarter.
Ten Pin won. Judge Quigley second, Roy
al Choice third. Time. 2:10%.
Sixth race. Belling, six furlongs, Protus
won, Our Bishop second, Mazeppa third.
Time. 1:15%.
PORTLAND, Or., June 2*.— Results at
Irvington:
Three-year-old, pacing, Edison won.
Miss Crescent second, Alta Dell third.
Time, 2:30.
2:« trot, Granite won, Alameda second.
Time. 1:87%. _ _
Three furlongs. Harry M won, Gus L
second, Clara M third. Time, :37'i.
Five furlongs, Winona won, I Don t
Know second, Little T G third. Time,
I:u2.
REDS AND BEAN-EATERS
RECEIVE A SETBACK
Baltimore's Team Wins Two Games
and Ties Cleveland for Third
Position.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. ! Clubs— "W. L. Pet.
Cincinnati ..37 22 .627 New York ..23 23 .EOO
lioston ... 36 22 .621 Philadelphia 25 23 .472
Baltimore .34 22 .CO? i Brooklyn ....23 33 .411
cfevelan! ..34 22 .607 Washington 23 38 .390
Chicago .....34 26 .£67 St. Louis ....20 39 .33?
PttUburg ....32 26 .C 52 i Louisville ...19 41 .317
PITTSBURG, June 27.— Tannehill pitched
a masterly game, not allotwng more than
one hit an inning. Only one Bostonian
reached third. Two bases on balls and
four hits scored Pittsburgh two runs.
Attendance, 1700. Score:
Clubs- . R- H. E.
Pittfiburs 11l
Boston • ••••• ° T 8 ,°
Batteries— Tannehill and Bowerman: Lewis
and Ypager. Umpires— Lynch and Andrews.
CINCINNATI, June 27.— Senators
made it three our of four to-day by hit
ting Hawley opportunely. The Reds
could do nothing with Cy Swaim. It was
a listless game. Attendance, 600. Score:
Clubs- R;H. E.
Cincinnati 2 A 1
Washington :•"«"■ •■• 9 . 13 ?
Batteries— Hawtey and Peltz; Swalm and
Farrell. Umpires— Swartwood and Wood.
CHICAGO, June 27.— The . Orphans hit
their old comrade hard from the start to
day while Woods kept Brooklyn's hits
far apart until the game was practically
won. Attendance, 1600. Score:
Clubs- R- H. E.
Chicago 9 15 3
Brooklyn 4 11 3
Batteries— Woods and Donahue; Stein and
Ryan. Umpires— Emslle and Curry.
ST LOUIS, June 27.— Baltlmores hit
the ball in both games to-day. Thw
Browns played listlessly in each contest.
Score, first game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
St. Louis :..... 4 9 8
Baltimore 16 9 0
Batteries— Taylor, Esper, GUpatrlck and
Clements: Nops and Robinson. Umpires— O" Day
and McDonald.
Second game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
St. Loula l 8 6
Baltimore 12 17 l
Hattcri^s— Taylor, Carney anil Sudden;
Hut'lus and Clarke. Umpires— O 1 Day and Mc-
Doaald.
LOUISVILLE, June 27.— N0 game; wet
grounds.
CLEVELAND, June 27.— N0 game; rain.
ACCIDENTALLY SHOT.
Tragic Death of Clyde Waterbury of
San Jose.
MADERA, June 27.— Clyde Waterbury
of San Jose was shot in the throat by the
accidental discharge of a 22-caliber rifle,
the ball coming out at the point of the
chin. He died soon afterward. The acci
dent occurred at 1 o"clock this afternoon,
about two miles west of Madera. Clyd«»
and his father, E. D. Waterbury, were on
their way overland to Manvllle, San Ber
nardino County.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 28, 189 S.
MRS. LOWE IS
PRESIDENT
Honored by Federation
of Women's Clubs.
INTERESTING SESSION ENDS
GREAT EXCITEMENT DURING
THE BATTLE OF BALLOTS.
Mrs. F. A. Eastman of California Is
Chosen a Member of the Board
of Directors of the Na
tional Body.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DENVER, June 27.— Imbued with the
most Intense excitement, precipitated
by the factional feeling In the Feder
ation of Women's Clubs, brought out
during the past twenty-four hours, 2000
women packed the Broadway Theater
to-day to proceed with the election of
officers. Probably as - a pacific measure,
Miss Cole read the One Hundred and
Third Psalm, which commands people
not to keep their anger forever.
Mrs. Henrotin, the president, ap
pointed a parliamentary committee,
consisting of Mrs. Shattuck of Illinois,
Mrs. Roberts of Ohio and Mrs. Osgood
of Maine. Mrs. Noble of Connecticut,
as chairman of the nominating com
mittee, presented the official ticket
headed by Mrs. Lowe of Georgia. Mrs.
Barnes, secretary, followed, presenting
the name of Mrs. Breed of Massachu
setts, and outlining her policy.
Mrs. Alice French of lowa fired the
first gun for Mrs. Lowe with a plea for
the South for non-sectional reasons.
Mrs. Mumford of Pennsylvania, Mrs.
Lockwood of Washington, Mrs. Toutal
of Texas, and Mrs. Cauger of Arkan
sas, followed with similar arguments.
Mrs. Jennings of Utah fought in an
effective speech for Mrs. Breed, where
upon, amid the highest tension, the
speeches were divided between the two
candidates. An effort was made to pre
cipitate a vote after an unsuccessful ef
fort to have Mrs. Lowe take the floor.
Finally the confusion arose to such a
point that it was decided to eject all
visitors from the house. An amend
ment permitted a solitary man, the
Governor of Colorado, to remain. After
one hour of oratory, the debate was
dosed, Mrs. Henrotin relieving the ten
sion with her pood-humored ruling.
Mrs. W. B. Lowe of Atlanta, Ga., was
elected president. The vote was: Mrs.
Lowe, 429; Mrs. Alice Ives Breed, 234;
Mrs. C. P. Burns 10; Mrs. William Tod
Helmuth, 2.
Other officers were elected as follows:
Vice-president, Mrs. Sarah S. Platt of
Denver; recording secretary, Mrs.
Charles E. Fox of Michigan; corre
sponding secretary, Mrs. C. W. Ken
drick Jr. of Pennsylvania; treasurer,
Mrs. Philip X. Moore of Missouri; aud
itor, Mrs. C. P. Barnes of Kentucky.
After the presidential ballots passed
Into the hands of the tellers the ex
citement subsided somewhat, and for
two whole hours the assemblage split
fine parliamentary points. Then Mrs.
Mumford, as chairman of the commit
tee on resolutions, moved that the fed
eration telegraph Speaker Reed at
Washington, urging the passage of
Senator Hoar s bill to preserve bird
life, which resolution was enthusiasti
cally passed by the birdleps bonnet fac
tion of the fair fashionables.
It was also recommended by this
body to the incoming board that at the
next biennial more time be reserved
for discussions and the evenings kept
free for social affairs. Along with this
recommendation came another one to
hold the next biennial in the South.
Dr. Mussey of Washington, D. C,
moved that the word "women" be
stricken from the title and constitu
tion of the General Federation of
Women's Clubs, and thus give the
sterner sex a chance to come in where
there are clubs of both men and
women. This was met by a buzz of dis
approval and lost overwhelmingly.
At this juncture it was decided that
any president serving two consecutive
terms should be made an honorary
president of the federation, which in
novation will make that honor possible
only to Mrs, Henrotin.
Mrs. Marie Remick of Chicago arose
with her resolutions deprecating a na
tional policy of conquest, which pre
cipitated a flow of patriotism.
By this time it was 2 o'clock, and the
ballots having been counted the re
sults were presented to the audience,
breathless with suspense. The an
nouncement of Mrs. Lowe's election as
president precipitated a wild hurrah,
which was properly squelched by the
presiding officer.
Following a forty-five minutes' lnter
mission the body reassembled to elect
the bonrd of directors, as follows^ Mrs.
Mary Lockwood. District of Columbia;
Mrs. Charles Morris, Wisconsin; Mrs.
C. S. Kinney, T'tah: Mrs. H. H. Pyle.
Connecticut; Mrs. F. A. Eastman, Cal
ifornia: Mrs. Frances Wood, Nebraska;
Mrs. William Tod Helmuth, New York;
Mrs. E. L. Buekwnlter, Ohio; Mrs. Har
riet Windsor, Town.
Thereupon were precipitated the
mooted questions of taxation and rep
resentation, which detained the as
semblage until 5 o'clock. The outcome
was the taxation of clubs at the rate
of 10 cents per capita and State federa
tions at the rate of 25 cents per club.
The affection which the club women
have for Mrs. Henrotln was evidenced
on every side. Her biennial address
was very interesting. In stating the
number of clubs in various States 11
gave California credit for 23, Oregon 7
and Washington 9.
Following this speech the new officers
were presented amid great enthusiasm,
resolutions commendatory to the reign
of Mrs. Henrotin were offered by the
committee on resolutions, there were
good-bys innumerable and the greatest
convention of women ever held had
come to an end.
POUR FACTORIES REOPEN.
Militia Protects Oshkosh Workmen
Against Strikers.
ORFTKOSH. Wis.. Juno 27.— Four of the
ppvon sash, door and blind factories af
fected by the woodworkers' strike start
ed up to-dny under protection of the mili
tia and 2."0 deputy sheriff?. The other
factories, it is asserted, have enough men
t<> ke<p poing. although the strikers claim
not a union man returned to work and
that the fnctorie? can do little work with
their skeleton crews. At present the ox
porso to the county is over $2000 a day,
and some criticism is beginning to be
henrd among business men and taxpay
ers.
FIRE AT NEW WHATCOM.
Bellingham Bay Improvement Com
pany's Mill Destroyed.
SEATTLE, June 27.— A dispatch from
New Whatcom says: The Bellingham
Bay Improvement Company mill was
burned to-day. The loss Is estimated at
$400,000. The principal stockholders of the
company owning the mill are P. B. Corn
wall, D. O. Mills and Alvinza Hayward,
the first and last of San Francisco. The
mill employed 400 men.
HEROISM OF A
DROWNING GIRL
Refuses to Imperil Her
Sister.
BREAKS FROM HER GRASP
SEES HER OWN RESCUE IS
NOT POSSIBLE.
I " It Is Better That Only One of Us
Drown" Were the Last Despair
ing Words of Miss Ada
Scribner.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
LAKEPORT, June 27.— The placid
waters of Clear Lake claimed another
victim Saturday night. The Misses Ada
and Nelson Scrlbner of this place were
on the opposite side of the lake at the
Sulphur Bank, and went in bathing.
Ada got beyond her depth, and as she
could not swim she went down. When
she came up the first time she called
to her sister, who swam out and caught
her as she came up the third time. Nel
son held her up for a few minutes, but
did not have enough strength to take
her to shore.
When Ada realized the situation she
broke away from her sister, say in j:
"It is better that only one of us
drown."
She sank for the last time.
Help soon arrived and thje body was
recovered, but life was extinct.
The remains were brought to Lake
port to-day and will be interred to
morrow.
SHOOTS THE MEN
WHO ROBBED HIM
China Ferry Citizen Pursues His
Assailants and Wounds Two
of Them.
STOCKTON, June 27.— A robbery and
shooting affair occurred yesterday in Sac
ramento County, Just across the line from
San Joaciuin, In which two men were
wounded. The man who handled the fire
arm is Fred Allen, a saloon-keeper at
China Forry, a mile below Staten Island.
Karly yesterday morning he was set upon
by three robbers— James Hennessy, Thom
as Sweeney and S. Flemming. Overpow
ering the saloon-keeper, they robbed him
of his watch, but for some unknown rea
son did not succeed in getting his money,
although he had $200 on his person at the
time. After the robbery the men fled.
Allen then went to his saloon and, pro
curing his shotgun, gave chase. On com
ing upon the trio he blazed away at them,
and two of the three were hit. The rob
bers escaped for the time being, however,
but weTe subsequently taken Into cus
tody. Sweeney and Flemming were ar
rested by the Sacramento Sheriff and
Hennessy by Constable McCulloch of New
Hope, this county.
Flemming was found to have been
wounded In the head and in one of his
legs, while Sweeney was struck in the
hand by some of the shot. None of the
wounds are serious. Hennessy was un
hurt.
•■
STAHLMAN EXPLAINS.
Says No Money Was Used to Im
properly Influence Congress.
i WASHINGTON, June 27.— F. B. Stnhl
rr.an appeared before the Senate investi
gating committee with reference to the
Methodist Publishing House matter again
to-day, and exhibited copies of telegrams
that passed between himself and Barbee
and Smith. He presented also a state
i ment showing what disposition he had
made of the money derived by him as a
! fee in prosecuting the claims. It pave in
j detail the disbursement of the money, in
! eluding the names of the parties to whom
j the money was paid. He said to the com
mittee that be knew as a matter of right
: the committee had no authority to demand
; of him such a statement, and he made
! it alone to prove conclusively to tne com
! mi t tee that there was no money used to
I improperly influence Congress, and that
no part Of th> money was paid to those
: connected with the publishing house or
! any one else who had a part or parcel in
making the agreement with him for a
fee.
UNITED STATES AND CANADA.
Important Questions to Come Before
the International Commission.
OTTAWA, Ont., June 27.— The Dominion
Government has received copies of the
protocols agreed upon by the Govern
ments of the United States and Great
Britain for the governing of the forthcom
ing International Commission at Quebc*.
The commission is authorized to consider
the following subjects, embracing practic
ally all those on which the Dominion and
the United States have been at variance
for years:
The Bering Sea sealing question, recip
rocal mining relations; the Canada-Alaska
boundary question; restrictive regulations
for preserving the fisheries on tne Great
Lakes; the North Atlantic fisheries ques
tion, and the bonding question connected
therewith; the alien labor law, and re
ciprocity of trade.
From present appearances the commis
sion will not meet until August. The final
meetings will be held in this city.
POLL TAX LAW VOID.
Nevada Legislative Enactment De-
clared Unconstitutional.
CARSON. June 27.— The Supremo Court
' to-day decided the poll-tax law unconsti
tutional. The act as passed by the last
Legislature made the right to vote con
tingent upon the payment of a poll tax for
two years previous to an election. The
law would deprive at least a third of
the voting population of Nevada of the
right of suffrage.
Registration was denied John Wilson, a
printer, and the proprietor of the Appeal
usked the Supremo Court for a mandamus
compelling the Registry agent to place
"Wilson's nnme on the roll. The decision
is very sweeping and annuls the entire
law as being contrary to section 6, arti
cle 11 of the constitution of the State,
which does not allow any additional con
ditions to be imposed upon the right to
register other than included in the quali
fications of a voter.
Prussian Town Destroyed.
ST. PETERSBURG. June 27.— A dis
astrous fire has occurred at Riason, capi
tal of the Government of that name, sit
uated 110 miles by rail southeast of Mos
cow. Much of the town, which has a pop
ulation of over ;'.0,0"(X), has been destroyed,
and the loss is estimated to be several
million rubles.
HOTEL ARKIVALS.
BALDWIN HOTEL.
I J Hartwtrk, Chicago J R Garrett. X T
j W O Reed. Chicago F C Butler. Marysvllle
E Dodson. Tho World Dr Bright. Salinas
E Blackburn, Term Dr Stitt, Cinn
\V Muenster, N V S h Cheila, Vacavllle
D W Kiley, Chicago S Mlglianaoca, S Rafl
J C Fit-her, S Diego D Brownstein, Napa
M Frledlander, Chicagi C Hutchinson. L Ang
Mrs GullbtTt, S Jose W Hussey, S P Co
Miss Guilbert, S Jose R Dixon, Indianapolis
V Guilbert, S Jose W Beatty. St Lake
Miss Del Conte, S Jose J H Davis. Wash
M Kohn, S Jose P Oorooran Eenlcla
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
H Williams, Fetaluma J Willard, Millerstown
J Smith & w, Mexico C Douglas & s, Stkn
J D Ritchie. Cal F Roberts, Porterville
W Spiers, St Lake J C Jones, Fresno
S Lerdy & w, Perm R F Donald, S Rosa
i G Smith, Carson J Morris, Vlsalla
! J Royct\ I; Banos C D Hynes. Uklah
i M C Hurley. S Jose M Clark. Sonora
i C Stocking, Stockton L B Barnes, Sactc
j R Herlot. S Cruz |J Bennett. Riverside
j J Peterson, Reno
GRAND HOTEL.
E J Melton. Balto E Sohtrmer, Cal
C Pendleton, L Ang D Seligman, N V
I Cortolence, St Helena Q Turner, Modesto
Mrs Glfford, Palo Alto F Brown & f. Oakland
G Peiraro, S Jose G Lingo. Birds Lndg
Dr Davis, Stockton \V Garlick, Cal
T Moffett, Cat T C Miner. Fresno
G H Edwards. Cal E B Castle, Cal
E Pueachal, Visalia E Boescn, Cal
Miss Pollard, Cal W Thatcher, Hopland
W B Coombs. Cal |Mrs Duff & s. S Cruz
H Black, L Ang |W Besse. S Cruz
Dr Muerker &w, Cal J W Browning. Cal
Misa Bryan, Cal Dr A E Osborne, Cal
S Summerneld, Reno W Williams Jr. S Raf
II Isar.rd. Nevada City R Humphrey, Milton
Mrs Graves, Salinas M Goldsmith, Stkn
II Tracy, Salinas
PALACE HOTEL.
M M Hynes, Healdsbg'W R Green. N V
E C Howe. N V ;Mrs W R Green. N V
W Wright. Phil ;Mrs T Flint. Snn Juan
A W Barrett, Sacto R G Brown, Bodie
F G Lang. Sausalito JO E Glem. US N
J B Handy, U S V Mrs 3 R Churchill, Wls
Mrs .1 Ii Handy, U S V E Gruettner. St Helena
B Bass. NY IH C Wltmer&w. L An
A H Cohen. N V M Fol, Japan
Murat Halsted, NY T Tsukada. Japan
J A Lunbach, Cngo H Chapin & W, Seattle
D A WUklns. Chgo .1 N Llpman & w, Or
F W Billings, Utah C F Vandewater & w,
W Baur, N V Wash
H Schulz, Bremen F H Hurk. Vacavllle
L T Wrljrht. Keswick R II Weaterby. Mo
U Lust. Term F A Salisbury. Sacto
Mrs A B Dyer, D C
€AN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market nrri Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street.
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
357 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; <"~n until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street: open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2E26 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; -open until 9 o'clock.
CHURCH NOTICES.
"JESUS, the Savior and Healer," is preached
and the sick healed In His name "without
money and without price," at 7:30 each even-
ing, at "Gospel -Mission Tent," Broadway,
near Fourteenth, Oakland, by Francis, who
was used of our Lord in the gracious healing
of Mrs. Carrie Judd Montgomery- The tent
overflows with devout worshipers, the Holy ;
Spirit is being largely outpoured, a blessed re-
vival of true religion Is progressing, and the ;
numerous healtjigs marvelously attest the
presence and faithfulness of Jehovah Rophl.
Lan evening totally deaf ears were suddenly
opened, gainful diseases controlled, and a
poor paralytic with diseased spine enabled to
discard his usual supports, stoop to the floor
with ease, . leap, and glorify "the Lord our i
Healer." This work is wholly free and for the
glory of "Jesus Only." Bring up your sick.
THE COMMITTEE._
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No 5. R. A. M., A
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- _JW-
ING, June 28. at 7:30 o'clock. M. M-.THf
P. M. and M. E. M. degrees. By order /^T x |
of the 11. P. FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secy.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. &A. M. •
—Third degree, THIS (TUESDAY) JV
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. TLjZ
A. S. HUBBARD, Secy. /V>
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30, F. &A. •
M.— Called meeting THIS (TUESDAY) _J\_
EVENING, June 23, at 7:3.) o'clock. IS 3?
D. 2. GEO. J. HOBE. Secy, /V^
ST. PATRICK'S Alliance of America. /v.
—The picnic committee will meet r4^jß*>
THIS (TUESDAY) EVENING, June ■'£«yjs
28, to arrange for a picnic to be held CixT)
at Shell Mound Park, July 24. A full "" 3 O*-^
attendance is requested.
JOHN GANEY. Secy._ j
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., room 6; tel. 5580.
CLARA NORDLINGER. alcohol baths and
massage. 101 Eddy st., room 12.
PEARL PIERCE, manicuring. 230 Kearny st.,
room 20.
MISS VIOLA BURWELL of New Orleans,
baths and massßge. 1118 Market St., room 8.
MISS L. DEAN, 917 Market St., parlors 11 and
12, Turkish baths and massage treatment.
ETA RALPH, returned; thermal baths, mas-
sage. Parlors 1 and 2, 32 Turk St.
MISS SUMMERS, alcohol and vapor baths.
116 A Grant aye., room 17, second floor.
MISS R. CLEVELAND, from the East— Baths,
massage; assistants. 2ft Grant aye., room 5.
MISS SHELDON, steam baths and chiropodist.
1021 Market st., opp. Powell, rooms 9 and 11.
PEARL HARRISON and assistant, magnetic
treatment, massage. 120% Geary St.. room 2.
MISS EVA SUMMERS, alcohol and vapor
baths. ]16A Grant aye., room 17.
MISS MYRTLE POTTER, 1021 Market, rm. 12,
opp. Baldwin: steam baths and massage.
MRS. STEWART, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120% Geary st, room 11.
ALVINE HALL and assistant; genuine cabinet
baths. 15% Turk and HIS Market, mis. 15-16.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
THE Continental Building and Loan Associa-
tion of California, 222 Sansome St., has de-
clared for the year ending June 30, 1898, a div-
idend of 6 per cent per annum on ordinary
deposits, 7 per cent on one year term de- i
posits, 10 per cent to class F stock, and 12
per cent to class A stock.
DR. ED. E. HILL, President
CAPT. OLIVER ELDRIDGE, Vice- Pres.
WM. CORBIN. Secretary. _•
DIVIDEND notice— German Savings and
Loan Society. 526 California — For the half
year ending June 30, 189S, a dividend has been
declared at the rate of. four and twenty-hun-
dredths (4.20) per cent per annum on term
deposits and three and one-half (3.50) per
cent per annum on ordinary deposits, free of
taxes, payable on and alter FRIDAY. July 1,
1898. GEORGE TOURNY, Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Savings and Loan Society,
101 Montgomery St., cor. of Sutter— The Board
of Directors declared a dividend for the half-
year ending June 30, 189S, at the rate of four
(4) per cent per annum on term deposits and
three aid one-third (3 1-3) per cent per an-
num on ordinary deposits, free of taxes, and
payable en and after Friday. July 1, IS9S.
Dividends not called for are added to and
bear the same rate of dividend as the prin-
cipal from and after July 1, 1893.
CYRUS W. CARMANY, Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice— San Francisco Savings
Union, 532 California St., corner Webb For j
the half year ending with the 30th of June,
IS9S, a dividend has been declared at the rate
per annum of four (4) per cent on term depos-
its and three and one-third (3 1-3) per cent on
ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable on
and after Friday. July 1, 1898. -v .■ ;;
LOVELL WHITE. Cashier.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Mutual Savings Bank of
San Francisco, 33 Post st. For the half year
ending June 30, 1898, a dividend has been de-
clared at the rate of three and three-quar-
ters (3%) per cent per annum on all deposits,
free of taxes, payable on and after Friday,
July 1, 1888. GEORGE A. STORY,
I Cashier.
| HUMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society, 18
Geary f>t.— The directors have declared the
following semi-annual dividends: Four per
cent per annum on term and 3 1-3 per cent
per annum on ordinary deposits, payable on
and after July 1. 1898.
ERNEST BRAND, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 82, 50c per
share, of the Oceanic Steamship | Company,
I will be payable at the office of the company,
■■ 327 Market St.. on and after FRIDAY, July
1. 1898. Transfer books .will close on Satur-
day, June 25. IS9S, at 12 o'clock m. E. H.
SHELDON. Secretary.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
! PACIFIC Employment — First-class se-
lect help. *35 Market st.: nhnne Clay 130.
SITUATIONS WANTED—
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires situation;
young and strong: best city references. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
I SUPERIOR Irish girl desires situation; good
• cook anB laundress; best references; city or
j country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl desires : situation at house-
work or as nurse, $10 to $15; references. MISS
• CULLEN, 32R Sutter st. .
A— SWEDISH house girl ; ; first-class cook and
laundress; best references. Apply MRS.
NORTON, Swedish and German Employment
Bureau, 313 Sutter st. .
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes place to assist;
strong and willing; $10. MRS. NORTON, 313
, • Sutter st.
GERMAN second girl; first-class waitress and
- seamstress ; 3 years' references. MRS. NOR-
i TON, 313 : Sutter st. v
A— FIRST-CLASS Irish girl wishes situation; 1
cooking or housework; . understands her
, : work in all branches: best references; Amer-
ican and ' German cooking. Apply' MRS
■ NORTON, 313 Sutter st. ...
; A NO. 1 second girl, best of reference, desires
a situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sut-
;• ter st. ,:-■■.■'.'. ■•:■■;-•;■■:;■.';■ -v, ..:.:::■■:■:■/:■:. - : ..~.
NEAT German r girl wishes situation in small
;.: family; no children; wages $15. 448 Ninth st.
j WANTED— By a young lady position as house-
keeper.. Box W,B 26, Call Office.
! GIRL' wishes a situation for general house-
j work. Apply at. 337. Jessie st., .after 12. : •
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
CAPABLE woman wishes position to do house-
keeping or chamberwork. Waldorf House, 24
Fifth st.. room 24.
YOUNG girl desires position; care of child.
Apply present employer, Baldwin Hotel,
room 350.
FIRST-CLASS colored woman wishes situa-
tion as cook. Aidress LAURA JOHNSON,
1006 Clay st.
YOUNG girl from nice family, speaking
French and English, would like care of chil-
dren in private family. Call !'2l Post st.
YOUNG French lady, fresh wet nurse, wishes
situation in some family. Inquire MRS.
BERNARD, midwife. SOl Vallejo st.
LADY'S companion, secretary, Invalid's nurse,
housekeeper or to travel; a thoroughly com-
petent English la.lv; first-class city testimon-
ials. Address MISS E. C. R., Berkeley.
LADY, good seamstress, would like plain eew-
lng, to make over dresses and gent's jnend-
Ing; cheap. Call or address 1257 California s"t.
AMBITIOUS, bright young lady wishes a po-
sition outside of S. F. at bookkeeping, type-
writing or general office work: three years'
reference from wholesale house where at
present employed. Addreas M.. 615 Hyde st.
COMPETENT pirl wishes situation to do gen-
eral housework; city or country. Addreas
box 497. Woodland, Cal.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and wnrt a>l» taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main l!it»7. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay at.
JAPANESE Employment Bureau; best help
promptly. 322 Golden Gate; tel. South 171.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414H O'Farrell St.; tel. East 42t.
MAN and wife, competent American couple,
want situation with a family, city or coun-
try, a» man about place and cook, etc. ; wages
$30; references given. Address care of 104
Geary St., S. F. ; telephone Grant 185.
SITUATION wanted as barkeeper or porter
in wholesale liquor store; rectifier and com-
pounder. Address box 160, Call office.
YOUNG married man wishes a steady position;
willing to do any kind of hard work. Call 17
Third St., room 2.
YOUNG man, understands work around private
place, wants position in city or country. Ad-
dress box 129, Call office.
WANTED— By an active elderly man, to work
In kitchen, small restaurant or hotel; city or
country; can do plain, all around cooking.
Address box S6, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS cooper, distiller and wlnemaker
wants position; city or country. 4040 Twenty-
fourth st.
MIDDLE-AGED man, best references, wants
position as janitor, porter or assistant; single;
needs employment at once. Box 87, Call.
COACHMAN who understands his business, so-
ber and reliable, wants position on private
place in country or country town; references;
wages $30. Address G. YV\, box 277, Call office.
BOOKKEEPER— First-class double entry and
correspondent; Al city references. Box »0,
Call office.
EXPERIENCED man wishes a situation as
grocery' clerk or bartender; understands both;
has good references. Address box 98. Call.
SITUATION wanted by a steady and sober
man; thoroughly understands the care of
horses, driving, garden, cows; best of refer-
ences; city or country. Box 24, Call office.
YOUNG man desires to send his sister to uni-
versity; wants position as salesman or at
office work in Pan Francisco or Oakland; ex-
perienced; good habits; best of references.
Address box 6S, Call Office.
RELIABLE man nnd wife want to do cham-
berwork in lodging house or hotel; city or
country. Address Reliable, box 27. Call office.
JAPANESE excellent boy wants situation as
office hoy or waiter. K. S., 1329 Pine st.
CHINESE boy. first-class family cook, wants
situation, city or country; small washing;
good references. WON SAM, 615,2 Dupont st.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 Third St.. near
Market; 200 rooms. 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; fr»«
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
WOMAN to do housecleanins. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st
GERMAN second girl, $15. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
HEAD waitress, country, $25. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
FRENCH maid and seamstress, $25. see lady
here 2:3^. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
10 WAITRESSES, country, $20 and $25; 4 wafc
resses and chambermaids, $20 each, city.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
NURSE, $25; second girl, $25; cook. $30; sec-
ond girl, same house. $20; 12 housework girls,
city am', country, $20 and $25; 6 young girls,
assist, $10 to $15. MISS CUI.LEN. 325 Sutter.
LADY shamponer and masseur for Hammam
$35. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 101 Geary.
25 WAITRESSES i for
springs, mountains, water and summer re-
Borts, $20 and $25
10 waitresses, commercial hotels $20
2 chambermaids to wait, resort 20
Chambermaid to wait, south, see party here,
$20; 25 housegirls for city and country places,
$25, $20. $15. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
2 WOMAN cooks. $30. C. R. HANSEN Sc CO.,
104 Geary st.
CHAMBERMAID, $20; waitress, $15~ nurse,
$25. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
COOK, $25; second girl, $20; German nurse
girl, one child 7 years, $15; young girl to as-
sist, $12. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter St.
HOUSE girl. (SB; Irish house girl, $20; Ger-
man cook, $30; ranch cook, $25. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter st.
GERMAN house girl, $25; German girl to wash
dishes. $15; middle-aged woman, country, $20;
Danish house girl, $20, Oakland, see party
hertv MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
COOK, small restaurant, $2."> to $30, no baking;
4 waitresses, resorts, a short distance, $20;
waitress, assist chamber work, $20; German
seamstress and nur=e, $20; colored girl for
housework, $20; cook, German style, $25;
lroners In laundry; cook, resort, $25; and
girls for cooking and housework. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— German cook, city, $40; cook,
country. $35: French nurse, $25; French maid
and seamstress, country, $25; cook for San
Mateo, $20; German cook and some washing,
2 in family, $25; 2 waitresses, summer re-
sort, $20 each. LEON ANDRE, 316 Stockton.
GIRL for Hay wards, no cooking, nice place,
$10; girl or woman for housework, near Hay-
wards, family 2, $12; girl for housework, cook
breakfast only, $15; colored woman for house-
work, $12: woman with a child, housekeeper,
for country. Pac. Emp. Agency, 835 Market.
WANTED— Neat waitress for nice resort near
city; $20; fare paid. W. D. EWER & CO.,
626 Clay st.
TEN good reliable girls wanted, wages, $20 to
$25; references both ways. 313 Bush st.
LADIES' select and refined bureau of Informa-
tion; managed by city Indies. 313 Bush st.
BOOKKEEPER and order clerk, commission
house; stenographer, special work, to-day.
313 Bush st.
CHAMBERMAID to a6sist waiting, $20: wait-
resses, $20. HOTEL GAZETTE, 420 Kearny.
2 WAITRESSES, $20. HOTEL GAZETTE, 420
Kearny st.
WANTED— A girl to do firet-class cooking and
housework In a family of 2 in Mill Valley;
in the city tn winter: wages $20; references
Call at 1.11! Taylor St., between 10 and 12 a
m., on Wednesday, June 29.
WANTED— Toong girl tn assist general house-
work; sleep home; $3 week. Call 9to 11 a m
at 1514 O'Farrrell st.
GIRL or woman (nll-around help) for restau-
rant. Apply at 120S Mason st.
WANTED— Two young ladies for roadhouse
Address box 5000, Call Office.
APPRENTICE wanted in dress making. 813
Polk st.
WANTED— A servant girl; small family; small
wages. 327 Ivy aye.
GIRL for general housework; 3 In family Call
between 8 and 12 at 1275 O'Farrell st.
TYPEWRITER and cashier; bookkeeper- lady 7 !*
companion; governess; nurse, trained 2\h
Bush st.
RESPECTABLE woman for housework and
baby: small wages; call after 10, 15 Harriet.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on custom coats- $12
week. Apply GO4 Jessie, i-or. Seventh. '
EXPERIENCED cutter on ladTes 7^ r r7ipT^r7
skirts, etc.. few days in week or even n™
Apply 338 Fell st.. from 7 to 8 a. m. or • r > m.
WANTED— Young girl, light housework- good
home; $5 month; small family. 716 Franklin
WANTED— A clerk for a general merchanaiae
store In the countr . R., box 69. Call office
GIRL about 15, living home, to take carp nf
child from 9 to G^JilS Larkin st f
WANTED-A competent nurse7~flrst~-~elaßs city
reterences; none other net>d apply 22TS Pnirt
■st.. near Devisadero. Call after' 11 o'clock
WANTED-First-class finishers on custom
pants; good pay; steady. Call at once, 1037
GIRLS can find employment by applying at
Home of Love for Children, 1301 Franklin %t.,
Oakland.
few hundred more operators at
LEM. STRAUS & JO.'S factory, 32Vi Fre-
mont st. Inquire for Mr. Davis.
LEARN dresama ng and millinery; position!
free; patterns 250 up. McDowell's, 103 Po»t.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
LAWRENCE Dresscuttlns School, 1079 Market
at. : perfect fit; no trying on; trial free. ■
WANTED— GirIs and ladies to learn "Rood's
magic scale dress cutting system" complete In
10 days; open evenings: good pay. 207 Taylor.
HELP WANTED- MALE.
EUTLErTI^^ MISS COLiaif. 325 Sutter
street. ; _]
MAN as porter: $10 per month. MISS CUL-
. LEN, 325 Sutter st.
A MURRAY & READY -
Wants to-day '
. 2086 men — —
"Free" "fare," "free" ■
500 railroad teamsters —$2 and $1 75 da?
300 railroad laborers y* l "> " a y
For four— great railroads——
316 woodchoppers. tools furnished, $1 oO and
$1 cord: 118 tiemakers— Bc, 9c, 10c and lie each
3 stablemen —$28 and found
10 brick yard laborers — "5 to $2 day
« milkers $25 and found
12 laborers for a sawmill -$26 and found
6 lumber pliers $1 50 day
25 gold "not silver" miners ; -$2 50 day
115 laborers for a great American and
English syndicate; wages from
■ $2 50 day — ■ — —
26 farm hands $26 and- $20 and found
10 haymakers $26 and found
12 orchard hands $20 and found
5 choreboys — $10 and $15 and found
600 men for Arizona
Carpenter for a large ranch;
blacksmith for a large ranch—
6 firemen for mines —.
6 hay balers. 15c ton ■
6 two-horse teamsters, clt $1 75 day and $28
and found; 19 laborers, city Jobs $175 day
Also hundreds —
of other places too numerous to advertise;
Come and sea
MURRAY & READY,
■ — 634-636 Clay st.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents on
Pacific Coast. .-.--, .',_
A— l 6 MEN to dig small trenches, etc., so water
can run between vines, trees., etc., Dick iru't.
etc., $20 and found . .
also ~;"";;""i
$30 and found. 8 men to cut brush and clear-
land, fare 25c Monterey County
6 farm hands .......:.... $26 and found
Solano County
5 farm hands $26 and found
MURRAY & READY
634-636 Clay st.
A— LOOK WAITERS .LOOK
10 extra waiters, fare paid both ways. >2 day
and found ,
Hotel waiter, fare 30c .$3O and found
2 hotel waiters, same country hotel
■— • * 425 and found
2 waiters, fare $2, nice h0te1.... 530 and found
Walter, nice hotel, fare 2"5 c $25 and found
3 waiters, city Jobs, $S week and $25 and found
waiter, restaurant, fare 2.'c $25 and room
• MURRAY & READY,
• 634-636 Clay st.
A— DISHWASHER, near city.... 525 and found
3 dishwashers, city J0b.. 520 and $15 and found
porter, city job $15 a nd $20
MURRAY & READY.
■■■■634-636 Clay St.
A-LOOK COOKS LOOK
Second cook, city $9 a weelc
3 hotel cooks $40. $35 and $30
2 ranch cooks $2." rind found
MURRAY & READT.
634-636 Clay st.
LOOK BAKERS LOOK
Baker, small country bakery
$8 week and found
Baker for country bakery $30 and found
Second baker, near city $30 and found
MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S, 104 Geary st
WANTED TO-DAY
Gang of 4-horse teamsters, railroad work,
south; gang of 2-horse teamsters, railroad
work, coast road; 3 gangs of 2-horse team-
sters Valley road
6 tunnelmen railroad work
free fare, free fare and regular wages
for all of the above orders
We ship to the Alaska railroad on Thurs-
day's steamer
want 300 men for construction work
bridge carpenters rockmen laborers,
30c and 35c an hour: 11 hours a working day;
board $7 a week.... special rates of fare Sea
Mr. John Stanley from Skaguav at office of.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WOODSMEN ."
Head logger, $60 and board; 6 barkers and
buckers, $35 and board
10 men to chop tanbark, $2 75 a cord; no ex-
perience necessary; camp board, $2 50 a we?k;
woodchoppers and tiemakers. different coun-
ties; 10 teamsters, city, $1 50 a day; 13 far-
mers, grain ranches and orchards. $20 and
found; Swiss milker. $2". and. found, 25c fare;
carpenter, rough work, $25 and found; painter
$2 a day and found: blacksmith, $35 and
found; helper, $25 and found; vegetable gar-
dener, $25 and found
For laundries
2 laundrymen, country institution, $75 and
found: laundryman and wife, country hotel, I
$50 and found; 2 French laundrymen. city in-
stitution, $55 and found: 2 markers and dis-
tributors, $33 and $30 and found; starcher and
mangier, hotel. $25 and found ;
Cooks, bakers and waiters
2 cooks for the naval reserve, $40 ea.cn, sea
party here; lunch man, $45; second cook and
baker, resort. $45; pantryman, resort. $20;
porter boy, $20; French confectioner; baker's
helper, $25 and found; colored waiter, north,
fare paid, $25; 5 neat Eastern waiters $40-
2 waiters, same commercial hotel, $25 and
fare advanced; cook, camping prirty $20-
porter, country hotel, $20, see party here,
fare advanced.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Cook for hotel. San Mateo County,
$43; German cook, $60; hotel cook. $50: wait-
ers, $20, $25 and $30: dishwasher and kitchen
hands. $15 to $30. ANDRE'S 316 Stockton st.
WANTED— Shirt Ironer, city, $35; ironer, coun-
try, $30: plain ironer, $20; laundryman, $25,
etc. ANDRE'S. 316 Stockton st.
WANTED— $35: second butler, $25 to
$30: kitchen boy, private place, $20; French
indoor servant, $30; porter for saloon, $15, etc.
ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton st.
WANTED— Quartz miner, $2 50 a day; farmer
and wife, private place. $40: 2 more laborers,
$1 a day and board; teamsters, $1 5Q a day!
2 choremen, $25 month and $150 year; black-
smith for mine, $2 50 a day: farmers, milkers
others. Apply to J. P. CROSETT & CO., 628
Sacramento St. •
WANTED— Porter and barber for springs;
waiter, country hotel, $25; 2 cooks for steam-
er. $39; ranch cook, 3 men, $20; second cooks
$7 and $11 a week: kitchen men and others.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sao-
ramento st.
JOHN PATERSON and wife please callj
American man and wife for private place,
$50; teamsters, $1 75 a day; 4 farmers, $20;
hay stackers, $26; 6 scraper teamsters $20
and board; waiter, country hotel. $25 R. T
WARD & CO.. 60S-610 Clay st.
WANTED— Ranch blacksmith, $40, steady Job;
2 men to stack hay, $1 25 per day and board !
6 farmhands, $20 and $25; man to do chores
about gentleman's place In country. $15 and
found: 2 haying hands, near city, $26; man
to milk ■ and do farm work, near city, $20;
cooks, waiters, dishwashers and others. "W
D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay St. '
WANTED— Cook and wife; $60 per month w"
D. EWER & CO.. 626 Clay St. "
WANTED— and second for institution
near city; $60. W. D. EWER, 626 Clay st.
COOK, $65; 3 waiters. $20; boy. hotel porter.
$12; Japanese cook and house servant, $20.
HOTEL GAZETTE. 420 Kearny st.
2 JAPANESE boys for all work, $20. HOTEIi
GAZETTE. 420 Kearny st.
MUSICIANS — Cornet player wanted at Foster'
Dancing School, 1358 Market st.
SAILORS and ordinary wanted at LANE'S,
C'o4 Davis st., near Jackson.
DISHWASHER wanted; restaurant. 108 7th st.
GOOD bread baker. 3023 Sacramento st. Call
early.
1 BUSHELMAN. 1 presser. 12 Montgomery st.
Golden West Clothing Renovatory.
COAT-MAKER for country. Apply REIS3
BROS.. 24 Sutter st. w >
PACKER for tinware and englneeer for Ore-
gon; porter for wholesale house. 313 Bush st.
WANTED— BiII clerk, $5 per week. Box B C 05
Call office.
YOUNG man to work In garden. 1204 Twelfth
St., Oakland. Call before 10 a. m.
BARBER wanted; Journeyman. Free .Employ-
ment office, 707 Brannan; 'phone Mint li>o2.
BARBER wanted steady. 797 Mission st., cor-
ner Fourth.
WANTED— Boy 16-18 years for shoe "store. 767
Market st.
OFFICE boy; porter and handy man for in-
stitution: call early. Pacific Employment
Office, IBS Market st.
W ANTED— Good kitchen hand: must be sober,
steady man; references. 32 Sixth st.
WANTED— 3 first-class carpenters. 609 Octa-
via st. ; call between 7 and 8 a. m.
SECOND wanted. 207 Second st.
WANTED— Ruing man to work around and
do the cot».ing for two men; German pre-
ferred. Inquire corner Baker and Lombard
sts., at the nursery.
WANTED— Plumber's helper. 1017 Folsom st.
WANTED-Walter. 234 O'Farrell st.
GENERAL store bookkeeper. Ben Lomond: I
general store clerks. 313 Bush St..
RECRUITS wanted for the United States ma-
rine corps. United- States navy: able-bodied,
unmarried men, between the ages of 21 and
30 years, who are citizens of the United
ftates, or. those who have legally declared
their ■ intention to become such: must be of
_. good character and habits and able to speak.
read , and write English, and be between 5
• ieet 5 inches and 6 feet In height. For further
information apply at the recruiting office. M
tills St., San Francisco, CalTIF.I.I* WANTED— Continued.
WATCHMAN, Janitors, porters, butlers, fire-
man; investigate new proposition, subacrlp-
tlon. 313 Br.sh st.
MANAGING partner r well-established cash
business !n Oakland, to-day. SIS Bush st.
EXPERIENCED brick yard men. linden Brick
Company's yard, Baden, South San Francisco.
WANTED Laborers an.l mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.: 150 large
2.'c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
EPDY, 616— Wanted young lady or gent to
room and board; private family; reasonable.
MAKERS to buy findings and leather;
wholesale prices; men's uppers to order $1 ud'
■?:i Howard ft. "'
WANTED— Seamen and ordinary seamen for
Aiaska. Puget Sound, Mexico, etc.; apply
Mariners' Home. W. W. LANE, 604 Davis st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 50; men's
soling. 3:.c: only one price. 953 Howard st.
MEN to learn barber trade In eight weeks, S.
F. Barl • ■ College. 12?% Eighth st.
SING furnished fine, large sunny and airy
room. Soc night. Uosedale House. 321 Ellin.
BA ' ? . l ' l 'V? S ~ *■*'_! Free Employm't Office. S.
1 I > HS, Sec. 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
SI J G i' E /P'Tf,' i 1i 1 , 00 and Uc n»«*t: 76c and $1
■week. Linden House. Sixth and Howard sts.
V ' ATA TF ' rr r rTo ,c-, c -. 01 ,V Pt w <»irM due laborers and
clerks Kiiox Collection Agency. 110 Sutter st. |
WANTED— At Montana House. 764>A Mission
£II 6 V t0 ™ Uike rooms: 10c. 15c and 25c per
nlsht: CQo. 90c and $1 per week.
TRY Acina House. 957 Market St., below Sixth
for a room; 25c a nlcht: $1 a week.
WIN r HESTKR house". 44 Third st., near
J lav 2W, rooms. 25e a night; reading room;
Tr»,- '.-■< in .l y.. . -.!_,. to and from the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED.
YOUR name on a postal will bring my big il-
lustra • catalogue of war novelties and
ba.iges. 100 illustrations; don't buy in the
dark: I 'beat the world on prices. L. N~
CUSHMAN, 34 Oliver St.. Boston, Mass.
A TS for "Our Naval War With" Spain":
*r/leridio".y illustrated : only authentic book to
be published: free outfit nowready; act quick
_National^ Pub. Co.. Lakeside bldg., Chicago.
ELEVENTH. 10« Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions nn.l ails taken.
~*~^~ ' —~-—-— — —» ■_■_"_■
"\v vvrr.i)— mis( 1:1.1. \\i:oi s.
WANTED - North of Market; Ing-house
from IS to 35 rooms: well furnished and good
buil.ilnsr: pay ash. C. H. TAYLOR A- CO..
1023 Market st.
WANTED— To buy a well located meat market
north of Market st.: cash. C. H. TAYLOR
& CO.. 1013 Marget st.
WANTED — Second-hand X-ray machine; must
be choap. Box S?s4, Call office.
■WANTED— Pattern press feeder. Apply 1:30
P. m.. Tuesday. 1505 Polk st.
WANTED— about 12x14; state price. '
PETERSON, 334 Fremont st.
SCALE, safe, coffee mill, desk, letter press;
cheap, at 021 Mission st.
GOOD double action harp very cheap. Box
' 774. Call, office. '
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK. the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
iv:'.. reveal every hidden mystery in life: she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separate, recovers lost,
ftolen or burled property; locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life, past, present
and future, while in a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to op. m. ; perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall. Send stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
-■" and 26, 1206 Market st.. opposite Sixth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
sight: diagnosis disease, full life reading; la.
60c, gents sl; palm, andclair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MRS! DR. E. J. MOORE, 1104 Market st.
(Vendom*. building) Trance medium; unites
the separated; chanpes luck; locates buried
treasures: letters answered; inclose stamp.
MRS. BUTLER, reliable clairvoyant, card
reader; Hindoo control; hours 10-5. 579 Geary.
MMX. MORE AU. best medium and card
reader; 25c up; by all $1. 73 Fourth St.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past,
lent and future; 25c. 14S Sixth st., room 10.
MME. RAVE.NA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; Re up. 5 Fourth et.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT, card reader and
palmist. 215 Kearny st.. room 2.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
bar.d'- picture. 25c: ladies. 914 O'Farrell st. "
MRS. I>U. ANNA THOMAS, first In her pro-
fpsslon: never falls: n.dvjrv: help. 921 Post st.
SPIRI II IXtlgM.
SEEKERS after truth come to test meeting to-
night, S o'clock. Leander, medium, s'lB Eddy.
MRS. E. BALDWIN. • .-■•■:■ healer: room
98, second floor, 1505 Market st, cor. Eighth.
CIRCLE to-nlpht: also Thursday, 2 p. m. C.
MAYO STEERS, 112% Oak. Readings. $1.
C. V. MILLER, materializing, etherializing
trumpet seance, 25e. 409 Leavenworth St.
MRS. KATE LESTER. 326 Polk St.. test circle
2 p. m. 8 p. m., 10c: readings daily.
M. FRANCES, Independent slate writing me-
dium. 118 Haul. 1 st.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia St.; read-
ings, <$1; cir. Tues.. Frl.,-2 p. m. ; Sat. 8: 25c.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings daily. 212% Sixth St.- .
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test and busi-
ness medium. 232 Stockton st.
HYPNOTISM
A — LECTURE Tuesday evening, June 28. Occi-
dental Hall. 305 I^arkin St.; subject. "How to
Cure Liquor Habit;" other diseases. Admis-
sion free. DR. S. TUKMAN, 247 Larkin St.;
elevator.
SEND 10c for California Hypnotic Journal of
Psychology. California Institute, 406 Geary st.
PALMISTRY.
MRS. CHANDLER— Free lecture Sunday. 3 p.
m. . 305 Larkln: readings at res.. 333 Geary st.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— KREDO & CO. 22% Geary st.
UP-TO-DATE BROKERS.
List with us; no charge for advertising; 500
houses; al sizes; all prices.
6 rooms; flat; free rent $125
: : Shu Geary st.: elegant: new 225
8 rooms; Jones m ; clears $20 225
9 rooms: sunny and pleasant; clears $25... 275
c. rooms; MlSSion-St. corner 350
9 rooms; nicest little house on Taylor st... 350
Many large houses from 50 to 600 rooms, too
numerous to mention. KREDO & CO.
21-ROOM house... $450 li-rm. house;' cor... s4ooo
19 rms.; boarding 1600 22-room house 850
15 rms.; corner... 900 10 rms.; fine cor... 300
22 rms.; must sell 1000 15 rms.; on 4th st.. 250
Other houses, 4 to 300 rooms; prices $100 to
$6000.
II C. DECKER. 1020 Market st., opp. Fifth.
ffIOQ— LODGING-HOUSE; main St.; 25 rooms;
old established: money maker; cash or trade.
City Agency, BO Market st. . .
19 ROOMS furnished: rent $33; good living;
cheap for cash; owner goes away. 48 7th st.
HOWARD, 704, corner Third— Nicely furnished
32-room corner house; full; cheap.
$27f>0 CASH will buy house of 24 rooms; cheap
rent: north of and near Market St.; good
paying and well established. Box 113. Call.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FOLDING- BED, bedroom and kitchen furni-
ture, bedding, range, etc. 424 Tehama St.,
near Fifth.
FOR sale — Furniture of 14 rooms; house can
bo rented cheap. Apply 115 South Park.
FURNITURE of lWoom house; owner going
to Europe. 509 Jni.- % s nt.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY steam Carpet-Cleaning Works; cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. M_r.,
3S and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDINO'S Pioneer Carpet-
Beating Workß, 3C3-57 Tehama Et. ; tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 3'J4. GEO. WOLCOM, Proprietor.
J. MCQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet-Cleaning Co., 463
Stevenson st.; tel S. 225; lowest rates.
PETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relald at 3c.
BTRATTON. 3 Eighth at.; tel. Jessie 944.
GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet-Cleaning
Works. 14 Ith st. B. GRANT, tel. Jessie 201.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co., 240 14th
St. ;^jeanlng 3c a yard; tel. Mission 74..
CONKLI.V.S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 126.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; no charge unlesa successful.
IV. IV. DAVIDSON. 527 Market St.
ALI» private law cases. insolvency, collections,
free advice; open cv. Atty McCabe. 103 Larkln.
£, S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket; consultation free; no fees ; in advance.
'a nVICE free on all legal matters. T. F.
6TACK» 1* MoAllleter _;., rpom ,M» _
" BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— SALOON ln^thT^Tery^besrTocationT I
\vesiern Addition, doing a first-class paying
business; owner engaged in other business;
must sacrifice; not all cash needed. WILKE. ,
S4a Market st.
A— s4,-0— PARTNER wanted in old established
and llrst-class saloon on Third st.. close to
Uaus Spreckels building; a first-class open-
ing. See WILKE, £4? Market st. -
A— s4oo; partner in first-class paying busi- :
,ness, on Kearny st. nr. Market, clearing easi- !
ly $250 per month: no opposition; a rare ;
chance. For particulars, WILKE, 845 Market. j
A— $1800; CORNER grocery and bar; double
store; 4 living rooms; horse and wagon; rent
$a 0; first-class business; only cash trade; sick- i
. ness In family compels owner to leave the
ctiy: a very rare business opening. WILKE. :
545 Market at.
$1200; SALOON near Chronicle building;
average daily receipts $35; rent $75: an excel-
lent good place. WILKE. Sl5 Market st.
A— s6oo; SALOON on California St.; low rent;
doing a good paying business; no better offer
for the price in the market. WILKE, S>4»
Market st.
A— s6oo; corner .saloon; milkmen's headquar-
ters; kept by owner 10 years and guaranteed
to clear above $125 per month; rent $50.
WILKE. 545 Market st. |
$1250— BARROOM doing a first-class payln< ;
business and elegantly fitted up; close to
Palace Hotel; rent $:0; a rare .-usines* open-
ing, (.all WILKE, 7*3 Market St.. new cum-
bA- 145.- ;
$250— SALOON principal street: central; old es-
tablished; rent $25; receipts la to $9 daily; a
rare chance; don't miss it. M. LESS, 765 \
Market et.
COFFEE saloon and lunch house in vi-
cinity of Claus Spreckels building; old es-
tablished place doing a good business: sick-
ness cause of sale. M. LESS. 765 Market st.
$150— NEAT office business, suitable for lady or
gentleman; no previous experience; will
easily clear $75 per month: positive proof fur-
; nished. M. LESS, 703 Market St., opposite i
Phelan building.
$20<>— SALOON with living rooms, near Market
st.; rent only $21: established many yearn;
a bargain. M. LESS. 765 Market St., opposite
Phelan building.
FIRST-CLASS corner grocery and bar, 4 rooms I
and bath, is offered at Invoice value; bar re- ]
ceipts alone average $350 to $400 monthly; i
mostly gentlemen's trade; you get trial If in
earnest. M. LESS, 765 Market St., opp. Phelan
building.
$3500— CORNER grocery and bar, established 40
years: unexceptional location; vicinity Call j
building; large stock; big bar trade, both
transient and regular; this offer is very best '
In its line to-day; full investigation afforded
and solicited. M. LESS, 763 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant for sale in Oak-
land; owner has had the place S years; looa-
tlon la the best In the city; on principal
street; no opposition; clearing $200 per month; j
tliis is a rare chance, as the proprietor is go- j
Ing to Europe. McLAUGHLIN _ CO., 23 <
Kearny at.
GROCERY and bar, with corner lot, for ex-
change fur small cottage; will pay cash dlf- j
j ference. \.cLAUGHLI.N _ CO., 23 Kearny. j
I $":;— CORNER saloon; billiard and pool; side
I entrance. Mclaughlin, a Kearny St.
$l?f— SALOON; bargain; this day. McLAUGH- I
LIN A CO., 23 Kearny st.
$1500— SALOON north of Market st:. present I
owner go rig- Into extensive business. Me- \
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 2^3 Kearny St.
$275— RESTAURANT: bargain if sold Immedi-
ately. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny st. j
$1000 INVESTMENT will clear $300 monthly;
$2000 cash In sight. KREDO &CO., 22% Geary. I
! — $1000; wood, coal, hay. grain and boarding j
stable; monthly receipts $1500; rare chance. |
KREDO _ CO., 22% Geary st. j
A— s23o; restaurant, opposite cable house; $30 i
dally; 20 steady boarders; other good restau- I
runts from J2OO to $300. KREDO &. C 0., -22% \
Geary st. !
$1000 — Corner grocery and "bar; a rare chance: \
best location in city; receipts $20 dally; full
value in stock. KREDO & CO., 22% Geary.
A— s2oo; branch bakery, notions and school sup-
plies; near school. KREDO & CO., 22% Geary.
| $450 — WOOD, coal, hay and feed store at the
1 Mission; horses, wagons, etc.; no opposition;
1 owns buildings; rent $S per month; best of
reasons for selling. HEALY, Sl7 Market st. I
$400— BUSINESS clearing $125 monthly; owns '
: building and machinery; delivery wagon, etc.;
| owner engaged in other business. HEALY,
; 917 Market st. ..;■•>
MISSION butcher shop for Tent; everything
complete. HEALY & CO.. 917 Market st.
AN extraordinary chance, $1500 for coal busi- ]
ness; 2000 cash customers; buildings; office;
6 wagons; 5 horses; steam engine; circular i
saw; stock on hand, etc; yard 200x130; low
i •■!.-; owner going to Alaska. See S. H.
MATHER & SON, 460 Ninth st., Oakland.
FOR sale In Fruit vale — Branch bakery, a no- '
tion store; nice line of -confectionery, station-
ery, cigars and tobacco; also news depot,
laundry and employment office; next to camp;
good reason for selling; living rooms; low
rent. Box 364, Call office. j
| $230— PARTNER wanted: light business: Indoor !
work; no night or Sunday work; experience
not required; trial given; $20 to $30 a week
each an be made. 9 Geary st., room 2.
$175 — SALOON, cigar store and club rooms; I
stock and elegant fixtures; owner engaged in I
other business; must sell to-day. 53 McAl-
lister st., near City Hall.
COAL and wood yard; Western Addition;
long established; choice lot customers; rent
free; horses, wagons, etc., worth $1000; city
agency. 850 Market st.
WANTED partner In a business that
would pay each $75 per month; this is a good
chance for a good man. Apply OLSON, 635 |
Mission st.
$110— GREAT sacrifice; fruit, vegetable store;
best location; receipts $12 to $20 day; must
sell. BARRETT, 1125 Market, above Seventh.
PARTNER wanted to buy Interest In patent;
said patent Is needed; will pay; offer bona
fide. Address VAN .•- : .. box 873, Call office.
$500 TO $1000 will purchase manufacturing busi-
ness; monopoly; large profits. R., box
747, Call office.
RESTAURANT and chop house opposite
the ferries; bargain if sold immediately. Call
18 East st.
GROCERY and bar; must be sold on account
of sickness. 730 Minna st., near Eighth.
GROCERY and bar; old-established place. Ap-
ply at 252 First St., corner Clementina.
FOR sale— Branch bakery and notion store.
1209 Devlsadero st.
ANTED — To buy a butchershop. F. P., box
764, Call office.
FOR SALE— 2 old established groceries and
bars: price $1250. Box 201. Call office.
$150— PARTNER wanted in delicacy and pork
store; no experience necessary. 308 Sixth st.
LONG established corner saloon; must be sold;
cheap If at once. . Box 1256, Call office.
FINE corner saloon; 4 living rooms; rent
$20; great bargain. 331 Sixth st.
WANTED— Active partner; Oil of Eden Med.
Co., cor. Broadway. & 16th. Oak.
GREAT bargain— A well-stocked grocery store;
3 living rooms; corse and wagon; chicken-
houses; bearing fruit trees and garden; a
short distance from Oakland; 5 years' lease;
cheap rent. Address box 103. Call office.
A— MUST sell; see It; make offer; bakery, sta-
tionery, notions, fixtures for bar business;
established 20 years; present owner there 7
years; 4 rooms; rent $15. Box 88, Call office.
FOR Sale or Exchange— house con-
taining 60 furnished rooms; good location;
owner has other business. Inquire 132 First at.
GOOD restaurant for sale; nice business for
man and wife that are willing to work; cheap
for cash. Address G.. box 7, Call office.
$1000-$5OOO-PARTNER; wine business and vino-
yard; references exchanged. Box 110, Call.
GOOD restaurant for sale or exchange; paying
bustnrss. Address box 101, Call office.
FOR Sale— Avenue saloon. City Hall and Park
aye. ; rare chance for good saloon man.
$250— LOON; day business. 506 Clay st.
FOR Sale— Grocery and bar; doing good busi-
ness. Address box 156. Call office.
FOR Sale— Corner liquor store; good location;
good chance. Apply 132 First st.
GOOD waiter wanted. 10« Second st. \
GOOD night clerk for lodging house. 737 Mis-
sion St.; call between 2 and 8 p. m.
FOR Sale— Call route at San Jose. For par-
ticulars apply at Call business office.
FOR Rent— lmproved place, 6 acres. For Sale —
1 horse, wagon, cow, 300 hens. Address box
32, Cotati, Sonoma County, Cal.
FIRST-CLASS barber shop doing fine business;
reason for selling, sickness. Address box 63,
Call office.
WELL-STOCKED grocery and bar; old-estab-
lished business; run by owner 6 years; rent
cheap. Inquire Call Office.
IN well-established wholesale and : retail wine
and liquor buiilnesn; reliable partner. Box
46. Call office. ■ .
FOR sale or rent; fish and poultry store; good'
location; easy terms. 3089 Sixteenth at.
$400— "CORNER grocery and bar; good location;
rent $20; living rooms. Address box 14. Call.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO. 1 416 Sacramento st.
839 HAVES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
■ Subscriptions and ads taken: ■
PHYSICIANS. ~~
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
, IMS Market^ diseases of_ women, £ specialty.
THE SAX FBAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 28, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
ALL OVEIt~TOWN^
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN 4
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
ATTENTION, DreB?makers-715 Sutter St.. 5 or
8 rooms; extra workroom 23x35 feet; choice,
sunny, reasonable; appreciated If seen
Al 8 ROOM house; large stable; large yard;
Golden <ia;e, nr. Lacuna. L. M., 5647. Call.
ELEGANT 8-room houses; Sixth aye.. bet. Cali-
fornia and Lake Ets. ; prices will surprise
you. MARCUSE & REMMEL. 628 Market St.
ELLIS, 526-House of 11 rooms; near Van Ness
avenue.
HOUSE to let— 34 rooms and bath; newly
painted. 933 Mission st.
HOUSE 4 rooms, attic, stable, reasonable for
right party. Inquire S2OH Jessie st., off 9th.
NICE dwelling, 441 Fifth St.; 7 rooms; large
yard; low rent to responsible tenant.
RARE opportunity; house; rent very low; fur-
nished or unfurnished; furniture for sale at
a bargain. Key at grocery store, cor. Bußh
and Webster sts.
SEE it; sunny house, 9 rooms, bath; laundry;
garden; rent low. «2012 Pine st^
6 ROOMS: bath and laundry; marine view;
rent $22 60. ISOS Broadway.
12 OR 15 ROOM house, centrally located: reno-
vated to suit; rent not over $70. Box 65, Call.
|
FtnXISHED HOUSES TO LET.
FURNISHED cottage, 6 rooms and bath, In
San Rafael, near depot. Apply SO2 Turk, city.
TAYLOR, SlO - Completely furnished sunny
house, 10 rooms and bath. Call between 1:30
and 4 p. m.
COTTAGES TO LET.
GROVE. 720—4 large light rooms; gaa; bath;
sunny yard, garden; sunny side.
$7; SUNNY cottage; 5 room 1 ! ; Roscoe st., off
Crescent aye. Apply 64 Silver St., off Third.
$17— COTTAGE, 6 rooms and bath; near car
line; fine garden. 1187 Noe St.. bet 24th & 25th.
$2fr— COTTAGE, 5 rooms; prettiest In city; new;
2963 Twenty-first St.: key at corner grocery.
FLATS TO LET.
A— WE want 100 tenants at once to rent cot-
tages flats and houses; willing- to make In-
ducements; 3-room flats, $6 to $9; 4 rooms, $10;
6 rooms, $12 up. At A. U. SPECK J. CO.'S,
602 Market st.
ALL OVER TOWN — — —
You see flats to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery at.
A— HOWARD, 1720, NW. cor. Erie, nr. Thir- ]
teenth— 7 rooms; choice; sunny: $25: water j
free; key at 17__ lluwai . it^d if seen.
AN elegant tunny upper modern flat of 5 |
rooniF, bath and basement: rent reasonable.
1357 Vallp.fo st., near Larkln.
AN elegant fiat, 7 rooms, bath; rent $21. 331
Tehama st.
AN elcgum fiat, 7 rooms and bath, $35. 625
Post st. I
APPLY 172.' Howard, near 13th— New, choice, i
sunny, 4 big rooms, bath, $16; water free.
ELEGANT modern-built flat. 6 rooms and bath, j
919 Capp st.
ELGIN PARK. 25— A lovely flat: five large
rooms; hot and cold water; store room.
FELL, 511— Flat of four rooms; bath, gas; hot,
cold water, yard and basement; $15^
FLAT of 7 sunny rooms and bath: all modern
Improvements. Twentieth, bet. Howard and
Capp; flat of 4 rooms and bath, 5412, cor. Capp.
FLAT of 3 front rooms for housekeeping, $10.
21 Page st^
FRANKLIN. 715— Corner upper flat; 6 rooms
and bath; next house to Golden Gate aye.
PULTON, 118-Fine middle sunny flat. 7 rooms,
bath; near i.'lty Hall.
GEARY, 1917—4 nice rooms; bath; toilet; cellar;
yard; furnished hall; gas.
HANDSOME 7 and 8 rooms; middle and lower
flat; modern improvements. 1127-1129 Bush St.
HARRISON. 2041. opp. Eighteenth— 2 sunny
flats, 3 and 4 rooms; rent $9 and $10.
HELEN. 3. near California and Leavenworth—
Fine flat, 6 rooms, bath: only $14; see It to-
day. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
HOWARD, 1166— C0-y flat of 4 rooms; station-
ary wash tul>s and bath; $13.
HYDE, 1708, near Vaiieja— -Clegant sunny mod-
ern flat; 5 rooms and bath; rent reasonable.
JERSEY. 339. near Castro— Modern flats; 5 and
6 rooms, basement; baths; yard; $12 and $13.
LEXINGTON Aye., 44, bet. 17th and 18th.
Mission and Valencia— 6 sunny rooms; all
improvements; $12.
MODERN sunny upper flat, 6 rooms, bath;
yard, basement: $25. 639 Minna St.; key at 627.
SIXTEENTH, 2902, cor. Howard— Two large
sunny rooms; furnished for housekeeping;
stove; $10.
STEINER. 207. near Haight— Flat of 6 rooms
and bath; rent reduced.
SUNNY flat of 4 rooms and yard; rent $11.
4A Shotwell bL,, between. Fourteenth and Fif-
teenth.
SUNNY flat, 6 rooms: modern improvements;
rent cheap. 631 Thirteenth St., corner Market.
SUNNY upper and lower flats, 5 and 6 rooms;
modern Improvements. 1826-1830 Ellis st.
SUNNY top flat, 4 rooms. 125 Ivy aye., near
Mechanics' Pavilion.
TO LET— A flat: 4 rooms and bath; No. 904
Minna Ft. Appply 116 Tenth st.
TURK, IST! Handsome numy fiat of 6 rooms;
bath: reduced $is\
VALENCIA, 469 and 4SI. cor. Sixteenth— 6 rooms
and bath; rent $16 and $22; choice; Investigate.
4 SUNNY rooms and batTl; rent $11; large yard.
1016 Minna st., near Eleventh.
6 ROOMS and bath; all modern Improvements.
72. Vi Turk st.
$15 PER month: flat 5 rooms. 724 Harrison st.,
between Third and Fourth.
$17—6 SUNNY rooms and bath. 28V4 Washing-
ton aye., off Mission Rt., near Ninth.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BEAUTIFUL large parlors; two folding- beds;
kitchen; private; no children; near Van
Ness; one month or more. Address O. S.,
box 763, Call office.
ELLIS. 532—4 sunny unfurnished rooms. Call
1 to 4.
FIFTH, 34R— Suite of rooms furnished for
housekeeping; rent cheap.
FIRST. 2S— 3 front sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; Jl2 per month.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 404— Large housekeeping
room, complete; gas range; fold'gbed; bath; $12.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 730— Large unfurnished
room, sunny and pleasant; also small room;
cheap.
HOWARD, 112SV4— Sunny front suite for house-
keeping; water; stoves; bath; rent $10 and
$12.
JESSIE, 373, near Emporium— 2 housekeeping
rooms, $8; 1 single, $5.
MARKET, 1032. opp. Fifth— One, two or three
rooms, connected; terms very reasonable.
MCALLISTER. 1046— Modern sunny furnished
floor, 4 rooms; exclusive bath; private; *_0.
MISSION, 562— Large sunny room; complete for
Jiousekeeplng; folding bed; $1 60 week.
MISSION, 947—2 furnished housekeeping rooms.
MISSION. 1524—2 large sunny rooms for house-
keeping: also single rooms.
NEW MONTGOMERY, 105— Furnished house-
keeping suites, $1 50 per week; single, 75c.
NINETEENTH, 4O. r >9, near Castro— Single lady
wants a email family to taks part of un-
furnished flat.
POLK, 607— Nice large bay-window front room,
kitchen; complete for housekeeping; $10 mo.
POLK, 1643, cor. Clay— 2 or 3 learge newly-
furnished sunny front rooms; housekeeping.
POST, 505—2 furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing; gas, bath, yard; others.
SACRAMENTO, 1365— Three rooms; separata
entrance; rent $7; large yard.
SCOTT, 113—2 large sunny connecting rooms,
partly furnished; alcove, gas, bath.
SIXTH. 221— Furnished rooms for light house-
keeping; also others^
SOUTH PARK, 184—2 sunny rooms, complete
a for housekeeping; $10 60 per month.
STOCKTON, 1307— T0 rent— Nicely furnished
rooms for housekeeping.
THIRD, 309 — 2 front rooms furnished for house-
keeping, $2 week; other rooms; reasonable.
THIRTEENTH, 189, corner of Howard— Fine
furnished suite of rooms complete for house-
k eepl ng: reasonable.
TURK, 1J6 — 2 unfurnished sunny rooms; closet
and water; for housekeeping; no children.
TURK, 643— Nicely furnished sunny rooms com-
plete' for housekeeping; gas; bath; $15.
WASHINGTON, 10254—8 unfurnished front
rooms for housekeeping.
STORAGES.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.;
office. Tenth and Market; telephone South 166.
FURNITURE, trunks, eto. Golden Weat Stor-
a*u v_r_l_ui_ HO __mlqq §UL ts_ m JJ— _ j
ROOMS TO LET.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable; !
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton St. ; trunks 1
moved to any part of city, 25c; tel. Main 49. |
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant j
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class !
In every respect; terms reasonable. |
AT 609 Hyde, Sutter 715-717-719, *.„>_ and Mason |
407 Choice, sunny; reasonable; investigate.
AT 242 Stockton— Sunny rooms; pretty view;
quiet house; baths; gas; very reasonable.
AT The Randolph, 601 Post— rooms, bay-
window parlors and suites. $1 60 to $4 week.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post, 2 blocks from principal
hotels; newly furnished; all conveniences.
BUSH. Elegantly furnished rooms: with
bath; en suite or single; gentlemen only.
DELAWARE. 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.; $8, $10 mo.
ELLIS, 418 (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny !
rooms and suites for gents, $1 50 to $8 week. '■
FOLSOM, 820. near Fourth— sl a week and up; !
sunny furnished rooms. |
FIFTH, 107 — Pleasant sunny unfurnished j
rooms to let. |
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant fur.iißhed
rooms; suites or single. MRS. H. HYER. j|
1 GEARY, 556 — Handsome sunny parlor suite:
j other suites; double, single rooms; light
housekeeping. I
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— Per night, 25c to |
$1; week, $1 to $4; reading room; Howard cars.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 262— Nicely furnished j
room, suitable for 2 gents. j
GOLDEN GATE AYE., 727— Handsomely fur- i
nished front room; running water; fire grate;
private family; reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN. S. E. cor. Seventh and
Mission — Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HAIGHT, S22— Front sunny hall room for gen-
. tlemen.
HARRISON, 754%, near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms: bath; all conveniences;
quiet home; $1 a week.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family j
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HOWARD, 762— One or 2 large unfurnished j
rooms; also sunny furnished: cheap.
HOWARD, 935% (New Philadelphia)— All new; i
sunny rooms; gas; baths free; lowest rates.
HOWARD, ISO 6, corner Fourteenth— 3 sunny
front rooms; rent $8.
JONES, Nicely furnished suites and single
rooms reasonable; gas, water, bath ; central. '
LARKIN, 1200, opp. Lurline Baths; sunny
rooms $4 up; also housekeeping rooms.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary, door above Van Ness-
Suites, single rooms; newly furnished.
MASON, 413. opn. Native Sons' Hall— Nice fur-
nished sunny rooms; very reasonable.
MCALLISTER, 511— Nice front suite; also front
single room; bath; gas; private family.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week.
MISSION, Furnished rooms for 1 or 2;
housekeeping if desired; bath; laundry; $5.
OAK, 119 — 1 neatly furnished front room;
sunny; $5.
O'FARRELL. — New management, new fur-
niture; elegantly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms; bath and gas; rent reasonable.
POST. 622— Sunny suite or single rooms; first
class In every respect. MRS. M. SCHULZ."
POWELL, 207— Changed hands; furnished sunny j
! rooms, single or en suite; cheap; $1 25 upward.
POWELL, 317—2 handsomely furnished single
rooms; top floor; reasonable.
SECOND, 52— Nice single, double and light
housekpg rms; week, $1 to $2 50; day, 25 to 6oc.
SEVENTH, 192, near Howard (Glrard House)— j
Sunny rooms; reasonable; also housekeeping. j
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St., j
near — Furnished and unfurnished.
SILVER STATE House, 16-18 Mason Fur-
nished rooms; single. $1 50 to $3 a week;
suites, $4 to $5; baths; elevator: electric
' lights; hot and cold water: transients solic-
ited; restaurant MRS. J. GALE, Proprietor.
SIXTH, Under new management; single
room and en suite; also light housekeeping.
STEVENSON, 620— Cheap sunny furnished front
rooms; single or double. .
1 THE New Grand House. 246 Third St.— fur-
nished rooms from $1 to $4 per week or from
;3 to $15 month; reading-rooms. A. T.
VAYSSI, Proprietor.
TURK, 126— Nice small pleasant room suitable
for gentleman, $5 per month.
TURK, 405— Front sunny furnished rooms, $6
up; bath.
TWENTY-SIXTH, 33S7— Newly furnished room;
also one unfurnished.
WESTERN Addition— 2 sunny unfurnished
front rooms and bath; desirable location;
suitable for 2; no children. Box 4490, Call.
3, 4 OR 5 splendid established dressmaking par- j
lors: half rent; other business. 103 Larkln St., !
corner Grove; inquire • Murphy, manager.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 60. postage
free.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
BUSH, 822— First-class room and board; sunny;
gas; bath; running water; telephone; down
. town.
BUSH, 822— Handsomely furnished room with
first-class board; running water; bath; gas;
everything very latest; seen to be appre-
ciated.
ELLIS, 51S— 2 sunny alcove rooms, with board.
FOLSOM, 611— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
HYDE. 299, Salisbury— Changed hands; thor-
oughly renovated; pleasant sunny rooms with
first-class board: beautiful grounds; quiet,
homelike; reasonable.
SOUTH PARK, Good table board, $3 per I
week; with nice sunny front room, $4 week. !
THE ORIEL— New elegantly furnished, sunny
Market-st. suites, with board for 2, $40 per
month; single rooms accordingly.
VAN NESS, 808— Sunny newly furnished rooms;
electric lights: bath: with board: moderate.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
WIDOW would like 2 children to board; good
home and care. 51 Clara st.
WIDOW would board 1 or 2 small children
or Infant. 3279 Seventeenth St., near Mission.
JESSIE. 339— G00d home for infant or 1 or 1 i
children; own cow; mother's care: references.
STORES TO LET.
HOWARD. 1802. corner Fourteenth— Store, 2
living rooms, suitable for barber; rent cheap.
PART of hair dressing store; millinery pre-
ferred; reasonable. 1704 Market st., opp. 10th.
OFFICES TO LET.
ATTENTION doctors, dentists, dressmakers,
715 Sutter at., very choice work room or lab-
ratory; 23x37 feet.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash. Bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$6 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
6teinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Ets., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, - organs
' and all other musical Instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
AS vacation Is here, freight being low, 5 car-
loads pianos coming, we must make room; no
reasonable offer refused. BENJ. CURTAZ Si
SON, 16 to 20 O'Farrell St., Chickering agents.
FINE two manual pedal organ; fifteen stops;
, water power; suitable for church. Stalham's
Piano Store, 106 McAllister Bt., S. F. <
CLARK WISE & CO., 41 Geary st., cor. Grant f
aye., offer three ways to buy a piano; no
trouble to explain particulars. Conover agts.
SOHMER & CO., Byron Mauzy, Newby, Evans.
Brlggs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. 308, 310, 312 Post st.
AN elegant upright, little used, will be sold for
cash at once; best offer takes It. J. DEWING
CO., second floor. Flood building. ,
FINE upright for $160; come early if you want
to secure a bargain. THE ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO., 769 Market st
AN upright piano,' nearly new; brilliant, pow-
erful tone; cheap. 216 McAllister st.
$76— ELEGANT Harelton piano; cost $500; on $5
installments. 221 Leavenworth st.
SPECIAL sale of pianos; wholesale prices to
all. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
"AD" smallest; price lowest; uprights, $75 up;
rents, $2 up. HEINE, 136 Ellis st. :
A GOOD upright very cheap. 16 McAllister
St., n«xt Hibernia Bank. SCHMITZ.
KNABE pianos; : new scale; : new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE.. 30 O'Farrell st. ; .
SUPERIOR j violins, zithers, old and new. :H.
.. MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
':. _._./■• _' _j_• _ j CHIROPODISTS. ■.■■.■■■ ";„•"""
MRS. DR. ALLEN, " expert chiropodist; eleotrio
,-, treatment for corpq aoilh.UP.tPM. ___&uus_____
PERSONALS.
GREVEN'S latest war song, "Remember, Boys,
the Maine," is a big hit all over the coun-
try: for sale at the music stores, at Odd Fel-
lows' Hall and office rooms, 121 and 122 Mur-
phy building, 1236 Market St.
ADOPTION— Wanted, a brunette boy or girl
baby; good home. MRS. DR. FUNCKE, 1416
Eighth St., Alameda.
BUSINESS PERSONALS.
1 TAKE pride In doing only the most artis-
tic hair dressing; price 25c only; good
switches $1: best, finest quality, $3 50; extra
heavy, long, i $5; open Sundays from 9 to 12.
G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
VUINONIA hair tonic builds and strengthens
the hair. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. near Market; 200 rooms.
25c to $1 £0 per night; $160 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MRS. JOHNSON 8 new method of electric mas-
sags, salt baths and herb cure. 573 Geary st.
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FU.N'KE, 1416 Bth St.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy ' installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
DRESSMAKERS.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French E Tailoring
College. i'li*. Market st.
EDI CATION AL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1592; catalogue.
NEW assortment of catchy comedy pieces and
latest war recitations for parlor, platform or
stage use, taught by Mrs. Kincald at her
school of elocution and expression, Alcazar
building, 120 O'Farrell st.
AYRES" Business College. 723 Market St.;
individual instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy," etc.; life scholar-
ship, ?su; low rates per week and month.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course in Tarr's counting-room makes you
thorough. Room 572, 855 Market st.
UNIVERSITY coach— Perry. Ph. 8.. Fel-
low In Mathematics, U. C, 2407 S. Atherton,
nrl Charming way, Berkeley; write for circular.
ENGINEERING School; civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit.; day & eve.;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
SHORTHAND taught In 1 month; references;
private lessons; terms $10. 712 Van Ness aye.
CHEAPEST and beet in America— Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for SI 50, postage
free.
' MEDICAL.
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DA VIES, 59 McAllister
Bt. ; pills, $1; very strong, $2; cure, $5.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly irregularities (from whatever cause)
In a few hours; safe and sure at all times
when others have failed; no instruments used;
travelers helped at once; home In confine-
ment: every case guaranteed; consultation
free and confidential: self curs, $5; pills $1.
MRS. DR. WYETH. 208 Turk 6t.. near Jones.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects; taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price, $1 50 per box, sent free by
mail on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 33
Grant aye., S. F. A Caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
NEW process for female trouble; no matter
from what cause; no medicine or instru-
ments used; restores in one day without fail;
every woman her own physician; away dis-
grace; consultation free; can be sent and used
at home; pills and capsules, $1; cure, $5; by
the well known DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from what-
ever cause; no instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office, $5; travelers helped Instantly;
home in confinement; consult free; hours 10 to
6, 7 to 8. DR. and MRS. KOHL, 1122 Market.
LADIES, Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best; Fafe, reliable; take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars,
"Relief for Ladles"; letter by return mall; at
druggists. Chichester Chemical Co.. Phlla,
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye., private home in confinement, with every
comfort r best care and attendance; terms
moderate; infants adopted into good homes.
A BOON to wives and mothers — Seguro; price,
$150; RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay St.; send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing. Co., 531 X St., Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; $2 60;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
PROF. THOMPSON'S new cancer cure; quick
and sure. S65Vi Market Ft.
DR. HALL. 9 McAllister St.; diseases of
women children.
MRS. ARCHARD, midwife: home in confine-
ment: confinement alone, $5. 156 Second st.
— — — — — — — — »— — — —
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 21 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St., nr. 11th;
no charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth, $5 up; fillings, 25c up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
ings. 997 Market St., cor. Sixth.
NEW YORK methods at New York prices by
New York dentists. Sixth and Mission sts.
L. A. TEAGUE, A. CANE and F. TEAGUE,
removed to Call bldg., 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market st.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk St.
" FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
17 SHARES of Sutro car Stock; will sell for
half original cost or will trade for anything
useful. . Inquire 3150 24th St., cor. Shotwell.
$16— Leaving city; light-running, high-arm,
automatic sewing machine; perfect condition.
2011 Powell st. '
EXCHANGE— Thoroughbred mare for type-
writer or tandem. Ohio Dental Parlors, 719
Market St.
FOR Cheap; 100.000 brick, 40,000 feet of
lumber. Apply, at building cor. Powell and
Bush Bts.
A NO. 1 fresh Durham cow; rich ml Ik; 20 quarts
day; gentle. 1312 Folsom str.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, show cases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission st., above Sixth.
■
GAS fixtures very low; large assortment; 1
and 2 bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
GRAPHOPHONES, $10; Records, $5 per doz.;
Projectoscope, $100. Bacigalupl, 933-946 Mrkt.
2 BARBER chairs for sale; only $15. 41 Third
st., pawn office.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl
goods; new, 2d-hand. Smith Co., 527 Mission.
BOILER, engines, tools, metals, electrical
goods. WHITE'S, 514-616-518 Mission st. 
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. So. 787.
BOILERS, engines, Id-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, Fremont & Howard.
1 SAFES— New and second-hand; cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc, 533 Sacramento.
SAFES— In new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
BARS, show cases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
T ~~ SAVING MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer and White
; cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing, lowest rates. 205 Fourth st. ■
~ " ~~ LEGAL NOTICES.
THE Pacific Heberew , Orphan ' Asylum and
Home Soci"tv hereby give notice that they
have admitted into the orphanage from Janu-
ary 1, 3598. to June 30, ■ 1898. the following
named orphans and half orphans, I boys and
girls, viz. : • Ada Hoffman, • aged ■10 years 7
months; Hyman Hoffman, aged 5 years 7
months; Solomon Meyers. , aged 4 : years ; 2
months; Phyllis SchariT, aged 8 years .10
months ; Claudlo Scharff, aged 7'■ years : 3
: months; Rebecca - Kuhn. aged > 10 .■■■ years 11
months; Stella Kuhn, aged 9 years 10 months;
Samuel Kuhn, ■ aged 6 ■ years; : Meyer
Kuhn, aged 8 years- 9 months; . May : Lewis,
aged 9 years 4 months; Hattie Baer, ( aged 14
years 8 months; Bertha 1 Baer, aged 10 years;
Moses Baer, aged 10 years; Max Baer, aged 8
years 9 months: Edward Levy, aged 4. veirs
I : •: months ; -' Joseph Calm," '■? aged -11 years . 6
, months, and Leo Caha. axed 6 years,
CITY REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE— 2lst St., nr. Bryant; new 7-room
cottage. Apply on premises fir to J. FLA-
HERTY, builder, 1207 Market st.
VALUABLE piece improved city property;
great prospective value: trade for lots.
_ HOOKER & LENT, 14 Post st.
BARGAIN— choice central flats; part cash.
Call 1 to 4, 615 Hyde st.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
FOR Sale— lo acres, well improved, with new
buildings, large orchard; 1 mile from station;
3 miles to Stanford University. For par-
ticulars apply P. O. box 139, Redwood City.
No agent.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
GREAT sacrifice; 20 acres good Sonoma County
land. Improved; 4-room house, barn, chicken-
houses; -2 horses; full line farming Imple-
ments; 6 acres vines; balance corn and
beans; good road; near station; will ex-
change for city property; or $SOO cash, balance
easy terms. Address J. JENSEN. 153 Third.
MONEY to LOAN.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
| Store, J»4S Market St.; tel. Green 204.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda. at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions; no delays; J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6V4 per cent on real estate; 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate, furniture without removal. R. Me-
COLGAN, 24 Montgomery st., room 3.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 120 Powell st.
ON pianos, furniture; no removal: lowest rates;
no commission; private. 116 McAllister st.
JIMI.OGO TO loan on income city property; $10,-
000 on furniture. G. W. OWEN. 1405 Call bldg.
ANY sum, Ist or 2d mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, etc. Room 7, 008 California st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg. ;
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country; any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
Kages. estates, etc. MURPHY. 628 Market st.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED, $100— By responsible business man;
I 2Vi per cent interest; good security. No
agents. R. S.. box 743, Call Office.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
LOTS— S7S upward; $5 cash, $5 monthly.
$450 — New cottage of 4 rooms and lot; your
own terms.
$125 for barn, well and lot; $10 cash, $5
monthly; build your own home, or we will
build it for you; payment as rent; all streets
graded, some macadamized; 3 electric car lines
and fine school near; soil, climate and view the
very best; Allendale settlement. East Oakland;
building up rapidly; call or send for circular,
455 Seventh St., cor. Broadway, Oakland; car-
riage free. H. Z. JONES. Owner.
ONLY Cottage of 4 rooms; lot 25x115; 2
blocks from Market-st. Station. W. P. RYAN,
960 Seventh St., Oakland.
J. CALLAGHAN, real estate dealer, notary
public: property looked after. 814 Broadway.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
IN OAKLAND— For rent, furnished cottage
fiat 6 rooms; large grounds; rent from $20 to
$25, according to family. Address Tenant,
box 1. Call office. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
RESIDENCE; 9 rooms; bath; barn; large lawn;
tennis court; conservatory; rent cheap; cen-
tral: 689 24th st., nr. Grove. Apply owner, R.
FRANK. Oakland Pickle Fact.. 1622 Grove.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
FINE sunny suite: also sunny tingle room; va-
cant June 1. THE LORNE. sf. Eighth st.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE r I household goods this week.
SCHKT.I.HAAP' old store. 408 Eleventh Bt.
OAKLAND MERCHANT TAILORS.
SUITS made to order on Installments; $1 week.
Boston Woolen Mills, 920 Broadway, Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
alameda real estate.
specialTnotice!
first come. first served.
just like paying rent.
$1200, $1700, $1500, $2200. $2600. $3000.
The above are lovely cottages which- have
been thrown on the market for non-payment
of installments, and they are now offered at
a great sacrifice to close accounts. They con-
tain 4, 5,. and 7 rooms, and are finished up to
date: almost new, and are located near schools
and stations.
We are going to w<»ed them out, and Invite
Inspection. MARCUSE ft RF.MMEL.
Bay-st. station, Alameda. and 636 Market st.,
San Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free.
FOR SALE immediately— Cheap house and lot
35x115; 5 rooms, bath; all new Improvements.
1825 Pacific avenue, Alameda.
WILL build modern 5-room house on a nice
lot, good location; only $1600; terms. Apply
to owner, J. H. YOUNG, 1243 Park, Alameda.
9-ROOM house and stable; V 2V 2 block Willow
Station: easy terms. Address box 140, Call.
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
ALAMEDA — To let or exchange, a fine home
of 9 rooms, attic, basement; gas and elec-
tric lights throughout; all modern conve-
niences; rent $50 p. r month. 1439 Morton St.,
near Morton-st. station, narrow guage.
FINE 6-room cottage, $16: 5-room cottage, with
water. $15. J. H. YOUNG, 1243 Park st.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$2200— 8-ROOM house, 1 block from station; lot
60x137; constantly rented, $22; great bargain.
FREESE & CODINGTON. 2119 Stanford
place, opposite Berkeley Station.
TYPEWRITERS.
FOR SALE— No. 2 Remington typewriter, good
order, $30. 632 Market st., room 23.
ALL typewriters sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgmry.
YOST, good order. $25; send for sample work.
SCOTT & BANNAN. 333 Montgomery gt.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for the erection of an Engine
House on the southeast corner of Holly Park
and West avenues.
Office of the Clerk of the Board of Super-
visors of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco. June 28, 1898.
In accordance with . resolution No. 1313
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors,
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received in
open session of the Board of Supervisors, on
TUESDAY AFTERNOON, July 5. 1898.
from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for the erection of a
two (2) story frame building, with brick base-
ment, on the southeast corner of Holly Park
and West' avenues, , for X the use of the Fire
Department, in accordance with the plans and
specifications and the conditions set forth in
the said specifications, prepared by Charles
R. Wilson, architect, to be seen- at his office.
No. 315 Phelan building, all the work to be
performed to the satisfaction of the Chief En-
gineer and the Board of Fire Commissioners.
The building to be completed within eighty
(80) . working days from the date of signing
the contract.
Any delay In the completion of the, building
will be charged to the contractor at the rate
of twenty ($2O 00) dollars per day, and the
total amount will be deducted from the con-
tract sum. , - -
Payments will be made on the first day ■ of
each month at the rate of seventy-five (75)
per cent of the value of the work done, and
the balance thirty-five (35) days after the
j completion and acceptance of the building.
The work of construction to be done in
strict accordance with the plans and specifi-
cations, under the supervision and direction
of Charles R. Wilson, architect, and the Dis-
trict Engineers of the Fire Department.
Eight hours to constitute a day's work for
all workmen employed upon the work, and the
minimum rate of wages to be paid on said
1 work to be two ($2) dollars per day. ,
The party to whom the contract may be
awarded will be renuired, prior to or. at the
time of the execution of said contract, to pay
the cost of advertising this notice in three
dally newspapers. .
In order to preserve uniformity and to fa-
cilitate the award the board has resolved to
receive no bid unless made upon blank forms
prepared by the committee, and a certified
check for the . sum of five hundred ($500)
dollars deposited by the bidder with and
made payable to the Clerk ;of the Board .of
Supervisors, conditioned if the proposal be
accepted ' and '■, the contract awarded; and If
the bidder shall fail or neglect to pay the
. printing charges, execute the contract ? and
give the . required bond within six days after
the award Is made, : then and In .that case
the said sum shall be paid Into the City and
County, Treasury -by. paid Clerk as liquidated
damages for such failure and neglect.
/': Blanks '• furnished by the ; Clerk. ; ;
The Board reserves the right to reject all
bids If the public good so require. "- .
, ;'v": ; JNO. A, RyB§K.LL> ._Cseri^
LOST.
LOST— pass-book with the Hibernia Say-
ings and Loan Society of San ■ Francisco, In
the name of ELLEN HAVES. No. 193,434.
: The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— the party who picked up black
feather boa Sunday night on Powell st. please
return same to owner, as they are known,
and save further trouble? 612 A Powell st.
LOST— containing baby's picture; llb-
eral reward. 307 First st.
HORSES.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth St.: auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN ft DOYLE. Auctioneers.
2 HORSES for sale cheap: good for camping.
Apply corner Twenty-ninth st. and San Jose
avenue. .
10 CAMPING horses cheap; wagons and har-
ness auction every Tuesday. 721 Howard st.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
MUST sell immediately to pay charges, fine
landau; Al condition. LARKINS. 634 Howard.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or Installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy; also 1 hack. 82S Harrison st.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkin. opp. City Hall.
1 "~
—
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follow*:
Edward P. Frost and Margaret McConnell. 26-25
George E. Gelm and Margaret H. Cook — 27-20
C. L. Bchrader and Sarah A. Butterfield... 66-55
George F. Ingham and Ida B. Pollard 47-29
James G. Wilson and Nellie V. Brown 39-34
John B. Tufts and Florence H. Ingalsbe... 29-23
Patrick F. Donohoe and Mary E. McKeon.. 27-23
Henry C. Witmer and Alice F. Petterson. .4l-28
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must b»
handed In at either of the publication offices
and be Indorsed with the name and residence of
persons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
CLAUSEN— June 18. 1898, to the wife of F.
Clausen, a daughter. ■. .
MENSOR— In this city, June 25, IS3B, to .the
wife of Albert Mensor, a son.
MARRIED.
POST — HUNTINGTON —In Berkeley, Cal..
June 18, 189 S. by the Rev. H. C. Minton,
Chester C. Post and Nettle A. Huntington.
i '- '
DIED.
Burr, Annie Haley, Josephine
Cain, Bridget Hawkes, John H. -
Chenoweth, John Hunt, Charles S.
Connors, William Kennedy, James A. .
Corcoran, Michael Kuester, Louis D.
Daly, Mary E. Lampe, Peter N.
Dyer, Asbury F. Neil. Frank W. 1 '
Erlckson, Fred Read, George
Fishel, Phillip • Timmerman, Josle EL.
Grady, Thomas Williams, Isaac J.
.UURR— In this city, June 26. 189S, Annie, be-
loved mother of Charles H. Burr, a native of
County Leltrim, Ireland, aged 62 years.
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her son, 56 Lundy lane- oetween Twenty-
eighth and Twenty-ninth streets, Bernal
Heights, thence to St. Paul's Church, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
' Please omit flowers'. • ■
CAIN— this city, June 26, 189S, Bridget, be-
loved wife of James Cain, a native of the
parish of Ballymana, County Galway, Ire-
land, aged 65 years.
(C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 222 Shipley street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a solemn rrquiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing: at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
CHENOWETH— In this city, June 24. 1898,
John Chenoweth. a native of the State of
Virginia, aged 68 years 2 months and 8
days.
CONNORS— In this city, June 26. 1898. Wil-
liam, brother of Thomas and Mollie Connor*
of San Diego, Cal., a native of Canada, aged
55 years.
CC?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
_ thence to St. Patrick's: Church for services
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CORCORAN— this city, June 26. 1898, Mich-
ael Corcoran, beloved brother of the late Mrs.
Ellen McKlnny, brother-in-law of the late
William Mc,Klnny, and uncle of William F.
McKinny, a native of Roscommon. . Ireland,
aged 71 years. (Providence, R. 1., papers
please copy.)
. tCTNotice of funeral hereafter.
DALY— In this city, June 27, 189S, Mary E.
Daly, beloved daughter of Mrs. M. J. Mc-
Donald and the late Martin Daly, and sister
of John, James and William Daly and Mrs.
William L. Dolan, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 21 years and 6 months.
(ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 904 Illinois street, thence to St.
Teresa's Church, Tennessee and Butte streets,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
DYER— this city. Jun e 27. IMS, Asbury
Francis, beloved - husband of Mary J. Dyer,
and father of Mrs.' George L. Withers, a na-
tive of Castine, Me., aged SO years.
Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of Carew & English, 41 Van
Ness avenue.
ERICKSON— In this city. June 27, 1898. Fred,
beloved husband of Amy Erlckson, a native
of Sweden, aged 29 years.
FISHEL— In Berkeley, Phillip, son of Simon
R. Fishel. aged 24 years and 10 months.
CTFriends and acquaintances are Invited to
attend the funeral this day (Tuesday), at 2
o'clock, from 2033 University avenue. Please
omit flowers.
GRADY— this city, June 26. 1898, Thomas,
beloved father of Lizzie, Maggie and Mamie
Grady. and brother of Patrick Grady. Mrs.
J. Hines and S. SUva, a native of County
Galway, Ireland, aged 43 years.
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:20 o'clock, from his late
residence, 531 Dolores street, thence to Mis-
sion Dolores Church for services. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. . • •
HALEY— In the City and County Hospital,
June 26, 1898, Josephine Haley, a native of
California, aged 20 years.
HAWKES— In this city. June 27. . 1898. John
Henry Hawks, a native of Ireland, aged 74
years.
. Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonio
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of Golden Gate Lodge No.
30, F. and A. M. Interment Masonic Ceme-
tery.
HUNT— In' Napa, June 26. 1898, Charles S.
Hunt, a native of Baltimore, Aid., aged 48
years. (Baltimore papers please copy.) >
KENNEDY— In Bodie. Cal., June 27, :. 1898.
James A., beloved son of E. F. and the late
Jane Kennedy, and brother of Mrs. John W.
Kelly, a native of Brooklyn, NY. *
KUESTER— this city, June 25, 1898, ' Louis
D., beloved father of Andrew Kuester and
Mrs. L. -Greenlnger, a native of Germany,
aged 67 years.
(T^Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Tuesday), at 2
o'clock, from the funeral parlors of Porter &
White, 122 Eddy street. - Members of Valley
Lodge No. 30, A. O. U. W., are invited to at-
tend. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery-
LAMPE— In this city. June 25. 1898, Peter N.
E., dearly beloved huband of Emma Lampe,
father of Hattie and Willie Lampe, and
brother of Emil Lampe a native of Holstein,
Germany, aged 43 years 8 months and V. day.
Grand secretary of the Order of Hermann's
Sons of California, and member of San Fran-
Cisco Lodge No. 1. O. d. H. S., and Germania
Lodge No. 1718, K. of H.
. (CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
' (Tuesday), at I o'clock, from his : late • resi-
dence, 2018 Folsom street, between Sixteenth
and Seventeenth, thence to Druids' Hall, 413
, Sutter street, where funeral services will be
held under the auspices of the Grand Lodge
of Hermann's Sons, commencing at 2 o'clock.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
NEIL— In this city, June 26, 1898, Frank W.
. Neil, a native of San Francisco, aged 34
years and 5 months.
READ— In this city, June 26', 1898. George, be-
loved and eldest son . of , George and Alice
Read, and brother of Rosa, John and Alfred
Read, a native :of ' San Francisco, axed 22
years and 20 days.
(TTFrlendß and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 1531 Howard street, between
Eleventh and Twelfth. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
TIMMERMAN— In this city, June 26. IS9B, Josie
E. Timmerman. dearly, beloved mother of
Mrs. Alien E. Riley. a native of Maine, aged
46 years 2 months and 17 days.
WILLIAMS— In this city, June 26, 1898. Isaac
J. .Williams, a native of Liverpool, England,
aged 58 years 9 months and 3 days.
ICT The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), In Vallejo. Cal.. at 1:30 o'clock.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERi
iv 11ITH ST., Opp. Lincoln Bsh«L
Telephone, South 80. :
JAB. ENGLISH. .T. R. CAREW.
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND , EMBALMERS.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS^
41 Van Mm* *ye., near M*rk«t at.. S*a
Franci&eo. TelrpUona 80. ISC
1314
PHELAN TO
SKIP THE
SHORT TERM
And Then Run for the
Czar's Office.
SEEK OBLIVION IN TRAVEL
HOPES TO BE WELCOMED AS
A SAVIOR.
Will Escape the Third T«rm Cry and
Try to Be the First Mayor
Under the New
Charter.
Mayor Phelan has an Idea, so large
an Idea that it has drifted away from
its source and is being discussed where
politicians gather. He is said to have
reached the conclusion not to be a can
didate for Mayor the next term. It is
to be a short term, and while he does
not plan to lay aside forever the Joys
of municipal office, he likes better the
term of greater length which Is to fol
low. Moreover, the short term will not
carry with it the honor of czardom. It
is to be but the connecting link between
local government under the consolida
tion act and the same government un
der the charter.
The Mayor's idea has crystallized Into
an actual scheme. He intends to go
abroad on a sort of triumphal tour. He
will thus get clear of the possibility of
entanglements. Such mistakes as may
be made in his absence will be no con
cern of his. While he fraternizes with
the crowned heads of Europe, San
Francisco will have to take caxe of lt
eelf. Of course it will make a failure
of this, and Phelan will come home
just in time to be welcomed as a savior,
bow to the acclaim of the multitude
and accept the nomination which he
figures will be thrust upon him.
There is still lively recollection of the
coming of U. a. Grant through the
Golden Gate aftor having visited all ■
nations and peoples and having been !
treated most royally. Here bonfires i
were blazing, bells ringing and Grant
was hailed as might have been a king.
This is the way in which Phelan wants
to arrive-. He thinks there would be
Bomethlng in it.
The analogy between the warrior-
President and the Mayor does not stop
Oae Bought a third term, and
failed to get it. The oth^r hesitates to
Beck a third term tor fear he won't get
it, either. Yet Phelan has reached a
determination to be the lirst Mayor
under the charter. It will be a pium, j
a pudding, and the combination ap
peals, li'- does not propose, so runs
the story, to ri.sk this political pastry
rving the bobtailed term which
is to succeed the present one. He is
Bald also to bo fearful that the Demo- j
crate are t<> be- defeated this time, and j
d^-s not rare to be bearing the stand
ard at the time it goes down. This ex
perience would be as fatal to his later
ambitions as the cry of "third term."
Altogether, the friends of Phelan are
Inclined to believe that he has been
thinking hard and reached conclusions
bulging with wisdom. They will pre
pare the reception for the contemplated
triumphal entry and trust to the grati
tude of the iirst czar Mayor for their
pay.
MISS BATES WEDS.
Espouses William S. McLellan at Los
Angeles.
Private dispatches announced the wed
ding yesterday <>£ Miss Mary D. Bates'
:i:i i William S. McLellan at Los Angeles.
Miss I'.aus is very well known through
out the city, having won laurels as a
decorative ;irtisi<- at many notable events
during the last ten years. Mr. Mcl,ellan ia
a prominent horticulturist of Kan Mateo.
The wedding was celebrated yesterday
morning at 10 o'clock at St. Paul's Epis
copal Church, Los Angeles. It was a
quiet affair, characterized by its elegance
and Impresaivenesft,
After a wedding trip the happy couple
will reside at San Mateo. Mrs. McLellan
lias boen visiting her brother, Maurice
S. F.ates, of Los Angeles.
Clubbed Into Submission.
Ed Murphy, a pile driver for tho Har
bor Commissioners, was convicted by
Judge Mogaa yesterday on charges of dis
turbing the peace and malicious mischief
and sentenced to pay a fine of $5 on each
charge. Sunday afternoon Murphy went
Into J. C. Johnson's saloon on Third and
Howard streets and started a row. He
smashed a window with his hand and
when Policeman Phelan attempted to ar
rest him he showed fight and had to be
clubbed into submission.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ECZEMA JIVE years
Intense and Everlasting Suffering
Almost Frantic with Itching
Four Doctors No Avail
COMPLETE CURE BY CUTICURA REMEDIES
I have been an intense sufferer of that awful,
dreaded and everlasting disease. Eczema, for five
years. I tried every one's advice in medicines,
besides four doctors, one a specialist in skin dis-
eases, with no improvement at all, and from time
to time setting me almost frantic with dreadful
itching. At last I gave myself up to Cuticdra
Remedies, expecting them to result as all pre-
vious ones. To my great and agreeable surprise
I found a wonderful change in three xeeeki, and
after using three bottles of Cuticura Resol-
vent and one box of Cuticura Salts, I found
myself completely cured. #
OKO. A. LOWE, COT Market St., Phil., Pa.
Feb. 5:6, 1897.
ECZEMA SEVEN YEARS
Scalp and Back Covered with Dry Sore.
Thought Itching Would
Drive Him Mad.
COMPLETE CURE BY CUTICURA REMEDIES
I wu afflicted with Eczema for seven year*,
and my scalp was in a bad state. I bad a bad
back, three inches of which was covered with a
dry scab with a moisture underneath. The Itch-
ing was so bad I thought it would drive me mad.
I tried all remedies I was told of, but could not
get cured. I wot advised to try Cuticura Rem-
edies. I used five bottles of Ccticcra Resol-
TBNT.flvc cakes of Cuticura Soap, and five boxes
of Cuticura Salve, and I teat completely cured.
1 have not had a pimple on my head or body since.
C. LONG, 32» Wilton An.', Toronto, Con.
Ccticcba Remedies daily perform more great cures of
torturing. disfißuring, humiliating skin. scalp, »nd blood
diseases 'than all other blood and skin remedies combined,
and Jinslillisl the only unfslling external »nd internal
treatment for »11 forms of skin, icalp, and blood humor*.
Br«EDT Core.Tbicatmkiit fob Hmo«.—
■Warm biths with Citici-ka Soap. *ntle anointing
with Ccwcc«A[mntmentj!lpure«i of emolllenukln cures.
Ed Sid do«. of Ccticcju K£BOLV«»T, greater of
blood purifiers and humor cure*. 
Bold throujrhont the world. Pottm D»co iCbh.
«!•■*. Belt Xks*., Boston. " How to Cure £wetna, tm.
POOLROOM MEN AWAIT THEIR TRIAL
Warring Factions In and Out of the Sausalito Town Council Are
Resting.
SAUSATiTTO has again assumed Its former appearance of a quiet, self-respecting, seaside resort. For the moment
the poolroom men have, through stress of circumstances, abandoned it as a field In which to pluck the unwary
bettor.
The situation will remain unchanged until the trial of Bookmakers Humphrey, Broyer, Glynn and Schwartz. The
men were to have been tried before a Jury and Recorder G. W. Slmpton to-morrow. Owing to the difficulty experi
enced in securing a Jury the case has pone over for one week. The charge to which the accused mußt answer will be
that of receiving sums of money for wagering on contests of horses, outside of a race track.
When the firm, of which Johnny Humphrey Is the head, was driven from San Mateo County the members cast
about for a new field of operations and hit upon Sausalito. They expected no opposition there as the Town Trustees
wert elected on the so-called "poolroom ticket." Under its platform it was provided to license all poolrooms at a tax
of $300 per quarter. Two linns availed of this privilege, Joseph Harvey and W. H. Harrison.
Humphrey and his colleagues desired to open under the same conditions, but were denied a license. Attorney A.
Sylva, who Is a member of the Board of Town Trustees and Its legal representative, in explaining the reason for this
refusal. Bays: "These people come here to create trouble. They erected a barn on the main street of town where all
people going to Old Sausallto were compelled to pass. Ladies had to press their way through a motley crowd of
cheap gamblers, touts, Btable boys and hangers-on about the local tracks. When they applied for a license we refused
It, the vote being four to one. No matter how the forthcoming trial may result they will never write a card In Sau
salito."
Ex-Marshal Creed, the good-natured representative of the bookmakers In their recent conflict with the deputy
town marshals, is of the opinion that the citizens having elected the Town Trustees on a poolroom ticket are now
reaping a whirlwind.
"When they voted to permit pool-selling," he said, "they did not name the number of poolrooms that could be
opened. They alleged at the time that they needed the money which the licenses would bring in. Now they want
to give only their friends the privilege.
"The poolsellers have hurt the town. They have given the place a bad name and in return the only persons bene
fited have been the saloon men and keepers of n-staurants. The money the town received from the pool-sellers has
all been spent in the employment of deputy marshals."
The wires of the Western Union Telegraph Company have been removed from all the poolrooms. The officials of
the company affirm that they have not yet determined upon their future actions in the matter. They may decline to
resume the service which they have rendered in the past, they say, irrespective of what may be the outcome of the
trial of the men.
The residents of Sausallto have taken but a passing interest in the fight, merely deploring the notoriety which
has been thrust upon the town.
REFUSES
TO GIVE UP
THE MONEY
Chief Lees Still Clings
to the Haynes Gold.
DEFIES ATTORNEY WILSON
ORDERED TO APPEAR BEFORE
JUDGE' HUNT ON FRIDAY.
The Head of the Department Is
Evidently Determined to Re
tain Possession of the
Amount.
Chief L.ees evidently does not Intend to
surrender the money his officers found in
the cabin of Haynes, the murderer of
lieutenant of Police Burke. He has the
amount securely locked in his safe, and
from present indications he does not in
tend to part with it.
When the murderous tinker was ar
rested, after a "show of arms" by the
"crack" rifle team of the Police Depart
ment, his cabin was searched, with the
result that $985 in gold was found secreted
under the floor. The policeman who dis
covered it turned it over to Lees, who
placed the amount in his safe.
Evidently anxious to save his neck,
Haynt-s employed Attorneys J. N. E. Wil
son and Eddie Sweeny to defend him.
Through their efforts he managed to es
cape with a life sentem-e.
A few days prior to being taken to Fol
som to spend the rest of his days the ec
centric tinker sent for Attorney Wilson
and offered him $25 for his services.
"That is all you deserve," remarked
Haynos. "If you had allowed me to plead
my' own case I would have been ac
quitted."
Without deigning to reply Wilson lett
the jail and on the following day he ap
plied to Judge Troutt to have him fix the
amount to which he was entitled for hi*
services. After Assistant District Attor
ney Black, Eugene Deupr»>y and several
other members of the bar had testified
to the value of Wilson's services, the
court fixed the amount at $2<XX). As Wil
son has already collected $S0 from
Haynos, judgment was accordingly ren
dered for $1920.
Notwithstanding that Wilson showed
Czar Lees a certified copy of the judgment
he persistently refused to turn over to
him the money found in Haynes' cabin.
Angered at the seemingly childish obsti
nacy of the head of the Police Depart
ment, Wilson, yesterday afternoon, went
before Judge Hunt and had him issue an
order citing Lees to appear before him
to show cause why he should not re
linquish his firm grip on the money founa
In Haynes' cabin.
The order is made returnable on next
Friday, and a lively fight for the posses
sion of the money is expected.
Chief Whitney's Body Exhumed.
The body of Frank E. R. Whitney, ex-
Chief Engineer of the San Francisco Fire
Department, was exhumed from its un
marked grave in the Odd Fellows' Ceme
tery last Sunday and reinterred next to
the" remains of ex-Chiefs Kohler ana
Scannel in the chiefs' plat of the Exempt
Firemen in the Laurel Hill Cemetery.
The services were conducted by the Vet
eran Firemen's Association. A. J. Yin-
o£ the inauirx oQJce of the postofiico.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, TUESDAY, JUNE 28, 1898.
is working to secure a monument to marie
the resting place of the dead fireman.
. ♦ .
ASSIST INTENDING VOTERS.
Citizens' Republican County Commit
tee Will Aid in Their natu
ralization.
The regular weekly meeting of the Citi
zens' Republican County Committee was
held last night at its headquarters, 26
Geary street.
Upon the suggestion of M. W. Coffee a
committee of three was appointed to aid
in the naturalization and registration of
men who desire to exercise the right to
vote. The remaining members of the
committee, of which Mr. Coffee is chair
man, are Bartholomew Wren and J. J.
McCarthy.
D. J. O'Brien, chairman of the head
quarters committee, was given one week
in which to complete its furnishing.
As there Is but little to engage the at
tention of the county committee at the
present time it was suggested by J. C.
Gardiner that the meetings be held here
after at the call of the chairman. The
suggestion was adopted. Charles H.
Forbes presided over the deliberations of
the committee, Thomas B. O'Brien act
ing as secretary.
THE TROTTEBS AT OAKLAND.
The Card Promises Lively Contests
Between Saturday's Winners and
Other Good Ones.
The new system of harness races Inaug
urated at the Oakland race track last
Saturday under the auspices of the Pa
cific Coast Trotting Horse Breeders' As
' s-ociation bids fair to be successful. Pro
fiting by the experience of that day the
■ management has determined to have only
twenty minutes' intermission between
races. Instead Of half an hour, thus insur
ing a short afternoon's racing.
Colonel Park Henshaw and his com
mand have be«n Invited to attend the
meeting to-day. Colonel Henshaw is one
of the directors of this association and
has a string of fast trotters and pacers at
the track in charge of James Sullivan,
the well-known driver from Willows.
The programme of to-day's races con
tains the names of many horses that
achieved fame on the California tracks
last Hcason, but it would not be surprising
if their colors were lowered by some new
recruits for fame and glory in the turf
world.
Following is the programme of races,
which will commence at 1:30 to-day:
2:30 class, pacing, dash, one mile; purse $200—
James Sullivan's Captain Haokett. Edw. A.
Falwoy's Itesort, J. M. Nelson's I Direct,
George Johns' Patsy r>, J. CT Kane's Peanut?,
A. H. Cohen's Wa/-kstone, E- C. Gabriel's
Mark M. Oeorjre Gray's William Harold. James
Thompson's I'rlmrose. Thomiis Smith's Gaff
Topsail, J. P. Iv<>rson's DictntresH, W. (5.
I>urfee'H I,ady MarKarrt, W. S. Maben's Polo.
2:17 class, trotting, dash, one mile; purse $200
— James Stillt van's Our Jack, Henry Schlos
| ser's flay S. Charles A. line's Mojave, P. J.
i Williams' Silver Rlnß, Vendome Stock Farm's
Iran Alto. Thomas Smith's George Washing
ton, C. C Crlppin'R L*?onel, J. B. Iverson's
I'rin^e Gift, George E. Shaw's May B, H. C.
Barton's f'nmeo !.».
219 r'.ass, pacing, dash, one mile; purse $2<V)
— I>. E. Knight's Cora S, E. Stewart's Butcher
Hoy, K. Schmidt" ■ Fitz-Aymon, A. B. Alt
ken's Bess H, A. H. Cohen's Much Better,
Vrs. B. W. Callendine's Dlawood, George
Gray's William Harold. Walter Masten's Dic
tatu's, George E. Shaw's Frank Murphy. S. 11.
Hoy'g Monroe S, W. S. Maben's William
Baker.
2:12 class, pacing, dash, one mile; purse $200
—James Sullivan's Fltz l>ee, J. M. Nelson's
HIJo ilel I>iablo, W. B. Warner's F W, James
Thompson's Little Thorn, I. L. Nash's Colonel
Benton. John Baker's Ketchum, E. Stewart's
Plunkett.
2:40 clnss, trotting, heats, 2 In 3; purse $300—
C. E. I'ark's Ijottie, M. Crow's Aggregate, B.
Stewart's Admiral Dewey, J. M Nelson's
Sabelle, P. H. Quinn's Brice McNeil, John
Curley's Prince C, James Sutherland's Favor,
C. E. Clark's Listerlne, James Thompson's
Dexter D. J. L. Smith's Joe Pflby. John Moor
head's Sibyl S, Charles L. Grifflthls Rect, W.
G Durfee's Mamie Riley, Alex Connlck's Pearl
X, C. A. WlnPhlp's Ed Winshlp.
Consul for Denmark.
Collector Jackson has been notified that
the President has recognized H. H. Blrk
holm as Consul at this port for Den
mark.
Celebrate the Fourth with California
fireworks. Buy direct from makers. Cal
ifornia Fireworks Co., 219 Front St. •
FEARS HE
WILL TRY
TO KILL HER
Dr. Kienborts Charged
With Being Insane.
ACCUSED BY HIS WIFE
SHE CLAIMS HE IS A SLAVE
TO THE COCAINE HABIT..
A Grizzled Veteran of the Civil
War Locked Up in a Padded
Cell in the Insane
Ward,
Dr. D. Klenborts. a gray-haired veteran
of the Civil War, Is locked up in a padded
cell in the Insane ward of the Receiving
Hospital. Yesterday morning his wife,
who lives at 30^ Twenty-eighth street,
went before a Superior Judge and swore
to' a complaint charging him with in
sanity.
According to her story, she was forced
to leave her husband some time ago, as
Phe feared that he would kill her. She
also declared that he was addicted to the
use of cocaine and likely to commit mur
der when under the effects of the drug.
Mrs. Kienborts further stated that she
had received a letter from her husband
dated Stockton, in which he said he had
grown tired of life in Stockton, where he
went last March, and intended to return
to this city. Thinking that his object
in coming here was to wreak physical vio
lence on her Mrs. Kienborts concluded to
have him arrested for insanity.
A Deputy Sheriff, who was Intrusted
with the warrant, learning that Kienborts
had already reached this city, started out
to find him. After considerable trouble
he located him in a friend's house at 311
Broderlck street, and placed him under
arrest.
Kienborts offered no objection and was
taken to the insane ward of the Receiv
ing Hospital and placed in a padded cell.
When spoken to by one of the doctors
Kienborts denied that his mental facul
ties were impaired.
"This is a job to get rid of me," he re
marked. "I am not crazy. They want to
get hold of the little pension I draw every
month, and to accomplish their purpose
they have conceived the bold plan of hav
ing me sent to an insane asylum.
"Last March I separated from my wife
and went to Stockton, where I practiced
medicine. Longing to see my wife again,
I wrote her that I Intended to return to
this city. Why she should have me ar
rested for being insane is beyond my com
prehension.
"It is true that I have used cocaine, but
not to any great extent. Frequently,
when suffering from pains In the head, I
would dip a piece of cotton in a solution
of the drug and apply it to my nostrils.
It is ridiculous to say that I am a slave
to cocaine. I Intend to vigorously resißt
any attempt to have me sent to an in
sane asylum, and will show the commis
sioners that I am being persecuted solely
for the purpose of forcing me to surren
der the little pension I receive as a vet
eran of the civil war."
The doctors at the hospital are unani
mous In their opinion that Kienborts is
"FORT FRAYNE"
MAKES A HIT
The Columbia Presents
a Fine Comedy.
"BOCCACCIO" AT THE TIVOLI
"THE GOSSOON" CROWDS THE
GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
"Frederick The Great" a Success at
the Alcazar and Standing
Room Only the Rule at
the Orpheum.
The presentation of "Fort Frayne" at
the Columbia last evening was a gala oc
casion and a proud one, not only for the
author, Brigadier General King, but for
the Prawley Company and the manage
ment. The n^-iy was a success from the
start, and what with the waving of ban
ners, the old-time Union cheers, mingled
with the startling rebel yell, contributed
by pome of the Tennessee soldiers in the
audience, the presence of Generals Mer
ritt, Otis, Whlttier and King, a large
number of officers and boys in blue and a
crowded, enthusiastic house, every imng
went merrily as could be desired. At the
end of the first act when "Old Glory" in
heroic size came gracefully down in the
place of the drop curtain, to the music of
the "Star-Spangled Banner," the audi
ence arose en masse, and for several min
utes there was a most stirring scene in
which cheers and singing mingled with
the various patriotic airs from the orches
tra.
General King was called for, but de
clined to appear until at the close of the
third act, when he made a brief, well
worded speech of thanks, in which he said
he agreed with his old soldiers in Arizona
that there was "no place like home-^ex
cept San Francisco." This, he thought,
was proved by the reception of his humble
efforts and the able work of the company.
Everybody was happy and "Fort Frayne"
had a most auspicious introduction, which
promises a very successful run.
The play is picturesque, full of bright,
nlrasing scenes, with sufficient of the pa
thetic to give a sharp contrast to the rich
vein of comedy and humor running
through It. There are some tears, but it
Is mostly laughter, of the wholesome,
well-deserved kind, that follows the
catchy lines and harmonious situations.
Mr. Frawley as a lieutenant of the Na
tional Guard of New York has a line in
which he says "The National Guard is
where it ought to be — shoulder to shoul
der with the regulars." General King, in
his speech, said that the words were pro
phetic, as they were In the original lines
of the drama, as the two branches of the
military were now "where they ought to
be— shoulder t<> shoulder."
The company Is deserving of much
credit for the excellent manner in which
the members carried their respective
parts, especially on a first night. Miss
Bouton as the unhappy wife of the dis
reputable soldier, had a part that gave
fine opportunities to show her abilities,
and she did this most capably, winning
well-deserved praise. Mr. Frawley was a
most admirable persistent lover and Sam
Edwards as Dr. Wayne, the wretchedly
absent-minded wooer of a delightful
spinster," Miss Lucille la Verne, afforded
much of the genuine comedy of the play.
Thomas O'Mally as the Irish sergeant
created genuine fun, and Mr. Roberts, in
the part of the noble redman, iltted the
character nicely. Mr. Wilson as the com- j
mander of the post. Mr. Hiekman as the
fresh young officer from West Point, and i
Mr. Burke as the degraded soldier, were I
very natural and acceptable. Mr. Bell, !
however, could not escape from his own
personality, and appeared to be the Prince j
lifted out of "aristocracy." Miss Maude !
Winters was charming as the willful and !
loveable youngmissand appeared to much
better advantage than heretofore. Too
much of the vixen in Fanchon Camp- j
bell's lovers' quarrel somewhat marred j
an otherwise creditable piece of work.
The old maid of Miss I,a Verne was a ;
finished character and decidedly funny.
Eleanor Carey as the widow of the for- :
nicr commander of the post presented the j
part very agreeably.
The theater was beautifully decorated i
with flags, shields and coats of arms, and
the management is to be congratulated
on the success, artistic and otherwise, of
the production.
At the Alcazar.
Lewis Morrison and the Alcazar Stock
Company grow in favor and each new
play brings forth a hidden star in some
member of the company. Last night in
"Frederick the Great," Frank Denithorne,
as Baron Frederick yon Trenck,
lieutenant of the ' King's own guard, mad©
a great hit by his rendition of the part.
"Frederick the Great" is a comedy in
four acts, and some liberty has been
taken with historical facts in order to
bring it within the scope of the play.
The happenings of twenty years are com
pressed Into less than, that number 01
months for dramatic purposes, but this
has been so skillfully done that the lib
erty is forgiven when the performance
Is viewed.
As Frederick the Great, Lewis Morrison
presented himself in a new role and won
the hearts of the audience and incident
ally a number of recalls. Howard Scott
and Wallace Shaw ably supported the
star, and as the Princess Amelia Miss
Gertrude Foster was very successful ana
gained much applause. There was a
crowded house, and judging from the
manner in which it was received, the Al
cazar should be filled throughout the
week.
Grand Opera-House.
Carroll Johnson loomed up as well In
white at the Grand Opera House last
night as he did in black at the Orpheum
two weeks ago. "The Gossoon" give*
him a fair opportunity of showing his
versatility, and his appearance in Irish
comedy was a base hit and a home run
for popularity. The play is well supplied
with dramatic situations, with two heavy
villains to the. fore. The Gossoon Is, of
course, the hero. His support Is excellent,
the ladies of the company being at their
best. Maud Edna Hall as Rose O'Connell,
the deceived but unspoiled Irish girl, was
interesting but brogueless. The rol% of
Annabel Gray by Lorena Atwood was
charmingly and naturally played, while
Julia Blanc made lots of fun as Pansy
Peters. Her smile is worth a week's sal
ary. Max yon Mitzel was a fair Bernard
O'Malley. Maurice Stewart's RhodyDugan
was a neat bit of comedy and shared the
applause with the Dandy Darragh of H.
Percy Meldon.
In the last act Mr. Johnson sang "My
Honolulu Lady" and "Take Your Presents
Back," and sang them ro well that He
was encored half a dozen times by the
delighted audience. The play will hola
the toards for the rest of the week.
At the Orpheum.
A splendid bill was presented at the Or
pheum last night to a crowded and appre
ciative house. Among the new features
the most sensational were the aerial acts
of the three Watson sisters, assisted by
the noted gymnast, Juan de Zamora.
Falke and Semon. musical artists and
comedians, made a most favorable im
pression, and Charles Wayne, the well
known eccentric comedian, at once estab
lished himself in the good graces of the
audience. Jones, Grant and Jones, the
colored comedians, and Anna Caldwell,
complete the list of the new attractions.
The Four Cohans have made themselves
prime favorites, and their new sketch,
"Running for Office," is exceedingly clev
er and amusing. Tim Murphy in his char
acter sketches, the two Judges in their
equillbristlc feats, and Carlin and Clarke,
the Germao comedians, were as entertaini
ng as ever.
Tivoil Opera-House.
There has been a revival of comic
opera nt the Tlvoll and a change of bill
is promised for every week. The man
agement has made a happy selection of
shapely and comely artists whose vocal
abilities are second to none. The old fa
vorite, "Boccaccio," "waa presented last
oveninjr and. "JM Mikadoi'i jr\]\_ follow.
ADVEBTISEUJBUTS. _..\
i■■■■■■■■iim■"■ » " * " * " * * ji
silks ; j
I • tb X
i . AND- — — • * i
;■- DRESS **f** i
GOODS ■■■.*■'■ {
• •' • • AT • • • • ■
••••■ • • • •
FORCED LIQUIDATION PRICES!?
_ i
To illustrate the ASTOUNDING ■
BARGAINS OFFERED for the clos- H
ing days of the month at the great : B
sale we are holding BY PEREMP- .
TORY ORDER OF THE TRUSTEES, ■
we present a few of £ n
TO-DAYS SPECIAL REDUCTIONS ! -
COLORED DRESS GOODS. SILK DEPARTMENT. I
in ft 81 pieces SCOTCH LINEN f)(\ n 1000 yards ALL SILK PON- I
III:, CANVAS SUITINGS, mixed ef- /III!, GEE. free from dressing, for- ■
■ wwi focts; will be placed on sale at ; ■" WWI mer price 35c; marked down to I
10c a yard. 20c a yard. h
B
IF A 59 pieces 41-inch ALL WOOL QKft g». __ j;j ;^ V-rrT CI I , A^ GE^ BLB m
IDC. NOVELTY CHECKED SUIT- OOlli §?LK? LK \EL\ ET. light and m©- ■
lUU| ING; will be placed on special dlum shades, former price $1;
sale at 15c a yard. markeu down to 35c a yard. g
•_ ft 47 pieces 37-inch SILK AND ' 7C ft 600 yards COLORED TAF- I
OCa <7 pieces 37-inch SILK AND l lfi FETA SILK lie-ht and dark R
ZOC. WOOL DRESS GOODS, former IMi litest tint B ; will ¥
price dOc a yard; on special sale closed out at 75c a yard JU
/ at 25c. a yard. ■
* - ™ . w*
7Rn 00 yards BLACK FIGURED T
071 a 38 Pieces 37-inch MIXED (31 , SATIN, small designs, former ■
Jl9Ui TWILLED COVERT SUIT-! ' wul price $1; marked down to 75c a T
W> <s W " ING, new colorings; on spe- , yard. '
cial sale at 37% c a yard. ■
[01 If! 70 ° yards COLORED TAF- ¥
Cfift 29 pieces 42-inch FRENCH 1 All lUi FETA SILK, 27 inches wide I
DUd NOVELTY SUITING, figured vl extra heavy quality, former ■
WWVI effects; on special sale at 50c a price $1 50; marked down to |
yard. J ' jl 10 a yard. n
.:— . . • I
Iflw Market, Jones and McAllister Sts., / ■
noxt week. Helen Merrill made a hit in
her rendition of "The Prayer," which she
had to repeat three times. I-ouise Royce,
as the poet and novelist, Boccaccio, re
ceived her share of the applause, and
John J. Raffael as the Prinze Pietro filled
his part well. The introduction of Tony
Ryan as the mad musician into the opera
is not in the best of taste, as his enter
taining specialties are foreign to every
thing presented. Of course, Edwin Ste
vens had a part, which he filled to the
satisfaction of all. Without apparent ef
fort Stevens had the entire audience
standing and singing "The Star-spangled
Banner" and actually shouting with pa
triotic enthusiasm in response to his hyp
notic Influences. Stevens enjoyed it and
so did the audience.
At the Chutes.
The usual large Monday evening audi
ence gave a hearty reception to the spe
cialties at the Chutes Free Theater last
evening. Tom Gleason and Lottie Holmes
made their first appearance on this coast
and their burlesque boxing act was very
unique. Almont and Dumont, musical ar
tists; Jacklin and Grodgens, descriptive
vocalists, and Marion and Lynton, a com
edy sketch team, duplicated their suc
cess of last week. Walter and Lola Leon
repeated their thrilling trapeze perform
ance and the new moving war pictures
were greeted with enthusiasm. Henri
Maurice Cannon, the big Swiss, is a great
favorite at the Haight-street grounds,
and his 'receptions every afternoon and
evening are well attended. Great prepa
rations are being made for the Fourth of
July celebration at the Chutes.
California Theater.
The California Theater will be reopened
Saturday evening with a great produc
tion of "Uncle Tom's Cabin." The cast
will include Rhys Thomas, L. R. Stock
well, Jeffreys D. Williams, Edith Hall,
Phosa McAllister, Jessie Shirley and
others equally strong. The sale of seats
will begin Thursday morning.
A Prisoner Dying.
United States Attorney General Griggs
transmitted to the United States Marshal
In this city yesterday an order to take
James F. Rodgers from the penitentiary
at San Quentin to the penitentiary at
Yuma, Arizona, Rodgers being afflicted
with consumption. The prisoner was sen
tenced a few months ago by United
States District Judge de Haven^ for matt
ing counterfeit money. The
father was also sentenced at the same
time for the same offense.
Died in a Street Car.
F. E. Erickson, conductor on the San
Francisco and San Mateo line, died sud
denly in a Folsom-street car yesterday
afternoon while returning from a visit to
his physician, he having been in ill
health for some time. An inquest will be
hold. The deceased had a wife and two
children.
Burglary in a Grocery.
Fred J. Schmidt, grocer, Fell and
Franklin streets, reported at police head
quarters yesterday that his store had
been entered by burglars early yesterday
morning and a quantity of liquors and
cigars stolen. Entrance had beeen ef
fected by forcing open the door leading
into the bar.
Stole a Gold Watch.
I,pong Sing, a peddler of lottery tickets,
was arrested yesterday by Detectives Gib
son and Wren and locked up In "the
tanks." He is accused of stealing a gold
watch from the residence of Mrs. H. B.
Pike, 904 Powell street, on February- 14,
last. He called at the house again yes
terday, and Mrs. Pike detained him until
the detectives arrived. The watch has
not yet been rerovered.
Lodgers Routed by Flames.
The lnmatea of a lodging house at 1320
Stockton street made a lively scramble
In getting from the house yesterday after
noon when a fire vfas discovered In the
A coal oil stove exploded In
one of the rooms and the flames spread
rapidly until they had done $700 worth of
damage, when they were extinguished by
the Fire Department, which was called
out by an alarm from box No. 9. The
building is owned by John Rodgers, and
occupied as a lodging house by Eugene
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
♦ tS»A f\f\ "*"
♦ -as J&f $1.00
t B /'/M ANf) >
I WE HAVE DECLARED WAR
4- On high prices and we ar« pouring hot +
a- shot into our competitors. This is th» ,
J" season for colored shoes; you need then}' +
~ and .we have them, and we are selling ♦".
4 them cheaper than they can be bought .*.•
elsewhere. Ladies' Royal Wine Kid V
T- Lace Shoes (extra quality). New Coin 4-
4. Toes and Tips and Flexible Soles, re- . .
duced for this week to $1 95; regular "♦"■
4" price $3. 4.'
X 75 CENTS. i X.
4- «""C"( — ' N»| I Misses' and Chll- >-
X.. * 1.4 K-i 1 Wren's Russet .',
~- BT 1 Goat Button T.
4- |)Tl If Shoes, Cloth or 4:
. B.\r X: wl Stock Tops, Nar- {
■*■ ft V/^V vSI row Square Toes 4",
4. M ■■ & nd Tips. Spring _*_•
E«OviX *■ Heels. We hay» "^
■♦- fffnn-MT^^-"** "" sizes In the 4-
4- "^^^ =r -^^" - """^ K^ Goat Tops, but -4-
. not all sizes in the Cloth Tops; that is .:
"*" why we are selling the line so cheap. "▼"
4. Child's Sizes, 8 to 10& 75 4.
Misses' Sizes, 11 to 2 .90 _.:
■♦" Cut this ad out of the paper and "▼"
4. bring tt with you on Wednesday, ,Ti:n« 4:
. 29, when we will present a handsomely
4- engraved 16- page atlas of the world, ■-T
x valued at SI 50, to each customer buy- 4;
"*" Ing $2 worth. ;
4- . ♦
a We Do Not Guarantee to Fill Country 4.
Orders. Z
1 4- Send for Illustrated Catalogue. -♦•
■4- _—— +
X B. KATCHINSKI, X
+ PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO., +
4- 10 THIRD ST., San Francisco. +
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
PAINLESS DENTISTRY'
$$ln&- %jr t ™ - 122
f^y -jfln < Sprfk<*'^^» tmip~. — - i.iu^Jßo»
J^^^fVAN VROOM
*^i^\vCV Electro tat «l Parlors
■^^Sttl ITX /SIXTH AND MARKET
'v* ¥ o.w.i<LeiSEß,o.aa "
: riilt's Indian Vegetable Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persona who
,- have used them for over forty years to cur«
SICK HEADACHE. GIDDINESS, CONSTIPA-
TION, Torpid Liver. Weak Stomach. Pimple*
and purify, the blood. ;
Crossman's SiliS
-•:: V. ith this remedy - persons ■' : can cure them-
•elves without . the least exposure, change at
diet or change in application to business. Th«
medicine contains ■ nothing of . the least Injury