VOLUME LXXXIII.— NO. 62.
RESCUED FROM
BLEAK SHORES OF
LEWIS ISLAND
Some of the Passengers of the Wrecked
Steamer Corona Are Taken
to Seattle.
Stories of the Survivors Differ, Several Claiming
They Were Well Treated, While Others
Say They Were Subjected to
Great Hardships.
SEATTLE. Wash., Jan. SO.—
When the steamer Al-Ki reached
this port at 9 o'clock to-night
she was greeted by a crowd of
over a. thousand interested men
and •women. They gathered
there to witness the return of
the belated gold-seekers who
had gone north on the ill-fated
steamer Corona.
Although the passenger list
numbered about 250, but twenty
five returned to Seattle. They
are known as follows: H. E.
Pardee, W. A. Smith, William
O'Brien, J. X. Hicks. W. H.
Fritts, EL W. Pollock, W. M.
Berry, H. Street, C. W. Parker,
G. P. Matthewman, L. C. Sehler,
J. B. Powells, J. Jacobs, G. E.
Moe, W. Fox, A. Mater, Oliver
Darby, D. W. Furgeson, C. W.
Bridges, F. S. Collins, E. R.
Cleveland, H. Tobin, E. G. Wil
son, George Low, J. W. Charles
ton.
The wreck of the steamer Corona is
now somewhat familiar. She went on
the rocks Sunday morning, January 23,
off the south end of Lewis Island, about
one-half the distance to Dyea. The
passengers were taken off in small
boats and landed on the rough shore
of the Island where they camped for
over four days, until rescued by the
Al-Ki on Thursday. Xo lives were lost.
The freight will be almost a total low.
while the vessel 6tands at an angle half
submerged, ■with its bow securely
lodged on the rock which wrecked it.
Scores of the passengers lost outfits
and goods valued at from $100 to $5000.
The accident which caused the de
struction of property and Imperiled the
lives of over 300 men, women and chil
dren, occurred at dawn. The morning
gong had sounded to awaken the pas
sengers for breakfast. Scores of the
men and some women had been obliged
to sleep in the saloon and the social
hall on the floors, so great was the
crush for space, and three tables were
necessary to feed the passengers. Both
Captain G. H. Pierce and Pilot H. F.
-Oauffman were on the bridge, this trip
being the latter's first as a pilot.
There was light enough to see the
shore on all sides and the rocky point
of Lewis Island over the bow. Per
haps a hundred men were up, when
suddenly, without warning, a terrible
shock occurred, followed by a grinding
succession of lesser shocks. Those on
deck were thrown down by the force
of the concussion, and those still in
bed were tumbled out in confusion and
.alarm. It took but an instant for all
to realize that the ship had struck a
rock.
The ship struck the rock at 7:10
a. m. At 7:45 the first load containing
twenty women left the side of the ves
sel. A second followed in a few mo
ments, and others were filled rapidly.
It was about 600 feet to the rocky
shore and it took but a few minutes for
a boat to make the trip. Meanwhile
the steamer was slowly sinking in tho
Btern. Rather the bow seemed to be
rising hisher out of the water. It
•was low tide when the accident oc
curred. At 10 o'clock the passengers
were all landed and the baggage was
being brought ashore. Those who
looked over toward the doomed vessel
saw the stern was deeper in the water
than usual, and that the list to port
was more noticeable than when they
left the ship. Hastily the men worked
to save baggage, blankets and food, as
there was no telling how long they
would be obliged to live on the deso
late island. Deeper and deeper the
stern of the vessel sank, until at noon,
five hours after the unfortunate acci
dent the after cabin disappeared, sub
merging about half or two-thirds of
the upper work of the steamer.
The rescued passengers were com
pelled to remain four long and weary
days on the shore. All felt the pangs
of hunger and endured much physical
suffering by reason of the unfavorable
and severe weather elements. Many
distressing Incidents occurred during
the long wait for relief. Each succeed
ing day anxiety increased, while pro
visions were getting so scarce that
starvation was feared by many. All
Thursday the rocky cliff was thronged
with despairing men and women, hop
ing to get a glimpse of some boat from
the north. At last the Al-Ki's smoke
was seen far away toward the mouth
of the Skeena River. Slowly it drew
near and finally came to anchor off the
island a mile. All the boats belonging
to the Corona had been smashed ex
cept one and the Al-Ki's boats were
brought into use to convey the passen
gers aboard. While the loading was in
progress the Rosalie came along, also
the steam scow Nell. Nearly a hundred
of the passengers and crew stayed on
the island in the hope of catching a
HG'*fc-bound steamer. The AJ-Ki got
The San Francisco Call
away before dark with some 200 pas
sengers from the island. About 10
o'clock that night she met the Oregon,
bound north. The two steamers were
lashed together and all but about twen
ty-rive of the Corona's people were
transferred and started north again.
Those who came the rest of the way
are coming down to reoutfit and go
north again.
From the general expression it is not
believed that the injury to the Corona
is serious. She lies easily on the bot
tom of the sea and the fact that s4ie
filled so slowly proves that the hole
in her bottom Is not large. If a wreck
er is at hand there is no reason why
the accident should lay her off more
than a few weeks.
After the passengers landed the ten*
in the woods was occupied by- W. E.
Glunz and wife and Mrs. Glunz' sister.
Mrs. O. Knox, all of Oakland, Cal., and
S. Marcuse of San Francisco. Mr.
Glunz was taking up several tons of
goods to open a store at Dyea. He had
a number of horses aboard which were
saved, but his loss amounts to several
thousand dollars. Notwithstanding the
fact that Mr. Glunz has suffered BO se
verely by the accident, he is going on
to Dyea. Mr. Glunz and Mrs. Knox
came down on the Al-Ki until they met
the Oregon, when they re-embarked
for the north.
In recounting: her experiences, Mrs.
Knot said: "The crash, when the Coro
na- ran on the rock, ** was ■"one '••'£ shall'
never forget. We were Just preparing
for breakfast- As soon as possible the
small boats were lowered and the wo
men landed on the rocky point nearest
us. After they were all safely ashore,
the balance of the passengers were
taken off. Then the crew, aided by a
number of willing passengers, boarded
the wreck and saved some baggage,
blankets, mattresses, tents, provisions
and other ship's store that had not been
damaged by water. The pasengers im
mediately began to make themselves
comfortable with the saved property.
It was supposed that it would be only a
day's outing, but it lasted four and a
half. At all hours of the day or night
anxious watchers could be seen on the
cliff, watching for a boat of any kirrd
to take us off the desolate Island. We
must have been 600 or 700 miles from
Puget Sound and 250 from Fort Wran
gel, the nearest settlement.
"We were treated with every courtesy
by the captain and officers, who exert
ed themselves to see that no one suf
fered. There were a number of horses
and dogs, belonging to different pass
engers, on board, and they were land
ed by being lowered over the side of the
vessel into the water and allowed to
swim ashore.
"It was a barren bland when we first
landed, but in a few hours it resembled
a genuine boom town, all the ramps
being laid out in streets and the
streets named. We had Market, Front,
San Lorenzo and California streets and
Van Ness avenue. Much wreckage was
washed up on the beach. A drummer
for a San Francisco grocery house
found a quantity of his samples of
canned fruits among the wreckage, and
he presented them to the lady passen
gers. I can assure you his kindness
was greatly appreciated.
"On Wednesday evening a boat was
sighted, and was greeted with cheer
after cheer, the entire camp almost go
ing wild at the expected deliverance,
but the vessel, after stopping a few
minutes, passed on, leaving word that
a vessel would be down the next day
to take us off. We were quite satisfied
to leave the island, as we had quite
enough of it."
A. R. Diamond of Portland was n
passenger on the Corona. He was most
indignant, both at the cause of the ac
cident and the way he was treated on
board and ashore afterward. He said:
"From the moment the ship struck
there was no head and no authority.
Everything was in confusion, every
body was for himself, and much of the
suffering, both from cold and hunger,
that was experienced could have been
avoided had there been a show of order
or authority.
"When provisions came ashore In
boats manned by the crew the ship's
men grabbed most of them. Many pas
sengers landed almost destitute and
there was no way for them to live ex
cept by begging. There were six ct us
who had become acquainted on the
steamer, and we were taken in by six
former O. G. boys, who had saved some
of their Klondike outfits. I am afraid
we would have nearly frozen and
starved had it not been for their gen
erosity. We never were able to get
one meal from the ship's stores during
the whole time we were there, though
there were tons of it came ashore. I
asked the second mate for a cup of cof
fee, seeing that he had a supply. He
told me to go to and rustle it for
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, JANUARY 31, 1898.
myself, like he did. This was but a
sample of the treatment that was ac
corded the passengers by the steamer
officers. I never saw people treated so
badly, and it is a wonder that some
did not perish from exposure and hun
ger."
Another of the belated passengers
was E. Jl. Cleveland of Loj Angeles. In
an interview with The Cais correspond
ent to-night he said: "A grating pound
first gave warning of impending disas
ter. The passengers immediately recog
nized that the steamer was on a rock.
There was no excitement, although
everybody began to get their traps to
gether. Meanwhile the officers of the
Corona were preparing to have the
boats lowered. It was thirty-five min
utes from the time the steamer struck
the reef until the first £oat was ready
to receive passengers. A landing was
made on a barren reef," but immediately
in the background was a heavy growth
of timber. Most of the cargo and bag
gage became a total wreck. A num
ber of horses and dogs that were on the
steamer were put ashore. Many blan
kets and about a dozen tents were also
secured. In about an hour after the
Corona struck the reef one end of the
island was transformed into a lively
camp.
"The day opened clear, but by after
noon a severe storm came up and a
gale blew all night, adding greatly to
the discomfort of the situation. Many
of the. passengers j were roost unfortu
nate in thetr Toss, as they had expended
about all their money to provide an
outfit and pay passage to Alaska. Rut
they did not feel discouraged. Food
was abundant the first two days on the
island, but after that it was difficult for
all to obtain enough to eat. It was for
tunate that a majority of those on
board were more or less prepared for
camping. Some of us had all our blan
kets and warm clothing checked as
baggage, and the steamer was too low
In the water for much of that stuff to
be landed in a dry condition."
H. F. Cauffman, the pilot, has been
on Pacific waters for about a year. In
the East he is well known, having
commanded such Atlantic steamers as
the Indiana, Illinois, Pennsylvania and
Ohio. He ran between Philadelphia and
Liverpool, and Philadelphia and Ant
werp. Since he has been here he has
been second officer on several of the
Alaska boats.
There were two infants in arms on
the boats. One of these belonged to- F.
J. Reynolds and wife of Port Town
send, who were on their awy to Ju
neau. Mr. Reynolds lost nearly $4000
on the wreck in goods. The other In
fant belonged to H. Foster and wife,
going to Wrangel from Missouri. J.
Jacobs, representing Meyerstein & Co.
of San Francisco, lost four or five large
sample cases of fur garments in the
wreck.
T. G. Wilsnn, who came out of the
Yukon country several weeks ago. was
on the way back with ten dogs and sev
eral hundred letters. He lost all his
outfit except the letters, which he
saved. He came drrwn to Seattle to re
place his goods, and will start again In
a few days.
Charles Dexter, the sporting man. for
merly backer of Jack Dempsey, was on
the steamer with eight or ten assist
ants. They were going to Dyea to open
a large gaming-house. George W.
Randall of Chicago was one of the
party.
DEATH OF JULES EMILE PEAN,
EMINENT FRENCH SURGEON.
Became Famous for His Success in
Delicate Operations and a Com
mander of Legion of Honor.
PARIS. Jan. 30.— Jules Enille Pean, the
eminent Burgeon, Is dead.
M. Pean. who was born at Chateaudun
(Eure et Loire), November 29. 1830, prac
r-iirKery continuously in Paris for
more than forty-five years. In 1565 h«
was appointed surpeon of the Central
Ruroau. Two years lat*»r he joined the
staff cf the Lrwrclne. where he remained
five years, going then to Saint Antoine,
and finally to Saint Louis, where he re
mained until 1592. He became famous for
his success in the delicate operations of
ovariotmy. Tn IXS7 he was elected a
member of the Academy of Medicine.
Three years later he received the decora
tion of the Legion of Honor, and in 1593
he was made a commander.
Drifted on a Cake of Ice.
CLEVELAND, Jan. 30.— Nicholas Bach
us, keeper of the water works crib, had
a narrow escape from death to-day. He
started to walk ashore on the Ire when
the wind shifted and the ice began mov
iiiK out into the lake. Bacchus was on a
rake about twelve feet square Two
fishermen finally saw him, and he was
rescued when about one and a half miles
Summer Hotel Burned.
KENNEBITNKPORT. Maine, Jan 30-
The Ocean Bluff House was completely
destroyed by fire to-night. It was th«
largest summer hotel here and was
owned by the Kennebunkport Seashore
Company. Loss, $75,000. Uft!
THE RUSH
NOW ON IN
EARNEST
Vessels Reach Alaska
Laden With Gold-
Seekers.
Congestion of the Trails
Will Exceed That of
Last Fall.
Riot at Skaguay Precipitated
by an Attack on Indian
Packers.
FATE OF A BOY ARGONAUT.
Daniel Lopez of San Luis Obispo
Frozen on the Summit of
White Pass.
Bp«cial TUipatch to The Call.
BKAGUAY, Alaska, Jan. 23,
via Seattle Jan. 30 (by steamship
Al-Kl).— The tail end of the last
two months' procession from
Pawson City has just about ar
rived. Very few more are com
ing over the up-river trail. The
exodus has terminated. Those
who remained in Dawson did so
In the confidence that they had
enough provisions to last them
until the regular annual replen
ishing came up or down the riv
er next spring or summer, when
the Ice breaks up.
The last party to leave Dawson is
aboard the Al-KI. They waved an
adieu to Dm «on on December 20. and
were thirty-one days on the trail. The
weather on the way out was extraor
dinarily iniH. the thermometer regis
tering M degrees above zero for days
at a time. All Klondlkers. going and
coming, hav^ t^en favored this season
with a mild r winter than has been
known in many years.
Each Incoming ship from Seattle and
Portland piles up from lf>o to 700 men
In Indiscriminate confusion on the tide
water side of th^ mountains. The con
gestion of pfcople will be several times
greater than that which characterized
■ -h«j trails last fall and
summer. The mph has Just begun.
Added to the difficulty of petting trans
portation from ports In the States is
the obstacle of the mountain trails.
Which must be overcome before the
long float on the water is begun at
Lake I-lnderman or Lake Rennett. The
objective point of Yukoners now com
ing in is to get their outfits over as far
as either one of these lakes, and a boat
built or bought in time for the break
up In the spring. Very few are at
tempting to go down the river during
the winter. The police do not let them
POM with less than 800 pounds of grub
now.
The arrival of the Al-Kl here last
Saturday. night precipitated a riot in
which some blood was spilled. Very
few miners are among the crowds now
coming:. A majority of the passengers
may be described by the two words,
"the push," which has nothing to lose
and everything to gain In "any old
way." Gamblers, grabbers, and nonde
script characters are assembling, and
the honest Klondike r must keep a clear
head to run the gamut and get on the
Yukon side of the divide with his outfit.
Incoming ships have not been cer
tain for some weeks of longshoremen
to discharge cargo when arriving at
night, though there has been no short
age of longshoremen in the day time.
There are scores of men around Dyea
looking for any kind of a Job. For this
Continued on Second Pag*.
NEWS OF THE DAY.
Weather forecast for San Fran
cisco: Increasing: cloudiness Mon
day; northerly, changing to south
erly wind.
Maximum temperature for the past
twenty-four hours:
Pan Francisco 56 degrees
Portland _. 60 degrees
I»s Angeles 70 degrees
San Diego 64 degrees
FIRST PAGE.
Stories of .Corona Sun-Ivors.
The Rush to the Klondike.
Oakland's Water Rates.
SECOND PAGE.
Columbia's Fast Time.
Warship for Samoa.
Slayers of Strikers at Lattmer.
THIRD PAGE.
Annexatlonlsts Seek Delay.
France and the Jews.
Russia Wins Out In China.
British Troops Driven Back.
Fugitive From Justice Caught.
FOURTH PAGE.
Editorial.
The Public Pound.
Monotonous Prosperity.
Multiplying the . Mourners.
The Election of Senators.
A Permanent Mining Exhibit.
"Individual Thoughts, by a Modest
Critic.
Stories From the Corridors.
News of Foreign Navies.
FIFTH PAGE.
Crooked Work Charged.
The Feast of St. Paul.
• SIXTH PAGE.
Pasadena Cycle Path.
Coursing at Los Angeles.
News of the Guard.
Assaulted His Benefactor.
SEVENTH page.
Sixteenth-street Hold-up.
Killed by His Horse.
News From Across the Bay.
EIGHTH PAGE.
News of the Water Front.
The Big Mining Fair.
Coursing at Inßleside.
NINTH PAGE.
Births, ' Marriages. Deaths.
TENTH PAGE.
Too Free With His Club.
The City Pound Row. .
Manning the Marlon.
Killed by a Trolley Car. - . .
OAKLAND'S
COUNCILMEN
ON RECORD
Every Indication That an Attempt Will
Be Made to Change Existing
Rate Schedules.
A Majority of the Members Are Very Guarded in
Their Expressions and They Want to
Thoroughly Investigate
Matters.
That the note of warning sounded by The Call was not untimely, and that there is an Idea In the minds
of some of the members of the Oakland City Council that a change in water rates might be desirable, may be
seen from the following Interviews with members of that body. The members, with two exceptions, were can
vassed regarding their opinions as to the advisability of tampering with the present rates. Mr Upton and Mr
Pringle could not be found, but the conservative attitude of these two gentlemen is well known, and it' is
probable that both would hold to the idea advanced by Mr. Cuvellier, that before the rates are again nxed
they prefer to do a little Investigating for themselves.
It will be seen that a majority of the members are either non-committal or say that they will not form
an opinion as to the rate question until after they have investigated values for themselves and have given the
water companies an opportunity to make a showing in their own behalf. This can have but one meaning and
that is that there will be an effort at water rate tinkering during the coming month. Whether this tinkerin
will end to the detriment of the people depends upon whether the people watch the members of the Council
closely or not.
MAYOR W. R. THOMAS.
"I have given the matter no at
tention, but I suppose it will get
to me when the rest of them are
done with it. and then I will have
to act. I know nothing more about
the conditions of water rates than
I see in the papers."
C. H. ROWE.
"I think the water rates are suf
ficiently high now, but before I
vote on the matter I shall give It
thorough consideration, and may
then find that they are too high."
M. W. UPTON.
Mr. Upton is well known as a
financier, and it is understood by
his associates that he will take
nothing for granted but will inves
tigate for himself before forming an
opinion regarding the water rates.
W. D. HEITMANN.
"I have been fixing water rates
for about seven years, and I think
the present rates are about right.
I have always been in favor of low
rates. There is one doubt in my
mind, and that Is regarding the
possibility of the two companies
uniting and demanding a rate fixed
in accordance with the combined
values. We would have to get le
gal opinion on this matter. I am
for as low a rate as we can get. If
the companies collected a full legal
rate I think they would derive a
sufficient revenue from their In
vestment."
A. FIBUSH.
"I know nothing at all about this
•water question, but think we should
he- fair and just to all parties. I
am now. as I have always been, in
the interests of the people. I do
not think we should fight corpora
tions, for that is what is hurting
Oakland now, and if we continue to
drive them away we shall soon be
in a bad fix. The water question
will come before the Council after It
has been through the hands of the
committee, and then I have but one
vote. I have no fight except for the
best interests of the people."
C. H. BROSNAHAN.
'I don't know that an attempt
will be made to raise the water
rates. No one has said a word to
me about it. I think the companies
are to blame if they are losing
money, for it is a well-known fact
that they are not living up to the
rates allowed by the ordinance. I
think the rate fight between the
companies has hurt Oakland more
than anything that has ever been
done. The people are always try
ing to get something for nothing out
of corporations. I think the Council
Is disposed to be fair to everybody
and I think we will investigate mat
ters for ourselves. I don't know
whether the rates are too low or
not. This matter of rate-cutting
should be stopped."
J. D. HENNEBERRY.
"I think there is too much talk for
nothing. I don't know that the wa
ter companies will try to raise the
rates. It will be time enough to
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
talk about it when an attempt is
marie to raise the rates. I don't
think the Council will stand a raise
put I think there are same injus
tices in the prevailing: rates. In mv
opinion, we have no leg-al rates'"
The law says that the City Council
must fix the rates during the month
of February. The last City Coun
cil failed to do this, and the present
Council fixed the rates in March. In
my opinion, there are no legal rates.
I think It is an injustice to ask the
companies to put in hydrants in
outlying districts at the rate of Jl 75
per month. But I have nothing to
say about this until the matter
comes before the Fire and "Water
Committee next week. I am chair
man of the committee, and shall do
my part to have the rates adjusted
in February." *
B. C. CUYELLIER.
"The Council has no fight to
make on anybody. I think we will
have to base our action in the
water rate matter on our own in
vestigations and not on what some
body else has done. The old Coun
cil went in when there was a fight
against corporations, and especially
against the Contra Costa Water
Company. I think everything
should be fair to all parties con
cerned, and in order to have this
it will be necessary for whatever
committee the matter is referred to
to look into the question without
bias. The companies should have
an equitable income on a legitimate
investment. The companies should
NEW TO-DAY.
The murderer who. at dead of night,
creeps, stealthily out to bury the dead ana
mangled body of his victim inspires men
with horror and dread. There is a murderer
abroad who yearly slays one-sixth of all the
human race who go down to untimely deaths.
This dread monster is called consumption.
The approach of consumption is slow and
insidious. First there is a slight disorder
of the digestion. The appetite is poor and
the nourishing properties of the food are not
properly assimilated. The blood becomes
thin and impure. The body begins to starve.
Old tissues of the body are not properly re
placed by new. The lung tissues are not
properly nourished and are inert and half
dead. In this condition they offer a good
soil for the germs of consumption which
invade and attack them.
This operation is promptly reversed by
Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discovery. It
invigorates the digestion and appetite and
makes assimilation perfect. It builds up
and purifies the blood. It makes new and
healthy tissue to replace the old, inert mat
ter which it causes to be carried off. It
drives out all disease-germs. Thousands of
cases given up as hopeless have been cured.
Miss Laura Piersel, of Hast Bethlehem, Wash
ington Co.. Pa., writes : "I must write you tel
ling: you of the great bene6t derived from the use
of your ■ Golden Medical Discovery." Last sum
mer my friends thought I wcs surely goin£ into
consumption, and having tried doctors with no
satisfactory results and hearing your medicine so
highly spokeu at, I took one bottle. My cough
left me together with nil the distressing symp
toms, and in '."act the cure seemed almost mirac
ulous to all who saw me."
Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pellets are tfny,
sugar-coated granules that are an unfailing
and permanent cure for constipation.2
not be permitted to water their
valuation, neither should the valu
ation of the plant be cut below
what it is really worth. The whole
matter will have to be brought up
before a committee and thoroughly
investigated. We will try to do
right by the people and the com
panies with no fight to make on
anybody."
W..H. WATKINSON.
"I don't know anything about the
water, rate question. I have formed
my opinion regarding the matter.
I never cross a bridge until I come
to it. I have nothing to say in the
matter, as I have thought nothing
about it."
G. T. EARL.
"I haven't a thing to say about
this water rate matter. I don't
knew anything about the rates, and
I think I would be foolish to go on
record about something that I know
nothing about. It will be time
enough for me to express an opinion
when the matter conies before me
tor action."
F. GIRARD.
"I am for the people all the time.
I don't belong to either company,
and I am in favor of reducing
rather than raising the rates. I
think there is something up. and I
am glad The Call has drawn atten
tion to it. I don't want any more
people from tho water companies
coming to me to tell me what I
ought to do. There have been sev
eral already, and I am tired of it.
I am for the people, and shall do the
best for the people. I am sure there
Is no $6,000,000 worth of plant be
longing to either company, and if
they will charge what the law al
lows, they will get enough."
W. PRINGLE.
Mr. Pringle is an energetic young
man, who was put in the Council by
the younger element of Oakland,
and !t is believed that he will desire
an investigation before the rates
are fixed. He will not wish to make
a fight on the water companies, and
will work for a rate that will be
ialr.
DOG SHOW AWARDS.
Special Prizes Awarded for Bench
Exhibits at Sacramento.
SACRAMKN'i'O. Jan. 30— This after
noon the following special prizes were j
awarded In the dog show:
Best mustiff— A. P. Scheld's Duke.
Best Great Dane — J. Harmon's Marso.
Best rough-coated Kt. Bernard— Mrs. C. j
J. Saxe's King Menelik.
Best smooth-coated St. Bernard—Maz
zeni Bros.' Vienna.
Best greyhound — O'Connell & Flaherty's '
W. J. Bryan.
Beßt poiruor dog— Klmball & Upson'a
Dexter.
Best English setter— Dr. W. Wood's
Prince.
Best Irish Hotter— Miss Ethel E. ;
Grea< h's Queen of Kildare.
Best collie, dog— Beach Hill kennels*
Spartan.
pest collie, bitch— Beach Hill kennels'
Pcnsarn Ora.
Best hull terrier, dog, puppy — E. M. :
Simpson's Koyal Flush.
Best bull terrier— J. H. Bauneiie's
Scaldy Mike.
Best pointer puppy— George Neale's
Pattie N.
Best black cocker spaniel— H. A. Weg
cther's Polly Pastime.
Best cocker spaniel, other than black-
Miss Kthel K. Breach's Railette.
Best fox terrier, dog— Royal kennels'
Warrencraek.
Best fox terrier, bitch— Mrs. E. M.
Simpson's Golden Restless.
Best' English setter, bitch— Phil Wand's
Flora W.
Largest number of entries by a lady—
Ml.ss Delia Beach of San Jose.
Best California-bred collie dog— Beach
Hill kennels' Spartan.
Second best— O. J. Albc's Alton Clifton.
Third best— J. W. Mlnturn's Rob Roy.
Best California-bred collie bitch—Stew
art & Son's Schmoral.
Second best— O. J. Albe's Clifton Bonnie.
Third best— Beach Hill kennels' Loufra.
Was a Cousin of Polk.
BALTIMORE. Jan. 30.— Mrs. Mary Hol
ton died this afternoon at "The Mead
owa," the residence of her son, ex-Con
gressman Hart Bonton Holton. Mrs. Hol
ton was in her ?4ih year, and was a cou
sin of President James K. Polk.
THE RUSH
NOW ON IN
EARNEST
Continued from First Page.
reason the Al-K! took up from Juneau
a number of Indians to put out the
cargo. She tied up at Skaguay at an
unexpected time, during the short day
light hours. The white men ashore im
mediately objected to the Indians. A
cry went from the dock of "50 cents an
hour and no Indians." Carcasses of
hogs were pushed from the shoulders of
the Indians as they carried them
ashore. •
One noble red man, enraged at the
interference of the whites, hurled a 175
pound hog into the crowd, knocking
down several men. A free fight was
precipitated by this act. First Officer
McCarthy Jumped ashore, jerked off his
coat and offered to whip the whole
crowd If they would come at him one
at a time. He was set upon by several
men at the same time, and the Indian
who threw the hog was in the midst of
a furious gang of longshoremen. The
Indian, name unknown, was beaten
nearly to death. His blood stained the
planks of the dock. McCarthy came off
without a scratch. The second officer
and the boatswain jumped to his as
sistance and they cleaned out the
crowd. Purser Bush, off watch, took
a hand in the melee in a manner which
showed he knows soM*thing in addi
tion to figures and the business of the
ship. The outcome of a very lively al
tercation wa* a compromise, in which
the Indians were permitted to work at
one hatch.
The crowd of ship? and the bad
weather have started the list of casu
alties. Good Fortune smiled on the
start, but she will likely frown on the
finish. The Al-Ki ran aground on a
mud flat near Pyramid Harbor. In
Lynn Canal, In furious weather during
which the now fell so thick as to ob
scure the outlook. Not even the tops
of the mountains could be seen. The
Al-Ki was formerly a whaler. She has
a heavy wood hulk. That saved her.
and her crowded passengers arrived In
Dyea without the loss of a man. In
her position any other ship would prob
ably have gone to pieces.
The steamship George W. Elder, from
Portland, lost her bearings and went
hard aground in Lynn Canal during
a snow and windstorm on her last trip
up. She got off safely. She lay on a
level, soft bottom, which is very ex
ceptional in Alaskan waters, and that
fact prevented a repetition of the ca
tastropho which befell the Mexico.
This week or next there Is to be a
general shaking up of captains on Pa
cific Coast Steamship Company boats
and many changes. Captain Carroll of
the Queen and Corona has resigned, to
go- into the Klondike transportation
business. He has been commodore of
the Alaska fleet.
The young Chicago boy with the
frozen and amputated feet, whn was
deserted on the down-river trail by his
stepfather, is making a profitable thing
of his misfortune. He is now lying in
a cabin one mile and a half on the treat
side of Five Finger Rapids, a.iO re
sponding to a sign, many outcoming
miners leave him a contribution. "Nlg
ger Jim" Daughtery, for Instance, who
went below a few days ago on the
steamship City of Seattle, gave him
|f>o. The boy has lost his legs, but if
he remains on the trail ho will gain at
least a small Klondike of contribu
tions.
A very touching tragedy which has
California connections has occurred on
the White Pass. Father Winter has
killed a San Luis Obtepo boy. Daniel
Lopez left Skaguay on the morning of
January 11 with a dog and sled. He
was bound fur Lake Bennett. He had
cotton underclothing, was not physi
cally strong and was warned by Judge
Abrahams and others against attempt
ing the trip. The next day. Thursday.
after his departure, he was found lying
in the drifting snow on the summit of
the pass, his tent partially -tilled over.
He was found by W. A. Blgelow and
Tim Creeden, who saw he was deliri
ous. Lopez drew a revolver and or
dered them to keep away from him.
Creeden and Blgelow were bringing in
from Lake Tagish the rheumatic crip
ple. Miss McDougal, who eloped from
Seattle with a Klondiker, and could
not immediately do anything for him.
They made him as comfortable as pos
sible. Rescuers were sent back to take
him to a cabin, but before they reached
the cabin he died. The body was
brought to Skaguay and will be in
terred here. He was a member of the
Young Men's Institute of Ran Luis
Obispo and papers in his possession in
dicated that he had been requested to
write for the San Luis Obispo Tribune,
a morning newspaper. He owned one
of the best lots on Broadway and also
some other property. Judge Abrahams
applied for letters of administration
of the estate he left.
HAL HOFFMAN.
WILL TAKE RELIEF SUPPLIES.
Steamship George W. Elder to Carry
the Government Expedition.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 30. — The
steamer Elwood. laden with Govern
ment equipments and forage for the
Alaska relief expedition, is lying at the
wharf at Vancouver Barracks, ready to
transfer her freight to the steamer
George W. Elder, when she arrives
from Alaska to-morrow. The Elder is
scheduled to sail again on February 1.
She will carry the escort of Bixty en
listed men and 150 tons of supplies, and
the steamer Signal, which sails from
Seattle on February 7, will carry HO
pack animals, twenty-four men and a
portion of the relief supplies.
General Merriam, commanding the
Department of the Columbia, has de
cided upon landing the entire expedi
tion at Dyea, and pushing forward over
the Chilkoot Pass as fast as possible.
He has notified the Chicago Snow and
Ice Transportation Company, which
has the contract to transport supplies
from Dyea to the interior, that Its
train must be ready to receive freight
by February 15 at Dyea.
General Merriam is working out a
plan to ascertain the number of people
and the amount of supplies that will
enter Alaska this summer. Speaking
of this matter to-day, he said:
"From present indications, a greater
reli'f expedition will be needed next
winter than this winter. Hundreds are
already embarking for the gold fields
without nif.-re than sufficient supplies
to last diirlns the summer's pro/spect
ing. It appears that thousands more
are on the way in a similar condition.
While many may come out at the end
of the season, others will stay with the
hope of purchasing supplies. The re
sult may be disastrous. Therefore, it is
TIIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. MONDAY, JANUARY 31, 1898.
my opinion that the Alaskan detach
ment rtt the army could not be better
employed than in watching the trails
and tallying the men and provisions
passing to the interior. The Govern
ment would then have definite Informa
tion as to whether there would be want
or suffering in the Alaskan territory
next winter."
Because of conditions which may
arise to alter the present arrangement.
General Merriam will go in person, at
least v far as Chilkoot Pass, to direct
operations.
BEARS SECRET DISPATCHES.
Newspaper Correspondent Wells Will
Hasten to Washington.
SEATTLE, Jan. 30.— Five Klondikers
arived in Seattle to-night. Four came
on the steamship Al-Ki and one on the
Rosalie. The latter is E. H. Wells, a
representative of several Eastern pa
pers, who was the latest to leave Daw
son, having started out December 20.
Mr. Wella is the bearer of important
and strictly confidential dispatches
from Captain Ray at Fort Yukon to the
War Department at Washington. The
burden of secrecy imposed upon him
may be judged from the fact that he is
not at liberty to give even an intima
tion of the nature of these dispatches
to the very papers which he represents.
It Is inferred here that the dispatches
Bear on the food situation in the North
west Territory and the importance of
an adequate national guard on the Yu
kon.
The most important news item
brought out by Mr. Wells is that Major
Walsh, the Canadian Gold Commis
sioner at Big Salmon, issued positive
and peremptory orders that no Klon
dikers be admitted from the coast to
points on the Yukon in British terri
tory unless they were supplied with at
least 1000 pounds of food each, exclu
sive of tea and coffee. This order was
made effective January 15. Major
Walsh since that date turned back :i
few people and many others now cross
ing the divide will be stopped by him.
Mr. Wells declares that the number
that have come out over the trails is
less than has been supposed; further
more that only 401 persons had passed
Major Walsh up to January 15 on their
way out to the coast, whereas it was
currently believed In Dawson that at
least 1000 people had left their camp to
come out.
In common with many of the best-in
formed men who have recently come
out of the Klondike, Mr. Wells is very
positive in his conviction that the sup
ply of food will run extremely low
along the Yukon before th* ice breaks
in the spring so- as to admit passage of
steamers up from St. Michael. While
he is very conservative in his state
ments, he asserts that if no food supply
is carried in there will be positive suf
fering, not only at Dawson but along
the Yukon and on the trail.
The four Klondikers who arrived on
the Al-Ki were: Homer Morris <f Chi
cago; George Barrick, cripple Creek,
Colo.; S. A. James, Kansas City, and J.
E. Dousey, Stamford, Conn. They left
Dawaoa <>n December 14. They report
that between l'.O and 200 men will ar
rive here from Dawson within the next
six weeks. When they left they sold
their provisions at an average of eighty
cents a pound. Dousey carried a sack
of nuggets weighing thirty-five pounds.
PICKS FOR GOLD SEEKERS.
New Invention Being Manufactured
by Blacksmiths at Monterey.
MONTEREY. Jan. 30.— The fact that
sleds and snowshoes intended for use in
Alaska are being built In a town like
Monterey is causing much surprise and
now being made the Whitcombs have
l'.rothers is a center of interest. This
shop has become, temporarily, a sort
of prospectors outfitting establishment,
for besides the snowshoes and sleds
now being made the Whitcombs have
invented an improved miner's pick that
is raj.idly coming into favor. This pick
differs from the usual pick in that an
iron band the width of the handle
passe* over the end of the handle and
about live inches up each side to form
a loop at the end, into which the pick
is slipped. The band is securely bolted
to the wood, which is lighter than an
ordinary pick handle and an iron key
that is inserted into the loop with the
pick holds the latter firmly in place.
The points of the pick are made so that
they can be sharpened at an open fire.
The sleds are of the genuine Eskimo
style, strong and light, seven feet long
and sixteen inches wide to track with
i snowshoes. and capable of carrying a
| load of 800 or 1000 pounds. They are
! made of hickory instead of spruce
(spruce is usually used in the Alaskan
sleds) and have runners and bra< >-s orf
i the finest chilled steel. Each sled
■ when completed does not exceed thirty
, nine pounds in weight.
TRAMWAY OVER CHILCOOT.
Time Between Tidewater and the
Lakes Considerably Shortened.
TACOMA, Jan. 30.— Hugh C. Wallace,
president of the Chilcoot Railroad and
Transportation Company, has advices
of the completion of the company's
aerial tramway over Chilcoot Pass in
Ah' ska. The company's system is a
railroad from Dyea to Canon City;
thence a system of aerial tramways
over Chllooot Pass to Lake Linder
man. This marks a new era for Klon
dike travel. The time between tid.-
water and the headwaters of the Yu
kon River is shortened from a month
to one day, besides removing peril and
hardship.
The ii.mpany made a contract last
night with the Canadian Government
at 15 cents a pound for transporting all
its freight for the mounted police from
Dyea to Lake Linderman.
Off to the Gold Fields.
VTBATrTA. Jan. 30.— Five young and vig
orous men. several of them skilled car
penters, left here for the Klondike to-day.
They will purchase their outfits In San
FrmncteOO and leave there February 10.
Two days ago two other men and twelve
dogs left here for the Klondike. This is
the ilrst time citizens of Vlsalia have
started for the gold fields since the rush
began. A number of others will soon fol
low.
Rare Books and Relics Burned.
MAYSVILLE. Ky.. Jan. 30 — Maysville
was visited to-day by the most destruct
ive fire in the history of the city. The
Washington Opera House and the MaWM
County library building, full of rare
books and pre-historic relics. were
burned and a number of business houses
more or less damaged. The total loss will
approach $50,000.
Injured by a Fall.
SALINAS. Jan. 30.— David Jeffrey and
John "Wltcher were driving this after
noon n<-.tr town, when their carriage
struck a rock on the road, causing Jef
frey to be thrown with great violence to
the ground. He struck on his head, cut
ting the scalp open and fracturing the
skull. As he is 05 years of age, his re
covery Is doubtful.
Peasants Fight the Troops.
ATHENS. Jan. 30.— Seyfullah Pasha,
with 2uoo poldlers and two guns, recently
went to the village of Lazarlna. near
Trikhala, to enforce the payment of
t;ix<s. The peasants met the troops and
jui engagement ensued. Next day the at
tack was renewed with results not yet
known here.
FAST TRIP OF
THE COLUMBIA
Breaks the Record From
San Francisco to
Portland.
Voyage Completed in a Few
Seconds Over Forty-Eight
Hours.
Remarkable Time Made Despite
Stoppage Delays Aggregat
ing an Hour.
Ep*clal Dispatch to The CalL
PORTLAND, Dr.. Jan. 30.— The Ore
gon Railway and Navigation Com
pany's steamship Columbia blew her
big whistle and slowed down to land at
her dock in this city at 10:27 this morn
ing, completing the fastest trip on rec
ord between San Francisco and Port
land.
This remarkable performance was not
the shaving of a few minutes and sec
onds from the record, but the best pre
vious time made was beaten by over
an hour, and the ocean trip from San
Francisco to Portland lacked but a few
seconds of being reduced to an even
two days. Her time was forty-eight
hours and thirty seconds, an hour of
which was consumed In stops.
The Columbia pot away from her
dock in the Bay City at 10:09 a. m. Fri
day, and for the first 300 miles by the
coast steamed along easily over a calm
sea, Captain Conway preferring to put
in the time in this way rather than to
crowd the steamer, get up off the Co
lumbia at midnight in thick weather,
and then be obliged to wait until morn
ing to enter the river. The glass in
dicated better weather, as the steamer
neared the Oregon line, so it was decid
ed t" let her out a little, after she had
reeled off about 300 miles at an easy
gait. A southerly breese sprang up
about this time and aMed the efforts
of Chief Engineer Jackson in hurrying
her along at a lively rate.
The steamship was off the- Columbia
River lightship at 1:16 this morning,
enveloped in a thick fog, which prom
ised to spoil all the prospects for a fast
run. but after a wait of twelve minutes
the fog cleared up sufficiently to enable
Captain Conway to get his bearings,
and he brought her in without further
delay, reaching Astoria at 3:20. and
proceeding to Portland after a delay of
forty-one minutes.
NICARAGUA MAY
BE CALLED DOWN
Has Not the Right to Grant
Concessions for Canals
and Railways.
Violates the Agreement Formally
Entered Into With ?h« Maritime
Company.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Jan. %f.— A Washington
>;ttf i:i! to the Herald says: If the Niear
aguan Government should contract with
a foreign syndicate for the construction
of railroad and steamship lima across its
territory, v rias been indicated, such ac
tion would, authorities say, be in viola
tion of the terms of the concession grant
ed to the Maritime Canal Company and
would probably lie resented by the Uniud
State?.
Article 5 of the concession to the Marl
time Company provides that "the State
binds itself not t> make any subsequent
concessions for the opening of a canal
between the two oceana during the t> rm
of the present concession (ninety-nine
years), and also to abstain from granting
concessions for ;i railroad such as might
compete with the canal for the transport
ation of merchandise during the same pe
riod; but nothing in this article shall pre
vent the Government of Nicaragua from
constructing or permitting the construc
tion of such railways as It may deem ad
visable for commerce and internal traf
fic."
This same article provides that "said
Government shall also nave the right to
construct or permit the construction of
an Interoceanlc railway. If in coarse of
time it be demonstrated that the canal is
not sufficient to satisfy the demands of
t raffle <>f all nations."
Advocates of the canal, however, say
that this provision cannot become applic
able until after the canal has been built
and haa proved incapable of handling the
traffic. Friends of the canal say the first
portion of this article shows clearly that
Nicaragua has not the right to make any
such concession.
ATTEND A BANQUET
AND A BULL-FIGHT.
Consul-General Lee and Officers of
the Maine Are Well Enter
tained at Havana.
HAVANA. Jar. Wk— This morning Unit
ed States Consul -General Lee gave a ban
quet at the Havana Yacht Club House at
Mariano Reach to the officers of the
United States warship Maine. The guest*
of the occasion were Captain Sigsbee,
Lieutenants Catlin. Jolman, Hood and
Jungen; Chaplain Chadwlck. Paymaster
Llttlefield. Dr. Heneberger. Chief Engin
eer Howell and Cadets Holden and Boyd,
Of Washington.
The company included also several well
kaowa resident* and representatives of
the English and American press, Messrs.
Atkins. Caldweli. Halstead, Hilgot, Lane.
l'< H><t md Scovel.
Consul-tit-ii'-ral l.oe presided, assisted
by Vice-Consul General Springer. The
former proposed "Captain Bigs»bee and
the Splendid Ofllcers of the Maine."
Captain Bigabee resj>onded. and then
proposed "The United States and General
FltzhUo'h Lee, Its Representative in
Cuba."
There wprp no other toasts. Consul-
General !>•••, Vli'p-c,>nsul-General Sprint? -
er and another members of the party dis
tributed alms among a number of poor
people whom curiosity had attracted to
th<- club house.
After the banquet several officers of the
Maine witnessed a bull-tight, a box hav
ing been provided for tnem by Acting
< aj-tain-General I'arado. The attraction
*U Mazzatini, Spain's most celebrated
bull-fighter.
Gladstone's Failing Health.
CANNES. Jan. 30.— Mr. Gladstone has
kept his bed the entire day. He passed
a restless night, and there was a return
of his neuralgia. His physicians called
during the night and again this morning.
When this dispatch is sent to-night Mr.
Gladstone is reported as feeling much
relieved.
Crushed in a Freight Wreck.
KENT. Ohio. Jan. 30.— The engine of a
Baltimore und Ohio freight train was
derailed lu-r»- last night. The locomotive
and eleven cokerurs were piled in a h-ap.
Engineer Qeorre Huffman wan crushed
to death, and Fireman W. O. Glidow was
terribly cut about the head. Both men
belonged at Chicago.
Counsel in the Boundary Dispute.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 30— Mr. Severeo
[allet-Prevost of New York, a member
of the firm of Curtis. Mallet-Prevost &
Colt, has boon retained by the Govern
ment of Venezuela as junior counsel bo
fore the arbitration tribunal to determine
the boundary line between Venezuela and
British Guiana.
PRESIDENT PATTON
DEFENDS STUDENTS.
Bears Testimony to the Higrh Moral
Tone at Princeton, but Utters
a Warning Against Drink.
PRINCETON. X. J.. Jan. ML— A few
'lays ago President Francis L. Patton an
nounced that he would address the under
graduate body to-day upon the subject
of temperance. As a consequence, Mar
quand Chapel was crowded at 5 o'clock
to-day. In the audience were several
signers of the Princeton Inn liquor li
cense, among them Grover Cleveland,
Professor Charles Woodruff Shields,
whose resignation from the Presbyterian
church was caused by criticism growing
out of h!s signing the petition, and Pro-
X Bor Charles Greene Rockwood. Dr.
Patton said in part:
"I bear testimony to the high moral
tone of the students of this university. I
know that they have been misrepresent
ed and misunderstood. Their hilarity,
their boisterous outbreaks of exuberance,
their songs, which often have a more
Bacchanalian sound than I would wish,
and, in some Instances, their inexcusable
acts of wrongdoing have produced im
pressions which the facts will not justify:
and they have on many occasions been
charged with drunkenness for no other
reason than that under the influence of
tli.- gregarious instinct which sometimes
assumes an almost irrational mode of ex
pr.ssion anima! spirits have been allowed
too much freedom, and speech and action
have not been kept within those bounds
which mature men in the busy walks of
lire are apt to associate with sobriety.
But there was never less reason for
adverse criticism of Princeton than dur
ing the period in which it has been so un
sparingly bestowed upon us. I have tak
en pains to find out the truth and I am
still unshaken in mv conviction that the
tendency in Princeton Is steadily in the
direction of a diminished us.- of alcoholic
drinks. Still. I must not be blind to the
h anil aftf>r milking all allowance for
willful misrepresentation or mistake. T
am constrained to believe that there is
i r , more of what Is called moderate
drinking among us than the wisest and
best frineds of Princeton could wish, and
there are those among you who are put
ting th-ir future in peril by the excessive
use of intoxicating drink
REAR-ADMIRAL BRAINE
SUMMONED BY DEATH.
Close of the Career of a Gallant
Officer Who Fought in
Two Wars.
NEW YORK, Jan. 3*.-Rear-Admiral
Daniel Lawrence Braine died in Brooklyn
to-night.
Rcar-Ailmirai Daniel Lawr^nrp Braine
■••rn in Now York and was ap
pointed midshipman from Texas on May
3d. IS4O. Il»- venred during the Mexican
War in the borne squadron, and was
present at the capture of Alvarado, Ta
baaco, Quespan Laguna, Tampieo and
Yera Cruz.
When the Civil War occurred he vr&a
ordered to command the Ifoaileello of
tho North Atlantic blockading squadron.
He was commissioned lieutenant-com
mander on July 15, ISO. During 1862-64
be «as in nameroua engagements with
Forts Fisher and CaSWell. Besides the
Monttcello, during this p<riod lie was in
command of th* Vlcksburg ami I^quot;
the latter lie commanded durinp the at
tacks on Fort Fisher. He commanded
the Junlata, European station, in !^74-7'..
and was promoted commodore in March.
nd put Upon special duty at New
York and was promoted rear-admiral in
September, 1887, and was retired by
operation of law in Utt.
While Commodore Hraine" was in the
Junlata he went north to foot for the
Polaris, and from t!>is ship Lieutenant de
Long went to Cap.- York in. the steam
cutler. Durinpr tN> same commission the
Juniata received at Santiago de Cuba
ovi r luO of the Virpinius prisoners.
DEATH OF GENERAL
SIR DANIEL LYSONS.
Made a Brilliant Record in the Brit
ish Army and Became Constable
of the Tower of London.
LONDON. Jan. PA— General Sir Daniel
T.ysnns, constable of the Tower of Lon
don 6ince IM*>. is dead.
General Lysmis. who was promoted to
that rank In 1579, was born at Rodmar
tln. Gloucestershire, August 1. isi6. He
was a son of the Rev, Daniel Lorsons, and
was educated at Shrewsbury; In 18M he
entered the First Royals and served
through the Canadian rebellion of 1838.
Fi\.- years later be was wrecked on the
transport Premier, mentioned in the dis
patches and promoted to the rank of cap
tain in the Third West Indian Regiment.
li<- served throughout the Crimean war.
commanding the Second Rrigade Light
Division, winning the Legion of Honor,
Turkish and Sardinian niedals and the
tlilru class sfedjtdle. He was sent to or
ganize the Canadian militia at the Trent
affair in ls*U. and subsequently command
ed barracks at Malta.
RESIGNS AS A REBUKE
TO WYOMING'S SENATORS.
Republican Chairman Hay Depre-
cates Their Vote for the
Teller Resolution.
CHEYENNE, Jan. 30.— State Treasurer
Henry G. Hay to-day tendered his reslg
nation as chairman of the Republican
Central Committee, for Laramie County
because of the vote of the Wyoming Sen
ators. Warren and Clark, for the Teiier-
Ma thews silver resolution. In resigning
he says:
"The position taken by our Senators In
dicates that it is their Intention to force
the Republicans of this State into a po
sition antagonistic to McKlnley. the na
tional Republican party and the St. Louis
platform, and a large majority of them
cannot be so forced.
The resignation is believed to be the
commencement of a fight for supremacy
in the Republican party of the State be
tween the gold standard advocates, un
der the leadership of ex-Senator Carey,
and the bimetal lists under Senators War
ren and Clark.>. who now control the
State organization.
ONTARIO'S FRUIT SHIPMENTS.
Crops Damaged but Little by Frost,
and the Demand Is Heavy.
ONTARIO. Jan. Ml— Now that the ap
parent cnl.l spell is over the various
packing homes la this vicinity are in full
blast and hurrying can of oranges and
lemons eastward as fast as they can. A
conservative estimate, gathered from
various sources, of the loss by the late
low temperature places it generally at
about o per cent of the present crop, and
at the outside not over 10 per cent. Of
course, it must be remembered that it
was from this favored section that a
great many carloads of fruit wore hur
ried eastward prevtOMS to the holidays,
and what remained was not more th'rtn
half of the ordinary crop, so that the
estimate of the loss based on the Whole
crop would thus be rut in two and its
actual proportion to the whole crop made
insignificant.
Strikers Are Encouraged.
NEW BEDFORD. Jan. 30— The third
week of the strike will begin to-morrow
with no nearer prospects of a settlement
than were apparent three weeks ago.
Some of the collectors who have been
at work in neighboring cities returned
Saturday, bringing satisfactory reports,
at whlrh the members of the general
strike committee are much encouraged.
The union weavers will receive strike pay
to-morrow.
Seven Prisoners Escape.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo.. Jan. 30.— Seven pris
oners confined in the Buchanan County
Jail escaped last night by climbing over
the cells in the woman's ward and crawl
ing through a trap door In the roof of
the jail. A garden hose, which had been
left in the jail, was used by the prisoners
in clearing the roof. Two of the men are
under indictment for highway robbery.
To Cure a Cold If) One Day
Take Laxative Bromn Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money if it fails to cure.
25c. The genulnr ban L. B. Q- on each tablet.
AFTERMATH OF
THE SLAUGHTER
Coming Trial of Officers
Who Shot Down
Strikers.
Attorneys Engaged to Aid in the !
Prosecution of Sheriff
and Deputies.
In Defense It Will Be Claimed That
They Merely Carried Out Their
Sworn Duty.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WILKESBARRE, Pa., Jan. 30.— The
case of Sheriff Jamefl Martin and his
eighty deputies, charged with murder
and felonious wounding of a score of
striking miners at Latimer, this county,
September 10 last, will be called for
trial in the Criminal Court next Tues
day, February 1. It is expected that
the trial will last a week and it may be
longer before a verdict is reached. Dis
trict Attorney Martin will be assisted
in the prosecution by Joseph M. Gar
man, Chairman of the Democratic State
Committee, and John McGuthrin. They
are employed by the relatives of men
who were killed.
John T. Lenahan, one of the leading
criminal lawyers of this section ot the
State, will be senior counsel *jr th% de
fense. The first battle will be over the
selection of a Jury. More than a hun
dred witnesses have been subpenaed,
but not all of them will be heard.
The ci.-mmon wealth will claim that
the strikers were only exercising their
rights as American freemen when they
marched on the public highway un
armed. It will be contended that they
were not lawless, that they had offered
no personal violence to anyone, and
that they were not bent on destroying
property. The lawyers for the prosecu
tion will quote decisions from the
higher courts to show that such a body
of men had a right to- move on the
public highway while engaged in a
peaceful mission. On the other hand,
counsel for the defense will charge that
the strikers were riotous; that they
were armed, and that their intention
was to destroy property. They will call
witnesses to show that the people liv
ing in the strike district were fearful
fur their liv.-s and that some of them
moved away for safety. It will also
be shown that the Sheriff had come in
conflict with the strikers at Hazelton
on the morning of September 10, ami
that he then and there warned them
by reading the riot act that they were
violating the law and that they should
disperse and go to their homes. In
stead of accepting this advice they
jeered the officer of the law and pro
ceeded cm their march to Latimer.
The Latimer mine was in operation,
the employes had no grievance so far
as known, and it will bo averred the
only object the strikers could have had
in going there was to intimidate the
men. The owners of the mine had ap
pealed to the Sheriff to protect their
property, and in attempting to do- his
sworn duty in the matter his deputies
came in conflict with the strikers and
bloodshed was the result. The defense
will contend that this was the most
natural thing In the world, and that,
under the circumstances, it would be a
travesty of justice to hold the officers
of the law guilty of murder.
Rumor of Dervish Advance.
LONDON. Jan. 30.— A dispatch to the
F»riily News from W»dy Haifa, on tho
Nile, near tho second cataract, says there
are unconfirmed reports that the Der
vishes under Osman Digrna. the principal
genera] of the Khalifa, have commenced
an advance.
SLOAN TO ARRIVE THIS WEEK.
Two Eastern, Turfmen Get In — En
tries for To-Day's Running
Events.
The mighty James Tod Sloan will ar
rive this week and the racing game will
receive fresh impetus. Tod will bring
with him all of his old-time skill and a
few new "twists" picked up over in Eng
land. Ho will- be welcomed with out
stretched arms, for most of the talent
now riding at the tracks is decidedly
rusty and uncertain. George Whcelock,
the well-known Eastern bookmaker, ac
companied by Fred Cowan, a wealthy ad
mirer of the turf, dropped in from the
East last evening and will probably take
a hand in the game to-day.
The card for this afternoon is a very
commonplace one. The entries are as
follows:
First race, three and a half furlongs; two
year-olds.
£A 6 Gold Scratch ..114 ... Semicolon 118
BM Ollnthus US 606 Milt Young ...114
... Sevens 115 ... Acortia 115
... Royal Fan .-..11.". 506 Sir Urlan 105
KOfi Prince Will ...114 t4sS) Also Ran 11.
60S Cambist HI 1 form'ly Also Ran. l2l
Second race, seven furlongs; selling.
602 Attlcus 10$ (517) Joe Terry ins
f.05 Charmlorf .'.103 512 Kaf.iola 100
259 Queen Sane MB fill Little Cripple.. 105
:■ 2 Coupon 111 I"" 1 - ;.O9 Benamela 108
r.07 Charlemagne ..102 516 Jack Martin.. . .105
M>2 Heidelberg MB M G.*o. Miller 105
(507) Treachery IQS :'.'>:. Doyle 105
M H Q Ban 10S! '■•'" Harry Gwynn. .105
Third race, seven-eighths of a mile; celling.
604 Dick Behan....loS 471 Walter J in
400 Peril IPS 5:6 Miss Ross MS
(516) Kamsln 110 601 Olive 11l
471 Pollfh 109(511 Hermanita ....10$
509 Amelia Fon3O..loS| 504 O'Fleta 110
AW Arri-naut 1"" 602 Meadow Lark. .JOß
(471) Judge Stouffer.lo7 463 Velox ._ 107
Fourth race, one Mile.
(07 silver 5tate. ...1031 503 Libertine 114
500 Imp. Tripping.. lo4 (492) Geyser 109
443 Buckwa 1171
Fifth race, seventh-eighths of a mile, v three
year-olds: handicap.
(510) Marplot .106 4*5 Blnrneystone ..104
510 I -on Prietos 103 011 Glorian 102
(501) Official ...103 (r.13) George Lee <*S
501 Gotobed 94 516 Chihuahua 93
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles: sell
ing.
(4*«) Hazard 104 (504) Myth 107
501 Osric II :..107 497 Tulan? 104
432 Rey del Tlerra.lo2: 327 Alvln E 104
612 The Dragon 107
TO-DAY`S SELECTIONS.
Flr>t race— Olinthus. Milt Young, Also Ran.
Second race— Joe Terry, Benamela, R. Q.
Ban.
Third race— Kamsln. Ju<lp<» Stouffer, Polish.
Fourth race— Geyser, Buckwa, Imp. Trip
pl'.r.K
Fifth rare— Ontobod, Marplot. George Lee.
Sixth race -Myth. Tntare, Osrle 11.
Christian. Socialism.
The committee having: chargre of the ar
ranpements for the lecture to be .delivered
under the auspices of Golden Gate Council
No. 34, Y. M. 1., by Rev. D. J. Mahony.
S. J.. has selected Hon. Frank J. Murasky
to act a.s chairman of the evening. The
U'l'ture will be in Metropolitan Templ<\
on Tuesday evening February 1. The
subject is "Christian Socialism"" Tickets
are now ready for general distribution,
and may be had upon application at the
office of the lecture bureau, room 424
Parrott building.
Father Yorke Will Lecture.
Next Wednesday evening Father Yorke
will deliver an address before the Trd|h
Society at St. Marys Cathedral. Bene
diction of the Blessed Sacrament will be
said immediately after and at the con
clusion of the lecture.
MOHICAN WILL
GO TO SAMOA
Natives of the Islands in
Need of an Object
Lesson.
Have No Respect for Uncle
Sam Owing to the Absence
of a Warship. .
Suggestions Made by Ex-Consul-
General Churchill Are Promptly
Acted. Upon.
m
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. 30.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
The American Hag will soon be dis
played in Samoan waters by a man-of
war. The vessel will be the Mohican,
which has been converted into a train
ing-ship. Since the arrival here of for
mer Consul-General Churchill, the
President and Assistant Secretary of
State Day have become convinced that
American interests demand that a
man-of-war shall visit Samoa. Mr.
Churchill has told them that the na
tives havff no respect for the American
Government because it has never sent
a man-of-war to support any steps for
the protection of American interests
which its representatives in Apia might
take.
Mr. Churchill reported an insult paid
to a man from Arizona, who had estab
lished a mission near Apia. He de
manded satisfaction, but the natives
laughed at him, and upon subsequent
occasions when he attempted to get.
satisfaction for some wrong committed
they taunted him with the outrage
committed upon the mission, and the.
further fact that he had received no
support from his Government in the
stand he had taken.
The natives have quite a different
feeling for the British and German
Governments. Each of these Govern
ments keeps one and sometimes two
cruisers in Samoan waters. The last
American warship to visit Apia was
the Alliance, which dropped anchor in
the harbor in 1593.
Upon the arrival of the Mohican in
Samoan waters it is expected that her
commanding officer. Commander G. M.
Book, will confer with Consul-General
Osborne in regard to steps to be taken
to create a deeper respect among the
natives for the American flag.
I understand that as a result of rep
resentations which have been made by
former Consul Churchill the adminis
tration may enter into negotiations
with the London and Berlin Govern
ments looking to an amendment of the
tripartite treaty under which Samoa is
governed. In the first place, Mr.
Churchill think? the salaries of Chief
Justice and other offifwrs appointed by
the three Governments in Samoa are
too high, and these may be scaled
down. There is no intention on the
part of the administration to abandon
the Interest of this Government in
Samoa, and Mr. Churchill does not
recommend it, although he says the
only reason why this Government
should continue its hold on the islands
is because it is morally bound to do so
by the course pursued in the past. Mr.
Churchill states that if the United
States were to withdraw from the
Samoa Islands they would be divided
up by Germany and Great Britain.
Ex-Governor Plaisted Dead.
BANGOR, Maine. Jan. 30.— Ex-Governor
Harris M. Plaistod died at 1:55 o'clock
this morning of Bright's disease.
WEAK MEN '
WEAK MEN
WEAK MEN ■ ;
WEAK MEN
If JuiilV lllliil
WEAK MEN
WEAK MEN
r^n WEAK MEN
■ * WEAK MEN
Li*ll weak men
A WEAK MAN HAS NO HEART TO DO
**■ anything well. No matter how ardently ha
wishes to succeed something will stop him.
for the reason that he has not the power to
bridge the river where It Is roughest.
Weak men don't succeed In life. Weak men
beget their weaknesses. They get it In a va-
riety of ways. They get weak through errors
In early life, through dissipation, late hours.
bad habits, whisky. These things do more
harm to our young generation than war, than
pestilence. They deprive the Individual of his
health and strength. Moderation tends to
longevity. Young man, you who are weak,
you who are debilitated, you have contracted
evil habits, beware of nervous or complete
prostration. If you are suffering from Nervous
Debility take the certain cure. It Is the Hud-
yan Remedy treatment.' If you are suffering
from Prostatorrhea the certain cure is the
Hudyan Remedy treatment. Hudyan can be
had only from the old Hudson medical doctor*.
HUDYAN CURES DISEASES AND DIS-
ABILITIES OF MEN ONLY.
Write to the doctors for CIRCULARS and
TESTIMONIALS or consult them free.
BLOOD POISON A certain cure for Blood
BLOOD POISON 2 Poison is the great 30-day
BLOOD POISON cure. The 30-day cure cures
I BLOOD POISON Blood Poison in -the first.
! BLOOD POISON secondary or tertiary state.
Consult the doctors or write for 30-day
BLOOD-CURE CIRCULARS.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
junction Stockton, Market and Ellis Streets, •
CONSULT THE HUDSON DOCTORS FREE
CONSULT THE HUDSON DOCTORS FREE
CONSULT THIS HUDSON DOCTORS FREE
CONSULT THE HUDSON DOCTORS FREE*
: CONSULT THE HUDSON DOCTORS FREe!
i ' "
Radway's Ready Relief for Sprains, Bruls
Bore Muscles. Cramps. Burn*. Sunburns Bar>l*
ache. Headache. Toothache. Rheumatism Neu-
(algla. Lumbago. Internally for all ' Bowel "
Pains, Colic. Diarrhoea. Dysentery rh n i»r. "
Morbus and Sickness, Nausea, etc All dru«-DELAY IS
THE PRESENT
PROGRAMME
Annexationists Now
Recognize Their
Weakness.
There Is No Prospect of
Ratifying the
Treaty.
Pettigrew Will Attempt to
Make a Telling Speech
in Open Session.
INTENDS TO SCORE DOLE
And Show the Utter Folly of Taking
in the Distant Hawaiian
Islands.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Call Office, Rlggs House,
Washington, Jan. 30.
The Senate proceedings for the week
•will open with a speech by Senator Pet
tigrew, dealing with the Hawaiian
question, which will be delivered Mon
day. Beyond this speech it is very dif
llcult to forecast the outlook for the
week. The diversion occasioned by tak
ing up the Teller bond resolution has
left the Senate m a somewhat disor
ganized and unsettled condition, and
with no pre-arranged programme. Sen
ator Pettigrew's speech will be made
during the morning hour, and the prob
abilities are now that at its conclusion,
or at least at 2 o'clock, one of the gen
eral appropriation bills will be called
up. The army and the legislative ap
propriation bills are already on the cal
endar, and the consideration of the
agricultural bill has been completed by
the committee, so that it will be reached
on Monday. The probability is that the
army bill will be the first of these mea
sures to receive consideration, though
there is some disposition to displace it
with the legislative bill. Senator Alli
son, chairman of the Committee on Ap
propriations, said to-day that it was
his purpose to have the appropriation
bills considered, in advance of other
measures, and if he adheres to this de
termination the week may be largely
taken up with them. So far as can be
seen now, there are few features in the
bills already reported calculated to
arouse discussion. There is a feeling in
certain quarters that the army bill
should be amended by a provision for
the increase of the army, and if such
a change should be attempted it would
give rise to very spirited debate.
In view of all the possibilities for
debate and delay involved in these seri
ous measures, it seems quite improb
able tha«. the Hawaiian treaty will re
ceive much attention, at least in exec
utive session, during the week. Still,
Senator Davis, Chairman of the Com
mittee on Foreign Relations, an
nounces it to be his purpose to move an
executive session for the consideration
of the treaty on Monday; but it is pos
sible that he may be intiuenced by
pressure from Senators who have other
measures requiring immediate atten
tion to postpone this motion foT a few
days. He does not, however, admit
euch a probability. There is a growing
impression that the friends of the
treaty feel that their safest course is
in delay, and this is the explanation of
the tactics bo far observed with refer
ence to it. There is excellent founda
tion for this surmise. They have made
a very thorough canvass of the Senate
and have not been able to discover
where they can get more than fifty
eight votes, whereas to ratify the
treaty they will have to have sixty.
They feel that even some of these flfty
eight are not entirely reliable. In view
nf these circumstances they realize that
nothing is to be lust by an informal
postponement, especially when it comes
naturally through the pressure of other
business, and some of them believe that
everything is to be gained by that
course.
Senator Pettigrew's determination to
discuss the Hawaiian question in open
session will have a tendency to take
the direction of the ratification resolu
tion out of the hands of the Foreign
Relations Committee, and it may prove
to be the opening wedge to a discussion
of the whole subject In open session.
His resolution declares it to be con
trary to the traditions of this country
to acquire any territory so situated as
to require a navy to protect it. This
is a basis broad enough for the dis
cussion of the whole subject, and it is
understood to be Pettigrew's inxention
to enter very fully into the question of
the condition of affairs In Hawaii. He
will deal with Mr. Dole's visit, and will
undertake to show that that gentle
rman was never elected President; that
the Constitution of the present Gov
ernment of Hawaii was never submit
ted to the people of that country, and
that, in fact, the who-le Government is
irregular. It is possible the objection
may be made to discussion of such sub
jects in open session in view of the pen
dency of the treaty, and Pettigrew not
allowed to proceed except behind closed
doors.
It is the intention of the House lead
ers to offset as far as possible the ac
tion of thp Senate in passing the Tel
ler resolution by killing that declara
tion of the sense of Congress, regarding
the payment of the Government's coin
bonds in silver, on a nay and aye vote
1 It Is Conceded |
That every intelligent American family should own $±
a good HISTORY OF THE UNITED STATES. The |I
■g essentials are that it be |^
■| POPULAR, vet a High Authority, IN SCOPE, Comlna Down to Our Own Time. §*
FULLj Impartial, Accurate. ILLUSTRATED Abundantly and Carefullu. §■
■| In a Word, ADEQUATE. |b
§ There has been no one history which Sucn a work h *s just been finally com P ieted-a §■
W § — t — NEW GREAT STANDARD— and it will be offered * B
■g combines all these reanirements. on Wednesda y through call ciubs, and nowhere § i
I ft !» i else. vB
■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■'■ '■ ■■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ig giim m '^y-'ii
in the House this week. This will he
the feature of the proceedings. While
the full Republican strength in the
House cannot be combined against the
resolution, no doubt is expressed by
those who have made it their business
to canvass the situation that the ma
jority against it will be decisive. As
soon as the resolution is reported back
from the Ways and Means Committee,
which may be to-morrow, the Rules
Committee will bring in a special order
for its consideration. The time allowed
for debate is likely to be brief, as the
leaders do not believe there is any
necessity for protracted debate, and
moreover a long discussion w.>uld
measurably decrease the very purpose
they have in view-— namely, a prompt
and decisive negative reply to the Sen
ate's declaration. The remainder of the
week will be devoted to the appropria
tion bills. The District of Columbia
bill Is still under discussion and the
fortifications bill is still on the calen
dar. The House leaders intend to give
appropriation bills the right of way in
order to make an early adjournment
possible. The moment the appropria
tion bills are out of the way the new
rules will be brought in. and after that
the contested elections cases and the
bankruptcy bill will be brought for
ward.
MURDERER IDENTIFIED
THROUGH A DREAM.
And Now the New York Police Will
Capture the Assassin Upon
His Arrival.
NEW ORLEANS. Jan. SO.— Chief of Po
lice Gaster telegraphed to-day to the
police. authorities of New York to arrest
Vincenzo Azarello, alias J. Kara, alias
Paola Latimo, who is aboard the steam
ship Creole, and hold him for the murder
of Rosario Cusimano here on January 19.
Cusimano was a Sicilian, and had consid
erable money. Azarello is his godfather,
and a desperate and dangerous criminal.
It is said he murdered nine persons in
Sicily, where he was a noted brigand,
lie persuaded Cusimano, who worked on
a sugar plantation, to visit him here,
killed the young man for his money, by
cutting his throat, packed the body in a
trunk and dumped it into Broad-street
canal. The police found the body, but
were unable to secure identification until
Rocco Cusimano, a brother of the mur
dered man. came forward. He said he had
dreamed that Rosario had been murdered,
and came to New Orleans from Sarpy to
examine the unknown corpse which had
been lying in the morgue here for over a
week, and whicn no one could identify,
although thousands of Italians had
viewed it. He was able to tell enough of
the story to cast suspicion on Azarello.
LAW PROTECTS
AN ASSASSIN
French Statute of Limitation
Gives a Murderer His
Freedom.
Confesses His Crime, but the Authori
ties Are Unable to Have Him
Punished.
Copyrighted 18?S by James Gordon I>nnett.
PARIS, Jan. 30.— Paris has a new sub
ject for conversation. The case is sen
sational both in its criminal and its legal
aspects. Some weeks ago a woman of
li^ht morals called Marie Bigot was mur
dered in her apartment In the Rue Pfern
le Grand. The aaffir was very mysteri
ous and morbidly Interesting, as the post
mortem proved that she had been the vic
tim of a peculiarly atrocious assault. The
murderer was searched for high and low.
but he could not be discovered.
Two days ago a police agent named Ro- |
dot was denounced as being the murderer ;
of Marie Jouin, a woman who was found !
assassinated in her room in 1883. Ha ama
arrested, as certain analogous circum- j
stances in the two murders led the police
to conclude that Rodoi must also be the
murderer of Marie Bigot. This he stren
uously denied. He, however, con:
to having murdered Marie Jouin in Utt.
But here comes a point that has creat
ed a feeling of stupefaction in I'aris. He
cannot lje touched for this crime, as the
statute of limitations fixes ten years as j
the period during which a criminal is lia-
Die to punishment for murder. It accord- i
Ingly steps in and protects him.
Rodot's accuser. It appears, was .a vag
abond named Frange. This man In
formed the police that Pierre Rodot,
whom he had known from childhood, had
boasted <>f having murdered Marie Jouin
and having stolen from her room 186
francs and a gold watch and chain. He
even showed him the watch and chain,
and out of the 300 francs repaid him a
loan of 30 francs. When confronted by
his accuser, Frange. Rodot strongly de
nied his guilt, but M. Cochefort. head of
the detective service, being struck by his
using the word "mailloche" (wooden mal
leU, which figures in the evidence taken
at the inquiry into the woman Jouln's
murder, made such clever use of It that
he elicited a full confession.
SIX OF THE STORMS
GANG ARRESTED.
Telling Evidence to Connect Them
With the Murder of Mrs.
Rathburn and Daughter.
BURLINGTON, la., Jan. 30.— Six mem
bers of what is known as the Storms
gang are now under arrest, charged with
complicity in the murder of Mrs. Rath
burn and her daughter. Blood stains
were found on the clothing of Storms,
the leader. A lad named Peterson to-day
told the polite he called at the home of
the Rathburns several week* ago and
found two men there. One of them, he
Hiiid, asked Mary Rathburn to fix his ti«,
arid the boy afterward identified the tie
found on the body of Mary Rathburn as
the one that had been called to his at
tentlon that night. The supposition if
that the girl tore the tie from her ns-
Ballant in the struggle for her life. Young
Peterson also picked out the man Storm*
from a number of prisoners and declared
ho was the man who wor<- tin- tie <>n
the night he called at the Rathlnirn
hcm<\ The police also say they have in
formation that throats were mad" by
members of the Storms gang against the
Rathburns.
♦
Secretary Alger Improves.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 30.— Secretary Al
gf-r's condition to-night is reported bet
ter. The fever which has been high
during the past few days has subsided
and to-day he was quite cheerful and
apparently stronger. He is not yet well
enough to >><• moved bo that his' depart
ure f,>r the South Is a matter of con
jecture. He will not leave for at least a
week.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 81, 1898.
UPHOLDS THE
COURAGE OF
THE JEWS
An Officer of High
Rank Writes to
De Cassagnac.
Calls Dreyfus a Wretch
and Reinach and Arton
Highwaymen.
At the Same Time Alludes to the
Bravery of Hebrews
in Battle,
REPLY OF L'AUTORITE.
It States That, Financially, France Is
at tha Mercy of the Men of
Dreyfus' Faith.
Copyright. 1898. by James Gordon Bennett.
PARIS, Jan. 30.— Paul de Cassagnac's
paper, L'Autorite, contributes to the
Dreyfus controversy to-day. This con
; tribution Is a letter he has received.
; The writer is an officer of high rank in
: the army. He is an Israelite and loy
; ally gives his name. The writer first
■ of all says he is a Jew, and that conse
i quently In writing to M. de Cassagnac
! he is dealing with an avowed enemy.
"Dreyfus is a miserable wretch," he
continues. "Relnach, Arton and others
are simply highwaymen, but Is our
community the only one that counts
suoh creatures among its numbers?
Would it not be possible, ■with this sort
of general argument, to condemn any
other religious, co-operative or ethno
logical group? Even for the Jew there
is something to be said. I would re
mind you that one of the first officers
to enter the breach at Malakoff was
Captain See, a Jew. I would remind
you that the last parellels were only
traced under the deadly fire of the Rus
sians, thanks to the coolness and fer
tile resources of another Israelite of en
gineers. Commandant Hinsten. I would
remind you that in this some campaign
one of the chiefs of the medical service
in that midst of cholera and typhus
was Dr. Michel Levy, and have you
read what General Ducrot, who was
anything but a Philo-Semlte, says in
his 'Defense de Paris' about Command
ant Franchetti, killed by hig side, and
about Commandant Cahen, and in our
last colonial campaigns, do you know
that three Jewish officers fell in the
Dahomey and Tonquin wars?"
This fairly summarizes the letter.
Paul de Cassagnac replies to it In
equal good faith. ."Right and Justice."
he says, "know no distinction. It would
not be worth while abolishing slavery
in Africa if it were to be established in
France, but how does the Jew recom
pense those who have received him
when driven out of Germany and Rus
sia? They are everywhere. They are
masters of the French treasury. In
fine morning on the Bourse they could
provoke the bankruptcy of the country.
Here is a national danger. The coun
try is at their mercy. It is easy for me
to recognize that there are excellent
and patriotic and estimable Jews. The
J»-ws have created a Palestine in
France, and soon they will try to ex
pel Christians, and the entire nation Is
animated with a brooding hatred for
the race that has provoked the Panama
scandal and has attacked our military
institutions."
STYLES THE POPULIST
PARTY A PLAGUE.
Congressman Charles Curtis' Speech
at a "Kansas" Day Banquet
in Topeka.
TOPEKA, Jan. 30— Kansas day. the an
niversary of the admission of the Sun
flower commonwealth into the Union, was
oberved by representative Republicans
of the State here last night at a banquet
given under the auspices of the, Kansas
Day Club. Fully 300 persons were pres
ent. W. Y. Morgan of the Hutchison
News, as retiring president, made the
annual address, delivering »a strong ap
peal for party fealty. Congressman
Charles Curtis, in replying to the toast
"Kansas," took occasion to condemn the
State administration of the Populist
party. He said:
"As sure as we are here to-night, the
time has come in Kansas for all who love
our State to suspend their dissensions,
unite In a common cause and thus nj
the State of the worst plague that has
ever infected it— the Populist party."
Governor A. P. Riddle spoke on "A
Talk to the Roys," and urged the neces
sity of a united Republican party. J R
Burton of Abilene spoke of "Party Obli
gations," and made a plea for partisan
politics.
"Of all the corrupting influences that
have ever appeared in American politics,
nothing," he said, "is so vicious as that
of fusion; nothing so tends to break
down principle and to encourage a strug
gle simply for place and power as does
fusion."
Poisoned Her Sister.
WOODSTOCK, N. 8., Jan. 30. -Mrs.
Panavan, of the parish of Kent, becoming
jealous of her sister, Minnie Tucker, pur
< based strychnine, steeped it in a decoc
tion of tea, and gave it to her sister, who
drank it, became ill and died. The Coro
ner'B jury accused Mrs. Canavan of mur
der, and she has been arrested.
Promoted to Consul-General.
BERLIN, Jan. 30.— Herr yon Rlchonau,
first scrr<<tary of the German legation at
Washing-ton, has b6M Momoted to the
rank of German Consul-ilin.ral at Sofia.
TRIUMPH
OF RUSSIA
IN CHINA
Even Japan Becoming
Friendly Toward
the Czar.
Great Britain's Backdown
Forces a Change
of Front.
China Willing to Make Any
Bargain to Appease
the Bear.
IS GIVEN A WARNING.
If Germany Gets Kiaochau Russia
Will Demand Talien-Wan or
Port Arthur.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Jan. 31.— The Odes
sa correspondent of the Times
says a volunteer fleet will con
vey In the quickest time practic
able 10,000 Russians to the Far
East. The first cruiser, with
2000 men, will leave within a few
days.
LONDON, Jan. 31.— A dispatch to the
Daily Mail from Shanghai says a pe
cret dispatch has been issued by the
Tsung-Li-Yamen to certain high offi
cials informing them that Russia
warned China that if Kiaochau were
granted to Germany Russia would de
mand either Talien-Wan or Port Ar
thur. According to the same dispatch
It is asserted at Shanghai on good au
thority that China consents to have
Russians at the head of her customs
and railways.
At the present moment, says the
Dally Mail's correspondent, there are
10,000 Russian troops in Talien-Wan
and Port Arthur. Russian agents have
been sent to Tl^n-Tsin (the port of Pe
king), and to Japan to purchase coal
and food, 5000 baps of which have been
bought at Tien-Tsln.
The Daily Mall this morning says it
learns from a source "hitherto accu
rate" that China is Inclined to mak?
the best possible bargain with Russia,
whose diplomacy appears to have tri
umphed at Peking, England having re
solved not to force a conflict by further
opposing Russia's claims at Port Ar
thur, and in the I.iao-Tung Peninsula.
Japan, says the D;iily Mail's authority
has been thrown irto a state of con
sternation by the H-ltish backdown,
and has adopted a it. ore friendly atti
tude toward Russia.
This statement, however, the Daily
Mail admits, is "incredible and prob
ably a bluff with a view of forcing
England to take decided steps." The
Dally Mail counsels its readers not to
be alarmed.
BERLIN, Jan 31.— Newspaper com
ment here Is all on the text of Eng
land's inglorious retreat, as Indicated
by the announcement of the Beriiner
Tageblatt that Russia and EnglarM
have arrived at an agreement whereby
England has consent. 1 to drop her de
mand for the opening of Talien-Wan
as a free port, and Russia waives fur
ther opposition to British control of the
Chinese sea coast ports.
The North German Gazette publishes
a Foreign Office announcement that all
applications to settle or open business
at Klaochau are premature, the regu
lations regarding the news here being
Incomplete.
The National Gaz -tte learns that
Turkey has given Russia permission to
send the Black Sea fleet through the
Dardanelles.
MEANS LESS PAY
FOR THEIR BEETS
Hawaiian Annexation Would
Be Disastrous to Nebraska
Farmers.
Sugar Manufacturers Will Be Com
pelled to Cut Rates If the Treaty
Is Adopted.
Special Dispatch to The <-aH.
OMAHA. Jan. 30.— The mnnufaotur*»rs
of beet supar In Nebraska have a serious
quarrel on thrtr hands with the producers
of sugar beets in the State. All the con
tracts of the company this year have a
clause Inserted to the effect that if the
Hawaiian annexation bill becomes a law
the producers of beets shall be paid but
$3 50 a ton, otherwise the price paid last
year ($4 a ton) shall pnvail. The farmers
refuse to sign these contracts, and the
Beet Raisers" Association has officially
declared that no sugar L.r-ts shall be
raised in the State this year. This means,
of course, unhss the Oxnmrda, who own
the four bis factorld ;n the Stato, agree
To pay tIM sUraiKlil pri< <■ of $4 a ton. The
Oxnards have declared that If th»-s» con
tracts are not accepted, but one of th.ir
factories will be operated in the State
this year.
This becomes a serious question in Ne
braska, for 5000 farmers are engaged in
the production of sug.ir beets, th»- r.-.
enae from that source alone being over
$10,000,000. while incidentally It affects sev
eral thousand other Nebraska families
who secure employment in the factories
and the Incidental industries. The owners
of the factories declare that they are
willing to do what they can, but that the
admission of the Hawaiian sugar tree in
the ports of the United States will make
this difference of H cents to them, and
they cannot afford to pay the old price
for beets.
The question has caused much discus
sion in the State, as one of tht chief In
dustries of Nebraska is menaced. Farm
ers declare that they cannot afford to
raise beets for less than $4 a ton.
Ironworkers May Strike.
BELLAIRE, 0.. Jan. 30.— 1t is thought
that a big strike may be looked for at
the Wheeling Iron and Steel Company's
works at Benwood, W. Va. The company
last week gave its employes notice of a
reduction ot *»-om 10 to 30 per cent In
wages after Febiuary 1. The employes
at the plate mill went out on strike last
Monday. This afternoon the mill men
met and rejected the proposed new scale.
A strike affecting 800 men is probable.
DRIVEN
BACK BY
AFRIDIS
British Force Suffers
Heavy Loss Near
Shinkumar.
Lieut-Colonel Houghton
Is Among the
Slain.
Five Officers and Fifteen York
shiremen Killed in the
Combat.
MANY OTHERS MISSING.
Disastrous Attempt to Turn Back a
Party of Natives Driving a
Band of Cattle.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
CALCUTTA. Jan. 30.— General West
macott telegraphs from Camp Mam
mami that the Fourth Brigade became
engaged in a gorge near Shinkumar
yesterday and suffered serious losses.
Lieutenant-Colonel Houghtons, Lieu
tenants Sweing, Dowdall, Hughes and
Walker, together with fifteen men of
the Yorkshire light Infantry and three
Sikhs, were killed: Major Earle, Lieu
tenant Hall, thirty-one men of the
Yorkshires and two Sikhs wounded.
Major Earle severely; and twelve
Yorkshires are missing, including one
who was wounded and captured by
the enemy.
It appears that a combined move
ment was planned to cut off the retreat
of a number of Afridis who had been
driving their cattle to graze on the
Kajurai plain, west of Bara Fort. Two
columns marched from All Musjid and
Jamrud to block the way north; a
third column from Bara marched west
ward over the plain toward the hills;
while a fourth, consisting of Sikhs, ad
vanced from Mammaml with a view of
getting to the rear of the Afridis and
preventing their escape toward Bara
villey.
The first three columns performed
their allotted movements without loss,
meeting with very few of the enemy.
The fourth, under Colonel T. N. Sep
pings, left Mammami early Saturday
morning. The leading- troops reached
J-hinkumar-Kotila at 10:30 o'clock.
finding no opposition. Colonel Hough
ton, with the Sikhs, proceeded about a
mile to search the caves.
On the arrival of the main body at
the Kotal it was discovered that a
company rf Siklir. had soi'i.-how - h»»r.
withdrawn from the high ridge on the
west, the key of the position, which
the enemy forthwith occupied. To re
take this involved heavy losses. Lieu
tenant Dowdall was killed while charg
ing at the north of the pass. About
midday the troops began to return to
the camp, the enemy harassing the
rear guard and left and causing many
casualties. The rear column cleared
the pass about 5 o'clock with the as
sistance of General Westmacott, who
came up with two guns and 400 rifles
on receiclng Colonel Sepping's message
that the force had become entangled.
The retreat was conducted admirably,
the officers speaking in the highest
terms of the gallantry of the troops.
Colonel Houghton's oody has been
recovered and search parties have
started for the others. The column
has been reinforced by 725 men from
Bara and Colonel Sturt with fifty in
fantry, two guns and a squadron of
cavalry will move to the front.
The enemy's losses were severe, as
they charged within thirty yards of
the troops.
General Sir Power Palmer, who suc
ceeded Sir "William Lockhart in com
mand, is preparing to make reprisals.
Sir William Lockhart will arrive here
to-day.
After a Large Contract.
OGDEN. Jan. 30.— Charles G. Moore of
the boiler making: firm of Charles G.
Moore & Son of . San Francisco left for
home this mornlns. He has been after
the contract for $50,000 worth of boilers
for the new half-million dollar sugar
plant, which will be built here this spring
The contract Is not yet let and Mr. Clark,
representing the Moore company, re
mains here.
s3Wfwnrnfi!ri!fmflfwn!H!fnriiirnri!Fnn!Fnrnrw?mifF!!fmK
| § KLONDIKE I
Hqs No 2
I K^^^^ For the Man Curedof i
// xfW r Varicocele and Weak- 3
H"^" V^> y ness by Dr. Sanden's
_ 1 4T Electric Belt v 2
»g^ Varicocele makes a coward of a man. It drags on
•El him. It tears down his vitality. It unfits him for work, 3
and such an undertaking as a Klondike trip is impos- 3
sible with such a weakness. No man can do himself 12
•^ justice while this ailment is dragging his life out. Cure
it early. Cure it now.
I 1000 Cured by Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. i
fc: Mrs. J. Tnsker. 844 Oak street. Alatneda. Cal., says: "It gives me great pleas- ~"g
•»- ure to state that I have not had a backache since the first time I put the lielt on -^5
My varicocele Is diminishing, and It will be Just a short time when I will be all — 9
SE-^ O.K. I am now fit for the Klondike, where before I was not." • " ~"^
Mr. L. L. Jaccard, formerly a Jeweler at San Leandro, Cal.. recently went to -^»
g** the Klondike, and made the statement: "Tour Dr. Sanden Belt has cured a vart- ~*^
cocele and weakness of 26 years" standing for me, and though lam 51 years old "_3
«^— I feel able to make my way with any young man." ' -«
| It Cures When All Else Fails. |
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt has cured' 1000 cases of -'3
•H Varicocele during the past year. The "book Three ,3
in Classes of Men" is full of proof. Call or send for it, 13
1 free. Consultation and test of Belt at office, free.-' Call 3
S^j or address # =5
E SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., „■•» Ma ftSi c f t aJ? p re lt 'p r . nc ,_. 3
I * Halace Hotel, oan Francisco.
■SZ i. Office hours, Ba. m. to Bp. m. Sundays, 10 to 1. Branches at Los Angeles. ("a! — "•
i JC: 204 South Broadway: Portland, Or., 263 Washington st; Denver. Col., 931 Sixteenth ~S
•' St.; Dallas, Tex., 255 Main st. " ■ - - . — >«s
- NOTE— Make no mistake In the number— « 33 MARKET STREET. -"
CAPTURE OF
A THIEVING
FUGITIVE
Moses Rosenstoek in
the Custody of the
Police.
Charged With Embezzle
ment by His Father
in-Law.
Squandered Money of the Firm
of David Wilfson & Son,
Baltimore.
CAREER OF DISSIPATION.
Stole More Than Seventy-Five Thou
sand Dollars, and Was Chased
by Detectives for a Year.
Special Dispatch '- The Pall.
NEW YORK, Jan. 30.— Moses Rosen
stock was arraigned in the Center
street Police Court to-day on the com
plaint of his father-in-law. David Wilf
son of Baltimore, as a fugitive from
Justice. He was held pending the ar
rival of requisition papers from Balti
more. Rosenstock was arrested last
night.
Mr. Wilfson. the complainant. Is the
senior member of the millionaire furni
ture manufacturing firm of David
Wilfson & Son, Baltimore. Thirteen
years ago, according to the story told
by Mr. Wilfson in court to-day, Rosen
stock was compelled, through his
gambling debts and entanglements to
leave German y. He came to this coun
try and after a short residence in Bal
timore married Mr. Wilfson's oldest
daughter, despite her father's opposi
tion. Soon after that Rosenstock was
given an important position with his
father-in-law's firm, but after paying
attention to business for a few months
Rosenstock again plunged deeper than
ever into dissipation. One day came
the refusal of one of the firm's largest
customers to pay a bill of over $20,000.
which it claimed, according to Mr.
Wilfson, had been paid to Rosenstock
months before. When confronted with
the evidence Rosenstock denied that he
had received the money, but the matter
was settled for a time by Rosenstock's
accepting a few hundred dollars and
leaving town. He left his wife and five
children behind. An expert was put at
work on his books and Mr. Wilfson
states discovered that Rosenstock was
$30,000 short in his accounts. This was
in 1896.
"His- dissipation in Baltimore," said
Mr. Wilfson in court to-day, "had al
ready cost me o\er $7">,000 and when I
found he had been robbing me besides
I determined to punish him severely if
he could be found."
For a year and more detectives
scoured the country for Rosenstock.
He went, they learned, to Philadelphia,
and after being in the employ of a firm
there for a few months disappeared,
having defaulted in a small sum. Later
he went to Pittsburg, and. according to
the story, did practically the same
thing over again.
Rosenstock had nothing to say when
arraigned to-day and greeted his fa
ther-in-law with downcast eyes. He
showed little emotion when told by Mr.
Wilfson that during the two years he
had been absent two of his children
had died. After he was remanded to
the Tombs Rosenstook said he would
prepare a statement showing the
amount of money he had taken from
Mr. Wilfson.
YOUNG SELFRIDGE MAY
BECOME A NAVAL CADET.
Would Be the Fourth of His Family
on the Bolls of the
Navy.
NEW YORK. Jan. 30.— Thomas E. 9el
fridge of California has been indorsed by
his great-grandfather, Roar-Admiral Sel
fridge. and by Lieutenant-Commander
Selfrldge, for appointment by the Presi
dent to the Naval Academy, says the
Herald's Washington correspondent.
Should he be appointed there will be on
the naval rolls four of this family. Rear-
Admiral T. O. Selfridge Sr. was appointed
NEW TO-DAY.
to the navy from Massachusetts on Janu
ary 1. ISIS, and was put on the retired
list on April 24, 1566. after forty-five years
of service. He is now 96 years old and
resides in Washington, and his son, Rear-
Adjniral T. O. Selfrtdge Jr., when re
lieved of the command of the European
squadron next month, will return to this
country to live. Rear-Admiral Selfridge
Jr. will be 62 years old on February 6
and will be retired then.
Lieutenant-Commander Selfridge was
appointed to the Naval Academy as mid
shipman on July 21. 1564. He is now ex
ecutive officer of the monitor Puritan.
Another officer who will be placed on
the retired list on February I is Rear-
Admiral L. A. Heardslee. He was born
in New York and appointed to the
academy in ISSO. He saw considerable
war service as lieutenant and lleutena"nt
commander, and was commissioned com
mander in 1809. He receiver his appoint
ment as rear-admiral on May 21. 1895.
He has just been detached from' duty as
president of the Examining and Retiring:
Board and will make his future home in
South Carolina.
Fear Causes a Suicide.
ATWOOD, Kans., Jan. 30.— John BfagH,
a wealthy farmer, committed suicide at
his home in Beaver township to-day. The
only known cause was his fear of being
called ;is a witness against a local saloon
keeper.
Plague Commissioner Murdered.
BOMBAY. Jan. 30.— Early this morn
ing the body of the chairman of the
plague committee was found in a field
at Sonnar, in the Nassick district of this
province, near the scene of the riots. The
commissioner was murdered.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Jan. 30.— E. A. Drefusa of
San Francisco is at the Continental Hotel.
S. Scheyer of San Francisco is at the
Broadway Central Hotel. Ramond J.
Kuss of Oakland is at the Murray Hill
Hotel.
NEW TO-DAY.
Oft ii it Let WHISKY get the BEST
i . IRS j of you. GETthe BEST of
Wll I WHISKY, which is the
3=-. GENUINE
KM , DISTILLERY
•■w mrM BOTTLING OP -
t;jm old
Afi PEPPER
am
|lJ|Mta T tNTt9^Y U Bottled and Distilled
j^^^E|JAS.E. PEPPER
iB§l|ia" JAS. E, PEPPER
|=>-^pL.^. ; Lexington, Ky.
( U^_^HjJJ^Bp *"'• Under the same FOR-
' ,'. MM yQIS^P ~'._ '■" I ' MULA for more than 100
! •A—BISBES^- " • YEARS; is guaranteed
. | ■£ EEfflKS'' - : << ABSOLUTELY the
!f 'ty/.4Q8& ' ! PUREST and BEST in
jjSpB^I.SAMPIJBBEOT
I 11^! - Sent on trial,. which, if
"^BtyfcLayyßMjßagßTOf not satisfactory, can be
"TwrFGrfflt m^ returned and money will
be refunded.
CARROLL ST CARROLL,
. 300 market Street,
Sole Agents for the Pacific Coast.
. WILL CASH PEPPER COUPONS.
— —
■Bf^aEfei-? £kL Mealt!i is *>ett«r
Consumption. Coughs, Colds, Bron-
chitis, Debility, Wasting Diseases,
Asthma, Influenza, Scrofulous
Humors, etc., etc.
Physicians prescribe it. All druggists Mil it.
Ask for WILBOR'S and take no other.
-A- DYEA
FOR -AND-
t skagoay:
The Elegant Fast Steamer ■ ..'
HUMBOLDT
WILL SAIL FEBRUARY Ist.
For passage and freight apply at once to
J. MAGEE JR.,
310 CLAY STREET.
Passengers and freight taken for
Seattle.
Leave Seattle about February sth.
Coke! Coke! Coke!
p. a. McDonald
813 FOLSOM STREET,
Wholesale dealer and shipper of the best
brands of
FOUNDRY AND FURNACE COKE.
I have on hand a large quantity 'of Saa
Francisco Coke, superior to anthracite for
furnace or cannel for grate use. This coke la
made from the best Wallsend coal, and can
recommend it to consumers as an Al article. .
Will Deliver Any Amount From a Sack to a Shipload.
CARLOAD ORDERS SOLICITED. .
- -_ '.■ •■- -.- - ."
j when "unwell," for pains, obstructions, .
I .and irregularities peculiar to the sex. _,
■ Recommended by the leading French i ]
s Specialists for diseases of women ; Supe- I
rior to Tansy, Pennyroyal and injurious I
, drugs.' "One bottle of Apioline Capsules I
lasts three month*. • Sold by all druggists, ; I
or by mail, $1. Box 2081, N. Y. Post Office. , I
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
la a powerful rphrodislac and specific tonla
for the sexual and - urinary organs of both
sexes, and a great remedy for : diseases of tha
kidneys and bladder. "A ' great ■ . Restorative.
Invigorator and . Nervine. Sells *on Its own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agent*.
523 Market Street, S. (Send for Circular.*
34
M0NDAY.. .7.7 JANUARY y, 1808
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third SU.. S. F-
Telephone Main IS6S.
LDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson strae
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND 6UNDAYI !»
served by carriers In this city and surrounding town*
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year, per month
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by rr,all. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
Eastern Representative. DAVID ALLEN.
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
WASHINGTON D. C. OFFICE Rlftfes Houuo
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
ERANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, •oroer Clay:
open until 9:30 o'clock;. 339 Hayes street: open until
9:30 o'clor' 621 MoAlllster street; open until 9:30
o'clock- t 5 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets: open until
£ o'clock. 2518 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock
106 Eleventh St.; open until 9 o'clock. 1505 Polk stree:
cpen until 930 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second
cod Kentucky streets; open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin-. "Girl from Paris."
Alcazar — "Victor Durand-"
Morosco'B— "Down in Dixie-"
Tivoll-"The Pearl of Pekln."
Orph eum— Vaude vi He.
Macdonough. Oakland— " The Man From Mexico," Friday.
February 4.
Olympla, cor. Mason and Eddy streets.— Klrchner'B Ladles'
Orchestra.
The Chutes— Chlqulta and Vaudeville-
Mechanics' Pavilion— Mining- Fair and Klondike Exposition,
Lybeck Cycle Skating: Rink— Optical Illusions.
Metropolitan Hall— Concert Thursday evening 1 .
Pacific Coast Jockey Club, laglesldc Race track— Races to-
day.
AUCTION SALES.
By G. H. Cmbsen, This day, January 81, Real Estate, at 1*
Montgomery street, at 12 o'clock.
By Chas. Levy & Co.— This day, January 8L at 418 Butter
street, stock and fixtures, at 10:30 o'cloca.
By William G. Laynjr & Co.— Thursday. Feb. 8, Trotting'
Horses, at Occidental Hurbe Exchange. 225 Tehama St.
MONOTONOUS PROSPERITY.
IF there be such a condition as monotonous pros
perity, it prevails in the United States to-day.
With a better business than ever before known
at this time of the year, the different markets, except
on the Pacific Coast, are almost devoid of feature.
Every week we hear the same story of fewer fail
ures, increased bank clearings, larger railroad earn
ings and a heavier movement of merchandise. There
was a time, and not many months ago, when a gen
eral increase in business was the talk of the whole
country; now it is commonplace and attracts no at
tention outside of financial circles, where the pulse
of trade is always closely watched.
The record of the past week, briefly summarized, is
a gain of 33.9 per cent in the bank clearings over
1^97. an increase of 11.2 per cent in railroad earn
ings as compared with the highest previous record,
heavy exports of cereals, an improvement in the cot
ton trade, and 288 failures against 326 for the cor
responding week last year. The failures were the
smallest for five years, and of the eighty cities and
towns reporting bank clearings, only two — Lowell
and Kalamazoo — reported a decrease. The heaviest in
creases were 333.5 per cent at Seattle, 131 per cent at
Tacoma, 280 per cent at Sioux Falls, 39.9 per cent
ac New York, 41 per cent at Pittsburg, etc . not to
mention a number of extremely large gains among
the less important towns. This phenomenal in
crease in the bank clearings tells the story of the
trade revival in the United States. The increase at
San Francisco was 37.3 per cent.
The great 6taples showed no particular change dur
ing the week. The iron trade is still overcrowded
with orders, and many furnaces are turning away
work. The woolen trade is repo\ted very active,
with an advance in some manufactured descriptions.
Cotton, as said before, is looking up, though slight
ly. Boots and shoes hold the recent advance and
manufacturers will not take orders for fall delivery
at present prices. The canned goods trade is en
joying a first-class demand for Alaska and stocks are
running low. Collections are generally satisfactory,
except in the South, where they are «omewhat back
ward, on account of the late depression in the cot
ton trade.
Trade in the local market is more than good. Deal
ers in provisions estimate that their trade is from 25
per cent to 40 per cent better than at this time last
year, and prices are very firm, with prospects for an
advance at an early day. The feature of the week
was a general advance in cereals, which included
wheat, barley, oats, corn, rye, hay, feedstuff's of all
descriptions, and several lines of millstuffs. A small
corner in beans adds sauce to this interesting ex
hibit. The grain and hay farmers are in clover this
year, and bid fair to remain there for some time to
come. As for hay, it is likely to soar out of sight
if the present dry weather continues much longer.
It is- already worth from $15 to $1850 per ton, and
is much more apt to go up than down, for the sup
ply is short all over the State. The other important
staples, such as dried fruits, raisins, wool, hops and
hides, are quiet, but most of them are firm and need
but slight cause to advance them.
The commercial situation in California never was
better. All it needs is a few showers to clinch it.
I f we get them we will raise a crop that will sell
away up into the millions and give us money to
burn. If we do not get them there are enough
moist localities in the State to furnish all the supplies
we need to carry us through, thanks to our wonder
fully diversified climate. So nobody need worry.
The merchants report collections good and money
plentiful at reasonable rates of interest. Capital is
investing freely in local enterprises, ma evidenced by
the large transactions in local stocks and bonds on
the Bond Exchange. The coal trade is being put
to its trumps to supply the demand for this fuel, and
prices for several coast descriptions have advanced
As for the demand for merchandise Tor Alaskan ac
count, everybody knows how active that is. A glance
at our crowded streets tells the story of the state of
trade in San Francisco.
Prosperity extends throughout the United States,
from Maine to California.
Georgia legislators turned back the hands of the
clock so as to make the records show that certain
laws had been passed within the time prescribed.
Now the law has been attacked on the ground that
the flight of the hours is not properly regulated by
a clock, and it seems to be pretty solid ground. No
legislative body will ever succeed in jamming thirty- 1
six hours into the space occupied by twenty-four
any more than they can induce the sun to set in the
east.
Rockefeller says that God gives him his money.
The explanation is timely. Nobody would have
thought of this.
THE PUBLIC POUND.
WHATEVER difference of opinion may exist
with regard to the charge brought against
Supervisor Delany in connection with the
reported intention of some of the Supervisors to
take the pound out of the hands of the Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, and appoint
another poundmaster, there will be none with re
gard to the proposed change itself. San Francisco
has had experience with poundmasters selected to do
politics, and will have no more of them.
The charge that Supervisor Delany attempted to
extort $500 from the society is involved in the con
troversy over the proposed return to the old way
of administering the pound, but is not essential to it.
Whether the accused official be guilty or innocent
the fact will remain that when the pound was in the
hands of a politician there were continual scandals
and gross abuses in its management. Nothing of
the kind is even so much as alleged against the man
agement by the society, and that in itself is a suffi
cient reason why the pound should be left as it is,
and all propositions to make a change abandoned
without further parley.
In the old days of the political regime the pound
was worked in the interests of the lowest class of
politicians. It is notorious that in order to increase
the revenues of the office the poundmaster's agents,
who were little better than hoodlums, did not hesi
tate to turn animals out of enclosures and then take
them as estrays to the pound. Some of these agents
even took horses away from small boys who were
leading them through the streets, and the capturing
of dogs was carried virtually to the extent of steal
ing. Offenses of these kinds were numerous, and
complaints were frequent. In fact, it was just be
cause of these abuses grown to the degree of an in
tolerable nuisance that the pound was placed in the
hands of its present managers.
It is said that the objection on the part of the Su
pervisors to the management of the pound of the
society is that the officers of the society will not re
lease dogs or other impounded animals at the re
quest of a Supervisor. This deprivation of author
ity and power to confer a favor upon some heeler
of the ward or other political influential citizen is
doubtless harassing to the Supervisors, but the peo
ple can stand that much better than they could stand
a return to the old system.
They will not condone a revival of fraud and dog
stealing in the conduct of the pound simply to enable
a Supervisor to help a friend get a dog out of pound
without paying the lawful fine. In fact, they will
not pardon a restoration of the old political ma
chine of ward heelers and hoodlums in the manage
ment for any reason whatever. If the Supervisors
are wise they will leave the pound where it is.
MULTIPLYING THE MOURNERS.
r\ NNOUNCEMENT is made that a man who
j\ recently met death by fire in Portland left
three wives to weep above the charred re
mains of him. Two of these wives had lived in
adjoining blocks, and the deceased, prior to reach
ing a safe condition beyond human correction, had
maintained a pair of establishments, supporting each
with equal liberality and loving his homes with all
the fervor of the thoroughly domesticated gentle
man. Yet there must have been times when this
husband was subject to conflicting emotions. The
possibility of his families meeting accidentally, this
episode to be followed by a dual assault from the
two adjacent wives of his bosom, must have occurr<.-<!
to him. and made him reflect. A man's affectionate
nature may be permitted to expand considerably, but
with overexpanse the coflapse can be regarded as in
evitable. Possibly the person under consideration
was fortunate in acquiring a neat and rapid, dispatch
by flame. He would have lived only to be roasted,
and the process would have been Indefinitely pro
longed.
The third wife lived in Montana. To learn that
she was only one of a trio was doubtless a surprise,
involving considerable grief and expenditure for
mourning goods. Altogether this man's habit of
marrying tended to unsettle matters which should
be regarded as stable. When a woman is led to the
altar she has a perfect right to the assurance that
so far as the man who leads her is concerned, an ex
ceptional favor has been bestowed, and that he is
not promising every casual acquaintance to cling
till death shall them part. Neither is it a square
deal that one man by dying should be enabled to
create a syndicated widowhood, shedding its tears
from the ocean to the Rockies. TTiere is no doubt
that each widow believes herself to have been the
chosen one, and therefore she assumes the duty of
mourning. The three widows make a scene of
woe, which, considered in its lachrymose totality, is
a fearful thing to contemplate. It is not fair to the
good man who can only leave one widow that the
rapscallion who can leave a regiment of them will
be more missed and have just as many times more
flowers on his grave as he has widows beyond the
solitary legitimate one. . *
After the fight against the Los Angeles water mo
nopoly had been opened and carried far toward a
successful conclusion, the Examiner sniffed the bat
tle and bethought it of possible foraging. Evidently
its failure to have the company recognize its value
as an ally has caused it to cast its lot with the other
side. The other side being in the right, this cir
cumstance not only seems strange, but is unfortu
nate. We hope the public will ijot judge the case
by the presence of the Examiner which, uninvited
and more than unnecessary, projected itself into the
situation. The case is good and just, and will sur
vive even this handicap.
Several Chicago Judges have advocated the whip
ping of wife-beaters. The great difficulty, after the
enactment of a law providing this, would be to con
vict. The wives so constituted that they submit to
conjugal beatings have an inexplicable inclination
when placed on the witness-stand to lie their as
sailants out of trouble: following which they are
rewarded by another beating not wholly undeserved.
One man contemplates a trip under the ice to the
Klondike, but his chances of success will be gener
ally regarded as uncertain. There will be no diffi
culty in getting under the ice, for several have in
advertently accomplished this already, but when they
have failed to reappear nobody supposes for a mo
ment that they have taken a short cut to the gold
fields.
The utility of the scheme of Spain's war council
to send Wcyler to jail, and of the Government to
immediately pardon him, is not impressive. It's too
much like the experience enjoyed in the Police Court
by a man with a pull.
The trial of the man supposed to have murdered
Mrs. Clute will soon be under way, and then the
name of Vereneneckockockhoff will be upon every
tongue
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 31, 1898.
THE ELECTION OF SENATORS.
WHENEVER a political question once pre
sents itself to the American people, it is never
wholly laid aside until finally settled, no mat
ter how engrossing may be the more pressing and
urgent measures that arise in the meantime. Every
new event than can possibly serve to direct attention
to the original question is made use of for that pur
pose, and an agitation for settlement one way or an
other is kept up spasmodically, but persistently, until
the settlement is effected.
An illustration of this truth is to be found in the
discussion of the proposed constitutional amendment
providing for the election of United States Senators
by popular vote. The issue has been only a minor
one in politics, has never received strong support
in either house of Congress, and yet it contin
ually recurs whenever anything happens which can
in any way be construed as an evidence that the
existing system of election is defective or in any way
unsatisfactory. , :
It was to be expected that the violent contest in
Ohio over the election of Senator Hanna with it 9
accompanying charges of bribery and curruption, to
gether with the long struggle in Maryland, would
lead to a renewal of the controversy on the subject.
This is what has happened, and in the Eastern States
the press is once more going over the old ground
and discussing the advisability of the proposed
amendment with as much earnestness as if it were
a new or dominating issue in the politics of the
day.
It is not at all probable that the amendment will
be adopted at any time in the near future. Never
theless it is certain that the sentiment in favor of it
l- steadily gruwing in magnitude and increasing in
intensity. Prior to the Ohio election many people
believed that an amendment was not necessary. They
argued that whenever the voters of a State desired
to have a direct voice in a Senatorial contest, they
could accomplish it by having the State conven
tions of the different parties indorse a particular can
didate, thus making his election one of the issues of
the legislative campaign.
This belief has been dissipated by the fight made
against Senator Hanna by members of his own
party. It is now seen that pledge* do not always
bind members of the Legislature when conditions
are such as to promise personal gain to those who
break them. Moreover it is noted that the indorse
ment of candidates for the Senate complicates legis
lative election in a way prejudicial to the best in
terests of a State, as voters are thereby compelled
to vote for legislative candidates not on their merits
but with regard to the wholly diTerent merits of
the aspirants for the United States Senate.
From the way things are going in all sections ot
the Union it seems evident it is only a question of
time when some serious scandal or complication
arising out of the present system of electing Senators
will precipitate a settlement of the i-sue. At present
the amendment has few supporters in Congress, but
it is significant that most of the younger Senators
are in favor of it, and will be prompt to urge it as
soon as they see a chance for BOCCi
A PERMANENT MINING EXHIBIT
r^ URATOR WILCOMB of the Golden Gate
I Park Museum directs attention to the oppor
tunity afforded by the Mining Fair to procure
for the Park Museum an int<- ltd valuable ex
hibit of the gold ores of Califon ia and also of the
implements used in mining from the days of '49 down
to the present time. The suggestion is so good that
it deserves something more than mere approval. It
should be acted upon and earned out to the fullest
extent possible.
The Mining Fair is but a teir.porai-y exhibition. In
a few weeks it will pass away and its rich store of
exhibits be scattered far and wide. Some effort
should be made to collect and retain the more valu
able and interesting among tlu-m in a permanent ex
hibit, and in no place could that be better done than
in the Park Museum.
The expositions held in Philadelphia and in Chi
cago have resulted in the establishment in those
cities of permanent museums of great value. These
museums are among the mo<t noted in the United
States and are destined to rank among the most
important collections of art and industry in the
world. The example thus set should be followed
on this coast. Every exposition of importance held
in San Francisco should contribute its quota to the
interesting store at the Park Museum and add to its
value as a place of entertainment and Instruction.
Collections of any kind, whether of art, industry or
natural products, are valuable in proportion as they
are comprehensive. Specimens of ores and of old
fashioned mining machinery which in thetrselves are
but curios, acquire a high value when placed in a
museum where they complete the chain of exhibits
of their kind. For an individual owner to donate
such things to the museum is, therefore, to give
something of little value to himself, but of great
value to the public, and such donors prove them
selves to be animated by a high degree of genuine
public spirit.
There are needed at the Park 'Museum many ex
hibits of the kind now displayed at the Mining Fair.
As the Curator points out. "While this institution
already has a fairly good showing of minerals, much
is lacking in that line, especially in choice representa
tions of the gold productions." He also notes that
it i^ desirable to obtain "a good collection of the
tools and implements that were used in the days of
'49, in mining in this State, such as old rockers.
arastras. quartz mills, prospectors, gold pans and
horn?, and other articles of early usage among the
I iorsccr miners. '"
A permanent museum of our mineral resources
and mining history, in connection with a general
museum of art and industry, is certainly desirable;
and the collection at the Park furnishes an excellent
foundation on which to build. The museum is al
ready one of the most attractive resorts of the city
and is visited by thousands of people every week,
and whatever is done to increase its magnitude and
comprehensiveness will be a public benefit of perma
nent and far-reaching value.
Opposition seems to have arisen to the marriage
of Ignatius Donnelly to his typewriter, but this will
rot be ant to discourage them. There has been op
position to the cryptogram owned and originated by
the gentleman, but it has not hurt business a par
ticle. As a matter of fact, when two people have ar
rived at the age of discretion and not passed beyond
it, and conclude to marry each other, the matter
comes so near being their own affair that for outsid
ers to do more than wish them joy is a piece of im
pertinence.
But for the frequent Chronicle escapes from the
padded cell at police headquarters, few citizens would
know of the existence of this useful Institution. The
term "useful" is employed somewhat doubtingly, for
while the padded cell must have a use, what it is, be
yond furnishing an opportunity to escape, is not a
matter generally understood.
INDIVIDUAL THOUGHTS
BY A MODEST CRITIC
The late Grover Cleveland seems to
have had much the best of the contest
with the fiery Senator from Alabama
over a question of veracity. The only
way, it seems. In which Mr. Morgan
hoped to bolster up the falling ruins of
the castle of his imagination was to as
severate that his antagonist had al
tered his opinions and that he might
even now not be entirely opposed to
the views he (the Senator) held dear at
heart. But that defense Is woefully
weak. With all his shortcomings, his
erratic outcroppings and his ambitious
flights, the ex-President was noted for
his inexorableness. He formed his
opinions and put them on his private
shelf where no one would ever disturb
them. And no one was ever known
seriously to attempt it. That this ad
ditional pain should have to be en
dured by the Alabaman warrior when
he sees one of his pet schemes vanish
ing into thin air is cruel perhaps, but
playing with edged tools oft causes
wounds that are deeper than the one
so mercilessly inflicted on Mr. Mcrrgan
by the man of corporations and of cor
pulence.
The statement made in this column
that the Hawaiian Islands would be a
constant source of weakness to us in
the event of their annexation (with
clear proof of the accuracy thereof)
provokes the Bulletin to timidly advo
cate the fortification of Pearl Harbor.
That paper, never having the courage
of conviction— seeing that it has no
convictions— touches all subjects in the
I same mincing fashion. Since Mr. Fitch
relinquished its editorial control it has
never been able to show the slightest
definite purpose. It maunders about
I everything there is in the world, from
j German politics to the advisability of
j eating sausage, and from a bond issue
i to the sorting of rags for the making
jof paper. In fact, it presents the spec
tacle of Mr. Robert Montgomery's con
ception of Satan, who, according to
Macaulay, occupied himself by "going
to and fro and walking up and down
i the earth" and was "something of a
; twaddle, and far too liberal with good
advice." No notice would be taken
here of what tho Bulletin has said on
the annexation question had that pa
per not unintentionally reminded me
of an important point which has been
overlooked by those who talk seriously
of fortifying these islands. Perhaps it
is the most vital side of the whole mat
ter. Kstimates have been made, and
apparently in good faith, as to the cost
of properly fortifying Pearl Harbor. Of
course, these estimates are the rough
est kind of guess work, but they have
. appeared nevertheless. Each writer
I has dismissed entirely from his mind
the fact that fortresses must be gar
risoned in order to be of value. Pearl
Harbor, v. ith its heights, cannot be
made impregnable, no matter how per
fect tho fortifications, unless we are
willing to send a force equal to at least
a third part of our present standing
army there. Guns (except in the mind
Of the Bulletin's artilleryist) are not
' loaded, aimed, fired #nd sponged auto
matically. Possibly it is in his mind (!)
that we shall keep the garrison at home
till war breaks out and then dispatch
it. to be sent to another world on its
' way to our land of coolies and coal.
Our present fortifications demand
an increase in the standing army, so
the military authorities have decided,
and the plans already decided on for
additional land defenses will make
further augmentation necessary in a
year or two. Even this departure from
our well-established policy of keeping
the national military force down to as
low a point as possible is meeting with
vehement opposition from the peace
party, and if we attempt to fortify
either of these islands the nation is
certain to rebel when informed as to
the additional number of men that will
have to be enlisted for necessary garri
son duty. It is certain that General
Miles would not countenance more forts
and guns with the army on its present
I"- ">;ing. The sight of fortresses with
guns and without garrisons would un
deniably charm the hearts of the Uni
v.rsal Peace Society associates, but to
man militant it would mean momen
tous danger to the nation owning
them.
A fallacy that a number of papers
delight to indulge in is that after the
annexation 'of the Sandwich group
white laborers will flock thither and
enjoy untold prosperity. In the name
of common sense, was there ever such
sheer rubbish as that written before?
What inducement will there be to
white men to go there after annexation
that does not exist now? By no known
method, except an exclusion treaty,
can we prevent the Japanese from con
tinuing to immigrate thither, and, as
they are there in thousands now, and
they are just as fruitful and multiply
in much the same manner as their
white brethren, in what way it is pro
posed to place white labor on a su
perior footing to the little brown men
Is not conceivable. Incidentally there
are some natives on the islands. They
will probably choose to remain there
too. To read what some of these papers
write (the Examiner is one of them)
one might be led to believe that it was
the intention on annexation to expel
all but white people from these islands.
It is at any rate promised that there
shall be some special legislation for all
but the whites, an idea laughably in-
congruous with the statement that "all
; men are born free and equal." It is
certain that Japan will seriously ob
! ject to having her subjects unfairly
• treated in any way. and to disturb the
; peace with Japan for the privilege of
saddling this nation with the debts of
Dole and his rank clique is statesman
ship of the type to which yellow jour
j nalism is able to rise. "Ho!! the
schemes are glass — the very sun shines
through them."
The parade on Jubilee Day brought
vividly to mind a fact that stares one
in the face every time the National
Guard and the regulars are seen to
gether. It is plain that a training
school for officers of the militia would
be decidedly advantageous. The disci
pline of the guard would be materially
improved thereby indubitably. It Is not
that a severer system should b% intro
duced, but a better one; one that could
and would be learned by more intimate
association with the regular troops.
The difference in giving words of com
mand, for example, is so broad that
that one weakness alone greatly handi
caps the efficiency of the State forces.
The manner of issuing orders — though
to the civilian it may not seem of
much importance — has a great deal to
do with their prompt and effective exe
cution. One may be an excellent the
oretical tactician, a clever strategist,
and yet as a commander weak. The se
lection of an officer, especially when
done by ballot, does not endow him
with the training necessary to make
him efficient, and It Is a pity that there
are not more opportunities for the edu
cation of the National Guardsmen. It
is not necessary that we should follow
the example of England in this matter,
but If we can improve on her system
there Is no reason why we should not.
British volunteer officers have the priv
ilege of free training at the Wellington
Barracks in London — the home of the
Grenadier Guards — where they drill
companies of that crack regiment reg
ularly while in training. The advan
tage is immense. They not only learn
much technically, but the practical side
of the education is worth a great deal.
Good discipline a. i the methods pro
moting it are constantly before the eye,
and the unvarying result is an increase
in the efficiency of the men whom the
trained officers commanc . If the Fed
eral Government could be induced to
establish a school somewhat on this
principle at the different headquarters
of the army, there would be a wonder
ful improvement in the militia of each
State without question, and Federal
troops would not so often have to be
called on to do what the militia should
accomplish.
It was remarked some time ago that
the Examiner excelled as a poser and
not as a logician, its knowledge of the
science of reasoning permitting it not
to be able to distinguish a premise from
a promise, a conclusion from a con
clave, nor a syllogism from a syllepsis.
It is again in evidence in support of
that assertion. With astonishing visor
and Iteration it observes that we have
a right to expect public servants to- be
able to competently perform the duties
of the offices to which they are ap
pointed. That will not be denied, but
as usual there is "a nigger in the wood
pile." What has stirred the poser up
is a question of proffered assistance to
Police Court attorneys. They shcmld
be able to attend to all their duties, he
exclaims, and then goes on to say that
It is a dangerous practice to give them
help, for the counsel called in to assist
may roughly handle one accused of
crime. May It not be reasonably sup
posed that the judges of these same
police courts are competent to protect
witnesses and defendants alike from
unfair treatment? The fact is, this
poser would like to have the law and
the rules of practice altered on every
occasion to suit his ends whenever he
is a party to a suit. If one may not
be allowed to employ special counsel
in the prosecution of an offender. It
might, with equal reason, be urged that
no man should be allowed to pay an
attorney to defend him; that he should
take the legal adviser appointed by the
court. Where it is evident that there
is a case of moment, it is not only ex
pedient, but often necessary, that police
court attorneys should be assisted by
special counsel. A single Instance, and
one fresh in mind, will suffice. If the
police court attorney had been left to
his own resources Is there even a re
mote possibility that Figel would now
be on trial in the Superior Court? The
police had already declared him Inno
cent, and as the prosecuting attorney
is dependent almost entirely on the po
lice for his evidence, this man, accused
of murder, would have gone scot free.
The law and the established rules of
practice are good as they are, and that
some disadvantage may accrue to the
yellow poser In short OTder on this ac
count is not only no reason for dis
turbing the status quo, but it again
demonstrates the prudence of permit
ting those who have been criminally
injured to bring to light, even at their
own expense and inconvenience, every
piece of evidence- which will tend tc the
conviction of offenders.
In an editorial that had no merit ex
cept Its value as personal insult, the
Bulletin, for what reason it possibly
knows, comes to the defense of Arthur
McEwen, who was justly criticized by
a competent paragraphist because of
hla vagaries. Mr. McEwen's standing
In the Journalistic world is well known
— it is one which all reputable writers
despise. He is one of the pariahs of
journalism. That the outer world may
know what that means I will define it:
A journalistic pariah is one who uses
the privileges that are his for the satis
faction of personal interests, the pub
lic weal being a secondary considera
tion; he is one who will write on two
sides of a question at once if he can get
pay for doing so. Arthur McEwen in
an interview only a few years ago said
that he considered the best paper the
one that paid most for its space. That
is a specimen of the breadth of intel
lect of this journalist. For myself, I
did not notice any controversy between
Ambrose Bierce and this pet of yellow
Journalism. Mr. Bierce showed plainly
that McEwen was a "falsifier of letters
and a forger of telegrams" and then
threw him on the mud heap. What the
little evening sheet may have to say,
however, about McEwen or the writer
who scored him is scarcely a matter for
comment, no member of its staff being
able to think in the same terms as
either the critic or the criticized.
That Mr. McEwen has abilities no
one denies, and it has been shown over
and over again that he prostitutes
thorn. The fact that he is employed
by Mr. Hearst is no proof of excep
tional talent though, for it is no secret
that the holding of a responsible po
sition under the head and forefront of
ywllow journalism depends principally
on the facility with which one ko
tows to the powers that be. Marked
ability is ever a secondary considera
tion.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS
Rev. Samuel Hirst of Vallejo is at the
Grand.
W. H. Maloney, the well-known horse
man and ex-Alderman of New York, left
last night for the East to be present at
the marriage of his daughter Ida to Jo
seph H. Stopani, a prominent young so
ciety and business man of the metropolis.
The ceremony will take place on Feb
ruary 17. and the young couple will come
out to the coast on their honeymoon.
E. M. Boggs, one of the most promi
nent merchants of Redlands, is at the Oc
cidental.
F. S. Wickersham, a big fruit grower
of Fresno is at the Lick.
D. P. Silverart, a returned Dawsonite,
is registered at the Baldwin.
United States Circuit Judge E. M. Ross
of Los Angeles is at the Palace.
W. A. Kelly, a wealthy mining man of
Butte, Mont., is among those who regis
tered at the Grand yesterday.
E. W. Waybright, a prominent lawyer
and mining man of Denver, has come out
to the coast on a business trip and is
staying at the Palace.
O. P. Grimes, a leading business man
and politician of Seattle, is at the Bald
win.
C. F. Brown, a popular resident of
Hanford, Is at the California with his
wife; they are on a pleasure trip to the
city.
A gentleman,
lately arrived
from New York,
tells the follow
ing story on a
politician of that
great city, who
in his lifetime
POSSIBLY
TOOK THE
OTHER ROUTE
stood high in the councils of Tammany
and whose name had become known from
Maine to California through the promi
nence given It in the newspapers of the
country. During the last illness of this
distinguished manipulator of political
schemes he was attended by an elderly
maii'en aunt, who nursed him with the
greatest care during his suffering and
who, when at last the inevitable took
place, pinned the following notice, writ
ten on a telegraph blank, on the door of
the apartments which he had been oc
cupying in one of Gotham's most splen
did hotels:
"March 26, 4:30 p. m.
"John Doe, my beloved nephew, de
parted for heaven at the above hour.
"MISS DOE."
A passing bellboy, having more humor
than reverence In his composition, read
the notice and procuring another blank
pinned It underneath with this notice
written on It: . _
"HEAVEN, 5 p. m.
"John Doe not yet arrived; excitement
intense. PETER."
Shortly after that boy was exercising
his talents in hunting a job.
W. F. Knox. a lumberman of Sacra
mento, Is a guest at the Grand. .
S. S. Nathan, a leading business man
of Sacramento, is at the Baldwin, with
Mrs. Nathan, on a visit to the city.
J. C. Gray, a large and wealthy mine
owner of Sutter County, is one of last
night's arrivals at the Palace.
Otis M. Knox, a wealthy society man of
Philadelphia, is at the Occidental, en
route to Honolulu, where he Is bound on
a sight-seeing tour.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
The keel for the Queen's yacht was laid
at Portsmouth dockyard December 16. Its
construction Is not to be hurried, but the
vessel will be completed early next year.
The speed is to be 22 knots, with 11,000
horsepower driving twin screws. Each
engine has cylinders of 26^ inches, 44U
Inches, and the two low pressure 53
inches, with a common stroke of 39 inches.
Steam of 300 pounds' pressure will be sup
plied by IS Belleville boilers with an ag
gregate heating surface of 12,000 square
feet and 840 square feet of grate.
The oldest navy-yard in the world ia
the Matsusaki yard, named after the
owner, who established it at Ominati,
Japan, 1960 years ago. The vessels built
there became very popular among the
warlike class, and the Empress Jingo had
a number of junks built there for her
great expedition to Korea. The yard has
been in constant use, and since 1874 has
turned out many vessels, steam and sail,
from foreign models. While it Is no
longer a navy-yard in the actual sense of
the meaning, it is fully prepared to do
modern navy building. During the last
ten years it has built 19 steamers, 59
sailing vessels and 232 junks. A school of
naval architecture was started in the dis
trict in July, 1896, and bids fair to prove
a success.
The German battle-ship Koenig TVil
helm, to replace an old vessel by the samo
name, is being- built by Krupp at the
Germania yard. Kiel, and is to be ready
by 1901. The length Is 377 feet 4 inches,
beam 67 feet, draught aft 25 feet S inches,
and displacement 11.000 tons. The belt is
of ll^-inch Harveyized steel, and her two
turrets are of the same material P^i
inches thick. The protective deck is three
inches thick. The armament is light, as
compared with American and British
battle-ships, the main battery consisting
of four 9.4-inch and eighteen 5.9-ir.ch guns,
all firick-firiner. Her speed with 13,000
horsepower la calculated at eighteen
knots, and the normal coal supply is TdO
tons. The estimated cost, exclusive of
armament, is $3,3J58,500.
An alarminp accident happened to the
British belted cruiser Narcissus at Che
mulpo, Korea, on November 17 One of
her drains became choked and burst,
starting a skin plate and permitting, the
water to rush In at an alarming rate. In
less than three minutes there was a foot
of water underneath the engine room
floor, and before the pumps could he
started it had risen to six feet. Boats
were cleared to abandon the apparently
doomed ship, but the pumps finally began
to decrease the rising flood and finally
pained enough to enable temporary re
pairs of the leak to be made. U. S. S.
Boston lay near by and sent two officers
on board the Narcissus to be of whatever
assistance they could render. After a day
and night of hard labor the leak was got
under control sufficiently to risk the run
to Japan, where she was docked at Kow
loon and repaired.
The Russian naval estimates providing
$9,030,483 for new ships is to be doubled,
and building will be carried on more
rapidly as a consequence. At St. Peters
burg an armored cruiser of the Rossia
typo is building, of 14.000 tons, to have
triple screws, a horsepower of 18,000 and
a speed of twenty-one knots. At the
same place two torpedo-boat destroyers,
on the Sokol pattern, are being con
structed. Their hulls are of nickel steel,
and the engines will be of about 4400
horsepower* Two similar boats are being
built at Aabo by contract, and at the
Admiralty works at Ijora twenty-four
boats of like kind are building, besides a
battleship of 12.674 tons of the Orlahya
type. At Nicolaieff, in the Black Sea,
there is also great activity in navy build
ing, and three of the battleships, three
torpedo gunboats, three training ships and
one transport, all belonging to the Black
Sea fleet, have been ordered to be ready
for service at short notice. '
Cal. glace fruit 50c perlb at Townsend's. 1
■ ♦ ■
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
. ♦ •
The Princess of "Wales is not only
very musical, but she also is the com
poser of several songs for the zither,
which she has had printed for the bene
fit of her friends.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup "
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Co'.lc, reg
ulates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Drufjglsts In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
CORONADO. — Atmosphere is perfectly dry.
soft and mild, being entirely free from the
mists common further norih. Round trip
tickets, by steamship. Including fifteen days'
board at the Hotel del Coronado, $65: longer
stay. $2 50 per day. Apply 4 New Montgomery
street. San Francisco, or A. W. Bailey, mana
ger. Hotel del Coronado, late of Hotel Colo
rado, Glenwood Springs. Colorado.
John Loughborough Pearson, who
died the other day, was the most emi
nent ecclesiastical architect in Eng
land. His gTeat work was the erection
of the Cathedral at Truro.
NEW TO-DAY.
Many a cook's reputation
has been made by her use
of Royal Baking Powder.CROOKED
WORK IS
CHARGED
The Harbor Commis
sioners Under
Fire.
Dundon and Slade Will
Have to Show Their
Books.
Developments Promised in the
Paraffine Paint Com
pany's Case.
PECULIAR TRANSACTIONS.
Alleged Collusion and Fraud In
Awarding Contract for Pres
ervation of Harbor Piles.
Possibly the greater part of the week
will be taken up in Judge Belcher's
court by a case which promises sensa
tional developments. Messrs. E. L. Col
non, F. S. Chadbourne and P. J. Har
ney, constituting the State Harbor
Commission, are defendants in the ac
tion, which was brought by Samuel C.
Irving on behalf of the Paraffine Paint
Company, to restrain the board from
opening bids and awarding the con
tract for the treatment of piling to be
used in the Green-street wharf. The
contest involves further the letting of
contracts for similar treatment or
manufacture of piling for the ensuing
year.
Like most legal controversies arising
over questions of contract this one is
complicated. Its most salient feature
is the charge of fraud and collusion
directed against the Harbor Commis
sion, which is accused of having an
especial and fostering interest in what
is known a? th*> Ran Francisco Timber
Preserving Company, to the prejudice
and detrimor.t of competitors.
Incidentally, it will be attempted in
the judicial inquiry to demonstrate
that the San Francisco Timber Pre
serving Company Is only one of several
supply concerns having a common
ownership which are favored by the
commission, in disregard of the pub
lic interests. The moving spirits in
these syndicates are alleged to be P.
F. Dunlin and S. E. Slade. They are
pointed out as the controlling officers
of the San Francisco Timber Preserv
ing Company, the S. E. Slade Lumber
Company, the P. F. Dundon Lumber
f'nmpany and the P. F. Dundon Iron
Vx'orks. Mr. Dundon is also interested
in the firm of Darby Laydon & Co.
These firms or organizations In the an
nual sum total supply the commission
with great quantities of materials,
raw and manufactured, and In many ;
of their transactions collusion Is al- j
leged.
An investigation of the records dis
closes the fact that neither of the so-
lied companies has filed articles of
','""-• '• J ■
In the matter of the Paraffine Com
pany, whose attorneys may keep the
Harbor Commissioners and the
favored salesmen on the gridiron dur
ing the week, the board set up a gren
eral denial to each and every allega
tion preferred. It is privately con
tended in their behalf that the litiga
tion is merely one of a number of
cases that have occurred between the
contractor doing business with the
board, and that tin- hands of the Com
missioners are in reality clean.
Antecedent to the present legal on
slaught which the Parafflne Paint Com
pany seems determined to push 'to a Ju
dicial settlement, two actions bearing
on the duty and powers of the board in
the matter of letting contracts had
been undertaken. The most important
of these was with reference to the
Flade Lumber Company contract, by
•which it was undertaken to furnish the
commission with lumber for a year at
the lowest market price, the supply to
begin with the minimum price named
in the lowest competing bid, namely,
$7 40 per thousand. After the Slade
company had furnished lumber for a
short period at this price their bills for
thousands of dollars at prices ranging
from $9 to $13 per thousand were ap
proved by the purchasing agent of the
commission and allowed. It was held
that this action was fraudulent and
collusive, but an examination of the
records shows that the board were pru
dent enough to have secured a legal in
terpretation of the terms of the Slade
contract which sustained them in the
course they pursued.
The fight over the piling contract has
two phases. It had been the custom of
the board for a long time to purchase
pilf»s on informal bids, and according to
jfe It own discretion. On the other
hixnd. they had transacted with the San
Francisco Timber Preserving Company
during the last year more than $50,000
worth of business, without having re
soriod to advertisements for contracts
In the proscribed form, with specifica
tions. The work done consisted of
treating the piles for protection against
the teredo and lemovla, under patents
owned exclusively by that company.
For this patented preservative the com
mission expressed a -decided preference,
pretending to justify their choice with
sc>"ntific reasons, and on the ground
NEW TO-DAY.
ITCHING
SKIN
DISEASES
fIPKBDT Crnit Tb**.tjikst for torturing, dlgDjr-
■rlng, ltchlnu, burning, and scaly skin and *culp
diseases with loss of hair. — Warm baths with Cu-
' ticcra Soap, gentle applications of Cutiouba.
(ointment), and full doses of Cuticxjka Rksol-
TEifT,-greateBt of blood purifiers and humor cares
I« "O' ll throojrhoot the wortd. Porr«»
T>mu *sn CwitM. Conr.. Sole Prop«-. Bo«ton.
ry ■'■ How to Cure llching Skin Dl«e«»e»." tm.
E£D ROUGH HAHDS *tftS£S£*
SAMUEL C. IRVING.
that the treatment had been demon
strated to be superior; or. rather, be
cauße it had passed the experimental
stage.
Whether the board had all this time
transgressed the law la a question re
i maining for the court to decide. The
law provides that when the board de
termines "a new wharf shall be erected,
or any other necessary improvement
constructed, or repairs made * • »
' or material obtained, the cost of which
shall exceed 13000, they shall advertise
for sealed proposals for a period of not
1 less than ten days."
The fun was begun by the Pacific
Pine Lumber Company protesting
against the bawd paying the Slade
Company for lumber furnished at any
other or greater rate than $7 40 p^r
thousand, delivered, which was the
minimum price in the lowest competi
tive bid accepted as the opening price by
the terms of the Slade bid. The matter
was referred to Attorney Ford, who
held in the opinion he submitted that
"the proposal of the Slade Company, as
accepted by the board, contemplated
that the sales of lumber to be made in
pursuance thereof, were to be governed
by the ruling: market prices at the time
such sales were made." Expert testi
mony was taken as to the ruling prices
and the bill of the company was ap
proved. The Pacific Pine Company
protesting: further the board adopted a
resolution that "the purchasing agent
be instructed to purchase lumber in the
open market where he can tret it cheap
est, provided the price does not exceed
$7 40 ppr thousand."
The board then decided to follow the
i letter of the law in providing for the
i next year's supply of piles, and on
i October 5, 1897, by resolution instructed
the secretary to advertise for proposals
for furnishing piles for urgent repairs
on th£ water front for one year, the
piles to be delivered as required for
treatment at any point or points on the
bay of San Francisco the board might
designate.
The bids were opened October 25, 1897.
The bidders were the Pacific Pine Lum
ber Company; Darby Laydon & Co.,
and Healy. Tibbets & Co. The lowest
price named in the three bids. Chair
man Colnon says, was higher than
what the board had been paying under
the plan of accepting bids for tem
porary pile supplies informally. Healy,
Tibbets & Co. were the lowest bidders.
Mr. Chadbourne moved that their bid
be accepted, bat his motion found no
second. Mr. Harney then moved to
reject all bids on the ground that they
were too high and readvertise for new
proposals. His motion prevailed.
On November 11, when the new bids
were opened, Healy. Tibbets & Co. foil
out of the competition. The bidders
were the Pacific Pine Lumber Company
and Darby Laydon & Co. Their pro
posals were precisely the same as on
the previous occasion, when all the bids
were rejected as excessive, and al
though Darby Laydon & Co. were
higher than Healy, Tibbets & Co.
when the first bids were opened, they
were awarded the contract, which was
signed for a year. The board's defense
for this action is that they had to have
the piles, t nd ha-* to accept the best
bid they could get out of the combina
tion. This transaction is severely criti
cized as Irregular.
Meanwhile Mr. Healy got out a writ
of prohibition against the board letting
the contract for the treatment and
manufacture of piles to be used during
the next year. December 14, Chairman
Colnon announced that the Healy In
junction proceedings had been dis
missed, and the board .tvas now pre
pared to open bids for jjSfeserving the
piles.
Here comes in the cause of the in
junction action of the Parafflne Paint
Company n >w pending.
Before g< ing into the details it may
be well to review the position of the
board. They .j-^m to have assumed
that in dealing with the patented
treatment f<r piles controlled by the
San Francisco Lumber Preserving
Company, for which they admitted a
decided preference, they should not
have made their engagements with
that company a matter of competition,
lest they invite collusion in the bidding.
So, before they agreed to advertise for
proposals, they requested an opinion
on the subject from their attorney. He
said that the authority of public boards
to advertise for bids for patented ar
ticles, under statutory provisions sim
ilar to the one which has been quoted,
respecting the minimum of $3000 ex
penditure, has been considered in many
States of the Unicn with opposing con
clusions. He was very much inclined
to believe that could the question be
presented properly to the Superior
Court, California would take Its place
with New York, Michigan and Mis
souri in upholding the right of public
boards to advertise for bids, notwith
standing the article or process in ques
tion be patented. After a careful con
sideration of the entire matter, he was
of the opinion that th<,> board would
have the right to consider the respect
ive merits of the several processes, and
to award the contract to the bidder
whose process and price, considered to
gether, were most advantageous to the
State.
"The law." he adds, "certainly does
not contemplate that contracts for the
preserving of piles shall be let to the
lowest bidder, regardless of the merits
of the process such bidder intends to
employ. On the other hand, the law
does contemplate that such contracts
shall be the result of competition ef
fected through the medium of competi
tive bids."
It will be observed that if Attorney
Ford's opinion is sound the board
should provide for this pile preserving
work through bids, though it is option
al whether they accept the highest,
lowest or medium bid.
The complaint of the Parafflne Paint
Company minutely relates the experi
THE SAX FKAXCISCO CALL, MOKDAY, JANUABY 31, 1898.
E. L. COLNON.
ence on which the application for in
junction is based. The specifications un
der which proposals for bids were invit
ed come from the hand of Howard C.
Holmes, chief engineer for the board,
under the title: "Specifications for the
treatment or manufacture of such piles
as the Board of Stat<- Harbor Commis
sioners may order for use on the watT
front of the city and county of San
Francisco, for a period of one year;
also for the treatment of piles for us»>
in the repair of Green-street wharf."
With the specifications was a full and
accurate description of the work to be
performed, the material to be used and
when to be used. Four methods of
treating piles were also described In
detail, under classifications "A," B,"
"C ' and "D." Proposals were adver
tised to be opened by the commission
at 2:30 o'clock p. m. November 24. 1897.
It was required that bidders should
specify in their proposal? for each of
the methods described, the price per
foot of pile to be treated or built, in
cluding the hauling of pilea out of
water, barking, cutting to length and
delivering into water. The bids were
opened on the day advertised, hut no
action was taken on them until Decem
b.-r K>. The Paraffin*' Company was the
lowest bidder according to each and
all the methods. The other bidden
were the Teredo Proof Pile Company,
H. R. Rood & Co and the San Fran
cisco Timber Preserving Company.
On the last date mentioned the Par
affine Paint Company demanded that
they be awarded the contract on the
ground that they were the lowest bid
ders and stood prepared to Rive suffi
cient sureties for the performance of
the contract. Instead of doing- so the
commission rejected all the bids and
decided to readvertise for bids again
under a new set of specifications. This
course they supported with the follow-
In? opinion received from their attor
ney:
"The proposals under the advertise
ment as published, provided that the
bids should be received and opened No
vember 24 at 2:30 o'clock. Prior to the
h.iur appointed an injunction was
served, under the seal of the Superior
Court. (This waa the Healy injunc
tion). It wns dissolved and the action
dismissed December 10. The bids were
not opened on that day; nor until Tues
day, December 14."
As an unnecessary question was thus
pr <-sonted as to the validity of any con
tract made on bids opened as stated
above, the attorney recommended a re
advertisemont. under new specifications
"chanced in several important particu
lars."
Accordingly, this wac done, and here
at this point the Paraffine Paint Com
pany charges that the remodeled spe
cifications were intended to exclude
competitors, and favored the process
for which the San Francisco Timber
Preserving Company holds the patents.
The Paraffine Company arraigns the
board in the following language:
That the prices named in said bids of
said Paraffine Company were not too high,
and were not in the opinion of said board
too high, and that the prices nanv-d in
said bids of said Paraffine Company are
lower than any prices for which similar
work has heretofore been done, and are
as low as any prices at which said work
can De done according to said speciflca-
That affiant Is Informed and believes,
and upon his information and belief al
leges that the only reason why the said
board have refused and do re
fuse to award said contract to
the said ParafHne Paint Company is
that they desire, purpose and intend to
wrongfully and unlawfully and in viola
tion of their duty, award the contract for
treating the piles to be used in the repair
of Bald (in . n-sireet wharf to the said San
Francisco Timber Preserving Cornpuny.
and to give the same company the work
of treating all other piles required for
use upon the water front of the city and
county of San Francisco for a period of
one year.
That plaintiff i* informed and believes,
and upon his information and belief al
leges that the said board and the said
Commissioners — - fraudulently, inten
tionally and designedly, and by collusion
with the said San Francisco Timber Pre
serving Company, describe the various
methods of treating piles as they are
described in said last-named r-»ecifiea
tions, in order that all persons mlgni be
deterred and prevented from bidding for
the said work unuer said methods. "B"
and "C." for fear that any contract
which might be awarded for said work
in accordance with either of said meth
ods might be held ana declared to be void;
and that the said board and said Commis
sioners did fraudulently, intentionany
and designedly, and by collusion with said
San Francisco Timber Preserving Com
pany, describe in said last-mentioned
specifications the creosoting process as it
is described therein in method "A," with
out referring to any patent, and did in
sert in said last-named specification the
conditions hereinbefore in this paragraph
set forth, so that persons desiring to bid
for said work other than said San Fran
cisco Timber Preserving Company, or per
sons bidding in collusion with it, would
be deterred and prevented from bidding
for said work under said process by rea
son of the threats of said San Francisco
Timber Preserving Company, and the de
lay and consequent loss that would result
If the litigation so threatened by said San
Francisco Timber Preserving Company
should be Instituted and the conditions
aforesaid should be enforced.
That plaintiff is informed and believes,
and upon information and belief alleges,
that said board and said commissioners
did fraudulently, intentionally and by col
lusion with said San Francisco Timber
Preserving Company, adopt said last
named specifications.
That the said commissioners have been
at all the times herein mentioned, and
are now in collusion with said San Fran
cisco Timber Preserving Company: that
the commissioners have, during the past
year, given the work of treating a large
number of the piles used on said water
front, according to the creo3otlng process,
as described in said specifications under
method "A." to the said San Francisco
Timber Preserving Company without ad
vertising or receiving bids for said work,
and at prices greatly In excess of the
prices named in the said hid of the said
Pararrtne Paint Company, for the same
character of work described in method
"A" of said specification; and that the
cost of said work during the p.ist year
has amounted to more 0
Reference has been made to the Hea
ly injunction, which was dismissed
without having progressed to a hear
ing of the isHue involved. Further lipht
is thrown upon the nature of the con
troversy by the complaint sworn to by
Contractor Healy, which contains the
following specific charges:
That on November 1, :-.'7. the said
board caused to be published in the San
Francisco Call, a newspaper published in
■aid <-ity and county, a "Notice to Con
tractors." which notice contained, among
other things, the following: Said pro
posals or bids will be n- rivod at this
<>nVo at or prior to 2:?,n o'clock p. m.
on Wednesday. November L'T. ISH7. for the
treatment of piles for use in the repair
. of Green-street wharf, and also for the
treatment for such other piles as the said
board may offer for use for a period of
one year, according to the raedflcatlonf
prepared therefor by the chief engineer
: "f the board, and adopti d by the board
November 10. 1K97. and on 1110 in this office
jto which special reference is hereby
1 made: the material.-* to be used either
\ creosote, parafflne pile covering, perfec
j tlon pile covering or timber and board
I ffor the manufacture of piles) as per
specifications of the chief engineer.
That the specifications call for the ere
j osoting of the piles, to r>r used In the re
pair of said wharf, and such other piles
ai t ho said board may order for the use
for a period of one year, according to the
! following- process: «
"That piles must be Tully submerged in
ih" dead oil, which will be heated to a
temperature of 212 to 220 degrees Fahren
heit, they will then be boiled in the same
until all sap and moisture are extracted.
This process must continue until there
is not more than at the rate of one-quar
ter of pound of water per cubic foot per
hour coming from the retort to the re
ceiving tank: before goim: into the re
ceiving tank all vnpor must pass through
a condenser and be reduced to a liquid
form.
"Tho oil must he then injected under
pressure until the requisite quantity of
oil la Injected."
Affiant further says upon Information
and belief that said process is a patented
one and under the exclusive control of
the San Pimaetaoo Timber Preserving:
Company, and that said specification was
adopted by said board for the purpose of
preventing free competition, and with In
tent of precluding all persons from bid
ding upon the treatment of piles except
tho San Francisco Timber Preserving
Company; and that said Hoard, unless
prohibited by this honorable court, will
i 11 1 <t Into a contract with said San Fran
cisco Timber Company for the treatment
of said piles by the process herein
named. That said process is an inferior
method of treating piles nnd that there
are several unpatenud methods more ef-
Acadoas than said process. That said
firm "f Hsaly, TJbbftta & <"o. desire to
bid for said work but are prohibited and
prevented from so doing by reason of the
■aid specifications; and that said affiant
is a citizen and tax payer of said State
and makes this affidavit for the purpose
<>f procuring a writ of prohibition to be
Issued out of thin court to he said Board
of Harbor Commissioners and the mem
bers thereof to prohibit and restrain
th<m and ench of them from entering
Into said contract with the San Francis
co Timber Preserving Company, or any
other contract under said specifications.
Thus it will be seen the charge of
collusion raised by the Paraffine Paint
Company against the board was made
in open court prior to the action in
stituted by them. The essential accu
sation of the Heaiy complaint "that
said process (that of the San Fran
cisco Company) is an inferior method
of treating piles and that there are
several unpatented methods more effi
cacious than said process,' may be
come an important question for proof
In the pending litigation. Expert tes
timony will be required on this point.
Whil? no tangible evidence as to the
participation of the board or any of its
individual members in the profits of the
Dundon-Slade syndicate is affirmed in
the technical proceedings, it may be at
tempted on behalf of the plaintiff
either directly or inferentially, to show
that one or more of the commissioners
have a material interest in the welfare
of the firms and companies operated
by these gentlemen. Dundon and Slade,
besides being at the head of the San
Francisco Timber Preserving Com
pany, the Slade Lumber Company, the
Dundon Lumber Company and the
Dundon Iron Works Company, are the
silent partners in the Darby : Laydon &
Co. firm, which has secured the con
tract for the next year's supply of piles
in the peculiar manner related.
It is the purpose of the attorneys for
the Parafßne Paint Cnmpnny to place
both Mr. Dundon and Mr. Slade on the
witness stand, and to get their books
into court for examination. The ac
counts of the Slade Lumber Company
will be brought before Judge Belcher
to-day, in accordance with his order,
issued after the attorney for Mr. Slad?
strenuously objected to being compelled
to produce the books of the company.
It is estimated that the value of the
pile preserving work for the ensuing
year will approximate $70,000. The to
tal business transacted during the past
year with the board by the firms and
companies enumerated is estimated as
having been about $136,000.
BOYS IN BLUE
AT THE RANGES
An Off Day at Shell Mound
With None but Sol
dier Shooters.
All the Natural Conditions Favorable
for Good Work at the
Targets.
Yesterday was another "off day" at
the Shell Mound ranees. It was down on
the schedule as a shooting day for any
of the gain clubs outside military circles,
and even the soldier contingent failed to
furnish any very imposing array of
marksmen, as only two companies were
represented. The day was a superb one
for shooting.
Company I, First Regiment, held Its
regular monthly medal shoot, with the
following score as a result: Sergeants
— Ahlborn, 41; I.emeteyer, 3s; Corcoran. 37;
Sheahan, 37; Moore, 44; Golly, 41. Pri
vates— Cappellmann, M; Wiseman, 36;
Dietrich, 21; Fennig, 2S; Kallman. 41; Pay
son. 41; Gillis. 35: Meyers. 39; Siebe. 29.
The prizes for this company for last
>' ar's shooting were announced and dis
tributed last Saturday evening at Cali
fornia Hall. They were won in this order:
Sergeant P. K. Moore, Frank Koch. C.
Otten. William Golly. J. Ringen, A.
Hlawat. J. Kallman. W. Tobin, Captain
Rlchter. H. Hall, A. Ahlborn. O. T.
Huber, M. J. Sheahan. William Corcoran,
H. Payson, J. Powers, C. Wiseman, W.
Meyers, P. McPartland, C. A. Son, J. C.
Cappellmann, J. yon Staden, A. Dlpz, H.
Matthewson, H. Owens, H. Bucking, G.
Seyden. J. Balke. H. I^emetever, E. Caro,
K. Hedcll, G. Phllbln. H. Day. A. Che
linl.
Company F. Fifth Infantry, also shot
its monthly medal competition. A new
rule has been adopted by which If In the
first five shots a Score of 60 per cent be
made at 200 yards, the shooter may go
to the 500-yard range to finish his score,
and if not he must finish on the 200-yard
range. The following score was made
on the short range: L. Moreno, 3.">; George
Means. "7; L. \V. Carpenter. 31: L. C.
Davis. SO; G. Waters. 2.v D. McMillan, 19;
P. Davis, 20. Scores were made at 200
and 500 yards, respectively, as follows:
Captain Wenk. 22—19; Lieutenant Cobble
dick. 24—20: Sergeant McCudden, 17—16:
Sergeant Wilson. IS— IS; Corporal King,
20—8: Corporal Xickerson. 16— S; Privates
Darling. 59—6; William?, 15—19: Paid. 19—
18; Kennedy. IS— 11: Leonard. 13— IS; Han
son. 20—2; Powers. ltf — 16: Eckles. 9—9:
Anderson. 2—4; Keller, 17—10; Wood, 11—4.
CHARGES AGAINST
SCHOOL DIRECTORS
Rumors That Teachers' Posi
tions Have Been
Sold.
The Grand Jury committee on Board of
Education will make certain recom
mendations to the Jury on Tuesday that
may lead to a sweeping investigation of
the methods of the School Department.
Rumors have reached the ears of certain
members of the Grand Jury that posi
tions as teachers are being sold by School
Directors at prices averaging WOO each.
Thus far the utmost secrecy has been
maintained regarding the names of those
who will be called upon to give Informa
tion and no subpenas have been Issued
for members of the board, though it is
expected that such a course will be taken
to-day.
It Is said that one witness will testify
that a certain school teacher, who is
known to be friendly with members of
the board, has handled the money of a
number of applicants for the positions
and has seen that it reached the hands
of those for whom it was intended.
The members of the Board of Educa
tion with one or two exceptions scoff at
the idea that any such transaction has
taken place, and say that to a person
who understands the manner in which
positions arc awarded such rumors must
seem ridiculous.
■ ♦ ■
Go to O'Brien & Sons' for modern style,
high grade Surreys, Phaetons and Bug
gies at low prices. Corner Golden Gate
avenue and Polk street. •
FAVOR A NEW HOSPITAL.
Supervisors Pledge Themselves to
Furnish the Necessary Appro
priations for the Building.
The Boar* of Supervisors will he called
upon to-day to decide the fate of a reso
lotion recommended by the Hospital Com
mittee pledging the appropriating of $400,
000 to build a new City and Comity Hos
pital. Supervisors Uottanzl and Clinton
were the main movers in the matter, and
members of the Board of Hialth have
uru r t ntly demanded the Improvement.
It is expected the measure will pass
without opposition, and it is understood
that, In view of the urgent necessity of a
new hospital building, the board will re
fuse to consider itself bound by the dollar •
limit pledge.
Dry Champagne.
Lovers of dry chnmpaimf appreciate the re
markable vintage of G. H. Mu mm * Co.'s Ex
tra Dry now being- shipped to this country. Its
Importation In Uf7 aggregated 72.77. . cases, or
42.293 caßes more than of any other brand. •
Crowds at the Park and Cliff.
Thousands of country visitors enjoyed
a day of summer at the park and Cliff
House yesterday. Early In the day the
crowds began to gather at the beach and
under the trees in the park, and by 2
o'clock, when the musical programme
commenced, the crowd was the largest
that lias gat In-red together in the city's
pleasure ground since tile beginning of
the new year. The programme was an
exceptionally good one and many pieces
were encored. No accidents occurred to
mar the pleasure of the day or worry the
police and Receiving Hospital surgeons.
At the ClifT llcuse the crowd was also
much larger than usual. The "Oirl From
Paris" company waded and splashed in
the surf and late In the afternoon dined
at the Cliff House, returning on a late
train.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
Ti« f*«- /y
siclls /*~7jf //ft* „ .— Is °»
THE FEIST DAY
OF ST. PAUL
Services at St. Mary's
Church to Commem
orate the Day.
Archbishop Riordan Delivers a
Panegyric at High
Mass.
The Choir Is Sp«sially Augmented
for the Occa
sion.
The Feast of St. Paul, the patronal
feast of the Paulist Community, was
celebrated with solemn ceremonies yes
terday morning at St. Mary's Church.
Solemn high mass was celebrated at 11
o'clock, at which Archbishop Riordan
delivered a panegyric In honor of the
life, work and conversion of St. Paul,
paying a beautiful tribute to his mem
ory and citing the various traits of his
character.
The mass was said by the Rev. Fa
ther Powers, who was assisted by Fa
ther Hopper as deacon and Father
O'Connell as sub-deacon. Father Mul
ligan of the cathedral acted as master
of ceremonies. The vestments used in
the ceremony of the mass were white
and golden silk and were worn
specially for the occasion.
Gounod's mass of the "Sacre Coeur"
was chanted by an augmented choir of
fifty voices. An orchestra consisting of
flutes, violins and cellos was directed
by Eugene Schmitz, the noted violin
virtuoso frojn the Columbia Theater,
while the organ accompaniment was
rendered under the able direction of
Miss Marie Giorgiani. The principal
singers at the service yesterday morn
ing were as follows: Sopranos— Miss
Mary Higgins, Miss Mary McDermott
and Mrs. Clara Noonan; contraltos —
Miss Josephine Murphy, Miss Helen
Ford, Miss Jene Jehue. Miss Nellie
Daly, Miss Clara McDermott; tenors —
Charles Goettinez, Benjamin Sieberlich,
August Schuman and William Creigh
tgn; bassos — William Gordan, Denis
Sheerin and William O'Brien.
At the conclusion of the mass solemn
benediction was celebrated, after which
the archbishop imparted his blessing to
the congregation.
The coilections taken up at the ser
vices will be donated to the fund for
the erection of the Catholic seminary
at Menlo Park.
The Paulist priests have offered to
contribute $2500 toward the institution
of a college for the education of young
men desirous of becoming priests, and
will endeavor to raise this amount be
fore the 15th of next month, the date
set for the formal opening of the semi
nary.
On the first Sunday of Lent the Paul-
Ists will commence a mission at their
church on California and Dupont
streets, and will be assisted in their
work by a number of representative
priests from the mother order in New
York. This will be the first mission
given under the direction of the com
munity since its permanent establish
ment in this city four years ago. Since
the time of Its institution here Catho
lics generally have taken an unusual
interest in the order, and have made
contributions in order to remodel the
church and make it one of the finest
in the city.
MINERS ON THE TRAIL.
Departure of the Steamer Queer)
for Dyea and SKaguay.
There was an enormous crowd of
sightseers and friends of the passen
gers down to see the steamer Queen
away for Alaska yesterday. Among her
passengers was the largest crowd that
has yet left for the gold fields of Alas
ka. The rush of people to see them
away was so great that the wharf
pates had to be closed, and only those
who had tickets were allowed admit
tance. Very few dogs went up with
the miners, but there were dozens of
them outside on East street and all
tagged for sale, but there were no buy
ers.
Captain Debney of the Queen will
only take the vessel to the Sound, and
will there turn her over to Captain
Wallace. H« was to have brought the
steamer Corona back to San Francisco,
hut since the wreck of that vessel
leaves him temporarily without a com
mand he will come back to San Fran
cisco overland and will take charge of
whatever vessel is put on the Southern
route.
Asthma and Bronchitis cure Guaranteed. Dr.
Gordlnß Sanitarium, 514 Pine. nr. Kearny, S F.,Cal.
City of the Faulty Church.
Rev. S. S. Cryor of the Westminster
Presbyterian Church preached last night
upon the text. "Ephesus. the City of the
Faulty Church." He drew In his dis
course a vivid picture of the early Im
portance of the city and of the Influence
that it wielded in the time of St. Paul and
St. John. It was then the center of cul
ture and civilization, and the greatest
seaport city in the world. The temple of
Diana was situated there, and to it came
pilgrims from all over the world. The
pastor showed how Ephes»us had been
chosen by St. Pan! as the best city from
which to brinK the diffusion of the Holy
Gospel, because of its vast importance.
NEW TO-DAY.
The germs of consump-
tion arc everywhere.
There is no way but to
fight them. .
If there is. a history of
weak lungs in the family,
this fight must be constant
and vigorous.
You must strike the dis-
ease, or it will strike you.
At the very first sign of
failing health take Scott's
Emulsion of Cod-liver Oil
with Hypophosphites.
It gives the body power to
resist the germs of consump-
tion.
50c. and $1.00, all druggist*,
SCOTT & BOWNE, Chemists, New .York.
Q vi.it DR. JORDAN'S »*•••*
JSbm Museum of Anatomy
p|fi||i ICSI MA2IET ST. let £:h4 7ti, 3.F. CiL
m S H Thf l.ar St-iS t-i of lls kind In tie Word.
|1| DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
■ kIW L Oomaltmlloa free. 'Write tor !^«k",
vl I of Marriage.
« w mailcb mcc.
NEW TO-DAY.
London Graphic
j states that the sale of cocoa has increased In the
i British Isles enormously in the last few years
) and the time will come when it will entirely
; supplant tea. The trouble with tea is that
' its protracted use plays havoc with the diges-
j tion and nerves of most people, while cocoa
is sustaining and digestible and has no ob-
i jectiouabie effects.
GHIRARDELLI'S
COCOA,
\ the fresh Pacific Coast cocoa, is the favorite
'i cocoa of all and always the freshest— 32 cutw
-> 25 cts.
} With every can of cocoa is given
( by your grocer a sample cake of
S Ghirardelli's delicious Monarch
{chocolate.
NEW AMUSEMENTS.
MINING FAIR
AND
KLONDIKE .:. EXPOSITION
AT
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
Open Monday Morning until 6 P. M.,
7:30 to 10:30 P. M.
SPECIAL FEATURES.
Monday Afternoon — Wonderful Performing
Bears, "JOHN" and "JOHNNIE," and other
attractions.
Rogers and His Magnificent Military Band-
Afternoon and Evening.
i CARAMEL WRAPPING CONTEST, Bp. m.
—Young ladles' championship from candy fa<^
tories; novel and Interesting.
MISS DA VIES. AFTERNOON AND NIGHT,
KLONDIKE COOKING LECTURES.
I Free moving pictures all day.
For other features see the great Hydraulia
Mine, Underground Tunnel, Ore Chambers.
KLONDIKE OUTFITTING
AND
PACKING EXHIBITIONS.
Statistical Monument. Wonderful, exhibition
of gold dust and nuggets. County displays.
Hear the Miners' "tiartet In old miners' songs,
afternoon and evening both.
See Bartholomew's educated horses, "Trip
to Dawson City," Tesla's electrical exhibition.
In fact the most wonderful exhibition ever
given on the coast.
See Tuesday's papers for programme of spe-
cial events.
ADMISSION :2S CENTS.
Children 15 Cents.
Greatest Equestrian Act in the World.
THE GREAT GAUTIER
And His Trained Riding Horses; THE
NAWNS. Irish Comedians: BROS. DUNN.
Eccentric Acrobats; THE JACKSON'S, Ebony
Laughmakers; AL WILSON, German . come-
dian; ALMONT & DUMONT. Instrumental
Hussars; CARLETTA Artist Elastic: DO IN-
LINE COLE. World's Female Barytone:
AMERICAN BIOGRAPH. New Life Scenes.
Reserved seats, 25c. Balcony, 10c. Opera
chairs and Box seats, 50c.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
MBS. Ernes-tote Kreltn'O. Proprietor & Manager
EVERT EVENING,
The Merry Operatic' Fantasle.
"THE PEARL OF PEKIN !"
A GREAT CAST
Edwin Stevens, Thomas C. Leary,
Phil Branson, Arthur Boyce,
Florence Wolcott, Edith Hall, Etc.
The Imperial Chinese Orchestra.
Piquant Chinese Ballet.
Beautiful Scenery. Gorgeous Accessories.
Superb Oriental Costumes.
SONG DANCE HUMOR
Popular prices 25c and 800
BOX OFFICE ALWAYS OPEN.
BALDWIN THEATER.
SECOND WEEK BEGINS TO-NIGHT. *
Edw. E. Rice's Superb Spectacle,
The Hit of the Season. •
I^GIRL FROM PARIS
With its array of beauty and its numberless
- • ■ - features.
Coming— The Famous Original Bostonlans.
At the California next Sunday— BLACK
PATTI'S TROUBADOURS.
ALCAZAR Seats *>y Phono
r\L^\ m /J-\JL^Jr\r\ Main 254.
THIS MONDAY NIGHT, •
First time at this theater,
Henry Guy Carleton's Drama.
VICTOR DURAND !
Prices 15c, 25c, 35c, 600
Only Matinee Saturday.
Next Week— "CHARLEY'S AUNT."
MOROCCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
Walter Mcrosco Sole Lessee and Manager.
Commencing TO-NIGHT, Janujiry 31.
Initial Production of the Sensational Scenic
Melodrama
" DOWN IN DIXIE "
Depicting the South during reconstruction
times. Beautiful scenery. Highly sensational
scenes. The thrilling rescue from the cotton
press In the burning mill. Negro specialties,
songs and dances. The Acme Quartet in melo-
dies of the South. Evening prices — 10, 25 and
60c. Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
INGLESIDE TRACK.
RACING FROM MONDAY, Jan. 24,
to SATURDAY, Feb. 5, inclusive.
Five or More Races Daily, Rain or sip;
FIRST RACE AT 2 P. M.
S. P. R. R. Trains 1 1:45 and 1:15 P. M: Daily?
Leave Third-Ft. station, stopping at Valen-
cia st. Retv-ning Immediately after the races.
ELECTRIC CAR LINES.
• Kearny-st. and Mlsslon-st. cars every three
minutes, direct to track without change. Fill-
moro-st. cars transfer each way.
•S. N. ANUROUS, President.
F. H. GREEN, Secretary.
CHIQUITA!
THE " CONDENSED CDBAN PATRIOT."
And Smallest Woman on Earth!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING at
— the; CHUTES —
RAIN OR SHINE.
LEVEES CROWDED DAILY.
THE THEATER IS THOROUGHLY HEATED.
10c to all, including Vaudeville; Children, sc. •
CM VMPIA Corner of Mtson and
ULYinyiA Eddy St,e.:».
Most Beautiful Music Hall In America.
KIRCHNER'S LADIhS' ORCHESTRA.
Hear JESSIE MILLER, the Female Levy.
OLIO OF SPECIALTY ARTISTS. .
Admission free. Theater Heated.
- - ;
THE LYBECK CYCLE SKATING RINK,
Howard it., between Third and Fourth..
Moving Pictures nnd Optical Illusions.
Orchestra music. Open dully from 9:30 a. m.
to 12 m. . 2to -i:3O p. in. ; 7 to 10 p. m. General
Admission. 10c; Gents" Sltates, 15c; :~ Ladles'
Skates, Free. A Dance Will He Given Regu-
larly - Every Wednesday and : Saturday HiTCT
ilifcis, Starting February 2.
56
BICYCLE PATH
FOR PASADENA
Elevated Track to Join
the City With Los
Angeles.
Will Be Made Into an Ideal
Route for Lovers of
the Wheel.
Millionaire Dobbir.s, Himself an En
thusiast, at ihe Head of
t:.e Project.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
PASADENA, Jan. 30.— One of the
most noteworthy enterprises in the his
tory of Southern California— which will
be brought to a successful issue in the
course of the next three months— is an
ideal cycle way or elevated bicycle
PROPOSED ROADHOUSE FOR THE CYCLERS.
track running between Pasadena and
Los Angeles. It ewers a distance of
nine miles through a picturesque and
charming country, along the Arroyo
Seco, by oak-dotted hills, through or
ange and lemon groves, skirts across
residence property, runs through nar
row alleys and broad business streets,
all in the most direct route possible
and at an easy average grade of but
one per cent, while In some places it is
practically level.
This cycle way is elevated eighteen
feet above the level of the streets, and,
of course, varies so that in some places
it is elevated fifty feet in the valleys
and through one hill a short cut will
be made at grade. Thus all crossings
or obstacles to an uninterupted run be
tween the two cities are avoided.
To Horace M. Dobbins, an enthusias
tic cyclist and Pasadena millionaire, is
due the success of this great enterprise.
Kighteen months ago he began agitat
ing the project and while the last Cali
fornia Legislature was in session suc
ceeded in getting a bill passed which
enabled him to proceed. Affairs are
now well in hand and the California
Cycleway is an assured success. A com
pany was incorporated some time ago,
with Mr. Dobbins at its head, S. V.
Landt. W. R. Stevenson, Edwin Gro
nenendyke and E. R. Braley directors.
The right of way, with the exception
of about three-fourths of a mile, has
been purchased and arrangements* are
now being made for the erection of a
terminal depot in Pasadena directly op-
Section of the Proposed Cycleway From Los Angeles to Pasadena.
poslte Hotel Green annex on Vineyard j
street. The plan of this station is I
unique, being octagonal in form, and it |
will bo fitted up appropriately and even (
luxuriously. The Los Angeles terminus i
of the cycleway will be at the Plaza,
and midway the distance in the pic
turesque hills near Sycamore Grove, 200
feet above the river bed, will be erected
a travelers' pavilion and cyclists' club
houp», which will be a most attractive
feature. H<~-re open-air concerts will
be given and a cafe established. The
pavilion will be a handsome structure.
150 feet in length, a wide veranda en
circling it. At one end will be the la
dies' bicycle track, the room being cir
cular in shape; adjoining in it a waiting I
room, 19x22 feet in size, for the fair |
sex, thf»n the lobby, kitchen and office,
cafe, 19x30 feet, and at the other end a
cafe pavilion, 50 feet in diameter.
Electric lights are to "be set every 100
feet the entire distance of the track.
This will be nine feet wide on the road
way with flaring sides, making the
width twelve feet at the top of the
guard rail. It will be constructed of
wood, the floor of boards turned on
edge. In th<-- center of the track, which
will be of a dull-gray color to be rest
ful to the eyes, there will be a three-
Inch separator to prevent collisions of
cyclists going in opposite ways, which
will, however. notheasufflcientbarrierto |
prevent passing from the right to the
left track in case of necessity.
The steepest grade is upon a thou- !
pand-foot stretch, where it runs as high i
as 3 per cent.
When It ls taken Into consideration |
that Los Angeles alone has 25,000 bi
cylists and Pasadena probably 5000 j
more, the immense patronage this cy- I
cleway is pure to receive is easily ap
preciated. The track will accommodate
electric vehicles and horseless carriages
also. Entrance and exit will be con
trolled by tr.ll-patf-s. and there will be
places where cyclists may enter upon
the path. The small toll of 5 cents — 10
rents round trip— will be charged for
the use of th* track and undoubtedly
several hundred wheelmen will dally
pass between the two cities.
Great enthusiasm Is exhibited over
this project by Pasadenans generally,
and a revival of interest in cycling is
distinctly noticeable in anticipation of
the pleasure to be derived from excur
sion?! over this elevated road, from
which magnificent views of the country
may be seen in an ideal manner.
Within a few weeks Pasadena will
have a bicycle parade for which prep
arations are already being made and
into which every cyclist here is expect
ed to enter. The society people, headed
by Mr. Dobbins, are especially inter-
ested and the event is likely to prove a
fashionable one. A large number of
wheelwomen will enter and the public
schools will take part. Prizes have been
offered for the finest entries. This par
ade has been arranged by the Better
Roads Society largely in the interest of
the cycleway project, to determine the
number of wheelmen in Pasadena and
to arouse still greater interest in cy
cling.
WILL LEAVE SACRAMENTO
WITH NO POLICE COURT.
Judge Hart to Decide That This
Judicial Department Is Not
a Legal One.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. W.— Judge E. C.
Hart of the Superior Court of this county
will to-morrow file an opinion which In
effect will leave Sacramento City with
out a Police Court. The opinion will be
a very exhaustive one, and in substance
holds that the city charter tinder which
the present Police Court was established
cannot change the functions, powers or
jurisdiction of the Justices' courts, which
are the creations of legislative enactment,
with well-defined limitations.
The present Judge of the Police Court
is a city Justice, and in the future, in
stead of dealing with misdemeanors com
mitted within the city limits, as such, he
will hear all city complaints as city Jus
tice of the Peace.
WENT THROUGH THE ICE.
Two Young Skaters Drowned Near
Fort Sherman.
SPOKANE. Jan. 30.— A special to the
Spokesman-Review from Coeur d'Alene,
Idaho, says: Oscar and Ammi Joslyn,
aged 10 and 12 years, sons of Musician
Joslyn of the Sixteenth Infantry
band, stationed at Fort Sher
man, were drowned at 3 o'clock to
day while skating on the ice. Two
other boys went through the ice with
them, but were rescued. Oscar Joslyn
was taken out unconscious and removed
to the post hospital, where all efforts to
resuscitate him proved unsuccessful. The
accident occurred near the mouth of the
river, and the body of Ammi was carried
under thp ice by the current before as
sistance reached" him. The rapid current
of the river has prevented it from freez
ing over, and parties are searching for
the body.
CAUGHT SETTING FIRE
TO A SAN JOSE HOUSE.
Incendiary Seized by a Constable
Just as He Had Applied
the Match.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 30.— A man, giving the
name of Peter McGinnis, was caught this
evening in the act of setting fire to thf>
house at 7S South Market street, occupied
by J. E. Ducoing and family. Two flve
pnllnn cans of gasoline and one of cnal
oil had been left sitting on the back
porch, and to these the man had applied
a match. When discovered, the porch
which is inclosed, was in a blaze.
Constable Haley, who lives next door,
happened to be in his back yard when the
flames burst forth, and saw M<~<~;innis as
he arose from applylnig the match. He
rushed over and seized the fln'huß and,
■with the aid of others, extinguished the
flames. The fellow was taken to the
police station. He refused to discuss his
crime.
McGlnnis is about 50 years of age and
a. stranger here. It is not known how
he got to the rear of the house, as all the
gates were closed. He was slightly un
der the influence of liquor. A charge of
arson will be placed against him.
STARTS FIRE WITH KEROSENE.
Ogden Woman Shockingly Burned
Because of Her Recklessness.
OGDEX, Jan. SO.-Mrs. Frank M. K>r
nan had an experience building a fire
with kerosene which cost her her
lifo. She had built the fire, and as it
hurried slowly, started to pour oil on the
coals from a five-gallon can which con
tained about a gallon. Tho flames leaped
Into the can and there was an explosion
which shook the house. Mm Kernan's
clothing was saturated with oil, and In
an Instant was enveloped by flames She
rushed screaming to the parlor, where
Phe was met by her husband, who extin
guished the fire with rugs. The kitchen
was still in flames, but was saved by the
ii'ißhborp.
Mrs. Kernan was so badly burned that
her linger ends dropped off and burned
flesh hung In shreds from all parts of her
body. She died this aftf-rnoon.
CHINESE FIGHT A DUEL.
Poor Markmanship Prevents the
Shedding of Mongolian Blood.
HANFORD. Jan. 30.— Two Chinamen,
Soo Qule and Mong Kee, created consid
erable excitement yesterday by fight
ing a duel with six-shooters. As neither
was an expert marksman no one was
hurt, but the bullets flew thick and fast
in the neighborhood of the shooting The
bloodthirsty Celestials were arrested and
released on bail.
Accidentally Shot and Killed.
VALLEJO, Jan. 30.— James . Armstrong
an old resident of this city, .while riding
up the Napa road on a buckboard this
afternoon, was killed by the accidental
discharge of a gun. The hammer caught
in some manner while he was holding
the gun between his feet. The body was
£ i.? n j£_ Na a « where an inquest will bo
held. The deceased leaves a family
Eureka Besidence Burned.
EUREKA, Jan. . 30.— Manson Moore's
home and its contents were destroyed by
nre aat 4 o'clock . this morning, the mem
bers of the family barely escaping with
their 1 Ve f\,T he flre is thought to have
been started by the explosion of a coal
on lamp left burning in a lower room on
ff o CC ss C B °£'ti££ s ' ckness «n the family? The
loss is $1200; insurance $500.
O'Brien 8 Patent Spring, best and easl
ffr« oVii made Rubber 'or steel
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 81, 1898.
SAILOR GIRL
THE WINNER
Takes the Final in the
Coursing at Los
Angeles.
White Chief Beats Klondike in
a Match to Decide
• Supremacy.
Triplet Bicyclists Fall to Pass Prince
Hooker in the Five-Mile
Race.
Bpecial Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 30.— The fine
weather to-day created a desire in
every one to be out of door 6, and a
large crowd witnessed the coursing at
Agricultural Park. The ground is in
fine condition now both for hares and
' hounds, and as a result the races are
long and exciting. Dr. Van Hummell's
dogs, which will appear at the Ingle
: side- Park soon, are attracting consid
erable attention from sporting men
here, and are hard to beat, although
! some of the local favorites crowd them
I closely.
The five-mile race between Bob
: Hackney's thoroughbred. Prince Hook
er, and the triplet bicycle, ridden by
Fritz Lacy, "Walter Cromwell and A.
W. Palmer, had the accumulated in
terest of three weeks centered upon it.
This was the third trial the bicycle
| boys have made for a winning, and In
; spite of former failures their friends
! still had confidence In their prowess.
j It was a neck and neck race from the
! start, and for the first four miles it
I looked as though the wheelmen would
win. but in the last quarter of the last
; mile Prince Hooker showed his speed
! and came in ahead, winning again by
half a length. There was a good deal
;of money up on this race, and the
| nerves of the audience were tense from
start to finish.
In the first run off of the coursing
Van Bridle beat Santiago, a bye; Fris
! co beat Monday Noon; Uger beat Jack
] II: Sailor Girl beat Rag Baby; John
Mitchell beat Cyclone; Rialto beat
1 Breach of Promise; Romeo beat Here
We Are, a bye; Van Nida beat
Fannie S (formerly Fannie C), a
: bye; General beat Dawning; Van
i Cloie beat Girofie: B B and B beat
j Aegis; imp. Chit Chat beat Black
I Beauty; Hardy beat Juliet; Red Dick
beat Skyball; Sailor Boy beat Maid of
Erin, a bye; Trip beat Grace Hatchett.
The next was a match race between
White Chief and Klondike, best two in
i three heats, th*» former dog winning
; with a high score.
In the first ties Frisco beat Santiago;
| John Mitchell beat Tigor; Sailor Girl
| beat Rialto; Fannie S (formerly Fan-
I nic C II) beat Romeo; Van Cloie beat
General; imp. Chit Chat beat B B and
B: Hardy beat Red Dick; Trip beat
| Sailor Boy.
In the third ties Sailor Girl beat
■ Frisco; John Mitchell beat Fannie S;
I Van Cloie beat Hardy; Trip beat Chit
; Chat.
In the third ties Sailor Girl beat John
Mitchell; Trip beat Van Cloie.
In the finals Sailor Girl beat Trip,
taking first money; Trip second; bal
ance divided.
READY FOR THEIR BOUT.
Both Casey and Stelzner Are in the
Pink of Condition.
VALLEJO, Jan. 30.— All arrangements
have been completed for the Stelzner and
Casey bout, which will take place at
Vallejo on Tuesday night. Casey has
bee working hard at Burns Park under
the supervision of Billy Glfford. Casey
feels very confident and says that he will
surprise the admirers of Stelzn<r.
Stelzner has been in training at
Crockett, and he, ton, phvs ho n«»ver felt
better in his life. If he proves the victor
in the coming contest he would like to
box Alex Grr-ggains again. •
Arrangements will likely be mad* to
have a steamer run to San Francisco
after the contest.
Both men will enter the ring at 175
pounds, and from all appearances It will
be the best contest that has ever been
held In Vallejo.
Ignores Corbett's Challenge.
DETROIT, Jan. 30.— Fitzslmmons and
Julian declined to consider Corbett's chal
lenge to-day. Consldlne, of this city, who
hnd undertaken to have the fight pulled
off for a purse of $25,000. had an inter
vi»-w with Julian and Fitzsimmons, with
representatives of the press as witnesses.
Fitzsimmons declared that Corbett was
no longer in his class and would not be
until he had whipped Maher.
CARDBOARD FACTORY BURNED.
Manufacturers Lose Heavily in a
Blaze at New York.
NEW YORK. Jan. 30.— The cardhnnrd
factory of S. Trier & Son, which caught
fire early this morning, wan entirely de
stroyed. In the same building Samuel
Srhindlemnn had a knitting poods mill
and Schneider Bros, a cut-glass factory
The firm of Trier & Son had machinery
valued at $40,000, all of which was de
stroyed. Their total loss is placed at
more than $100,000. The losses of Schindle
man and Schneider Bros., whose plants
were also completely destroyed, could
not be ascertained. «-«uiu
Steamship Tabasco Disabled.
HALIFAX. N. S., Jan. 30.-The steam
ship Mongolian, which arrived from Liv
erpool to-night, reports that on Tuesday
last «hj P&ssed the steamship Tabasco
disabled, with another steamship stand-
Ins l;y and passing a tow line. They
to^t^Vzores. th£y WC ' re 6 ° ing t3 tow
The Soft Glow of the Tea Rose
is acquired by ladies who use Pomoki's
Complexion Powdeb. Try it.
NOTES OF THE
NATIONAL GUARD
The First and the Fifth
Regiments on Jubilee
Day Parade.
Delay in Signing the Commis
sion of the Assistant Adju
tant-General.
Army Officer Gives Good Pointers
to Regard to Non-Commis
sioned Officers.
During: the past week but little has
been going on In National Guard circles,
for during that time the members of
the several companies that took part In
the parade on Golden Jubilee day were
resting from their wearisome tramp over
cobbles and uneven basalt blocks. There
was on the day of the parade consid
erable comment on the appearance of the
two regiments that took part in the first
division, and there were some, who,
standing on the sidewalk, on those por
tions of Market street where the pave
ment is neither even nor comfortable for
man or beast to walk upon, found fault
with the marching of the men and the
alignment. Had these Individuals seen
the men of the two regiments marching
on Van Ness avenue, where the pavement
is smooth, they would have discovered
that as the companies passed in "com
pany front," the marching of each and
the alignment and distance were equal to
that of the regulars, who preceded them.
Considering the fact that the members
of the National Guard have drills but
once a week and that they do not receive
the same amount of instruction as do
the men who are enlisted for service in
the regular army, it must be said to the
oredit of the members of the First and
Fifth Infantry Regiments that on the
parade they carried out the suggestions
of their commanding officers to make a
line appearance. The members of the
Fifth, in their service uniforms, gave, a
correct idea of what a soldier looks like
when in actual service, while the First,
in full dress uniform, gave evidence of
how soldiers look on occasions of cere
mony. As the taxpayers are the ones
who support the Guard, it is well that
there was a difference in the dress of
the two regiments, so that they might
have an opportunity to see how the Na
tional Guardsmen appear on and off the
field.
It is now nearly a month since Thomas
Cluff was appointed assistant adjutant
general on the staff of the division com
mander, but up to last Saturday he had
not received his commission, and the
headquarters in the Baldwin Hotel are
still in charge of an aid. Cluff is anxious
to take fill charge of the office and as
sume its duties, but legally he Is unable
to do so for want of the signature of
the Governor to his commission.
It Is probable that now that the Jubilee
week is over there will be considerable
work done in the First Regiment of In
fantry and that not only the lieutenants,
In accordance with the suggestions of the
adjutant general made some time ago.
will be given an opportunity to handle a
company, but that the non-commissioned
officers will have an opportunity to be
thoroughly instructed in their duties. In
view of this, the following, from a paper
recently contributed by Lieutenant C. W.
Farber. Eighth United States Cavalry, to
the Journal of the Military Service Insti
tution, will prove interesting to those who
will see that the non-coms are perfect In
what they have to do. The paper is en
titled "To Promote the Efficiency of Non
commissioned Officers":
Good, capable ■ -.-commissioned officers
form bo strong a backbone to an organization
be it troop, company or battery, that if the non
commissioned officers «re not up to the mark
of reasonably fair efficiency, there is no end
of annoyance to the commander. Whenever
called upon to go through Its paces, the or
ganization shows up its defects most glaringly:
I these to a certain extent are beyond the rem
edy of the captain, and the service suffers ac
cordingly. All officers who have commanded
troops and have been called upon to fill va
cancies among non-commissioned officers have
observed that sometimes the "material" for
non-commissioned officers was Indifferent, bad
or altogether absent. At such a time the cap
tain shakes his ht>ad. sighs, selects the one he
deems best entitled to the extra $2. makes the
man a corporal and trusts to luck. If on drills
the new corporal goes wrong, or does nothing,
which is nearly always the case, the captain
shouts himself hoarse in trying to command
the troop, and the corporal's squad at the
same time. If on guard or on other duty the
corporal's military knowledge Is deficient, the
captain hears trim the commanding officer,
an.l he is also kindly informed by his brother
officers of the corporal's lack of brains. The
corporal, however, may be a good man, but
one who has never had any ambition. Now
, on account of the honor fo suddenly thrust up
on him. the corporal finds himself In a per
plexed situation, and in the eyes of his com
rades in a more or less ridiculous one Yet
■ this same man once roused and brought to a
realizing sense of his position, may with
j study and attention, become a good non-com
missioned officer; hut during his developing
period the troop i* deprived of one bone of
the military vertebrae. How many non-com
missioned officers are there in each troop who
understand how to make out the troops re
turns and reports, keep rosters and the troop
records? How many who know what the ra
tion consists of, and how to get It, or are well
versed in the method of performing guard
duty, and do It properly? Even drills, the
number who can take out a squad and go
through all the evolutions perfectly, is small
indeed. As file-closers, and even in the squad
room they require constant prodding. How
many times Is not the captain compelled to
directly jump the private for little remiss
nesses which the corporal or sergeant has neg
lected to correct, and which correction was
strictly within the sphere of duty of that non
commissioned officer? Again, there is too
much familiarity with privates, not that the
private soldier '. - unworthy of the notice of
the non-commlssloned officer, or that he
should have no intercourse with him, that
would be absurd; for two brothers, or father
and son. might be serving in the same com
pany, or the non-commissioned officer's best
friend might be a private— the distinction is
only one. of degree in a particular class in the
military system. There are certain things
which the non-commissioned officer can do.
and others which he cannot or should not do.
But how many corporals, even sergeants, are
there who can exercise the proper regard for
the proprieties of such Intercourse?
THE FIFTH REGIMENT.
By Regimental Orrtors No. 1 it appears
that since the Issuance of previous orders
In December, twenty-one members of the
NEW TO-DAT.
pr()FFICIAL EYE"^
W of the Japanese Inspectors is
■ on every pound of ■
I Japan "fea ]
E offered for shipment. Only that M
Wk which is absolutely, pure and of M
P^nigh quality is allowed to leave /ft
vi^\ that country.
*' T^fcl^ All grocers sell It. ,^^^^"
•'^dfi&U^Wß '•'-' '■' •■• ' vt > u*poi»onou»
'•Vt^SP^^ I *"^*^ remed7 for tionorrhira.
Ajjy t'UliKis^Mn GJct-t, > [•■ i in a I vi rtiv:t,
My ls 1 to s.i»7j.^H Whites, unnatural dis-
j^jjHf Guiramced f| charges, or any infliimnia-
V q *J_ B °t «>i ftritiare. tion, irritation or ulcera
"rtTenu tont»floo. tion of gncom niciii -
ii«VHEEviNS CHEMint.no.' raneB - Xon-Mtrlngent.
■ijHlicsNcuKiiTi.o ■■ Sold by Drß «n»ti,
vStA Ca. i s^M^ or * <>nt in plain wrapper,
'^E^^ ' !^9 by expreH, prepaid, for
'•^■■Vr^l I 1I 1 - 00 or 3 bottlri. $2.75.
■ Circuiar nut on rwiaeit.
regiment have been discharged as fol
lows: From Com pan v B. son account of
removal and 1 at expiration of term of
service; E. 2 on account of removal: F. 1
lor the good of the service. 2 at expiration
of term of service, and 7 on account of re
moval; and H. 3 on account of removal.
Private J. M. McCruden has been ap
pointed sergeant of Company F. Corpor
als J. T. Wycoff and Percy S. King have
been promoted sergeants of Company H,
and privates Fred L. Salkeld. Theo M.
Marvls. Gilbert A. Wright and James
bnanks have been promoted corporals of
the same company.
DR. BROWN'S FAREWELL.
A Large Gathering at Metropolitan
Hall to Listen to the Un
frocked Minister.
Dr. C. O. Brown delivered his farewell
address at Metropolitan Hall, last even-
Ing, beforo an audience that filled every
part of the edifice to the doors. Many
went there out of Idle curiosity to hear
the man who has occupied so unsavory
position in local church circles during the
past two years, but there were others,
and they wore in the majority, who were
moved to fo lir gs of sympathy, and seized
the opportunity to express their kindly
feelings for the ex-minister. Some of the
old congregation of the First Church at
tended the services, thereby testifying to
f wVotlonw Votlon t0 tnelr former pastor.
At the conclusion of the services a
somewhat remarkable demonstration took
p ace. Men and women crowded onto the
pi« mto sha ke hands with Dr. Brown,
and for fully half an hour he was the
recipient of well-wishes. While this was
going on hundreds stood in their places
watching the proceedings, and finally Dr.
22 WW w n ?t? ta *ioned himself at the main exit
and bade good-by to his friends as they
passed out.
The services opened with an organ vol
untary, after which Dr. Brown requested
the audience to arise and sing "Rock of
Ages, the ex-minister Joining in the sing
ing with sest. Charles Montgomery, one
of Dr. Brown's most loyal friends, read
J? m mei ne ftftn chapter of Romans, and
offered prayer, and at its conclusion an
nounced that a collection would be taken
up to help defray Dr. Brown's expenses,
me response was most liberal.
Another hymn. "My Faith Looks Up
to Thee," and then Dr. Brown stepped
forward and began his sermon. Reading
f.^? m manuscript, he took for his text.
The Wages of Sin is Death," saying.
In part:
"He who breaks the Divine lav must
feel its wrath, and the wrongdoer must
retrace his steps for the constabulary of
righteousness is omnipotent, and takes no
account of Intervening sea or continent.
%\ hen the wrongdoer awakes he finds that
he has lost a large part of his rights
and a considerable part of his life. Many
a man not dead is drawing h!s pay at
the counter of death's exchange. Life is
the sum of opportunities, of joys, of
friendship, of affection, of business and
professional associations, of social amen
ities. That which destroys all these is a
process of death, and sin Is that fell
destroyer. Life is not worth living when
the peace of God departs, as I have ex
perienced. The vital breath of civilza
tion is righteousness, and this is exempli
fied in social, business and religious inter
course. There is no such thing as liberty
without truth, and the moment a man
sins the sword of Justice flashes and lib
erty is dead."
Hp closed by saying: "I have been
asked frequently of late regarding my
plans for the future. I have none. I
am in the hands of Him who directed
me here to lay bare my sin, and He will
guide me hereafter. I shall first re
turn to Chicago and see my fam
ily and consult with the members of the
congregation I presided over there; after
that I don't know what I shall do. And
now, dear friends, until day breaks and
the shadows clear away, farewell."
NEW TO-DAY.
Annual Sales over©, OOO, OOO Boxes
prapt
FOB BILIOUS AND NEEVOUS DISOEDERS
such as Wind and Pain In the Stomach,
Giddiness. Fulness after meals. Head-
ache. Dizziness. Drowsiness. Flushings
of Heat, Loss of Appetite. Costiveness.
Blotches on the Skin. Cold Chills. Dis-
turbed Sleep. Frightful Dreams and all
Nervous and Trembling Sensations.
THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF
IN TWENTY MINUTES. Every sufferer
will acknowledge them to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECIIAJTS PILLS, taken as direct-
ed, will quickly restore Females to com-
plete health. They promptly remove
obstructions or irrecularities of the sys-
tem and cure sick Headache* Fora
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
And have the
LARGEST SALE
of any Patent Medicine In the World.
25c. at all Drue Stores.
F A r L
fg- \\
DR. SWEANY.
If you are suffering from the results of
indiscretions of youth, or from excesses
of any kind In maturer years; or If you
have Shrunken Organs, Lame Back, Vari-
cocele. Rupture", exhaustive drains, etc..
you should waste no time, but consult this
Great Specialist; he speedily and perma-
nently cures all diseases of Men and Wo-
men. Call on or write him to-day. He
can cure you. Valuable Book sent Free.
Address
in. Xj. S"WEJ-A.jSnr, M.D.
737 Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.
RAILROAD TRAVEL. -
[ji=====f] CALIFORNIA
LIMITED.
if?JitlBi§li ll san FRANCISCO
j [ HBikaaiit rTi ii'JnEgJjj CHICAGO.
Leaves San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS, THURSDAYS AND
SATURDAYS.
Carries first-class passengers only, but with-
out extra charge.
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Drawing-Room Sleepers,
3Vi days .to Chicago, 4Va days to New York.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
Leaves dally at 4:30 p. m., carrying Pullman
Palace and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars on
fast time. Direct connection In Chicago and
Kansas City for all Eastern points.
Trains arrive and depart from Market-street
Ferry. San Francisco ticket office. 644 Market
street. Chronicle building. Telephone Main
1520. Oakland ' office, 1118 Broadway. Sacra -
mento ottice, 201 J street. San Jose, 7 West
Santa Clara street.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
(Via Sausalito Ferry).
Leave San Francisco, commencing Novem-
ber 13. 1897:
Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— B:oo. 10:00. 11:30 a. m.. 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, • $1.
THOS. COOK . & . SON, Agents. 621 Market
street, Ban Francisco.
NEW 20-DAY. •V.;.; - -
: •88 8888888883888888 58 8888888888?S 888 888 88888 8 8 8 8 ar a Baa »•
: : riTVAE DA DIC :;
:: LI 1 1 Ur SWp r AKI j :
88 DRY GOODS COMPANY.' S8
2 .. . 1898 . . I
I SPRING ANNOUNCEMENT ! 1
: „ We will open on Tuesday, February Ist, the first installment of **
£ SPRING WASH FABRICS, consisting of the following lines: ~
*. 36-inch Percales, elegant assortment of dark and 1 01/» tl
•° light effects I&2C Yard 88
•* 32-inch Madras, very choice colorings for shirt 1K n 83
.• -waists, etc 1 Oil Yard. Jg
o« French Organdies, white grounds with handsome OP*/* £«
r, floral figures (COL> Yard " * 3
JS Our White Goods Department contains the choicest lines of Im- 88
88 ported and Domestic WASH MATERIALS ever shown in this city 88
88 68-inoh Organdies 400, sOc, eOc, 75c, 83c and $1 per yard. 88
88 32-inch Swiss 18c, EOc, 23c, 83c and BOe per yard. 88
g8 Also Dimities, both Checked and Spriped Nainsooks, Mulls, «•
jj Persian Lawns, India Linen, Tarlatans, Apron Lawns, Etc.
S8 CPFPIA! f 66-inch Dotted French Muslins and French OR. «•
o. OILUIML i Grenadines, suitable for dresses or waists... OOQ PerYwd ,
SS SAMPLES SENT ON APPLICATION. 88
88 MAIL ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY FILLED. ,; S3
a CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY I
J£ Corner Geary and Stockton Sts. (Union Square), San Francisco.
•88 8888888888888888 88888888888888888S8888888888888888888S88888888888888§
Lay the axe^^V^" 7\i B
to the root of the tree^J! ... i.
Most people hardly realize that headaches and dyspepsia and \\\ • !
other miseries all come from one cause, and that taking a separate 1, 1 1
remedy for each symptom is like picking the leaves off an obnoxious It, I i
tree instead of striking at the root. Headache, or sluggishness, or if 'I .
disordered stomach or constipation or offensive breath show that lA
either the stomach or bowels or the liver are not doing their natural # m " .'
week, »»d rh :
RIP AN S TABULES R
Go to the root ot all these difficulties by immediately correcting I. F; i
the stomach and gently stimulating the liver and bowels to healthy 1 1 HI , :
action. These Tabules are the accurate prescription of a regular V\ 1 111
physician ; they are a simple remedy, as mild yet certain as fpi ] I
nature itself. To people of sedentary habits, professional and busi- Ail!- •> I
ness men, and particularly to women, these Tabules insure a ji'Jj" j/fLr
regular habit, comfortable digestion, and a clear head ; preventing ¥ 1 y^^
many a serious illness with its long train of Buffering and expense. Hf \/y
The two most important processes of life (assimilation of food VfiY .A I
and elimination of waste) depend almost entirely upon the stomach, fjy in 1
liver and bowels ; their healthy action, maintained by Ripans J&JkflBUllBil!
Tabules, dispels a long list of ailments. For headaches, indigee- ,^S|H«P |B|Sl
tion, dyspepsia, biliousness, constipation, dizziness, /c&0 * 101 l
fluttering of the heart, slug- . *— -^^^S» VEM
gishness. poor sleep, loss of Xrs<£~^z*^^-—( . >$Il
appetite, depression, heart- r^^^ i]^^^^ M^ y • n*&\
burn, nausea, bad taste in the * — --r-iimr.i, . , , ,fp*&**?Z^X\Qr* **.p*L. ■ ,-
mouth, sallow skin, and all \^^•_*££££J^^Ssr <$. fi^w
the ills caused by take a *""*" vv;,///^^^^l %'
ordered stomach, take a w
RIPANS TABULE. !K^ Mi^^^^^^^^s^^^^^^^^^f\
One i . — • " ~^^^a**^^^ ; v--^^^ S^u^.
Will do you good. "^ " *^ s * "w^V 1^
SJLILB.OAD TSAVILL.
«OlTHi:k>' PACIFIC COMPAST.
(PACIFIC IIRBL)
Tiklik !«■»» *• nml nrc tlu« to nrrUe at
SAN I'K.tXIIMi).
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
leave — From January 1, 1898. — ariuti
•G:OO\ Nil. 8 San Jose and Way Stations... *8:4.1 a
?:OO.v Benicia, Suisun and Sacramento.... 10:45 a
7:OUa MarysTillc. OroTilleand Redding Tia
Woodland 5:4Sr
7:(M»a Vacaville and Ramsey 8:45p
7i3»a Martinez, San Ua iron. Vallejo. Napa,
Calitioga am Santa Rosa 6:1
• iOOa Atlantn-KxpresB, Ofdcu and liast.. S:43p
■•:i«A Kilos. San .lone. sincKtou, lone. ; :;.,'
SacrauicuCo, Marysville, Chico.
Tehamaandßeaitluff 451.1f
•S:3oa Fetere, .Milton ami Oakdale «~slsp
9tOl>A New Urleaus i;»i>i«T.n. Merced, Ray-
mond, Kresuo, nakcrstielil. Santa
ll:uii.iiii. Ins Angelas, Demlnif,
El Vaso, Now Orleans and Kast. «:4?»r
•:»Oa Vtllelo. Martinez, Merced and
Fresno 12:13r
•l:OOr Sacramento Hirer Steamers «»:OOp
l:OOr Nilcs. SanJoeeaDd Way Stations., J9:l3a
liHOi Martinez and Way Station* 7:13p
*:«>«!■ Livermore, Mendota, Hanford and
Vwalia 4:15-.
LlTenoore, San Jose, and Way
Stations JlO-.15*
4:OOi- Mnrtiuc. Sim ltamon, Vallejo,
Nairn. i':<]i»t(.ga. Xl Veraiio and
S«iiU ItOM •»!**
4s«*i> Benicia, VacaTille. Woodland,
Knights Lauding, Marseille, Oro-
Tille and Sacramento 1«:«Sa
4tSOp NUcs, San Jose. Tracy and Stockton .. 7«15p
4sBUp Lathrop. Modesto, Merced, Berenda,
Fn-Buo. Mojave (for Randsburg),
Santa Uarbara and l.oa Angeles.. Ti43a
4:X«r Santa l'o Route. Atlautio Kxr>ress
for Mdja»e and Kast 6i«p
VBit*r " Sunset Limited." Los Angelea, El
Pago, Fort Worth, Little Rock, St.
Louis, Chicago and East {10:13 a
V3:3wr " Sonset Limited Annex," El Pmo.
New Orleans and East St o:ls a
•iO«p Kuropeau Mail, O£>lun and Kast.... 9:43 a
C:OOi> Tlay»imK Nilcs und Han Jose 7:43>
t*:OOr Vallejo 17:43p
SiOOp Oregon If mnws,tlsni«niiito, Marys-
Tllic. UcMI-t. rortland, Puget
Si » ii ill and lost Kil3a
B AN li£AM»K<> am» lIAVWAUDS LOCAL.
( Foot of Market Street.)
~F5:OOa1 ? 7:15 a
8:00 a Mflronf, Seminary Park, (*9:43 a
i2. ! oSa Ki»clibiir . Elmhnrst, WAT,
i1I:uOa San Lenntlro, South San 18:4.%r
tl»«Ox LeMdrcEatudillo, g^[|»
isVoop Lorenzo. Cherry ■! (4:45p
4:00p . 13:43p
8:0«p n.;;!, \ 6:13r
0:30p i HsTwardn. T 7:43p
7:OOp %§M>>i&m>'®s& i *--t~>i-
»:OOr i { UM through to Niles. r »-*3p
9:OOp i jFroinNlles lOi3«r
ttll:l3pj """"rules. { ttl2:ooP
COAST Vision (Narrow <MUkn).
(Foot of Market Street.)
■ iI-Ia Newark. Oentt:r«ill<i,Sitii.lom),Kelton,
» 'reck. Santa iiiz and Way
Stations SiStfr
•2:!5r Newark, ContcrTllle, Sau Jose. New
Alinnden. Vclton, Houlder C'rtek,
Santa Cruz and rrincipal Way
Stations •I*:.1Oa
4ilsi> Newark, Hmi .lose and Los Gatos ... 9i20.«
f11:45p Hunters' I>.cur?io!i. Sao Jose and i
Way SUtions t7:BOp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
ton SIS FRIKCISCO — Foot sf Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:16 Ml 11:00 a.ii. tl-.00 *2:00 t3:09
•4:00 15:00 *e:OOr.M.
PromOHUßD— foot •rßrondwiT.— "o:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
«2:00'*l:C0. t3:QO "-3:00 tl:00 "S:OOf.M.
COAST VISION ( Uroad Uauge).
■_ (TUlrd and Townsend Sts.)
Ci33a .Sau Joao and Way Stations (New
Almadeu Wednesdays unly) «:35*
•iO«a San Joso. Trea Vinos,.. Santa Cruz,
l'acilio Grove. l'aso Hobles, Sau
Luis niiinpi), Cuadalupe, Surf anil
Trincipal Way Stations 4i1.1i-
I»:4Oa Sau Jose mid Way Stations ».H:OOa
I1:3Oa «an J^so and Way Stations 8:35 a
•a:3ui-San Mate... Redwood, Meulo Park,
Santa Clara, San Jose, Gilroy,
Hollister. Bsiif ('in.-, Salinas,
Monterey mid l'ttciiio Crore "IO:4O*
•8:1 5p San .lose and Principal Way Stations •!»:«<» A
•4:13 - San Jose ami Principal Way .Stations 9:45 A
•3:oop San Jose and Principal Way Stations 1 :"Of
»:3Oi- San Jose and Principal Way Stations ."i:3Op
«::s<»p SauJosaaud Way.Statious 7:*J»p
t11:45i- San Jose and Way Stations 7»»UP
A for Morning. I" for Afternoon.
• Bnndavs ezcepted. J Sundays only, t Saturday* only.
J' Monday, Thursday aud Saturday nights only-
Mondays and Thursdays. : -
Wednesdays and Satmaaj*. •.-
BAIXROAD TSAVEL.
SAN FRANCISCO AND nortbTpacihc
RAILWAY CO. •: ;:: /
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL. -
WEEK DATS— 7:3O. 9:00. 11:00 a. m. ; 12:85.
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 8:30,
5:00. 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:60. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.:
12:45. 3;40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips
at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m. • • -.
SUNDAYS— «:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.: 1:40, S:iO.
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Echuetren ParK
same schedule as above. ' . -
Leave in pfr<v*t Arrive
San Francisco. oc" 24? 311 Frandsoa
Week 1 Sun- n-.t^tinn Sun- ,] WeeS "
Days. I day 3. DeatinaUoa daya/ j fl^
7:30 a.m. 18:00 a.m. 'Novato, 10:40 a.m. B:4oa.mT
8:30 p.m. 9:Soa.m. Petaluma. 6:10 p.m. 10:35 a.m.
s:lUp.m. 5:00 p.m. Santa Rosa. 7:35 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
Fulton, ~ r"~~r "~~
7:80 a.m. ' Windsor, . 10:25 a.m.
Healdsburgr,
Lytton,
Geyeervllle,
3:30 p.m. S:ooa.m. Cloverdale. 7:88 p.m. 6:3Jp.ra.
j 1 Hopland and I " - ~
7:SOa.m.|B-00a.m.l Ukiah. | 7:85 p.m. a:np.m.
7:80 a.m. ~~ j ) ; 10:36 a.m.
S :00a.m. Guernevllle. 7:35 p.m.
B:Sop.m. j 6:23 p.m.
7:30 a.m. 3 :00 a.m. Sonoma 10:40 a.m. 8:40 a.m.
and
6:10 p.m. 5:00 p.m. Glen Ellen.' 6:10 p.m. 6:23 p.m.
7:Soa.m.]B:ooa.m.) gebastonoL |10:40a.m.]10:25a.m.
» :30p.m. :00p.m. I SeoastopoL [ 7:35pm | 7:22p.51
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springy; at Geyserville for Skagrgs Springs; at
C'loverdale for the Geysers: at Hopland for
Highland Springs. Kelseyville, Soda B«v.
Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah '^" -
Vichy- Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue LakJT.
Laurel Dell Lake. Upper Lake. Porno, Potter
Valley, John Day's. Riverside, Lierley's, Buck-
nell's, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville, Boonville.
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendoeino City. Fort
Bragg, Westport. Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices— 6so Market street. Chronicle
building. >
A: W. FOSTER. R. X. RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO & SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 10. 1887, trains will na ac
follows: _
Southbound. | j Northbound! '
; Passen- Mixed U tat 4 On « Mixed i Passed
ger Sunday Bta "ona. . Sunday - , e r
Dally. Exc'ptd j — Excp'td Daily.
i 7:20 a.m. 9:00 a.m. Stockton 3:45 p.m. 6:40 p.mT
9:10 a.m. 12:50 p.m. Merced 12:50 p.m. 3:5.J p.m.
10:40 a.m. 3:50 p.m. Fresno j J:3oa.m. 2:20 pm.
11:40 a.m. 5:20 p.m. Hanford . :45 a.m. 1:15 D m.
! 12:15 p.m. 6.45 p.m. Visalia 6:40 a.m. 12:40 p.m.
i Stopping at intermediate points when required
;.- Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
C. N. & 1. Co., leaving San Francisco and
Stockton at 6:00 p. m. dally; at Merced witS
stages to and from SnelllnKs, Coulterville, etc. -
also with stage from Hornttos, Mariposa, etc a
at Lankershlm with stage to and from Madera.
deru. 
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via SauBalito Ferry. .
From San Francisco. Commencing September
19, IS97* . ■ ' ■ - .
WEEK DAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Kafael— »o-*n
11:30 a. m.; -1:45. 3:45, '5:13. 6:00, 6:30 p m'
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays"
A\ ednesdays and Saturdays at 11-30 d m *
SUNDAYS /
Trains marked • run to San'ouentln
• THROUGH TRAINS
' :r?: r? a - m : V- eek day S for c azadero and wav mta.
Sundays for Point Reyes andway *&&"-ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
NEED OF A
UNITED FRONT
Hilborn Sends Words of
Warning From
Congress.
-
A Park Argument That Seems '
to Have Escaped All
Notice.
Ebell and Improvement Clubs Are !
at Work With More Energy
Than Ever.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
90S Broadway, Jan. 30.
Two events have been expected dur
ing th" pa?t week that are very close
ly related. It is reported that the
Government engineer is now advertis
ing- for bids for dredging the harbor,
and Dr. J. T. McLean, AJameda'fl
health officer, has been granted a long
leave of absence and will go to Wash
ington. The doctor has Yosemite Val
ley Interests, which need his presence
at the Capital, but he also has
of his own — and very pronounced ones
—regarding the end of the estuary
that should be attended to first. Nat
urally the people of Oakland are
somewhat anxious as to what Dr.
McLean may attempt, and past his
tory justifies their anxiety. It is evi
dent that if bids are let at this time.
they will be for the carrying out of
the work in accordance with Colonel
Suter's recommendation, which is not
favorable to the tidal canal.
Mr. Hilborn has just sent word to the
Oakland Board of Trade that the pres
ent Congress is very much stricken
with a desire for economy. This
means that few new appropriations
will be made, possibly none, and that
any of those already granted will be
called in if any good excuse can I
fered for such action. As there could
hardly be a better excuse needed by
an economical Congress than the fact
that the two cities bordering on the
estuary are at sword's points fln the
matter of harbor improvement, and
have sent reports to Washington, ut
terly contradictory in th^-jr import.
It would seem to be the wiser plan \
for the two cities to agree on a pro- i
gramme and to let work go ahead as
speedily as possible. It is very evident
that everything at this time points to
the deepening of the Oakland end of
the hart, .r first. When this be done
it woulrl not be a difficult matter to
enlist the help of Oakland to secure
the needed Federal relief for Alameda.
Oniy delay and possibly loss of th>
appropriation now available can re
sult from further controversy. Ala
meda' 8 stand has much to recommend
it. and has more than sentiment for
its foundation. The problem it faces
is a serious one." The Government
built a splendid steel drawbridge
a the tidal canal, and placing
confidence in the plans of the engi
that a tideway could be con
structed through to San Leandro Bay.
the town laid down a sewer system
that depended on the daily ebb and
How of the tide. When the plans were
changed the sewer system was robbed
of much of its merit. This makes their
grievance a legitimate one, but just
now it looks as though the quickest re
lief would come by permitting the en
gineer to go ahead without protest,
because Alameda, with her shipbuild-
Ing yards, of which there are none on
the Oakland side of the estuary, woulrl
derive a benefit, even from the start.
A paragraph that appeared In this
column last week has created much in
terest. It referred to the feeling of the
general public in regard to parks, and
one sentence has been quoted as indi
cating that I am not enthusiastic
enough In the matter. The conclusion
was erroneous, for probably no other
paper has published so much news re
jranling the park movement. Only
three weeks ago this paragraph ap
peared, and no one can doubt its truth:
"No one doubts for a moment that a
city of this size should have a large
ornamental tract where its inhabitants
can enjoy themselves. San Francisco
has derived much of its popularity
from the manifold attractions of Gold
en Gate Park. By possession of a sim
ilar playground Oakland would also ob
tain equal valuable notoriety abroad."
The agitation for a park was com
menced by some of the most worthy
men of this city, who were entirely dis
interested, and was not given up by
them till they acknowledged that there
was too much difference of opinion and
too much suspicion of scheming to ac
complish anything.
In this connection there is one argu
ment in favor of purchasing a public
park that does not seem to have been
accorded the attention it deserves. A
good deal of the apathy of the citizen^
is <]ue to the fact that there are. within
easy distance of the city, several splen
did parks in which the public can ram
b!e at will. This being so, the need of
purchasing a large tract is not real
ized. It does not seem to be expected
that the owners of these parks may
not welcome the public as their guestfl
forever and that they may be dosed
The fact that these parks have been
kept open, and that free entertain
ments have been given as a means of
inducing travel must bo viewed in a
new light in the future. In the past,
the street railroad companies controll
ing the parks have offered such induce
ments in the nature of competition.
Now that nearly all those roads have
consolidated, there is no need of com
petition, because there is no more op
position.
It must be remembered that there
has not been even a suggestion that
any of the private parks will be closed,
but it is not wise to expect charity for
ever.
Mayor Thomas's suggestion advanced
last Thursday night to proceed with
the city hall site matter "before it Is
talked to death" is a good one. If
there be any one who will argue that
there is no need of a new city hall in
this city it would be interesting to hear
his argument. Here are a few facts:
The prison has been condemned numer
ous times by the Board of Health and
is now so ancient that it cannot be
made sanitary. The Treasurer cannot
have a strong-box built in his office be
cause the joists are not fit to hold it
and it would tumble into the jail below.
There have been instances in which
prisoners have with ease u.ade holes in
the stone walls and walked through to
liberty. The City Engineer has long
been crowded out and has to occupy
rented quarters across the street. Tho
City Attorney's office is not a decent
size for an ante-room, and— but why
go further? The place is a disgrace to
Oakland; compared with Alameda
everybody should blush. This is not a
matter of sentiment but of urgent ne
cessity and the Mayor's words should
be acted upon.
There ha 3 been a disposition on the
part of some to place the Oakland Im
provement C!ub and the Ebell Society
in a false position regarding their re
lations to each other. One of the lead
ing members of the Ebell has outlined
the stand of th. p. bodies and it shows
conclusively that each is energetically
pursuing the line of work for which it
was organized.
"The improvement club," said she,
"was formed to do what the Ebell So
ciety, as an organization, cuu'.d not do.
It was designed to be so broad and
far-reaching that people belonging to
all organizations could be included. In
all of the sessions that I have attended
I have never y. me \\_ord about
uniting, although it is true that there
are a number of Ebell ladies who be
long to the Improi ement club, bu:
belong only as individuals. Dr. Myra
Knox has not withdrawn from the Im
provement dab. She will remain as a
member and as president; but she has
found that Bhe was giving more time
to the club than she could afford t<">
take from her profession, and it La
probable that henceforth she will not
be so active as Bhe has been in the
past. The club will go on with its
present lines of work, including the
street cleaning; the latter was pro
jected to continue till May. by which
time it is hoped the city government
will take that matter off the club's
hands."
This information is authoritative and
should settle all doubt.
STUART W. BOOTH.
UNLUCKY DAY
FOR OAKLAND
Two Men Dying From Injuries
by the Narrow-Gauge
Trains.
One Man Thrown From a Buggy
and. Another Poisoned by
Tobacco.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
SOS Broadway. Jan. 30. j
Several severe accidents, two of them
probably fatal, occurred in this city to
day, and the doctors at the Receiving
; Hospital put in the busiest day for a year.
John Raddich. a cook, 42 years of age,
was knocked down by a train at the
| narrow-gauge mole this morning, and so !
severely injured on the head that no hope j
is held out for recovery. He -was, with ;
some companions, hunting, but no one
saw the accident. . One reported that
Raddicß put his head up through the
trestle, while others declare that he was \
dodging one train and was knocked down |
by another. His skull was badly frac
tured, and Drs. Stratton, Milton, Fisher I
and Logan operated upon it. They do not j
think he will live.
Raddich died at 10 o'clock from his in
juries at the hospital and was taken to
the Morgue.
A Mexican named Lorenzo, who is a
cook on some vessel in the harbor, fell
oft a train on First and Franklin streets
this afternoon and sustained fatal frac
tures of the skull. There is not a whole
bone in his head, and he will die. Lorenzo
is said to have large interests in some,
islands in the South Seas and to be a
j man with an Interesting history. He was
attended by Drs. Stratton, Willcox and
Sanborn.
John Flaherty came to the hospital,
having driven a pick through his foot.
Flaherty dressed it with a quid of to
bacco that he was chewing, and the
wound, said to be on account of the
saliva, is poisoned. It may cause the
loss of the foot.
J. P. Dunham, a carriage builder, was
driving in a buggy, when the horse shied
i and threw him in the way of an electric
I car. His head was badly cut, two fingers
i were broken and he was severely bruised.
At the Theaters.
OAKLAND. Jan. — An excellent com
pany of comedians and comediennes
will interpret "Courted Into Court" upon
Its first appearance here at the Macdon
ough Theater on Monday evening, the
most important members probably being
Marie Dressier, John C. Rice, John G.
Sparks, Jacques Kruger and several other
well-known farceurs. They only appear
here one night.
At the Oakland Theater the Bremer-
Gleason Company will appear in "Di
vorced." They are playing to good houses
nightly. The scenery is all first-class, and
the parts well sustained.
Miss Gooch Married.
OAKLAND. Jan. 3".— Miss Sadie Gonrh.
a sis-tor of the actrea and for a l"iig time
with the local telephone company, was
marri.d this afternoon at the h<im<' of
her parents to Kup-nc Fraser, a young
business man of San FranCiSCO. Tin'
ceremony was very quiet, only relatives
and Intimate frien is Em tng present.
Expected to Die.
ALAMEDA, Jan. SO.— Thcodor Meets,
the aped capitalist and street-car man.
whose leg was amputated several days
ago, Is very low and is not expected to
live through the night-
Mr. Meets was a native of Germany and
was 77 years old. He had resided in this
country many years, for the past thirty
years in Alameda. He was one of the
largest property owners in the city, own
ing some large tracts in the west end of
town. He leaves a widow but no chil
dren. He was the first man to bull and
operate a street railroad between this
city and Oakland, and In the heyday of
the bathing and .picnic resorts at the
west end he made much money. Subse
quently he sold out his carline interests
to the electric company which now oper
ates them.
Sophomore Debaters Chosen.
BERKELEY, Jan. 30.— Tho sophomores
held their preliminaries at Stiles' Hail
last night for the selection of debaters
to enter the freshmao-sopbomore debate
next month. There were seven contest
ants In the preliminaries— X. K. Christ.-n
sen, W. Wood, J. Robinson. W. J. >
V. W. Dorety, W. M. Martin and T>.
O'Toole. The judges— Dr. Bakewell. I >r.
Dickson and Charles K. Fryer— selected
Martin, Dorety and Robinson to represent
the class. Wood was chosen substitute.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, Jan. 30.— The intercol
legiate baseball games have been sched
uled by Manager Cross <'f California and
Manager Keesling of Stanford for April
9, lfi and 30.
The freshman-sophomore baseball game
will be played tn-morrow afternoon on
the university campus.
A meeting of the associated students
will bo held at the university to-morrow
morning. A resolution will be Introduced
requesting President Kellogg to change
the personnel of the faculty athletics
committee as at present constituted.
To Cure a Cold in One Day.
Take Laxative Bromo Qulnln- Tablets. All
druKsrlßt« refund the money if It fails to cure.
16c. The genuine ha» L. B. Q. on each tablet.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JAMJARY 31, 1898.
LIFE CHEAP
IN CALIFORNIA
Rev. J. A. Cruzan's Ex
planation of the Sui
cidal Mania.
The "Haste to Be Rich" Also
a Potent Cause of Self-
Murder.
San Francisco Only Equaled by
Monte Carlo in the Number
of Suicides.
BERKELEY. Jan. 30.— Rev. J. A.
Cruzan, in a sermon this evening at
the Xorth Berkeley Congregational
Church, on "Self-Murder," declared
that one of the causes of the recent
rapid Increase in the number of sui
ci'it-s In this state is the cheapness
with which lit"-' is held in California, In
his sermon Rev. Cruzan said:
"There has been during: the last few
years an alarming Increase in the num
ber of suieid.-s. This is true of the en
tire world, but especially marked in
civilized countries. As th"> population
lias grown more dense, as the struggle
for existence has grown sharper, and
business competition more Intense, as
the .scale of living has grown less sim
ple, U population has drifted to the
cities, suicides have increased. In Kng
land there is one suicide to every 13,500
of the population; In France, one to
In the United states, .me to 1500.
With the exception of Monaco, no other
country equals California; except
Monte Carlo, no other city equals San
Francisco, with one suicide for each
1250 of h'T people.
"What are th<- causes of suicide" Cli
mate li is much t i do with it. Sweden
has only, half as many suicides U I
land. Certain diseases and heredity
lead to suicide. There arc special causes
which lead t.' suicide. Insanity is one.
It is a question whether any man takes
his life who is perfectly sane. Insan
ity has rapidly Increased In the last
decade. The cause of the increase is
life at high pressure. This is a fast
age. We Americans are a rapid peo
ple. Californians are easily first. All
our life is keyed to concert pitch.
Drive, hurry, worry — steam and elec
tricity are too slow for us. Even a lo
comotive must rest or break. We da
not rest. The madhouse or the suicide's
grave yawns hungrily for the average
California!!.
"The 'haste to be rich' Js another
cause of suicides. There is a point to
the old Greek story: A man who had
lost a fortune went into the woods to
hang hirns<-lf. At the fool of the hill
he found concealed a bag of diamonds.
He took :h< bap and left the rope. The
owner of the diamonds cane, found
only th»> rope and hang"d himself. The
adanta <>f both men came to Cali
fornia and engaged in mining and
Ftock gambling.
"Disregard of life is another cause of
suicide. We hold life very cheap in
California. The hip pockets, of a large
Class of men are arsenals. It takes
slight provocation for weapons V< be
drawn and used. This disregard <>f
life is in th» air. When disaster, dis
grace or ilcspondt-nry come men
already educated to the means of
quick escape through s.-lf-murder.
"The cure for this suicidal mania
is to keep out of the fals>- whirlpools.
Resolve to litre simply, soberly, sanely.
The man who enters on extra hazard
ous speculations to make a fortune
quickly puts his money, his honor, his
life in pawn. We need t-> g»-t right
Views of life. What is lifp° 'A sh.>rt
sharp racel A desperate struggle for
wealth, in which the I th<
prizes and the many drop empty-hand
ed, broken-hearted into early km
that is life.' 'No. 1 said Christ. 'A mans
life consistetfa not in the abundance
of the things he pnsnrnor ttl' Life Is
righteousness, Joy and peace."
Baseball Games.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 30.— The University
Graduates and the West End Bazaars
played a ten-inning game of baseball this
afternoon at the Recreation Grounds
which was won by the first-named team
by a score of 3 to 2.
The Reliance Club and the Encinal
Cyclers played a game of baseball at Em
eryville this morning which resulted in a
victory for the Brat named club by a
score of 14 to 11.
CRUSHED UNDER HIS BRONCO.
George Slankard, a Daring Vaquero at the Wild West Show, Probably
Fatally Injured by His Horse Falling on Him.
George Slankard, the vaquero who carried off the honors at the Wild West show in Central Park, met with
an accident yesterday morning that resulted fatally. He and some other vaqueros were amusing themselves
by lassoing horses at the park, preparatory to the exhibition in the afternoon. Slankard was riding his favorite
bronco, and attempted the feat of throwing a lariat over the leg of another bronco that was galloping past him. He
missed, and the noose instead caught the leg of the bronco he was riding. The animal stumbled and threw Slan
kard off and then rolled over him. He was picked up unconscious and taken to the Receiving Hospital, where Dr.
Rinne found that the base of his skull was fractured and he was also suffering from internal injuries. He died
some hours after. Slankard was 35 years of age and a native of Illinois. He was foreman for Miller & Lux.
and has the reputation of being a sober and careful man, and one of the best vaqueros in the State. His wife was
sent for and remained at his bedside In the hospital.
"TAGSATZUNG
TURNBEZIRK."
Favors the Admission of
Ladies in Local
Societies.
Headquarters Established in
San Francisco for This
Year.
Those Who Would Join for Their
Personal Benefit Not to Be
Admitted.
Oakland Office S. F. Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 30.
The twenty-seventh Tagsatzung of
the Pacific Turnbezlrk met in Germania
Hall this morning at 10 o'clock and
closed their deliberations to-night at
7:30 O'clock, aft.-r which they dined and
Wined In the hall below. The attend
ance was sood, eleven societies being
represented. In view of the fact that
the national ('invention will meet in
San Pmnciaca the first week in July
that city was unanimously given the
headquarters for the ensuing year,
( lakland giving up its contest for this
honor on account of the July meeting.
The officers of to-days convention
w.i.-: Albert Currlin, San Jose, lirpt
speaker; S. Lewek, Marysville, second
speaker; R. Mueller, Ban Francisco,
first Bchriftwart; P. Perkert, Stockton,
second Schriftw art.
The uniform hitherto worn, consist
ing only of shirt and trousers, will
hereafter be augmented by a jacket for
parade or street wear. The constitu
tion hitherto has admitted member*
who have uw '1 the organization for
personal ends and who have had no
other sympathy with the work, it v:<-;
so amended to-day that none but those
who will w..rk in harmony with the ob
j. -i ts of the organisation and in all
branches of it will be admitted.
The delegates to the National Con
vention in San Francisco in July were
instructed to vote for an amendment
to the national constitution, empower
ing local organizations to admit wo
men, if they so desired. This was not
passed without a heated discussion.
The vote, however, showed a strong
sentiment in favor of lady members.
The next place of meeting will be in
Sacramento in January, 1899. The va
rious societies in San Francisco will
select delegates. in proportion to their
membership, who in turn elect the
State officers from among the city so
cieties. ■.:*-*
Eulogies for the deceased members
were given by the various organiza
tions. The banquet lasted until a late
hour to-night. The walls were hand
somely festooned with smilax, greens
and palms. Shields of the national
colors with the various organizations'
initials upon them hung around the
balcony. The tables wore loaded with
eatables and wines. Speeches, songs
and instrumental music were the order
of the evening. The organizations rep
resented and their representatives
were:
San Franks' -■> Turn Vereln— Planz.
C Brehm. Louis Markus. W. Placeman,
R. Barth, Georpc Siess. F. Koch. F. Wil
lembrink, John . immen, S. Ruf, G. A.
Frost. K. Mill, W. Schoedcr, F. At
tinir<-r.
Vorwaerts— lT.* Fnhrbergy M. Liebmann,
A. Bockstadt, K. Bless.
Mission— D. T. Sperling. D. Brunn, F.
Ilauser.
Eintracht— C. Ellpnberger, A. Volkman,
R. Wasner, H. C. F. Stahl, G. Hotop, W.
Schcppler.
Oakland— Henry Kracke, Dr. Muhr, P.
Conradi, Paul Uth. K. Muller, Theo
Gier.
San Jose — A. Currlin. 1,. Henning, L,.
Ziesreler. H. Roohr. K. Pruggmeyer, F.
Butler. O. Schumacher.
Stockton— Paul Reckert, O. H. Hess,
Jncob Simon.
Marysville— E. Dobber, M. Hammerly,
Mr. Leweck.
Santa Cruz— E. Mevcs.
Xapa— E. Manasse.
Sacramento —F. Fischer, G." Faig, T.
Guenther, I). Stober.
tlrksvorort— H. Otter. L.. "U'eber.
The delegates elected to the national
convention were:
Messrs. John Simmon, Robert Barth, F.
Attinger, E. I-iess. Seibold. F. Stahl. D.
Hauai>, of San Francisco: J. Simon,
Stockton; Phil Conrad). Oakland: H. W.
Otter..San Jose; F. Fischer, Sacramento;
C. Flack, Santa Cruz.
HERMANN`S SONS.
The committee of arrangements mm
: of K. A. Groezinger, K. < ). YVil
kcns, .T. HoMa, O. Simon, O. Bruecker,
W. Mueller ami P\ Buerlins have made
•irranK«m« nts for the holding of the
ninth annual prize masquerade ball In
Klntracht Hall on the evening of the sth
of n<-xt February.
A COOK WHO
TURNS ROBBER
Bruno Meyer Is Arrested
on a Serious
Charge.
Accused of Forcibly Purloining
a Gold Watch and
Chain.
The Complaining Witness Is E. Mul
ler, a Bartender in the Man
hattan Saloon.
Bruno Meyer, a cook, was arrested
at an early hour yesterday morning
on a charge of robbery. The complain
ing witness is E. Muller, a bartender
in the Manhattan saloon, Erie and
Mission streets.
Muller was on his way home about
3 o'clock in the morning after closing
the saloon. He had about $100 In his
pockets, and, as he was afraid that he
might be held up, he carried a re
volver in his overcoat pocket. He ad
mitted that he had been drinking per
haps more than was for him.
When he reached Sixteenth and Capp
streets a man came up to him and asked
him where he was going. Being in a
genial mood Muller began to converse
with the stranger, who suddenly
grabbed hold of his watch chain, pulled
his watch out of hi.s pocket and ran
toward Mission street. Although he
had the revolver Muller did not use it,
but instead blew a police whistle,
which attracted the attention of Police
man Kearney, who was standing on
Sixteenth and Mission streets. Kear
ney observed a man running toward
him, and concluding that he had some
thing to do with the whistling he or
dered him to stop. The man bent down
and Kearney thought he was intending
to pick up a cobble-stone, so he made
■ rush at him, and without resistance
placed him under arrest. Muller had
followed the robber, and he told Kear
ney that he had been relieved of his
gold watch and chain. Kearney t< "k
them both to tho Seventeenth-street
I'olicc station, and when searched the
watch and chain were not found on
Meyer, who vigorously denied that he
kni'w anything about it. When Muller
was searched the revoiver was found
in his overcoat pocket, and he was
booked for carrying a concealed
weapon. He at once gave $50 cash
bail and was released. Lieutenant
Burke sent Kearney and another offi
cer back to look for the watoh and
chain, and they had with them the
headlight of the patrol-wagon to help
them. Just at the spot where Kearney
had observed Meyer to bend down
they found the watch and chain, and
returned with them to the police sta
tion and the charge of robbery was
booked against Meyer.
Mt-y.r said thru he was out at Ocean
View Saturday night and was drinking
with some friends. He missed the last
car and had to walk home. He lives
fin Bush street, near Kearny. When. he
Rot to Sixteenth and Capp streets a
man took hold of him and said he was
a special officer. He accused Meyer of
robbing him and Mew a police whistle,
when an officer who was across the
street came over and arrested him.
Deaths in Alameda.
AT. A MFD A. Jan. 30.— Henry Hartman.
a bookkeeper in the c-mploy of Buslach &
Co. "f S.-m Francisco and residing on
\V' 1..-tor street in this city, died early
this morning of consumption. He was Zl
years of n.a<-.
Bfn. Agrm-s Spatz. mother of Mrs. H.
Hauch or this city, died this morning at
h< j r residence, 2071 S.an Antonio avenue.
She vas 60 years of age and a native of
Germany.
Auction Sales
CHAS. LEVY & CO., AUCTIONEERS.
Assignees' Sale of PlumbinjJ Material.
THIS DAY.
MONDAY Jan. 31. 1898
At 10:30 o'clock a. m., on Premises,
-4-13 Sutter St., IN'r. Stockton,
We Are Instructed to Sell
The Stock and Fixtures of the above store,
occupied by H. Williams, an insolvent debtor.
This stock comprises a large assortment of
Bath Tubs, enameled and decorated. Oval and
Square Bowls. Closets In Cherry and Oak, all
the latest Plumbing Implements, large and ele-
gant assortment of Brass Goods, Nickel and
Steel Connections. Castlron Pipes and Connec-
tions and a full and complete stock of every-
thing appertaining to a first-class plumbing
establishment. Desks, Office Furniture and
Partitions, fron Safe, etc., etc.
'■HAS LEVY & CO.. Auctioneers.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 30, 6 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same
date last season and rainfall during the past
twenty-four hours:
Past This Last
Stations— 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0 18. «8 24.96
Red Bluff 0 6.60 14.13
Sacramento a 5.36 9.04
San Francisco 0 5.19 12.28
Fresno 0 2.30 5.31
San Luis Oblspo 0 2.56 11.64
Los Angeles 0 3.77 8.80
San Diego 0 3.32 7.33
Yuma 0 1.26 4. 51
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
57; minimum, 40; mean. 48.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
FORECASTS.
The pressure has fallen during the past
twenty-four hours over the Pacific Slope. It
has risen rapidly over the upper Missouri Val
ley.
Light rain has fallen over Washington and
Vancouver Island. Elsewhere the weather
has been fair west of the Rocky Mountains.
The temperature has remained nearly sta
tionary over the Pacific Slope. In the great
valleys of California it is from 3 to 5 degrees
above the normal.
Heavy frosts were reported generally in Call
fornia north of the Tehuchapi this morning.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, Jan. 31, IS9S:
Northern California — Cloudy Monday and
probably showers In the extreme northwest
ern portion; southeasterly wind.
Southern California— Fair Monday; southerly
wind.
Nevada— Fair Monday.
Utah— Fair Monday.
Arizona— Fair Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity— lncreasing cloud
iness Monday; northerly, changing to south
easterly wind.
Special report from Mount TamaJpals, taken
at 5 p. m — Clear; wind northeast, 8 miles;
temperature, 46; maximum. 55.
ALEXANDER McADIE,
Local Forecast Official.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE
Aroata j
Homer
Han Bias
A Bianchard.
Alliance -
t'ni.-'tilla .
City of Rio J
Kmplrp
PreMdpnt. . i
W'l'ianiftte. . . !
Proyrpso..
W;»«nt»'!iaw. ..
Santa Roaa. . j
WTeaotl ■
(Tpscpnt City.,
f01umm.i. ......
Coos Bay
City l-iifbia. .
t ~oos Bay
Newport
'anama
VaQulna Bay
Yukon
Victoria * Pueet Sna
China and Japan...;.....-.
Coos Bay.. I
Yaqnlna 8ay...., I
! Seattle
Seattle
Tacoma
San Dieeo ;
Humboldt
Crescent Cltv 1
Portland j
Newport
Victoria and Pneet Sound
lan SI
Fan 31
Jan 31
Jan 31
Fob 1
Feb 1
Feb 1
Feb 1
Feb 2
Fob 2
Feb 2
Feb 2
i Feb 3
Feb 2
Feb 3
I Fob 4
Fob 4
Feb I
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
! DrSTISATION-
Jennie ICoquUleßver Jan 81, 5 pv
Pomona . San Diego .lan 31. 11 a.v
Walla Wlla i Vie * P Sound Jan 31. 10 am
Humboklt.. Skag-uav Fob 1,
Scotia Alaska j Fob 1
Arcata.... Coos Bay j Fob 1,10 am
Homer — Humboldt jFeb 1. i pm
•MateofCal Portland Feb 2.10 am
Alnmeda... Sydney... Fob 3, 2 pm
•. "optic China* Japan. Fib 3, l pm
'.Veeott Humbldt Bay. Feb 3. 9 am
''anta Rosa San Diego Feb 4.11 Ail
Uliance.... Alaska .. Feb 5
ITmatilla .. Vie & P?t Snd Fob 5, 10 am
Crescent C. Crescent City. Fob 5. I pm
Orizaba — Mexico Fob 6.10 am
i>os Bay.. Newport. Feb i>. a am
Columbia.. Portland Feb 7.10 am
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier »
Pier 3
Pier 7
Pier 13
Pier 9
Pier 24
Pier 7
PM SS
! Pie:- IS
.Pier 11
pier" 9
Pier 23
Pl«>r 11
SUN, MOON AND TIDE
I'nited States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Heights of High and Low
■Waters at Fort Point, Entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by Official Au
thority nf the Superintendent.
N'OTK— The high and low waters occur at
lie city front (Mission-street wharf) nbout
.wnty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point;
:«ht of tide is the same at both places.
Monday, January 31.
rI«AS» 7:14
sets 5:3.1
m set 9 2:47 A ■'
I HE? Peotll^lpoetlT^lFeetll^lpoet
" n v: __ t. w !fi w -'L W
Slfi l>:12 4 1:5/ o.' !i:3-i 3 7 .... "f"
L v if v g \\ B V
I 0 1 ::.,' 7:01 4.' 2:42 v:: Hi:? R.fl
■-' I:SS> B.f T:. io ...( B:3] 0.1 10:5; 4.2
:t 2:32 ■;..■ 8:% 5.1 3:51 0.1 11:24 M
4 l:« M »:20 5.2 4:25 —OS 11:44 4.5
5 4.11. 3.1 10:0.1 5.3 4:.V. —0.3
H IT L \V II W L W
r.' 0:07 4.C 4:4G 2.9 10:48 5.2 5:27 -0
NOTE.— In the above exposition nf th» tide*
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of tho
day in tlr* order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time mlumn fr* third tide,
mid tbe last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there nrr- but
three tides, as sometime* occurs. The height*
civen are additions to the soundlnri on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (—)( — ) precedes the height and
then the number cix-cn Is subtractive from the
depth given by the '•harts.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the T'r.lted State? Hvdropraphic
Office. I'K-ated in the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained reeardinu
lights, dancers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean crmßifrrp.
The time hall on top of the bulldine on Tele-
graph Hill is hoisted about ten minutes befora
noon and if dropped at noon. I2nth meridian
by telegraphic signal received each day frotn
the United States Naval Observatory at Mars
island, ral.
A notice stating whether tTie time ball wa«
dropped on time or givlnir the error. If any. It
published the name day by the afternoon pa-
pers, and by the morning nßpers the following
«*y- w. s. httght:s.
Lieutenant. TJ. S. N.. in charge.
&s $» ss>
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE,
225 Tehama St., near Third.
THURSDAY.
Thursday February 3, 1897,
At 10 o'clock a. m.
The Greatest Sale of Trotting Horses,
CAMPAIGNERS, ROADSTERS AND DOUBLE-
TRAMS,
INCLUDING:
4ls^f9fj 2:11 - by Steinway; Dlctatus. 2:21, by
k.m Wllkes: F anadma, 2:19%, by Eros; Pascal
\*£?i °,y., y . Victor : Rayanette. 2:27, by Anteeo;
>£ v-t CC J ll l to - 2: - by Malta; Egyptian Prince,
r^ 7 ?|fhdi. and colts and fillies by Direct,
t»»i o-i mcCl Hambletonlan Wllkes, Prince
vvnw sllT « r Bow ' Sidney, Alex Button, Sable
\il Kt3 . and other groat sires,
offered lot ° f carefu selected horses ever
Horses at yard on Tuesday. Catalogue.
reaa> . Aaaress
WILLIAM G. LAYNG & CO..
Livestock Auctioneers. 313 Bush st.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
_. T _ Sunday, January 30.
Stmr Laguna, Peterson, 33 hours from Eu
reka: lumber, to Pollard & Dodge
ad DOMESTIC PORTS
Stmr Newsboy, Ellefsen. 68 hours frm Tllla
mook; lumber, to Truckee Lumber Co.
Stmr North Fork, Basch, 25 hours from Eu
reka: pass and mdse. to Chas Nelson.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 24 hours from Moss
Landing: produce, to Goodall, Perkins & Co.
l-v stmr Wellington, Salmond. SI hours frm
Departure Bay; 2336 tons coal, to X Duns
muir Sons Co.
Stmr Rival, Johnson, 15 hours from Fort
Bragg; lumber, to Gray & Mitchell.
tinr State of California, Green, 51 hours
from Portland, via Astoria 40U hours: pass
and mdse, to Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Coquille River. Thompson, 17 hours fm
Fort Bragg; 350 M ft lumber, to Union Lum
ber Co.
Schr La Chllena. Campbell, 10 hours from
Fort Ross; 30 bxs butter, to Kiss & Hewlett.
Schr Ocean Spray. Sorenson. 3 days from
Iversens Landing; 90 cds wood, to is Iversen.
SAILED.
Sunday, January 30.
Stmr Jewel, Madsen, Caspar.
Stmr Queen, Debrey, Seattle.
Stmr Jennie, Moller. Coquille River.
Fr stmr La Madeleine, Bonard. Nanaimo.
Ship Yosemite, Gettenby, Seattle.
: Br ship Celtlcburn, Linklater. Hull.
ftktn W H Dlmond. Nllson. Honolulu.
Schr Alice Cooke. Penhallow. Honolulu.
Schr Mary Dodge, Hansen, Tacoma.
. Schr Roy Somers, Soiland. Grays Harbor.
Schr Jessie Minor, Whitney. Eureka.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Jan 30, 10 p. m.— Weather
clear ; wind NE; velocity 8 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORlA— Arrived Jan 30— Fr bark Jacques,
from Majunga; schr Edward Parke, hence
Jan 14.
Sailed Jan Stmr Chilkat, for Puget
Sound.
MENDOCINO— Arrived Jan 30— Stmr Point
Arena, hence Jan 29.
PORT BLAKELEY— SaiIed Jan 29-Schr
C S Holmes, for San T*«-»ro.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Jan 29— Ship
H.i la. hence Jan 13: ship St Nicholas, hence
Jan 12.
PORT ANGELES— In bay Jan 30— Ger ship
H Blschoff.
TATOOSH— Passed Jan 29— Aub Btmr 'Bur
ma, hence Jan 26 for Nanaimo; Br stmr War
rimoo, from Sydney — Vancouver.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Jan 30— Stmr National
City, for San Francisco; H B M stmr Egeria,
for San Francisco.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 30— Stmr La Bre
tagne. from Havre; stmr Aurania. frm Liver
pool.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 30— Stmr Obdam.
from Rotterdam.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Jan 80— Stmr Taurlc,
from New York.
Ql-EENSTOWN— Arrived Jan 30— Stmr Ser
via, from New York for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded.
Palled Jan 30— Stmr Lucanla, from Llver
pool for New York.
•"""V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
L^A < *-'"' KEAR.M- ST. Established
wKIVjR'" **•••* for the treatment of Private
25 JJk*s&£lT Diseases, Lost Man hood. Debility or
$B^KB9^b disease wearing on body and mind and
(^MHBhSBI skin Diseases. ThedoctorcureswUeii
JWBhH others fall. Try him. Charges low.
T^HSJrwrgJfffmgil <»«••*'» r" r m i — 'ntrrrl Call orwrito.
1»r. .». »-. ».l»nox, Box 1957. Sag Francisco.
OCEAN TBAVEI*
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CO.
Steamers leave Broadway wharf, ./jfeflEL.
: San Francisco, as follows: K^S9S
For ports In Alaska. 9 a. m.. Jan. 1, 6, 11, 16,
i 21. 26, 31, and every fifth day thereafter.
For Victoria, Vancouver (R. C), Port Town-
I send, Seattle, Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes and
! New Whatcom (Bellingham Bay, Wash.). 3
a. m.. Jan. 1, 6. 11, 16, 21. 26, 31, and every
fifth day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver
with C. P. Ry., at Tacoma with N. P. Ry., at
Seattle with Great Northern Ry., and com-
pany's steamer for Alaska.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), steamer Po-
mona, 2 p. m.. Jan. 1. 5, 10. 14, 18, 22, 26, 31.
Feb. 4. 8. 12. 16. 20. 25. 29.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon, Ca-
yueo3. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gavl-
ota. Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San
Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m., Jan. 1, 5, 9, 13, 17, 21, 23. 29,
anil every fourth day thereafter.
For Ran Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo ■ (Los Angeles), 11
a. m.. Jan. 3. 7. 11. 15, 19, 23, 27, 31. and every
fourth day thereafter; • ■ -
For Ensenada, Mncrdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Ro-
salia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., Jan. 6 and
2d of each month thereafter.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates ■
and hours of sailing.
TICKET OFFICE-Palace Hotel. 4 New
Montgomery st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen Agtu.,
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
FARF -* 12 First Class including Berth
TAIU* 9S Second clans and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California Jan. 23, Feb. 2, 12, 2]
Columbia Jan. 2S. Feb. 7, 17. 27
Through tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern points. Rates and folders upon appli-
cation to F. F. CONNOR, General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
f»3BB3MB« The S. P. ALAMEDA
fjS| jiHir sails via HONOLULU
*rr»ai« and AUCKLAND for
9 -*~—**. SYDNEY, Thursday.
(jj/ ; • \ February 3. at 2p. m.
/^lfrinNllD<J S. S. AUSTRALIA.
CytCaillJlllU for HONOLULU only.
(sfnD3l?H~ Thursday. February
VWIiIfJUI«T it. at 2 p. m. Special
party rates.
Line to COOLGAUDIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents.
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
Compagnie Generale Transatlantiqus.
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier IIMtWJ, 12 North » —--^
Klver. foot of : orton st. Travelers <^TfJ!TJ>
by this line avoid both transit by***-"*^"
English railway and the dij.-omfort of crossing
the channel in a email boat. New York to
Alexandria. Egypt, via I'-'rls. first class $160.
second class $116. :■;- ,7
LA BRETAGNE ..December 11. 10 a. m.
LA GASCOGNE December 18, 10 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE December 25. 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE January 1. 10 a. m.
LA BRETAGNE January 8. 10 a. m
For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET. Agent.
"v'%- ' No. 3, Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3. Washington St.. at 6
p. m. Daily.
FREIGHT RECEIVED UP TO 5:30 P. M.
Accommodations reserved by telephone.
The only line selling through tickets and gl».
Ing through freight rates to all point* on tbs
Valley Railroad.
STEAMERS:
T. C. WALKER. J. D. PETERS,
MARY GARRATT, . CITY OF STOCKTON.
Telephone Muln 80S Cal. Nay. and Impt. Co.
For San Jose, Los Gatos & Santa Cruz
Bteamer Alviso loaves Pier 1 daily ' (Sunday*
excepted) at 10 a. m. ; Alviso daily (Saturdays
exceptcd) at 5 p. m. Freight and Passengers.
Fare between San Francisco and Alvlso. 50c:
i to San Jose. 76c. Clay street. Pier L 41 NortH
First street. San Jo»«. ' .•
FOR U.S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer " Monticeilo"
Will lie up to receive new boiler and general
overhauling on February 1. and resume her
route on March 1. HATCH BROS.
78
DISPLAYS OF MINERAL WEALTH
EXTRAORDINARY efforts have
been made by the mining coun
ties of the State to show the
mineral wealth within their bor
ders at the exposition that
opene<i on Saturday night at the Me
chanics' Pavilion. Tons of gold-bearing
quartz hove been gathered from nearly
all the principal mines of the State and
they are shown with all their mineral
characteristics explained. A strong fea
ture of most of the county exhibits Is
samples of quartz from many of the
partially devel< ped mines along with a
history of the mine, giving an accurate
detail of the shafts and tunnels on the
claims and the nature and character of
the ore in the ledges that have been
opened. The names of the owners of
the claims are given along with their
postofficv addresses so that capitalists
or persons controlling capital who are
looking for mining properties can be
brought in direct communication with
those working the mines and who
their assistance. Where such exhibits
are shown care has been taken to get
only average samples from the mines
that are open to Investors.
Never in the history of the world hns
there been such a complete exhibition
of the mining industry given. All
grades and condition.-; of gold-bearing
ores are shown and with them are nil
the antiquated and modern methods of
working them.
Nevada County, in the opinion of
the Judges, has given the most com
plete and attractive exhibit of all the
counties. B. M. Shoecraft is the com
missioner in charge of it. An attractive
feature of the exhibit is a tunn
constructed as to show the contact
rein, the principal gold-bearing ledge
of the county, as it lies with its gran
A COLLISION
DUMPED TALENT
Lady Campbell Had Been
Picked as a Purse-
Winner at Ingleside.
Ran Into Eclipse in the Fourth
Ties and the Sure-Thing
Money Strayed
Sunshine, splendid •■■nursing; and a
large croud tended to make a day of
pleasure and ex< itement at tho [ngle-
Bide coursing grounds yesterday. A
lengthy card had been drawn for the
day's Bport, and enthusiasm was at a
high pitch. letting was lively, a:id but
a few short-enders won the money. J.
'a Mialmo was the biggest disap
pointment of the day. In the first ties,
Susie and Mialmo started, and Susie
•won with a score of 3% -2. The betting
had been f> to ?, in favor of Mialmo, but
the talent missed tho guess. Mialmo is
the fleet-footed hound who won the
$1000 purse at Merced, and on this ac
count he was looked upon as a sure
■winner.
In the run down Victor took the
money away from those who had
backed White Chief at 3 to 1 odds, and
again Harkaway walked off with a
coarse with Senorita, who had been
heavily played to win at the same odds.
Among: the Interested spectators were
Dr. C. W. Leek. Homy Devine and a
■large contingent of dog followers from
Banta Clara. Devine is said to be the
authority on coursing throughout the
Sacramento Valley, and his plays were
in line.
The swift hound of Curtis & Son's,
Lady Campbell, was looked upon as a
sure purse winner. She started in the
SHIPWRECKED MEN AND A STOWAWAY.
Arrival of the Cottaae Citu From New York for the Alaska Trade.
Tho Cottage City, the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company's now vessel for
th<^ Alaska route, arrived from New
York Saturday night after a smart run
of fifty-nine days. Captain Harry W.
Goodall brought the steamer out and
he is more than pleased with the resseL
Between San Diego and San Francisco
she easily made more than fourteen
knots an hour and had it not been for
a stop of three flays at Valparaiso for
coal she would have reached port early
last week.
Captain Barry GoodaU Is. a native
son and th<» youngest master who has
ever brought a steamer around the
Horn to San Francisco. He is nearly
two years younger than his brother.
Captain C. Miner < Joodall, was wht n he
brought the State of California to this
Coast.
First Officer Thomas Riley is also
well known here. For a long time he
was mate of the Mail Company's
steamer Colon, but about two years
ago he went back East on the Saturn,
but took the first good offering to get
back fee California.
Captain Goodail brought one more In
ite hanging wall and plate foot wall.
Around the mouth of the tunnel are
tons of quartz from nearly sixty of the
principal mines of the county, so ar
ranged as to give in general appear
ance a rough, mountainous country in
the foreground, with a panoramic view
of, the Sierra Nevada* in tho distance.
The samples of ore range all the way
from $25 to $700 a ton. Some of the
best-known mines that supplied them
are the Champiop, Cadmus. Moun
taineer, Texas, Mayflower. Bellefon
taine. Reward. Lasuerto. Omaha. Em
pire, Pennsylvania, Idaho-Maryland
and W'-Y-(.»-l>. On some <>f the mines
shafts have been sunk from 1*0" t" MM
feot. and on the deepest levels the ore
chute Is as strmg and in some places
stronger than nearer the surface, show
ing the permanent character of the
veins.
<;. M. ciark is in chars* " f Bl Dorado
County's exhibit. It was in El Dorado
■ ty thai Marshall mad.- his famous
irery. «nd one of the most attrac
tive features <>f the exhibit is ;i num
;' California's pi
miner. His rifle and home-made sur
veyor's outfit, a number of carpenter's
tuois and a set of chess men that he
whittled out are among the most prom
inent of them. There are samples of
quartz from the Taylor mine. th>- '".••n
ti^ Annie mine, the criftith Consolidat
ed and Hi-- Larkin, and samples of
s'.ate from its Inexhaustible quarries.
laverae County In showing; its min
eral wealth exhibits samples of told
and > ]••'■ r ores, gypsum, limes
Iron »re, pumice Btone, chrome
iron, crystal and white and black
marble About UOO of the mini -
the county are represented In its dis
play of gold and copner ores.
Butte County has a striking exhibit.
About fifty tons of quartz are Included
In the display, and much of it is from
the Banner and Gold Bank m
There are also samples of gravel from
the Persbaker and Spring Valley mines
fourth tics, with Eclipse, a heavy, but
clever dog. A pretty coarse was start
ed, but during a turn Bclipse collided
with Lady Campbell, and the favorite
Of the taU'!H --'.as thrown off h<-:
and was unable to again get a line on
the hare. A barrel "i money chai
hands vii tli- course, Black Prince
sprained his foot in the second ties,
•which accounted partially for his de
feat. The well known Eastern dug,
Comedy, owned by Kay * Trant, start
ed for the first time yesterday in a bye
with Eclipse, but did not show any of
the old time ginger for which he is
noted in the East. The hound seems to
be slow on his feet, although he leads
well to the hare.
Next Thursday a drawing will be
held for an old dog stake and a puppy
stake, to be run off February 5 and 6.
This Is the result of yesterday's
coursing:
T. Butler's Susie beat J. Farley's Trlx,
7—o; J. Dean's Mialmo beat S. E. Portal's
Laurelwood, — 1; J. F. Grace's Lass o'
Cowrie beat J. Bexsmith'a Vigilant. 6—2;
Cronin A.- McDonald's Skyball beat M.
Michalik's Fireball, 3—2; J. McCormick's
Duke of Oak Grove beat H. Pringle's
Gladys Pasha, 12—6; G. Pinto's Hercules
beat Mart. ls Bros.' Blackstone, B—2: J.
Dean's Gladiator beat T. .1. Cronin's Map
net, s—o;5 — 0; Larkey A Rock's Emerald beat
A. C. Bradbury's Sir Jasper, s—o; Lowe &
Thompson's Victor beat J. Secgerson's
White Chief 3*2— 2U; J. McCorn
Black Prince beat Deckelman & Panario's
Glen Roy. 5—2; E. J. Hem llarkaway
beat D. Shannon's Senorita, 6—l; C. W.
Dewlaney's Fleet* beat .1. Quane's
Fireman, 5% — 1%; George Watson's Moun
tain Lassie beat P. Ryan's Royal Stag.
B— 4; Curtis & Son's Lady Campbell beat
Batt & Frank's Count of Monte Cristo.
1V1 — 0: Lowe & Thompson's Prince or
Fashion beat W. Sink Jr.'s American
Lady, 8—0; S. E. Portal's Lightning beat
F. Murphy's Lady Grace, G — 4; M. Micha
lik's Douglas boat F. McQuinn's Mystery,
8— Kay & Trant's Eclipse beat P.
Reilly's Ranger, 10—3.
First ties— Susie beat Mialmo, 3^—2:
Skyball beat Lass o' Gowrie. s—o; Duke of
Oak Grove beat Hercules, 3—2; Gladiator
beat Emerald. C — 3; Black Prince beat
Victor, 6—o; Fleetwood beat Harkaway, '•
6—3; Lady Campbell beat Mountain Las
sie, s—l; Prince of Fashion beat Light- j
ning, 9—5;9 — 5; Eclipse beat Douglas. 6—2.
Second ties— Susie beat Skyball, 3—2;
Gladiator beat Duke of Oak Grove, ";~" ;~
Fleetwood beat Black Prince, — 1; Lady
Campbell beat Prince of Fashion, 7—2;
Eclipse a bye.
Third ties— Susie beat Gladiator, 5—2;
Eclipse beat Fleetwood, 6—5;6 — 5; Lady Camp
bell a bye.
Fourth ties— Eclipse beat Lady Camp
bell. 7—5;7 — 5; Susie a bye.
Final— Susie beat Eclipse, 7—l.
I^andaus. Wagonettes. Traps and Drags
of the latest designs at O'Brien <Sj Sons',
Golden Gate avenue and I\>!k street. •
his crew than he intended. When the
steamer was two days out from New
York Frank Griffin was found stowed
away under a bale of hay. He was half
starved and had to be fed and doctored
before he could give an account of him
self. He is more than anxious to reach
the Klondike and In order to gain his
end he has run away from his friends
and a good position. He came away in
the clothes he stood up In and expects
to work hi* way to the Bold fields.
When able to work he had to turn to
and do the laundry work on the vessel.
He was not only able but willing and
Captain Ooodall Is going to help' him
on his way to Dawson City. *
When the Cottage City left New York
■he had fourteen sheep and ten pigs
aboard to provide fresh meat for the
crew. Among the sheep was a black
one. which was immediately christened
"Snowball." It became a great pet
with Griffin, and finally was given the
liberty of the deck. It learned all kinds
of tricks, and when it Jumped through
three paper-covered hoops in succes
sion the captain decided to go without
lamb chops as far as It. was concerned.
Griffin has now two objects in life. He
.wants to reach the Yukon, and he also
wants to take "Snowball" with him.
John O'Neil, John Doll and Andrew
THE SAX FKAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JAXUAHY 31, 1898.
as well as samples of all the main
mineralogical and geological features
of the county.
Tuolumne County has at present 157
mines in active operation and nearly
all of them sent samples of quartz,
making an attractive and educational
display.
Placer County made exhibitions from
the deep placer mines within its bor
ders its principal display. There was
also a good show of quartz from its
mines.
Yuba County's display is not all In
place yet. It will have about twenty
five tons of quartz in its exhibit, rep
resenting nearly all its mines.
There will be a caramel wrapping
contest between ♦ v "oung ladies em
ployed in the conteciionery stores to
nißht for the championship. Five
prizes will be distributed.
To-morrow night there will be a
whipsawing contest. Swift water Bill
will be the referee. He will be accom
panied by his wife.
The programme of music to-day is
as follows:
AFTERNOON.
Overture. "Raymond" Thomas
"Syrian Patrol" Aronson
Mexican Dance Mono*
Melodies from "Lady Slavey" Caryll
Valso, "Thine Alone" Melssler
Burlr-sque, "The Arkansas Traveler" Recoes
(With variations from all Instruments).
Intermission.
Pallet Suite. "Henry VIII" Satnt-Saens
Solo for cornet Walter B. Roger*
Sketch. "Southern Jollification" Kunkel
Pasquinade Gottschalk
March, "West Park" Heed
EVENING.
Overture, "Merry Wives of Windsor". Nicholas ■
Gems, "The Wizard" Herbert,
Waltz, "Zenda" Wltlmark
Solo for trombone F. K. Tobin
Scene .mil Bridal Chorus from "Lohen
grin" Wagner
Intermission.
Patriotic pongs of all nations Godfrey
Solo for cornet by the peerless band leader
Walter B. Rogers
Excerpts from the writings of Verdi, con
cluding with the Anvil Chorus.
(a) "Narcissus" Nevln
(b) "Days of •■»!>" Leila La France
March, "The Bride-Elect" Sousa
ASSAULTED IN
A RESTAURANT
Marco Kalasich Attacked
by a Murderous
Robber.
His Assailant Vainly Endeavors
to Brain Him While
Asleep.
Marco Kalaslch, who conducts a res
taurant at 633 Mission street, was the
victim of a murderous robber last
night. Kalasleh was asleep in a chair
in his restaurant, when his assailant,
who is a colored man, creyt up be
hind him and struck him over the head
•with a brickbat.
Although partially stunned by the
blow, Kalasieh attempted to seize the
desperate robber, when the robber en
deavored to brain him with a hatchet.
The screams of the wounded man at
tracted the attention of several pass
ersby, and as they stood looking into
the restaurant the murderous robber
darted from the place and made his
escape. Examination showed that
Kalasich had escaped with an ugly
scalp wound and a severe cut of the
right hand.
Kalasich's assailant is only known
as "Charley." Several weeks ago he
applied to his victim for work, claim
ing he was hungry. He was given
something to <eat and put to work
cleaning windows.
Immediately after the attempted
robbery and murder was reported to
Captain Spillane, who detailed two of
his best men to find the criminal.. As
he is well known the police are hope
ful of catching him.
Kalasich's wounds are not serious.
To Cure a Cold In One Day
Take Laxative Bromn Quinine Tablets. All
druKpli'ts refund the money If X falls to cure.
26c. The Kenulne has L. B. Q. on each tablet!
Walsh, shipwrecked sailors from the
American bark Nonantum, came up on
the Cottage City from Valparaiso. The
bark was on her way from Newcastle.
N. S. W.. for Panama when she sprang
a leak, and Captain Newhall had to run
her for Easter Island. The men got
ashore. The vessel became a total
\\ reck. Later a vessel came along and
took the men to South America. O'Neil
says he was the King of the island's
riuht bower, and his sable majesty of
fered to abdicate in his favor. The
sailor could not get enough to *ut,
however, so he seized the first oppor
tunity to get away. All three men
worked their way up on the Cottage
City.
The Cottage City is a luxuriously fit
ted up steamer and will have the best
of accommodations for nearly 300 pas
senger?. Nearly all the staterooms open
out onto the social hall and dining
loom, which run the entire length of
the hurricane deck. She is 233 feet 1
inch long. 40 feet 6 inches broad and 23
feet 3 inches deep. Her engines were
built in 1890. and under ordinary work
ing pressure the vessel will make thir
teen knots an hour. After a thorough
overhauling and some alterations to
the staterooms, the Cottage City will
go on the Oyea-Skaguay route.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
£ £ England w. Ark L X Scary Aw. Boise
« *i,« arri f. San Jose S Hirst. Vallejo
VF r v.*! 116 *'' Auliu m J Thieber. Sacto
&M t, kHOI >- Cal g Shulter. Nevada
•" £ y ar lll l8 n ' Pal s c Cornell. Merced
A« J ll> , st « nf F Alexander. Healdsbg
xi B Roop. Gilroy j V Snyder & w. Cal
a xr Y> lV Ml '* n ■ H Griggs. Stanford
A M Rohr.. Port Costa H T Hendrlck. Hanfrd
E M Mann. Los Ang B Chaboya. Cal
» v , N^ rr * e> Sacto J ■" Eubanks. Cal
A V Johnson. Capay \v F Knox. Sacto
r. E iV S v, san Jr> *« 1> Lindner. New York
i'» 5 " u i son Baden Mrs L A Jacox. Sacto
ii 11 Redmond. Angels i Mtel. Sacto
II H Winer, w& «• c a i \\- Eitel. Sact o
Mrs I? Brown . rr H | D Carpenter. Placervl
MI * 8 Drown. Cal a Ackermann, Sacto
TO Woodman & w. O EC Crane. Satlcoy
JJ nn A n Xe ">-. Butte n M Carrol. Oakland
S. £ P av i* Jr> Conn !° W Tatterson, Cal
E C Bnyder, Conn ! M H Angevlne, Cai
BALDWIN HOTEL.
L Flnni»can&w. S Lake A Leone, X T
,\. °, N^.Oakland ° P Grimes. Dawson
i v A Mill.'F. Ikiah A Cadler. Dawson
X Rautsh. L Angeles A D Scroggy. Seattle
r L j^ weal »ey. Phlla B WKaufman. 11l
T 5 Turner. Portland J Cain. Newman
'/ £ Wlnn. New York B 8 Nathan. Sacto
fr I> 0 ? 2 '* 1 " 1 Napa Mr » Nathan. Sacto
M Kozier Jr. Naj>a J D Delcher. N V
I McCall. Auburn W Henry. N Orleans
J H Munr«>e. Oakland A McHayden. Ind
E L Peterson. Oakland Mrs Sisfelt, Alameda
P iAngley. Oakland T Eisfeldt. Ala
C Feet. Oakland F Brown. Eng
H Palmer, N V
PALACE HOTEL.
J S Coffin. Franklin I Mrs ■ M Ross. L An
<i W Bush. Stanford J B Llndsley. Spokne
J <; Woodworth. . Or | Mrs R Parker. N V
Q L Pal lie. Boston. B Way bright. Denver
I! A Taylor. Madison J Bruner. Sacto
L B Kerr. Honolulu IV B Dudley, N V
II Wotton. London , r DowMnf, Armona
Mrs H Taylor, Mad Mrs J Bruner, Sacto
■ M Ross, Los Ang II G Woodworth. Cal
F L Sylvia, Boston Mrs Downing. Armona
8 I Atwater, Roches J «i Gray, Sutter Co
H Parker. NY C H Knight. Elkhart
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
I C Bam] & w. Cnl A Horn, Napa
J C McCann &w. Cal J C Bardell. Cal
A Bernard & w, Cal M Dayton. San Jose
J Kirch, Santa Rosa E Boyee, Tacoma
H Kirch, Santa Rosa <; E Singer & w. Pa
J J Gahn. San Jose J F Suberllng. Ohio
J Bradley & \v. Seattle X T Miller. <'al
A Wade. Menlo Park C T Knight, Cheyenne
J Klernan. Ca] . W Knight. Cheyenne
J C Harding. Vallejo L Greer, Stockton
F Marshall. Napa
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
IU-PINFSS OFFICE of th- San Franrisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until IS <> dock mi) night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— O Montgomery street.
eoraer <"i; y: open until 9:30 o'doek.
■ ipon until 9 30 o'clock.
B] McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
Sl'. Larkin street; open until 9 30 o'clock.
S.W. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets;
open until 9 o'clock.
IN Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
I.'IS Mls*l<^n street: open until 9 o'clock.
Ik street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
N.W. c. rnor Tw.-nty-se'-' rvl and Kentucky
street?: oi>en til! 9 o'clock.
Mi:KTl.\ti NOTICES.
GOLDEN Gate Commandery No. 16. < ti_ # »
K. T. Golden Gate building. 623 Sut-^jrßp
ter St.— Special assembly THIS EVEN- 11111 11 1
ING at 7:30 o'clock. The Order of the s^'
Temple will l*> conferred. All fraters are
courteously invited.
JONATHAN M. PEEL. Em. Com.
WILLIAM T. FONDA. Recorder.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal •
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVEN- _J\_
ING. M. M. and P. M. degrees ?KJ\
H. G. PRINCE. Secretary. '^r>
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and m
A. M.— Called meeting THIS (MON- .A
DAY> EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Sec- tTjT
end degree. By order of the W. M. r^r '
G. W. ROOT. Seo.
KINO SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260. F. ~m~
and A. M . Franklin Hall. 1839 Flll-^^k
more st— Second degree THIS <MON*-X_Jf
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Dy/V>
order of the Master.
HARRY BAEHR. Sec.
NOTICE of meeting— The regular annual meet-
Ing of the stockholders of The Nevada Na-
tional Hank of San Francisco will be held
at its banking office, 301 Montgomery at.. San
Francisco. Cnl., on MONDAY, the twenty- ;
first (21st) day of February, IS3B. at 3:15
o'clock p. m.. for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve during the en-
suing year, and for the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
Ing. D. B. DAVIDSON. Secretary.
San Francisco, January 20. 1898.
THE regular annual meeting of the Stock-
holders of The National Ice Company will be
held at the office of the company. 327 Mar-
ket Street, San Francisco. Cal.. on WEDNES-
DAY, the Id day of February. 189S, at the
hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of
electing a board of directors to serve for the
ensuing year, and " the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
Ing. .T. T. DONAHUE. Secretary.
615 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
$2000 LIFE insurance in large old line Ameri-
can company, with assets over $40,000,000,
costs $3 to $6 per month, according to age;
n.. agents employed. Write for circular or
apply BERNARD A. AVER, rooms Ml and
f,12 Safe I>ep<isit building, San Francisco.
THEY are closing out remnants of curtains,
dress goods, corsets, hosiery, underwear. bed-
spread*, towels, laces, linings, trimming*,
veilings, etc., very cheap at Pioneer Dry
Goods Btor*. ME Fifth st.
MTPS PEAKL HARRISON, medium and mag-
netic healer, charms. 120>4 Geary St., rooms
2 and 3.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
Co., <X, Montgomery St., room 6: tel. 5.".50.
.Mlts DR FISH. rm. 3. llflA Grant aye.: elec-
trician; alcohol, Turkish baths; unrivaled.
JN'O HULTHBN, electro-magnetic massage
treatments: alcohol baths. 8 Mason *t.
MMX HANSKN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
MRS. STEWERT. genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120 1 -. Geary St., room 11.
ROOM-RENTING Bureau, room 24. Flood
building, corner of Fourtf st.
MONTG< MERY. 527. c.,r. clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call; subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
COMPETENT German second girl with refer-
ence de-Ires a situation. J. F. CROSETT, 316
Sutter «t.
FIRST-CLASS French maid desires situation:
f. years last place. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
NEAT young German girl desires situation at
housework or as nurse; $10 to $15; ref. MISS
CVLLEN, 325 Sutter st.
DANISH houseglrl: good cook and laundress;
2% years In last place: city and country $2i>.
MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter St.; tel. Green 721.
MIDDLE-AGED German lily wl«hes situa-
tion; care of sick or Invalids: also a young
girl of 1R wishes to take care of Invalids.
Address box 846, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a middle-aged
woman to do housework: plain <-">k. and
laundress: city or country preferred. Call
at 7.'.3 Mission st.
RELIABUS woman wishes a situation to do
general housework; city or short distance
In country: kind to children. 245 Minna st.
ELDERLY American woman wishes a place
on ran.'h: Is a good cook and housekeeper.
Address !?.« Fifth st.. near Howard.
YOUNG girl wishes to assist housework in
small American family. Please call or ad-
dreFs 115Ti Folsom aye.. rear.
WANTED by a reliable woman a situation as
cook, or to do general housework, city;
reference. 1^2." Clay st.
QBRMAN lady would like work, washing,
ironing, office or house cleaning. M. X.. 39
! kwtaad st.
YOUNQ German married lady wishes work
by the day; can do any kind of work. Ad-
dress M. L. H.. 98? Howard st.
RESPECTABLE girl wishes situation as up-
stairs girl and sewing; no postals. 2514 Bry-
ant st., near Twenty-fourth.
AMERICAN woman wishes work by the day,
washing. Ironing or housecleanlngf $1 day
car fare. 731 Folsom st.
AN Austrian fM wishes situation to do gen-
et al hi usework and plain cooking. 423 2<l st.
YOUNQ lady desires a position as cashier or
■ <!>. Address box S2O. Call office.
WANTED— Plain sewing and repairing to do
_at home. 116 Sixth St.. room 6.
REFINED woman would like housework In
family of two or three, no children, whert
shi will be treated same as family; wagti
$15. Address box 810. Call office.
WOMAN wants general housework; good ref-
erences. 26T6H Putter st.
GOOD seamstress wants situation in private
family to do upstairs work, and Is also able
to tat) h French. Apply box (>32. Call office.
YOUNG woman desires plain sewing and
mending to do at home. 139 Fourth, room 10.
YOUKQ lady as companion or caring for and
instructing young children; country prefer-
red. Address »k,x «42. Call office.
; 2 EXPERIENCED ladles wish situations at
weond work and sewing: no objection to
I country. Address 1433 V* Stelner al
SITVATIOXS WANTED- Continued.
SEAMSTRESS would like position In family:
gor>d cutter and titter; children's dresses a
specialty: no objection to country. Address
box 534. Call office.
GERMAN Ktrl wants situation: upstairs work
and sewing; good waitress; references. I"2J
Larkln st.
WOMAN wishes position to assist In house-
keeping; good cook; will po as cook in
boarding house. L. S., 514 Bush, room 1.
YOUNCi woman wishes working housekeeper's
j'Mtlon or do plain mending. 131 Fourth St..
room 1.
GERM \N Protestant nurse wishes position; In-
fant or small children: competent and re-
liable; well recommended; no objection to
fc.-v.-ing; country or traveling. Address box
726, Call office.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
617 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay-Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
SITLATIOXa WASTED— MALJfI.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay st.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
_best help. 4144 O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 426.
HUNTER * CO., Chinese and Japanese~emp.
_office.__«l4H California St.; tel. Main 231.
JAPANESE employment office; work day,
hour or evening. 122\ O'Farrell: tel.Davis6Os.
SCOTCHMAN out of work, out of cash, will
work for small pay: first-class gardener,
driver, etc. Address Scot, Call Office. Oak-
land.
GERMAN, middle-aged. marriedTspeaks good
English, mechanic by trade, handy with tools,
wants any situation. Box 770, Call office.
EXPERIENCED miner lately from the Klon-
dike. wishes to be grub-staked: best of ref-
erences given. Box 819. Call office.
STEADY, temperate, elderly man. handy at
all home work, care of stock, driving, etc..
wants steady employment. Box Sl2. Call.
BAKER, single man. first class In his trade,
wishes situation; city or country. Box 830,
Call office.
MAN and wife want to manage a hotel or
boarding-house or to rent same. H. H., 1144
Howard st.
AN experienced teacher would like a few pu-
plls at his or their homes; reasonable. Box
S2\ Call office.
WELL-EDUCATED experienced fruit grower
desires a position of trust on large fruit
ranch: can give bonds and good references.
<• . box SI 1. Call Office.
ENGRAVER and maker of monograms and
badges desires work. Box 824, Call Office.
WANTED — Situation as coachman and gar-
dener: thoroughly understands his business;
is willing and obliging: two years in last
place: can furnish good references. Apply
1108\i Hyde st.
BARBER'S apprentice wants chance to finish
Made. Addr«ss ).. t MS, Call office.
FTRBT-CLABB landscape gardener! profes-
sional florist, desires position to remodel old
place or lay out new place; thoroughly un-
derstands his business. Address box 794.Ca11.
YOITNG German boy with ?, years' experi-
ence In confectioneries wi«=h<><» situation In
same. Address box 7W, Call Offic,-.
GERMAN. B y-ars old. who speaks KngHshi
wants position as clerk in dry-goods store.
Address box m. Call Office.
WANTED- Position by a first-class bar-tend-
er: hotel or saloon; references. Address box
7:<S. Call office
GOOD sober American wants position as
cook: Is a good baker; camp or country hotel
preferred. Address box 791. Call Office.
WANTED— Position as cook in steamer going
to Alaska: 6ober. good baker; references.
Address box 790. Call Office.
GERMAN baker with 16 years' experience
wishes a good position. 1707 Powell Kt., city.
EXPERIENCED In fuming, fruit growing,
road building and general practical work,
also understands land surveying: good refer-
ences T. A CREOAN. NaDa. Cal.
WATCHMAKER- Norwegian, having worked
2H years at watchmaking in the old country
and 4 years In watch factory in this, wants
work at the trade. Box 703. Call office.
MAN with 3 years' experience wishes position
to drive delivery wagon. Address box 725,
Call office.
MECHANICAL engineer open for engagement;
high references. Box 717, Call office.
RELIABLE, Industrious German gardener:
understands taking care of horses and cows
and handy around the place: good references.
Address box 763. Call office, city, Oakland
or Alameda.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near MarT
ket: 200 rooms. 2.1 c to $1 Ml night: $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. I
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
PROTESTANT second girl. country7~s2K?~Ge^
man waitress and parlor maid, $25 : French
cook, no wash. $30. see lady here at 1 p. m.
to-day; German nurse. J2' l : nurse. 1 child.
sleep home. $1S; experienced hospital nurse,
$2.".; cook. was. i and Iron. San I.uls Oblsjvo,
MS; 3 cooks. German style, $2.'>: 6 waitresses,
05 and $20; 2 boarding-house cooks, $25: ex-
perienced pap°r-box makers. $<> and $7 a
week, and a large number Of girls for cook-
ing and housework. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
316 Sutter st.
3 WAITRESSES, $20 each: chambermaid and
wait, one meal, $20. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
A WOMAN with a child, city, $12. MISS
(TIiLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child. $25. as cook, country.
Miss CULLEN, Mf Sutter st.
A COMPANION to Invalid lady, $25. MISS
CULLEN, 22:. Sutter st.
FRENCH mdlJ. $2.V MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
RANCH cook. $23: 2 second girls, $20 and $18.
MISS CULLEN. 3::> Sutter st.
BECOND girl. $JO, same house.
MISS ITI.LKX, 325 Slitter St.
12 HOUSEWORK girls, city and country, $20
and $25; 8 young girls, assist, $10 to $15.
MISS CULLEN, 32:. Sutter St.
COOK, hottl, $40. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
NURSE, sleep home, $18. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
WANTED— American cooks. $25 and $30: Ger-
man cooks. $25 and $30: French second girl.
$20; German or Scandinavian second girl.
$20: 2 nurse girls, $20 and $16; 2 French
cooks. $25 and $20; French girls housework.
Sl.'i and $20; young girl? to assist, $20 and
$15 and $10. Call at LEON ANDRE, 30S
Stockton st.
GlRL— Martinez. $20: 2 girls. Oakland. $20: girl.
Santa Cruz, $20; girl. Webster. $20; girl for
Shasta County, $2. r >: girl. Pacific aye.. $20;
girl. Sutter. $20; 2 girls, Alameda. $20; girl.
Powell. $20: girl, Webster, $20. MARTIN &
CO.. HI Mark-t St.
GERMAN or Swiss girl for ranch home. $25.
MARTIN & CO.. 74?
I WAITRESSES, pi and room: 3 waitresses.
$1S and room: 6 waitresses, $5 per week; 3
cooks, $20 to $30 and room; 7 young girls,
small restaurants. $3 to $4 a week; 3 cham-
bermaids and wait. $15 to $20 and room;
lunch counter girl. MARTIN & CO., 749
Market st.
SIX waitresses, city hotels. $20; 10 waitresses,
country hotels, $20; 2 waitresses, same hotel,
country, $20, free fare: 40 girls for house-
work, city and country. $15, $20 and $2.".: M
girls to assist. $12 and $15. C. R. HANSEX
6 CO., 10S Geary st.
TEN waitresses, different country hotels. $-.'fi;
2 waitresses, same country hotel. $20 each;
ranch cooks, $25 and $20; German or Swiss
woman to cook on milk ran-h near city. $25.
MURRAY A READY. Leading Employment
Agents. 634-636 Clay st.
COOK, $30; second girl. $25; nurse, $15: house-
glrl, $2">; young girl. light work. $10;
houseglrl or woman, sleep home, $25. MRS.
NORTON. 523 Sutter st.
COOKS, chambermaids, nurseglris and girls
for housework. MRS BIRD, 721 Ellis st.
MIDDLE-AGED man; understands taking
care of garden, cow. chickens, etc. ; will
wi.rk for $10 and board a month; best of
references. J. D., 3845 Sacramento st.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker; Is first-class
fitter and designer: will work for $1 per
day. Address 19 Sixth st.
EXPERIENCED restaurant waitress. 406
McAllister st. ; call early.
GIRL for general housework. 108 Chattanooga
st . near Twenty-second.
! GIRL to assist In general housework; $12. 2612
Larkln st.
EXPERIENCED bookfolder wanted at 516
Commercial st.. top floor.
FINISHES wnntrd on custom coats and but-
tonholes. 123 Russ st.
YOUNG WOMAN wait on table. 202 Towns-
end st.; after 2; no Sunday work.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on vests; understands
good button-holes. Kfl Mission st.
<.}I HI. to assist in upstairs work and care for
Child. 1223 McAllister st.
AN APPRENTICE wanted at dressmaking"-
15 to 16 years old. 1301 Larkln st
GIRL or young woman to do housework;
sleep home. 3.W Clementina st.
: BOOK FOLDERS wanted; also 2 girls to learn.
. at 605 Montgomery st.
1 GIRL to wash dishes; -leep home; hours (
I till s. tl'j Larktn st.
HELP WANI EU— Continued.
1 APPRENTICE on custom coats, experienced.
I 706 Folsom st.
MILLINER, $15 per week, at once; 2 glace-
fruit salesladies. 313 Bush st.
3 CONFECTIONERY salesladies, new store;
j young lady for photograph gallery. 313 Bush.
STEWARDESS for Alaska steamer; hotel
housekeeper for Juneau. 313 Bush st.
SALESWI i.MAN. skirts and suits. Address box
843. Call office.
[FIRST-CLASS ventilator and hairdresser 24
Geary st.
REFINED nursery governess who understands
training of children; references required. Box
798. Call office.
REMoVED-Dr. Wise, the ladies' specialist, to
1508 Market St.: monthly troubles, etc.
YOUNG girl for general housework. Apply 214
Hyde st.
LAW HENCE Dresscuttlng School. 1079 Market
St.; perfect fit; no trying on; trial free.
LOT of uncalled-for shoes from 25c up to $1 25.
HI Mission st.. bet. First and Second.
LADIES' shoes, soleing. 35c. men's shoes, sole-
ing, r.Oc. ; all repairing done at half the usual
price. 562 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d.
THE McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery
School is the best place tr> learn; Mechanics'
Fair diploma: patterns cut 25c up. 103 Post.
MALE HELP WAI.TED.
WANTED— IS woodsmen for making railroad j
ties, 8c to 10c, pay monthly, good timber, ;
long Job; 5 coal miners; 2 iron boat build- j
ers, $3 a day: 2 placer miners for Alaska; !
hotel and restaurant cooks and waiters.
Apply to J. F. CKOSETT & CO., 62S Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— Neat young man with some expe-
rience as nurse; with references. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62s Sacramento st.
HEAD COOK, restaurant.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 10S Geary st.
FRENCH cook, country hotel, $50
Broiler, restaurant, $16 a week: broiler,
south, $65; cook for a boarding-house. $50;
lunch cook. $30 and room: German kitchen
hand. $22 .%0
Waiter, $35: 2 waiters. $30; dinner waiter,
gO. C. R. HANSKN & CO.. 10S Gearyjst^
I'i'l.isilEß and starcher, country steam laun-
dry. J.iO. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary.
COLORED cook for boarding-house, $35. C. R,
HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
PORTER and runner, country hotel, $30; twll-
♦boy, city, $10. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108
Geary st.
HORSESHOER. country shop. C. R. HAN-
SKN A co., ms Geary st.
B GERMAN or Scandinavian farmers, $20,
same ranch; 2 choreboys and men. $10,
party here. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108
Geary St.
MEN to contract to cut 5000 cords of good tlm- I
ber, from 1000 cords up, $1 a cord I
40 tlemakers, 10c. tools and grub advanced,
long Job
11 coal miners
c K. HANSKN & CO.. 108 Geary st.
SHAMPOOER for baths in Los Angeles,
party here. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108
Geary st.
3 COOKS. $9 to $10 a week: 4 cooks, $6, $7 and
$s a week ; cook, country, $40 and room.
_MARTIN & CO., 749 Market st.
3 BOYS, store work. $3 a week. MARTIN &
i < i . 749 Market st.
13 MORE tlemakers. 10c per tie. MARTIN &
CO.. 749 Market st.
3 KITCHEN men. $20; 3 dishwashers, $5 a
week: 4 dishwashers, Jio to $12 and room: 3
dishwashers, $15 and room. MARTIN &. CO.,
749 Market st.
RAN'H hand, $15; 3 choremen, $5 to $10 per
month; milker, $30. MARTIN A CO., 74»
Market st.
PORTER and runner, country, $25, room, etc.-
hotel porter, city, $20 and room. MARTIN &
CO.. 749 Market nt.
3 BAKERS' h.lpera. MARTIN & CO., 749
Market st.
3 WAITERS, city and country. $25 and roonv !
4 waiters, city, $fi a week; 2 waiters, $30
MARTIN & Co.. 749 Market st.
WANTED — Butler, J5O; butler, $40; night
waiter, |30; hotel waiters. $25: second cook
Frenchman. $45: cook. $40; dishwasher, $15;
Frenchman. handy with tools, $30 and
found: etc. ANDRE'S. 308 Stockton st.
A BUTLER^ $40 to $5o! MISS CULLEN.
?.'■ Sutter st. .
GOOD shoemaker wanted; must be a sober,
industrious and thoroughly reliable man, to
take charge of a branch establishment. W
W. WILLIS. ISM J'ark st., Alameda. If
John Urban sees this, come and see me
John.
MAN of Intelligence and small capital for
lipht cash business in country; pays $25 to
$50 per week; privilege and goods for sale;
owner going to Alaska; write quick. C. B. •
F . BOX 77, Call.
WANTED— Steady man to take orders ar.fi as-
sist generally In light cash office business;
must be satisfied with $65 per month to start
with and have $150 cash; experience not nee- i
es*,-iry. !<SS Market St.. room 3.
TOTTNQ man to learn blacksmlthfng, with
some experience; with some capital to take
interest In business. Box 845, Call.
WANTED — Boy who has worked In drugstore;
German preferred. A. C. DREWITZ, corner
of Eddy and Taylor sts.
WATCHMAN— SingIe man for a general mer-
chanillse store: bring references. 313 Bush.
MARRIED Janitor who understands steam for
an educational institution. 313 Bush st.
GENERAL merchandise store clerk: married;
wife to assist as saleslady. 313 Bush st.
LIVERY stable foreman: 2 coach drivers;
buggy washer; stableman. 313 Bush st.
INTELLIGENT young man In architect's
office. Room 727 Emma Spreckels' building.
BOOKKEEPER. Klondike outfitting firm, $70; '
3 salesmen, same place. 313 Bush st.
YOU NO active men wanted. Call bet. 8 and
10 a. m.. 836 Howard st.
SHEET metal worker and smart boy. Apply
143 Beale st.
ACTIVE man; small carpentering, with view
to business. 2L'<>4 BOBfe St. SIMPSON.
2 STRONG boys, coal yard; $4 per" week. 1511
California st.
Bootblack for barber shop and clean bath
rooms. 120 Geary st.
WANTED— First-class porter In barber shop
204 OTarrell st.
BOY to drive butcher wagon and work Jn
shop. NW. cor. Second and Bryant sts.
WANTED— A tailor at 663 Minna st.
GOOD barber shop for sale cheap: owner go-
Ing to Alaska. 225 Fifth st.
GOOD oak barber chair wanted old gold
plush. 1212 Railroad aye., Alameda.
WANTED— A few men of good appearance and
good talkers to act as city salesmen; also a
man to travel on the road; big money to
right parties; Investigate. Call 17 Grand aye
bet. Ninth and Tenth sts.. off Mission.
WANTED— Shirt traveler on side line on com-
mission. Box 815. Call office.
FOR sawmill, country, steady work: 20 rail-
road laborers, $20 and board; 2 married men
for mlllwork: gang boss, $10 and board-
ranch blacksmith. $30. R. T. WARD & CO '
60S and 610 Clay st.
WANTED— First-class painters and carpenters
to buy lot or email house and lot and Day
M* r rk ln w °rk- THE MCCARTHY CO., 646
WANTED— Bright young man with $500 cash
bond to manage branch of large provision
company: money secured; reference required.
Address box 835, Call.
SEAMEN for coast, Alaska and Australia- no
cash required. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted a!
LANE'S. 504 Davis st., near Jackson.
25-CENT barber shop and bath; country near
city: good chance: good reason for selling-
must be sold. Address box 692, Call office.
BRIGHT boy to work in manufacturing estab-
8& hl '•au^r $3 a Week " Address °*
i RECRUITS wanted for the United States
I marine corps. United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ares of
?? , and 1° year - who are citizens of the
M nlt ? States, or those who nave legally de-
clared their Intention to become s-ch; must
be of good character and habits ana able to
speak, K ad A nd , write English, and be be-
; - L wee " 5 feet 5 inches and 6 feet in height.
For further information apply at the re-
crulting office. 20 Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cal.
W »££ T ! : P^ L ore !r? and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per, week.
TO tailors— Good bushelman wanted. Apply
}£}-^ < » and 11 a. m. to CHARLES LY-
ONS, 721 Market st. .
2000 PAIRS shoes— Another lot of men's shoes;
been slightly damaged: at less than one-
fourth their value: from 25c to $2 50. 662
Mission St.. bet. First and Second sts.
•WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near
Markrt: 200 rooms. 25c a night: reading-room;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ROSEDALE House, 321 Ellis— Rooms 25c to $1
night: $1 to $4 week ; hot and cold baths. ;
BARBERS' Association Free Employment Of-
fice. S. FUCHS. Sec.. 325 Grant aye.
MARKET. 4— Branch office of The Call: want
 ads and subscriptions taken.
LARKIN. 615— Branch office of The Call; want
4 ads and subscriptions taken.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
MEN to learn barber trade in eight weeks. 8.
F. Barber College, 138' 2 Eighth st.
SINGLE rooms, 10c and 15c nlpht: 7,"c and $1
week. Lindell House. Sixth and Howard sts^
MARKET. S63'. (Hicbo House)— Rooms 20c, 25c
to 50c night; $1 to $2 week.
DRUMM. 225 (Oriental")— Rooms, 15c to 75c per
night; 50c to $1 50 per week.
WANTED— At Montana House. 764^ Mission
st.. men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
night: 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
wanted— To collect waces *w laborers -tnd
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market st . 1., low Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night; $1 a week.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS make $6 to $12 a day; Perfection
Burners: consumes kerosene: territory pro-
tected: 200.000 sold four months. Pac. Supply
Co., 82 Flood building.
MONARCH vapor Lath cabin.-t. containing
recent improvements; agents making $10 a
day: territory protected. Pacific Supply Co.,
82 Flood building. _^
FIRST-CLASS canvassers wanted to solicit
subscriptions for the San Francisco Call
Beribner's T'nited States History Clubs: the
greatest United States history ever published,
costing over $100,000 for Illustrations alone;
this is a grand opportunity for a live agent
to make money. Call or write at once for
particulars. Address Pan Francisco Call,
History Department, room 129S Claus Spreck-
ls building.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
LA/>V wishes board and pleasarft room, fur-
nished or unfurnished; $1S; references. Box
814. Call office.
LADY mustc teacher wishes large unfurnished
room between Market and Howard, Fourth
and Elehth sts.: half payment in piano les-
sons. Box 708. Call office.
ROOMS WASTED.
WANTED— 2 unfurnished sunny rooms north
of Market st.. not above Bush. Address
box 789. Call Office.
FURNITUKE WAKTED.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
f-ornf>rv St.- hitrhecf tr-fes paM. Tel. T>avU 71.
W VNTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WE buy all kinds of second-hand tools, stoves.
etc. JAMES CURTIN, 1123 Market St.
SECOND-HAND clothing, dresses, sealskins,
wanted; best prices; send postal. 1010 Folsom.
MACHINERY, belting, pipe, scales, tools, etc.,
bought and sold. J. Livingston, 204 Mission.
PAWNBROKER— OId gold, sliver, cast-off
clothing bought. Add. CQLEMAN. 41 Third.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branch-
es; electrical, civil & mining engineering, sur-
veying, assaying, etc. : 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1S02; catalogue.
AYRES" Business College, 723 Market st. :
individual instruction In shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc. ; life scholar-
ship. $50; low rates per week and month.
ENGINEERING school; civil, electrical, mln-
lng. mech.. survey, assay, archit. ; day & eve.:
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course in Tarr's counting room makes you
thorough. Room 572, 855 Market st.
WANTED— PupiIs In English and bookkeep-
ing; satisfactory terms. Address room .3,
Oriel Tlotel.
ENGLISH; private lessons; experienced
teacher; hours, S to 6. MISS FULLER, 839
Turk st.
VOICE culture, piano Pans graduate; French,
Spanish: new classes; $2 mo. 109 Taylor st.
MRS. FRIEDBERG. voice culture; 50c a les-
son. 914 O'Farre'.l St.
FLUTE, mandolin, guitar lessons; club $1
monthly. PROF. GASTALDI. 710 Lombard.
BoOKKF.EriXO. nrilhmetlc. writing, gram"
j _n»ar: day. night: $5 mo. JRM Market, op. Sth.
i INrnviru'AL Instruction, shorthand and type-
[ writing; terms reasonable. 1615 A Post st.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1236 Mar-
ket St.: 124 positions In '98; 103 in '97.
j LUDLUM School of Elocution and Dramatic
i Art. 92S Sutter st.
; FISK teachers' agencies in 10 cities: teachers
wanted now. 420 Parrott building.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Th" Weekly
Cnl! Sent to any ad'lr^ss in the T'nited
Ptntcs or Canada one year for $1 ."0 postaee
fr«e.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
15-room corner house on Post Ft $1,000
27-room corner house clears $150 1.800
26-room house, on Geary st 1,600
8-room corner flat on Geary st 275
100-room hotel on Market st 7,000
24-room house, near Call office. "no
34 moms, fine corner 1,600
14 rooms, on O'Farrell St.. only 650
16 rooms, on Market, part offices 850
12 rooms, central, pood furniture 250
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market Ft., opp. Fifth.
WINSTON & CO.. 646 MARKET STREET.
RELIABLE BROKERS.
15 rooms, part cash; elegant, new $1,000
I 19 rooms, corner: a snap for 650
23 rooms, near Baldwin: only R;,n
i 26 rooms, 12 unfurnished: rent $40 400
I 25 rooms, payments: rents $75: new........ 1200
26 rooms, offices; will exchange for city
property.
80 rooms, part cash, bal. payments.; 2600
j 50 rooms, 3 corner: rent $100 2000
I 63 rooms, clears from $250 to $300.. 3200
! 120 rooms; rent $120; part cash .'. 1500
!R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 646 Market st. ' '
14 rooms, Sutter st., part cash $ 275
70 rooms, rent $220. part cash 3.500
25 rooms, corner, brand new. elegant ... 3 00(1
44 rooms, rent $100. investigate 1.700
45. rooms, corner, rent $132. see it 1.500
47 rooms, rent $100, 3 corners 2,000
LODGING-HOUSE: 26 rooms: fall; rent $55;
water free: In exchange for Oakland prop-
erty; cash difference. Apply 439 Jessie st.
GOOD chance to make money: 80 rooms- rent
$76; terms, half cash, balance monthly pay-
ments. 103 New Montgomery st.
24-ROOM. lodging-house: fine transient: sacri-
ficed: cash; sickness. Box SO4, Call office.
$150 BUYS nicest furnished sunny flat in city:
one- half cash; no triflers. 402"r£ Geary st.
MINNA. 410— «-room house all furnished:
rented: will sell cheap.
FOR SALE — Coso Lodging-house. 411 San-
some Ft.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works: cleans,
moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS M<r
38 and 40 Eighth st. : telephone South KO.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAI'LDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-5? Tehama st. ; tel. So. 4".
GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet-cleaninif
Works, 14 Sth st. B. GRANT; tet. Jessie 201.
CLEANING, 3c; laying. 2c; rug samples free;
tel. Jessie 944. STRATTON, 3 Eighth st.
CARPETS cleaned and renovated like newT
Mackintosh & Co., 23 Tenth; tel. South K.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co., MO 14th
_stj^ cleaning. 3c a yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating W.-rks. r.3
Gate aye. : telephone East 12fi.
LOST.
LOST— gold monogram watch charm with
initials "A. J. 5.." Friday afternoon, on
Union st., near Baker. Finder send descrip-
tion to box 544. Call office: $5 reward.
NEAR Van Ness and McAllister— Lady's gold
watch: gold fob: reward. 647 McAllister.
FRIDAY, January 21, bracelet monograms;
valued as ' memento of dead sister: reward
504 Thirteenth st. .
LOST— A pass-book with the Hlbernla Savings
• and Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
name of NICHOLAS PANDELIDES- No
213.534. The finder will please return to' bank!
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of HERBERT W. HARBOCRXE No.
507.626. The finder will please return to bank.
BRING old gold and silver to me and get ca3&
for It. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
LEGAL NOTICES.
STATE of California— l. KMII.IE BAXLJEH-
NER. of Budapest, Hungary, doing . busi-
ness under the firm name of Andreas Sax-
W-hner, hereby certify that I- bottle and sell
Mineral Water, to wit: Bitter Water, bear-
Ing the words, "Saxlehner's Bitterquelle
Hunvadl Janos, In raised letters blown In
the bottom of each bottle, and that my prin-
cipal place of business In the State of Cali-
fornia is in the County of San Francisco.
Dated January 21. IS9S.
KMILIK SAXLF.HNF.R.
. PROPOSALS.
U. S. ENGINEER office, •41 Flood Building
San Francisco. ■. Cal.. January 22 1898
Sealed proposals for dredging "in Oakland
Harbor. Cal.. will be received until 11 o'clock
a. m.. Thursday. March 10, 1S!»S. Information
furnished on application. W. H. HEI'FH
Major. Engineers. • : - *•'">''
TYFEWRTTEriS~ — —
REMlN^GTOX^NoT^i "flne^order ; OB; nmpla
» Bent. -. SCOTT & BANNAN. 533 Montgomt?|!; BUSINESS;- CHANCES.
BUSINESS men are invited to examine~lntoan
old - established manufacturing concern;
stock and plant complete; will easily Invoice
ever 12000; is offered for saie for less than
Invoice value; technical knowledge not re- •
quired; any one of ordinary business ability
can manage the concern: satisfactory reasons
for selling. M. LESS. 7C5 Market st.
1760— FIRST-CLASS butcher shop In best part I
western Addition; splendid fixtures; large :
refrigerator; horse and wagon; most desir- !
able class cash trade: established 20 years;
full investigation invited: satisfactory reason
given for selling; a grand opportunity; don't !
miss it. M. LESS. 765 Market St. ,— ,
BREWERY MEN. ATTENTION!
Brewery; part cash; best proposition
ever made in this line; beat locality in the
State; running full capacity; plant complete
and In first-class order; water power free- '
engines in bottling works and brewery; ready
Bale for all products: more than full value
M. sight; 7 a M a rket k et and frame buildings
M. 1 Market ;t.
$250— RESTAURANT; good location; has steady ■
paying class of trade; very low rent- has
everything first class in dining-room and i
kitchen; worth your while seeing. M. LESS
765 Market st. '
COFFEE saloon and chophouse. north of i
Market st. ; old and well-established place- '
fine trade; finely fitted up; rent reasonable-
easily clears Jl5O per month; trial. M. LESS*
.65 Market st.
$373-r-DELICACY and dairy produce store; well ;
located; south of Market St.; extra large
stock on hand; doing splendid business- 4
nice living rooms; rent only $15. M. LESS
765 Market st. "
$500— CORNER grocery and bar; most choice
location in the Western Addition; large stock-
big bar trade; an Al offer; worth looking
into; (satisfactory reasons for sale. M LESS
765 Market st. ' !
A CORNER saloon established many years in !
the very choicest location; average daily re-
ceipts about $45; other bus,: engagements
compel owner to sacrifice. Investigate at I
once and make an offer. WILKE, 7>3 Mar-
ket st.
$300— THE best paying corner saloon on water :
front: rent $20:. a very good paying place;
owner keeps another businesss and must sac-
rifice. WILKE. 781 Market st.
A— sB6o; corner grocery and bar, with 4 living
rooms, in Mission; horse and wagon- doing
a good-paying business; no opposition within
a block; low rent. Call WILKE. 781 Market.
STATIONERY, news agency and cigars-
•Western Addition; clearing $80 monthly; 3
living rooms: good genuine investment. ' In-
qulre WILKE. 753 Market st.
DRUG store, established many years, in very
choicest location, having the highest reputa-
tion and a large patronage in prescriptions
and general drug business; Important other
engagements compel owner to sell. WILKE
788 Market St.
$1630— OLD-ESTABLISHED corner grocery and
bar; choicest location in Western Addition-
Z*P* 5: . average monthly receipts about
$1.-00: all fresh stock: owner to leave for
Klondike. WILKE. 78?. Market st.
BTRAND & CO.. 23 Kearny St.. buy. sell or
exchange business quick; partner procured.
$COO— SALOON and restaurant: best in city-
clear $150 month. BRAND & CO., 23 Kearny.
$ICOO— BAKERY and confectionery store; re-
ceipts $50 day; fine place. STRAND & CO
23 Kearny st.
NOTICE— ARMSTRONG & CO.. 885^ Market
St.. will pell your business quick for cash.
$250— PARTNER in' light Indoor cash business;
well established: $S. . mouth to each. APM-
STRONG. 565<4 Market st.
$200— SALOON; best location in the city. CUR-
RAN & CO.. 30 Kearny st.
A RARE, chance for hotel man. the leading
hotel in St. Helena. Nnpa Co.. furniture,
stock and good will for saie at a bargain:
old established and paying property; good
reasons given for selling. Write at once
to MACKINDER & ELGIN. Agents, St.
Helena, Cal.
PARTNER or invalid gentleman with few
hundred dollars to secure interest and good
home; country roadhouse. Box 547, Call office.
PARTNER wanted with $75 in restaurant
business. Inquire 419 Mission st.
SMALL coffee-house; must sell to-day; sick-
ness. 43 Third st.
WELL-PAYING saloon; Al location. 506
Clay st.
CORNER saloon: good location; cheap rent;
owner sick. Inquire 253 Third st.
$550 — CANDY and ice cream store; best loca-
. tion; clears $100 month. Bee ARMSTRONG &
CO., S6s'«j Market St.; office to let.
$1200— MOOD, coal, feed store; good bargain. .
$700— Saloon, beat location in city.
$300— Cor. grocery and bar: Western Addition.
— Coal oil route; well established.
Bakery and delicacy store; a bargain;
and other good bargain? at
ANDERSON & WINK'S. 777 Market st.
A—s6oo:A — $600: saloon and restaurant: opposite depot;
terminus 2 car lines: doing rushing business;
living and club rooms; rent $-10; best busl- j
ness opening in maraet. Inquire WEB- i
LAND'S BREWERY. . - .-• • - - j
PLAY the races on our new system; $60 a ;
week on $100 capital guaranteed or no charge i
for services. .The American Turf Bureau. I
rooms 5 and 6. 850 Market St.. San Francisco, j
r $100— BAKERY, candy, notions, circulating
library, furniture, living rooms; rent $10;
present parties run 5 years. Corner Castro
and Henry Ets.
$1550— ESTABLISHED Jobbing wine and liquor
business and bar; full value; located on prin-
cipal business street; no agents. Box 529
Call office.
CORNER saloon, good location, south of Mar-
ket st.; good stock and nice fixtures; side
rooms, etc.; very reasonable. Box 594, Call. !
RESTAURANT, well furnished: good location;
cheap rent; price $90 if taken at once. 914
Seventh St., Markct-st. Station, Oakland.
CORNER grocery and bar for sale at a sacri-
fice on account of retirintr from business;
make an offer. 1401 Lyon st.
RESTAURANT for sal* cheap; good location;
cheap rent. 110 Eighth St.
O'FARRELL. 723— For sale, branch bakery and
, notion; 3 nice living rooms; cheap rent.
PRINTING office. $575; must be sold, i Call-
■ rnia st., room 5.
FOR sale— Delicacy store, with 2 furnished
rooms, on account of sickness. 153 Seventh.
PATFNTS— Send for "Hints on Inventing."
EDGAR TATE & CO., Patent Solicitors. 245 I
Broadway, New York.
FINE furn'Rhed saloon; new fixtures; rash
register: a good-paying Investment; business
established: cheep rent: owner going into
other business; Investigate. 11l Fifth St.,
corner Minna.
WANTED— Tenant Who understands running
mechanics' hotel; locntion where large num-
ber of men are employed; company will con-
struct building to suit. Box 7 .-, Call office.'
$2EO— BRANCH bakery, candy, ice cream and
' not'on store: fine location; neatly fitted up.
GEO. W. H. PATTERSON ft CO., 1709 Mar-
ket St.. Re.-:! Estate and Insurance Brokers.
PHYSICIAN [• a mining camp will dispose of
his practice to a regular for price of office
furniture. Address box 799. Call office.
FOR SALE or rent— Blacksmith's tools and
stock: shop to lease: good business; going to
Klondike. 28 San Pablo aye., Oakland.
WANTED— To buy, good will of country sa-
loon; state price; no agents. Box 792, Call.
< GOOD paying restaurr.nt for Kale or exchange.
\_<*r Inquire Model Lodgings, 737 Mission st.
MILK ranch for sale. Address box J., Six-
teenth and Mission sta.
$225— BARBER shop. 5 chairs: part cash, bal-
ance monthly. Inquire 52 Eighth st.
FINE frult-Etore- must be sold; owner Is go-
Ing north. 409 Geary st. ■.-■,:'•
$20— STORE to let, cor. Oak and Franklin; suit-
able for. any business. 15 Grant aye.
RESTAURANT for sale. 313 O'Farrell st,
I MAN for partner: $109 capital; good-paying
business. 1015 Market, rm. 17, second floor.
FIRST-CLASS bakery. 4 horses and 2 wagons;
good outside trade. Inquire at Call office.
BUTCHER shop for sale. Address box 729.
Call office.
_______
EMITII & OPBORN. Regist'd Patent Agents;
established VMS. 319 Pine St.. city.
PORTLAND ngor.cy this paper. Inquire this
office or at 133 Third st., Portland. Oregon.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO/8. 411 Sacramento st.
AL.A KA ENTERPRISES.
PARTY making op for gold fields. 1236 Mar-
ket St.. room 126..
ARCTIC sleds, Arctic dnera, Yukon boats, pi-
lot maps to the Klondike. Alaska outfits,
steam launches and stern- wh"Cl steamers,
with boilers suitable to bill wood: 50 boats
can be seen at salesroom. GW. KNEASS,
718 Third ft. Phone Red 23*51. ,
WANTED— 2O m»n with J5OO each to go to Alas-
ka for th» Alaska Transportation, Trading
and Mining Co., rooms 20 and 21, Chronicle
building: a safe investment. --
WANT 25 men who will go to a favorite point
In Alaska. B. E. BXJNCK, &08 Broadway,
Oakland. Cal.
STORAGE..
AT low Furniture, carpets, pianos,
household goods; clean, light compartments;
> advances made. J. NOONAN, 1017 to 109
Mission st.. above Sixth: open evenings.
AT lowest rates — Household i»oods. pianos; ad- :
vancer* made; fireproof building. F. W.
ZEIIFUES, HO Mission tit. Tel. Mint 1821. j
HOUSES TO LET.
F de I V; E rent Jj? 5 - House of 7 rooms; large gar-
A rr F n T n^ t Chance; ™: 5 rooms, bath. M6~ Her-
mann St.. near Fillmore.
JULIAN aye.. Jl7J 17 - near Sixteenth and Mls-
sl7 "(T .-room house; modern improvements;
L and U ?? A 1, 2510> near Unlon - of 6 rooms
« nti Dili n .
H 2 U r, SI . of 6 , BUnn >' rooms. 3234 Minna St.;
complete order. Apply at 323.
525 i I 5 a 5 r ./ el l t? Why ' not build? You can do
ft •- *!22 have mortgaged and wish to pay
it off t easily you cari'get best terms of Amer-
lcan Investors' Co.. if Montgomery st.
ALL OVER TOWN—
X 0X 0 *** houses to rent by BALDWIN *
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
WEBSTER. 1321. near O'Farrell— Sunny, con-
venlent house. I rooms, bath; only $25.
FURNISHED house of 7 rooms and bath: large
yard; latest Improvements: furniture new.
Including piano; near Pleasanton Hotel; only
responsible parties need apply. Address box
>-.. Call office.
COTTAGES TO LET.
FOTR rooms and stable in good order~~sl4
.U-ssie st.: rent reasonable.
ARMY. 3612. near San J«.«e aye.— Sunny cot-
tage. E noms; bath, basement.
COTTAGE. 4 rooms and stable. ~2lB~Colltng^
■ • ■ 1 st.. bet. ivth and 20th.
NKV." cottage, 5 rooms; hot and cold water;
stationary tubs; every convenience; rent $13.
1219 Folsom st.
PAGE, BM— Nice 6-room cottage; sunny side;
rent moderate.
PRECITA aye., 101— Cottage of 3 rooms;
rent $7.
COTTAGES. 6 and R rooms, cheap: In good re-
'r'-'-r. Apply 171 Collins st. . near Masonic av<».
lI. ATS FURNISHED.
HOMES fitted out at half regular price at the
big sale of the Michigan furniture and car-
pets at PATTOSIEN'S, Sixteenth and Mis-
sion sts.
FLATS TO LET.
CAPP, SSI. near Twenty-fourth— Modern upper
6-room flat.
CLAYTON, 174, south of Frederick— mod-
ern flat, 4 rooms and bath; cheap.
SUNNY bay-window flat of 7 room* and bath.
NE. cor. of Dolores and Fifteenth sts.
CORNER Folsom and Thirteenth— Lower flat
5 rooms and bath; rent $20. Apply MADISON
6 BURKE.
FULTON, 118— Fine middle flat. 7 rooms, bath:
near City Hall; $28.
GEARY, 1505— Beautiful flat. 8 rooms, bath,
with every convenience, $30.
GEARY, 22. r >s— s rooms; porcelain bath; laun-
dry: modern: rent $20.
GREEN, 417—5 rooms; large yard; all nice
and clean.
BUNNY corner flat of five rooms: northeast
corner of Halght and Flllmore sts.
HARRISON St., 729^4. between Third and
1 Fourth— with 5 rooms and bath.
. MCALLISTER. 1015. near Buchanan— s2o; 7-
room bay-window flat; pantry; good yard.
— CO NICE flats and cottages, under $10.
A— 3oo nice flats, cottages and houses, $10 up.
20 new flat* at SPECK & CO.'S, 602 Market.
! ALL OVER TOWN — —
You pee flats to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 1C Montgomery st.
MOSS, 30. near Seventh— Upper flat. 5 rooms;
bath: rent $16: key corner Howard.
I NATOMA. 714— Flat of 4 rooms; large yard:
cellar: sun all day: $10.
NINETEENTH. SP2S, bet. Sanchez and Noe—
Nice sunny flat r> rooms and bath: 25 Ford
Ft., between Seventeenth and Eighteenth.
Sanches and Noe. nice sunny flat I rooms
and bath: rent very low to good tenant.
OAK. IG33— New handsomely furnished sunny
7-room flat, with piano; reasonable to re-
sponsible parties; afternoon.
*2 ROOM upper flat. 315 O'Farrell St., near
Mason. Apply 15 Grant aye.
POND. 3i, Intersection Sixteenth and Market—
Flat six sunny rooms ami bath.
SACRAMENTO. 3<?47. corner Spruee — New, sun-
ny fiat of five rooms; bath, yard and cellar.
SAN JOSE rive. 116— Upper and lower flat:
choice; "■ sunny rooms; bath; $12 and $14.
SUNNY corner modern new flat, 6 rooms and
bath. 204 Scott st., cor. Halght.
SIX sunny rooms; yard: $15; tunny 4-room cot-
tajre $11. 623 Second st., near Brannan.
SEVENTH. 4; , 0 , near Harrison— Sunny bay- '
wlntlow flat of " rooms; rent reduced.
THIRTEENTH, 515. off Market— 4 nice
rooms. ■ . ' ".
"TWENTIETH. 3142, corner Car-p— Flat of 4
rooms and bath: modern improvements.
$131 -WATER free: levely sunny lower 4-room
flat: modern: large lot: garden. 4075 Twen-
tlilrl ft., a few steps from Castro cars.
FLAT of 5 rooms, sunny, new. modern; fine
marine view. 311 Walnut ft . : $:w.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
BUSH, KM— 2 sunny front rooms, furnished for
light housekeeping; adults only.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call;
subscriptions and want ads taken.
ELEVENTH. 120— Two nicely furnished front
rooms for housekeeping; bay window.
FIFTH, ) — 3 clean housekeeping rooms $13:
one double $S: single $5.
FILLMORE, 213. near Haight— Unfurnished or
partly furnished alcove suite; grate, water;
very cheap; clean and convenient; no sign.
FRANKLIN, 21 — Sunny bay-window house-
keeping rooms; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1060—2 well-furnished
•sunny rooms for light housekeeping, with gas
cook?tove and free use of telephone, or as
single rooms.
GROVE, 22 . cor.' Van Ness aye— Sunny unfur-
nished l-rooni suites: with gas stove.
HOWARD, "'04 — Nicely furnished housekeeping
room, with gas and bath: cheap.
HOWARD, 625 — I connecting rooms furnished
complete for housekeeping; rent $8.
HOWARD, 831— Parlor floor, four large rooms:
unfurnished $2"; complete for housekeeping
$30; walking distance: see this without delay.
LOCUST aye.. 39 — 2 large unfurnished rooms.
$8 per month.
MINNA. 463— Rooms for housekeeping.
MISSION, 1063 — Clean sunny suites; housekeep-
ing; $10 an<". 112.
NEW MONTGOMERY, 105— Cheap, clean fur-
nishod housekeeping and single rooms.
NOE, 151- Sunny alcove room; suitable for 1 or
2 persons: Sfi per month.
POLK. 27 — sunny rooms, cheaply furnished;
rent $7.
SCOTT, 113 — 2 larare connecting rooms and al-
cove, party furnished; bath, water, etc.
SIXTH. Nicely furnished rooms; also
housekeeping.
STANLEY Place, 19— $10, 6 nice sunny rooms.
Including bath: also $7 SO, 4 good rooms.
j STOCKTON, 1703—2 nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping: yard: $10.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3728. near Dolores— Sunny
bay-window rooms for housekeeping. ■
WASHINGTON, Why pay car fare and use
; extra fuel? Three sunny unfurnished rooms
1 $8; also 2 for $6; marble washstands; running
water.
ROOMS TO LET.
BARTLETT, 102— Nice sunny. furnished rooms;
modern conveniences; with or without board.
BUSH. 70S 1 .., near Powell— Nice sunny front
room; rent reasonable.
DEVISADERO, Large sunny furnished
room, double bed, $S; one room. *.*> month.
LEXINGTON, 212 Eddy— Large sunny front j
suites; also single; for gentlemen.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
FIFTH, 107— Pleasant sunny unfurnished rooms
to let.
PULTON, 3 Fulton House)— Nicely furnished j
rooms; sirgle or en suite: $8 and $15 up.
GEARY, 28— A nice suite of 3 sunny rooms
for gentlemen; private family; central and
very reasonable.
GEARY, Sunny furnished rooms for gents:
$6 and $7.
GEARY, 518— Elegant sunny housekpg rooms,
. complete; also double, single; reasonable.
GEARY, Newly furnished sunny modern
rooms; pleasant neighborhood; terms reaaon-
able. !
GEARY, Nicely furnished front and back j
room in private family. I
GOLDEN GATE, 219— Nicely furnished front;
room, $10 per month; also housekeeping and
other rooms.
GOLDEN . GATE, 322— Changes hands Febru-
ary L : - ' -
GROVE, 14— Pleasant furnished room near City
Hall, suitable for gentleman; reasonable.
THE SAX FR AXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 31, 1898.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
HARRISON. 7S4^-Sunny furnished rooms;
bath; all conveniences; quiet home; private
family; tl a week.
HOWARD. 7i:>. ST. DAVirTS^2OO rooms;
EUltee; single; sunny reading-room; 25c up.
HOWARD. 821— The Globe; single, suites; read-
ing-room: 26c per night.
JESsTe. 1443— Single furnished room. $4; prl-
vate; lady or gentleman.
JONES. 114 — 2 or 3 rooms; front; furnished;
sunny; cosy; yard.
JONES, 010— Elegantly furnished sunny front
rooms; bath and gas; board if desired; terms
reasonable.
LARKIN. 327— Newly furnished sunny front
■ near I'.ivlllon.
ARLINGTON House, i;; Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and mnele; first-class
In every respect: terms reasonable.
MARKET. B0- Elegantly furnished suites and
single rooms for Jubilee visitors.
MARKET. MM- (New management): fine, clean
rooms, $1 to $2 DO per week; transient, 26c up.
DELAWARE, llfil Market— Furnished or un-
furnished sunny rooms, single or suites;
terms reasonable.
MARKET. 192'-,-iThe H,awthorn<->-Furnlshel.
unfurnished: single rms.. suites: Jubilee vis.
MARTHA place. 3. off Geary St., bei Taylor
and Mason — 4 light rooms; second floor;
unfurnished.
MARTHA Place. 6. south, off Geary, above
Mason- Large tunny room for 1 or 2; rent
reasonable.
M\I. LISTER, 542 — Comfortable furnished
room; gas and bath; $1 50 a week.
MCALLISTER, W— Nicely furnished front
room; gas and bath; $3 per month; call
mornings.
MINNA. fi€7. corner Eighth -Newly furnished
bay-wtadow rmrni. $i ■ week.
MINNA. Nt%, between Eighth and Ninth— 3
nice rooms, front, bit yt.rd. $8.
MISSION, E44A Newly furnished single and
housekeeping rooms: rent cheap.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 7M Mission: select family
rooming house: tl 50 to $6 per we«k.
MISSION. UStt New bay-window suite, with
use of piano: J2O per month.
NINTH. UOH, near Market -Neat sunny bay-
window and grate: $4 .".0, $5 and $7 50.
O'FARRELL. 73."— Nicely furnlsheil sunny dou-
ble room: bath, hot and ooM water; $12.
PINE. 2114 — Large sunny front bay- window
room: suitable for 3; rent $20.
POLK. 607— A fine, large parlor, sunny, and
other rooms: also housekeeping: reasonable.
POLK. 609— Large sunny furnished room for
gentleman: all conveniences; $8.
POST. 2406— Lady can get nicely furnished
room in private home: very reasonable; use
of kitchen or board If desired.
POWELL. IB— Nice suite of rooms or single
rooms: rent cheap: also transient.
POWELL, 2'"S— iThe Montello)— Sunny suites
and single rooms: reasonable: transient.
POWELL. RS— New house; newly furnished;
suits and single; also office rooms.
CENTRAL Boose. *,2 Second- Ray window
room, with stove. $2 SO week; single rooms, $1.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Plensant sunny rooms, en suite and
single: elevator; moderate rates: families.
Seventh. ÜBVfr Nicely tarnished, sanaj
rooms from $6 up.
BBVENTH. 142 Furnished suites and single
I rooms at lowest rates. MRS. PRAIIL. prop.
TWi > runny unfurnished rooms, bedroom and
kit-hen en Shipley. Key at 20 Ritch: rent $6.
SIXTH. ISi;— Laree nicely furnished bay-win-
dow room: grate; closet; running water; sin-
gle or suite.
SOT'TH PAP.X. 1«4- I runny rooms; unfnr-
BlabeA: rent 19; one for gentleman.
ST'"'KTi >N. 17. European— Elegant rooms:
suite or single: day, week or month: baths:
hot and cold water: transient; elevator.
THE STANFORD, 32"S Sutter— Suits, single
rooms for Jubilee visitors, H>C to $1 50 day.
1 SUTTER. nS-719. :<n.l Ml Hyde— Furnished arfd
unfurnished; choice for offices: reasonable.
TT'RK. "4? KIOS sunny room near Pavilion;
! grate. ga« and bath: J2 H p-r Wi
VAN NESS. US. cor. OoM Large
sunny parlrrs suitable for doctor or den-
dlst: also housekeeping rooms.
800 Bt'FTNKSS cards printed Jl: ?5 visiting
cards. Kc. HTLL. 7T<H Market St.
6i:. LARKIN Branch office of The Call: sub-
scilptions and wr.nt ads taken
BOARDING AND ROOM!)
BUSH. 1094. corner Leavenworth— Sunny front
rooms, double an.l single, 2 meals, $40 and $22.
FELL. 24— Sunny furnished rooms: board op-
tlcnal; prrlor for 2 with board. $35.
HOTEL SALISBURY: beautiful grounds: ta-
ble unsurpasned. 299 Hyde. cor. Eddy.
SUTTER. 1021— Elegant sunny parlor suite:
hot and cold water; for physician, family,
etc. : board or not.
TURK. 813 — Nice rooms and board in private
family: bath, grate, excellent table; cars pass
the door: terms $20 up.
VAN NESS aye.. Newly furnished sunny
rooms: good board: terms moderate.
LADY will teach piano In return for lunch
daily. Box HE, Call office.
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:33
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions nr\A xvnrt aflw taken.
CHILDREN nOARDER.
CHILD to board: best care: terms reasonable;
r»frrence required. 1034 McAllister ft.
STORES TO LET.
FRONT-ST. store to let— 2oB Front -"t., just
north of California; 2 floors and cellar, with
elevator. Apply to C. S. CAPP & CO., Real
Estate Agents, 630 Market st.
GOOD location for drug store: rent $17 per
month. Southwest corner Ellis and Scott.
BLACKSMITH: lnrce shop: 2 fires; fine loca-
tion: $15. 1223 Fell st.
$20— STORE' to let: corner Oak nnd Franklin;
suitable for any business. II Grant aye.
$26— FURNISHED large fireproof (tore; center
of business. St. H"l»na: long lease. Address
lock box 13. St. Helena. Cal.
FACTORIES TO LET.
MISSION. R79, opposite Welis-Fartro> n»"-
building— Second floor: power available for
Ftraw works. T'lpor boy. shirt faetorlp*. etc.
STABLES TO LET.
STABLE of 6 stalls, single or us a whole, to
responsible private party. ?29 Eddy st.
TEAS.
TEAS.
10, 25, 30. 35. 40. 50 per pound
COFFEES.
10, 15, 20, 25. 3:".. 40 per pound
SPICES,
10. 15, 20, K. 40 per can.
RUNNING 100 STORES ENABLES US TO
SELL VERY. CHEAP.
WE GIVE FREE
PRETTY DISHES,
GOLD V.'ATCHES,
BICYCLES.
MUSIC BOXES,
AIR RIFLES.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO
Stores Everywhere. * "
______
umisi:s.
'< HORSE for sale. Inquire at 3900 Twenty-
fourth St., corner of Sanchez.
JUST arrived— 2 carloads broke horses; 1200 to
1600 pounds. 145 Valencia st.
BUGGIES, wagons, horses, carts bought, sold
or exchanged: cheap storage. 40 horses: must
sell. T. P. NEWELL. 1802 Mission, cor. 14th.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies.
: carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth St., auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. AuctHr.eers.
WAGO.TS AND CAHKIAGES.
STANDING-TOP business buggy; cost'lioo-
bargain; $75. 1634 Mission st.
BIG 2-horse- express wagon; 2 horses. South-
east cor. Hatght and FUlmore Gts.
WE sell at bargains th» second-hand carriages
coupes and wagonettes taken in exchange
O'BRIEN & SONS, corner Golden Gate aye
and Polk st. .
SECOND-HAND grocery. bakery, delivery
wagons, 2-wheeled carts, road wagons, bug-
gies and harness bargains for cash. Fifteenth
and Valencia sts.
TOP buggy, new grocery, business buggy and
good »-sprlng delivery wagon. .161 Howard.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy; also 1 hack. S2S Harrison st.
PERSONALS.
YOUNG man wishes to correspond with
wealthy lady, who is willing to outfit him for
. Klondike on one-half • share. Address box
£40. Call office.
IMPORTANT legacy left; liberal reward for
information of whereabouts of
WILLIAM OWEN JONES
of Southern California, or of - -
EDWARD LLoYD WILLIAMS,
formerly of England.
Address C. DISNEY, 911 Sixteenth st., Wash-
ington, D. C.
AM prepared to wait on all who come to my
parlors; plenty of room; halrdresslng, 25c;
good switches. $1: best, finest quality. $3 CO;
extra heavy, long, $s;f<pen Sundays 9 to 12
a. m. G. LEDEKER, 111 Stockton st.
QUINONIA Hair Tonic lias the highest in-
dorsements. G. LEDERER, ill Stockton st.
NEW method massage, electric treatment;
heated room. MRS. JOHNSTON. f.14 Geary.
PRACTICAL hypnotism and suggestive thera-
peutlcs taught; diseases and habits cured.
4"2\» Geary St.
1000 CARDS. $1 SO; 1000 bill heads. $1 90: 1000
statements. $1 90: 1000 letter heads. $2 50: 1000
envelopes, $1 90: printed first class: < rders of
$6 sent free. BROWN & BLEY CO., print-
ers and photo-engravers, 19 to 27 Stevenson.
DR. CONDOR Y*S
Klondike condensed food capsules. Price,
100 capsules $10, 1000 capsules $90. Address
PR. V. COVDORY.
989 Howard st.
PROF. J. GREVEN win Introduce three more
talent to the public in their own concert at
Y. M. C. A. Hall, on January 26. 1898. Mln
M. De Chent. dramatic soprano: Miss I.
Brown, mezzo soprano, and MR. M. AL-
BERT, high lyric tenor. •
BIG outdoor sterecpticon show every night cor-
ner Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic advertise-
ments in living light: promoters of business.
Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
House. 44 Third st., nr. Market: 200 rooms,
2.'c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry-
MISS ANDERSON, graduate. Swedish nurse;
baths: genuine massage; Swedish movement;
ladies, gents. 906 Market st., room 25, 2d floor.
ADVICE free: divorce laws specialty: pilvste;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, att-at-l.iw. «0 Market, cor Stockton.
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made In
Pan Francisco at Eastern prices. WALTER
N. BRUNT. t3f, Clay at.. 3. F.
SUIT to order en easy Installments. L.
" LKMOS. 1117 Market *t.. bet. 7th and Sth
$14— Suit to order:, samples; try one. NEU-
HAUS & CO.. tailors. 115 Krirny St.
CLOAKS and tailor-msde suits retailed st
wholesale figures. M Pansome st.
SUPERFLUOUS hairs removed by electrolysis.
VT'S TIP WVT fIH T*«i«h
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ARRIVEP' ARRIVED! ARRIVED!
TRANCE MEDIUM AND CLAIRVOYANT.
DX. REEDE.
HE TELLS F.-V-E-R-Y-T-H-I-N-O.
He gives full names, dates, facts and fig-
ures. Dr. Reede wishes It distinctly under-
stood that he will accept no fee unless you
find him
SUPERIOR TO ANY MEDIUM or Clair-
voyant In San Francisco. When In doubt or
trouble of any kind see this gifted man. and
he will set you right. He has helped others.
He will help you. He doesn't want your
money if he can't benefit you. ■
Private parlors. 236 Sutter St., near Kear-
ny: room 1.
Office hours from 9 a. m. to 6p. m. Run-
days to 2 p. m.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished
trance clairvoyant and medium: while en-
tranced she will reveal every hidden mystery
In life; she will show you how to overcome
your enemies, remove family troubles, restore
lost affections: unites the separated, recov-
ers lost, stolen or burled property: locates
treasures, minerals: tells your entire life,
past, present and future, while In a perfect
trance. Hours 1 11 a. m. to 5 p. m. : perfect
satisfaction guaranteed by mail. Send stamu
f< r circular with special terms. MRS. DR. F.
CLARK, rrr». 2,". A M. 1206 Market, opp. 6th.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader, born double veil and second sight:
diagnosis disease: full life readlne: In.. RCo;
•gents. $1; palm. A- cialrv.: sit $1 SO. 126 Turk.
MME. T.K NORMANDB, clairvoyant, card
render: magnetic treatment; hours, 10 to 9.
401 Leavenworth st.
Torn future told by cards; ladles. 10c; gents.
2.V;. 1037H Folsnm st. .... ■■■.:
MME. MOREAIT. test medium. clairvoyant,
card-reader; Be Up. 73 Fourth St.. upstairs.
CONSULT the lucky medium and clairvoyant;
fee. 2r.c. 41 Minna St.. liasement.
MISS LOLA M. STEVENS, card-reading and
magnet treatment S9E Mason. Fiilte 1-2.
DR. ALICE FAY. medium and genuine mag-
netic he<»ler. 12S Seventh St.. second floor.
MWE MAnEL HALL, card r»ader, has located
at 1104 Mission St., 'room 10. -
RAY FAIR — Card reader: magnetic healing a
specialty. 223 Post St.. room 2.
MISS MELVILLE, creat clairvoyant and
water rcafier. 521 1 4 Mission st . opp. Mint.
MME. HANSEN. palmist, card-writer: pnst.
present and future: Be 14S Sixth, room 5.
MME. LINDEN, card reader und magr.etist.
has returned; charms. 126 Fourth St.. room 23.
MME. ZTXKr.T. \ the business medium and
astrologer. Room 12. 100 Grant aye.
MRP. PR. ANNA THOMAS— First In her pro-
f«>«sirn: never falls: novice: help. 925» Port
MIPS EDNA V. GRANT, mind reader and
palmist. 131 Taylor St.. room 3.
MME. RAVENA rends life fluently: business
n*v!<-«- m-T'M riven: 2V- 110. 5 Fmirth st.
SriR.TCAL.IS3I.
MRS.~FAIRnANKS. claTrvoyantT~clr?~TuesT
and Fri. eve : We', readings dally; 25 and
f,O cts. WS Sixth st.
MRS. MANDENA. medium and palmist: read-
Ings 2r,c this week: satlßf.ietlon gar'td. 25 Pth.
A. M FRANCIS. Independent slate-writer: de-
veloping circle Wednesday eve. 119 Halpht st.
MRS. MAYO STEERS. 112S Oak; circles
Tues. 8 p.m.. Thurs. 2 p.m.: 25c: readings $1.
MRS HOPKINS, ritual medium: circle
Tues.. 8 p. m.. 25c: readings, $1. 214 Franklin.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, spiritual medium, for
MEDICAL.
A PROCESS that Is perfectly harmless: never
falls In any case of monthly sickness, no
matter what cause: no electricity humbug
Or other dangerous methods: money tn every
case refunded If a cure Is not effected;
travelers helped Immediately; years' experi-
ence home In confinement with sanitarian
conveniences. Consult free the only reliable
phvFlclans. DR. AND MRS. PAVIEP. 14 Mc-
Allister st., next Hibemla bank; hours, 9
a. m. to 5 and 7 to 8 p. m.
ALL monthly irregularities or other conditions
from whatever cause restored at once: safe
find sur»* at any time; kind sympathy and
aid: Instant relief for travelers: tumors re-
moved by electricity; home l/i confinement:
b<-«t cur* and privacy: for guaranteed relief
consult the doctor, Cmc, before going else-
where: regulstlnir pills and capsules. $1
MRS. PR TETH. 11l Post «t . near Larkln.
ALL of l>r Foulefs capsules are guaranteed
nl-rolute cure for all female diseases: posi-
tively safe and sure: no danger or after ef-
fects: taken In time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box. sent free by
mall on receipt of price: consultation on all
Frecldi d>enses free. WALLER BROS.. 33
Grant aye.. S. F. A caution— Before pnr-
clisslntr elsewhere, write us.
A PROCESS that never fails to restore every
case of monthly sickness from whatever
cause In few hours when medicines and others
hav<? failed; no Instruments used: many
years' experience; every case guaranteed: nd-
vino free: terms reasonable; first-^iTss pri-
vate *><->me fT confinement. MRS. PR
DALEY. mt Market St.. over Owl Drugstore.
SURE cure. wh-»n others fall: no medicine or
Instruments; every woman her own physi-
cian for al! femaf*? troubles, no matter from
vrhnt ' -i ■-■ ■•: restore In 1 day; never falls; con-
sultation free; can be sent and used at home.
DR. POPPER. SI? Ken mv Orders by tele.
A TREATMENT that "restores Instantly all
cases ft monthly Irregularities: cure at
office. $": capsules, $2 SO: hours 10 to 5 PR
and MRS. KOHL. Ill* Market st. .
A IiOON to wlv^s and mothers— Ser*.iro; prl^»
n 60. RICHARDS & CO.. 4«6 Clay st.: send
?c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
fncturing Co.. K3l X St.. Sacramento. Cal.
DRS. GOODWIN, diseases of women; ladles-
safe, quick cure guaranteed: any ailment-
maternity home: best care: skill" only: low
fees; Dr. Schuck's self-cure. $5. 401 Van Ness.
ALPEAtT'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
f ei:i.\ «i tr-'.h>H: no danger: safe «-ur-- 12 50-
express C. O. P.; don't delay until no Inte.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agenis. Oakland. Oil.
STERILITY cured by Mrs. Dr. Sattler. gradu-
ate midwife, 1709 Powell Ft.; tei. Red 2641.
DR. HALL. 14 McAllister st.. near Jones—
Diseases of women and children.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetr: Infallible safe reme-
dies; 3S years experience. :"4'-_. Fourth at.
HOME In confinement: diseases of women"
MRS. DR. FI7NKE. 1416 Sth st.. Alameda. "
DRS. K. & K. cure, chronic, nervous, blood,
skin or private diseases. 8 ?.fason at.; S. F.
SIR LAPKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Prescriptions and want ads taken.
PHY9ICIAKS.
DR. C C. OPOXXELL office and residence.
1208- Market: diseases of women a specialty.
CITY .'.EAL ESTATE.
JOHN PFURR, removed to 403 Pine Bt., opp.
che Nevada Bank building.
; $<*250— An elegant 3-story modern built fiat
I house of 7 and S room tiats, opposite the Park
Panhandle; lot 25x100; rent low, $65; a bargain.
: $10,000— Ninth st.. near MUs<on; 2-atory and
basement; lot 25x75.
Only 2 left oi 2-story and basement double
flats of 5 and 6 rooms each; near Sixth and
Bryant sts.; rentir.K at $25; for sale at $2400
each; the biggest bargain out.
; $15.500— Fine McAllister-st. property: rent
: $130: 2 stores below: 2 rUts ur'stairs and large
lot: best business portion of the street.
I $4000— Howard st.. near Second; lot 25x55; old
, Improvements; rent $37.
$15.000 — Downtown business property: rent
$170; 2 stores below and lodgings upstairs.
For Sale— At a reduction to $2.v." from $350 it.
splendid corner, 24th and Noe sts. ; 10J feet on
24th st. by 27 feet on Noe: 24th st. bituminiied.
$5500— Rent $5f,; fine double flat of 6 and 7
rooms, near Stelner and Pine sts. ; first-rate mi-
i vestment.
At a reduction to fy.>:,r, f r ,,m $r.;,nn, rent $60,
: 4 flats of 4 and ij rooms; lot 23x125 feet to rear
: street; on (Jt-;iry st.. near IX-visadero.
At a reduction to $6150. rent $17; a business
property; fine 3-stnry house on Geary st..
! one block from Fillmore: store and rooms be-
low and two separate flats upstairs; paying
over 9 per cent.
$25,500 will buy an elesrant business corner,
paying good rent, and is sure to improve to
$,-".<■:".
Reduced to $8500 from $12,500— Howard St..
near 6th; 2 2-stiry and basement houses of g
rooms and bath each; lot 37:6x57:6; rent $60
$5000— Fronting on the Panhandle Park:
lovely house of 6 rooms and bath; lot 25x100.
Only a few days more and the chance to buy
that fine property of DO feet on Guerrero st. by
225 feet back to 2d aye. and 200 feet on 2d aye.,
between 15th ami l-.th Ms., with the 12 ele-
gant flats and factory will be withdrawn.
Reduced to $40u0 from $5000; 2-story and base-
ment brick house on a principal street 4 blocks
from Market St.: 2..X50; rent $35.
$1100— Cot ta«e on the Potrero and lot 25x100:
on installments very cheap.
At $1000— Lot 24x10") feet, on 17th street, a few
doors west from Folsom street, with a stable
I'NIMPK' IVEX>.
$1600— Pine St.. near 1.y..:i; lit 30:5x57:6;
ready for building: good :-urruun<ling.
Not >t.. near Thirtieth, 3"x112.
$3100 — Fine corner lot on Fillmore.
JSitO — No»? st.. near Thirtieth: lot 3rs:fix7s.
BTOP paving rent. Hegin the new year right.
Remember the difference between payln?
rent and owning your own home Is worthy of
ft great strurgle.
Two cottages of 7 rooms, bath. large pantrr
plenty of closet room, sink tile, l .. fine high
basement, all floored, brlrk foundation, cerrent
sl.ie and garden wnlks. stylish front, all mod-
ern Improvements up to date; must be seen to
be appreciate.!: JSOOO; terms to suit purrhaser.
Apply on premises, corner Portland aye. and
Mission st.. to J. M. rfIMEUFORri. from 1 to
3:"W p. m.; take Minslon-st. cars to Cortland ay.
JI'ST 3Ompl«t«d: Cthlc residence %St month-
ly Installment: Is worth seeing, r.4* Sanchez,
near Mission High School. Apply H. R
BCHMUCKBRT. ITOfl San .lose aye.
SIX-room house: new; easy terms; Mission;
swap port payment for vacant lot. HA BIN.
♦11 Kearny.
JC.o WILL build 4-room cottage complete-
will call CEO. M. SALPBt'RY. builder. s*i
X St.. Pur.sot District.
BILSICAL. INSTRUMENTS.
ANY person bavins use for a piano need not
do without when good Instruments can be
purchased from us at cash prices upon
monthly payments of $3. $4. $:., $6. $7. $S. $y,
$10: handsome scarf and wood peat stool In-
cluded ;no charge for cartage. Purcahse your
medium and low price pianos where they can
be exchanged for a Stelnway without sacri-
fice. SHERMAN. CLAY &■ CO.. Stelnway
Dealers, cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
: 26, 28 and* 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical Instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
CONOVER, slightly used, $r.O.
Stelnway. slightly used. $27?;.
Chlckerlng. second band, $190.
Large stork, lowest prices, rent. Installments.
The F. W. SPENCER CO., 533 Market st.
PIANOS at cut prices: Improve th» opportu-
nity: agency famous Halnes Bros.. Rush *
Gerts and'Bollerman. WM. C. HAMILTON.
successor to A. L. Bancroft & Co.. 221 Post.
READY Monday— Rayon * Ba^on. $S0; Ma-
tbushek. $143: Weber. $147: Vose & Sons.
$17": fine condition: $'■ tier month. BENJ.
CURTAZ £- SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
BARGAINS to-dny— A small English unrlght.
$"0: Decker *• Son, medium size. $175; Decker
&• Son. large size. $230; new Decker & Bon.
all styles at bargains.
AT GARDNER .v GLASSELL'S. 20$ Post St..
you will find a large and varied stock of
pianos; prices and terms as reasonable a3
any house In the city.
FINE Stelnwav to-day at half cst. THE J
DEWING CO.. second floor. Flood build-
ing. Fourth and Market sts.
BOH M ERA Co., Byron Maury. Newby. Evans.
P.rlers and other pianos: see our rent plan'
\no Interest first year. 308. 310. 312 Post.
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale-Must sell pianos at
immense reduction for cash or on install-
ments. EATON ESTATE. 735 Market st.
SACRIFICED — Elegant uprlirht piano; must
sell. 230 Kearny St.. room 26.
SMALLEST nd. lowest~price. Heine. 138 Ellis.
BARGAIN— upright cheap. SCHMITZ. 18
McAllister st.. near Hlberrla "Bank.
HORXUNG'S new style pianos: most perfect,
brilliant, powerful tone. 216 Post St.
KINGSBURY (1897 modeH is the piano you
want. J. HARRY SCOTT. .'?<; Hayes st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MU.LLER. mailer. repairer. 2 Latham place.
KNABE pianos; new scale: new styles.
KOHT.FR *; CHASE. 30 O'Farretl st.
CITFA^PFST and best In America— The Weekly
Cnll Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50. postage
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines. Id hand machinery! ilc-
IXTOSH & WOLPMAN. 137 Reale st.
, FINE DIAMOND collar "button; price $45;
worth IM, UNCLE HArC.IS. 15 Grant aye.
CHEAP: hand laundry doing a good business
Apply 109 Hayes st.
FRESH cow. Apply 1402 Valencia st.
TWO 120 Incubators and 5 brooders. $30. 2709
Larkin st.
FOUR beautiful English pug d 0.73 for sale:
young; all male. 630U Minna st.
FRESH milch cow, with calf. Apply 1755 Ala-
bama st.
TEN GALLON KEC, AT CAR LOAD PRICE.
Choice Bourbon whisky. 86 proof, $16 10; Mo-
Brayer whisky, 100 proof. 5 years old. $22-
Al Jamacla rum. $1C S3: extra quality port,
sherry, angelica, muscatel or Rhine wine. 2
rear* old, M 50: 4 years. $7 r.O; real 6 year.
$S SO; genuine crape brandy, l«l proof. 3 year
$?2: 5 year. $24 10; Zlnfandel claret. $4 35-
Burgundy claret. $5 2': no charge for cooper-
age or drayage; it pays to buy for cash.
Standard Liquor Co., 62S Market st.. S. F.
FOR sale or exchange; S2O acres or land In
Michigan for lodging-house or other prop-
erty. Address or call 602 Buchanan st.
2 LARGE dogs, trained for hauling, for
Alaska. Call O. c. THORELL. Sixth aye.
between I and J sts.. South Pan Francisco, j
SAFES— New and second hand: cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Fac. 533 Sacramento.
SC^O ORANGE boxes (in sbonks>; 800 pickle
kees; inn cash boxes. Apply E. A BUSH-
ELL, 12;,:, Broadway, Oakland.
ENGINE, boiler, dynamo, motor, belts and
pump. 11. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building .material. 1122-36 Mission St.
£000 PAIR shoe lasts; also dealer In second-
hand tools, machinery, etc. ; mall orders
promptly attended to. 646 Mission st.
OLD buildings boucbt r.nd removed at short
notice. Apply Old Bay District Trn^k build-
ings or 62PA Ellis. ,T B. FRENCH.
GAS stoves for heating, one-half price; 1 and
2 bowl barber wnshstands, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT. «23 Golden Gate aye. ; ,
SOME new and second-hand Sterling wheels-
bargains. NICHOLS * CO.. 404 Battery st.
— Bargains In new and second-hand: all
sizes; half original cost. 100-111 Market. S. F.
OR A PHOPHOXFR. »10; Records, J.i per do 7 ■
Pmjectoscope. $100. Baclgalupi. !>33-946 Mrkt
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store r.nd
office furniture and fixtures: new and sec-
ond-hand, J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St.. above Sixth.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc..
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near SeTenth.
FOR SALE— second-hand fireproof safe
at 42 Main st.
SECOND-HAND dynamos, gasoline and steam
engines, boilers, • puiievs. sha'ttnsr. laundry
machinery, etc. SMITH CO . 527 Mission st.
'' SEWIXG MACHINES. :''<
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth st. phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds . bought sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing: lowest rates 20. Fourth St.
ATTORNEYS AT LAV.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
- no fee without success; collections. O. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market at.
COUXTRY HEAL ESTATES.
SWEENY RANChT~*~~~ . ■ ■
NEAR REDWOOD CITY, SAN MATEO
COUNTY.
We will subdivide the celebrated ranch of
the late Miles D. Sweony In tracts of 100 acres
or le«n; rich poll for fruit, grain and vege-
tables: plenty of water; this property imme-
diately adjoins Redwood City and is only one
hour's ride from San Francisco: suitable for
small home farms; prices below all former
quotations and unon unusually easy terms.
For particulars cull or address
EASTON. KLDRIDGE & CO..
63S Market st.. San Francisco.
I Or our branch office at Redwood City.
A GREAT BARGAIN— Two large lots in the
beautiful and pleasant town of Cloverdale.
Sonoma County; good building, with 2
blacksmith forges, wagonmaker's shop, tools
End stock; worth $1000: warehouse dwelling,
old stand doing a business of $5000 per an-
num: going to Klondike: must sell: price
$1500: half cash, balance mortgage. SHORES
& SNOW. 330 Pine st.
ANY one wanting a small ranch, for erasing
purposes, or a moderate sized orchard, part-
ly improved, payable on . very easy terms,
apply to room 703. Clans Spreckels building.
LITTLE homes close to town; improved: easy
terms; also 4 to 12 acre pieces on 8 and 10
years' credit. D. H. TWING. Sonoma City;
every Monday at 632 Market st., S. F.
MONEY to lonn on country real estate. In bay
counties. BOODY & SLAVEN. Real Estate
Dealers, room 29. second floor Mills building.
: 1000 ACRES of coal land In one b<vlv for sale.
For particulars apply to NEIL MUNUO. Russ
House. 141 Montgomery St.. S. F.. Cal.
BOOK and ll«t of cheap land free. M. M.
GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta County. Cal.
CHEAPFST and best In America— The Weekly
| Call. Sent to any address in the United
; States or Canada one year for $1 50. postage
' free. », •:,
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATES.
BARGAINS IN ALAMEITA HOMES.
FINE two-story house en Broadway: lot BOx
HO: price $2400. Neat two-story house on
nuena Vista aye.: lot x l.-> 0: price $1400.
Five-room cottage on Buena Vista aye.: lot
w>xlO2: price $1600. Large 9-room cottage with
basement, on Taylor aye.: lot 60x140; price
We.
Two new 5-rr>om cottages on Taylor nve.: lot
33x100: price $1000. New R-room cottage on
Santa Clara avo.; Jot 3.1x110; price *2«:.0. For
Investment— A fine corner, fronttnir 115 feet on
a business street, with 4 stores rented: will
sell for $7500: worth $14,000: half purchase
price may remain on property. Several other
bartra'n*. Call at 1503 Webster st.. Alameda,
np*t t-> drugstore. A. R. DENKE Sr.
PHOPERT.Y TO FXC»»ANGr.
CORNER. 100x137 ?6T~* "buildingsTTn " San
Jose, for city, Oakland or ranch prop-
erty $3,500
100 other Places, all prices. What have you
to offer? H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
GOOD-RENTING Oakland property to ex-
chnnre for ranches. F.DSON & TURTON
1209 Broadway. Oakland.
MONEY TO I.OAJT. ~™
ANY mount at 6*4 per cent on real estate; 2d
& 3d mortgages, estates, undivided Interests,
real estate in probate, life Insurance, goods in
warehouse, furniture and pianos without re-
moval: mortsraires and legacies boucht; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
LOANS on furniture or ninn •>* in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda. at lowest rates, without
removal: no commissions; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 9« Market st. : tel. Green 204.
WE loan on real estate .it 6 and fiH per cent:
also on second morteages: life insurance and
real estate in probate: nny sum. Manhattan
Loan Co.. r. in (ground floor). Mills building.
ON furniture and pianos without removal: m
commission; lowest Interest; part payments
received: money quick and confidential. 1170
Market St.. room RS.
JI.WV) 000 TO loan on diamonds: low Interest:
perfect <i«rrpov; r-rivnte entrance: gentle-
manly assistants. TTncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
G<"» to a regular licensed n->nnbrr>ker at 1
Fourth *t.. ur<=t->'rs: strlrMv private: low
rates: tot. Red 1121: established 1569.
ON fm-niture. pianos: city or Oakland: no re-
moval: low rates: no commission.: $2." up;
private party. BONTIJ.T. 402 Geary st.
ANT sum. Ist or 2d mort*«.fres. estates in pro-
bate, etc. Room 7. SCR California st.
%-n TO J.-0.000: lowest rates: Ist pnd 2d mortg.:
any proposition. Drydon. 413 Montgomery.
CITY md country: any putt i«t and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. " MTTTtPHY. «2* MVt st.
On nfnnoß. furniture: no removal: lowest
rates; no com.: private. 11" McAllister st.
10 PTXTT*— Most, reliable n!ace to borrow
money: diamonds nnd lewelrv. »
IHOXEY WAITED.
: tSWV) WANTED— Income nrnnerti- In Pun Jose;
rwv 10 rwr cent. DFCKFR. i"j»o Market st.
FINANCIAIi. ~
J. BOAR. 330 Montgomery st.— Loans on life
Insurance policies and buys bnnk books.
LOANS on r««n1 eatnte. bond". ' etc • lowest
rntM. M'vAFFE TfROB.. ir« Mnnt<*nmer-v «t.
DENTISTS.
FULL set of teeth. $3: painless extraction:
cur combination plate, thin as paper: war-
ranted M years: teeth without plates; crown
and bridge work our specialty; teeth Im-
planted or transplanted: fillings 50c. crowns
$3 SO: all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
VAN VROOM electro-dental parlors; . painless
dentistry: no shock: painless extraction a
positive fact; full set of teeth. $5 up; silver
filings, 25c up: gold crowns, $3 50 up: your
t*-eth put in without a plate: open evenings.
"7 Market Bt., cor. Sixth; 'Phone Jessie 635.
NEW YORK Dentl«ts— Painless extraction, B0c;
plates, $5: gold filling. 75c up; silver, He up;
plates mended. $1 up: special Inducements
to Klondlkers: open evenings and Sundays.
9*3 Mission St.. cor. Sixth.
PR. UTDLCM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. 11th: no
charge for extracting when plates are made:
M plates made over like new: teeth from $j
per set: extracting Bo: gas given.
DR. OKOROB W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
Ist. discoverer of . painless extraction and
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
$6— m.L set of teeth: best make: kept In
repair; extracting free: fillings. KOc: crowns
li CO Pacific Dental Parlors. IS Third st.
ALLEN GRIFFITHS, dentist, has resumed
practice. 44 Donohoe bldg, Market & Taylor.
L. A. TEAGUE. A. CANE and F. TEAGUE.
removed to Call Udg., 6th. floor, nns. 603-607.
W. C. HARDING. M. P.. 800 Putter St.. cor.
1 Powell; M. Main 5375; painless extraction.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
COT.TOY P>rtPl .\-sori»ttr,r,. $08 Market st~
PR. CHARLES W. DECKER. j
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be
handed in at either of the publication offices
ana be Indorsed with th" name and residence
of persona authorised to have the same pub-
lished.
P.ORX.
BOWEN— In this city. January 30, 1898, to the
wife of John B. Bovren. a son.
ELLENA— Near Grangeville. January 21, IS9B.
to the wife of John Ell<'na, a daughter.
FRINK— In Lemoore. January 23, 1898. to the
wife of a. L. Frlnk a son.
LESLIE— In Lemoore, January 23. 1898, to the i
wife of William Leslie, a daughter.
McCORRV— Near Merced. January 24. 1898 to
the wife of W. J. McCorrv. a son.
McGINNIS— In Hanford. January 23, IS9S to
the wife of B. B. McGlnnl*. a daughter.
MEADOWS— Near Grangeville, January 24
IS9B. to the wife of George Meadows, a
daughter.
PERIDA— In Lemoore. January 21, IS9B, to '
the wife of P. Perlda. a son.
MARRIED.
BAKER— STAPP— In SusanvlUe. January 25
MB, by Judge Kelley, S. S. Baker and 'Mrs!
Stapp. both of Bleber.
KIRK MAX— Near Yokohl. January 19
U9S. by the Rev. I. D. Wood. Charles Kirk-
man of Lindsay and Mary Jobe of Exeter
NEEDHAM— PETERS— In this city. -January
28, UN, by the Rev. J. Fu-ndeling. John T
Need hum an.l Kate Peters.
NIGGEMEYER— DAVEGGIO— In this city
January 2". IS9B, by the Rev. J. Fuendellng'
John Nlggemeyer and Amelia Davegtrlo
NELSON— McGEE— In Yreka. January 26
1898. by the Rev. R. E. Wenk. Frank Nell
eon and Ida Minnie McGee, t>oth of Gazelle
SMITH— ALDRIDGE— In Lemoore, January
25. IS9B. by the Rev. Mr. Macoa. Arthur
Smith and Ettle Aldrldge. both of Lemoore.
TREFZ— HILT— In this city. January 30, UN
by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Paul Trefz and
Anna Hilt.
MILLER— In Modesto. January 26,
1898. by the Rev. J. H. X. Williams. Wil-
liam George Ward and Sophie G. Miller,
both of La Grange.
DIED.
Blgelow. J. Edwards Harrmann. Henry
Reiss. Ethel Hope, A Iti.- E
Beeherer, Charles Harrison. Mary A.
Brandt, Adolph A. Hi~gins. Elisha
Bellinger. Christian Harrington, Julia
Blsbee, Mrs. Emma Jensen, Vattie M.
Bailey, Mrs. Charles Ji'-.ca, Ann P.
Brake. J. L. D. Lee. Antonio
Campodonico, Stefano Pennlngton, Levl
1 loan*, Lucy J. Ruge. Anna M.
Delaney. William Schmitz. Lizzie
Egners, Henry Switzer, Ann
Fowzer, Stonewall J. Schumann, Carl
Fitzgerald, William Spatz, Mrs. Asrnes
Golden, Catherine Willey, Charles W.
BEISS— In this city, January SO. IS9S. Ethel,
beloved daughter of i>. L. and Mary Uelss,
a native of Chicago, 111., aged 7 years 6
months and 10 days.
BIGELOW— In this city, January 29. IS9S. J.
Edwards, son ot Clara J. and the late J. E.
Blgelow, and brother of the late Frances N.
Blgelow, a native of San Francisco, aged 27
years 1 month and 10 d;n\s.
IC?" The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his lat.- r si-
■ dence, 621 Guerrero street. Interment pri-
vate.
BECHERER-In this city, January 30, 1898,
Charles Becherer, a native of Germany, aged
M >ears.
ILL?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, February 2. at 2 o'clock, from the par-
km of Charles .1. 13. Metzler. 63« Washing-
ton street, where the services will be held
under the auspices of Gambrlnus Verein.
BRANDT— In this city, January 30. IS9S,
Adolph J.,* dearly beloved husband of Anna
A. Brandt, father of Mrs. A. Bleleck. Wil-
liam J., H. L. and Tillle Detjrn. and
bother of Mrs. C. Kakmann, a native of
Hanover, Germany, aged 50 years 11 months
and 8 days.
BOLLINGER— At Sanitarium, near San Jose,
January 26, IS9S, Christian Bollinger, a na-
tive of Missouri, aged S2 years 10 months
and 18 days.
I'.ISHRE— In Yreka, January 25. 1595. Mrs.
Emma, wife of William Blsbee. a native of
Alsace, Germany, aged 39 years and 26
days.
BAILEY— Near Poplar, Cal., January 19, IS9B,
Mrs. Charles Bailey, aged 60 years.
BRAKE— Near Fairfleld. Cal., January 25.
ISM, J. L. D. Brake, brother of Mrs. H. E.
Finney, a native ..f Missouri, aged 43 year*
M numths and 3 days.
CAMIMDoNIco— In this city. January 29, 1898.
Stefano, dearly beloved husband of Mrs.
Teresa Compodonico, and father of Joseph
M., K.it>-. Helen, Eda and Josephine Cam-
podonlco, a native of Italy, aged 54 years 1
month and 3 days.
Cs"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, ISl7'« Powell street, thence to Sts.
Peter and Paul (Italian) Church, where a
solemn requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
(russ Cemetery.
DELANEY— In Lorii). January 30. 1898, Wil-
liam, beloved husband of Bridget Delaney,
and father of John T. and Annie Delaney, a
native of Queens County, Ireland, aged 75
years.
IC?" Funeral to-morrow (Tuesday), at 9:30
o'clock, from his late residence, on Todd
street. Lorin. thence to Sacred Heart Church,
where solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repnse of his soul. Interment
St. Mary's Cemetery, -Oakland.
DOANK— In this city, January 28, 1898. Lucy
Jane, widow of the late General Charles
Doane, and beloved mother of Mrs. F. A.
Harnden and the Rev. F. A. Doane, aged 70
years 10 months and 23 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-mi.rr..w
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 192 Hawthorne street, corner of
Harrison. Interment Laurel lli'.l (ornetery.
EGGERS— In this city, January 30. IS9S, Henry
Eggers, an native of Germany, aged 43
\ears.
FOWZKR— In this city. January 23, 1898,
Stonewall J. Fowzcr, a native of San Fran-
claco, aged 34 years and 7 months.
FlTZisEßAL.il— There will be an anniversary
re(julem hlph n:i>ss for the repose of the soul
of tho late William Fitzprerald at St. Joseph's
Church, Tenth street, this day (Monday),
at I o'clock. -Friends are Invited to attend.
GOLDEN— In this city, January 29. ISSS. Cath-
erine, beloved wife of Thomas Golden, and
mother of the lato U ■ .Mother Mary
Thomas, O. S. D., John, William, Thomas H..
Syhillne and C-enevieve Golden, Mrs. C. A.
Macomber, Mrs. A. D. Jenny. Mrs. T. J.
Golden :ind Mrs. J. J. Greely, a native of
Ireland. aXed 75 years. (New York, Oranpe,
N. J . Savannah, Ga., and Nashville, Term.,
papers oop?. '
(CTThc funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock. from her late
residence, 414 Bddy street, thence to St.
Cathedral, where a requiem mass
will be celf-brated for the repose of her soul,
at 10 o'clock. Interment private. Omit Bow-
en,
HARTMANN— In Alameda. January 30. 1898.
Her«y, beloved son of Elizabeth and . the
latc*C. Hartmann, and brother of Mrs. E.
L. Jungbluth and Charles H:irttnann, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 29 years 9
months and 9 days.
IT7"FrienrU and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his sister, Mrs. E. L. Jungbluth. 1231
Florida street, between Twenty-fourth and
Twenty-fifth. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
HOPE— In Oakland, January 30, 1898, Alfle E.,
beloved daughter of J. «'. and the - late
Frances P. Hope, and sister of Effie M..
William E. and Bertie D. Hone, a native of
California,- aged 21 years 2 months and 26
flays.
E?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from residence.
Santa Rosa avenue, Vernon Heights, Oak-
land.
HARRISON— In this city. January 30. 1893.
Mary Ann, beloved wife of George H. Harri-
son, and mother of Mrs. Fannie Sandgrebe
and Georgie Harrison, a native of Cork, Ire-
land, aged 48 years.
C Notice of funeral hereafter.
HIGGINS— In Oakland, January 29, IS9S,
Elisha Hlgglns, a native of Wellfleet,. Mass.,
aged 78 years 3 months and 23 days.
(E?"FriendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from First M. E.
Church, corner Fourteenth and Clay streets.
Oakland. Interment private, in Mountain
View Cemetery.
HARRINGTON— In this city. January 29. 1898,
Julia, beloved wife of the late John Har-
rington, mother of John J., Annie and Wil-
liam Foley. and sister of Catherine Daly,
Johanna Maeulre i.nd the late David Daly,
a native of the parish of Kllbritton. County
Cork. Ireland, aged 73 years.
[CTFriend« and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), nt 8.30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 37 Clarence place, off Townsend street.
between Second and Third, thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
Will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
JENSEN— In this city. January 29, IS3B, Mat-
tie M., beloved sister of Martin Jensen, a
native of Ribe, Denmark, aged 24 years.
E7Frtenda are. respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Monday), at 1
o'clock, from the residence of N. Jessen, 1033
Sutter street, corner of Larkln. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
JONES— In this city. January 29. 1898. Ann
Partridge, wife of Evan E. Jon>?s. and mother
of John P.. Fred L., Benj. F. Jones and Mrs.
A. L. Gtlfeathor. a native of Newport. Mon-
" mouthshire, Wales, aged 66 years 4 months
and 12 days.
■ (CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), nt 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence,' 213 Second avenue. Richmond Dis-
trict. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LEE— In Alvarado, Alameda County. Cal.,
January 20, IS9B. Antonio, beloved husband of
Maria Lee., and father of Lenora. Antonio
■ A. and Willie' Lee. a native of Portugal, aged
.E5 ye,nrs and. 9 months.
" Friend* 'and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day 4
.(Monday), at It o'clock, from his late resi-
(lehce.
! PKXN'TNGTOX-Near Tulare Lake, January
23, 1898, Levl Pennlngton, a native of Ken-
; tncky, aped 74 years.
Rt'GE— ln this city. January 30. IS9B, Anna
M.. beloved and only daughter of George and
Anna E. Rw?e, and sister of George and
Henry Ruge, a native of . San Francisco,
aged 10 years and 5 months.
SCI •MIT/.— ln this city, January 29. IS9B, Liz-
zie, beloved wife of William Schmltz, and
mother of, Anton, Minnie, Joseph. Ludwiß.
Marl? and Charles Schmitz. a native of New
York, njjed 46 years 5 months and 10 days.
1 CThe funeral services will take place
this day (Monday), at 1 o'clock, at her late
residence. IS Bartlett street, between Twenty-
first and Twenty-second. Interment I. O.
i O. F. Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
SVITZF;U— In this city. January 30. IS9B. Ann
! Switzer. a native of Ireland, aged 75 years.
(Victoria, B. C, papers please copy).
i tn^"Frlend;» and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
i day. February 2. at 9:30 o'clock, from the
residence of Mr. John B, Mulrhead. 3*4 Lar-
kin street, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral,
Van Ness avenue, where a solemn n»-ul»m
■ mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
SCHUMANN— In Fruitvale. January 30. IS9B,
Carl Schumann, a native of Germany, aged
. fi7 years.
SPATZ— In Alameda. January 30, • 1593, Mrs.
Asrnes Spatz, .aged 61 years.
WILLEY— In this city, January 29. IS9B,
Charles Walter Wllley, a native of Marys-
vllle, Cal., aged 26 years 4 months and 5
days.
(T?"Friend* and .Tvnmintancos are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, at the
parlors of Carew A Wnmlill. »1 Van Ness
avenue, thence to 1. O. O. F. Cemetery for
cremation. 
I'mcAVOy'&'gallagher, V
FUNERAL DIRECT! & KMHALMER3 I
20 FIFTH ST., Opp. Liaeoln School. |
,^-^,— , Telephone. South 80. " I
In. K. m\a voy. Manager! .•• ■ ■ '
McAVOY €«: CO., I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EAIBALMEB3. I
» 1235 Market St.. between Bth and 3th. I
Telephono.' South 247. '■ I
910
THE POUND
SCANDAL IS
SPREADING
Delany Is Under Hot
Fire From the
Society.
Directors Oppose Super
visors' Orders of
Release. •
They Say That Corrupt Favors
Would Bankrupt the
Organization.
ROTTANZI FAVORS OSBORN
Assistant Secretary Wadham Positive
In His Charges Against the
Supervisor.
Th*»re was a great deal of talk In
political circles yesterday over the ac
cupations against Supervisor Delany,
published exclusively in The Call.
"H'hen it became generally known that
Assistant Secretary Wadham of the
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Animals had accused the chairman
of the Health and Police Committee of
peeking to corrupt the society by In
ducing the payment of a bribe of $500
it was the general* sentiment that the
charges were so grave as to demand
investigation without delay.
Mr. Wadham'fl charges are positive,
direct and far reaching. He stands
ready to swear to his statement that
Delany wanted to know where he could
get $500, while Delany says he never
mentioned money in connection with
the subject.
Though Captain Delany firmly denies
the charge, as would be expected
whether guilty or innocent, there Is so
much directness in Mr. Wadham's ac
cusations that the society has decided
to make a stand and demand that the
pound be left where it is — out of poli
tics. It is the opinion of many of the
directors that there should be no recog
nition of orders of release signed by in
dividual Supervisors, and that such or
ders are illegal and void.
The following interviews give a fair
idea of the general opinion of the trus
tees of the society:
X. P. Cole, president— lf the Super
visors look at the question in a broad
and manly way they will let our so
ciety alone, but if they take a narrow,
spiteful and petty view they will put
the pound back into politics, in the dis
graceful way that characterized its
management in the past. I have not a
great deal of faith that we will win
the fight unless the publicity The Call
has given the matter frightens the
board from its purpose. The trouble
is that Mr. Hoi brook has lived up to
the law and refused to notice the illegal
orders of release issued by Supervisors.
There are many of them who have r»-
spnted this course and it is their
purpose to get even by robbing us of
the pound. It will be a shame if any
thing of this kind is done; a scandal to
the city. I know nothing personally of
the $500 matter, but it was before the
trustees.
Director John Partridge — We got
more than rumors <>f Delany's $500
proposition. We got it in a direct way
which puts him on the defensive and is
a disgrace to the city. As to the cus
tom of individual Supervisors issuing
orders of release I will say that I have
taken legal advice and I find that they
are all liable to indictment for violating
the law. I opposed humoring them,
though some of the directors favored
compromising in this matter. If we
wore to heed these requests that every
favorite have his goat, dog, cow or
horse Bet free without cost to the city
It would bankrupt the society. What
right has one Supervisor to issue an or
der that will upset the laws of the city
made by the full board? Can any sane
person advocate that the Supervisors
have a right capable of such monstrous
consequences? All this matter is wholly
unconstitutional and illegal.
Director F. A. Hyde— There has been
a perpetual and disgraceful interfer
ence by the Supervisors. They want to
put the pound in politics again, whir-h
would be a re-enactment of the dis
graceful scenes of the past. Mr. Hol
brook has acted strictly according to
law, refusing to recognize the orders of
individual Supervisors. There Is no
politics in the pound. Vnder the old
system there were many places for
heelers and favorites, 'but our methods
are strictly in accordance with business
principles and there is no room for cor
ruption. It would be a shame to take
the pound out of the hands of the so
ciety in pursuance of a narrow policy
of spite and bitterness.
Samuel Seymour, the nigger In the
wood pile, was seen again last even
ing concerning the statements he is re
ported to have made.
Mr. Seymour absolutely denied hav
ing said anything which could be con
strued Into an admission by him of
having knowledge of any conversation
in which Delany agreed to turn the
pound over to the society for a mone
tary consideration. He did admit,
however, that such a rumor had been
talked over at a meeting of the board
and that, at that time, considerable
comment was caused by the affair.
DELANY IS ANGRY.
Says That Wadham Is Actu
ated by Spite and Fear.
Committeeman Delany was very an
gry last night. He brought a long type
written statement to The Call editorial
rooms, of which the following is the
material part:
The article which appeared In yester
day's Call is the result of my committee's
action in recommending a change in the
administration of pound matters In this
city .
It emanates from a clique In the Society
for th£ Prevention of Cruelty to Animals,
who have Imbibed the nature of some
of the canine beasts with which they
have to deal. Inasmuch as this snarllne
barring and yelping follow so closely ud
on our determined action of Friday
The cur himself who barks out this
complaint is a fitting one in thia kennel
to lead this attack. He is not an assist
ant secretary of the society, his mental
make-up- rits him for no better position
than that of ai» ordinary "dog-catcher "
clothed with the additional title of deputy
poundmaster in deference, perhaps to his
progenitor's good standing in this com
munity, a woeful example of a "degener
ate son of a worthy sire." This Wadham
who makes the statr-ment, has bef-n the
object of numerous complaints submitted
to my committee. His brutal manner in
dealing with the unfortunates whoae ani
mals are taken to this so-called "home"-
We cruelty to animals, and his vicious-
A HOME FOR THE NAVAL RESERVES.
The Old Sloop-of-War Marion Put in Commission and Steamed to
Her Berth.
THERE is a buoy In rotten row at
the Navy Yard stretching its
clammy iron fingers for the fore
chains of the Marion; but the
weather-scarred sloop of war is
safe from its clutches and lies
cradled snugly In a berth at Howard
pier.
Under her own steam, manned by
members of the naval militia only and
flying the Governor's flag at the main
truck, she came down to the city yes
terday and will from now on be the
home of the local divisions of the re
serve.
It is nearly a month since the vessel
was turned over to the State by the
Federal authorities. She had just come
home from a cruise in the Chinese wa
ters, and the intention was to put her
out of commission — to chain her to a
buoy in the stream off the navy yard,
tear out her inner fittings and strip her
masts of spars and rigging, and let her
slowly rot until her seams opened and
she sank onto the mud.
Captain Turner, commander of the
naval militia, the boat-keepers he had
selected and several of his officers went
up to the yard Friday morning to pre
pare the ship for the reception of the
crew which was to take her down to
her berth on the city water front. The
crew went up on the Monticello at 9
o'clock Saturday night, and was at
once told off into watches; then those
not on duty slung their hammocks on
the berthdeck and turned in like old
sailors.
At half past five yesterday morning
the cheering notes of reveille shook the
timbers of the old warship, and the
crew tumbled out to prepare for the re
ception of the Governor and his Btaff
and guests, who were to come up on
ness and maJignity in general have been
the subject of numerous complaints.
I have been outspoken for months in my
denunciation of the conduct of these men,
and have repeatedly condemned thir ac
tions. I could not decently tolerate one
of them, when he would try to explain
matters to me, so prejudiced was I against
the hypocritical set. that the mere sug
gestion that any consideration on their
part would make me favorable to them
Is not even probable. When Wadham or
any of the rest of these mongrels state
that I made any reference, directly or
indirectly, to any financial consideration,
I charge them with being blackmailers,
and before I got through with them I
will succeed in ridding the community of
their obnoxious presence. Specifically. I
deny ever having had a conversation with
this Wadham about pound matters, i-x
cept as to his and his associates" mis
management. They talk of rumors etc
These are all the results of the consterna
tion in their ranks, and if they think
that such statements, printed or other
wise, can deter me from doing my duty
and taking the impounding from the so
ciety, they have mistaken their man
The insinuations of Mr. Holbrook that
he had hints of propositions and that he
was familiar with these stories is con
temptible. He dares not say that I
hinted to him or any influential director
but makes the general statement, backed
up only by a direct statement of one of
his tools— the dog catcher, Wadham I
demand the proofs that Mr. Holbrook and
Mr. Seymour say they have.
Holbrook is dying hard, and In his death
struggles for official pap-sucking he seeks
to drag me down. But I defy them, and
fling back the lies in their teeth.
DR. ROTTANZI'S VIEWS.
He Thinks That Osborn Is
Clearly Entitled to the
Position.
Supervisor Rottanzi, a member of the
Health and Police Committee, stated
yesterday that the article in The Call
on Sunday morning was the first inti
mation that he had that charges had
been preferred against Chairman De
lany.
"I know nothing whatever of the
matters mentioned by Mr. Wadham,"
said Dr. Rottanzi, "and it appears to
me that if Supervisor Delany made any
such talk as he is credited with he
must have done so in a Joke. The cap
tain is inclined to be facetious at times
and I have heard him ask in jest on a
number of occasions how much money
there was to be made out of the grant
ing of privileges.
"As to the merits in the change of
the management of the pound. I have
ideas of my own and voted according
ly. I was of the opinion, and still am,
that Mr. Osborn should have the posi
tion of pound keeper. Those members
of the Society for Prevention of Cru
elty to Animals who urged his removal
admitted that his administration had
been excellent and that the reason they
wanted to get rid of him was that he
ceased turning back into the treasury
his salary of $75 a month. If he con
ducted the pound properly he certain
ly earned that amount, and I cannot
understand why the board should be
forced to do the bidding of the trus
tees. I am for Osborn and shall con
tinue to be so."
For throat, lung troubles. Low'b Hore
hound Cough Syrup; 10c. 417 Sansome bU*
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CAIX, MOXDAY, JAXUARY 31, 1898.
the tug Markham to be present at the
ceremony of putting the ship in com
mission.
The tug bearing the Goverpor and his
guests hove in sight about 11 o'clock,
and at once all hands were called to
quarters to fittingly receive the com
manuer-ln-chief. The marine guard
was drawn up on the deck and eight
side-boys sprang to the gangway
ready to welcome the Executive as he
came over the side. As the Governor
reached the deck four flourishes on the
bugle and four ruffles on the drum
gave boisterous testimony of his pres
ence.
With all the men at quarters, and
while the officers stood in attentive
groups on the afterdeck. Adjutant-
General Barrett read the orders of the
Governor assigning the ship to the
naval militia, and then he handed to
Captain Turner an ord.r to assume
command. This the captain read to th
crew and assembled officers. Then the
executive officer ordered the colors set^
and to the blare of bugles and the roll'
of drums buntings fluttered aloft, while
officers and men faced aft to the na
tional ensign traveling upward to the
gaff.
At once preparations were made to
weigh anchor, and the windlass creaked
and groaned and the men worked lik^
Trojans until the mud -smeared hook
came to the surface. It was badly
fouled in its own chain.
Before the Marion was got under way
Captain Glass of th«» navy-yard came
on board to present the compliments of
Admiral Kirkland to Governor Budd
and to Captain Turner.
The Marlon lay far up the stream,
where the channel is both narrow and
shallow, and the tide was ebbing f->«=t
when she started to turn. There wai
not room enough, and she was b
A BABY KILLED BY A TROLLEY-CAR
Hulda Johnson, a Little Girl Two and a Half Years of Age, Crushed
by a Mission-Street Car.
kmZ £f 1 "^" 4 Jon-street electric car No. 1003 struck and instantly
killed Hulda Johnson, a little girl two years and a half old. as she was
crossing the tracks in front of her h me yesterday afternoon. The child had
™rW«?2f f\ he backyard of her father's house at 947 Mission street
Zr ™~ ♦ after "° cm ' a " d hadn>t been out of the house five minutes when
her Parents Were t told of the accident. Dennis O'Brien, who lives in the
thT«tr t 'TWT W -?e? c Ca n '?? the Uttle glrK He sald that he was com ing up
orosfth! 7 ? i, noticed her run out frOm the sidewalk as if intending to
cross the street. She stopped about five feet from the track when she saw
the car coming and then started across again. O'Brien threw up his hand
and called for her to stop, but she did not hear him The car was about
fifteen feet from the child when she started across The Track There ?s? s a
down grade at the place where the accident occurred and a^the car was go!
ing at its usual speed the grlpman was unable to ston it
The conductor in charge of the car «>« Tii nm , t t j,. ■ '
was James FrankHn Tv,t i,». Thomas Lewis, and the gripman
was James Franklin. The latter was arrested and charged with man
slaughter, but was released on his own recognizance by Chief Lees Fr^nk
in felt very badly over the accident when seen a? the Centr^^ P O ii£ St a"
ticTi last evening, and says that he did all in his power tc^^ll6 gir?s life"
He saw her before she tried to cross the track and tried to stop thf car but
was unable to do so. The body of the child was badfy mangled Lth legs
being broken and very nearly severed '""" the body «na the head crushed
R2R^£sP&g££* ShC --oned y ß^.^tan C trS
down on a mudbank, and there she
stuck for over an h<>ur. She finally
forced her way through It and then it
was a clear run to th" city.
The inconvenience of being hung up
on a mud bank was offset in a great
measure by what had been provided at
the captain's table, and while the en
gines strained and rumbled the Gover
nor and his staff and the officers of the
ship who were not on duty succeeded
in entertaining themselves, while for
ward on the berth deck the crew fol
lowed suit. Most of the time on the
way down was spent in clearing the
anchor of Its chain, and this was finally
dmi".
The Marion arrived at her berth a
little after 6 o'clock, and sho was
docked as gently and as neatly as ever
steamship captain dot ked his vessel.
Her sides were not • yen scratched as
she was run alongside and tied hard
and fast to the wharf. There she will
be an armory, a drillroom and a home
for the naval militia, and Captain Tur
ner ia prepared to carry out the brief
promise he made to the Governor and
to his own officers when she went into
commission— that her record in the fu
ture should throw no discredit on the
name she had made in the past.
With six boat-keepers to keep her
clean and keep her gear in order and
the men of the reserve to wake the
martial echoes of her docks, the old
ship will He peacefully— a better fate
than to be shackled to a buoy and
swing listlessly in the tide while the
sa>t water slowly eats her hull away.
The Governor expressed the greatest
satisfaction at the way in which the
.ship was handled and the interest the
men showed in their new possession.
"This step,' he said, "will prove of
the greatest advantage to the naval
militia, and is in harmony with the
progress already made by this adminis
tration in the reorganization of our
State land and naval forces. Notwith
standing that the four years of the
present Administration will show a sav
ing of upward of $130,000 for support,
encampments and uniforms over the
four years of the preceding administra
tion, the National Guard of California
is to-day in hotter condition than ever
before, a fact conceded by the United
States army and naval authorities.
Now that the Marlon has been trans
ferred to us, the officers and men of the
naval militia will have an opportunity
to master the details of that branch of
the service which they never before
wed, and that they will appreciate
it is already evident from the efficient
manner in which the officers, engineers
and men. under the capable command
of Captain Turner, handled the vessel
to-day, from the time of its leaving the
hands of the United States authorities
at Mnre Island to its arrival at the
dock in Pan Francisco. They have the
sincere thanks of my staff and myself
for the ability shown and the courte
sies extended."
POLICEMAN SAY
TO BE GRILLED
John Adams, a Boiler
maker, Complains
Against Him.
Accuses Him of Conduct Unbe
coming a Member of
the Force.
Falsely Arrested, Punched in the
Ribs and Treated Like
a Dog.
John Adams, a boilermaker living at
614 Howard street, made a formal com
plaint to Captain Spillane yesterday
afternoon against Policeman L. M. Say.
as advised by General Hart, whom he
consulted in the matter, charging the
officer with unbecoming conduct.
Adams was arrested by Say early
Friday morning on a charge of dis
turbing the peace. He was unable to
procure bail and remained in prison till
Saturday when Judge Campbell, after
hearing the case, dismissed it.
Adams' statement is as follows: "I '
was just going to bed, when another
roomer In the house asked me to go I
downstairs to the saluon to have a !
glass of beer. When we got to the !
bottom of the stairs my friend took 1
hold of my coat collar and gave me a
shaking for fun. My hat fell off and j
rolled onto the sidewalk. Say happened
to- be passing at the time, and he gruff
ly told me to go upstairs to bed. I
merely said all right, but he grabbed !
hold of me and dragged me upstairs !
and kept punching me in the ribs with
his closed fist. Say went away and I
was standing on the top of the stairs,
telling Mr. Brown about how Say had
treated me, when Say returned. He
dragged me downstairs as if I had been
a dog, and when I asked him what he
meant he cursed me and said he was
going to lock me up. I asked him upon
what charge, and he told me to shut
up. He took me to the patrol box and
I was sent to the prison on a charge of
disturbing the peace. I still feel the
effects of the punching on the ribs he
gave me. and I will not be able to work
for some days on account of it. "
Adams denies that he ever had any
trouble with Say, in fact, hf> said he
had never spoken to him before. He
made another charge against Say
which he said was the only explanation
he could offer for his conduct, and will
embody It In his complaint.
NEW TO-DAY.
UNDERWEAR
.—AND—
HOSIERY!
Special Offering!
75 dozen Ladies' Ribbed Merino Vests and
Drawers, all sizes—
f&l.OO EACH.
115 dozen Gents' Shetland Wool Vests and
Drawers, extra heavu duality and all cure
wool-
's I*s O EACH.
250 dozen Ladies' Extra Qualitu Full-fashioned
Hose, warranted fast black, all sizes—
$l*sO BOX.
Worth $2.50 box. 6 pairs in a box.
40 dozen Gents' Merino Wool Half Hose, in
both Shetland and black, all sizes—
Extra Special !
200 dozen Children's Ribbed Hose, double
knees and extra length, guaranteed
stainless, sizes 5* to 9*—
Price, 25c Pair.
TELEPHONE QRANT 124.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
Many compete in price —
few in quality.
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
MONDAY-TUESDAY-WEDNESDAY
Coffee — Pasha Blend 30c
regularly 36c lt>
We recommend this coffee to our
most particular customers
Baking Powder — Excelsior
lb 30c
regularly 45c lb 5 lb 1.25
Three out of four of our customers
use no other
Corn Sea Foam i2gC
Succotash Sea Foam 122 C
regularly 15c tin
Both from Maine whence comes the
tenderest corn
Oysters "Our Choice"
i2g and 20c
regularly 15c and 25c tin respec-
tively
They are a near approach to fresh
oysters — natural flavor
Alkethrepta 20c
regularly 25c tin here
Contains the nutrient properties of
chocolate — Has a popular sale
Ginger — Crosse & Blackwell
25c
regularly 35c pot
The great Chinese preserve
Sauterne — Californian $4
regularly Jo dozen quarts
a little sweet— very rich— well liked
Olives — Mammoth 40c
regularly 50c quart
Nobody ever bought bigger olives
for 50c
Malt Whiskey (Wm. Perm)
75 C
regularly $1 a bottle
cures colds
Rock and Rye $i
regularly $1.25 bottle— full quart
German rock candy and pure rye
whiskey,
drives away coughs and colds
Altar Candles 35c
regularly 45c lb pure bees wax
Candlemas Wednesday — a seasona-
ble bargain
30 inches lonsr 1 for 35c
24 inches 2 for 35c
14 inches long 4 for 35c
WA inches 6 for 35c
Finnan Haddies I2oc
regularly 15c lb (boned)
Fresh lot Just arrived
Recipes free— ask for them
___SPECIAL_SAVING SALE.
KLONDIKE FOOD.
Cheap foods should be avoided more
when going where they cannot be ex-
changed for better than at any other
time; apropos of Klondike supplies
We furnish the folks who want goodY
goods Catalogue free . i, ; )
*- TURKEY
* KLONDIKE
The Magnificent Collection of
HEIRUGS
Imported by Mr. Basil Paul of Constan-
tinople, will be Bold
ATT AUCTION
Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Feb. 2, 3,4,
At 2 and 8 p. m. at
116 SUTTER STREET,
Between Kearny and Montgomery.
1 5S^ =M , - , Paul - ti having decided to go to
, IS^ Alaska, will sell out at auction hii
entire superb collection regardless of value
cata L o£&J! X W - BUTTER utlru t 1 ro I n w"
§$|1 JOKERS' OF
tw*viiwxfo Perfect
>-- fiTiTrJQ
OPTICIANS -VJ&HIC » »B»IU5
CAI m FHOTO J Scientific •:-
o4z Market st. instruments
««»« CHOMICI.I BUUOINb
•PERFECTION.:. PREVAILS
IcuisineTseryicel
I —IN THE- %
% LADIES' GRILL*
I ?FP/lUC£.? F P/IUC£. I
* Direct Entrance from Market Street *
DR.MCNULTY.
T^, r ,LrT\ rX XN r OWN AND RELIABLE OL1»
X bp«-i:ilistcurr-« Privnte.Nervous.Bloodand Skin
Diseases of Me,,, . Manly Power restored. Over
M years' experience. Send for Book, free, i'itlents
dXr2™, O T™ 'itriß3 reasonable. Hours, OtoS
dail v, 6:3o u> B-30 evVs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consulta-
free and sacredly confident^!. Call or a2slre£
««„ mf BOSCOE JIcKVLTT, M. »..
«6>s Kearny Street. Man Francisco. Cat
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. d. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC
CQQ MARKET ST.. OPP PALAr^a
■82S-55&- as&'s.aajjrg
V " PATENT^ \
1 MARKET ST.Sj!%2^
•- ■ ■ "" : " ~ — ■ —