VOLUME LXXXV.-^O. 19.
APPEALED FOR AID
ONLY WHEN HUNGER
LURED DEATH ON
Starving People of Lockwood
Hesitated Long Before Making
Known Their Need.
Reports of Their Deplorable Condition Have Not
Been Exaggerated — Relief Measures to
Be Taken Immediately.
KIN'iS CITY, Dec. IS.— Bereft of
ock of all descn:
w ithcut moans of obtaining pro
for their fan
with no hope of better timer! un
til another year shall have p tss •>• the
people of Southern Montert y and
Northern Pan Luis Obispo counties are
now face to face -with starvation. For
weeks they have struggled on. hoping
almost against hope that rains would
come and bring a change for the bet
ter, but now the situation has be
so grave that there is no longer ■■
fibility of self help, and. in dire want,
an appeal has been made to th<j
executive for assistance.
That, this appeal is timely and that
the aid ;■ :y there can be no
doubt. For almost two years no
have been raised on the farms, and the
hills and valleys have lain bleak and
bare entirely destitute of vegetation.
Salinas to Paso Robles the whole
country is destitute. In the off]
:"f John L. Matthews at Salinas
are dozens of letters from despairing
farm* !ing for aid in divers
ways. In all the general merchandise
stores In I c trict are pitiful
pleas for extension of credit, while
every one who enmes in from the back
distr s the same tale of desti
tution and want.
One by one the cattle of the poorer
farmers have dropped and died from j
ustion and starvation. Then the
horses followed,, until now the entire
np community is nereft of all
ki:. 'ls of livestock and famine has laid
Its gaunt fir -s on the wives and
children, who are fast succumbing to
th terrible situation.
Hollow-pyr-d women and children peer
out of the doorways at the passer as
if in the vain hope of obtaining some
thing to drive away the pangs of hun
ger that are rating out thoir lives.
Around Jolon and Lockwood th" con
dition is of the utmost gravity. The
wealthy people have reached the point
where they are doling out their
to their families as if to a shipwrecked
crew. What then must be the condi
tion of those who have been living from
hand to mouth for months? Their live
stock gone and their means .of support
entirely withdrawn, they have seen
their food suppl-- diminish day by day
until at last they have been compelled
to use the coarsest food that is :
to cattl* and in many families
made of water and shorts have been
the entire sustenance for weeks.
Three carloads of provisions have
been sent into the famine-stricken dis
trict by kind-hearted people who have
learned of the misery that exists, but
three carloads is but as a drop in a
bucket when the extreme destitution is
considered. Here in Kings City only
the echoes reach, but back in the foot
hills the stories are of such nature as
to appeal to the hardest heart. On the
big Milpitas rancho owned by Johnson
& Browne, and on the ?anch of A. M.
Xewhall, the cattle have reached such
a condition that they are dropping
dead all over the hills. Gangs of men
have been cutting down th" big live
oak trees, and the leaves serv^ to stay
the pangs of hunger for a while, but
within a week from now not a head
of cattle and only a. few of the best
horses will be found in a country 100
miles square. It is impossible to gather
what little stock is left on the ranges
and drive It into the home ranches, and
should it be driven ther- is not r-nough
to carry one further through the
winter.
While all classes are suffering, the
grf-at-'st destitution exists anwnsr the
renting farmers. These people have al
most given up the struggle and unless
aid soon reaches them they, like the
cattle, will lie down and die.
RELIEF COMMITTEE'S
SPLENDID WORK IN
PROVIDING FOOD
Several Carloads of Sepplies
Distributed Among Fami*
lies Sadly in Need.
SALINAS, Dec. 18.— During the early
portion of last July letters were re
ceived by W. J- Hill and others calling
attention to the awful state of affairs
In the southern portion of Monterey
and the northern part of San Luis Obis
po counties. A committee, consisting of
prominent attorneys, doctors and min
isters, was formed on July 28, and steps
taken to work on the suggestion of Dr.
Miller of San Lucas that something be
done and done promptly. Letters were
pent out, and Boon several carloads of
Fupplies were dispatched, and on Octo
ber 30 the committee reported it had
helped eleven families near San Lucas,
f'even near San Ardo, and twenty-six
around Bradley, Including 154 children.
The San Francisco Call
These families were recommended for
assistance by prominent citizens. The
supplies Included food, flour, beans and
clothing.
Again, on December 8, only eleven
days ago, the relief committee reported
having assisted families at Soledad, San
Lucas. San Ardo and Bradley. The re
port says supplies were distributed to
families, aggregating 54S persons, who
j were given 81 sacks Sour, 47 boxes ap
47 sides of bacon, 96 sacks of on
; ions, 62 sacks of beans, 54 pairs of shoes,
70 sacks of vege
tables. 142 packages of groceries, 36
sacks of prunes. 21 hats, 5 quilts and 92
sacks of | The report concludes
with tl ■ tng statement:
As I Is of thai portion of Mon
terey County, we refer you to the fact
I was very light and a
limit- I Income to the farmers,
while tie crop of 1888 was a complete
failure. Their stock has been a burden to
tht->m, most of it having been driven to
.res outside the county. Should
come they will get relief in a
meas:. able to obtain more credit.
Most of the I: I cattle in that
r and it will be on.y under
the most favorable conditions that they
will live through the winter.
Letters bearing the indorsements of
prominent residents of Southern Mon
terey are being received daily from the
sufferers. They say their provisions
are all gone. They do not wish to live
on charity, but for their children's
sake they are forced to at present.
"In the i&mf vt God and humanity
help v •. exclaim.
Prominent people here of all classes,
t possibly a few who believe the
truth will hurt the county or their
business, say the reports are not half
as bad as the reality. One morning
journal denies the truth of the report
and berates the San Francisco papers.
It says if any one is Hying on shorts
and bran in that locality it is surely
from choice or for a gratification of the
pride that has prevented them making
known their destitution to the local
Supervisor or their more fortunate
neighbors.
A meeting of the relief committee will
be held to-morrow evening to devise
further means of succor. Merchants
Bay that owing to the widespread desti
tution their sales for Christmas are in
significant. One and all say the Board
of Supervisors and many generous
hearted private individuals have ren
dered a great deal of aid, but much
more is needed. The people in this
great, glorious Golden State must not
be permitted to starve.
HUNGRY BECAUSE
THEY PREFER IT,
SAYS BRUNNER
Banker Thinks the Starring
People Should Have Lo
cated Elsewhere.
The Germania Trust Company, of
which If. Brunner is cashier, has large
colony interests in the country adjacent
to southern Monterey County. Mr.
Brunner travels through that section
quite frequently and returned there
from yesterday afternoon.
"There is no question," said he, "that
there is privation and hunger among
the people in the Lockwood district.
However, I should say that all told
there are not over 200 who are in need
of outsid* assistance.
"In a great measure It is the fault of
these people that they arc in their pres
ent condition. The trouble is that they
went into a stock raising country and
settled on hilly land that is fit only for
grazing purposes and proposed to sup
port families on 160 acres of land. They
are not over-industrious and as they
depend on natural feed for dairying
they have been left without any re
sources whatever.
"The expenditure of a few hundred
dollars would provide the temporary
food requirements. There should be
beans, potatoes, flour and salt meats
Bent; also hay to keep the remaining
stock alive. This should be done right
away to prevent further suffering. In
this connection, however, I want to say
that this should not be done with the
idea of enabling these people to estab
lish homes in that part of the State
Such an effort is useless for the reason
that those lands are not calculated for
sirjiill holdings. And it is not right that
• people, by reason of their bad
judgment and shiftlessness, should cir
culate the report that the industrious
farmer in California is starving to
death.
"It will be a highly proper act to send
food to them as soon as possible. Aside
from this the most charitable act that
can be done on behalf of these squat
ters is to give them transportation to
sections of the country where they will
have opportunities to obtain work and
support themselves and families. There
is no other sensible thing to do unless
Continued on Second Page.
SAX FKAXCISCO, MONDAY, DECEMBER 19, 189 S.
REFUSED TO KISS THE
HERO OF THE MERRIMAC
Miss Douglass Quarrier of Louisville Would Not
Participate in tf}e Osculatory Exercise
Proposed by Hobsonu
Miss Quarrier Is the daughter of one of the highest offi
cials of the Louisville and Nashville Railroad, and is one
of the most popular and charming of Louisville's- most
cultivated and exclusive circles as well as those of New
York and New Orleans, where she has man: connections
and is a frequent vis' or.
The incident which has given her a prominence very
distasteful to herself and friends took plat at Macau
ley's Theater. Walnut street, Louisville, on Saturday
night. Lieutenant Hobson, who had stopped over in
Louisville while en route for San Francisco and Manila
to visit some friends, made one of a party who occupied
a box at Macauley's prior to attending a banquet given
in his honor at the Louisville Hotel as the guest of the
HOBSON'S KJSSING BEE AT CHICAGO.
NEW YORK, Dec. 18. — A Chicasro' special to the Herald Bays'* \«s" t f * xV ■•■ r . ' ■.„ - ' v ,
public kissing records to-night when he kissed 163 girls and married W> 1 " Mf^ZF^M I ™^*^?** all
ances, want to-be kissed, but being in a kissing mood, the hero of the Mpt"' ' " t ° A™ \t ' lit X nt ' aDDOar
until the available material was exhausted. H?bson lectured on the sinkir* t' tit** Vf**H »"'d '^ Pt il U °
the Press Club, before 3000 people. When he had finished many n»r*nna errimae - " n cr the ausoices of
him. A line of policemen and ushers' formed -in' front cfVsto.o", Tkh"" 6 asked to be introduced to
sons mounting the platform shook hands with the lieu enant and passe 1?" W W&S K ° UndUe crowdi:l^ Per "
Mrs. Thomas McDermott KrilKbt and Miss Mary. Fowle o^3ol^o^l*'^ '*** no ; atterfa PV.at' kissin until
Fowle of North' Carolina, passed. They are distant cousins of Hob's^ar.f w'^ d ™ ght * r \f mer ' Governor
he bent his' head and kissed them. Then the kissing SSShf'S the relationship bein announced.
In fact, he seemed to likeit. and as each woman up helped her ham? an^. Ho f on ma^ no lstan ce.
her soundly upon the lips. It was rare fun for' the onlookers. ™ «aw bSfn- fl n«7 JSf^SS *»* «™acked
Club and guests.. The fun at last grew hilarious. ■ Hobson did not' alwa\% wa"f f! h '"embers of the Press
he spied a pretty girl' near,he ; would!reach:forward, draw' her to him and it AA ° r the wom f n in line - Whenever
salute with a hearty hug. . . ■ h ™. and kiss her, very often accompanying, the
SIXTY MILLIONS TO BE SPENT
IN INCREASING THE NAVY
NEW YORK, Dec. 18.— A Wash
ington special to the Herald
says: Assurances have been
given to President McKinley and
Secretary of the Navy Long by
members of the Naval Committee of
Congress that the ship building pro
gramme which they recommend will be
adopted. This means that Congress
will pledge the Government to the ex
penditure of almost 560,000,000 for in
creasing the navy.
An immediate appropriation of such
a large sum will not, of course, be
necessary. It will be spread over a
period of at least four years. In the
forthcoming naval appropriation bill
the expenditure of only $10,000,000 to
$15,000,000 will be authorized.
It is proposed to distribute the money
among fifteen vessels, three of which
will be sea-going, sheathed, coppered,
battle ships of 13,500 tons, to have a
speed of about eighteen knots, if pos
sible; three sheathed and connered ar
MISS DOUGLASS QUfIRRIER.
city. His appearance in the theater was a signal frr a
storm of 'applause, which was continued between the acts,
until he consented to address ..he audience from the stage,
which he did. On his return to his box he was honored
with calls from various parties of young people present.
one. of which Miss Douglass Quarrier was a member.
It seems that at the instigation or suggestion o f one
of the young men in the party Lieutenant Htobson
made an attempt to emphasize his greeting to Miss Quar
rier by offering to kiss her, which very marked civility
she declined, and drawing promptly a y from him. left
the box. Occurring as it did in fuil view of the audience
the incident created a good deal of comment and some
laughter.
mored cruisers of about' 13,000 tons and
at least twenty-two knots speed; three
sheathed and coppered protected cruis
ers of 6000 tons; and six sheathed and
coppered cruisers of 2500 tons.
Strange as It may seem, some oppo
sition has developed from ship builders
of the country who may try to secure
a reduction of the number of ships au
thorized, or, if Congress be willing, to
obtain the authorization of fifteen
ships, contracts for a certain number
of which are to be placed yearly until
the entire programme has been exe
cuted.
The opposition of the ship-builders
arises from the fact that their plants
are not large enough to accommodate
the entire construction, especially when,
this Government already has under
way eight battle ships, four monitors,
one protected cruiser, sixteen torpedo
boat destroyers, twenty-two torpedo
boats, one training vessel for the naval
academy and one- submarine . torpedo" j
I boat, and is awaiting the close of nego
j tiations of the Anglo-American High
J Commission to place a contract with a
j lake. ship builder for the construction
of a gun boat. Apprehension is also felt
by the ship builders that Congress may
direct the construction of some of the
vessels at the navy yards, and this it is
desired to prevent if possible.
There is reason to believe, however,
that Secretary Long will seriously con
' sider the advisability of recommending
to Congress that three vessels, probably
of the 6000-ton class, be constructed in
Brooklyn. Norfolk and Mare Island
navy yards. Some of the officials of the
department believe it would be a part
I of wisdom to take such action, especi
ally in view of the alleged congestion of (
the ship-building yards. Other officials
! may oppose the proposition and point
to the difficulties of Government con
struction, as shown in the cases of ves
j Bels now in the service.
DEATH COMES IN
STRANGE GUISE TO
A YOUNG SOLDIER
Lockwood Josselyn Found Lying
Fully Dressed in a Bathtub
at His Home.
The Coroner Will Hold an Autopsy on the Body, fof
the Man's Relatives Believe Him the
.Victim of Foul Play.
MYSTERY shrouds the death of j
Lorkwood H. Josselyn, son .of Dr. '
Jospph'H. Josselyn. who -was found
in his bath tub yesterday morning
fully dressed "and with his military over
coat wrapped around him like a burial
robe. The relatives of the young man be
lieve he was' the victim of foul play,
and await with anxiety the result of the
autopsy which Coroner W. J. Hawkins
has ordered for this morning. Young Jos
selyn received a week's pay shortly after
midnight Saturday. "When found his
pockets had been emptied of their con
tents.
As far as known he was last seen alive
by his employer, A. \V. Furst of the Cine
ograph Parlor, Market street, opposite
Grant avenue. Mr. Furst paid off his em
ployes at the close of the day"s business,
and Josselyn was the last to go. He was
handed $S 50 in silver half dollars and was
asked to call at the office the following
afternoon to assist in mounting a skele
ton used in the exhibition. Before he left
the place he made an appointment with a
fellow employe to go driving- in the morn
ing. They separated and the friend called
for him at 8 o'clock, the appointed time.
He arrived to find him being lifted from
his bath tub, dead. "
The youngest sister of the dead man
walked into the bath room attached to
the rooms occupied by the Josselyn
family, 441 Geary street, and was starlted
to find her brother lying in the tub. His
military overcoat was tucked carefully
under the lower portion of his body. The
coat also covered his head, the sleeves
being tied in a knot at the back of the
head. The young woman summoned as
sistance and was joined by a brother and
sister. They first gave him a drink and
he opened his eyes partly. They then took
him to his bedroom across the hall and at
once summoned a physician. The physi
cian came but found the young man dead.
His relatives at once instituted an inquiry
to trace his movements from the time he
left his place of employment until he was
found in the bath tub, but they were
unable to do so. His money was all gone
and there were marks on the throat and
head that indicated a possibility of his
LOCKWOOD H. JOSSELYN, Whose
Strange Death Is to Be Investigated.
having been desrtt with in a violent man
ner.
He had seen his mother late on Satur
day and had told her he would have some
money for her that night, as it was pay
day. He had not been complaining of any
illness which would be likely to carry him
off so suddenly. To reach the bath room
he would, of necessity, have to pass his
own room, the door of which was always
unlocked. His sister, who says she is a
light sleeper, was in a room separated
from the bath room by only a thin parti
tion, and yet she did not hear him c-nter.
The family lives two flights up and one
has to make many turns to reach the
upper landing. The gas is turned off at
the meter by an economical landlord, so
that the dead man reached, or was taken
to the place at which he was found, in
Utter darkness.
Young Josselyn was a native of this
city and was entering upon his twenty
fourth year. He left here last May and
went to New York, where he enlisted in
the volunteer service. He was mustered
out of this and cast his lot with the regn
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
lars, being 1 attached to the Hospital Corp*
of the Second Division. Fourth Army-
Corps. He returned here on a furlough
md was to have joined his corps again
early in January. He gained some un
ipleasant notoriety in this city last Sep
tember, he being arrested at the in
stance of his wife, who charged him with
having first attempted to chloroform her
and then shot at her. The couple sepa
rated two years sine and wpre divorced
after the alleged ast-ault. The charges
against him were not pressf-d.
All indications are against the death of
the young man being from natural causes,
but it will require an autopsy this morn
ing to determine the exact cause. Owing
to the suspicions of his relatives. Coroner
Hawkins will not be satisfied » ntil he has
proved beyond a doubt what was respon
sible for his untimely death. Josselyn
wan nf a happy disposition and his rela
tives scoff at the idea of his taking his
own life. There were no signs of his
having been drinking, which makes it
doubly hard to explain the absence of his
money. Mr. Furst, his employer, speaks
kindly of him as being steady and sober
and a clever workman. He had taken a
liking to him and was to send him out on
the road with a cineograph show.
This may prove another tragedy which
will be added to the long list, the polic*
have been unable to solve in recent years.
REMARKABLE FEAT
OF BRIDGE MOVING
MILWAUKEE. Dec. IS.— A remarkabla
feat of bridge "moving was accomplished
to-day by the Chicago and Northwestern
Railway Company, under direction of J.
S. Robinson, division superintendent of
the engineers of that road. The bridga
was a single-track draw weighing: 215
tons and was removed a distance of 250
feet to a new foundation in the quick
time of two hours and fifty-five minutes.
The structure was floated on two scows,
one on either side of the center, which
were sunk with 90,000 gallons of water.
With the scows in proper position th«
water was pumped out and the bridga
gradually lifted from its foundation, and
it was towed to its new resting place by
two tugs. The bridge had rendered ser
vice since ISBO and is still in good condi
tion, being removed to make way for a
double-track structure of the latest pat
tern.2
SENATE MAY
SOON DISPOSE OF
PEACE TREATY
Probable Action at
This Session.
FAVORABLE RESULT EXPECTED
RATIFICATION IS PREDICTED
WITHOUT DELAY.
Interostin^ Lebates Looked For on
the Guest icn of the Nicaragua
Canal and Territorial
Expansion.
: i The Call.
WASHINGTi • ■ The week
In the Si be opened with a
: lai i "i" Connecticut
fin the question of ex\ msi ••■<■ He has
given hoi n Im
■■ the conclusion of the
routine . sii Monday.
• will reply to the sj h of Sen
ator Vest, made last Monday, and as
he has given very careful attention to
tho extension of our territorial area no
little Interest is manifested among Ben
in h.s presentat ion of the ma
and it is not Improbable, unless the ;
Nicaragua bil ts, that the j
speech will pi less
general debate upon this question.
Whether it does or not a number of
speeches on the same subject will be
made after the Christinas holidays,
preparatory to the consideration of the
peace treaty. It is hoped that the
treaty will be taken up for discussion
early in January. Already there is talk
of the probability of disposing of the
treaty du^ng the preseni session, and
the Impression of a favorable result is
growing. A few Senators manifest a
disposition to debate the treaty at
length and some profess unalterable
opposition, but the feeling is so strong
against an extra 3sion and in favor of
the postponement of the seti lement of
the postponement of the settlement
of the disposition of the I'hiliu
pines until after they come in
to our possession, that it now
seems that even the minority will
consent to the treaty's ratifical
•without material delay. The friends of
the treaty, who are giving attention to
the closest details of opposition as they
develop themselves, have taken the
pains to have enumerated the nan of
the signers to the memorials against
annexation which have reached the
Senate, and they find that there are
fewer than 2000 of them, distributed
among the States as follows: Massa
chusetts, 1435; \Wst Virgina, 101; Indi
ana. 74, Ohio, 50; Florida, 47; New
York, 45; Virginia, 39; Vermont, 20;
Maryland, 16; Pennsylvania and Illi
nois, each 15; Rhode Island, 12; New
Hampshire, 6; California and Missouri,
3 each; Wisconsin and Tennessee, 2
each, and Maine, Colorado, lowa and
Nevada, 1 each.
Senator Morgan said to-day that he
meant to press the Nicaragua canal bill
as vigorously as possible, and he ex
pressed the hope that he mieht get a
vote before next Wedne day, the prob
able day of the Christmas adjourn
ment. The indications are, however,
against such an early disposal of the
he hope that he mitrht get a
re next Wedn< day, the prob
■ day of the Christmas adjourn
it. The indications are, ho
inst such an early disposal of the
subject, and it may be accepted as
quite certain that even i f Senator Tur
pie's motion for postponement till Jan
uary 10 should not prevail, the bill will
be naturally thrown over beyond the
holidays.
The holiday recess by the terms of
the resolution reported by the Ways
and Means Committee is to begin
Thursday and extend until Wednesday,
January 4. It is likely, however, that
the resolution will be amended so as to
make the recess begin Wednesday in
stead of Thursday. The appropriation
bills are further advanced now than
they have been for many years at the
short sston. Already th<- naval and
army deficiency, as special bills, and
three of the regular bills— pension, Dis
trict of Columbia and Indian — have
passed the House. The agricultural bill
was reported yesterday and will be
taken up on Tuesday. Four of the
regular money budgets, out of thirteen,
will therefore have passed the lower
house before the holiday recess, an un
precedented thing in legislative annals.
The military academy bill could have
been added to this list had it not been
that Chairman Hull of the Military
Affairs Committee declined to allow the
attention of the committee to be drawn
from the bill for the increase of the
army, even for the limited time re
quired to prepare the academy bill.
The latter, however, will be reported
before the recess. The friends of the
naval personnel bill and the bill for the
Philadelphia exposition of 1599 have
been urging the Committee on Rules to
grant time for their consideration.
Time will he allotted for the former
bill soon after the House reconvenes
after the holiday recess. It is possible
that the Philadelphia exposition bill
may be called up and placed upon its
passage to-morrow, as to-morrow,
under the rules, suspension day. The
r the holiday recess. It is possible
; the Philadelphia exposition bill
r be called up and placed upon its
to-morrow, as to-morrow,
er the rules, is suspension day. The
bill to extend the navigation laws of
the United States over Hawaii, which
was pending when the House ad
•ned. may also be voted upon under
suspension of the rules.
BRICE'S REMAINS
REACH LIMA, OHIO
Impressive Funeral Sex-vices Will Be
Held Amid Florr.l Offerings
From Railroad Employes.
re ii.i "M BUS, I >hio, Dec 18. -A special to
the Ohio Btati Journal from Lima, Ohio.
says: The remains of tho late Calvin S.
i:ri'-e arrived here ihis morning from New
York. The special tr^in bearing the body
and the family pulled into the Chicago
and Erie depot at i":4." o'clock. Flags on
all public buildings arc at half-mast in
honor of the distinguished dead, and
many buildings are in mourning. There
•was a crowd of over 9000 people at the
oepol whi d the train pulled in, and after
the family were tak>'n to the carriages
the procession moved, with the g. a. It.,
U. V. U. and Lima Lodge of Elks, which
was the only Bocr< I ordei be belonged to,
acting .as escort. The remains were taken
to the Brice residence, where they will re
main until to-iaorrow, when they will be
taken to the Market Btreet Presbyterian
Church at 8 o'clock. ..ml lie in state until
noon. The • it l p. m.
The Lake Erie and Western road, of
whirh Mr. Brice was president, will run
three special trains for the accommoda
tion of their employes. It is expected there
will be a thousand of them. The floral
tributes are mi si elaborate and represent
an outlay of at least $10,(M>J. A carload
arrived on the special train from New
York City. Another carload came from
Indianapolis, and fully that many are
from this city. Tho employes of this di
vision of the Lake Erie and Western Rail
road presented an engine eight feet long,
and tender and two coaches ten feet long,
each made from white roses.
Big Fire in the Peach Belt.
SAVANNAH. Ga.. Dec. Nearly the
\whole of the business part of the town ot
\ r 'imwiimmiMm ihhwmiihl imilii iiwiiHih n
Tifton, in the center of the peach belt,
was burned last night. An oil lamp in a
boarding house exploded. The Masonic
Hall and ten stores were destroyed and
a hotel and large lumber mill were dam
aged.
FAVOR THE CZAR'S
DISARMAMENT PLAN
Conference of the Heads of Various
Religious Denominations Held
at London.
LONDON, Dec. IS. he venerable Wil
liam McDonald Sinclair, Archdeacon of
London and Canon of St. Paul's Cathe
dral, presided at a public conference at
St. James Hall to-day, convened by tl\e
heads of the various religious denomina
tions in favor of an international demon
stration on behalf of the Czar's disarma
ment proposals. A telegram expressing
sympathy with the effort was received
from Lord Rosebery- Among the letters
read by the chairman from prominent
people was one sent by Lord George
Hamilton. Secretary of State for India,
who wrote advocating "an Anglo-Saxon-
Russian understanding, of which the
Czar's rescript ought to be the founda
tion."
A resolution in accordance with the ob
jects of the conveners of the conference
was adopted unanimously.
ASK FOR A PARDON
FOR "HUGGER" MOORE
Prominent Citizens of Savannah Be
lieve the Soldier Has Been Suf
ficiently Degraded.
SAVANNAH. Ga., Dec. IS.-Prominent
citizens have Interested themselves in be
half of Moore, tho Maine artilleryman
who was r ntly sentenced to pay a line
of 1500 or servo sixty days on the chain
gang by Judge Norwood for having at
t< mpted on the Btreets to hug the wife of
a prominent citizen. A petition to the
rnor for pardon Is being circulated.
and it is being Blgned not only by leading
men but by sociely women as well.
Moore was hilariously intoxicated at
the time of his offense. He has borne an
llent reputation in his command. His
petition will go to the Governor probably
to-morrow, and, considering the high
character of tho signers, it is probable
: the pardon will be promptly granted.
Moore is rvow on the chain-gang, -where he
has been for two weeks. The petitioners
j say tlu-y think his degradation and pun
j lshment have been ample.
MURDEROUS ATTACK
UPON TWO WOMEN
One Killed and Another Seriously
Wounded by a Pair of Burglars
in Alaoama.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala., Dec. 17.—Tele
graphic advices from Banks, Ala., tell of
a horrible crime at the Meyers planta
tion, near Josie Postoflice, eight miles
from Banks. Mrs. Ida Meyers, a wealthy
widow, and her daughter-in-law. Mrs. E.
Meyers, also a widow, conducted a store,
and It was known that they kept a large
1 amount of money in the dwelling across
the road from the store. A young man
Cook was employed to superintend the
farm and he occupied a room In the
• house.  . ,_. . ,
Some time between midnight and day
Cook was aroused by a noise in the room
lof the elder Mrs. Meyers. He sprang out
I of bed and ran to the door and saw Mrs.
! Meyers struggling with two strange men.
He" rushed to her assistance and was
knocked senseless with a club. When he
r< gained consciousness he found the house
on fire and the elder Mrs. Meyers appar- ;
ently dead on the floor.
Dragging her from the fire he went in
search of the younger Mrs. Meyers and
found her dead In her room, her brain
i having been beaten out. He rescued her
body just in time from the flames. He
then rang the farm bell and aroused the
neighbors,, who came in great numbers.
but were too late to save the house or
! any of its contents.
It is believed that the robbers obtained
about $3000 in cash. Evidently they
i thought they had killed all three persons
and fired the house to cover their crime.
i The condition of the elder Mrs. Meyers is
I critical.
FROZEN TO DEATH.
Former Resident of Sonoma County
Perishes in Arizona.
PRESCOTT, Dec. IS. — William A. i
Richardson, a former resident of Sonoma i
County, California, was found dead in the I
Verde Valley a few 'lays ago. He had'
been engaged in mining In the Black Hills "
and Btartcd during a storm to walk to
Verde Valley. It is supposed he was '
overcome by the storm and frozen to |
death.
Amador's Special Election.
JACKSON, Dec. IS.— The special elec
tion of Supervisorial District No. 3 was
held yesterday to determine the tie be
tween A. B. Mclaughlin, incumbent and
Democratic nominee for re-election, and
Benjamin Ross, Republican. McL-augh
lin was elected by seventeen majority.
The political complexion of the Board of
Supervisors will now depend upon the
successor to John Marchant, Republican,
who, on account of being elected Asses
sor. Will have to resign as Supervisor
from district No. 2. If his resignation can
be put off so that Governor Gage will
have the appointment of his successor
the board will be Republican, after eight
years of Democratic rule.
Catholic Church Dedicated.
PA NT A ROSA. Dec. 18.— Archbishop
Rlordan dedicated the handsome new
Catholic church at Sebastopol to-day.
Many people from all parts of Sonoma
County wore present. The Archbishop
was assisted by a number of visiting
priests.
Preston Boys as Minstrels.
JACKSON, Dec. IS.— Thirty boys from
the Preston School at lone, accompanied
by a number of officials of that institu
tion, gave a minstrel entertainment here
last night to help out the library fund
for the school. There was a fair attend
ance. The boys had to be closely watched.
One. at least, was unable to resist the
temptation to make a break for liberty.
APPEALED FOR AID
ONLY WHEN HUNGER
LURED DEATH ON
Continued from First Page.
you want this same plea to come up in
the future."
"I had no idea that teuch a condi
tion existed, even in a small spot in
our State," said President Dohrmann of ■
th<> Merchants' Association, when his ;
attention was called to the declaration j
of the Lockwood mass meeting. "If!
these preliminary reports are authenti- j
■ it' (l, there is no question but that !
oiu- association ai.d other organizations ;
| will take the matter up and provide the |
immediate necessities. There is no I
j need of a hue and cry in this matter, i
i If such isolated conditions exist it is j
! the concern only of our own people, and j
California will see that needs are pro- j
vkled. I shall bring the matter to the j
attention of the members of our asso- !
elation to-morrw, and upon receipt of i
accurate information, I think I can
safely say, we will find a way to act
promptly and effectively. If The Call's
representatives verify the statements
of this committee of the mass meeting
we will consider that adequate infor
mation upon which to act."
Colonel E. A. Denicke, president of
the Germanla Trust Company, vouched
for the statements of Mr. Brunnor, and
coincided with the conclusions of Mr.
Dohrmann. So it is evident that there
j will be a prompt relief movement. j
THE SA!N" FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1898,
OPERATIONS
OF FLYING
SQUADRON
Schley Tells of Work
on Blockade.
HAMPERED IN MOVEMENTS
DELAY CAUSED BY TOWING THE
COLLIER MERRLXAC.
Coaling of vessels Under Difficulties
in Rough Weather and in Full
Sight of tne Enemy's
Ships.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Dec. IS.-The Navy
Department to-day made public a re
port from Admiral Schley covering that
part of the operations and movements
of the flying squadron from its sailing
from Key West for Cienfuegos up jto
but not including the first bombard
ment. The report is as follows:
Flying Squadron, United States Flagship
Brooklyn, off Santiago de Cuba, May
Sir: 1 have the honor to report that
the squadron sailed from Key West on
the morning of the 19th Inst i<>r Clenfue
gos, Cuba, in obedience to orders from
Hear Admiral Sampson. In company with
the flagship were the Massachusetts,
Texas and Scorpion. En rout^passed the
Marblehead, Nashville and Wasp, com
municating with the last named vessel.
Off Cape Antonio communicated witti tne
Cincinnati and Vesuvius, scouting.
2 On the morning of the 2<l Inst the
squadron stood in for the entrance ot
Cienfuegos harbor to reconnolter and
later in the day passed the entrance twice
ctoU in As 1 ha' 1 heard the tiring of guns
on the previous afternoon In the direction
of the port and as there was consldei iple
smoke observed in the harbor, 1 was ted
to believe that the Spanish squadron
might have arrived there, lhat day the
Uupont joined me with dispatcher front
Admiral Sampson, directing that the
blockade of Cienfuegos be preserved and
the Scorpion be sent to communicate with
the Minneapolis and Harvard, off Santi
ago. Also' on this day the lowa joined the
BQ s!^. r Une of blockade was established
about four miles off shore, and at nignt
an in-shore line was maintained, consist-
Ing variously of the Scorpion, Dupont and
Castlne. the last named vessel arriving
on the 23d. convoying the Merrimac.
4 Also that on the 2:; d inst. the Hawk
arrived with dispatches from Admiral
Sampson, directing me to move eastward
with the Bquadron to Santiago, it satis
fled thai the enemy's vessels were nut in
Cienfuegos. Not being satisfied at this
time that they were not there, I held m>
position, being further strengthened in
my opinion by the fact thai 1 was m
fomed by the captain of the i British
Bteamer Adula that when he left Kingston
a cablegram had been received, on
Thursday preceding my arrival "ft ■
fuegos, stating that the Spanish squadron
had sailed from Santiago.
a The lowa, Castlne and Dupont
coal from the collier on that day, the
lowa particularly needing coal, as
had sailed from Key West to join this
squadron before completing loading ana
consequently was considerably short.
6. On the 24th inst. the Marble-head
Vixen and Eagle joined the squadron ana
the Marblehead and Eagle were immedi
ately Bent to cnmmuiiirat'- with the insur
gents to the westward of Cienfuegos, and
to furnish them with ammunition cloth
ing and dynamite. Upon Commander Mc-
Cail's return in the course of the after
noon he reported to mo that he had ob
tained information that the Spanish
squadron was not in Cienfuegos. Dis
patches were at once sent by the Dupont
to Admiral Sampson and to Commodore
Remey for the department, lndi<
that this squadron would move toward
Santiago de Cuba.
7 Great difficulty has been expert
in coaling the Texas on account of her
projecting sponsons, in any seaway what
ever and only under tae most favorable
conditions can she go alongside a collier.
In anything more unfavorable than ab
solutely smooth water there Is great dan
ger of "injury either to the Texas herself
or the collier. In this connection the ad
vantage of a tumble-homo to the Bide la
very marked, insuring great freedom Crom
accidents due to projections on the ship s
S B°After dark on the evening of th
the squadron stood to sea. to the east
ward with the Brooklyn. Massachusetts,
lowa and Texas in column natural order;
the Marblehead, Vixen and Eagle on the
outer flank and the collier inshore of the
i battleship. Tne Castine was left at Lien-
I fuegos to notify the Scorpion on her re
i turn should she not be sighted by us, to
proceed to Ke» West in company.
y The run to Santiago was marked oy
rain and rough weather to such an extent
that the Eagle was unable to keep UP a
speed of 7.5 to 8.5 knots and fell behind so
much as to seriously delay the squadron,
which was forced to slow to a speed ol
from four to five knots for her to regain
and hold her position. As this rough head
sea continued with no apparent prospect of
abating and as the Eagle's coal supply
was becoming dangerously low, she was
to Port Antonio for coal, with direc-
Bto make the best of her way back to
On arriving off Santiago the collior
•imac was disabled by the breai
er Intermediate pressure valve stem
the cracking of the stuffing box. This
[»d as a further embarrassment to the
squadron and a source of considerable
anxiety, as, with the weather conditions
that had prevailed since leaving Cienfue
gos it appeared absolutely necessary to
abandon the position off Santiago and
seek a place whero the vessels could be
coaled and the collier's machinery re
"iL Off Santiago the St. Paul, Yale and
Minneapolis were siehted and communi
cated with. The Minneapolis repotted
that sho only had sufficient coal to reach
bad condition. The coal supply of the
other two scouts was also much reduced.
Arrangements were at once made where
by the Yale was to tow the collier, and
ns the prospect did not seem favorable
for replenishing the meager coal supply
of the other vessels the squadron stood
to the westward, towing the collier. The
operation of taking the collior in tow
proved to be quite difficult, owing to the
-:•/■ and weight of the two ships and the
repeated parting of the tow lines. Finally
the collif-r's chain cable was got to the
Yale and the squadron proceeded. The
St. Paul was ordered to remain off San
tiago until her coal supply would no
longer permit of further delay.
12. After standing to the westward for
about three hours, or about twenty-live
miles, the conditions became less unfa
vorable and the squadron stopped. The
Texas and Marblehead were sent along
side the collier, whose injury had be< n
temporarily repaired, and coaled during
the night.
IS. Inasmuch an It was known that, in
case the Spanish squadron had reache
Santiago, Admiral Sampson was able t
block nnv movement of the enem
lough the Bahama channel, my inten
l In standing to the westward wa
uld It become necessary, to bar an
>rt of the enemy to reach Havana b
lash through the Yucatan passage.
. On the 24th inst. continued coalin
Texas and Marblehead and later th
;en. In the afternoon, having manager
set sufficient coal into these vessels t
dlp them to remain with the squadro
shaped course for Santiago, oft which
port we arrived about dusk. Established
an inner picket line, consisting of the
Vixen and Marblehead, the remainder of
the squadron lying off the entrance of
the port about four or five miles out.
18. The next morning, 29th inst., steamed
In to examine the entrance to the harbor
and sighted the Cristobal Colon, appar
ently moored head and stern across the
■western channel around Cay Smith, also
one of the vessels of the Vlzcaya or In
fanta Maria Theresa class, moored In the
eastern channel, and two small torpedo
boats. Later in the day made out the
military tops of a third vessel further up
the harbor.
10. A close blockade of the harbor has
been maintained and no vessels have en
tered or left since our arrival Yesterday
morning H. M. S. Indefatigable came up
to the line of blockade and made signal
"Request permission to communicate with
the commodore," which was of course
granted. A boarding officer came on board
the flagship with a letter from the com
manding officer, Captain L. A. Primrose,
requesting permission for his vessel to
pass the line of blockade in order to com
municate with Her Majesty's Consul at
this port. My reply was that there would
not be the slightest objection to his doing
so. Instead, however, of availing himself
of the permission, the Indefatigable
steamed off from the direction she came,
signaling "No harm done, courtesy." It
may have been that his learning that the
Spanish fleet was in port was of more
importance than Her Majesty's Consul,
and he may have desired first to com
municate with his Government from
Jamaica.
17. On the 30th Inst. the New Orleans ar
rived convoying the collier Sterling.
18. Concerning the coaling of a large
fleet of vessels, I would particularly call
the department's attention to the ne
cessity for heavy bags holding about 800
pounds in addition to buckets, which have
not proved of much use. They should
also be provided with at least six cotton
bales or heavy wooden camels six to eight
feet broad, to be used as fenders to take
the thrust of the ships and to permit coal
ing in rougher weather than is now possi
ble with the means at our disposal. At
present we are coaling on all favorable
occasions in plain sight of the enemy's
fleet. Very respectfully,
W. S. SCHLEY, Commodore, U. S. N.
Commander in Chief Flying Squadron.
RESCUED FROM A
DISABLED SCHOONER
Eight Men and Two Women TakeD
From the Deer Hill by a
Eritish Steamer.
NEW YORK, Dec. 18.— The British
steamer Pawnee, which arrived to-day
from Mediterranean ports, brought ten
ijhi [i wrecked people, eight men and two
women, who were taken from the disabled
scnooner Deer Hill of St. John, N. 8., in
mklocean. Captain Aikenhead reported
that on the morning of December 8 he
sighted the Deer Hill in evident distress
and needing assistance. A heavy north
west sale was blowing and a dangerous
sea was running. The schooner was seem
ingly unmanageable and the rudder dis
abled or carried away. The Pawnee stood
by and at 2 p. m. succeeded in getting a
towline aboard, which had been sent by
drifting a small line to leeward. Ihe line
parted, however, and a boat was launched
in charge of the chief officer and sent to
communicate with the Deer Hill. The
boat had nearly succeeded in boarding the
wreck when an enormous sea struck and
Btove it. and after great difficulty the
boat crew succeeded in sotting on board
the schooner, where they were obliged to
remain all night. On the following morn
ing (Oth) the weather slightly moderate,].
a tow line was sent on board and the
Pawnee towed the Deer Hill toward Ber
muda. After towing about six hours the
line again parted. The wind and sea was
Increasing when the line parted and it
was found impossible to get out another.
The captain of the Deer Hill signaled that
he Wished to abandon the wreck, and re
quested the Pawnee to stand by. The gale
continued throughout the 9th. 10th and
11th, the Pawnee keeping her position
near the wreck, but found it impossible to
use the boats to remove the unfortunate
people from the Deer Sill, owing to the
dangerous character of the seas. Finally
at 7 p. m. on the 12th the rescue was ef
fected and the Doer Hill was abandoned
in latitude 30:45, longitude r.2.40. The res
cued people were Captain C. w. Burns,
Lroulsa Burns, his daughter: Hazel Mer
ritt, the owner's daughter and seven of
the crew of the Deer Hill.
MONUMENT TO RUSSIAN
SOLDIERS IS UNVEILED
Grand Duke Nicholas Presents the |
Sultan an Autographic Letter
From the Czar.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Dec. 18.— The
Russian Grand Duke Nicholas, who ar
rived here on Friday on board a Russian j
steamer, unveiled to-day at Calatina, near j
San Stefano, where, on March 3, IS7B. was
signed the treaty of peace that terminat
ed the Russo-Turkish war, a monument i
to the Russian soldiers who fell In that
conflict. The unveiling was accompanied
with much ceremony and a military
parade, at which representatives of all
the Balkan States were present.
Earlier in the day a requiem was held
at the Russian chapel there in memory j
of the dead. I
The Turkish newspapers are excessively I
irritated at these ceremonies, which re
call great disasters to the Turkish arms.
At the reception at the palace yester
day the Grand Duke handed the Sultan j
the Czar's autograph letter and informed i
his Majesty that Emperor Nicholas had |
delegated him (the Grand Duke) to draw
closer the ties of friendship binding tho
two countries.
Decorations and presents were ex
changed.
CARLOS GARCIA HAS
RETURNED FROM CUBA
Says the Death of His Father, the j
Gsneral, Has Been a Great
Blow.
NEW YORK Dec. 18.— Colonel Carlos
Garcia, eldest son of the late Calixto Gar
cia, arrived to-day on the Ward liner
Santiago. He was greeted at the pier by
a number of Cubans. Colonel Garcia was
in command of a division of the army in j
Santiago province at the time of his
father's death. He will stay in this city"
for a day or two and will then go to j
Washington and later to Thomasvllle,
Ga.. to visit his mother.
"My father's death," he said, "has been
a great blow. I do not know what my !
plans are while in the country."
When asked about the present condi
tions in Cuba he said: "You must par
don me, but I can say nothing on that .
subject now. Everything, however, is go
j ing' nicely."
RETIRES FROM THE PULPIT.
Rev. Dr. Abbott's Resignation From
Plymouth Church Accepted.
NEW \>.HK, Dec. 18.— At a business
meeting of the members of the Plymouth
Church, Brooklyn, to-day the report of
the advisory committee recommending ac
ceptance of the resignation ol Rev. Dr.
Lyman Abbott as pastor was adopted j
With a few dissenting votes.
During the past week efforts were made j
by both the old and young dements of the i
congregation of Plymouth Church to have !
Dr. Abbott withdraw his resignation, but i
;., no avail. A deputation of members of
Plymouth Church called on Dr. Abbott's
physician and were informed that they
should not insist on his holding the pas
torate, as further strain of preaching ,
might have serious and lasting effects.
Dr. Abbott will continue to fill the pul
pit of Plymouth Church until May 1. He
will after that date give his time exclu- i
sively to his editorial work.
Death of Edward G. Mason
CHICAGO, Dec. IS.— Edward G. Mason,
one of Chicago's most prominent and suc
cessful lawyers, died at his home to-day,
aged 59. The cause of death was Bright's
disease, aggravated by an injury to the
head which Mason received in a fall some
days since. Mason was graduated from
Yale in ISOO, and has ever since been ac
tive in university affairs. Recently he
has been frequently mentioned as the
candidate of the Western Alumni, to suc
ceed Timothy Dwight as the president of
Yale College. He is survived by a widow
and thirteen children.
Boys Guilty of Manslaughter.
CHILLTCOTHE. 0.. Dec. 18.— Two mere
boys, Elmer and George Butler, aged re
spectively 20 and 13, were to-day found
guilty of manslaughter and wnl serve a
term in the penitentiary for tne murder of
Daisy Browser, a young girl. The crime
was a heinous one, and in the trial It was
proved that the girl had been shot down
from ambush for no cause whatever. The
defense made an attempt to prove that
Insanity ran in the Butler family, but the
lury could not be convinced. Sentence
has not yet been passed.
Death of Major Morrison.
VIRGINIA CITY, Dec. 18.— Major Wil
liam Morrison, who commanded the Ne
vada battalion until it was mustered out
recently, died this afternoon of pneumo
nia. He was captain of the Emmet Guard
for several years.
TWO FIREMEN
CHARGED WITH
LOOTING RUINS
Sensational Arrests at
Fresno.
THIEVES CAUGHT IN THE ACT
SALVAGE STOLEN FROM BURNED
STORES.
Charles Bach, Assistant Chief of the
Fire Department, One
of the Accused
Men.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, Dec. IS.— Charles Bach and
Charles Reed, prominent members of
the Fresno Volunteer Fire Department,
were arrested this morning, charged
I with having looted the ruins of the
I White Front stores, which were burned
on Friday night.
After several fires recently the pro
prietors of the burned property have
j complained to the police that articles
jof value were stolen. During the fire
| in Holland & Holland's grocery store,
two weeks ago, the till was robbed, and
several articles of value were stolen.
At the fire in Sughira & Co.'s Japanese
fancy goods store a week ago, the till
was robbed, and when McVey's furni
ture store was burned two weeks ago a
large quantity of goods were stolen.
Last night police officers were on
watch in the alley in the rear of the
White Front stores. At about 1 o'clock
this morning Fireman Charles Reed
I was seen emerging from the ruins with
I a bundle of burned silks, handkerchiefs,
! etc. The officers gave chase, whereupon
I the plunder was dropped. Reed was
finally run down and captured.
Charles Bach, assistant chief of the
Fire Department, who had been placed
' on the burned premises to guard the
: damaged stock, was seen taking num
i erous articles of dry goods to his bar
ber shoy, which adjoins the White
; Front stores. J. Bennett, a drayman,
: and Milton Hutchinson, an escape from
! Whittier, are also in jail, charged with
i looting the ruins.
Bach was released this evening on
\ $1000 bail.
Hutchinson probably will be sent
back to Whittier, as he has four years
yet to serve.
HAVANA SUBURBS
ARE DULY EVACUATED
Spanish. Troops Leave Cerro and
Jesus del Monte — Cubans Cause
Serious Biots.
HAVANA, Dec. 18.— The Spanish evac
uation commissioners informed the Amer
ican commissioners this evening that the
Havana suburbs of Carro and Jesus del
Monte had been evacuated. The Spanish
troops left Jesus del Monte at 5 o'clock
this evening, immediately afUT which
American and Cuban flags were raised,
crackers were fired and the usual dem
onstrations made by the large crowds
in honor of the event. At the hour of
filing this dispatch, 8 p. m., it is reported
that some of the troops of the Cuban gen
eraJ, Mario Menocal. entered Jesus del
Monte. Probably the United States forces
will be sent there to-morrow.
The suburb of Carro was evacuated yes
terday. American and Cuban Hags were
displayed from the houses on Calzada del
c.rru'and crowds rushed through the
streets shouting: "Viva Cuba libre!"
About 5:30 o'clock last evening a crowd
of Cubans of the lower class passed a
barracks of engineers on the Infanta avu
nue shouting "Long live Cuba!" and
"Death to Spain!" and firing shots into
the air in celebration of the evacuation of
Cerro. The < ■•ngineers did not fire, but the
guard was doubled.
The crowd then passed on from the Cal
zada del Monte to the Calzada del Cerro,
stopping the street cars and compelling
ngors to shout "Viva Cuba Libre."
Among the demonstrators were a number
of butchers who carried pistols and
knives. Jose Gancedo and his brother
Teodoro Huortia, who were in the cars,
wore wounded with knives. Gancedo died
to-day and Huertia will probably die.
Later the crowd met some engineers at
the Esquina de Tejas and fired upon them,
seriously wounding one. The engineers
returned the firo. wounding a street car
conductor, a civilian, Isador Basolas, and
John Leonard, a colored man. The riot
ing continued, many shots being flrod in
front of the Casa do Socorro, where the
wounded were assisted.
Spanish soldiers were ordered to tne
scene and arrived about 9 o'clock. Whiie
inarching through Corro they were tired
upon by men concealed behind pillars. Une
Spanish private fell, wounded, and the
battalion fired into the air to scare the
rioters. On resuming their march they
were again fired upon and another man
! was hit. The Spaniards then fired and dis-
I porsed the .rioters.
Among the wounded was a colored
woman, and it fs also reported that there
•vv. r.- several others. The rioting caused
i great alarm in Cerro and along the Cal
zada del Monte, where all houses have
j kept closed doors since last night.
REVENUE CUTTER PERRY
ARRIVES AT ASTORIA
Hole Stove in Her Bottom by the
Striking of a Reef Off St.
Helens.
ASTORIA, Or., Dec. IS.— The United
States revenue cutter Perry, which
struck a hidden rock near St. Helens yes
terday, aTfived here to-day under her own
steam. She is lying at the Government
depot and the extent of her injuries Is
not known. There is a hole In her bottom
and all her pumps are kept at work. She
will be placed on the marine ways here
to-morrow.
FRENCH MOVE IN CHINA.
Expedition Dispatched Up the Yang
tse-Kiang River.
LONDON, Dec. 19.— According to a dis
patch to the Morning Post from Hankow,
on the Yang-tse-Kiang, about 700 miles
from the sea, a French expedition has
been dispatched up the river to Kwel
Chau and one gunboat is already above
Nanking.
Abundance of ±*ure Water.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. 18.— The Chamber
of Commerce committee, which has been
making tests of suburban wells for a
city supply of clear water, to-day closed
its pumps. An abundance of clear, pure
water can be had, and the City Trustees
will be asked to provide for a supply from
that source.
William T. Maxey Dead.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 18.— William T.
Maxey, one of the earliest settlers of Los
Angeles, died here to-day. He came to
California from lowa In 1554 and settled
in Loh Angeles, where he has lived con
tinuously ever since. He was Chief of the
Fire Department fur years.
Cavalry Troop for Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO Dec. 18.— It has been
settled that Sacramento will have the Na
tional Guard cavalry troop that Is to re
place Troop B of this city, which enlisted
as artillery and Is now doing duty at Fort
t Canby. Brigadier General Muller writes ;
that the list of seventy-six names has
been received and forwarded to division
headquarters. Stockton, San Jose and
Oakland wanted the company, but were
too slow about it. W. A- Desborough
probably will be the captain.
GENERAL BROOKE SICK
ABED WITH FEVER
Broken Down by Hard Work, He
Must Rest Before Going to
Havana.
NEW YORK, Dec. 18.— A Savannah.
Ga., special to the Herald says: Gen
eral John R. Brooke, Military Governor
of Cuba, is here in the Desoto Hotel
sick abed with fever. Accompanied by
four members of his staff, he arrived
last night and went right to the hotel.
He is accompanied by Mrs. Brooke.
Brooke got his appointment on Friday,
and though he wanted to see the Presi
dent before going to Havana, he was
prevented doing so, as the President
was on his Southern trip. He started
therefore for his new post. President
McKinley happened to be in Savannah
to-day. General Brooke saw him here.
It is said General Brooke is broken
down as a result of recent labors, and
his sickness Is due to that fact. He
will remain until the latter part of the
week, when, if sufficiently recovered,
he will proceed to Havana.
ATTEMPT OF CADETS TO
KILL THEIR COMMANDER
Major Jones Has a Close Call From a
Musket Bullet in xtis
Office.
LEXINGTON. Ky., Dec. IS.— Rebellious
cadets at the State College here to-night
attempted to assassinate the commander,
Major M. B. Jones. When Major Jones
opened the door to his office he waa
startled by a loud explosion, and upon
examination found that a musket had
been so adjusted in a far corner of the
room that the trigger was pulled when J
the office door opened. The bullet missed
the major, but struck a door panel ami
glanced backward, entering the wall near
one of the hinges. Major Jones was so
startled that he did not regain control of
himself before the office was filled with
students. The guilty cadets have not
been found. The major to-night says it
was only a college prank and amounts to
nothing.
The college is furnished a commander
by the United States army, but after the
war was declared Major Sam Swlgert was
forced to return to his post of duty and
Major Jones was appointed to act in his
absence. Major Jones is unpopular and
a number of less serious tricks have been
played on him during the past few weeks.
The faculty of the college voted a salary
for commissioned officers of cadets recent
ly, but this does not seem to have satis
fled the privates.
FARRAGUTS DEFEAT RELIANCE.
Vallejo Football Team Shuts Out the
Men From Oakland.
VALLEJO, Dec. IS.--The football game
here to-day between the Farraguts of
Vallejo and the Reliance of Oakland re
sulted in a victory for the home team by
the score of 15 to 0. The Farraguts were
on their mettle and played the best game
since they were organized. McGuire, the
big fullback, was the star of the game,
and his hurricane work won rounds of
applause.
Reliance had the kick-off, and the Far
raguts secured the ball, but one yard
from their goal. They carried it across
the field and scored without losing the
pigskin. Reliance kicked off again, and
Farragut scored the second touchdown
without Reliance having the ball. Captain
McEnerny then began, open plays, the
half ending without further scoring.
Jn the second half Farragut scored one
touchdown, the visitors failing to have
a chance to score. McGuire's ankle was in
bad shape, and he failed on all his tries
at goal. For the visitors Delicon, Platt
and I'rick played hard football, but their
team was overmatched.
The Farraguts will play the Olympics
on January 1.
SUISUN, Dec. 18.— The Chilcoots of Be
nicia were defeated in a football game
hero to-day by Suisun Valley by a score
of 24 to 0.
FORCING THE BLOCKADE.
Steamers Released From the Ice in
Detroit River.
DETROIT, Mich., Dec. 18.— Aided by a
northwest wind and the mild weather of
the past two days most of the imprisoned
steamships at the mouth of the Detroit
River were to-day released by the tugs
and the ferry steamships. To-morrow
morning fourteen more steamships will
leave here for the blockade to attempt to
force it. If the fleet to-morrow meets
with as good success as it did to-day and
breaks through the ice it will leave but
three freighters still stuck.
Funeral of a Pioneer.
SANTA ROSA, Dec. 18.— The funeral of
John Hughes Holman, one of the oldest
settlers of this State, was held to-day.
Holman came to California in 1850, and
was a prominent citizen of Santa Rosa
for many years. He was an old soldier,
having fought through srveral wars. Rev.
Dr. Taft of Alameda delivered the ad
dress at the church, assisted by Rev. W.
L. Gaston.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Annual Sales 0ver6,000,000 Boxes
FOB BILIOUS AND NEBVOUS DISOEDEEB
such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach.
Giddiness. Fuluess .af tor meals, Head-
ache. Dizziness, Drowsiness. Flushings
of Heat, Loss of Appetite. Costiveness.
Blotches on the Skin. Cold Chills, Dis-
turbed Sleep, Fri«litful Dreams and all
Nervous and. Trembling Sensations.
THE- FIRBT DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF
IN TWENTY MINUTES. Every sufferer
will ucknmvledb'o them to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECHAN'S PIIXS. taken as direct-
ed, will quickly rostore Females to com-
plete health. They promptly remove
obstructions or irregularities of the sys-
tem and cure sick Headache* Fora
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
, Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
: And have the
LARGEST SALE
of any Patent Medicine In the World*
25c. at all Drug Stores.
IMFRVITH Retwrw TALtTT
fi>i«--i* V I I J-\ OST VIGOR.
JKSgy '"« AND MANHOOD
j&Sr^^A Cure* Impotcncv Night Emissions and wasting
W&KtJpQ diseases, all effects oi sdf'ibusc, or excess and
>»ll indiscretion. A nerre^anic and blood^builder.
' tR W&T Brings the pink glow to pale cheeks and ro
jjL Iv^^bt •tores the re of youth. By mail 500 per
Hsb^RW boxi 6 boxes for $2.50; with a written
Jfjjlp^g^^ 1 guarantee to cure or refund the money. ;-"■,■ /
letrita IDcdlrai Co., CHnton v Jackson ttt., Chkago.
WALLEH BROS.. 33 Grant aye., San Franciico.
£^S!i!3sm RUPTURE.
Wfe^v L/'-fJSBU use NO more IRON
fWraS^ Hoops or Steel Springs,
a jJ^B*t v Rupture retaintd with eas«
H»^"**7teri?V ani onmfort, and thousan<lB radl-
H /Mi cally CURED by DR. PIERCE 1 S
% /jW Magnetic Elastic Truss.- C 7 Call at
'ft-^y fficeor write for New Pamphlet No. 1.
MAQNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO..
£20 Market Et.. opp. Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
1 KifN^ Hi^SPiS 'Ifei^ !^ bTgJ
'*•■ -.-■ -. ::. . r . .-..- ■... ■■■-.- . :■ -■'. V
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"AtSLOANET
pr^ l!l !l || !i || juiiiii'i(««iiiiji| l i,,V)\'^~" i
This Mahogany-finish Dav-
enport, upholstered in cor-
duroy $20.00
We show many attractive
pieces of Furniture, and men-
•ion:
PARLOR AND MUSIC CABINETS,
DRESSING TABLES,
FANCY CHAIRS,
Etc, IIIGI
A recent importation of
Oriental Rugs — choice pieces.
Extensive variety of Sofa
Pillows — Silk and Velour
Table Covers, Lace Curtains,
OPEN EVENINGS.
ff . & J, SLOAHE & CO.
Carpets— Furniture— Upholstery
641, 643, 645, 647 MARKET STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
I Use SAN FRANCISCO. and
Uss f^%,
clal Soap |^/ Facia! Cream.
Woodbury's Facial Soap. Facial Cream. Fa-
cial and Tooth Powder have the indorsement of
the Medical and Dental ' Professions. Sold
everywhere.
___ __ , ___
STATEMENT
OF THE—.
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
FIREMAN'S FUND
'INSURANCE COMPANY
OF SAN FRANCISCO, IN THE STATE OF
vr California, on the 31st day of December,
A. D. 1597, and for the year ending on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner of
the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by the
Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up
in cash U. 000.000 00
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company...... $379,200 00
Loans on bonds and mortgages 463,434 85
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 1,313.480 00
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds, stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 180, 34
Cash in company's office 6,929 4<)
Cash in bank's 353,906 61
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 640 51
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and mortgages 9,822 63
Premiums in due course of collection 356,53s 27
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for fire and marine risks 33,683 45
Due from, other companies for rein-
surance on losses already paid 3.550 79
Warrants 3,075 45
Fire premium notes 10.888 54
Total assets J3.734.595 90
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid 134,569 70
Losses In process of adjustment or
in suspense .". 83,775 01
Losses resisted, Including expenses.. 7,000 00
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less, 11,020,525 37;
reinsurance 60 per cent 510,262 68
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,291.-
647 IS; reinsurance pro rata 637,268 1]
Gross premiums on marine and in-
land navigation risks, reinsurance
100 per cent. 23,780 83
GroBS premiums on marine time
risks, reinsurance 50 per cent 61,444 88
All other demands against the com-
pany 113.149 93
Total liabilities. $1,481,251 15
INCOME.
Net cash actually receiveo. for fire
premiums $1,438,305 79
Net cash actually received for ma-
rlne premiums 308,448 6J
Received for Interest on bonds and
mortgages 29,168 34
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 111,089 41
Received for rents 2.-.107 SO
Total Income $1,912,12.) 86
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses $«93.f.31 73
Net amount paid for marine losses.. 229,742 58
Dividends to stockholders 120,000 00
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage V' W 232 150 53
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 209,712 05
Paid for State, national and local ■>
taxes 41.294 48
All other payments and expendl-
titi ..,..,..••••••••••••••••••••••••••• $1,700,552 56
Total expenditures $1,700,552 58
Fire. Marine.
Ts,*Ke« ?° C r . rr e < !.. d ".!^-- t he ni3,59S 02 $245,873 96
jjkr ..-•■•• ■• I" 13, 596 02 $24'
Risks and Premiums. IFire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ-
ten during the year...: $167,331,860 33
v pt amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 153,219,278 1.943,093 76
Net amount in force De-
cember 31. 1597 195,556,640 2,312,172 55
"~~~ Marine • -
Risks and Premiums. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ-
" ten during the year.... $65,031,0201 $514,678 63
Net amount of risks ex- ..-.,'2,
plred during the year.. 62.535. 102 i 483,146 06
Net amount in force De- " ,„ "''
cemher 31, 1897 1 6,227,774 126,670 59
\VM. J. DUTTON, Vice President.
BERNARD FAYMONVILLE. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me thl3 15th
day of January. IS9S. M. M. RHORER.
Deputy Insurance Commissioner.
TLjP favorite
IRESCRIPTION
I M FOR WEAK WOMEK.
. IA/. X. HESS. ,
, HOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY- LAW,
Tenth Floor, Koom 1015, Claus Spreckels, Bldg.
. Telephone Brown • 331. - .-.
■ Residence, ; 821 California St., below Powell,
San Francisco.THREATEN
TO BLOCK THE
LEGISLATURE
State Printing Office to Be Used
to Prolong the Senatorial
Fight.
Plot of Politicians to Checkmate the Board
of Examiners and Clog Organization
of the Incoming State Gov
ernment.
The Legislature is threatened at its ap
proaching session with a serious complica
tion that is without precedent in the his
tory of the State. There are grave fears
that the organization of the Assembly
and the Senate will bo delayed for at
ten days after the day set by law. It is
known that certain prominent m^mbt-rn
of the uppper House are encouraging this
threatenend delay In order that they may
succeed in certain schemes in reference
to the United States Senatorial election.
The business of the Legislature is to be
d( laved, the wishes of State officers, who
desire to expedite official business are to
be opposed and the people of California
are to be burdened with thousands of dol
lars of useless expense in order that a few
politicians, whom chance has made
legislators, shall exercise the unwarranted
power to do a little petty poHti< s.
This official and unexpected dilemma
\risen over the closing of the State
Printing Office. It should not be under
d however, that either Siate Printer
A. J. Johnston, or Governor Budd is ever,
countenancing the plot that Is on foot to
paralyze the energies of the Legislature
and make the State government ridicu-
In the eyes of its people. When the
true condition of affairs was discovered,
Governor Budd and State Printer John
buried whatever personal quarrel
may have had, forgot their political
:■ nces and as public officers— ore a
crat and the other a Republican—
fht to save the State government from
redicament into which It has been
;
Because the State Printing Office is
closed the Legislature of this State can
not be rmally organized. The lav pro
vides that certain preliminary printed
matter must be supplied to both houses
before they can attempt the orderly trans
action of official business. There must. In
the nrst place, be printed roll calls.
Bills must be printed. or they
cannot legally b< considered. Re
ports must be furnished in print
ed form. Messages and official docu
ments must be sent to the Governor tn the
came shape prescribed by laV. The print
ing office is at the opening of the Legis
lature a most essential adjunct, uut the
State Printing Office is closed.
This is the dilemma that faces the I.eg- j
i.a'tature, and it is the condition *>t affairs j
Hr which a few politicians are taking .id
vantage in order that the organization of j
the Legislature may be delayed, and with j
it the election of a United States Senator.
It la not necessary to be explicit in telling
why certain members of the Legislature
seek to postpone the election of a Federal
Senator. The longer such a contest is on
at icramento the better certain legisia
tors are pleased. The affair in this as
pect has created a great deal of comment.
A few •ys ago it was seen that some
thing must be done at oncu or State busi
ness would be paralyzed. It was argued
that an appropriation could be ordered
after the Legislature organized, but there
is doubt that even this can be done, as an
appropriation bill must be printed.
Friends of both administrations inter
vened to see what possibly could be done.
The merits of Governor Budd' 8 action in
closing the State printing office by cutting
off the entire appropriation were not dis
cussed, as they were not pertinent.
Those who sought to secure a confer
ence between Governor Budd and State
Printer Johnston were interested only In
expediting public business and saving the
State from ridicule and expense. After
some discussion Governor Budd and State
Printer Johnston agreed to mccl and
consider the situation. They both neces
sarily were of the opinion that the State
Office must be opened at least ten
days before the opening of the Legis
lature or organization could not formally
be made. If this were not done the busi
ness of the Legislature would be delayed
unnecessarily for ten days.
Under these circumstances Governor
Budd agreed to audit, as Governor and aa
a member of the State Board of Examin
ers all bills necessary for the printing of
caDers and documents needed in the or
ganization of the Legislature. State
Printer Johnston promised to open the
State Printing Office and to order Uie
printing of certain material that was to
bTKfated in a bill of items. With that
understanding the conference closed. It
was understood as a matter of course
that the indorsement of the entire Board
of Examiners should be obtained to this
P °Under the State laws, it is claimed, the
c tn tc Board of Examiners has no ngnt
to audit a deficiency bill where no original
appropriation has been made and demand
the State Legislatur.- to sanction it and
order the money paid. The Legislature
has full discretion, however and even
without the indorsement of the Board of
Fxaminers could order the money paid.
In this instance, where the expense was
to be incurred solely for the benent ol the
I ecislature. to expedite its business, give
rfienlty to Its organization and effect to
ir<? actions, every one interested agreed
that the demand of the State Printer
would be adopted promptly by the Legis
lai" |s absolutely necessary that the work
mu«t be done and it is a matter of the
worst public policy to have it done at a
time when public business will be delayed.
Since it must be done it is argued that it
should be done now. These arguments
fell on deaf ears when they were made to
certain members of the Legislature who
see rsonal advantage in a long contest
for the United States Senate.
After the conference between the Gov
ernor, the State Printer and friends of
both was over the indorsement of the re
maining members of the Board of Exam
iners was sought. Secretary of State
ouls H. Brown, recognizing the neces
sity of immediate action, at once promised
to "audit the demand of the State Printer.
It was seen that it is imperative to have
printed the reports of the State Controller,
the Board of Examiners, the State Treas
urer and the State Board of Prison Direc
tors These documents, with the mes
sages of Governor Budd and of Governor
elect Gage, must in printed form be sub
mitted to the consideration of the Legisla
ture For these reasons, so imperative
from the point of view of public policy,
Secretary of State Brown signed an order
authorizing the State Printer to proceed
at once to the printing of the necessary
papers, reports, documents and messages.
The third member of the Board of Ex
aminers, Attorney General W. F. Fitzger
ald was also seen. He at once signed the
order giving the State Printer the au
thority of the Board of Examiners to pro
ceed Governor Budd, as Governor and as
a member of the Board of Examiners, also
affixed his signature, and it seemed as if
State Printer Johnston needed nothing
further in the way of official indorsement
for the necessary work. ,
In order that there might be no mis
take in the matter the State Printer, the
Governor and his associates in the Board
of Examiners agreed upon the documents
that were to be printed. The list included
about 150 items, each one of which was
ordered by the examiners to be printed.
In the list as originally arranged, the re
port of the Prison Directors was omitted
and the report of the Senatorial Commit
tee on the Harbor Commission was in
eerted. This arrangement .was reversed.
I The Senatorial report was omitted and i
that of the Prison Directors inserted.
With this arrangement State Printer
; Johnston professed to be perfectly satis- :
! tied. He had held out until the signature !
of Attorney General Fitzgerald had been
obtained and the indorsement of the com
■ plete Board of Examiners was at his com
mand. When the Attorney General signed
: the order there appeared to be nothing
! more than to open the State Printing
Office. But Mr. Johnston balked.
He wa? i: t satl »fl d with his own agree
ment and sought the advice of outside at
t torneys— Devlin & Devlin. These attorneys
, gave the State Printer a long opinion, in
' which they assured him that the State
1 Legislature had full power to pay the ex
'• pense that he would Incur in opening the
j State Printing Office at this time and
' printing the documents that are an abso
j lute necessity to the organization of the
i Senate and the Assembly and the conduct
|of public business. More than that. Mr.
j Johnston was assured by his private at
i torneys that there Is a moral obligation
I on the part of the Legislature to pay the
j money he would expend. In a printed
j opinion, submitted by Devlin & Devlin, to
the State Printer, the attorneys say: "We
have no doubt but if the Legislature
should appropriate money to pay an in
; debtedness created by the Board of Ex
aminers the appropriation would stand
j and be valid."
With this opinion to support him— with
I the Governor, the Secretary of State and
i the Attorney General to authorize him.
! and with a clear understanding that ac
i tlon is a matter of good public policy — Mr.
j Johnston refuses to act. In order that
i there might be no misunderstanding State
j Printer Johnston received the following
: official letter from the Secretary of the
| State Board of Examiners:
j A. J. Johnston. State Printer: The author
! ization to open the State Printing Office was
'• plven to facilitate the work of the eg stature,
i and the Fame could be paid for legally by an
| appropriation of the Legislature, as stated by
j your attorneys, Devlin & Devlin. «'
If, under the circumst you decline to
i perform the work, aftt-r authorization by this
! board, that is a matter which r--st¥ entirely
! with you. EPH GORMAN.
retary of the State Board oi Examiners.
But still Mr.- Johnston refuses to open
| the ate Printing Office, and he givs his
j reason. He declares that certain promi
| nent members of the incoming Legisla
; W.re have told him that they will not ,l
low the expense that will be Incurred.
Their reason for retarding public business
! and bringing discredit upon themselves
j s nil their party is that they may reap
I whatever advantage there may be In a
f prolonged contest for United States Sena
tor. It is an old trick of dishonest legis
j lators to extend such a contest as long as
I possible. There are financial and other
| reasons for this action, but it is seldom
j that even petty politicians will place
j themselves and their honor so conspicu
| ously on the auction block. The busi
j ness community of this State has never
taken kindly to the length of legislaive
#e«=slons. Business men and merchants
have always been restless in anticipation
of the biennial meeting at Sacramento.
This unrest has changed to disguest. now
that it is shamelessly proclaimed that cer
; tain legislators intend even to clog the
i machinery of government to attain ihe.r
dishonest tnos.
HAMILTON LEWIS
DECLARES FOR PROGRESS
The Washington Congressman Does
Not Join Democrats Who Op
pose Expansion.
CHICAGO. Dec. IS.— "The Democratic
party must be a progressive party, and
not a party of mere obstruction, if it
would retain the confidence of the peo
ple of this country," said Congressman
James Hamilton Lewis of Washington
at the Auditorium Annex to-day. To
gether with Mrs. Lewis the Congress
man is on his way to Washington.
"I am a Democrat," he continued,
"but I do not feel I can act with my
party if it places itself in opposition
to the policy of expansion on which the
country has embarked. But I do not
believe a majority of the Democratic
members of the House can be whipped
into line to oppose this policy.
"The $20,000,000 payment clause in the
peace treaty I do not favor, but I do
not consider that sufficient reason for
opposing th^ whole instrument, which
I believe will be ratified."
WAS A BELLE IN
JACKSON'S TIME
Mrs. Mary Tutt Throckmorton Killed
by Accidentally Inhaling
Gas.
WASHINGTON, Dec. Mrs. Mary
Tutt Throckmorton, who In her early life
was a leader In society here, died to-night
from the effects of Inhaling illuminating
gas which escaped by accident in her
room. She was SS year^ of age.
In the beginning of Jackson's second
term as President. Mrs. Throckmorton,
then Miss Tutt. made her debut In the
executive mansion. Martin Van Buren
was one of the girl's admirers and her
reported engagement to him was one of
the society rumors of the capital.
Major Charles B. Throckmorton, re
tired, her only son, arrived here to-day
from N»-w York. The latter's daughter,
Josephine Holt Throckmorton, was the
legatee under the famous alleged will of
the late Judge Joseph Holt, afterward
declared a forgery.
TRAIN ARRIVES AT KUSK.
New Railway Nears the Capital of
Afghanistan.
LONDON*. Dec. 18.— The St. Petersburg
correspondent of the Times says that the
tlrst train from Merv, Russian Turkestan,
300 miles southeast of Lahiva, arrived on
Friday last at Kusk, In the Jamshldi
province of Afghanistan, the line thus
being completed to within ninety-five
miles of Herat.
Bryan Goes to Washington.
NEW YORK, Dec. 18.— Colonel William
J. Bryan left for Washington on the mid
night train, after spending the day with
friends.
»
Hold-Up in a Depot.
BUTTE, Mont., Dec. 18.— A lone high
waymen walked Into the Butte. anaconda
and Pacific depot here to-night, held up
the ticket seller at the point of a revolver
and retreated with $300 in cash.
King Oscar II 111.
LONDON, Dec. 19.— The Copenhagen
correspondent of the Daily Mall says King
Oscar II of Sweden and Norway has been
suddenly taken 111 and Is now confined to
,bis bed...,.-. --*—
THE SAX FKAS CISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1893.
PRESIDENT
BUSY EVEN
ON SUNDAY
Attends Divine Serv- ■
ice at Savannah.
SPEAKS TO NEGRO STUDENTS
j
AND VISITS THE CAMP OF THE
SEVENTH AivllY CORPS.
Members of the Cabinet, Particularly
Secretary Alg-sr, Also Inspect
the Condition of the
Soldiers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAVANNAH, Ga., Dec. Notwith
standing this was supposed to be a day \
of rest with the Presidential party, it
was, as a matter of fact, filled with ln
i terest and activity. The day was an \
! ideal one.
Though they had sat late to the ban- j
quet last night — it was near 2 o'clock
when General Wheeler delivered his de
lightful peroration to "Woman"— the ;
j President and accompanying members
,of his Cabinet arose to breakfast at
about the usual hour, and later they
separated to attend divine services.
President McKinley attended church
at the Wesley Monumental Methodist
\ Church. Mrs. McKinley did not ac
company him. She is suffering: from a
' slight cold -tnd remained in the hotel. !
I Her indisposition, however, does not
amount to real illness and this after- j
noon she was able to taKe a carriage j
ride about the city.
The President was met at the door of
i the church by leading members of the
congregation, who escorted him to the
■ pew reserved for him. As he entered
the congregation arose and remained
standing until he had taken his seat.
The sermon was by Rev. John A.
Thompson, D.D. There was no refer
ence to the distinguished presence
ing the service, beyonu an invocation
by the preacher for divine guidance
I for the President during the crisis
| which now confronted the country.
| Secretary Alger and General Shafter
attended the First Presbyterian
Church, and after the service held an
informal levee in the aisles, many oer
sons crowding around them to shake
hands and bid them welcome.
General Joseph Wheeler and Secre
tary Wilson attended the First Bap
tist Church. After the service they
shook hands with several hundred per
sons.
Secretary Long attended St. John's
Episcopal Church, and Secretary Smith
: the Independent Presbyterian. They
also were greeted by many members
i of the congregations.
After dinner the President visited the :
! Georgia Agricultural Medical Collece
J (colored), where he delivered an ad- .
dress. The route to the college took
the President through the camp of the
Seventh Army Corps and, going: and )
coming, he stopped at the camp for a i
brief inspection and to speak words of
appreciation and encouragement to the
men. Secretary Alger and General
Shafter also visited the camps.
Secretary Alger paid more attention ;
' to the camp than any other member of
the party. He went through several
of the regimental villages from head
' quarters to kitchens and made a crlt- |
ical examination. He also visited the
hospital of the First Division, where
he spoke kindly to the sick men and i
made inquiries into their wants and
how they were supplied. After his trip
he expressed himself as very much j
gratified with the camp and the work i
i of the State hospital corps.
Postmaster General Smith. General
j Shafter and the newspaper correspond
! ents with the Presidential party were
I the guests of the officers of the Third
; Battalion, Third Georgia Regiment, at !
i the camp this afternoon. An oyster ;
I dinner was served. Postmaster General
j Smith made a short address, during the
! course of which he paid a high tribute i
j to the press for its Integrity.
General Shafter made an impromptu
, conversational talk to the men assem
' bled, which was full of sugerestiveness
| and at once placed the general in touch
i with all of his hearers. After dinner
i the party made an inspection of the
! camps. Without exception the visitors
i pronounced the arrangements excel
lent.
The members of the visiting party
: spent the evening in the parlors of the
; hotel until the time came for them to
j depart for Macon, for which place their
I train left at midnight. On the way to
; the depot the President was greeted
with hearty cheers, as indeed he has
been every time he has come within
sight during his visit here.
M'KINLEY HAS WON
ALL SOUTHERN HEARTS
of the President and his party to
Savannah ended to-night after two
days 01 remarkable displays of en
thusiasm. Although to-day was sup
posed to be a day of rest, the I 1I 1
dent attended two public functions and
received ovations. But far above the
importance of the receptions to-day
and the receptions already reported is
the fact that the original object of
President McKlnley*s visit has been en
tirely lust sight of. The unprecedented
outbursts of loyalty to the Union have
completely overshadowed the reioicine
over the peace with Spain, though par
ticipation in the latter was the avowed
object of the President's Southern trip.
To thoroughly explain what is going
on in the South to-day, it is necessary
to not only record the continuous en
thusiasm and hospitable receptions, but
also to recount the causes that have
made the trip so remarkable. In all
the speeches and in all the demonstra
tions which have marked the Presi
dent's visit to Atlanta, Tuskegee. Mont
gomery and Savannah, there has been
the tacit admission that the war with
Spain was the great factor in achiev
ing the result, but it is to the result and
not to the factor that the chief trend
of speech-making and of enthusiasm
has lent itself. Political influences seem
to play no part In the reception of
President McKinley. On all sides there
is an eagerness to publicly express the
loyalty of the Southern States and to
admit that the war with Spain not
only helped to weld the compact of the
sections, but gave to the South the
opportunity to express sentiments of
loyalty that have long lived, but which
have lacked opportunity of expression,
and this has been done chiefly by Dem
ocrats, most of whom fought for the
starß and bars, and to all of whom the
name of Davis Is a sacred memory.
The frank references -to -and the dis
cusslon of the civil war have led to
many delicate situations that were only
saved from becoming irritating dilem
mas by the tact of a President who
fought against Southern troops, or by
the graceful utterances of the Confed
erate who years ago opposed him on
the battlefield. The marvelous scenes
of an audience In the old Confederate
capital cheering the atara and stripes
until they grew hoarse, of Confederate ]
veterans struggling to grasp the hand [
of a Northern Republican President: of j
General Wheeler leading the people of
his State in cheers for William Mc-
Kinley in the place where Jefferson
Davis once urged the South to fleht
for separation, are all redeemed from
the suspicion of fulsomeness or the
faint praise of politicians by the blunt
truthfulness of the men who led in
these new and tremendously fervent
declarations of loyalty. Governor John
ston of Alabama said at Montgomery:
"We of the South have nothing to re
gret, except our dead," but he at once
' went on to say that he rejoiced in the
United States. With a strong accent ;
| on "United."' and if any man now said. '<
| "'ls Alabama loyal to the Union?" he j
asked an absurd question, because Ala
bama's loyalty had been proven by i
, Wheeler and Hobson, and there wer* ;
' hundreds of other Wheelers and Hob- :
: sons in Alabama ready to give eaual ;
I proof of Alabama's glad fealty to the
Union. ■ I
Such utterances as these have marked .
the trip with more frequency than it
has been possible to report. On the i
part of the former Confederates who
have made addresses of welcome to j
President McKinley there has been no
eleventh hour confession of sin. In j
substance they have all said that they
fought for what they then thought was
! right; that they neither blame them
selves nor their dead fathers or sons
for enlisting in the cause of the Con
federacy; but that they accept to-day;
i the changed conditions with a gladness ;
I and sincerity they never felt until the [
war with Spain knit the nation into a
common cause and. until a Republican;
i President urged the people of the North ;
! and South to honor the Confederate .
, dead. In the latter reason lies the main
incentive to the intense and almost un- |
expected enthusiasm with which the
Presidential party had been greeted j
i since Mr. McKinley"? first speech in At- j
lanta. Scarcely a speaker or a paper
In Alabama or Georgia has made refer- j
ence to the President without mention- !
ing on every occasion his tribute to the j
' Confederate dead. A distinguished
; Southerner said to a correspondent:
"There have been many reunions of i
i North and South on paper and in ;
i speeches. These were well meant, but
they signified little, because neither
side had given in to the other on the
principles that they fought over. This
suggestion of the President to care for
our dead is the first practicable evl- j
dence given to the South that the
North really means what it says, and
It has touched our hearts more than i
we can say. Coming as it does upon
the heels of tlu> war with Spain, which
' gave to the South the chance to prove
her loyalty, this utterance of the Presi
dent enables us to say not only that wo
: are true to the Union, but for the first
time that we love it."
This utterance represents a host of
public and private speeches that have
; been made since the arrival of the
Presidential party in th>> South. It is
th»- consensus of various opinions ex
pressed to the correspondent by State
officers and citizens of Georgia and
'. Alabama, nearly all of whom are op
i to the President in politics, but
who have ed him right gladly
in his capacity of chief executive and
who have given vent to wild enthusi
asm over his : regarding the
Confederate dead. In 'his way what
was planned to be ;< celebration of the
i peace with Spain has become almost
entirely a genuine practical ratification
' of the peace between North and South.
I epoch-making in its significance, thrill
: ing in its details and pathetic in the
countless memories that it awakens.
THE PRESIDENT'S WORDS
TO THE COLORED PEOPLE
SAVANNAH. Ga., Dec. IS.— The feat
ure of the President's day was his visit
to Georgia Agricultural and Mechanical
College. This is an institution for col
ored persons supported by the State of
| Georgia. Its president is R. R. Wright,
colored, who was recently appointed by
President McKinley as a paymaster in
the volunteer army, with the rank of
major, but who has resigned and re
turned to the school. There were no
elaborate exercises connected with of
r, but who has resigned and re
d to the school. There were no
rate exercises connected with his
visit. The pupils were gathered in the
chapel. Mr. McKinley was introduced
by the president of the college. He
j said:
"Fellow citizens: I have be«n profoundly
■ impressed with this scene and 1 have been
deeply touched with the eloquent words
and the exalted sentiments which have j
been uttered by the gentleman whom you
delegated to speak in your behalf. It
gives me cullar pleasure to meet you i
and to greet y ou in -this institution of
learning presided over by one whom I
have known for more than twenty years i
' and whom I have come to admire and re
spect as one of the splendid leaders of
your race. I congratulate him and all as
sociated with him in the good work done
here for the exaltation of your race. I
congratulate all of you upon the splendid ]
advance made by you in the last third of
a century. You are all entitled to praise
and to high commendation, which I am
sure you receive from your white !
fellow citizens in this and every part |
of the country. i congratulate you upon i
your acquirement of property. Many of ■
: your race have large properties on the
tax lists in the several States, and in that |
way contribute proportionately to the I
support of the Government. 1 congratu- !
late you upon what you have done in |
learning and the acquirement of useful ■
> knowledge, on the fact that there is not i
i a foot of ground beneath the ria.g of Stars |
and Stripes where every boy and girl, \
white or black, cannot have an education !
1 to tit them for the battle of life. Keep on
is the word I would leave with you to
day. Keep on in the efforts upward, but
remember that in acquiring knowledge
'• there Is one thing as important as that,
and that is character. Nothing in the
i whole wide world Is worth so much, will
last so long and serve Its purpose so well
>as good character. It Is something that i
! no one can take from you, that no one can I
give to you. You must acquire it for j
yourself.
"There Is another thing. Do not forget
j the home. The home is the foundation of
good individual life and organized govern
ment. Cultivate good homes, make them
pure and sweet, elevate them and other
good things will follow. I congratulate
you that this institution is not only look
ing after the head, but after the hand. I
congratulate you that -it is not only mak
ing orators, but good mechanics. It is
better to b*e a skilled mechanic than a
poor orator or an indifferent preacher.
(Great applause.) In a word, each of you
must want to be the best in whatever
you undertake. Nothing in the world
commands more respect than skill and
industry. Every avenue is open to It.
"I congratulate you upon the splendid
valor of your race. My friend, the Presi
dent, has made an allusion in his speech
to what many years ago I said in a pub
lic address. I told of a white colonel who
had delivered the flag of our country to
his black color sergeant and said to hinv
'Sergeant, I place in your hands this
sacred flag. Fight for It; yes, die for it;
but never surrender it to the hands of an
enemy.' That black soldier, with love
of country and pride In his heart, an
swered: 'I will bring the flag back, col
onel, in honor, or report to God the reason
why.' In one battle, in carrying that flag
of freedom, he was stricken down. He
fell with the folds of that flag wrapped
about him. bathed in his blood. He did
not bring it back, but God knew the rea
son why. He did all he could, all any
man could do. He gave his heart's blood
for that flag. At San Juan Hill and at
El Caney— but General Wheeler is here.
(Great applause.) I know he can is here,
•eat applause.) I know he can tell you
better than I can of the splendid heroism
of the black regiments which fought side
by side with the white troops on that
historic field. Mr. Lincoln was not far
from right when, speaking of the black
men, he said: 'The time will come when
they will help to keep the jewel of liberty
in the hands of the human race," and in
a i third of the century since ■ you \ have
helped to give liberty in Cuba .to an. op-
jpepple.. I leave yritb. you this one
•word, 'keep on.' You will solve your
own problem. Be patient. Be progressive.
Be honest. Be God-fearing and you will
win, lor no effort falls that has a stout,
honest, earnest heart behind it.
At the conclusion of the President's
speech "America" was sung by all
present, with possibly more vigor and
spirit than harmony. General Joseph
Wheeler was introduced as "the hero
of Santiago." He was given an ova
tion which lasted for several minutes.
He spoke briefly of the hope and glory
of the country and of the efforts which
were being made by both white and
colored people to secure educations.
After General Wheeler's speech he was
applauded for several minutes.
Secretary Gage also spoke. He said
that he had not fully realized until this
trip South that there was any such
thing as a negro problem, and that it
was of such widespread proportions.
What he had seen, however, had opened
his eyes. There was such a problem,
and it was a very serious one. How
ever, the information derived by him at
Tuskegee and at the school which he
was addressing has led him to believe
the true solution of' the problem has
been found, and that it lay in the in
dustrial education of the colored youth.
on plans that were being worked out at
the institutions named.
Returning from the college. the
Presidential party passed through the
camp of the Indiana regiment, which
is to embark for Cuba on the transport
Minnewaska to-morrow mornin^. The
President graciously wished the offi
cers and men godspeed and a safe re
turn.
SHAFTER EVIDENTLY
DOESN'T LIKE CUBANS
SAVANNAH, Ga., Deo. 18.— At the
collation of the officers of the Third
Georgia Regiment to Postmaster Gen
eral Smith and the newspaper corre
spondents this afternoon General Shaf
ter had some interesting things to say
about Cuba and the Cubans. He did
not make a speech, but in a conversa
tional way expressed himself, his re
marks being nominally addressed to
Colonel Berner of the Georgians,
though they were intended fur the
whole assemblage.
"It seems to me," said General Shaf
ter, "that a great many persons have
an erroneous idea respecting our rela
tions with the Cubans. As 1 view it
we have taken Spain's war upon our
selves. We shall in all probability hear
a good deal more of the 'insurgents.' "
"How about self-government for the
Cubans?" General Shatter was asked.
"Self government," the general re
peated. "Why, those people are no
more fit for self-government than gun
powder is for hell."
In the same line General Shafter went
on to tell why the United States, in
his opinion, would be obliged to remain
in the island for some time and govern
the territory by military force.
JERNEGAN WISHES TO
RETURN FROM EUROPE
Makes a Peace Offering to the Elec
trolytic Marine Salt Com
pany.
MIDDLETOWX, Conn., Dec. IS.— lt is
stilted on the authority of a member of
the committee appointed to make an in
vestigation of the so-called Jernegan pro
"f extracting gold from sea water
that Rev. P. F. Jerneean, formerly of this
city, who is now in Brussels has actually
sent to the directors of the Electrolytic
Marine Salt Company $7">.oiW in cash as a
sort of a peace offering preliminary to his
return to the United States with his fam
ily. Jernegan converted all his stock and
securities into cash previous to going
abroad, and it is nearly one-third of the
proceeds that he has returned.
A DISTINGUISHED
THEOLOGIAN DEAD
REV. W. H. PLATT SUCCUMBS TO
KIDNEY TROUBLES.
Short Sketch of a Busy Life Well
Spent — Some Important Publi
cations That Won Him
Fame. '
Horace G. Platt, the distinguished at
torney of this city, was yesterday ap
prised of the death of his father. Rev.
\V. H. Platt, who passed away in his
country home at Petersburg, Va. Death
was the result of kidney trouble, but the
famous theologian's end was hastened by
the sudden taking off of his wife three
weeks ago.
The news of his father's demise has
been a severe one to Mr. Platt and his
brothers, occurring, as it did, so soon
after the death of their mother. Dr. i
Platfs last hours were comforted by the
presence of two of his children, E. C.
Piatt, treasurer of the Postal Telegraph
Company, and Mrs. a. w. Kent of New
; York, who was formerly Miss Nina Platt
lof this city, a reigning belle. Besides the
three children already mentioned, Dr.
Platt leaves two more to survive him.
They are John M. Platt. treasurer of the
California Wine Association, and Charles
W. Platt, who is connected with Wells,
i Fargo & Co.'s Bank.
The deceased was known personally and
! by reputation in this State and through
i out the East. He was at one time a res
ident of this city, and officiated as rector
i of Grace Episcopal Church, corner Cali
i fornia and Stockton streets, now presided
over by the Rev. R. C. Foute. While
; here he attracted marked attention
i through his brilliant pulpit orations and
! thougntful publications. He delivered a
I course of lectures at the Hastings J^aw
i College during his stay on the "Ethics of
| the JLaw," which were afterward pub
: iished in book form and had a wide clr
', culation..
The late Dr. Platt was a self-made and
Betf-edneated man. He was born in
Charon, N. V. . seventy-eight years at,'".
|At the age of 12 he went South and
j through hardship and under distressing
I circumstances he secured siis education.
: He gained his first start in life in Mobile,
i after he had been admitted to the bar.
Eating and sleeping in his little office,
I he waited for clients who never material
s ized, until through good fortune he was
I appointed to detenu a prisoner. Alter
| his eloquent argument on the prisoner's
i behalf, clients were not wanting and the
! tide of ill-fortune turned. He was law
; partner of Governor Peter Burnett of this
| State, who then resided in Mobile, and he
was afterward appointed District Attor
ney of Alabama. He married Miss Cuth
burt, daughter of Judge Cuthburt. who
was at that time Congressman from Ala
bama.
Through the loss of a favorite brother
and nine hours' exposure in the waters of
Mobile Bay, due to shipwreck, his
thoughts turned to the ministry. His first
charge was at Selma, Ala., and In 1858 be
moved to Petersburg. Va., taking the of- I
lice of rector of St. Paul's Kpiseopal
Church. He remained there during the
war, and in 1865 moved to Louisville. Ky.,
and acted as rector of Calvary Church.
In 1572 he came to this city. He was at
the head of Grace Church until ISSI. when
he left for Rochester. N, V., remaining in
that city until IS9I. when he retired. He ;
then traveled through Europe, and on his i
return took up residence at his old home
In Petersburg, Va., whence he will be
borne to his last resting place.
Dr. Platfs principal worn has been as
an author. During his visit in Europe he '
studied art, and on his return he published
a text book on Ruskin. Other works have
followed rapidly. In ISB3 he made a learned
reply to Ingersoll in a book entitled "God i
Out'and Man In." Other important theo
logical works followed, as did also a j
novel and some widely printed poetry. The
poetry Horace G. Platt intends collecting
and printing in book form within a short
time.
The deceased was a member of the vet
erans of the Mexican War Society and
was a high member in the Masonic oraer.
The news of his death will be received
with regret by all who knew him, as he
was a genial and a lovable man.
Postage on the Holiday Edition of
The Call is: Domestic, ■3 [ cents; For
eign, 6 cents, *"*•«»'
ADVERTISEMENTS. (
C Brokers chew %
I riper rieidsieck |
m Plug Tobacco %
|£ ''on the board/ It helps them hold -Taj
Iff on until the right moment! It is a m»
Jf perfect chew— pleasant and satisfying. ®
Just a nip of it now and then gives &
>| nerve to busy business men. {J|
I CHAMPAGNE FLAVOR, f
DISASTER TO
THE CRUISER
CINCINNATI
Warship Strikes on
a Rock.
WAS GOING AT FULL SPEED
ACCIDENT OCCURS IN SANTIAGO
HARBOR.
Collier Southery and the Mayflower
Fail in Bepeated Attempts
to Float the
Vessel.
Special DißD&tch to The Cali.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Dec. 18.—
While the United States cruiser Cin
cinnati was leaving port at about sun
set yesterday she ran full speed upon
a rock clearly defined in the charts, but
not buoyed. Last September General
Leonard Wood, considering that the ab
sence of a buoy there might lead to
some accident, anchored a small one.
the first ever placed there, but the
Bessie, on entering the harbor one
night, carried it away, and since then
there has been no buoy to mark the
location of the rock. The Cincinnati
probably is not seriously damaged, as
she is not making water. For the last
twenty hours the Government collier
Southery and the Mayflower have been
engaged in an effort to pull her off.
Thus far they have been unsuccessful,
but it is hoped they will have better
luck to-night at high tide. The princi
pal risk now is of tearing a hole in
the cruiser's bottom while hauling her
off.
Captain C. M. Chester, the cruiser's
commander, insists that the landmarks
are in the wrong places and have not I
been altered in any way since the Am
erican occupation. Pilots are not com
pulsory upon the entrance of warships,
but the Santiago harbor is difficult and
a warship should invariably take one.
Hereafter a large buoy will mark the
rock upon which the Cincinnati struck.
It now turns out that the man who
was shot here Friday morning by a
Cuban negro after landing from a
schooner hailing from Baracoa. was
not, as at first supposed, Celesto Rod
riguez, the guerrilla, but a merchant
from Baracoa. who had come here to
purchase supplies. The assumption is
that th^ crime was committed for the
sake of robbery.
From Firrmsa. a town which is vir
tually the property of the Juraeua
Iron Company, comes a report that the
alcalde has been attacked and stabbed
with a machete and that there has
been another stabtiing affray at Bai
qulri. Although these affairs are prob
ably mining camp rows, the authori
ties now feel compelled to police those
places, which heretofore has been un
necessary owing to the fact that a
majority of the workmen were Spanish
soldiers and under military discipline.
The arrival of the news that the
United States Senate had confirmed
the nomination of General Wood as a
major general was the occasion for
general rejoicing here. General Wood
was at El Morro examining the im
provements, and got his first intima
tion when the Punta Gorda battery
fired a major general's salute. The
bells In the cathedral and churches
were rung, the civic band played for
several hours and in the crowded cafes
and clubs there were toasts and cheers
in honor of the military governor.
A round of receptions has been ar
ranged and a public banquet planned.
Gordon Memorial College.
: LONDON, - Dec v 18.— The Rome corre
respondent of ■, the Daily Mall says he
learns • thafr-^h»-Duka. ofi^Connauffht- yrUl
go to Khartoum a? the representative of
the Queen to lay the foundation stone of
the Gordon Memorial College to be erect
ed there under the direction of Lord
Kitchener for the Instruction of Soudan
ese youth.
EVERYTHING AMERICAN
PRAISED BY MORI
Japanese Naval Commander Talks of
This Country and the Recent
War.
SEATTLE, Dec. 18.— Commander Ichibel
Mori, who has arrived here from Japan
•with a number of seamen, -will shortly
leave for San Francisco to take charge
of the cruiser Chitose.
The commander has an Intense admira
tion for everything American. He says
the policy of expansion which has been
adopted by the United States receives the
most cordial support of the Japanese.
They had long looked with sympathetic
eyes at the oppressions heaped upon the
natives of the Philippines by Spain and
were glad when the strong arm of Com
modore Dewpy put an end to them.
Another cause of their favor is that the
islands now probably will be opened to
commerce, furnishing a new and im
portant field for traffic of all nations, one
of the most important of which, on ac
count of the accessibility of the Malayan
markfts. will be Japan.
Captain Mori believes that the United
States is entitled to the islands, not only
for reasons of humanity, but as the legit
imate fruits of a victorious war. It
would be preposterous, he says, to seri
ously thinK for a moment of returning
them to Spain.
The American methods of warfare were
critically studied during the recent con
flict, and Japan will adopt many of the
improvements which were demonstrated
to be feasible. In the meantime, the
building of the new navy will go on as
planned at the end of the war with
China, and a considerable portion of fu
ture contracts for warships will be let to
American firms, he says. One of the prin
cipal reasons of this, aside from the su
perior workmanship, will be that the
United States is nearer to the home coun
try so that the vessels can be taken
across the Pacific without the long voy
age through the Suez Canal or around the
Cape of Good Hope.
GENERAL CLOUS NIPS
A SPANISH "JOB"
Prevents the Letting of a Sewer Con
tract in the City of
Havana.
HAVANA, Dec. 18.— General Clous
called on General Castellanos this even
ing to bring to the latter's notice tha
action of the Havana municipality in
attempting to hastily negotiate, during
the last days of Spain's control, a sewer
contract involving the city in an in
debtedness of millions of dollars.
The project underlying the contract
was approved by the municipality last
Friday without sufficient examination,
and the contract was to have been
executed at the next meeting of tha
council to-morrow morning.
General Castellanos expressed his
surprise, asserting that he had received
no previous intimation of the contem
plated action, and thanked General
Clous for informing him regarding: a
proposal which was entirely without his
sanction and opposed to his directions
and desires. He promptly announced
that his secretary would inform tha
civil governor and the municiDal au
thorities that no contracts of this na
ture must be entered upon, and that
whatever had been done in this Una
must be annulled.
SIXTEEN LOCOMOTIVES
FOR CHINESE RAILWAY
Baldwin Works Completes the Second
Order for the Imperial
Line.
PHILADELPHIA. Dec. 18.— Thm
Baldwin Locomotive "Works has. with.
j in the last few days, received orders
for fifty-six locomotives, of which six
teen are for the Imperial Railway of
China, making the second order re
ceived from that country within ten
months.
A contract with the Reading Railroad
Company calls for twenty-five freight
engines and five switching engines of
the heaviest type ever operated on th»
system. They are to be specially
adapted for use in the subway. The
Chicago and Western has ordered ten
large freight engines, while numerous
small orders have been received from
railroads all over the country. In ad
dition to working day and night it haa
recently been found necessary to In*
-crease the force of men, at the worka, j
34
MONDAY DECEMBER 19, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F«
Telephone Main IS6B.
r DITORIAL ROOMS .217 to 2SI Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is !
served by carriers In thjis city and surrounding, towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month)
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One yecr. by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 903 Broadway j
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rlfcfcs House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
ERANCM OFFICES— S2T Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 337 Hayes street, ooen until
p:SO o'clock. 621 McAllister street, open uotll 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, cpen uotll 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
stteet, corner Sixteenth, cpen until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, cpen until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 930 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
Columbia— "A Parlor Match."
California— "O'Brien, the "Contractor."
Humbug."
Tivoli— "The Yellow Dwarf."
Morosco's— "L'ncle Tom's Cabin."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Comedy— "A 13unch of Keys."
The Chutes— Gorilla Man, Vaudeville and the Zoo.
Olympla — C irner Mason and Eddy street's, Kptrciaftles.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Charity Bazaar.
Ingleside Race Trark— It.ices To-day.
Hoppntlial Coming in December.
AUCTION SALEi.
By G. H. I'mbsen & Co.— Monday. December 19, at 12
o'clock, Iteul Estate, at 14 Montgomery st.
By ... inivan & Poyle— Wednesday. Dec. 21, at 327 Sixth street,
at n a. m.. Road Carts, Horses, etc.
(q COMMERCIAL f^NF^RE-
IT is rather difficult out here in California, where
trade is not particularly brisk, to realize that the
year 1898 is going out with Hying colors and a
record which will beat all previous exhibit?, but such
seems to be the case. The commercial statisticians of
the East are enthusiastic over it. It is largely a case of
figure.-, for taking the different lines of trade individu
al!} no especial activity is apparent, except in iron. But
the Government statement of exports and imports for
the first eleven months of the calendar year shows
that the exports of the United States amounted to
$1,117,681,199, exceeding the imports by $537,837,046,
r.n increase over the same period in 1897 of $143,026,
115. Dun's weekly review calls December a month
of surprises, and Bradstreet's says that "Likening the
general business of the country to that of a water
-c, it may be authoritatively stated that nearly
all the channels of seasonable trade are at the pres
ent running full and in some lines of business the
stream is virtually overflowing."
In point of activity the iron and steel trade leads
all others. In fact, at the present rate of progress
it will not be long ere the United States will be to
the iron trade what Great Britain lias been for dec
ades Already foreign countries are seeking our
markets for supplies, and the demand is now so great
that the mills are turning down orders right along.
The most recent instance of this is the refusal of
the Chicago mills to execute an order from the Rus
sian Government for 75,000 tons of steel rails to be
delivered at Vladivostock, because they are too busy
to fill it. Nothing like the present activity in iron
has been seen for years, if indeed, ever.
In other branches of business the signs are favor
able. During the past week there have been ad
vances in cotton, coffee, lumber, copper, lead and
almost all the cereals. Increased buying of cotton
at the advance is reported. The improved movement in
wool already noted still continues and large purchases
by the Eastern mills are reported, while many mills
long idle have started up. The exports of wheat and
corn from Atlantic ports are running very large,
those of corn being surprisingly so, and if it con
tinues it will result in enormous benefit to the West
ern farmers. In fact, it is our phenomenal export
trade in all classes of products which is exciting the
East, and well it may, for we are now sending away
liars' worth of goods for every dollars worth
we buy. Xo other country in Christendom is mak
ing such a record.
Business failures also continue to make a fine
showing, those last week amounting to 261, against
320 for the same week in 1897. The bank clearings
showed an increase of 2,3.4 per cent over the corre
sponding week last year. The distributive trade of
the country is fair, but is completely dwarfed by the
magnificent exhibit of the export trade.
Wall streets reflects the general prosperity by an
cnorni' gate of transactions in both bonds
and stock*, which has carried prices tor many to the
highest level of the year. The leading feature of the
week was the heavy buying for London account,
showing that the foreigners realize our prosperity
and are taking advantage of it.
I n California the situation has measurably im
proved during the past week, owing to the rain,
which, though not copious, was sufficient to give the
feed a frond start and break the long dry spell, which
was beginning to stagnate trade. Moist, foggy weath
er has followed the rain and given it a chance to
soak in. We need more rainfall, but will probably
get it, for the dry conditions seem pretty well broken
up.
The cereal markets have improved during the past
few nays. Wheat has scored a small advance owing
to reported damage- t" the Argentine crop, and all
the minor cereals except rye have shown a tendency
to ri c c The grape growers and winemakers have
been encouraged by the sale of 5.000.000 gallons of
red wine at i_ >i i(n 15c per gallon, and what is still bet
ter, a disposition on the part of the warring factions
in the trade to come together for the common good.
This means much to the State, as the vineyard inter
one of the most important..
The other local staples are about the same as they
have been for weeks. There is more activity in wool.
and about 1.000.000 pounds have been worked off
for shipment during the past fortnight. The meat
market has declined somewhat, but prices nre still
good. Farmers have been hampered of late for want
of advances for seed, as the money powers did not
feel like making any advances until rain made a bet
ter outlook for crops; but now that the rain has
ccme this condition ought to be changed. Country
((.I'c-ctions have been rather slower on this account.
hut the city collections have krnt up all right. Other
wise there is nothing new iti the local situation
The more gold strikes there are in Colorado the
deader will be the silver craj- .
THE ACME OF GALL.
A RECENT report of the transportation com
mittee of the Boston Associated Board of
Trade shows that the Expressman's League
has applied to the Board of Trade to take action
! toward inducing Congress to repeal that portion of
j the internal revenue tax law which imposes upon cx
l press companies a tax upon the shipments of mer
chandise.
It is not likely that the Boston Board of Trade is
the only association which the Expressman's League
j has endeavored to set to work in its scheme of fur
j ther tax-shirking. It has probably applied to similar
! bodies all over the country, and doubtless has a lobby
at Washington ready to swear that the people at large
I favor the repeal of the tax.
Recent experiences of the impudence with which
I the express companies have shifted their taxes upon
! the public show it is difficult to fix limits to the ex
! tent of their gall and tax-shirking rascality, but this
I petition seems like capping the climax. It is the
I very acme of gall. Possibly the league has in it a
! capacity for even further impudence in its rapacity
I than this, but until something new is revealed this
i must stand as the supreme effort of disloyal greed
tc rob the public and avoid its share of the cost of
: the war.
The express companies have never paid a dollar
of the revenue tax. They shifted the cost of the
i revenue stamps upon the public at the start, and are
even now fightirfg" from court to court every attempt
made to compel them to obey the law. Their dis
loyalty knows no limit.-. They would see our soldiers
Mar\e in the field, our navy lie idle and helpless for
lack of supplies, and the nation itself perish, before
they would pay one cent out of their swollen revenues
to the Government. By shirking, by lying, by cheat
ing and by bullying the public they will shift the tax
;r long as they can; and then ask Congress to repeal
tic :.i\ upon their business and increase it upon that
: of some one else.
The transportation committee of the Boston Board
of Trade has refused to single out "this one class of
business which is taxed by the new internal revenue
law" for relief; but it suggests that the law might
!>-■ improved by levying the tax upon the gross re
ceipts of the companies instead of upon shipments
c f merchandise. The plan might be a good one, if
any corporation less shifty and prevaricating than the
express companies were to be dealt with. A tax upon
their gross receipts, however, would simply impose
upon their officials the easy lie of swearing they have
no gross receipts. They could make that lie on Sat
urday and go to church on Sunday looking as sanc
timonious as they do now.
The present form of the tax is good enough. The
only thing needed is to provide a heavier penalty
upon the expressmen for their violation of it. If
: a few of the psalm-singing thieves in high office in
the companies were sent to the penitentiary for rob
bing the public and defrauding the Government, their
virtue might not be improved, but their gall would
be lessened and the public to that extent benefited.
NO MORE ROSSER FORCES.
IF the courts of California adjust themselves to the
feeling indicated by expressions of indignation
and disgust at the Rosser travesty, the present will
be the date of a new judicial epoch. There will be
from now on. a tendency to administer justice for the
laudable purpose of punishing and restraining crimi
nals, rather than for the purpose of bedecking them
with bouquets and sending them on their ways re
! joicing.
There were, aside from the display of maudlin wit
ilessness in the jury-box, features of the trial resulting
; in the absurdity of acquittal calling almost as mark
' edly as the jury for rebuke. The prosecution was
half-hearted. The deputy of the District Attorney
di-]ilayed only a moderate interest. The infection of
a misplaced sympathy had apparently touched and
ruddled him. The instructions of the Judge, read by
! another Judge, were given no more inflection nor ef
ii t than a bill being droned into the unlistening ears
1 o! a tired Legislature.
The instructions themselves, we think, laid greater
stress upon the possibility of the prisoner's having
been drugged than the evidence warranted. Other
soldiers who had drank an equal amount had re
tained their senses. They had killed no men nor at
tempted to kill any boys. If Rosser had been given
drugged liquor why was not the seller of it haled into
court? Why is he not now in jail? The probability
must be recognized that Rosser merely drank such
whisky as the dives afford.
Altogether, the trial, hollow, howling tearful pre
tense that it was, may be productive of good results.
The roar of protest against it is a healthy sign, and
a hint that this community will endure no more such
frauds. We do not accuse the jury of worse than
foohshne^, nor say Rosser was hurried out of the
service that the military authorities might have no
hold upon him. We have never said that the fact
I of the attorney for the defense, being father of the
District Attorney, a gentleman now too busy to at
tend to the duties of his office, had any bearing on the
laxness of the prosecution. We only say that such
1 j wanton turning awry of law and equity must not
occur again, for the people will have none of it. In
a =inccre though possibly crude theory which is dear
to them, they refuse to recognize the courts as sus
: taincd for the benefit of the criminal.
THE BRITISH IN EGYPT.
A CORRESPONDENT of the New York Sun
claims to have official authority for the state
ment that the recent activity in British naval
and military circles is due to an understanding be
tv. (tn Great Britain and the triple alliance that if the
British Government formally annexes Egypt to the
empire, Germany, Austria and Italy will support her
against any objection that may be made by Russia
and France. Upon this agreement, it is said,
the British are preparing to get rid of the in
ternational council in Egypt and are making their
navy ready for possible consequences.
It is hardly likely there will be any war over the
issue, notwithstanding the irritation caused in France
by the recent speech of Sir Edmund Monson. How
ever earnest the French jingoes may be in their de
sire to establish a colonial empire in Africa to rival
that of the British, they cannot accomplish it. The
lion that bars the way for them is more potent than
the British lion, even though that beast be backed by
the eagles of Germany and Austria. It is the lion of
natural law.
Official reports of the French population for the
year 1897. which have just been issued, show that the
total number of birthsVor the year was in round num
bers 850.000, as against 865.000 for the previous year.
This diminution in the birth rate has been going on
for years, and it is stated that the French population
contains a smaller number of men and women of
what are called able-bodied ages, namely, from 15 to
55 years in the case of men and to 45 in the case of
women, than it did thirty years ago.
With a population so diminishing at home it would
be the wildest folly on the part of the French to
THE SAJN" JfKAJN CISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 19^189*.
sacrifice their bravest men in an attempt to build up
a colonial empire. Territorial expansion is one of
the things France does not need and could not profit
by, even if the valor of her troops could attain it for
her.
As the case stands the British seem to have a free
way in Egypt. They have possession of the country,
they have the support of all the capitalists who own
Egyptian bonds, they have a swarming population
capable of furnishing adventurous pioneers to go into
the land and subdue it from Cairo to the Cape, they
have a navy strong enough to stand of? most of the
world, and, if it be true they have also the support
of the triple alliance, the end" is a foregone conclu
sion. It will hardly be necessary for the Salisbury
Government to make any change in the situation.
Egypt is theirs, and along with Egypt goes almost
everything else that is African.
THE MONTEREY PETITION.
BY the memorial addressed to the Governor set
ting forth the distress occasioned in some sec
tions of Monterey County by the prolonged
drought, a call for assistance has been made to which
the generous people of the prosperous portions of
the State will promptly respond. The extent of the
suffering and the amount of relief required should
be investigated without delay in order that help may
be given adequately and at once.
There have been frequent calls made upon the
general Government in cases of this kind, but these
have come from the people of the half arid plains of
Western Nebraska, Kansas and Texas, and from the
dwellers along the often submerged banks of the
Mississippi. From such regions a call for help was
not surprising, but there will be something of sur
prise if any section of California should come as a
petitioner to the Government.
Fortunately it is not at all likely there will be any
need to ask assistance from any source outside the
State. A good deal of railroad building is going on
in the vicinity of the drought-stricken section, and
that will provide work for the people and put money
into circulation. With the coming of rain, for which
the prospects are now good, the grass will revive and
afford plentiful pastures for stock. Finally the county
as a whole is fairly rich and prosperous, and there
will be a bountiful local aid to help the needy over
the hard times that have come upon them.
While all of these reasons tend to justify the belief
that the distress is not very extensive and will not
require any further help than can be given by private
generosity, the subject should not be ignored or put
aside. California has shown a great bounty to the
people of famine-stricken Russia and to the starv
ing, plague-stricken people of India. She should be
even more bountiful in ministering unto the needs
of her own citizens.
THE WASHINGTON CENTENNIAL.
A MOVEMENT has been started in Washing
ton to celebrate the centennial of the city,
which occurs in 1900, by the establishment of
some kind of permanent memorial to mark so his
torical an occasion. The President has warmly com
mended the plan and has recommended Congress to
appoint a committee to assist in the work. He has
also urged an appropriation for it.
The plan of celebrating the event by the erection
of a great memorial structure instead of by holding
an exposition, is a good one, for Washington has
comparatively little commercial and industrial ac
tivity to be benefited by an exposition, while its posi
tion as the capital of the nation and its general mag
nincence makes it well fitted as a site for monumen
tal architecture.
What form the memorial is to take has not yet
bten decided. There are certain to be plenty of sug
gestions. The supporters of the National University
scheme will of course suggest some notable struc
ture for that institution, and with good reason, for
as Washington urgently recommended the foundation
of such a university, it would be fitting to celebrate
the centennial of the city by dedicating a noble build
ing for its uses.
There is also a long standing demand for a state
lier home for the President. A more recent demand
is for a spacious building for the Department of Jus
tice and the Supreme Court. There is another for
a massive memorial bridge across the Potomac.
Washington, in fact, has, an abundant supply of
schemes for architectural improvements. It is possi
ble, however, the citizens would not be willing to
sacrifice any of these for the centennial memorial.
They may hope to get all of them and the memorial
"besides.
As a rule the whole nation is gratified with the
upbuilding of the national capital. If any well con
sidered plan is adopted for the proposed memorial,
Congress need not be parsimonious in appropriating
money for it, as the people will be sure to approve it.
But in the competition for the design the architects
and artists of all sections and States should have a
chance. It would be a subject of some historical note,
as an illustration of our development as a nation,
if the designer of the centennial memorial should be
a resident of the Pacific Coast.
THE Examiner is now engaged in calling W. J.
Bryan down on his attempt to connect the dead
issue of free silver with the living issue of im
perialism. Having bullied the country generally, it
now proposes to bully its own chosen leader. The
work is doubtless congenial and a fine corollary to
the alliance between the epileptic press and the bogus
Democracy.
The Examiner has great projects. It looks upon
the world as "a small ball of dirt," which could be
easily controlled by an American Napoleon. Sup
pose we try the experiment on a limited scale. The
man who offered $50,000 reward for the destroyer of
the Maine, who sent a Congressional commission to
Cuba to supervise the commission appointed by the
Government, and who wants to nail our flag to the
rotten tree of Spanish despotism, deserves some
recognition. Let us give him the Philippines and
allow him to start a little imperial hell of his own
under the gorgeous title of "Hearst the First." Then
he will have a fair chance for a "national policy,"
unhampered by the American constitution, and, if
he will only take with him the Examiner and the en
tire crew it directly represents, they can heal their
election sores and live on free silver, while the United
States plods along within its ancient limits as a con
tinental republic, sustained by white labor, paid in
gold.
Wine dealers are expressing their regret that an
adulterated article should have been sent to Mexico,
but by expressing no more such wine they can best
demonstrate that the regret is the outpouring of con
trite hearts.
In connection with some recent shipments from
this State a question has arisen as to the quality of
Mexican justice. Why not refer this to Dan Burns?
Our battleships seem to have their greatest dangers
to contend with in times of peace.
"HEARST THE FIRST."
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
B. L. Barney of Hanford is at the Lick.
State Senator Robert N. Bulla Is at the
Grand.
A. G. Gassen of San Diego is at the
Palace.
Dr. A. E. Osborne of Eldridge is at the
Grand.
G. G. Linen of New York Is at the Oc
cidental.
H. E. Richardson of Olympia, Or., Is
at the Russ.
J. E. Beard of Napa is a guest at the
California.
A. L. Nichols of Chico is registered at
the Grand.
Cnptain William "Whiting of Fresno is
at the Grand.
B. H. Land of New York is a guest at
the Palace.
C. O. Swanberg of Sweden is staying at
the Palace.
C. Jacob of Vlsalia is staying at the
Occidental.
F. H. Kennedy of Stockton is at the
California.
S. F. Smith of San Diego is a guest at
the California.
Banker C. H. Schriveley of Oroville is a
guest at the Grand.
P. Kirnln, a miner of Nevada, is a
guest at the Palace.
Frederick H. A very and wife of Peoria,
111., are at the Lick.
G. Cheever Hudson of New York is reg
istered at the Palace.
S. B. Hayden of New York and I. B.
Reed of Los Angeles are at the Palace.
Thomas Fox, Postmaster of Sacra
mento, is a guest at the Lick.
W. H. Forward. U. S. A., and Surgeon
J. D. Hall, U. S. A., are at the Occi
dental.
F. Temple Lynch, a prominent coffee
planter of Guatemala, is at the Occi
dental.
T. W. Woodford of New York, a well
known horseman, with his wife, is at
the Palace.
John Borenson of Arizona, who is con
nected with the Geographical Survey, is
at the Occidental.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Dec. 18.— David Sachs of
San Francisco is at the Savoy. J. P. Arch
ibald of San Francisco is at the Holland.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
Vlckers & Sons and Maxim at the Naval
Construction Works, Barrow, have work
to the amount of $17,500,000 In hand, chiefly
naval contracts.
The armament of the Gladiator class,
British cruisers, is to consist of ten 6-inch
quick-firing rifles, instead of four 6-inch
find six 4.7-lnch quick-firers as originally
designed.
The discontent of the crew on the Brit
ish battle ship Majestic has spread to the
Prince George, also in the Channel fleet.
Several of the tompions belonging to the
6-lnch quick firing guns have been lost,
presumably thrown overboard by the
crew.
The corrected time made by the Jap
anese cruiser Kasagi on her recent trial
over a course of 20 miles, run twice over,
was 23 knots up and 22M; knots down, giv
ing an average of 22^, knots. The revolu
tions ranged from 168 to 164. The Kasagi
was built by the Cramps and completed
within contract time.
At Schneider's yard at Chalons sur
Soane (a part of the Creuao" establish
ment) the following number of vessels are
under construction: Nine torpedo boats
of 24 knots and six of 21 knots, all for
the French navy; two screw boats for use
on rivers in Russia: two tugs of 1000
horsepower, and three floating dock-gates.
There are ten different caliber guns in
the British navy and It Is ap--ehended by
naval officers that one more will bo added
by the Admiralty. The calibers now on
board ships aro 16^-inch, 13& 12. 10. 9.2.
G, 5, 4.7, 4 and 3 inch. The new Run talked
of is one of 7 Inches and officers are op
posed to Its introduction. The above list
does not include the smooth-bore guns, of
•which there are still a number on the
older vessels.
Some very successful experiments have
been made at Fiume, on the Adriatic, with
an invention of an Austrian naval en
gineer for stopping vessels under way.
The Inventor claims that by the use of
his apparatus the way of a steamer going
at full speed can be instantly checked.
The experiments, which were made with
the Government steamer Clotilde, were
witnessed by representatives of the navy,
the Austrian Lloyd and other shipping
companies.
Experiments with mixed fuel, composed
of coal and petroleum refuse, have been
carried on in the French navy with the
Dunois torpedo gunboat of 898 tons, in
tended to make a speed of 23 knots. The
trials have not proved satisfactory, for
the consumption of the mixed fuel was
1.66 pounds against 1.61 pounds per horse
power per hour of coal alone. Another se
rious objection was the dense volume of
smoke made by the mixed fuel. The
horsepower reached as high as 11,000.
At the time of the Fashoda Incident the
supply of ammunition at Toulon naval
arsenal was so small that there was not a
sufficient quantity in the magazine for the
squadron in the Mediterranean. It Is also
stated by Le Yacht of November 12 that
on the Northern squadron the big guns on
the Redoubtable were without fittings,
making it impossible to fire these guns,
and that the Baudin and Formidable lack
some of their armor. A naval war with
Great Britain would most likely reveal a
condition of naval affairs In France as bad
as its army was found when war was de
clared against Germany In IS7O.
The Fleurus, a third-class cruiser in the
French navy. Is causing the authorities
much trouble. She was built at Cher
bourg In 1593, at a cost of $642,650, and is
of 1310 tons, 4000 horsepower and was to
steam 19 knots, but only reached 17.1 under
the most favorable conditions. Her ma
chinery was taken out in IS9C and new
engines and boilers put In. A trial took
place last month, when under natural
draught and 132 revolutions the vessel
reached 17.5 knots. As the Fleurus was
designed about eight years ago she is. In
addition to her failure in speed, a vessel
practically antiquated and of no use as a
war vessel.
Closed Sundays, Townsend's, Palace. •
Thousands of packages In V^, 1, 2, 3, 5
and 10 pounds of Townsend's California
glace fruits, 50 cents a pound; all ready
for shipping. Send your orders and we
can ship for you at reduced rates. 627
Market street. Palace Hotel. •
Bpeclal Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Moat
gouiery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Pasteur's -widow has taken up her
residence at the institution bearing her
husband's name, and is in receipt of a
pension of £1000 a year.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty rears by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg :
ulates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other cau&^B. For sale by Druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mr*.
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. 23c a bottle.
HOTEL DEL COROXADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only SCO by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay $2 50 per day. Apply at
i New Montgomery street. San Francisco.
EXPERIENCE IS THE BEST . TEACHER.
Use Acker's English. Remedy . In any caae of
coughs, oolds or croup. Should It fall to give
Immediate relief money refunded. At Owl
Drug Co- • ■ •
SHALL WE ANNEX
THE PHILIPPINES ?
By FRANK H. SHORT,
I am not in sympathy with any man or organization of men who think
that the Government or the people of the United States have departed from
their allegiance to the principles for which it, the Government, was creat
ed, or that think any party is organized or actuated with intent to cen
tralize, imperialize. socialize or anarchize our republican government or in
stitutions. It is not so much purpose or intent a free people must vigilant
ly guard against as it is mistakes, misconceptions and misguided enthusi
asm and effervescent patriotism.
To assume that the certain acquisition of Porto Rico or the probable
annexation of Cuba, or the accomplished annexation of Hawaii, are logical
forerunners of the annexation of the Philippines-, >r preconceived advanced
steps connected successively with each other, is in my judgment a mistake.
To illustrate, the annexation of Hawaii was planned and well nigh accom
plished before the American Government or people substantially realized
that the Philippines were on the mar, or ever would in the remotest degree
come within our sphere of direct influence. The assumption that to approve
In their successive order the acquisition of the Louisiana purchase, Florida,
Texas, California and the adjacent States and Territories, Alaska and Ha
waii, is also logically to approve of the proposed annexation of the Philip
pines, is equally or more false and absurd.
The acquisition of all the territory acquired prior to Alaska was consist
ent with the natural growth and political organization of the young repub
lic. It meant only that a similar race under similar purpose should occupy
and conjointly govern contiguous and homogeneous territory. Alaska main
land and islands were not contiguous, but it brought with it no new prob
lems of government, no new policy of administration, no race questions, no
labor problems, no "colonial" system. Hawaii was brought in under dif
ferent but not radically inconsistent ideas. The islands were pointed to as
more American than otherwise, more a part of this country than any other,
and essential to its own commerce and defense — a population infinitesimal in
comparison with even one ordinary State, not to mention the whole popula
tion of the country. This Government could not with complacency see those
islands possessed, fortified or occupied by any other power either in times
of peace or war, so that Hawaii was annexed, not as a colony, but as oc
cupying a sufficiently and relatively contiguous position on th-> map of the
world so that the islands could and did come in more properly as a part of
the republic than of any other nation. 1, therefore, approve of the annexa
tion of Hawaii. If mistaken, then the mistake is not great or momentous;
if it be poison, then the quantity is too small to kill or seriously affect the
whole system.
It is argued because some loyal and able men thought that the Louisiana
territory should not have been acquired and they were wrong, because Web
ster and kindred statesmen opposed the acquisition of the territory from
Mexico and they were mistaken— that those who oppose the annexation of
the Philippines are necessarily wrong. In other words, une step proves
right, another proves right, and another and then you may close your eyea
and walk any way and anywhere and no step can be mistaken nor lead
over the abyss beyond which the true purpose or scope of the republic can
not go
We are a peculiar people, a nation born beneath the clouds of war and
by the sword, a nation founded in a new world, with new aims, new prin
ciples and new hopes.
The essential and fundamental principle of this republic is that man
is the unit; that each one is a coequal part of the whole; that if you add
together all of the people and divide by the sum of the whole the result
is always the exact measure of the exact rights under the law of every
citizen, no one one fraction more, no one one fraction less. "All of the just
powers of government come from th» j consent of the governed." "A gov
ernment of the people, by the people and for the people." So it came about
in the formation of this republic that though for many thousand years
mankind had journeyed to reach the dawn, as by one stroke, by inspira
tion from God or man it matters not, it was at once high noon, the per
fection of civil liberty, from dawn to midday in the passing of one little
moment in the great sum of human history. No one is now under the
jurisdiction of the United States that is not, or may not become a citizen,
and the question is, Shall millions come under our jurisdiction that are not
to be brought in as, and never can become, citizens? I know there are
many who are wiser than when our declaration of independence and con
stitution was adopted. The world has progressed. We are more learned,
we have grown, expanded; we are wiser, so much wiser, than Washington
and th> rest of them. The answer to it all is this: We are building upon
their foundation, not our own. It might be we could lay it better and more
securely. I think not, nor half so well; but whether lam mistaken or not
there is the foundation and upon it we must build, or not at all. It might
be that one architect should commence the construction of a building that
took years to complete, he should pass away and another take his place,
a better one you may assuror, but upon the other's foundation he must
build, or not at all. Notwithstanding this, he radically changes the char
acter, proportions, weight and appearance of the structure. If he makes
changes enough and go on long enough the only result possible is that In
the end he will be buried beneath the ruins of the better structure than
that begun by his predecessor. Some things progress; others cannot. Per
fection is the end sought. It may be attained in principles at the begin
ning as in the inception of our Government; if so, the beginning and the
end are one and the same.
Truth is eternal: it was at the beginning; it will be despite all human
effort the same truth at the end. We have statesmen to-day before whose
radiant wisdom (estimated by themselves) the combined wisdom and learn
ing of Washington, Jefferson, Hamilton, Jay and Madison pales Into
a little, belated star before the rising sun. We are not burdened alone
with statesmen of this class; ministers even with university degrees, silk
hats, creased pants and patent leather shoes can tell us the wisdom, wishes
and ways of Almighty God so much better than He who, bareheaded and
sandal shod, stood upon the Mount of Galilee and spoke words that have
journeyed down the ages and ameliorated the condition of untold millions
of the human race, words that have made this government a possibility
among mankind. *
All this is passing to the subject, "Shall we annex the Philippines?"
I am an American, proud of the success and ambitious for the pros
perity of my country. I am a Republican, loyal to my party, proud of
her history and devoted to her principles. My country has not acted, my
party has not spoken, so I oppose no law whatever way I decide for my
self, but if both had occurred in action I could to be true to myself say
only. No.
This Government was founded upon a new principle. To-day she is the
supreme and undisputed controlling spirit of half the earth; when we con
sider this Its possibilities, the work to be done, the wisdom, valor and hon
esty necersary to accomplish this work, the man who sighs for more, if
he knew what he was sighing for, would be a tit subject for the envy of aji
Alexander, a Caesar, a Napoleon. Washington in his farewell address
warned arainst the departure from and pleaded for tho preservation of two
things. "National unity," that, his first hope and dream, a great democratic
government, is realized, fixed and cemented largely by the Republican
party, for which divine mission it was created and c :ime into existence.
The second wish, that his country should pursue its higher and better
mission free from foreign entanglements, alliances or contaminations, is now
for the first time to be put to actual trial and determined for all time, It
may be. We have achieved a great victory over a very inferior power. We
now have the opportunity and ability to violate his injunction and radically
depart from the principles that thus far have in the main controlled us
and served us well. Having the opportunity are we great enough to re
fuse it? Th° fundamental question is at stake. Is man still the unit? Is
human liberty and the rights of man first? Shall we abandon the position
of the dominant democracy of the Western hemisphere, the great self-re
specting republic of the world, for a "colonial system," for "commercial
supremacy?" Shall we, the descendants of Washington, Hamilton and
Jefferson, become one of the governmental, monarchial hogs, fattening at
the trough of Oriental degeneracy and decay? Can any one delude himself
into balievlng that we can by conquest plant our flag over ana assume to
rule eight or nine millions of people in violation of every principle that has
thus far actuated us without suffering a great loss in national conscience
and national character? Can we bring in and -voTern a non-participating
and non-consenting people perpetually under our constitution, without vio
lating it? Admittedly not. Can we bring them in Oriental by birth,
slothful in habits, living beneath a tropical sun and barred by nature's laws
from ever becoming homogeneous with the Anglo-Saxon race? Can we ad
mit them nd not suffer a frightful loss in the average character of our peo
ple? Here lies the most immediate objection and danger. This country, its
laws, its prosperity and existence hinges on the stability, the industry, the
integrity and loyalty of the average American man, the man who works,
who has a wife, who has children, who has a home; upon him depends his
country's greatness and prosperity— not the very poor, there should be as few
as possible; not the very rich, the tewer the better of either class. Can we
bring in the opposite of this, our ideal, and not injure our country?
In the - nilippines we have labor in its simplicity, in its servility; wealth
in its arrogance and supremacy. Thus it has been in the Orient since the
beginning; thus it will remain to the end. Shall we bring in what we have
too much of already? Shall we aggravate the one national disease that
now commands the anxious attention of every American, who hopes to
hand down to his children, unimpaired, the institutions he received from his
fathers?
Whether th# Philippines would add to our trade or commerce or wealth
I do not know. I think the same energy, the same effort and industry ex
pended in our own hemisphere and among our own kind would accomplish
much more in a material direction. Build the Nicaragua canal, improve
our intern' l and external resources, advance our borders, if they need be
advanced, along lines contiguous? to our boundaries. Somewhere in
the Western hemisphere would seem to allow latitude enough.
I cannot comprehend the man who argues that though we might con
trol all of this half of the world, we are isolated and non-progressive unless
wo divide with five or six other powers the control of the other half It i<
the enthusiasm and intoxication of oratory, it is not thought, it is not nec
essary to commerce or finance. But suppose it enhanced both at the expense
of national principles and the character of the average American man? Is
man still the unit, or is money? Is man the beginning and the end and
money the means, or is money the beginning and the end? If free govern
ment perpetually maintained, where all men shall be equal, is an iridescent
and passing dream, then it matters not much whether we depart now or
later from our fundamental principles. But if we still have faith in our
selves and our country, then our first and imperative duty is to stand by
the institutions of our fathers, true to our faith and inspired by the same
hope they cherished.
The stock argument is, that it Is popular, that the people want it, that
it is manifest destiny, that it means more commerce, more money, more
population, more territory, more power, more, more, more. In heaven's
name, is mere acquisition, mere wealth, the sole aim and object? Cannot a
man stand honestly against what he believes a mistaken popular clamor
without being rated disloyp.l to his party in advance? Are the cuckoos the
only true partisans of our age? If annexation must be supported on such
grounds, then, right or wrong it will triumph and American thought, man
hood and conscience will have been unheard and at a time when, since the
Declaration of Independence, or the civil war, real American institutions
have not been called so much in question.
The world reads yet, and for generations will continue to read, the
story of Caesar as he paused on the banks of the Rubicon. That event,
momentous as it was, is infinitesimal in comparison with the attitude of
these 70,000,000 of free people and this great republic as it stands unde
cided w-hether it shall remain content with and true to constitutional princi
ples and democratic government, or, at the behest of ambition and greed,
shall turn to the flesh pots of tho Orient.
One who opposes a great public clamor may forfeit popularity, place and
fortune, but a worthier end it seems to me awaits the American citizen,
though he should be but the drift wood along the short line that marks the
boundary of his country's departure from her great and godlike position as
the representative of the true principle of government for the people and
by the people, than to hold the highest of all the high places between the lineof departure from those principles and the inevitable decay and destruction
that lies beyond.
What country in tl>> world does the United States need envy or imitate?
We hav-' maintained free education and free institutions and admitted all
of the people to participation in Government. We have adhered to the Mon
not intermeddled In Old World politics or diplomacy, or
shared In the dismemberment or distribution of weak and decayed coun-
I We have advanced more, far more in character, education and
ng than the best of them, more ev>n in wealth and substantial power.
■ of the world, and will continue to be until we ourselves be
nvlous and imitate those we have outrun in the race and who envy
Us.
will eouire a great navy and a large standing army,
:': the menace of republican government. Cri lea say we need a
g Landing army. Why. Have not the citizen soldiers In every emer
equal to every need and In a short time, a surprisingly Bhi rt
. sometimes better than the regulars? If there is
any cana n : nal or internal, why we need a great standing army, then
: should be i I the army created. A navy sufficient to
■sta ve must have, but a s,T" <t standing army I
• rces and menacing th^ liberties of this
The respect of the people for the law end love of liberty
iys be In the future as In the past th* dependence and real source
no foreign on quests and need fear no t
II and efficient one, is therefore i
pedigree, or a Crown Prince.
n. half of the world. I see no reason I I
■:■ nix other i that divid
the • essity from even a commercial standpoint of
■ ■ ■ Ei stem hemisphere exists only in the
: those who have not even considered our
advantage over all competitors. Without xception this
I y true. F.< . nation has grown in power, advanced in
: ■ long only, as it adhered
■ompanying Itscreation. W>enever in search
■ luxury it has abandoned those ideals and pur
••>d and power wealth and luxury
Can we 'lope tofollow the pathway of all history and
• ffects? No man of patriotism, no man of con
we -r-e it ran afford or has a right to keep
• it: '■ : I this people, our own people, our .try, and to
i ountry.
Thus far we have discussed the subject alone lines of general racial, pn-
I nationa ■ wish !>> present th< same briefly
ssibly practical t, though
re truly practical* than adherence to fui
•. 1 principl
the foundati i ur Government we have be?n divided into two
nomy, varying and changii -ing and
but alwaj ■ lines that are best defined
and : tionists. It is vi ry h-re.to
utline this issue, but to refer only to the fact that the Republican
; onent and
lild up the infant and to defend the established
Indus •■ . .... '■ at ail kind? ol destructive foreign competi
ization a continued and generally successful war
f the theorei eompetl
the survival of the fitti if trade and the practical re
arriers to world- wide competition. For many years the chief
source of weal I danger to tb ■ was its apparent
or afford adequate u'reat
r the wise '. c of
■1 the later concurrence and able assistance of M< Kinley the pol
icy I ' .-nid by the aid of reciprocity so ■ as to gain
largely th^ - . American ln
ly, while Republicans d nd differ on many
1 subjects, its great source of unity and strength is th» loyal
love ' mbers and the confidence of the majority of the American
• servative but firm p >licy of protection.
While the campaign of 1596 was fought principally upon and most dis
■ :;•? line of financial policy t.> bo pursued, every observing man
that the great Bource of reserve power and strength on
n the campaign was protection against free trade. ti
tably California, largely an agricultural State, to tl
in that election. To-day our prosperity is largely predicated upon and
our whole national existence and future ar" shaped along • lines,
the Democratic party, as evidenced by the Wilson bill, would only
It Is indispensable to the continuation and mainte
nance of protection that its benefits shall be extended, as far as conditions
will permit, to all sections, conditions and industries alike.
Even now among the advocates of annexation beyond the Western hem
isphere we have a wide division of opinion as to the policy to be pursued
;-d our 'colonial p ." The one element claims that, undoubt
our revenue laws shall be extended to the "colonies," the other is on
•d with the beauties of the "open door" policy. Either Inevitably
.ruction of the protective policy. We are constantly rem
that the t< ■ roposed to be admitted is comparatively small com
:: what we have many times done in the way of annexation in the
and it never seems to occur to those who want to "nail Old Glory
rn.ist and keep it there" that heretofore we were simply annexing
American soil to be people with more Americans, but that we now
propose :■' annex seven times over more people than we havf annexed be
all included. That if our tariff laws are extend.-d v, |
etghi f people <and they must be if we have special trad ■ advan
3 with them, and we cannot eat the pudding of trade and keep pm
>n) that they can and will compete with us fully and fairly on all I
to tropical and semi-tropical agricultural products. As an
illustration, wh«re to-day California for h^r bounteous and peculiar semi
tropical horticultural products has the protected market for supplying nev
wlth these products, she will be at once exposed to
ruinous i n with our "colonies," that can in many instances fur
. more than enough for all, cheaper than we can ey«r try to do "when
our revenue laws are extended to the Philippine?." This condition and con
clusii n is too obvious to be answered or to need elaboration. As against
••J/-r«-<«p<*<-tiner manly and protected American labor we are to admit t<>
ver more Chinese coolies and cheap laborers than
have already, unfortunately, found a lodgment among zt&. That they may
■ migrate t" this "their mother country" signifies nothing since they
can fully I with all labor here "when our revenue law- nded
to the Philippines," but "nail Old Glory to the mast and there forever 1-t
her stay" and by her side nail the American policy of protection, th>- labor
and agricultural int"r>sts of our country. And what of the "open do<
America will then stand a.<= the modern Colossus of Rhodes, with one Mon
:: the Western hemisphere and an annexation foot on the
•■■m hemis;hr'\ with the "Western one flat-footed for protection and
the Eastern one flat-footed for the open door of free trade. Oh, thou mod
ern colossus of consistency, whore Is thy jewel; where is the principle of
self-government, alone justified by the consent of the governed; where is the
Monroe doctrine, the principle of non-intervention in the affairs of th"
world of America tor Am- rioans. and the dignity of labor and the doctrine
of protection? Gone, and all exchanged for greed of commerce and wealth,
and even those, though bought at such a sacrifice, will never come to us
through such a policy because inconsistent with our national character,
'■ f h. history and tradition?. The "open door" for a protective country
1 be more propf-riy called "the open sore."
As an American I protest in the name of all that is best and most sa
cred in my country's history and all that is most dear in that hope of a
ter future for a "triumphant Democracy." As a. Republican, as a pro
mist, loving and loyal to my party, as a Californian loving my State,
I protest against this hurried, unconsidered departure from all that is
: and most secure. With greedy haste we may thrust
m into the hot ashes and decaying 1 embers of the Orient,
but we shall withdraw it, I am sure, but perhaps scarred, withered and
8 for all ttme. Dissensions leading to division are all of the past,
one people truly, of one country united forever, so the course
adopted will, right or wrong, be the American policy, our policy: but pend
ing th--- decision no party ties, no personal considerations rouid or should
control the American mind. The minority must be as fearless as the ma
jority, because the issue is too great to be determined by cowardice or Bi
■rum is great enough to decide it except the forum of the peo
ple, for from that final verdict there is no appeal. This people of ail
ught to decide it right.
Peculiar of character, steadfast of purpose, were those fathers and
mothers of ours who came to these shores. Broad, fertile and beautiful
was the continent spread before thorn. Well and bravely and truly they
fought, wrought, labored and died. No other such a people again will come
upon the scene of action, or ever found so true or pure or good a govern
ment. All those hay« hef>n delivered unto us and into our keeping. If
we are false, or fall, by what stretch of imagination or dream of philoso
phy can man ever again hope or strive to found an enduring government
of the people, by the people and for the people.
Bo thus understood we are upon trial, not for this republic or this peo
ple, not for this generation, not for the Anglo-Saxon race, but for human
!:br-rty. self-government, for mankind and for all time. It is not a ques
tion of party policy. It may never be. If it should become such my sin
core hope is to see the party that with blood and treasure made perpetual
the unity of the country at home, with equal patriotism and greater un
selnshnesa guide her further progress along lines consistent with her mis
sion and birth, as defined by him who was first in war, first in peace and
first still, I hope, in the hearts of his countrymen.
UNIVERSITY MUSIC.
Proposed Tour of University of Cali
fornia Glee Club and Orchestra.
The combined musical clubs of the Uni- !
versit: fornia will start a week
from to-day on their annual holiday j
rt tour. The student company, i
which will pn on the road, is a splendid !
apgr> . musical talent. Numerous ,
made through the north- ;
crn part of .-■ . ••■. where the boys are j
wider. >rably known, and have
long been praised alike by musical critics
and the most fastidious audiences and
papers. The first southern tour will
be begun :. inst. The under
graduate troupe comprises the California
Olee, Mandolii - and Banjo
clubs, the Berkeley collegians having the j
r ; • iily company of ;
traveling musicians on the coast.
Following an- the regular members of;
'Ur big clv
dee Club O. H. Powers,
. Bmith, Hr, ' ■r, L A. Mcott*.
iIOOW. Q ■ H. C. Mel-.ne. F.
man. M. B I H. Cogrwell, T.
S. Klston. H. M. }.'■• .-, F. B. (.aldvrell, B. H.
11, \V. W. Davia.
I Club— A. 'W. Black, H. T. Rooncy. H.
ilnn, J. W. P. Butler O. H Ro'.ohman.
Pache, K. Beits, L. B :•' J. A.
]• White, A. L. Hart, H B. HonifieM,
: .1 Woodbttrn, V. Holt. P. H. Phel]
en. L. I. Herd. E. H. I J. W.
Ely, J. S. Ross, L. V. Baton, L.. T. Wanner.
Thursday and i oings con
certs will be riven in Oakland and Ala
and, Lf-pjnnir.g next
wei k, stops will be made at the following
: San Jose, December 2Q; Santa i
December 27; San Luis Obispo, De
cumber 2S: Santa Barbara, December 29;
Y-:.:ura. December 30; Santa Paula, De
cember 31; Santa Ana, January 2: Kiver
fanuary ■ i '- Sa° Hernardino. January I
dlands. January 5; Pomona, January !
p January ~: Los Angeles,
January 9; HakersfHld, January 10; Visa
auary 11: Fresno, January 12.
■ . . Ing the clubs is Cyrus
alee Newton, the well-known char
delineator, humorist and imper
■r. A. W Black, one of the fore
most instrumentalists in the State, is the
banjo soloist; A. Horatio Cogswell,
barytone soloist; Lloyd Picotte, bass
soloist; Edward O. Kuster. cello soloist.
The college boys tak<^ with them from
the college town and campus a score of
football songs of the season just passed.
They have an extensive repertoire, with
an abundance of up-to-date marches and !
madrigals and ever-popular student melo- 1
dies.
POLICE WIDOWS AND ORPHANS.
The Officers of the Organization for
the Ensuing Year Installed.
The installation of officers of the Wid
ows ana Orphans' Aid Association of the
Police Department took place yesterday
afternoon in Judge Conlan's court. The
officers were elected the previous Sunday
and are as follows: John Butterworth,
president; Shadrach Campbell, vice presi
dent; John Duncan, treasurer; O. C. Phil
lips, recording secretary; Sam Rankin,
financial secretary; trustees. Michael Jo
seph Conboy, R. Graham. Reuben Wolff
R. Kerrison and T. P. Walsh.
The retiring president. Sergeant John
Martin, occupied the chair, and after the
installation the various officers delivered
brief addresses, promising to do every
thing In their power to further the inter
ests of the organization.
Lurline Salt Water Baths,
Push ancJ T*arkln eta. Swimming. Russian, hot
and cold tub Laths. Saltwater direct from ocean.
Victim of Carbon Monoxide.
L. C. Gifford, a bag-gape master on the
Southern Pacific, when retiring Saturday
night accidentally turned on the gas in his
room, 365 Hayes street. He wakened about
4 o'clock yesterday morning and feeling
the effects of the gas he endeavored to
open the window of his room, but fell to
the floor in making the attempt. The
! noise of his fall attracted the attention of
other roomers in The house and the am
bulance was summoned and he was taken
to the Receiving Hospital, where he was
soon pronounced out of danger.
Postage on the Holiday Edition of
The Call is: Domestic, 3 cents; For
eign, 6 cents.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1898.
BERNARD D. MURPHY,
BANK, COMMISSIONER,
Governor Budd .Makes tl^e .Most
Popular Jlppointment of His
Jldministration.
P>-:rnard D. Murphy, Santa Clara County's best known and most
highly respected citizen, has been appointed Bank Commissioner to suc
i ! Paris Kilburn, whose term of office has expirtd. In appointing
Judge W. P. Lawlor to the vacancy on the Superior bench. Governor
I mad« a selection that was eminently satisfactory, but in nam
ing Mr. Murphy for the office of Bank Commissioner it is evident that
he made the most popular appointment of his administration.
No man is better known throughout the State than Barney Mur
phy of San Jose, and although this paper differs with him politically.
it is pleased to testify that none haa won a more enviable place in the
estimation of his fellow citizens of all classes than has the Gover
nor's newest appointee. Always a consistent Democrat, Mr. Murphy has
more to aid the success of his party, financially and otherwise,
than any one else.
Four years ago Mr. Murrhv went before the Democratic State con
vention as a candidate for the gubernatorial nomination, being Budd's
most formidable opponent, and the Governor could not more hapnilv
close his administration than by thus recognizing the long and faithful
service of his old friend and former political rival.
Moreover, Mr. Murphy is particularly well qualified to fill the posi
tion, his long experience as the leading banker of Santa Clara County
giving him a thorough knowledge of banking institutions and bankers
ry section of the State.
Born in Quebec, March 1, 1841. Mr. Murphy crossed the plains with
his grandfather. Martin Murphy, his father and James Murphy and fam
ily. The Murphy family settled in Santa Clara County, where Barney
was educated, graduating from Santa Clara College with honors. He at
once entered upon, an active business career, and by shrewd invest
ments amassed a large fortune. As a property owner, Mr. Murphy has
done much toward improving and beautifying San Jose. He has held the
positions of Park Commissioner and director of the Agnews Asylum.
He married in 1569 and has nine children, four boys and five girls, all
of whom are living.
STANTON MAY
COME WITHOUT
FEAR OF ARREST
The School Board Is
Outwitted.
RAGAN'S PLAN FRUITLESS.
INJUNCTION SUIT MUST BE
HEABD IN DEPARTMENT 7.
Directors' Scheme to Pay Political
Debts WUh Appointments Frus
trated by Judge
Belcher.
.
E. D. Stanton, ex-teacher in the
Business Evening School, may come
into San Francisco and before the
Grand Jury to say things that he
knows against the School Directors
without fear that the law will again
reach out for him or that his liberty
will be assailed, no matter what
threats have gone out from- those who
are most interested in compelling his
silence.
Judge Belcher has said so, and
Judge Belcher's attitude on the pres
ent disgusting status of school af
fairs is not one that permits of
1 doubt. He yesterday left with tte
Police Department an order to bring
Stanton before him as soon as he may
be arrested upon the warrant threat
ened by Dr. Ragan, and when this
ie done Stanton will be released, no
matter what the charge, upon his
own recognizance. He may come into
this city without let or hindrance—
this by the order of the court.
In connection with the case Judge Bel- I
cher yesterday said : "I read in The Call of
yesterday morning that it is the intention
of School Director Ragan to swear to a
warrant charging Mr. Stanton with ox
tortion or some other charge yet to be de
cided upon. I immediately came down
town and sought out Sergeant Lind
helmer, who was in charge of the desk at
the Central police station, and left word
with him that immediately upon the
threatened arept of Mr. Stanton I
should be notified and that I
would release him upon his own
izance as soon as he should
appear before me in court. I did this not
to protect a guilty man from the operation
of the law, but to facilitate the investiga-
£ n > of the P rty ent Grand Jury into the
affairs of the School Department. His
testimony, I understand, will be of utmost
value to this investigation and I want
-ur. fetanton to understand, wherever he
may be, that he will be protected and al
low, -d to lay all that he knows before the
jury without the f.-ar of suffering an as
sault upon his personal liberty "
The plan of Director Ragan Is to have
btanton placed under arrest as soon as he
is found in this city. The charge he will
prefer will be either attempted extortion
or conspiracy. It was Director Ragan who
preferred the charge against Stanton
upon which the Indictment that wa<=
quashed on the Bth inst. hv Judge Carrol
Cook was brought, and the charge that
ne will make in the present case will b#
the same. To assist him in his case
against the ex-teacher he has called in
the legal services of such attorneys as "W
\\ . Foote. Reel B. Terry. Andy Clunie and
Oeorge Dwyer. Represented by Mr. Terry
he will appear this morning before Judge
Cook to ask that the indictment recently
quashed be restored, upon the ground that
the law under which Judge Cook made his
order of release did not cover the case"
The injunction that Judge Belcher' has
a against the School Board was a
solar plexus punch. It has effectually
put a stop to the plan that existed to
clear the substitute list of the thirteen
teachers that remain upon it since the
last mooting, and it has prevented the ap
pointment to the depleted list of the
thirty new teachers who have been prom
ised positfons in the department. And
the most distressing part of it all is that
the thirty who were to go on were not
the ordinary paid article at $500 or so per
but were pledged the positions in payment
of political debts. Behind over half the
number is the strongest political influence
that this town musters. These appoint
ments represent the unpaid debts of elec
tion time that have been delayed from
meeting to meeting in the confident ex
pectation that when the last day came
and things were ripe for the regular end
of the term clean-up there would be no
trouble in rubbing the account off the
elate. It Is one of the biggest of the
regular annual political deals that Judge
Belcher has put a stop to, and the roar
Is accordingly a loud one.
But the Judge stands firm in his posi
tion. The statement that the Directors
will take the injunction Into another
court to ask its annulment is absurd in
face of the fnct that Judge Belcher Is
presiding Judge over every court In the
department. He has assigned the case to
himself and to no other department, and
only he has Jurlsdictoin over it He. was
asked yesterday by Attorney Samuels
representing the Directors, to assign the
injunction to another court, but the re
quest was flatly refused and Samuels was
informed that if he would appear on the
regular law and motion day. next Friday
a time would be set for hearing reasons'
why the injunction should be dissolved
Despite the fixed intention of the court
Director "Waller and Attorney Samuels'
will again this morning ask that special
consideration be given the matter and
that a special day be fixed for the hear
ing. The request, Judge Belcher an
nounced yesterday, would be denied.
BURGLAR RIFLES A HOME.
S. Solomon's Residence on Sutter
Street Robbed of Valuables.
On Saturday evening- between 5 and 6
o'clock a burglar broke into the home of
' S. Solomons, the real estate broker, who
! resides at 1842 Sutter street. His haul
i amounted to $15 in gold coin and jewels
| valued at several hundred dollars. The
entrance was effected through the front
door, which was guarded solely by an »r
dinary latch lock. Several burned matches
were found in the doorway, evidences of
the burglar's work in picking the lock.
The last one in the house before the
burglary was committed was the servant
girl, who left at 5 in the afternoon. She
returned at 9, but noticed nothing strnnge
or disturbed. At 10 Mr. and Mrs. Solomons
returned and upon their entrance to their
bedroom discovered evidences of the rob
bery. The bureau was rilled and all that
was secured was taken from it alone. The
jewelry carried off consisted of some few
diamond pins and earrings and a gold i
chain with a locket pendant.
The only other person in the house be
sides Mr. ami Mrs. Solomons and the ser
vant girl is J. Toplitz, a warm personal
friend of Mr. Solomons. The police are
now at work upon the burglary, but so
far the burglar is undiscovered.
NEW OFFICERS
FOR NEXT TERM
The following' named have been chosen !
by various societies as the officers who
will serve for the ensuing term: r
Rincon Parlor, Native Sons of the Gi I '■ n
West— Frank McCarthy, P.; W. A. Peake, P. I
F. Mertes and George W. Korts, V. P.'s; L.
K. Hagenkamp. R. B.; W. E. Foley, F. S.; ;
Thomas H. Vivian, T. ; Charles Clancy, M.;
W. Stansburry, I. S. ; J. Wason. O. S.; C. E.
Ehman, O.; VT. iDummaK-, M. H. Besson, J.
J. Nelson, trustees; Drs. D. F. Kagan an.l W.
W. Wymore, surgeons. (Jeorge J. Zehender
will be the junior past president.
Court Stanford. F. of A.— William Barkheim,
C. R.; E. M. 1.-vy. S. C. R. ; Leo Jentzch. T.
J. Lycette, R. S. ; S. Gardner. F. S. ; A. Stein,
S. \\\: L. Klein. J. W.; J. B. Flemlns. S. li.;
N. Arjo, J. B. ; Dr. M. Newman, physician.
Abraham Lincoln Council, , Junior Order
American Mechanics— W. E. Bouton, C;
Charles I. Fanoher, V. <". ; Harry C. Puck
haber, A. S.; Joseph E. Odffers, C; Leonard
F. Hotter, "\V.; Hugo M. Schmidt, I. S. ; Louis
P. Black, O. S. ; John T. Pldwell, C. ; L. F.
Beicke, T. : Mark Lane and Charles Jacob, rep
resentatives to State Council; Charles Klien
and R. F. de Leslie, alternate?: hold overs— R.
F. de Leslie, treasurer, and W. D. Caldwell
and F. A. Tlbbitß, trual
San Francisco Hive, Ladies of the Macca
bee—Mary E. Salmond. L. C. ; Ida .1. Leroi,
L. C. : Mary .1. Rogers, R. X.; Libbie Deal, F.
X.; Lizzie Whiteside. C; Mary B. Hllmer. S.;
Valentine Barcne, M. at A.; Florence Savery,
S. ; Pauline Stephen, P.
Golden Gate Council of the National Union—
J. W. Carmany, P.: W. A. Wallace, V. P.;
D. E. Besecker B.; J. J. Scovllle, R. S.; Theo
dore Frollch, F. S. ; J. H. Baker. T. : Charles
BwifL U.; W. liealey. S.; R. H. Mowbray. D. ;
W. W. Healy, D. M. Angler, F. G. Johnson,
trustees: Xorn.an R. Arter, J. E. Field. J. \V.
Carmany, W. W. Healy and A. Slchel. dele
gatea to the cabinet.
Seven Pines Circle, Ladies of the G. A. R.—
Marcla Wenk, P. ; Abbie Powls, S. V. P.; Julia
Duhem, J. V. P.; Lena Scholten, T.: Beenie
Gerrish. C. ; Louisa Carr, Con.; Jennie Perrie,
G. ; Abble Povsis. Rebecca Delmas, Sadie Pen
nifort, Annie Black, Loulea Carr, Mary Wat-
Bon, Gussle Pri ■. C. Goodell. Julia Graham,
Susan Hines, Laura ' 'biir.^f r. Bessie Gerrish,
Mrs. A. J. Badd. Mary Robertson. Henrietta
}T:^e, Hannah Murphy, Lizzie Houltz. Mary
Tate, Grace Tricolwell, Kitty Kennedy and
Mrs. J. Kennedy.
Red Men's Schuetzen Vereln — C. G. Bolsdorff,
president; H. Grelb. captain; William Kreutz
kamm, first lieutenant; C. Stein, second lieu
tenant; D. Wulpern, first sergeant; J. Krum
holz. sergeant; P. H. Will, treasurer. The
company decided to drill in accordance with
the t'nlted States army regulations. The com
pany's next festival will be In Saratoga Hall
on the 12th of February.
Anakesis cures Piles, nothing else. Sam
ple free. Address Anakesis, New York. *
SONS OF EXEMPTS.
T^ast Monday night the Sons of Exempt
Firemen gave their first social reunion
and smoker in the hall of the Exempts
on Brenham place. There was a good at
tendance of members and a number of the
old-time boys who ran with the Volunteer
Fire Department. These were entertained
by the committee of arrangements, of
which G. Fenstermacher was the ohair
man. with sone-s, music, anecdotes and
tales of the long ago, after which there
was a collation and smoking material.
The affair was a jolly one for the old and
the young.
A BIG CLASS.
Unity Lodge No. 27. Ancient Order of
United Workmen, -will next Tuesday night
confer the degrees on a class of twelve ;
candidates, and arrangements have been
mr»o> for an interesting meeting.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33
Preparations for the Holidays— they
are rapidly approaching with their era
of good feasting and gladsome cheer.
Whether your preparations for them be
simple or elaborate, every requisite for
the table will be found here in ample
variety and abundance. Our store is cen-
trally located, and our arrangements for
filling out-of-town (as well as city)
orders are very complete.
Orders should be placed at once to in-
sure prompt delivery, as we expect to be
unusually busy this* week
OPEN EVENINGS UNTIL 10 O'CLOCK
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
except for candy and perfumery which
is for entire week, if quantity lasts.
\ All our finest assorted
CANDY I French Mixed Candies.
i(\r n Ih frtf t\ V. usually 35c lb. In or-
3UC a ID. tor Oder > der to insure prompt de-
days I livery place your order
J early.
Xmas Tree Ornaments and hon Bons.
« ,r .uiji^.rr..,'! \j.lh & Cos. popular
O. K. WHISKEY/ brand of good old
3 bottles $2 00 > Bourbon— better than
(icllon $?<)(> \ ever— pure. Regularly
U£llon *•* uu ) fl.oo and *4.0 U.
Perfumes and Toilet articles
\ "La Favorita" ,Zin-
} fandel. The well
CLARET I known kind, usually
n n7 ot« ti )" La Favorita" Zln-
fandel. The well
known kind, usually
gold at $3.75. Allow-
UOZ. iitS. $3.15 | ance of 50c doBea for
I empty bottles. ,
Lebenbaum's Terra Colta Enameled Wart.
MC , B £ A^IB 1 Made in 3886. The
WHISKEY I old-fashioned, hand
Bottle $1.15 I made sour mash. Re-
Galloil $5.00 J «ul«ljr|l.W.n<U«.OO.
Carving Sets and Table Cutlery
\ " Royal "— very fine
RIESLING / old table wine. Re-
r»nr CttK «4 00 > gularly »4.75. Allow-
L>OZ. q>ts. $4.u0 f llce of %c dozen {or
■ ; empty bottles.
Dusseldorfer Punches 4 kinds
_„ ~ \ Suzar Wafers filled
GAUFRETTES f with choico f-nits. 8
25c. Tin. I klnds regularly 35c
) tin.
Imported Champagnes, qts.. case Sjtjo; pts^
case, $74.1.)
miivk-o neAT 1 At ore's in 5 lb.
MINCE TIE AT f; woo< ieu pails. Regu-
Pail 50c i larly6oc.
Christmas Tree Ornaments and Bon Bons.
DAISINS r A small lot, to close
1 Ihcfnr^r I out,of last year's table
4 IbS. IorasC raisins, sold at 25c lb .
Lebenbaums Terra Cotta Enameled Ware.
}We will continue the
sale of Kd. Plnaud's
famous triple extracts
in V 4 ounce glass-
stoppered bottles, this
week if quantity lasts.
15 different odors usu-
ally sold at $1.00.
Finest imported French and German Wines
PORT& SHERRY^ Crown brand. Sale
nntL -,-. wl 11 continue this
DOttle, /SC. I weet> i n or der that all
5 Bottles, $1.00 f may soenre some of
j these excellent wines.
J Usnaily 35c. a bottle.
Smokers, tws " eW
20 FOR \2%
5000 Calle de Oro, Rosa perfectos, made by the
well-known firm of Gaerra. Diaz & Co., Key West.
A fine, large, clear, Havana cigar, fall , perfect^
size. 36 in a box. : • You cannot buy these cigars
regularly for less than 20c. a piece.: iThe trice
—made ' to induce you to visit our remodeled
cigar department— be \ * •
I2)tc. A PIECE.
as loag aa quantity lasts. Not more than 25 soli
to any one customer.
.•'■■. '
ADVEBTISEMENTS. _______^
~ Eat ? try j^jf?l
l|7wt Sleep ? |!sf9|finM'Bi|
p \ju,h Work? mahiani winb
Wm^M T\inr*o+^ The Ideal French Tonic for BODY^
SBE3gle&&aga| Ill^CSLl Since 1863, Endorsed by RPAIM
fY~ r.,V. 1/1^ VkJ W • Medical Faculty Dl\Alll
Immediate - Lasting - Efficacioiis _- Agreeable
I^RT Calendars,
LEATHER GOODS
-i-AND OTHER -« •
r*-j£hristmas
227-229 POST ST. 215-219 BUSH ST.
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIAJTHEATER
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
EVANS & HOEY'S FAMOUS FARCE.
HOYT'S
A PARLOR
MATCH
-^ • , ■* OF BEAUTY,
Km ZVr»r*S^\/ SONG HITS.
L>l^ r\ I I €&y SPECIALTIES.
' " LAST TIME NEXT SUNDAY.
CALIFORNIAJHEATER.
LAST SIX NIGHTS.
SATURDAY MATINEE.
THE POPULAR STAR,
DANIEL SULLY
In His Comedy Drama Success, •
O'BRIEN
THE CONTRACTOR.
A Series of Ptrong Dramatic Scenes.
COMEDY AND PATHOS.
Beats at Box Office and Emporium.
15, 25. 35. 50 and 75 centa.
COMEDY THEATER.
OUK XMAS HOLIDAY GREETING,
The Ever Gay
HOYT'S
"A BUNCH of KEYS"
BRIGHTER AND BETTER THAN EVER.
MORE GOOD FUN.
MORE GOOD DANCERS t
MORE GOOD LAUGHS'.
MORE PRETTY GIRLS!
Than All Farce Comedies Combined.
AND FIKBT TIME AT POPULAR PHICKB.
DOLL MATINEE SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
GRAND XMAS MATINEE SUNDAY.
PRICES— lac, 25c, 85c, 60c j
Matinees 15c and 25c |
Seats Secured, Box Office and Emporium.
Deo. 26.— ''ROMANCE OF COON HOLLOW."
MOROSCO'S GRANDS
A.LTKR Mouosco, Sole Lessee and Alaaageb
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK.
COMMENCING MONDAY, DEC. 19. 1898,
Revival of the old favorite,
UNCLE TOM'S
........CA81N.........
LESLIE MOROSCO as Marks.
A WORLD'S RECORD.
During MR. MOROSCO' managerial career
In this city he has given 5619 consecutive per-
formances.
Popular prices, 10c, 25c and EOc.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
■ Mrs. Ernestine Krellnsr. Proprietor and Mgr.
—TO-NIGHT—
OUR HOLIDAY SPECTACLE.
George E. Lask's Spectacular Extravaganza In
Three Acts,
THE YELLOW DWARF.
' Splendid Cast— Grand Ballets— Catchy Music.
Graceful Gorgeous Costumes — Superb
Scenery.
Artistic Tableau March— Brilliant Light Effects.
Timely Topicals— Merry Skits.
Concluding with Oscar L. Fe9t'3 Beautiful
Transformation,
"THE FIVE SENSES."
:■ A Delight for Young and Old.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 P. M.
Popular prices, 25 and 50 cents. N. B.— A r»-
served seat for the Matinee, 25 cents. Our tel-
ephone. Bush 9. Secure your seats in advance.
1 • V_-<» «J . V_>»
(INGLESIDE.) %
HANDSOMEST RACETRACK IN AMERICA.
Five or. More Races Daily.
DECEMBER .........777777....;.. ........ 1....12 TH
To-^—
DECEMBER 28TH
WEDNESDAY,
THE CROCKER STAKES,
FOR 2-YEAR-OLDS— ONE MILE— 49 Entries.
Trains leave Third-street station at 12:45 and
I:6C p. m.
Round-trip tickets, 25c.
Electric cars on Mission end Kearny street*
even' three minutes.
ADMISSION.. ONE DOLLAR.
B. N. ANDROUS. President.
. F. H. GREEN. Secretary.
DR.MCNULTY.
rpHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
1. Special isteuru Private, Nervous, and Blood Dls-'
eases o / Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men, free. Over 20 y'rV experience.
PatlentscuredatHome. Terms reasonable. HoursS
t0 3 da11y : 6.30 t0 8:30 ev'gs. Bnmlay9, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call.or address
P. ROtkCOE McXILTY, M.D.
> *6;-i Kearny Bt.. San Francisco, Cal.
AMUSEMENTS.
THE RAPPO SISTERS,
RUSSIAN CHARACTER DANCERS.
THE 3 LUK.NS, Acrobats.
GEORGE FULLER GOLDEN, New Storie*,
Songs and Humor.
WESTON & HERBERT, Comedy Music*!
Artists.
HORACE GOLDIN. Illusionist.
THE MERKELL SISTERS, Equilibrists.
JULIUS P. WITMARK. New .Songß.
FRANK LA MONDUE, the Mute Comedian.
Last week of TAUL BATTY" S BEARS.
Reserved seats 2oc, balcony loc. opera chairs
and box seats 50c.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
ALCAZAR BEATS BTPHOHS
ALUAZAK Main 254.
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK.
FAMILY MATINEE SATCTRDAT.
MR. ROLAND REED'S
Merry, Breezy, Happy Comedy,
Humbug
PRICES— ISc, 25c, 35c, 50c.
I Extra Matinee SUNDAY, Benefit Stage Cnl!-
j dren, "FIRST BORN," by Juveniles.
Next Week— Christmas Matinee Monday—
Hoyfs "A MIDNIGHT BELL."
CHUTES AND ZOO!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENINO.
P1517 A T~BILL IN THE
UAHiiL 1 FREE THEATERI
DE ELBERT SISTERS, Transformation
Dancers; BAKER AND FONDA. Novelty
I Sketch Artists: A. S. RHORER, Barytona with.
Moving Pictures; JEANETTE LILFORD, Im-
personator; MARCO 8R05.,. Contortionists;
THE STANLEYS. In "Mrs. O'Grady"a Wash,
Day," and KELLEY AND VIOLETTE. Society
Sketch Artists, and ENDLESS NOVELTIES!
SEE "JOE STORMS JR.," "SALLY" and
"CONGO," THE WONDERS OF DARKEST
AFRICA.
Every Thursday— AMATEUß NI6HT!
10c, Including Zoo and Theater: Children. S«
Beware of Imitations
Sal 0r$ G >* c <&
JOMH DUNCAN'S BOM, Asvrri. NtW VOtX.
o oo oo o o o o o o O O oo c
j>w PALACE «*j
IGRAND »oyPt#i
X BAH F/lAMOimCO. |
V Cotujected by a oov«r«4 iniiutwjlt J
P 1400 Rootnß-900 With Both Atfttli **
p AH Vaier Out MaiiMi"""* O
B HOTS TBS fUOJI: O
m. Burmx»n Plan 81.00 p«r d*r W>4 uinsjiJ
9 AuMrtcsa Plan. 8.00 per <Jay »n<l up— ii»
Q Corre§pondtoce Bo^lclfd. M
0 KSS 0. XIBK7A7BIOX, MtHgo. 2
aoooooooooaooooocLc
i *SV rsoTOcti?nu Sf■ Bl ABB A
fjKS a^Bikw m*M 93 » H Fa 1 IV
fllsi^ VITALIS
.^fiyUrl/^'THEIIEW
faiD»T. fta»-^s^ >^i ip rnru|iy
tsrvr ioth d«t. *b« ML. f rllbllullii
VITALSS 20 hD3 T- SC 1 M Dciicnv
riIODtCKS TirE ABOTK 30th Diy. IICHICIIIII
BEBCLTS. ltqai;klyA«ore!7ren:oTesserTotiir.e»«,lmpoV)ac7,
ißhtly Emiuioiu, EtU Dreamt Wasting- IMsmm* and all e!nu
of -abuse or exens and iadiscr»tior.. Restores Lost Tltallty,
row*r ac.i Failing Hnaorr. Wards eS Insanity and Cooranp.
tion. Cure* when all otben fail. Insist onhaTiof VXTAIJB,
no other. Can be esxred in til* \e«t pocket. By mail $I_OO
per paekafe or six for $6.00 with a fuarantef to Cure *r
Kefund tke Monrj. Circnlar Pro*. «4dre«s
lALIMKT CVRE CO., BS4 I'carborn St.. CUemi*
■oM by Owl Dnur Otv. ■■ F.. and OsktuuL
— ■— — — ■■--■■ ■ ' ' ' l ™ I ' l
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodlsine and speclflo tonlo
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
aexes, and a great remedy for diseases of the)
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative,
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on Its own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABEK, ALFS & BRUNE. \ AgenU, .
123 Market street, S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
56
DESTITUTION
AND WANT AT
CHRISTMASTIDE
The Lidner Family Is
Poverty Stricken.
STARVATION THEIR PORTION
THE FATHER OF THE FAMILY
DIES OF PNEUMONIA.
TTnless Charitable Aid Comes To-Day
His Body Will Be Buried
in the Potter's
Field.
TThile the people of this city are bust
ling a ; >out the business section of town
In pursuit of appropriate gifts for friends,
relatives and dear ones, there mourns a
lonely and poverty-stricken family almost
within a block of me bright show win
dows of Market street, whose only
thought is directed to the fulfillment of
the hope that siurvation may be kept
the door. Until last Thursday
Hermann Lindner, his wife and three
children, the eldest of whom is hardly 4
years of age. lived happily, if such a
thing were possible, In a one-room hovel
at 940% Mission street, and strove with the
although unequally, for a paltry
and miserable existence. I. ate Thursday,
night Lindner was seized with a delirium
d by a neglected attack of pneu
monia. He tv«s taken to the Receiving
Hospital and later was conveyed to the
County Hospital. After lingering at this
institution for h little over a day he suc
cumbed to the disease, and now his body
lies on a slab In the hospital morgue
awaiting interment. His wife, owing to
her destitute circumstances, lias not
sufficient money to defray the expense of I
burying the body, ajid unless assistance
comes to-day it will be delivered over to
the <-ity undertaker and will be interred
in the potter* a fleld. Dlerk, the under
taker, volunteered to inter the body for
$20, but. on the advice of friends Mrs.
I.indner was influenced to agree to accept
the money, which she is urgently in need
of. and have the body of her husband
buried at the city's expense. However,
although the money was offered by
friends, it v.us not given aa readily as it
wns volunteered and the prostrated
woman is almost frantic with despair, as
her children have no bread and there is
absolutely no money in tiie house. The
sympathizing neighbors in the vicinity
tnok up a collection yesterday morning
h n<l raised sufficient money to provide a
meal for the little ones and the means
■whereby the widow could visit the hos
pital and view the remains of her hus
bojid.
The hovel where the Lindner family
lives and which It calls home is a small
room in the rear of a workshop at 940H
Mission street. Here the mother and
thrift children »*at. sleep, cook and, In
short, exist mo>t miserably. There Is
hardly any light in the place, and the sun
never shines within the den. Kntrance to
It Is effected by going through an ordi
nary plank tl<>or facing an allvway that
runs paraJlel to the houses adjoining and
leads to an ordinary paint shop. At the
extreme end is situated the room where
Mrs. Lindner and her three children live.
The partitions are of ordinary frail lum
ber and barely keep the cold and frost
from entering within and claiming tho
little ones as It lias their father.
Whether the people of the city and the
charitable institutions which they support
will come to the aid of this deserving
family is a question that can only be
solved to-day with the volunteered offer
of some philanthropic person to take the
body of Hermann Lindner out of the.
hands of the city and bury It decently in
the name of charity.
GIRL GOLFERS ON
THE OAKLAND LINKS
THIRD COMPETITION TOR THE
LADIES' CUP.
Miss A. Mofflt and Miss Duff Will
Play Off the Final Round
This Morning.
While the eight men representing 1 the
Oakland Golf Club were driving on Sat
urday afternoon against the champions
of San Francisco Club on the Presidio
links the third competition for the ladies'
rup was being held at Oakland. Eight
ladies entered, and were matched as fol
lows; Miss Duff vs. Mrs. F. E. Bowles,
Miss Deane vs. Mrs. C. O. (i. Miller, -Miss
Dunham vs. Miss Mhoon, and Miss 1«.
Moffitt vs. Miss A. Moffltt. The compe
tition was a nine-hole one; in the case of
ties additional holes to be played to de
cide the tie. The cup has already be«n
competed for twice, in June and Septem
ber. Miss Duff won it on the first occa
elon and Miss Dunham on the second. A
fourth competition will be held, and then
the winners In the four competitions will
play together to decide which of them
Is to become the owner of the trophy. The
results of the competition are here given:
FIRST ROUND.
. Player*.
Strokes
» boles
Strokes
l"th hule
Miss Duff
Mrs. P. Bowles
i
<
80
81
n
14
Miss Deane
Mrs. C. O. Miller
I
4
70
79
9
10
Hiss Dunham ..
Miss Mhoon ....
3
«
71
Mies L. Moffltt .
Ml S3 A. Mofntt .
0
7
86
69
Miss Duff and Mrs. P. E. Bowles in the
first round of nine boles haloed 1 and
scored 4 each; in playing off the tie Miss
Duft made the tenth hole in 12 strokes,
and Mrs. P. E. Howies in 14; Miss Duff
was thus the winner. Similarly, Miss
Deane and Mrs. C. O. G. Miller haloed 1
and scored 4 holes each; in playing off
the tie Miss Deane won the tenth hole by
one stroke. Miss Dunham taking 3 hole's
and Miss Mhoon 0. the latter won by S up.
Miss L. Moffitt and Miss A. Moffltt haloed
2 holes, but Miss A. Moffltt taking tho
other 7 won by 1 up.
SECOND ROUND.
Players.
Miss Duff
Miss Dean
i
I
n
n
Miss Mhoon
Miss A. Mofntt 1
I
7!
Miss Duff defeated Miss Deane by
4 up, and Mlbs A. Moffltt defeated
Miss Mhoon by 1 up. Miss Duff
and Miss Alice Moffitl will play the niiu.l
round this morning- to decide who is the
winner of the third competition for the
ladles' cup.
The Oakland team is f=till speculating
on its defeat on Saturday by the San
Krancisco men, the defeat being attrib
uted to the visitors' unfamiliarity with
the Presidio links, the roughness of the
course and the absence of putting greens.
The Oakland men are Ftrong in putting,
and the Presidio links furnish almost no
opportunity for skill in this department
of the game. The Oaklanders think that
pome at l"ast of their men are individu
ally as strong players as the San Fran
cisco men. inasmuch as they have done
the nine holes on the Oakland links in
fewer strokes than the best. San Fra.ncisco
men.
In the Handball Courts.
\ Aperies of nine games of handball, five I
to constitute the winner, has been ar
ranged between B. Bheehan, proprietor of
the San Mateo court, and Phil Ryan, pro
prietor of the Sun Francisco court, at 868
Howard street, the games to be played in
this city at Rvan's court and at Shee
ban's in the adjoining county. The first
game will be played here next Sunday.
At yesterday's play the young cham
pion Rarlow was knocked hors i|e combat
by the more experienced veteran Hamp
ton. The results of the games were as fol
lows:
J. R. Bookman anJ T. F. Qulnn defeated E.
Lynch und A. J. Griffith. 21—20, 17—21, 21—17.
N. .1. Prendergaat and Dr. \V. 11. Sieberst
defeated K. McDonough and s. V. Costello,
21— 14, 12—21. 11— is.
M. Maffulra and B. Clpments defeated J.
Dowllnc Hiid W: Hassell, 21— US, 13—21. 21—15,
w. Hassell and -F. l^ewis defeated Bogie
Kenealey and A. Collins, 21—12. 14—21, 21— 1S>.
P. llutchinsoti and Si. Dillon defeated P.
Kelly and G. Hutchinson. 21—12. 14—21. 21—19.
M. Klrby and H. Housman defeated E.
Harry and J. Klrby, 21— IS*. 13—21. 21—12.
T. Serrea and A. "Witman defeated R. Ra
coulllat and S. Qulnn. 21—17. ti— 21. 21—19.
L. Ferro and <;. Sllvere defeated 1.. Ix>u and
G. O'Brien. 21—16. 15—21. 21—20.
A. Hampton defeated J. Harlow three
straight ganra, 21—18, 21— S, 21—4.
T. F. Bonnet and A. Hampton defeated .7.
<■ X-uiun and 11. J. Kilgallon. 21 8. 21 19,
21—19.
J. Q. EDWARDS
SUCCUMBS TO
PARALYSIS
The Newly Elected Member of
the Board of Equalization
Passes Away.
J. G. Edwards, one of the successful
candidates for membersh..> on the
State Board of Equalization from the
First or San Francisco District, sue-
The Late J. G. Edwards.
cumbed to a stroke of paralysis early
this morning at his home on California
street.
It will be remembered that less than
a week ago Mr. Edwards was attacked
by the dread disease while riding on a
street car.
The deceased was prominent in both
the social and business circles of this
city, and at the time of his death he
was the editor and proprietor uf the
Coast Review.
Ilia death occurred at two minutes
after 2 o'clock this morning.
INDIGNATION MEETING.
!
Colored People Gather and Discuss
the Race Question.
Rev. T. Brown conducted an indignation
meeting of colored people yest.-rday after
noon at. Star King African Methodist
Episcopal Zion Church. The meeting was
called to discuss the ra. ?■ question in view
of the recent outrages in the South.
Rev. Mr. Brown talked generally on the
subject, heaping reproach upon the laxity
of the enforcement of the laws, railing !
special attention To what he termed was ;
j an unjust discrimination against th>- <!^
scendants of the African people.
Mrs. Anderson of K.insas spoke on the
duties of colored mothers to purify the
race. She said that the colored peopli
born in this country were Americans and
as such were t-ntttled to the protection oi
the laws, justice and security. Others fol
lowed Mrs. Anderson and tile meeting ad
!journed.
NEAR THE CENTURY MARK.
Ninety-Nine-Year-Old Juana Casallas
Dies at the County Hospital.
Almost at her century milestone old
Senora Juana. Casallas died last Saturday
at the City and County Hospital. She whs
born In the City of Mexico and is the
mother, grandmother, great-grandmother
and gTeal-great-grandmother of number
less children scattered somewhere be
tween Los Angeles and her natal place.
She was a resident of this State sixty
years ago. She went back to Mexico and
returned with the forty-nlnera.
The old woman was almost without
frietnds or means and the remains have
not been claimed by any one Interested in
th« poor old creature.
CHIEF McLAUGHLIN
HERE ON A VISIT
Ex-Superintendent Byrnes Famous Captain
of New York Detectives, Arrived Last
Night on the Overland.
D. EPUTY CHIEF WILLIAM W. McLAUGHLTN of the Police Department of
the city of Greater New York arrived at the Palace last night, lie has
come to the Pacitic Coast on a pleasure trip and is accompanied by his wife
lie will remain for a week or ten daya and may visit the southern portion
of the State before returning to New York. Chief McLaughlin is almost as well
known here as he is in New York. At
the time he appeared before the Lexow
committee the press of San Francisco
was filled with long accounts of the in
vestigation. Chief McLaughlin is a
thoroughly business looking person. He
Is rather under height, but stockily
built. His hair is gray, but there is no
thing else about him to indicate the
thirty years of service he has seen in
the Police Department. At present he
Is one of the rive deputy chiefs and haa
charge of the borough of Manhattan.
Years ago he was a detective in the Dis
trict Attorney's office before Superin
tendent Byrnes was made Chief Inspec
tor. He was then associated with Detec
tive Richard O'Connor and they were
known as the "two Dicks." McLaughlin
was made detective sergeant by Super
intendent Byrnes when he took charge
of the Detective bureau, and afterward
made captain. He was In the Old Slip
station when transferred to the West
Thirtieth street station.
When seen last night Chief McTjangh
lin said: "I have merely come 10 San
Francisco on a pleasure trin. and I pro
pose to renasto bero a -week or ten days.
There is really notbJmr new that I con
tell you about the Police department of
New York that you do not already know
except that the department is now all
under one head, covering the five boroughs, which, of course, includes Brooklyn.
We have over 7000 men on the force at present. Under the new charter the Chief
of Police may ue appointed from any of the captains, Inspectors or deputy
chiefs,
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1893.
SICK OFFICERS
NO LONGER TO
BE TOLERATED
Police Commissioners
Call a Halt.
SEVERAL TO BE DROPPED
I
, INCAPACITATED FOR DUTY
THROUGH ILLNESS.
j The Heads of the Department Deter
mine to Weed Out the
Invalid Mem
bers.
It behooves the members of > the Police
Department not to be sick for any length
lOf time In the future. The Police Com
missioners have become tired of certain
members being laid up for several months
In the year and have decided to call a
halt. It is their Intention to keep a record
of the men who, through sickness, are un
able to do police duty. When a policeman
becomes sick It is their intention to make
a note of It and if he is incapacitated for
any length of time he will be. summarily
dismissed from tne department.
Chief Clerk Wright has been Instructed
by the Commissioners to keep a list of the
men who are reported sick. At the end of
each year the list will be considered by
the Commissioners and the ailing ones
who have been unable to do patrol duty ]
for any length of time will be dropped
from tiie roll. This d' ■ not include any
member who might be whot or Injured
while In the discharge of his duties.
There are several patrolmen who have
not reported for duty for some time owing
to sickness. The Commissioners have in
vestigated their cases and as they are !
convinced that they will never again be
able to do police duty they have decided
to dismiss them from the department.
Among the number is Policeman Maurice
Duane, whose bravery In entering the
cabin occupied by Theodore i'ark Haynes,
the murderer of Lieutenant Burke, won
for him the admiration of the entire Po
lice Department. While the snarpshooters
of the force were riddling the cabin with
bullets iii the hope that a stray shot
might disable the murderer. Dunne, alone
and unassisted, entered the cabin and
placed Haynes under arrest. IK- was tak
en ill several weeks later, and has since
been confined to his home. The attending
physician says he has lung trouble and
does not expect to save his life.
Another unfortunate, whose star is
about to be dimmed, is policeman Hen
nessey of the Central Station. Ue is af
flicted With cancer of the jaw and Is in a
critical condition, lie has been operated
on several times, but without success.
It is said that the sick officers will not
hear their fate until the Police Commis
sioners meet as a Pension Board in Janu
ary. They will then be dropped from the
roil with as little ceremony as possible.
At the same meeting Policemen More
house and Fred Smith will be retired on
pensions, having served the allotted twen
ty years and attained the age of 60 years.
RICH STAKES.
The Dates Are Set— To-Day's Kacing
Card.
The California Jockey Club has as
signed the following dates for stakes to
be decided in the near future at the track
across the bay:
Jl2so— The Follansbee handicap, all ases,
seven-eighths of a mile. Saturday, January 28.
— The Pacific Union stakes, all ages, mile
and an eighth, Saturday, February 4.
$3000— The Thornton stakes, 3-year-olds and
upward, four miles, Wednesday, February 22.
$1500— The Gunst stakes, all agres, mile and
a quarter, Saturday, February 25.
$1500— Lissak stakes, 3-year-olds, one
mile, Saturday, March 4.
$10,000— Burns handicap, all ages, mile
and a quarter, Saturday, March 25.
$:(.KjO— Palace Hotel handicap, all ages,
mile and an eighth. .Saturday, April 1.
$1500— The . Flood handicap, 3-year-olds, mile
and a half, Saturday. April 22.
$1500— The McLaughlin selling stakes, all ages,
mile and a sixteenth. Thursday, April 27.
$1250 — Kancho Del Paao stakes, 3-year
olds, mile and an eighth, Saturday, April 29.
At the coming two weeks' meeting 1 of
the California Jockey Club the following
stakes will be decided. The entries are
numerous and are herewith given:
— The Oakland prize stakes, 2-year-olds
(foals of 1896), one mile, Tuesday, December 27.
IS&S— Almoner, St. Apolllnaris, Violence, C.
H. Harrison Jr.. Corsine, Ailyar, Jingle Jlnple.
My Dear, The Offering, Senora Caesar, Espi
onage, Don't Tell, Sam McKeever, Rey del Rio.
Rrina 6> Cuba, Elsie, Olinthus, Fiero, Fermo,
First Tenor, Gauntlet, Humidity, Naplan, Ob
sidian, St. Isldor, Flamaro, Sweet Cakes, To
luca, Hannah Reed, Saintly, Lapenntente, Sir
Trlan, Siml, W. M. Murray, Rainier, Ravenna,
Baby King, Elizabeth R, Con Dalton, 171 m.
RaclnatlOß, Santa Flora, Earl Islington, Lime
water.
The following valuable stakes for two
year-olds, to be decided at Oakland track,
close on Monday, January 2, 1899:
Jl.-.oo— Athenian Club cup selling stakes,
3-year-olds and upward, two miles and a quar
ter, Saturday, December 31, 1898— Kitty B, Mar
plot, Rey del Bandidos, Buckwa, Can't Dance,
Daisy F. Sardonic, Won't Dance, Forte, Vin
cltor, Fersonne, }'aul Kauvar. Teutonia, Goto
bed. Jack Bradley, Wheel of Fortune. Twlnkler,
Linstock. Charlie Reif, Mercutlo, Judee Denny,
LEGAL KNOT FOR LAW MAKERS
When Will the Next Legislature Begin ;
Its Session ? ;
m MOST interesting question has arisen in regard to the meeting- of the
A next Legislature, one which promises to set the lawyers on edge and
/-A to provoke a storm of legal technicalities. The cause of It all is the
■*- juxtaposition of January 2 and the first Monday in the month of
January. The State constitution in a mandatory section sets the day for
Jie convocation of the Legislature as the first Monday after the first of
January. According to the calendar New Year's day falls on a Sunday
and by virtue of statutory law the day following is made a legal
loliday. This is where the conflict arises and forces the question: Can the
Legislature begin its session on a holiday or must it begin its session in
iccordance with the terms of the constitution?
The direct import and necessity of a speedy solution of this political
problem is bound up with the selection of a United States Senator. That
>fflcer is elected according to the political code on the second Tuesday
ifter the organization of the Legislature. If they do not meet on Monday
he organization will not be effected until a time which will necessarily
postpone the election of a United States Senator another week. The at
orneys and politicians about town have been discussing the question and
:he stronger and more authoritative opinions seem to point to the
lecessity of a convocation of the Legislature on Monday. January 2. The
following is the opinion of a well-known constitutional lawyer of this
•ity:
"The. State constitution (Article 4, Section 2) provides: The sessions of
he Legislature shall convene at twelve o'clock M. on the first Monday
ifter the fir- day of January next succeeding the election of its members,
rhis is mandatory (Article 1, Section 22.) The political code (Sections 235.
138, 23P) follows the direction of the constitution. Holidays are provided
'or by statute and cannot affect constitutional provisions. It follows that
he next Legislature will be called to order and that its session will com
nence on Monday, January 2, 1899, at 1- -U.
Twinkle Twtnk, The Roman, Howard S. Schil
ler, Veloz.
I $1500— Baldwin Hotel handicap, 2-year
olda and upward, one mile, Mbnday, January
2, 1599- Tim Toolfn, San Venado, Rey del Rio,
La Ooleta, Reina de t:uba. La Maroma, Olive,
General Arthur, Olinthus. Rosormonde, Col.
Wheeler, Oddson, Marplot, Napamax, Recrea
tion, First Tenor, Gauntlet, Humidity, Buckwa,*
Cromwell, Key del Tlerra, Roninante, Bernar
dlllo, Geyser, Paul Grigga, Hohenzollern, Sam
I McKeever. George Keene, Ben Hadad. Hurley
Burley, Toluca, Linstock, Funaovannah, Han
nah Reed,- Jennie Reed, Brier Sweet, Ben Doran,
I Saintly, Storm KiiiK. Malay, Rainier, Jud^e
l)enny. Ostler Joe, Ben Row, Satsuma, The
Roman, Greyhurst, Arbaces, Fleur de Lls,
Morelllto, Morinel.
$1000— Flying stakes, for foals of 1597, four
furlongs.
$1000— Racing stakes (selling), for foals of
; 1897, four furlongs.
| $1250— Waterhouse stakes, for foals of 1597,
four and a half furlongs.
51250— General Arthur Cigar stakes, for foals
of ISH7, four and a halt furlongs.
Candelarla handicap, for foals of 1597,
five furlongs.
$2000— Gebhardt stakes, for foals of 1597. Fu
turity course.
To-Day's Entries.
The card at Ingleside to-day caters to
the selling-plater division, and not much
can be said In favor of it.
The entries are as follows:
First race — One mile; selling:; all ages.
369 Beau Monde.. 106 3."i0 McFarlane 112
. 3G6 Ballverso 103: 556 Sokombeo U>3
3CO Gratify 112 369 El Venado 115
337 Morana 110 34$ Al Pall 110
3CI Judge Wofford. 771 855 Fellclte 77
Second race— One and a quarter miles; sell
iiir: 3-year-olda and up.
374 EUdad 104; Major Hooker.. 101
362 Lady Hurst 107! 2»7 Frank Jaubert..l(/7
Third race— One mile; selling; all ages.
261 Boardman 761 (SOG)Myth 10S
359 David Tenny....113 ... Robert Honner.lOS
(2Sl)Rey del Tlerrn.lll ... Merops 76
Fourth race— mile; all ages; Owners'
handicap.
(346) La Goleta 951 358 Morlnga 95
(352)Buckwa 100 1
Fifth race— and a half furlongs; selling;
maiden 2-year-olds.
272 Don't Tell 1051 378 Britomartis ....109
373 Raclvan 103 307 Aba tin 105
... Silver Girl 115 355 Crutch 11l
375 Watossa 11l 272 My Dear 107
Sixth race — Six furlongs; selling; 4-year-olds
and up.
320 Pat Murphy 102 1 293 Our Johnny. 105
BC4 Kamsln 102 I 372 TTnlverslty 102
103 Torsion 102 i 364 Don Fulano 105
360 Wyoming 102 1 ... ITohenzollern ..105
360 Cherrystone ...ME 345 Cabrillo 105
366 Lodestar 102;
Selections for To-Day.
First race — MoFarlane, Judge Wutfurd, Fe
flelte.
Kei'onrl race— Elidad, Frank Jaubert, Major
Hooker.
Third race— Rey del Tierra, David Tenny,
Myth.
Kei'onrl race— Elidad, Frank Jaubert, Major
Hooker.
Third race— Rey del Tierra, David Tenny,
Myth.
Fourth race— T^a Goleta, Moringa. Buckwa.
Fifth race— Don't Tell, Ra'ivan, Watossa.
Sixth race — Torsion, Don Fulano, Wyoming-.
SCANDIA IN POET.
Brings New York Volunteers and
Convalescent Soldiers From
Manila.
The United States transport Scandia,
from Manila, via Honolulu, reached port
last evening shortly before 7 o'clock, and
anchored off the barge office for the
night.
On board the vessel are 400 soldiers, 100
being convalescents and discharged men
from the army of occupation at Manila,
and the other 30. the Third Battalion of
the New York volunteers, which was sta
tioned at Honolulu. Major A. K. Soyul
Is In command of the New York troops.
Of the men from Manila all have recov
ered from their illness but live, and none
of these are seriously sick. Among the
passengers are eleven marines from
Dewey's fleet. Kight of these are dis
charged, their terms of enlistment having
expired, and three are prisoners to be
taken to Mare Island.
Captain Hart of the Scandia reports a
pleasant voyage. The run from Manila was
made in thirty-three days and that from
Honolulu In eight days.
The men from the First California who
returned on the Scandia are R. H. Ross
I. W. Eaton, Sinclair Moore and T. P.'
Boyes.
Captain Hull Here.
Captain John A. Hull, U. S. V., arrived
ADVERTISEMENTS.
-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■- ■-■-■-■-■-■-H-n-n-B-B-
Do You Want Strength?
To men who feel that .their vitaUpower Is wasting— who arc not as
strong as Jhey wish to be— Eltxtrraty'acts as a great aid. When it Is
poured info the nervous system for hows at a time every night, it ex-
pands all the vital forces of the body. This develops new tissues,
muscle and Dower. It makes a man feef Hke a riant.
"THREE CLASSES OF MEN," l« « little book which I have
written for weak, puny men. It is for men who want to bs strong- It
explains why most men have lost thdr pow«"aod how nay Electric Beit
restores it. Call or write for it— PREE.
DR. f\. X. SANDEN, *—■ — *
702 Mirk.t Btre.t. Otn.r K.*rey, 8m rraaolM.. ROT ||| Qft{jg STORES.
Offlc« hours, Sa.rn.toBp.rc.: Sundays, U
to 1. Branches at Los Angeles, Cal.. 133 west Dr. Banden's Electric Belt
Second street: Portland, Or.. 263 Washington Is never sold In drug stores
street; Denver, Colo., 911 Sixteenth street: nor by traveling agents; only
Dallas, Tei.. 185 Main strmt; Butte. Mont., at our office.
110 North Main street. * . g,
at the Palace yesterday. He is on his way
to Manila. Captain Hull is a son of Con
gressman Hull and was on the staff of
Major General Miles. He came from Ala
bama.
THE OTHER WISE MAN.
Subject of an Eloquent Address by
Father McCorry at St. Mary's
Church.
"The Other Wise Man" constituted the
subject of an interesting and eloquent lec
ture by leather McCorry la.st evening at
St. Mary's Church. The lecture, although
given for the purpose of emphasizing the
charity and love of one of the wise men
of Egypt in succoring his fellow man on
the desert at the risk of losing sight
of the Messiah, included a complete, pic
ture of the birth, life and death of the
Savior. Father McCorry spoke of the
rir.st advent of the miraculous star in the
eastern sky, and traced the journey of
the inspired sages from Kgy'pt to the
manger at Bethlehem.
in following them from country to coun
try the preacher never lo?t nor thoroughly
cast to the background the idea of the
Redeemer.
The lecture was concluded with an elo
quent description of the remaining days
or Christ on earth— his trial before and
condemnation by Pilate, his agony in the
garden ami hi.s death upon the cross
BIVAL BAXLOONISTS.
Two Aeronauts Sail an Air Kace at
Glen Park Yesterday.
Notwithstanding the fact that the day
was cold and cloudy and not otherwise
climatically arranged for outdoor attend
ance a large number of people visited
Glen Park and the Mission Zoo yesterday.
The. principal attraction was a novel af
fair in the .shape of a balloon race for
the championship and aeronautic honors
generally.
Professor Charles Conlon and Mile.
Anita were the contestants, and as the
big swaying- air ships left the ground to
gether they were greeted with cheers and
good-bvs commingled. They cut loose
from their balloons and dropped back to
earth almost at the same time— Conlon,
however, went higher than his fair com
fietitor. The decision was by popular bal
ot, each person present having one vote.
Conlon received 1050 and Mile. Anita 609
During the afternoon Madame Schell
pave an interesting exhibition with her
three performing lions.
CHRISTIANITY AND LABOR.
In his topic, "Christianity as Applied to
Labor," Rev. William Rader at the Third
Congregational Cliurch, after showing
how little up-to-date Christianity sympa
thized with the soul needs of the laboring
man, severely arraigned the churches for
their sin of omission. '•Religion." said the
speaker, "must work not so much for the
salvation of the individual as for the sal
vation of Society. Christ died for the
world, not fur one man, and it is time
for the ministers of the gospel to speak
the kingdom of heaven into the heart of
labor. The church has been interested in
other matters too long already. The
church Is not antagonistic to the working
man, though the Socialists hold to that
idea."
A Victim of Footpads.
G. B. Thorne," a laborer, was taken to
the Receiving Hospital last night to be
treated for a nasty gash on the chin,
which he said was caused by his being
thrown on a curbstone by two footpads.
Four stitches were needed to close the
gaping wound. Thorne claims that he was
walking on Stevenson street, between
Sixth and Seventh, when two men grap
pled with him for the purpose of robbing
him. In falling he struck the curb and
the footpads, seeing his condition be
came frightened and ran off without com
pleting their work.
Prizes for French Students.
The closing exercises of Professor Me
frefs French School, on Powell stree,
were held yesterday afternoon at the
rooms of the institute before an immense
audience. Prizes of honor for excellent
scholarship in the French langauge and
various other studies taught were award
ed and many diplomas presented to grad
tiating students.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®
•> - ®
® r*l TV [YE $&% i-C% DA O I £
® DRY GOODS COMPANY. ®
I CLOAK am SUIT DEPARTMENT I
® ■■■ill ft E\ illiJJ ill i I§E ■§ fi S3 9 vfi I b a I ®
® UJJUIIII. .= UVll JJJLSJL Hill IUJJII 1 ®
®. _ ®
| GREAT HOLIDAY OFFERING 1
® ' . ...0f... 9
© High Grade Ladies 5 dISIJi i¥id£JG Suits:
® ° ■ ®
® 50 Suits, with double-breasted 6-button English Walking Sacques. ®
® 50 Suits, with double-breasted tight-fitting Jackets, in black, navy, mixed ®
® blue, green, tan and brown, Venetian twill, Victoria flounced skirt, at ®
1 " S/8.00. I
® • . Regular price $22. 50. (S)
® We will also offer a limited quantity of Cheviot Suits, skirt and jacket, J?
® in black, blue, brown, green and gray. *
0 With plain skirts $21.00 ®
® With flounce skirts $22.50 ®
® Regular price $25 and $27. 50. ©
® ALL OUR SUITS ARE NOTED FOR HIGH-GRADE FINISH AND PERFECT FIT. ©
7? ' Country Orders Carefully and Promptly Attended To.
® STORE OPEN EVERY EVENING @
0 UNTIL CHRISTMAS. 0
® CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, 1
® SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, S. F. .©
® UNION SQUARE. ®
® ®
®®®s3®®®®®®®®®"s®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®©®@
FOR THE HOLIDAYS
Large and Well-
Assorted Stock of
OPERA GLASSES, FIELD GLASSES,
LORGNETTES, OPERA - GLASS
BAGS, GOLD SPECS AND EYE-
GLASSES.
PRICES WITHIN REACH OF ALL.
OPEN EVENINGS, Beginning December 12.
14 and 16 Kearny St.
18QQ
BICYCLES.
C1eve1and....... |40;00
Crescent - -SII'.OO
7VOIV IN STOCK.
FULL LINE OF JUVENILE $20.00
BICYCLES $25.00
LEAVITT & BILL,
309 Larkln St.
dE^ggg^s^sj?!^,—- UOCTOR
mgr^W m EY E RS
fj§& < !^§g&m&\ eci£lists for MBD
ESTABLISHED IT YEARS. _. Alj J J FREE.
1 riO'is^nds cure.! at iioni>*
All Mtm c.nfldmtui. Xo Charge for Consultation.
731 SA^FBANCISCO | E'^ator Entrance.
ARIS 181 anci Morphine Habits
I iwJii Inn cured at home - Write
- IS I? 1 1 VI for full particulars and
Mi I Will book free
INDIAN OPIUM CURE, B. D. K'MMIS.
201 Turk St., San Francisco. :
Laitra. I bought my first supply of Rtpans Tabnles
more out of curiosity than anything else,
and was very much surprised at the goodi
results which followed their use. I had
often seen them advertised, but being a little
prejudiced against patent medicines I thought
they would do me no good. In future
never want to be without them. I had been
troubled with indigestion and dyspepsia for
along time, and although I tried many kinds
of medicine, I never found anything really
to do me much good until I tried Ripaaj
.Tabule*
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
■ OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Helvetia Swiss Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF ST. GALL,. SWITZERLAND. ON THE
31st day of mber, A. P. 1897, and for
the year ending on that day, as made to tha
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Cash msh-ket value of all stocks and
bends owned by company $649,362 51
Cash in company's office 42 63
Cash in , banks 117,616 31
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 3,516 <",a
Premiums in due course of collection 73,133 8d
Total assets ! '. $843,677 72
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $5,733 54,
Losses in process of adjustment or
In suspense 27.007 <»
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 5,303 35
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less. $303,750 2S;
reinsurance 50 per cent 152.575 14
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning: more than one year, $J0,761 12;
reinsurance pro rata 30,563 "X
Due and accrued for salaries, rents.
- etc • - :.I9 63
All other demands against the com-
pany "• 30,027 M
Total liabilities $251,530 S3
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire
i premiums $346,046 96
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 22,736 83
Total Income $368,783 73
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses (in-
cluding $15,702 54, losses of previous
years) •••• $99,622 ES
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage ■" 82,307 10
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 2,525 00
Paid for State, national and local
taxes 4,913 15
All other payments and expendi-
tures 14,006 23
Total expenditures $203,564 U
Fire.
Losses incurred during the year $120,263 77
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of ri?ks writ-
ten during the year.... $46,567,203 $456,58115
Net amount of risks ex-
pired durins the year.. 51,500,05S 318.371
Net amount in force De-
cember 31. 1597 86,055,649 356,51140
. ELIJAH R. KENNEDY.
Of Weed & Kennedy.
United States Managers.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 23d
day of February, JS9S.
F. FISHBECK, Notary Public.
SYZ Sc CO.,
General Agents,
301 California Street.
BAN FRANCISCO. <
Weekly Ca11,51.50 per YearALL THE SPORTS OF A DAY.
SAN FRANCISCOS
EASILY DEFEAT
THE FLORISTS
The Score Eighteen
to Three.
DOYLE PROVED AN EASY MARK
SO DID THE ENTIRE SAis JOSE
TEAM.
The Game Was About the Poorest Ex
hibition Ever Seen, and Some
Bad Ones Have Beer.
Witnessed.
By JOE CORBETT.
The Pacific Coas. League has played Its
last game, and, my. what a miserable af
fair it was. About one-fourth of the usual
crowd that is generally present on Sun
days turned out to see the closing contest,
and linding from the outset that the game
was to be one of those rag-time mix
ups made the best of the situation and
amused themselves in cheering and ap
plauding players and plays, just show
that, despite the awful exhibition, tV.ere
existed no hard or ill feelings. The crowd
was unreasonably good natured, consider
ing the very cold weather and the order
of ball played. They had no favorite
club, bestowing their adulation upon all,
and for this they deserve to be compli
mented.
The Frlscos, who nave been mixed up I
in more inferior games than any two clubs I
In the league, and most always on the :
wrong end. surprised the populace yester- !
day by winning the contest in so Isive
a nner that room for argument could
not cist. And the victory, considering
the line-up presented by the Florists, was
In a sense glorious. l thought, on seeing
Doyle of the champion Gilt Edges walk
into the box for the collection of Mc-
Gucken; that the game was over so far
as the Friscos' chances were concerned.
But this is just where 1 made a huge
mistake. Doyle was hammered over
Recreation' Park In a manner that was
really distressing and appalling. It is a J
wonder to me that he continued to the !
end thout registering some sort of a j
complaint, but I guess the boy has been j
there before; at least, he gave that im
pression. It must not be conjectured from j
what I have said relative to Mr. Doyle's I
hureh ■ itment that he was alone re
sponsible tor the i.umiliating defeat. That |
would be doing him a great injustice, j
■\Vhile it is true he was batted unmerci
fully for such a "star" twirler, yet his
cohorts contributed quite largely toward
assisting him to defeat by their many er
rors and hair-raising wild throws.
To give a correct Idea of the extent to
which these men, who are supposed to |
capture base hits and make them when at i
bat, went in their endeavors to outd< the '
baseball world I will say that Mr. Hop- !
kins Ith a man on third interfered with a I
pround ball, then picked it up and tossed j
it not only over Murphy's head, but clear
ir.to the bleachers. This same individual
ir.ade five errors, all told, and they were
costly. Combined with his misplays
wire clever ones, but this Bide must not
be taken into consideration. immid up
the supporters of Mr. Doyle made nine
large, juicy yellow errors. * Every one of
them was responsible in some form
for a run and a few were respon
sible for more than one. It is quite i
j.nsslble then that Mr. Doyle was not the
only bad egg In yesterday's game. The i
part he played is by no means rving j
of mmen lati< i and yet he must find in
finite consolation in the fact that outside
of the "Friscos' " work there is not a sol
itary thing worthy of mention in an ap- |
proving sense. This is cruelly so. The .
"Florists" to a man played like a bunch !
of Lmboo p< ddlers. It appeared as j
though they were striving to outdo the j
many other poor hibitions that have
time and again been witnessed in the vi
cinity of Recreation Park, and if this be
the ease they succeeded admirably. In fact,
thr-ir success in this respect wa such as to
arouse even the displeasure of Mr. Raver,
the "collection warrior." and their oppo
nents, who up to this moment were head
and heels ahead of all competitors.
There is, of course, no comparison be
tween the two teams as they played yes
terday. The Friscof won with an ease
that was »hing— they so seldom win
with ease— and played an almost faultless
game. Batting and good base running i
marked their march through the "Flor- j
istf?." while theii fielding was simply su- i
perb, savi In one or two cases. Shea !
pitched a steady, earnest game and kepi j
the opposition guessing at all times. The
boy has always work hard and earnest- j
ly. no matter what position they played
him in. Smith made a wonderful one
handed stop, but in his anxiety threw
badly to llrst and spoiled a good opportu-
The score follows:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. ]■:. j
E. lith, 2b 6 3 2 13 10'
H. Kru<?. s. 8 « 2 2 1 2 2 0
Murphy, lb 3 2 0 13 0 0
Hammond, C 5 2 2 0 4 1 o I
i 'roll. I. f 6 2 3 0 10 0
Ilroekhoff. 3b 5 l l 0 1 2 1 |
r'iinl»ivy. c. t 5 2 1 2 3 1 0
Ftroecker. r. f 4 3 10 4 0 0
Shea, p 3 110 0 2 0
Totals ...41 1? 13 5 27 S 1
SAN JOSE.
Hopkins, 3b 3 110 2 5 5!
Pj-n*. 1. f 5 10 0 0 0 0)
IU-lliy. 21) 4 0 10 3 5 1]
McGucken. c. f 3 0 o 0 0 0 0
Hanlon, lb 4 1 2 0 14 0 1
Eacan b. s 3 0 10 0 3 0
Foley. r. f 4 0 0 0 0 0 1,
Kent, C 4 0 10 5 11
Doyle, p 4 1 2 _0 _0 J 0 I
Totals 31 3 8 0 24 16 9 I
RUNS BY INNINGS.
San Joee 0 0000. 10 3 o— 4
Base hits 0 0102202 1- <S i
San Francisco 3 5 10 0 0 2 7 •- 18
Huso hits 1 3 2 0 0 0 3 4 '—13
SUMMARY.
nuns responsible for— Poyle 3. Bh»a I. Two- :
ba.«e hits— H. Krug, Stroecker. R»iily. E.
Smith. First base on errors— Franctaco 5,
Pan Joise 1. First base on called balls— San-.
Francisco 3, Ran Jose I. •-• '' on ba» s— .San .
Francisco C, San Josa 7. Struck out— By Doyle
6 by Sttm 3. Hit ■by pitcher— 2. I
Pa??P'l balls— K>m 2. Time ot game— l:4s. j
Umpire* — McDonald ami Charles Swee
ney. Ofllcial scorer— J. W. Btapleton.
Altos Won.
The Altos defeated the Golden Gates to
day at Recreation Park by a score of 4
to 1. ■
FIGHT FOR A COURTROOM.
Judge Mogr.n Steals a March on the j
Newly El"**^ Tur.ges.
Since the recent elections there has been j
much speculation as to which of the Po- j
lice Judges would occupy the court room I
now occupied by Judg< Joaehimsen.
Juuge-elcct Graham, who has been Prose
cuting Attorney of the court, considered i
that ie had the best right, to it, but Judge |
Mogan differed from him and believed
that he had B prior right to it on the
ground of lorlty.
The City Hall Commissioners! met last
Thursday j and Tossed a resolution trans- I
ferring Court No. 1 to I "<>lirl NO. 3. and
vice versa, and yesterday afternoon Judge
Mogan with a corps of assistants trans
erred his desk and other furniture to
IfJudtfc Joachimsen's chambers and took
the trouble to transfer Judge Joachimsen's :
desk and other effects to the chambers ,
vacated by him. The sign on the door
was also changed from No. ■': to No. l and ;
. now locks were placed on the doora.
f Judifi Mogan will therefore In future hold
court in the larger and more commodious
court room.
■ ♦ ■
jfostage on the Holiday Ec 1 tion of
The Call is: Domestic, 3 cents; For
eign,. 6 cents. J
JOHN PAUL COSGRAVE.
Or>e of the Gold-Medal Winners in the 50-Yards Pistol Contest of
the Columbia Club. Record: Two and Thjree-Tentbs Inches
prori) the Needle-Point Center, Average for Ten Shots.
MARKSMEN IN
LAST SHOOT
OF THE YEAR
Columbia Rifle Club
Awards Medals.
REUNION AT SHELL 'MOUND
MRS. M. J. WHITE WINS SECOND
CLASS PRIZE WITH PISTOL.
A. H. Pape Crowned Shooting Chief.
John P. TTtschig and F. P.
Schuster Make Top
Scores.
The last shoot of the year was held at
Shell Mound yesterday, and though the
day was not propitious a good crowd
gathered at the ranges. The Columbia
>] and Rifle club celebrated the event
with a grand banquet and social reunion,
at which :ifiy guests assembled. Presi-
Dr. L. O. Rodgers presided over the
There was speech-making gi
and the advisability of forming a West
i m association of riflemen was discussed
at some length.
Mrs. M. J. White, who won the second
class medal, is the only woman who has
Mtered a competition on equal terms
with men with pistol at lifty yards and
beat them in the contest. Her scores
have actually equaled the requirements
■ ■
The - members are winners in
medals, pistol, best live scores of
the ;. ear:
Champion class— J. K. Gonnan — U, 47, :*, 47,
■ .;, 217.
Class— G. M. Bailey-44, 46, 55, 56, 56.
Mrs. M. J. White-D6, 64, 66,
ii.mi class— J. P. Cosgrave— s3, 55, 68, 65, 66.
Total, ."J7.
. same, conditions Champion stake— A. H.
. oti. Total, IM7.
i-irst <ia.--.«— J. K. Gorman-— U, 59, 7», .J, It.
t Total, 3i»i.
i Second class— G. M. Uailey-81, 77. 82, 107, 101.
Total, 445.
'lhird ciass— G. M. Mannel— i*3, 93, 106, 109.
Total, 450.
; Uushnell military rifle trophy, Creedmoor
I count— A. H. P pe— 4», 49, -a, 4* ,48 ,4S, 48, 4s,
1 4S, i- Total, 452.
! Biebe pistol medal— E. Gorman— 29, 29, -.
; 23, 37, 37, 30, 3.". 35, 37. Total, 339.
Members' pistol medal— G. M. Bailey— 39,
I 53, 56. 51. ..... 46, 49, 41, «3. Total, 4M.
Colts-liisley revolver trophy— J. E. Gorman—
' 49, 51, 51, 53, 55, 4!>, 43, 54, b£, 47. Tola!. 503.
i enty-two and 25-caitber rifle and Roos
I pby lor ladies— A. B. Dorell— 2o, IS, 18, 2u,
Is, IS, 20. IS, 2u, 10. Ttutal, lai.
• Airs. C. F. Waltham— il, 27, 33, 24, 28, 29, 30,
33, 30, 30. Total, 'Sj'o.
Diploma for all-round championship, two
scores to count— A. H. Pape— Alusket, . 40, 52;
rille. 3i», 41; 22-callber. 25, 'U; uistul, Vj, 42;
revolver, (9, SH. Total, 408.
Team match, first five shots, rifle and pistol,
contestant having highest ten-shot score be
', ing crowned chlei as is customary at the end
1 of the year—Captain Dr. L. O. Kodgers' team—
A. ii. I'a.ie (chief) 35, F. E. Mason 55, K.
Hovey €6, E. Jacobson "I, C. F. Walthain 10$,
E. A. Moore So, Mrs. Waltham US, M. J.
White LOS. Total, 743.
F. O. Young (captain) C 6; J. C. Gorman 71,
C. M. Daiei SS, G. Mtitey 89, J. P. Cosgrave
. 123, Mrs. Mannel 103, A. H. Cady 122, Mrs. M.
.J. VVhltfl l-s. G. Mannel 13$. Total, 91$.
I Igers' team won by a margin of 175 points.
All-comers re-entry matches winners, rille,
! ten-fihot scores, ten belt scores win — A, H.
Pape 39, 41, 42, 44, 46, 47, 47, 47. 47, 4«. ' Total,
448.
Members' rifle, same conditions — J. E. Gor
man 57, 58, Tj7. 55, 56, 55, 56, 15, 49, 57. Total, 545.
The scores of the clay were:
. All-comers' rifle medal— A. 11. Pape 47, 47, 46;
D. W. McLauKhlln S6. S7.
'Members' rille ,-iedal— G. M: nnel 68: A.
i Gchret 86.
• Bushnell military rill- medal— J. E. Gorman
4S. 47. 47; F. O. You up 46. 43.
Pistol ranee, 50 yards, 10-»hot scores, Colum
i bia target. Biebe medal— P. CostTave 54, 57,
I 60. 61, ». 102: G. M. Barley 3i*, 53; C. M. DaiSS
j 37: F. U. Young 76.
I Colts-Blsley revolver trophy— A. H. Pape
I 19 .'«, 71. i
22 find 2.*. rifle- P. Jacobson 19, 20, 22, 23, 23.
I 23. M, 26.
i bia target, Siebe medal— P. Cosrrave 54, 57,
I 60. 61, ». 102; ii. M. Barley 39, 53; C. M. Dales
j 37: F. U. Young 76.
' Colts-Blsley revolver trophy— A. H. Pape
! (9 .■•;. 71. I
! 22 nnd 2.*. rifle— J.- P. Jacobson 19, 20, 22. 23, 23.
I 23. M, 16.
In the Germania Schuetzen Club the
$75 diamond medal for making highest
five 10-shot scores on the ring target dur
ing the year was won by Fred P. Schus
ter, with a score ot 224. D. McLaughlin
was close up. with 223. The cash prizes
were won as follows:
John P. t'tsehlg 1190, score 723; D W. Me
Laußhlin $75, 722; A. Strecker JSO. 720: F. P.
•Schuster $36, 719; I>. B. Faktor $20. 710; A.
.iiiripWut $15. 697; N. Ahrens. F. E. Mason. L.
Bendel and E. Ooetse each JlO, 690 69C. 656. 679.
Those were for marksmen making high
est t*>n 3-shot scores for the year. The
prizes will bo awarded on tho third Fri
day In January at California Hall.
The bullseyc shoot score was:
J Utsehlß 221, F. Sehueter 263, L. llnnko 404,
U. ' B Faktor 461, H. Zeeher Cll. William
Garms 640. H. Stettin 07", J. <1(> Wit 9(5, A.
Jungblut 1004, D. Saulfleld 1041. B. Goetze 1045,
J. Gefken 1063. H. H»llherK 1320. F. Rtist 1341.
San Franclpoo Schuetzen \>reln bullseye
ehoot— John Lankenau 106. PreO Pape 258,
John Utschiß u33. D. Dunker 652, I.iavM Saul-
Reld 797 l>. B. Faktor 820. Otto L«mcke 566.
LoulK Pendel $48, L. Hanke 1164, Adolph Bertel-
BOn 1230. E. H. Goetie 341, Charles Thlerbach I
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1898.
525, A. H. Pape 655, Augustus Jungrblut 784,
rd Pinking . ■ ■ :t. Au
ct-ning 945, If. P. Ltlkendey
Henry Hellberg 1166, John de Witt IJ3O.
Company A. Fifth Regiment, National
California, in its monthly class
and m< ■ • >rded as follows:
pan 42, Corporal i-n -tit, C.
7 : :ilis 39, F. Peterson 37, Cofboral Poußer 36,
I Cron 30, Corporal King 42. Sergeant
ter 38, Lieutenant Hunt
36, ..'. A. Depuy 33, D. Valentlni s A. Wil
22 W. Slack 1!>. ( > W
ire 26 R O. fork 23 G
Xi.li .Is 18. J. Nethercott 9
AT SCHUETZEN PARK.
D. B. Faktor Wins the California Club
Diamond Medal.
Th< t the California ~ ■ etzen
Club made a linn of D. B. Faktor at
Schuetzei Park yesterday, hurrahed for
him. toasted liim and sang- his praise in
lyric verse — almost went to the extreme
arrylng him around on their should
i high was their enthusiasm. Faktor
is now ;; "Dig gun" because by the best
average for the past year he won the.
whlch he proudly wore
away fi"m the park.
The score of this keen-eyed marksman
fur the year was 3172. Seven of his shots
measured less than out-half an inch from
a dead center.
The medal for the best first shot of the
year was awarded to F. i\ Schuster and
for the best last shot to A. Strecker. J.
Tammeyer took the sold medal in the
class and E5. Woenne was awarded
3eci md medal.
In the regular monthly bullseye contest
of the California Club J. Jones of San
Quentin took first place, with J. F. Robin
son and C. J. Walden, both from the same
classic villa, respectively second and
third. The score in detail was as fol
lows:
J. Jonea 65X, J. L. Utschig Jr. 735, J. F.
I, C. ■'- Walden F. Schumann
'.•Hi, A. Breusa 827, O. Hurmelster 1067. A.
:■ ill!. O. Bremer U4B, M. Rf-ulmli nsx,
A. Hampel 1233, R. Finking 12M. L. Reubold
1233, Charles Sagehorn 1296, Captain F. At
tlncer i:{47, H. Kuhls 13M, A. N. Boyen 162G,
J. H. Turner 1634. R. Langer 1810, A. Rahwyler
R. Btettin 2UI, J. Straub 2183. A. Vtschlg
167, Phllo Jacoby 2454.
Lieutenant R. Kommer of the San
Francisco Turners, distinguished himself
after tin: fashion ol Faktor i>y winning
the diamond medal of that organization,
making an average score of 81. Medals
were won by others in the following
order:
J. I'tschig- Sr. If s. O. Rrirner 146, J. Goessner
156, Philo Jacoby 159. In the drum corps shoot
H. Jonas won the first and F. Krinckel the
medal.
The Vereln Eintracht monthly bullseye
contest resulted in the marksmen lining
up as follows: First, 11. Stettin; second,
H. Bchwelger; third, J. Zahn; fourth. A.
Wirtner; fifth, C. Mullcr; sixth, C. Yon
Hart wig; seventh, C. F. Over; eighth, C.
Suehrstedt; ninth. C. Ellinger.
At noon the marksmen of the California
Club were banqueted in the pavilion by
Fred Schumann. Philo Jacoby, the orator,
drew attention to the fact that the or
ganization Is the only one in America that
owns its park and shooting stands. The
final amount on Its indebtedness was paid
hist week. The name of Albert Ehrenp
fort, the president of the club, was loudly
cheered, as was a reference to his feat
at Manila in killinp three Spaniards in
three consecutive shots. Ehrenpfort has
never written home about this, but his
friends have not been so modest.
Philo Jacoby will be the next president
of the club. The annual election of officers
will occur on the first Tuesday in Janu
ary.
CYCLISTS ON THE DIAMOND.
Olympics Defeat the Bay Citys for
the Hammersmith Trophy.
Hits, kicks and two grateful umpires
were the principal incidents of yester
day's ball game between the Olympic Club
Wheelmen and the Bay City Wheelmen.
The former got the decision, thereby
placing themselves on equal terms with
the Bay Citys for the Hammersmith
trophy.
The doughnut chasers not to work right
at thr start and gathered in nine runs
lin seven innings while the Bay Citys
were "shoving" two men across the plate, j
Then Fuller went to pieces and his as
sociates nearly had heart failure when '
the Bay Citys Bcored -five runs in the
eighth. Two more came in the ninth, but
the Olympians took one in their half of
the eighth, winning the game by the fol
lowing score:
BAY CITY. ~" ! ,'•
Al3. K. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Casassa, l. f 4 v l 12 0 0
Kanzce, c. f 4 10 10 0 0
McGinn. 3b 5 0 12 24 0
Commery, r. f 5 1 2 0 0 0 0
nnor, b. a 2 2 1 o 3 1 o
Hall, c 5 2 10 7 10
OToole, 2b 4 12 12 2 2
Menne, li> 3 2 2 '0 8 3 2
White, p 3 ' 0 10 0 2 1
Totals 35 9 11 5 24 13 5
OLYMPIC
AH. K. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
O'Kane, s. s 2 2 10 .2 3 1
James, c 5 14 14 2 0
Follansbee. 2b., 4 3 2 14 3 1
Cosgrove, 1. f 5.0 20 10 0
Lane. 3b 5 13 0 13 0
Fuller, p 4 0 10 0 3 0
Cartwrlght. r. f 4 11110 0
I'im kwitz. c. f 4 0 10 2 0 0
Cordes, 11. 3 2 1 0 12 0 0
Totals 36 10 16 S 27 14 SI
RT'.VS BY INNINGS."
Bay City 0 0200005 2—9
Olympic 2 10 2 2 2 0 1 •— I
SUMMARY.
Home run— Hall. Three-base hit— Follansbee. j
Two-bare O'Toole, Oaßaasa. Cosgrove, |
Lano. Sacrifice hit— Cartwrlght. Double plays
-O'Kane to Cordes (2); Menne to O'Toole.
Struck out— By Fuller 2, by White 4. Left on
bases — Bay City 5, Olympic 7. Passed balls—
Jamrs 1, Hall 1. Wild pitches— 1, White
1. Time of K/ime — 2:15. Umpires— Beardsley
and Hutz. . Bcortr ■J. H. Anderson.
■ ♦ ■
Canada exports to England 90 per cent
of all the cheese manufactured there.
thirty years ago. . •
MOONDYNE HAS
A HARD MATCH
WITH PATRIA
Dean's Dog Wins a
Fast Match.
FOUR SENSATIONAL HEATS
SOME GREAT SPORT IN THE FOR-
TV DOG STAKE COTJRSiI.
Matchless and Pat Mailoy Follow a
Lively "Jack" for More Than
Six Minutes and
Lose It.
A match race for $500, a forty
dog stake race and a balloon ascension
race and parachute drop within seeing
distance were a few of the many specta
cles that contributed to the enjoyment of
a tremendous crowd at Ingleside Cours
ing Park yesterday. The initial perform
ance attracted the greater interest, al
though there were stages in the big stake
race that made It a close second in point
of interest.
As anticipated, the betting on the out
come of the match between Patria and
Moondyne was heavy. Both dogs had a
large following, and before the rundown
the excitement was intense. As the rivals
were led to the slips by their respective
trainers they were closely examined and
found to be in superb fettle. The dogs
were slipped to a fast "jack," but it was
quickly overtaken by speedy Moondyne
and killed. l:w the next round Patria
evened matters by scoring ten points to
her rival's tour in a chase after a
I "long" hare. Patria's win gladdened the
hearts of the "shortenders, as she was
played at o to 3.
I On their next iippearance Moondyne was
a slight favorite. The dogs were in such
good condition that the jack was killed
before it had made much progress. Judge
Grace's decision "undecided" was greeted
j with loud applause, as bettors were tiven
another chance for their money.
An hour later the dogs were slipped for
their final heat. Moondyne led up and
took the turn by three lengths, gaining a
i "wrench," when Patria shot forward and
"killed," spoiling her chances of landing
the big purse. Moondyne' 8 score was 4
;.' Patria a 2%.
Elcperts were of the opinion that Moon
dyne won the race on fiis merits. They
believe him much faster and stronger
than his rival, but qualify their asser
, tions by adding that Patria is not far bt
hind him in both essentials.
The feature of the stake race, and there
were many during the afternoon, was the
' course between Matchless and Pat Mal
loy.. The last named dogs chased back
and forth across the big park for six
minutes and thirty-five" seconds and
stopped from exhaustion, the hare
scampering to the escapes. This course
was one of the longest ever witnessed at
the park, and created a sensation. Judge
Grace's steed became tired following me
long clia.se. and the man who bestrode it,
fearing fatal results to the hounds, or
dered them stopped. This was an easy
task, as they were barely trotting. Pat
Malloy was awarded the flag, but was
afterward withdrawn.
In the minds of many Matchless might
1 have ended the course earlier in the game
and won but for the long run he experi
enced in the previous round.
Favorites landed often, but the infre
quent victories of the "shortenders" add
ed spice to the betting.
Following are the results and the num
ber of points scored by each dog:
Non-winners" Btake— M. Miohallk's Fireball
'■ beat A. M&mey's Hattie, D — 6; Eclipse ken
nel'a Diana beat J. O'Donnell's Las Falmas,
B—2; Russell & Wilson's Lady Herschel beat
T. F. Logan's Miss Grizzle, 12—3; Henry
Spring's I'at Mailoy beat Dillon & Rellly's Re
volver, 18—4; D. Kaher's Ucll of Moscow beat
F. A. McComb'a Rush o' Hill, 6— o; D. Healy'i
Matchless beat Captain Clarkson's Lady Jane,
4—v;4 — v ; Pembroke kennel's Sylvanus beat J.
yuane's Thad Stevens, S— 3; J. H. Ferlgo's
Wayfarer beat T. J. Cronln'a Maid of Batl,
13— H; T. J. Crontn's Florence N beat S. E.
Portal's Laurelwood 11, 3—2; H. A. Deckel
man's Pet Klrby beat Pembroke kennel's Ter
rona, I—6; G. Smart's Silkwood beat D.
i Hooper's Prince of Fashion, lO'-fc— 2; Pembroke
kennel's Magic beat Joe Perry's Commodore
! Nash, IS— 10; P. J. G. Kenna's Mira Monte
beat .1. Quune's Marietta, 5%— 1; Larkey &
Rock's Kinorakl beat J. L. Sear's Beauty,
; 9—5; Russell & Wilson's Victor Queen beat S.
K. Portal's Gallagher, 12—0; P. Heran's Martha
Washington beat J. H. Perlgo's Belle Seward,
I 5—3; A. Fanning ? Habe Murphy beat J.
i O'Dowd's Mission Tip, 11—7; A. Merrills Kerry
Gow beat E. J. Heney's Harkaway. 14—1; J.
P. Thrift's St. Michael beat H. A. Deckel
: man's Prince George, 25—20, time, 2:17; G.
I Lnkussens Preclta Girl beat M. Allen's Miss
Alice, 6—5.
: Third round— Diana beat Fireball, 4—2; Pat
I Mailoy beat Lady Herschel. s—l; Matchless beat
Belle of Moscow, 5V4— 1; Sylvanus beat Way
i farer, 4—2: Pet Klrby beat Florence X, 9—2;
! Mapic beat Rllkwood, 10—5; Emerald beat Mira
Monte, fi-3; Victor Queen bent Martha Wash
ington, IS— 6; Babe Murphy beat Kerry Gow,
E .; St. Michaels beat Precita Girl. 7—6.
Fourth round— Pat Mailoy beat Diana, 10—1;
i Matohlesss and Sylvanus no go; Pet Kirby beat
; Maple. 41-19, time 3:29; Victor Queen beat
! Emerald, 10-6; St. Michael beat Babe Murnhv,
; 9—6.
; Fifth round— Pat Mailoy beat Matchless. 26—
i 19, time 6:35; Victor Queen beat Pet Klrby,
18—0; St. Michael ran a bye with Forgive and
was beaten, B—4.8 — 4.
! Sixth round— Pat Mailoy withdrawn.
Final— Victor Queen brat St. Mirhnel. 15—7.
Match race, run-down— J. Dean's Moondyne
beat Lowe & Thompson's Patria. s—o.5 — 0.
Second round— Patria heat Moondyne, 10 — 4.
Third round— l'mieci.ied.
Final— Moondyne beat Patria, 4— 2 H.
UNION PARK RECORDS.
Interesting Buns and Plenty of Ex
citement at the San Mateo
Grounds.
The score of the coursing at Union
Park yesterday was as follows:
Second round— Milo kennel's Victor Klnjc
beat T. F. Hatton's Tie Toe; Russell & Wil
son's Jennie Wilson beat Bartels Bros.' Mind
I Your Eyo: H. F. Andersen's Crawford Braes
I beat \V. Creamer's Jersey Lily; Yosemlte ken
i nel's Beauty Spot beat Yosemlte kennel's Wild
; Lassie; Curti3 & Sons' Commodore heat Aenid
; kennel's Bona Pea: E. Baumelster's O'Grady
i beat Joseph P. Thrift's Forpet; Curtis & Sons'
j Luxor beat Pasha kennel's Metallic Imp;
| Pasha kennel's Emln Pasha beat E. &- R.
! Scott's Lord Byron; D. Ford's ltonlta beat E.
i R. de Lopez's Mlneapolis; -LarXey & Rocks'
Liberty Bell beat Aenld kennel's Maid of
Erin; F. Moran's Golden Russet beat Euchre
kennel's Left Bower; Mllo kennel's Rock Isl
and Boy beat T. .1. Cronln's Thornhill: Pasha
kennel's Firm Friend beat R. E. de Lopez's
Quiver; F. McCarthy's Rosebud beat J. Monk
hduse'e Breach of Promise: R. E. de Lopez's
Green Valley Maid beat Joseph Egan's May
flower: F. Moran's. Fal?" Flatterer beat J. J.
I Edmonds' Morning- Glory: J. Seggerson's
i Whit.-> Chief beat Aenld kennel's Van Clole;
I J. F. Wehmeyer'H One Spot beat T. J.Cronin's
Sfill Trying. ' ■ ■ ■■■.'■';.
Third round— Jennie Wilson beat Victor Kinsr;
Crawford Brnes bent Beauty Spot: O'Orady
beat Commodore: Kmln Pacha beat Luxor:
Bonitn. bent Liberty Bell; Rock Island Boy
I bent Golden Russet; Firm Friend beat Rose-
I bud: False Flatterer bpat Green Valley Maid;
White Chief beat One Spot.
Fourth round— Crawford Braes beat Jennie
Wilson; O'Grady beat Emln Pasha: Rock
Island Boy bent Bonita: False Flatterer beat
: Firm Friend: White Chief ran a bye. . ■
Fifth round— O'Grady beat Crawford Brues;
Rock Island Boy beat White Chief; False Flat
terer ran a bye. r '
Sixth O'Grady beat False Flatterer.
■'■ Final— O'Grady beat Rock Island Boy.
Puppy < stake: Second round— Yopemlte ken
nel's Winning: Lassie beat G. & H. kennel's
Geraldlne: Yo«emlt^ kennel's Banner Boy beat
; Milo kennel's Mlw> Richmond: R. E de Lopez's
i Sura bent Al Austin's Firm Foe: Milo kennel's
i Ror>k Island King beat J. H. Harrison's Hot
! Hnste.
Third round— Sura beat Winning Lassie; Rock
Islnn,d Klnir beat Bflnner.Boy. ■ . , ...
Final— Island King beat Sara.
White Diamond Beaten.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. IS.— Climatic con
ditions were perfect to-day, and In conse
quence there was a blp crowd at Agri
cultural Park to witness the coursing, a
24-dog open stake with a consolation
purse for the twelve beaten dogs. A big
sensation was caused by the defeat of
White Diamond, the northern crackajack,
by Kitty Scott, after a tie, the Diamond
failing to score on the run-off. In the
open stake Jean Valjean took first money,
with Kittle Scott second and Lassie Hays
third. In the consolation the old dog Pre
mier was first, with Daisy Hamburg sec
ond and Master Jack third. Daisy Ham
burg only recently arrived from St. Louis,
where she was considered a world-beater.
Interest In the big Christmas meeting
keeps up, as shown by the numerous en
tries, the stake being almost full. John
and James Grace of Inerleside with a big
San Francisco contingent are looked for
on that date.
Coursing at Stockton.
STOCKTON. Dec. 18.— In spite of bad
weather a fair crowd attended the cours
ing to-day. The feature was Rich and
Artless beating Tipperary Lass. The de
cision was protested, but the judge re
fused to change his opinion. The run-offs
were as follows:
Rosa B beat Searchlight; Nabob beat Glad
iola; Tipperary Lass beat Trixie; Rich and
Artless beat Sarcastic: Little .asir.o beat Hazel
Glen; Maiden beat Cyclone; Capldora beat
Nick L: Salvator beat Don Jose; Liberty beat
Maybell: LittlP George beat Zora Z: Jessie S
beat Miss Oewey; Arno beat C manche.
First ties— Rosa B beat Nabob- Rich and
Artless beat Tipperary Loss; Little Casino,
withdrawn; Maiden ran a bye with Sarcastic;
Salvator beat Capidora: Little George beat
Liberty: Jessie S beat Arno.
Second ties— Rota beat Rich and Artless;
Maiden beat Salvator; Jessie S beat Little
George.
Third ties— Rosa B beat Maiden; Jessie S ran
a live.
Final— Jessie S beat Rosa B.
Jessie S first money, Rosa B second. Maiden
third. Little George fourth, Salvator fifth,
Rich and Artless sixth.
Said Pasha a Winner.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. 18.— There was a
small crowd, but brisk betting, at the
coursinK at Agricultural Park to-day.
The race was an all-age stake won by
Said Pasha, Skylight second. Promise Me
third. Next Sunday there will be an open
stake and a sapling stake.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian-Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO, Dec. 18, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to j
date as compared with those of same date last
season", and rainfall in i.ast 24 hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.40 8.93 15.37
Ked Bluff 0.00 3.03 6. 0S
Sacramento O.CO 2.22 4.3S
San Francisco 0.00 2.97 4.07 |
Fresno 0.00 1.81 1.89]
San Luis Oblspo 0.00 1.34 L6B
Ixjs Angeles 0.00 0.24 2.66 ,
San Diego 0.00 O.SS 1 .4" >
Yuma 0.00 1.32 0.77
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
49; minimum, 41; mean, 40.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST:
The area of high pressure which has been
central for the last two or three weeks in the
vicinity of Idaho Falls has been slowly dimin
ishing during the past three or four days. Dur
ing the last twenty-four hours the pressure has
fallen very rapidly on the coast of Washington
and northern Oregon, which indicates the ap
proach of a severe storm to that section. At
Fort Canby the barometer reads to-night : I . "._'
inches, a fall of more than four-tenths of an
inch in the last twelve hours. The wind
reached seventy-two miles per hour froia the
southwest at that place to-day and is now
blowing sixty-four miles per hour from the
southeast. Rain is falling as far south as Rose
burg ami cloudy weather extends southward to
San Francisco. Ham is probable Monday as
far south a? Monterey and Stockton.
Storm southeast signals have been ordered
displayed at Eureka and information signal
along the coast north of San Francisco.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, December 19, IS9S:—
For Northern California — Rain Monday In
northwest portion, increasing cloudiness in '
southeast portion; brisk to high southeast wind.
Dangerous gales north of Cape Mendocino.
For Southern California— Fair Monday except
increeasing cloudiness in northwest portion;
light variable winds.
For Nevada— lncreasing cloudiness Monday,
probably with rain In northwest portion.
For rtah— Partly cloudy Monday.
For Arizona— Partly cloudy Monday.
Forecast for tjan Francisco and vicinity —
Rain Monday: brisk to high southeast wind.
W. H. HAMMON, Forecast Official.
THE CALL'S CALENDAR.
December, IS9S.
Su.
;Tii.
We
Th
b
I
it
JC
23
.11
Sa.
I
Mooa'n Phases.
><o-Lasi Quarier,
>i December 6.
a
TT
so
XT
■a
15
•ia
10
i:
24
31
its New Moon.
December 13.
•jiKirii Quarter,
Jf December 19.
©Full >. oon.
Dccembor 2;.
36
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographio
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, Is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street. Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any. is published
in the morning papers the following day.
W. S. HUOHEB.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in charge.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographle Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal.. De
cember 17, 1898.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
bulldlnp was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
t. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charge.
BTKAkiERS TO ARRIVE.
Arcata iCoos Bay
Santa Rosa |San Diejfo
Progreso i Seattle
Alliance Oregon Ports
North Fork HumLoldt
San Juan Panama
Bristol Departure Bay
Aloha Point Arena
Columbia Portland
Empire Coos Bay
Mlneola Tacoma
Chllkat Humboldt
Coos Bay !Newport
Point Arena (Point Arena
Walla Wa11a.... i Victoria & Puget Sound
Corona [San Dlpijo
"Weeott [Yaquina Bay
Orizaba 'Newport
Ptatp Call f ornla ! Portland
STEAM KKS TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. Sails. I Pier.
Pisrnai [Astoria [Dec. 19
Mackinaw Taooma IDec. 19
South Portland. l Coos Bay | Dec. 19
State uf Call Portland Dec. 19, 10 am. Pier 24
San Jose... (Panama Dec. 19, 12 mjPMSS
Orizaba ....[Newport [O»C If, 9 am' Pier 11
Pomona ....IHumboldt pec. 20, 2 pmjPler 9
Santa Rosa San TMpko IDec. 21, 11 am Pier 11
Arcata 'f'nn? Hay ;Dpc. 21. 10 am;Pif>r 13
City Peking China* Jnp.in D»..\ 21, 1 pmPHSS
C. Nelson.. :Pii*<n Sound.. Deo. 21. 10 am Pier 2
Queen Vie & Plrt 3d. Dee. 22. 1" ampler 9
Chilkat ....'Humboldt ....'Dec. 22, 2 pnvPler 13
Alliance ...jOretfon Ports. .Doc. 22, 10 am;Fler 20
Cooa Bay..., Newport iDec. 23. 9 am' Pier ll
Columbia ..'Portland IDec. 24, 10 anvPler 24
Signal iGrays HarboriDec. 24 1
Pt. Arena.. IPoint Arena.. Dec. 24, ?, pm;Pier 2
Gaelic ichin.-i* Japan Dec. 24, l pmiPMSS
Corona ! San Dlejro !Dec. 2'i. 11 am Pier 11
Pteamer.
Destination.
SHII'PIX<; INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, December 18.
Stmr Queen, Jepsen, 64 hours from Victoria
and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 26 hours from Moss
Landing.
Stmr Samoa, Jahnsen, 2S hnurs from Eureka.
Stmr Scandia, Hart, 33 days from Manila,
via Honolulu 8 days.
Ptmr Aleatraz, Fagerlund, 37 hours from Port
Los Angeles.
Ftmr George Loomi*. Bridget t, 34 hours from
Ventura.
ftmr Pomona, Shea, 19 hours from Eureka.
Nor stmr Titania, Effenes, 110 hours from
Nnnaimo.
Schr Repeat, Olsen, 7 days from Grays Har
bor.
Fchr Maxim, Olsen. 6 days from Caspar.
SAILED.
Sunday, December IS.
Ship "W H Macy. Groth, Nanalmo.
Ship Columbia. Nelson, Tacnma.
Fchr Falcon. Lindholm, Port Gamble.
Pchr Una, H.irkinp. Lemones
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND, Dec IS-Off Cape Flat-
tery, ship Florence, her.cc Dec S for Pugot
Sound: ship Lucile, hence Dec 1 for Seattle;
ship Spartan, hence Nov 30 for Seattle; bktn
J M Griffith, hfnee Nov 30 for Port Gamli'.p.
ASTORlA— Arrived Dec 18— Stmr Fulton,
hence Dec 15.
CASPAR— SaiIed Dec IS— Stmr Jewel, for San
Francisco; 5.(.-hr Abbte, fc»r San Francisco.
COOS BAT— Arrived Dec IS-Stmr Signal,
from Astoria.
PAN PEDHO— Sailed Dec 18— Schr Mokomis,
for Seattle.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Dec IS— Strnr So
quola. hence Dec 17.
MENDOCINO— Arrived Dec IS— Stmr Point
Arpna, hence r>ec 17.
PAN DIEGO-Arrivfd Dec IS— Brig Courtney
Ford, from Port Blakeley.
Sailed Dec IS— Stmr Sunol, for ; 3chr Se
quuia, for .
KfßEKA— Arrived Dec IS— Stmr Brunswick,
hence Dec 17.
Sailed Dec 18— Stmr South Coast, for San
Frunelsco.
PORT TOWNSBND— SaiIed Dpc 17 — Bktn
i Klikitat. from Luulow for Honolulu.
RKDONDO— Arrived Doc IS — Schr Jennie
Stella, for Grays Harbor.
SEATTLE— Arrived Dec 18 — Stmr Lakme,
hence Dec 11.
TACOMA— Sailed Dec 17— Br bark Heathfleld,
for Queon«town.
Cleared Dec 14— Br bark Kilmalli. for South
Africa.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
"NEW YORK— Arrived Dec IS-Ptmr La Bre
tagne, from Havre: strnr Statenilam. from
Rotterdam; stmr Ethiopia, from Glasgow;
stnir Menominee. from London.
HAVRE— Arrived Dec IS— Stmr La Gascogne,
from New York.
QI'EEXSTOWX— SaiIed Dec IS— Stmr Etrurla,
for New York.
aßr.jSibbon's Dispensary,
Cf-.">KEARSVXT- E«t:>.b!lshed j
In 1884 forthetrenttnpntnt' Private |
!>!s<?;is<-s, LostMaiiho.id Oebaityor
disease wearing on bodyund mindatia
Bkin Diseases, Tbedoctorcureswheii
otheisfail. Try him. Cluirges low
Cnre»:uar.in(pr<i. Cttllorwrita
j 3r. a. I. *i Wilts Box 1957. fiian l-'rii:ici.'i-o
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
h). Steamerii leavp Broadway ]
Cjajjjj^^ wharf. San Francisco:
: IBKgSjj^ F. r Alr..-;'Kan port?, 10 a. m .
i Dec - -• '■ 12 ' 17 - 22 - 21 - Jan - '•
! Hkl£l\Sr^ change at Seattle.
• BQiTH Hal For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
■BC^^NBI C). Port Townsend, Seattiif. '
(*^s^lto%\ Taooma, Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.). !
10 a. m., Dec. 2. 7, 12. 17, 22,
I? 7 Jan 1 and every fifth day thereafter.
chance at Seattle to this company's steamer*
! for Alaska and G. N. Ry. at Tacoma to N. P.
■Rv at Vancouver to C. ir. n>.
i For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. Dec.
! B 10. 15. 10. 25. *0. Jan. 4, and every tlfth day
■ t{ For Banta Crux. Monterey. San Sim-on.
I Cavuco?. Port Harford (Pan Luis Obispo*.
Gavlota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Huenem-. ,
i San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angles and |
Newport. 9 a. m.. Dec. 3 7 11. 16. 1». 2.1. ... 31. j
' Jan. 4, and every fourth day thereafter
> For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har- )
•■ ford (San Luis Obtspo). Santa Barbara, Port
! Loa i Angeles an<l Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
| m Dec. 1. •-,. 9. 18. 17. 21. 25. -"■». Jan. J. and
every fourth day thereafter.
: For Ensenada. Mapdalena Bay, San .lose del
. Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Panta Tlosrnlla
: and Guaymas <Mex.), 10 a. m.. Dec. 17, Jan.
I For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to chan?»
1 without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
!ar hr.uro of <s«Utnf7.
fIOKKT UVnOK-4 New Monttjomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
rinr Sl2 First c Ins* Inclndi- Berths
rAnU S8 Second Cla«ss and .Meals.
! COLUMBIA sails Dec. 14, 24
STATE OF CAL. sails Dec. 9. 19. 2J
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Appnt,
630 Market street.
GOODALU PERKINS & m..
Snppr!ntenripnts.
Gompagnie Generate Transatlantique.
"" (French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS »,«__»
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday <jrj£l^
at 10 a. m. trom Pier 42, North «RS*ij
River, foot of Morton street.
LA CHAMPAGNE Dec. 17
LA BRETAGNE Dec. 24
LA NORMANDIE; Dec. 31
LA GASCOGXE Jan. 7
LA CHAMPAGNE Jan. 14
First-class to Havre. $90 and upward, 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second-class to
Havre. $4"., 10 per cent reduction round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, 3
Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
PSO9RB||JR The vla S. ALAMEDA
2?S| HniL y:l '^ via H nolulu an.l
l Hl!^ . • Auckland for Sydney
m .«, ,_ Wednesday. December
CI.S V \ 28, a s Australia
AMP/ifTlSniD cJ S - s AISTRALIA
(yiKJIIIJIIIU Fallg for Honolulu
lQlTlßfliZJ«r* Wednes January
v£"'r' ' v li, 1599, at 2 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents,
114 Montjromery st.
Freight Office— 327 Market St.. Pan |
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U, S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montice'.lo."
Mon., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sac
9:45 a. m., 3:15 p. m. (S:3O p. m. ex. Thurs.).
Fridays 1 P- m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and offices— Dock, Pier 2.
! . Telephone Main 15C8.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
California
>\• • f
Sail t Fe Route
Connecting Train Leaves San Fran-
cisco at 5 P. M. every SUNDAY,
TUESDAY, FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. the
following: Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday, Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR. Ot>-
. servatlon Car and Electric
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Daily
Overland Express.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKEfWICE— \\\ MARKET SI,
TELEPHONE MAIN 1531.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Offioe— 2ol J Street.
San Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara St.
FORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLBT
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— *7:2O, 'SCSO. 11:00 a. m. ; '1:44,
i 1:45, 6:15, *6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Monda./,
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:80 p. in.
SUNDAYS— «S:OO. •10:00, »U:3a a. m.; «l:Uk
1:00, *l:30, 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
FHOM SAN RAFAFL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
nEEK DAY 9-6:25. *c:35. - 7:45, '9.-30 a. m.;
•12:20. 2:20, 3:45. 6:05 p. m. •■ , .
EXTRA TRIPB m Mondays, Wednesday*
: •nd Saturdays at 6:40 p. re.
! SUNDAYS— 6:2O. »S:00. »10:00. 11:ao a. tn.:
i •1:1*. *l:10, 4:«, ■•6:20 p. m. •
!- Trains marked • start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:45. 7:55. 9:49 a. na.
i 12:Sft. 2:45 S:5O, 6:20 p. m. •
! EXTRA > TRIPS on , Monday*. Wednesdays
; and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
I BUNDAYS-8:00. 10:05 a. m. 12:05, 1:20. 1:M.
| 6:00. 6:20 p. m.
i THROUGH TRAINS. •
, T:!0 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way sta'na.
1:45 p. in. Saturday i— Duncan Mills - and way
;■'■ -■ ■ stations. ■. .. ; ■ ■ -, .
1:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta'a>
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
-■.■■:■ VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY. , ;
From Nov. 10, 1898. trains will run -a» follow:-^
South-bound. ,- . , 1 North-bound..
Passen- 1 Mixed. I Mixed. Passen*
ger. I Sunday --,-,--.:•-.. I Sunday i . ger. '.
Dally. [Exc'ptd Stations. Exc'ptd Dally.
■■- B:2oam 10 :?0 am Stockton 3:45pm 5:80 pm
10:10 am 2:U.">pm * Merced 12:40pm 4:o3pm
11:40 am s:3opm Fresno ' 9:3oam 2:32pm
12:38pm 7:45pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:34 pm
'3:20 pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:30 am 11:25 aru
12:5Spm B:sopm visalia 6:4o<im| 1:15 pm
~ Stopping: at Intermediate points as required.'
For. particulars of stage and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Manager's lice, 321 Market
street, San Francisco.
AUCTION SALES.
AUCTION SALE OF ROAD CARTS
j WEDNESDAT DECEMBER 21, AT 11 A. M.
At GRAND ARCADE HORSE MARKET,
327 SIXTH STREET.
By order of Studebaker Bros.
■ We will sell 15 Road Carts, more or less dam-
< aged in transportation by railroad.
Also at same time and place Horses, Wagon*.
; Buggies, Harness, etc., etc.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE,
Live Stock Auctioneers.
RAILUCAD TRAVEL.
MIITIII IVUIIK (OJII'AM.
(i-aiikk: hyhtkm.l
Trnliu Irnic iiikl nrr iln<* lo itrrlvo i%(
MAM ntnciMo.
(Main Line, Koor. of .Market Street.)
leave — Fiiou Dec. 18, 1398. — arrivb
*G:<>o* Nil<'B, Bau Jose aud W»y Stations... *S:-I3a
7:<>Oa Kruicia, .Suiaun aud Btcramento.... ot43p
7:««a MarjsviUe, Oiorille and Redding tia ■- '■■< -.•
WoiMllaurt 3:45e
7:««»A Klmira, V»c»Tille nnil Kumaey...... 8:45r
7:5Ua Martine/.. San ll.inioii.Vulleju, Napa,
fiilUti-g:i ami Santa Kosa «tlsp
H:(M)4 AUiuititi Kxpre.-<a, Og.leu and Ka»t.. K:ISp
»i:t<»A .Smu .li>so, liTcrniore, HtaekfcoH,
1 lone, .Sacraiiit-iito, I'lactrrille,
I MiirynTiHi-. tihteO, R»l liinir 4s|(»r
i H:U*u *Miit. Of-kdale and Jumestown... 4:1.1p
!>:ti<»A Martini T»-»cy, Latbrup, Stockton,
Mi-tctii i.d I'Ywno 12:13f
I>oi»a KroaiHi, r.akiT.ili.l.l. Siuitu Iturliara,
I.os Aticslf*. Deming, El r*so,
Nt.-ir Orlt-niis ami Kant <J:4.lp
lll:i:«( VhIU-Jii. Martini-r. and Way Stations 7:45p
It2:in>»s Nil.s, 1 i«fMiinre. Stockton, Bacra-
niciiui, Menduta, Hanford, Viaalla,
I'.rutville 4:l!ip
•l:OOp S,,cr. iiH-iit.> i:i»erSte»inrni *S:OOp
IrlMlr Mitrtiiirx, Han Kiiiiion, Valleju,
Nh|.-i, O»llftti>Ka, HaiiU linen 11:1.
■ l:«Or Hriiiciii. Vacaville, Kucntnifiito,
V.' .. ..Hand, Knlk'lits i.auding,
MdrysTlUc, Ororllle 1«:43a
4i:i'lp Nile?, San .Tuae and Stockton 7:13r
3.u«lpSaii Francisco and Lua Angeles
Limited. Kiesao, Bskersfield, Los
AiKrles U:43i.
3:SOp Stocktou, Merce<!, Fraino 12:13r
s::tOr Marrim-7., Tracv, Mendota, Fresno,
Mi:j*ve. >SaiiLa llarl>arit and l.on
Aiiki-li-s Bil3*
«;3i3op racllic Coast Limited. El Paso,
Fort Worth, Lntle Itock, dt.
Louis. Chionco and East $6:43p
! Biß*r ,S«ntn \ r - iiciiiiD. Atluittiu Kxpress
fur ,M<ij:.ve an.l Kaßt «:J3p
RlOffl' Kiirniwuii Mull, < i«.l.m i and Kant »:4*A
0:O«fp 1 luyivards, Xileß and San Josa 7:43 a
I •HtOOf Viillejn 1«:I3»
i 17:0C»i' VHllrjo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions }0:43P
BttMrOnscou Mncuinieiil.il, Mnrya-
villo. 'linu, r.n-tliin.l, l-.ig.-t
.Siiiiimliiikl Kast Btl3A
I < I (1:01 1" Bnntet Limited. Fresno. I.os
Angeles, Xl Taso, New Orleans
au-l K>«t, 61;43r
NAN l,i;VMUt(> AM' HAIWAItIIS LIMA 1,. '.
(Koot ot Marknt Street.)
1 Hal root*, Si'iiiliinrjr I'ark, ( ." • '
Ki»oa hliiirs;, Kli.iiiursl. 0:»5a
' i'.I:«(»a Sun 1.f.-tniirn. South San (*U:ISa
I (>.«<» l.canilid. I'Stuilillo, IO:I3a
ill:OOA • l,orenr.o, (lurry • ISil.Tp
»-"»p an) | |1:43p
B:OOp lln},T»r.U. £»«*
4 :<(Op I i Runs tlirongli to Niles. " ll)r
1 t From Niles. I.
t'OAVr DIVISION (Narrow <i:ui(fe).
Foot of Market Street.) '
N: 13a Newark, i .Viiterville.SMi Jose, l'Vlton,
Conlder Creek, Santa Ornz and
ttutlona : 5:50p
*2:13p Newark, Centor7i!le, San .lose, New
Almadnn, Felton, Honliler Ureek.
Santa Crox and l'rlucipal Way
Siatlons '10:50*
4il9p N«w*rk. San .To^e and Los Gaton... 0:20 a
(I l:-15p llu-itera' Kicnrsion, San Jose and
Way StiHio-ft t7:2OP
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
•romSUN FRANCISCO — Fcot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 H:0llA.«. 1:00 *2:00 t3:00
M:O3 45:00 ' *6:03r.»1. .
.'romOilUSD— root »f Bro»dw«j.— -(1:00 8:00 10:<XU.il.
J12:00 . *l:00 t2:00 '3:00 tl:00 -5:00i-.M.
KIIM DIYiSIO.N (Itroß.l Unuire).
(Tl i i nl :md Townsenil St<.) _^
7:OOa San Jtwo .imi Way Htntlmia (New "
Aluiadcii \\>ilne^(lays only) l:!IOr
<•:<►«» Hkii .I.HH(, Tr«ai I'iuiis, Hmit.t Crux,
'j .■*•.- PiM-lllc l.niTu, l'anti itnliU-s, San
I. nia oiiinim. (Juiidaliirt-, Surf and
ViluolpHl Wny Statioim 4:l«r
lOiIOa San .limn nml Way Station! »8:OOa
II::'.Oa Ban J.'Se nn.l Wny Stations N:33a
•9i«Sr San .Matfo, Kt'dn-uoil, Menlo Park,
- * >- ' Polo Alto. Santa Clara, San .lose,
Ullrny, Rollister, Sitntn Crioi,
SiiHuas, Moniercy Hinl Tacillc
(Jrn»« "IO:3Ba
•:i::i«r S;m, lns.- him) \V»y RUl.lons »9:OOa
•l:l.1p? .l ose an.l Principal Way Stations 0:43 a
*S:OOr S;»n and Principal Way Stations 0:33 a
.->:."t«r S:in.l<ueiui.lPrinclp*l Way Stntions 5:30p
«:::»!• S.ii-, Jose ami Way Stations 7:8 Op
t11;45i» San .lout- nn.l Way Stations t:HOp
A for Morniii;. " I* for Afternoon.
* Simula)'* oicoi>tejt. t Sunaayn only. < Satuni»yii only
*| Mnndajs ami Thursdaya. nTuesdayii and Saturdays.
.Hatiud<yaand Weilnetidaya. bThursd*yn and Sundays
The rtJ'll'H TIHXS(IKIt«:oMI'AJir
Uj r , oill for anil check higirage from hotels and rwl«
>>nre». l''.nffnire nt Ticket Agents for Time Cards and
SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY
NEW TRAIN SERVICE.
San Francisco and Los Angeles
Limite-d.
Commencing SUNDAY, Dec. 18, 1898,
THE OWL
WILL LEAVE SAN FRANCISCO 5:00 P. M.
WILL LEAVE LOS ANGELES 7:00 P. M.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEb.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; U:O.
t:3O, 6:10, *:I0 p. m. Thursday ■— Extra trla
at 11:30 p. m. SaturdJiy*— trips at 1:M
and 11:10 p. m.
6UNDAYB— 8:80. 11:00 a. m.; 1:10, IJt,
fi:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 4:IO. 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 11:15.
1:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trip* at
1:66 and 6:16 p. m.
6UNDAYB— B:IO, »:40, 11:10 a. m.; U*. I:«L
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between Ban Francisco and Schuetseo Pars
lime schedule as above.
Leave I AlttV*
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
October U. — >
Week Bun- 18S8. .- Bun- Week
Days. days. Destination. da,*. Daya.
T:soam 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
l:Sopm 9:Boam Petaluma. 6:lopm 10:23 ant
1:10 pin 6:oopm Santa Rosa. 7:36 pm 6:apt»
■ _— . — _____ ■/*
Fulton, ....
i t:tOam Windsor. 10:8 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyservllle.
1:10 pro 8:00 Cloverdal e. 7:15 pm l:npa
Hopland and
' Tr(o»m 8:00 am Uklab. 7:33pm 6:23pc8
1:20 am „, , „ 10:Uaa
8:00 am Guernevlll*. 7:36 pm
1:10 pm *.nprm
1-M am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 S:Maia
: . - and
1:10 6:00 Glen Ellen. 6:lopm 1:11pm
1 am 8:00 am Bebastapol. 10:40 am 10:25 ara
1:30 pm 6:00 pm___ 7:35 pm| 6:22 pin
Btages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Eprlngs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at Gey-
■erville for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdals fo*
! tbe Geyßers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs.
HiKhland Springs, Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad
fciprlngs. Soda - Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Spiinn; «t Uklah for Vichy Springs, Baratof*
Gprlngs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
■ 6prings, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley,
. John Day's, Riverside. Llerley's, Bucknell's.
Banhedrln Heights, HullvlUe, Boonevtlle, Orr*t
Hot Springs, Mendoclno City. Fort Brags.
Westport, Usal, WllUtts. Laytonvllle. Cum-
mlng's. Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's. Dyer.
, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, e&O Market st.. Chronicle blflg.
; H. C. WHITINO, R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Pen. Pass. Araat.
TAMALPAI3 SCENIC RAILWAY.
' (Via Sausalito Ferry.)
Leave Ban Francisco, commencing Sunday.
Bept. 11, 1838:
Week Days— 9:3o a. m. t 1:45 p. m.
Eundayß— B:oo, 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:1S p. m.
! Round trip from Mill Valley. $1.
1 THOS. COOK & SON. Agents. 821 Market
street. San Francisco. »
Wblf Gall SLSO'sar Year
78
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
LOOKING FOR
A SCHEME TO
EFFECT REFORM
The Last Convention
Brought Failure.
OAKLAND'S POLITICAL CHAOS
MUNICIPAL LEAGUE TOO FOND
OF CLOSED DOORS.
Jlepublican Party Quite Able to Give
an Honest Administration if
It Be Not Split by
Ambition.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Dec. 18.
Within the next two weeks the Repub
lic ,n? of this city will have to decide
whether the municipal convention shall
If composed "f appointed delegates or
whether each member of the party shall
1,0 given an opportunity to vole f >r such
sentation as he desires. The matter
Is now being freely debated, and mm
prominent in the party have been found
earnestly advocating either of these
methods. Th^e last appointed Republican
convention was an unmitigated failure.
and no one conversant with th* municipal
history of the past two years needs to
be told anything more about the present
administration. It matter not now
whether the water companies or a few
ambitious individuals en an 6 the last Re
publican city convention. As many peo
ple believe that it was the child of cor
ruption as there are others who unhesi
tatingly declare it was conceived in vir
tue and good faith.
It is the next convention in which this
city la now Interested. For a few months
the old manipulators of politics have been
Bleeping, and just now there is a. feeling
of distrust, which has been increased by
the sudden activity shewn by the .Muni
cipal League, which, as at present •
tuted. may be considered .is an offshoot
of the Republican party, having a tew
epecitic purposes to tulttll. The Municipal
League is to a large extent composed of
that vvinf, of the Republican party who
favor the appointment of delegates to
the city convention. This main principle
is surrounded by a tew others of subor
dinate Interest, Inasmuch as they all de
pend upon the men nominated at the con
vention, but there Is no doubt the chief
vim is to have men in the convention who
will not do certain things rather than
have men pledged to certain propositions.
]t is stated that the l";njue will haw- no
men in Its convention who are In any
way pledged, and that it will not p
any of its candidates tor office. This, of
course, is an impossibility, because it is
well known that of necessity both the
convention and the candidates must be
pledged to something or there would be
no earthly reason for their being In spe
cial politics.
The purpose of the league la to secure
grood government anil also the carrying
out of needed Improvements. This is !
very proper. There is, however, no ax- ',
gumont yet put forth to show that these
came Republican wishers of pood govern
ment and Improvement could not carry
OUI their purposes inside of the party to
Which they belong. If they be strong
enough to carry out their platform in
dependency, they aro certainly strong!
enough to carry out a double purp
viz.. their plan of g.»,,i government and '
the purification of the Republican party,!
which they declare is badly needed.
There is. however, a very apparent r^a-
P'ih for th<-> activity shown at this time
Municipal League. It is simply
iliis: That there an- two Bets of men
anxious for office, and us they feur they
cannot agree on any Joint lin>> of action,
if they come together, they musi each
1; alone. An analysis of the personnel of
padershlp of the League and the Re
publican party proper bears out this Idea.
The leaders <>f the League are Giles, li.
«Jray, an old-time Republican, who is
ov»-ii now lillir.fi- a s*at as ;< School Di
rector, being elected on the Republican
tlekf-i two years ago; John F. Towle, a
Councilman with :i u<«,>\ record, who two
years ago was a candidate before the Re
publican convention for Mayor; J. \V.
Nelson, a stanch Republican; Cary
Howard. ,\ Republican; Prank Mott, ;md
many other gentlemen whose Republican
ism is well known. There are just a few
who iiro not Republicans, and Colonel
Lyons, who was elected to a minor office
hist w.-'ok. is one "f these, although M Is
ovii whispered that the Colonel is back
In the ranks.
The League is pledged, or rather, its
practice provides for the appointment of
ites to a ■ onvention, and this natur
ally draws toward it that wing of the [
Republican party favoring appointment, i
and also many candidates who would i
naturally desire the support of the !
On the other hand the recognized lead
ers of the party proper are mostly In
favor <>i' the Republican plan of the elec
tion of a convention at primaries. At the
head of these are W. R. Davis, Arthur H.
(Breed, president of the Republican
County Central Committee, and most of
the old-time Republican*!. These men re
fer to the recent experience of the Ban
Francisco Democracy with Its appointed
convention. So much suspicion was at
tached to thp work of tho Committee of
One Hundred that the downfall of
Jtp nomincs was very pronounced.
There is no nrod. however, to
po to San Francisco for an cx
iample of the pernicious effect of ap
pointing conventions. Oakland had one
two years npo and the result needs no
reference at this time.
One little incident that occurred at the
last city election shows clearly how im
perative it Is that there should not be a
single flaw in the nominees of a success
ful ticket. At the convention called by
the Committee of Twenty-one, F. M. Par
r-ells secured the nomination for Council
;jn;in from the Fifth Ward. The incumbent
•was Dr. W. O. Buckland, n hone.-n ofli
<■r.i] who should certainly nave been re
nominated. He was turned down by the
appointed delegates, not being wanted,
although there is little doubt that he
■would have won at a primary. He de
cided not to be thrust aside through the
•whim of delegates named by three men or
jposslbly less, so he made an independent
[campaign, and between his vote and the
Vote of Parcells, a Democrat, Aaron Fi
fcush. was elected In a district strongly
Itepubliean. This evil effect of appoint
ing delegates Is directly responsible for
the existence of the "solid six" and all Its
malodorous history in the City Council.
For reasons known to himself, but which
the water combine could easily explain,
Councilman Fibush resigned. Mayor
Thomas then appointed Major Woodward.
The Major made the sixth member of the
"solid six" and that is the reason why in
connection with his marvelous erudition
In drawing up water rate schedules he
has been regarded as the author of all the
unpleasantness of the past year. Had the
logical candidate from the Fifth Ward,
"Dr. Buckland, been nominated, he would
have been elected and the scandals of the
present administration would not have
been possible, for Oakland can feel per
fectly safe with six such men In her City
Council as Buckland, Cuvellier, Oirard,
Prlngle, Row and Upton. The turning
down of Buckland was not aJiogether an
accident; it was rather a clever part of
a clever scheme, put up by the water
combine and successfully carried out. and
would hardly have been carried out in
any other than an appointed convention.
The lossons to be learned from the scan
flals of the past two years would seem to
be that secrecy in the early stages of a
political campaign is not desirable. This
fremark applies at this time as forcibly to
the Municipal League as it did two years
ago to the secret meetings of the Com
mittee of Twenty-one. At the last meet
ing of the league A. B. Nye outlined a plan j
of campaign which contained theT^wments
of a first-class municipal platform. It is
true that there wi^re in his remarks some
references to State and national govern
ment which were not complimentary and
which have no place in municipal doc
trine. But on the whole Mr. Nye's ideas
were instructive and practical, and it
seemed a pity that they were not put
Into the hands of every voter in this city.
If such work as was done at the last
meeting of the League is typical of its
objects, there does not appear to be any
good reason why, as Mr. Nye expressed it,
"gentlemanly representatives of the
press" should n<>t be welcome. The public i
has a perfect right to know the various
stages leading up to the nomination of a j
ticket for which it is to be Importuned
to vote. Secrecy always breeds suspicion,
and the basis of a campaign of moral and
material reform and progress cannot be j
too broad or too generally known. The ,
League objected to Its being termed by its
political enemies. "the Dark-Lantern,
League." but there was some foundation
for such a name. During the past four
years far too much of Oakland's politics
have been done behind closed doors by :
private or eemi-r.-lipious organizations, i
There has been almost a revulsion of feel
ing In this regard during the past year
that was made very manifest at the re
cent election, and henceforth there will
always be genuine suspicion attached to ;
any organization or party clique, the ob^
Ject of which is entirely political and
which meets secretly to transact what is '
In reality public business.
There Is no foundation for the presump- I
tlon that the worthy gentlemen who com
prise the Municipal League are any more
capable of judging of what is good for the
rest of Oakland than those who are out
side the league. Every tax payer who
makes his periodical visits to the Tax
Collector and the water companies real
izes that the next city government will
not have to deal with the policy to be ob
served in regard to the Philippine Islands
or the government t)f Cuba, but they fully
appreciate the fact that they are dealing
with matters closer home. They know
that upon the integrity of the city gov
ernment depends the amount of money
each tax payer has to take out of his
pocket ana they realize that in this mat
ter honesty is even of more importance
than any other principle of a party. Con
sequently the city campaign must per
force resolve itself into a campaign or in
dividuals rather than parties, and the
ticket that guarantees the impossibility of
the next Cltv Council being resolved into
a "solid six r> will be the one that com
mends Itself to the confidence of the vot
ers, whether this ticket be nominated by
one section of the party or another.
STUART W. BOOTH.
Death of a Popular Officer.
OAKLAND, Dec. IS.— James Doolan. a
very popular special police officer, died
late last night of pneumonia, lie had
been sick only five days. Deceased was
a native of AJameda County, aged about
3S years, and leaves a wife and six chil
dren residing: at s:>o Milton street. Ho
had been a member of the Workmen and
Forester lodges, but allowed his dues to
lapse.
Postage on the Holiday Edition, of
The Call is: Domestic, 3 cents; For
eign. 6 cents.
RABBI VOORSANGER OFFICIATES AT
CORNERSTONE LAYING.
New Mount Zion
Hospital*
Handsome Building in
Course of Con
struction*
THE cornerstone of the new Mount
Zlon Hospital, on Slitter street,
near Scott, was laid yesterday
afternoon by Rabbi Voorsanger,
assisted by the officers of the Hospl
' to.l Assoeiatio 1. The interesting cere-
mony took place at I o'clock in the
afternoon, in the presence of fully 600
spectators, nearly all of whom were
more or less identified with the rais
ing of funds for the erection of the
edifice, which. In the language of Dr.
J. Nieto, is "A monument to God, dedi
cated to suffering humanity."
A feature of the exercises was the
musical programme rendered by the
Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum brass
band. Among the selections rendered
were "First Effort," "Albanian March,"
"America," "Hail Columbia" anu
"Yankee Doodle."
The services opened with a prayer by
Dr. M. S. Levy, followed by a brief ad
dress by President Joseph Branden
stetn of the Hospital Association. Dr.
Voorsanger then read a prepared
(statement of tho history of the asso
ciation from Its inception, November
3, 1887, to the present day. and appealed
to those present to come to the aid of
the hospital with liberal subscriptions
for Its support.. The historical manu
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1898.
CRIME FIEND
HOUNDING HIM
TO HIS RUIN
A Bright Schoolboy
and a Forger.
ROY JONES IS A PUZZLE
HIS CASE PERPLEXES THE AU- i
TEORITIES.
His Guardian Applies to Have the I
Boy Sent to lone — Criminal In
stincts That He Is Un
able to Overcome.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Dec. 18.
Roy Jones, a pupil of the Swett School,
has cultivated forgery until he has almost
reached perfection in that crime, and his j
case is now puzzling the District Attorney j
and the police. There, are some good traits
in the boy's character, but the criminal
' tendencies predominate and he now faces
j either the lone Reform School or the Jail.
Roy's first attempts at forgery were
' practiced to cover up his absence from
! school. He soon learned his guardian's I
signature and then for nine days he ap- I
■ peared regularly with a note from hi 3 ;
guardian excusing his own absence. When |
this plan was discovered Roy seemed |
: really sorry and it was agreed that every :
; day he was at school he should be. given |
! a check, signed by the principal of the
Swett School, to take home. This worked
[ well for a time and a few days ago his ]
guardian was surprised, on calling at the.
school, to learn that Roy was frequently .
absent. An inspection of the checks j
Bhowed that many of them were very
il< ver forgeries. The boy had practiced
bo well that he could make a fac-simile of j
' the principal's signature.
The lad is absolutely truthful. ITe never
denies his doings. He freely confesses to !
Borrow and make* honest efforts to over
come the evil tendencies. He cannot re
sist the temptation to stenl. although he ]
does not practice deceit. Recently he stole j
: $.?0 and took home the material he pur
chased, at the same time admitting his j
■ act. He appears to be as much grieved as
hfs relatives. He has an irresistible desire '
jto purchase games, and with his last j
script was then placed in a zinc box,
together with copies of all the Jewish
and dally newspapers of San Fran
cisco, lists of all the. Hebrew organiza
tions In the city, with the names of
their officers, tho names of the mem
bers of the Ladies' Auxiliary and of
the hospital staff and nurses, and
United States coins of the year IS9B.
The box was deposited in the cavity
beneath the cornerstone, the latter was
placed in position and the cement
packed around it with an ordinary
mason's trowel wielded by Dr. Voor
sanger, while the Inspiring strains of
"America" were poured forth by the
young and enthusiastic musicians.
After the laying of the stone an ad
dress was delivered by Dr. J. Nieto
and the ceremony was concluded with
a prayer by Dr. Myers.
The new hospital will be a hand-
Fume structure of colonial architec
ture. 90x137!4, and two stories In
hoight. The hospital will be thor
oughly equipped with every modern
booty he bought ten. When he has them
home he shows no desire to play with
3. re not contlnunl . but brtrflk out &t inter*
vals. The boy is kind, not vicious nor ma
licious and is always obedient, except
when by himself and there is some
temptation around. His parents are
well off, but their duties keep them trav
eling, and their boy was sent to Oakland
to be educated. There is a feeling that it
would not be proper to send such a boy
to lone, and an effort will first be made
to send him on a long whaling trip, where
his surroundiner will be novel and where
temptations will be few.
WATER FRONT SURPRISE.
Oakland's Attorneys Clrfim to Have
Discovered a New Point.
OAKLAND, Dec. 18.— The great water
front controversy may be reopened along
new lines. The attorneys for the city filed
their first brief yesterday and it contains
some new matter that may alter the en
tire complexion of the recent decision of
the Supreme Court.
The brief refers largely to the manner
in which the city dedicated streets to the
tide line. It is asserted that the dedicat
ing ordinances "come within the principle,
inherent in the character of the property,
that where a public street is brought to
the shore of a navigable water, the way
does not stop at high tide. For beyond
lies the ocean highways, already dedi
cated by nature to public uses; and the
intent and purpose of declaring a public
highway to the shore is to reach out to
and make a union with, the dedication
which nature baa made of the navigable
waters as a. public highway."
<"' nn!ng finally to the most important
argument advanced the brief says of the
matter of acceptance: "When the city
by these legislative acts declared so dis
tinctly its intention to carry its streets
out to the navigable waters of the bay,
it is idle to talk of the necessity of show
ing acceptance of a dedication, for two
controlling reasons." The first of these
is that acceptance was not necessary, and
the second that acceptance was Involved
in the dedication.
These contentions will have to be passed
upon by Judge Ogden, and should he
hold them to be good the case may have
to be, in a great measure, retried.
KAMP'S ACTIONS UPHELD.
City Trustees Take No Stock in
Hoeck's Charges.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 18.— The Police Com
mittee of the City Trustees have disposed
of the charges filed by Jacob Hoeck
against Officer Albert Kamp. Their de
cision was that the charges were un
worthy of consideration. Hoeck accused
Kan*p of giving information to a Call re
porter concerning the incarceration by
Hoeck of his two little sons. It was
shown that Kamp only allowed the re
porter to interview the boys after he
produced an order from the City Marshal.
Kamp stated at the investigation that had
he known the circumstances of the 'boys'
Imprisonment and the fact that no charge
had been placed against them he would
not have kept them In jail, even tllough
their father insisted they should be
locked in separate cells. The Trustees
told him that under the circumstances
they would have upheld his actions if he
had set them free. Hoeck said the Mar
shal's order to Kamp had been written
to protect, the officer after the charges
were tiled. In reply to this Kamp called
Hoeck a "dirty cur," and Marshal Rogers
said he would treat him to personal pun
ishment if he was not an old man.
appliance and will be conducted on \
the broadest lines of non-sectarian "
philantrophy. The cost of the building .
and site will approximate $50,000.
The present hospital building, which ■
the structure now in course of con- '
struction is to displace. Is located at '
the corner of Sutter and Hyde streets
and has a capacity of twelve beds. .
The new hospital will accommodate .
fifty patients easily. It will be under ■
the control of the board of directors, ■
which is made up a« follows: J. Bran- "
denstein, president: M. Eisner, vice '
president: N. Schlesinger, honorary
secretary; L. Bremer, treasurer; J.^
Naphtaly, E. Raas. I. W. Goldman. .
M. Brown, I. W. Hellman Jr., J. B. ■
Levison and Walter Castle. The hos- ■
pital staff fs as follows: Consulting: '
physicians, Dr. David Cohn, Dr. Adol- '
phus Aronstern and Dr. George Myers;
visiting surgeon. Dr. Julius Rosen- .
stlrn; visiting physicians, Dr. C. G. .
Levison; house physician, Dr. George ■
Bushnell.
THE TUG RELIEF.
She is now stationed in the Columbia River, but is coming to San Fran
cisco to have new boilers put in and be thoroughly overhauled. She
will then go into service on the bay. The tug Rescue leaves to-day
to take the place of the Relief in Oregon waters.
DECK OF THE
TRAINING SHIP
ADAMS SPRUNG
Boys "Marking Time"
Did the Damage.
TWO MORE TUGS FOR THE BAY
THE NEW FEARLESS AND THE
RELIEF FROM PORTLAND.
Runaway Son of Baron Pflugk Com
ing Here as an Ordinary Seaman
on the Ship William
Mitchell.
The United States training ship Adams
Is not likely to go to Samoa or any port
far away from home. She may go to
Magdalona Bay for gun practice, but the
authorities may not even allow her to go
that far. Her spar deck beams have
opened up and other defects have showed
themselves, so the vessel is not now con
sidered safe for a long voyage.
The Adams went into commission nearly
three months ago, and 200 naval appren
tices were put aboard her from the re
ceiving ship Independence. Her guns had
not arrived from the East, so the vessel
came down from Mare Island and an
chored on the easterly side of Goat Isl
and It was thought that she would only
be there for a week or so, as her arma
ment was daily expected from the East.
The guns have not arrived as yet, how
ever and no ono seems to know when
they' will get here. In the meantime the
apprentice boys havu been drilled dail>,
and that is what has caused the dam-
"x'wo hundred of them on the spar deck
marking time at the double quicK causes
the old sloop-or-war to tremble from stem
to stern, and the result is the starting of
the deck beams. The chances are that
when the cannon arrive the Adams will
go outside for gun practice, and then re
turn to Mare Island for an overhauling,
if however, the stamping of 2uO boys
causes the deck beams to open, what will
the concussion from the firing of the guns
ao to the vessel?
The apprentice boys thoroughly enjoy
their life aboard the training ship, lhey
llke their officers, are well fed and well
treated and in consequence there has not
been a' single desertion since the vessel
went into commission.
The British ship W llliam Mitchell,
which is coming here from Hlago, Japan,
to load wheat for Europe, win lose one
of her crew as soon as she reaches port.
Herman yon Pflugk, the runaway son of
a German Baron, is on board of her as
an ordinary sailor, and aa his father
wains him at home the chances are that
he will go back to Germany from San
Francisco. ,
In March last the "William Mitchell was
in Antwerp, preparing to leave for the
United States in ballast. Young Pflugk
had run away from his home in Hamburg,
taking with him 200 marks (.about $su;,
and had made his way to Antwerp. There
he made the acquaintance of some Ger
man sailors, who had shipped aboard the
William Mitchell. There was no vacancy
on the ship, so the sailors stowed him
away and when the ship had cleared the
Scheldt River they brought him before
the mate, who set him to work. Pflugk
could not speak a word of English, but by
the time the vessel reached Philadelphia
he could make himself understood in any
company. Captain Cutting took a great
liking to the handsome 16-year-old lad,
and when he refused point blank to go
home saying he would ship on another
vessel if he couldn't go on the Mitchell,
he shipped him as an ordinary seaman
for the voyage to Hiogo. Japan, and
thence to San Francisco. Baron Pflugk
has cot on the track of his son and heir,
however, and the boy will bo persuaded
to so home via New York from San Fra.ll-
C fna month or so the Spreckels towboat
company will have its force of tugs reor
ganized. The taking of the Fearless.
Active and Vigilant into thp Government
service left the concern with only two
tugs to handle Its large business, so
another boat had to be chartered. The
new Fenrles* now being built by the Union
Iron Works is soon to be launched and
the Relief is coming here for good from
the Columbia River. This will give the
company the Fearless, Relief, Reliance
and Alert, four of the finest tugs on the
Pacific, with which to handle its business.
The Relief has been under charter for a
long time to the Oregon Railway and
Navigation Company. That company is
now having completed for it, at the Union
Iron Works, a steel tug that will take the
place of the Relief. She will be called the
Wallowa and is almost a duplicate of the
Fearless. Both tugs are being built side
by side. New boilers have been built for
the Relief and she is to come hero at
once and have them put in. At the same
time she will receive a thorough over
hauling and will go into commission on
the bay again. The tug Rescue, Captain
Dan Thompson, will sail to-day for the
Columbia River to relieve the Relief.
The landing float at the foot of Folsom
street suffered during the norther. It he
came waterlogged and now if there is any
kind of a sea on people using it get wet
feet. It is to be pumped out and put in.
first class repair again in a few days.
The Japanese who came from ciijipprton
Island on the steamer Alice Blanchard
refuse to leave the vessel unless to land in
San Francisco. They were taken to
Clipperton from Honolulu and the Im
migration Commissioner refuses to land
them on the ground that they are con
tract laborers. The Japs are going to fight
the case and in the meantime the steam
ship company will have to feed and house
the natives.
The old whaling bark Mermaid, that
made a trip to Kotzobue Sound last spring:
with gold hunters, is to bp fitted out for
another cruise in the Arctic. She was
purchased by B. H. Madison and she will
go whaling in place of the schooner Ro
sario that was wrecked. The steam whaler
Alexander, that came in clean, is also
being fitted out for another cruise.
MUSIC BY THE BLIND.
Sacred Concert Given by the Pupils
of the State Institution.
BERKELEY, Dec. 18.— A large audience
gathered this afternoon at the State In
stitution for the Deaf and Dumb and
Blind to listen to the concert given by the
blind pupils. The concert wan held in the
assembly hall of the institution, under the
direction of Otto Fleissner, director of
music. All of the numbers given were
from sacred pieces, and their rendition by
the blind pupils, both in technique and
expression, was thoroughly artistic. The
whole programme showed very careful
training on the part of the yuung musi
cians, and reflected much credit on the
institution's musical department.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner o/ Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the -ear.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
287 Hayes street; open until C:3O o'clock.
621 McAllister street; tipen until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner (sixteenth; open
until S o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'cl ock.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Commandery No. 16, jr.
K. T., Golden Gate building, 62.". Sut- <•£<*
l?r St.— Stated assembly THIS EVEN- W%
ING at 7:30 o'clock. "All fraters are fat
courteously invited. The Order of the V
Temple will be conferred.
CHARLES 1,. I'ATTON. Em. Com.
WILLIAM T. FONDA. Recorder.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal m
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING. _J\_
Election of officers ami other iinp-'r- tKJT
tant business. By instructions of the /^T >
HERMANN Lodge No. 127, F. and A. ■
M.— Called meeting THIS DAY (MON- /V
DAY), December 19, I«*S, at 7:::» ■•'■■lo.'k 'tfjf
p. m., for Installation of officers. By /V'
order of the W. M.
L. SCHUMACHER, Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, T "iSMmrm
O. O. F.-Inltlation MONDAY i^SE^
EVENING, December 18 '^s*®^
H. LUKE. N. G. -^m^-
PACIFIC Lodge No. 155, I. O. O «gwiM'
£•— There will be Initiation on 4§&^&C2.
THURSDAY EVENING, Decem- =§&<^=
ber 32, IS9B. It is necessary that '^/lil^"
all members attend. Important business.
A lslting brothers invited.
DR. F. D. ASHWORTIi) O Hr.'c.* N .Sec G '
lIANTONOMAH Tribe No. 9, Tim Mnk^ '
proved Order of Red Men— Chiefs TIP
and members are requested to n:- <SaHk?
tend the funeral of our late brother W A.
ADAMS, from Red. Men's Hall, 320 Post St.,
MONDAY, December 19, at 1 o'clock p. m.
M. LEISEN, C. o'f 'R. Pro Tern.' Sachem.
M. LEI SEN. C. of R. Pro Tern.
THE annual meeting of the stocxholders of
THE NEVADA NATIONAL BANK OF SAN
FRANCISCO, Cal., will be held at Its bar.it-
ing house. No. 301 Montgomery st., San Fran-
cisco, Cal., on TUESDAY, January 10, IS9D.
at 3:15 o'clock p. m.. for the election of di-
rectors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting.
D. B. DAVIDSON. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
A LIBERAL Offer— All dresses brought to 252V4
Fourth St., the 19th, 20th and 21st. will be cut
and fitted free of charce by MRP. HAMIL-
TON.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st., rooms 9-10: tel. 5680.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co.. 343 3d st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 62 (50 cents
per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar Planta-
tion Company will be payable at the office of
the company. 327 Market St., on and after
Tuesday. Dec. 20, L»ko. Transfer books will
close on Wednesday Dec. 14. 1898, at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
A NO. 1 cook, best of references, desires a sit-
uaUon. J. F. CKOSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
NEAT German girl wishes situation at house-
work or as nurse, $10 to $15. MISS CUL-
LEN, 32." Sutter st.
SUPERIOR cook desires situation in hotel or
institution: understands all branches of cook-
ing; best of references. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS English cook desires situation;
country; 3 years lust place. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
GIRLS of all nationalities wanting situations.
MRS. HIRD, 631 Larkin; telephone. Sutter 52.
LADIES'.— For first-class reliable help call at
LEON ANDRE'S. 316 Stockton.
STRONG American woman wants to go out by
the day to do general housework; good and
willing worker; $1 a day and car fare. 276
Jessie, near Fourth; first floor, room 1.
WANTED— Situation as good covki hotel or
boarding house; can give good references.
Call or write 81 Natoma st. at office.
YOUNG woman wishes a place to do house-
work and take care of children. 1263 Broad-
way St., near Hyde.
RELIABLE woman wants work by the day;
house cleaning or washing. Apply 1709
Leavenworth st.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes few more
engagements; $1 25 per day. 1073V6 Market st.
WANTED— Work by the day of anjMcindTflrst-
class laundress; reference. S3IB Geary st.
RESPONSIBLE young woman would like a
position of trust in offlce. establishment or
private correspondent or companion to invalid
lady; Is a good penman; situation must be In
Sonoma County. Address by letter only, MISS
DELLA M., Petaluma. Sonoma County. Cal.
CANADIAN woman would like a position as
chambermaid or second girl. Address box
702, Call offlce.
NURSE— Widow, unlncumbered and experi-
enced In nursing children, wishes for Jan 1
or before, to take care of Infant in fine
American family; olty or country. Addrr«s
box 719. Call offlce.
COMPETENT seamstress wants position- best
of references: terms reasonable; hotel or
lodging house preferred. MRS. D. M IS
Lloyd st.
LAD .- T , wishes a position as housekeeper in
j™' w institution; reference. Address box
<Zf), Call office.
ELDERLY woman wants light housework- is
a good cook; has good references; country
preferred. 7 Van Netsß aye.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
JAp ANESE-CHINESE Em P- AgencVTall kinds
help. GSQ. AOKI. 30 Geary; tel. Grant 58
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlca;
best help. 414 M, OFarrell st. ; tel. East 42«.
POSITION as assistant bartender by young
man of some experience; best of references;
wages no object. Address box 666. Call offlce.
BO i V Si t0 learn trade of any kind7l>een In
plumbing 10 mo. ; willing, obliging. 311 Taylor.
SITUATION wanted, man and wife; no better
people to work farm and care for stock: al-
ways reliable; wife Aery neat; Americans.
Box 703, Call.
YOUNG man. carpenter by trade, would like to
get any other steady position In wholesale
house, where services of a responsible and
honest man is required; can give bonds. Call
or address barber shop, 952 Mission st.
YOUNG man willing to work would like situ-
ation of any kind; good penman. Box 722, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED gentleman wishes a situation
as steward or cashier; the best of references
and security oan be given. Box 718, Call.
MARRIED man wants work as porter In hotel
or saloon; is a good oyster and salad man;
best of references. Address E. MEYERS,
200 Turk st.
MARRIED man would like a position in prl-
vate family- any kind of work; handy with
tools. 1608 Pacific aye.
BUTLER wishes situation in private family;
best city references. A. M. C, box 61, Call.
BITCATIOXS WANTED-ConttnnedL
WANTED— go anywhere from an 'Fran"
Cisco, by a mechanic, carpenter, ahhi inln»-
and millwright; understands plan, thorough
ly. Address box 712. Call of nee. tnorou SQ-
BOY wants work with a carpenter; six month.*
experience. Box 659, Call office. mon tns
JAPANESE wants a position; any kind of
work. Address 533 Dupont st. OI
VALET, intelligent Japanese, neat and trust
worthy, seeks position; references; speaks an I a
' writes fair English. Address KIMY ' -*.C
Geary st. _ .-■- ' "*
CARPENTER, cabinet maker, first-class m#>
chanic, wants situation. Call or address i->a
Valley st.
YOUNG man wants situation in private place-
understands horses and cows; good referencs"
Address box 727, Call.
SITUATION wanted by first-class well digger-
has first-class experience in quicksand » n '
ply 139 Fourth st. " p
YOUNG man, florist, wishes situation. Bor
728, Call. aOX
POSITION by a first-class coachman; best of
reference. Box 742, Call.
EXPERIENCED German gardener and coach-
man. age 33. desires situation; city .■■■ conn
try. Address box 501. Call.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. neaTiuTl
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $150 to U
week: convenient and respectable; fre« 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
CLERK for this office: one who can act as
stenographer and typewriter. J. K. CROSETT
& CO.. 316 Sutter st.
WAITRESS and parlormaid, $20; GermajTmairi
and sewing, $20; 4 cooks in American and
German families, $2."; second girl, $20; laun-
dress and chambermaid. $25; waitress' min-
ing camp. $20. and a large number of girls
for cooking and housework. J. F CROSFTT
& CO., 316 Sutter St. ' 1 L
NURSE, ■-' grown children; nice American farn^
Ily: $25. .!- F. CROSETI & CO, 316 Sutter.
NURSE triii. sleep h ime, $12; girl, issistliousn
wurk, $12, sleep home. MISS CUH.EN 32S
Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child, country, $10. MUia
CULLEN, :;:'" Suter st.
NURSE, c-'-c -'- r '; nurse. $10. MISS CULLK .
Hutter st.
WORKING housekeeper. $12 per month. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
TWO second girls. $21 and $15; 12 Kruseworic
girls, city, $20 and $25; 6 young girls,
$10 to $15. MISS CULLEN, 3-5 Sutt*r st.
NEAT girl, light work, $16. MISS CLLLEN\
326 Sutter st.
NORTH German nurse, $25. MISS CULLEN\
::•:'■ Putter st.
5 WAITRESSES, city nnd country, $2" anTT2S;
3 chambermaids for Southern California, $20;
2 ■■hambermaids to wait, $20: 4 lunch ant
dinner waitresses. $20; 3 restaurant wait-
resses, $E>; 2 lunch waitresses, 50c. C. R.
HANSEN * co, 104 Geary st.
25 COOKS and houseglrls for city and country,
$15 to J2f>; 20 y.,ung girls to assist, $12 to ?10.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary gt.
6 EXTRA waitresses, $1 a day. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Cooks, chambermaids, nursegirls
and girls for housework. MRS. HIRD, 631
Larkin.
WAITRESS, country hotel: fare paid: girls for
housework, country, $20. MURRAY St
READY, 634-636 Clay st.
COMPETENT thoroughly experienced sales-
lady able to take charge of corset department
in our dry goods house; age and references
required; good salary. Address D. S.. box
653. Call office.
GIRL waiter in restaurant; must live at home;
meals in restaurant; wages $15. Address 34
Kearny St., rooms 10 and 11.
GIRL for bakery: one with experience pre-
ferred; must give reference. 234 Sixth st.
GIRL for housework in small family; $12. Ap-
ply 377 Oak st.
WOMAN with a young child to help in nursery.
Apply 579 Harrison st., before 11 o'clock.
FINISHERS wanted on custom panta. 923^
Folsom st.
EXPERIENCED restaurant waitress wanted
at 406 McAllister st.
EXPERIENCED girls for dressmaking. Apply
1386 Market st.
WANTED— GirI for general housework. Apply
:!44S 2uth St., after 9 a. m., with references.
GOOD finisher on pants. Call 935 Market St.,
room 16, Monday morning.
YOUNG girl to assist with housework and chil-
dren. Call, bet. 2 and 3, 307 Octavia St.
WANTED — Woman for ligrht housework; small
family. Call 357 Hayes st.
GIRL to assist in housework; small famll;-.
14UB Mason st.
PLEASANT work tor ladles or gentlemen; w»
will lend you a camera free, and pay you for
the pictures you take; no canvassing or paint-
ing; no experience needed: addressed envelops
for samples and prices paid. Colonial Maga-
zlne, 106 Park Row, N. Y.
GIRL for plain cooking and housework; 4 In
family; no washing. 2161 Central aye., AJa-
meda.
FIRST-CLASS hairdressers: state wages; ref-
erences. Apply box 642. Call.
WANTED— GirI for general housework; refer-
ences required. 13 Scott St.
WOMAN or girl for general housework and
cooking and washing for 3 in family; wages
$12 to $15. Call 9 to 12, 779 Clayton st.
i YOUNG, experienced Infant's nurse; must hays
best of references. Apply 2340 Washington
St., between 9 and 10 a. m.
OPERATORS on white shirts; all new high
speed machines; also finishers on flannel over-
shirts. LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 36^ Fremont.
WANTED— Energetic ladles. 61S Taylor St.,
from 10:30 a. m. to 1:30 p. m.
LEARN sewing at KEISTER TAILORING
COLLEGE; lessons $1 per week. 426 Geary.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns, 25c up. McDowell's. 103 Po» !
HELP WANTED— MAXES.
WANTED — foreman for mine, $3 day;
machinist for country repair shop; young man
to learn fruit raising and others. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— WaIter for institution, $25: cooks,,
kitchen men and others. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 623 Sacramento st.
OFFICE boy to run errands: $2 50 week. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
MURRAY & READY Telephone Main SS4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Want— a. m. Monday ■
60 woodchoppers $1 and 70c cord
25 tie makers Sc, 9c and 100 eacn
4 men to dig potatoes •• — -
MURRAY & READY.
634 and 656 Clay st.
COOKS Bakers Walters
C ? 5,.7.7.7.7.7.7.. .„ ™..$5O. $40 $35 and $30
Baker, city shop •s&> and found
Waiters, dishwashers, elevator boy. etc.
MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay st.
RESTAURANT chef. $100: confectioner and
K5%n k K T. h u°eKi!^'i arcs
__.rsrg r^^Tc^^
LABORERS and teamsters mou^in road!
Bhip Monday night. C. R. HA>.SEN * CO.,
104 Geary at. ,
SHIP for Ska*uay Thursday. Deo. 22. $12 50.
C. R. HANSEN CO.. 10* Geary st.
BOY 13 or 14 years old for errands and to help
in AruJ store "apply in own handwriting,
/ BivlnV and residence. Address box 6*4.
Call office.. '
r-rwir> hTrhpr for country; one who speaks
G l°tanan b fa r ngua!e. Inquire H. BERNARD. 104
Seventh at .
WANTED-Small errand boy; good references.
956 Mission at
PAPER-HANGER wanted. 3275 Twenty-flfth
street. . .
wanTED— Young man; 4 or 5 months' expe-
rience In barberjbuslness. 222 Gough st.
WANTED— Boy in tin shop: age 16 years. Ap-
ply 7 to 10 a. m. 533 Mission st.
GOOD coatmaker. 109 Fourth st.
WANTED— and dinner waiter. 407
Mason, in rear. Call 7 a. in.
GOOD barber wanted. 1401 Buchanan St.. near
Ellis. . ■ .
YOUNG or middle-aged man to travel In this
and nearby counties: permanent position;
salary $60 a mo. and ex. : good chance for ad-
vancement. Shepp. 1031 Chestnut St.. Phil.. Pa.
CARPENTER for ship, also blacksmith, at
HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart St.
LADIES and gents to take work I h om l e h K^ >d
wages: no experience necessary. 136 Sixth st.
room 2. ■
WANTED-The services of a fl ™t-claas painter
In exchange for rent. Address W.. Call office.
Oakland. *
BARBERS' Progressive Union; J. r "^Z*
m't. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th: tel. Jessie 1164.
HOTEL man; must be a first-class bookkeeper;
state experience, references and wages ex-
pected. Address box Call office.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764V4 Mission
■ ■t nSufto take 0 rooms; 10c. 15c and 25c per
night; 60c, »0c and $1 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms. IS4I
Market st.HELP WAV ED-Cnntlnned.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarrle.l mer. between the ages of "1 and 30
years, who are cttizens of the United States,
or those who have lecally declared their In-
tention to become such: must be of good char-
ncter md habits nnd able to speak, read and
wril English, and be between 5 feet 5 Inches
nnd 6 feet In helpht. For further information
apply al the Recruiting Office, 4J Ellis st.,
San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Kd ltolkln. Reno House proprietor, >till
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
room?. 2."c per nig: . $1 to $3 per week.
MKN nnil women to •m barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College. ISS% Eighth st.
BARBERS' Association Free Employment
Office^ S^ FT'CHS. Sec. 325 Grant aye.
TRY Lirulell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
thoroughly renovated: 200 rms.: 15c, 25c night.
SINGLE rooms. V*c. 20c, 25c per night; 75c, }.
to $2 M per wk.' Elcho House. 5634 Market St.
SAILORS, ordinary seair.en. rarpenters, coast,
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S, 2i; Steuart.
WANTED— To rrl!ect vragta due laborers and
clerks. Kncx Collection Agency, 11] Sutier st.
SAILOrts ar.'i ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, itfi Davtn st.. near Jackson.
SINGLE, furnished, fine. Urge, sunny an.l airy
room. 2.1e r.lcht. Riseflale House. 321 E'.'.is st.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market st.. below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a n:cht: $1 a week.
WINCHESTER H"u?p. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: TOO rroms. 2">c nlsrht: re.idlni; room: free
'hy* nr:i ' --'L-e to nr.rl from the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS wanted—";?. 5.," guaranteed to ex-
terminate ami irlve away every rat and
mouse from any house or place within $ dayH;
not poison, nor will it kill or harm anything
but nits and mice; greatest money maker
ever handled by agents; boys and girls make
$12 to $15 weekly; write lick for terms and
territory; we also want hustlers to take State
agency. 3. S. MFG. CO.. Chicago, 111.
LARGE insurance office desires city agent hav-
ing goo.l connections an.l controlling busl-
ness; salary paid. Box 724. 435 California st.
AGENTS wanted. Call 2C2 Sixth st. after 9
ROOMS AND HOARD WANTED.
RO. M and board by middle-aped lady in
_ -*«>te family; --•..-'• terms. Box 7(6. * Call.
\\ \vn:;>_Mi«M i;i i.\ tttous.
BICYCLE in good order; cheap for cash- state
price ami year made. Box Csc. Call office.
MEDICAL.
ALL ladles will be glad to Teara~thaT~Mrs7lbr'
uwyer, furmerly of 226 Turk st.. has returned
to the city and resume business; a sure and
Eafe cure fur all female diseases from what-
ever cause; all tho*? who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
caFes before going elsewhere; they will find
her a tr\;- friend; home for patients, with
every cemfort; satisfaction guaranteed by '
MRS. DR. GWYER, £10 Eddy st., between '
Hyde and Larkin.
ALL cases of monthly irregularities restored i
• Instantly fno matter what cause); 6afe and
sure at any time; my celel rate remedies and
tment have never been known to fall;
travelers helped without delay; home in con-
finement; medical attention; all those
■Rho are uick and discouraged consult the re-
liable tpeoiallsia free and confidential. MRS.
DR. WYETH. 20S Turk st.. near Jones.
ALL Ladies — C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles, i
true friends of all Invalids, men and women; '
f-0 years' pratcice; — •■• and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail: delloacy, privacy, home,
etc.: babies adopted: travelers treated; no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; onfl-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 122S Market St.;
; ::s. $1; very strong. $2.
ILL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are puaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; post- I
lively safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects: taken tn time It also acts as a pre-
\er.tlve; price $1 50 per box, sent free by mall
en receipt of price: consultation on all special
diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 23 Grant
aye.. S. F. A caution— Sefore purchasing
elsewhere write us.
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from hat cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; safe and
sure; no medicine or instruments used: con-
sultation free: pills and capsules. $1; cure $5.
By the well-known ladies' physician for 37
years. Call and see me for a safe cure. DR.
POPPER. $18 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases cf ntbly Irregularities from whatever
cause: no instruments used: guaranteed cure
nt office. $."; traveler? helped instantly: hours
8 a. m. to fi p. m. MRS. DR. KuHL, 1122
.. <:,]i>i «t... 1., t llasnn an) Tayl.ir.
"AILMENTS'— Ladles In trouhle see Drs. Good-
wln free: reliable, safe and sure: cure In 24
hours guaranteed: any complaints: no Instru-
ments; maternity home; be«t medical at-
tendance: cure. $5. Removed from 401 D Van
Ness to 1362 A Mkt.,bet. Jones & City Hall ay.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned spe- \
cialist; . a.l monthly irregularities restored;
whatever cause; all cases relieved immedate- |
ly; call or write; confidential. 1023H Market.
ALL married ladies know "Seguro." the neatest !
gboon to them. RICHARDS & CO.. Clay st.; j
Jl 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to SEGU-
RO MFG. CO.. £31 ■■: St.. Sacran Cal.
DR. and MRS WEGEXER 1312 Golden Gate
aye.; private home In conflnemeat, with every j
comfort; best care and attendance: terms i
moderate; Infants adonte.l Into good mes.
ALPEAU'S French pIIIR. a boon to ladles wlth v
female troubles: no ' inger; safe cure: $2 50;
expressed C O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland Cal. .
MRS. ACHARD. midwife: pleasant, sunny
home in confinement. 156 Second st. Tele-
phon< Green 52.
Bellevue Sanitarium— Ladles cared for durlni;
confinement. 727 Beilevue nve.. T.o<> Ar.cele?. ;
_— — —^— — — «— -— — ~^ —
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ- '
ing, telecraphy. languages, English branches: |
. electrical, civil and mining engineering; suh- j
veylngr, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; UOu grad-
uates placed since 1532; catalogue.
ATRES' Business College. 723 Market st.; Indi-
vidual Instruction in shorthand, ♦yplngr. book-
keeping, telegraphy. penmanship, English
branches, etc.; life scholarship. <■**; low rates
per week nd month.
NO humbug— Mrs. Hamilton of 252H Fourth St..
schgol of dre*scutting: will cut and fit free
dresses brought in on the lMh, 10th and 21st.
LADY teaches piano and mandolin aghly:
SOc an hour; excellent pianist and accompanist
for entertainments and vocalists. 1209 Octavla.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, mln-
ing meeh. survey, assay, archlt. : day * eve.;
oft.' 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN. 953 Market.
ELOCUTION & oratory: F. C. Caldwell! 1C yrs'
experience. Emma Ppreckeis ' ldg. 927 Market.
INSTRUCTION— VioIin, piano, met, mando-
"lln. etc. THE MISSES LANE. 3341 24th st.
BAN FRANCISCO Business College, 123« Mar-
ket st; : 400 positions secured in last 2 years.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid rnloulatlon, practically
t.-iughf short time. •r-trr T72 Parrott b'dg.
LOST.
$5 WARD for return: Ms Newfoundland
dot: white breast, white spots on paws. Cor.
Twenty-fifth and Bryant; phone Blue 1452.
ON Dec. 14. from Poweil to Market. to Valencia
tto Twenty-fourth st.. a box containing a<-- !
count honks nnd rtry fruits; lilH-ral reward.
Ad«lre.«i« box 70!), Call office^
DIAMONP horseshoe s^.trfpin; liberal reward
for return or Information of same. Box 637.
Call office.
SUNDAY at ferry. Scotch terrier answering
name Mupple; nickel-plated collar: reward.
C 23 GoHen ClatP .t\e.
. — __»—^ — — - — — — - — —
CUtFET CLKA.M\G.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Worts — Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr..
3S and 40 Eighth st. : telephone South 250.
WHEN yov: become distrusted with poor work
send to BPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet*
bcatlne Works. 053-57 Teiiama St.; tel. S. 10.
CARI cleaned at 3c per yard: laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie '.'44.
j X MITCHELL Carpet-cleanlnr Co.. 240 14th
St.; cleaning 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 833 Golden
Gate ave.: 'tel. East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. .02 Gutter St.;
tel Mnln nn n 4 OHO WOLCOM. '"'roßrtetor.
' • ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE frre: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law. i&i Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, !)27 Market st.
ADVICE free: divorce laws; private. J. B.
EVANS. 14 McAllister, next Hibernia Bank.
ALL private law cases, bankruptcy, collection,
free advice; open evgs. A tty MoCabe, 103 Larkin.
ADVICE free— W. P ADAMS, 807 Emma
Spreckels bldg.,i>27 Market: charges moderate.
1- B CLARK— Emma Hpreckels bldg, »27 Mar- ;
ket: consultation free: no fee* In advance.
SEWING MACHINES^
FOR sale, cheap— Singer and Wheeler < & l
■ Wilson Hecond-hancl sewing machines. . In-
quire at 14-16 Battery st.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, nought, sold;
. machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
renairinj; at lowest rates. 20i Fourth st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A-S4OOO— HOUSE of 4 rooms, store "with~Btock
of groceries liquors, etc.; lot 29x127:6; best
location on Mission «t.; death of owner cause
c: genuine bargain. WILKE & UNFUG 906
Market St.
A— SI2OO— COAL and woo<i yard; established
many years; doing good business; horses and
wagons; rent $25; death of owner cause eft
I^t-v^t"} 1 . ln If 1 ?. 4 ! v estment. Call WILKE
& X NFUG, SO6 Market Et.
A fi^ S ° C ir COUNTRY resort Santa Clara County;
S "l b ar u om: 2 parlors; 7 bed rooms; large
grounds; horse and buggy; stock of liquors;
{u_"-cl*M paying establishment; owner to
\vii t.-J°J rJi ast; a bargain. , Particulars
W ILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market st.
A 7ltr" J: S , ;0 RXER srocery and bar; established
>eari<, doing good-paying business; death of
wit u-p- aY i Se ,^ f ,«? ale; 4 llvln * rooms; rent $45.
— IL ___& UNFUG. SO6 Market et.
Ar«.3S°i,.SALOONA r«. 35 °i,. SALOON ne ar R. R. depot: net rent
«ni> $14; card and private rooms; the biggest
•<?£ S « ln , ln the mark WILKE & UNFUG,
•SOS Market *t.
A-$7OO-DELICACY and grocery store on El-
" s Bt. ; 5 living rooms; rent $25: doing a good
raying business: ncr to leave tor New
York. WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market st.
A-s6so— COFFEE saloon close to Alcazar The-
ater; first-class paying; rent $65; partners
can't agree. WILKE & UNFUO, MM Market.
S. H. GOULD & CO., 632 Market st., oldest
and most reliable flrm in this line in the
city, have for sale the following:
A— sl6oo: grocery and bar; best location in
Mission; > living rooms; stable; low rent; fine
stock; good trade; stock will invoice fully
price asked; thorough investigation.
A—$100;A — $100; groceries and liquor*; living rooms;
must sell; really worth Investigating.
A— s36o; candy route over 5 counties; team
and wagon; well-established trade; clearing
now net $75 per month.
A— -$1100; bakery and delicacies; old-estab-
lished business: fine trade; large stock; will
trade for good rooming-house or sell either
department separate; investigation solicited.
A— Bargains in cigar stands; $125, $150.
A— sl46o; meat market and fruit stand; cuts
up 5 beeves, 2 calves. 35 sheep per week; 2 '
horses. 2 wagons; all cash trade; thorough
trial solicited.
A— KREDO & CO 22VJ, Geary st
Real Estate and Business Chances.
$s:.o— Grocery and bur; value In strk.
$7"o— Grocery and bar; Third st. : snap,
$300— Grocery and bar; a real bargain.
KREDO & CO..
$1750— Saloon; cor. Market; receipts $75 daily.
$100 — Saloon; corner; near cattle market.
.... „ 224 Geary st.
$3,.»— Cijcar stand; clears $100 monthly.
$175— Cigar stand; $10 dally.
KREDO & CO.
A— slso; COFFEE and lunch; $15 daily: must
sell; other business. KREDO & CO.. 22% Geary. '
$1500— Lodging house: 40 rooms, bargain; part
cash If desired. M'LAUOHLIN & CO.. 777 j
Market st.
$10<)0— Partner wanted In saloon; established 30
years: receipts over $SOO per month.
M'LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market st.
$500 — GROCERY store; north of Market st. ;
liquors by the bottle; stock worth the money.
Mclaughlin & co., 777 Market st.
[ CANDY and Ice cream parlor and dcli-
i cacy store; a bargain on account of departure.
Mclaughlin & co.. 777 Market st.
$125 — COFFEE and chop house; a bargain Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market st.
$325— GROCERY; bar.
$600— Cigar stand; bargain.
$275- Branch bakery.
JlfiOO — Candy store. "
$1200— Saloon; down town.
__^ JONES. 865 Market st.
! $100— PARTNER wanted in exclusive business; !
$12 to $1S a week each. WESTERN INVEST-
MENT CO.. 9 Geary st.
$400— PARTNER wanted In light business,
where the services gf plain, steady man are
preferred to hired help; business long estab-
lished and too much for one man: no expe-
rience required; trial given; $1S to $30 a week
each. Western Investment Co.. 9 Geary st.
M. W. MOON & CO.. formerly th National
Agency at 7 Grant aye.. are now locate.! at
IOOS Market Et. and have buyers to Invest
In any legitimate business; parties willing to
sell give U8 a call.
$500 — CANDY store, factory and ice cream par-
lors; the best town in State; will teach the
buyer the business. H. C. DECKER. 1020
Market st. -
$60— CIGAR store: clears $1 50 a day; can be
increased. 141 Fifth st.
WELL-ESTABLISHED plumbing and hard-
ware business In country town 60 miles from
San Francisco; reasonable terms. For full j
particualrs apply H. HACKE. 675 Bryant st. ;
FOR SALE— A saloon and eating house In the :
best part of the city; very low rent; party
must go Kast. Address 215 Stevenson st.
TOM ROBINETT.
SMS— SEVEN furnl?h»<i rooms and bar; $315—4
furnished rooms and cigar stand. WARD &
MARTIN, lOis Mwket, opp. Hibemia Bank.
CRACKER route for sale; clearing $150 per
month; a trial given; this is a genuine busi- I
ness. 1120 Church st., corner Twenty-third. ]
WANTED— Secretary for financial institution j
who will put in a few thousand dollars; must
be competent. Address box 641. Call.
HALF interest In dairy; 150 cows. JOHN
EGLI, 121 Sycamore St.. Ocean View.
HALF interest In photograph gallery for sale.
Inquire 113S Market ■•
SHOE shop: doing fine business: good loca- j
tion; cheap rent: reasonable. 332 Bush st.
$2000 CASH— Men's furnishing business for sale; \
located on one of the best business streets. :
Address .rnishing, box 726. Ca!'. office.
$90— SALOON, fixtures and stock: complete;
rent $20; genuine bargain. Apply 31S Minna.,
OLD-ESTABLISHED drinking saloon for sale
cheap. Inquire at 650 Sacramento, nr. Kearny. |
: PAYING bakery for sale. Corner Web-
ster and Ellis sts. |
i BARBER shop— First-class two-chair 15c shop. I
I completely furnished rooms in rear: sickness. !
Address box 1937. Call office. |
j GOOD paying grocery and bar in Mission; rea- j
tor.able. Inquire 1003 Mission St. «- j
; WELL-EQUIPPED hoarJimr and livery stable; j
barn full: reason for selling sickness; must
sell before winter: 3S boarders; 20 Hvery and
wcrk horses: buggies; surrieg: carriage; ;
double and single harness; all that a good j
etable requires. Address box 377, Call Office. ;
GOOD corner ba'ery; only store; doing good;
business: reason for selling, other business \
in the East. Apply Call office.
COFFEE, tea and spice solicitors headquarters;
fupplled as want.d at lowest prices. lO.*-UJ
Eetle st
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
hTc. DEi ECER, 1020 Mark-- Fifth.
110-room corner house $6500 '
10-room house; worth $1000 EOO |
32 rooms; fine corner 1850 .
14-room house; only 600
26-room house; rent $50 750 ■
9-room house to rent; furnished
6-room flat; rent $22 250
14 rooms; on Sutter st 450
82 rooms; reduced from $5000 to 2500
10 rooms: on Sutter st 250
24-room house; new house and furniture, 850 ,
S rooms; new furniture; cost $550 200 :
12 rooms: on Market St.; rent $40 450 '
10-room house; only : 1".O
21 rooms: corner; clears $150...* BSO
46-room house; corner 1200
I HAVE HOUSES ALL SIZES AND PRICES.
MONEY LOANED ON ANY HOUSE.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
A— KREDO & CO 22>^ Geary st.
Money advanced on all houses.
9 rooms; nice house; clears i'i'> $325
10 rooms; bay-window corner; transient.. BfiO
14 rooms: all bay-windows; a snap $00
17 rooms; Jones st.; clears $75 700
23 rooms: Fifth St.: clears $75 f|Oo
30 rorm.-j; best en Kearny: offices 2200
105 rocms; best known house on <oaßt 4000 ;
And others. Call and get list. KREDO.
A— slso0 — rooms; nicely furnish".-!; keeps 20 |
rooms for transient; always full; will clear
$200 per month. KREDO & CO., 22% Geary.
wins: & CO.. 646 Market st.
14 rooms; near Orpheum: cost $1500: must
rifice; almost a gift $ C5O j
15 ms; offices; near Chronicle; cheap
rent: »in exceptional chance; see it 850
10 rooms': sunny corner: If y v have $250
we w'll furnish the balance 450
35 rooms: fac'ng Union square; rhea;>
rent: Inspection invited; A No. 1 place. 2300
' S2 rooms; rent only 1200; water free;
greatest opportunity ever ouered: lnves-
tlgate 2700
A— s?so; HOUSE of 35 rooms; rent $r.O: or
Ffrkton St.: alcknesw In family cause of
jrreat bargain. WILKE & UNFUG, 906
Market st.
A— s2ooo CASH: R0 rooms; elevator: rent $200:
clean $200. KPECK & CO.. 602 Market st.
A— SNAP: $1000: corner. 70. • rms; clears $100.
A t '"'X A CO.'B. 502 Market st
" "" ! HORSES.
FOR Sale Pair of well matched standard bred
and very fast bay trotters, with buggy and
harness," complete: fine road team for a gen-
tleman. Address 8., 220 Montgomery aye.
/ ~
CO HORSES of *ver. description at Emporium
BaleerardS. 220 Valencia *t.. bet. Thirteenth
and Fourteenth: also buggies, wagons, har-
nesß. etc.. at your own price.
<0 HORSES f r sale; also witions. buge'es.
rsrts harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket IT? Sixth: auction «n!e« rverv Wedne»- •
day SULLIVAN * T">OYT.F Aiirti.-ineers. ;
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
GENTLE black mare, top buggy harness, etc.;
cheap; suitable for lady. 1031 McAllister st.
" ~~ TO LEASE. '
FURNISHED hotel in Benlcta: 2 minutes' .
walk to Baker & Hamilton's Agricultural ;
Works. Apply American Hotel, Benlcia, Cal.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1898.
HOI SES TO LET. j
Send for circular; houses to let all parts of
city. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
ELLIS — House of 7 rooms and bath; yard;
rent $15. Apply 626 Eddy st.
TURK, 812, near Franklin— Modern sunny
house, 9 rooms: bath: garden front and rear. J
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st.
12- ROOM house; fine for renting rooms. 29 Oak
6t.. near Market. Apply at 15 Grant aye.
$20— « ROOMS and bath (new); Sutro Heights:
grand marine view; near 2 , car lines. 410
Fqrty-fifth aye. ' , ' : _^_
COTTAGES TO LET.
$15— COTTAGE, 4 rooms, bath, baßement; $15,
upper flat, 5 rooms, bath. Apply at 220 13th.
FLATS TO LET.
BERNARD. 10, bet. Pacific, Broadway, Taylor
and Jones — 3 rooms and bath, $11.
FELL. Flat. 4 rooms and bath; hot and
cold water; yard and basement; rent $15;
key 13 Fell.
FILLMORE. 2216%— renovated flat; 6
large rooms and bath; reduced rent. BURN-
HAM & MARSH CO.. 20 Montgomery St.
FLAT of 6 rooms and bath. S% Lewis St., oft
Taylor, near Post.
MODERN flat of 4 rooms and bath. ISO 7 Eddy
Bt.. near Scott; rent cheap.
SECOND, 625— Flat, 6 sunny rooms, $14; also
sunny cottage.
SIXTEENTH. 3176, near Guerrero— flat, 4
rooms and bath; modern Improvements; will
let cheap; also store; nice living rooms.
SUNNY flat, 6 rooms, bath; modern imp. .large
sunny yard; rear entrance. 2806 Howard.
TWO sunny flats; newly papered and painted;
$8 and $10. 2041 Harrison st.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flaspcle. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st.
$12. $14. $17; FLATS, light and sunny; 4. 5 and
6 rooms. 2209 Geary St.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CLEMENTINA, 707— Nice sunny housekeeping
rooms; bath and wash room; $7.
EDDY, 4S3— unfurnished rooms; new flat; ele-
gant parlor suite, with kitchen.
EDDY, 915—2 large furnished sunny rooms; all
conveniences; line location; private residence.
EDDY, 817— Very desirable connecting house-
keeping rooms; no children; private residence.
FIFTH. 909— New house; connecting suite, par-
I r, bedroom, kitchen; sunny; running water;
gas. j
FIFTH. 322— Large sunny front bedroom and
kltchei grate, water, sink, bath; private; $11.
FOLSOM. 525— Large sunny furnished rocm;
light housekeeping; $1 M weekly. |
FOLSOM. 1136—3 sunny rooms, complete for
housekeeping; rent $12 50.
FOLSOM, 1613, near Twelfth— Three sunny un-
furnished housekeeping rooms: balU.
GROVE, 202. corner Van Ness aye.— Suite of 3
Eunny unfurnished rooms, with gas range.
GUY place, 12, off First, Just above Folsom—
$16: 6 rooms and bath; lower part of house.
HAMPTON place, off Folsom. bet. Second and
Third— Bay window; i rooms; yard; base-
ment: $11.
HOWARD, 525— Pleasant front room; furnished
complete for housekeeping; others reasonable.
KEARNY. near Sutter— unfurnished
front rooms for offices or housekeeping; gad
free; cheap rent. Apply 15 Grant aye. j
LARKIN. 433—2 rooms for housekeeping; rent !
reasonable. i
LEAVENWORTH, 150 S. nr. Jackson— 3 fur- '
nished sunny rooms; bath; $10.
MARKET, 102S— Large sunny front room and
kitchen; folding bed; closet; call after 6 p, m.
MISSION, 1220— Sunny room for 2; running
water; grate; light housekeeping; also single.
NINTH. 21— Suite of sunny rooms furnished for
light housekeeping: running water: stove.
NINETEENTH, 4045. near Castro— 3 unfur-
nished sunny housekeeping rooms; cheap.
OAK. 12— Large alcove room; running water;
folding bed; cook stove; rent $10.
OAK. 111—2 or 3 nice sunny housekeeping
rooms; modern improvements.
OCTAVIA. 311— Elegant new sunny furnished
bay window; corner floor: bath: gas: yard.
.sn,\'Kß. 165, nr. Fourth— Front parlor and
kitchen furnished for housekeeping. ' \
SIXTH, 21C%— 2 nlre sunny front rooms for
light hkpg: also single: reasonable; quiet.
SIXTH, 393. corner Harrison— Sunny front
room 3, furnished for housekeeping.
SIXTH, 42'"' -Housekeeping rooms; also elegant
parlor suite; running water, bath, closets.
STEIN ER. 1433— Three or 4 rooms furnished for
housekeeping.
TEHAMA. *62, near Second— s3; lower part of i
house; first rate order.
TENTH, 136, corner Minna— Sunny housekeep-
ing rooms; running ter; stove.
VALENCIA. IC2S— 3 furnished rooms for house-
keep! rent $10.
4 ROOMS and bath and washroom. 1106V4 Treat
avenue.
3 AND 2 large unfurnished rooms: cellar and
yard: cheap. Inquire 66] Sixth st.
ROOMS YO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny r.t.— Pleasant
runny rooms: en eulte or i ngle: rrst-ciaaj
in every respect, terms reasonable,
BALBOA. The. 1049 A Market— Changed hands:
renovated; rooms 50c, tultes $1 per day; less
per week: country trade solicited; elev'tr;tei.
BRUNSWICK— I43 Sixth St.. corner Howard-
rooms en suite or single. 25c to $1 a night;
$1 25 to $5 week; open all nlsrht; Howard-at.
cars pass house direct from all trains.
BUSH SOS— Nicely furnished double rooms;
suitable for couple; very rear.4iable.
BUSH, £63 — Nicely furnished sunny single or
double room; private family; gents; refs.
CALIFORNIA, 1520— Nicely furnished front hall
room, wii.. or without board; boarding.
CARROLLTON. 1206 Market, oor. Colden Gate-
Nicely furnished room* and > fflces.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished sinu-le and double rma. ; $8. $18 mo.
DOLORES, 429—3 furnished rooms to let; rent
cheap; coll evenings.
EDDY, 118— Sunny pleasant furnished rooms;
central; very desirable; $6 per month upward.
EDDY, 207 — Nicely furnished sunny single room,
$5; also 2 double sunny rooms, $7 and $8.
EDDY. 330, between Jones and Leavenworth
Handsome parlor suite; also single rooms;
carpets and furniture entirely new; at rea-
sonable rent.
ELLIS, 41S (Grand Carnot)— Nice sumy suites
& -In?.. $1 50. $6 wk. : 60c, $1 day: tel. 81. 1354
FILLMORE, 1720—7 handsomely modern '
papered sunny rooms; larjje yard and b^- ... t.
GEARY, Newly fur. sunny front rms.: 3'
unfur.; cor. rms.; Ist floor; baths; transient.
GEARY. 425, "The Gage"— Elegant furnished, |
en hUite and single; hot and cold water; bath.
GEARY, 622— Large front sunny bay window 1
room; also others; hot and cold water.
GLOBE use, --' Howard— Per night, 25c to
$1; week. $1 to $4; reading room; Howard cars.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. teventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single: elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House, 7SI Mission-Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 • er week.
HASKELL. The. 121 Powell— New management;
cheap, neat, light, sunny rooms; transient.
HOWARD. S74 — Sunny rooms cheap; or will
sell out cheap; good location.
HOWARD. 953%. near Sixth— Newly furnished
sunny rooms; bath: $1 week up; quiet house.
HOWARD, 1800, corner Fourteenth— 3 sunny
front rooms; rent $$.
JESSIE , S12 — To let, a large sunny front room,
unfurnished.
MECHANICS' HOUSE, 456 Flfth-Everythlng
new; rms.. single or suite. $1 wk. trans-
cient: bar in connection. F. W. Gardener, bro.
C. J. Gardener of Folsom and Rausch, prop.
MINNA, 667, cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. 933 (Mint House)— Nice sunny fur-
nl»>hed rooms; transient: new house; central.
NINTH, 20, near Market— bay-window
room; folding bed: grate; gas; $S.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day. week ,or month.
PIEDMONT House. 119 A 6th— Nicely furnished
cunny front rooms; double, single; first class.
PINE. 1004, near Taylor— Sunny furnished and
unfurnished rooms; reasonable. ;
POST. 909— Newly furnished sunny rooms;
single and double; $5, $7, $8; private house.
SEVENTH, 178— Cheerful sunny furnished front
rooms; $! per week.
SEVENTH,' 179— New house, newly furnished;
modern, sunny; Eingle or suite; $6 to $20 mo.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 23 Eighth »t..
near Furnished and unfurnished. >
STOCKTON, 242— Sunny ', front rooms; ■ suites,
single; facing plaza; day or month.
SUTTER. Clean and comfortable furnished
rooms; single and en suite; very reasonable, |
V ■
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
TAYLOR, 109— Handsomely furnished suite.
suitable for doctor's office, clairvoyant or
massage parlors; transient solicited.
TAYLOR. 223— Nicely lurnished tront rooms:
fn suite or ■■■'■'gle: bath, gas.
KOOMS A.ND BOARD.
BUSH. 1094—2 front rooms; excellent home
cooking: 2 meals; reasonable.
FELL, 26—2 nicely furnished *unny rrx.m?, with
board: reasonable; gas; gents preferred.
FIRST, 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
HOTEL Fairmount. 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture; first class in every respect; table
unsurpassed; hot and ccld water; elevator;
suites, with board for 2. $50 a month up.
IRVING. 1070 Valencia— Large sunny front al-
cove room.
O'FARRELL. 742— Sunny single rm : also sunny
parlor for 3 gentlemen; home comforts; piano.
SITTER, 112-S— Elegant ronm and board; loca-
tion unsurpassed; reasonable.
VAN NESS. 400 — Large sunny room with board
for two; separate beds: very cheap.
VAN NESS aye.. 519— Sunny furnished suites
j and 6ingle rooms; first-class table board.
VAN NESS aye., 712— Sunny pleasant rooms,
with board; gas; bath; $20 per month up.
VAX .\"ESP. 9."'"»— Reautlful sunny rooms, with
hoard: electric lights: reasonable.
CHILDHE.V BOARDED.
WOMAN would like child to raise on bottle;
mother's care: no other children: or would
take older child. 106 Natoma st.
I EXPERIENCED lady would board infant or
I older children: mother's care; $10. 2SS2 Slx-
j teenth st., near Howard.
TURK, 524 — Wanted children or Infants to
board; Ger. fam.; good home: mother's care.
STORES TO LET.
GROCERY and bar to let. Northwest corner
Eighth and Natoma sts. ; living rooms.
STORE: 3 sunny living rooms; rent $12 50. 810
Flllmore St., corner Haight.
TWI )-show-window store and two living rooms
to 1-t; cheap. ISO 2 Howard st.
OFFICES TO LKT.
EMMA BPRECKELS building. 927 Market St.—
Light, heat, ianitor and telephone; rents $12 50
to $20. ASHTON & GARDNER, room 210.
j GOLDEN GATE aye., 503— Double parlors, car-
i peted, suitable for doctor, dentist; gas; bath.
STABLES TO LET.
STABLE, 4 stalls or more If desired; $11 per
1 month. 415 First st.
MUSICAL ISSTRIMESTS.
■ A BEAUTIFUL Hardman; used few months
only; a great opportunity. The J. DEWING
CO.. sole agents Hardman piano, second
floor. Flood building.
A FINE practically new Chlckerlng upright;
carefully selected by the owners at the Chick-
ering fuctory; sacrificed Immediately on ac-
count of loss of business. See ot at once at
r ■- m U\ Flood building.
A MAGNIFICENT new Hallet & Davis piano
will be sold at once to beet offer. Room 12,
Flood building.
WANTED — To puchase a good upright piano.
Room 12, Flood building.
AT $5 50 PER MONTH INSTALLMENTS AND
UPWARD.
$3 50 per month rent; new pianos.
Heine upright $293 00
Bteinway upright 187 50
('nickering upright 235 00
Sohmer upright 115 00
Knabe upright 275 00
And over 20 bargains from $40 up; buy direct
of manufacturer and save $50 on each piano.
Office of
HEINE PIANO MANUFACTURING CO.,
ISG Ellis st.. Y. M. C. A. building.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
caph and $8 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are thn
Fame as if purchased for all cash: bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
t aymente and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$: per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
St. inwny dealer?, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broad W;i y . ( >a k land.
A FINE List of Bargains in Good Uprights
This Week Only:
Weber $ 50
Steinway 1»
Fisher (Sacrificed)
Hemme & Long, and others very cheap.
Open I'veninga until S:3O.
fIARDNF.R & OLASSELL. 21« Post st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A FEW Bargains Until Christmas Only:
Sterling piano: rosewood case $190
Royal piano; oak case 197
Miller piano, rosewood case 198
$6 per month; guaranteed 5 years.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell # st.
DURING the next few weeks while our store
Is being remodeled we will offer the greatest
bargains In planoß and musical merchandise:
call and get our prices. ZENO MAUVAIS
, MUSK' CO.. 769 Market st.
A STEINWAT, $175; Steck. $150; Estey, $225~[
Fischer, $250; Weber. $200; easy payments;
pianos rented $1 SO up; rent allowed on pur-
chape. Bruenn's Piano House. 204 Post St.
WM. G. BADGER. 415 Sacramento St., agent
for celebrated pianos of Francis Bacon of New
York and Hallet & Davis Co.. Boston.
AN elegant Steinway upright, but little used
and In perfect order; a bargain. Spencer's
Piano Warerooms, ISIS Market st.
A FINE bargain; Weber upright, only $60. 216
Post st.
A FINE Steinway nnd new Chickering upright
sa<-r!nred. KEEFFE'S. 1119 Van Ness aye.
JISfV- FlNFTstelnwayjgrent bargain. SCHMITZ,
1G McAllister st.. next Hibemia Bank.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauey. 3os Pout st.
HAINES Brns." and other flr«t-c!ass pinnos at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON. 524 Post.
NEARLY new uprleht piano cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG, 218 McAllister.
"AD" smnllest; prices lowest: uprights, $75 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
KNABE pinnos: new scale; now styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. SO O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
,TUT T.FTt. m.nkor. rern'rer. 2 Latham plnce
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS engines, 2d-hand machinery. Ms-
INTOBH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
ASK to see the 312 solitaire diamond rlnar: ask
t see the $15 solitaire diamond ring. UNCLE
HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
FOR sale— Small billiard table; almost new.
757 Harrison st.
PICTURE framing with glass, now cheaper
than ever; 7x9 Inches, 10c; 10x12. 13c; 12xl«,
j We: 14x17. 2r,c: 16x20. SOc; ISx22. 35c; 20x24, 45c:
22x25. file; curtain poles complete, with wood
or brass trimmings, 15c; room molding, all
colors, lc per foot: colored pictures, studies,
etc.. 3 for 10c. JONES. 547 Mis-lon st.. be-
tween Flr^t and Second: open evenings.
BARS, back bars, mlrrore, showcases, counters,
[ linoleum, office furniture, storp and office fur-
niture nrd fixtures: new and second hand. J.
NOONAN, 1017-1013-1021-1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth.
FOURTEEN nice Shetland ponies for sale at
J. D. HORAN'S Stock Yard, corner Tenth
and Bryant sts.: among them are several
nicely mated teams and ponies, suitable for
saddle.
MASTIFF pups, at Rose Cottage, Maple Court,
off Fourteenth st., between Guerrero and
Dolores.
DOMESTIC sewing machine. 5 drawers, good
order, cheap. 1315 Mission st.. near Fifteenth.
GOOD seven-year-old horse, sound and gentle,
for pale, at 2024 Mission Bt.
DOUBLE cylinder 5 h. p. gas engine, in good
running order. 648 Mission st.
NEW sealskin sacque. Apply M. L., box iSS,
Call office.
BEAUTIFUL diamond bracelet, coat $350; also
solitaire diamond ring, chenp. 43 Sixth st.
SECOND-HAND engines, boiler*, pumps, hose,
belting, etc. H. L. WHITE. 516 Mission St.
SAFES— The Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
423 Sacramento st.
J. R POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Ml^lon; tel. South 787.
SAVES— Bargains In new and second-hand: all
sizee; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
PETALUMA and Stockton Incubator; 300 and
240 eggs; brooder: $40 outfit. 280.'> Folsom st.
40.000 FEET redwood boards; second-hand lum-
ber. Ist nnd Jeaele. Yard l.'th and Valencia.
GASOLINE engines— l :. p, |MN; 2 h. p.. tlB;
3 h. p., $150; 4 hp . $17.-,. Fmlth Co.. ;27 Mission.
SIX ho-sepower Zenith gas engine: nearly new.
Caj Br>n c. •;■• M m «__ taj Br. 18.
ONE and 2 bowl barber washst«nd3. cheap.
HI'PSrHMIDT. f<l2 Golden Gate aye.
BICYCLES.
EXTRA fine pointer dog pup; 9 months old;
will exchange for bicycle or chickens or sell.
JONES. 565 Market st.
ALMOST new high-grade wheel for sale cheap;
| 22-inch frame. 722 Broderlck, near McAllister.
PERSONALS.
LEDERER'S Qulnonia Is the one tonic that
helps hair that is thin or falling out; Joe bot-
tle; try it. G. LEDKRER. 123 StocKton st.
LEDERER, the hairdresser, has but one price,
25c, for a la mode styles; LEDERER'S
FOAiIO. 5c package; use no other; switches,
$1 up; open Sundays and holidays, 9 to 12.
123 Stockton &t. .
SANTA CLAUS wig, whiskers and eyebrows, 75
cents, post paid; illustrated catalogue of
Wigs, Plays, Tricks and Novelties free. Cha_.
Marshall, Manufacturer, Lockport, N. Y.
, __ _
DR. MORSE, eye specialist, formerly at 303
Eddy St., has moved to room 402, Parrott
block, over Emporium.
JOSEPH GREVEX, instructor of many now
celebrated singers, will open by requeßt two
classes, each with about 10 pupils, beginning
January, being Impossible to receive the many
applicants for single lessons; classes, month-
ly >2. ensemble and single treatment; only
those enlisting .before Christmas accepted.
Rms. 121-122 Murphy. bldg., Jones and Market.
CLOTHING, especially ladies' and children's;
highest price; postal. H. Fabian, 1020 Folsom.
STAMP Albums, best Christmas present; stamps
bought. W. Sellschopp & Co., lIS Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third st.. near Market: 200 rooms;
26c to Jl 50 per night: |1 E0 to S6 per week;
free "bus and baggage to and frcin the ferry.
CHRISTMAS Sale— Japanese bamboo furniture:
all kinds to order: wholesale and retail: coun- I
try orders. K. YOSHITANI CO. 313 Sutter.
SUITS to order en installments at cash prices;
tl week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
— — — — — — — — — — — ■— — — — — — —— i
HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth St.. Alameda.
SUITS to order- on easy • I-stallments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market nt.. bet. 7th and Sth.
DRESSMAKERS.
LATEST style dresses made, $5 to $«; dresses
made over. 3 Eddy St., rooms 14 and 15.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tatlortnt
College. 916 Market: men and w.>men teacher*.
.— . — .— ». — —— —^— — — — — —
si'ihitua-ism.
attentTonT
mrs. dr. a. d. howe,
The celebrated medium and clairvoyant of all
clairvoyants, who sees it all, tells'you all and I
Instantly gives you peace and happiness. She
never asks a question, but before you utter a
wcrd she tells you in full of all that you are
interested in; business, speculation, love,
jnarrlage, divorce, tells of friends and ene-
mies, locates mines and burie.l treasures,
TO THE SICK ESPECIALLY
Her assistance is priceless. Her "Revealed ;
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis.
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and ner-
vous affections. The wonderful cures which
ehe has made are the talk of the whole slope.
AH correspondence sacredly confidential.
Treatment and consultation by mail always
Fatisfactory and most successful. Address or
call. MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
1104 Market st., S. F.. The Vendome.
DR. m 7 MUEHLENBRUCH. the prophetic seer
and psychometrist, box 118, Oakland, Cal.,
diagnoses disease by mail without symptoms
required, from lock of hair; 5 2-cent stamps:
rock from mines read, $2 50; life readings by
mall. $2 50. '
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, celebrated trance
teEt medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant,
cures disease with revealed remedies; consult
when others fall: sittings J!. 232 Stockton st.
MADAME AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader
and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c. 1150 Mis-
sion st.
BUSINESS medium' and palmist: readings 25c
this week; satisfaction guaranteed. 2_-iV_ 6th.
MRS. ELLIS: tests to all: Tue.«.-Frl.. 2 p. m.:
Mon.. S- 25c: sittings .1. .M Valencia *t.
____________
( LAIRVOYAN T S.
A— MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
Permanently Located in San Francisco,
At 1023 1 Market Street.
Between Sixth and Seventh.
While entranced gives aid and advice which
will overcome your enemies, remove family
troubles, restore lost affections, make marriage
with the one you lovt no failure, remove influ-
ence, bad habits, cures witchery, fits and long-
standing and mysterious diseases; will give cor-
rect Information on law suits, sickness, death,
divorces, absent friends, etc.
N. B. — Perfect satisfaction guaranteed mall.
Send stamp for circular, with special terms,
To MRS. DR. F. CLARK, 1023^4 Market st.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; 25c. 148 6th, rm. 10.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader; 10c; ladles only.
643 Natoma St., bet, 6th and 7th.
MME. ETHEL GRAY, scientific palmist, clalr-
voyant and card reader. 1169 Mission, nr. Bth.
MME. ; MOREAU/ the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c. 221 Sixth
street.
Mrs. Hosklns, tr. medium, rdgs dally, $1; clr-
cles Tues. eve., 25c. 322 S. Spring, Los Angeles.
MME. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first in her pro-
fession, has removed to 21S Stockton st.
MME. RAVENA r»ads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladies. 9H O'Farrell st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
HYPNOTISM
COLLEGE Suggestive Therapeutics, 305 Larkln
• St., San Francisco— Diseases and habits cured
at the college by -suggestion: occult science
taught; hours to suit pupil; Tuesday evening
clinic free; experienced teachers and prac-
titloners. DR. S. TURMAN. _^
DENTISTS.
A METAL plate for the .-ame price as rub-
ber: full set of teeth. $5; crov ns. $3; fill-
ings, 50c: teeth without plates a specialty;
written guarantee for ten years given on all
work; no students employed; extracting free
when plates are ordered; consultation free.
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and
Mason. sts. Entrance S Mason st. -
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexibl.
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our epecialty; fillings,' 50c; crowns, $3 50: alt
■work painless and ' warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth st. : telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. '2O O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts or fills teeth painlessly by hts wonder-
ful secret method; crowns $2. bridges J4; rub-
ber or flexible plates $3: received S _rst prize.;
. no students; guarantee 12 years.
VAN VROOM Electro Dentnl Parlors; full set
of teeth, $5 up; fillings, 25c up: all work pain-
lers and guaranteed to F»and; open evenings
997 Market st., corner Sixth.
FULL set of teeth, $4: fillings. 25c: 22k. gold
crowns. $3: gold bridge, . $6; plates repaired;
"painless extraction guaranteed. N. Y. DEN-
TISTS, 569 Mission . fit. . .' .
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market et.. near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work i.nd fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given. ,
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny; set of teeth,
$4: filling, gold. BOc: sliver. 23c; crowns. $3..
■ —
THE Esmond dental parlors, 43 6th — Crown and
bridge work specialists: crowns $3; est. 15 yrs.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
ALL work reasonable and warranted TR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market St.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch offlc* of Th. Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
YUKON .MAIL,
RELIABLE party returning to Yukon, via
Skaguay and Bennett, over the Ice with dog
teams, wIH leave San Francisco January 10
1533. for Dawson. Circle City and by ' sta-
tions on the Yukon River, as far as Ram-
part City; will receive and carry letters sent
In Government stamped envelopes at $1 per
letter: letters over 2 ounces will be charged
extra: all must be stamped according to
weight: letters for Atlln City will be for- |
warded from Bennett. Call or address letters
with -fee inclosed. >
N. Letters received will be answered
by postal, which forms a receipt, signed by
the carrier, if fo desired. . Address C. G.
JOHNSTONE, 331 Kearny St., San Francisco,
Cal. . ■
RESOLUTION.
RESOLUTION— At a meeting of the Board of
New City Hall Commissioners, held Decem-
ber 16. IS9S, the following resolution was
• ordered passed to print:
Resolved, that the following final ac-
ceptance payment be passed to print: James
J. O'Brien, on contract. No. 83, the sum of
$30.0-. 06: also final payment to John J.
. McGowan. contract No. S7, ' sum ' of $627 50;
Jnhn D. Spreckels.& Bros. .C0.,-S7SG 50: John
Quadt. $55; Gladding. Mcßean & Co., $608 50;
W." H. McCormack, $25. : •-_.-,..
Ayes- ommlMSioners Phelan, Broderick.
Gallagher.
. SAMUEL H. BECKETT, -:
Acting Secretary.
~™~~ 1 U'hWKITERS.
ALL typewriters sold and rented, few partly
: used -for sale cheap; send fcr samples and
prices. ALEXANDER _ CO.. 110 Montgomery.
A 'HAMMOND, $25: " Caligraph, $15; ; Yost., $25:
get .ample work. SCOTT, 333 Montgomery at.
..■:■■ .'..••.■■■ ... • . ■ ■ ■■" . -■' ■,-■
CITY KEAL ESTATE.
GOOD TIMES ARE NOW AT HAND! ~~
BUY REAL ESTATE.
CITY REAL ESTATE BARGAINS.
$620— Lot 37x120 feet, ready to build; 200 feet
from Geary-st. cars.
$975— Cozy cottage, with stable, nice yard: lot j
has double front; great. bargain for Christmas.
SltXO— 4-room cottage, vicinity Page and Web- ]
ster sts. . -
$1800— Two good flats: always rented; $20;
near Jones st. ; only $680 cash.
$90,G00 -MARKET 3T.
— Grand purchase near Phelan building;
under long lease.
$140.1100— PROPERTY.
Grand investment north of Market st. ; very .
cheap; pays 6 per cent; 10 years' lease; guar-
anteed 5-story stone and iron building.
$10,000— BUILDERS, ATTENTION. ■ •
Turk-st. corner, with 3 frontages: 50x120 feet;
chance not to be missed: must be sold. .
$15,000— EDDY-ST. CORNER. "
40 feet front; good frame improvements; pays
8 per cent net; a snap-up. . "•-".»- ■ ■ .
OTHER GOOD INVESTMENTS.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
$450— NEBRASKA st, near Nineteenth and
Lick School; 2"..\100; $50 cash, balance $S per
month: corner $600. Inquire 1326 Hayes st.
WE have one more 6-room cottage for $2200;
Eec this bargain. RAND & CO.. 917 Market.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
CHOICE, rich farms of 10 acres, right at Ante-
lope station, Sacramento County, may be
bvuglit tor $500, but may be leased on trial
at $20 per year and for 5 years. McEWEN
BROS., lIS Montgomery st.
A— s22oo— l4o- ACRE rarfch, 2 miles from town;
Napa; nice ' house, barn; fine orchard of 4
acres; 4 horses; cows, tools, etc. SPECK &
_ CO., 6C2 Market st. .
BARGAIN— I4-acre orange grove, bearing, or
exchange for S. F. property, at SPECK &
CO.'S, 602 Market St.
BARGAINS!— 3 20-acrb tracts: level, rich val-
ley land: within 25 miles of Oakland;* price
way down. Box 731, Call office.
$650 WILL hulld 4-room bay-window cottage;
good material. GEO. M. RALSBURY. Bulld-
t. f2l X St.. Sunset district. !
PROPERTY WANTED.
A— ssooo; Sutter-st. flats: want grain ranch, at
A. M SPECK & CO.'S. 602 Market st.
RANCH wanted In trade for 7-room house; 2
cor, lots; S. F. : $3600. J.. Call office. Oakland. :
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. -F., Oak-
land or Alameda' at " lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., abore
Sixth: telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, room 40S. Parrott building. -
LOANS to salaried people: no security except
name. New Era Loan Co., 1003V4 Broadway,
Oakland. Hours, 10 to 3.
• . —
DIAMONDS, diamonds: highest amount loaned,
lowest interest. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ay.
ON furniture. plano.«, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates: no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
ANY amount at 6,4 per cent on real estate, 2d
and cd mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
$5000 IN sums to suit: reliable parties. 120 Ellis
st., room 4, until Jan. 1.".
BORROW from the CUT-RATE LOAN OF-
FICE, 22 Mason St.. opp. Olympla Music Hall..
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mlsslon; private. LICK. 116 McAllister, st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market Ft.
$50 TO $.:-O.nO0: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.:
any proposition. Dryden 413 M mtgomery st.
FINANCIAL. •
NOTES discounted; loans negotiated. SYL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker. 32S Montgomery.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9O3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAXi ESTATE.
30 MINUTES from San Francisco: 3 minutes
from station; In attractive neighborhood:
new residence, 7 rooms; strictly modern;
thoroughly constructed and finely finished; lot
40x125; i small payment and monthly install-
ments can be arranged. HERON & HOL-
COMB. 1050 Broadway.
$4400—38 ACRES; cheapest ranch in California-
4 miles from canter of Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES.
EQUITY of $2000 in Oakland house and lot; ex-
change for small Improved mountain ranch.
Box 1859. Call office. • ■
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Onod nn^rh^T^^^TiK^i^'
HAAP' rid ffnrs 4ft« F!»V»-- 1 - -I J . V —
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE— 6O cents on the dollar; one 6, one
6 and one 7 room cottage; also for Investment
two 2-story cottapes; pay net 10 per cent-
b«ft location. Apply to A. R. DENKE SR.,
Webster st. station, narrow gauge.
HOUSES built to order at your own prices and
on your own terms: call and see plans. J H
YOUNG. Builder. 1243 Park st.
HKT. 1.. . \ KEAL ESTATE.
$1750— HOUSE of 5 rooms; large lot; street
work all done; electric cars pass the doors- a
bargain. Apply to JOS. J. MASON Real
Estate, Berkeley.
$3ooo— A FIRST-CLASS investment: house of 13
rooms; near the university; thoroughly well
built; all the latest Improvements; street
work all done; leased for $50 net monthly
Apply to JOS. J. MASON, Real Estate
Berkeley.
FOR SALE— Fine place in the center of Berke-
ley for chicken ranch, milk ranch or home:
six acres: house, barn, outhouses, windmill
and all Improvements: price $7000
D. J. TOBIN, Real Estate Agent.
2121 Stanford place.
PLEASANT home of 7 rooms on improved
street, for, only $2250. O. G. MAY & CO
2123 Center st.
PHYSIC
REMOVAL Notice— Dr. C. C. O'Donnell. office
and residence. 1021 Market, bet. 6th and 7th.
- STORAGE. .
PIERCE-RODOLTH~^to7TgT^n^~M^ving~CoT
Office 401 Post st.. cor. Powell; tel. Main £71*
BIRTHS— MARRIASES— DEATHS,
i Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not bo Inserted. They must be handed
. in at either of the publication oftices and be
indorsed with the r.ame and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN. .
LEE— this city, December; 8, 1198, to the
wife of Thomas Lee, a daughter.
~ DIED.
Ames, Kittle McMurdo. Ellz'bth A.
Brown. Amasa Macdonald. ■ Margaret
Carter, infant Moody, Edmund F.
Cotter. Maurice. Nolan, Martin.
Donahue, Patrick. Ntlsh, infant son.
* Daly. Annie M. O'Brien. John.
Degorskl, John. Roberts. Thomas.
Flanigan, Lawrence. Robbins, Samuel L. '
Graham, Caroline. •■ Schwerin. Charles M
Hussey, Hanna J. Stalder, Joseph.
Klrby, Daniel. Sawyer, Susie E.
Lorenz. Anna M. Scanlin. Cecelia M.
Lynn, Cecelia. Tripp, Stephen.
. McCarthy. Annie T. Teggart, John.
Maxwell, J. H. Walsh, Margaret.
• ' Marvin, Marjorie.
AMES— In Anßconda. Mont.. December 10, 1898.
Kittle, beloved daughter of George E. and
Addle P. Ames, and sister of Laura M. and
George E. Ames Jr.. a native of Nevada, aged
2S years 2 months and 10 days.
ICTFuneral services will be held this day
(Monday), at the chapel of Cypress Lawn
Cemetery on the arrival of the 11:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets.
BROWN— In Seminary Park. Alameda County,
Cal., Amasa Brown, beloved father of Mrs.
Abbie E. Stone. Mrs. Augusta E. Gates, Wil-
liam L. Brown and Lemuel A. Brown, a na-
tive of New York, aged 73 years 5 months and
25 days.
CARTER— In Berkeley. December IS. IS9S, about
3 a. m., infant daughter of Robert J. and
Maggie Carter, a native of Berkeley, aged 1
year 1 month and 16 days.
EJTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
; the parents, corner of Dana and Blake
streets, Berkeley. .
COTTER— In this. city. Maurice, beloved hus-
band of Catherine Cotter," and father of Peter
Thomas, Mary. Katie, Nora and the late
David Cotter, a native of County Cork, Ire-
land.
DONAHUE— In ' this city, December 17, IS9S
Patrick, beloved husband of; Margaret Dona-
hue, a native of County Clare, Ireland, aged
73 • years. -■•"•- -•■-■■
tn7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend • the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, fr-nv his late resi-
dence. 236 Duncan street, . thence to St. Paul's
Church, corner- Twenty-ninth end Church i
streets, : where a requiem high mass, will be
celebrated for the repose ;of • his soul, com- !
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
DALY— In this city, December 18, IS9B, Annie
May, beloved daughter of Ada and the late
! Michael Daly, and beloved sister of John J..
William H. and Michael F. Daly, and be-
loved niece of the late Margaret Barry and
Mrs. Ellen Nelson, a native of San Francisco,
aged 23 years 1 month and 29 days.
IC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend- funeral to-morrow
1 (Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, JOOS Powell street, thence to St. Fran-
cis Church, where services will be held for
the repose of her soul, commencing at. 2
o'clock. Interment Calvary Cemetery.
DEGORSKI— In this. city. December 17, IS9B.
John, dearly beloved husband of the late
Emille Degorski, and father of Stephanie De-
gorski. a native of Poland, aged 60 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 333 Eddy street, thenc? to St. Mary's
. Cathedral, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery-
FLANIGAN— In this city. December 17. IS9S,
Lawrence, beloved husband or Annie Flani-
gan, a native of County Galway, Ireland,
aged 70 years.
(uTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2424 Harrison street, thence to St.
Peter's Church, where a requhem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
oommencinz at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
I Cross Cemetery-
i GRAHAM— In this city. December 18, 1898.
j Caroline, mother of Ada and Harvey Graham,
and sister of H. Dorry and Mrs. Western
Campbell, a native of New York, aged 50
years. ,
HUSSEY (nee Ault)— ln this city. December 17,
IS9S, Hanna J. Hussey, beloved daughter of
Mary A. and the late Joseph P. Ault. and
sister of Joseph H.. Samuel W. and Matthias
P. Ault, Mrs. T. Lenehen and Mrs. P. Mul-
holland, a native of San Francisco, aged 20
years 4 months and 3 days. ■ (Los Angeles
papers please copy.)
tCFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
I (Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
I at her mother, 1042^ Folsom street, thence to
St. Patrick's Church for services. Interment
I Mount Calvary Cemetery.
KIRBY— In this city, December 18, IS9S, Daniel,
beloved husband .of Annie and father of
Johnnie Kirby, a native of Bangor, Me.,
aged 41 years 11 months and 1! days.
LORENZ— On Mission road, near Colma, Cal.,
December IS. 1898, Anna Meta, dearly beloved
wife of Gustave H. Lorenz, and mother of
, Adelphine, Anna and Hinrich Lorenz, a na-
tive of Hanover, Germany, aged 56 years 11
months and 17 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tueßday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, Mission road, near Colma, Interment
" Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral
car. ,
LYNN— In thiH city, December 18, 189S, at her
residence. . 127 Duncan street, Cecelia, be-
loved wife of Patrick Lynn; and mother
of Henry Lynn and sister of Bridget Mc-
Feeley, a native of Donegal. Ireland, aged
64 years.
Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the mortuary chapel of the Golden Gata
Undertaking Company, 2425 Mission street,
near Twenty-first.
MCCARTHY— In this city, December IT. IS9S,
Annie T.. beloved daughter of Timothy and
' Nellie McCarthy, and niece of Katie, Nellie
and Dennie McCarthy and Mrs. John Sulli-
van, a native of Chelsea, Mass., aged 1 year
and 9 months.
tuTFrlends and "acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the runeral this day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C O'Connor & Co.. T67 Mission street. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. . *
MAXWELL— In Ames, la., December 11, 1898,
J. H., beloved husband of Joanna Maxwell,
and father of Mrs. C. J. Blaisdell, a native
of Eola, 111., aged 61 years.
K7"Friends and acquaintances arerespect-
■ fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from Ma*onic Tem-
ple, corner Post and Montgomery streets.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 11:30
. a. m. train from Third and Townsend streets.
MARVIN— In Seattle, December 16. 189 S. Mar-
Jorle, beloved wife of C. E. Marvin, mother
of Marjorie Marvin, daughter of May and
the late Colin Mclntosh, and sister of Colin
and J. F. Mclntosh and Mrs. A. W. Suther-
land, a native of Australia.
E7"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
McMURDO— In this city. x December 16, IS9B.
Elizabeth A. McMurdo <nee Quigley), beloved
wife of Dr. John R. McMurdo, a native of
Mariposa County, Cal., aged 33 years 5 months
and 2S days.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1718 Geary street, thence to St.
Dominic's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MACDONALD— this city, December 17, 1898.
Margaret, beloved widow of the late John
E. Macdonald. a native- of Launching Place.
Prince -Edward Island, Canada, aced 79
years and 4 months.
ICTThe funeral - will take place this day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1335 Jackson street, thence to St.
Brlgld's Church. Van Ness avenue, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, com-meneinsr at 9:30
a. m. - Interment prfvate, St. Mary's Ceme-
tery. Oakland. Please omit flowers. ' •
MOODY— In this city. December 18, 1898, Ed-
mund Francis, ' youngest son of John and
Teresa .M. Moody, and brother of E. P.
Moody, a native of San Francisco, aged 30
years. • . •■
. (CT Notice of funeral hereafter.. Remains
at the parlors of Carew & English, 41 Van
Ness avenue."
NOLAN— this city. December 18. 1898. at hla
residence, 222 Birch avenue. Martin, be-
loved husband of Bridget Nolan, father of
Mrs. Joseph Rimlinger. Mrs. Joseph Miller,
Mrs. Thomas Glynn and Mrs. Joseph Kelly,
and brother of Maria and the late Patrick
Nolan, a native of Athenry, County Galway,
Ireland, aged 65 years. " •-
C?*Notlce of funeral hereafter.
NEISH— In Ocean View, December 17, IS9B, In-
fant of James and Lizzie Neish, a native
of San Francisco, aged 1 month. :
O'BRIEN— In the City and County Hospital,
December IS, IS9S, John O'Brien, a native or
England, aged 61 years.
ROBERTS— In . Oakland, December 17,. 189S,
Thomas, beloved husband of Bridget Rob-
erts, and father of Thomas F., Delia and
Richard Roberts. Mrs. Frank J. Kennedy
and Mrs. Frank Smith, a dative of ■ Wales,
aged 60 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
■ fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 116S Twenty-second . street, near
Adeline, thence to St. Francis de Sales
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. San Mateo County. "
I 11. R. M.— The members of Manzanlta Trib«
No. 4. I. O. R. M.. are hereby notified to at-
tend the funeral of our deceased brother, T.
C. Roberts, at 8:30 a. m., December 20, IS9B,
from his late residence. 116S Twenty-second
street, Oakland, thence by creek boat to city
to Holy Cross Cemetery.
J. L. GRIFFITH, Chief of Records.
ROBBINS— this city, December 18, 1898, . at
his residence. 20 Roach street, Samuel
L. beloved husband of Josephine Robbins,
I and father of Lottie. Samuel. Louis. Josie
and Albert Robbins, aged 48 years 10 months
and 23 days.
SCHWERIN— this city. December 17, IS9B,
Charles M., beloved husband 1 I the late Marie
Schwerin, and beloved father of Lizzie M.
■Ihd William M. Schwerln, a native of. Ger-
many, aged 62 years and 6 months. A mem-
ber of Harmony Lodge No. 9, A. O. U. \V.;
Fearless Legion No. 2..5. K. of A.; Harmony
Lodge No. 15, K. of P.; Redwood Camp,
Woodmen of the World, and the Teamsters'
Union.
1C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 2324 Folsom street, thence to Alcazar
building. O'Farrell street, where services will
be held under the auspices of Harmony
Lodge No. 9, A. O. U. W.. at 2 o'clock. In-
terment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
A. O. U. W.— Harmony Lodge No. 9, A. O. U.
W —Officers and members will assemble to-
day (Monday), at 2 o'clock, at Alcazar
building, 120 O'Farrell street, to attend the
' funeral of our deceased brother. Charles
Schwerin. JAMES E. SAVAGE, M. W.
D. McSWEENEY, Recorder.
STALDER —In this city, December 17, IS9S,
Joseph, husband of Mary C. Stalder, and
father of Joseph Stalder Jr. and Mrs. E. L.
Cutten. a native of Canton Lucerne, Switz-
■ erland, aged 76 years and 2 months. : .
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 2516 Sacramento street. Please omit
flowers. Interment private.
SAWYER— In this city, December 18, 1898,
- "Susie E., beloved wife of Dr. H. C. Sawyer,
'"a native of California, aged' 3S years 11
months and 7 days.
E7" Services and interment private.
SCANLIN— In this city, December IS. 189S,
Cecelia Martha, beloved daughter of Hugh W.
i and Nellie F. Scanlln. aged 5 months.
! TEGGART— In . this city, December 18, IS9S,
; John Teggart. -aged -49 years.
TRIPP— In this city, December 18, 1898, Stephen,
beloved husband of Katie Trlpp, and . father
of Henry and the late Stephen. Eva and
: Catherine Tripp, a native of Rhode Island,
1 ; aged 60 years. • •
WALSH— In this city, December 17. ISSS. Mar-
• garet, beloved wife of the late John Walsh,
and mother of Anna, Neli, Agnes and the-
late Maggie May Walsh, and sister of Mrs.
j Mary Dunphy, a native of WaterviUe, County
' Kerry. Ir«land.
, (E7"Friends and , acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resl-
dence, Abbotsford House, corner Broadway
'and Larkln street, thence to St. Brlgld's
• Church, Broadway and Van i«ess avenue,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of hpr soul, commencing at 10:10
■ o'clock. Interment Calvary Cemetery. ;■" ,
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
. (Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALrTEBi
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln ociiooi. :
; Telephone South 80. .
I» McAVOY &. Co., * ■
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBaLMER» I
1235 Market st. between Bth and Sta. a
Telephone. South 247. |
910
MRS. BOTKIN'S
TRIAL DRAWS
NEAR ITS END
Attorneys for Both the Prosecu
tion and the Defense Profess
to Be Satisfied.
The Accused Woman Is the Star Boarder
at the Jail, and Has Unusual Privi
leges Unknown to the Sheriff.
Mrs. Cordelia Botkin -will eat her Christ
mas dinner where prison bars cast no dis
turbing shadows if the men who are mak
ing her legal battle can break down the
strong testimony of the. witnesses for the
prosecution, as they claim to be able to
do.
Of those who have already appeared on
the stand, Mrs. Harris, who sold the
handkerchiefs, has given them the most
concern, and they will leave nothing un
done to shake her convincing statements.
They affirm that the records of the City
of Paris disclose no delivery of the hand
kerchiefs and that in addition the sys
tem of securing the addresses of custom
ers is different from that she described.
Mrs. Ruoff, the former nurse and com
panion of Mrs. Botkin, was so severe in
her arraignment of her that it is thought
by the attorneys to have detracted from
the force of her testimony. They claim
also that no one but a writing teacher or
an expert on handwriting would make
vise of the technical terms that flowed so
glibly from her tongue when she identic
fled the exemplars of writing as having
be< i) the work of Mrs. Botkin. According
to their ideas the average person does not
know anything about "muscular recoil,"
"arm and linger movements" and similar
terms applied to handwriting. The prose
cution believes that nothing can shake
Mrs. Ruoffs testimony, much of which
will be given added strength by what
John P. Dunning will disclose as to the re
iations existing at one time between him
self and the woman now on trial for her
life.
Here again the defense finds hope. It
will bend all its energies toward im
poaching Dunning. To that end the at
torneys have subpenaed the managers and
editors of the various papers, and through
them claim they will show that his repu
tation for truth, honesty and integrity is
not good. It is possible that there will
be a fluttering among the dove cotes at
the reporters' tallies, as the men and
wi mci; working there may be asked to
add what knowledge they possess in the
premises to that contributed by the heads
of departments. The attorneys for the
defense profess to anticipate much satis
faction from their cross-examination of
Mi^s LJvernash, a reporter. She obtained,
they affirm, all tho information she pos
9, under a pledge of Becrecy and by
making strange admissions to Mrs. Botkin,
condoning her violation of the laws of
morality. They will lay baje the methods
used by a certain class of reporters in
getting their Btories.
The case is expected to run its course
rapidly this week. This morning the
prosecution will commence to put on the
stand its last witnesses, with possibly
a chance of concluding before the time
for adjournment this afternoon. The
witnesses will include the handwriting ex
perts, Jjunning and Miss Livernash. It
will not require long to present the infor
mation they possess before the jury. The
time will be consumed by the rigid cross
examination, through which the attorneys
f<T Mrs. Botkin will take at least two of
these witnesses. They are fighting for a
human life and in keeping with the trust
reposed in them by their client will light
desperately, not sparing the feelings of
the person sitting in the inquisitorial
chair.
The defense expects to require but a
trifle over two days with its witnesses and
then will come the arguments. It has not
been definitely determined, but it is
thought that Attorney General R. C.
V.'hite of Delaware will make the opening
argument for the prosecution, Mr. Hos
tner closing for the people
For the defense George Knight, Sena
tor Frank McGowan and Attorney Whee
ler will all take part in the argument and
try to create in the minds of the jurymen
that "reasonable doubt," which means to
Mrs. Cordelia Botkin the difference be
tween acquittal and conviction, life and
death. If the case goes on as expeditious
)y as is expected, the question of Mrs.
Botkin's guilt or innocence should be in
the hands of the jury to determine by
Friday or Saturday, if Judge Cook would
hold court on that day. the end of the
trial being in sight. Mrs. Botkin is now
on trial for the murder of Mrs. Dunning
and there will still hang over her the
charge of taking the life of Mrs. Doane
The rapidity with which the trial is
proceeding is duo to the respect the attor
neys on both sides have for the ability
fund fairness of Judge Carroll Cook. There
have been no arguments on either side re
tarding decisionH on questions of law
with a vacillating Judso the clever men
who represent Mrs. Botkin would try to
bring him over to their side on all ques
tions raised. There is no hesitation on the
tort r,f Judge Cook, hence no arguments.
Mr has presided over the proceedings with
nignlty befitting the trial cf a woman ft»r
her lif.-. throwing a certain solemnity over
the rase frnni the start.
Mrs. Botkin is the star boarder at the
Branch County Jail, out near Ingleside
She has won the favor of Dan Boyle' the
latter in charge, and has in consequence
Ihe run of the house. She has a cell t6
norsoir ami has adorned it with articles . f
her own that tako from it the prison look
\\ nen she first went tliore she askfd
Sheriff Whelan for a separate room on the
tipper Moor of the jail, but this was de
nied.
The Sheriff received his first intimation
ps to Mrs. Botkin s illness Saturday from
He Call, yesterday. He was angry t ha"
po important a prisoner should he so ill
bs to require the attention of a physlcan.
Beautiful
Bohemian Chinaware
Pink Tinted, bordered with
icalloped gold edge, newest
shapes
Bread and Butter and
Dessert Plates, Fruit
Saucers, Salad Bowls, Tea
Cups, Salad Sets, Dainty
decorations
Reasonable prices
Greal n Import'gTea Co,
BO 1 Market, «». Ptwtll 705 Lorkin St.
140 Sixth St. 1419 Polk St.
218 IhirJ-t. 181 ft Dcvlsadero St.
506 l earny St. 2008 FlHmore St.
146 Mnth St. S2l Montgomery Ay.
2510 .Missi St. 1190 Kentucky St.
8006 Sixteenth St. 3285 Mission St.
855 liayes St. 52 Market St.
OAKLAND STORES:
1053iVashtnztonM. ISI San Pablo Are.
17 Broadway. 616 E Twelfth St.
1510 Seventh St. .' r
ALAMEDA-1355 Park St.
SAN RAFAEL— B St., m«*r Fourth.
Write for Cataloftu*
and that his subordinates should not have
notified him. He was also surprised to
learn that, contrary to prison regulations,
Mrs. Botkin was permitted to use the
prison telephone. She has been in the
habit of entering the- room where the tele-
phone is located, and intimating that she
desired to carry on a private conversa
tion. The guards take the hint, quit the
room and leave her alone. Mm. Rotkin is
on the same footing as other prisoners,
according to Sheriff Whelan, and she has
received no special favors by any orders
from him. The employes at the jail will
l>e afforded an opportunity during .he day
to explain away some of these allegations
against them.
Mrs Botkin hau so far recovered from
her illness yesterday that it was said she
would be able to face her accusers .n
court this morning. She is taken to and
from court each day in an open wagon,
and keenly enjoys the drive and the fresh
air. ,_ _^
SEEKS POLICE PROTECTION.
W. B. Harrington, a Botkin Juror,
Shadowed by Unknown Men.
Willard B. Harrington, one of the jurors
just now sitting to decide for the life or
death of Mrs. Cordelia Botkin and presi
dent of the Merchants' Club, has applied
to Chief Lees for police protection against
three men who have since last Wednesday
night dogged his -ootsteps to his Sacra
mento street home and who have several
time approached him in a menacing atti
tude. He fears .that they in .end some at
tempt upon his life or upon his safety at
least, and his request to the Chief is for
protection against some such act.
Mr. Harrington could furnish • to the
police nothing more than a good general
description of the men who have so per
sistently followed him. Their names he
does not know, though he is of the opin
ion that one of them he has seen before;
where, ho cannot remember. Nor can he
account for any reason why h* should be
followed or why he has been several times
so openly menaced by them.
His application for police protection was
made in Judge Carroll Cook's court room
on Thursday afternoon of last w-eek,
shortly after the Botkin case had been
continued for the day and the rest of the
lurors had Bled out to their homes. Mr.
Harrington remained behind and through
• 'lerk Tulle sent word to Chief Lees that
he had something to say to him. Judge
Cooks injunctions to the jury had been
so Imperative against communication
with outsiders that Chief Lees hesitated
at granting the request ana called Judge
Cook to ask his permission. Judge Cook
Bald that he thought it would be perfectly
proper but advised him that any.conver
sation should be held in the court room in
the presence of the few w..0 remained,
i bat no suspicions might attach to the
proceeding. Upon this Mr. Harrington
explained the circumstances of the case
and gave his reasons for asking police
P He e said n that on the previous night after
c 1. -ft tin- jury room he had tnkon the
i'ar for his home at 1118 Sacramento
street but was obliged to turn aside at
an alley through'which it is his custom
to pass by a man who stood in the en
trance and menacingly blocked his way.
He apprehended no harm at first, but
alter he had made his way a hundred feet
or so down the lane he looked around
and found that he was being followed by
the person who had first stopped him,
and that a companion of equally unpre
possessing appearance had joined him.
They followed closely at his heels until
he emerged on Sacramento street, where
be found another of the gang almost at
the door of his house. The fellow moved
away slowly as Mr. Harrington ap
proached, but subjected him to a close
scrutiny. After he entered the house the
three men joined forces and after loiter
ing about the neighborhood for some time
longer went away down the street.
Mr. Harrington described their appear
ance and his experience to his wife, and
she told him she had noticed the same
men loitering in the vicinity during the
day and had been made nervous by the
way in which they eyed the house. Mr.
Harrington's experience lias been repeat
ed several times since, and though as
yet no open threat has been made against
him he says he does not care to take the
chance of a blow or so from a sand bag,
and has again appealed to the police.
The department is at a loss to account
for the peculiar persecution of one of the
jurors on an important case. Coming
with the well founded reports that the
Jury has been expressing itself rather
more freely of its opinions on the case
than Judge Cook's Injunctions allow, the
police are inclined to put two and two
together, and Mr. Harrington's case with
the others will be thoroughly investigat
ed. In its Investigation the police are
hampered by the prohibition against
speaking with the jurymen, but are pur
suing it along other lines, and some sen
sational and tangible results are looked
for.
Postage on the Holiday Edition of
The Call is: Domestic, 3 cents; For
eign, 6 cents.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1893.
HILDERBRAND'S
SLAYER STARTS
FOR TENNESSEE
Rosser Goes to Meet
His Mother.
FATHER ACCOMPANIES HIM
MOCKERY OF JUSTICE AS METED
OUT IN SAN FRANCISCO.
Family of the Murdered Man Declare
the Verdict Is a Disgrace — Sis
ter Tells of Peculiar
Methods.
Walter Rosser, the Tennessee volunteer
whose acquittal of the murder of Henry
Hilderbrand by a jury of San Francisco
citizens of presumed intelligent is de
nounced on all sides as the most disgrace
ful miscarriage of justice in the history
of the city, departed for his home Satur
day ' afternoon, accompanied by his
father, W. Rosser, who came here to save
his son from the hangman's noose or a
felon's cell. They go to rejoin the wait
ing wife and mother whose unfamiliarity
with the manner of treating murderers in
California has doubtless caused her many
sleepless nights and endless worry, for
fear her boy might be compelled to pay
the penalty of his coldblooded crime on
the gallows.
In a modest flat at 535 Turk street the
young widow of the murdered man
mingles her tears with those of his aged
mother. The other immediate relatives of
the victim of Rosser's bullet, his father,
Bister and two brothers, have momentarily
forgotten their grief in his untimely death
in their righteous" indignation at the pre-
WIDOW, MOTHER, SISTER—
Th>ree of t\)Z Mourners for
Charles Hilderbrand.
posterous verdict that allowed his slayer
to go scott free. They did not demand the
life of their brother's slayer, but they did
ask for justice, and they regard the an
swer to their prayers as a mockery— a
sarcastic echo which seems to deride the
supposition that there is any such thing
as justice in the metropolis of the Pacific
Coast.
If the story of Miss Lilly Hilderbrand is
to be believed, and her veracity has never
been questioned, there are many peculiar
things in connection with the trial of
Rosser that need explaining- Her con
clusions may be biased, It is true, but the
facts from which they are drawn reflect
no credit on those whose sworn duty it
is to Bee thiit strict justice is done to all.
Miss Hildorbrand thought. she had a right
to demand that the slayer of her brother
should be punished. She so informed As
sistant District Attorney Hinkle, who had
charge of the case, whtn sup went to him
to ask that he subpena certain witnesses
whose testimony might have penetrated
the understanding of even a jury of the
mental caliber possessed by the twelve
men sitting in judgment on the evidence.
She was given to understand that her
sim^t-stions were regarded as interference
and was plainly told that District Attor
ney Barnes' deputy did not propose to
ask for a continuance to enable him to
secure new witnesses, for fear the trial
might go over until the new year, and he
wanted the "honor" of trying it himself
before he went out of office.
"He would not allow our attorney to
assist in the prosecution or have anything
to do with the case," said Miss Hilder
brand last evening. "I wanted him to
summon witnesses to prove that Rosser
had been released from the guardhouse on
the morning of the shooting, after a
month's confinement there for offenses
against military discipline; also to prove
that he had tried to shoot a private in
the Tennessee regiment before the regi
ment came to California, and that he was
of a quarrelsome disposition. Mr. Hinkle
said he could not do that, as he was not
allowed to introduce testimony an to the
prisoner's character on special occasions
as that would be no proof of his natural
disposition. The fact, in my opinion, is
that Hinkle was acting under instructions
from District Attorney Barnes, whose
rather, General Barnes, was attorney for
Rosser I told Mr. Hinkle that it w-as a
case of father and son standing together
ami I am more than ever convinced that
I was right in my surmise.
Ji BB v*u * c^ cn T with the evidence that was
Introduced I cannot see how the Jury
could return such a verdict. It was shown
that Rosser shot my brother deliberately
without provocation, and without giving
him a chance to defend himself. There
was no evidence to show that he was
drugged; lie was simply drunk and had
been walking up and down in the market
swearing and using vile language for
some time before he killed my brother "
"He had murder In his heart that day "
interrupted old Mrs. Hilderbrand sadly
"and if he had not killed my poor boy he
would have killed somebody else."
Yesterday was the third anniversary of
Henry Hilderbrand's wedding and a sad
anniversary it was for the young widow
scarcely more than a girl in years. The
6-year-old mite, Marie, whom the young
couple had adopted, has been taken into
the family of the elder Hilderbrand and
the widow is also with them at present.
Her husband had made no provision for
her in the way of insurance, as he was
hoarding his earnings with the expecta
tion of going into business next year on
a small scale. It has been reported that
a collection amounting to $2500 had been
subscribed for the widow, but the report
was unfounded, as was the report that
the family of the murdered man had con
sented not to prosecute the case against
Rosser In consideration of the payment of
LED FOR THE JAW AND LOST
Captain Rottanzi Mixes It With Andy Law
rence and Changes Hats.
ANDY LAWRENCE, whose proud boast it is that he has risen (or fallen)
from "peanut butcher" to managing editor of the Examiner, has felt
the fist of Captain Rottanzi nestling up against his jaw, and now Andy
is boasting of his great victory over the doughty warrior. It was rank
foolishness on the part of the captain to attempt to make any impression
on Lawrence's jaw. Had he shot for any other portion of his adversary's
anatomy he might have accomplished his laudable intention of inflicting
some punishment, but to shoot a fist not encased in a boxing glove against
such a jaw could only result one way— the fist suffered.
The encounter took place in the Orpheum annex last night, and was all
too short to satisfy the spectators. Captain Rottanzi was standing at the bar
with George Fuller Golden when Lawrence entered the place with Police
Lieutenant Fred Esola. Rottanzi saw the editor come in and made for him,
at the same time shouting:
"I've been looking for you, and now you must settle with me for your vil
lainous attacks on me."
With that he cut loose his right, landed on Andy's jaw, but only succeeded
in putting his own hand out of business. Lawrence closed in and the two
tumbled about the floor until Esola and others pulled them apart.
Then Lawrence took a mean advantage of the warrior. While both were
tightly held at a safe distance apart he set his jaw to work as only the Law
rence jaw cart get busy.
"You're a thief," shouted Lawrence, "and a disgrace to your father. I'll
roast you in my paper harder than you've ever been roasted yet."
Lawrence paused a moment to get a fresh start, and at that instant saw
his hat lying on the floor. Rottanzi also discovered his battered headgear
kicking about at the same time, and both grabbed simultaneously for their
tiles. Now, it happens that both heads are of the same caliber, and the hats
having a striking resemblance, owing to their rough treatment among the
echoing war whoops, neither combatant noticed that he had possessed him
self of the other's property, but clapping the wreck upon his crown each man
permitted himself to be led away.
To-day there will be an exchange, not of challenges, but of tiles.
the sum of $5000. That sum may have been
spent to secure tho remarkable verdict,
but no member of the family of the de
ceased received any portion of the blood
money. Instead of being a poor man, W.
Rosser, the father of Hilderbrand's slayer,
is said to be worth $150,000, or was before
the trial.
Henry Hilderbrand had been the em
ploye of A. W. Fink for eight years and a
brother, Edward, is also employed by
that firm. George, another brother, is
employed by Thomas Day. The sister,
Miss Lilly Hilderbrand, a handsome
young woman of 23, lives at home with
her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Conrad Hilder
brand, 535 Turk street.
NO WAR.
Only Making Friends.
Come with your children to Levin Bros.,
the leading cash grocers, and Santa Claus
will present them 'with candy and pres
ents. In addition to this they offer to
their patrons Monday and Tuesday good
creamery' butter, squares, at 35 cents; best
Adriatic figs (equal to the Smyrna), in
boxes of five pounds, at 40 cents, usually
sold at 75 cents; choice port and sherry
wine at 25 cents a bottle; the best quality
of table fruits in assorted ' varieties at
$1 75 dozen. Full lines of Christmas sup
plies and ornaments. 1348 to 1354 Market
street; 'phone S. 292. *
Stole Camera and Lense.
J. J. Dealey, a dealetr in artists' ma
terials at 503 McAllister street, reported
to the police last night that on Thursday
evening a thief cracked his show window
and extracted a camera and a pair of
lense valued at $25. The robbery was com
mitted with a brick tied in a handker
chief, which the thief, in his hurry to es
cape with his plunder, left behind. The
police are searching for him, as numerous
complaints of similar robberies have been
reported.
■ ♦ ■
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKY is
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because it ia pure.
HER REMAINING YEARS
NOT WORTH THE LIVING
Rosina Klaiber, an Aged Woman, Ends Her Life by
Hanging Herself in a Toilet at Golden
Gate Park*
Rosina Klaiber, 60 years of age, reached the conclusion that the few years of
life remaining were not worth the living and some time Saturday night com
mitted suicide by hanging herself in a ladies' toilet at Golden Gate Park.
While making his rounds of the various buildings in the Park yesterday
morning Park Policeman John O'Shea found the body of a woman hanging from
the door of the ladies 1 lavatory near the peacock paddock. The body was rigid
and cold, death having evidently occurred several hours before the discovery.
A piece of strong woolen skirt braid was tied around some ornamental work
above the door and the other end made fast about the woman's neck. Her *eet
were so close to the ground that by standing on her tiptoes the unfortunate wo
man could have saved herself from strangulation.
The Coroner's office was notified and Deputy Coroner Tyrrell and Messenger
Tom Smith went to the Park and removed the body to the Morgue, where an ex
amination was made of the clothing and effects, in the hope of ' identification.
The woman was fairly well dressed and wore three gold and two silver rings!
Engraved on the inside of one was the name "Eugene." and on a gold cuff-but
ton were the initials "W. O. J." Further than this there was nothing to tell who-,
the woman was.
The body remained unidentified all day. Several persons visited the Morgue
and viewed the remains, but were unable to identify them. Late last night Mrs
Emma Wantel. proprietress of the Crystal Palace lodging house, at 533 Broadway
was taken to the Morgue by a friend, and when she viewed the body she identi
fied it as that of a woman who roomed at her house. Mrs. Wantel has only been
keeping the house a few days and could not give the name of the dead woman
The former owner was Mrs. Jean Meier, who resides at 537 rowell street. When"
the place changed hands the dead woman owed two months' rent for the room
she occupied and the bill was turned over to Mrs. Wantel for collection.
Saturday morning the woman, who had been afflicted with rheumatism for
some time, left the house about 9 o'clock. She told Mrs. Wantel that she would
return sodn and pay her the money she owed. That was the last seen of her in
the house.
A man who refused to give his name called at the Crystal P*alace about 7
o'clock last evening and wished to remove the trunks of Rosina Klaiber Mrs
at that time did not know that her lodger was dead and the man did not
say anything of the woman's death. The lodging-house keeper refused to let the
man take the trunks. She asked him why he wanted them, and he replied that
it was at the request of another man whose name he refused to give
Deputy Coroner Hallett took possession of the woman's trunks last night and
among the papers found was a fire insurance policy on some property in Ger
many which is owned by the woman. From this the name was learned
Mr. Meier, the husband of the former landlady of the Crystal Paiace says
the woman returned from a visit to Germany about five months ago and took a
room at the lodging house. She seemed to have a number of friends anad until
two months ago paid her rent regularly. For the past week she seemed despond
ent, bo her friends say, and it is thought that lack of money caused her to de
stroy herself.
THE SCHOOLS
PROMISE MORE
SENSATIONS
Charges Made Against
a Principal.
A RIVAL OF MAJOR MOORE
SILAS WHITE OF THE SPRING
VALLEY THE ACCUSED.
One of His Handsome Teachers Says
He Persecuted Her With Unwel
come Attentions — Will Be
Called Upon to Resign.
Another noisome scandal is about to
break loose in the Schpol Department, and
if charges that have been made in the
last week to individual Directors prove
true Silas White, the venerable principal
of the Spring Valley School, will be called
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HOLIDAY GOODS!
The attention of our customers is
respectfully directed to the follow-
ing New Lines of HOLIDAY GOODS,
suitable for CHRISTMAS GIFTS.
Ladies' Initialed Handkerchiefs, Gents' Silk Umbrellas,
Ladies' Novelty Neckwear, Gents' Kid Gloves,
Ladies' Em'b'd Handkerchiefs, Gents' Fancy Neckwear,
Ladies' Feather Scarfs, Gents' Silk Reefers,
Ladies' Kid Gloves, Gents' Silk Underwear,
Ladies' Silk Ties, Gents' Merino Hose,
Ladies' Silk Umbrellas, Gents' Initialed Handkerchiefs,
Ladies' Silk Skirts, Gents' Wool Underwear,
Ladies' Fancy Aprons, Gents' Silk Handkerchiefs,
Ladies' Fine Underwear, Gents' Dress Shirts,
Ladies' Silk Waists, Gents' Cambric Handkerchiefs,
Ladies' Moreen Skirts. Gents' Wool Underwear. .
We have also a splendid assortment of
Fine SILK-COVERED PILLOWS, Fine WHITE
BLANKETS, SILK and SATIN COVERED DOWN
COMFORTERS, KNIT SHAWLS, LACE SCARFS,
BUREAU SETS and LACE BED SETS.
STORE OPEN EVENINGS UNTIL
CHRISTMAS.
HI, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
upon to resign before the present board
quits office.
A young lady teacher under White s
supervision has brought charges against
him that place him in the same class that
the over-gallant Major Moore of the
Treasury Department has been placed by
the allegations of his blonde and hand
some typewriter.
The first hint of scandal at the Spring
Valley institution did not come to the
ears of the Directors until the first of the
present month, when one of the teachers
■who had got leave of absence. on Novem
ber 1 because of nervous prostration ap
plied for an extension of thirty days. It
was known that she was well enough to
teach, and an investigation immedi
ately set on foot. Nothing was developed
until a week ago, when through Director
Carew she applied to the chairman of
the proper committee for a transfer to
some other school. As she gave no reason
for her request the Directors were in
clined not to grant it. and Mr. Carew
was forced to explain the whole case.
According to the charges made to him
by the teacher, the last several months
that she was employed under White he
made her life a misery by his persistent
attentions. Upon every pretext and upon
every possible occasion, she said, he
would call her into his office for no other
purpose whatever than to lavish smiles
and bestow more than fatherly atten
tions. As time progressed his attentions
and intentions became more marked. Hia
victim had declined to longer heed his
calls to his office, so she said he sought
her out in her classroom during the re
cess and after school had been dismissed.
Under the strain of his persecution her
health began to fall, and finally she col
lapsed and was confined to her home for
a month with nervous prostration. At
the end of the month she made the re
quest for an extension that resulted In
the discovery of the state of affairs.
Every effort will be made before the
present board gives way to its successors
to find a vacancy for her in some other
school, where her brunette beauty will not
tempt to her undoing.
Her personal friends among the Direc
tors intend to bring the matter formally
before the board in a few days and will
demand White's resignation as the price
of his conduct.
The accused principal is one of the
fancy salaried employes of the depart
ment. With the $175 per month that he
has been the recipient of he has built
himself up an independent income, and is
beyond the need of his monthly stipend.
He is a man of large family, and is as
well known as any one in the department.
He has as yet been given no opportunity
by the Directors to say what he may
have in defense of himself or to deny the
allegations that have been made against
him. The members of the board who
have heard of his alleged transgressions,
however, are convinced of their truth, as
the young lady who makes them is of
excellent character and good family, and
with the influence that is at her com
mand the investigation that has started
will not flag.
AT THE PABK AND CLIFF.
Owing to the Cold Weather the
Crowds Were Unusually Small.
The crowds at the park and cliff yester
day were the smallest of the year. Al
though the sun shone during the greater
part of the day, the air was biting cold
and the majority of people chose to spend
Sunday by their firesides. No accidents
occurred to dull the little enjoyment there
was to be had, and in consequence the
police and hospital attendants were con
tented.
A large crowd gathered at the Chutes
to witness Emil Markeberg, "the hero of
the burning balloon," make an ascension.
Ihe balloon was cut away just at 5
o'clock and with the daring aeronaut
turning in the trapeze, sped two thousand
feet toward the clouds. There was not
a breath of wind blowing at that time and
Markeberg landed just outside the
grounds with his parachute, while the
balloon fell on top of the shooting gal
lery in the Chutes grounds.
A good-sized crowd of pleasure-seekers
also visited Sutro's Baths. The aquatic
contests were entertaining, if not exciting.
Following are the results: Fifty-yard
novice, H. Anderson first, D. O'Hare sec
ond; fifty-yard juvenile, D. Harris first, C.
Strohlin second; fifty-yard amateur, H.
Seebach first, B. Deyfuss second; 100-yard
juvenile, F. Durand first, H. Seebach sec
ond; trick and fancy diving, F. Geriod
first, H. Seebach second; trapeze diving,
R. V. Cornell first, F. Baymous second.
Open evenings
GOLDBERG
BQWEN
* CO.
No special
sale this week
— too busy.
Want to deliv-
er your goods
promptly.
Come early
The best customers are
sometimes disappointed be-
cause they do not order early
enough.
Come early
mammoth olives mixed nuti
sweet sauterne sweet cider
boiled cider cooking brandy
plum puddings table raisins
cooking raisins citron, currants
lemon, orange spices, extracts
Candy all this week
35c Ib.
sells elsewhere at fifty cents.
YOU NEVER SAW SUCH
BEAUTIFUL
OPERA-GLASSES
as we have just
received!
Opticians kop a a k gency .
642 Market St.
chronicle building-
WE EMPLOY NO AGENTS
Munyon'sHeadache and Indigestion Cure
Is the only remedy on the market that
will cure every form of Headache in 3
to 10 minutes, correct Indigestion, stim-
ulate the nerves and build up the sys-
tem. It should be in every home and
every traveler's gripsack. At all Drug-
gists. 25 cures 25c.
Radway's
Pills
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Cans*
perfect digestion, completa absorption and
healthful regularity.
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach.
Liver, Bowels, Kidneys, Bladder, Femali|j>
regularities, Sick Headache, Biliousness, Con-
stipation, Piles and all derangements of th«
Internal Viscera. 26 cts. a box. At Drusrgiata.
Lor tar malt RADWAY ft CO.. New Tart