VOLUME LXXXV.- NO. 8.
MORGAN ASSAILS
THE NICARAGUAN
GOVERNMENT
Says It Violated Pledges in Let
ting a Canal praQcJjise to
Speculators.
Senate Committee Subnets a Report Upholding
tbe Maritime Company's
Rights.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 7.— As a
result of the meeting of the
Senate Committee on the Ni
caraguan canal to-day. Sena
tor Morgan gave notice of an
amendment of the Nicaragua canal
bill, authorizing the immediate is
suance, with a guarantee by this
Government, of $5,000,000 worth of
bonds for the redemption of all
obligations. He submitted at the same
time a report upon the situation with
reference to the canal, dealing exclu
sively with the fact that the Govern
ment of Nicaragua granted a conces
sion to construct a canal to a company
other than the M - itime Canal Com
pany.
Senator Morgan denounced this trans
action in severe terms, upholding the
rights of the Maritime Company for the
present and for an extension of its con
e. .^sion for ten years more. The report
arraigns the conduct of the republic of
Nicaragua as well as that of the
American citizens procuring the new
concession in most severe terms, at
tributing the course of Nicaragua to
jealousy of Costa Rica, and that of the
concessionaires to "obstruct a great na
tional policy in seiling out to a trans
continental railroad company for the
defeat of a supposed competitor."
"It would be well for the reputation of
KINGSTON TO BE MADE
A WESTERN GIBRALTAR
England Planning to Create a Great Naval Base
Near the Proposed Nicaraguan
Canal.
KINGSTON, JAMAICA, VIEWED FROM THE HARBOR.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, Dec. 7.— As part
of the scheme to convert Kingston
harbor into a great naval depot and
extensive dockyard, and in view of the con
struction of the Nicaraguan Canal in the
near future, the Admiralty authorities
have just completed negotiations for the
purchase of Greek Pond, at the western ex
treme of the city, where the proposed dock
yard will be constructed. It is said that the
work will be commenced immediately. The
The San Francisco Call
those concerned." he says, "In thus dis
honoring governments for their per
sonal advantage and using their powers
to create jealousies between States, if
it should appear that their conduct is
not also corrupt."
The committee adduces aa a justifica
tion of the new report the seriousness
of the situation, saying on this point:
"The serious consequences likely to
result to the United State? from the un
precedented and. unwarranted action of
the late Government of Nicaragua, and
the evident purpose to force our Gov
ernment into payment of a large sum
as compensation for the future consent
of the republic of the United States of
Central America to the creation of a
maritime canal through the San Juan
River and Lak Nicaragua, require the
committee to present the grounds on
which it insists that this proceeding is
without any support in law, justice of
equity and that It violates the hitherto
cordial relations of the United States
with Nicaragua."
The report t -.kes issue with the con
tention of Nicaragua that th country
owns both banks of the San Juan River,
calling attention to the fact at Costa
Rica has equal rights, since f « arbitra
tion of President Cleveland, as the
owner of one bank of the stream. At
tention is called to the fact that In
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1898.
making the concession of right of way
granted by Nicaragua, no mention was
made of Nicaragua's claim, rendering
It incumbent upon Nicaragua to put
the canal company into possession of
the channel of the river.
"Here," the committee Bays, "was a
breach of the agreement for which the
canal company had paid $150,000 and
that entitled th*> company to the return
of the money and to other damages.
It also imposed on the United States the
duty of compelling the redress due them
if redress had been sought."
It i«* asserted V t in view of the fact
that Nicaragua had made the conces
sion it was her duty to obtain a conces
sion from the Costa Rica Government
when the claims of that country are
established, but instead of that it is
pointed out that Nicaragua made a
formal threat to renounce its concession
if any concession were obtained from
Costa Rica.
"Thus," the committee concludes, "by
conduct equivalent to mal force, Nica
ragua prevented progress in the work
on the canal and put a cloud upon the
credit of the company of execution that
could not be otherwise than disastrous."
The committee contends that the cir
cumstances of the concession point to
the fact tht the concession provides for
a charter to be granted to the United
States.
"In this attitude," the committee con
tinues, "the dutl s and responsibilities
of Nicaragua are very high if they do
not even rise to the dignity of solemn
pledges and consequent and sovereign
responsibilities, to the United States,
whose intervention is sought In the
chartering of the corporation."
It is then Bet forth that Costa Rica's
Interests in the canal are aa great as
those of Nicaragua, "and It follows that
the action of both republics is essential
to the assertion of the right of either
to claim a forfeiture of the concession.
If Nicaragua claims that the conces
sion it has granted is forfeited, Costa
Rica has the equal right to assert that
It is not forfeited."
It is then sts t forth that the United
States is a party to the measure of
building the canr' at the instance of
both Costa Rica and Nicaragua, and it
is claimed that the consent of this
country is necessary to any proceeding
on the part of Costa Rica looking to
the forfeiture of the concession.
"Nicaragua," the committee asserts,
"cannot repeal an act of Congress
which dedicates the canal and its con
Continued on Third Page.
dockyard, it is said, is to be the largest and
best equipped in the British dominions.
A naval authority who has been inter
viewed on the subject says the intention is
to make Jamaica another "Gibraltar to
command the canal and be a rallying point
for the naval and military forces of the
Anglo-American alliance, when, by domi
nating both oceans, it holds the political
and commercial balances of power in the
hollow of its hand."
HENRY T. GAGE
SCORES GRANT
OF SAN DIEGO
Plain Talk by the Gov
ernor-Elect.
ACCUSATION OF TREACHERY
BELIEVES THE STATE TICKET
WAS "KNIFED."
Senatorial Aspirant or His Intimate
Friends Traded Votes at the
Expense of Their
Party.
Spectat Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 7. — Governor
Gage believes Ulysses S. Grant be
trayed the State ticket during: the re
cent campaign. Judging from the re
marks the Governor made to-day Mr.
Grant will find in Mr. Gage a foe who
does not know the meaning of the
word "compromise."
"L am not friendly to Grant." said
Mr. Gage to-day, "for I believe that he
or some of his intimate friends in San
Diego County acted the part of traitor
to the State ticket during the recent
campaign. A few days ago Mr. Grant
met me at the Palace Hotel and asked
me to state my position. I told him
that considering what had taken place
in San Diego County I did not think I
was under any obligation to him. If
Mr. Grant had reflected for one moment
he would not have interviewed me.
"I did not object to the editorial that
he published last summer in the Wave.
The editorial denounced me. but as It
was published before the State con
vention, its publication was to a cer
tain extent excusable. For the same
reason I did not object to the postal
card campaign that Mr. Grant con
ducted~throughout Southern California
After the convention, however, I ex
pected loyalty for the whole State
ticket.
"As far as the Senatorship is con
cerned, I am equally friendly to M. H.
de Young, John D. Spreckels, Dan
Burns, General Barnes, George Knight
and Mr. Bulla.
"The Governor does not appoint the
Senator, and I have troubles enough of
my own without seeking those that do
not concern me. I wish to say. how
ever, that I shall be unalterably op
posed to any candidate who is not jpen
ly and above board in favor of San
Pedro harbor. Every candidate will
have to proclaim himself in advance."
Although Governor Gage absolutely
refuses to say whether he leans to any
one of the foregoing candidates, some
of the best posted politicians in the
south say he is not averse to the can
didacy of Bulla. In the fight for the
gubernatorial nomination Bulla was
originally a rival of Gage. When Gage
won, however, Bulla took off his coat
and worked for the success of the Re
publican ticket. Gage is not unmind
ful of the generosity of his rival.
The Governor will leave Los Angeles
on Friday for a trip to his mine at Ac
ton. When he returns he will turn his
law business over to George Dennis,
formerly United States District Attor
ney. The Governor will then go north,
and until Christmas will divide his time
between San Francisco and Sacra
mento. He has not yet selected a resi
dence, and has not even thought of his
Inaugural address.
As far as patronage is concerned. Mr.
Gage has made only two selections—
his private secretary and the executive
secretary. It Is understood that the
Governor will appoint Colonel Stone
adjutant general. As soon as he takes
office he will name a secretary to the
Board of Examiners. He has not yet
selected a man for the position.
A well-known actor who died Tuesday and
was quietly buried yesterday, and the
woman who was both wife and pupil.
ENGLAND WILL BE
ASKED TO CO-OPERATE
LONDON, Dec. B.— The Washington
correspondent of the Daily Chronicle
says: "I have ascertained from the
highest source that President McKinlcy
has no thought of ignoring or violating
British rights under the Clayton-Bul
wer treaty. On the contrary, when the
proper time arrives, England will be
invited to co-operate regarding the
Nicaraguan canal."
The Washington correspondent of the
Times mokes a similar statement.
The Daily Chronicle says, editorially:
"The assurance given by our Washing
ton correspondent cannot but cause
great satisfaction here. Yet there prob
ably will be some division of opinion in
England on the question of making the
canal with public money. There is no
reason why the work should not be
done by private enterprise under a gov
ernmental guarantee by both nations.
Our interest In the matter Is only that
the canal should be free, neutral and
open to all the world on equal terms."
The Madrid correspondent of the
Standard, who contrasts the indiffer
ence of the majority of Spaniards to
the President's message with the same
anxiety regarding his declarations fore
shadowing war, says:
"The press does not hide its satisfac
tion at the indications in the message
and elsewhere that American colonizing
will be fraught with difficulties and ex
penditures. The prediction is mude
that the Nicaraguan canal will lead to
troutfe between the United States and
Europe."
LIFE'S CURTAIN
RUNG DOWN ON
HEREWARD HOYTE
The Idol of Matinee Girls of Two
Continents Passes Away
in This City.
Widely Known Owing to His Marriage With Mrs.
Lucy Williams-Auzerais Three Years Ago
and His Meteoric Career Since.
Hereward Hoyte, the actor, Is dead.
With the name Lucy, that of his wife,
on his lips the man who in *'■» day was
the idol of the theater-goers of two con
tinents simply fell into the sleep which
knows no awakening in this world. The
curtain was rung down on a life that
had not entered upon its most serious
duties. The end was hastened by the
attempt of the brilliant young actor to
burn the candle at both ends.
Hoyte's career during the past three
years has been meteoric, not to say
tempestuous. Born in Australia thirty
five years ago, he first came to this
country in 1890 and at once assumed a
prominent place on the American stage,
playing leading Juvenile comedian roles
with Rose Coghlan and other stars. J
After appearing in all the big cities he
returned to the Colonies. He was a man
of splendid presence and with his nat
ural ability it was predicted that he
had a brilliant future before him. After
a fhort stay in Australia he again re
turned to this city, where he soon met
Lucy Williams-Auzerais. a woman of
great beauty and independent means.
She had both talent of a kind. and an
Inclination for the stage and the fates
sent them across each other's path,
whether for good or for evil let no un
kindly one say.
In a lttle vine-covered cottage on Oc
tavla street a brown-eyed, brown
haired widow mourns for the dead actor
whose passing away ends the one ro
mance of her ilte. The sorrow shown
by Mrs. Hoyte is too deep and too
poignant to be affected for the moment.
Dressed in somber black and with a
black bordered handkerchief to stem
the tide of tears that will not dry she
is a pathetic little figure of distress.
"He died with my name on his lips.
Oh, he was so good and so kind to me.
It seems hard for one like him to die.
He was only 35 and such a splendid
man. He was as big-hearted and kind
ly as any one could be and I idolized
him."
Her mood changed as her thoughts
reverted to his plans. "We were going
to act again and the future seemed so
bright for us. He had planned it all,
and now to think he is gone from me.
It was not my wish that the funeral
should be so quiet, but my friends
thought It best. He waa so well known
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
to all theatrical people that I felt In
my heart they should be allowed to
pay him some tribute.
"You won't speak harshly of a dead
man," she pleaded between sobs.
"Newspaper men have a wa^ of saying
sharp things, but there was so much
of goodness in my husband's life that
you can mention without seeking un
pleasant things that are not all truth.
He was always kind to me and I feel
alone In the world without him. The
end came all so suddenly that It is
hard for me to realize it. He should
have lived to a good old age, as hla
mother is 78 and his father died at; 82.
"He grew so stout recently that I
feared for his health. While In London
he had liver troubles from drinking,
perhaps a little too much, and his
physician denied him all strong drink.
He had cirrhosis of the liver. He did
not die of this, but of pulmonary con
gestion.
"I have hardly left his bedside for a
moment during the past fortnight.
Monday night he seemed to be improv
ing and was quite cheerful. After a
time he asked me for a drink of water
and repeated my name several times.
Finally he looked at me and, saying
'Lucy,', softly dropped off to sleep.
He did not awaken.
"My boy, who was devotedly attached,
to him, has not been told the news of his
stepfather's death. He is attending Dr.
Spalding's school and will be told so
that it will not shock him. He is such
a manly, honest-faced boy, and he
thought so much of poor Harry! Here
is his photograph. Isn't he a boy of
whom any mother could be proud?"
Tears, the solace of the afflicted in all
lands, then came to the relief of the
bereaved widow.
Out in St. Luke's Hospital an aged
woman whose once active brain has
been dulled by the years that have
passed over her head calls piteously for
her boy. This is Mrs. McDonald, moth
er of Hereward Hoyte McDonald, who
was buried yesterday in Masonic Ceme
tery. Mrs. McDonald's condition is so
I serious that her physician dreads the
j result when she is told her youngest
j son, always her pride, is dead. He
I brought her proudly from Australia
and installed her in his home here.
j There came a time when she required
\ the continuous attention of trained
nurses and then her son and his wife
! provided for her at St. Luke's, where
| all that modern science can do for her
lis applied to lessening her sufferings
I for the short time left her on earth.
The romance which was ended by
death on Tuesday had its origin some
three years since. Mrs. Auzerais had
just divorced her husband, whom she
found caused too heavy a drain upon
j even her splendid income. The craving
j for the stage was strong within her at
i the time, and she placed herself under
; Mr. Hoyte's tuition preparatory tomak
i ing her debut as an amateur. This
event, which was one of the great func
tions of 1895, was a most impressive
affair at the Palace Hotel. Admission
was by invitation, and the maple room
never held a more brilliant gathering.
Mrs. Auzerais' gowns were marvelous
creations of the modiste's art and cast
; into the background any ever worn on
the local stage before. At the time her
i greatest talent was in the wearing of
j these gowns gracefully, as though to
! the manner born, her acting being ama
teurish.
The apparent success of her debut
made her stage mad, and she at once
organized a company for the road.
Here the troubles, which have beset her
path, commenced. The tour proved a
Junketing trip. The company went
north into inhospitable Alaska, and the
traveling expenses made heavy inroads
upon Mrs. Auzerais' purse. However,
it had Its compensations, as the leading2
lady went away an amateur and re
turned a professional.
While the company of which Mr.
Hoyte wae a member was in the north,
Hpyte'a wife obtained a divorce from
him. Shortly after he wedded Mrs.
Auzerais. He had been her devoted
teacher for some time, and the mar
riage caused but little surprise among
their intimates. The coaching went on
withoUt interruption, and then came
Ikt first appearance on a metropolitan
stage. With her husband she ap
peared with her own company at the
Alcaiar Theater, April 20. 18%. For a
•urtain-raieer there was a tidbit, "The
Betting of the Sun," and also a comedy,
"Everybody's Friend."
Both productions were kindly re
ceived by the critics, but financial
trouble soon showed the manager
actress that her path was not to be be
strew n with roses. Bills for printing
and music and for .the gorgeous gowns
worn by her were presented, and, re
maining unpaid, suits were brought to
compel settlement. The expectations of
great histrionic and financial success
were dissipated in thin air.
It's an did adage "Troubles never
come singly." With the failure of her
theatrical venture came a whisper of
a rift within the lute as to her home
life. There was a story of a stormy in
terview between husband and wife and
of her seeking protection from friends.
All parties denied that any such thing
happened, and husband and wife have
to all outward appearances lived hap
3'tly together until death put them
apart.
After the disastrous experiment a
the Alcazar they left the stage and
neither of them have appeared before
the footlights since. They rented Crit
tenden Thornton's mansion on Pacific
avenue and settled down to a Bohemian
existence. As the outcome of this they
were mulcted in the sum of $500 for
damage done the walls, carpets and
uther furnishings of the lawyer's home
The restless young couple then de
cided upon a European trip and spent
nearly two years on the Continent. I
seemed impossible for them to keep out
of the public eye and they were soon
objects of international correspondence
While at Cannes, France, they were
imprisoned fur debt, as is the custom in
that country. They cabled Governor
Budd and also Secretary Olney at
Washington urging them to have Mrs
Hoyte's financial agent to remit $1000
The unhappy couple safely weathered
this storm and left inhospitable France
«s- soon as possible. Since then the>
have traveled and passed their tinu
sightseeing. They arrived in New York
last March and returned to this city
a month ago.
It has been difficult for persons for
merly associated with them to avoid
romantic attachments. Holbrook Blinn
■ ><>aing actor in Mrs. Hoyte's Alaskan
company, married one of its member*
Mr. Auzerais went to Paris to study
sculpture. He was stricken with a
deadly fever and was nursed back to
health by a young Oakland woman
As an evidence of his appreciation he
married her and they are living In
Mrs. Hoyte was the adopted daugh
ter of the late Llewellyn Williams of
hacrarnento. Upon her death she in
herited nearly a quarter of a million
dollars. In addition to this her son in
herited $100,000. This is in the hands of
trustees and only the income has been
spent on his education, which is a
thorough one. There was no issue of i
the marriage of Mr. and Mrs. Hoyte
Hereward Hoyte McDonald, who I
adopted Hereward Hoyte as his stage
name, was born in Melbourne Austra
lia. Two brothers survive him there
One is head of a great lithographing
establishment, while the other is a suc
cessful merchant. The funeral yester
day was from the parlors of Halstead '
& Co., 94ri Mission street. The simple
impressive services of the dead were
pai<l by the Rev. K. B. Spalding of St.
John's Episcopal Church.
GERMANY DEMANDS RE
DRESS FOR A MISSIONARY
China's Foreign Office in a Peck of
Trouble, and Cannot Control
Szechuan Rebels.
PEKING, Dec. 7.— The German Minister
here. P.aron yon Heyjung. has demanded
of the Tsung Li Yamen that a German
missionary lately maltreated in the prov
ince of Shan Tung shall be escorted
through the district by Chinese officers
and shown special honors, and that the
mandarins responsible for the outrage
shall he degraded.
The members of the Tsung LI Yamen
are greatly perturbed at the French ulti
matum regarding the missionary held
prisoner by Szechuan rebels. They de
clare it is impossible <.o comply with the
demand or France for his release as the
rebels are beyond control.
STANFORD ELECTION.
Football Manage* and Editor Chosen
by tne Students.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Dec. 7.—
The student body election, helu on the
quad this afternoon, resulted in the selec
tion of Fred L. Berry '99 for football
manager, and K. W. Smith '99 for
e.litor-in-chief of the Daily Palo Alto of
rext semester. The election was a quiet
one, only 516 votes being cast. This poll
is a decrease of 278 votes from the elec
tion of last December, when the same of
fices were filled.
Fred L. Berry, the new football man
ager, hails from Ogden, Utah. Since his
entftUhcd in college he has held several
responsible student body positions. He
was a member of the executive committee
of the Associated Students last year, and
has been acting as assistant treasurer
this semester.
F.. W. Smith, who was chosen to fill
the editorial chair of the college daily
is the present managing editor of the
paper. His homr is in Dorchester. Mass.
He is the present captain of the track
team.
Joins Stanford's Faculty.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Dec. 7.—
J. F. Ifawaon. Stanford '92, has been en
gaged as assistant professor in the geol
ogy department, and will deliver a course
of lectures h<re next semester. AVhile In
college Professor N>wson was prominent
in athletics, having been catcher on Stan
ford's first varsity baseball team.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Just Out
Killarney Shape Semi-Porce-
lain, with Rose Bud Decoration
Platters, Sugar and Cream
.■ S^, £^,^kers, Tea
Pot, Salad Sets, Butter
Dish, Given, away free with
American's Best
Teas, Coffees, Spices
Great American Import'gTea Co.
86 1 .Market, •?. Ptvell 705 I arkin St.
140 Sixth St. 1419 Polk St.
216 Thirds. 1819 Devlsadero St.
506 corny St. 2008 Flllmoro St.
i«?J M . St *' 321 Montgomery Ay.
2MO £ lssic)n St. 1 190 Kentucky y St.
3006 Sixteenth St. 3235 Mission St.
853 Uayes St. 52 Market St.
OAKLAND STORES:
Ips3Wn»l»lnatonSt. 131 San Pablo Avo.
617 Broadway. 610 E Twelfth St.
• - 1510 Seventh St
ALAMEDA— I3SS Park St.
SAN KAFAE! — B St.. near Fourth.
We. also self.
China, Crockery, G la^6Ware
Cheapest Price* in America,
•■:,.-.. v.'-.: Writ* for OtUlegMi. •
■'■'■■■ ■ . ■ '
OPPOSES THE
APPOINTMENT
OF SENATORS
Hoar Speaks About
Commissions.
OTHERS DIFFER FROM HIM
MORGAN AND PL ATT THINK THE
PRESIDENT'S PLAN BIGHT.
After Two and a Half Hours of De
bate the Question Is Referred
to the Judiciary Commit
tee to Investigate.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 7.— No business
was transacted by the Senate to-day in
open session. A few minutes after the
Senate convened it went into executive
; session. At 2:15 o'clock business in open
session was resumed, the death of Rep
resentatives Northway of Ohio and
Love of Mississippi was announced and
; the Senate adjourned as a mark of
respect to their memories.
At the opening of the Senate's session
j Hawley of Connecticut, chairman of the
Military Affairs Committee, introduced a
i bill for the reorganization of the regular
; army.
At 12:16 p. m., on motion of Lodge, the
i Senate went into executive session.
A long debate was had in executive
,; session upon the subject of the confirma
i tion of the Hawaiian Commissioners.
! The debate was started by Senator
| Hoar, who made a vigorous protest
| against the practice of appointing Sena
j tors upon such a commission. Fie said
the Senators, when appointed, acted
under the direction and became the
duly authorized agents of the President
to carry out his ideas and wishes. What
became of their functions as Senators,
i he asked, when the report they make,
as in the case of the Hawaiian Com
: mission, came before the Senate, a co-
I ordinate branch of the Government?
In the case of the Joint High Commis
sion, now negotiating a treaty with
Great Britain, and the Peace Com- I
mission, now in Paris, there were the i
same objections, but they applied with j
greater force. Senators should hold j
aloof from such positions because their
| acts as Commissioners were to be passed !
j upon by themselves as Senators— a very
| reprehensible practice, in the opinion o*f I
Hoar. He intimated that Senators act- ■
I ing for the President as a commission i
which, in dealing with a foreign country, '•
; had to act as a body, might be placed 1
j in the position of supporting a cause i
i which they as Senators would reject.
The method of appointing Senators on !
commissions was defended by Senator
Morgan and Senator Platt of Connecticut.
Other speakers in the controversy
! were Senators Chandler and Bacon,
1 who were in opposition to the free exer
j cisc by the President of the power to
appoint Senators to other positions.
j Senator Aldrich made the point that ;
! the position of the commissioners in '■
i such duties as those of the Hawaiian >
| Commission and the Paris Peace Com- !
! mission was not inconsistent with the i
I performance of Senatorial duties. These !
j positions were, he said, not offices in the i
I usual interpretation of the word, and to i
' prevent the Presidents calling for their |
I service for such work was often to de- i
i prive him of the best assistance avail- |
j able in special cases like those in which j
I Senators Morgan. Cullom, Davis, Frye I
! and others were engaged.
After two and a half hours of discus- I
i sion the question was referred to the
Judiciary Committee with instructions to '
investigate and report upon the nomina- i
tion of the commissioners.
At 2:15 p. m. the Senate resumed busi
ness in open session. Communications
were received from the House of Repre
sentatives announcing the death during
the recess of Representative Stephen A.
Northway of Ohio and Representative
William F. Love of Mississippi. On mo
tion of Foraker of Ohio, as a mark of re
spect to the memory of the deceased the
Senate at 2:20 p. m. adjourned.
HOUSE PASSES THE
ANTI-SCALPING BILL
WASHINGTON. Dec. 7.— The House to
day, passed the anti-ticket scalping bill
by a vote of 119 to 101. This action is the
culmination of a ten-year struggle on the
I>art of the railroads to put an end to the
business of ticket scalping:. The Inter
state Commerce Commission first called
attention to the subject In Its report of
1888, and it has been before Congress ever
since, in one form or another. During the
last session extensive hearings were given
both to the representatives of the rail
roads and the scalpers, and Sherman of
New York secured 174 pledges for the
measure. It was, however, deemed inad
visable to bring the matter forward until
the present session. The debate to-day
lasted four hours, and was spirited upon
both sides. None of the amendments of
fered were .adopted, and the bill was
passed as reported by the committee.
.The bill requires the carriers subject to
the interstate commerce act to provide
each agent authorized to sell tickets with
a certificate, and makes it unlawful for
an officer of such carrier to supply tick
ets to any but authorized agents. It
malces violations of these provisions a
misdemeanor, and provides for the re
demption of unused or partially used
tickets and also provides penalties for
forging or altering tickets. Mr. Sherman
said this legislation had been repeatedly
recommended by the Interstate Commerce
Commission, that it had the support of
newspapers and commercial bodies and
that over 3000 petitions in its favor had
been presented to the House during the
present Congress. The business commu
nities had come to look upon ticket brok
erage business as illegal. The amount of
fraud practiced, if known, would startle
any one familiar with the facts.
VICTORY CELEBRATED.
First Annual Meeting of Santa
Good Government League.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 7.— The first annual
meeting of the Republican Good Govern
ment League was held at Rutherford Hall
yesterday afternoon. It was a large and
enthusiastic gathering and was in the
nature of a jollification.
President E. A. Hayes read his annual
report. It showed the organization to be
in a flourishing condition. The league was
organized on January 22 last with a mem
bership of 39 and now has a membership
of over 1900. At the last election it devel
oped a voting; strength of about 400$.
President Hayes urged the necessity of
keeping up the organization along its
present lines.
The campaign committee, under the
leadership of Mitchell Phillips, was
thanked for its effective work during the
late campaign.
The league elected the following officers
for the ensuing year: President, E. A.
Hayes; first vice president, C. M. AVoos
ter; second vice president, J. R. Johns;
secretary, C. R. Merriam; treasurer. T.
Ellard Beans; directors (including above
officers i— D. H. Coates, C. F. Freitag, J
P. Jarman. T. C. McChesney, J. J. Miller
G. S. Walker, W. F. Wililams, Dr. H'
M. Tenney. F. H. Babb, C. T. Settle, Pro
fessor Show.
Headquarters and club rooms will be
opened in Music Hall building about the
first of the year.
Absconding Volunteer Caught.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 7.-According to
a telegram received by Sheriff Budd this
rooming Charles Thompson, the abscond
ing clerk of Company A of the Seventh
has been captured at iopeka
"Cans., and Is held there. An officer from
•he Sheriff's office will go after him.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1898.
ANN O'DELIA DISS DEBAR AND BEfi LATEST BtSBAND, JAMES BUTTON JACKSON, AS APOSTLES OF FRUIT
ARIANISM, WILL FOUND TBE ORDER OF THE CRYSTAL SEA.
Mrs Diss Debar is the woman who some years ago managed to impress Judge Luther R. Marsh, a wealthy lawyer of
New Twk with her occult powers and make him part with many thousands of dollars. James Dutton Jackson was long a
JSdent of This Btlte and his father v.us superintendent of the McNear ranch. He was educated in a Presbyterian college,
later studying for the Congregational ministry-
TO INCREASE OUR
SHIPPING TRADE
Merchant Marine Needs
Enlarging.
SEVERAL PLANS SUGGESTED
COMMISSIONER CHAMBERLAIN'S
REPORT.
Advocates Extending Direct Govern
ment Aid to Vessels Built
in the United
{States.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 7.— The annual
report of Navigation Commissioner
Chamberlain is devoted mainly to sta
! tistics and facts in support of the
1 project for the creation of the American
; merchant marine, recommended by
j Secretary Gage. Following are ex-
tracts:
Excluding the great lakes, practically
shut off by Niagara Falls from foreign
competition, the tonnage of vessels en
tered and cleared at seaports of the
United States in foreign trade for 1897
comprised 7,248,625 tons American and
32,632,419 tons foreign shipping. In over
sea navigation to foreign ports more than
1500 miles distant. American shipping
amounted to only 2.065.656 tans, compared
with 27,418,026 tons foreign.
Only three practical courses, at the
present time, are open to the United
States:
First— We may retain our laws un
changed, ignore national navigation and
continue to rely on vessels under foreign
flags for the transportation o- our ex
ports and imports.
Second— We may permit foreign-built
vessels to register under the American
flag, ship crews abroad and increase na
tional navigation.
Third— We may extend direct Gov
ernment aid to vessels built in the United
States and thus increase both national
navigation and national ship-building.
-The last named of these three courses
re suggested to a very great extent by
our new relations to the rest of the
world, which expects the United States
to become a maritime power. For the
first time we now hold and shall doubt
less permanently hold inhabited terri
tory beyond the limit of the North
American continent.
Largely through indifference we have
lost the share in trans-Atlantic naviga
tion which was once ours. The grow
ing trade of the Pacific is rabidly slip
ping away from us. Excluding Hawaii,
entries and clearances from Asia and
Oceanlca at ports of the United States
during 1890 amounted to 235.950 tons Amer
ican shipping, and in I^7 to only 221 .438
tons, while foreign shipping increased
from 431,242 tons to 924,720 tons.
Foreign nations are skillfully following
the policy of government aid to develop
their navigation in the Pacific. Toward
steamship lines to the east coast of Asia
alone Great Britain last year contribu
ted $1,250.0*10: France. $1,217,000.: Germa
ny. $480,000; Spain (1596). $416,000; Russia,
$406,000; Austria. $306,000, and Italy. $277.
000. The United States paid only $40,000 to
American lines to Asia at regular mall
rates. We have deluded ourselves into
the belief that the Pacific trade will be
come ours without taking ordinary pre
cautions to meet competition.
We must take steps for the qualified ad
mission of foreign ships to American reg
ister in order to enter immediately into
active competition for Asiatic trade.
It will require at least eighteen months
to build the vessels of over 5000 tons and
sixteen knots, now needed to meet new
conditions in the Pacific.
A relaxation of the registry law was
necessary to establish our trans-Atlantic
line, and a similar relaxation is now nec
essary to meet conditions on the Pacific.
The restriction of trade between the
United States and Hawaii to American
vessels is even more important. Of that
trade 30 per cent is already carried on by
American vessels and over 10 per cent of
the remainder by Hawaiian vessels which
will doubtless be admitted to American
registry by Congress. American vessels
now leaving in ballast are sufficient to
supply the transportation requirements of
the islands if foreign vessels are with
drawn. Almost the entire value of the
annexation of Hawaii to the development
of American navigation in the Pacific is
involved in treating the islands as an ex
tension of our boundaries, bringing us
from IJOO to 2000 miles nearer the markets
of Asia and Australia. The opposition of
British and German interests to the prop
osition is anticipated in the line of their
consistent policy of subsidies to develop
their shipping on the Pacific. The re
strictions proposed, however, are in strict
accord with our national policy and with
our treaties and do not interfere with
the existing trade relations.
A revision of the tonnage tax laws is
proposed and the report also considers
legislation for the improvement of
American seamen, pilotage charges,
seaworthiness of vessels, allotment of
wages and other matters.
New Orleans Races.
NKW ORLEANS. Dec. V.— Weather clear;
track good; results:
First race, six furlongs, eetllns— DiffK9 -won,
Bridget second, Applejack third. Time, 1:16 V
Second race, one mile — Harry Preston won
Pell Mell II second, Chancery third. Time.
1:47.
Third race, selling, one mile— Bishop Reed
won. Pinky Potter second. Can I See 'Em
third. Time, 1:46.
Fourth race, seven furlongs — What Next won,
Tlmemaker second. Friskal third. Time, 1:30.
Fifth race, selling, mile and a sixteenth—
True Light won, Patroon second, Branch third
Time. I:2.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablet*. All
drurffUtß rpfund the money If It falls to euw
25c. Tbe genuine has L. B. Q. on each tablet.
UNION OF HEBREW
CONGREGATIONS
Interesting Report on the
Zionistic Movement.
NOT POLITICAL ORGANIZATION
JEWS A RELIGIOUS COMMUNITY,
NOT A NATION.
"America Is Our. Zion, and Washing
ton Our Jerusalem," the Senti
ment Expressed at the
. Convention.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
RICHMOND, Va., Dec. 7.— The union
of Hebrew congregations, in convention
here, devoted the time of to-day's ses
sion to consideration of reports of the
committees on the Hebrew Union Col
lege and the Zionistic movement. The
former committee, after recognizing the
labors of the board of governors of the
college and of Dr. Wise and his asso
ciates of the faculty, and making an
appeal for more financial support for
the institution, recommended that the
age of admission to the college be raised
to sixteen years and also announced
that the college cannot undertake to
pay for the secular instruction at the
high school and university.
The first recommendation -was re
ferred to the boar"d of governors. The
second recommendation was amended
so as to say simply "secular instruc
tion," leaving out the names of the
schools. The report, as a whole, was
then adopted.
The report on the Zionistic move
ment was submitted as follows:
The union of American Hebrew Congre
gations in convention assembled, in view
of the active propaganda being made at
present for the so-called Zionistic move
ment, deems it proper and necessary to
put itself on record as follows:
We are unalterably opposed to political
Zionism. The Jews are not a nation, but
a religious community. Zion was a pre
cious possession of the past— the early
home of our faith— where our prophets ut
tered their world-subduing thoughts and
our psalmists sang their world-enchanting
hymns. As such, it is a holy memory
but it is not a hope of the future.
America is our Zion, and Washington
our Jerusalem. Here, In the home of re
ligious liberty, we have aided In founding
this new Zion, the fruition of the begin
ning laid in the old. The mission of Juda
ism is spiritual, not political. Its aim is
not to create a state, but to spread the
truth of religion and humanity throughout
the world.
The report precipitated a heated dis
cussion, in which nearly all the dele
gates took part. Finally Dr. David
Philipson said that the report had
aroused so much interest and so many
requests had been made that the com
mittee had determined to make the fol
lowing addition and change:
"While we are aware of and deplore
the abject condition to which many of
our brethren are subjected in foreign
lands, and that have naturally but un
fortunately aroused in some of them a
yearning for a re-establishment of Zion,
yet we delegates of the Union," etc.
Then follows the original resolution
w r ith the words, "and Washington, our
Jerusalem," stricken out.
The report was further discussed and
then adopted.
The report of the committee on ac
counts showed that at present ninety
one congregations constitute the Union.
RETRENCHMENT POLICY
WAS SHORT-LIVED
San Jose's Board of Education Get-
ting Back Into the Same
Old But.
SAN JOSE. Dec. 7.— The streak of econ
omy which possessed the City Board of
Education a week ago is proving a sham.
Last night the board elected Misses Fan
nie Stockton and Kate Curley teachers for
the grammar schools. Five teachers were
re-employed a few days ago. making an
addition of seven since the trustees mas
queraded as economists. It is understood
petitions asking that the kindergarten be
opened and the teachers put back in their
places are being circulated at the instance
of the trustees.
The re-election of Miss Fannie Stockton
is due, it Is reported, to an ante-election
pledge. Last June the Classification Com
mittee, consisting of Trustees Graham
and Kenyon. reported on her dismissal be
cause she refused to use her influence for
"Boss" Rea's ticket. She threatened to
bring suit to test the right of the Trustees
to discharge her without cause, and these
Trustees promised her that if she did
not bring suit and kept quiet until after
election she would be reinstated. She
was also promised that her salary,
amounting to $234 for the months she was
out of school, would be given her.
Last night Miss Stockton was re-elect
ed, but the bill for her salary was laid on
the table.. In all probability she will
bring suit for the money.
To Improve the Stream.
WOODLAND. Dec. 7.— Sam Montgom
ery, who made such a success In the con
struction of the jetty system at Newton
Shoals, will undertake to close a break
at Jersey Island, on which a San Fran
cisco contractor has already lost several
thousand dollars. Mr. Montgomery feels
confident of success.
INCREASES THE
REGULAR ARMY
The Bill Introduced by
Mr. Hull.,
MILES' PLANS ARE IGNORED
ENLISTING TROOPS IN NEW
POSSESSIONS.
Miles Wanted a General and Two
Lieutenant Generals, but the
Measure Provides for Only-
One Lieutenant General.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 7.—Representa
tive Hull, chairman of the House Com
mittee on Military Affairs, to-day in
troduced a bill increasing the regular
army to approximately 100,000 men. The
bill was framed at the "War Depart
ment and has the approval of the Sec
retary of War. It is not the bill
framed by General Miles, as this meas
ure has not the high rank proposed by
the Miles bill, and some of the appoint
ments are open to officers of the volun
teers from civil life. It provides for a
lieutenant general, and what is con
sidered a sufficient increase of major
generals and brigadier generals to com
mand an army of 100,000 men, scattered
from Porto Rico to Manila. The artil
lery arm is reorganized, separating it
into coast and field artillery, but pro-,
motion to be by seniority of the whole
arm. A decrease of the enlisted men is
made, so that the army can be increas
ed by recruits in case of war to full
strength. The cavalry is increased
two regiments, the infantry five. The
enlisted strength of an infantry com
pany is not to exceed 145, so that in
case of war new regiments would have
to be formed, probably all of which
would be volunteer, but the regular
army would make a substantial first
line. The bill provides for the three
battalion formation.
The staff corps are increased about 40
per cent, and with the exception of the
adjutant general, inspector general and
ordnance, are open to appointments
from the volunteers or civil life. The
most noticeable change is in that of the
medical department, in which provision
is made for a hospital corps of 3000 pri
vates, with the necessary non-commis
sioned officers, with a largely increased
number of surgeons and assistant sur
geons. All officers and men serving in
the sub-tropical countries are to have
an increase of 25 per cent in pay. Un
der the immediate control of the Presi
dent, inhabitants of the new countries
may be enlisted in the organizations
there serving.
The bill gives a total of fourteen regi
ments of artillery, twelve of cavalry
and thirty of infantry.
Chairman Hull's bill is cast on entire
ly different lines from General Miles'
bill, so that detailed comparison is dif
ficult. The Miles bill is based on the
theory of one soldier for one thousand
population, while the Hull bill is based
on the idea of a total force of 100,000,
the organization being constructed so
as to reach that total. General Miles
provides for a general and for two
lieutenant generals, while the Hull bill
makes no provision for a general, and
has but one lieutenant general. Other
important differences are:
Hull bill, thirty regiments of in
fantry; Miles bill, fifty regiments of in
fantry.
Hull bill, twelve regiments of cavalry;
Miles bill, fifteeen regiments of cavalry.
Hull bill, a cor^s of artillery; Miles
bill, fourteen regiments of seacoast
artillery and two regiments of field
The Hull bill in its first section sums
up for the reorganized army as follows:
One lieutenant general, six major
generals, twelve brigadier generals,
twelve regiments of cavalry, a corps of
artillery, thirty regiments of infantry,
an adjutant general's departm nt, an
inspector general's department. a
judge advocate general's department, a
quartermaster's department, a sub
sistence department, a medical depart
ment, pay department, a corps of en
gineers, an ordnance department, a
signal corps, thirty post chaplains, the
chief of the record and pension office,
the officers of the army on the retired
list, the professors, corps of cadets, an
army service detachment and band at
the United States Military Academy
and such other officers and enlisted
men as may hereinafter be provided for.
The regimental organization of the
artillery arm is discontinued and that
member is designated as the corps of
artillery. The distinction between
coast and field artillery is similar to
the Miles bill, but more elaborate in
, detail. The Atlantic division of the
! coast is defined to include the
Atlantic and the Gulf seaboards and the
coast of the great lakes, "and shall
ultimately include the -oast line of the
j West Indian possessions of the United
I States."
The Pacific division is defined to in
clude the Pacific seaboard "and shall
ultimately Include the coast line of the
OLYMPIAN GAMES TO
DECIDE ELECTION TIES
TACOMA, Dec. 7.— At the November election thirty-four candi
dates for Justice of the Peace and Constable received tie votes in
this county. According to the provisions of the law all of these can
didates will assemble at the Courthouse on December 23 to determine
by lot which candidates shall hold office.
Auditor Spike has gone to California on a vacation. In his ab
sence Deputy Auditor Houghton announced his determination to pro
vide a series of Olympian games in which the candidates must win
office by feats of prowess. Several candidates have indorsed this idea.
The winners are to banquet the unsuccessful candidates. The games
are to be open to the public and some interesting athletic events are
promised.
Anderson Island precinct has six candidates tied for Justice and
six for Constable, all having an equal number of votes.
various possessions of the United
States in the Pacific Ocean."
The corps of artillery embraces 144
batteries of coast artillery and twenty
four field batteries.
Each regiment of infantry consists
of twelve companies, organized into
three battalions of four companies each.
The company strength, in addition to
commissioned and non-commissioned
officers, is 112 men. In various staff
corps express provision is made that
persons who have served as officers in
the volunteer army in the war with
Spain and persons in civil life may be
appointed to various specified grades.
Section 16 is as follows: "Organiza
tions serving in Cuba, Porto Rico and
the islands of the Pacific may, in the
discretion of the President, be re
cruited in whole or in part from the in
habitants thereof, to whom the legal
restrictions upon enlistments in the
army as regards terms of service, age,
citizenship and educational qualifica
tions shall not apply, and who shall be
entitled to such pay and allowances, not
exceeding those now authorized, as the
President may direct."
CLAIMS SADLER WAS
ELECTED BY FRAUD
Defeated Republican Candidate for
Governor in Nevada to File
a Contest.
CARSON, Nev., Dec. 7.— William Mc-
Millan, the defeated Republican nomi
nee, will contest the election of Rhein
hold Sadler for Governor on the grounds
that the apparent plurality which Sadler
has Is based upon illegal votes sufficient
to change the result of the election. Some
sensational allegations are looked for.
Counsel has been employed, and when the
official canvass is made on the third Mon
day of this month proceedings will be in
stituted.
Nevada's new purity of election law is
to be tested to-morrow. Alfred Chartz
will be tried for disobeying that provis
ion of the law which requires him to file
a statement of his expenditures with the
Secretary of State.
NARROW ESCAPE FROM
DEATH IN FLAMES
Santa Cruz Rancher's Wife Slides
Down a Post From the Roof of
a Burning Building.
SANTA CRUZ. Dec. 7.— F. R. Dann's
re?i 1 ice at the Mountain View farm
near this city was destroyed by fire last
night. Mrs. Dann went to her room to
save her jewelry and when she started
down stairs, found the way blocked by
flames, so she climbed to the roof and
slid down a post, with fire trailing so
closely behind her that her hair was sing
ed.
With much difficulty several cottages
and an amusement hall were saved. The
loss is about $5000, with insurance of
$2700. The fire was caused, presumably,
by hot ashes which had been left in a
grate.
CLEVELAND OPPOSES
EXPANSION POLICY
Does Not Look With Favor Upon
Annexation, From Hawaii to
the Philippines.
PRINCETON, N. J., Dec. 7.— Grover
Cleveland was Interviewed to-day on the
new policy of the United States and dic
tated the following for the Associated
Press:
"Without going at all into details I
wish to say that I am ardently opposed
to every feature of this annexation and
expansion policy. The public ought to
know pretty well what my convictions are
from the Hawaiian question during my
administration. I have not changed my
mind and remain opposed to all of this an
nexation, from Hawaii to the Philip
pines."
BUN ON A MISSOURI BANK.
Due to Its Dealing With Gillett, the
Cowboy Plunger.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Dec. 7.— A run was
made on the Central Savings Bank of St.
Joseph yesterday afternoon, depositors
drawing out $30,000 in two hours. The run
was the result Q_f the failure of Grant Gil
lett. the Kansas cattle plunger. The bank
held about $10,000 of Gillett paper. This
came out in a law suit brought by a Kan
sas City commission firm to gain posses
sion of' some of Gillett's cattle that were
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HUNTING MEN!
We are looking for men, women and children to help us with our immense
stock of Christmas goods and other goods. We not only have the goods, but
we have the help to sell them and deliver them promptly, no delay or disap-
pointment any time of day. Everybody busy but everybody has time and
takes time to make the visits of our patrons pleasant and profitable. IJ we
can increase our sales, say $5000 per day for the next fifteen days, we shall be
in shape for stock-taking after Christmas. You can help us and save lots of
money at the same time.
WAKE=IP PRICES.
COFFEE—
Those wishing to roast their own coffee
can buy a good Costa Rica from uf by the
bag at less than a dealer would pay. No.
5 Costa Rica, sacks. 135 lbs., at 9c; 50 lbs.,
at S'jc; 25 lbs., at 10c; less at lie.
TEA—
A magnificent special, full strength Cey-
lon, sold in some stores we kr.ow at $1
Ib. Pure, rich, strong, economical chest
lots, 60 lbs. at 29c; 30 lbs. at 31c; 10 lbs. at
34c; lees at 35c.
CORN MEAL—
Eastern, fine, pure, fresh, 25-lb. sacks, 4Sc.
CURRANTS—
Plum Pudding, the finest brand, reeleaned
and stemmed, 5 lbs., 45c; 10 lbs., 80c.
CITRON—
Finest Corslcan. new. fancy, none better
23-lb. drums at 12c; less at 15c.
Ask for our 40 page Furniture Catalogue.
Ask for our 40 page Hardware Catalogue.
STORE OPEN SATURDAYS UNTIL 8 O'CLOCK FOR LATE WORKERS.
SPECIAL THIS WEEK!
TABLE SYRUP—
Fair heavy grade, 17 gaU. for $' 2r,
Choice heavy table, 17 gals, for 4 70
Fancy table, light, 5 gals, for 175
8. I. Molasses, baking, 5 gals for 90
PEAS—
Garden, in tins, full size, full of pea*,
not liquor, no black ones, 8 tins f0r.... 25
attached by the bank. Officers of the bank
posted a notice to-day advising depositors
that written notice would be required
from those wno desired to withdraw
funds. The bank's deposits are half a mil
lion dollars, but it has only $70,0)0 cash on
hand, and this course was taken to pre
vent serious trouble. It is probable the
bank will resume business soon.
STEWART COMPLAINS
OF F. G. NEWLANDS
■ But Political Sharps Think There Is
a Secret Understanding Between
the Sagebrush Statesmen.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 7.— Senator Stew
art of Nevada evidently realizes he will
be defeated for re-election, for in an in
terview to-night, prepared by himself, he
complains bitterly that Congressman
Francis G. Newlands gave him his word
that he would not be a candidate for the
Senate.
In Washington, where both gentlemen
are well known, it is, to say the least,
considered strange that there should be
any political differences between them.
They have for several years been asso
ciated in real eßtate transactions together
and were supposed to be close friends. It
is suspected by some of the political
sharps that there is some secret deal be
tween them and that the apparent mis
understanding is for political effect. It
is believed here 'that in case Stewart fails
Newlands will be his political legatee.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC "COAST
Probability That a River and Harbor
Bill Will Be Passed This
Session.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 7.— Senator Gor
man is authority for the statement that
there will be a river and harbor bill
passed at this session of Congress.
This will be welcome news to Califor
nlans. Representative Loud believes he
may be able to secure appropriations for
the removal of Shag and Arch rocks in
San Francisco harbor, while Representa
tive de Vries wants to secure something
for the Sacramento. Feather and San
Joaquin rivers. Congressman Barlow id
anxious about San Pedro harbor. The
indications are, however, that Secrptary
Alger will persist in his refusal to carry
out the work already authorized. A res
olution by Congress demanding that he
execute its law may be necessary.
SURVEY STEAMSHIP
PATHFINDER LAUNCHED
New Vessel Christened by a Niece of
Secretary of the Treasury
Gage.
NEW YORK, Dec. 7.— The United States
survey steamer Pathfinder was launched
from the Nixon shipyards in Elizabeth,
N J.. to-day. Miss Ruth W. Crandon.
niece of Secretary of the Treasury Gage,
christened the vessel.
The Pathfinder will be the largest vessel
ever employed in the survey of the coast
and was designed especially for surveys
and explorations along the Aleutian
Islands. She is 196 feet over all, 160 feet
on the water line. 444 fe^t beam, with a
depth of nearly 20 feet and a displacement
of 875 tons on 11 feet moan draught.
TRANSFER OF THE IttERCURY.
Syndicate to Assume Control of the
San Jose Daily.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 7.— The San Jose Mer
cury will on December 24 pass into the
control of a syndicate headed by C. M.
Wooster and W. H. "Wright. The price
to be paid is $100,000. C. M. Shortridge,
the present proprietor, will retire. For
the past couple of years the paper has
been in financial straits until its indebt
ness amounts to $90,000.
There are seventy-six stockholders in
the new company, which will meet in a
few days and elect directors. The paper
will remain Republican in politics, but will
oppose the "gang" rule that has dominat
ed public affairs in Santa Clara County
The report that W. H. Mills is interested
in the purchase is unfounded.
Belew Case Appealed.
SnSFX.Dec. 7.— An appeal will be mada
to the Supreme Court by Attorney Lloyd
M. Robbins against the decision of Judge
Buckles in the matter of the distribution
of the estates of Susie and I^ouis Belew.
deceased. Robbins" contentions will be
based on the New York case of Biggs vs.
Palmer. A bill of exceptions was filed
to-day.
EYE=OPENINQ PRICES.
LEMON and ORANGE PEEL
New, fancy, 10-lb. boxes. 99c; less at 12Hc
We sell ; .•.•Any one" who . sends
cash with order. /■* >,
NUTMEGS- ~
Finest quality, 10 lbs., $3 90; 5 lbs $2 05-
less at 50c. "' '
NUTS-
Mixed, fine. new. all kinds, choicest se-
lec^Uon. 100 lbs.. $10; 50 lbs., 'jo 50; less at
CANDY—
■ ,30-lb. palls pure extra Broken Mixed, just
the thins for the holidays. $2 50; 4-lb. box
French Xmas, mixed, 50c. i^
COFFEE— i ; :-;^Jj\;.'
$ll"K, n R aSt> 10 ° lbs - 063 ' Ar'buckles.
WE DEI IYFR£ AMILY orders free in
TTCULLITCKOAKLAND AND ALAMKDA
C/ISH STORE
25-27 Market St., S.F.FIRE DESTROYS
OIL TANKS AT
LOS ANGELES
Standard's Property
Burned.
CARELESSNESS OF A PEDDLER
PROBABLY DROPPED A MATCH
INTO BENZINE
flames Spread So Rapidly That Only
a Portion of the Books and
Valuables Are
Saved.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 7.— The ware
house of the Standard Oil Company and
nine tanks of oil were destroyed this
afternoon by fire. The nine tanks were
Bmail sized. Four of them contained
gasoline, one benzine and four linseed
oil. Fortunately four l:\rge tanks con
taining hundreds of thousands <Jf gallons
of Oil <li<3 not burst. If the flames had
reached the oil in these tanks?, one of
which contained gasoline, the fire would
have one of the most disastrous this
city has ever known. Although E. S.
Sullivan, the local manager, places the
damage at only $25,000, experts say that
$100,000 will not cover the loss. Little
or no insurance was carried.
Shortly after 3 o'clock this afternoon
J. Peterson, an employe of the Stand
il Company, was assisting a ped
i named Stevens to fill his wagon
tank with benzine. Peterson was hand
ing the benzine to Stevens, who was
in the v on. Suddenly Peterson heard
a noise and saw that the bucket, into
which be was pouring the oil from the
faucet, was on fire. Peterson tried to
quench t..-> flames, but they spread
quickly to the benzine tank, which con
tained' 7000 gallons of oil. Stevens
whipped up his horse and tried to es
from the names, but as he left
tli" yard it was noticed that his wagon
was ablaze. The lire was probably due
to the i arelessness of Stevens, who had
either lighted a match or had mis
i a pipe.
Manager Sullivan saw the burning
wagon, realized the danger to the ware
and rushed to close the fireproof
After turning in an alarm he
his attaches did their utmost to
:• the books ai.d valuables. The
fire spread so rapidly that only a por
tion was saved before the flames
reached th<- warehouse.
The benzine tank had been burning
for fully fifteen minutes. As soon as
the names beran to lick up that build
ing there was a series of explosions
which caused the flames to spread
quickly all around the warehouse. The
smaller tanks began to melt away and
the thousands of people that had been
attracted by the fire were driven back
by fear of an explosion of the gasoline
tank.
At first the flames shot brightly from
>n the top of the tanks. Then
■ < <1 the dull, heavy black cloud of
the oil fire. At a distance the sky
s- emed to be darkened. On coming
nearer, however, curving flames could
be seen. Beneath the dark cloud over-
head a series of fire areas seemed to
a ■form and tn trace spiral curves.
The warehouse was Bituated on the
rfver bank between the Downey avenue
Buena Vista street bridges, and
between the Santa Fe and South
ern Pacific tracks. The Santa Fo runs
in a northeasterly direction; the South
ern Pacific runs north and south.
Seven Santa Fe cars w*»re burned.
Four cars were laden with hay, one
box car contained coal, two tank cars
contained crude oil. The Soutnern Pa
cific lost no cars.
Later the flames reached the four bie
tanks, which fortunately did not burst.
The largest tank holds 400,000 gallons,
hut had only 125,000 gallons in it to
day. The second t;mk holds 200.000 sal
lons of oil. but to-day it hold only 40.
000 gallons of gasoline. Had the flames
reached the gasoline the loss to life and
property would have been awful. The
remaining two tanks which hold 100.000
gallons each, are practically intact.
At 4:16 o'clock the fire was fairly well
tinder control, but somo of the firemen
■will be left at work all night. No dam
age was done to the cottag-es in the
neighborhood.
EMBASSADOR MUNSON'S
SPEECH DENOUNCED
Sentiments That Have Caused a
Sensation in Official and Diplo
matic Circles.
PAT; IP. Pfr. T.-The Paris newspapers
to-day vigorously denounce the speech de
livered last evening by the British Embas
sador, Sir Edmund K. Munson. at the an
nual meeting of the British Chamber of
Commerce here, as being a commentary
and warning in the most offensive forni.
They Fay the French Embassor at Lon
don, M. Paul <":imbon. will certainly be
Instructed to ask the Marquis of Salisbury
■whether it is by his orders that Sir Kd
misiKl undertake* to direct France's for
eign policy.
The Embassador'a speech has caused a
sensation in official and diplomatic cir
cles. The officials hi re arc intensely sur
prised, and i-xhit'it certain disquietude, as
it is anticipated Sir Edmund's remarks
will have a serious effect in the present
condition of French sentiment.
A D VERTISEMENTS.
Annual Sales 0ver6, 000,000 Boxes
FOE BILIOUS AND NERVOUS DISORDERS
such as Wind and Pain in tho Stomach,
Giddiness, Fulness aft«r meals, Head-
ache. Dizziness, Drowsiness, Flushings
of Heat, Loss of Appetite, Costiveness.
Blotches on tho Skin. Cold Chills. Dis-
turbed Sleep. Frightful Dreams and all
Nervous atxl Trembling Sensations.
THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF
IN TWENTY MINUTES. Every sufferer
will acknowledge them to bo
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECHAM'S PUXS.inkon as direct-
ed, will Quickly restore Females to com-
plete health. Tbey promptly remove
obstructions or iri"i,'ii!<iritifH of tho sys-
tem and cure Mirk Headache. Fora
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
And have the
LARGEST SALE
Of any Patent Medicine In the World.
25c. at all Drug Stores.
REMARKABLE
VOYAGE OF THE
MONADNOCK
HardshipsEnduredon
the Way.
TOLD BY CAPTAIN WHITING
WONDERFUL ENDURANCE OF
THE CREW IN THE TROPICS.
Successful Voyage on a Monitor, Lit
tle Better Than a Raft, From
San Francisco to
1 Manila. i
Epeclal Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 7.— The Navy
'■ Department has just made public a re
! port from Captain Whitiner. who com
j manded the Monadnock on the voyage
| from San Francisco to Manila, in
1 which, after tellinV of some of the
; hardships endured during the trip, pays
i a well deserved compliment to the ener
\ gy and ability of the officers and crew
! which made possible what was without
, doubt the most remarkable voyage ever
; made by an ironclad vessel In an emer
j gency.
Captain Whiting's report. which
; reached the Navy Department through
Admiral Dewey, contains the follow
ing:
U. S. S. MONADNOCK, SECOND RATE.
MARIVEL.ES. P. 1., Oct. 22, 189 S.
Sir: Notwithstanding the fortuitous
consequence to myself attendant upon
the cruise of this vessel to the
relief of the Asiatic fleet at Ma
nila, I should consider myself as
derelict to my duty as commanding offi
cer, now that the war is over, if I failed
to call the attention of yourself and the
department to the highly neritorious
services rendered by this ship's com
pany of officers and men under the most
trying and difficult circumstances.
The ability, couraee. zeal and endurance I
shown by them in crossing the Pacific
Ocean in a vessel of this typo, practically
a raft with only sixteen inches freeboard
in her overloaded condition, certainly de- I
serves some recognition. A cruise of
over 7000 miles in the tropics, in the ex
cesstve temperatures, with what small i
deck room there is in the ship packed I
with coal, so that sleeping places and ;
sleep were almost unattainable luxuries
for the forty days spent at sea— all hands •
upon a limited amount of fresh water, ,
struggling with appurtenances and en- !
glnes never designed for such overloaded
service, continually breaking down and as
continually being repaired, no war duty
has been more onerous or more disheart->
oning.
Anticipating a fight to the death with !
the enemy's heaviest force, afloat, the voy- '
ape has been for all a forlorn hope from i
the beginning, recognized as such by all ;
who participated, heartily joined in with
out flinching, happily ending without an
incident, yet only needing disaster to em
phasize what I write.
Continuing, Captain Whiting es- !
pecially commends the alertness of the :
,' Monadnock's executive officer. Lieu- ;
! tenant Commander C. P. Perkins; Chief :
; Engineer T. F. Burgdorff, who "stub- j
bornly fought the inherent weakness of i
engines designed for harbor use and j
successfully forced them through such '
! a prolonged voyage at sea," and Sur- i
; geon J. M. Steele. who carried the j
i ship's company through the trying or- !
i deal without a single fatality, though
j men were continually falling from heat I
1 and exhaustion.
Speaking of the zealous responses ol j
\ the officers and men to unusual calls :
fnr duty, Captain Whiting says:
They volunteered by delegation to coal '
ship by day and night at Guapn, although
i nearly prostrated by the heajrand confino
ment to which they were subjected, both
there and while en route. Too much i
j praise cannot be given the engineer's !
j force below, who were incessantly occu- '
'■ pied at all times, day and night, under the
' most arduous circumstances that can be ;
, imagined on board ship in the tropics, do- j
ing their utmost to keep the machinery in i
< running order.
That I have succeeded in safely bringing !
: this monitor so far from her intended field !
j of action in such a comparatively short ]
: time, with the Nero for a consort, is !
wholly and entirely due to the mast patri
otic and energetic support of this ship's '■
company of officers and men. There is
no better ship's company afloat and all
who can show upon their records that j
they took part in the cruise of the
Monadnock from San Francisco to Manila
during the war with Spain deserve all the !
; favors that the Navy Department and a I
grateful country can bestow upon them j
either now or in the future
NORTHERN PACIFIC
FXECUTES A COUP
Beats the Oregon Line Into Lewiston
by Laying a Track at
Night.
TACOMA, Dec. ".—At Lewiston, Idaho,
yesterday the Northern Pacific beat the
Oregon Railway and Navigation Com
pany at the latter's own game. The Ore
| gon Railway and Navigation Company
had been piling up material for a week,
; but did little construction work. Yester
day morning Lewiston found that the
Northern Pacific had landed men ties
and rails during the night and was rap
idly laying track around the city's water
front.
Thfcs coup gives the Northern Pacific
; possession of the best part of the frontage
on both Snako anu Clearwater rivers and
puts the Oregon Railway and Navigation
Company at a disadvantage in securing
adequate terminals. To get into Lewision
; the Oregon Railway and Navigation Com
, pany will have to build up the north side
of Clearwater River, cross it below the
Northern Pacific bridge and then build
back on the opposite shore into town.
MANY RELIGIOUS MANIACS.
Four Followers of "The Wife of
Christ" Now in the Insane
Asylum.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. 7.-The State Lu
nacy Commission has on flle papers to
show that within the past few days there
have been four commitments from South
ern California. In each of these cases
the cause of insanity is given as religion
and each of the patients is known to have
been a disciple of an alleged "healer"
who is known by her followers as Mum
my Williams.
This aged colored woman claims to be
the wife of Christ and has created a
great deal of excitement among the ne
frces in the southern part of California
t Js reported that one of her disciples
starved himself to death.
Schedule of Football Games.
WOODLAND, Dec. 7.— Norman Peart,
manager of the Woodland football team,
announces that he has arranged a schedule
of games to be played in the near future.
The first will take place at Marysville on
next Saturday, where they will meet a
junior team jof that city. On tho follow
ing Saturday. December 17, they will
again meet the Sacramento team that
played in this city on Thanksgiving day.
On Christmas day they will play at
Napa.
Yorktown Beady to Sail.
VALLEJO, Dec. 7.— The United States
grunboat Yorktown is now ready to leave
Mare Island. Yesterday she took on a
supply of ammunition, and her coal bunk
ers have all been filled.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1898.
ACCUSED OF HAVING
ACCEPTED A BRIBE
Supervisor Charles W. Garrett of Fresno
County Indicted by a Grand
Jury.
FRESNO, Dec. 7.— Supervisor Charles W. Garrett was Indicted by the
Grand Jury this morning on a charge of having received a bribe of
$150 in connection with the purchase last August of a road sprinkler
at a cost of $900. The true bill returned by the Grand Jury was present
ed to Judge Rlsley at 10 o'clock. Then the jury returned to make fur
ther Investigation into the same affair. At 4 o'clock a bench warrant was
Issued on the indictment and placed In the hands of Deputy Sheriff Peck,
who served it on the Supervisor shortly after the board had adjourned.
Garrett was not taken by surprise; in fact, he had been informed that
he had been indicted and was looking after bondsmen. His bond was fixed
in the sum of $5000 by Judge Risley and he gave bail with Jeff Ames, Adolph
Shields, John Kerr and Frank "Wickersham as sureties.
According to the findings of the Grand Jury, Garrett received $150 as a
bribe to vote for a road sprinkler for his district, which was bought for
$900. It was purchased from the Hopkins Agricultural Works, of which
James K. Hopkins is president.
Garrett was summoned before the Grand Jury and admitted having re
ceived $150 from Hopkins about a week after the purchase of the sprinkler,
but claimed that he merely borrowed it and had paid $40 of the amount
back.
Supervisor Ward bought a sprinkler from the same firm and also bor
rowed money from Mr. Hopkins; It Is understood that two more indictments
on the same transaction will be returned to-morrow.
The arrest of Garrett caused a big sensation in political circles and the
further action of the Grand Jury is awaited with the greatest interest.
ROMANCE OF AN
ARMY HARDTACK
Begins Beautifully, but
Ends Sadly.
LOUISA DUGAN'S GRIEF
BECOMES ENGAGED TO PRIVATE
ROBERT J. BROWN.
Upon His Return From Cuba He Be
comes an Embezzler and Flees
on the Eve of His
Wedding.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEDALIA, Mo., Dec. 7. — An army
hardtack brought a season of happi
ness and then one of grief to pretty
Louise Dugan of East Sedalia, and
started a romance which had a most
unhappy ending last nifeht. When the
war with Spain broke out, Robert J.
Brown was doing well as an insurance
agent in San Francisco, but he was
anxious for a brush with the Dons,
and joined the regular army. When his
regiment passed through Sedalia last
May, hundreds of pretty maidens were
at the depot to wave tiny flags and
cheer the boys in blue. Brown saw
Miss Dugan and handed her a hardtack
upon which was written his name,
number of his company and regiment,
with the request, "Write to me." A
correspondence commenced and re
sulted in an engagement.
Brown was among the soldiers who
; faced shot and shell at San Juan Hill,
: where he was wounded while charging
' the Spanish trenches. When he recov
; ered from his wounds he Avas honor-
I ably discharged for physical disability
i and then came direct to Sedalia, mak
i ing his home at the Dugan residence.
1 While in the army he became a slave
!to drink. He succeeded in hiding his
failing from his bride to be, but it led
him into using his employer's money.
Knowing that his shortage with the in
surance company was liable to be dis
covered at any moment he fled the city
at the hour his bride expected to be
married to him and the wedding party
waited for him in vain. It was almost
midnight before Miss Dugan would be
lieve that she had been deserted. Then
she fainted and the guests departed.
RAISED TO THE RANK
OF MAJOR GENERAL
i Brigadiers Guy V. Henry, U. S. A.,
and Leonard Wood, U. S. V.,
Named for Promotion.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 7.— The President
to-day sent these nominations to the Sen
ate:
To ho major generals— Brigadier General
' Guy V. Henry. I". S. A.; Brigadier Gen
1 eral Leonard Wood, U. S. V.
The nominations to-day' also include the
officers of the navy advanced for eminent
and conspicuous conduct in battle, among
■ thorn being Rear Admirals Sampson and
Schley and officers who fought in the
' Spanish -war. It also includes the list of
: officers of the Marine Corps who were
I brevetted and advanced, as well as the
: regular promotions in the navy which
i have heretofore been published.
The President has also made the follow
; ing civil appointments:
Eldon M. Brattain, Register of the Land
i Office at Lakeview. Or.
William Gamlin. Agent for thfe Indians
1 of the Sac and Fox Agency in lowa.
William T. Fox. Register of the Land
| Office at Lander, Wyo.
Mrs. Minnie Williams, to be Receiver
of Public Moneys at Lander, Wyo.
Jule M. Hartley of Missoula. Mont., to
i be a Commissioner to examine and clas-
s ify lands in land grant limits of the
I Northern Pacific Railroad Company in
the Missoula land district.
FILIPINOS COINING TO
REMOVE MISAPPREHENSION
HONGKONG, Dec. 7.— General Rie-
wodidos and Dr. Lesdajluna, repre
sentatives of the Filipino junta, started
to-day for Washington under instruc-
; tions "to endeavor to remove mis
i apprehension and suspicion and culti
• vate the friendliest relations with the
! American Government and people."
Yolo Farmers' Institute.
WOODLAND. Dec. ".—A Farmers' In
stitute will be held in this city soon. The
following committee has been appointed
i to make the necessary arrangements and
prepare a programme: M. Diggs, H. E
Coil. C. H. Hoppin. T. B. Gibson. T. S.
Spaulding. Miss Carrie Blowers and
; Asse'tnblyman-elect Pierce of Davisvllle.
! Professors D. T. Fowler and R. H.
I Loughridge of the University of Califor
| nia will attend the meetings and de
! liver addresses on topics of benefit and
! interest to the farmers and fruit men.
Woodland Native Honored.
WOODLAND, Dec. 7.— Grand President
Conley of the Native Sons has appointed
A. C. Huston, a young attorney of this
city, deputy grand president for a San
Francisco district.
CASSIAR COUNTRY
IS RICH IN GOLD
Reports of Discoveries
Confirmed.
STAMPEDE NEXT YEAR LIKELY
REMARKABLE FINDS MADE BY
PROSPECTORS,
Locations Kept Secret Until the For
tunate Argonauts Can Provide
for Themselves and
Friends.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Dec. 7.— Authentic news
has been received at Wrangel. con
firming the recent reports of new placer
discoveries in the Cassiar mining
country and also to the westward of
Teslin, between Teslin Lake and the
Atlin district. J. H. Rose of Fargo,
manager of the Alaska Mining and
Commercial Company, predicts at
Wrangel that there will be a great
stampede to the Cassiar placers next
summer. Rose's company sent several
men into that country this year under
his direction. One of these found a
stream from which in four days he
alone washed nineteen ounces of gold.
These diggings are reached by way
of the Stickeen River and the road to
Teslin Lake. Their exact location will
not be made public until locations are
made by the party of men whom Rose
will pilot in next spring. Rose is of
the opinion that a railroad will yet be
built from Glf-nora to Teslin. result
ing, he says, in the immediate opera
tion of a number of quartz claims, upon
which assessment work has been done.
Just before Rose left Clenora pros
pectors arrived with new/ of rich
placer discoveries to the northwest of
Teslin, in the direction of Lake Atlin.
Several creeks yielded 10 cents and
upward per pun, and gold was found
from the grass roots down.
Their description shows that these
diggings, and the general characteris
tics of the country, are similar to the
Atlin district. At Glenora. in fact,
there is little doubt that they are on
the eastern edge of the Atlin gold belt.
Several of the lucky prospectors mak
ing these finds are in the employ of
Frank Calbreath, a storekeeper at
Glenora, and John Wright, who keeps
a store at Teslin. Wright attached so
much importance to the find that, de
spite the lateness of the season, he
abandoned his business and has gone
to verify the reports. It is probable
the new diggings will be best reached
via Atlin Lake, in which event the in
tervening country will also be explored.
Rose and his mon will takp into the
Cassiar district next spring modern ap
pliances for developing both placer
and quartz propositions.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT
GROWERS PROTEST
Petition Against Reciprocal Agree
ment With Greece Laid Before
the President.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 7.— Each member
of the California delegation received to
day from the California Fruit Growers'
Association a protest against the pro
posed agreement with Greece concerning
fruit importations. Greece has been en
deavoring for some time to reach a re
ciprocal agreement which would give her
currants nnd raisins certain advantages.
The Zante. currant people of California
are therefore protesting against the
conclusion of any reciprocal agreement
which would admit the raisins of Greece
by the payment of a minimum duty.
Senator Perkins called on tile Presi
dent and Secretary of State and presented
the remonstrance to-day.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 7.— At the regular
meeting of the directors of the Chamber
of Commerce to-day a resolution was
adopted earnestly protesting against the
negotiation of any treaty or the making
of any agreement involving any change
in the tariff with reference to currants or
other fruits. This action was taken be
cause of the reference made by President
McKinley in his message, to the complaint
of the Government of Greece that the
duty imposed on currants of that country
was unjust, the product not coming into
competition with any domestic product.
CALIFORNIA TROOPS
TO COME HOME FIRST
DENVER, Dec. 7.— The Rocky Mountain
News prints the following telegram from
Secretary Alger, dated Washington, De
cember 6:
"It is proposed to send regular regi
ments to relieve the volunteers in Manila
just as soon as transportation can be se
cured. The volunteers will be returned to
the United States in the order in which
they left."
This will bring the troops back in the
following order: First California, First
Oregon. First Colorado, Tenth Pennsyl
vania and the Utah Battery.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan., 1017-1023 Mission.
LYNCH LAW
IN PROSPECT
AT DEL MAR
Reign of Terror in the
Town.
DRINKING WATER POISONED
CRIMES OF INCENDIARIES AND
VANDALS.
Citizen Ordered to Leave the Place
Arms Himself and Issues
a Defiance to the f
Vigilantes.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO, Dec. 7.— Del Mar,
twenty miles north of this city, is
aroused over a series of depredations
committed by some unknown person,
and it is not improbable that a lynch
ing will take place if the identity of
the culprit becomes known. A vigilance
committee has been organized, and
Uri Bennett, prom-'-' - of the hotel
that burned there yesterday morning,
has been ordered to leave town within
forty-eight hours. Mr. Bennett refuses
to do so and defies any one to lay a
hand on him. He goes about the streets
armed with a Winchester, and to-day
posted a notice on the postofflce door
that if any one desired to serve papers
on him he could do so through the post
office.
The excitement runs high In the
town. Trouble has been brewing for
months between cor*"'" factions there,
and on Thanksgiving night the big
tank and windmill which supplied the
town with water was burned. There
was no doubt that the work was that
of an incendiary, and as the calamity
was a public one there was talk imme
diately of organizing a vigilance com
mittee and driving the incendiary ouj
of the town. G. W. Bennett, who
owned the property, made no apparent
move to learn who had done him the in
jury.
A night or two later the office of the
Justice of the Peace was wrecked, and
two days afterward a bag of strychnine
was found in a barrel of water used
for drinking purposes by the section
men.
Affairs came to a climax early yester
day morning when the hotel burned
with all its contents. The building
was erected during the "boom" at a
cost of $5000 or more, and stood in the
name of Mrs. Uri Bennett, the wife of
the manager and sister-in-law of
George W. Bennett.
The next surprise in the list of sensa
tions was the notice of a committee of
citizens which was served on Uri Ben
nett, ordering him to leave the town
within forty-eight hours. For his part
Mr. Bennett procured a rifle and a belt
of ammunition, and at last accounts
was marching the streets of the little
town defying the constables, vigilance
committee and citizens generally to lay
a finger on him, and declaring that he
would *not leave the town until he got
ready to do so.
Inquiry fails to show exactly why Mr.
Bennett has been selected as the un
desirable citizen. He certainly did not
burn the hotel, as he was in San Diego
on Monday night.
MORGAN ASSAILS
THE NICARAGUA
GOVERNMENT
Continued from — lr«l Page.
cessionary incidents to a corporation
chartered for such great purpose."
Attention is then called to the fact
that the concession provides for the
submission of any dispute to arbitra
tion, and it is claimed that this provi
sion operates to prevent any arbitrary
action on the part of Nicaragua.
Dwelling upon Nicaragua's course in
the matter, the committee says:
"How this unexampled condition is
to be dealt with otherwise than by an
express and determined attitude on the
part of the United States is a question
that carries with it the danger of seri
ous embroilment in the near future.
If Nicaragua is not held to the per
formance of her agreement, years will
elapse and many dangers will be en
countered before even a start can be
made toward the construction of a
canal."
COLOMBIA WILL GRANT
EXTENSION OF TIME
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, IS9B. by James Gor
don Bennett.
PANAMA, Colombia, Dec. 7.— 1 am In
a position to state by the very highest
authority that the statement from
Washington to the effect that an ex
tension of time has been refused to the
new canal company in which to con
struct the canal is absolutely false.
I have just seen a dispatch from Bo
gota which says the bill had passed its
second reading, but Congress having
been called in extraordinary session for
o?ily twenty days, which time has al
ready expired, the measure was laid
over.
Another dispatch states that in view
of the paramount importance of the
question the President will again con
voke Congress to deal with the canal
bill, when it is almost certain an ex
tension of time will be granted.
HOUSE MAY DEFEAT
THE MORGAN BILL
NEW YORK, Dec. 7.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald tele
graphs: Everything is ready for the
big fight over the Nicaraguan canal
bill. At a special meeting of the Nica
raguan Canal Committee this morning
it was decided to report the Morgan
bill to the Senate at once and to press
it for immediate consideration. Not
discouraged by the gloomy outlook in
the House the friends of the mea3;:ro
are combining their forces for a prompi
and vigorous campaign in the Senate.
They believe they will succeed, but with
Speaker Reed arrayed in the opposition
in the House they have almost de
spaired of securing action by that body
during the present session. Interviews
I have had with leading members dur
ing the last few days indicate that the
fight for favorable action in the Hous<
is hopeless.
CLAMORING FOR
INDEPENDENCE
Filipinos Have Not Lost
i Hope.
WOULD REIMBURSE AMERICA
BELIEVE THEY CAN PUB-CHASE
FREEDOM.
■■■•■■ ■'-— »" ■ ''-:'■■'• ■■■■■"
Transport Newport, Bearing General
Miller and Staff, Casts
Anchor in Manila ;;
' \ Harbor. ; }) :
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MANILA, Dec. 7.— The native press
continues to advocate independence and
reimbursement to the United States of
the amount to be paid Spain for the
Philippines. The Independencia thinks
this course the only Just one. It in
sists that the Filipinos have aided the
Americans solely because they believed
they were fighting for independence.
The paper quotes liberally from Presi
dent McKinley's last speech in Chicago
to support its contention that the
Americans are pledged jto give the
Filipinos independence.
Aguinaldo and his principal advisers
fully recognize the importance of a
strong protectorate in some form. One
of the advisers has even ventured the
assertion that if the Filipinos were
granted independence in accordance
with the demand of the leaders the
United States would be asked to estab
lish a protectorate, as otherwise the
Philippines must sooner or later become
the prey of a less liberal-minded coun
try.
This statement Is borne out by the at
titude of the better class of Filipinos
In the vicinity of Manila. The numer
ous stories as to hostility felt and dis
played on their part toward the Ameri-
cans are without foundation. The
United States authorities expect on the
part of the natives a peaceful accept
ance of the inevitable.
The United States transport New
port, bearing General Miller and staff
and the First Battalion of the Twen
tieth Kansas Regiment, with the
Wyoming Light Battery, which left
San Francisco on November 8, arrived
to-day, closely following the City of
Puebla, which arrived yesterday with
Lieutenant Colonel Childers, twenty
five officers and COO men, including five
companies of the First Tennessee,
Troop A of the Nevada Volunteer Cav
alry, a detachment of recruits for the
Twenty-third Infantry and a detach
ment for the California Heavy Artil
lery.
To provide for the accommodation of
these newcomers will necessitate the
transfer of a number of United States
troops outside the limits of the city
proper.
SHERMAN OPPOSES
COLONIAL POLICY
Ex-Senator's Letter to the Anti
linperialist League of
Boston.
BOSTON, Dec. 7.— At a meeting of
the Anti-Imperialist League executive
committee to-day, a letter was read
from John Sherman, saying:
My hope is that the Senate of the United
States will reject the treaty and leave
the people of the Islands free from the
shackles of Spain and the distant domina
tion of the United States. I sympathize
with Aguinaldo in his ambition to found
a republic in the China Sea near the
equator, and hope he may become the
v ashington of a new nation, absolutely
free from European and American in
fluence.
Bishop Potter of New York and
James G. Carter of New York were
added to the list of vice presidents of
the league. More than 500 petitions pro
testing against an imperialistic policy
regarding Spain's conquered posses
sions have been received at the Wash
ington and Boston offices of the league,
each petition bearing many signatures.'
It was decided to-day to begin at once
presenting the petitions to the Senate.
WRITES LETTERS
SAYING HE WILL
KILL HIMSELF
Eugene Hoffman May
Be a Corpse.
A WATER FRONT ROMANCE
EDUCATED GERMAN TIKES OF
STRUGGLE WITH POVERTY.
Said to Be Connected With the Aris
tocracy of Germany, With
Wealthy Relatives in
New York.
Eugene Hoffman, said to be connected
with the aristocracy of Germany and with
wealthy relatives in New York, but who
for some time past has been eking out a
precarious existence doing odd jobs along
the water front, is believed to have com
mitted suicide some time last night.
"Ere this letter reaches its destination
my weary head and aching heart will be
at rest forever," he wrote to his friend,
Joseph Plante, yesterday. "I intend to
take poison to-night and then to make
the wretched affair certain fasten weights
to my neck and slip off an isolated wharf
into the bay."
When Piante, who is a longshoreman, re
turned to his home at the Zunkaiser Hoff,
816 Sansome street, at the end of his
day's work, he found the letter tucked un
der his door. In it was enclosed a simi
lar epistle, addressed to Frank Johnston,
another friend of Hoffman. Plante hast
ened to the California street police sta
tion with the letters and Lieutenant
Esola detailed Officer Garrison to investi
gate the case. The officer learned enough
to satisfy him that the despondent Ger
man had not made the threat in a spirit
of bravado, but was in deadly earnest
when he announced his intention to end
his life. H. Love, foreman for Charles
W. Haseltine, the stevedore, who lives at
11 Green street, where Hoffman also had
a room, says the latter borrowed 25 cents
of him yesterday .and that later he saw
a bottle of strychnine on a table in Hoff
man's room. Early in the afternoon Hoff
man locked his door with a padlock and
went away. He has not been seen since,
and It is believed that his dead body will
be found floating in the bay if it is not
held at the bottom by weights.
Love had frequently given the man em
ployment, but he did not take kindly to
the rough work and would not stick to it
more than a few clays at a time. He be
came so unreliable that even this method
of earning sufficient to keep body and soul
together was at last, closed to him. Then
he began to intimate to those with whom
he was more or less intimate that he
would put an end to worry by committing
suicide.
Hoffman had resided at the Green-street
house for about a year. He is described
as a fine-looking man. about 40 years old,
standing about 5 feet 10 inches and weigh
ing ISO pounds: with black hair and a
heavy black mustache. He was well edu
cated, as the chirography and grammati
cal construction of his letters show. YVhila
he seldom spoke of his personal affairs or
the reasons for his becoming an outcast,
from remarks he dropped from time to
time it is believed his fall from grace was
primarily due to domestic troubles. He
kept a large number of papers In his
room, and they may aid in throwing some
light on his previous existence, provided
he did not destroy them previous to car
rying out his threat.
Travelers at the Play.
Members of the California Commercial
Travelers' Association will lay aside the
cares of business to-night and attend the
performance of "Cyrano de Bergerac" at
the Tivoli. The men who compose tha
•well-known organization have looked for
ward to their annual theater party and
to-night they will rill the opera house.
Representatives of the large wholesale
houses of this city and hundreds of re
tailers compose the association. Presi
dent Alex McDonald. Vice-President Har
ry Stokes, Harry Roessler and Secretary
Charles H. McLane have exerted them
selves to make the annual affair a suc
cess, and judging by the number of tick
ets already disposed of, it cannot be other
wise.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Jgs One of a healthy
f""VJj|jQSp'*" N N. woman ' 3 princi-
A tSSL^i&XH. jK P?* charms is her
/m RttiF^iet^H^k vivacity of - car- -
/£ Jiff!! *""lßitt\ ria ? ce ~ the dainty.
m %y^^^iSmm^. springy steps with
,3a By* 3 /*. "^«|w«RHHBI which she walks.
xWmVf .{=• \ V ■ c^x^l The woman who
\tw U^J>)\ 1 / Ujm sun " ers from weak-
\Bl /a\ taJ Ir^di ness and disease
\?T^» \P-/ft^P of VV 1 *. distinctly)
vki&hsi V^^f f em ii n mei ne organ-
■ « i ism, who is troub-
**■ I\\ 'I e^ with back-
1 Ji V' J aches, stitches in
£gll » \ 71 the sides, drag*
UJ\\v '• 1c Ring down or
$ffi i\\ i \ burning sens*
C 5 \vs. I\\ tions, sick head-
£ iV^ Ji I\\ aches and the
Self \V\sJLw/ !\VV multitude of other •
l£ W'^ *; A > ills tkat ac 9 om -
T\ (\( \ (( l/tfyZr ders, cannot have i
m/ > T\r^Kf&q&> *h e dainty, bound-
»Wfc« i/fi&bZl L afir ' n^ carriage of a
SrajMJr */^|? v <: healthy woman.
•^Ufawg^ jjA I*.- She will show in
■ ''■ ™-" every movement
I that she is a sufferer.
There is a wonderful medicine for troub-
| les of this description, that has stood the
j test for thirty years, and has been used suc-
j cessfully by many thousands of women. It
i is Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription. It
i acts directly on the delicate and important
j organs concerned and makes them strong,
I healthy and vigorous. It-allays inflamma-
* tion, heals ulceration and soothes pain. It
tones and builds up the nerves. It is the
j discovery of , Dr. R. V. Pierce, an eminent
j and skillful specialist, for thirty years chief
| consulting physician to the Invalids' Hotel
and Surgical Institute, at Buffalo, N. Y.
This is one of the greatest medical institu-
| tions in the whole world. During the thirty
| years that Dr. Pierce has been at its head
j he has gained the unbounded respect of
i his fellow citizens at Buffalo, and they
j showed it by making him their representa-
tive in the National Congress, from which
position he resigned to give the remainder
■ of his life to the practice of his chosen
I profession. ' He will cheerfully answer, free
of charge, any letters written to him by
I suffering women. Address, as above.
"A few years ago," writes Mrs. W. R. Bates.
I of Dilworth, Trumbull Co., Ohio. " I took Doctor
I Pierces Favorite Prescription, which has been a
I great benefit to me. lam in excellent health
| now. I hope that every woman, who is troubled
i with 'women's ills,' will try the 'Prescription"
! and be benefited as I have been." - v . ■'
AN XMAS GIFT FROM SANTA
GLAUS "
Will be the exquisite whiteness of
Christmas snow that we will lay upon
your shirt "■ bosom, collars and cuffs.
Those who know a good thing when
they see it will appreciate the faultless
work that we put on their linen in color
and perfect finish. Sample it.
The United States Laundry,' office
1004 Market street Telephone
South 420
i :—:: — : . . —
fAsk Your
DRUGGIST
for a generous.
TRIAL SIZE.
Ely's Cream Balm
• •'■■ ■ for ■ ,
CATARRH
, Cream Calm is "' placed Into the nostrils,
spread over, the ; membrane and Is absorbed.
Relief is Immediate and a cure follows. It is
not drying— does not produce sneezing. Large,
50c: Trial Size, 10c; at Druggists or by mall.
ELY BROTHERS, 56 Warren St.. New York.
i^^'^^r ' WHEN YOU
/«P^f^j^^S«L Require an ELEC-
B^K^StRIC-BELT get "Dr.
Pierces" and you will
• •■ > fs{j|L'^ s not be : disappointed.
' "*/ET», Call or address PIERCE
IX ' ELECTRIC CO., 620
Mark»<;i. (opp. Palace Hote'), S. F. . .
Use f^ik and •
Facial Soap "' : &* 7 Facial Cream.
If anything ails your Skin, Scalp, Complex-^
ion or Hair, • call on ' or write * Dermatologist
JOHN H. WOODBURY, 127 West 42d St., New
York. 163 State St., Chicago. Use Woodbury'«
Facial Soap, Facial Cream, Facial and ; Tooth .
Powder. •.' Sold everywhere. . ; ■ ■ ■ ■■'* '--'-
DR.MCNULTY.
THIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
I L .Specialist curr.i Private. Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases O: Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of .Men. free. Over 20y*rs' experience.
PatieutscuredatHorae. Terms reasonable. Hours 9 •
to3dally:6.3otf)B:X) Stimiays, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call.oraddreM
• ; P. noscoß MeXCLTT, M.D.
26^ Kearny St., (San Francisco, C*L
84
MORE OF THE
METHODS OF
MAJOR MOORE
His Secret Deal With
Wong Sam.
TOLD OF CONTEMPLATED RAID
MANY INSTANCES OF TREASURY
AGENT'S DUPLICITY.
Exposure of His Escapades Drives
Him Into a Cider Debauch.
Sequel to a Famous
Luncheon.
Major Horace A. Moore, Sppclal Aprent
of the Treasury, has taken to dissipation
Fince The Call's exposure of his detestable
conduct toward a defenseless woman.
Major Moore has long: made it his boast
that he was strictly temperate In his
habits, that no intoxicants ever passed his
lips, and his abhorrence of those who did
tipple was expressed in the most violent
terms.
Cut last Monday, after his hidden life
had been given to the world, the major
grew desperate, and, summoning a mes
senger, he dispatched him for two gallons
of the juice of the apple. i*he messenger
soon returned wiih a huge demijohn, and
the major proceeded to Inaugurate a
wild, to-hades-with-my-enemies cider de
bauch that must astonish those who have
looked upon the major as a model man.
But while Moore has been reveling In
tys cider jag others have been busy dig
ging Into his record, with the result that
fresh charges have been forwarded to the
Treasury Department, one of which may
cost him much more than his position.
This charge, which is fully substantiated,
accuses the Treasury Agent of having
'tipped off" to Wong Sam, a Chinese
broker at 81S Washington sireet, the time
Bet for the famous "Omaha raid." Brieily,
the Omaha raid was a round-up of the
Chinese men and women who were landed
on special certificates for the purpose of
participating in the Omaha Fair. They
were obliged to return to China within
three months after the close of the expo
sition, but many of them escaped and
made their way to San Francisco.
The raid was planned by Moore and
Collector of Customs Jackson, those two
being the only ones to know of it. Some
lime before the raid The Call gave a list
nf the women thus unlawfully remaining
in this country, the houses in Chinatown
where they were held as chattels and the
prices paid" for them by their owners. The
i.ay of the publication of this list a Call
reporter called on Major Moore, who at
demanded to know the source of
The Call's information. The reporter de
clined to tell, and the major continued:
"1 know well enough you got it from
Wong Sam. He's trying to blackmail
those people." .
That statement was a practical admis
sion that Moore and the Chinaman were
'•doing: business" with one another. Wong
Fa.ni may have endeavored to blackmail
those people, but if so the question natur
ally arises how Major Moore knew he
had any knowledge of them or what his
object was, unless the major waa in part
nership with Sam.
After the raid Moore, in company with
Miss. Cameron of the Presbyterian Mls
k'iii, wi nt to District Attorney Foote's
t ili.«'. Moore told Foote that two of the
raptured women claimed to have been
born in Ran Francisco and had never been
but of the State. Moore admitted that he
had no evidence against them. Foote re
plled that under the circumstances all he
could do would be to enter a nolle pros
In their cases, to which Moore answered
that anything Foote did would be satis
factory to them. This was done and
Moore then told the reporters that Foot©
had turned two of the women loose and
Insinuated that there was something
{rooked in the affair. When A. H. Yordl,
counsel for the women, saw that he took
the District Attorney to task for dismiss
ing the cases without consulting him.
Foote was wroth over the imputation and
told the reporters all about Muore's du
plicity.
Something like a year and a half ago
DeWltt C. Jackson, now a resident of
Brooklyn, N. V., was a special deputy
under Moore. Somebody preferred charges
of dereliction of duty against Jackson.
Moore wrote to the Secretary of the
Treasury stating that there was no truth
whatever In the charges. He showed the
letter to Jackson and then sent it to
Washington. A day or two later Moore
Wrote another letter stating that he was
i"iivinced the charges were true and se
cretly mailed it to the Secretary. Both
letters were on file in the department
und will be used at Moore's trial as fur
ther proof of his duplicity.
There is also on file in the Treasury De
partment a communication from B. E.
Meredith, chief of the Chinese Bureau,
charging that he accused Major Moore
with having secretly given certain Infor
mation to the press and that Moore re
plied that the reporters "had him in a
corner" and he was forced to tell them
what he knew.
One of the major's love affairs that
promises to be fully ventilated with the
others is that In which the putative wife
nf Foss, the smuggler, was the recipient
of his attentions for a long time after
Fosß was sent to San Quentln. It is al
leged that Moore, who was active In the
prosecution of the Foss-Ciprico gang
was possessed of considerable evidence
against the woman, but Instead of having
her placed on trial, he lavished his at
tentions upon her to such an extent that
the oouple became the subject of com
tnon gossip around the Federal building
It is certain that there was much truth
In the rumors that the major's love affair
was only prevented from being given to
the world by Major Moore purchasing
the exclusive privilege of reading the
story.
There is a sequel to the famous lunch
eon in which Moore and Sam Ruddell
Indulged. Moore invited Ruddell to
lunch one day when Rnddell was deputy
rollcctor under W. T>. Knclish, and after
enjoying a juicy duck, with accessories
walked out of the restaurant, leaving
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IS . ■ Q
Pears'
Pretty boxes and odors
«re used to sell such
soaps as no one would
touch if he saw them un-
disguised. Beware of a
soap that depends on
something outside of it.
Pears', the finest soap
in the world is scented or
not, as you wish; and the
money is in the merchan-
dise, not in the box. ■
All sorts of stores sell it, especially
druggists; all sorts of v * people are
using it.
FIRED BEHIND HIS EAR.
The Marital Troubles of William J. Martin, a
Bartender, and His Wife, Eva, End in Her
Attempting to Murder Him.
DRIVEN* to desperation by th«
cruel treatment and threats of her
husband, Mrs. Eva Martin tired
three shots from a revolver at
him yesterday morning, but only one
took effect.
The husband Is William J. Martin,
a barkeeper, at present out of employ
ment, lie and his Wife separated
about two weeks ago, and she engag
ed a room at 119 Ninth street. Mar
tin had been writing her urging her
to return to him, but she paid no at
tention to his letters. On Tuesday she
received a note from him to meet him
in a room In the St. David's House,
and she went, determined that It would
be the last interview she would have
with him.
The interview was not a pleasant
one, and she put an end to It as soon
as possible, telling him to go his way
and she would go hers. Martin refused
to allow her to go out of his sight.
and followed her home. He threat
ened that if *he persisted in not liv
ing with him he would kill her. She
was afraid of him, and temporarily
gave In to his demands. Yesterday
morning she wanted him to get up
and provide breakfast for her. He used
an offensive term, and turned his back
to her. pretending that he was going
to sleep again. She was seized with a
desire to teach him a lesson, and, pro
curing a revolver, placed the muzzle
behind his left ear and fired three
shots In rapid succession.
Alarmed at what she had done, she
rushed out of the room and went to
the grocery underneath the lodging
house. A telephone message was sent
to the Southern police statfon, ana
Ruddell to pay the bill. The following
day Mr. English sent for Ruddell and
gravely informed him that serious
charges had been preferred against him
by Special Agent Moore. Mr. English
proceeded to read the charges, which
alleged that on the preceding day Ruddell
had occupied an hour and a half at
luncheon; that on the way to his meal he
had drunk a cocktail; that at lunch he
had eaten an underdone duck, which was
altogether too rich food to be taken into
the stomach; that he also consumed one
bottle of wine, all of which was preju
dicial to the good of the service. Ruddell
admitted the truth of the charges and
was subjected to his superior's reproaches
for not having been made a party to the
feast. It was at first thought that the
charges were in the nature of a joke on
Moore's part, but later events proved
that It was but another Instance of his
despicable methods of getting others into
trouble.
ESCAPED WITH A WETTING.
Attorney General Fitzgerald's Daugh
ter, While Walking on the Beach,
Falls Into the Surf.
Miss Helen K. Fitzgerald, the only
daughter of Attorney General W. F. Fitz
gerald, while walking on the beach near
Fort Point yesterday, fell into the surf.
She was quickly pulled out by one of the
many people in the vicinity, and was tak
en to a near-by boat house to await her
father's arrival.
An evening paper devoted much space
and black type to a recital of her allo^d
narrow escape, and the Attorney General
is much pained thereat. When seen yes
terday he said his daughter had gone
out to witness a game of golf, and. tiring
of the scene, had walkea. as was her
usual custom, along the beach, which la
level and perfectly safe. "Being interest
ed in drawing," he said, "3Tlss Helen was
in search of a subject when, overcome
by exhaustion, she fell into the water.
She was not in a particle of danger, and
the man who pulled her out was only wet
to the knees. As soon as I was apprised
of my daughter's accident I hurried to
her and tooK her home in a carriage. She
is now entirely recovered from her dip.
I regret exceedingly the undue notoriety
given to the incident."
The srtarbuck's Crew.
The burned ship W. IT. Starbuck, -with
lumber from Port Blakeley for South
Africa, shipped a crew on October 5, the
names of which were sent from Port
Townsend Tuesday night. When ready
for sea this crew deserted, which caused
delay In sailing, on account of the scarcity
of men.
Following ia a correct list of the crew, as
shown by the shipping articles: Henry
McDonald, master; Charles McDonald,
mate; H. Peterson, age 35, native of
Norway; Y. Lostrand, Finland, 27; J.
Smith, Finland. 45; Domingo Perez, Chile,
26; A. L. Wahlstrom. Sweden, 19; W. P.
Webster. America, 18; Pateny Dorphy,
Liverpool, 42; William Jones, London, 21;
Manuel Soto, Chile, 21; J. J. Jones, Can
ada, 22; Olof Cook, Germany, 21; Antone
Decosta, Cape Verde Islands. 38; Otto E.
Watt, Germany, 35; T. Tusen, Ger
many, 30.
Primary Law Discussed.
A meeting of the sub-committee on
primary law was held last evening in the
Crocker building. Many suggestions were
advanced and fully discussed. After con
siderable debate it was decided to refer
the whole matter to Senator Stratton and
T. Carl Spelling for full consideration.
They will report the progress of their
work at the next meeting of the whole
committee, to be held next Monday even
ing in the office of M. M. Estee.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER S, 1898.
Policemen McQuade and Klnch were
sent to Investigate. They found Mrs.
Martin in the grocery, and she admit
ted that she had fired the shots at her
husband. She asked them to allow
her to go upstairs for her coat and
hat, and they went up with her. Mar
tin opened the door to admit them,
and when the officers saw blood oozing
from a wound behind his left ear they
rang for the patrol wagon and had him
conveyed to the Receiving Hospital.
Dr. Kinne found that only one bullet
had taken effect, and it had entered
the mastoid process of the temporal
bone and inflicted a painful but not
dangerous wound. Martin was so nerv
ous that no attempt was made to ex
tract the bullet. His ear and hair were
powder marked.
Mrs. Martin was taken to the City
Prison and a charge nf assault to mur
der was booked agninst her. She is a
pleasant-faced woman about 27 jrettl
of age. Her first Inquiry was as to the
nature of her husband's wound, and
when told that it was not dangerous
she said: "I am so glad, as I only did
it to scare him. After six years of
married life I was forced to leave him
owing to his cruel treatment. When
he got intoxicated, which was very
often, he would abuse me shamefull".
I have been a good wife to him and I
love him now better than any other
man in the world. He threatened to
kill me last night and I was afraid
he would carry out his threat. It was
therefore his life or mine." She would
not admit that jealousy had anything
to do with the shooting.
Martin did everything he could to
shield his wife. He said he was asleep
CATHOLICS OBSERVE
A SACRED FEAST
IMMACULATE CONCEPTION TO BE
SOLEMNLY COMMEMORATED.
Services in All the Catholic Churches
Throughout the City— History
of the Devotion.
The annual feast of the Immaculate
Conception will be solemnly commemorat
ed to-day In the Catholic churches
throughout the city. Masses will be cele
brated as on Sundays and the day will be
one of strict obligation. At St. Mary's
Cathedral the first mass will be said at 6
o'clock in the morning and the last at
10:30 o'clock, which will be solemn high
in form. In the evening benediction and
the rosary will constitute the religious
service and conclude the solemnities of
the day.
At St. Ignatius Church, in addition to
the regular service by the congregation,
special exercise* in honor of the feast will
be held l>y the members of the Gentle
men's Sodality and other organizations of
the church in their respective assembly
halls in the basement of the church build
ing on Hayes street.
The annual celebration of this divine
prerogative granted the Virgin has be
come general throughout the entire world
where the principles of Christianity exist.
The history of the devotion is both inter
esting and instructive. It is taught in the
church that in order to bring forth the
Redeemer the Virgin must have had a
prerogative superior to humanity. It is
contended that the Sovereign Judge must
have suspended the general effect of his
severe law in favor of her who came Into
the world for no other purpose than to
contribute to the accomplishment of the
most secret, most incomprehensible of
the works of God— the incarnation of the
Messiah. Notwithstanding the silence of
the gospel, it has been generally believed
that the Virgin, with a view to her divine
maternity, was held back, as it were, on
the brink of the abyss which the fatal
disobedience of our first parents opened
under our feet, und that her conception
was as immaculate as her life.
This belief, which the Greeks borrowed
from Palestine, and adopted with enthusi
asm, led to the institution of the Feast of
the Immaculate Conception, which was
celebrated at Constantinople as early as
the sixth century. William the Conqueror
established the feast in Normanay as
early as 1074. From Normandy its observ
ance passed over to the English. The first
council of Oxford, held by Stephen Lang
ton, Archbishop of Canterbury, in the
year 1222. places It in the number of holi
days of obligation.
In France in the year 1288 a Bishop of
Paris, Renoul do Hombiere, left a consid
erable sum to found the office of this Feast
of the Virgin, which was introduced at
the same time in the territory of Lyons.
A manuscript of martyrology of the thir
teenth century, found in the library of the
Dominicans of Dijon, marks the feast of
the conception qn the Bth of December,
which shows conclusively that in the time
of St. Dominic it was almost universally
celebrated in the church.
Devotion to the Immaculate Conception
of the Virgin was popular in Western Eu
rope from the middle ages, but It is main
tained that Spain has shown the greatest
zi j al and ardor in the propagation of this
doctrine. The Spanish nation professes to
have celebrated it in the early part of the
seventh century. In 1394 Don John I of
Aragon instituted it. He claims, however,
that his predecessors had celebrated the
feast long before him.
In England and France the Feast of
in the room when some one shot him.
He saw a retreating figure, but could
not say whether it was that of a man
or woman. The wound in his head
caused him to fall to the floor and he
was unable to follow the figure.
In his pockets was found a pair of
brass knuckles, but he would not say
why he carried such a murderous
weapon. A letter was also found from
his wife, dated November 30, in whN'h
she referred to their separation and
his intention to leave the city. She
reiterated her love for him and chiried
him for vilifying her to her friends and
for his cruel treatment of her. She
accused him on more fhan one occa
sion of compelling her to place her life
In jeopardy.
Friends of Martin say that he will
not prosecute his wife and she will es
cape punishment.
Mary was called the Feast of the Nor
mans. As early as the year 1525 the Span
lards in Mexico erected the splendid
( athedral of Puebla de Los Angeles under
the invocation of the Immaculate Virgin.
JOY IN SUNSET VALLEY.
The Favored Section to Be Provided
With Water and Fire Pro
tection.
The determination of the Sunset Valley
Improvement Club to obtain from the
Supervisors both a water supply for do
mestic use and also protection against
fire has at last been rewarded. The
board on last Monday Instructed Clerk
Russell to advertise for bids for the erec
tion of an engine house on Tenth avenue,
between I and J streets. As soon as the
house is built a combination chemical en
gine and hose cart will ;be housed there.
This is precisely what the members of
the improvement club had been contend
ing for during the past two years and
now, having obtained It, they, with the
residents and property owners of the Sun
set Valley, are filled with joy.
■ Added to this much-needed tire protec
tion and with the view of rendering every
safeguard for the protection of the dwell
ings fifty-six hydrants will be distributed
throughout the valley. To meet all re
quirements in this direction the Spring
Valley Water Company has been notified
to run mains through all of the graded
streets In the Sunset section of the city
The. improvements here mentioned have
all been secured for the section south of
Golden Gate Park through the indomit
able persistency and pluck of such men
as President Keller and Edward Ewald
Jr., chairman of the executive committee
who labored consistently and ■ con"ci
tiously with the object of getting Sunset
Valey improved from its share , of the
PU tV C f ,f' ls Paid by its property owners.
It is thought that before the winter is
over an attempt will be made to continue
Dewey boulevard from its southern end
to the park, along Seventh avenue to X
street, where it has been extended on its
northern side. With the completion of
this boulevard one of the most pictur
esque drives in the city would be thrown
open, leading from the .Golden Gate Park
Into San Mateo County and the southern
portion of our own city.
The grading of Nineteenth avenue from
the park southward has been knocked in
the head, so to speak, for the present.
tiut it is. the intention of the promoters
of the scheme to again rally public
opinion and the Interest of some of the
property owners who have been opposed
to its grading as soon as the new board
of Supervisors is in office. ;' ■
■ The Market-street Railroad Company
has started on the branch line of Its elec
tric road from Oak street to the Affiliated
Colleges,, which will be the terminus or
the Frederick-street extension for th«
present. ■ ■■ ~ . . ■ ■ . ■
A Slight Shock.
OAKLAND, Dec. 7. - From several
places in this county come reports of a
Blight shock of earthquake to-night. The
shock, if any, was so slight that it was
not noticed here.
A Race Against Fire.
After a ten-days' fight to avoid death, the
crew of a steamer from Spain recently arrived
in Baltimore. In mldocean it was discovered
that flames were raging in the vessel's hold
For ten long days the crew bravely fought the
flames. If men would fight as persistently
against disorders of the stomach and diges
tive organs, there would be fewer premature
deaths. The best weapon for such a fight is
Hrmtetter's Stomach Bitters. It is the greatest
of tonics, and the b»i>t of r^med'es fcr Kidney,
liver, bladder and blood disorders.
MADE THREE
PIECES OF THE
PATRONAGE PIE
HowH arbor Employes
Were Selected.
COLNON'S FRANK TESTIMONY
EACH COMMISSIONER WAS GIV
EN A SLICE.
President of the Board I>espairs of
Civil Service and Yields
to the Pressure of
Politics.
The sessions of the Senate Investigat
ing Committee were enlivened yesterday
by the president of the State Board of
Harbor Commissioners, who was called to
the witness stand to give his opinion re
garding water front administration and
his views on the construction of the Unioa
ferry depot.
The versatile Mr. Colnon, who Is soon
to retire from public service, expressed
the opinion that the eastern gallery of
the depot as designed and constructed
was of no use whatever. The impression.
In the mind of the witness that architect
ure was not an exact science was stamped
again at every sight of the unoccupied
gallery.
Inquiry was directed by General Dick
inson regarding Mr. Robinson, who was
the superintendent of construction.
Commissioner Colnon said that Robin
son came to the board highly commended
as a capable man, who had built the
Stockton Insane Asylum under the direc
tion of Architect Percy. According to
the testimony Robinson was then a Re
publican and no evidence was adduced to
show that he had since changed his polit
ical faith.
When the attention of Mr. Colnon was
directed incidentally to the fact that the
mezzanine story of the depot is still un
finished the witness remarked that there
was no demand upon the part of the State
officers for offices in the building, hence
the decision was reached to cut out the
partitions. The State Mining Bureau and
State Board of Trade will occupy space
on that floor.
On the subject of wharves Mr. Colnon
said the biggest wharf in San Francisco
was a mere toy compared with the South
ern Pacific wharf at Santa Monica. Big
and enduring wharves of Puget Sound
were described. The piles in the substan
tial Spreckels wharf at San Diego cost
$50 apiece, so the witness had heard.
On the topic of special counsel fees the
president of the board testified that au
thority for employment of extra counsel
was derived from the Attorney General.
General Dickinson obtained a statement
from the secretary of amounts paid out
for extra counsel during the last two fis
cal years. F. S. Stratton received fees
as follows: $250, $500. $300, $300. $300, $750.
J. C. Campbell received $100 for an opin
ion. Meanwhile the regular attorney
Tirey L. Ford, received $4800. The amount
disbursed in four years ior legal services
VU ? 14. 050.
CpmmlmlOfiar Colnon, becoming genial
and ingenuous as the inquiry progressed,
took the committee into his confidence
ami gave his own Impression of the spoils
system as applied to the administration
of water front affairs. He spoke of the
purchasing bureau as a department of
great value, but to be useful it should be
divorced from politics. Adjoining the
quarters of the Doard's storekeeper he
remarked, is the office of the Southern
Pacific storekeeper. One man at a salary
of $12a serves the railroad company. He
supplies eighteen steamers, attends to the
laundry work and looks after many other
things. The board's storekeeper gets $175
a month and has an assistant receiving
$75. The witness said the board's store
keeper was appointed to act as a check
on the disbursement of supplies and a sav
ing of an amount equal to the salaries of
the Commissioners had been broueht
about.
Recurring again to politics on the water
front, Commissioner Colnon testified that
the number of employes could be cut
down. He called the water front the
••dumping ground of the halt from all
sections of the State."
"We have no more use for special police
than we have for soldiers," said Mr. Col
non. "I plead guilty to appointment of
two. One was appointed from Sierra
County on the demand of the Democrats
of that county. I had to appoint him or
get out myself."
Commissioner Harney suggested that
watchmen were employed years ago, and
that the special police took the place of
the watchmen; but the president of the
board insisted that the Harbor police
never made an arrest.
General L-ickinson asked Commissioner
Colnon to express his views regarding the
extension of the seawall south. Mr. Col
non remarked that a bill providing for the
prolongation of the wall passed the Legis
lature two years ago, but was vetoed by
Governor Budd because it allowed the ex
penditure of a very large amount of pub
lic money for advertising for proposals.
The Legislature, he thought, ought to
pass some kind of a measure for seawall
extension.
Assembling after the noon recess, Sen
ators Dickinson, Prisk and Boyce found
Commissioner Colnon reminiscent in fancy
and communicative as ever, in fact.
"Blessings brighten as they take their
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CURE FOR ASTHMA
/
DISCOVERY OF A LEADING
PHYSICIAN.
A Public Test Will Be Made To-
Day at William J. Bryan's
Drugstore.
All day to-day free sample packages of
the celebrated "Schlftmann's Asthma
Cure" will be given away at William J.
Bryan's drug store, 3 Now Montgomery
street, under Grand Hotel. ■ • -..
. The doctor wants each sufferer from
Asthma,; Hay ;■ Fever or Bronchitis in this
city to call and get one. When asked re-
garding his reasons for giving his remedy
away in this manner, he said: "People
are naturally skeptical about an astHma
remedy, and when you consider the num-
ber of so-called 'cures' on the market you
can hardly blame them. Now. I claim
that my Cure cures. It will Instantly re-
lieve the most violent attack. . It has per-
manently cured thousands who had : been
considered incurable. If I did not believe
It why should I be giving it away? The
sufferer who gets a sample package can
tell in two minutes whether it is as I rep-
resent it, .and it doesn't cost him a cent.
That is fair, isn't it?" ; ; .. .
'It certainly does not seem that anything
could be fairer. Those living out of town
can get a free sample by writing their
name and address (only) on a post card
addressed Dr. R. Scmffmann. 315 Rosabel i
street, St. Paul, Minn., up to December
15, not later. .
Mg^^Dß. HALL'S fiEINYIGORATOR
a?a^T^3K Five hundred reward for any casa
Br^ we c a nn °t cure. This secret remedy
stops losses In 24 hours, i cures
Five hundred reward for any casa
we cannot cure. This secret remedy
stops all losses in 24 hours, cures
JK3I BBS Emissions, I Impotency, Varicocele,
fTTI CWfl Oonbrrhoea, Gleet, Fits, Strictures,
Mad ifcfrJ Lost Manhood and all wasting ef-
__J4jSa fects of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
EVrTywafl sealed. s2 bottle; 3 bottles, Jo; guar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, 855 Broadway. Oakland, Cal. ' Also
for ; sale at • 1073^4 Market st., 3. F, All prt-
Vala <Hs»ag«g nnioviy cured. Send tor Xraa hook. .
I
flight," and as the Commissioner is about
; to take his flight back to Stockton he was
brighter than common when he told of
his efforts in the cause of civil service on
the water front. In all the vast popula
tion of enlightened and progressive people
in California he found but one sympa
thetic soul to join him in the good cause
; or civil service, and that was the soul of
bam Moffett. A letter was produced to
show that Sam promised to let his edi
torial work slide for a day and go down
to the board's office and mingle his aspi
rations with those of Commissioner Col- j
non for water front reform. Letters were
received from Hugh Craig, president of i
the Chamber of Commerce, and Theodore |
Roosevelt, president of the Civil Service !
Commission, but neither Craig nor Roose
velt agreed, like Sam Moffett, to go right
down to the brink of the water and battle
for the cause of civil service. Things
might have been different if Mr. Colnon
had not lost faith in his own ability. Ac
cording to his testimony yesterday, he
gave up the fight for reform and joined
the ranks of the spoilsmen.
General Dickinson, who was never
known to shy at a programme, asked:
"What is the system now, Mr. Colnon?"
Promptly the president of the board an- '
swered: "The plan is to cut the patron
age into three pieces as you would cut a
pie, and give each of the three commis
sioners his piece."
Commissioner Harney blushed a little
water front blushlet. and Rudolph Herold,
the new member, paled a trifle.
"Upon my word," continued the com
municative Mr. Colnon, "I did not know
that a certain man was an employe of the
board until It came out in the newspapers
that he had figured as a principal in a
prize-fight. Then I learned that he was
the chief of the sweeper?."
Genera.l Dickinson asked: "Is any. one
required to see that the employes perform :
their duty?"
Mr. Colnon replied: "The president of:
the board is supposed to see that em- i
ployes are attentive to their duties: but '
I have found it utterly futile to attempt |
alone to reform the spoils system. I could
not hold out against the internal pressure I
for places without being considered a I
crank."
Some questions were asked by Henry '
J. Smith, painter and polisher, and mem- '
ber of the firm- of H. Smith & Son, to I
ascertain if Contractor William Cronan
paid anything to the firm for painting j
work done on the roof. The witness knew !
that his firm received $12,900 for painting :
according to the contract, but did not I
know whether anything was received >.
from Mr. Cronan. The books of the
painting firm may be called for. Mr.
Cronan took a contract to paint the con
cealed portions of the corrugated iron,
and under that contract painted the en
tire surface, or got Smith to paint it.
G. LEGALLET A BENEDICT.
Son of the Well-Known Liquor Mer
chant Weds Miss Celina Chabot.
George Legallet, son of the well known
wine merchant, and Miss Celina Chabot
were married last evening at the French
Church on Bush street. The ceremony
was performed by the Rev. A. A. Loude,
pastor of the church, assisted by aco
lytes and one of the associate priests of
the community. During the service the
"Voni Creator" and "Aye Maria" were
sung by a specially augmented choir un
der the direction of Organist S. Martinez.
At the conclusion of the marriage service
the couple repaired to the brides f(irmn
home, on Taylor street, where the mar
riage supper was spread before a large
circle of friends and relative.
Another Fearless Libel.
Joseph de la Rose and two other sailors
of the whaler Fearless filed an interven
tion libel suit uj.Mlr.st the whaler to re
cover $1140 due as wages.
ARE YOU
Troubled with pains In the small
of the back, pains up each side
of backbone to lower points of
shoulder blade every now and
then? Have you head pains, left
or right side? Have you a dizzy
feeling or sensation, floating
flicks or dots before the gaze?
Do you feel melancholy? Are
you nervous? Have you over-
worked? Have you overeaten?
Have you overexhausted your
mind or bo 1 "? Have you
abused nature or yourself? If
you have you must get cured as
soon as possible. What will
cure you?
HUDYAN
Will cure you. Hudyan is cer-
tain to cure you. It has cured
others— it will cure you. Con-
sult Hudson doctors free, or
write for
Circulars and Testimonials.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
IS IT IN YOUR BLOOD?
IS IT IN YOUR BLOOD?
IS IT IN YOUR BLOOD?
First, secondary or teritary
forms of blood disorders are
manifested by copper-colored
spots and falling hair. Thirty-
day cure Is certain.
Call or Write for
3O - 3Da,y Oirou.la.rs !
Hudson Medical Institute,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAU
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
Lady. I gave a handful of Ripans Tabules to an old gentleman of
Brooklyn, and he said their effect upon him has bees
most remarkable.
Friend. What was the matter with him, anyway P
L. He is a weigher, and works about the wharves and ware*
houses. He said that always after eating he would be
troubled with gases, and there would be a sensation as
of a load on the pit of his stomach which made him
very uncomfortable.
F. Well, what good did the Ripans do him ?
L. I don't know how they did it, but he says they were effect-
' ; ive from the start, and he was surprised to see how
quickly one would give him relief. I think it is quite
remarkable, for he is a confirmed dyspeptic ana hm
positively sneered when I gave him the Ripans. H*
djdo't seem to think an^thiu^ could reach his cm*
ADVERTISEMENTS^ •
JmcAßjmz
Positively cured by these
Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
' Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Tain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
FOR THE HOLIDAYS
Large and Well-
Assorted Stock of O
OPERA CLASSES, FIELD GLASSES,
LORGNETTES, OPERA - GLASS
BAGS, GOLD SPECS AND EYE-
GLASSES.
uLAoOIIOt
PRICES WITHIN REACH OF EVERY ONE.
OPEN EVENINGS, Beginning December 12.
14 and 16 Kearny St
Urjk CA N C E R
C ' V^teSJ! anl! TUMOR^HOSPITAL
\\ / S^^^^NO KNIFE or PAIN
JJ £| No pa y^s. tl! Cured
A^ ftR §^P"^ Any lump in awo
K^Jj3ss^j§Vs3j|j!|jr£ 1 Oman's breast is can-
tllllfliiiew' few cer. The poison ">
quickly goes to arm- ■»
J5---1 JLW^^. pit. Iflargeitistoo
j£sl&ks!i(gjS£y£S\ late. Men's face and
£^f>jk***&3em^£f f I lip a common place.
&-&F M V So-Page Book sent
vlu&r -^ f ree w i t hundreds of
addresses of honest scares. No Fraud.
S. B. CHAMIEY, M. D., 23 & 25 THIRD St , N'R MARKET St.
SEND TO SOME ONE WITH CANCER
»i^ Dr. "Wong: Him, Nol.
Jr?s&W*vfk Ho an( 117 Mason street,
jRji ***'»*»V« San Francisco. Cal.—
HE Is to certify that I have
w|nr f been for several years
Vt^m » 1 a great sufferer from
C;;-Al> l Bright' s Disease of the
AsS^ / Kidneys, a tumor In the
#R|S^ A left side and other dls-
J^Si?^^^ iP&v eases incidental to fe-
slflHftw' .tiwHr^k lnales: thiU ! have for
'^-■•Iy?'^ r^ 11 ' I !'«rtW'* weeks and months at a
wHSII^HHQHP time been totally unable
to attend to my domestic affairs, and much of
•the time confined to the be.l. Nothing could
be done for me that afforded more than tempo-
rary relief. About three months ago I was ad-
vised to place myself under your treatment.
On my first interview, after feeling my pulse,
you described ' my condition more accurately
than I could have done myself. After using
your medicine and following your advice since
that time I am very happy to say I have en-
tirely recovered my health; »m fully' able to
fulfill all my duties as the mother of a large
family of children: Indeed, for the past 15 or 20
years I have not enjoyed as robust health.
MRS. HETTIE E. LOWE,
BS7I 21th street, San Francisco. Cal.
October 18. 1898.
o o o o o dooooooooooo anl
\r.-.r PALACE wj'.
'GRAND gorges o
X •■** rKAnciaco. r
"r Connected by a covered passageway. V
0 MOO Rooms-POO With Bath Attached. *•
0 All Under One Management. O
0 NOTE TBB PilIOSB: Q
0- European Plan. Bl .oo P er day and upward A
V American Plan. s3.oo per day and upward Wl
ft Oopr«apond«nc« Sollolt^d. n
X was 6. KiRSPATaicx, kiuih. n
0000000000000 3
COKE! COKE! COKE!
p. a. MCDONALD,
813 FOLSOM STREET,
Telephone) South 24.
Dealer and Importer of all brands of COKE.
Yards at HOWARD AND BEAXJi BTB.
.*!*?%*£&*•&•*■& Vis fill » non-pofiono«»
**jJ^KS&^^9l£S remedy for Gonorrhoea,
ABrCCHEB^W P. l^ l - Spermatorrhcea,
offlr ml to s<J»yj.%l Whites, unnatural dii-
JVf Ocaraaued M chargei, or »ut infi»mma-
M^*M not to stricture. tion, irritation or ulc«ra-
»»JPr«»ent« coot»jU». tion of mucous niem-
ff aayHEEvAHS OhemioiCo. Cranes. Non-astringent.
I^^CINCINNATI.O HHI Sold *>j *>rnesUt»,
C.S.i Jr or sect in plain wrapper,
by express, prepaid. for
'S^BHR.awJrtt^B IJ.OO. or 3 bottle*. 12.73.
.. -"-^asaaP^V" ■ Oircmar teat oa rv^uaAALICIA WAS
A SURPRISE
AT LONG ODDS
Myth Beaten by the
Rank Outsider.
SURPRISES AT OAKLAND
CROSSMOLINA NICELY RIDDEN
BY NASH TURNER.
TJlm Finished Behind Dunpraise.
Novia a Fast One — Our Climate
in Great Form — Five
Choices Downed.
It was a disastrous day for favorites
at Oakland yesterday, Our Climate, which
showed extremely good form, being the
only our- to wear a pair of brackets. The
most notable outsider to win a purse was
Alicia. The Oregon-bred mare was a
starter in the last event of the day, and
so lightly were her chances considered
that 20 to 1 was obtainable. Her previous
race was a jrood one. and the calculators
backed at odds down to 10. She was rid
den to the be=t advantage by Eddie Jones,
and l^d Myth, the 7 to 10 favorite, past
the judges by three lengths. New Moon,
looking B winner at the head of the
stretch, finished third.
BoQkmaker Caesar Young-'s filly Clar
ar.rio appeared to good advantage in the
opening- scramble for two-year-olds. With
Eddfe .I'-ines in the saddle, the ling laid
6 to I about her. and she won easily from
Correct. The latter was Plow to begin
work, but made a brilliant run through
•■•'tch.
In the seven-furlong run that followed
Durpraise, after many attempts., finally
won a purse. Better than 4 to 1 was laid
Bt him, and he won all the way.
The favorite, Ulm, apparently could not
keep up the first part, but managed to
take the place from Pat Murphy.
Had Spencer, who rode the favorite,
ilen^s. in the third number, followed
orders, the fast filly would undoubtedly
have had her number exhibited on top.
Striking the stretch with a commanding
lead, he attempted to rate her, and when
challenged by Turner on Crnssmollna was
passed and bf-aten a length. Hemera.
under Alike Hennessy's clever piloting,
ran third. Rio Chico was away poorly,
and was unable to get to the front, though
showing a good sample of speed.
Dan H«nig's gelding. Our Climate, was
in remarkably tine fettle yesterday. He
was installed a 9 to 10 favorite for the
mile and a sixteenth run, and stepping off
the first mile In 1:40 flat, won in rollicking
fashion from Vc-loz, the second choice.
McFarlane ran consistently, taking the
■how.
It is quite evident that Novia is a
Bprinter of the improving sort. Starting:
second choice to Chihuahua in the six-fur
long spin, fifth on the card, she made all
the pace and won hands down in 1:13%.
Imperious ran into the show.
Track Notes.
E<ldfe Jones carried off the riding honors
by piloting tv.-o winners.
Charley Thorpe, who rode Anchored in
the third race, was jammed against the
rail and had one of his ankles badly
bruised. A physician was called to at
tend him.
'Kid" Weller, the extensive turf opera
tor, will arrive here on Saturday next.
Willie Dean, who rode Pat Murphy, is a
very competent lad In the saddle, hut as
yet has had little opportunity to distin
himself.
The stakes to be decided at Ingleside
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Wednesday, Dec. 7, 1898.— Twenty-first
day of the California Jockey Club meeting. Weatner fine; track fast.
J A. MURPHY. Presiding Judge. JAMES B. FERGUSON. Starter.
O|O FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; selling; two-year-olds; purse, $350.
Index. Horse.
Urn.
Hm.
*im.
Str.
2S« Clarando II
259 Correct II
29fi Tiburon li
254 Petal li
252 Bonlbel J.I
lit Nora Ivea 1
... Diara 1
296 OJal ......li
1 2
1
4
3
I 6
1 1
6 1
4 1
8
3 1
6 2
7 4
2 3
12
6 1
4 2
8
3 1
62
7 3
2 1%
1 4
3 2
2 2
5 4
4%
8
73
61 •
1 2
2 1
5 4
If
6 2
6 3
74
8
T j
S
6
6
10
6
3
6
15
3
4
4
30
15
3-2
10
50
g
[< m
irtin....
Time. l:01Vfc. Winner. Caesar Young's b. f. by Clarendon-Voltando. Good start. Won
easily. Second and third driving.
Thr> winner wanted to run out. but couldn't. Correct Is a slow beginner. Ojal is of
no account. Nora Ives can dance some when the music suits her. Dlara has performed
wonders r.y an Oregon town clock.
OQA SECOND RACE-Seven furlongs; selling; all ages; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.'
3"" Dunpraise, 2 MU
3i5 Ulm, 2 101
Tat Muphy. 6 112
: Bpry Lark. 5 112|
296 Oraibee. 2 ICS
.. E! Venado. 4 122|
4
2
1
3
5
Ji
2 1
4 2
3 1
IVi
5 10
6
\m.
to.
lit
4 1
3 2
2 J 1
I 15
6
\m.
1 4
3 1
2 1
4 2
5 20
6
Str. Fin.
1 3
2 1
3 2
4 H
5 15
6
1 1 IBeauchamp ..
2 8 ]H. Martin....
3 1 |W. Dean
4 1 I Bennett
6 25 IBullman
6 lAlvero
5-2 9-2
1 1
6 8
15 40
7-5 13-5
10 100
Time. I:2>V Winner. E. H. Hinkle's br. c. by imp. Duncombe-Hymn of Praise. Good
start. Won all out. Second and third driving.
Dunpralse likes to shoot the chutes. L'lm could net collect his senses the first part.
H" finished like a veteran. El Venado was left.
OQI THIRD RACE— Five furlongs; selling;
Weight. 'Ft.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Index. Horse.
Jockeys.
VZ Croesmollna
■■ Magdalenea
Z<\\ Hemera
312 Faversham '
<rv2l Rio Chirr,
S""'2 Anchored
(2R4) Jerry Hunt
13
\l
\l
2
7
2H
1 1
t t
6 3
3 H
4 h
7
2 3
1 4
4 h
6 3
3 h
fi 2
7
2 2
1 3
3 3
, 6 3
, 5 2
4%
1 1
28
3 3
4 Vt
5 4
6 4
i urner
Spencer
iHennessy ,;..|
p.]
2
10
6
2
4
7
3
2
20
12
4
5
V.
Bullman ..
Beauohamp ..
Thorpe
H. Martin....
Time, 1:01%. Winner, J. McManus" br. f. by Apache-Play Toy. Bad start. Won first
Spencer on Magdalenes did not follow orders. He tried to rate the thick-winded filly.
Rio f'hi<-o was away poorly. Anchored was Interfered with find Thorpe injured. Cross-
mi, lina now hangs on well.
QOO FOURTH RACE— One and a. sixteenth miles; selling; four-year-olds and upward-
O .-._£• punie. $400. ' .
:. Hi>r?e. Age. Weight.
Std.
Urn. Hm.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
311 Our Climate. 5 104'
n, 3 101!
2»7 M<-Farlane. 6 mil
-. Colorado, fi 101 1
,r< Lrvue r Tipple, a XI
4
5
1 1
.4 3
3 h
2 1
5
1 2
4 15
2 1
3 2
5
1 3
4 25
2 3
8H
5 5
1 5
3 1
2 2
4 25
5
1 4
2 1
3 4
4 30
5
1 4
25
36
4 40
5
uiier ;
nwell |
ullman
'. Martin
M 0 9-10
2 13-5
5 6
6 8
15 30
>evln ]
Tim". 1:17. Winner. t>. A. Honlg's b. g. by St. Carlo-Imp. Royal Bees. Good start.
Won easily. Second and third driving.
Our Climate ran like a good one. McFarlane round the pace too hot and wanted to bear
In on the rail. Veloz ran a fine race.
C)<> FIFTH RACE— Six furlong*: selling; three-year-old* : purse. S4OO.
:. Horse.
Weight
%m.
Urn.
*nf.
Str.
Fin.
(30S) Novia 109 1
312 'Chihuahua 109 2
306 Imperious 109 ! 4
257 Stan Powers 109 3
• 3r*s Bonnie lone 109' 5
290 .Mocorlto 102| 6
1 2
. 2H
8 H
4 h
6
5 h
1 2
2 4
3 h
I b
c
4 2
1 1
2 3
Z 1
6 3
4 h
6
1 3
2%
3 4
4 1
5 8
6
Powell
lggott
Martin
2
«-5
7-2
10
12
8
5-2
4-5
6
25
.30
15
?encer
. Turner
ullman
Time. 1:13%. Winner, C. !8. Sunnlngham's b. f. by Imp. Islington-Hlleen. Good start.
in easily. Second and third driving:.
Novia shows improvement and can beat better ones. Imperious • ran his best. Mocorito
« away badly.
Scratched— Clprlano 112, Torlblo 102. i ;. '
CiA SIXTH RACE— One mile; selling;
purse. $350.
303 Alicia, 5 M 3 41 41 3 4 SI 18 Jones 10 io
tU Myth. 4 I^4 5 52 SI 42 4 8 21 ITurner 4-5 7-10
3Vw New Moon. 6 991 21 11 21 In 3 4 |Powel! 10 40
318. I.ndv Hurst. 4 10118 6 6 6 64 42 Weber 10 15
311 Highland Bail, a.... 101' l 14 n lh 21 SH Beauchamp .. 2 '5-2
1. p. I UN * 3 h 3 h 5 1 6 6 JBullman 6 12
Time. 1:41. Winner, P. Moore's eh. m. by Malcolm- Vlney. Good start. Won easily.
econd and third driving.
The winner was not overlooked in the ring. Myth was probably overestimated. New
!<->on did well and can better it in the muddy going. Dolore will not do. Highland Ball was
icked by the smart ones to finish fifth. .
Bcratcbed-Flandea 108, Gotobed 101.
)nes
urner ;.
Owen
■pher
10 10
4-5 7-10
11 40
10 . 15
2 5-2
5 12
cauchamp . .
ullman
track during the winter and spring meet
ing of 1899 have been set for the following
dates:
January 11— Presidio, one and one-eighth
miles: three-year-olds; selling.
January 14— San Rafael, one mile; three
year-olds and upward; selling.
January 18 — Ba.boa Boulevard, one mile;
three-year-olds: handicap.
January 21— Lakeside, one and one-half miles;
three-year-olds and upward: selling.
February S — Tarpey, one and one-eighth miles;
three-year-olds and upward: handicap.
February 11— Oaks, one and one-eighth miles;
thr«>f>-year-olds (fillies).
February 15— Malowansky, one-half mile; two
year-olds (colts).
February 18— Evergree' one and one-eighth
mile: three-year-olds and upward; heats.
March B— Ocean View, one-half mile; two
year-olds (fillies).
March 11— Crocker- Woolworth. two and one
quarter miles: three-year-olds and upward.
March 15— Occidental, nine-sixteenths of a
mile; two-year-olds; selling.
March IS— Derby, one and one-quarter miles;
three-year-olds.
April s— AndrouF, nine-sixteenths of a mile;
two-year-olds.
April B— lnglestde, four miles, three-year-olds
and upward.
April 12— Olympic, nine-sixteenths of a mile;
two-year-olds: handicap.
April 15 — Schreiber, five-eighths of & mile;
j two-year-olds (colts).
May 6 — Corrlgan, five-eighths of a mile; two
year-<Mds.
May IS— California steeplechase, full course;
handicap.
To-Day's Entries.
First race— Maiden two-year-olds.
572 ('heated K'3' 213 Olenßab«r 108
Ml Uaclvan 105; 313 Llmatus 105
2^ Siini 10S 30R Martello 103
807 Fermo 113 307 Peter Weber.. ..105
Second race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds;
pelting.
294 Aluminum 109 30S Don Luis 109
308 None Such 109 ', 256 Colonel Dan 112
266 Little Alarm. ...lW 323 Chihuahua 109
Third race— Seven furlongs; selling; three
year-oldn and up.
1 3(13 Manianilla 105 1 297 Adam Andrew.. lo2
| 308 Beau Monde.. .. 97: 288 Sly 105
317 O'Fleta 99 323 Imperious 102
I 303 Flandes IMJ 300 Lady Britannic. lo2
j 293 Pongo 1021 H7 Libertine 108
j Fourth race— High-weight handicap; all ages;
Futurity course.
<26O)Amasa 118 292 Etta H* 118
... Rosebeau S€ 30fi Soscol 110
<317)Midltght lIC I 2V2 Rosormonde* ...110
, 301 Homestake 17 311 Frohman US
I (312)Pport McAllisterlH
•Stable.
Fifth race— Futurity course; selling; three
year-olds and up.
303 Gracias ll!|(2«3)Jerl!derio 112
317 Rose Maid 112; 30R Majesty 102
3«S Ballverso Vi 814 Sennits 105
314 Jack o' Lantern. H'7i 314 Mora na 102
X Roulette Wheel. 1U2 1 317 Ricardo 112
I <27S)Durward 112 207 Defiant 102 1
Sixth race — Seven furlongs; selling; three
year-olds and upward.
(273)8e Happy M 6 31S Inverary II 105
(24S)Judge Stouffer-.l'C 317 Mamie G 102 i
300 Outaway 110 i2S.S)Znmar II 110
Selections or To-Day.
First race — Martello. Peter Weber. Llmatus.
Second race— Little Alarm, Chihuahua, Col
onel Dan.
Thirl race — Sly. Libertine, Flandes.
Fourth race — Rosebeau, Midlight, Sport Mo-
Allieter.
Fifth race— Ricardo, Jack o" Lantern, Jeril
derio.
Sixth race— Mamie G. Judge Stouffer, Zamar.
YOUNG AND TIRED OF LIFE.
Rosie Ricks Turns on the Gas in Her
Room, but the Attempt Fails.
Rosie Ricks, a girl not yet 20 years of
' ! age. hired a room in the Lexington House,
i Eddy and Taylor streets, Tuesday night
and retired about midnight, after turning
: on the gap, as she was tired of life and
■wanted to die. Three hours later the door
j of her room was forced open and she was
, found unconscious in bed. She was sent
: to the Receiving Hospital in the ambu-
I lance, and was brought back to conscious
■ ness after two hours' hard work.
She returned from Jackson. Amador
County, three days ago, and being with
out funds or friends got disgusted with
the life she was leading and came to the
| conclusion to end it all. She is a pro
: nounoed blonde and rather pretty. She
i declared she would not renew the attempt.
j Her parents live in the city, but she hag
been a stranger to them 'or three or four ;
; years.
Exclusion Act in Hawaii.
United States Attorney General Griggs
has ruled that the Chinese exclusion act
applies to Hawaii, and his decision has
created consternation among the Chinese
residents of that happy isle. The restric
tion law will be rigidTy enforced there.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1898.
STRANGLING IN HIS CELL.
Gas Strand, a Powerfully Built Man,
Attempts Twice to Commit Sui
cide in the City Prison — Is Put
in a Padded OIL
GUS STRAND, a powerfully built man, walked into the City Prison
yesterday morning about 11 o'clock, saying he wanted to surrender
himself, as he understood a warrant was out for his arrest for obtain
ing money by false pretenses. He was loud and boisterous in his
manner and talk, and it was evident that he had been on a debauch. Ser
geant Wolfe made inquiry, and ascertained there was no such warrant.
Strand became so violent that he wns locked up in the "drunk" cell.
About an hour later Sergeant Wolfe was passing the "drunk" cell, and
was surprised to see Strand hanging by the neck and slowly strangling.
He had tied one end of his suspenders to a wooden post, and, making a
noose with the other end, slipped it around his neck. He was on his feet,
but leaning backward and throwing his whole weight upon the suspenders.
The cell was quickly opened and the suspenders cut in two. Strand ap
peared to be in a faint, and he was sent to the Receiving Hospital In
the patrol wagon. Dr. Eunnnell soon brought him aroun< and he was sent
back to the prison.
As he entered the cell he said to Wolfe: "You've cheated me this
time, but you can't cheat me again,"' and, lowering his head, he made a
rush at the brick wall. He was tripped up, and as he became very
violent his hands were handcuffed behind him and he was sent to the in
sane ward in the hospital, where he was strapped down in a padded cell,
and two "trusties" were placed in the cell beside him, for fear he might
break loose from his bonds and injure himself.
Strand is an ex-cavalryman, and for a time kept a saloon at 646 Fol
som street. He has been several times arrested by the police for minor
offenses, and as a rule managed to escape punishment.
HIS FLAG MADE HIM
A WINDING SHEET
MILITARY HONORS AT LIEUTEN
ANT NOLAN'S FUNERAL.
The Remains of the Beloved Soldier
Were Interred in the National
Cemetery at the Presidio.
The remains of the late First Lieutenant
James E. Nolan. Fourth United States
Cavalry, were laid to rest yesterday af
ternoon in the beautiful national ceme
tery at the Presidio. The funeral took
place at 2 o'clock, and all the military
honors of the post were accorded the
greatly beloved soldier. At least a thou
sand civilians attended the funeral.
The ceremonies were extremely im
pressive, and the wealth of floral tributes
were the handsomest ever seen at the
Presidio. Two troops of the Fourth Cav
alry, two batteries of the Thiru Artil
lery and three companies of the Eighth
California Regiment participated in the
ceremonies. The cortege was headed by
the Fourth Cavalry band, which rendered
Chopin's funeral march and the "Dead
March From Saul." Trumpeter Hardy of
the Fourth Cavalry, formerly chief trum
peter of the Seventh, who blew taps over
General Sherman, performed the same
service yesterday.
Nearly all the officers in and around
the city were present ana the funeral
procession was nearly half a mile in
length The sen-"- were read by Father
Prenato, the Catholic chaplain at the
Presidio. The remains were conveyed
from Lieutenant Nolan's lome to the
cemetery on a caisson draped with the
national colors, and directly behind this
was led Satan, the favorite charger of the
officer with his sword and boots reversed.
In the history of the fresldlo there has
never b«en such a general outpouring of
civilians and soldiers as there was yester
day, or such manifestation of genuine sor
row.
MIDWEEK NOTES
OF THE PLAY
The Comedy Theater Is making out a
good week with "Ole Olson," a Swedish
comedy, well known to local theater
goers "South Before the War" is an
nounced as the "senstion show" for the
new week.
"The Private Secretary" and Miss Vell
ler's clever curtain-raiser, "Keeping Up
Appearances," make a strong bill at the
Alcazar. There is lots of fun left in Gil
lette's famous adaptation and the cur
tain-raiser is duplicating the success it
enjoyed at the Baldwin some years ago,
when the Palmer company produced It.
"Gayest Manhattan" finishes this week
at the Columbia, giving way to the re
vival of Evans and Hoey's "A Parlor
Match."
"A Boy Wanted" still draws the crowd
to the California. Daniel Sully comes
Sunday night with a new piece, "Uncle
Bob."
"Cyrano" finishes its fortnight at the
Tivoii with Sunday night's performance.
Then come? a week of "The Mascot" and
then the big holiday spectacle, "The Yel
low Dwarf."
Two very successful and very different
special attractions of the Orpheum bill
are Camillo Urso, the vloliniste, and Paul
Batty's acrobatic bears.
"Blacklisted," a sensational melodrama,
relieved by several specialties, is the
week's bill at Morosco's.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
ROSSEiI'S SECOND TRIAL.
The Filling of the Jury Box Was
Accomplished Without Difficulty.
The second trial of Walter Rosser, a
private in the Tennessee Regiment,
charged with the murder of Henry Hll
debrand, opened before Judge Wallace
yesterday morning. Acting District At
torney Walter Hinkle represented the
prosecution and as in the first trial W.
H. L.. Barnes appeared as counsel for the
defendant. Relatives of young Hilde
brand were present and evinced the deep
est Interest in the proceedings.
From the questions put to talesmen it
was readily deducted that General Barnes
will make the tight for the young sol
nier s life on the contention that when
the crime was committed Rosser waa
morally Irresponsible by reason of having
been drugged. By noon twelve men were
selected to try the case and this morn
ing the taking of testimony will begin
Following are those who occupy the jury
Joseph I. Twohig. C. A. Brown, Morris
Stockwitz , T. C. Masteller, J. P. Fleming,
Matthew Culllgan. John O'Brien, Victor
Andler. J. E. Gallagher, Thomas Baradv,
John Woodthrop and W. E. Balcom
Sanbom, Vail & Co.'s platlnotypes in
black frames, carbon photographs in old
Flemish oak, colored prints in gilt frames,
are new and artistic and make acceptable
Christmas presents. •
Or INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Pnrcbasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, lisaraece and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In CerreipoEding With Any *t the Ttfltwimf Firnu P1«»m Htntin "Th« OmlL"
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
fSrtlstlc Furniture and flrt Ware Importers.
117 SUTTER STREET. .
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
WM- SCHOEMN(i,^ ip BB p rmo nnn a de B " pplled -
BELTING.
LP TIFfiPN Manufacturer of Belting and
r. ULUCH, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
' . W. J. BRADY, Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship
Work. ,
Officß and Works— ll3-115 MISSION ST.
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell.
.Periodicals. Books and Stationery.
CARRIAGE MAKERS.
A'QDICU £ CflVC— Makers ■ and Dealers In
U DftlCn C jUFi JLandaus, Hacks, Victorias,
Carts and Buggies. Golden Gate aye. and Polk
st., San Francisco.
CASCA FERSINE BITTERS,
The World's Greatest Tonic. Stomachic. Laxa-
tive. At all dealers. j SIERRA PHARMA-
CEUTICAL. CO., 1517 Market st.
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. c. Wilson & CO..
SOO BATTERY. STREET.
Telephone j Main 1864. . 'j
COPPERSMITHS. ; ... . ? ,
SANDERS & CO.", practical coppersmiths,
nxTr'a of sheet copper and tubing. Improved con-
tinuous stills, etc. 415 Mission St.. near First;
all work guaranteed. ■ ; '
DENTIST.
DR« C W- RICHARDS, BE. . corner >Kear'ny.
FIRE INSURANCE.
EDWARD BROWN & SO*S.
411-413 California street, rear. - ■ .
Capital Represented....... over $14,000,000
FRESH AND SALT MEATS. ... .
lAS ROYF^ * fft v 'Shipping Butchers. 104
JA3y DUIC3 Cl UJ,, clay. Tel. ; Main 1294.
. , HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS. : .
A Htm Hunter's' *. Equipments, : Fishing
IIIIM V Tackle. Athletic Goods, etc. Send
U 11 11 si for catalogue. GEO. W. BHUEVE,
w vii w yjg jtertet gtreet.
CHARLES G. LEE
S AID TO BE IN
SAN FRANCISCO
Missing Chicago Man
Reported Found.
CASE IS FULL OF MYSTERY
CHIEF LEES DENIES KNOWLEDGE
OF THE AFFAIR.
Repudiates a Telegram Crediting Him
With Claiming to Have Located
the Man in the Palace
Hotel.
According 1 to information received from
Chicago, Charles G. Lee. who mysterious
ly disappeared from the Hotel del Prado
in that city two months ago, has been
located in San Francisco by Chief of Po
lice Lees. According to Chief Lees, tne
missing man has not been located by him
or any on© else connected with his de
partment. The Chief 6ays he never
heard of the missing: man, and advances
the opinion that the author of the report
of his being located in this city is ro
mancing.
If the Chief is not trying to conceal the
I facts in the case for reasons of his own,
the report sent out from Chicago acids
another peculiar feature to an unusually
j peculiar affair. Lee -was a prosperous
! cigar merchant, having a stand in the Del
i Prado Hotel and another a short dis
tance from that hostelry. His affairs were
1 in excellent shape, and there was no con
: ceivable reason why he should drop out
lof sight. But drop out of sight he did,
I and in such a sudden and mysterious
manner that his friends feared he had
I met with foul play. He left the hotel one
• evening last fall to go to his place about
two blocks distant, and has not been seen
from that day to the present time.
When two days passed and he did not
I return his friends notified the police and
| a systematic search was begun, but with- \
\ out result. Photographs ana circulars |
I describing the missing merchant were
\ sent to the police of all tfie leading cities
j in the country, and it is this fact that
I throws the shadow of doubt on the as-
I sertion of Chief Lees that he never heard
of the man. The doubt as to the Chief's
I sincerity is further increased by the
; positive assertion of George Reisihg of j
Chicago, one of Lee's most intimate i
friends, that he had received a letter from i
the San Francisco Chief to the effect that
he had recognized Lee among the em
ployes of the Palace Hotel from phofo
graphs sent out at the time of his disap
pearance, and that a letter containing
more detailed information was on its way
to Chicago. All this is as positively de
nied by Chief Lees; but as Mr. Reising
is a man of some standing in the Windy
City it seems strange that ne should make
such an assertion without reason or foun
dation.
At the Palace nothing la known of Lee
or any man answering to "Rls description; !
but as he would in all probability have !
assumed another name and changed his
appearance this is not surprising.
When Lee disappeared he is believed to '
have had quite a sum of money on his ;
person, as he was accustomed to go about !
j well supplied with funds, and tor this ,
j reason it was feared he had been foully I
dealt with. He always dressed well, but
was not inclined to dissipate, and, as he i
was a single man, without financial or
domestic troubles of any kind, the only
theory to account for his disappearance,
aside from possible murder, was that he
had become suddenly insane and wander
ed away from the city If he is in San
Francisco Chief. Lees is the only man
able to tell, and if the Cnief knows he
is apparently inclined to keep the infor- I
mation for tne present
It has been unkindly intimated that the
Chief really though he recognized one of
the Palace employes as the missing man,
and sent the telegram to Reising. and
then, learning that he had made a blun
der, concluded to save himself from rid
icule by denying all knowledge of the
case.
Died of His Injuries.
John Longfleld, an advertising can
vasser, died last Tuesday morning in the
City and County Hospital from injuries
received a few days ago by being thrown
from his wagon.
HARDWARE.
pALACE Hardware Co., Importers Dealers
* In Hardware. 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton & Medley, Props..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Eyery De..
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
MANUFACTURERS.
GOLDEN GATE WOOLEN MFG. CO.
Manufacture Blankets, Casslmeres, Tweeds and
Flannels, 535 Market st., San Francisco, Cal
Goods for sale at all leading cry-goods stores.
MARINE INSURANCE.
SWISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPANIES
, Combined Capital, $4,000 000
\~> SYZ & CO.. Agents,
- ■ 101 California st.
MATTRESSES AND IRON BEDS.
THF RFRNHABn Mattr " 8 Co - 642 Mission
IHL DLnilllAßU st. Telephone Main 1674.
PAPER DEALERS.
WILL AMFTTF PULP "* ND pa per co..
ITILLMmCI IE 722 Montgomery Street.
- PIANOS.
The Oldest Firm and Largest Stock.
PIANO and MUSIC STORE-
KOHLER & CHASE,
,28 and SO O'Farrell st.
A corps of expert tuners and repairers.
PRINTINQ.
EC HUGHES, 511 PRINTER,
• V- lUJllfflHO, 511 Sansnme street.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Te^s phlc PARTRIDGE %£".y
THE HICKS- JUDD CO-, a^l
TYPEWRITERS.
gUS^ All Typewriters Rented.
aSf-^Lsrl Few Partly used for sale cheap.
jhHCKL. AGENTS SMITH PREMIER.
4g&|(|||k L. &M. ALEXANDER.
— , . . 110 Montgomery . street. .
\ WALLPAPER.
WHOLESALE & retail: send for samples, stat-
ing quality & color. DUFFY CO.. 928 Howard.
. WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
Forwarding Agents and Public Weighers. : Gen-
eral Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses. Gen-
eral office. 210 California st. Tel. Main 1914.
WATCHES. ETC. ~~~
T. t IT tin V Headquarters for fine Jewelry and
• LUnilli full IS-k. Wedding Rings. 4 3d st.
•: WOOD AND IVORY TURNING.
•C. F. HAAS, mfr wood articles, any descrip-
tion. Placing, turning, 417 Mission, tel. M. 5327.
THE EMPORIUM.
OPEN EVENINGS.
Holiday Concert by Baldwin Theater Orchestra every evening
this week at y:^o o'clock, except Saturday, when the Emporium Or-
chestra will play as usual.
— — ; ■ ' " ' ". iziL>:J -~
The Holiday
Furniture Sale.
We always make a special effort in this department at the Holi-
day season. There are folks in this town and vicinity that have been
planning for months to give mother, or wife, or sister, a nice piece
of furniture for Christmas, and we naturally want those people to
buy that furniture here. Therefore, we offer special price induce-
ments between now and Christmas. <'. There are no larger assortments
in California to select from, and purchases made now will be stored
and delivered when wanted. Here are Jour selections from the Holi-
day Furniture Bargains:
• r^j^r*N>-^t This solid oak Sideboard, 3 feet 6 inches wide, 6 feet high,
L S^r'S-^fo ._ w ith large French beveled plate double-curved mirror; top
m Sy^ ' trr"' drawers lined for cutlery and table linen; ample closets in
L«==s^=|Ssvr the base; decorate your top shelves and arrange your glasses
*' ' 'S/W/// r v. on *^ brackets, and you have a transformation scene in your
'Wl * '< -JUr? f dining-room. What housekeeper will fail to appreciate this
• tT~ —^ .■" __ \ piece of furniture ? It's worth $22. The Holi- <t 1 r *7/r
. I j"^™""™^™ \\ day price «*.... »^) > 3*/ 3
*' ~^F^tf '," *"? * We have 120 styles to pick from, ranging from $10 to $100.
i ■ 1-1, 1. ■1 1 — - This solid oak, polished - r^ rr r~~* ,
: .** <S Dining-room Table, 42 I, q a '\B l "L^o'
I ii ' ii inches wide on top, with
B^^H i^"B flute< * pilaster legs and |M Ejjji'l ■ S|iP^i
■ ' } carved claw feet; 2 cen- ffl 'Sii 'ISf r
■; . I^sbs;^^^^^^ ter legs with cross pan- H Wlj L /sw, i| ! la) |
"-• '*•'._. . - els and braces; corners , kj c^jP^SSiil^S^s
rounded off; no sharp ends; blocked and bolted . j^^^j^;^=g?.j^ ' " V>l
throughout, heavy and solid; large enough to ur\T'^^ =2^v^
seat 10 people; worth $12. Holi- d^*7 £3/ VjbT
day^..1................ : ... $/.ZO m m
- We have over 100 different patterns Dining Tables to select from, $4 to $50.
' Three carloads of Library Bookcases and Combination
• r4r*S*t*i Bookcases, with desks, just in for Christmas. Snap at this
C^afTTjp"'** bargain while the lot lasts. Thi3 $14 Bookcase, 6 feet high,
A*s3b»**"4R2JftL<"> SO inches wide, solid polished oak, fancy French plate glass
''■'%*« -^22£jf on top, 4 adjustable shelves, at the Special Holiday <P O 'JCZ
V ["// il I'M " PricB of :- - ** - >pO*Z^J
B •'iiLJi
- % *tiLt~hw i " ore an 50 other styles front $5 /^^fF^^i
' '' to $75. W*^» "«•-<
1 1 ij f l ifl Jk 700 different kinds of Rockers; TSVT" \\ '
'" il-uij} r we think we can please any taste; Ij iln 1 l
s** 1 ulusi* we P^ c * ure a vel 7 comfortable one, H™ll | f .
V" -[l fm~ indeed; solid oak or mahoganized, .^JEI 11|1 ■"■ — '
\\ ■ '•') ft .whichever finish you prefer; high eSginll kmR 1 1
tV ___i__J— ' back, prettily carved; cobbler seat: xw-mlliMaw
wl r3nrr^^^ worth .$5 at least. The Special VMtfr^-^T 1 ij
rv _■ ■— :^V^*"^f Holiday Price while, lot <^"^ Q^T J*' C /ft!
v \jT^ m on hand lasts $Z,*7D -R^^^^SlSv/l
Wicker Rockers, Upholstered Rockers, Cobbler-Seat {^J^S-jJ?/
Rockers, high backs, low backs, straight or curved — pf^^^ &¥/
Rockers in all styles from $1.25 to $35.
Great Carpet Inducements This Week.
First-class Worsted Velvet, border to match «... - 73c
First-class Tapestry Brussels Carpets, large variety... - 49c
First-class Body Brussels, Lowell make, large variety 95c
Extra quality of Ingrain, good variety of patterns and colorings 35c
Linoleum, 12 feet wide, enough to cover a room in one piece, per square yard 48c
Rugs in great variety at Special Holiday Prices which we cannot duplicate
when present lots are sold.
P fioklen 3&ule Bazaar. ™
C<OJFCHVii*S LARGEST— AMERICAS GRANDEST STORE.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
xj_N-ioisr
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA, IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1897. and for the year ending on that
I day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner
j of the State of California, pursuant to the
I provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by ths
Commissioner. -"v :.••:-;
CAPITAL. >:.'
Amount of capital stock, paid up
In cash $200,00« 00
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company $160,000 00
Loans on bonds and mortgages...... 9,900 00
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 352.254 23
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds, stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 24,509 75
Cash in company's office 4,932 41
Cash in banks 18.485 16
Interest due and accrued, on all
stocks and loans '.'.... ' 200 00
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and mortgages 97 50
Premiums In due course of collection 65,980 67
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for flre and marine risks ' 1,000 00
Cash in hands of managers, San
Francisco 10,772 74
Due from perpetual insurance on
building 742 50
Total a55et5............. $678,884 98
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid.. $12,857 38
Losses In process of adjustment or
In suspense 27,057 69
Losses resisted, including expenses. : 160 00
Gross premiums on flre risks run-
ning one year or less, $231,032 34;
reinsurance 50 per cent 115,616 17
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year, $157. 153 91;
reinsurance pro rata 98,786 56
Amount reclaimable by the Insured
on perpetual fire insurance policies 25,020 33
All other demands against the com-
pany • • 19.094 64
Total liabilities $308,49177
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for tin
premiums $237,712 97
Received for interest on bonds and
mortgages 495 00
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 19.15S 57
Received for rents 2.209 98
' Total Income $313,606 32
, , EXPENDITURES. .
Net amount paid for flre losses (In-
1 eluding . $28,552 49, losses of pre-
vious years) $155,144 58
Dividends to stockholders 659 44
Paid or allowed for commission or
-brokerage . . 61,237 50
Paid for salaries, fees ' and other .
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 36,58$ 60
Paid for State, national and local
taxes* :.. 10,158 07
All other payments and expendi-
tures 29,178 67
Total expenditures $306.014 86
■•■••" Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year^.... $158,126 71
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ- - :
ten during the year.... $33,046,778 $361,413 05
Net amount of risks ex-
, pired during the year.. 81,650,499 358,824 73
Net amount in force De-
cember 31. 1897 38.562.938 418.196 25 j
~ C. S. HOLLINSHEAD. President.
/ E. R. DANNELS, Secretary.
< Subscribed and sworn to before me this 25th
day of January, 1898. - . •
RICHD. H. REILLT.' Notary Public
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT:
436 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
N T. EDWARD POPE. Manager.
R. W. OSBORN, Assistant Manager.
6 ;)
VS^33O MARKET ST. S?*§mSr
Weekly Call, $1.50 per Year
THE EMPORIUM.
STATEMENT
—OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE—
Pennsylvania Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of December
I A. D. 1897. and for the year , ending on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the
provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by the
Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up
In cash.... $400,000 00
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company $183,500 00
Loans on bonds and mortgages 929,600 00
Cash market value of all stocks and *
bonds owned by company 3,499,915 00
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds, stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral (9,350 00
Cash in company's office 2.159 20
I Cash in banks 100,499 25
| Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 729 57
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and mortgages 18,385 86
Premiums in due course of collection 246,117 16
Total assets $5,100,286 04
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $54,11126
Losses in process of adjustment or -
in suspense 189.778 91
j Losses resisted. Including expenses. 13.726 00
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less, $1,535,703 73;
reinsurance 50 per cent 767,85187
Gross premiums on flre risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,368,-
640 31: reinsurance pro rata 699,852 85
Amount reclaimable by the insured
on perpetual flre insurance policies 823,239 42
Commissions and brokerage due and
to become due 4.000 00
Total liabilities.... $2,502,560 33
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for flre
premiums $1,724,126 35
Received for interest on bonds and
mortgages 42,368 52
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and j from
all other sources.... 160.81167
Received for rents 2.098 00
Total Income.... $1,929,406 14
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for flre losses $597,216 SO
Dividends to stockholders 80,000 00
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 404,10130
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 131,378 08
Paid for State, national and local
taxes 45,887 06
All other payments and expendi-
tures ' 64,142 26
Total expenditures ....I I $1,622,723 42
': ... ' ♦■;' '; •' : .■:■■ - •■■■'•- Flre.
Losses incurred during the year '$342,263 98
" Risks and Premiums. .' Fire Risk's. Premiums.
___________ i
Net amount of risks writ-
ten during the year.... $224,993,253 $2,216,195 47
Net amount of risks ex- .
pired during the year. 191.507.222 2,050.383 04
Net amount in force De-
cember 31. 1897 323.094.764! 2.904,344 04
R. DALE BENSON. President.
W. GARDNER CROWELL, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 27th
day of January, 1898. GEO. W. HUNT.
Commissioner for California.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT:
436 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
T. EDWARD POPE. Manager/
R. W. OSBORN, Assistant Manager. ;; ,r
:: — _ — - — — — ; —
I C DDIIII'Q FOR EITHER SEX.
ItC Dil-IW 9 This remedy being in-
j-««_<i directly to tho
c"*"" **"™ I"'^!S^1 "'^!S^ seat of those diseases
0 » _I * of the Genito-Uriniirj-
Mb In Orßuns, requires no
fivj ||_a chance of diet. Cure
-JESS— <<§_H -•**•<! in 1 to 3
-rin-B. Small plain pacli -
iff\S VTV? T?™ age. : by mail, SI.OO.
%J» U J_HJi*-~"« only by
GEO. DAHLBENDER & CO., Solo Ageata,
214 Kearny at., Ban Francisco, CaJU . _ .
56
THURSDAY DECEMBER 8, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts., S. F-
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS SI7 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE 6AM FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) l»
served by carriers In trjls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mail $6 per year; per month
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL.~ ~One year, by mall, $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Ri*&« House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Buildlnft
C. GEORGE KROGNES6. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S2T Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock.- 337 Hcyes street, open until
. 9:30 o'clock. 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock. CIS Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- £291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW- corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS
— —
California — "A Boy Wanted Just tor Fun."
Columbia— "Gayest Manhattan."
Alcazar— "The Private Secretary."
Tivoli "Cyrano de Berßerac."
Morosco's — "Blacklisted."
Vaudeville.
The Chutes— Oorrilla man, vaudeville and the too.
Olympla— Corner Mason and Eddy streets. specialties.
Butro's Baths— Swimming.
Mechanic*' Pavilion— Charity Bazaar.
Columbia— Club Entertainment this afternoon.
Bherman - Clay Hall— Recital Friday Evening. De-
cember 9
Oakland Race Track— Races to-day.
Ingleslde Coursing Park— Coursing Saturday and Sunday.
Rosenthal— Comlnt in December. . . . . . '
EVADING CIVIC DUTY.
WHENEVER a trial results in miscarriage of
justice — and that such results are frequent will
not be denied — there is an outcry against the
inefficiency of the courts. The men who make it first
and loudest are themselves to blame. They refuse to
perform jury duty.
Because a citizen has large business interests is no
reason he should be able to whisper an excuse into
the ear of the Judge and then permitted to go his
way. He is as able to endure the tedium of a trial
as another man. He can far better afford the loss of
time than can his neighbor who toils for wages.
The opening of every notable case is marked by a
pitiful exhibition of lack of regard for the public wel
fare. Talesmen will plead all manner of pretexts for
being allowed immunity from the jury-box. They
have even been known to lie about it, in which in
stance, instead of being fined for contempt of court,
they have been given permission to go. Later it is
their privilege to read of the trial and express dis
approbation of the verdict, to rail against the jury
system, opining loudly that it is a failure. So, to a
certain extent, thanks largely to them, it is.
In minor cases it is rare that representative citizens
are selected as jurymen. Apparently they are not so
much as expected to serve, for they are not sum
moned, and the panel is made up of the courtroom
loafer, the professional juror, the ragtag and bobtail
of the city, lacking in intelligence, principle and
standing. If the method of trial by jury is to con
tinue, the time has come for a decided reform. Re
spectable citizens should be chosen, and. having been
chosen, forced to act. The service rendered by an
honest juryman is honorable, far more honorable than
his efforts to sneak out of it.
DISSATISFIED SCHOOL DIRECTORS.
DIRECTORS Gallagher and Waller of the
Board of Education are said to be not satisfied
with the report of the Grand Jury. Possibly
the object of formulating a report is not the satisfy
ing of every rascal whom the report may adversely
criticize. That the management of the board has
been shameful there is no denying. That some of the
members belong behind the bars is the common be
lief. They have wasted the funds placed at their dis
posal, have unbiushingly defied the public to do any
thing about it, and now have the unspeakable assur
ance to resent the mention of their dereliction by a
body organized for the avowed purpose of bringing
lawbreakers to justice.
There could not well be better recommendation for
the Grand Jury than the displeasure of Gallagher and
Waller. This might be strengthened by a yelp from
Ragan, and Drucker could add to its weight by ex
pressing disregard for the attitude of the jury. The
fact stands out that the course of the Board of Edu
cation has been from the first against all decency,
and that if it has not been wantonly dishonest it em
braces a number of fools. At least, it has been a re
proach and a disgrace to the community. The more
its leading spirits protest, the more they emphasize
the certainty that the people were led into electing to
important office a lot of incompetent and conscience
less knaves.
MURDER fiND INCENDIARISM.
THERE is one method by which the crime of
arson can be checked, and this is the simple one
of punishing it. There is no misdeed in the
whole list more unpardonable, because it must of ne
cessity be deliberate.
When the setting fire to a building results in finan
cial loss to innocent parties, the guilty wretch should
be held responsible, and if unable to pay, be kept in
confinement until the sum had been worked out at
a credit of perhaps a dollar a day. This might mean
a life sentence, and so much the better. If the crime
involves the destruction of life, it should be treated
is murder of the first degree.
The people of one California town are now search
ing for an incendiary, and. catching him, he will be
hanged. He ought to be. It is a pity the law does
not prescribe this course, and the way to educate the
law-maker is to give him a few object lessons.
Surely the man who applies the torch to a structure
in which people are sleeping is deserving of no more
consideration than the one who wrecks a train, and,
according to the code, the wrecker is a murderer, fit
for the gallows.
For refusal to give alms to an impertinent beggar a
citizen of Los Angeles was recently stabbed. The
problem of what to do with our beggars has long
been a puzzle, but about the disposition of this par
ticular one there should be no difficulty while there
is jail-room.
Figel may congratulate himself, so far as the courts
are concerned, but as to his conscience there is per
haps a different aspect.
THE PRESIDENT OND FINANCE.
THE friends of the single standard and sup
porters of financial and currency reform have
occasion to be pleased by the President's atti
tude toward these most necessary policies.
In the message he says: "The importance of ade
quate provision which will insure to our future a
money standard related as our money standard now
is to that of our commercial rivals is generally recog
nized.
"The companion proposition that our domestic
paper currency shall be kept safe and yet be so related
to the needs of our industries and internal com
merce as to be adequate and responsive to such needs
is a proposition scarcely less important."
These declarations cover the conclusions reached
by the Indianapolis money conference, as formulated
in the bills which are already referred to the House
Committee on Banking and Currency.
Of course it is known that those bills cannot pass
the Senate, as at present constituted, for in that body
the sound money men are in a minority. But the
next Senate, which goes into power on the 4th of
March, 1899, will have a good working majority of
sound money men, as will the House which begins
at the same date.
If there be any change the need of this financial re
form is more pressing than ever. The country is ad
monished by the result of the recent elections. The
Republican party made its losses east of the Missis
sippi River, and its gains west of that line. Cali
fornia contributes two to the gains in the Senate
and six to the total majority in the House, or within
a fraction of one-half thereof.
The party has been renewed in its power for specific
reasons and well defined purposes, chief among which
are those related to the standard of value and the
currency reform, to which the President refers.
As it is not expedient to attempt anything with the
present Senate, it is highly expedient and necessary
to bring the next Senate into action in co-ordination
with the friendly majority in the House at the earliest
possible day after the life of the next Congress begins.
Then will be the first opportunity presented, since the
financial agitation began, of a President and House
and Senate in accord upon the measures and method
of reform. An extra session should be held next
spring to dispose finally of this subject. Then, if by
some unforeseen accident the President and House
chosen in 1000 should desire to disturb that adjust
ment, the Senate would stand in the way and could
not be overridden.
It may be said, we believe, with confidence, that
the surest safeguard against such an accident will be
found in the enactment of financial and currency re
form next spring, thus demonstrating the fidelity and
good faith of the party in power and proving its right
to further confidence by having merited it.
ANOTHER WAR STAMP DECISION.
A DISPATCH from Lansing, Mich., brings the
intelligence that' the State Supreme Court of
that commonwealth has handed down a de
cision declaring that the express companies must pay
for the war stamps affixed to receipts issued to ship
pers. No particulars are given, but since the Ameri
can Express Company is mentioned as one of the
litigants, we may presume that the case is an appeal
from the decision of one of the Michigan Circuit
Courts, wherein it was held that a writ of mandate
would issue compelling the express companies to
stamp their receipts.
Up to the present time the express corporations, in
their selfish and unpatriotic contention with reference
to war taxation, have said that until some court of
last resort had decided against them they would con
tinue to believe their construction of the law to be
correct. Here, at last, is an opinion from a court of
final resort in a great State. What are these contu
macious tax-shirkers going to do now? Half a dozen
nisi prius courts have ruled against them to the one
for them, and the latter was an ill-considered "rush"
decision rendered for the purpose of furthering an
appeal. At last a Supreme Court has upheld the
former line of decisions and reaffirmed the opinions
of the United States Attorney General, Commissioner
of Internal Revenue and other officials who have ruled
on the question. We repeat, what are the express
companies, and especially Wells, Fargo & Co., going
to do?
If they do not now submit and pay their war taxes
we have a right to consider them in rebellion against
the Government and the law. They have refused to
support the nation in time of war, its greatest peril;
they have set the courts at defiance and openly
flaunted their arrogance; they have stamped the re
ceipts of their big patrons and robbed their small and
helpless ones; in short, they have been guilty of con
duct which, were it proved against an individual,
would render him liable to punishment as a traitor
and a criminal. Are these express monopolies going
to be allowed to continue in this manner until the
end?
The attention of Congress ought to be called to the
matter by the Boards of Trade and Chambers of Com
merce of the country. Something more than a clari
fication of the law should be undertaken. The ex
press companies should be brought under Govern
ment supervision and made to feel that they owe at
least obedience to the law. There is but one way to
reach the hearts of the selfish and unpatriotic con
cerns, and that is through their pockets. If the law
i? amended it should enact that intercommercial ex
press rates shall not be increased beyond the figures
now prevailing, and that the war stamp tax shall be
quadrupled. This might make the traitorous cor
porations sing a different tune.
It is pleasing to learn that the Examiner's national
policy is the guide of the administration. The enter
prising Hearst not only made the war, but has dic
tated the terms of settlement with Spain. However,
the administration has been too busy to set forth
these facts, and the Examiner has modestly saved it
the trouble.
Miss Ball is to be congratulated upon having de
feated the Board of Education. The merits of her
contention are not widely known, but anybody en
gaged in controversy with the board is certain to be
right.
Baldwin is not particularly beloved now, but if he
cover his property with a two-story row of cheap
stores, he will be pained and surprised to realize that
he has not reached the zenith of unpopularity.
The tugboat style of marriage seems to have been
revived. Nevertheless, an opinion prevails that a
wedding which would be illegal ashore is nothing to
brag of when performed at sea.
Chinese exclusion laws are said to be in effect in
Hawaii. By way of preventing the Chinese any un
necessary distress, it may be added that the same laws
arc said to be in effect here.
When a day passes without fresh revelation of
crookedness somewhere in the City Hall, that day is
apt to be Sunday.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1898.
OX two continents Karl Becker is known as
"The Prince of Forgers." Well he earned the
title. His adroitness and his facile pen have
for years been the terror of bankers. Becker is in
jail in this city, his latest crime confessed. What
next?
On his first trial Becker, together with an associate,
was found guilty and sentenced to imprisonment for
life. The trial took place before Judge Wallace, a
jurist noted for unswerving severity. Many a footpad
has Wallace sent across the bay to end his years in
stripes. Many a man, impelled by want to some deed
of violence, has trembled before Wallace at the words
dooming him to confinement for twenty, thirty or
forty years. So it was not surprising that Becker was
sentenced for life.
Neither was it surprising that the prisoner should
have been given a new trial. Such is the way that
justice is expedited. On the second trial there was
still no shadow of doubt as to the guilt of Becker,
but there was a disagreement. It is not to the pur
pose now to discuss the status of the jury. Before a
third trial could be brought about the associate of
Becker, a man equally culpable with him, deserted
the forger and agreed to testify against his old pal.
To this despicable treachery he was purchased by the
offer of leniency. Who had a right to offer it?
Becker saw that his case was hopeless. For three
years he had been in the County Jail. While there
was no prospect that he would be again convicted,
there stretched out ahead the possibility of a long
series of trials, more years of waiting, an intermin
able fight against justice. He determined to sur
render. At this point came the revelation of the utter
inadequacy of Chief Lees. In his anxiety to be able
to say that he had the Prince of Forgers behind the
bars, Lees promised him immunity, as he had prom
ised it to the thieving accomplices. To be sore,
Becker was to be punished, but he was to dictate the
terms. He was willing to accept a sentence of seven
years, with credit for the time he had kept the baffled
courts and the helpless police struggling to give him
his dues. He pleaded guilty, his plea being accom
panied by a statement from his own lawyers, the
State's lawyers and the Bankers' Association, that
this would be satisfactory. Or, in other words, Lees
tried the man, passed the sentence, got the bankers
to approve, and then asked Judge Wallace to enact
the formality of legalizing the findings. Such unex
ampled impudence deserves the full weight of any re
buke Judge Wallace can administer. Is he to permit
a Chief of Police, anxious for a scalp, and a lot of
bankers, to override him and pre-empt his preroga
tives? We do not believe the Judge so weak a man.
We think he esteems the dignity of his position too
highly to have it thus made an adjunct to a stupid
and unlawful police scheme. He has heard Becker's
confession of guilt. He is in no manner bound to
weigh extraneous conditions imposed by Lees. If
Becker deserved a life sentence before — and this no
body questions — he deserves it now.
The bankers agree that after the expiration of the
trifling term they have decided upon for Becker they
will give the old man a pension, not as a reward of
merit, but as an inducement to be honest. They want
the law to touch him lightly, so they may buy him to
be honest.
The entire scheme is rotten. It shows above all
things the incompetency of Lees. He may make a
bargain with crime, but when he calls upon a court
to ratify it he insults not alone the court, but the peo
ple. Becker says that he is guilty, as charged. In at
tempting to shield him Lees is derelict to his duty.
He has met the more astute Becker and the stronger
intelligence won. Society wants protection against
Beckers. It does not even desire that when caught
they shall instruct the courts what to do with them.
We hope and believe that Judge Wallace will over
rule the firm of Lees & Becker.
rOR a long time the American people have
looked in vain to Congress for protective legis
lation favorable to the upbuilding of the mer
chant marine needed to carry on our commerce. The
Republican party, so faithful in the performance of its
general pledges, has been strangely neglectful of its
pledge in this regard. Our ship-builders and ship
owners are still struggling in vain to compete with
the subsidized shipping of Europe, and our imports
and exports are still mainly carried in foreign vessels,
at the expense to us of a heavy annual tribute to the
foreign owners.
Now, at last, there is a fair prospect that justice will
be done, and that speedily. The expansion of our
merchant marine has become urgent. The events and
the results of the war have combined to make clear
the imperative necessity of legislation that will stimu-
Inte the building of American ships to be manned by
American sailors to carry American produce to all
parts of the world and to bring back to our shores the
goods we import in exchange for them.
The President set forth the urgency of the matter
very clearly in his message. "The annexation of Ha
waii," he said, "and the changed relations of the
United States to Cuba, Porto Rico and the Philip
pines, resulting from the war, compel the prompt
adoption of a maritime policy by frequent steamship
communication encouraged by the United States un
der the American flag with the newly acquired islands.
Spain furnished to its colonies, at an annual cost of
about two million dollars, steamship lines communi
cating with a portion of the world's markets, as well
as with trade centers of the home Government. The
United States will not undertake to do less. It is our
duty to furnish the people of Hawaii with facilities
under national control for their export and import
trade. It will be conceded that the present situation
calls for legislation which shall be prompt, durable
and liberal."
Furthermore, the President added: "The part which
the American merchant vessels and their seamen per
formed in the war with Spain demonstrates that this
service, furnishing both pickets and the second line
of defense, is a national necessity and should be en
couraged in every constitutional way."
Short as the present session will be, the country
has a right to expect of Congress a good and effec
tive shipping law before it closes. The issue is
broader than that of supplying the Philippines and
the West Indian Islands with merchant lines. It is
one of supplying the United States with such lines.
Our commerce is expanding in every direction. Our
tribute to foreign ship-owners is increasing annually.
Every argument which can be justly drawn from the
conditions of the present or the prospects of the fu
ture tends to strengthen the demand that the Govern
ment adopt at once a policy of fair play toward the
American merchant marine.
Mrs. Mentel is -said to have suffered a considerable
shock upon discovering that she was a murderess.
Precisely what effect she thought the impulsion of
two bullets into the body of her husband would pro
duce is a matter thus thrown into the field of specu
lation.
It may truly be said of the Earl who has wedded the
Colgate soap fortune that he has taken the cake.
LEES, BECKER. Z J ALS -
A MEASURE OF URGENCY.
CANT TAKE IT SERIOUSLY.
Influential Journals Look Upon Burns' Candidacy as a Theme foi
Laughter, Fleers and Jeers.
BURNS A POLITICAL JOKE.
(Los Angeles Herald).
Colonel Burns is only a political joke when considered as a Senator, and
the anti-poolroom and racetrack influence is enough to prevent a sport
from getting the place. The men who are even indirectly responsible for
the Widbers and McGlades are not the men who can go to the Federal Sen
ate. Mr. Grant has been lost in Washington or any old place in the East,
where he thought he could get the influence of a friend of his father's on the
California Legislature, which, he naively imagined, could be made to vote
as some Eastern Senator wished. General Barnes is still a possibility, and
so are two or three others, but to-day the only man who even approaches
probability of success is Mr. Bulla. To-morrow it may all be different, for if
new material of the right sort springs up a new arrangement of the votes
can be figured on.
WILL DAMN THEMSELVES.
(Los Angeles Times).
If there is any legislator in this State who wish*"- '* forever damn him
self politically, socially and morally let him go to Sacramento next month
and vote to send D. M. Burns to the United States Senate, and the job will
be done with neatness and dispatch. According to the San Francisco cor
respondence of the Oakland Tribune "A thorough canvass of the State is
being made in his (Burns') behalf, and if he is satisfied that he has enough
. votes to secure him the victory there is no doubt he will go out for it."
Sure! He would certainly be several kinds of an ass if he did not go for the
Senatorship were he certain o f success. But there's the rub. Dan Burns
has no more show to get the votes of the reputable and honest Assembly
men and Senators from the interior than he has to have his character as
an ex-official of the State restored to him by that same Legislature which
Is to elect a United States Senator.
A GOOD WAY TO KILL HIM.
(Treka Journal.)
Dan Burns is mentioned as a possible candidate for United States Sena
tor, but we don't believe he will be "in it." The Republicans have plenty of
better timber to pick from in getting a first-class man for that important
position. Possibly Burns' name has been mentioned as a good way to kill
him politically as a leader or boss. The Republican voters are not favorable
to him by any means, a fact that members of the Legislature can easily dis
cover by asking the question.
AN OBJECTIONABLE CREATURE.
(The Californian.)
The report has obtained currency that Colonel Dan M. Burns Is in the
fight for Federal Senator as the candidate of the Southern Pacific of Ken
tucky. To little purpose had the Republican party captured the Legislature
if it were to be dedicated to purposes so vile as the election to the United
State Senate of thU man Burns, a creature not only objectionable because
of his own past record but additionally offensive because the protege of the
railroad. The brazen impudence of the railroad in California
politics should no longer be tolerated and any man known
to be its candidate should always be overwhelmingly beaten,
whether the office of his aspirations be great or small. In the degradation of
politics and corruption of men in high place no other agency in California
has wielded an influence so potent and malign. To gain its ends it has hesi
tated, apparently, at nothing. It has dominated California politics with the
insolence of a czar and in total disregard of the rights of the people has
kept its transportation rates at a Doint so high that it might not inap
propriately be designated the limit of human forbearance. Time was when
California, bound hand and foot and completely at the mercy of the Octopus,
had its president in the United States Senate; but we have got beyond that.
We entertain slight fear that Burns, even with the great power of the
Southern Pacific behind him. will come dangerously near to election. Even De
Young would prove less obpectionable than he. But there are in the Sen
atorial contest, truth to say. too many men able to call their souls their
own to permit to become formidable the candidacy of either of the two
named. California needs in the United States Senate a mart of character and
standing and ability, a statesman and a speaker. Does Dan Burns possess
character or standing or ability? Is he an orator or a statesman? Is not
his record as a State official such as to render the mere suggestion of his
candidacy an Insult? While the people of California do not hold their
Legislatures to so strict an account as they should, nevertheless the man
who at Sacramento would vote for Dan Burns for United States Senator
must be a creature from the slums of San Francisco.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
Banker W. H. Kenzie Is at the Lick.
Mr. and Mrs. John M. Godey are at the
Lick.
E. J. Benjamin, U. S. A., Is at the Cali
fornia.
Fred Cowan of New York is at the
Palace.
A. Biffar of Germany is a guest at the
Palace.
Judge J. M. Mannon of Ukiah Is staying
at the Lick.
Dr. P. N. Russell of Fresno is a guest
at the Lick.
E. P. GlfCord, a merchant of Auburn, Is
at the Lick.
R. E. French of Bakersfleld is staying
at the Grand.
Dr. E. Everets, U. S. A., Is a guest at
the Occidental.
W. J. Canton, U. S. S. Olympla, is at
the California.
Frank Hurst and A. Long of Chicago
are at the Russ.
F. A. Lafferty and wife of Sacramento
are at the Grand.
Mrs. R. W. Nichols of San Diego is a
guest at the Lick.
William M. Sims of Sacramento is reg
istered at the Palace.
R. M. Pogson, the manager of the Tejon
ranch, Is at the Palace.
E. W. Hale, a merchant of Sacramento,
Is a guest at the California.
L. N. Parks, a miner of Lowden Ranch,
is a guest at the Occidental.
E. C. Langford. a merchant of Littleton,
N. H., is a guest at the Palace.
M. Seebey of Tacoma and R. F. Fletcher
of Los Gatos are guests at the Palace.
W. H. Babcock, a grain merchant of
Walla Walla, Is registered at the Lick.
Ex-State Senator James McCudden of
Vallejo is registered at the Occidental.
A. M. McDonald is registered at the
Lick. He is a prominent miner from So
nora.
James M. Hardman of Boston and C. M.
Blinn of Chicago are registered at the
Grand.
F. S. Western and E. H. Brocklehurst
of London are registered at the Cali
fornia.
Miss Ada Gilmore, daughter of Superin
tendent Gilmore of the Missouri Pacific
Railroad, is at the Palace.
Rev. I. Osborne of Honolulu and Rev.
D. G. McKinnon of Stockton, both promi
nent Episcopal ministers, are at the Occi
dental.
« ♦ ■
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Dec. 7.— Arthur Rodgers of
San Francisco is at the Netherland. A: J.
Bepgs of San Francisco is at the Cosmo
politan. Dr. Li. F. Wood of San Diego is
at the Park Avenue.
CALIFOBNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Dec. 7.— E. R. Dimond
and wife of San Francisco are at the
Shoreham. Hugh Craig, president of the
San Francisco Chamber of Commerce, has
taken quarters for the winter at the Cos
mos Club. He protests that he is not
here to mix in politics or to interfere with
any plans of the delegation, but to urge
the passage of the Nicaragua canal bill.
Mr. and Mrs. Woods of Stockton are in
the city.
MICROBES IN MILK.
It will be readily granted that the In
spection of milk and its sources of supply
Is of even more importance from a public
health point of view than the inspection
of meat, since milk is so largely used as
the food of Infants.
Milk, immediately it is taken from the
healthy cow, contains no microbes.
Hardly has the milk settled in the pail
than they abound, so many as 10,000 in
one-quarter cubic inch having been de
tected. The question which naturally
presents itself is, "Where do they come
from?" From the silled teats, from the
soiled hands of the workers, from the at
mosphere of the milking shed and from
the palls themselves. They possess the
property of propagating very rapidly.
Monsieur de Freudeurich of the Berne
Laboratory asserts that milk Just drawn
containing in one-quarter cubic inch 9000
microbes, seven hours later was found to
contain 60,000. After a period of twenty
five hours had elapsed 5,000,000 microbes
were present in the same quantity of
milk; and if the temperature be raised to
95 degrees Fahrenheit the microbic popu
lation of the same milk, during the same
time, would reach the enormous total of
812.500,000!
Children appear particularly prone to
contract consumption through the agency
of milk containing tubercle bacilli.—
Chambers' Journal.
A POOR LITTLE GIRL.
She never ran with a hoop, nor blew
Soap bubbles out of a pipe, nor knew
In all her days what a world of fun
It was to scamper and jump and run;
She was born to wealth and a house of
pride.
And must be proper and dignified.
Dear little girl! I am sad for you;
They have niched your world of its
roseate hue;
They have robbed the sweets of your
childish play,
And stolen your years and your dreams
away ;
And you are a little girl no more.
Poor little martyr in pinafore!
I frankly own I would shrink to face
Your accusing eyes at the throne of grace.
I tremble to think what the King may
mete
To the culprit couched at the judgment
seat.
Who has taken a child that was made to
sing
And stifled the song and deceived the
King!
—Joseph Dana Miller, in The Criterion.
WELL-KNOWN PEOPLE.
Admiral Dcwey has a valuable collec
tion of butterflies, -which is insured for
$6000.
Professor Moses Coit Tylor of Cornell
has been made a character in a novel by
Justin McCarthy.
The marble fountatin that Emperor "Wil
liam purposes to erect in Constantinople
to commemorate his visit there is to be of
his own design.
George Julian Zolnaz, the sculptor, has
completed his bust of Edgar Allan Poo,
and it will be placed in the library of the
University of Virginia.
George Hitchcock, the painter, is a grad
uate of Brown University and a direct de
scendant of Roger Williams. When he left
to study water-coloring in England his
parting words were, "If I succeed I shall
not return."
It is announced from Lelpslc that Herr
Meyer, in acknowledgment of his grati
tude to Providence for the deliverance
from captivity and safe return of his son,
Hans Meyer, the African traveler, has
given 1,000,000 marks for the building of
twenty-seven workmen's dwellings in
Leipsic Llndenau.
Caleb T. Row, who after a service of for
ty-four years, has resigned from the gen
eral management of the American Bible
Society, is said to be the greatest author
ity on the various editions of the Bible
and their history in the United States.
He owns one of the best private collec
tions in this country.
In his newly published "Memoirs" Sal
vini says that the only time in his life
he lied about his art was when he saw
Bernhardt in Schiller's . "Maid of Or
leans." He said the performance was
poor, yet when the tragedienne asked his
opinion he replied, ""iou were superb,"
wttereupon "the divine Sarah" introduced
him to her company as "the master of all
of us."
A DREADFUL ASSAULT.
Mr. Justice Ball; an Irish Judge, was
noted for his amusing manifestations of
ignorance, but whether they were real or
pretended has never been clearly estab
lished. He tried a case in which a man
was. indicted for robbery at the house of
a poor widow, .me first witness was the
young daughter of th widow, who identi
fied the prisoner as the man who had en
tered the house and smashed her mother's
chest. "Do you say that the" prisoner at
the bar broke your mother's chest?" said
the Judge, in astonishment. "He did my
}?? r answer t d the * lrl; " he jumpei on
it till" he smashed it entirely." The Judge
turned to the crown counsel and said:
i'^'T ' 8 , thls? Vn y is not the prisoner
indicted for murder? If he smashed this
poor woman's chest in the way the wit
ness has described he must surely have
killed her." "But, my lord," said the
counsel, "it was : a wooden chest."—Corn
hill . Magazine. ■ 'T 7^" "
THE WORD "GROG."
The word "grog has a curious history,
it comes in a roundabout way from the
French gros-grain, of which our English
grogram" is a corruption, meaning a
s £? . <?f? f coarse a-nd heavy texture. Bluff
old Admiral Vernon. who commanded the
English navy just before our War of In
dependence, wore breeches made of this
material, and was nicknamed from that
circumstance "Old Grog." He used to
have his men mix water with rum that
was always served to English sailors as
part of their rations, and hence any dram
mixed with water came to be called
"grog." and the places where such things
are sold "grogg-eries."— St. Nicholas.
COL HAMILTON'S
COLORED MAN
TAKEN AWAY
His Wages Paid Out of
"Billy's" Pocket.
JACKSON'S PRUNING KNIFE
DAN" BURNS' LIEUTENANT IN A
STBEAK OF BAD LUCK.
His Salary Was Cut Down and
He May Be Obliged to
Work for His
Living.
Colonel "Billy" Hamilton Is In a streak
of bad luck. The star of Dan Burns
seems to have cast a hoodoo upon him,
even the proximity of a "cullud pusson"
has not been able to save him.
It was only a few days ago that the col
onel sent on to Washington a memorial
recommending Burns for the position of
Naval Officer which he hoped that Colo
nel John P. Irish would vacate by the 15th
of the present month. But the petition
ran up against a waste basket in the
White House and, Colonel Irish, a gold
Democrat, will vacate nothing. Then
came the announcement from Washing
ton that President McKinley intended to
keep Colonel Irish in office until after the
inauguration of the next President at
least. This was quite enough, but the
cruel blow was followed by another a few
days later when Colonel Jackson notified
him that on the first of the present
month his mascot, A. D. Jones, the col
ored gent who hefts Custom House cash
for Colonel Hamilton, would be relieved
from duty, because the appropriation of
$30,000 allowed Colonel Jackson for emer
gencies in his capacity of Collector could
no longer stand the strain. As Colonel
Hamilton was pretty busy in the Dan
Burns fight for the Senatorshlp he could
not afford to be confined to his office in
the Custom House, and he embraced the
alternative of paying the salary of Mr.
Jones out of his own pocket for the pres
ent month and possibly until after the
conclusion of the Senatorial contest in the
coming session of the Legislature.
That is why there is a streak of sadness
in the perennial smile of the cashier, and
that Is why there is such a wistful look
in his eye.
When he took the office the annual sal
ary was $3000. but on the recommendation
of Major Moore, an inferior in military
rank, the salary was cut to $2500, the
major hefting the value of his services at
that amount.
Another story of the reduction
has been going the rounds, but
it is without doubt unfounded in
fact, Collector Jackson being too good
a friend of Colonel Hamilton to do any
thing of the kind. The story is that the
Collector backed the cashier for the po
sition of Naval Officer in order that a
vacancy might thus be created in the
cashiership which the Collector could fill
with one of the many patriots who are
making him walk the floor at night study
ing and worrying because he can't give
them all a job. Then when the jig was up
that he took away the cashier's darkey
so as to compel the cashier to work
and thus disgust him with the position
and make him resign, and create a va
cancy anyhow. But the proof that this
story is not true lies in the fact that the
prunnlng knife has been applied to other
departments as well. For instance, his
good friend. Internal Revenue Collector
John C. Lynch, who is not a colonel and
never rose higher than fifth sergeant, was
obliged to discharge three of his clerks
in order that his emergency expenses
might not exceed his pro rata of the $30.
000 appropriation. The clerks discharged
on the Ist of the month were P. T. M.
Waite and D. D. Sohindler. who have
been working for several months on an
index to the duplicate Chinese registra
tion in his office. W. W. Colm was the
third victim of the economical change.
Auditor Cope mourns a recent cut from
$3500 to $3000. while the salary t>f the ad
juster was increased from $2500 to $3000.
That is why "Billy" Hamilton does not
smile so profusely as before, and why the
air of the Custom House is so chilly
notwithstanding the hot time in Major
Moore's office.
Cal. glace fro.. 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Our store will be open evenings until
Christmas. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Mar
ket street. •
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
"California wild flowers." "Chinese"
and "Indian:" 48 styles. Christmas carda
as usual. Sanborn, Vail & Co. •
He — Do you believe, Miss Faith, that an
ass ever spoke?
She — Yes; don't you? — Life.
No New Years table Is complete without a
bottle of Dr. Slegerfs Angostura Bitters, the
great South American tonic of exquisite flavor.
AD V ERTISEMENTS.
Beautiful
HOLIDAY
GOODS
Pictures, Statuary, Vases,
Ornaments, French and
Dresden Cabinets, Onyx
Pedestals and Tables,
Lamps, Art Novelties,
Fine
Crockery and Glassware
S. & G.GUMP
113 Geary St.
you never saw such
beautiful
opera-glasses
as we have just
received!
Opticians ko^ a k gency
642 Market St.
chronicle building-
WE EMPLOY NO AGENTS.WAS TWICE
NIPPED IS
ICE FIELDS
Hard Luck of Whaler
Alexander.
CAUGHT NO WHALES THIS TRIP
CREW WILL HAVE NO HOLIDAY
SPENDING MONEY.
Apprentice Boys Entertained by Ship
ping Men in the Rooms of the
Young Men's Christian
Association.
The steam whaler Alexander, the last
of the fleet, got in from the Arctic yes
terday. She left here on March 31 last,
and comes back clean, so the crew will
have no money to buy Christmas presents
this year. Captain Tilton reports that on
October 30 the Norwegian steamer Bow
tiead salted from Plover Bay, Siberia, for
Yokohama. One of her crew fell from
aloft, but was not killed, and another
broke his leg while cutting up a whale.
IMPRISONED IN FIFTY MILES OF ICE,
The steam-whaler Alexander had. a hard luck season this year.
Just when the very best whaling was going on she was caught in an ice
field and held prisoner from May 1 to June 20. She was again caught in
the ice in Plover Bay, on the Siberian coast, and very nearly had to
spend the winter there. As it was, she lost two anchors while making
her escape.
The Alexander put into Dutch Harbor
after leaving Plover Bay, and sailed from
there on November 8 for San Francisco.
A heavy gale was encountered, so the
bnrk returned to her anchorage and dirt
rot make another start until November 23.
At Dutch Harbor the Alaska Commercial
Company was extending its wharf when
the Alexander left. The schooner Pearl
was fitting out for San Francisco and was
to sail via I'nga about December 1.
Ah sorts of stories came from the Arctic
about the Alexander. She was reported
with Fix whales, ashore at Cape Nava
rine, wrecked, and, last of all, with four
whales. The facts of the case are that
she was caught in the ice at Cape Nava
rine, and the only whalebone secured by
the crew was what they got from the
natives in trade. The Alexander was in
the ice off Capo Navarine from May 1 to
June 2<j. She was making her way
through an ice field, when it closed in on
her, and there she had to stay. The field
extended for fifty miles, and every day
tb'_> crew could see the Ice curl up in dif
f rent directions when a jam came.
Luckily, no jam came in the vicinity of
the Alexander, so she escaped being badly
nipped. After getting out of the ice there
■u.i.s not a whale to be found, so Captain
Tilton went tradng on the Siberian coast.
there hard luck and the ice followed
her, and she was nearly frozen in in
Plover Hay. At Dutch Harbor John
Blai k of the crew deserted.
The apprentice boys on the various
Khips in the harbor to the number of 100
A-DVERTISEMENTS.
Stop
It
iheKeeley Treatment
will help you stop.
The only sure help
you 'ye got.
THE KEELEY INSTITUTES.
1170 Market Street, San FYanclsoo
Donohoe Building.
Lankershim Building. Third and
Spring Sts., Los Angelo*.
Fred A. Pollock, Manager.
and more had a great time in the par
lors of the Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation on last Tuesday night. People
from all the big shipping and grain houses
in this city, a delegation from Berkeley
and another from Sausallto, and a fair
sprinkling of ship captains, were there
to help the boys to have a good time.
Archdeacon Emery of the Church of tne
Advent welcomed the boys, and the Rev.
Mr Fullerton of the Seamen's Institute
returned thanks on their behalf. Rev. H.
H. Dobbins made a capital address, tak
ing for his theme "Old Olory and tne
I'nion Jack of Old England." There were
songs and recitations and choruses, in
which the boys joined with a will, and at
9 p. m. there was supper. Then there
were more songs and short addresses by
the Rev. David James and S. Irvine, and
all wound up with ice cream and cake.
All in all. It was the most enjoyable af
fair ever gotten up for the sailor boys in
San Francisco.
The old whaling bark Mermaid, that
was taken out of Oakland Creek last
spring and made a trip to Kotzebue
Sound with gold hunters, was sold at auc
tion yesterday. B. H. Madison bought her
for $1250. and will probably send her back
to Oakland Creek for the present.
The steamer City of Columbia, that had
such a groat time getting from New lork
to Seattle, and was libeled on arrival by
half a dozen different parfies. seems des
tined to end her days in Hawaiian waters.
Her stop In Honolulu cost the owners
$25,000 in lawyers' foes and other ex
penses, and she now lies in Hilo In
charge of a Marshal, owing the crew
SW.OOu for wages. The steamer's credit
is gone, and the sailors would have starv
ed had not the United States Consul step
ped in to help them. The insurance on
the Columbia is said to be only $20,000.
The steamer Hupeh. which has been ex
pected here from Hongkong via Yoko
hama and Honolulu ever since last Sat
urday, is a sister ship to the Shantung,
which was here last month. She was
formerly in the sugar trade between Java
and Hongkong, but was chartered by the
Pacific Mail Steamship Company to bring
over the surplus freight which the reg
ular boats could not handle. The omy
passenger on the Hupeh is B. H. Wright.
He was a lieutenant on the collier Bru
tus, which accompanied the monitor
Monterey to Manila. He was invalided
home, and started back on the City of
Para. He went ashore at Nagasaki, and
missed his boat.
The brig Geneva arrived at Mazatlan
yesterday, after an unusually fast run of
eleven days from this port.
COURT WILL BE HELD
ON A GAME PRESERVE
PROMINENT MEMBERS WHO
TRANSGRESSED LAWS.
Billy Berg Appeals to the Officers of
the Tamalpais Sportsmen's
Club for Damages.
A special meeting of the directors of
the Tamalpals Sportsmen's Club will be
held on Sunday next to hear certain
charges which have been entered by Billy
Berg against John Bergez and Werner
Stalif. The complaint reads:
To the Honorable Otto Muser. President
Tamalpais Sportsmen's Club— Dear Sir: In ac
cordance with the laws which govern our club
I consider that I am entitled to damages
.imountinß to a dinner for five persons or its
equivalent, viz., JICO. By a reference to our
by-laws you will see on page 5 of the big game
book that Metlon 8 reads thusly; "Any member
who designedly or otherwise disappoints a
brother member when an engagement is made
• • .ii'P^ar at headquarters on a certain day
or time for any particular purpose, thereby
;;u:-ing the disappointed member a monetary
loss or a loss* of appetite occasioned by de
•i feelings, etc., will be fined In accord
ance with the facts eiiclted the sum of $100
which money in accordance with the president's
wishes ehall be expended in a dinner for five
club members to be selected by the president "
etc.
The story goes that last Sunday Billy
. 5 t^ fter navin c a verbal understanding
with Messrs Berges and Stauf that they
shoul'i nn-et him at the game lodge near
Manzanita at 2 p. m., hastened in the ear
ly hours of morning from Sausalito to
the happy hunting grounds. He engaged
a spanking fine team in Sausalito, and in
the conveyance there were stowed safely
away several bottles of choice wines and
edibles of a kind which only those in afflu
ent circumstances can afford to taste.
Arriving at the lodge, Mr. Berg informed
the gamekeepers and the royal chef tnat
two of his most intimate friends would
be over in good season for an afternoon
dinner. Consequently a few brace of
mountain ritiespants, blackcock and wood
cock, fresh from the bush, were
brought into camp by the head gillie.
Time flew by fast as the most entertain
ing narratives of the chase were related
by the keepers much to the enjoyment of
Mr. Berg and his rapidly accumulating
appetite.
When the clock in the royal shack
struck 2 and not a single representative
of the high class shooting squad was in
sight, Mr. Berg waxed angry; but he
hoped for better results. At 3 o'clock he
mounted a keeper's charger and rode to
the highest peak, and there scanned over
miles of unbroken sod, but no Bergez and
no Stauf could be discerned— not even
through the club's powerful telescope,
which is guaranteed to land an object of
any reasonable size at from fifty to a
hundred miles distant on a clear day.
When the clock struck 4 Mr. Berg de
parted for home, leaving a magnificent
appetite and the delicacies of the season
The keepers enjoyed the feast of their
live? as the champion deer slayer nf the
club gave all to them. Ever since Sunday
Mr Berg has been using divers kinds of
language, but he prays for damages in
plain English, and doubtless the meeting
of club officers and legal advisers, winch
la to be held on Sunday, will be the
warmest that has ever taken place on the
grandest inland game preserve west of
the Rocky Mountains.
Luriine Salt Water Baths,
Bueh and Larkln st». Swimming. Russian, hot
and cold tub baths. Saltwater Olrttt&romooeaii.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1898.
CHESTNUT AND
HIS TORPEDOES
They Wreak Havoc in a Natoma-Street
Lodging House — Mrs. Hansen
Badly Injured.
A LITTLE, ricketty, two-story lodging house at 255 Natoma street was
the scene of an explosion yesterday afternoon, which completely
wrecked the building and for a time created the wildest excitement
in the neighborhood. As yet It is unexplained, but the Fire Mar
shal will make a rigid Investigation.
The room in which the explosion occurred was occupied by J. N.
Chestnut, an erratic, misplaced genius of the Colonel Mulberry Sellers'
type, who is always on the verge of making a discovery "with millions In
It," and he is the only immediate sufferer from the explosion. He took
the room about three weeks ago and immediately began manufacturing
toy torpodoes, which he supplied to the small boys in the neighborhood.
The torpedoes were successful to such a degree that the police finally or
dered him to quit making them and he started to find a market for them
outside the city. At about half-past 1 o'clock yesterday afternoon the
neighborhood was Btartled by a deafening explosion which shook every
building in the block. Plaster came rattling down to the accompaniment
of the clink of breaking glass and the creaking of timbers. Women and
children rushed screaming Into the narrow street, and a dense cloud of
smoke was seen to arise from the rear of 255. Mrs. Hanson, who was ly
ing sick in her room at 257, was thrown out of bed and the shock to her
nervous system is so great that it is probable she will not recover. An
alarm of fire was at once turned in, but when the firemen arrived they
found that there was no blaze— nothing but smoke and wreckage and an
old man washing blood from his face and hands.
It would be hard to inrngine a room more completely demolished than
the one in which the explosion took place. There was not a whole stick
of furniture nor an unbroken pane of glass in the room- Chestnut, cov
ered with blood and trembling with fright, was taken to a free clinic in
the neighborhood. The skin was torn from his face and hands and one
eye was missing. He went away after his wounds were dressed and has
not been seen since.
The owner of the house tried to throw an air of mystery about the
whole thing. He declined to make any statement or any explanation.
Judging from appearances the explosion took place in the bureau in
Chestnuts room, but he claims that he had prepared a box for shipment,
but thinking it unsafe, started to open it with a hammer and chisel. As
a natural result the first blow of the hammer caused sufficient concussion
to explode the contents.
TAKES THREE MEDALS
BLATZ BREWING COMPANY AT
OMAHA SHOW.
COMPETES SUCCESSFULLY WITH
LEADING BREWERIES.
Two Gold Medals Were Awarded to
Blatz's Export Beer and to the Com
pany's Malt-Vivine— The General
Display Captured a Silver Medal.
Two gold and a silver medal have been
awarded to the V'al. Blatz Brewing Com
pany on its products by the Trans-Missis
sippi and International Exposition at Oma
ha, which has recently been brought to a
successful conclusion. The gold medals
were awarded to the Val. Blatz export
beer and to the Val. Blatz Malt-Vivine
for quality, in competition with the world,
and the silver medal was awarded on the
general display of products made by the
company at the exposition. The managers
of the brewing company are much elated
over the awards, as they have a right to
be for their products were not only
brought into direct competition with the
leading brewing companies of this, but
with those of many of the countries of
the old world.
The Blatz Brewing Company has passed
the half-century line since it was organ
ized and is now one of the leading brew
ing plants of the United States. Arrange
ments are being made at the present time
to enlarge the plant materially next sum
mer.
. ♦ ■
MABEL TREADWELL'S FUNDS.
Now the Subject of Litigation in
Judge Troutt's vourt.
The action of Calvin P. Summers
against the California Savings and Loan
Society to recover a judgment of $14,000
was opened before Judge Troutt and a
jury yesterday morning. The plaintiff al
leges' that in 1592 Mrs. Mabel Treadwell
deposited the money in the bank and sub
sequently assigned it to him. The bank
denies that Mrs. Treadwell ever assigned
the -money, on information and belief,
while H. C. Summers. Joseph Nolan and
Maud Nolan, who are joined as defend
ants aver that they have an interest in
the deposit, and pray that the plaintiff
take nothing by his action.
Artists' Materials.
"We are agents for Winsor & Newton's
celebrated artists* materials, the finest in
the world; also carry bath enamel, gold
paint, 'iquid glue, house and floor paint?,
wood stains, etc.. in small cans for family
use Sanborri, Vail & Co., 741 Market. *
In the Divorce Courts.
Decrees of divorce on the ground of
willful neglect have been granted Soriada
Chaves from Victorino Chaves; Matilda
R. Tuckey from A. R. Tuckey: Helena
Ceiss from Georg-e Ceiss. and My rah F.
Evans from Edwin W. Evans. Hortense
G Daggett filed suit yesterday against
Almore G. Daggett for a divorce, alleging
cruelty as a cause of action.
For Holiday Wines: Burgundy. Gutedel, old
Ports and Sherries, select. Sampling free. Deli
cious 5c wines. Mohns & Kaltenbach, 29 Mkt.
Value of a Pound Sterling.
An opinion was handed down by Judge
Belcher yesterday in the suit of the Drake
Properties, limited, against Francis Cun
ADVERTISEMENTS.
E+E+H+H+H+B+B+B+B+B+B+H+H+B+H+H+B+B+B+B+H+a*
j ARE YOU AWEAK MAN ?
T: ■ ■'-■'/ ,- ■ ..' ! ■ - • " r' 
4- ifflCStSiv Pi O YOU REALIZE THAT YOU
¥m .. |f f^^^^BlK. -- # L' are not the man you should
+ '^^%.^aßi»A : jB&Ssi — •'_--/. be at your age? Do you find your
■ C l fjL WJ£*r~ "^i strength failing you, exposing the
+ »/^32l TO* i&r^QS&ferJa great drain that has been sapping
B W. y S -iW the very life and ambition out of
+ *<<itrSmr yon? Does this knowledge mar
?^&®%Mo*BiJ V Jhsmwlr your life? Then it is time for you
-{• ' **"* JlraiP^ to look seriously to your health.
" vffl/ * Ms^ ■ ' You need such a remedy as Dr.
1 :O»W: O»W Sanden's Electric Belt,, from
fl CWI§GL*«*V^-?->Gwb& which you can absorb new
+ «ffilil*i****' % strength and vitality. It is a
■ -fS^4^, E rand remedy for any one who is
'■ S^ it iTinKlW weak in vitality, from whatever
B • - cause. ■■.:
5 WEAKNESS CURED IN SIX WEEKS. : /^. 
+ DR. SANDEN-Dear : Sir: E Six weeks ago I received your ' Bel t.and I am proud to
■ .ay that it has helped me wonderfully. My back do««'nt bother xne,_^_S? lm^2| -
. veins are ' hardly . noticeable. The drains have almost stopped. lam much Impr-iea
+ and am clad to say the rupture Is one- third the size It was before usln the Belt. ;
I I The Belt ba» done all you claimed for It. I D™ Wnla City. Nev. :
? DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT.
2 To men who are weak Dr. Sanden's Electrjc Belt is -.worth its weight ;
M in sold. It gives new life to the weak .nerve* and restores the most
! ! preciouß element of manly i power. ,If you are weak } call and see Dr. ,
IE Sanden or send for his book. 
X. ; READ "THREE CLASSES OF MEN."
I I This is a grand book, written by Dr. : Sanden for weak men, and all
■ • men suffering from the failure of vitality in any organ of the body- le It
I I is full of Joyous. news to weak men. It is free. Try Dr. Banden's Elec-
•■ trie Belt if you are weak. Call or address . /. ,;....-- .>., / . : ;."-. " ;
!! DR. A. X. SANDEN, *~~7T" ih none ™,™ '
]l ' 702 Xtrktt Street, Comer Kearay, Baa rrueiiet. ItU I 111 UnUD v I UnCdi
• ! sss? S p aoir nh fcjsuirasss « Jk v
II - I&Sm. ?•?•. «5 Main »tr»«t: * Butt.. Mont. ; at our offlc*. j
. . 11« Korth Mala mtt**t. *■ — " " *
ii+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+Bfß+a+B+B+a+B-
- ■ ..-.-. --■'■■■■■■'■'-'' ■ ■ ~ ■ ■ - ' - ■
ningham Gehrlcke deciding an important
point in that case. Defendant entered into a
contract to purchase certain shares of the
plaintiff corporation for the sum of £750
a share. On October 1, 1897, the defendant
was caJled upon to pay the money,
amounting to $11,381 50. He refused to
pay and attachment proceedings were in
stituted. On the motion to dissolve the
injunction it was contended by the ■de
fendant that the value of a pound ster
ling had been fixed by Congress at $4 86,
and upon that estimate he owed less than
was demanded. Judge Belcher refused to
sustain the contention, holding that the
valuation established by act of Congress
applies only to customs revenues of the
I nited State? and has no bearing on com
mercial transactions, which must be sub
ject to the ordinary fluctuations of or
dinary commercial exchange.
ALICE BEACH McCOMAS.
The Gifted Musician to Be Heard in
This City.
The piano recital to be given by Miss
Alice Beach McComas next Monday even
ing at the Century Hall on Sutter street
promises the music-loving public of the
city at least one more individual exhibi
tion of genius before the close of the
present year. During the past year mu
sical prodigies innumerable have been in
troduced for judgment before the critics,
but most of these have been found to
simplj^ possess a partially developed tal
ent. In Miss McComas, however, will be
found a true perfection in her art which
comes from long and indefatigable study,
aided by natural genius.
Her repertoire has almost no limit. She
can interpret the intricate and complex
compositions of Mendelssohn, Schubert
Mozart, and, in short, all the great com
posers with the greatest facility, accent
ing fully and perfectly with an inimitable
ease the compositions rendered.
Among her patrons in this city are-
Mayor Phelan. Irving Scott, Marco Hell
man, David Lubln, Henry N. Clement.
Mrs. William H. Mills, Mrs. Lovell
x- I , t , e \« Mrs - Fran * Sullivan. Mrs. James
Neall Mrs. Marrlner Campbell, and a host
01 t other prominent men and women
«. p^ sl J, ile on the ev enln& of the recital
Miss McComas will introduce before the
public one of her most promising pupils,
iharles A. Rossler, a deaf musician, well
known in Chicago and. in fact, generally
throughout the Eastern States, but more
particularly | n this city. This marvel of
musical ability sprang into prominence
more from his absolute deafness which
prevents him from distinguishing the
slightest sound, than through his other
wise extraordinary cleverness. Mr. Ros
sier was at one time a prominent figure
in both business and social circles of this
city. He was a member of many of the
most prominent glee clubs where, not
withstanding his affliction, he particular
ly shone aa a musician, wit and what the
world calls a "good josher "
The coming recital by Miss McComas
promises to be both an interesting and
enjoyable entertainment.
Ladies' tailor-made suits. Fur capes, cloaks
credit. M. Rothschild. 211 Putter st.. r. 6 and 7.
Will Be Married on Sunday
Miss Julia Raabe, youngest daughter of
Fred Raabe, tho well-known politician
and foreman for the Harbor Commission
ers on the belt railroad, is to be married
next Sunday to Peter Brady of South San
Francisco. Mr. Brady is with the Norton
Tanning Company, and has a large circle
of friends in this city. The ceremony will
be performed at 2941 Sixteenth street, the
home of the bride.
The "Koh-I-Noor" copying pencil la
largely taking the place of fountain pens.*
San Francisco's Big Business.
Statistics have been compiled by the
Potofßce Department showing that in
gross postofnee receipts San Francisco
stands the ninth city in the United States.
BRODERICK
PULLS THE LAW
ON DIRECTORS
Has Taken Up the
Fight of Teachers.
MORE CLAIMS HELD UP
PEDAGOGUES MUST GET NOVEM
BER PAY.
Until Salary Bills Are Adjudicated
Favored Merchants Must
Wait for Their
Money.
In Auditor Broderlck the teachers have
found a strong armed champion, and he
has taken Up the fight for their rights
against the School Directors with a wea
pon furnished him by the School Board
itself.
When the board cut off the November
pay of the teachers at its meeting a week
ago it expected no more opposition than
a general kick. There were claims from
local merchants aggregating nearly
$75,000 for necessary and unnecessary sup
plies decorating every pigeon-hole in Sec
retary Welch's office. The merchants
not only had votes, but recourse for their
claims to the bondsmen of the Directors.
The teachers had neither. Of a conse
quence the teachers suffered, and $15,000
of supply claims were audited and sent
downstairs to Auditor Broderick. At the
same time the salaries of office and shop
employes, amounting to $1450. were
signed and sent to the same official.
The teachers held the expected indigna
tion meeting, passed fitting resolutions,
waxed warm in the neckwear and de
cided to resort to mandamus proceedings
to compel the payment of their Christ-
mas money.
The litigation threatened by the teach
ers gave the Auditor his opportunity and
he has held up and refused to audit the
$15,000 in supply claims and the $1450 of
office and shop salaries until such time as
the teachers' claims snail have been ad
judicated.
Though Auditor Broderick has been con
fined to a sick bed for several weeks past
he has kept in close touch with affairs at
the hall, and has been well represented
at his office by his chief deputy, Dan
Leary- Both are convinced that they
have the law with them in their present
action, and they propose to hold tha
claims of the favored ones of the Direct
ors until the board has been forced to
acknowledge the rights of the pedagogues
or the courts have brought to bear some
force stronger than moral suasion.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
Estates in Probate.
The will of William Foster was filed for
probate yesterday. Decedent's estate,
which is valued at fIS.OOO, Is bequeathed
three sisters, share and share alike. The
will of Richard C. Dawes establishes a
trust on one-half of a $9000 estate for the
benefit of two children, me remaining
half being devised to the widow of the
deceased.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
urajirpassa in • By our sys-
TO D N ES.GM tern A of. pay-
»nd durability- ments, every
family of mod-
P^-^€& 6raie c ' rcum '
ft aj^^-i stances can
own a fine piano. We take old in-
struments in exchange and deliver
the piano in your house free of
expense.
Write for catalogue and full ex-
planations.
You can deal with us at a distant
point the same as in San Francisco.
Clark, Wise & Go.,
41 GEARY ST., Cor. Grant aye.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
AMUSEMENTS.
MOROSCO'SeRAWsi
¥ alt.sk Mobobco, Sole Lessee and Manager
THIS EVENING AT 8.
First Production in This City of
BLACKLISTED !
SONGS, DANCES, SPECIALTIES!
POPULAR PRICES ............. ....10c, 25c, 800
Seats on Sale at Box Office and Main Floor
Emperiuni. "
INGLESIDE COURSING PARK
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY. Dec. 10 and 11.
OPEN STAKE
....ALL THE....
Crack Greyhounds !
'; ■ . '7^,-' '' '—'-, :;":■ .[^-:- ..
Take a Mission-street car and it \ will land
you at the' gates. . . '
ADMISSION, 25c. LADIES FREE.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Winter Meeting 1898-99. beginning MONDAY.'
Nov. 28, to SATURDAY, Dec. 10. inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.; *
. Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine. ";:'
\ FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
Races Start at 2:16 p. m.. Sharp."' '
Ferryboats leave San Francisco at :2 m. and
12:30, 1, 1:30, v 2, 2:30 and 3■p. , m. -- connecting '
with trains . stopping at the * entrance to : th» ■
Track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
- Returning— Trains \ leave the ; Track ■*. at ~> 4:15
and 4:45 p. m. and immediately after last race. I
> -/ THOS. iH. WILLIAMS .• ~R.. President. T
j B. B. MILROY. Secretary. r,; J
■;■_;:_;.;/ ■.-■; y. _ ;'. ADVEBTISEMEIITS.
-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-I
SPECIAL IMPORTATIONS ;
. . . OF ... ,
New and Fashionable ■
JACKETS, CAPES, SUITS;
LADIES' . DRESS SKIRTS! I
LADIES' jRESS SKIRTS! :
Our Cloak Department this week presents a most fashion-
able array of Novelties In Ladies', Misses' and Children's Outer •
Garments, which so far surpasses any display yet made, both in i
quality and price, that we can confidently pronounce this an ex- i
ceilent opportunity for Intending purchasers. .-•;.
LADIES' SKIRTS. \
,:.r-. Atsi.ob. i
LADIES' COLORED DRESS SKIRTS, made of fancy mixed suiting, lined '
with percaline and bound with velvet; regular price $1.50; sale price $1 each. ■
: -. ;.'■:'.-., ; ' . ..■ At $2.75. .y / , I
LADIES' COLORED DRESS SKIRTS, made of fancy suiting, in all the lat-
est colorings, double lined and bound with velvet; regular price $4.50; sale .
price $2.75 each. I
AtTisiroo. i
LADIES* BLACK CREPON DRESS SKIRTS, double- lined and bound with
velvet; regular price $7.50; sale price $5 each. .. \ I
At 75 Oents. I
LADIES' PRINTED COTTON MOREEN UNDERSKIRTS, Spanish flounce
with ruffle; regular price $1.25; sale price 75c each. |
Arsi.oo. ,
LADIES' FANCY COTTON MOREEN UNDERSKIRTS, Spanish flounce '
, with ruffle; regular price $1.75; sale price $1 each.
children^Treefers.
At $2.50. l '
CHILDREN'S REEFERS, made of mixed Cheviot, double-breasted, strap on I
backs, trimmed with braid; regular price $4 and $5; sale price $2.50 each.
At~sabo. '
CHILDREN'S REEFERS, made of fancy cloakings in all the latest shades, I
sailor collars trimmed with braid; regular price $8.50 and $10; sale price $a
each. f :?j
Ladies and Misses Jackets. '
i
At $2.90.
LADIES' COVERT CLOTH JACKETS, fly fronts, faced with cloth; regular '
price $5; sale price $2.90 each.
•;At $5.00! :.
MISSES' JACKETS in Kersey, Covert or two-toned Boucle cloth, some silk '
lined, others faced with silk; regular price $5.50 and $10; sale price $5 each. "
AtT^e.so.
MISSES' JACKETS, made of Covert, Kersey, Cheviot and Boucle cloth, col-
ors tan, brown, blue and green'; also black; regular price $10 and $12.50; sale i
price $6.50 each. , I
At $7.50. I
MISSES' JACKETS, made of Kersey, Covert, Cheviot and Boucle cloth, some
lined and others half lined with silk; regular price $12.50 and $15 each; sals '
price $7.50 each.
At $10.00.
MISSES' JACKETS, made of fine imported cloths, in all the latest shades, lined
with silk, fly or double-breasted fronts; regular price $15 and $17.50; sale
price $10 each. ~
lf ! ,J Murphy Building-, J
Market anS Jones Streets.
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA_THEATER
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
KOSTER & BIAL'S
GAYEST MANHATTAN!
-.'■■'•' •: SUPERIOR ARTISTS— SO^— —
TALENTED PEOPLE.
Its music— a rare dish of delicious melodies.
Its dances— the acme of graceful movement.
-Its specialties— melange of superior vaude-
VIUe ' MATINEE SATURDAY.
EXTRA...
Beginning NEXT MONDAY.
Evans and Hoey's evergreen success,
HOYT'S
"A PARLOR MATCH!"
■^: A COMPANY OF THIRTY.
, s ATS NOW READ V. — .-
CALIFORN]A_THEATER.
LAST 3 NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY.
Always Attracting Crowds.
CHAB. E. ELANEY'S
BIG EXTRAVAGANZA SUCCESS,,
A Boy Wanted
A modern conception of comedy happily
. . ■.: fashioned. .;^_ ;.-..>'•:■
Prices^/.. .....15c, 25c.' 35c, 50c and 75c
Next Sunday.. .......ZTT.... DANIEL SULLY
In His New Play
"UNCLE BOB."
ALCAZAR THEATER.
SEATS BY PHONE MAIN 254.
l i-r -;>'.U-,, : i - LAST ' NIGHTS. .
MATINEE SATURDAY ONLY.
Double Comedy Programme,
THE PRIVATE
SECRETARY!
Preceded by Louise Veil a One Act Com-
edietta,
KEEPING UP APPEARANCES.
'Next "ALABAMA." :
.* .■■ . SEATS NOW ON SALE.
CHUTES AND ZOO!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
A Big, Bright Bill in the Free Theater!
MAUD GAGE, the Premier. Whistler.
i OMNE, Japanese Lady Magician.
CLAIRE FEX, the Diminutive Duo.
CONCHITA, the Universal Favorite.
LOLA ASHBY, Marvelous Equilibrist.
A. L. RHORER, Descriptive Barytone.
See CONGO, the f Gorilla Man; JOE STORMS
JR., Orang-Outang, and SALLY.' Chimpanzee.
TO-NIGHT,
AMATEUR NIGHT!
10c. r Including Zoo and .Theater; l Children, sc.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, THE
- great Mexican remedy; - gives health and
[ strength to sexual organs. Depot, ' 323 Market ,
[/If Murphy Building-, J
Market and Jones Streets.
■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■—■—■—■— ■—■—o
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng. Proprietor and Mer.
THIS EVENING AT ' 8 PRECISELY.
California Commercial Travelers' Night!
THE SUPERB PRODUCTION OF— —
Edmond Rostand's Romantic Play
CYRANO DE
BERGERAC!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 1:45.—
NEXT WEEK
The Favorite Comic Opera,
"THE MASCOT!".
THREE PRIM A DONNAS IN THE CAST.
MYERS— CROX.
Popular Price 5........."....;.;... 25c and 500
A Reserved Seat for the Matinee 23a
: Our Telephone, Bush 9.
MME. CAMILLA URSO,
WORLD FAMOUS VIOLINISTE.
:'*'; The Sensation of the. Day,
PAUL BATH'S ACROBATIC BEARS.
BAKER, SELLERY AND BARTLETT, Com-
edy Sketch Trio. < ■ . -
ARNESON, Premiere Equilibrist.
HARRY ATKINSON. Musical Imitator.
JOE FLYNN. Monologulst.
EMMA CART'S. Barytone.
LILLIE WESTERN, Instrumentalist.
WILSON FAMILY. New Comedy.
Reserved Beats, 25c. Balcony, 10c. Opera
chairs and box seats, 60c. .■ «* -
MATINEES WED.. SAT. AND SUNDAY.
MECHANICS' PAVILION
GHARITYBAZAAR
AND
CALIFORNIA MUSICAL CONTEST
HEBREW ORPHAN ASYLUM BAND
Versus
SAN FRANCISCO AMATEUR BAND.
Big Concert— Orchestra— Special ■ At-
tractions. ;. •.
ADMISSION 25c. ' ' "'
CONCERTS AND RESORT*.
PRESS CLUB ENTERTAINMENT.
... COLUMBIA THEATER,
THURSDAY AFTERNOON, DEC. 8. 1898. ;<
EIGHT SHOWS IN ONE !
Specialties from Every; Playhouse In the City.
SECURE SEATS EARLY. * BOX OFFICE
: -■;,' NOW OPEN. -.-
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Daily from 7 A. N. to 6 P. ,M.
Rathinji ' from 7 A. M. to 5 P. M. ■-
ADMISSION 10c - - - - CHILDREN Sj
Bathing, with admission. 25c; children, 20c.
THE WEEKLY CALL,
$1.50 per Year.
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS. ; £V
Silver unchanged.
Wheat weak. Barley firmer.
Oats strong. Com and Rye dull.
Hay and Feedstuffs unchanged.
White Beans scare* and firm.
Vegetables doing better.
Potatoes and Onions unchanged.
Butter advanced again.
Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Poultry and Game steady.
Fruit market dull.
Meats unchanged.
Sugar firm at the advance.
Stocks of grain published.
S.TOCKS OF QRAIJ^
The Produce Exchange ha* Just issued Its
usual semi-annual estimate of the stock of
grain on hand In the State December 1. It la
as follows, compared with December 1, 1597:
1898 1897
Wheat, ctls 6,494,800 9.132,640
Barley. ctls 1.284.200 3.136.020
Oats, trie 186.000 100,160
Rye, ctls 38,440 55.240
The lightness of the stocks of wheat and
barley this year as compared with last Is, of
course, due to the dry season.
THE SUGAR SUPPLY.
The latest estimates of the world's Sugar
crop of lEJ7-9S compare as follows:
1896-97. 1897-98.
Cane, tons .....2.889.545 2.792,428
Beet 4,902,765 4,778,685
Total 7.792.310 7,666,113
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Merid!an-Paclflc Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 7. 5 p. m. .
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfall in past 24 hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 hours, season, season.
Eureka 0.00 6.13 12.87
Red Bluff 0.00 2.13 6.17
Sacramento ...'.... 0.00 1.61 3.68
San Francisco 0.00 2.38 3.60
Fresno 0.00 1.49 1.66
Independence 0.00 0.30 0.00
San Luis Oblspo 0.06 0.73 1.41
Los Angeles Trace 0.11 2.43
San Diego 0.01 0.23 1.15
Tuma 0.00 0.20 0.77
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
66; minimum temperature, 54; mean tempera
ture, 60 degrees. • •
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST. _____
The area of unusually high pressure which
haw existed in the plateau region between the
Sierra and Rocky Mountains shows signs ■Of
dissipating. The pressure has fallen more than j
three-tenths of an inch in Utah during the past .■
twenty-four hours. The barometer is still high- i
est In Idaho. A Elisht depression is central I
this evening In Southern California, which is
causing cloudy weather and occasional light
rain in that tection. The greatest amount re
corded at any place Is 0.06 of an inch at San
Luis Oblspo. Conditions are favorable for
further showers In that section to-night, fol
lowed by clearing, colder weather Thursday. !
The weather will became more unsettled in
Northern California Thursday night.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 80 hours
ending December 8. ISS<R:
For Northern California— Generally fair
Thursday, increasing cloudiness Friday night; |
fresh north wind, shifting to southeast Thurs- |
day night.
Southern California — Partly cloudy Thursday. '
probably with brisk north wind and occasional '
rain.
Nf-vada— Fair Thursday.
Utah— Cloudy Thursday, probably with local
snow.
Arizona— Local rain Thursday, with snow in
north portion.
For Pan Francisco and vicinity — Generally !
fair Thursday, fresh variable wind, becoming
southeast Thursday night.
Special report from Mount Tamalpals — Clear;
wind northeast, 8 miles per hour; maximum
temperature, SS; current, 56.
W. H. HAMMON,
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW York, Dec 7.— The stock market was
strong throughout, except for the slight easing
off about midday, but toward the close de
veloped ajrjrres.«i.-e strength and lert off at gen
erally higher prices. At the opening there
wbf sympathetic strength ■with London, where
American? were the feature, notably Norfolk
and Western preferred, which was largely
purchased on intimations that the dividend
rate might be increased.
Norfolk and Western preferred was conspicu
ous also In the local dealings both in activity
and strength on the company's supposed divi
dend prospect. There seemed to be but little
floating supply of this stock for the time be-
InK. and prices advanced 2%. On moderate pur
chases by London and commission houses,
standard stocks and the internationals were
firm the greater part of the day and advanced
with the rest of the list toward the close.
The high-priced specialties, including Tobacco,
Sugar and People's Gas, showed a decided up
ward tendency. Metropolitan Street Railway
was erratic but gained fractionally. The Paci
fies were less prominent than of late. Cleve
land, Columbus, Cincinnati aud Bt. Louis, re
flecting Increased earnings, advanced moder
ately.
The bond market presented many new feat
ures of interest to-day. Norfolk and Western
consols fours loomed to the front with an Im-
Jirovement of 2 points on exceptionally heavy
trading. Speculation generally was quite
strong in tone with the 4 per cent mortgages of
various properties absorbing the great bulk of
the dealings. Total sales, $5,500,000.
United States new fours registered and fives
Coupon advanced Vt. and the new fours coupon
old fours registered and the fives registered %
In the bid prices.
Total sales of stocks to-day were 391,400
shares, including' Atchison preferred 10 22i
Central Pacific 91,538, C. and O. 12,060, Burlingl
ton 5025. Manhattan 3765, Metropolitan 9620,
Northern Pacific 4752, Rock Island 3020, Union
Pacific preferred 6310. St. Paul 6755 Union Pa
cific 7077. Tobacco 27,690. Steel preferred 3552.
People's Gas 3865, Consolidated Gas, 34M) Sugar
IS,O£O, Leather preferred 3123, Rubber 5240 St.
L. and San Francisco 440, do preferred 6655.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson 16% Do prefd CCft
Do prefd 46% j Do 2d prefd 31%
B & 0 58%! St t, & 8 W 6%
Can Pac 84 Do prefd ic£
Can Southern 54% St Paul 113%
Cent Pac 34%! Do prefd 162
dies & Ohio 25* I St P & Omaha.... M%
Chi & Alton 163%! Do prefd 164
CB & Q 119 St PM & M 168
Thi Ind & L 7ft :So Pacific : 28
Do prefd 110%' So Railway 3O'-i
Chi G W 14% Do prefd 41"»
Chi Ind * 1 7ft Tex & Pacific 15ft
Do prefd 32 Union Pacific 38%
Chi & N\V 139% Do prefd t»% i
Do prefd 185 U P D & O, 2d
C C C & St L 43%! as« paid... 12%
Do prefd 92 ■ Wabash 1%
Del & Hudson 104 ! Do prefd 21-*
Del L & YV 146 ft "VV &L E. 4th oast •
Den & P. G 15ft paid r.i
Do prefd 62% Do prefd do 21%
Erie (new) 13% Express companies—
Do Ist prefd 36% Adams Ex 109%
Ft Wayne 175 | American Ex 145
Ot North prefd... .136% United States Ex.. M
Hocking Valley.... 2*« Wells-FarßO 129
111 Cent 111% Miscellaneous-
Lake Erie & W.... 14ft Am Cot 0i1.... S3\;
Do prefd €214 Do prerd Mft
Lake Shore 193 Am Spirits 12%
Units & Nash 63' 2 Do prefd 36 !
hat tan L 9S'4 Am Tobacco ...139%
Met St. Ry..... 187% Do prefd 123
Mich Cent 109 ft Con Gas 191
Minn & St L 28ft Com Cable Co 184 ft
Do Ist prefd 95 Col F & Iron 2Sft
Ma Pacific 17% 1 Do prefd 77
Mobile & Ohio 27% Gen Electric 85
M X ft T lift Haw Com C 0....... 47 .
Do prefd 34% int Paper 58ft
N J Cent S3 \ Do prefd 90ft
N V Cent US',; Laclede Gas f.'ft
N V Chi *St L... 13 Lead 357?
Do Ist prefd 65 Do prefd liift
DO 2d pretd MM Nat Lin Oil 9%
Nor West 15Si Pac Mall ...: A3%
No Amer Co 7% People's Gas 109%
No Pacific 41ft Pullman Palace.. .l39ft
Do prefd 75% Silver cert 69ft
Ontario & West... 16^ Stand Rope & T.. 7ft
Or R & Nay 53 Sugar 126 ft
Or Short Line 36% Do prefd 113%
Pac Coast Ist pref "'» TC & Iron 31%
Do 2d prefd 57 0 S Leather 5%
Flttstmrg — 172 I Do prefd 674
Reading ISVi U S Rubber 4414
Do Ist prefd 45% Do prefd.... "108
ROW 27 West Union 94
Do prcrd 63 I Fed. Steel Co.. 31U
Rock Island 108VJ Do prefd .. 76H
St L & S F SV Brook Rapid Tran" 6»^
CLOSING BONDS.
D S 3s 106 ft N V Cen lsta ....117ft
U S new 4s reg...128 N J C .'.s mS
Do coup 128 North Car 6s i'9U
d 84s 111% Do 4s ....„....; 104
Do coup US No Pac lsts 1 117'
Do 2ds 59% Do 3h 67%
U S r.B reg 113 Do 4s 101%
Do 5s coup 112% N V C & 8 L 45..100\
r>li.trlct 3.65s 118 Nor «- W 6s 127
Ala class A 109% Xthwstrn con ... 144
Do B 109% Do deb 5s .......117ft
Do C ............100 O Nay lsts 114
Do cur 102 O Nay 4s 9914
Atrnison 4i SSft O 8 L 6s tr 130
Po adj 45........ 73% O S L 6s, tr 110 .
Can So 2ds .'. 11l Pacific «s of 95. ...102%
C * O 45.... 90 Reading 4s ........ 85ft
Chpo T 45........:. 93 ROW lsts. 90%
C & O 55... 117 SL * I M con Bs.lOOft
C H &-D 4ft5......104% S L & S F gen 6s. 122%
D & R G lsts. ...108 St. P con 161 ft
t> & Jl G 4s 99>-i St P C & P 15t5.;.12014
•tn?t Term 15t5....107>,; Do 5s list
Erie gen 4s ....... 74% So Ry 65.... .......104%
F W & D lsts tr. 794 Std R & T «5...... SO
Gen Elec 5b .108 Term new set 3«.. 94*;
D H & S A 6»....105 Tex Pac L O lsts.lO7Vi
Do 2ds ...........103 Do reg Mm ». 46H
H 4 T C 5s 112 Vi Union Pacific 45. .102%
Do con (is 110 UP D & G lsts.. Mfc
lowa C lsts 103*4 Wabash Ist 6s — 112%
La new con 4s ...107 Do 2ds 91V«
LAN Unl la 96 W Shore 4b 1W&
Missouri 6s 100 Va Centuries 81
M X & T 2ds 6-5 Do deferred. e,\
Do «9» 83% Wls.Cent lsts 62Vi
•-'■■■• MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 23! Ontario 4 60
Crown Point UjOptitr 60
Con Cal & Va...... 1 20 Plymouth 10
Deadwood . 40 Quicksilver 150
Gould & Curry.... 25 Do preferred..... 450
Hale & Norcross.. 1 40 Sierra Nevada .... 1 15
Homestake 50 00 Standard 05
Iron Silver 73 Union Con 24
Mexican 30 Yellow Jacket 15
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. , »■
Money— Westingh Elec 38*4
Call loans 2 ©3 Do preferred 39
Time loans 9%@4iEd Elec Tel 196
Stocks— 1 Gen Elec prefrd 172
Atch Top & St Fe.. 16% Atch prefrd 4614
Amer Sugar 126% Bonds-
Do preferred 113^ Atchlson 45.: 37
Bay State Ga5. ..2 n-iti Mining Shares-
Bell Telephone... 280 Allouez Mln C 0.... 5,4
Boston & Albany. .24s Atlantic 12
Boston & Maine. ...165 Boston & Mont. 238
Boston & L 80 Butte & Boston $4%
Chi Bur & Q 119 Calumet & Hecla.
Fitchburg 104% | Centennial 2h%
Gen Electric 85 .Franklin 18
Mexican Cen «14 Old Dominion...... 32«-J
NY & N Eng 9< Osceola Tlfi
Old Colony 1»6 Quincy 135
Or Short Line 37 Tamarack 18*
Rubber 4414 Wolverine 314
Union Pacific 384 Parrott 29
West End 89* Humboldt 3£
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Dec. 7.— The Evening Poat'n
financial cablegram says:
The stock markets here were quiet and Irreg
ular to-day. International stocks were dull on
Sir Edmund J. Monson's speech In Paris last
night. Americans were distinctly good and the
professional bulls were confident. Norfolk and
Western was the feature at the close, rising
over a dollar In the street.
Copper shares were weaker. With regard to
the market's expectations for to-morrow's
Bank of England statement. It may be noticed
that the net amount of gold exported during
the week ending to-day was £551.000, the de
0?111*'11111 * £857 -°°° BOI< I «n bar gold and
£0000 In French coin purchased It is be
lieved that the amount of money lent to Eu
rope by New York is now very large.
CLOSING.
r^ D -° J*?- 7 --Canadlan Pacific 86H;
Urand Trunk, 8. Bar Silver, easy 27 9-isd
Money, 2@2^ per cent.
Spanish fours closed at 41% c •
XA^ir^ >eC^2~ Spßllilih fours cloee<l at «-55.
MADRID, Dec. 7.-Spanlsh fours closed at
■Jl,
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Dec. 7,-FLOUR-Receipts. 80.
287 bbls; exports, 16.751 bbls. Market weaker
on spring patents and generally dull; Minne
sota patents, $3 70@3 90.
WHEAT- Receipts. 377.400 bushels; exports,
24,964 bushels. Spot— Steady: No. 2 red 7f>%c,
f. o. b. afloat. Options — Opened weak and de
veloped further heaviness through bearish ca
bles. December liquidation and large North
western receipts. The afternoon market, influ
enced by big clearances and an active export
trade, was stronger. Close %<6%c net higher.
December. 71%<3:72%c, close 72% c; March 73®
• Z\c, closed 73% c.
HOPS— Steady.
METALS— Yesterday's improvement in tin
was followed to-day by a complete reaction
with operations on the decline extremely small.
The other departments were nerveless and
without Important change. At the close the
Metal Exchange called:
i'lG IRON— Warrants quiet and nominal at
LAKE COPPER-Quiet, with $12 65 bid and
512 80 asked.
TlN— Dull and easier, with $18 bid and $18 10
asked.
LEAD— Very dull, with S3 60 bid and $3 62%
SPELTER— Quiet; $5 25 bid. So 35 asked.
The firm naming the settling price for miners
and smelters at the West quotes lead at S3 50
and copper $12 75.
COFFEE— Option* closed quiet at net un
changed, prices. Sales, 11,000 bags, including
January. So 45: March, $5 65; May, $5 75; June
$5 80; July. $5 85
SPOT COFFEE- Rio. quiet and steady; No.
7 invoice, 6%c; No. 7 Jobbing, 6%c. Mild
steady: cordova, ?slsc.
SUGAR— Raw, firm, but not quotably higher:
fair reflnir- 3 15-16 c; centrifugal, 96 test,
4 7-16 c. Refined steady.
BUTTER— Receipts, 6533 packages: firm-
Western creamery, 14»-ft20c; Elifin 20c fac
tory. 12f 14% c.
EGGS— Receipts. 5165 packages; firm.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Dec. 7.— California Dried
Fruits, firm.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, TMe;
prime wire tray, 8l4c;8 l 4c; choloe, 9@)9%c; fancy 10c
PRUNES— 44flO>t.c.
APRICOTS-Royal, IWUc; Moorpark. 14@17c
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 8%@12%c; peeled, IS@
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Dec. 7— Wheat opened weak at a
decline of N,c for May and December, the
former starting at K%9Vttc and the latter at
645 ! 564'4c. Liverpool was the factor. That i
market reported declines that were entirely i
unlooked for by local traders, prices being -"S® j
Id oft at about the time business commenced j
here. There was a little buying against puts !
immediately after the opening which caused a |
temporary reaction in May, but selling soon |
became too heavy and the price again declined.
The feature of the morning's trading was the
liquidation in December, which was much more
general than yesterday and which resulted in
a widening of the discount from l@l%c under
May. Commission houses were active sellers.
It is expected that after the close of naviga
tion, now at hand, December deliveries will be
freer and this undoubtedly influenced the
traders. About 11 o'clock the market became
steadier on reports of heavy clearances and a
good cash and export demand and prices slowly
recovered. Late in the session the market was
really strong, advances in coarse grains help
ing. Shorts covered quite freely and liquida
tion of December stopped. May closed 65% c
and December 64%@64Uc.
Corn was relatively much stronger than
wheat. The market opened lower, but soon re
covered and late in the day was very firm.
Leading bulls were good buyers. May closed
%& I >ic lower at 34Hc.
Oats were weak early in sympathy with corn,
but remained firm when corn advanced. Prom
inent bulls who w«"-o liquidating yesterday were
buyers to-day. May gained hi r a\r.
Considering the heavy hog receipts, provisions
were remarkably steady. There was some
weakness at first, but good general buying
caused prices to advance, and the market was
well supported for most of the session. Under
the weight of the hog receipts, however, prices
declined sharply. At the close May pork was
7%c lower. May lard a shade lower and May
ribs 2%c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
December 64% 64% €3\ 64%
May 66% 65^ 65V 4 65%
July 64% 64% 64 64%
Corn No. 2—2 —
December 33 33% 33 33%
May 33% 34% 33% 34%
July 34% 34% 34% 34%
Oats No. 2—
December 2f>% 25 25% 86
May 25% 26% 25% 26%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
January 9 22% 9 32V4 920 920
May 945 955 9 424 9 42%
Lard, per 100 pounds —
January 5 12% El 5 510 610
May 5 27% 5 32% 625 6 27%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
January' 4 62% 466 4 57% 4 67%
j May 4 77% 4 82% 475 476
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, weak: No. 3 Spring Wheat, Gigsaije;
No. 2 Red, «7Hc; No. 2 Corn, 34c; No. 2 Oats
204©2«% c; No. 2 White, 28Vjc; No. 3 White.
27\<f<2*'-»e; No. 2 Rye. 53c; No. I Barley, f. o.
b., 37®52c; No. 1 Flaxseed, 98c: Prime Timothy,
Seed, $2 25; Mess Pork, per bbl, $8(58 05: Lard,
per 100 lbs, $4 97V4@5 15; Short Rib Kidos (loose),
$4 50'«4 7O; Dry Salted Shoulders (boxod) iW&
4Hc; Short Clear Sides (boxed). $450#4?0;
Whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gal,
$1 26.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 69,000 47.000
Wheat, bu 232,000 90,000
Corn, bu 40ii,000 , 431,00')
Oats, bu 646.000 ITO.OOO
Rye, bu 44,000 1.000
l'.arley. bu 134.000 12.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was dull: creameries. 14@20c; dairies,
13(glRc; cheese, steady, B%SlOVic; eggs, nrm;
fresh, 22<g22%c. • ■■ . ■ . .
I WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 426.090 31,590
Duluth 662,215 ' 747,562
Milwaukee 74,750 ' 166,450
Chicago 231.631 • 89,786
Toledo 60.560 80,500
St. Louis 85,000 24,000
Detroit 10.502 5.679
Kansas City 63,000 82,500
Totals 1,632,743 1,176,067
Tidewater- ■
Boston 211,414 ' 91,000
New Y0rk.......... 877,500 . ; ..-.
Philadelphia 4.631 130,456
Baltimore 110,283 ' 200.397
New Orleans ; ....... ■ 56 500
Galveston .. 126,672 149.140
i Totals 880,600 ; .......
LIVERPOOL. FUTURES.
Wheat— Dec. Mar
Opening 5 11% 5 9V4
Closing ....... •..............;;.... 5 10% - <5 9 >
• PARIS FUTURES. . . ,
Flour— Dec. - Jan.-Apl.
Opening .....................46 05.' 45 60
Closing 45 90 . 45 40
Wheat-
Opening' .'.'.;........... 21 85' . • 2120
Closing » ...21 30 -- aili
THE SA!tf FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1898.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Dec. 7.— CATTLE— Choice Cattle
strong, others at a decline of 10@15c. The range
of prices between common and fancy Cattle
•'•as extremely wide, very undesirable beef
.-teers selling around $3 98@4 25; Christmas
beevM, S6@6 25; choice Cattle, $5 SO, and really
superior beeves for holiday trade, $6 76; stock
ers and feeders, $2 90@4 40.
HOGS — Averaged about 5c lower than yester
day. The range Is narrowing materially. Hogs
selling to-day at $3 20@3 46; bulk at $3 Soi»
3 40; pigs, $3 10@3 25.
SHEEP— Sheep and lambs were weak to 10c
iower. Lambs sold at $3 7E@5 40 for poor to
choice; Westerns, $4 80®6 36, and feeders at
U 50®4 75; yearlings, S4 25<?4 76, and Sheep,
|2 DO«H 25; rams sold at $2 50*8)3 10; Western
Sheep ut $3 40<g4 10; feeders going at $3 50®
3 80; heavy Western Sheep were neglected.
Kecelpts-Cattle, 22,000; Hogs. 58.000; Sheep.
16,000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. Dec. 7.— CATTLE— Receipts.
12,000; market steady to 10c lower; native steers,
*3 50@5 40; Texas steers. $3@4 55; Texas cows,
12 15®J So; native cows and heifers, SI 75®4 25:
stookers and feeders, S3 25@4 20; bulls, $1 50®
4 10.
HOGS— Receipts, 23,000; market 6@loc lower;
bulk of sales, $3 2033 30; heavies, $3 20@3 40;
lackers, $3 15®3 87^; mixed, $3 15<#3 35: light,
$3 10(g 3 274; yorkers, $3 25®3 27^; pigs, $3@3 20.
SHEEP— Receipts, 4000; market firm; lambs,
$4 20<85 25; muttons, $2 25@4.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. Dec. 7.— CATTLE— Receipts. 2500:
market steady; native beef steers, S4@s 25;
Western steers. $3 76®4 25; Texas steers. $3 60®
3 90; cows and heifers, $3@4 20; stockers and
feeders, $3 50(54 50: bulls, stags, etc., J2 30®
3 f>o; calves, »4®6 75.
HOGS— Receipts. 13,000; market 6-jflOc lower;
heavy, $3 25;g3 30; mixed. *3 25@3 374; light,
S3 30@3 35; pigs, SIS 3 2S; bulk of sales, S3 25®
3 SO.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1300; market firm; native
muttons, S3 6(hS>4 45; Westerns, S3 50@4 25; stock
ers, *2 ;."-.j i 75; lambs, *4<gs 25.
DENVER. '
DENVER, Colo., Dec. 7.— CATTLE— Receipts,
1000. Market active and steady. Beef steers,
S3 7504 15; cows. S2 SoQ'3 35; feeders, freight paid
to river, S3 40@4; stockers, freight paid, S3 50®
4 15: bulls, stags, etc., $2®2 76.
HOGS— Receipts. 800. Market 10c lower. Light
packers, S3 25(53 30; mixed, S3 20@3 25; heavy,
S3 15H3 20.
SHEEP— Receipts, 900. Market dull. Good
fat muttons, S3 50®4: lambs, S4#4 60.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, Dec. 7.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow of the wool
market:
The sales of the past week Indicate the vol
ume of business In progress is fully up to
the average of this market in normal periods.
An encouraging feature Is that it Is not made
up of a few large purchases by the prominent
mills. The buying has become more genecal
and the smaller markets have been more of
a factor, and the business of the week has
been more evenly distributed.
This being the closing month of the year,
when manufacturers and others will be busily
occupied in taking account of stock, the vol
ume of business In progress is fully up to ex
f>ectations. If the heavyweight season startß
n well, a greater demand for wool is looked
for, which it is expected will at least keep
the market steady at current.
The sales of the week In Ooston amount to
2.R06.000 pounds domestic and 731,900 pounds for
eign, making a tntal of 8.357,000. against a total
of 3,349.500 for the previous week, and a total
of 2,660.000 for the week last year.
Sales since January 1. IS9B, amount to 125,490,
510 pounds, against 353,354,600 pounds last year
at this time.
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON. Dec. 7— At the wool auction sales
to-day a large supply of fine merinos brought
the highest prices of the series. Cape of Good
Hope and Natal wools sold well and higher.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Dec. 7.— Consols, 110%; silver,
27 9-16; French rentes, 102f 70c; wheat cargoes
i off coast, nothing doing; cargoes on passage,
j quieter; cargoes No. 1 standard Cal., 30»;
I English country markets, part 6d cheaper.
I LIVERPOOL, Dec. 7.— WHEAT— DuII; wheat
I In Paris, dull: flour in Paris, weak; French
country markets, steady.
COTTON— Uplands, 3%d.
CORN— Steady. December, 3s 8»id; January,
■ new crop. 3s 7* 4 d; March, 3s 6%d.
LIVERPOOL, Dec. 7.— WHEAT— Futures
closed steady. November, nominal; December,
5s 10% d; March, 5s 9d.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREOON.
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 7.— Wheat dull; Walla
Walla, &&@s9c; valley, 60@61c; blue stem,
62@63c.
WASHINGTON.
r \COMA, Wash., Dec. 7.— Wheat, club, 59c;
blue stem, 62@63c.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or., Dec. 7.— Exchanges, $331,
782; balances, $66,663.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 94^
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 85%
Sterling Cables _ 4 gg'
New York Exchange, sight — v
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — jju
Fine Silver, per ounce — 694^
Mexican Dollars — 47^
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Futures were lower again, but the
Fpot market was unchanged. There waa no
business worth talking about.
Spot wheat— Shipping, $1 13(gl 16%; milling
$1 17%@1 22%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o' clock— May— 4000 ctls.
II 16V 26,000, $1 16%: 24,000, $1 17. December—
40f'0, $1 12%: 2000. $1 12\.
Second session— May— l2,ooo ctls, $1 16%.
Regular morning session— May— 6000 ctls
$1 17; 2000, $1 17\i; 42,000. $1 17%.
Afternoon session— May— 94, wo ctls, $1 17U
4000, $1 17%.
BARLEY— There was nothing doing in fu
tures, but spot prices were higher. Business
was light.
Feed, $1 25®1 30; Brewing, $1 32%@1 46 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second session— No sales.
Regular morning session— No sales.
Afternoon session— December— 2ooo -ctls. $1 30
2000, $1 30%. * '
OATS— The market Is firmer and the lower
grades show some improvement. The upper
grades are unchanged.
Fancy Feed, $1 27%@1 30 per ctl; good
to choice, $1 22%<gl 25; common. $1 20-
Surprise. *1 35©1 42%; Gray, $1 20^1 22%; mill
ing, $1 25<gl 30 per ctl; Red, $1 40@l 47%; Black
$1 60^1 70. '
CORN— Previous prices, are quoted for all de
scriptions.
Small round yellow, $1 lS^l 17%; Eastern
large yellow, $1 10; white $1 05@l 10; mixed
$1 07% per ctl: California white. $1 12%@1 15 '
RYE— California, $1 17%@1 20; Eastern, $1 15
per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Is nominal.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFPS.
FLOUR— Family extras, $4 I£@4 25; bakers'
extras. $3 90(&'4 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 26 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, J2 75 per
100; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal. $2 50; extra
cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy. $3 26@3 50; Buckwheat
Flour, $4<S4 25; Tracked Wheat. $3 76; Farina
$4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats
(barrels). $5 85Q-6 25; In Racks, $5 65@6 06: Pearl
Barley, X; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50
per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The Hay market continues very dull. The
large consumers are still well supplied, owing
to their heavy purchases when the crop came
In. Dealers are Importing liberal quantities
from Oregon, t'tah, etc.. which do not come
to San Francisco, but go direct to the Inte
rior buyers.
Feedstuff* stand the same.
BHAN-iH BO9U 50 per ton.
Mir>l>Ll.\*G.S-$19@20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $26 50Q'27 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31931 50; Job
bing, $324132 50; Cocoanut Cake, $24@'25; Cotton
seed Meal, $2S@3O per ton; Cornmeal, $23 50®
24 50; Cracked Corn, $24t}25.
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat. $16 50@18 for
good to choice and $14(^16 for lower grades;
no fancy coming In; Wheat and Oat, $16<ffil6 50-
Oat, $n<Si.-) 50; Island Barley, $ll(gl4; Alfalfa.
$11^12 f,O; Stock, $115112; Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY-(From Oregon, Utah, etc )—
Wheat and Wheat and Oat, $1S 50@15; Cheat
$12(§f12 50; Alfalfa. $10^10 50; Oat. $13@14 50-
Clover. $11 srt(jri2 50; Timothy, $11 50@13 per ton
STRAW-35@'75c per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
The only feature In Beans at the moment Is
the scarcity In whites, which are very firm,
though there Is no further advance.
BEANS— Bayos, $2<ji2 10; Small Whites.
$2 15<g2 20; Large Whites, $1 80@l 95; Pinks
$2@2 10; Reds. $3 15@3 25; Blackeye. $3 75@4.
Butters. $2'.j2 60; Llmaa, $3 25@3 35; Pea, $2 80<9
2 50; Red Kidneys, $2 iOffl 50 per etl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4 50@4 "5 per otl;
yellow Mustard, $4 25; Flax, $2ffl'2 25; Canary
Seed, 2>4@2^ic per 1b; Alfalfa, 6H@"c; Rape
2'4<S'2\c: Hemp, 2Mi@3c; Timothy. s®sHc.
DRIED PEA3— Ntles, $1 50®l 75; Green. $1 75
®1 S5 per otl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
There Is nothing new In Potato** and Onions.
Some Vegetables are higher, being in light
supply.
POTATOES— «Oc for Early Rose; tpesOo for
River Burbanka; Eaiina* BurbarOu, 75c® Jl 10;
Oregon. 75c@Sl: Sweet Potatoes, 50@75c for
nearby and SI 30 for Merced; New Potatoes,
102 c per lb
ONIONS— 50®70c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 606 c; String
Beans, 7<?Bc; Cabbage, 40ffl50c; Tomatoes, 25®
40c for Bay and 50cgSl for Los Angeles; Garlic,
E@7c per ib; Dried Okra, 10c per lb; Green Pep
pers, 3#se per lb; Marrowfat Squash, S/B@lo per
ton; Carrots, 25<f?35c per sack.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced, raw, 12c per lb in lots of 25 lbs; sliced,
desiccated, 16@18c; granulated, raw, 13c;
Onions, 60c; Carrots, eld, 13c; new, 18c: Cab
bage, SOc; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips, 25c;
String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, -50c
POULTRY AND GAME.
Game was steady and several descriptions
did better. Poultry showed no change worthy
of note.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys. 15igi7c; live
Turkeys, lVSloc for Gobblers and 14@15c for
Hens; Geeee, per pair, SI 50(gl 75; Goslings,
51 &OQ-1 75; Ducks. S4 50^6 50 for old and S4 50**
6 60 for young; Hens, S3 E0O6; young Roosters,
U Jo@s; old do, 54714 50; Fryers. S4@4 50; Broil
ers. S4^4 50 for large S3©3 50 for small; Pig
eons, SlOl 25 per dozen for old and SI 75@2 for
squabs.
GAME— Quail, Slfl2o: Mallard, S3 50#4;
Canvasback, S«<S<9; Sprig. J2i&3: Teal, SI 50;
Widgeon, SI 50; Small Duck, $1 25@1 50; English
Snipe, S2: Jack Snipe, $131 26; Gray Geese,
52 rKiftS; White Geese, SI 25: Brant. SI 50@l 75;
Honkers, S3 50^.4 f,O; Hare. SI: Rabbits, $1 25®
1 60 for Cottontails and Sl@l 25 for small.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter continues very firm and a further
fractional advance is noted. Cheese and Eggs
are as before.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 27@2714c; «ec
onds, 24026 c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 2214024 c; common
grades, lSiff22c.
Pickled Goods— Firkin, 17@18c; pickled roll.
17@18c; creamery tub, nominal.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed. K^lS^c per
lb; Elgin. 22£221ic.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, HVs@l2c; old, 10
®llc; Cream Cheddar 12@121jc; Young Amer
ica. 12c; Eastern, Il"fjl3c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 33ft35c per dozen; com
mon Eggs, 304?32>ic; Eastern. 20£25 c for ordi
nary and 27H''»-^Vsc for fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Grapes continue to advance and are «i
tremely scares. Apples and Citrus Fruits are
unchanged.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, $1 50@J3 50 per chest for large
and for small.
Cranberries, J7 60@9 50 per barrel for East
ern and $I@l 50 per box for Coos Bay.
Grapes, 60rSf$l per box and crate.
Apples, 35tf4Cc for common, 75c@$l per box
for No. 1 and $1 25@1 50 for choice. Lady Ap
ples, $IJtl 50.
Pears— soc@sl 25 per box.
Persimmons — 6r,c7r f 1 25 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $2 sf>«?3 50
per box; Seedlings, tltffl 75; Mandarine, $l<jjl 50;
Lemons, JKJfS for common and $2 50<3>3 50 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes, J4; California
Limes, sCtf7sc per small box; Grape Fruit, $150
<&4; Bananas, $1 50(g2 per bunch; Pineapples,
$3@5 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
DRIED FRUlT— Prunes. 614 c for 40-50' s, 4%'!?
5c for 50-60's, 3H@3%e for 60-70'b, 2%@3c for
70-SO'a. 2V4@214c for 80-90's, 2c for 9i>-100's and
IH@I%C for 100-110's; Silver Prunes, 2Vt@sc:
Peaches, 6©7Hc for good to choice. 71i@'Sc for
fancy and 10rgl2!4c for peeled; Apricots, 10@12c
for Royals and 12ffl2'ic for Moorpark; Evapo
rated Apples, 714 ft 71>ic; sun dried, 4i;uc; Black
Figs, sacks, 2<g2>ic; Plums. 41iffitic for pitted
and l@ll4c for unpitted; Nectarines, 6©7 c for
prime to fancy; Pears, 6@Sc for quarters and
$<3*e for halves.
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown, 4%0 for three
crown, 5%c for four-crown, oU'SSWc for Seed
lees Sultanas. 4Hc for Seedless Muscatels and
$1 20 for London Layers; I.iried Grapes, 2%4i4C.
NUTS— Chestnuts, S(gl2M.e per lb; Walnuts,
6<s"c for hardshell, SfflOc for softshell; Al
monds, 6<&'7c for hardshell, 13c for softshell, H®
15c for paper-shell; Peanuts, 61:77 c for Eastern
and 414<&5c for California; Cocoanuts, $4 EOS&
HONEY— Comb, 10<gllc for bright and tOfe
for lower grades; water white extracted, 61i@
7c; lieht amber extracted, 6c; dark, £s}slac
per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26o r>er lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 7V40 per lb for
heavy, Sc for light medium. 10c for light, 1014 c
for extra light and 12<??12!ic for Eug-ar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams. 10@10'/,c; California
Hams, 9!4'fi9 !^; Mess Beef, $10 per bbl; extra
Mess Heef, $11: Family Beef. $12 su; extra
Prime I\>rk, $10: extra clear, $U; mess, $15 50®
16; Smoked B>-of. llV<?l2c per lb.
LARD— Eastern tierces quoted at 514 c per lb
for compound and <i%'fi7o for pure; paUs, 714 c;
California tierces, 4%!&5c per lb for compound
and 6c for pure: half-barrels, ti^c; 10-lb tins,
71« c; 5-lb tins 7>-jo.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, sTfcffl6l6c;5 T fcffl6l6c; packages
less than 300 lbs. 1-lb palls, CO in a case, Slfcc;
8-lb pails, 20 In a case, b%c; 5-lb pails. 12 in a
case, 8l' 2 c: 10-lb pails. (5 in a case, S^c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, »%c; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net. 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs. 7%c.
HIDES. TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, SVic; light, 8c; Cowhides,
8c; Stags. 6c; Salted Kip. 8c; Calf, Sc; dry
Hides, Huund, 15c; culls and brands, 12c; dry
Kip and Veal. 15c; dry Calf, 17c; Sheepskins,
shearlings,, K>(Jj2. r .c each; short wool, 30640 a
each; medium, 60@80c; long wool, 90cffl$l 10
each; Horse Hides, salt, $1 7:.@2 for large and
75c for small; Colts. D0o; Horse Hides, dry, $1 50
for large and 50c<fi$l for small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3" 2 ®3*ic per lb;
No. 2, 2%c; refined, 4»i'3r»c; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— Spring clips— Southern Mountain, 12
months', 7rp9c; San Joaquin and Southern, 7
months', Rfi»c; Foothill and Northern, free, U
<j?l4c: Foothill and Northern, defective. 9'p'llc;
Humboldt and Mendocino, 14@16c; Nevada, li*3
13c: Eastern Oregon, 10@12c.
Fall Woolp-
Humbnldt and Mendocino 9(fTll
Northern Mountain 8"'" 9
Mountain 7® 9
Plains 6-^8
HOPS— IB*JB crop. 12^^140 per lb for ordinary,
15(g16c for good and 17@19c for choice to fancy.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags for next season,
nominal, at 4Tb@sc; Wool Bags, 26@250; San
Quentln Bagß, $4 85.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
$6: Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5: Wallsend, $7 50';
Scotch, $S; Cumberland, $8 60«I9 In bulk and
$101910 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite
Egg. $14; Cannel, $S 60 per ton; Rock Springs
and Castle Gate, $7 CO; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk
and $14 in .- ■;■ '..•-.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed. 6T<,c; Powdered, fi-%c: Candy
Granulated, 574 c; Dry Granulated, 5%c; Confec
tioners' A, o%c; California A, sVfcc; Magnolia A,
5%c; Extra C. 6%c; Golden C, s^c; haJf-harrels,
Uc more than barrels, and boxes V.c more. No
order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
■Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6%c; second quality, 6c;
third quality, 4Vi*j « l <■(■.
VEAL— Large. S^S^e; small, SiffSVic per Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7%<£iSc; Ewes, 7c.
LAMB— SftSHc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 4c for large. 4Uc for me
dium, and JVgSHc for small; stock Hogs, 2y><s
3c; dressed Hogs. 6@6 1 / ic for prime.
PRODUCE RECEIPTS.
For Wednesday. December 7.
Flour, qr sks.... 3,32^ Middlings, sks .. 200
Wheat, ctls 300 Hay, tons 102
Barley, ctls 6,100 Straw, tons 10
Corn, ctls 475 Pelts, bdls 3.377
Butter, ctls 7S Hides, no !">2S
Cheese, ctls 16S Eggs, doz 4,380
Beans, ska 1.2215 Leather, rolls ... 134
Potatoes, sks ... 3,Sf>:> Lumber, ft 45.000
Onions, sks 350 1 Wine, gals 46.500
Bran, sks I,S2 r . Rrandy. gals .... 2,700
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... 10.803 1 Hay, tons 20
Barley, ctls -, 16,000|Bran, sks 27.1
Oats, ctls I.4loiShorts, sks 668
Wheat, ctls 6.400!
NEVADA.
Hay, tons 20
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Margaret Klingner (wife) to Alexander
Kllngner, lot on W line of Jolce street, 117:6 S
of California. S 20 by W 52; gift.
Annie Eaton (wife of William R.). Belle and
Mary McLea to Annie D. McLea, lot on S line
of Folsom street, 70 NE of Third, NE 67:6, St;
93:0, SW 37:6, NW 22. SW 30,. N\V 71:6: also
lot on SE line of Mission street, 225 NE of
Fourth, NE 50 by SE 100; also lot on SW corner
of Bush and Dupont streets, \V 28 by S 22,
grant of life estate; gift.
Catherine Zammlt (Zamit) to Margaret E.
F. Roberts, lot on NW line of Jessie street, 600
SW of Seventh, SW 26 by NW 75; gift.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Robert M. and
Mary A. Wilson, lot on E line of Eleventh
avenue, 225 S of M street. S 26 by E 120; $10.
John and Mary A. Heritage to George O.
Ormsby, lot 50, block 2, Lakevlew; $10.
Christian Munck (administrator estate of
William Fischer, by C. W. Elfying, cmmis
sioner), to Gustav Hering. lot on E line of
Butler street. 150 S of Blame. S 2o by E HO,
lots 537 and 535, Gift Map 1; $300.
Kittie A. and William J. Wallis to Frank and
E. Qrabe, lot on W corner of Thirty-eighth
avenue (Uruguay) and X street (Savannah),
NW 75, SW 68:1%, S 103:8. NE 129:7. lot 4.
block 64, Paul Tract Homestead, quitclaim
deed; $10.
Alameda County.
Dennis O'Neill to Johanna O'Neill, lot on SB
corner of Weston avenue and Silver street, S
150. E 150. N 25, E 50, N 125, W 200 to begin
ning, being lots 4 to 7. block B. Broadway and
Telegraph-avenue Homestead, Oakland Annex;
gift.
Benjamin Turner to Albert Turner, let 13.
block D. map of property of Berkeley Home
stead Association, Berkeley: $10.
S. C Blgelow to W. I*. Holoomb, lot i. block
F, also lot 34 and SW 20 feet of lot 83. block
A, Thermal Hill, formerly the Howe Tract.
Oakland Annex; $10.
Jean Pelllsier to Auguste Pellissier. lot on N
line of Lincoln avenue. 314.83 E of Everett
street, E 22 by N 198:3. being lot I*. resub
divlslon of Alia Frazler Tyler Tract, Ala
meda; $50.
Theodore J. and Minna Jenne to William
Lebrecht, all interest in lot on S line of Six
teenth street. 100 W of Telegraph avenue, W
50. S 107.08. E 33.94. N 100 to beginning, being
lots 5 and 6, block A of survey made for G.
C. Potter, March 28. 1877. Oakland: $10.
Charles Peach to George Schaefer, lot on E
line of Eighth street, 252 N of Chaining way,
E 130, N 145.40, W 130, S 152.74 to beginning,
block 123, corrected map of Raymond Tract.
Berkeley; also lot 22, Rock Island Tract, Berke
ley; also lots 60 and 70. block 34, Warner Tract.
Brooklyn Township: $1666.
Charles Gray to Anna M. Gray, lot 19, block
G, subdivision of S portion of Harmon Tract.
Berkeley; gift.
Harriet K. D. Palmer to Milicent W. Shtnn,
lot on NW line of Prospect street at corner of
subdivision of lot 20 of subdivision of Benton
pror.erty, W 142.44, N 148.42. E to W line <jf
Prospect street, thence S to beginning, being
lots 18 and 19 and portion of lot 17, subdivision
of Benton property. Berkeley: $100.
Stanley and May A. Jewett to Town of
Berkeley, lnt on NE corner of Sacramento
street and plat 66, thence NW 30, NE 161:5. SE
30, SW 161:5 to beginning, being a portion of
Domingo Peralta Homestead Reservation.
Berkeley; grant.
Edward D. and Helen Harmon to Charles
Gray, lot IS, block O, Harmon Tract, Berke
ley; $10.
A. A. Fink to Town of Berkeley, lot on SE
line of Domingo Peralta Reservation, distant
NE 10 feet from the point of intersection of S
line of plat SO and SE line of said reservation,
thence NE 67:1. SW 60. SE to beginning, to be
used for a public street, Berkeley; $24.
Wnlter D. and Mary E. Johnson to Marlon
V. Ostrand. lot on SE corner of Pacific avenue
and Hlbbard street. S 100 by E 108, being lots
11 to 15. block 38, lands adjacent to Enclnal,
Alameda, subject to d»ed of trust; $2740.
THE STOCK MARKET.
There were only two sessions of the San
Francisco Stock Board yesterday owing to the
death of Oscar R. Jones, a member. Prices
showed no change worthy of note.
Utah Is assessed 6c.
Local securities were quiet and not par
ticularly changed.
The annual meeting of the Sulphur Bank
Quicksilver Mining Company will be held to
day.
The Silver King Mining Company of Utah
has declared a dividend of 25 cents per share,
amounting to $37,500, payable December 15.
The Pacific Coast Company (formerly Oregon
Improvement Company), has declared a divi
dend of 1 per cent on the common stock, pay
able December 15.
The Swansea Mining Company of Utah has
declared a dividend of 10 per cent per share,
amounting to $10.0)0, payable December 10.
The Gould & Curry assessment of 10 cents
per share will be delinquent In the company's
office to-day.
The Orand Central Mining Company of Utah
has declared a dividend of 121j cents per share,
amounting to $31.r.(«1, payable December 10.
The Triumph Mining Company of Utah has
levied an assessment of 1 per cent per share,
amounting to $2000.
The Hale & Norcross legal controversy has
bron finally settled, the Grayson directors hav
ing resigned in favor of the Fox board.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, Dec. 7.-2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
U. S. Bonds— Pac L Co 46% —
4s quar coup.. — — SF G & E... 84% 54%
4s quar reg... — — San Fran 2% Zht.
4s Quar new... — — Stockton Gas.. — 14
Js quar c0up..106%106 Insurance —
Miscellaneous — Firem's Fund. 2lo —
Cal-st Cab 55.. 115 117 Water Stocks—
Cal El Gs 155 — Contra Costa.. 5014 54
C C Wat 65... 101 — Marln Co 50 —
Dup-st ex c... — 9514 Spring Valley. lol^lo2
E L& P 65... 130 — Bank Stocks—
F&CI Ry 65. 114 — Anglo-Cal .... 6314 64
Geary-st R Es. — 10) p.ank of Ca1... 265 2«0
HC & S 5Hs.. — — Cal SD &. T.. 95V4100
Li AL Co 6a.. 99 — First Natlonl.2lo 215
Do gntd 65. .101 10214 Lon P & A. ...133 —
Market-st 65. .129 — Mer Exchange — 16
Do Ist M ss. 11514116 Nev Nat 8....175 —
NCN G X 75.108 — Savings Banks—
N Ry Cal 65. .113% — Ger S & L..1620 —
N Ry Cal 5?.. 105^ — Hum 8 & L.1050 1160
NPC R R 65.103 — Mutual Say. 35 40
NPC R R SS.IWH4 — S F Say U.. W0 —
N Cal R R is. - — S& L 50.... — 100
Oak Gas 5s 109 — Security S B 300 350
Om Ry 6s 127 — Union T C 0.1060. 1060 —
P &Cl Ry 6s. 107 — Street Railroads—
P& O 6s 112 — California 109 —
Pov/ell-st 65... — 123 Geary 45 —
Sac El Ry 55. 100 — Market-st 57 67%
3 F & N P os.lloi.il 10% Oak S L & H. — —
Sierra-RCal 68.104H105V, Presidio 914 —
S P of Ar 6b..lloChi Powder—
S P C65(1305-6)ini S H2V; California ....133 140
SPC 6s (1312)1 1'i'jllTVi B Dynamite... 85 95
SPCIs eg 5».102 — Giant Con Co. 57»4 58%
SPBr 6s US — Vlgorit 3U 314
S V \Vat°r fis.llft 120 Miscellaneous—
S V W4B(3am).lCo**lol\i Al Pac Assn. .lo4^los
S V W4si:;dm>.li>o"»liUH Ger Ld \Vks..ISQ —
Stktn Gas 65. .100 — Hana PI C 0... 17% 17%
Gas & Electric— H C & S Co.. 49% 50
Capital Gas... — — iHutch S P Co. 63V* 63%
Cent Gaslight. los — Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Cent L & P... 914 10% I Oceanic S Co.. 5814 60
Mutual El Co. 12 1214 'Pac A F A... — 1%
Oakland Gas.. 62 52V-. Pac C Bor Co. loo —
Pac Gas Imp. 85% — 1 Par Paint Co. 714 —
Morning Session.
Board —
KO Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 50 no
$2000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s Bonds 105 JO
$2000 N P C R R 5s Bonds 100 87%
10 Oceanic Steamship Co 59 50
40 Oceanic Steamship Co 59 00
200 Pacific Aux Fire Alarm 1 50
250 Vigor! t Powder 325
Street—
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 84 50
$1000 S P Branch Ity Bonds US 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
5 Giant Powder Con 57 00
6 Giant Powder Con 57 25
5 Alaska Packers' Association 104 50
350 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 50 00
•40 Mutual Electric Light 12 00
2 Spring Valley Water 10175
60 S F Qas & Electric Co 84 50
450 Vijmrit Powder 3 25
Street—
7S F Gas & Electric Co 84 37ft
THE INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
KS F Gas & Electric Co 84 62%
10 Spring Valley Water 102 00
tSOOO Spring Valley Water 4s, 3d Issue. ..lol 00
$2000 Spring Valley Water 4s. 2d issue... 103 00
7wi Equitable Gaslight 6 12V&
300 Vlgorlt Powder 3 12V*
200 Vigorlt Powder 3 25
Afternoon Session.
10 S P Gas & Electric Co, s 10 84 50
60 Oakland Gas, Light & Heat Co 52 50
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Belcher 23 200 Occidental 82
600 Best & Belcher. 43 »00 Ophlr 6c
300 Con Cal & Va...l 35 100 Savage 19
200 Crown Point ... 18 SOO Union Con 26
200 Gould & Curry.. 27 100 Yellow Jacket... 19
600 28 100 18
1000 Hale & Norcrs. 21 i
Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher 23; 200 Mexican 82
300 P.est & Belcher. 44|100 33
300 Con Cal &. Va...l 35:200 Occidental S6
20 1 30 1 100 85
300 Crown Point ... 18 1 200 Ophlr 64
200 17|200 Savage 18
700 Gould & Curry.. 2s. 20 15
f.O 2'JilftO Sierra Nevada.. .l 25
600 Hale & Norcrs. 211300 Union Con 26
100 Justice 18 50 25
100 19 1
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200Alta 111200 Hale & Norcrs.. 21
2<K) Belcher 231100 Occidental 82
1100 Best & Belcher 431200 „.. 84
400 Challenge 171100 Ophlr 65
300Chollar 25J600 Sa%'age 18
300 23 500 Sierra Nevada. 1 27%
250 Con Cal & Va...l 35 1 700 Utah 15
200 Gould & Curry.. 28 1
Afternoon Session.
•600 Andes 09 600 94
200 Best & Belcher. 44 550 Ophtr 66
4(«0 45 300 67
BOOChollar 23 700 Overman 04
200 _ 30 300 Potosl 27
300 Gould & Curry.. 28 60n Savage lfi
400 29 300 Union Con 25
700 30 300 27
300 Hale & Norcrs.. 21 800 Yellow Jacket... 18
400 Occidental 92
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. Dec. 7—4 p. m.
Did. Ask. Bid.Ask.
Alpha 0G 07 Julia 01 02
Alta 12 14 Justice IS 20
Andes 07 09lKentuck 06 07
Belcher 24 251 Lady Wash ... — 05
Benton Con ... 04 10; Mexican 35 36
Best & Belcher 45 46 ! Occidental 94 —
Bullion 03 06|Ophir 67 68
Caledonia 21 24 [Overman 03 CM
Chollar 30 3llPotosl 27 28
Challenge Con. 16 — (Savage 19 20
Confidence 6S — |Bcorplon 03 05
Con Cal & Va.,l 35 1 40. 8 eg Belcher ... — 05
Con Imperial .. 01 02 ' Sierra Nevada. l 25 130
Crown Point ... 17 18 Silver Hill .... — 06
Con New York. — 04 Syndicate — 05
Eureka Con ... 30 — Standard 180 —
Exchequer 01 02 Union Con 27 2S
Gould & Curry. 2'J 30 Utah 15 16
Hale & Norcrs. 10 21 Yellow Jacket. 18 IS
« m »
_; THE ■ CAULS ; CAI.SNDAB.
December, 1893.
3
Mooa •■ . Phases.
*ii-Deoembjr 8.
Deoembor 6.
.4
c
IS
■
21
11
■
>jk > Mooo.
w December '.„ 18.
JP\t*\ Quarter,
Deoembor 19
/Civ Full kooc.
■
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrograpb c
Office, located in the Merchants Exchange is
maintained In San Francisco for JJ"L^,??* fl^d
mariners, without regard to nationality ana
free of expense. cordially invited to visit the
Navlgatore are cordially Invited to \lslt the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference and ■~Wrdln»
information can always be obtained re f^r CII
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest , to ocean commerce. _ pvrrv
The time ball on the tower of the n9W frrTi
building, at the foot of Market Btre «V* l ( ? t 1 ;
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 120 th meridian, by telesTW)hic nlKnal _re
celved each day from the United States Signal
Observatory. Mare Island. Cal. _ j, rf ,r,r*A
A notice stating whether the ball wan dropped
on time or giving the error, If any Is published
in the morning papers lhe^.° n £ w $ v( jHES.
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. In charge.
BUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Timer and Heights of HlKh and - I>>w
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
FrtncTsco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE-The high and low waters occur a
the city front (MlMlon-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point,
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 8.
Sun rices • V.\ Q
Sun sets ...., V-iW'a m
Moon rises I<6 a, m.
D ITlme ITimel • Time •
p> Ft. I Tt. — Ft.
•HW (l^Wl IH_W(
TT..I"TisB 6.2 I:M'I.V «:<» 3.4
t. W H W L W
9 OSS 2.« 7:11 6.6 2:22 O.f
10 "■ l'S 2.8 7:M> 6.7 3:10 0.!
U"■ till S.O B:S2 .6.9 3:68-0.1
n S-10 3.1 9:13 6.1 4:45 -0.1
•" H W L, W H W
13 ... 0:12 4-1 4:04 l.« 10:08 6.5
14 '" 1:001 4.2 4:59 3.2 11:00 6.!
I.S
3.S
4.0
10:2*
11:20
6:
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the eart7 morning tides are Riven in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the «econrl A de tl of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundlnw on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (-) precedes the height^
and then the number given is ™"«^»j« '™2
thp rtenth eiven by the charts. The plane or
rPf e p^ncels g the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydropraphlc Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal., De
cember ball on the tower of the new Ferry
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
buildine was dropped at exactly noon to-aay—
I c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich ™ B^ GHIs g >
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. In charge.
SIEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Weeott lYaqulna. Bay jPec. J
Mackinaw ..jTacoma fDeo. 8
Bristol (.Departure Bay IDeo. 8
Walla Walla.... [Victoria & Puget SoundlDec. 8
Pomona IHumboldt [Dec. 8
Lakmc [Puget Sound Dec. 8
City of Peking.. (China and Japan Dec. 9
City of Panama Panama Dec. 9
Cleveland [Puget Sound Dec. 9
Orlznba I Newport Dec. 9
Curacao iMexico Dec. 9
Minenla 'Tacoma Dec. 9
Wellington ! Departure Bay iDec. 10
WypftVld 'Nanalmo IDec. 10
Del Norte [Orescent City Dec. 13
Samoa iHumboldt - Dec. 10
Columbia iPortiann iDec. 11
Santa Rosa [San Diego Dec. 11
Chllkat IHumboldt Dec. 11
Arcata 'Coos Bay Dec. 12
North Fork iHumboldt iDec. 12
Fulton IPortland Dec. 12
Poos Bay (Newport Dec. 33
T'matllla 'Victoria & Puget SoundlDec. 13
Signal jAstoria IDec. 13
Leelanaw Seattle IDec. 13
"U*a?htf>naw iTr.coma IDec. 13
Alampda lAustralla Dec. U
Corona 'San Diego IDec. 15
PtateCaltfornla Portland IDec. 16
STEAMERS TO SAIU
Steamer.
Destination.
Pier.
Peru [Panama (Dec. K. 12 m!PMS9
W'epott lYaquina Bay.lDec. 8, 2 pm|Pier 13
State of Call Portland [Dec. 9, 10 ami Pier 24
Corona jSan Dlepo Dec. 9, U amjPler 11
Pomona Humboldt -Dec. 10, 2 pm Pier 9
Orizaba ....Newport Dec. 11. J am.Tler 11
Walla WalllVic & PRt Sd.jDee. 12. 10 amiPier 9
Chilkat iHumboldt I Dec. 12. 2pmiPferl3
Santa RosalSan Diegro Dec. 13, 11 amjPler 11
Cleveland .ISeattle Dec. 14 1
Australia ..Honolulu Dec. 14. 2 pmiPier 7
Columbia ..Portland ;Dec. 14. 10 am Pier 24
Arcata ICoos Bay 'Dec. 14, lOamlPierlS
Coos Bay...iN<>wport !Dec. 16, 9 am|Pier 11
Cyof Pekng'Chtna & Japn Dec. 15, 1 pmPMSS
Curacao Mexico IDec. 16, 10 amiPier 11
Peru !
Weeott
State of Cai
Corona
Pomona
Orizaba ....
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, December 7.
Stmr Corona, Debney, sU*fc hours from San
Diego, etc.
Stmr Progreso, Ollboy. 89 hours from Seattle.
Schr Jennie Thelin, Bostrom, 11 daj's from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Occidental, Brandt, 4 days from Eu
reka.
Haw stmr Alexander, Tllton, 14 days from
Dutch Harbor.
SAILED.
Wednesday, December 7.
Stmr Queen. Jepsen, Victoria and Port Town
send.
Stmr Arcata, Reed, Coos Bay.
Stmr Golden Gate, Crockett, Seattle.
Stmr Alliance, Hardwlck, Portland.
Stmr Chllkat, Anderpon, Eureka.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Dridgett, Ventura.
Stmr Coos Bay. Glelow, San Pedro.
Stmr North Fork, Bash. Eureka.
Stmr Westport, Petersen.
Ptmr Aloha, Jorgensen, Mendoclno.
Stmr National City, Dettmers.
Br ship (jlencalrd. English, London.
Ital hark Mario, Caftero, Sydney.
Bktn Wrestler, Nielsen. Kahulul.
6chr Newark, Beck. Bowena Landing:.
CHARTERS.
The St Francis loads sugar at Honolulu for
New York; Louisiana, lumber at Moody vllle
for Sydney, 3Ss Bd; Akershus, wheat at Port
land for Europe, 355.
The Bothwell goes in ballast to Portland,
seeking.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Dec 7, 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind calm.
MISCELLANEOUS.
The bark Mermaid was sold by the United
States Marshal this afternoon to H B Madison
for $1225.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA— Arrived Dec 7— Stmr Samoa, hnc
Dec 6.
Sailed Dec 7— Stmr Pomona, and schr Spar
row, for San Francisco; schr Mabel Gray, for
Newport (S): pchr South Coast, for San Fran
cisco: bktrt Monitor, for .
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Dec 7— Stmr Sequoia,
hence Dec 6.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Dec 7— Aus
Ftmr Siam, from Nanaimo; stmr Alcatraz, from
Point Arena.
TACOMA— Sailed Doc 7— Schr Comet, for Ban
Pedro.
SEATTLE— Arrived Dec 6— Stmr Leelanaw
hence Dec 2; stmr Homer, hence Dec 1
NEWPORT (S)— Arrived Dec 7— Stmr Alca.
traz, from .
VENTURA— SaiIed Dec 7— Stmr Grace Dollar
for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived Dec 7— Stmr Bonlta. hnc
Dec 5.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to JJov 27— Br
stmr Athernian, from Oregon.
ALOGA RAY— Arrived Nov 23— Br bark Auld
girth, hence July 24.
COLON— Arrived Dec 6— Stmr Alllanca, from
New York.
Sailed Dec s— Stmr Finance, for New York.
QUEENSTOWN-Arrlved Deo 6-Br ship
Laurk-iton. from Oregon.
MAZATL.AN— Arrived Nov 29— Brig Geneva.
hence Nov IS (11 days).
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROACL
Via Sausalito Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLBT
„-_ ; AND SAN RAFAEL.
•5".^ 9130 ' a ■■ m - : n: *
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Monday.
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *8:00. •10:00, »U:3O a. m.; n-li
B^o, »4:30, 6:15 p.m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAFL TO SAN FRANCIBCO
•«W^^*il ;<■% 7:45 - -=» s
an EE d X Ja^u A rda T^ l 8 & ™** }?****
°iJj^! l . nB ,, m r a r rked " Btart fTom San Quentln. *
! FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
E ?^o. V:to TT o5 oo ps>p 5> m:45m :45 - 7:56 * M " m - :
EXTRA TRIPS on Monday*. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:00 p m.
. E U ?? AYS - 8:0 °- W: °s *■ m-: ":<». l:M. IM,
i:uu, to.ij p. m.
•\«' r - •• "THROUGH TRAINS. ?
1:20 a. m. week Cazadero and way sta'na.
1:46 p. m. Saturday*— . Mills . and way
stations.
1:40 a. m. Sunday*— Mills and war ate'a.
; HOT . mmm SCFKIC railway.
c. ;* (Via Sausalito Ferry.) ...,„,
_ Leave San Francisco, i commencing i Sunday,
week Days— 9:Bo a. m.. 1:45 p. m.*:' "
Sundays— B:oo. 10:00, 11:80 a. m., 1:15 p. m.
j Round trip from Mill Valley, $1.
_raps. • cj6ob: & son. Agonu, m i uuket
■ .■-■---.■■ ■- : . ■■■.-' : ■" ■ . .
BAILBO AD TRAVEL.
•OVTUKBH fAC'IVIC ■ €:»MPAHTT.
(PAOIFIO KYHTK.M.I
Tratlna les»»»> xml hit «!>•« «• strrlve nt
wan riIANt'IMW.I
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.) ,
LX ATX — * , From Not. 29. 1898. j — arriti
"•6:OOa Niles. San Jose and Way Stations... •»:•! si
7:00 a Benlcia, Buisun »nd Sacrameuto 10:43 a
7:00 a MarysfiUe, Orotlileand Redding ria
; Woodland 014.1P
- 7:o* a Elmlra. VHOavtllo and Butnscy ...... 8:4.1p
7i3Oa Martinez, Sail lU«r.ou,Vallejo. Nape, '_'•
CalUtcga anil Santa Rosa «:15p
8:00 a Atlantic Kipresa, Og.len and Kant.. Si4sp
«iU«a San .lose, Ktockton. Valley Sprioe,
lone. .Sacramento, Maryatiile,
■-: • - ; (Jhlco. Tehnma and Red 81uff.... €ll»r
9iS*A Stockton, Oakdale and Jamestown.. 4ilBp
•»:30a Milton •••A'"i\'" |! *'"
•»oOa Martinez, Tr»cy, Lathrop, Stockton,
Mercsd»nd Fresno 12«15p
•■••a Fre»i.«. llakereliel.l. Santa Il^rbara.
Los Angeles. Deinlng, El Paso,
New Orleans aud K»st «t43p
Fresno, Mendota. Tracy and Mar-
tloes 6:15p
I OtOOA ValUJo. MartL'iez and Way Stations 7: *r, r
•l:OOr Sacramento Hirer Ste»»uers »O:OUp
l*:OO»iXilts. Tracy, Stockton. Mendota,
Hanford, V isalia, Eieter and Pcr-
ttnvlUe ,f*lB r
liOOp San Jose ami Way SUUons ... 11:4 5 a
San Jose, Nil.* and Way Station*... :»:13a
Llvermor*. fciau Jose, Niles and Way
Stations ■;•"•:• :«»«U»a
4i»Op Martinez, San llnnion, >all«j».
Nai>a. Cllstogn, Xl Veraiio and
Sunlit! ROM •• »«1»A
4fr Beniela. Vacaville, Woodland,
Kuiglits Ijiudiug. MarysTille, Oro-
Tills aiidS»cra.nent"o.... 1 0:411 »
4iB0r«(l^ San Jose and Stockton ....... 7U.>p
SjOOp Martinez, Traoy. M«ndoU, Fresno,
MoiaTe. Santa liarbara and 1-os
Angelrs »i49a
SiOOp Santa ir n Itniite, Atlantic Kxpress
for M..l»tb ami l'»«t o:4."Vp
5:OOP Martinez. Latbrop. Stockton.
Merced and Fresno 12:15P
I|3iV«p "i „„,_■ • OKI Limiiuu." Xl Paao,
Fort Worth, little Rock, St. ■ ,-
Louis, Chicago and East §0:13?
at««r Kiiriinean Mail, Oglei. and ICast.... »»4»«
0:00 Haywards, Nlles and San Jose 7:<CU
•«:OO Vallejn l*:l3p
}7<OOr Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions .! 1»:4.->p
SiOOr Oregon Sacramento. Marys-
iill" Ui..l.limt. Portland, Pnget
Boun.l and Kant :'. SilOa
alOiOSp "Sunset Limited." Fresno, Los
Angeles, £1 Pa«o, New Orleans
and Kant »1:45p
' SAN LKAMHIO AMI* M*\'WAUOS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.) •
1 Helro«e. Seminar}' Park, f
SiOOa Kltfhbnnr. Klmhunt, «i«.la
<»:OOa Man l.e*:idrn, Honth H»b I'diist
10.06 a J.i-aii.lro. KutHillllo, 10:43 A
ill :ooa • Lorenio, Cherry • I»mbp
<li«Op B nd (1:4.-!p
5:5 :O <»' Hajnnrrf.. '' :4:ll>
' loo ' i Runs through to Nile.. 7:4JS "-
) t From Nlles. I
COAST DIVISION (Marrow flange).
i (Foot of Market Street.)
St ISA Newark, Uenterville.San Jose, Fslton,
Boul Creek, Ban ta Orui and Way
Stations Si39p
*3<l Or Newark, Centerrille, San Jose, New
Almadeu, Felton, Boulder Crpek,
Santa Crux and Principal Way
Stations *10i30a
4ilßp Newark. San Jose and Los Gatos... 9.SOa
f11:43p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations J7:aor
CREEK ROUTE >ERRY.
rrtmSAK nk ClSCO— fiot of Htrkit Strut (Slip 8)—
♦7:15 . 9:00 11.00 a.m. I:C3 *2:00 t3:GO
•4:00 t6:00 •BiMr.n.
rr»mOiHi»»— »o«tsfßn»dw*y.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
tU.-OO •1:00 ta:OC *3:00 11:00 *B:00r.M.
COAST l>l VISION (Broad flange).
(Third and Towpfnd Str)
7:00 a Han .lone and Way Stations (New
Alreadeii Wednesdays only) li39p
BiOOa flan Jos«, Tr<w Plnus, Hanta Crux,
Pacific Grove, Paso Koliles, San
Luis Oliispo, Gnadalun«, Surf and
Principal Way Hutloim 4ilor
IO:4Oa Hun Jobbhihl Way Stations *S:OOa
I1:SOa San Jose aud Way station* SiSSa
a Si4Sr San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, hiau .lose,
Gilmy, Hollister, Santa Crux,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacioo
GrOTe : M«:soa
•»:S«p Sail Jose and Way Stations •B:inn
•4:1 San .lose ami Principal Way Stations «:43a
•SiOOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:33 4
S:SOr San Jose ami Principal Way Stations <l:30p
•liter San Jose aud Way Stations 7>3Op
f11:43r San Jose and Way Stations 7::iop
A for Morning. }' for Afternoon.
* Hiindays eicer'eti. * Sundays only, * Saturdays only
*[Moiidays and Thursdays. aTnrtidays and Saturdays.
{Saturdays and Wednes<!aif , UTiursdityi mid Sundays.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESS3E
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO BAN RAFAEL
WEEK DATS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:1».
8:30, 6:10, 8:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra, trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips 41 lU.*
andll.JO p. m.
6UNDAYS-8:00. 9:86. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. i.*>.
»:CO, C:2O p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 13:46.
8:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trip* at
1:65 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. *:40. 11:19 a. m. ; I:4*, •:«•
1:00, 6:26 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetsen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave ; j Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
October 18, — - — — — — — •
Week Sun- 1898. Sun- I Week
Days. days. Destination. da,*. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
1:30 pm 9:Soam Petaluma. 6:lopm 10:35 am
• :10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa, 7:S6pm «:21pia
Fulton,
TJtaam ' Windsor, 10:JSaj»
He bur *
Lytton,
Geyservllle,
1:80 ptn IMam Cloverdal*. 7:Bspm l:Upii
Hopland and
TdOam 8:00 am Uklah. . 7:BBpm l:t)pm
IMam U:2Sam
i:Ham Guernevlll*. 7:tSpcn
1:30 pm f:2lpa
7:Soam 8:00 am - Sonoma 10:40 am !:tlaa
. ■ ■ and I . ■
1:10 pm 6:oopm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:23 pa»
T:Soam 8:00 am EebastopoL 10:40 am 19: Jo am
8:80 pm 6:00 7:3spm| 6:23 pa
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
••rvllie for Skaggrs Springs; at Clovardale . for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs.
Highland Springs, KelseyvlUe, Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport - and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Wittsr
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside. Llerley's, BuckneU's,
Eanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle, BoonevlUe. Orr'a
Hot Springs. Mendocino City, Fort Bragg.
Westport, Usal. Wlllltts, Laytonvilln. Cum-
mlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's, Dyer.
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market at.. Chronicle bids.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RTAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Age at.
■ ■ ~ • • ■ . • ■ - ■■
California
Limited
:: Santa fj? Route
Connecting Train Leaves San Fran-
cisco at 5 P. M. every SUNDAY,
TUESDAY. FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 8:1 5 A. M. the
following Thursday, Saturday
1 and Tuesday— Arriving In ; New
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
' and Wednesday.
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR. Ob-
, servation Car and Electrlo
',z Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
SAM FRASCISCO TICttfOFFICE— la MARKET SI,
=-v - - TELEPHONE MAIN 1581.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
: " Sacramento Offioe— * i Straet
San Jogß offia»— 7 West Santa Clara Si
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
_ VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
- From Nov. 10. 1893. trains will run as follows:
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. iPassen-
8-er. Sunday Sunday ger.
Dally, Exc ptd Stations. Exc'ptd Dally.
B:2oam 10:30 am Stockton 3:45pm s:sopm
■ io:ioam 2:05 Merced 12:<0pm 4:o3pm
; 11:40 am 5:30 pm Fresno * »:30am| 2:32pm
! 13:38 pm 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am! I:3spm
3:20 pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:30 am 11:25 am
12:58 3:50 pm ' Visalla 6:4o \m\ 1:15 pin
Stopping at Intermediate points a: required.
Connections— Stockton with steamboats of
California Navigation. and Improvement Com-
riny, leaving San -Francisco and Stockton at
p. m. dolly excepting Sunday. w ■. .
For stage connections see official time tabla
pr inquire at Traffic Manage*" a Office 321 Mar-
i ket street, San Fr»nctooai.FOUND THE
BOX BUT IT
WAS EMPTY
How Mrs. Mahoney
Lost Her Valuables.
STOLEN GEMS AND COIN
RIGGERS ON THE BALDWIN
WALLS GO ON A STRIKE.
Baldvrin Has Finally Decided What
He Will Do With the Site of
the Ruined Struc
ture. •
S box of Mrs. J. H. Mahoney,
wid< w 8 l;ite Senator, was unearthed
it.moon at 2 o clock in the
Baldwin Hotel, and when the
i.\ was taken to her apartments in the
gham and opened nothing but
ip of charred paper was found
rner. The $8000 worth of dtn
and $900 In com which were kept
at all times had vanished, and
slightest trace of them was left.
:• theory that can be formed is
the valuables were abstracted be
he flre reached the box at all. It
solutely certain that the same fire
. reduced the private papers to a
tied heap would have melted me
lat the molten metal would aye re
; in evidence. As to the diamonds,
i the degree of heat in the fire must
n intense, the most damage it
would have done to the gems would have
to blacken them slightly, but they
have been restored to their former
condition.
When Mrs. Mahoney opened the box
with a duplicate key and found it abso
• mpty except as to the charred pa
»he gave way to almost uncontrolla
--ief. Most of the diamonds were
from the dead Senator, and were
j treasured by her on that account,
comprised thirteen diamond rings,
each in a separate case; three watches,
v magnificent diamond necklace, two
a sunburst, a pendant, a dag
*-> r, all of diamonds; a pair of solitaires
and numerous other costly mementos. If
ieory formed is correct, the thief
t-iitered her room while the fire was rug
pened the box, took the jewels and
left the private papers as being of no
rtance. He might have opened it
with a skeleton key, or found the key in
the lock of the strong box, as Mrs. Ma
is not quite certain if she took it
in retiring that night. As to the
a In-ing in the box she is positive,
c was particularly careful with her
Three men laid claim to the finding of
x as it was i xpected a snug n
be forthcoming. Laborer G
F, Flannery struck something hard with
hiH pick, and on* ii m It was
to be the strong box. Matthew
i. .who employs nine men to hunt
tables belonging to Mrs. Seymour,
Llin and J. J. Groom, claimed the
I cause Flannery was one ot his
igher wanted a
of the reward by virtue of an au
■ y from Mrs. Mahoney. The three
.vaped a flei I ■■■ which thfeat
to become exciting, and when the
in to the Langham by
n a small procession followed in us
The th; ■ ipute was
i ; by Mrs. Mahoney. why very gra
> Bald that she would reward all
cc of
was discovered. What bei
the matter will now be is not
!
among diamond experts devel
fact that the tire, no matter how !
. could not dissipate the stones into
i. Diamonds are unmt-Kable. As to]
Id that would have been melted, but .
t.tal in its changed state would re
■ the other day Mrs. Mahoney asked
nploye of . ■ safe firm of whom she
ised the strong box what would
n in the case of fire and he answer
ed that he could not say that the box was
but seme of the same kind of
had stood the test in other fires
:hat the diamonds would be only
faintly discolored in that event, and that
they would he worth nearly as much as
after they had been burnished.
Thirty riggers, who were employed by
E. J. Baldwin to tear down the ruins of
the Baldwin Hotel, refused to perform
any more of the dangerous work because
Baldwin reduced their wages to $1 50 a
He )-,,ul been paying them $3 and
$2 r." since they have been working on the
tottering walls, and the men went on a
t-trike when he expressed his determina
tion to pay the 1-iwer figure. The conse
quence will be that the unsightly struc
ture, or what is 1.-ft of it, will continue
to be an eyesore for some time to come,
altuOUgh Baldwin said he could get any
mimbei to do the work for $1 a
day. This . . rs say is not so. He
might got unskilled men, but from the
dangerous nature of the work it is highly
probable thai some of them would be
killed in its performance, as it requires
experienced riggers to <lo it properly. He
succeeded in getting a half dozen men at
$1 50 a day. but very little progress was
made, and the donkey engine used to pull
the wa..s down was stopped all the after
noon. The strike does not Include the
men who are digging in the ruins and re
moving the debris, as they are paid $2 a
day by storekeepers in the burned build
"The riggers who went out were very
much exercised at Baldwin's course and
Fay now that they will not return to work
even at the old wages unless the un
pkilled men are discharged. They have
all done rigging on the water front and
they do not care to take chances with in
experienced men. The foreman himself
the job is the toughest one he ever
undertook.
\n Idea of the dangerous nature may be
gained from the fact that one day last
week Baldwin offered one of the men—
GRAPE-NUTS.
f Good Food $
% Tastes Good >£
4* and
* Does Good *
* Try *
| Grape=Nuts f
£ HOT OR COLD. £
SKILLFUL COOKS' DUTY.
Should Make Food Taste and Look
Well.
The most valuable food will not long
agree with a person If its taste Is dis-
agreeable. This > oes not- argue that i
all nice tasting articles are nutritious
and nourishing. , However, it is the
duty of all food expert to produce de-
licious food and from the best possible
ingredients, and to have a comprehen-
sive knowledge of the laws of diges-
tion and assimilation. ...
Grape-Nuts, the new food, made by
Postum Cereal Co. Lim., Battle Creek,
and now on sale at grocers, is thought
to be the highest type of scientifically
«n?de food thus far produced.
Reynolds by name— ss if he would stretch
a cable around the theater wall, but with
the proviso that he would have to do so
on his own responsibility. ;
There are two Iron girders on the Mar
ket street side that weigh two tons each
and It will be necessary to crawl out on
the end of them to fasten the rope. On
the Ellis street side there are several
■water tanks on a shaking 18-inch wall'
and life iS not safe in that vicinity • '
what r is m n e rnh»h? terda afternoon located
where S^l )a . bly an other dead body near
unere £.cllin s tailor store stood - The
Market U \ V* Cnty away from the
Would Vn™2 e J frOnt and the odor is what
wouia come from a decaying body. It is
and win t& heaps of rul >W«h and debris
Th^fAiin ? some tin ie to get at.
filed by h Wi M g tlmely Protests have been
iheSimol? Merchants' Association with
the Supervisors and Fire Commissioners:
To th. tt FRANCISCO. Dec. 7. IS9B.
Cit%° """"/able the Board of Supervisors.
Nu'mer Protests an reached this office
from n,^i Pro . tests have reached this office
aeaTn^Thi 68 '"♦■ busln ess on Market street
woind Iht re ion of a "y fence or obstruction
?erefere with Win Hotel Blte that would m
B?dlw»nr- i^.. the cu Btomary travel upon the
sidewalks contiguous thereto.
boaiS i r« 3ot On3er No - 158S oi y° ur honorable
«£{?„ "9 i s ln the erection of any building
?.™ n - , he t flr , c llmltß that a -sidewalk shall
constructed, and all building operations
pna.ll be conducted so that foot passengers shall
i£«? free and unobstructed passage over at
Ifr^l th . e^ outer half of the official width
or the sidewalk next the curb "
we would, therefore, respectfully request
iour honorable board to grant no special privi-
XfrS v . W ! U P erm of any additional inter
ruftion in the travel along this sidewalk on
Market street, especially as this thoroughfare
is constantly and extensively used by a large
portion of the community. Yours, very truly,
MERCHANTS' ASSOCIATION.
To the Honorable Board of Fire Commis
sioners. City and County of Fan Francisco—
Gentlemen: A number of complaints have been
received at this office rpparJing the unusual
cielay in clearing the sidewalks fronting the
Baldwin property destroyed by flre on Novem-
Twelve days have elapsed since the flre took
place, and the ruins of the wall still stand-
Ing, as well as the debris resulting from the
fire, continue to obstruct the sidewalks, thus
interrupting travel and seriously Injuring busi
ness in that neighborhood.
We would, therefore, respectfully request your
honorable board to require the parties respon
sible for the above nuisance anil damage to
abate the same as speedily as may be accom-
Ellshed under the powers possessed by your
onorable board. Very truly youre,
MERCHANTS' ASSOCIATION.
Baldwin has at last come to a definite
conclusion as to what to do with the
property upon which the Baldwin Hotel
stood. He declares he has decided to
erect a two-story building on the site,
paying particular attention to the stores
along Market street and making them as
good and commodious as anything in the
city. The stores when finished will let
for the highest rent on Market street,
while the ones on Powell and Ellis streets
will bring in a great deal more than the
old hotel.
With modern built stores along the
: three fronts he thinks the income will be
sufficient to meet present obligations and
leave a handsome margin besides. The
second floor will be occupied just as soon
as built. In that way no portion of the
ground will be permitted to remain non
productive, except that small piece where
the theater building stood, and even this
will later be turned into rent-producing
property.
The expense of putting up the new
building will be very small, as everything
that can be utilized out of the hotel will
be made to aid in the construction of the
smaller building. A brick and iron front
with plate glass windows will be buiu,
while the old bricks from the ruins will
be made to serve as a rear wall.
Every door and window saved from the
conflagration will be used in fitting up
the second story of the new building, as
also all of thu posts, pillars, girders, etc.,
both of iron and wood, that can be util
ized.
With this building "Lucky" will con
tent himself until some purchaser comes
, along and offers him a price for the entire
lot Then he will sell; but in no case,
Baldwin, will he ever build another
hotel and theater on the lot.
En this l.< is positively determined, as
he said: "1 am now too far advanced In
years to undertake the erection of a build
ing such as I would like to see stand on
the old site that I loved so dearly. By
the erection of the Baldwin Hotel twenty
1 three years ago Marker str. ••• assumed
; its present commercial importance. Were
it not for the erection of the hotel and
. theater on this block that (pointing to the
Parrott buiMing) would never have been
built. I consider the property on Mar
ket street where the hotel stood worth
fully $10,000 a front foot, and it will bring
these figures inside of a very short
period."
When Baldwin sells the Market street
property ho will at the same time dis
of all of his San Francisco holdings
and retire to one of his country resi
dences to enjoy the balance of his days
in peace. He is thoroughly disgusted with
his San Francisco notoriety, where, he
says he has been held up as one of the
blackest men on earth, while at the same
time he tried in every way to advance the
interests of the city by spending thou
sands of dollars in improving property.
ARE TO SERVE
FOR NEXT TERM
Various Societies Elect
New Officers.
The following named societies have
chosen the members whose names are
given as officers to serve for the ensu
ing term:
Occidental Lodge, F. and A. M.— Edward F.
Delger, W. M. ; P. K. Gordon, S. W« ; Ed J.
Thompson, J. W. ; W. G. Anderson, S. ; C. L.
Haskeil, T. ; C. S. Benedict, trustee of Masonic
Hall Association; B. P. Flint, C. L. Haskeil
mi 1 Mark Sheldon, trustees of Johnson bequest
funtl; F. W. Moebus, trustee cemetery plat.
Fidelity Lodge, F. and A. It— W. S. Wascer
witz, W. M. ; A. T. Barnett, S. W. : Lucius L.
Solomons, J. W.J E. Emanuel, T. ; F. Barry, S.
Hermann Lodge, F. and A. M. — Richard
Sternltzky, W. II. ; Otto turn Buden. B. \V.;
Fritz Hageman Jr., J. W.J Louis Shumacher,
S. ; George Belcher, T.
Golden West Lodge, I. o. O. F.— J. W. Has
lett, N. G. ; J. P. Whitney, V. G. : G. H. An
drews, R. S. ; E. P. Manuel, P. 8., and F. R.
Parker, T.
Charter Oak Lodge, Knights of Honor— M. S.
Blacklow, D. ; A. P. Dv Hoise, V. D. ; J. F.
Harris, A. D. : W. W. Kednal, T. ; H. K. Cum
mlnCß, R. ; \V. A. K. Nicholson. F. R.
Court Columbia. Forester* of America-
Thomas H. Morton, C. R. ; G. W. Wynant. 8.
C. R. ; J. G. Chase Jr., T. ; J. Goodman, F. S. ;
J. E. O'Brien, R. S. ; L. P. Moore, S. W.; M.
M. Valentine, J. W. ; A. M. Kemp, S. B. ; M.
Xava, J. li. ; W. C. Hassler, physician, and C.
Lincenfelser, trustee.
Alcatraz Parlor, Native Sons of the GoVl^n
West-T. J. Harry. P«j Max Liechtenstein, tint
vice president; Arthur Liechtenstein. second
vice president, B. P. 1/apac.het, third vice
president; Charles Kendrick. M.
Pioneer Lodge. Friends of the Forf-st— Mrs.
Annie F. Home, P.; Mrs. Lena Blebeshelmer,
V. P.; Miss M PhJppa, C; Mrs. M. E. Mc-
Lane. F. S. ; Mrs. &ra Wetzel. R. R. ; Mrs.
Carrie Kruse, T. ; Miss Helen Doherty, M. ;
Mrs. Marie Camel t. W. ; Miss Lizzie Roacvear,
1. G. ; Mrs. M. B. Collln, sentinel and Dr.
Leffler and Dr. Patton, physicians.
James A. Garfleld I'ost, G. A. R. — General
Edward B. Bolomon, C. : James Klcrnan. S V
C; 8. Ij- Simon. J. V. C. ; Frank Elliott Myers,
O. of D. ; Frank E. Kelly, S. ; A. Ennis. chap
lain; A. B. Coba, O. of (1.; A. S. Inaaos. Q M ;
J. H. Hilton, a. L. Simon, Frank E. Myers.
Charles Kdelmen and Alfred S. Isaacs, repre
sentatives to department encampment at Han
Dleso. April. UM. The Inptallation will be by
Deputy Commander Sol Cahen January 3, In
the Alcazar building.
Berkeley Council of the National Union— W.
H. H. Gentry, P. ; W. T. Barnett, V. P. ; F.
K. Fowden, S. ; B. A. Hayne, ex-P. ; X V
Oove. R. S. : C. L. Beldenbach, F. S., and R
F. Ellison, I.
WORK OF DEFT FINGERS.
Sale of Dolls and Fancy Articles at
the Columbia School.
To-morrow afternoon the dolls recently
exhibited by the pupils of the Columbian
Grammar School at the doll show, with
many more made by the children, will be
sold for the benefit of the Children's Hos
pital. The sale will take the form of a
bazaar and entertainment, and will be
held in the school building on Florida
street between Twenty-fourth and Twen
ty-fifth It will not be confined tr. dolls
alone but will include many other pretty
things the work of the deft fingers of
the scholars and candy. There will
also be a stereopticon exhibition. The
irticlef to be sold are principally the work
of the sewing classes^ of the school.
Benefit for Mrs. Captain Hallett.
A benefit entertainment will be piv.-ti
to the family of the late Captain Hallett
at Union-square Hall, Post street, be
tween Powell and Mason, on Wednesday
evening December 21. Captain Hallett
was third officer on the Australia, and
niloted the cruiser Charleston to the La
drone Islands when they were taken by
the United States. After this occurrence
the captain contracted a severe illness,
from the effects of which he died. The
members of his family are in destitute
circumstances, and the benefit has been
arranged by charitable people for their
relief. ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1898.
IS MRS. MARCEAU
REALLY INSANE?
Fears Some One Is Trying to Gain Pos
session of Her Property.
FOR the past few days there have been whisperings that Mrs. Fen
nell—formerly the wife of the dashing photographer and tin eoldier,
Colonel iuarceau— had completely lost her mind and would shortly be
removed to a sanitarium, where it was hoped she might woo back
health and reason.
Mrs. Fiske-Marceau-Fennell has been living at the Lick, and the wild
mutterings and shrieks that cleft the usual stillness of her rooms made
the guests at the Lick surmise all sorts of terrible things.
Then there was also the many daily visits of the doctor that lent
color to the story, until all suppositions became certainties, and it was
given out that the wealthy and beautiful widow of the Fresno million
aire and twice divorcee was about to be committed to a madhouse.
Dr. E. O. Jellinek, Mrs. Fennell's physician, is authority for the state
ment that the so-called mental aberration is nothing more nor less than
delirium, the direct result of high temperature brought on by disease.
"Mrs. Fennell has been suffering with an acute attack of appendicitis,"
paid the doctor, "and the resulting high temperature caused violent de
lirium. The noises that disturbed the guests at the hotel were the mutter
ings of delirium. Mrs. Fennell is now convalescent, and I hope that af
ter a short stay in the country she will be completely restored to health."
Dr. Jellinek admitted that he had heard the reported rumors of the
lady's insanity, and that even the reports had been brought to the lady
herself "The other day," sttA the doctor, "when I called on Mrs. Fen
nell I found her in tears and in a highly nervous state. She begged me
to tell her if she really was insane, and said some of her friends had
told her that there was the report a man closely associated with her in
business matters had circulated. After she was quieted she said there
was a plot afoot to railroad her to an asylum so the man in question might
legally take charge of the management of her estate."
Acting according to the advice of her physician, who claims that abso
lute quiet is necessary for the patient's recovery, Mrs. Fennell denies
herself to all visitors. She goes out driving, seeks distraction at the the
ater but absolutely refuses to see any visitors.
Mr Munson, an old and tried retainer of the Marceau household, came
in answer to the reporter's card and said his mistress, whom he still
calls Mrs Marceau, could not receive any one. Munson denied emphatically
that his mistress was suffering with temporary aberration, and referred
the scribe to the attending physician. *
In the office of the Lick the clerk in charge said he knew nothing
and had heard nothing of Mrs. Marceau's being insane, although the bell
boy confessed to the fact that the lady was certainly "cranky."
Dr Jellinek, Mrs. Fennell's physician, is, according to his own testi
mony an expert on insanity. "She is perfectly sane," the doctor Baid,
"but I can't say what may develop. She comes from an extremely ner
vous family, and is herself highly excitable."
COMING MINERAL
EXHIBIT IN PARIS
A STATE APPROPRIATION TO BE
REQUESTED.
The Miners' Association Will Not
Occupy the New Ferry x,oilding
as a Headquarters.
A meeting of the executive committee
of the California Miners' Association was
held last evening in the Union League
rooms. Palace Hotel, for the purpose of
acting upon several important resolutions
brought before the State- Convention.
The question of occupying one of the
rooms of the State Mineralogist at the
new ferry building, upon the invitation of
that officer, as the headquarters of the
association was discussed. The sum of
$700 had been appropriated for the rental
and furnishing of such an office, and the
committee generally was in favor of ac
cepting the invitation and saving the
money? Secretary Benjamin objected, on
no?be?ns divisible or cb uld
the same time. The matter was warmly
deoat*?. until the secretary was author
ized to use $200 of the appropriation for.
office furniture and to locate where ho
chooses. He will not go to the water
fl The resolution pertaining to increasing
the county branches of the .association
the association were not so energetic In
mmim
.^Kno^now it is yourself." re
m^he d n?iner C wifl pay the bill after all."
Ba Mr P T™ a ßro?cifaavocat e a taxing the
mine-owners, or ever ..he the state, he
£& "and at"** C? a goodly sum could
?S t b .%!3 O 2J?r«.t tIS& Know-*-
JSffl2yjg!SfiSSS amended the
m A ti0 R PaSrSught $25,000 a reasonable
su A m ?nd P f o|t^c ,ugh Jo rjhe
?riU ol Sn»™t. j*Uj as coun
ties raised a r^ u^5 0.000 came back
sHFs?.?:>.:-a. I ss-iivs
tion was unanimously carried.
MISSION LEAGUE CLUB.
A Movement to Improve the South-
Western Section of the City.
The Minion Leaprue Improvement Club
dv y for the County Hospital for so long,
■ nd It now has practically no outlet.
t wa£ reroramended that the attention
of the Board of Health be called to the
condition of that portion of the swamp
between Twenty-fifth and Army streets,
which remains unfilled. The club wishes
it condemned as a nuisance and the nu -
sance abated. It was also decided to agi
tate for the extension of Potrero avenue
to Army street with a proper sewer.
The attention of the incoming Superin
tendent of Streets will be called to the
condition of the Potrero, in the hope that
he will compel the Market-street Railway
Company to properly pave between its
A resolution requesting Eugene Sullivan,
the Assemblyman from that district, and
Senator Dwyer, to reintroduce the bHI
authorizing the expenditure of $300,000 for
ihe erection of a new City and County
Hospital was passed^
At the Camera Club.
A large number of visitors were pleas
antly entertained at the Camera Club ex
hibit in the Academy of Sciences building
last evening. Archibald Treat gave the
second of a series of lectures on photo
graphy in its relation to art. The lecture
was accompanied by anecdotes of cele
brated painters. The next theme of Mr.
Treat will be "The Camera In the
Field."
Tissue paper, plain and in all the new
floral designs for lamp shades and fancy
work at Sanborn & V ails. ♦
LOUIS KAMMER, BUTCHER,
MYSTERIOUSLY MISSING
FRIENDS BELIEVE HE IS BTTT.T.
ALIVE.
Hat and Purse Found on Bay Farm
Bridge — Theory of
Suicide.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 7.— Louis Kammer, a
butcher, of High street, has disappeared.
There is every evidence that he com
mit tod suicide early this morning by
jumping from the Bay Farm Island
bridge into the bay. His friends, how
ever, refuse to believe that he has made
away with himself. His business affairs
were in a satisiactory condition and the
only motive for his suicide was his un
happy domestic relations.
Kammer lived with his wife on Bay
Farm Island. With them was a man
named Frederick A. Sutten, who claimed
at times to be Rammer's partner,, and
who, Mrs. Kammer has stated, was her
brother. Both assertions have been
denied. As soon as Rammer's probable '
suicide was reported to-day Sutten and
the woman called at police headquarters
and inquired how they should proceed to ;
collect Kammor's life insurance. Being |
unable to secure the desired information
they hastened to San Francisco, and dur
ing the day were absent from their home.
Kammer frequently spoke of suicide to
his friends, but as he was of. a jocular
disposition little attention was given his
remarks. He did not go home last night.
He visited the Hotel Encinal. on High
street, early in the evening, and as he wag
somewhat under the Inlluence of liquor
he was put to bed. He arose this mom
ing about 6:30 o'clock, told the barkeeper
walk a t 3 o f h^ n £ unusu £»y» y fine, and woSfd
waiK to i? home. The road leads over
the Ba >' ,i m Island bridge, which is
about half a mile from the 'hotel
t*ff ° c i ock An «elo Ghiglione, a Vege
table gardener, coming from the island
H|
suspicious holes, such as might b« m.n
carted away the ,S, JATIM?
Bsgssassss
FOWL ON VIEW.
Opening of the Oakland Poultry As
sociation's Show.
OAKLAND, Dec 7—Th« «r«* ,
exhibition of' the Oak.a^ Pou ryTsso* 1
shown by the OaklandPou*?T2ZS?
tried F. A, Rowsell of Lorin C ■ J S!i s"
fried of Alameda. Jesse of a£"
meda Gray & Webster, T. W. Leydecker
W. 11. Arps, E. Van Every O ilm '
H O. Byerly of Ban Jose. Mrs H Beverty
of San Jose, Briggs Poultry Yards F
tfSTA IS^p^SSlo^ *
Estes, C. F. Emery, L. E BraSd C o
Hinds H. White, Mr. Naismifh L r Co?"
bled Mr. Miller, the Chico PouUry
Yards, the Williams Poultry Farm nf
mo a u h t{f^c^ yandotte3 -d Barfed
Hcmolrigrht of San Francisco 'En
C. ft J. Siegfried and ihe'aakland^hUe
,Dr. C. J. Selfridge and L. L CamDbPii
have white duchesses, h Fshft
man has blue and silver runts, and Mrs
A. H. Blow has some runts. . bSer nl?'
eon •- exhibitors are the "Oakland wVi?
lofts, Percy Ward, J. D Taylor FrS,
Rltter and C. Emigh. The exhibition in"
eludes White Pouters, Trumpeters cV«S"
ed Tumblers,- Black Tumblers, "ed Par"
lor Tumblers, . Black Rollers clinmnfo
and Black Florentines. ™uers> Calumets
Those competing for honors ! with ducks
are: James Hogue, F. :E. Mason of Ala
meda, C. J. Siegfried of Alameda Oakl
land Poultry Association, F. A.' Rowspll
Jesse^Rogers and Gray & Webster
include Peking Golden Sebrights. Mottkd
Japanese; Black Japanese and White Jap
anese. «u.p-
The' poultry show will be open till • Sat
urday night. ■ To-morrow the bench show
will open in the same building, and Is un
der the • auspices of the California" Collie
I
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, December 7
■ Btmr Lakme, Klltgraard, 99 hours .from Ta
coma.
= Schr Sailor Boy, Peterson, 9 ' days . from Ev
- erett. ■■■ - '■• ■••■ >- ■ ' . '■ X ■ • ■•.• .■ .-^..a\
• Stmr Pomona, • 17% hours from Eureka.
Stmr Point ;. Arena, Hanßen, 14 hours ■ from
Mendocino. . , • •
■"-.' *'■ SAILED. ;■ .'. t j • .
•,--' -.Wednesday, December 7.
Stmr Scotia, Thompson. , :^ ..,-,-
I Stmr Coquille River,* Johnson, Fort Bragg. •
JOSH REILLY
AND HIS MOST
SUPERB CATCH
The Newspapers Did
Not Praise It.
MISTAKE A DANGEROUS ONE
BEN CLASH EXPATIATES ON
COBNEE CUTTING.
He Says, and Truthfully So, That
Pitching for Corners Is an
Art Yet to Be Accom
plished.
By Joe Corbett.
"Josh" Reilly made what might with
propriety be termed a phenomenal cau j.
In last Sunday's game at Recreation Park.
Strange as it certainly is, the newspapers
said but little of the great catch, I my
self overlooking it entirely. In view of
this fact I take advantage of the
present opportunity to compliment "Josh"
on his clever play. At the time It oc
curred the bases were full, which adds
additional glory to the occasion. Some
folks might consider it a waste of time,
with a little energy cast in, to touch on so
significant a point. But folks should bear
in mind that when a player succeeds in
doing something out of the ordinary his
first act the following a. m. is to secure
the morning dailies and see what the
"roasting" reporters have to say. Should
they neglect, as in this case of Reilly's,
to make any mention of the fact, such
a mistake is considered sufficient cause
with some players to refrain from doing
such extraordinary things in the future.
It is to guard against this dreaded re
sult, intermingled, of course, with a de
sire not to ostracize Mr. Reilly from pub
lic notice, that I speak of this gentle
man's wonderful catch of Sunday last.
We are all sadly aware of the fact that
wonderful plays and catches are as
scarce in the vicinity of Recreation Park
as good games were but a few months
ago. In justice to those who do not pos
sess a season pass I Item it expedient to
encourage such playing. Very often it is
the only return they receive for their
money, and why spoil this outside Issue
for the sake of a few words? Not at all.
Reilly made one of the greatest catches
I ever saw, and if he performs the feat
again I'll pay him that $150 the Pacific
Coast League failed to make good as yet,
providing, of course, I am not disturbed
from these pleasant reveries, which, tor
some reason or other, I uave to indulge
in while expatiating on the ups and
downs of the national game. In conjunc
tion with the above little speech, 1 wish
to state that the patrons of ball games
the world over like to see such catches
as Mr. Reilly made last Sunday. This is
so particularly of our Paciiie Coast, fanat
ics and therefore it would ill become the
players to dispense with the best and in
Some caffs the only thing they do. Make
Kreat catcher, and then go into politics;
but get into politics just as soon as pos
sible after making the catch. You know
in baseball a man's popularity dies out
rather rapidly. Verily, I have seen a
player a hero on one evening, and a
"lobster"— if 1 may make use of the ex
pression — on the next.
Ben Clark, one of the catchers of the
Baltimore Club, has this to say of pitch
ers" "This talk about pitchers working
the' in and out side corners of the plate
makes very interesting reading for tho
baseball fans, but there Is more romance
than fact about it. If a batsman is weak
on a high ball the average pitcher has
enough control of the ball not to serve
a low one. But when it comes to the
hair-splitting skill that is required to
serve the sphere over the corners of the
plate there are few-precious few—pitch
ers who can work such a scientific bit of
control. Clark Griffith of the Chicagos;
Bert Cunningham, Al Maul and Charley
Nichols may be successful in working the
corners occasionally, for their control of
the ball is simply phenomenal The
Ditcher who takes the mask and the pad
of a backstop for a guide and succeeds in
sending the ball so that it will round up
opposite the wind pad is doing good work,
especially if he can ram his curves over.
It is impossible for a pitcher to work the
corners of the plate when he cannot see
the home rubber half the time Ihe home
plate is often lost to a pitcher's view dur
ing the game, as It is covered with dust^
and the umpire has no time to brush it off
till sides are changed. Charley Nichols
of the champions never experimented In
those puzzling slants, quick shots and
drop balls that you hear so much about.
He simply drives the ball up to the plate
-with plenty of speed to back it and good
control. Corner working and meteoric
curves never appeal to him. There is a
slight bend to his speedy ball, but control
iS Mr S C?lrk speaks with great intelligence
on this corner working, as he terms it. I
have heard pitchers talk of how they
worked the corners, yet I firmly believe
that the line is being drawn too fine.
When pitching myself I have depended
as do other twirlers, on my ability to put
the ball on the in or outside of the plate
if I thought the situation demanded it.
But in doing this I never considered my
self pitching for "corners, for, as Mr.
Clark says "the plate most of the time
is covered with dust and is therefore in
visible " I have batted against every
Ditcher in the National League, and can
recall but one of the many whom I
should consider a pitcher capable of lo
cating the "corners" of the plate, if. in
deed, such a feat be possible. He is Mr.
Dwver of the Cincinnati Club. As for
speed and curves, to my knowledge he
possesses neither, yet is a first-class
uitcher The secret of his success must,
therefore, lie in some other branch of
pitching, and that branch is control of the
ball I have been at bat with him in the
box! and his ability to put the ball out
side when I was away from the plate
and inside when I came closer, baffled me
completely. I stood in the box one day In
Cincinnati, after vainly endeavoring to
tear the cover off shoots, wondering
how it was that I could not hit such
easy pitching. After my third trip to
bat I began to watch and study his style.
I noticed that he hardly ever put a ball
straight over the plate unless he was
compelled. It was either outside or in
side according to what he deemed ad
visable, and the majority of times he was
correct. However, his balls did not cut
the outside or inside corner of the plate.
They were generally seven or eight inches
either way, and I do not consider this
cutting the corners, as some pitchers, I
believe delight in terming it. It is cer
tainly a case Of great control, but there
it rests. I have yet to see the pitcher
who can go through a game of ball cut
ting the corners, inning after inning.
Some of them might consider such pitch
ing as I have described in the case of
Dwyer as "cutting the corners," but I
must disagree with them on this 6core.
He comes about as near being the "ideal"
in this respect as I know of, but even he
is far from being the pitcher who can
"cut the corners." He, however, can
come nearer performing the difficult feat
than any pitcher I have seen In the
major league.
RELIANCE ATHLETICS.
An Evening's Entertainment in the
Oakland Club.
OAKLAND. Dec. 7.— The Reliance
Athletic Club gave its regular monthly
smoker and boxing entertainment this
evening. There were several very good
preliminaries and then came the two prin
cipal events of the evening. The first
bout was supposed to be an eight-round
go between Jack McMahon and Jimmy
Higgins, both of San Francisco. The first
two rounds were about even, but in the
third Higgins began to resort to foul tac
tics and back-heeled McMahon, throwing
him to the floor. Referee Fox stopped
the bout and gave the decision to Mc-
Mahan.
The next event was between Emll Dahl
of Alameda and Frank Schuler of San
Francisco. Both weighed 128^ pounds.
Dahl 1b a very strong,, determined fighter,
but Schuler was much too clever for him.
He hit Dahl whenever and wherever he
pleased. The bout went the route, and
the referee gave Schuler the decision,
which met with general approval, except
ing Dahl, who said he thought he had won
the fight. He was lucky he was not put
out. Only his pluck saved him.
FIRST OF THE CONTESTANTS.
Band of the Hebrew Orphan Asylum
Plays at the Charity .Bazaar.
The Anspacher band of the Hebrew Or
phan Asylum opened the musical contest
at the Charity Bazar last night. As this
is their first engagement of any conse
quence they were suffering a little from
nervousness, but at the signal from Con
ductor Mauser's baton all, from the tiny
chap who played the bass drum to the
cornetist, who is raising a mustache,
played away with a hearty good wili
which made up for some slight deficien
cies in smoothness. The method of judg
ing these contests is a new departure. All
selections will be taken on a graphophone
and the judges will render their decision
at their leisure. The San Francisco Am
ateur Band, which has drawn second
place in this contest, has its inning to
night.
A special feature will be an
ADVERTISEMENTS. "~
Diseases l Weakness of Men Only
Dr. Meyers & Co., Established 1881.
X' E <" - ■ '
VICTIMS •OF NERVOUS DEBILITY, WASTING WEAK-
NESS, LOST VITALITY, DESPONDENCY, CONTRACTED AIL-
MENTS AND VARIOUS OTHER TROUBLES PERMANENTLY
CURED BY THESE ABLE AND RELIABLE SPECIALISTS.
PUT THE MONEY IN ANY BANK
Any man applying for treatment who has the least doubt of their
ability to cure a contracted ailment, or to restore complete or par-
tial loss of vitality, may deposit the price of a cure in any bank or
with any well-known business house or newspaper in San Fran-
cisco, such deposit NOT to be paid to Dr. Meyers & Co. until the
patient is convinced that he is permanently cured. Payments
may be made in monthly installments, if preferred.
CONSULTATION AND ADVICE FREE.
DR. MEYERS & CO. have the largest and best equipped medi-
cal institution and the most extensive practice in America. Home
cures a specialty. Correspondence solicited. All letters confiden-
tial. No printing on envelopes or packages.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
731 MARKET STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.
Tnlrck FlAV^+nr I HOURS-8 to 3 dally.
1 clKt? CItJVdUJI ■ | Evenings, 7to 8. Sundays, 9to 11.
uci DC a J&Bk. \ A NON"
FAIL // \k
Sbuedn rely implicitly
upon the ability of this tonic to
give you the new strength of
which you are sadly in need after
a spell of sickness. ;
Possesses the greatest nourish-
ing and soothing qualities of Malt
and Hops.
Val.Blatz Brewing Co.
M ILWAUKEE.USA.<
Louis Cahen & Son, Wholesale
I Dealers, 416418 Sacramento Street,
San Francisco. ;t ".
NO CROPS WILL CROW
On • certain , western lands unless streams of
■ living water be carried to every part. It is thus
that the principle of life is carried . through-
1 out our bodies by-*he nerve system. We Bay,
and say rightly, that THE NERVES ARE
THE LIFE, and if from any cause they be
enfeebled or broken-down, the miseries that
result are BEYOND ALL TELLING. Lassi-
tude and debility, sleeplessness and • discom-
fort, ; gloom, fretfulness ; and Incipient mania,
loss of vital powers, and the tendency to con-
sumption, and other fatal maladies are all
• due to this.
THE FAMOUS
PERFECTO TABLETS
* are the sure remedy and preventive for - all
these evils. Impart vitality, vigor and po-
tency, give relief to Insomnia,: failing memory
I and evil dreams. -Repair the ' effects of ex-
cesses and indiscretions— up the entire
system. ■ ■-.■:■'■:■■'■■■■ ■"-.■;".,•'- '■..;.:■;■
MAKE : PERFECT MEN AND WOMEN
! One 50c box renews vital ' energy. 6 boxes at
js2 50 a guaranteed , cure or money refunded.
;v.; Mailed on receipt of price by - v ."
THE PERFECTO CO., C&xt9n Building, Chicago, 111.
:■. Sold by Owl Drug Co., S. F. and Oakland.
Q visit DR. JORDAN'S ©*•**
JSm Museum of Anatomy
fgHBl 1051 ST. bet 6th & 7th, B.7.CaL
a S*« .! { The Lmrgfstof its kind In the World. '■
\Wiiki \ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
' lKwf fii •'' ■■ ComulUtlon free. Writ* for R»ok ' :
Wi of Marriage.
■ ft MAILED FREE.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEABNT ST. ! Established
In 1834 fdithe treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. : Debility or
I disease wearing on body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
others fail. i Try him. Charges low.
Curea guaranteed. Call orwrite.
:. »r. 4, F. UIBBOJJ, Box 1957, San Francisco.
exhibition of fancy dancing to-morrow
night by the pupils of Miss Clarke"*
dancing school. The following 1 evening a
ladies' orchestra of forty pieces, compris
ing some of the best Instrumentalists in
the city, will make its tirst appearance,
under the leadership of Miss Nina tie St.
Hubert. Other special features to be seen
in the near future are exhibitions of fan
cy bicycle riding, a slack wire perform
ance, an animatoscope exhibition of unus
ual merit, including an especially fine sot
of views of the last intercollegiate foot
ball game.
Stabbed Over a Slot Machine.
C. A. Walls, a colored banjo player,
dropped into a saloon at Grant avenue,
and Morton street last night, and after
playing a few fascinating airs on the
banjo started in to play the slot ma
chine for more fascinating .nickels. He
finally made a winning, bu^ another gen
tleman of color, whose name is unknown
to Walls, took a share of the nickels.
Angry words followed, and the unknown
drew a knife and slashed Walls across
the abdomen. Walls struck the unknown
on the head with his instrument, but
without effect, for the man took to his
heels in the liveliest manner. The in
jured man was taken to the Receiving
Hospital, where his injuries were dressed
by Dr. Hartley. He will recover.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
&(v -.: Steamers leave ■ Broadway
Tnftiji^ wharf, San Francisco:
: t§Ka£J^. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
MPfwi^ Dec - 2 . 7 . 12 - v - 22, 27 > Jan - 1,
llkMl^ change at Seattle.
Rra«*oJ&a! For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
fll^^jdSßi C). Port Townsend, Seattle,
f^^^^^Bß Tacoma, Everett, Anacortea
and New Whatcom (Wash.),
10 a. m., Dec. 2. 7, 12, 17, 22,
27 Jan 1, and every fifth day thereafter,
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and Q. N. Ry. at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry., at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m., Dec.
5 10, 15. 20. 25. »0, Jan. 4, and every fifth day
For Santa Crui, Monterey, San Simeon.
Cayucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo).
Gaviota Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme,
San Pedro East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m., Dec. 3. 7 11. 15, 19. 23. 27, 31.
Jan 4 and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San I Luis Obispo), i Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles, 11 a.
m.. Dec. 1, 5, 9. 13. 17. 21. 25, 29. Jan. 2. and
every fourth day thereafter.
■ For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., Dec. 16, Jan.
12. ■••"'■• ■■ ■' ■ ■ ■
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves > the right >to ohange
without previous notice steamers, . sailing dates
and t^urs of saUintr.
ffIOKKT Ornoi-t New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agti.,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N, GO.
DISPATCH FAST , STEAMERS TO ■
-PORTLAND.
From Spear-street "Wharf at 10 a. m.
FARF Si 2 First Class Including Berths
IAnC $8 Second Class and .Meals
COLUMBIA sails..... Dec 14 U
STATE OF CAL. sails ...Dec 9 li. 29
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane 'Butte
Helena and all points in the Northwest!
Through tickets to all points East INOrtnwest -
E. C. "WARD, General Agent!
GOODALL. ;PERKINS & m c<^ rket Stre . et -
'- - -■;:: Superintendents.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantique.
(French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS
(FRANCE). . Sailing every Saturday <^f/P^s
at 10 a. m. from Pier 42, North ss%a£«£
River; foot of Morton street
LA CHAMPAGNE.... Dec 17
LA BRETAGNE - "'Dec 24
LA NORMANDIE M;r v *Dea/»
LA GASCOGNE.... '.'"" Jan 1
LA CHAMPAGNE........ .........;Jan' 14
First-class to Havre, |30 and upward, 6 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second-class to
Havre. $45, 10 per cent reduction round trip
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA, 3 Bowling Green New York
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, 5
Montgomery avenue. San Francisco. -
!l'^^K3i — ; *^ 14> at 2 D - m -
$fGW^LV^ The S - AUSTRALIA
■ lilllllL^ lB for Honolulu
•fc"*""" w Wednesdar, December
■ w 14, at 2 d. m.
Qi/^L' Tne s - 3 - ALAMEDA
K^ErSSrSlr/iiTlSn iJiJ salls vla Honolulu and
3Hegy9' GJIMHIJIIIr' Auckland for Sydney
'<3S* P ' lsinß3nir» We(ineSfla >'. December
C>3* VS'H^i"!! 28, at 10 p. m.
I Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa. ' "• ■-'--_ ■•■,
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents, '
■ .-;;-■' , 114 Montgomery st.
Freight office— 327 Market st.. San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
' Mon. Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat
. 9:45 a. m., 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thum.)
Fridays 1 P- ni. and 8:30 p. m.
Bundays 10:30 a. m. and 3 p. m.
Landing and offices— Mission Dock, Pi« t.
Telephone Main 1508.
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
BRANDES HAD
THREATENED
MURDER BEFORE
Another Important
Witness.
HEARING DRAGS ON SLOWLY
MRS. ARRELLANES, LILLIAN'S
TRUE MOTHER, SUBPSNAED.
, (
I
[Witness McKeown Corroborates Tes- j
timony of Mrs. Robinson
v .. and Long About the
'■ *> Beating.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
90S Broadway, Dec. 7.
Another surprise was sprung to-day at
the hearing of William A. I'.randes, j
charged with beating to death his thir
teen-year-old daughter, Lillian, In the
way of a witness named Ramon Anan, a
cousin of the murdered girl, who resides j
at Santa Cruz.
Anan will be put on the witness stand j
to-morrow, and by his testimony the
prosecution hopes to prove that during a |
visit to Santa Cruz, before Lillian went to \
live at Berkeley, Brand* had said that i
If she did not behave herself when with j
him he would kill her.
Mrs. Mary Arrellams Br.indes, former
wife of the accused, and mother of the
murdered girl, who resides in San Fran
cisco, lias also been subpenaed and will
be called to-morrow provided there are
no more delays by protracted cross-ex
aminations.
Witness J. S. Harvey was further cross
examined to-tia\. lie continued his dam
aging narrative against Brandes. This
afternoon Harvey testified that Gillian
had asked him for a dollar and an old
bottle that had once contained poison.
She told Harvey that she had been ac
cused of stealing both, but protested her
innocence. Witness had told her that he
would tell the father that she hadn't
taken either, and he did so.
Witness <vi redirect examination said
his tiist Impression was that Lillian had
committed suicide, but he had now chang
ed and believt-d her death was due to mur
der.
Witness J. MiKi'nwn was next called
ami his testimony was mainly corrobora
tive uf that given by Mrs. Kobinson, Mrs.
Godfrey and Louis Long. He admitted
that he had remarked "he wished
Brandes, too, was dead." This remark.
hf Bald, was casual, and had been made
because "he had been compelled to come
clear from Sun Rafael."
Th.' hearing will be. continued to-morrow
morniitg.
WEST OAKLAND IS
NOT TO BE CAJOLED
WANTS A -AIR SHARE OF THE
MONEY RAISED FOR PARKS.
A Committee to Set Forth in Plain
Terms Just What That Sec
tion Demands.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
'."is Broadway, Dec. 7.
The West Oakland Improvement club
Is now at work considering how much
money will be necessary to provide a
proper park in that portion of the city.
A committee was appointed by the club
at its hist meeting to formulate a proposi
tion regarding the needs of West Oakland.
It is now generally admitted that this j
city needs some places for the public i
pleasure and as natural ornaments. ..a
election providing bonds for ' these ' Im
provements cannot be carried unless all
sections of the city are practically har- |
monious. With the park proposition as it •
now stands. West Oakland is not at all '
satisfied. Hut many of its prominent res- \
idents have expressed the opinion that :
If that portion of town be given a fair !
proportion of any money that may oe '■
raised it will not oppose improvements in
other parts of the city. The views of res- ;
idents in that part of town were thus set
forth by Colonel Irish at last night's
meeting:
I have listened to the speeches made to-night, j
end there are some arguments that seem to me
to be quite remarkable. Some say we will give
you this, or we will give you that. Now, I |
don't know of any committee in Oakland
that has the power to make terms with i
the people of this section of the city. We are I
to demonstrate to their satisfaction our acreage j
and what it, will cost to improve it and every
thing else. Nothing in favor of West Oakland
or North Oakland can be taken for granted.
Nothing is asked about the Adams tract,
whether the price Is a fair me. If the land
la available or the site a suitable one, but we
are to submit our proposition as children com- j
Ing to a parent. You cannot carry the bonds
on any proposition that does not Include the!
Interests ■>; every part of the city.- We ought \
to have a waterway, a boulevard and a park
to beautify our. city. West Oakland doe* not
want a little postage stamp park here
and a revenue s-tam|i pork some other
place. We want enough money to secure
a decent park. Have a waterway at
.Adams Point, but have a park In West
Oakland. You talk about giving us something,
•when we are the givers now. You cannot carry
the bonds without us. and we are to say how
much wo desire of the appropriation. It has ,
been stated by people from other parts of the '
■ city that the marsh Is the proper place to
dump garbage. 1 tell you that this place Is
where the level park belongs. There you will
have a front door to the city that the city may
be proud of. Until you give us enough money
to do away with this eyesore andnosesore, you
will never ft the bonds, and It Is useless to
pubmlt .1 patchwork proposition to the people.
No Longer in a Union.
OAKLAND Dec. 7.— The Master Bakers'
Protective Association has been dissolved,
after an existence of about a- year, and
henceforth the forty-six • former members
will conduct their business affairs inde
pendently. The remaining funds in the
treasury have been donated to the man
agemeit of the West Oakland Home. The
officer? of the society were: R. W. Mer
rick, president; E. B. Kimball, vice-presi
dent; Charles Wagner, treasurer: Henry
Feldman, secretary. • • J
, \V Funeral of C. D. Kennedy. i
OAKLAND. Dec. 7.— The funeral of the
late Charles D. Kennedy, who was killed
at the Judson Powder Works, will be held
next Friday.
The remains of the victim will be taken
to San Pablo to-morrow, where the . in
quest will be held by Coroner Curry of
Contra Costa County.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND. Dec. 7. — John GomW to-day com
menced suit for a divorce from Marie de Jesus -
Homes.
Josephine Walter, as administratrix of the
estate of her late husband, Gustav Walter file l
suit to-day against Emma Sterrett and t Etna
Fowler for the recovery of jtiMw. claimed 'due
on a promissory . note dated December 8 ivii
secured by mortgage on property nt the' <i,,, ,.
tion of Alameda and Central avenues in Ala
ineda. '
The Paston' League gave its annual ban
quet In Brigade Hall, attached to the Fir*r
Congregational Church, last night, and th<
affair was largely attended by pastors and
elders of both sides of the bay. . . and
Health Officer Dunn hits Inaugurated a new
feature In the bacteriological (department of th*
Health Hoard, by which means he hopes to de
tect typhoid germs--. A piece of transparent
mica Is furnished to the physicians and ui>on ;
it is placeJ a drop of. blood obtained from the '
tip of a patient's finger by being pricked with
ii «tcri!iz<-d needle. The drop of blood can '
lie examined within a day and the existence or
non-existence of typhoid discovered".
The work of dismantling Webster-street
bridge was commenced this morning, although
this did in no way prevent Its use by vehicles
«nd cars. This" structure will not be wholly
abandoned until the Alice-street bridge ap
proaches are in shape to be traversed, which
will take only «■ few more days. ' -:^j9l«i3K3£j
— ; ■ ♦ »
The "Siberian Railway will cost $100,
000,000.
TO PREVENT
THE SHAVING
OF WARRANTS
City Employes Have
Been Robbed.
AUDITOR SNOW'S REMEDY
PREPARES A BILL TO SUBMIT TO \
THE LEGISLATURE.
i
i I
j Easy Plan by Which Workingxnen
and Others Can Be Kept Out
of the Toils of
Brokers. '
Oakland Office' San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Dec. ..
Auditor Snow is tired of seeing a
i wealthy city continually humiliated by be
■ ing- unable to pay its debts. He is advo
ting the passage by the next Legisla
ture of an act that will obviate the dif
; lloulty. ■.;■.:*'
The Merchants' Exchange has received
, the following letter from Auditor Snow:
AUDITOR'S OFFICE. CITY HALL, OAK
LAND, Cal., Dec. 6, IS3S.— Committee on Leg
! islation' Merchants' Exchange — Gentlemen: I
' suggest that you urge the passage of a. law that
: will enable the city of Oakland to pay Its bills
1 when due. Our fiscal year commences July 1,
; but our first installment of taxes is not received
| until about December 1. Meanwhile, nearly i
every warrant issued for claims against the city
Is registered "for want of funds" and finds
i its way into the hands of broker or merchant.
| There are hundreds of city employes, especially
< In the Street Department, who have paid from
i six to twenty per cent discount.
Contractors, when figuring on city work*,
j make an allowance for the fact that they will
i have to discount their warrant, and In this
I manner the city loses a far larger sum of
money than It would pay by Issuing small
bonds for a few months at a low rate of In
. ._. , . -. . ■ .. ■■■ -..--■
! terest.
I inclose a form that I think may meet the
approval of the Legislature. Sincerely yours.
K. W. SNOW.
The draft of the bill submitted to the
exchange by Auditor Snow provides tnat
cities of the third class can issue fiscal
year bonds for the purpose of providing
money for paying expenses before the
collection of taxes. The bonds shall be
of the value of $1000, and bear interest
j not to exceed 3' 2 per cent, and be payable
on the day of redemption. These bonds
; shall be sold by the Mayor and Treasurer.
I acting jointly, 'when ordered by the Coun- :
cil, but no bonds shall be sold for less
than their par value, nor shall any be
Bold at any time in excess of the amounts
actually d"ue. The money received from
these bonds must be applied to no other
I purpose than that for wnich they are is
sued, and must not in any year exceed
Hi per cent of tht» amount of taxes to be
I collected.
I The bill is now being considered by the
| Board of Trade and Merchants' Xx
! change. ___^_______
High School Graduation.
The graduating class of the Oakland
High School has prepared a drama to be j
presented in the gymnasium next Wednes
day evening. It consists chiefly of scenes
from the "Houseboat on the Styx" and
"The Pursuit of the Houseboat." The
characters are: .
Dr. Johnson, Harry Tharsing; Shakespeare,
clarence Will*: Hamlet, Bert Schroder; Nero,
Abuchapeta, Ed Hume; Columbus, Captain
Kidd. Charles Harris; Demosthenes, Mary
Shafter- Cassias, Gertrude Smith; Hluckstone,
Sadie Robinson: Sir Henry Morgan, Will Mil
ler; Charon. Walter Burpee; George ■Washing
ton. John Brewer; Boa well, Elmer Hunter;
Richard a serving? man. George Jackson; Dar
win, Roger Chickerlng: Sir Walter Raleigh.
Howard Baxter; Baron Munchausen. Clifton
Kroll; Dryden Hawkins. George Oswell; Adam,
Nellie Harrington; Confucius, Clara Hell Mun
sell- Mrs. Lot, Bessie Scott; Xantippe, Flor
ence Champreaux; Queen Elizabeth, Mabel
Holmes; Portia, Pearl King; Dido, Camilla
Lorentzen; Helen of Troy. Florence Lowden;
Madame Recamler. Esther A very; Calpurnia,
May Dunsmore: Margaret de Vallos, Florence
Gordon; Lucretla. Borgia, May Lemon; Delilah,
Bessie McCall; Ophelia, Margaret Slavish;
Diogenes, May Harnett; Noah. Alma Nolen;
Cleopatra, May Walker; Mrs. Noah, Sue Dun
bar. _^_^_______
FOUND DEAD ON THE
FIRST STREET TRACK
FLAGMAN BLETHEN MAY HAVE
COMMITTED SUICIDE.
While Laijl Off Because of Sickness
an Aged Man Meets Death
Under Mysterious Cir
cumstances.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. Dec. 7.
Charles A. Blethen. an aged flagman and
brother of Ex-Mayor Blethen, was struck
by the Alameda local on First street,
between Washington and- Broadway,
about 6:ir> o'clock to-night, and died at
the Receiving Hospital Just an hour and
three-quarters later.
So far as could be learned there were
no eye witnesses, and the -first intima
tion of the affair was the finding of the.
body lying near the track, after the train
had pulled out for Alameda,
The manner In which he was killed sug
gests that his death was not accidental.
The suicide theory has been advanced and
finds most believers. Bletheu had been
flagman at Seventh and Franklin streets
for many years. Of late his health had
been faiung and about a week ago he se
cured a leave of absence for a few weeks.
During the past few days he appeared to
be particularly discouraged and so ex
pressed himself to people about the Over
hind House, where he had been rooming
for the past twenty-five years. He was
an inveterate dealer in stocks and so far
as known had not been very successful.
At about 3 o'clock this afternoon Blethen
was seen loitering about on First street
by Flagman McKenzie. who was on watch
at the Broadway crossing. At thai lime
he seemed very despondent and It is sup
posed that hedeliberately threw himself
under the train, after it had fairly started.
The theory that Blethen might have
fallen off the train, after realizing that be
bad passed his station is exploded by the
fact as given by Conductor Robert Owens,
who says that the gates on the south
hide of'hlti train were closed when he
pulled out. and passengers arriving at
Broadway always alight from the north
side of the train.
Blethen demonstrated a remarkable
constitution and vitality, for when he ar
ris i-d at the Receiving Hospital his injury
was Immediately pronounced as fatal by
Dr. Stratton. There was a compound
comminuted fracture of the skull, expos
ing the brain over a circular area of
about three and one-half inches in di
ameter; the brain was lacerated; the left
,ye w.is torn from its socket, and his
collar bone was broken. Yet he lived until
8 o'clock. Deceased was a Dative of
Maine. ag-d 69 years.
i"arce by High School Student 3.
AI. AM EDA, Dec. The class of De
cember, '5*3. Alameda High School, ill
produce an original -v farce to-morrow
night at Armory Hall. It is -entitled
"Trial of a Manager, and was written
by Iceland S. RamideU, a, member of the
class. > The cast of characters follows
i Mr. Hi Price, the 'greatest theatrical
manager on earth, Iceland RamsdeH; Mrs
Price, his better quarter, Grace M. Lang
ley; Kitty, the maid _ Foster Griffiths:
Roundsman O Hara, Kitty s ardent lover
! Cliff Dennis; > Mrs. ■ Lizzie ... Garter, the
"Kid," Jennie Eliza Brown, Mrs
HI Price's dear ; sister. Alice "Weymouth-
Yoonnc Gilbert. French soubrette. Belle
Hickox; Sally Burn-Heart. Jean Guislain.
\: ■_;■■:■■ -": . ■ — ■»■ •' ..' ;\, /.
. Sailors are : hard : workers; I they're often
compelled to serve three-masters. ■ ' ' •;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 8, IS'JS-
WAS MENTEL
INDUCED TO GO
TO ALAMEDA.
His Wife's Action Was
Premeditated.
LAWYERS ARE INTERESTED
SPECULATE ON THE EFFECT OF
RECENT PRECEDENTS.
The Murderess Will Have Her First
Experience in the Jus
tices' Court Next
Friday.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway. Dec. 7.
Did Mrs. Anna Mentel induce her youngr
husband to come to Alameda, knowing
that In the event of the worst happening
she would be more leniently dealt with
on this side of the bay than elsewhere?
Lawyers and those whose business takes
them around the courts are freely dis
cussing the circumstances surrounding
and leading up to the murder of William
F. Mentel a week ago. The story pub
lished in The Call to-day from Dr. Con
nor of San Francisco has caused many to
think that it was not accidental that the
murder occurred in Alameda. Dr. Con
nor says that a week after the marriage
Anna Mentel paced up and down in front
of his office till nearly midnight while her
husband was secreted inside, knowing her
to be on the lookout for him with a load
ed pistol, which she had threatened to
use. Now that these facts are gradually
being brought to light they dispel some
what the halo built around the murderess
by her parents, who declare that their
daughter was never out alter dark un
less in their company. Other testimony
has come to light proving that the girl
has frequently passed under different
names and that she Is of a romantic turn
of mind.
The opinion is expressed that if Clara
Fallmrr had been convicted William Men
tel would now be alive. There is some
ground for this opinion. Within the past
year Mrs. Gregory shot a man in her Ala
meda home and was acquitted. Clara Fall
m?r, who, like Mrs. Mentel, was a hair
dresser, once threatened to shoot her
lover in San Francisco. But she discreet
ly waited till they were in this county
before she carried out her threat.
The sympathy shown for little Durie
; Heithier is also recalled as possibly hav
ing had some influence on Anna Mentel,
but the latter, unwilling to make a saeri
; lice of herself to gain notoriety, shot her
husband. It is true that Mrs. Mentel shot
at herself, but the wound was only super
• ficial. and It is recalled that there were
still one or two bullets left in the revol
; ver.
The date for the arraignment of Mrs.
Anna Mentel has been set for next Fri
day in Judge Morris' court in Alameda.
TWENTY-F./E YEARS
FOF, WILLIAM WEBER
INSANITY DODGE DID NOT WORK
THIS TIME.
Fiend Who Assaulted Little Girls
Will Spend His Last Days in
Folsom Prison.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Dec. T.
At least one fiend has been given his
Just deserts for the commission of an
outrageous and heinous crime in Ala
meda County.
William Weber, who last Friday -was
convicted of a criminal assault upon
I,aura Johnson, aged 11 years, was this
j afternoon sentenced to *wenty-five years'
I imprisonment In Folsom prison.
There were several similar charges
against the prisoner, and in some cases
! the innocent little victims were but 9
years old. The crime on which the con-
I vietion was had was committed on June 2^
I of this year.
Weber appeared in court to-day, stoop
shouldered, pale and sickly. By his side
pat his attorney, Judge Frick, who argued
immediately on a motion for a new trial,
on the ground of insufficiency of evidence.
Then, too, the jury had recommended
mercy.
Judge Ellsworth, however, in denying
the motion, spoke briefly. He remarked
that he was well satisfied with the verdict
of the jury. He then commanded the pris
oner to stand »ip.
"You have been convicted by a jury,
and I believe justly, too," said his Honor.
"It is hereby ordered, decreed and ad
judged that you be confined in the State
prison at Foisom for a period of twenty
five years."
Weber uttered a peculiar and unearthly
exclamation of surprise and horrible real
ization, and fell back in his chair and
sobbed loud and long when he heard bis
sentence pronounced. He broke down
completely, and it was almost necessary
for the Deputy Sheriff to carry him from
the courtroom.
Weber is said to have rich relatives In
Germany, whence he came only a f>w
years ago. He showed by letters tfcat he
had been treated on two occasions for In
sanity, but for once the plea of insanity
was relegated to oblivion. He is a suf
ferer from asthma in its most aggravated
form, and by physicians pronounced ab
normal, and will beyond question pass his
last days behind prison walls, for though
but 2.. years old he has but few years
longer to live.
SWIFTWATER BILL
TO LOSE HIS HOME
GATES W-uLL tfOT SHINE IN OAK
LAND SOCIETY.
The Henshaw Mansion V. as Paid For
Largely in Promises lnat Are
delinquent.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Dec. 7.
Mr. "William Gates, otherwise "Swift
*vater Bill." has lost his last feather. His
East Oakland mansion, which he bought—
but only partly paid for— is to be sold, and
the man who caused Oakland society
much discomfiture will either have to
settle very promptly or else give up his
possession in this city.
About a year ago Mr. Gates, accom
panied by the young dancer, who was
then his wife, decided to make Oakland
his home, and with much publicity he in
dulged her one day by buying for $25,000—
n more trifle, as he expressed it then—
the beautiful Henshaw home in East Oak
land. At that time Mr. Gates was
-quoted" at $1,800,000.
About the same time that he purchased
the house Mr. Gates organized a com
pany to make fortunes In th<> Klondike.
It was whispered that the purchase of
th«> house was somewhat of a bait to
boom the "Swiftwater" stock on the
market, and that William had not put up
his $25,000. Developments to-day prove
this to have been true. Although he
contracted to pay $25,000, Gates only put
'. up $10,000 in cash and gave a deed of trust
I as security for the balance of the money.
In this deed it was agreed that the inter
est should be paid regularly and that In
case of his default the property should
be placed on the market for sale. His
phantom fortune quickly left him and
Mr. Gates has not been able to attend to
the payment of interest. He is now in
Seattle and has been served with notice
of his delinquency, but he has paid no
attention to it. and unless he sends some
of his "dust" to Oakland very quickly he
will lose the $10,000 he paid on deposit.
Proceedings have been leeun to sell the
property.
COMPANY B WINS.
Closing Exercises of the Military De-
partment of the State University.
BERKELEY, 7.— The final exer
cises of the present term for the military
department of the University of Califor
nia were held upon the campus this morn
ing. The two recitation periods, from
10:20 to 12:15, were devoted to a competi
tive drill of the companies In the two
battalions. The. work covered chiefly the
school of the company and the manual of
arms. Each company was marched out
from Its place upon the parade grounds
and was examined by Professor Frank
Soule. commandant of the corps, and
Colonel Melville S. Dozier. At the con
clusion of the drill the Judges decided in
favor of Company B, which was ac
cordingly awarded "the honor of carrying
the university colors for the coming
term.
The officers of the winning company
are: Captain, William H. Houston; first
lieutenant. Ralph C. Daniels; second lieu
tenant. Edward G. Kuster.
As soon as the competition was de
clared over, the two battalions were
formed in close order by the flagstaff to
listen to an address by President Martin
J. Kellogg. As the bugle sounded for dis
missal the colors on the flagstaff were
dipped, while the band played a patriotic
air, and the entire corps saluted. This
ceremony finished the work of the term,
nil further drill being susDended until
next January.
DEATH PREFERRED TO
PERSISTENT DUNNING
ARTIST SHRADER* SLASHES HIS
THROAT WITH A RAZOR.
After Going Through Insolvency He
Tries to Pay His Debts and,
Failing, Tries to Die.
AL.AMEDA, Dec. 7.— Weary of an un
equal struggle against multiplying finan
cial misfortunes and inability to endure
the persistent howling of unreasonable
creditors, Frederick Charles Shrader, a
lithographic artist of considerable repu
tation and a prominent citizen of this
city, attempted at an early hour this
morning to end his earthly troubles by
drawing the keen edge of a razor across
his throat. Fortunately his hand was not
steady and the steel did not cut deep.
Two superficial wounds are the only re
sult of the man's rashness.
Shrader reached his home, 339 Central
avenue, about midnight. He made prepa
rations to retire, but instead of going to
bed locked himself in the bath room and
made the attempt at decapitation. Mrs.
Rhrader thought her husband wa.« acting
strangely and made an investigation.
When she found the bath room door
locked and got no response from within
she called the neighbors to her assist
ance and sent for Officer Lawrenoe. The
policeman broke in the door and found
Shrader covered with blood, standing in
the middle of the room, brandishing the
razor and threatening to carve the first
man who approached him.
Lawrence succeeded in overpowering
him. although he fought like a demon.
It was found necessary to handcuff him
before be would allow a physician to
dress his wounds.
ShracW was taken to the Receiving
Hospital in Oakland this forenoon. To
morrow he will be examined by the Lu
nacy Commissioners. Shrader lost a com
fortable little fortune in a Kern County
land transaction. With the financial crash
went his homestead in Alameda. Being
forced to the wall he filed a petition in
insolvency and was granted his final dis
charge about a year ago. Later his cred
itors prevailed upon him to give notes for
the amounts the court had relieved him
from paying. The notes are now falling
due and the holders have been press
ing him for payment.
"I was driven to this by being hounded
by my creditors," said the injured man
at .the Receiving Hospital this afternoon,
"but 1 am sorry now for what 1 did and
realize that my death would not have
helped matters. 1 was doing my best to
pay these men and 1 hope they will appre
ciate it some day."'
Shrader refused to give the names of his
creditors. He has a wife and four little
children.
Nearly Crushed in an Elevator.
ALAMEDA, Dec. ".— Otto Morgan, who
resides on Buena Vista avenue. Alameda,
had a miraculous escape Tuesday from
being crushed to death in an Oakland
freight elevator. Morgan was going up in
the rlevator of the establishment where
he is employed and was between the sec
ond and third story, when he leaned
against the guard rail. It gave way un
der his weight and he fell between the
elevator and the wall. Fortunately, there
was a window at the point and the eleva
tor squeeed him through the panes. As
soon as the elevator passed him he threw
himself across the elevator shaft and fell
on the second floor of the building. Mr.
Morgan was severely bruised, besides be
ing cut with glass on the head and arms.
Alameda Njws Notes.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 7.— Halcyon Parlor No.
14G, N. S. G. V\\, entertained its Un
friends last evening at Foresters' Hall.
The programme rendered was as follows:
Mandolin and guitar duet. Misses Alice
Agar and Florence Boyle: vocal selection.
Miss Atkins; violin solo, Julius A. Haug;
reading. F. Cook Caldwell; selection, H.
S. Duncan.
Pacific Hose Company No. 4, of the Ala
meda Volunteer Fire Department has
elected the following officers: A. V Fish
er, foreman; F. E. Fort, llrst assistant
foreman; E. A. Messner; second assistant
foreman; J. H. Whittich, secretary A
Stranz, treasurer.
The Red Cross Society of Aiameda has
made arrangements to s"hip free of charge
Christmas packages to the members of
Company G of this city, now stationed at
\ ancouver Barracks. Packages will be
received at Red Cross headquarters In the
Postofflce block, the afternoons of Decem
ber 14 and 15.
UPPER STORY BURNED.
A Midnight Blaze in the McDonald
Block, South Berkeley.
BERKELEY. Dec. 7.— The story
of the McDonald block, corner of Ashby
and Shnttuok avenues. South Berkeley,
was completely destroyed by fire at 1 |
o'clock last night. The blaze broke out i
owing to a defect in the grate of a room
occupied by A. JI. McDonald. The fire
spread to the celling and to the roof giv
ing little chance for the occupants of the !
story to escape. The Peralta Fire Com- I
puny was first on the seen«\ and. with the i
assistance of the Berkeley companies had I
the blaze under control within an hour
While fighting the fire on the roof
Frank Tape of the Peralta company fell \
through into the rooms below, and was i
rescued with difficulty. He sustained se
rious injuries in the left leg and left hand. I
The extent of the damage amounts to I
about $3000. Both the building and the
furniture were fully insured.
Unitarian Church Bazaar.
BERKELEY. Dec. 7.— Next Friday
evening. December 9. a bazaar will be
opened in the Unltarfcin Church, corner
or Bancroft way and Dana street, for tne
sale of Christmas articles. The sale is to
last two days. Programmes have been
arranged for both evenings. On Friday
a series of living pictures will be pre,
sented by prominent society people under
the direction of Mrs. 'William Carey Jones.
The night following a dramatic entertain
ment under the direction of Miss Irish i
the daughter of Colonel John P. Irish'
will be given. It Is to consist of two parts' I
a curtain raiser entitled "Wall Papers "'
and a short play, "The Fatal Message."'
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, Dee. 7.— The North Berke
ley Fire Company has elected officers for
the coming year as follows: President, A
L. Ott: vice-president. F. W. Richards;
financial secretary, \Y. K. Weir; recording
secretary, J. M. Lloyd; treasurer, U. j.
Squires; foreman. Edward Florence; ser
geant-at-arms. George Creed.
The Women's Glee Club of the Universi
ty of California, assisted by Herr Anton
Schot, is to slve an entertainment in
Stiles Hall on next Friday evening at 8
o'clock.
The I'niversity of California i-.etch
Club has elected the following officers for
the ensuing term: President, Harold
Symmes; vice-president, Kaymond Car
ter; secretary. Stuart Masters; treasurer,
R. P. Tolman; manager, Harold Bradlej.
A meeting of the stockholders ot tne
Daily Calif ornian, the daily paPf>" P"""
llshed at the University of California,
will be held to-morrow for the purpose oi
electing a new editor-in-chief.
Oncnintr of Oakland's Boer Show.
The specialty show of collies and cocker
spaniels held* by the California Cocker
Club, under the rules of the Pacific Ken
nel League, will open at Oakland this
morning at 11 o'clock. The entry com
prises some of the best dogs of the breeds
extant on this coast. Foremost among
the cockers is 11. H. Carlton's bitch lrli
by, who distinguished herself at the last
San Francisco show. Norman J. btew
art, secretary of the club, is, we under
stand, unfortunately suffering fr° m , a "
attack of illness, but Percy Ward or
Fruitvale is acting as superintendent.
S. J. Tyler of Pasadena will judge both
breeds, using the score card for the col
lies for the first time on this roast. The
entries number between 90 and 100.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
F A Thorne, Seattle L G Bassett. Marysvl
II Brent, Sacto F Thompson. Fresno
J Migiiavacca, Napa Misbs A Gilmore, Neb
W T George, Sacto M H Becker, Oakdale
J Quinn, Denver L Hart, Pan Jose
L Goodwin, Sacto J A Miller. Seattle
M R Munroe, Chicago A C Faw. Salinas
C Read & w. Oakland A L Henry. Sacto
« Randsberg, Pa \V Stemleck. Holllster
J Mathews, Sacto L G Starr, Stockton
F A Lafferty & w. Sac J D Bradley, Merced
J M Haraman, Boston F L Curtis. Chicago
S S Pr«i|ißs. Cal E J Scammell. St John
W F Wight & w, Cal H A Barrow. Vacavllle
J H Lanian * w. Cal 1 O Jillson & w. Cal
J E O'Brien, Ind Mrs L Caider, Willows
H Field, Cal Miss H Calder, Willws
C M Blair. Chicago Mrs M Smith. Vacavil
E F Wilbert & f. CaJiH Bell. Hornbrook
R H Cowles. Nevada iG Peterson. S L Oblsp
A Ekman. Oroville IF A Grimes. Cal
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
E V Abell &W, NY P F Mathews, Truckee
C B AVisner. Detroit J C Burke, Sacto
W Pierce, Salt I^ake C Marks. Riverside
J Murphy, Chicago J C Morton, Courtland
C Flnberg. Los Ang W J Elmer, San Jose
P C Mayford, X V F Ryan & w. Chicago
J D Ritchie, Pasa.lcna D L. Hamilton. Chlcr.g
H H Barnes & *\llonl D A Fraser. Fresno
J M Root. Tacoma 'J Mooney. Sta Rosa
E M Newman. Ls AngjV B Roes. Vallejo
A J Kempf, Grass Vail
PALACE HOTEL.
L Kahn. Oakdale C M Seeley, Tacoma
Mrs J N Thorne. Vt R F Fletcher, Cal
E R GlfTord. Auburn Miss A Gilmore, Neb
li H Burlingame, N V A C Bingham, Cal
E Campbell & w. Mass E C Lengford. N H
M F Tarpey. Alameda W M Sims, Sacto
A W Crookßton, Scotld F Cowan. New York
R M Pogpon. Cal S Hargasher, Mexico
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
LONDON— Sailed 7>ec 7— Stmr Minnesota, for
Philadelphia.
Arrived Dec 7-Stmr Maine, from Phila
delphia.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived ' Dec 7— Stmr St
Paul, from New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Dec 7— Stmr Teutonic,
from New York.
BALTIMORE— SaiIed Dec 7— Stmr Dresden,
for Bremen.
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec 7— Stmr La Cham
pagne, from Antwerp; stmr Majestic, from
Liverpool.
Sailed Dec 7— Stmr Ems, from Naples; stmr
St Louis, for Southampton; stmr Nordland, for
Antwerp; atmr Britannic, for Liverpool.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner o/ Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— O27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
287 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
. €21 McAllister street; *>pen until 9:80 o'clock.
Gls Larkln street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market Etreet, corner Sixteenth: op«n
until '.< o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, F. and A. m
M., will meet THIS (THURSDAY) _JV_
EVENING, December 8, at 7:30 o'clock. YY
Second degree. By order of the Mas- (V >
ter. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 216, F. and A. ' M., ■ m -'..
Masonic Temple— Called meeting THIS _J\
(THURSDAY) EVENING, at "-Wlffjf
o'clock. Second degree. Sojourning /^r>
brethren are invited. By order of the W. M.
. J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No ■
212. F. and A. M., meets THIS EVEN- A
ING at 7::t" o'clock for Hrst degree jK If
- By order of the Master. /Vi
E. C. HARE, Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 155. I. O. O. ".^'■■^T.~~
F. -There will be a double inlt!a-:£>s?§fcs«b
tlon on THURSDAY EVENING =¥?<&Ss=
December 1. It is necessary that < "S/i*<^~-
all members attend. Visiting brothers are
cordially invited.
JOHN STEVENSON, N. G. ~
\VM. H. CLAUSEN, Recording Secretary. .V
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 179, I. O. ~-~.~.
O. I", initiates THIS KVKX-4JMSW£-
ING .it their hull. 32 OFarrell st W^S?? 5
JAMES McKINLAY, N. G. -^//'K^"
THE S. F. Scottish Thistle Club «-FTT
meets THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN- CkiM
. INC. Fraternity Hall, 32 O'FarreU tVxffi?
Bt., at s o'clock. • Election of ..ffl-
cers to serve for the ensuing year.
W. A. DAWSON. Royal Ohlef
GEORGE W. PATERSON. Recorder
~ SPECIAL NOTICES. ~~
NOTlCE— Abandoned children In the Roman
Catholic .Orphan Asylum' since July "1597-
Margaret Sullivan, age 7 years; Delia' Lang'
8 years; Maud Lovett, 7 years; Maclovia Pa-
dilla, 6 years; Lillian Doherty, 9 years- Anna
Hayden, 11 years. Respectfully
SISTERS OF CHARITY.
BAD tenants ejected for M; TOllectiens made-
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 418 Montgomery st., rooms 5-10; tel. 5580.
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co.. 341 3d st.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
WOMAN with a child desires situation
housework; good cook; $10; references. MTS6
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT German girl wishes situation at house-
work or as nurse, $10 to $15. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st. . ■■ ■ . ■
SUPERIOR cook desires situation 'ln hotel or
institution; understands all branches of cook-
ing; best .of references. MISS ' CULLEN
325 Sutter st. /
FIRST-CLASS English cook desires situation:
country; 3 years last place. MISS CULLEN
325 Sutter st. 'if _ .;
GERMAN cook and houseglrl, also Swedish
second girl, best ' of references, desire situa-
tions. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter St.
BWBDISS girl wishes position In a good pri-
vate family for general housework and cook-
ins; wages $25; can cook Jewish style and
American. KiOS'-i Franklin st. ; no postals.
FIRST-CLASS seamstress (Danish) wishes
sewing and chamberwork; speaks English
and German; best references. Apply I. T,
1259 O'Farrell St., Y. W. C. A.
YOUNG woman, good worker, wants plain
washing; windows, sweeping, scrubbing; as-
sist generally: $1 a day and carfare. Address
10C1 Howard st.
SITI'ATION wanted by experienced Swedish
•rtrl, cooking or general housework. In city
BOS 365, Call.
DRESSMAKER wishes engagements by the
day; terms reasonable. Address Dressmaker,
117 Jones Bt.
WOMAN wishes to do housework: city or
country; is a good cook. 50S Shotwell st.
GERMAN girl wishes situation to do cooking
and housework. Box 370. Call.
IOOKKEEPER or cashier— Young lady desires
situation; has 2 years' experience; salary $25
per month; references. Box 3Ci, Call office.
GERMAN cook wishes position In hotel, board-
ing house or ranch. 24 Fifth st.
YOUNG German woman wishes to do house-
< leaning Friday or Saturday. Inquire 1133
Folsom st.
WOMAN wishes a place to go out by day house
cleanlr.K or washing. Please call at IUIVs Mc-
Allister st., in rear.
COMPETENT rook wishes situation tn private
family; would do general housework in small
family, call, at 227 Hayes st.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes situation to do
general housework: with many years' refer-
ences. Call 26W Mission £t.. near 23d.
: FIRST-CLASS French and Cerman cook de-
sires position in private family or general
I work in small family. Box 362, Call.
LADY wishes place as house cleaner or wash-
Ing by the day. 1113 V. Howard, room 21.
YOUNG lady wishes position In small store;
speaks French, German and English. Ad-
dress T. M.. 524 Folsom st.
COLORED woman vould like position to do
cooking, housework or nursing. Address E
B. It., 1103 Montgomery st.
SITUATION wanted by respectable woman as
nurse; would assist with sewing nr upstairs
work; good reference. 445 O'Farrell st
GOOD seamstress, plain dressmaking, wishes
a few more engagements; 75c a day Ad-
dress box 497, Call office.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
SITUATION as working housekeeper wanted
by a middle-aged American woman; city ref-
erences; good wages. Box 273. Call.
COMPETENT waitress wishes a situation in a
private family. Address 2747 Lombard st.
SITUATIONS WANTED- MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary; tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 426.
PLUMBER, flrst-class, will work by the day
or month for property owner or estate; has
all necessary shop tools. Box 364, (Tall.
YOUNG man desires position as driver for de-
livery wagon: best of references. Call or ad-
dress E. G., 802 Larkln st. j
YOUNG man. 21, requires situation in city: any
capacity. Apply E. J. HOOKER. 1057 Golden
Gate aye.
YOUNG man would like to get employment in
a shop or factory. Address O. S., 002 Howard.
MIDDLE-AGED man with best of reference,
handy with tools, wants light work; gcod
home more of an object than wages. Ad-
dress H. WARREN, 10 Anthony st.
STABLEMAN and driver. 20 years' experi-
ence in private and livery Ftables. first-class
vegetable gardener and florist, wishes work
of any kind. Address box 382. Call.^
CARPENTER and cabinetmaker, first-class
mechanic, wants a situation. Call or ad-
dress 120 Valley st.
ALL-ROUND butcher would like situation in
city or country; good references. Call or ad-
dress M. W., 1063 Mission st.
YOUNG man, speaking English and Spanish,
wishes position in office or commission
house; goo<l penman; good references. Ad-
dress box 431, Call.
CAPABLE, Industrious man wishes position
as superintendent of ranch; highest refer-
ences; large experience. Box 491, Call.
FIRPT-CUSS grocery clerk and bookkeeper;
speaks German; 8 years' experience; best of
references- no objection to country; 33 years
of age Address box 428. Call office.
TOTING" Swede wishes situation as porter
janitor or watchman. Address F. rii., MM
Montgomery aye. p
A PLACE as assistant bartender, porter or be-
hind lunch counter; steady, sober and rel -
able man; saloon references. Box ilo. can.
PRIVATE secretary desires position with capi-
talist or attorney; 14 years' legal experience;
stenographer; exceptional references. Ad-
dress box 422. Call office. _
SITUATION wanted by a first-class German
gardener; a good pruner; take care of horses
and can milk. Add. Gardener, box 1819, Call.
BUTCHER: first-class cutter. Call or address
J. H . 2BH Sixteenth st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms: 25c to $150 night; $150 to $6
week; convpni°nt nnd respectable; free "bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP UAJfTED-FEMALE,
WOMAN" with a child; $15. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
SECOND girl; $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 .Sut-
ter st.
CHAMBERMAID; hotel; country; $20; fare
paid. MISS CULLEN, 325 Butter st.
MRS. NUTTER, please call at MISS CUL-
LEN' H. 325 Sutter st. '
COOK: boarding-house; $30 per month. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
COLORED second girl; $20 per month. MISS
CULLEX, 325 Sutter St.
TWO waitresses; $20 and $15 per month. MISS
CULLEN. 825 Sutter »t.
GERMAN gir!, chamber work, private family.
$20; German governess, $25. MISS CULLEN,
X? 5 Sutter St.
NEAT girl: light work; $15. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter St.
TWO second girls, $20 and $25; nurse, $25, one
child. MISS CULLEN. .12.0 Putter st.
RESTAURANT waitress: $C per week. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
HOfSEWoIIK woman. Bentcia. *-'". fare paid;
Oakdale, $2T>: Santa Barbara. $20: Fresno, $20.
no wash. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
6 WAITRESSES for first-class country hotel
for January 1, $20: 4 waitresses, city and
country, $20; woman cook for small boarding
house. $25; 2 restaurant waitresses, $6; 4 res-
taurant waitresses, $5. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
3 SCANDINAVIAN cooks. $25; 6 housegirls, $25;
liousegirls. $20, and many young girls to as-
sist, $12 to $15. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
NURSE, infant, $25; 2 second girls and sewing.
$20 and $25; colored second girl. $20; 6 cooks
in American and German families. $25. and a
great many girls to fill our numerous situa-
tions In city and country. J- F. CROSETT
& CO.. 31« Sutter st.
2 HOTEL waitresses, $20; 2 restaurant wait-
resses, $6 week; girl for general work in small
boarding house. $20, and others. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— Two sewers and folders at the
bindery of the Oakland Trihune; experienced
help only need apply. Oakland Tribune, j
Eighth St.. between Broadway and Franklin. •■
YnIN'C. Kirl to do light housework and assist |
with two children; sleep home; call after 2
p. m. 1599 Market st. j
YOUNG lady, bookkeeper and stenographer,
must work evenings; salary. $25 per month.
Pall at 408 Parrott building at 9 a. m.
WANTED Ballet Girls— Twenty-five girls for
the Christmas ballet. Apply at Tlvoll Opera
House this morning, from !j to 10.
GERMAN or Swedish girl, Protestant, for gen-
eral housework and cooking. Call bet. 9 and
j.j a. m., 841 Mission.
SKIRTMAKERS. Apply to C. GREEN BERG
& CO., 523 Market st.. room 8.
YOUNG Kirl to iissist in light housework. 1722
Sutter st.
GIRL for general housework In small family.
2115 Broderick St.
YOUNG girl for light housework; small fam-
ily; bring ref.; Address 716 Franklin st.
STRONG woman to take family washing home;
$1 per week. 118 Eddy st.
GIRL wanted for general housework; must be
a good plain cook: wages $20. 1227 Geary et.
FIRST-CLASS pants finisher. 7'i Dtkeman
place, off Mason, between Ellis and O'Farrell.
VEST finishers and buttonhole-maker: 2 ap- i
S prentices to learn. R. THOMAS, 718 Market.
PRINTING and advertising solicitor. R. R.
PATTERSON, 429 Montgomery st.
GIRL for general housework. 1530 O'Farrell st.
GIRL to do light housework ;' good home; $6.
776 Fulton st.
AMERICAN girl to assist with children; $10
per month. F. G., box 363, Call nee.
YOUNG girl, about 14 years, to assist with
housework; sleep home. 414 Jones st.
WANTED— Neat young girl in a small . bak-
ery. . 3856 Seventeenth st.
GIRL wanted for housework; orphan preferred
410 Third st.
WANTED— Finishers on custom coats. 927
Market st., room 623.
WANTED— Young girl; call early. Apply 728*4
I Green st. ..•■•'•' -*
YOUNG German girl for general housework;
$15 836% Harrison Bt.
APPRENTICE to learn halrdressing. sham - i
pooing and hair work. MME. DELLA I
FAUST, 240 Stockton st., near Post.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free: patterns. 2So up. ■ McDowell's. 103 Post.
L.EARN sewing at KEISTER'B: good positions'
patterns. 10c up. 118 McAllister st.
HELP WANTED— MALE. 7 "
M^mTTY~^RirADY;7?^?7^
Leading/ Employment ■ and ' Labor Agents.
• .................. want to-day .............. .. i
6 cooks $55, $40, $30 and found 1
4 waiter 5... ........ .....$3O. $2:.. $20 and found
3 dishwashers '..........$l5, $20 and found
baker, $50; baker, small. place, $25 and found;
harnessmaker, railroad camp. $35 and found: j
26 woodchoppers, ■ tools furnished. Isl 50 and $1
cord .......... .„. I
25 tlemakers ... .'. . : ." .... v. .;..:;.. .0c' t0" 12c each
3 boys to learn trades, $3 week.....:............ !
farmer and wife, 0rchard.. ....540 and found
. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
IRONER, country" laundry, Santa Clara
County, $1 50 day., MURRAY & READY,
654 and 636 Clay St. - '9 v. : • ':
CANDYMAKER. country : shop, near city. !
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
AT^C.R. HANSEN & (VS.. . .Tel. Grant !
■ liiCO railroad! laborers f0r.................;.......
Skaguay, fare reduced t0."..'...... '"" ■-"•""•"*."
$12 50 ..... .v........ Skaguay ......... .... : $12 io
bub-contracts ; and station . work, both ■ rock
. and earth : $1 to $1 50 a. yard for rock, 25c to
3.V- a yard for, earth; day laborers average 8
hours at 30c and 35c. Further particulars
; and ; tickets at C. R. HANSEN & CO.* 104
Geary st.; ship this morning at« 10 o'clock.
LABORERS.' mountain road, ship to-nicht C
: ; R. ■; HANSEN . & CO.. 104 Geary atA '
A— COAL miners,;' north, see boss here C R~
HANBEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. .-
VEGETABLE gardener : for a large ranch; $20
c. R. HANSEN. & CO., 104 Geary st.
ERRAND boy who knows the city and lives '
with his parents. C. R. HANSEN &■ CO
104 Geary St. !-. : -■ : .. : :.'•. . ■ .''
SALESMAN . staple ; goods; factory to " con-
Burner: permanent.; and >' profitable. ELLEN-
;>WOOD,' 118 Eddy st. " v. •■-■; ,. >--, m : .-:; <-  - T?
•i ■-■-.- ."■■■'.*■
HELP WAXI'ED— Continued.
WANTED— Man and wife for private family
in country, man do chores, wife dook, etr
$30 per month and found; middle-aged man
for housework, private family. $10 per month
nnd good home; farmers: milkers; cooks 1
waiters, etc. W. D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay!
WANTED— Attendant for an institution fur
bojra, short distance in country; must be
American; salary, $25 per month, with board
lodging and washing. W. D. EWER <o '
f>2t> Clay st.
WANTED— Carriage maker, $2 50 to $3 50 a day:
mining foreman who speaks Spanish. '$100 and
board; machinist for country, $2 day and in-
crease: boy for this office; coal miners, $1
ton: steward for country, $.V); restaurant
cook, $10 week: and others. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— Cook, hotel, $80; boy to learn
plumber's trade, %'■' a week; boy to run
errands, etc., $10 and found; waite/. country.
$30; cigarette maker, etc. ANDRE'S, 316
Stockton st.
LAUNDRY man: $40 per month. MISS CUL-
LEN. 32."> Sutter st.
WANTED— Advertising man who has had ex-
perience in trade journalism and can furnish
satisfactory references and bond if required,
to take charge of Pacific Slope business for
the American Fruit Growers' Journal uni
look alter mail for local office; only small
part of time required. Address American
Fruit Growers' Journal, Chicago, 111.
MAN and wife, both cooks, want work in
boarding house or mine or camp; can taks
charge of kitchen; can give reference n,,x
S6S. Call.
MAN for light work in lodging-house; room
board and laundry; no wages. Alpha House
5 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS and experienced bookkeeper-
permanent position; good salary: must have
flrst-class credentials. Box 367, Call.
YOUNG man wanted who understands the re-
tall hardware business; wages $9 per week
Addrers, witty reference, box 361, Call office. '
I BA V RBER to take charge of 4-chair shop across
the bay. Call immediately, STOLTZ 630
Market st.
EIGHT green hands for the south seas a*
HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
PRESSMAN wanted^ PATTERSON. 429 Mont-
gomery st. ™»v*
MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms. IB4J
Alarket st.
BRIGHT young man or lady to solicit ads for
magazine. 100S Mission st.
BOY ln 6 P 23T)a l"fs hOP Call bet. 7 and 7:30
a. m., 623 Davis st.
ERRAND hoy wanted. 641V4 Stevenson st.
WANTED— Porter for barber shop. Inquire 115
i.!i rKin st.
B Bt?Je BLACK want "**- ** 233 Bush
PR^ E - RS ,« ant , ed - *"• & G. THOMAS DTB
WORKS. 318 Eleventh st. .
WANTED— Strong boy with experience In car-
riage blacksmlthtng; references. 828 Harrison.
WANTED for the U. S. Army— Able-bodied
unmarried men between ages of 21 and S3.
citizens of the United States, of good char-
acter and temperate habits, who car. speak,
read and write English. For information ap-
ply to recruiting officer. 425 Montgomery «t.,
San Francisco. Cal.
RECRUITS -wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and SO
years, who are citizens of the United State*,
or those who have legally declared their in-
tention to become such; must be of good char-
acter and habits and able to speak, rea/1 and
write English, and be between 5 feet 5 !nche»
and 6 feet in height. For further information
apply at the Recruiting Office. 40 Ellis st.
San Francisco. Cal.
GOOD competent barber wanted for country
place. $S per week and found; single, sober
\ and steady man. Address box 381, ("all office.
TO go to-day— 3oo pairs men's second-hand
shoes, some nearly new. from 25c to SI: new
shoes, slightly damaged, Vj price. r,R2 Mission
st., bet. First and Second sts. Open Sundays.
"WANTED— A German mate with German
papers. Inquire 218 East st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
♦hat Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms, 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
WANTED— At Montana House, 7C44 Mission
Bt.. men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
night: 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
ME.N' and women to learn barber trade at San
Francisco P-rber College, 1384 Eighth st.
BARBERS' Association Free Employment
Office. S. FUCHS. Sec. 325 Grant aye.
TRY Llndell House, Sixth and Howard sts. :
thoroughly renovated; 200 rms; 15c. 25c night.
SINGLE rooms, 15c, 20c, 25c per nig-J.t: 75.-, .'I
to $2 50 per wk. Elcho House, 8634 Market at.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1184.
WANTED — To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 504 Davis St.. near Jackson.
SINGLE, furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room, 25c night. Rosedale House, 321 EUI9 st.
TRY Acmo House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth.
for a room; 25c a night; $l/a week.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms, 25c night: reading-room: frea
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENT wanted. 434 Jessie St., after 9.
LIVE agents to handle Braham's Pat. Reservoir
Pen: liberal terms. P. O. box 146, Oakland.
FORTY per cent for first-class solicitors: ladies
and gentlemen; German art. Apply 305 Eddy
St., morning.
— ROOMS WANTED.
STEADY single gentleman (best of reference?)
wishes a large well-furnished sunny room,
with plain breakfast and supper, with a good
private Protestant family, viz., English.
Irish, American or Scotch; no young children
or. other roomers: house standing alone pre-
ferred, with garden, stable or barn if possi-
ble; convenient to Valencia-st. cars preferred;
address with particulars or no notice taken.
Address box 384. Call Office.
2 SUNNY unfurnished rooms vicinity of Church
of Advent: rent not exceed $8. Box 374. Call.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for cash.
GARDNER & OASSELL. 216 Post Bt
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern appa-
_ratUß: second-hand. 109 Montgomery st.
% LOST.
$10 REWARD for the return of ladies' gold
hunting case ■ watch, three initials engraved
on case, which was taken from 226 Ellis st.;
no questions asked. f ■
DIAMOND earring on the way to or in the Pre-
sidio. Suitable reward If returned to 2628
_ California st. ; no questions.
GOLD ball earring. Suitable reward If re-
t turned to GEO. J. HENRY. 121 Main St.
PENSION check for $30 payable to R. W. PAT-
TON. Return to Windsor Hotel.
RED cocker spaniel dog in Western Addition:
liberal reward. SCHMIEDELL. 307 San-
some st. . ■
$25 REWARD— Strayed from ray home at Fair
Oaks Sunday night one Great Dane dog; 114,
years old; tiger marked. A. ROY IIARRI-
SON.
- FOUND. ~~ ~
FOUND— Lady's gold watch. Inquire 511 Capp
street. '
_________ „
HORSEI
60 HORSES of every description at Emporium
Salesyards, 220 Valencia St., bet. Thirteenth
and Fourteenth: also buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc., at your own price.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 827 Sixth: auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WANTED— Good 'gentle bugtfy horse; about
1000 pounds: sound. Box 369. Call.
— WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
TO . make room for new styles top and open
buggies, canopy surrey, panel top wagon. 1
pass., brake: physician's coupe," almost new;
greatly reduced prices. 500 Golden Gate aye.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free— W. P. ADAMs! 607 Emma
Spreckels bldg., 927 Market: charges moderate.
ADVICE free: divorce laws; private J. B.
EVANS. 14 McAllister, next Hlbernla Bank.
L. 8. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
' ket; consultation free ; : no fees In advance.
ADVICE free; no charge onless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 917 Market st.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office ,of Th» Call.
. Subscriptions and ads taken.
SEWING MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic. ', Singer and Whits
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
$2■2 ■ MONTHLY, ' rented; repaired, bought, sold;
— machine supplies. 145 Sixth: 'phone Mint 45.
ALL' kinds : bought, sold, exchanged.' rented;
,'■■: repairing at lowest rates. ■*■ 203 Fourth st.
' . ■ ■ . . • . ■ ■-....- ■ . •■:.■* ■■■ 'business"" chances.
.A WE have buyers to Invest in any legitimate
; litfsiness: parties willing to Bell give us a
. . rar... National Business Agency. 7 Grant aye.
■I'FOUR partners wanted with $500 each in a big
. amusement proposition; cleared $16,000 In 2
v. ;n:r>nihs i years ago; plant ready to put
'.:.. m Deration; a straight business proposition;
;• lull Investigation invited. National Agency,
;• i. -Grant aye.
' -A-JKer-POSITIOX at $60 per month; light
:; work; connected with established business;
feocvd security; full Investigation. National
■_Acenc>\ 7 Grant aye.
O'RNER saloon; clears $75 month; asnap.
'i;rrt^ or ' grocery and bar; clears $;:> month.
: {..jo— Restaurant; No. 1 location; clears $60 mo
•' f;'o:" B .. ran eh bakery; Market St.: rent $16.
•' «.}- o^Mßar. store; receipts $150 per month.
','. i .iiy;, hi at National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
A-Jsr-O; SALOON on water front: 10 furnished
-.-. roqjns, .piano, etc.; rent $20; a good paying I
■•.plkccs sickness in family cause of a great
■_ . sain, WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market st.
ApsSs.O; "CORNER drug "tor . established years; '
 iCirge prescription and store trade; rent i 27 50;
no opposition in 4 blocks , are . WILKE &
_ ' NFUGs-SQC Market st.
A-~s2Wr-DKLICACY and grocery store on El-
li* rt. ; 5 living room.--; rent |25; doing a good
■ paying business; owner to leave for New
& UNFUG, 906 Market s.t.
A- $650— COFFEE saloon close to Alcazar The-
'jitvr: first-class paying; rent $65; partners
_ cant agree. ILK!-: & UNFUG. 906 Market.
A— $1200; DELICACY and lunch; posit i best
In city; receipts average $45 daily. KREDO
& CO., 224 Geary st.
CORNER grocery and bar: clears $100;
fine living rooms. KREDO &CO 22H Geary.
$17.-— COFFEE and lunch; est. 20 years; $15 to
$20 dally. krei A CO., 22 M> Geary st.
CIGAR stand: business corner; must be
sold; a snap. KREDO & CO., 22 : 2 Geary Ft.
A— sl7s; SALOON; daily receipts $7 to $10; a
snap; call at once. X RLE! " I & CO., —'s Geary.
DAIRY and milk route; 4 horses: 2 wag-
ons; 4 set harness; 200 cans and all necessary
things for first-class business. JONES, 565
Market st.
SALOON; 15 furnished rooms; 20 regular
roomers: $200 worth stock; sell barrel whisky
a month: beer trade very large; any one look-
ing for genuine bargain should see this with-
out fall. JONES. 865 Market st.
! 'ARTNER in first-class meat market:
old established business; In Western Addi-
tion; best class customers; line man. JONES.
__*•« Market st.
$15"— PARTNER wanted; light business; $15 to
$20 a week each.
$300— Coal, wood and feed business; widow
wishes to sell business; worth twice as much;
tv i° horses, wagon, stock, fine trade.
Partner wanted light business: estab-
lished eight years; large stock; $13 to $30 a
week each; trial given:
Full information free at WESTERN IN-
VESTMENT CO.. 9 Geary st.
IF you have a business for sale call on us; no
charge for booking; Information free. West-
ern Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
$600-RESTA URANT north of Market; bar-
gain if Bold Immediately; compelled to go
East. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market st.
$'"— COAL oil route; horse and wagon; clears
$5 day. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market.
$2f.0 PARTNER wanted; light Indoor business.
Mclaughlin & co., 777 Market st. -
$40>-RESTAURANT north of Market street,
near large carhouse; well paying;' good
steady trade year round; worth looking into.
M. LESS. 76G Market Ft.
PAYING cigar store; principal street:
value in sight; 3 living rooms and bath; rent
$13: no opposition; genuine bargain. M.
L'KSS. 765 Market st. .
•sioCo— Milk dairy depot; paying " business;
lease 5 years; bargain account of going
East. VS. LOWENSTEIN, 34 Kearny St.,
rooms 10 and 11.
$500— BARGAIN; grocery and bar; 3 living
rooms; old-established place. See N. LOW-
KNSTEIN. 34 Kearny st., rooms 10 and 11.
WELL-STOCKED, old-established grocery,
liquor store; 5 living rooms; cheap rent; two
Hats rented helping to pay rent; cause sick-
ness. Inquire Call office.
$900. MORE or less, grocery stock at invoice:
pood locality: cheap rent; good reason for
Felling: D. W. CORBIN, El Vlrano, Cal.
AURANT for sale: will take a partner. \
_ Inquire at once, box 427, '"all office. !
FOR SALE— French restaurant, on ac- i
count of sickness. $12 Lar! in st.
SILVER DOLLAR saloon, 312 Sansome st.
.■with lease), $1600; make offer.
%VEL£,-EQUIPPED boarding and livery stable;
barn full: reason for selling sickness; must
I sell before winter; 3S boarders: 20 livery and
work horses; buggies; surries; carriage:
dQubla and single harness: all that a good
stable requires. Address box 377, Call Office.
OR sale — Bakery: one of the best offers ever
mafic; all store trade, no wagon; 1H barrels
daily; good location: will stand investiga-
tion: other business: $S5O. Box 4*l. Call.
'•f>— PARTNER; good-paying corner saloon;
\vel! stocked: business too much for one; pre-
[•■:• partner to help; Investigate. Call office.
ARGAIN — Good-paying corner saloon, bil-
liards and pool, to trade for couple lots or
rmall ranch: Investigate. Box 1362, Call.
BHOE shop; doing fine business: good loca-
tion; cheap rent; reasonable. 332 Bush st.
TWO-CHAIR barber shop; cheap; good chance
for tingle man. Inquire 1119 A Folsom st..
DRUG store, clean and complete stock and fix-
tures; In good location; investigate at once;
chance for good physician. Box 1518, Call.
COUNTY rights for sale; good paying busi-
ness; quick returns; secure your county at
once. M. H. Cartwright, rm. 709, 927 Market.
COFFEE, tea and spice solicitors headquarters;
supplied as wanted at lowest prices. 107-liM ,
Beale st.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
H? '. Varket'st.r'opp." Fifth.
60-rocm hotel and bar $7000
82 rooms; reduced from $5000 to 2500
10 rooms; on Sutter st 250
£2 rooms; exchange for house and lot 2200
45-Rr '21 CORNER HOUSE
JUST FURNISHED WITH NEW FURNI-
..TURE. ONLY $1500; EASY PAYMENTS..
24-room house; new house and ■<irntture,.s 850
8 rooms: new furniture: cost $550... . 200
12 rooms on Market; rent $40 450
10-room house: only 150
21 rooms: corner: clears $150 550
46-room house; corner 1200
I HAVE HOUSES ALL SIZES AND PRICES.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St. I
A— KREDO ft CO ....22% Geary st. |
Money Advanced on All Houses.
10 rooms; elegant; clears $50 $550 i
12 rooms; Ellis st.: always full 800 !
14 rooms; near City Hall; cheap rent 800 j
17 rooms; transient; best on O'Farrell.. 850
15 rooms; Third St.. near Market 475
And others. Call and get list. KREDO.
WINSTON & CO., 646 Market st.
1* rooms; $300 cash; balance payments.... $550 i
12 rooms; brand new; must sell; make offer. .. !
20 rooms; doctor pays $55; rent $65 1.400 i
28 rooms; Post st.: fine place 1.800 I
35 rooms; near plaza 1.600
100 rooms; corner; offices: elegant 6,000
$100 SURE profit over all expenses: 22 rooms.
near Baldwin; make offer to SPECK ft CO., |
602 Market st. ;
$32f»0— 63 ROOMS, north of Market; elegant lo-
cation; good paying: must sell; make offer;
.easy terms. Address box 360. Call office.
BARGAIN for $250, lodging house 16 rooms.
- N. LOWENBTEIN. 34 Kearny, rms 10-11.
HOUSE of 12 rooms furnished for sale; cheap.
5!>7 Kills st.
DENTISTS.
A METAL plate for the fame price as rub-
ber; full set of teeth. $5; crov. ns. $3; fill-
Ings; 50c; teeth without plates a specialty;
written guarantee for ten years given on all
work; no students employed; extracting free
when plates are ordered: consultation free.
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and
Mason sts. Entrance 8 Mason st.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings. BOc; crowns, {3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
PR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st., ex-,
tracts or fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method: crowns $2. bridges $4; rub-
• ber or flexible plates $3; received S first prizes;
no students; guarantee 12 years.
GET of teeth. $5; fillings, gold. $1 up; silver. 2Sc
■IT-: bridge work: plates repaired; all work
painless and warranted ten years. New York
I>entlst«. ?69 Mission St.. corner Sixth. -^
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors: full set
of teeth, $5 up: fillings. 23c up; all work pain-
less and guaranteed to rtand: open evenings.
SD7. Market ft., corner. Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market ' St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work Knd fillings a
specialty;- all work reasonable; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny; set of teeth,
$4; filling, gold. 50c; ."liver, 25c; crowns. $3.
THE Esmond dental parlors, 43 — Crown and
bridge work specialists; crowns 53; est. 15 yrs.
f ET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1541 Polk St. , '-
ALL work reasonable and warranted. PR. J.
' W. KEY. IS--' 1 ' Market Ft. ' ■■-■..
"PHYSICIANS.^
KEMOVAL Notice— Dr. C. C. O'Donnell, office !
and residence. IC2IU Market, bet. Cth and 7th. .
HAVES, SS9— Branch office of The Call. Sub-
soripUonn and b<lb taken. - '
TO LEASE.
TO LEASE- A furnished hotel near a large
factory, * miles distant. Apply H. T. WAND i
* CO., 608 Clay st. 1
n-RSOMIS.
I^vrLL*not be responsible for any debts con-
tracted by my wife. MARY HOLLAND, after
tnlH ;,,, GEO. A. HOLLAND.
s - i-KKI-'LUOUS hair removed; no electricity
or powerful medicines used; treatment simple
\ and effective. MRS. CLAYTON. 1128 Sutter.
ETT V RALPH, genuine thermal baths, mas-
1032 Market st., rms. 2 & 3, nr. Mason.
KESPECTAHLE, educated young woman of
1 i^h family connections, but In reduced cir-
cumstances, would like to meet elderly gen-
tleman commanding pood salary or possess-
ing MOM means; object matrimony; no
triflers. Address box 495. Call offte^
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth, Oakland.
APPLY LEDERER'S Quinonia Hair Tonic and
your hair will stop falling out. There is
nothing like it. 35c bottle. 123 Stockton St.
i IF you try LEI'ERKR'S Foamo you will have
I a flnp shampoo: only 5c package. Hair dress-
ing 25c; switches, $1 up; open Sundays and
holiday, 9 to 12. 123 Stockton st.
i ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House. 44 Third st.. near Market; 200 rooms;
: 25c to Jl 50 per night: $150 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
! CHRISTMAS Sale— Japanese bamboo furniture:
hll ktnd^ to order; wholesale and retail; coun-
try orders. K. YOSHITANI CO.. 813 Butter.
! FOR comfort, durability, elegance Rni economy
have your shoes made to order at store prices
by Family Shoe Factory, 15;.0-ir,54 Mnrket St.
STRICTURE, enlarged prostate, pain in blad-
der, urinating too often cured by dissolving
bougies. J MES FORD. 114 Fourth st.. S. F.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices.
Jl week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
11' 'ME in confinement: diseases of women.
MliS DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth St.. Alameda. i
SUITS to -order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
DRESSMAKERS.
LATEST style dresses made, $5 to $6; dresses
made ovar. 3 Kddy st., rooms 14 and 15.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College. 916 MarkPt; m.n and women teachers.
SPIRITI'ALISM.
ATTENTION!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE
The celebrated medium, and clairvoyant of
all clairvoyants, who sees It all. telis you all
and Instantly gives you peace and happiness.
Phe never apks a question, but before you
litter a word she tells you in rull of all that
you an» interested In: business, speculation,
love, marriage, divorce, tells of your friends
and enemies, locates mines and buried treas-
ures.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance Is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all "lisases en earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and ner-
vous affections. The wonderful cures which
I she has nia^ie are the talk of the whole slope.
All correspondence sacredly confidential.
Treatment and consultation hy mail always
satisfactory and most successful. Address or
call, MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
1104 Market St.. S. F., The Vendome.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, celebrated trance
test medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant,
cures disease with revealed remedies; consult
when others fail: sittings $1. 232 Stockton st.
MME YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
nlpht, 10c; 605 McAllister St.; come skeptics.
L'lt LOUISE DREW, medium ft healer; hrs.,
10 to 5: minerals psychometrized. 1027V4 Mrkt.
M~RS. ELLIS: tests to all; Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m. ;
Mop., * 25c: sittincs $1. 133 Valencia st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; 2T.c. 14R Sixth, :m. 10.
BUSINESS medium and palmist; readings 25c
this week; satisfaction guaranteed. 2344 6th.
i MME. LENEMAR tells by planets; predicted
l rescue passengers str. Gold. '74. 23V4 Sixth Bt.
! YOUR future told by cards. 26c. 221 Sixth
| street.
i MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
S reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
; MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
j advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth Pt.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
! band's picture, 2."c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 OFnrrel! St.
MISICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AT $5 50 PER MONTH INSTALLMENTS AND
UPWARD.
$3 50 per month rent; new piano*.
Heine upright $295 00
Steinway upright IS7 50
Chlclcerlng upright 235 00
Sohmer upright 115 00
Knabe upright 275 00
And nver 20 bargains from $40 up: buy direct
of manufacturer and save $50 on each piano.
Office of
HEINE PIANO MANUFACTURING CO..
136 Ellis St.. Y. M. C. A. building.
AR we nre selling good upright pianos for $8
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash: bargains
In rood second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
IS per month. SHERMAN. CLAY ft CO..
Stetnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Ft(> . San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broad wny. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASES.
M, 2S and 30 O'Farrell St.: pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
end prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
nip'omer.
DURTNQ the next few weeks while our store
Is being remodeled we will offer the greatest
bargains In pianos ami musical merchandise:
rail and get our prices. ZENO MAUVAI3
M T- SIC CO.. 780 Mark»t St.
A STEINWAY. $173; Steck. $150; Estey, $225:
Fischer. $2BO; Weber. $200: rasy payments;
pianos rented $150 up: rent alkwed on pur-
• haae Bruenn'l Piano House, ?04 Post st.
WM. O. BADGER. 415 Sacramento St., agent
for cple" .ated pianos of Francis Bacon of New
fork and Hallet ft Davis Co., Boston.
AN elegant Steinway upright, but little used
and In perfect order: a bargain. Spencer's
Piano Wardroom*. 1«1< Market st.
I BENJ. CURTAZ ft SON. sole agents for Chlck-
erlng, Steck. Vose and Sterling pianos: easy
payments. 16 O'Farrell st.
AN elf-cant high-grade piano, slightly uned.
j sacrificed to-day for cash. Rm. 12. Flood big.
, FINE uprlcht rv-cker piano, tittle used- a tar-
galn ICI2 Polk st.
A FINE Btelnway and new Chickering uprlgh."
Facrtficed. KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness ay»
$150— FINE Steinway: great" bargain. SCHMITZ.
_JS McAllister st .. next Hibernla Bunk.
! A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzy. S^S Post it.
HAINES' Itros and other flrnt-class pianos at
reduced price?. w\ C. HAMILTON. 324 Pout.
! NEARLY new upright piano chean: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG. 21fi McAllister.
"AD" smallest; prices lowest: uprights. $75 up;
rentg %2 -jp. HEINE. 13« Ellis Bt.
KNAP.E pianos; new pcale; new styles. KOH-
LET! * CHASE. SO O'Farrell Rt.
SUPERIOR violins, xlthers, old and new. H.
MT'T.T.FH maker, repairer 2 Lp.tnam nlace.
FURNITL'Rr FOR SALE.
F«'K Mia fttO; carpet and furniture of an B-
room flat; rent cheap. Apply GEO. W. H.
PATTERSON A- ro., itqq Market wt.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand~macMneryT Me^
INTOSH & WOLriUN, 195-197 Fremont st
BEAUTIFUL present for a lady: a 10-stone
dlan.ond crescent lady's pin for $75; cost
IMS. UNCLE HARRIS, if, Grant.
COMPLETE tailor's outfit for sale; also 4
rooms and bath for rent. 315 Leavonworth.
FURNITURE of 4 rooms complete for houne-
keeping cheap; flat for rent If desired- $12
per month. 208 Twelfth st.
riANO for sale; $40; bargain! Call at 1924
Howard st.
PICTURE framing with glass, now cheaper
than ever: 7x9 inches. 10c: 10x12. 15c; 12x16
20c; 14x17. 2Tir; 16x20. 30c; ISx22. 35c; 20x24, 45c;
22x28, 60c; curtain poles complete, with wood
or brass trimmings, 15c; room molding, all
colors, lc per foot: colored pictures, studies,
etc., 3 for 10c. JONES. 547 Mission St., be-
tween First and Second; open evenings.
<">MO and 2 bowl barber washstßiids, cheap.
HUFSCHMIDT, fi23 Golden Gate aye.
BAKS. back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand. J.
NOONAN. IUI7-101S-IG2I-IUM Mission st..
above Sixth.
LARGE National cash register at 14 Mason
street. '
SIX horsepower Zenith gas engine; nearly new.
Cal. Belt Co., 519 Mission; tel. Br. 331.
SECOND-HAND engines, boilers, pumps, hose,
belting, etc. H. L. WHITE. 616 Mission «t.
6AFES— The Hermann Bate Co. moved to 417-
423 Sacramento St.
J R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. South 78T.
6AFEB— Bargains In new and second hand: all
•Isea: half original coat. 109-111 Market. 8. F.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont- !
gomery st.
AT 20 Mary St., near Fifth and Mission— Double
parlors. 7 rooms; rent $22 50.
12-ROOM house; fine for renting rooms. 29 Oak
St., near Market. Apply nt I.'. Grant aye.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE, 4 rooms; large yard and stable.
D 3 Colllngwood st.
FLATS TO LET.
A— VERY sunny flat; 4 rooms; bath; garden;
all to yourself; $18. Box 482, Call.
FLAT, 1213 Bush; 3 rooms, bath; gas; rent $12.
Apply at 12UB Bush St.; water free.
HAVES, M7— Nice 7-room flats; all modern im-
provements; rent moderate.
HYDE. 1716— S new choice sunny rooms; all
modern improvements; $20.
MCALLISTER. 728— Upper nat; 7 rooms, bath;
rent $27; key at 725.
NINTH. 237— Modern bay-window flat 4 rooms
and bath; $15.
POST. 2581, near Baker— Lovely flat; C rooms
and bath; sunny; $19.
POST, 1607— Sunny flat of 5 rooms; all modern
Improvements; $12 CO.
WANTED— Tenants for nice flats, cottages; 10
to 80 days free; cozy G-room cottages, $12.
SPECK ft CO., 602 Market St.
WE can rent you a fiat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN ft HOWELL, 10 Mont- i
gomery st.
SUNNY corner flat, 7 rooms, bath; cottage of
5 rooms, cheap. 1876 Fifteenth, near Dolores.
2 OR 3 unfurnished rooms and bath. 1229 Mis-
sion st., between Eighth and Ninth.
$12, $14, $17; FLATS, light and sunny; 4, S and
6 rooms. 2209 Geary St.
ROOMS FOR HOISEKEEPINg!
AT 62 Second— Sunny front suite for^lighTTiltpV
$3 week; single, $1 to $1 50; day, 25c to 50c.
BRYANT, 1101. corner Ninth— 3 front house-
keeping rooms, furnished complete; cheap.
CALIFORNIA. 705 (The Singleton)— Housed
ki>g rms., fur. and unfur.; suites, single, $4 up.
CLEMENTINA, 707— Nice furnished sunny
housekpg rooms from $7 up; bath; laundry.
EDDY. 524»4— Unfurnished room and kitchen,
$4; no children.
EDDY, 917— Very desirable connecting house-
keeping rooms; no children; private residence.
ELLIS. 639, cor. Larkin— Sunny fumUhsd bay-
window; mantel; $14; with kitchen, gas stove,
jtt.
FIFTH, 253— Double parlors, kitchen, bath;
furnished; hkpg; $20; also 2, $12; single, $5.
FIFTH. 322— Large sunny rront bedroom and
kitchen; grate, water, sink, bath; private; $11.
FOLSOM. 776^ — 2 connecting rooms for house-
keeping, with stove.
FOLSOM. 2848—3 or 4 unfurnished sunny house-
keeping rooms; cheap; without children.
GROVE, 202. corner Van Ness aye. — Suite of 3
sunny unfurnished rooms, with gas range.
HOWARD, 725— 3 sunny furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; also other rooms; reasonable.
HOWARD. 106S — Nicely furnished bedroom and
kitchen, complete for hou ekeeplng. $1 50 per
week up.
KEARNY. near Sutter— Three unfurnished
front rooms for offices or housekeeping; gaa
free; cheap rent. Apply 15 Grant aye.
JONES, 117— Nicely furnished eunny suite for
housekeeping; private.
KEARNY, 104 — Front suite of 2 unfurnished
rooms. $10; 3 roomß. $15.
LEAVENWORTH. 1503. near Jackson— 3 sunny
furnished rooms; bath; $10.
! MISSION, £21— Sunny kitchen and bedroom;
complete for housekeeping: $2 50 a week.
MISSION, S6S— 2 large newly furnished rooms,
kitchen and yard, complete for hkpg, $17.
NEVADA House, IT.' Sixth— Nicely furnished
j sunny housekpg. rooms. $12 up; single, $6 up.
: NINTH. 20. near Market— 2 or 3 sunny con-
necting rooms; stove; water; gas; 2 roomß.
| $11; single.
I NINTH. 21— Suite of suni'y rooms furnished for
light housekeeping: running water; stove.
i POLK. 522— Furnished and unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; sunny; cheap.
SIXTH, 216"4— Nice sunny furnished rooms;
housekeeping and single: quiet house: reaa. .
SEVENTH, 191— Large front rooms for house-
keeping from $7 up.
BHIPLEY, 259 — 3 furnished housekeeping rooms,
$10; unfurnished, $8; no children; no dogs.
SIXTH. 420 — Complete rooms for housekeeping;
also front parlor suite and single rooms.
SIXTH. 561. rear— B good large unfurnished
rooms; cheap.
SIXTEENTH. 124— Rooms furnished for house-
keeeplng; front, sunny suites; fire places);
suite. $10 up.
THIRD. 18—2 rooms suitable for housekeeping
or workshop^ ,
TURK. 20—2 nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms; cheap.
TWELFTH, 40, near Market— Large sunny
front suite for housekeeping or single; $6.
TWENTIETH. 3622—2 or 8 sunny connecting
rooms furnished, bath; exclusive sink.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
rail, in wrnpi'er. for mailing.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny rt.— Pleasant
tunny rooms; en suite or i ngle; first-class
In every respect, terms reasonable,,
BALBOA. The. 1049 A Market— Changed hands:
renovated; rooms 60c, suites $1 per day; less
per week; country trade solicited; elev'tr;tel.
BELGRAVIA, 1715 Polk St.— Just opened; ele-
gant rooms; en suite or single; furnished or
unfurnished.
BRUNSWICK— I4B Sixth St., corner Howard-
rooms en suite or single, 25c to $1 «. night;
$1 25 to $5 week: open all night; Howard-st.
cars pass house direct from all trains.
CALIFORNIA. 832— Sunny furnished rooms;
with or without bbard.
CARROLLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate-
Nicely furnished rooms and offices.
DELAWARE. 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and dcuble rms.: $8. $10 mo.
EDDY. 118— Sunny pleasant rooms; central and
convenient; $6 upward per month.
EDDY. 118— Sunny pleasant furnished rooms; I
central; very desirable; T6 per month upward, j
EDDY. 330. between Jones and Leavenworth—
Handsome parlor suite; also single rooms;
carpets and furniture entirely new; at rea- j
sonable rent.
EDDY, 614— Very desirable single sunny front
room; closets, bath, gas; private family; $8.
ELLIS. 418 (Grand Camot)— Nice sunny suites
ft sing.. $1 50. $6 wk.; BOc, $1 day: tel. 81. 1364.
FOURTH, 224— Furnished rooms for light hkpg;
newly furn. rms. at 244 6th; reasonable.
GEARV 4CS— Central location; Just opened,
caipets and furniture new; sunny front
suites and single rooms; transient; reasona-
He; alhc offices.
GEARY, 622- -unny front bay-window room;
newly furnished; gas; running; water.
GEARY, 656— Nice sunny suites; privilege light
housekeeping; gas range; other rooms.
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— Per night, 25c to
$1; week, $1 to $4; reading-room; Howard cars
GOLDEN GATE. r>o3 — Parlor floor suitable for
physician or dentist; carpeted.
QOLDEN <;aTK, Mo— Corner suite, nicely fur-
nished, sun all day; also housekeeping rooms.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and !
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and ,
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House. 751 Mit-nion-Select family
rooming hout>c; $1 f.O to $6 : er week.
HARRISON, 826— One or 2 large rooms fur-
nished or unfurnished.
HASKELL. The, 121 Powell— New management; '
cheap, neat, light, sunny rooms; transient.
HOTEL Francisco, Turk and Taylor— Elegant '
suites and single rms.; transient. Mrs. J. King, j
MASON. 225 — A nicely furnished sunny front
bay-window; rooms, $2 per week up.
MCALLISTER, an, near Franklin— Back par-
lor room; suitable for 2 gentlemen.
MECHANICS' HOUSE, 436 Fifth— Everything
new; rms.. single or suite, $1 wk. up; trans-
clent; bar In connection. F. W. Gardener, bro.
C. J. Gardener of Folsom and Rausch, prop.
MINNA, 466— Four sunny rooms In rear; $10.
MINNA. 667, ror. Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week: transient.
MISSION, S2l— Nice clean furnished room, $1
a week up.
MISSION. M 3 (Mint House)— Nice sunny fur-
nlEhed rooms; transient: new house; central. !
OCTAVIA, 1408, cor. Geary— Sunny furnished i
bay-window; running water; 2 gents pre- I
f erred: $8.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day, week or month.
PIEDMONT House. USA «th— Nicely furnished
sunny front rooms; double, single; first class.
PINE. 1436— Tw0 sunny unfurnished rooms.
POLK, 1802— Unfurnished room; running water
and closet.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
POST, 970— Lovely sunny front room; 1 or 2
gentlemen or lady employed during day; rent
reasonable; call before 2 p. m.
POWELL, 317 (former Cosmos Club)— Elegantly
furnished rooms: second floor; reasonable.
SEVENTH, 179— Sunny rooms; modern house;
newly furnished; single or en suite; $6 to $20
per month.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
TAY, 5, between Clay, Powell, Mason— Nice
furnished room In French famtly.
TAYLOR, 323— Nicely furnished front rooms;
en suite or single: bath, gas^
TURK, 132— Nicely furnished rooms; transients
accommodated; reasonable.
VAN NESS aye., 401D — Large sunny front room
nicely furnished; gas, bath; suitable for gent;
private.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
FIRST, 416— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
GEARY, L32— Sunny front suite, unfurnished or
furnished, to suit: sing, rms.; excellent board.
HOTEL Falrmount, 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture: first class In every respect; table
unsurpassed; hot and cold water; elevator;
suites, with board for 2, $50 a month up.
HOWARD, 2606— Large, sunny room, grate,
large closet, with board for 2; $40.
IRVING, 1070 Valencia— Large sunny front al-
cove room.
O'FARRELL. 742— Sunny single room, with
board. $22 50; home comforts; also front room.
SOUTH PARK. 159— Sunny furnished rooms
with board, $4 to $5 per week; home cooking.
SUTTER. 1128— Elegant room and board; loca-
tion unsurpassed; reasonable.
TURK, 226 — Sunny furnished rooms, suitable
for 2, with or without board.
VAN NESS aye.. 519— Sunny furnished suites
and 6ingle rooms: first-class table board.
VAN NESS. 712— Nicely furnished sunny single
rooms; running water: bath: gas; table board.
CHILDUE.X BOARDED.
RESPECTABLE lady wishes children to board;
best of references. 314 Jessie Bt.
WIDOW would like 2 children to board; tax-
nlshed room for parent. 51 Clara st.
STORKS TO LET.
SHOEMAKER shop to rent, wltlPTurnlshed
sleeping room; good chance for steady single
man. Call barber shop, 744 Fourth st.
GROCERY and bar to let. with 3 rooms.
Northwest corner Eighth and Natoma sts.
SIXTH. 318— Large store; suitable for gents'
furnishing or dry goods.
$9 AND $10; 2 stores, with living room. 339 Noe
St., near Market; stable If desired.
OFFICES TO LET.
VAN NESS aye., 917, cor. O'Farrell^Front
suite of unfurnished fboms for a doctor or
dentist in a doctor's house; also a furnished
doctor's office.
EMMA SPHIICKELS building, 927 Market St.:
light, heat. Janitor and telephone; rents $12 5«
to $20. ASHTON & QAWriVKR. room 210.
MEDICAL.
ALL ladles will be glud to learn that Mrs. Dr.
Gwyer, formerly of 226 Turk st., has rfturned
to the city and resumed business; a sure and
safe cure for all female diseases from what-
ever cause; all th.^se who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
cases before going elsewhere; they will find
her a true friend; home for patients, with
every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed by
MRS. DR. GWYEH, 510 Eddy St., between
Hyde and Larkin.
ALL cases of monthly Irregularities restored
instantly (no matter what cause); safe and
sure at any time; my celebrated remedies anl
treatment have never been known to fall;
travelers helped without delay; home in con-
finement; skillful medical attention; all those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable specialists free and confidential. MRS.
DR. WYETH. 208 Turk st.. near Jones.
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years' pratclce; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 1228 Market St.;
pills, $1; very strong, $2.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects; taken In time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box, sent free by mall
on receipt of price: consultation on all special
diseases free. WALLER BROS., 2S Grant
aye., S. F. A caution— Before purchasing
elsewhere write us.
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing;
every' woman her own physician; restores al-
ways in one day; safe and sure; no medicine
or Instruments used; consultation free; saves
disgrace; pills and capsules. $1; cure $5. By
the well-known ladles' physician for 37 years.
DR. POPPER, 218 Kearny at.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause; no Instruments used; guaranteed cure
at office, $5; travelers helped Instantly; hours
8 a. m. to 5 p. m. MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122
Market st., bet. Mason and Taytor.
AILMENTS-Ladles In trouble see Drs. Good-
win free; reliable, safe and sure; cure In 24
hours guaranteed: any complaints; no Instru-
ments; maternity home; best medical at-
tendance: cure, $5. Removed from 4011) Van
Ness to 1362 A Mkt.,bet. Jones ft City Hall ay.
LADlES— Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best: safe, reliable; take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars;
"Relief for Ladlee"; letter by return mall; at
druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co., Phlla.
DR. (i. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned spe-
cialist; all monthly Irregularities restored;
whatever cause; all cases relieved Immedate-
ly; call or write; confidential. 1023H Market.
RHEUMATISM— Chronic cases solicited; treat-
ment anywhere: pay after cured: $5 up;
others having failed, try H. R., 864 Nine-
teenth St., Oakland.
ALL married ladles know "Seguro." the greatest
boon to them. RICHARDS ft CO., 406 Clay St.;
$1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to SEOU-
RO MFG. CO., 631 X St.. Sacramento, Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Oolflen Gate
aye. ; private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance; terms
moderate; infants adopted into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, r boon to ladles with
female troubles: no danger: safe cure; $2 60;
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSCOOD BROS., Coast Apents. Oakland Cal.
MRS. ACHARD. mldw!f»: pleasant, sunny
home In confinement. 156 Second st Tele-
phone Green 52.
Bellevue Sanitarium— Ladles cared for during
confinement. 727 Rellevtie aye.. I^or Angeles.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; suh-
veying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue.
AYRES" Business College, 72S Market St.; Indl-
vldunl Instruction In shorthand, typing, book-
keeping, telegraphy, penmanship, English
branches, etc.; l! f e scholarship, *o0; low rates
per week and month.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt.; day ft eve .;
ent. 1864. VAN DE-R NAILLEN. 933 Market.
LAW schools. 927 Market St., city; 906 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night.
ELOCUTION * oratory: F. C. Caldwell: 16 yrs"
experience. Emma Hpreekels ' ldg, 927 Market.
INSTRUCTION— VioIin, piano, cornet, mando-
lln. etc. THE MISSES LANE, 3941 24th st.
PRIVATE academy of dancing: waltzing a
specialty. MISS JEAN HUDDY. 6A Hyde.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1238 Mar-
ket st. ; 400 positions secured In last 2 years.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
tangM: short time. Tnrr. r<72 Parrott bldg.
STORAGE.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Movlng~Co7
Office 401 Post at., cor. Powell: tel. Main 6715,
PROPOSALS.
BIDS Wanted — Notice is hereby given that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board i
of Directors of the Veterans' Home Associa-
tion at its office, room 13, S2O oanbome st. I
San Francisco, Cal., up to 10 o'clock a. m. I
Saturday, December 10. 1898. and opened im-
mediately thereafter In the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
erans' Home, Napa County, Cal. (railroad sta-
tion Yountvllle), for six months commencing
January 1. 1599. and ending June 30, 189»
Schedules with Information and Instuctions
for submitting bids v.Mll be furnished upon
application by the undersigned. Bidders wli; \
carefully follow the conditions of the !
echedules, and no bid will be considered un- i
less It is In accordance with such schedules i
Each bidder must accompany his bid with a j
certified check upon some well known and re- I
sponslble banking house for at least 10 per I
cent of the amount of his bid, payable to J. I
C Currier, treasurer, conditioned that the
bidder will enter into a gcod and vallc" con-
tract upon notice of acceptance as required
by law. The board reseives the right to
reject any or all bids and to order any quan-
tity over or under the amount specified.
Address J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary Veter-
ans' Home Association, room TB, 320 Sansome
St.. Ban Francisco, Cal. By -rder of the
Board of Directors.
J. J. SCOVTLLE, Secretary. I
PHiiI'OSALS.
PROPOSALS.
For Sweeping and Cleaning the Public Streets,
From the Date of the Award of the Con-
tract to January 1, 1901.
OFFICE OF THE CLERK OF THE BOARD
of Supervisors of the City and County of San
Francisco, December «, 1898.
In accordance with Resolution No. 164S
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors,
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received in open
Besßion of the Board of Supervisors on MON-
DAY AFTERNOON, December 12. IS9B, from
2:30 to 3 o'clock, for sweeping, cleaning and
keeping clean the paved streets and alleys ol
San Francisco, and those streets that may
hereafter be pavefl, from the date of the award
of the contract to January 1, 1901, in strict ac-
cordance with the specifications prepared by
the Merchants' Association and filed in the
office of the Clerk of the Board of Supervisors
on October 20th. 1898, and adopted and ap-
proved by the Board of Supervisors on De-
cember nth, 1898, by Resolution No. 2021
(Fourth Series), copies of which can be had
on application at this office.
NOTlCE.— Bidders will submit alternative
bids based upon the conditions Imposed In the
specifications.
Under Form "A."
First— Bidders will estimate and state a price
per 1000 square yards for all work to be done
on streets, alleys, etc., of the first class.
Bidders will estimate and state a price per
1000 square yards for all work to be done on
streets, alleys, etc., of all other classes than
the first class,
Under Form "B."
Second — For the performance of the work
with the understanding that the sweepings
from the special district beginning at Fulton
street and First avenue; then along First ave-
nue to Washington, along Washington to Lar-
kln, along Larkln to Market, along Market to
Valencia, along Valencia to Twenty-first,
along Twenty-first to Castro, along Castro to
Ridley, along Ridley to Buena Vista avenue,
along Twenty-first to Castro, along Castro to
Haight to Masonic avenue, along Masonic
avenue to Frederick, along Frederick to Stan-
yan, along Stanyan to Fulton, along Fulton to
point of beginning, to be known aa Golden Gate
Park Dumping District, are to be conveyed to
and delivered to Golden Gnte Park at a point
opposite the entrance at Fifth avenue.
Bidders will estimate and state a price per
1000 square yards for all work to be dons on
streets, alleys, etc., of the first class.
Blddrrs will estimate and state a price per
1000 square yards for all work to be dnne on
streets, alleys, etc., of all other classes than
the first class.
The lowest bid will be ascertained by mul-
tiplying the figure proposed for streets of the
first class by the figure 1. and by multiplying
the figure proposed for all other streets by the
figure 2, aaaing the results together and divid-
ing their sum by the figure 3. The lowest re-
sult will be considered the lowtst average bid.
And It Is to be distinctly understood that no
bid will be entertained which does not con-
form to all the requirements set forth In
the specifications for the guidance of the bid-
ders.
Also, It is to be distinctly understood that
eight hours shall constitute a day's work for
persons employed on the. above work, and that
the minimum rate of wages to be paid shall
be two (2) dollars per day.
The party or parties to whom this contract
Is awarded will be required, prior to or at the
time of the execution of the contract, to pay
the cost of advertising this notice in three dally
newspapers.
Tn order to preserve uniformity and to fa-
cilitate the award the Board of Supervisors has
resolved to receive no bids unless made upon
blank forms prepared br the committee, and
each hlrlder will bo required to deposit with
the Clerk of the Board or Supervisors (with his
bid) a certifipd check, drawn to the order of
said clerk, upnn some bank In the City and
County of San Francisco, in the sum of ten
thousand (J10.POO) dollars rnltrm States gold
coin, conditioned if the proposal be accepted
and the contract awarded, and If the bidder
shall fall or neglect to pay the printing
charges, e.-ecute a written contract therefor
and give the bond rrqulrod. which is hereby
fixed in the sum of twenty-five thousand ($25,-
000) dollars within six (?) days after the award
la made, or fall to cnmmencp the work on the
execution of the contract, when directed by
the Superintendent of Streets, then and in that
case the said sum shall be paid into the City
sr.d County Treasury by said rWk as liqui-
dftpd damages for such failure and neglect.
The Board reserves the right to award a
contract for th» above work elthpr under
Form "A"- or Form "B," or rMect all bids If
the public gond so require. The Board also
reserves the right to terminate the contract at
any time If the party or parties to whom the
same shall be awarded shall not perform the
work in strict accordance with the specifica-
tions.
Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
JNO. A. RUSSTCLL. Clerk.
PROPOSALS
For the Erection of an Engine House on
Tenth Avenue. Between I and J Streets.
OFFICE OF THE CLERK OF THE BOARD
of Supervisors of the City nnd County of San
Francisco, December 6, 1898.
In accordance with Resolution No. 2011
'Fourth Serlep) of the Board of Supervisors
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received in
open session of the Board of Supervisors on
MONDAY AFTERNOON, December 12, 189S
from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for the erection of an
engine home on Tenth avenue, between 'T'
and "J" streets, for the use of the Fire De-
partment. In accordance with the plans and
specifications and the conditions set forth In
the said specifications, prepared by Charles
R. Wilson. Architect, to be seen at the office
of the Board of Fire Commissioners, first
floor. City Hall, all the work to be performed
to the satisfaction of the Chief Engineer and
the Board of Fire Commissioners.
The building to be completed within eighty
'80) working days from the date of 'signing
the contract.
Any delay in the completion of the building
will be charged to the contractor at the rate
of twenty ($2O 00) dollars per day, and the
total amount will be deducted from the con-
tract sum.
Payments will be made on trie first day of
each month at the rate of seventy-five (75)
per cent of the value of the work done j>nd
the balance thirty-five (35) days aftPr the
completion and acceptance of the building.
The work of construction to be done In
strict accordance with the plans anj upcrifica-
tlons, under the supervision and dir».->tlon o*
Charles R. Wilson. Architect, and the District
Engineers of the Fire Department.
Eight hours to constitute a day's work for
all workmen employed upon the work and
the minimum rate of wages to be paid on
Bald work to be two ($2) dollars per day.
Bidders will estimate and state a price for
which the entire work will be performed, in
accordance with the plans and specifications.
The party to whom the contract mnv be
awarded will be required, prior to or at the
time of the execution of said contract to
pay the cost of advertising this notice In three
dally newspapers.
In order to preserve uniformity and to foclll-
tate the award the Board has resolved to
receive no bid unless made upon blank forms
prepared by the committee, and a certified
check on some bank In the City and County
of San Francisco for the sum of five hundred
($500) dollars deposited by the bidder with his
bid and made payable to the Clerk of the
Board of Supervisors, conditioned If the pro-
posal be accepted and the contract awarded
and if the bidder shall fall or neglect to pay
the printing charges, execute the contract a id
give the required bond wHhin six days after
the award Is made, then and in thut case the
said sum shall be paid into the City and
County Treasury by said Clerk as liquidated
damages for such fallurp and neel"t.
Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
The Board reserves the right to reject all
bids if the public good so require.
JXO. A. RfSSELL. Clerk
PROPOSALS.
To Construct and Furnish Two (!) Monitor
Batteries for Use of the Fire Department.
OFFICE OF THE CLERK OF THE BOARD
of Supervisors of the City and County of San
Francisco, December 6. 189 S.
In accordance with Resolution No 1011
(Fourth Series) of the . Board of Supervisors
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received in
open session of the Board of Supervisors on
MONDAY AFTERNOON, December 12, IS9S.
from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for the manufacture
and delivery of two (2) monitor batteries for
use of the Fire Department. The said moni-
tor battpriei to be constructed In strict accord-
ance with specifications, to be seen at the Fire
Department Corporation Yard. No. 52 Sacra-
mento street. Said monitor batteries to be ap-
proved by and constructed to the satisfaction
of the Board of Fire Commissioners and the
Committee on Fire Department of the Board of
Supervisors.
NOTlCE.— Bidders will estimate and state a
price for which they will manufacture and
deliver the two (2) monitor batteries, complete
In every particular nnd ready for use. to the
Board of Fire Commissioners, to be furnished
within a period of not more than seventy (70)
days from the f^g^ng of the contract: and If
not so furnished, the sum of $10 per day to be
deducted from the contract price for each and
every day over and above said period until
furnished and delivered to the Board of Fire
Commissioners.
Eight hours to constitute a day's work for
all workmen employed upon the work, and the
minimum rate of wages to be paid on said
work to be two ($2) dollars per day.
The party to whom the contract Is awarded
will be required, prior to or at the time of the
execution of the contract, to pay the cost of
advertising this notice in three daily news-
papers.
In order to preserve uniformity and to facil-
itate the award the Board has resolved to
receive no bid unless made upon blank forms
prepared by the committee, and a certified
check on some bank In the City and County of
San Francisco for the sum of one thousand
($1000) dollars deposited by the bidder with his
bid and made payable tn the Clerk of the Board
of Supervisors, conditioned If the proposal be
accepted and the contract awarded: and if the
bidder shall fall or neglect to pay the printing
charges, execute the contract and give the re-
quired bond within six dayß after the award
Is made, then and In that case the said sum
shall be paid Into the City and County
Treasury by said Clerk as liquidated damages
for such failure and neglect.
Wanks furnished by the Clerk.
The hoard reserves the right to reject all
bids if the public good so require.
JN-O. A. RUSSELL. Clerk,
TYPEWRITERS.
ALL tpe writers sold and rented; few partly
u«ed for sale cheap; tend for samples and
Prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery.
A HAMMOND. $16: Callrraph. $15; Tost, fit;
set sample work. 6COTT. 333 Montgomery it
. CITY REAL ESTATE. t
choice :' r /■'• ** . ;.. -: " 1' ix
PARK LOTS. ' ■' ' ■-'■■.
TERMS $6 MONTHLY.
Five weeks ago we placed on tl ■ mar 11 — t 100
lots fronting on Bth, 9th, 10th and 11th avenues,
and not a great way south of Golden Gate Park
and we have only a few of them left. ". ;
OVER 60 LOTS SOLD. •
Prices $270 «nd Upward. ■
$25 Balance 1 $5 Monthly. •'
An excellent opportunity to make money,
values bound to rUe, no property; In ' the city
has such a future. ■ Grand views- of the bay.
Golden Gate Park and its many attractions.
Close to the Affiliated Colleges. Don't wait,
go out to-day to see them. It won't be time
wasted.
BOTH BLOCKS GRADED AND FENCED.
HOW. TO GET THERE.
Take Halght or Ellis street cars and transfer
to the new electric road (taking the place of the
old steam dur.imy), get off car at Ninth avenue '
j and • H street. We have a branch '■ office there
open dally (Sundays and holidays . Included).
Blue cars on 11 «<=! on and Ellis streets run
direct from the ferries.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
•-. ■ I ■ ■ 10 Montgomery st.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER. v
ROOM "A," CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
SUNSET DISTRICT LOTS A ~ SPECIALTY.
Branch Office on Ninth aye., near H st.
$400, $450, $500 to $800 each: street graded, lots
ready to build on: $25 down. $5 monthly.
Unexcelled View. Perfect Bargains.
Go to see them. Local agent on the ; Ground.
RICHMOND LOTS FROM $400 TO $800.
$100 to $300; lots near Mlssion-st. electric
cars; ready to build on; $10 down. $5 monthly.
-"; ' .'■ - SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM "A," CROCKER BUILDING.
A— s4ooo— REDUCED from $4500; an elegant
business or residence- corner lot on Dolores
st.; size 33x90; lot contains a new 2-story resi-
dence of 7 elegantly decorated rooms and
bath on end of lot; front is vacant and large
enough for a store and flats; terms $1200
cash, balance in monthly installments. See
owner, 232 Liberty st., near Dolores. :
NOTICE to property owners — proposals
are desired by the Board of Fire Commission-
ers at their office. New City Hall, from own-
ers of real property, suitable for engine-
house proposed, on the block bounded by
Second and Third, Mission and Howard sts.,
stating dimensions of lot, location and low-
est purchase price. By order of the Board of
Fire Commissioners, . GEORGE MAXWELL,
Clerk. San Francisco, Nov. 28. 1898. '
$5000— ONLY. $1400 cash; comer; 22d and Flor-
ida sts., with 3 flats, 4 and 5 rooms and bath,
and space on corner for 4 more flats; lot 50x
100. .'■.;:•:
$3250 — Cottage, 5 rooms; Haight, near Bu-
chanan; 25x96. •>'..- '. '
MODERN cottage: very large grounds; large
barn and stable; houses for poultry: some
distance from other dwellings; near 2 lines
of cars: rent of this property very low to a
responsible party. Apply 19 Fourth st.
NEW 3-room cottage with level lot, near Mis-
sion and Thirtieth sts.: $10 monthly. JACOB
HEYMAN. 11 Montgomery st.
$2200—60x20 WITH 2 flats. 25 Stone st., near NE.
corner Powell and Washington.
$660. WILL build 4-room bay-window cottage;
good -material. . GEO. M. SALSBURY. Build-
er, E2l X St.. Sunset district.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
paid. ■ ■ ~
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
i LAKE COUNTY~^N^^Boo^cresr"wlth~Tak^
frontage; no Improvements; patented; no in-
cumbrance; 80 acres have been in hay. bal-
ance fine fruit land when cleared; paying
range for Angora goats; price $3 an acre cash.
Address . Lakeside, box 372, Call office.
FOR rent— Haywards, 10-acre fruit ranch;
well Improved; splendid place for chickens.
2926 Sixteenth st., city.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
WILL exchange corner business, improved
property ' in heart of city for unimproved
GEORGE W. H. PATTERSON & CO., 1709
Market St. ■ ■ -".- :
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. .
FOR sale in Oakland— New house. 7 rooms and
bath 2-story; best construction : and finish-
lot 40x125; fine neighborhood; 3 minutes from
railroad station; 30 minutes from San Fran-
cisco;, monthly .. Installments. HERON- &
HOLCOMB. 1050 Broadway. ;
■'• ELM HURST REAL ESTATE-
I HAVE a few special bargains In small~acre"
age tracts; . look them up at once, It. will
pay you. :
4 acres highly. improved. . _ , ,
5 acres highly . Improved. .. ...
1 acre highly improved. '.. . . . ■ ;■..-,
A few 1. 2 and 3 acre lots, unimproved,
choice land, well located, all within 5 mm- |
utes walk of electric cars- take electric cars '
to Elmhurst and ■ see PITTOCK, | real estate
opposite .powerhouse, : Elmhurst. .. ■
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
BROADWAY, Unfurnished housekeeping
rooms, carpets; reasonable to responsible par- i
ties. • .-..» -
SUNNY corner; first-class apartment house; no
transients. 1055 Washington. Davis block.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— «nd cheap. H. HCHEU,
HAAR' old »tnr». <« KWei»<i it «♦• bin.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale— cents on the. dollar; one 5, one 6
and one 7 room cottage also for investment
two 2-story cottages; pay net 10 per cent; ■■
best location. Apply to A. R. DENKE SR.,
Webster-st. station, narrow gauge.
HOUSES built to order at your own prices and
on your own terms; call and see plans. "J. H
YOUNG. Builder. 1243 Park St.
BEFORE you buy or build see our bargains.
Alameda Land Company, installment home
builders and real estate agents, 1500 Park st.,
Alameda. Cal. -' .- ;~. ■ ' ■ ■
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE. !-,.
FOR Trade— A lovely Berkeley home; value
$4500; for wheat and fruit ranch of equal !
value. Write for particulars, O. G. MAY & •
CO., 2123 Center st., Berkeley. :.
FOR Trade— A fine, central, Improved city lot '
45x125, value $2000, for country property near ;
Napa. O. G. MAY & CO., 2123 Center St..
Berkeley. ....
COMPLETE home; 1 block south of the U. C. ;
elegant gas fixtures; porcelain bath, finished
In natural wood; sunny frontage; flowers and
fruit trees; a perfect home; send for. photo
Address M. L. WURTS, Seventeenth and
Broadway, Oakland. .
FOR . SALE— A fine 7- room house; all the
latest improvements: large lot; street- work
all done; 4 blocks -from university grounds.
JOS. J. MASON, Real Estate, Berkeley sta-
tlon. ■• . • :~ i - . ■ ..-•..'..-'
1 MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. Oak-
' land .or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission st., • above
Sixth; telephone South 14. ..
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain, liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry -at -the, lowest rates. • Baldwin Jewelry
Store, room 408, Parrott building.
ON ' furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st. . -. :
ANY amount at. B^per cent on real ' estate, 2d
and 'id mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
BORROW from the CUT-RATE - LOAN OF-
FICE. 22 Mason st., opp. Oiympia Music Hall.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery at.
" . FINANCIAL. ' \ '■..'. v
NOTES discounted; loans negotiated. : SYL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker, : 328 ' Montgomery.
. LEGAL \ NOTICES. * .
DEPARTMENT No. 10. Probate?" In the
Superior Court In - and for the City ' and
County of San Francisco, . State of Calif or- ;
nia. In the matter of . the estate of ISAAC
8. BELCHER, deceased. Notice is hereby
given that Monday, the 19th day of Decem-
ber, ■A.- D. 1898, at v 10 • o'clock --- a. m. .of
said day, and the court room of Department !
10 of said court, at the new 'City .Hall, In !
the city i and county of ■ San Francisco, . State !
of . California, •> have been- appointed as- • the I
-' time and place for proving the will of 'said '
I. S. BELCHER, deceased, "> and for hearing
the application of ADELINE N. BELCHER
for the Issuance to her 'of letters testamen-
tary thereon. - ,v, v -< ' . ■ ;. ....
Dated Dec. 5, A. D. 1898. • "■' - ; - <' > ,
[Seal] CHARLES F. CURRY, -Clerk,
t ; ;By V. F. NORTHROP. Deputy Clerk.
RICHARD '..BELCHER. * Belcher ; building,
Marysville, Cal., Attorney for Petitioner. *
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam. Carpet-cleaning Works—
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, M*r.. '
3S and 40 Eighth St.; telephone Eouth 850.
WHEN you become disgusted with • poor' work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beatlng Works. 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 8e ; per yard; laid at 3c.
BTRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14th
st.; cleaning 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye. : tel. East 12(t. " - ■
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Butter St.;
tel. Main 334. GEO. WOLCOM. Proprietor.
' MARKIAGE LICENSES.
Paul W. Zlncke and Mamie Hanna .23-23
Thomas F. Barker and Alice B. Ray 2S-29
Casper Vogt and Bertha Mordhorst....*... 58-41
Press Anderson and Hattie Lanthers 26-21
Ole Olesen and Agnes H. Munder 33-25
Marcus M. McNealy and Nellie Nevins.... 2l-18
Herman Fleming and Hermlne Brandsh. .3l-30
George P. Coppen and Llllie J. MeG rath.. 2l-19
Horace G. Thrum and Alicia L. Hallowell.26-30
William J. Root and Lula M. Merrltt 23-25
A. T. Kalning and Katharina Herman. ...3l-22
William H. Hiefleld and Nellie M. Thorn.. 22-22
Thomas J. Kelley and Mary T. Ly0n5.... 21-20
Daniel J. Selbert and Laura Curren. 29-18
W. F. Hoelscher and Mlzpah Friederich ...26-21
BIRTHS— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sona authorized to have the same published. |
BOBN.
BURKE— In this city, December 4, 1898, to the
wife of J. Burke, a son.
CHELI— this city, December 3. 1898. °to the
• wife of P. J.Cheli, a son.
COSGROVE— this city, December 7. 1898, to
the wife of E. G. Cosgrove, a daughter. .
FORD— In San Mateo, December 7, IS3B. to the
wife of Alfred B. Ford, a son.
O'DONNELL— In this city, December 1, 1898,
to the wife of J. F. O'Donnell. a son.
PINTO— In this city. December 7, IS9S, to the
wife of William Pinto, a son.
KORB— In this city. November 27, IS9S, to the
wife of William C. Korb, a son.
MARRIED. . :
HOELSCHER — FRIEDERICH — In this city.
December 7, IS9B, at the First English Lu-
t heran Church, by the Rev. Dr. Edward Ice-
lander. William Frederick Hoelseher and
Mizpah Friederlch, both of San Francisco.-
FLEMING— In Alvarado. Novem-
ber 20, 1898, by the Rev. Father D. Govemo.
Frank S. Sheridan and Henrietta G. Flem-
ing, both of San Francisco.
~~~ DIED.
Barlowe, Arthur O'Halloran, Ellen •
Brooker. Florence E. Patton. . Maggie
Fitzgerald, John Pattridge, Catherine
Flint, Samuel Piasecki, Rev. A. B.
Jones, Oscar R. Rourke, Bridget
Kennedy. Charles D. Trobock. Madeline '
Kidney, Bridget Volswinkler. Kather-
Longfleia, John me
McCune. Annie Wlttmeler, Magda-
. Nelson, Mary F. Lena
BARLOWE— In this city.. December 7, 1898,
Arthur, beloved and youngest child of Henry'
and the late Emma . Barlowe, a native of San
Francisco, aged 10 months.
BROOKER— In this city, "December 7, 1898,
Florence E., youngest and beloved daughter
of Gustavus and Mary Brooker, and sister of
Annie, . Victoria. Gustavus Jr. and Irvine
Brooker, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
month.
FITZGERALD— this city. December 5. 189 R.
John, dearly beloved son of Richard and
Hannah Fitzgerald, and brother of ; Richard
A. Fitzgerald, Mrs. E. P. Peterson and Mrs.
E. M. Nelson, a native of San Francisco, aged
25 years and 8 months.
CT'Frienr's and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral, this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 347 Fremont street, thence to St.
Brendan's Church,, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FLINT— In Oakland, December 6. 1898, Samuel,
beloved husband of Sarah A. Flint, a native
of England, aged 59 years.
K^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the rooms of
George H. Thomas Post No. 2, G. A. R.. 320
Post street. Interment National Cemetery.
JONES— this city, December 6." 1898, Oscar
R. Jones, a native of Camden, Me., aged 68
year, and 4 months.
E7"Funeral services will be held this day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, at the undertaking
parlors of N. Gray & Co., 641 Sacramento
street. Interment, private. Mountain View
Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
KENNEDY— Near Berkeley, December 5, 1898.
. Charles D. Kennedy, a native of New Bed-
ford, Mass., aged 35 years'. "(New -Bedford,
Mass., papers please copy.)
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from St. Francis de
Sales Church,, corner .. Grove and Hobart
streets, Oakland, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery.
KIDNEY— In this city, December 6. 1898. en-
tered into rest, Bridget Kidney, beloved
mother of Mrs. John Cronln. a native of Mid-
dleton, County Cork. Ireland, aged 81 years
10 months and 4 days.
C? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her son-in-law, John Cronin, 24
Shipley street, thence to St. Patrick's Church
for services. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
LONGFIELD— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, December. 6, IS9S, John Longfield, a na-
tive of England. -
McCUNE— this city,- December 7, 1898, An-
nie McCune, sister of James McCune and
Mrs. Kate Dunn of St. Louis, Mo., a native
of County Monaghan, Ireland, aged 25 years.
zy Notice of funeral hereafter.
NELSON— In this city. December 6, 1593, Mary
Frances, beloved daughter of Mary and the
late Captain Henry Nelson, and sister of Esta
Nelson,- a native of San Francisco, aged 23
years 5 months and 23 days. ,.: .
IC^Frlendß and -cquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of her mother, BC3H Treat avenue. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery. • -
O'HALLORAN— Oakland, December 7, 1898,
Ellen, wife of the late Maurice O'Halloran,
and mother of Maurice and James O'Hallo-
ran, Mrs. Michael Nolan. Mrs. Dan O'Keefe,
Mrs. J. Kerney and the late Michael and
John O'Halloran, a native of Parish Castle
Island. County Kerry, Ireland, aged 79 years.
(C7"Friends i and acquaintances are respect-
■ fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow ,
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 816 Willow street, thence to St. Pat- 
rick's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at - 9 o'clock. Interment -. St.
Mary's Cemetery , ; Oakland. . ,- ■:.■ >•:. :
PATTON— In this city, December 7. 1898.. Mag-
gie, dearly beloved wife of Daniel Patton,-
mother of Maggie Patton. and sister of Mrs. ■
Mary Carr, . Mrs. Delia ; McKfbben and Miss
Katie Qulnn, a native of County Donegal, .
Ireland, aged 30 years.
' ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
full/ Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9 o'clock precisely, from her late
residence. 810% Battery street, thence to St.
Francis Church, where at 9:30 o'clock pre-
cisely, a solemn requiem high mass wllll bo
celebrated for the repose of her soul.-. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. \
PATTRIDGE— In this city. December 7. 1898.
Catherine, beloved > wife of R. K. Pattridge,.
mother of Andrew ■ and , Kirk - Pattridge. and
sister of Mrs. Mary. Lincoln, a native of Bos-
ton, aged 55 years. ; ' ', ,
PIASECKI— In this city, December '7, 1898,
Rev. .Brother . Andrew > Bolealaus Piasecki,
dearly beloved son of John and Elizabeth .
Piasecki, beloved brother of Joseph, Branls-
lawa, Elizabeth. Martha and Stefanle Pia-
I secki, and brother-in-law of Adam Kryslak.
a native of Lautenburg, Prussia, Germany,
- aged 20 years and 7 days. ■•■--'. . ;
ROURKE— In this city. December 5. 1898. Brid- '
i get, ' beloved wife . of I Terrence Rourke, I and
mother of Mrs. Charles Hegarty, Mrs. Alfred
Berg and Margaret, James H. and John T.
Rourke, a native ;of County Longford, Ire-
land, aged 74 years and 6 months. ' ■ •• •. ,
■ (CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 616 > Eddy street, tnenee: to St.
5 Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness ■ avenue, for
services." < Interment Hoi y. Cross Cemetery. ■
TROBOCK —In this city,* December j6, ■ 1898,
 Madeline, beloved wife of B. N. Trobock, and
daughter of Andrea and Jesus Maria Malovos
of San Jose, a native of San Jose., aged 25'
years 8 : months and , 19 days. < (San Jose pa-
' pers please copy.) ' •
| (E7"Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
- fully invited to attenfl the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:45 "o'clock, f rom : the family
' residence, . 1133 Bush • street, - thence to Notre
Dame dcs - Vietolres ■ Church. Bush - street,
where a ■ solemn requiem mass .will be cele-
brated for the repose of. her soul, commenc- •
ing at 10:30 o'clock. Interment private.
VOLSWINKLER— In .this city. December 6.
1898, Katherine. dearly beloved wife of Adel-
bert Voswinkler, a native of Bayern, Ger-
. many, aged 13 years 9 months and 24 days. v*\
' [CFrlends ' and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors. of-
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
V7ITTMEIER— : this city. December 6, 1898.
Maedalena, beloved wife of the late John G.
Wrttmeier, and sister of F. . L. , Buhn of
Tehachapl, Kern " County, Cal.. a native of
Baden. Germany, aged M years 1 month and
7 days.
C7Friends and . acquaintances " are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
" (Friday), at. 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H F. Suhr &' Co.. 1209 Mission ' street.' near
Eighth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. ~ :
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAL.:,:EJ
80 Fifth st., opposite Llnooln bobook
Telephone South 80.
1112
JUROR CREATES A SENSATION
AT THE TRIAL OF MRS. BOTKIN
J.S.Young Released From Duty
After Being Accepted
and Sworn.
The Accused Woman Gains Her First
Technical Victory in Her Fight
for Life. .
ONE JUROR LACKING.
T. H. CHANDLER.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM.
J. F. XEMIEDY.
S. K. OVERGARD
S. H. DANIELS.
M. MAKCUSE.
ABE JACOBS.
W. D. HARRINGTON.
J. F. MEYERS.
JACOB HEYMAN.
EDWARD A. KEXL, with
Goldberg, Bowen & Co.,
who was swo: -i in yester
day vifternuon.
Mrs. Cordelia Botkirr has won what
nay prove to be her first technical ad
vantage in her fight for life. Twelve
men were chosen and sworn yesterday
to try her for murder, and now one of
the dozen citizen judges that were se
lected is not in the Jury box. After the
twelve men had been accepted and had
taken the oath, one of them pleaded
that his conscience was more exacting
than the scrutiny of either the prosecu
tion or the defense. He declared his
belief that he could not try the woman
falrl v and he was excused. .
It is argued that when this Juror was
released the trial had actually begun.
It is claimed that when the last of the
twelve chosen men swore to be fair, the
case was actually in progress, and that
if one juror was excused all should
have been. There may be much or little
in the contention. A preponderence of
legal opinion i* r»«-n«n«»t. It, but it has
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
■■ «1 ■ BB
Warm Shampoos
With
And light dressings with
CUTICURA, purest of emol-
lient skin cures, will clear
the scalp and hair of crusts,
scales anddandruff,sootheir-
ritated and itching surfaces,
stimulate the hair follicles,
supply the roots with energy
and nourishment, and thus
produce luxuriant, lustrous
hair, with clean, wholesome
scalp, when all else fails.
Fnr C'tili Rach natn ' at rash - inflammations,
ror urn nasn lrTUatlonBi C ha nnK ,. un -
due or offensive perspiration and other sanative
BMft, nothing so soothing, purifying and re-
freshing as a bath with CUTICURA SOAP, the
most effective skin purifying and beautifying
•nap In the world, as well as purest and sweet-
est for toilet, bath and nursery.
Sold throughout the world. Price, CUTICURA
SOAP. 25c; CUTICURA (ointment). 50c. POT-
TER DRUG & CHEM. CORP., Sole Props.,
Boston. British Depot, 1 King Edward St.,
Ijondon. Depot Francals, 113 Faubourg St.
Honore, Paris. Send for "Face, Hands and
Hair Book," mailed tt—.
given the defense Its first slippery
foothold on the ground of technicality.
The trial of Mrs. Botkin promises to
rival that of Durrant in sensational in
terest. When omirt was about to open
yesterday morniner the corridors of the
second floor of the City Hall were
black with a surging, jostling, eager
crowd, greedy for the morbid satisfac
tion of a glimpse of the accused woman.
Men and wnn"- strutrslod for positions
near the entrance to Judge Cook's court.
They swayed, and moved, and muttered
coarse words of discontent at each others'
Incivility.
When the doors of the courtroom were
oprned these men and women rushed pell
mell for seats as animals might havt
done for a bone. Women scrambled
over the backs of benches, perched them
selves on seats and made their hasty, of
fensive way to places of. advantage. Men
almost fought their progress Into the
court of Justice to positions where they
could feast their morbid eyes upon the
leading actors in the case. The spectacle
was not pleasant.
The trial has already assumed a tinge
of the theatrical. The lawyers for the
defense and for the prosecution are al
reaofy posing. They seom to feel and
seek the value of notoriety that asso
ciation with a sensational case inevita
bly brings. Thus far neither side has
made even casual references to the vital
issue of the trial. Mrs. Botkin's attor
neys appear to be in no way concerned
over 'the terrible chain of circumstantial
evidence around her. They have indica
ted nothing of her claim of innocence ex
cept a general plea of not guilty. They
have created the impression that the wo
man will escape punishment for a crime
for the simple reason that under certain
conditions the laws of this State and ol
others are powerless to punish even mur
derers.
There is In the attitude of the attorneys
for the defense an air of defiance and of
almost careless confidence. The horrify
ing story of the cruel murder of two
women has been forgotten in the new in
terest created by an effort to prove the
laws of the nation inadequate for the pur
poses for which they were made. Every
endeavor has been made to give promi
nence to the idea that a woman accused
of murder will not seek to combat the
testimony against her but will try only
to show that the guilty cannot always be
punished.
This fact resulted yesterday In an ex
ceptionally dramatic scene. Twelve jurors
had been sworn and chosen. They were
acceptable both to the prosecution and
the defense. Even the stock questions
of the legal examiner had not been asked.
When a talesman was rejected it was
because he was palpably disqualified to
try any one for murder. Jurors were in
consequence accepted quickly— almost un
precedently so In a case where circum
stantial evidence will be the major part
of the testimony.
After the twelfth Juror had been swori
the clerk of the court arose to read tht
Indictment against Mrs. Botkin. The read
ing was suddenly and most unexpectedly
Interrupted by one of the jurors who had
been sworn to try the case. Colonel J. S.
Young arose in the jurybox and declared
that he could not conscientiously act as a
juror. He had satisfactorily answered
the questions of the defense and the
prosecution. He had been accepted under
the conditions of the loose examination
of both sides, but he assured the court
that not enough questions had been asked
of him.
Neither the defense nor the prosecution
had taken the pains to inquire if he knew
any of the witnesses in the case. He Is
lessee of the Russ House, where Detect
ive McVey, the State detective of Dela
ware, has resided since his arrival in the
city. Mr. Young has frequently con
versed with MeVey in reference to the
Botkin case. Opinions were naturally
created by these conversations, but
neither the prosecutors nor the defenders
of Mrs. Botkin saw fit to ask the ordinary
questions that would elicit the informa
tion. As Mr. Young understood legal pro-,
cedure he did not feel at liberty to vol
unteer. When he was finally presented
with the Issue, however, he declared that
he did not believe conscientiously that he
could serve as a Juror.
Young was at once excused by consent
and the jury, which had already been
completed, lacked one member. It is now
claimed that the release of Young was
made after the trial of Mrs. Botkin bad
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1898.
technically commenced and that If one
juryman was excused all the others
6hould have been. The defense is not yet
ready to Indorse this contention, but Mrs.
Botkin has been given her first advan
tage.
Young supplied yesterday practically
the only interesting incident or the day.
The questioning of talesmen has been de
scribed. It suggested nothing beyond the
simplest legal forms. The crowd watched
in close interest and the lawyers posed. A
titter swept the room when such men as
J. C. Stubbs and William H. Mills were
called as talesmen and everybody knew
they would not respond. One juror more
must be obtained and will probably be
chosen this morning, when the prosecu
tion will open its case and present its
witnesses. One of the interesting inci
dents of the case will be the appearance
of Mrs. Botkin on the witness stand. She
will make a general denial of the charge
against her.
Hours before Bailiff Wheeler opened the
door of Judge Cook's courtroom yester
day morning a curious crowd, made up
of all classes and conditions of people,
began to gather in the upper corridors of
the City Hall. Several women, intent
upon getting a glimpse of the famous
prisoner, struggled toward the entrance
to the tribunal, dragging or carrying a
child. These heedless mothers paid no
attention to the cries of the child as it
was squeezed and bruised by the surging
mob. When the door was unbolted at
9:50 o'clock the eager, waiting throng
rushed, stumbling and pushing to gain a
seat as near as possible to the table
where Mrs. Botkin and her attorneys sat.
Several deputy sheriffs, who had been de
tailed to reserve seats for talesmen, who
had been summoned, were compelled to
use harsh words and much strength in
preventing every inch of space in the
room from being taken. Women, disre
garding modesty, clambered over the
railing, which runs under the gallery,
dividing the courtroom, and women more
agik\ but equally indecent, rushed pell
mell for the chairs reserved for witneses.
In the gallery the flght for choice posi
tion to view the courtroom was equal to
a football game. The attache, who un
locked the door from the outside*, was
carried into the gallery and almost
thrown over the seats by the crowd back
of him. No deputy sheriff had been de
tailed to the gallery and for several min
utes it seemed as though a knockdown
and dragout scrap was In progress. A
couple or young women, who had waited
over an hour for the gallery to be opened,
failed to secure a seat and their plead
ings and protestations were made to deaf
pars. Their dresses were torn and their
hair disheveled in the melee and their
hats were ruined. Their dilapidated ap
pearance did not concern them at the
moment; they had come early, hoping to
get a plimpae of Mrs. Botkin and Dun
ning, and their desire being thwarted, they
were on the verge of hysteria. Clerk Tollo
and Bailiff Wheeler stood in front of the
Judge's desk, calling. "Sit down," "Sit
down." "Keep quiet," "Order in the
court," but their'voices were drowned for
a moment or two. Officers forced their
way into the noisy mob and separated
men who were about to fight over seats.
Finally a semblance or order was secured
and as the door to Judge Cook's chambers
opened, the bailiff rapped three times with
his gavel and In a moment the room was
fairly quiet.
During all this turbulence Mrs. Botkin
sat, indifferent and unmoved, in her usual
seat. Her sister, Dora, equally unper
turbed, gazed out of the window. While
the crowd was waiting the prisoner's
coming at the courtroom entrance Deputy
Sheriff Boyle had succeeded in smuggling
her into the room through the Judge's
chambers.
As soon as the ten jurors who were
sworn in the day before yesterday had
answered the rollcall, Judge Cook asked
for the Sheriff's return on the special
venire of twenty-five talesmen who were
ordered to appear for jury duty. The
clerk made a list of the names returned
and then called the roll. While this for
mality was in progress George Knight
and Assistant District Attorney Hosmer
were holdng an informal but very ani
mated discussion. The chief counsel for
the defense had learned over night that
Juror Samuel H. Daniels, the bank teller
was a warm personal friend of Chief of
Police Lees, and he objected to his pres
ence in the jurybox. Hosmer and Chief
I^ees resented the request of the defense
and Knight then declared in his emphatic
explosive manner: "Well, Hosmer, if you
won't consent to excusing Daniels I shall
exercise the right of peremptory chal
lenge ana give my reasons to the court
why the Juror should not remain in this
trial."
"You may do as you please," retorted
Hosmer. "I suppose you want a sensa
tion by this time?"
"Sensation or no sensation, Daniels
shall not remain on that jury," Knight
angrily declared, as he* took his seat be
side his associate, Mr. Wheeler.
Just as this little side show, which had
been an interesting pantomime to the
spectators, ended, John P. Dunning and
Joshua D. Deane, whose wives were
murdered, -elbowed through the crowd to
the table where the prosecuting officers
sat. Dunning took a seat with the news
paper .reporters, his back to the audience,
and Mr. Deane held a brief whispered con
versation with Attorney General White
Detective McVey and Chief Lees. Learn
ing that his presence would not be re
quired until to-day, he left and did not
return. Miss Josephine Bateman, another
Delaware witness, remained during the
morning session.
About 10:20 the clerk had completed the
roll call of the special venire of twenty
five, about eighteen of whom responded
to their names, and his Honor ordered the
attorneys to proceed with the examination
of talesmen. Mr. Hosmer gave a syn
opsis of the indictment of Mrs. Botkln,
and F. L. Hunter and I. W. Hellman Jr.
were called to the two vacant seats In
the jury box. Mr. Hunter was examined
and passed by the prosecution, and was
turned over to Mr. Knight, whose anger
over the Daniels incident waa una
bated. The talesman admitted that ne
had formed an opinion that the defendant
was guilty, and that evidence would De
required to remove it.
"Now. if you were the District Attorney
there and accused of murder, would you
like to be tried by twelve men in your
frame of mind?" shouted Mr. Knight.
Mr. Hosmer exploded violent objection.
MRS. BOTKIN WILL TAKE THE STAND.
MRS CORDELIA BOTKIN expresses the greatest satisfaction at the (
quick progress made toward securing a Jury which will she believes.
of thes^entlemen Ido hope the jury will be immediately completed, so
! the Si of the^se can actually commence, and that it will ~on be termi
nated. I would have been satisfied with any twelve honorable citizens .who
i. were not prejudiced against me as a consequence of the malicious false
hoods which have been published in the daily press since my name became
■ connected with this unhappy tragedy. Ever since the moment the first
i mention of suspicion reached me that I knew aught of the poisoning of the
i poor woman my consciousness of Innocence has sustained me during my
i incarceration, and in confronting the curious crowds of morbid persons
i who are so persistent in seeking a glance at me. (
i "I am thankful that my physical strength has been concomitant with (
i my good spirits. Despite the lack of fresh air and the coarse fare of the (
i prison my health is excellent, and as I knew this ordeal would not con- <
i tinue to any length of time, I have not worried more than any natural <
woman would worry under similar unpleasant circumstances. Added to my I
' knowledge of my own innocence the assurances of Messrs. Knight, Me- I
' Gowan & Wheeler, that my trial will be quickly over, and I shall go free, I
are most gratifying, and I feel an unalterable conviction within me that I (
will be exonerated of any blame." '
Mrs. Botkin would not discuss the evidence which was submitted <
against her during the extradition proceedings, nor would she utter a single i
word about Dunning or any other witness for the prosecution or the de- (
fense. In concluding the interview she said: <
"My attorneys have decided to give me an opportunity to refute the (
slanders against me, by placing me on the witness-stand, when the proper <
time arrives. This decision is very pleasing to me and I shall seize the (
chance without fear or hesitation. When this trial is over the world will <
know that I am free of guilt." <
c
which was sustained by the court and
then sought to argue the point.
"Question withdrawn, stt down, Hos
mer," thundered Mr. Knight.
"I won't sit down," retorted Hosmer,
and Knight endeavored to mollify his op
ponent by saying:
"We've got along very nicely until
now; don't get mad."
"You started it." said Hosmer. and then
began addressing the court. His Honor
ended the first bit of friction so far in
the trial by peremptorily ordering coun
sel to proceed. Mr. Hunter was then chal
lenged by the defense and excused.
Mr. Hellman would not inict a death
penalty on a woman, and he was excused
under the statute. James V. Coleman
pleaded exemption from Jury duty be
cause he is an attorney. George D. Clark
was challenged by the defense, and de
parted, pleased to escape an unpleasant
duty. O. D. Baldwin also had an opinion,
which secured his dismissal. F. P. Sher
man was unsatisfactory to Mr. Knight,
and Alexander Hamilton would not give
a verdict which imposed a death sentence
on a woman, and both left the box. Tales
man after talesman, taking a cue from
these gentlemen, made similar replies
when examined, and the names in the
jurybox were soon exhausted. Judge Cook
ordered another special venire of twenty
flve citizens and adjourned court until 2
p. m.
Spectators, who had been unable to se
cure a glimpse of Mrs. Botkln, waited
outside the courtroom to see her as she
left for the Sheriff's private office, where
her lunch is served during the noon re
cess. The defendant and her sister re
mained in their seats for over an hour
and then tried to escape the crowd by
going out through the Judge's chamber.
She passed out quickly and hurried down
the long hall. But before they reached the
turn the mob was chasing after them.
Women lifted their skirts and ran as fast
as they could to overtake the hurrying
prisoner and before the haven of refuge
was reached, a hundred gaping individ
uals surrounded her.
During the recess Attorneys Knight and
Hosmer apain consulted the case of Juror
Daniels and after explanations were made
by Chief Lees, the defendant's attorney
withdrew his obiection and Mr. Daniels
will be one of the twelve arbiters of Mrs.
Botkin's fate.
At 2 o'clock the crowd awaiting admis
sion to the trial was double that of the
morning and was more eager and impa
tient to see the prisoner. Profiting by the
experience of the first session the bailiffs
were prepared to hold the crowd in check,
and very little disturbance occurred.
The examination of talesmen was re
sumed immediately after court recon
vened and continued uninterruptedly until
the jurybox was again almost exhausted.
Attorney Knight tried to facilitate mat
ters by declining to examine talesmen
passed by the prosecution and using
peremptory challenges when he was
dissatisfied with the juror. When
the names were almost exhausted
Colonel J. S. Young, proprietor of the
Russ House, and E. A. Keil of Gold
berg. Bowen & Co. were called. Both
gentlemen were satisfactory to all par
ties and they were sworn In to their ap
parent displeasure and annoyance. Then
occurred the most remarkable Incident of
this or any other murder case in the his
tory of California juries. As the lawyers
were preparing for the actual beginning
of the trial Colonel Young arose and ad
dressed the court, saying ho had not been
asked the required questions under the
law and he felt his conscience would not
permit him to act as a Juror where a hu
man life was at stake. He had read the
case and discussed it with witnesses and
begged to be excused. He was again ex
amined as to the state of his mind and
excused by consent. Mr. Keil remained in
the box, making the eleventh juror.
Several more talesmen were examined,
but none qualified and the venire was
again exhausted. Ten more citizens will
be drawn this morning, and without
doubt the jury will be completed and the
opening statement of the prosecution
made before noon.
All the witnesses are ordered to be
present at 10 a. m. to-day.
During the day the following citizens
were excused or challenged and thereby
escaped serving on the jury: George Net
well, challenged by Knight; Isaac Baer,
challenger by Hosmer; Fred Bowman, not
on the assessment roll; B. P. Flint, chal
lenged by Knight; C. T. Spader, chal
lenged by Knight; Thomas S. Williams,
deafness; H. H. Young, opposed to cir
cumstantial evidence; l*. L. Dodge, chal
lenged by Knight; George B. Warren,
opposed to death penalty on a woman;
Luman Waunam, bias; Samuel Bernstein,
opposed to death penalty in all cases;
George Lederer, the same reason;- Peter
Schlego, infirmity; L. .tx. Haas, disquali
fied. Among those eaUed, who did not
answer were: W. H. Mills and J. C
Stubbs of the Southern Pacific, and Major
Hooper of the Occidental Hotel.
Trunks and Valises.
Another shipment of our fine trunks
and valises arrived yesterday. On sale to
day in leather goods department. San
born, Vail & Co., 741 Market street- •
Gustav Gump's Will.
The will of Gustav Gump, the well
known art dealer, who died November 30,
was Hied for probate yesterday. The
value of decedent's estate has not yet
been determined, except that it exceeds
$10,000. The entire estate is bequeathed
Mrs. Fannie Gump, widow of the testa
tor, whf) is named as executrix, to serve
without bonds.
Pennsylvania Makes Changes.
A. S. Holt of Cincinnati will on the first
of the year take charge of the general
freight and passenger departments of the
Pennsylvania Railroad In this city, re
lieving William de Bell, who has been in
charge of the company's offices here for
the past ten years. The fact was made
known yesterday, when Mr. de Bell was
notified by dispatch that such a change
would be made on the first of the year.
It is said that the Pennsylvania Company
in the future will pay more attention to
the building up of its freight traffic. Mr.
de Bell is one of the best-known railroad
men in the city and one of the most ef
ficient, and it Is not improbable that he
will identify himself with some other
road, possibly the Southern Pacific.
From Chicago. New York, Boston, we
deliver to all points c Testa Blanca wines.
Order Xmas presents now. Wetmore-
Bowen Co.. 410 Post St., S. F. •
An Artist's Reception.
An interesting exhibition will be given
by the pupils of the Solly Walter School
of Illustration on Friday, December 16,
from 2 to 5 p. m., at the studio, 26 O"Far
rcll street. Mr. and Mrs. Walter, as
sisted by the pupils, will receive the
guests There will be a programme of
exceptional interest, in which numbers
by Miss Roper, Donald de V. Graham,
Robert Beln, Mr. Stewart, Mr. Stark and
Garber.
Judge Borden's Estate.
A petition for letters of administration
upon the estate of the late Judge Borden
was filed yesterday by Ivey L. Borden
The estate of decedent consists of real
estate in this city and Oakland, valued
at about $1600. There is also personal prop
erty worth about $350. Judge Borden died
Intestate. The heirs of his estate are Mrs
Juliet E. Borden, mother of the deceased"
and his brother, the petitioner.
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKY Is
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because It is pure.
Confiscated Fishing Gear.
Deputy Fish Commissioner John Davia
1b making things lively and expensive for
the illicit fishermen of the upper bay. On
Sunday he dragged the Napa Creek in the
launch Quinnat, and was rewarded by
fastening on a section of Bturgeon line.
The next day he was so successful as to
I secure twenty sections, 100 feet to the
section, besides four anchors, near Mc
'. Nears Landing. During the past month
ior bo the deputies have connscated
nearly $1000 worth of sturgeon gear In the
I upper waters of the bay.
Allan e?erV n'itthi ! We cordiali irwite parents to bring their children to
Upcll CTCIJ Hlglll I see our real, live Santa Claus;.he entertains you in his
Arctic quarters from 9 to 11 in the morning and 7 to 9
in the evening; a box of candy to every child; Santa
Claus asks every child to write to him, care of Hate's.
msC _/S| now is a "^PPY #^M^3
liroeJ|^toY^dolls, and %Jsjm\%
jacket^ store open &WJ) J^\
every night till Xrnas^l^^'^
xmas gifts in all their glory: even to
hint at them makes a famous story:
f nv<; Kesner kid bod y do " bisc ue
*-*jy^* head, closing eyes, sewed wig,
shoes and stockings, 17 inches high..sl
a complete china tea set of 20
pieces $1
a complete kitchen set, with utensils...
;. 45c
a complete washerwoman's set, 6
piece 5......... $1
• an iron body and steel-wheeled wagon,
body 20x10 $1
a complete tool chest, 17 inches long,
19 tools $2.50
f\i in our new and hu S
exniuu vi basement; in an ad-
o-'imP^ vertisement of this
o*****^^ size we cannot men-
tion as fully as we would wish; our
prices must be right, for we are selling
so rapidly we advise you to buy early and
get first pick.
I vrpt* celebrated Rogers' 1847
SIIVCI war6i Fancy pattern tea
nra i<n spoons, 6 in kid case, satin
Ware> lined .\..52.00
set of 6 table knives and forks, satin
finish, in kid case, satin lined $4.50
perfumery.
perfumery, per ounce 45c
Hudnut's sachet, violet and heliotrope,
ounce 25C
Hudnut's premiere face poudre. ...50c
Hudnut's face preparations purest, best,
many say.
the goods we sell "don't come back! "
furthermore, the goods we advertise are those we sell.
Santa Clans & Male's, United,
937-939-941-943-945-947 Market Street.
goods sent anywhere. send orders early.
REFUSED HIS
OFFER TO FIX
A FELONY CASE
Attempted Bribery in
the Police Court.
PETER VERRE THE ACCUSER
SAYS HE WA6 APPROACHED BY
A CORPULENT MAN.
Sensational Developments Expected
in the Case of Alice Flynn,
Who Is Charged Witn r
Larceny.
The police are looking for a "stout
man," who attempted to bribe Peter
Verre, the complaining witness in the
case of Alice Flynn, charged with grand
larceny. On the night of November 30
Verre, who is employed as a cook at St.
Mary's College, was In a salmon on Mc-
Allister street, opposite the City Hall,
when he was introduced to the Flynn
woman. She claimed that one of the
deputies in the Registrar's office owed
her considerable money, and that he had
sent for her, intending to liquidate the in
debtedness. Verre had about $120 in his
pockets, and after buying several rounds
of drinks, he suggested that the woman
"take a walk" with him. She readily
acquiesced, and after visiting several
other saloons they finally brought up in
a lodging house on Turk street. Verre
fell asleep, and when he awoke, several
hours later, his well-filled wallet was
gone, as well as the woman. Convinced
that she had taken It, he hastily dressed
himself and went in search of a police
man. The latter notified Detectives Gib
son and Wren, who, after considerable
trouble, located the woman, and charged
her with grand larceny.
Last Tuesday the case was called in De
partment Two of the Police Court. After
listening to the statement of Verre, Judge
Conlan held the woman to answer In
$2000 bonds.
Rumors of an attempt being made to
"square" the complaining witness were
rife, but for want of corroborative evi
dence the matter was allowed to drop.
Last night Verre visited police head
quarters and confirmed the report that
he had been approached by a "stout man"
Just before he entered Judge Conlan's
court, who pretended to know him.
He asked him not to take the stand
against Mrs. Flvnn, after promising to
see that he obtained at least half of xhe
money he lost.
"As it stands, now," he remarked, ' your
money is not worth 50 cents on the dollar.
Have the case dismissed and I'll see that
you get a part dT your money back."
Verre refused his offer and testified
against the woman, with the result that
she was held for trial before the Superior
'After thinking the matter over Verre
concluded to notify the police of the at
tempt to bribe him. To-day an effort will
be made to ascertain the identity of the
"atout man" who approacnea him.
hnnl^Q over 30 ° to select from;
KfXJKJtK^i. school-teachers have found
; this a very r choice and representative
lot of holiday books.
little A B C, on linen- 5e
Kris Kringle, in gold and colors,2oc
Giant and Dwarf 5c
Mother Goose, in boards 25c
Puss in Boots 10e
Little Red Riding Hcod.. 10c
Old King Cole, linen.. ....20c
Cinderella m 10c
Old Mother Hubbard She Went
. to the Cupboard. 5c
m i 1 1 i n e r v toda y we place on
liuiiiiici y. exnjbjtion new ,. Vi .
rot" Turbans; probably the reigning fad
of the present millinery season in Paris
and the East, Our other millinery ex-
hibits are worthy of inspection.
qpf rich satin bureau sets — of
hand-embroidered cushion
coods the lon^' narrow ° nes s °
o popular), and two bottles
trimmed with lace and ribbon; a hand-
some present for a lady $4.50
21 ladies in our art department; sales-
ladies to sell and ladies to make up any
fancy work to your order; give your
hints and unite their tastes with yours;
good thing to know !
something we had a window
r5UlllCtlllI1 & dressed last even-
striking ing with gents' fur-
ailJlVlllg nishings — collars,
cuffs, ties; if you look at it you will get
somewhat of an idea how we ar*»
reaching out for family trade.
8-DAY SPECIALS!
We are continuing our sale of Placer -
County Navel Oranges at 25c a '
dozen — warranted sweet. Else*-
where 50c a dozen.
BROMAN6ELON, pkg .......|oc
Makes a delicious dessert Jelly, absolutely
pure, 5 flavors; regular price 15c.
FLUID BEEF (Burnham's), b« on* bet.. 4oc
One bottle makes . a delicious cup of beef
tea, already seasoned; regular price 60c
IDEAL COFFEE, Ib - .-30 c; 2 lbs — 55c
This is our famous No. 3 blend; extremely
delicious and regularly sold at 35c.
OK BOURBON 75c; 3 bots.... $2
Gallon $3
I A thoroughly matured 9-year-old whisky,
for family use and medicinal purpose; reg-
ular price $1 00 and *4 00. X
WITCH HAZEL, bottle 25c
Cures cuts, burns, chaps, etc '
HOLLAND HERRINGS, 7 for 25c
Fancy new stock, all milcheners; regular
price 5 for 25c. .. • ■ . :.
COMPLETE LINE OF HOLIDAY GOODS.
CATALOGUE FREE. .
21 STOCKTON ST., 3253 FILLMORE ST.,
Near Market. Corner Lombard.
Telephone Main 5522. Telephone Vest 161.
CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIME. I
XMAS IS COMING. I
We store gifts to be delivered in seasonable ■
time. ' :;•"«■• X
SPECIAL THIS WEEK: J
CHILD'S WILLOW ROCKER, tfj CA fi
The Good Strong Kind, vl»«)" ' I;
; ■ Then we have other rockers for the rest of. \
the folks— Rockers chuck full of comfort imi
Stnd for Booklets. - " ; t*
THE J.WOONAN [
' FURNITURE COMPANY, Inc. i
1017 to 1023 MISSION ST. H
" : Above Sixth; " ||
5 Phone South' 14. *■'.;■' Open Evening!. ■ Q
m