VOLT ME LXXXIII.— NO. 94.
WILETT CONFRONTED IN
JAIL BY THE MAN TO
WHOM HE CONFESSED
HE DOES NOT
DENY GABRIEL'S
ACQUAINTANCE
But He Is the Most
Nonchalant of
Murderers.
Boasting of His Crimes
May Send Him to the
Gallows.
For All That He Cannot For
bear Indulgence in Brag
gadocio.
SOME TALES HE TELLS.
Makes Himself One of the Worst
Men Who Ever Wore Leg
Irons.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY, March 3.— More
nonchalant criminal never lay on prison
pallet than James Wilett, who was
landed in the Redwood City Jail this
morning. He is the last of the trio
wanted for participation in the mur
der of C A. Andrews at Baden on No
vember J7 last year.
He was seen under circumstances t<~.
d-ay that "would have presumably shak
en, the nerve of the stoutest hearted.
The only manifestation he made was to
quietly open and shut his remarkable
blue-gray eyes, as if the light that came
in with the opening of the cell door
had affected them.
In la* Call of to-day was published
exclusively an interview with Edward
Gabriel, to whom Wilett had told with
graphic detail the story of the mur
der at Baden. In the story he told to
Gabriel Wilett had confessed that he
had ordered Moore to "pump it into
them"; that Moore had shot and had
Killed Andrews.
In company with a reporter of The
Call, Gabriel visited Wilett in his cell.
As soon as Deputy Sheriff H. F. Butts
had swung open the door of Wilett'a
cell Gabriel entered. Wilett, who had
been lying- with his face turned from
the door, rolled over to see who had en
tered. His eyes rested on his former
employer, of whom he had made an un
solicited confidant, and to wham he had
confessed his terrible crime. Not a
glance nor a muscle indicated that
1 here had been any recognition on the
..irt cf the prisoner. Neither spoke for
it least a minute. They simply looked
one another's eyes, and it seemed
lt be a duel between them.
Gabriel broke the oppressive silence.
"Don't you know me?" he asked.
"I guess I have seen you before some
where," slowly answered the recumbent
man, showing little apparent interest
in his visitor.
For a while the conversation dragged,
but soon Wilett thawed out. He de
clined to make any statement relative
to the tragedy at Baden, but said he
was willing to answer questions on any
other matter. He did not want to talk
about his case until he hart seen his
friends and had obtained an attorney.
He wanted to communicate with an un
cle In Texas, who he thought would
help him. He dictated the following
telegram, and it was duly sent:
Redwood City, March 3, 1898.
George Loving, El Paso, Texas— Am in
Jail, In serious trouble. Would like to
have an attorney. JAMES WILETT.
. He said he had not seen the publish
ed report of Moore's confession and
would like to hear what Moore had had
to say. He was told in detail, but he
refused to either confirm or deny any
part of it. He was particularly ques
tioned as to whether Winters, one of the
men who has been already condemned
to death, was implicated in the affair.
His only answer was:
"You know I have my neck in a sling
and you don't want me to hang my
self, do you? I will tell you what I
know at the right time, and if I have i
to swing we will all three swing to- |
gether. I don't want to talk about my I
case until I have an attorney. I don't !
want to be put in a position where I
may lator have to contradict anything j
I may now say if I were to make a
statement.*'
j When asked if he would tell how he
came to allow himself to be taken
without offering resistance he gave a I
good-humored grin, as if he were tell
ing of a successful practical joke that
.; had been played upon some one else.
: ' fi V* a f Sunda he began, "I was
" : Fork AH?" th . c depOt platform at Ash
..Fork Ariz, hen Sheriff Ruffner came
••■ eL t 1 " 6 &nd Bald * 'Hello. Jim. lam
•£ked h ? cc yy U "' * looked at him and
■ } H?««fJ ln L what he Wanted with me.
' fnlu ™' »C.» C .° me around here/ and he
. took me into the depot warehouse to j
■: examine me and compare me with a
: . photograph he held in his hand. He
...had another man with him. and he had
.his hand at his hip. where I knew he
: carried a gun. He is a quick man on
the trigger I had heard of him and
. knew who he was. Anyway, I had
The San Francisco Call
nothing: on me, but even if I had it
would have done me no good. He put
the shackles on me and took me to the
Klondike saloon. From there we took
the train to Prescott, where we arrived
about 6 o'clock Sunday night. We left
for this place at 4 o'clock Monday
morning.
"I came on without giving them any
trouble. You know I could have com
pelled them to get out requisition pa
pers, but I didn't care to cause any de
lay, so I signed a paper that I would
go willingly."
Here his grin broadened, and the
cause of it was told in the following
significant story, which showed how
this man's nerve and cunning never de
serted him:
"On our way up here from Pres
cott," he said, " we stopped over at
Ash Fork and went to the Klondike
salocn. We had a few drinks there —
the Sheriff and myself and some three
or four cowboys — and then the Sheriff
ordered me to go and sit behind the
bar. I had shackles on my feet, but
my hands were free. I sat in a
rocker behind the bar. Looking about
me I spied a revolver about a foot
long, of 44 caliber, lying on a shell
under the counter. I rocked myself,
and gradually edged near to the gun.
When I lifted it up it caught on the
1 raised edge of the shelf, and I guess
! the barkeeper must have heard the
; noise. I was watching him, and I no
ticed that a sudden change came over
i his face. I had an overcoat on that
the Sheriff loaned me, and I slipped
the gun into one of the pockets of the
j coat. Soon after the Sheriff asked for
j the coat, and I had to give it up and
| with it the gun. I guess the bar
keeper must have given me away tc
the Sheriff. I could have killed the
Sheriff then, but it would have done
me no good, and I have no feeling
against the Sheriff, because he was
simply doing his duty. He asked me
why I took the gun. He said people
didn't pack those toys around just for
the fun of the thing. I told him that
I intended to wait until we erot out on
the train to about Bagdad, when I
proposed to make him take off my
shackles by getting the drop on him.
He told me that forty guns held to his
head would not have induced him to
do that, and I guess that's so. I
didn't sleep well on the train on ac
count of the shackles, but the Sheriff
did not get any sleep at all during the
entire trip to San Francisco, where he
turned me over to Sheriff Mansfield. "
After having worked himself into
good humor by this relation, he
warmed up to Gabriel and began of
his own accord talking of mutual ac
quaintances and matters in and about
Salida and Ripon, where he had
worked for Gabriel. He asked to be
allowed to talk to Gabriel alone, but
this the Deputy Sheriff could not
permit. When Willett was working
for Gabriel after the murder at Baden,
he had told Gabriel that he might b
arrested, and that if he were he wan
ed Gabriel to bring him some poiso
concealed in a plug of tobacco. Th
had come to the knowledge of th
Deputy Sheriff.
Wllett said that he was known by h
right name in Ash Fork, as he ha
lived there before. He believed tha
some one in 'Ash Fork who knew h
name had written to Sheriff Mansfield
At the time of his arrest he was en
gaged in chopping wood about three
miles outside of Ash Fork.
Murderer Wilett Confronted by Gabriel.
THE SUSPECT AND HIS SIGNATURE-
He said he had no objection to giving '
a statement of his movements before <
and after the date of the tragedy at j
Baden. This was it: "I left Oakland
about the 20th of October. The first j
place I stopped and worked at was Sa- j
llda, where I worked for this man j
(pointing to Gabriel). I started to work
for him the day after Thanksgiving. I j
worked for him about eighteen days, j
didn't I, Ed" he remarked, addressing
Gabriel. He then continued: "The next
place I worked was at Ash Hill, Cal.,
driving a team for the Langtry grading
outfit. I worked there twelve or four
teen days. From there I went to Hack
berry, Ariz., where I also drove a team
for a grading outfit. I worked there
about twenty-three days. The next
place was about three miles out of Ash
Fork, on the road to Williams, where I
chopped wood. I was working there
about three weeks when I was arrested.
I never chopped wood before, but I did
the best thing I could get hold of. I
made about $2 a day at this work. And
the next place I landed was right back
here in California."
He ended with another of his charac
teristic grins. Wilett admitted that he
knew both Winters and Moore, and
said that he had made Moore's ac
quaintance at Folsom. Winters he had
first met in San Francisco. When asked
why he had made these frequent
changes in residence he replied that he
was trying to reach old Mexico, and
that he would have got there in about
another week.
SAX FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, MARCH 4, 1898.
James Wilett the alleged accomplice
of Moore, alias Raymond, in the mur
der of Charles A. Andrews at the
Grand Central Hotel in Baden last
November, is a disciple of the famous
Jack Sheppard. He loves crime for
the excitement and adventure it car
ries with it. He delights to boast of
his criminal escanades and glories in
the criminal record of his family. He
tells the stories of his plundering ad
ventures and in th telling of them
he points to himself as a hero much
above the plane of the ordinary being.
"It's fun to hold up a man," he says,
"and there are many ludicrous sides of
the simple act of stopping a person
on the street with a jingle in his
pocket and taking his coin away from
him."
To E. A. Gabriel, a rancher of Salida,
who employed him for several days
harvesting a crop of potatoes a few
days after the murr l - at Baden Wil
ett confided the stories of many of
his escapades. Gabriel believed the
man was only boasting and for several
days paiw little attention to his tales.
Then he notified the local police officer,
who began an investigation of his
stories, but by the time proof reached
him that the boaster was a criminal
Wilett had disappeared.
One of Wilett's favorite stories was
of how he had robbed a man in Los
Angeles about seven years ago. He
had then just been released from Fol
Contintied on Third Pas*.
HAVANA PEOPLE
ARE TALKING NOW
OF WAR TO COME
TORPEDO THEORY STRENGTHENED.
NEW YORK, March 3.— The Herald's Washington corre
spondent telegraphs : Theories that the Maine was destroyed by
a stationary submarine mine on the' bottom of Havana harbor
are much weakened by the information which 1 received to-day
tending to support General Weyler's declaration to the Madrid
correspondent of the Herald that no mine has been laid down in
the harbor of Havana.
1 was informed that the Navy Depirtment has evidence that
on the night after the arrival of the Main; in the harbor Cap
tain Sigsbee had a careful investigation made by means of a steam
launch and a drag at the end of a line to ascertain whether there
was a mine of any kind below the ship. I was told the investi
gation covered all the area in which the ship would drift in
swinging at her moorings with the changing tide. Nothing sus
picious was found, according to my informant.
This information has not in any way strengthened the theory
that an accident insiJe the ship was responsible for her destruction.
That is too completely contradicted by the evidence which has
already been submitted to the Court of Inquiry, as shown by the
Herald's dispatches from Havana and Key West.
With the accidnt theory eliminated and with the evidence
tending to show that there was no stationary mine below the ship,
the theory that is strengthened to-night is that the external ex
plosion, which was the primary cause of the destruction of the
ship, was caused by a torpedo of some description— not neces
sarily an automobile torpedo, such as could have been launched
from the Spanish cruiser Alfonso 111, lying in the harbor near the
Main?, but possibly a torpedo arranged to float down upon the ves
sel with the tide and explode on contact.
MERRITT PUTTING
THE DEFENSES IN
SHAPE FOR WAR
The General Commanding the
Department of the East Pro
poses to Be Ready for
Any Emergency.
NEW YORK, March 3.—Major
1 General Wesley Merritt, command
ing the United States army in the
Department of the East, returned to
Governors Island to-day, cutting
short his trip to the fortifications and
military posts in his command and
hurrying home to look after more
pressing work connected with the
protection of the Atlantic Coast and
preparation for possible trouble. He
was accompanied by Lieutenant
Strother, his aid. They left this city
nine days ago and expected to be ab
sent more than two weeks.
There was surprise at Governors
Island when it was learned the Gen
eral was coming back so soon, and
the unususl activity found there this
afternoon seemed to indicate that or
ders for quick work were ahead of
him. On the stone pier, near the
regular landing on the eastern end
of the island, 300 projectiles were
lying and sixty-five military pris
oners spent the afternoon loading
them, with the aid of a derrick, on a
Baltimore and Ohio Eailroad barge.
The work was not completed to
night, but by noon to-morrow this
ammunition will be speeding south
ward. It is destined for Key West.
The projectiles are fcr the eight, ten,
■ twelve and thirteen inch guns, and
' in Key West they will be kept until
' wanted by the fleet now in the neigh
boring waters. The lightest of these
projectiles weighs 650 pounds and
the heaviest 1000 pounds.
Key West is becoming the objec
tive point of department activity,
and as soon as he has completed the
work that brought him back in such
haste, General Merritt will go there
to inspect the post and see what is
needed to make it as perfect a sta
tion as possible. General Merritt
visited Fort McPherson, in Atlanta;
Fort Barrancas, in Pensacola, and the
Jackson Barracks, at the mouth of
the Mississippi.
"I found everything in fine
shape " he said, "and was much
pleased with the condition of the
euns and the efficiency of the men.
I shall be here for a few days and
then will go direct to Key West.
From there I shall probably proceed
to San Augustine."
General Merritt declined to say
whether there was any unusual sig
nificance in his visit to Key West, ;
but said that one of the objects of \
his next trip will be to learn about
transportation facilities and the con
ditions at Key West, which may
make it a center of operations in case
of trouble.
San Rosa Rio, in consequence of
the general's inspection of Southern
defenses, has at last become a gar
risoned post, and it is the intention
of the Government to put men in the
fortifications that are equipped with
modern guns just as soon as the
ordnance department turns them
over to General Merritt. San Rosa
Rio has fine equipment of guns and
mortars, but not enough men to
work them. After General Merritt'a
visit to Fort Barrancas, twenty men
and an officer were sent from there
to San Rosa Bio.
CONSUL GENERAL LEE
CABLES THE PRESIDENT.
NEW YORK, March 3.— The Her
ald's Washington correspondent tele
graphs: It was said here to-day that
Consul-General Lee had cabled direct
to the President yesterday that there
was no longer any doubt the Maine was
destroyed by an external explosion.
The dispatch, it was said, had led to
conferences at the White House yester
day and to-day.
While the report that Consul-General
Lee had sent such a dispatch to the
President could not be confirmed at the
White House, it is known, as it has
been in the Herald, that Consul-General
Lee has cabled the State Department
that it was his opinion the ship was de
stroyed by an external agency. This
information, of course, has been con
veyed to the President, and he is in pos
session of Consul-General Lee's opinion
and the circumstantial evidence which
he summarized as supporting it.
The Consul-General's cablegrams on
this subject have done much toward
confirming the conviction in official
circles that the Maine was not blown uo
by internal explosion primarily.
Though Consul - General Lee's
opinion has much weight in official
circles, the administration is careful not
to in any way indicate that an official
opinion has been arrived at of any kind.
I The President will wait for the report
of the Court of Inquiry before forming
any such opinion, and he will then have
to determine upon the line of action
which it will impose upon his adminis
tration.
There is no change in the opinion
generally held among high officials of
the administration that the controversy
can be settled by diplomatic means, as
it is believed Spain will concede to such
demands as the United States may have
to make.
Officials of the State and Navy de
partments now expect that the report
of the court of inquiry will be forwarded
to Washington about the middle of next
week. This will not remove all dancer
of trouble, however, for the trouble
some Cuban question still remains, with
the sentiment in Congress [ n favor of
intervention in behalf of the Cubans
increased by the disaster to the Maine.
In this connection there is considerable
discussion of the plan of intervention
to induce Cubans to accept autonomy,
which has been outlined in the Herald
and which has the approval of some
of the members of the Cabinet. The
official who first proposed this plan and
formulated its details said to me to
day:
"The cases of Great Britain and her
colonies and of Spain and Cuba are not
parallel. The colonies had been fitted
by long continuance of practical auton
omy for self-government, and if Cuba
is to be eventually independent it would
be better for her if it should come
somewhat slowly.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
LOADING
SHELLS FOR
THEJIESERTE:
Spaniards Believe tha
Hour to Fight Is
at Hand.
No Further Manifestations
of Hostility Toward
Americans.
Even the Volunteers Hold
Themselves in Check for
the Battlefield.
FOR PROCTOR'S BENEFIT.
Tha Cuban Insurgents Arranga a
Show For of the Distinguished
Senator From Vermont
Copyrighted, IS9B, by James Gordon Bennett.
KEY WEST, Fla., on board
the special Herald-Call dispatch
steamer Albert F. Dewey. March
3. — Havana was loading shells in
its reserve magazines and talking
about war and next Sunday's
bull fight when the Dewey
steamed out past Morro to-day.
The activity in the batteries and
the talk of the officers convince
one that the Spanish believe the
hour of hostilities is near at. :
hand. Americans walk the streets
unmolested. Publicly there is ■;•
no sign of the hatred toward
them known to be felt by the
.'olunteeTs ~nd lowti classes, and
which crops out from time to
time.
The arrival of more Spanish .
warships is eagerly awaited by
the most loyal element. The vol
unteers are more restless.
So much for the city. As to ;
the Maine, the tell-tale plates .
from her bottom found yester
day confirm more fully the
theory now accepted as proven
by Americans that only an out- '
side explosion could have caused *
the disaster. A report has been -
circulated in Havana for two '
days that the loss of the ship has : -
Deen already officially set down -
as due to a submarine mine be- :•,
cause of the latest discoveries ' ',
made by the divers, and that a ,
dispatch to that effect has been "
sent from Havana to Washiner
ton. The fact is the official de- "
cision regarding the matter can "
come only from the Court of In- "
quiry, and the latest information -
secured by the divers is in pos- -
session of witnesses who have -
not been heard by the court <
since the discoveries were made. «
The nature of the latest developments,
nevertheless, has been told by the Her
ald. All the work done recently at the
wreck tends to confirm the theory of
Powelson, fully outlined in the Herald,
the publication of which caused a sensa
tion here. Since I cabled regarding; the
breaking of the keel and its being: found
in two sections, three more plates, the.
natural position of which was near the
keel, have been found in debris near the
present highest point of the wreckage,
which is nearly thirty feet from where
they belong.
The work done by the Spanish divers
for Blanco's Court of Inquiry yesterday
caused much comment amone Ameri
cans engaged at and near the wreck.
One of them went down alone in the
morning. He descended at a point
about forty feet from that part of the
ship where the mine is believed to have
been located, and went around to that
spot. He remained down only fifteen
minutes. It was thought this man
sought traces of a mine, or perhaps evi
dence tending to show an inside ex
plosion, and it was reported that two
others who spent an hour under the
water in the afternoon found something:
which they accepted as supnorting such
a theory. This the American divers re
gard as both impossible and absurd, as
they have had only one tneory since
they began work, and that has been that
the explosion was from the outside.
As to the fact that the initial explo
sion was due to a mine under the ship,
American naval officers and residents
have been satisfied for days. The dis
cussion here now is mainly concerning
the direct responsibility and whether the
mine was placed after or before the
Maine was assigned to that particular
anchorage. .
In this connection I notice a more
temperate tone on the part of Americans
in discussing the affair than a few days
ago. It is now known that neither Lee
nor Sigsbee believes the highest Span
ish officials had any knowledge of a plot
or any intention to injure the Maine. An
American whose view of the matter
would have great weight in Washington,2
because of his position here, told me last
night. that every one who knew of the
discoveries so far regarded the Herald s
outline of Powelson's testimony as most
admirable. He added that he thought it
possible a mine may have been placed
after the ship anchored, and pointed out
that she swung from a buoy and might
circle it through varying conditions of
wind and tide. It was -ossible that
when she lay due south of the buoy on
;.a ; ; dark night a rowboat could have
reached a position north of the buoy,
where the ship might be a few hours
later. He said this pending a definite
settlement of the question whether the
harbor is mined and it was known at
the palace that the Maine was placed
over explosives.
Senator Proctor yesterday saw a lively
. 'engagement between a band of 250 in
surgents and an equal number of Span
ish infantry. This took place almost
within Matansas on the street, where
the Senator was later a~~roached by a
messenger from General Gomez, who
openly proclaimed his identity and mis
sion. He brought greeting from Gomez
for the distinguished American, and
promised to deliver to the General any
reply that might be sent. Senator Proc
tor, however, thought best not to risk
entangling himself. The details of Proc
tor's trip to Matanzas could not be sent
over the direct cable last night, and the
Havana papers were not allowed to refer
to the matter. The fact seems to be that
the insurgents learned of the Senator's
plans and arranged a demonstration for
his benefit. His train had hardly left
the suburbs of Havana before fires were
seen springing up in the canefields on all
sides. This was kept up all along the
route where there was cane to burn. As
a result of his experiences Proctor last
night, in conversation, expressed his be
lief that it was impossible for Spain to
regain sovereignty over the island, no
matter what course was pursued by the
United States. This opinion was based
upon the confession of the Spanish au
thorities that the condition of affairs
grows more serious the farther eastward
one penetrates. The Senator, for this
reason, has given up the idea of a more
extensive trip through the island, and
unless his present plans are changed will
take a boat for home on Saturday. His
trip yesterday was made at the sugges
tion of Clara Barton, and he was ac
companied by the British Vice-Consul
and several Red Cross agents. About
twenty miles this side of Matanzas the
train slowed down, running not much
faster than a man could walk. It was
learned that the wires had been cut and
the trainmen feared to run into a dyna
mite bomb. Brisk firing was heard
about a mile back from the road and a
lively skirmish could be seen between a
force of 250 insurgents and an equal
number of regulars. The fight was still
going on when the train drew out of
sight, but on the return trip the train
was stopped near the scene of the con
flict and the wounded soldiers were
taken aboard. From one of the wounded
soldiers it was learned that after the
train passed the insurgents withdrew,
taking their wounded. The Spanish were
content to hold the field and did not
pursue.
In Matanzas Senator Proctor was the
guest of Consul Brice, who freely ex
pressed his mind on the condition of
affairs in the province. A visit was paid
to Convent Monserrat. where same re
concentrados are being cared for. The
convent overlooks the Yumuri Valley,
which, the Senator says, presents an ap
pearance of desolation and destruction,
such as was not seen even in the South
during the civil war.
The Senator expressed to me much
surprise at the open manner in which he
was approached by a messenger from
Gomez and also by other agents of the
Cubans, who apparently had no fear of
the Spanish authorities, talking of the
insurrection as if it could by no pos
sibility be of interest to the government.
The return from Matanzas was made
without incident other than bringing in
some wounded insurgents.
All sorts of wild rumors are current
about the demonstration which may be
made by the volunteers when the
Almtrante Oquendo arrives. She is
expected daily. A meeting of volunteer
officers was held last night in the Mil
itary Club, and a messenger was sent
to General Parado with the announce
ment that unless assurances were
given that the volunteers would not be
disbanded or disarmed, as contemplat
ed by the autonomist platform, they
could not be held responsible for the
action of the men, who were declared
to be in the mood for desperate meas
ures to secure their rights. It was in
timated that the arrival of the
Oquendo would be seized upon as the
proper occasion for a Weyler demon
stration. An attempt was made also
to obtain audience with Captain-Gen
eral Blanco, but the latter pleaded ill
ness and referred the matter to 'Gen
eral Parado. General Parado clearly
demonstrated the fear the palace au
thorities have of the volunteers as an
organization by giving them prompt
assurance that the report was untrue
and the volunteers would be continued
as they are organized at present. Gen
eral Parade admitted that in giving
this assurance he was making it im
possible to treat with the insurgents,
to whom the disarming of the volun
teers is a great bait, but he declared
that the pacification of Cuba by force
of arms would soon be completed. The
colonels of volunteers demanded that
the pledge be made in writing, and this
was done. General Parado addressing
a personal note to the senior officer of
the organization. Colonel Conde Diana.
This was read at the meeting in the
Military Club and created great en
thusiasm.
I am unable to Judge the effect of
this concession to the volunteers. For
the time being it has apparently
quieted them, but it may give them
courage to make future demands which
cannot be acceded to. As an illustra
tion of the power of the volunteers in
Havana it is only necessary to point
to the seizure by General Blanco at
their demand of the newspaper Cuba,
whose only offense was the reproduc
tion of dispatches which . the censor
had permitted to be sent from here to
New York papers.
It is now believed that no demon
stration against Blanco will be at
tempted upon the arrival of the Oquen
do. However, to make certain of be
ing able to suppress disorder, 600 of the
best cavalry of the island, whose loy
• »tv to the Captain General is undoubt
ed. were brought into the city last
night, and will be retained here aa a re
serve force.
Great activity is observed in all the
military store houses in the city. In
the magazines supplying Morro Castle
a double force r>f men is working night
and day loading shells and getting pro
jectiles into shape for rapid handling.
Work Is also being hurried on the new
fortifications along shore to the east
of Morro Castle.
General Lee is asked daily by Ameri
cans if It is advisable for them to re
main in Havana. He replies that he
sees no indication that American lives
are threatened by the populace, but
that, knowing the facts of the case and
the weight of their own interests here,
Americans should Judge for themselves
whether the situation is grave enough
to necessitate their departure. He adds
that he comes and goes alone from the
consulate to his hotel without hearing
even an Insulting word. His intimate
friends know that he is always pre
pared for any emergency. One of his
pistols was stolen a week ago, but was
replaced by a Virginian friend.
The fact that the thief left valuable
jewelry behind made it appear like an
attempt to disarm Lee.
While Lee has not been insulted in
streets and has been treated with cour
tesy, efforts to intimidate him have not
been wanting. I know the following is
true in detail, and it is regarded as an
exchange of threats or jokes, accord
ing to one's view of the situation of an
American. On the day before the
Maine came to Havana word was sent
to Lee that when the ship arrived five
Spaniards had decided to go to his
room in the Ingleterra Hotel and tell
him they had come to escort him to the
Maine.
The Consul replied: "Tell them they
had better send more. I'll kill the first
five."
He laughed as he said it. He was
one of the best shots at West Point in
his day.
Stories of this kind showing the feel
ings of some of Havana's population
toward Americans are heard frequent
ly. On the Stock Exchange yesterday
a broker asked a group if they had
heard the latest concerning the Vlz
caya. They asked what it was and he
replied that the cruiser's officers and
men were to have no shore leave for
fishing, as there was nothing in the
bay to catch but dead Yankees.
It is but fair to say that such re
marks are exceptional and that open
and hostile remarks are confined to the
volunteers and the lower classes. These
form admiring groups on the piers
nearest the Vizcaya, and compare her
with the Maine, using no choice lan
guage concerning the ill-fated battle
ship.
A prominent American, whose knowl
edge of military affairs is great and
who enjoys the confidence of the United
States Government, discussed the out
lok with me last night. He said the
Spanish officers seemed utterly incap
able of understanding the position in
which Havana would be placed in case
of hostilities. In his own opinion the
city was utterly at the mercy of a for
eign fleet from a lack of a strongsquad
ron of defense, and sufficiently strong
shore batteries, and certainly the cut
ting off of the food supply from the
United States would mean famine in
case of blockade. He said Spain must
lose Cuba, Porto Rico and the Philip
pines, and have the coast cities of the
peninsula itself laid waste In case of
war, yet there was but one available
warship at hand, a crippled army and
the insurgents active near Havana.
The Spanish officers express confi
dence in their ability to defeat the
United States. Spaniards prominent in
civil life and volunteers are not so con
fident. A colonel of volunteers said re
cently it was sad to think that Blanco,
with his past high record as a soldier,
was foredoomed to have the word
"failure" written on his closing career.
The work Is beginning to tell on the
American divers. Several are affected
with nose bleeding and ear trouble
from remaining too continuously under
water. Olsen of the lowa some days
has been down four hours in the morn
ing and four in the afternoon. He is
regarded as a wonderful submarine
workman. He toils among the wreck
age for hours, carrying immense
weights which would soon exhaust the
ordinary man above water. He is a
giant in strength.
A naval officer here to-day, In reply
to a suggestion that it was a pity such
an important decision as the verdict
of the court of inquiry into the Maine
explosion should rest solely upon the
testimony of the divers, who Beemed
men of only average intelligence, re
plied:
"The court of inquiry has not had to
depend upon divers' testimony alone,"
then, realizing that he had said more
than he intended, the officer resumed
his habitual reserve. It is believed
that the testimony of Lieutenant-Com
mander Wainwright was highly im
portant, as bearing on the question of
the existence of submarine mines. The
Government has employed an expert
photographer, now In Havana, who will
send to the Navy Department in Wash
ington photographs of armor plates and
different portions of the wreck imme
diately upon recovery from the water.
THE SPANISH DIVERS
TO MAKE REPORT.
Copyrighted, ISPS, by James Gordon Benitatt
HAVANA, March .I— Father Chid
wick to-day established the identity of
the two bodies tnken from the wreck of
the Maine tot Friday. They were those
of Quartermaster Burkhardt and C. A.
Scott, carpenter's mate. Burkhardt's
body was identified by means of scraps
of paper' found in his clothes. Scott's
body was identified by means of Odd
Fellows' "links" tattooed upon his arm.
Captain Sigsbee and Father Chid
wick are about convinced that the
search for bodies must soon be discon
tinued. The Spanish divers did not
work to-day. They are awaiting the
arrival from Spain of experts on naval
construction.
The American divers and the Merritt
Wrecking Company's men continued
work on the wreck as usual.
General Hyde, president of the Bath
Iron Works, Bath, Me., is here on his
way to Mexico. He called to-day upon
Captain Sigsbee and later upon General
Blanco. Mr. Hyde and Captain Sigs
bee discussed the torpedo-boat destroy
ers now being built at Bath.
Consul-General Lee says he under
stands the report of the Spanish divers,
soon to be made, will be brief and to
the effect that the bolts on the sheeting
on the sides of the Maine were sheared
in all cases so evenly as to prove con
clusively that the initial explosion must
have come from within.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 4, 1898.
HONORED THE
UNKNOWN DEAD
Naval Representatives at
the Funeral of One
Victim.
All Due Glory Accorded an Un
identified Seaman From
the Lost Maine.
People in All Walks of Life at Key
West Pay Tribute During the
Solemn Ceremony.
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
KEY WEST, Fla.. March 3.— The
United States navy this morning hon
ored one of its unknown dead. He lies
in an unnamed grave, but Key West
flew all her flags at half-mast in his
memory, and the chaplain of the flag
ship of the North Atlantic squadron
read the impressive words of the ritual
that consigned his body to the soil of
the country In whose service he died.
When the little coast survey steamer
Bache ran her prow into the harbor
to-day in the teeth of a tropical squall
that made all the Key West windows
rattle and her streets run like millraces
she brought from the Maine wreck
only one body. Who he was will never
be known, but he was an American
seaman. That was enough. Captain
McCalla of the cruiser Marblehead,
who had been detailed by the admiral
to take charge of the funeral arrange
ments, had disembarked forty blue-
Jackets from his ship to act as a guard
of honor. The massive copper casket
in which the body was sealed weighed,
together with its contents and pine box
inclosing it, nearly a thousand pounds.
No hearse in Key West was large
enough to receive it. So It was placed
on an undertaker's wagon and then
the wagon and casket were covered
completely by the beautiful folds of
Old Glory.
Above the flag were laid a bright
mass of simple but beautiful floral em
blems, wreaths, anchors and crosses.
Among the donors of these tributes to
the unnamed dead were: The wife of
Commander J. K. Wynn, U. S. N., re
tired, now resident at Key West; Miss
Dolly Watts, also of Key West; Mrs.
Helling, Mrs. George H. Curry and
Mrs. P. L. Cosgrove, wife of one of the
officers of the lighthouse tender Man
grove. From the Government wharf
the funeral procession started, headed
by Lieutenant Anderson in com
mand of the guard of honor, eight sea
men of which acting as pall-bearers
walked on either side of the impro
vised hearse. They marched to the tap
of single muffled drums. The color
bearer bore all of the stars and stripes
heavily draped at the peak of the staff
with black crape.
Behind the guard of bluejackets, who
numbered forty men, rode in carriages
Mayor Maloney of Key West, represent
ing the civic government, and Captain
McCalla, representing the navy, the lat
ter carefully gloved and with deep
bands of crape circling his left arm.
Then came a straggling procession, car
riages and cabs. Perhaps the most
touching scene of the whole pathetic
ceremony was witnessed just as the
head of the line wheeled into White
head street. Here the Key West popu
lace, black and white, native and Cu
ban, had assembled in thousands. As
the flag-draped casket slowly passed
them hundreds of Panama hats, naval
caps and many a piece of less aristo
cratic headgear came off instinctively.
Even the negro bootblacks either felt
the moving impulse of respect for the
honored dead, or were quick to follow
the graceful example of others, for I
saw not less than a score of coal-black
urchins who with bare feet stood ankle
deep in mud, pluck tattered old hats
and caps from crinkled woolly heads
and stand solemn visaged in the bright
sunlight, which as if a -good omen had
followed the morning's storm. It was
10:30 o'clock before the procession start
i<l from Whitehead street. It passed
to Fleming street, thence to Elizabeth
street, and from there to Key West City
Cemetery through Windsor lane. Along
the entire line of march the little cor
tege was followed respectfully and si
lently by hundreds of Americans, Cu
bans and negroes. On they plodded
through streets deep with muddy wa
ter. There was no jostling, no levity
and no light talk. It was a spontane
ous tribute of simple-minded people to
the memory of an unknown hero who
had died for the flag while on duty and
had gone down with his ship. At the
cemetery all but the funeral party and
newspaper reporters found further
progress barred. The services there
were impressive in their simplicity.
Lieutenant Anderson lined up his com
mand in double platoon a few paces
from the first row of six open graves.
The eight sturdy pallbearers, assisted
by four of the undertaker's men, lifted
their heavy burden and consigned it to
its resting place. The guard of honor
stood at parade rest while Rev. Alfred
Lee Royce, D.D., chaplain of the flag
ship New York, read the regular burial
service of the Protestant .Episcopal
church, beginning with the solemn
words: "I am the resurrection and
the life."
During the prayer that followed
Chaplain Royce prayed that we might
still be permitted to enjoy the bless
ings of peace. Then while stalwart
negroes began to fill the open grave,
a bugler of the Marblehead sounded
taps, and the funeral over the un
known dead was done. It was just
11:40. The funeral services and pro
cession had passed within an hour, but
the scene was one long to be remem
bered. On all public buildings and
many private ones flags flew at half
mast, and the Spanish flag over the
Spanish consulate was at half mast
also, while at many points, as an in
teresting contrast, fluttered the single
star and bars of Cuba libre.
When the last of the Maine's dead
has been recovered, it is expected a
more impressive ceremony will be held
with large detachments from the army
and navy acting as escort, providing,
of course, that the army and navy
have not found more serious service
elsewhere. Until then the bodies as
they arrive on the Bache will be buried
with all due honors, as was done this
morning, but with only a company de
tailed as escort.
Uncle Sam Sounded Brazil.
Copyrighted. 1598, by James Gordon Bennett.
BUENOS AYRES, March 3.— Press
comment on the last conference of the
American Charge d'Affaires with the
Minister of Foreign Affairs says the
United States endeavored to know
Brazil's attitude in case of a conflict
with Spain.
South Carolina Militia Volunteers.
COLUMBIA. S. C, March 3.— One
thousand militiamen of South Caro
lina tendered their services to Gover
nor Ellerbee to-day In caße of war.
The offer was made through Colonel
Robertson (colored) of Charleston.
SOON TO JOIN
THE MONITORS
Hurried Preparation on
the Miantonomah for
Sea Service.
Will Be Placed on Duty With
the Amphitrite, Monadnock
and Terror.
Among Officers Summoned for Duty
Is Captain Reed, Now on the
Reserve List.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHILADELPHIA, March 3.—Lieu
tenant William A. Gill, L\ S. N., in
charge of the hydrographic office in
the Bourse the past two years, received
orders from the Navy Department to
day to report for active duty on the
monitor Miantonomah March 10. The
Miantonomah is in course of hurried
preparation for sea service, and is ex
pected to join the Amphitrite, Monad
nock, Terror and others of her class at
that time.
Lieutenant Gill was to have reported
on the battle-ship Maine before the day
j of her sailing from Key West to Ha
vana harbor to relieve Lieutenant
Blandin, who was the officer of the
watch on the night of the disaster.
Two officers of the big monitor, the
chief engineer and his assistant, ar
rived to-day and were formally re
ceived by the commandant. These are
Chief Engineer M. W. Parks, who has
I lately been Inspector of the Columbian
I Iron Works at Baltimore, and Past As
! sistant Engineer Matthews, late of the
I Brooklyn Navy-yard. After submitting
I their orders to Captain Casey they made
lan examination of the Miantonomah.
I Both were well pleased with her con
\ dition.
Three drafts of seamen were re
! ceived at the navy-yard to-day, aggre
gating thirty men. Nine of these came
I from the Brooklyn Navy-yard and were
1 assigned to service on the Columbia.
1 Twelve from Boston and nine fromNor
j folk were quartered <»n the Richmond
j to await service on board the Mianto
1 nomah.
The commanding officers of the
I cruisers Columbia and Minneapolis
| have not yet been announced, but it is
said unofficially at the navy-yard that
Captain Bands, formerly of the Co
lumbia, will be In command of the Min
neapolis, and Captain J. I. Reed of
Mount Holly, N. J., now on the reserve
, list, will have charge of ihe Columbia.
The announcement from Washington
; that Captain Mortimer Johnson has
I been assigned to the Miantonomah as
' commanding officer was received with
! much favor on board that vessel. The
; choice is a popular one among the men
who will make up her crew.
The work of scraping the cruiser Co
lumbia will be started to-morrow. An
examination of her keel was made to
day, and it was found that in some
parts where the paint had been rubbed
off she was slightly rusted. The two
big turrets on the Miantonomah were
turned to-day for the first time in a
year and worked {satisfactorily. The
deck of the K&tahdin, within the steel
casing, is now being caulked. Her ma
chinery is reported to be in first-class
condition.
INSURGENTS
VERY BOLD
Challenge the Spanish
Soldiers to Leave Forts
and Fight.
Cubans Bottling Up Their Foes
in the Town of Sagua
La Grande.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 3.— A Jackson
ville (Fla.) special to the Herald says:
Captain George »W. Hudson of the
schooner John S. Penrose of Philadel
phia, who arrived here to-day from
Sagua la Grande, Cuba, says that the
insurgents there are very active and
are really "bottling" up the Spanish
soldiers in the town, as they hardly
dare to venture outside the safeguards
of their block port.
"I did not go. on shore very often,"
said the captain, with a significant
smile. "I did not fancy it, and did not
like their expressions regarding my
country- The news of the Maine dis
aster reached us there in port, and
while the Spaniards swore it was an
accident the Cubans as energetically
swore that it was only a Spanish trick.
Several street disturbances occurred
on shore about this between them, as
Cubans were bold enough there to take
a stand, knowing that the insurgents
were so close. The Spanish soldiers
were all right, but their officers are
very insulting in their manners, and
did not take any pains to show their
hatred of 'Yankees. '
"The insurgents were within three
miles of the place often, and seldom
did a night or day pass but what we
saw smoke from burning cane fields or
houses near by, showing their presence.
But I noticed that the Spanish troops
seldom went out after them. I asked
an officer once, and he shrugged his
shoulders and said that he liked Spain
better than tramping around cane
fields, where they might shoot him
from ambush. Their little blockhouse
forts would stand about ten minutes
before one of our ships, and from what
I saw any of our militia companies
could hold their own with the soldiers
quartered there. Several times the in
surgents came within rifle shot and
taunted the Spaniards with being
afraid to come out and meet them, but
the only reply the Spaniards made was
to fire at them and keep within their
forts."
The captain thinks if war is declared
that no American would be safe in
Cuba, especially in the small towns, as
in their blind rage and fanaticism the
Spaniards would most likely kill all
with whom they would come in con-
The Penrose ran aground in Sagua
harbor, and the Biscayne had to go
there and tow her to this port. The
vessel is damaged some and will go on
the ways here for repairs. The cap
tain seemed to think that the insur
gent cause was gaining ground in that
section and that the Spanish soldiers
were becoming discouraged.
To Cure a Cold In One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
Cruggists refund the money If X falls to cure.
J6c. The genuine has L. B. Q. on each tablet.
FOREIGNERS
WHO PERISHED
Governments That May
Look After Interests
of Subjects.
Nothing to Prevent Them in
Joining Uncle Sam in De
manding Indemnity.
In the Event of Treachery Being
Proved Spnin May Have Sev
eral Powers to Deal With.
Special Dipratch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 3.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent sends the
following: Other countries besides the
United States may have something to
say regarding the settlement of the
Maine affair. When that ship was
blown up in Havana harbor there were
nineteen young men among those lost
who were not citizens of the United
States, and had not declared their in- \
tention to become citizens. There were
in all 117 men in the crew born outside
of the United States. Of this number
furty-six were born under the flag of
Great Britain, two in France, fourteen
in Germany, thirteen in Norway, eight
een in Sweden, eight in Denmark, seven
in Japan, three in Russia, one in Bel
gium, one in Roumanla and two In
Greece.
Final naturalization papers had been
■ taken out by fifty-five of the foreign
born members of the crew, and forty
! three others had declared their inten
| tion of becoming naturalized. Of the
nineteen aliens who had not taken any
steps whatever to become citizens seven
were Japanese. Embassadors and Min
i isters representing the various coun
! tries, natives of wheh were lost on the
I Maine, have applied to the State De
i partment for information concerning
them, and have been furnished lists
' of all the naturalized of their respective
; countries. It has been suggested that
Japan, and probably others of these
; countries, might unite with the United
| States in demanding indemnity from
: Spain in the event it could be demon
strated that the Maine was destroyed
by an explosion from outside the ship.
Thus far, however, none of them has
| taken any steps indicating such Inten
| tion. The Japanese Minister and rep
j resentatives of some of the other pow
! ers have declared there was no diplo
| matic significance whatever in their
\ action, but that their Governments
were prompted in making their in
quiries simply by the interest which
i they felt in their subjects wherever
' they may be and their desire to have
any Indemnity that might be collected
! reach the families of the dead men.
j Whether they may yet take some ac
! tion will depend on what is done by
; the United States.
The question presented Is rather
novel, but it its held that the Govern
j ment has a right to look after its citi
j zens or subjects even though they may
be in military or naval service of an
alien power, and if they lose their
lives through negligence of that power
their Government can claim damages.
It is further held that if such aliens
; lose their lives through the act or
negligence of a third power indemnity
can be collected from such power.
It is already recognized by the au
thorities here that should it become
necessary to make a demand for in
demnity upon Spain the participation
of other nations would make it impos
sible for that country to resist the
pressure that would be brought to
bear upon her. At the same time it is
not expected that there will be any
such combination or that any country
will unite with the United States in
demanding indemnity should this
country conclude that Spain is in any
way responsible for the destruction of
the Maine. It is not believed that the
fact that some of the men for whom
indemnity may be asked are citizens
of foreign Governments will influence
the nations further than to incline
! them to give their moral support to
the United States in a controversy
with Spain if it should ensue.
MUCH DYNAMITE AND
POWDER SHIPPED SOUTH.
Various Firms in Florida Acting as
Purchasing Agents for the
Government.
NEW YORK, March 3.— The King
! Powder Company of Cincinnati is do
; ing an immense business as a result
of the threatened war with Spain. The
i volume of their business has in
creased wonderfully, and while there
Is nothing bn their books to show
i that the material has been purchased
! by the Government every one knows
! that within the last few days the pow
j der company has shipped two tons of
I dynamite to points on the coast of
; Florida and expects to ship more at
1 once. In order that no suspicion may
! be excited dynamite is ordered through
dealers in the towns in Florida to
! which it is shipped, but it is really for
i the Government. The dynamite is
1 sent in sticks and could readily be
! made into shape for dynamite guns,
I and it is supposed that this is what it
;is for. From every dealer along the
| Florida coast the King i owder Com
i pany has been receiving orders of late
1 for large amounts of dynamite and
I powder, and there can be no doubt
1 that they are merely acting as pur
i chasing agents for the Government.
KILLED THE DIVER
TO CONCEAL THE CRIME.
NEW YORK, March 3.— A dispatch
from Key West says that advices from
Havana to El Yara, one of the most
conservative Cuban papers printed in
the United States, are to the effect that
responsible Spanish officials employed
a diver to blow up the Maine with a
magazine, and then took his life to con
ceal the crime, after having paid him
$20,000. His widow, the story says, was
immediately placed in an insane asy
lum, so that whatever charges or reve
lation she may make would be regard
ed as the ravings of a disorderly mind.
Speedy New Torpedo Boats
BRISTOL, R. 1., March 3.— The two
new Government torpedo boats, the
Gwynn and the Talbot, just completed
by the Herreshoffs, were given their
official speed trials to-day in Narra
gansott Bay, under favorable condi
tions, and both exceeded their contract
speed, the former making an average
of 20.9 knots per hour, and the latter
21.1. The company figured that as the
Gwynn had been in the water about ten
days and the Talbot only two, the
plight roughness on the former would
account for the difference between the
two boats, and that they are practical
ly eCU'al
GREAT HURRY
IN THE WORK
Rushing Repairs on War
Vessels at the Navy
Yards.
Dispatch Boat Dolphin and
Cruisers Chicago and At
lanta Overhauled.
As Fast as They Are Ready for Ser
vice the Boats Are Equipped
and Manned.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 3.— Great hurry
characterizes work in the navy
yard of getting the dispatch boat Dol
phin into normal condition. She has
been thoroughly overhauled and will
be as spick and span as a brand new
boat by March 15. One hundred and
fifty men are at work on her, and on
March 24 Commander Lyons will hoist
his flag and the Dolphin will be once
more in commission. She has been re
fitted with new engines, boilers, deck
and spars. Admiral Bunce said to-day
that old guns will be placed in the
Dolphin.
Sledge-hammer blows deafen the
ears of those who stand near the
cruiser Chicago, which is being fitted
in the navy yard. Her guns and upper
deck works have all been removed, a
new nickel steel deck built in her two
feet below the water line, and she has
been fitted with new engines, boilers
and machinery. She will have new
decks, with an armament of rapid-fire
guns, but will not go into commission
until August.
Similar work is goin on where the
cruiser Atlanta is docked. She will
have new boilers and engines and be
fitted with new decks and rigging, and
the resisting power of the turrets will
be increased by the addition of new
plates. She will carry fourteen 5-inch
rapid-fire guns in addition to her
usual armament when she goes into
commission next September. Sail
maker P. F. Ward, with nine seamen,
left the yard to-day for League Island,
where they wil Join the cruiser Colum
bia.
Orders were received to-day for
forty men to report on board the ram
Katahdin, which is also at League
Island. They will leave in a day or
two. When the Government tug Nar
keeta put out from under the nose of
the Dolphin to-day she carried a
queer-looking cargo of cylinders,
piled like sections of water pipe on her
deck, while five great crates were
stored amidships. The cylinders were
61-inch powder tanks and in the crates
were 13-inch tanks. No information
could be obtained #bout the Narkeeta's
cargo, but it is supposed the cylinders
were taken to Fort Lafayette, to be
charged, and that their ultimate des
tination is Key West.
BLANCO SAYS AMERICANS
ARE SAFE IN HAVANA.
Declares There Is Yet Friendship Be
tween the Governments of
Spain and America.
Copyrighted, IS9S. by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, March 3.— According to In
structions, I prepared a statement set
ting forth the fact that newspapers in
New York are alarming the public by
declaring the lives of Americans in
Havana are even now in danger, and
in case relations between the Spanish
Government and the United States be
come strained, a riot could not be
avoided, resulting in great danger to
Americans. With this I called at the
palace and presented my card to Cap
! tain General Blanco, was received most
I cordially, Dr. Congosto, secretary of the
! General Government, acting as inter
j preter. General Blanco quickly said it
was impossible for him to receive any
correspondent, but as an American cit
izen he was glad to see me and offer
every courtesy possible. In answer to
a request for a statement concerning
the existing condition of affairs here,
he said that the American newspapers
are anxious to plunge the two coun
tries irto war. Nevertheless, he could
not answer my questions, as they were
founded upon newspaper reports offen
sive alike to Spain and to the Captain
General. He said that in spite of the
press, the governments of the United
States and Spain were in full accord,
and the friendly relations could not be
disturbed.
He was happy to observe that the
Herald had maintained an attitude of
dignity, and not lent itself to sensation
alism. Any American who has lived in
Havana any length of time, said Gen
eral Blanco, knows his life here is per
fectly secure. General Blanco pleaded
pressure of public affairs, and the in
terview ended.
ADVEBTISEMENT&
THESE EGGS
Taste even better than regular Hen's Eggs, says the Farmer and Hotel man,
as he sat eating them at the demonstration counter yesterday. He did not
seem to know that C. Fred Lamont of St. Louis was the largest buyer of
fresh eggs in the world, which he prepares and puts on the market as "Im-
proved Crystallized Egg." Each large can contains 4Va dozen fresh laid eggs.
CRYSTALLIZED EGG
Is a grand thing foT miners, prospectors, campers, hunters, hotels, bakers,
families and seagoing vessels. Is cheaper than eggs in the short season, and
answers almost every purpose, except for "soft boiled in the shell."
San Francisco Office— lB California Street.
Sample any of the following preparations after seeing them cooked in our
front windc-A-: Scrambled eggs, egg custard, omelet, ruffled eggs, cakes, plea
and other dishes prepared by this process.
Every Alaska Prospector Should Be Provided With This Food.
SCASH STORE,
' The Livest and Liveliest Store in the City
We guarantee all the ftoods we sell-ihey are money
- _. Back. LIBERALITY our motto. . ;
25-27 MARKET STREET, S. F.
SENOR CONGOSTO
IN WAR PAINT
Believes Spain and the
United States Should
Fight Anyway.
Nobody at Havana Doubts That
a Torpedo Wrecked the
Maine.
No Vessel Moored at the Buoy Where
She Lay for Three Months
Past.
Copyrighted, 1898, by_James Gordon Renr.«u.
KEY WEST, F!a., March 3.— Priv. -
advices received from Havana by
steamer last night say there was prac
tically no change in the situation there
except it was very noticeable that the
accident theory in the Maine disaster
was passing away. A prominent Amer
ican official, whose connections are
such that his name cannot be used,
but who has been intimately associated
with the investigation, is quoted a.s
saying that there was absolutely no
doubt the Maine was blown up by a
submarine mine, and that the Board of
Inquiry had from the first been in pos
session of positive evidence to this ef
fect.
"You cannot make it too emphatic,"
he is reported as saying. "My infor
mation is direct and positive."
The same official said also the find
ings of the court might be held back,
though the report will be made to
Washington as soon as the session
which is to be resumed In Havana
within the next few days is concluded.
One witness who was before the
board while it was sitting in Havana
said: "No vessel for the past three
years has been moored at the buoy
where the Maine was blown up. I
thought it very strange and commented
on the fact when the Maine was placed
there by order of the Havana harbor
master."
The Spanish Government has a score
or more or" Pinkerton detectives em
ployed, who are keeping a close watch
upon the investigations being mr.de by
the United States officials in Havana.
Secret agents of the United States Gov
ernment have made a full investigation
of the defenses of Havana, including
plans of the fortifications, the number
of guns, etc. This report is now on ita
way to the authorities at Washington.
The naval officers at Havana, who, up
to a few days ago, held that the blow
ing up of the Maine was due to an ac
cident, have changed their views and
now assert the ship was wrecked by
an outside explosion.
The private letter above referred to
concludes by saying:
"Secretary Congosto said to several
Americans who went to call on Gen
eral Blanco yesterday morning. 'Why
do you beard the lion in his den? Is
the United States Government prepared
for war?'
"'Spain is ready at any time. Your
country has repeatedly insulted and
humiliated mine by interfering with our
Cuban policy, and Spain's patience ia
almost exhausted. I hope war will
come soon. We hate America. We
have everything to gain and nothing
to lose by war with the United States.
I am a cold-blooded Spaniard and
should prefer to die in Cuba than
elsewhere to save Spanish sover
eignty.'
"Secretary Congosto spoke with
great vehemence. He intimated that
Cuba was practically lost to Spain,
therefore she had nothing left to fight
for but national honor.
OLD MONITORS MAY
AGAIN BE USED.
Many Engines of War That Would
Be Useful in Guarding Shoal
Water in Channels.
"WASHINGTON. March 3.— ln the
course of the inquiry into the naval
resources of the United States an oft
der has been issued to make a test of
the machinery of the monitors at the
League Island Navy Yard. These aro
single turreted craft that' are armed
with big smooth-bore guns, but they
would be still of service in an emer
gency. There are eight of these mon
itors at League Island, and the Gov
ernment owns several others that ar-e
now loaned to the naval militia organ
izations of some of the States. Those
at League Island are the following:
Canonicus, Mahopac, Manhattan, Cat^
skill, Jason, Lehigh. Montaiik and Na
hant. They are all between 1800 and
2100 tons displacement artd draw little
water, so that they can take up ad
vantageous positions on shoals com
manding channel approaches. The in
tention is to turn over the old engines
and work the machinery that is made
to turn the turrets, if it can be made
to work at all.ARRIVAL OF
THE QUEEN
AT SEATTLE
The Steamship Nearly
Causes a Riot at
Skagway.
Old Trouble Over Unloa
ding by Indians Is
Renewed.
Soldiers on Board Disperse a
Mob of Angry Long
shoremen.
TERRITORY IN DISPUTE.
British Flag Hoisted on Debatable
. Ground — Restrictions and Cus
■_•. . . toms Duties.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PEATTLE. March 3.— The steamer
Queen arrived in port this afternoon
from Alaska. According to Captain
Wallace, the presence of a company
of Federal troops was all that saved
the Queen from falling into the hands
of angry longshoremen when she
landed at her wharf at Skaguay last
Friday. The affair was a renewal of
the old trouble between the unem
ployed at Skaguay and the Pacific
Coast Steamship Company over the
unloading of its steamers by Indians,
who have been paid 25 cents an hour.
The first rush was an entire victory
for the longrshoremen and the Indians
to get back on the boat. One
of them was crowded off the gang
plank and nearly drowned.
When some one in the crowd drew
a revolver and began firing at the In
dians the 110 soldiers on board the
steamer left the Queen, made a charge
on the longshoremen and soon cleared
the wharf. They stood guard over the
ship while the unloading was in prog
ress to guard against a threatened at
tempt to blow up the big steamer.
The Indians unloaded the ship. The
fact that the soldiers "were on guard
probably caused the passengers of the
steamer Islander, which arrived in
Victoria Wednesday, to give out the
report that martial law had been de
clared at Skaeuay.
The Al-Ki had trouble of a similar
nature some tirae ago, in which the
white longshoremen were rushed off
the wharf after a hand to hand en
counter with the Indians brought up
from Juneau and the crew of the
steamer. A United States Deputy-
Marshal made the crowd disperse.
When the Queen finished unloading at
Juneau, the thirty-five Indians that
had been doing the work were taken
aboard and carried to Skaguay. They '■
do the work for 2n cents an hour, and j
the company refuses to pay the 50 and !
75 cents demanded by the white men. !
B. F. Jonea of Denver was one of
the Queen's passengers to-day. He
adds another name to the victims
whose lives were sacrificed on the
Clara Nevada. He states positively
that his friend, Frank Reno of Mem
phis, Term., whose occupation was that
of a waiter, started south on the Clara
Nevada. The two men were together
shortly before the steamer sailed.
Reno was a young man, who had spent
considerable time in Seattle before
going north. He wanted to go into the
gold fields, but grew discouraged, ai.d
decided to return to the States. Among
the crew of the Nevada was a waiter
named Frank Perkins. He has been
reported as among the lost.' According
to Jones, however, he still lives, and
w at Skaguay. He says that Per
kins decided to remain north, and so
left the steamer. He had been in the
. service of the Pacific Coast Steamship
Company for a number of years past.
The day the Clara Nevada sailed,
Jones went up over the trail to the
lakes, returning to Skaguay last Fri
day. He states that the story is untrue
.about the British having planted their
flag on disputed territory. The report,
he thinks, has been started because a
Canadian official is at Summit Lake,
where he merely warns Klondikers
against attempting to push on to Daw-
S'.in unless they are properly pro
visioned. This official informs them
that it will be useless to proceed far-
ther unless their packs are of such
weight that when they reach Tagish
Lake they will have 1000 pounds of
pr< 'visions.
Every prospector is required to have
that amount, otherwise the Canadian
authorities will refuse to permit him to
continue on his journey to the land o-f
pebbly gold.
. Eugene R. Knapp of Boston also came
down on the Queen. He expresses the
opinion that the reports first sent out
about the hoisting of the British flag
en disputed territory were untrue, but
he now claims to have later informa
tion that puts a different phase on the
matter. Mr. KnapD_aays that one or
his teamsters came into Skaguay at
11:30 o'clock last Saturday night. The
teamster states that about 4 o'clock
that afternoon he witnessed the Canad
ian police plant their flag one mile the
other side of the summit; also that
they had moved the customs quarters
eight miles nearer salt water and with
in ten miles of wh^r? the flag had been
planted.
A correspondent from Skaguay writes
that false information is given out at
Victoria and Vancouver, when it is
stated that there is no duty to pay,
and that the $6 inspector's fee for ac
companying outfits is not exacted. He
interviewed Deputy Collector James E.
Floyd on the subject, who said: "There
is absolutely no change in the instruc
tions from the department. We are j
collecting duties or requiring parties
from ( anada to give a good bond and
be accompanied by an inspector at $6
per day."
WILD RUMORS DENIED.
No Epidemic of Spinal Meningitis at
Skaguay.
VICTORIA. B. C, March 3.— Against
the alarming statements as to the pre
valence of an epidemic of cerebro spinal
meningitis at Skaguay there are em
phatic- declarations by men who have
passed through that town that they
Vitt ?u no , such epidemic and don't be
it»\ a iV. U could be ke Pt Quiet, as
t'* V"♦ J l exl «ed. So said Major
i erry to the mounted police, who was a
passenger by the Islander last night,
and so stated John Hepburn, a well
known contractor of this city, who has
just returned from the summit of the
White Pass trail, where he has been in
connection with the tramway construc
tion.
Mr. Hepburn, having read the report
from the Alaska Searchlight, stated
positively that there is no epidemic
whatever in the north, except an epi
demic of lying in the interest of each
point of entry for the Yukon against all
the rest. The average death rate for
Dyea, Skaguay and Lake Bennett, he
says. Is no greater than in any city of
10,000 inhabitaits, and there are fully
that number in the places mentioned.
The Skaguay trail is now in splendid
condition, and men with horses can
transport goods from Skaguay to the
lakes at a cost of 4 cents a pound. The
trail is not at all congested and men
are going backward and forward with
out any difficulty. Horses are far ahead
of dogs for hauling goods, dogs not
being able to haul as much, besides
being more difficult to handle.
For four or five days travel was
stopped on account of the extremely
cold weather, but this passed over and
the men and horses got back to work-.
On the Dyea trail there was a delay of
about two weeks on account of the
cold weather. The stories of men freez
ing to death on the White Pass trail,
Mr. Hepburn says, are utterly without
foundation. The only man who did
freeze to death was a demented barber,
who started out dressed in clothes that
would hardly keep him warm in sum
mer. On the Dyea trail the only vic
tims of the cold have been two Indian
( women.
DIRECTOR BILLINGS
MAY BE RETIRED.
Strong Probability the Findings
of the Courtmartial Will Be
Duly Moderated.
NEW YORK. March 3.-A Washington
special to the Herald says: Instead of be
lug dismissed from the naval service, as
recommended by the court which found
him guilty of falsehood and scandalous
conduct. Pay Director L. .Billings ™
probably be placed on the retired list.
Were it not for the opposition said to
have arisen from him a board would have
been ordered to examine his physical con
dition with a view to his retirement
Secretary Long, it is understood has
been considering such action and flings
would acquiesce in the plan should l tne
ch ce e pa c r r rr ee t nt «-5 *4aSs
from his record. Probably this will be
done, because the judge-advocate in
structed the court not to accept the state
ments of the pay director unless sus
tained by other witnesses.
In a brief submitted to the secretary by
Billings' counsel, Herbert and Mlcou, it
was asked that if the secretary should
not disapprove of the findings the court
be reconvened and the case submitted to
it again upon the evidence already taken
with reargument and instructions to con
sider the character of the accused in con
nection with the evidence and that upon
such trial Billings be allowed to introduce
his medical record as evidence, and that
he be permitted to examine such wit
nesses as were incorporators or stock
holders of the American Compressed
Food Company.
By the medical record it is believed by
naval officers that Billings' counsel re
ferred to the pay director's mental condi
tion. He is alleged to have tried to com
mit suicide a few days ago. He was on
sick leave in ISS3 when a bill was favor
ably reported by the House Naval Com
mltee authorizing the President to place
him upon the retired list. Upon his return
to health the bill was dropped.
SANTA CRUZ'S GANG
OF BOY BURGLARS.
Five Youngsters Held to Answer for
a Series of Criminal
Offenses.
SANTA CRI'Z. March 3.— A batch of j
young fellows who in time will make good j
criminals was up before Justice Gardner
this morning for examination on the
charge of burglary. They were arrested
for breaking into the drug store of P. F. j
Perry and stealing numerous articles.
In the gang were five boys— Joe Stuben
dorf, Russell Kittrell, Alvin McCarthy.
Seymour Kittrell and Jess Rhodes— whose i
ages respectively are 9. 10. 12, 13 and 14 ,
years. They told how they tried to open ;
the door with a button hook and key. and j
not being able to make it work broke the '
window and smashed the sash lock. Two i
of the younger ones then entered the !
store and handed out the plunder to the I
three on the outside.
They were all held to answer to the j
charge of burglary and are to appear be- ■
fore the Superior Court. Their bail was I
rixed at $I(X>, except in the case of Jess i
Rhodes, whose bail is $250.
Three out of the five boys have served
terms in the County Jail for various i
thefts, and their chance for the reform ]
school is good. The youngest one, Joe i
Stubendorf. is a tough lad. He is only 9
years of age. but has already served
about five terms in the County Jail, once
for stealing a horse, and another time for
the stealing of a horse and buggy. The
lad has been known to break into* places
and steal innumerable articles, and It has
been impossible to keep him at school.
Still he has a horror of the jail, and
whenever arrested and while in prison he
sobs and cries as if his heart would
break. The father of the lad is anxious
to have him sent to a reform school
TWO BROTHERS FIGHT
TO THE VERY DEATH.
Thomas and Shepard Wood Have a
Dispute and Engage in a
Fatal Battle.
CORDELE, Ga., March 3.-In the pub
lic road near here the dead bodies of
Thomas and Shepard Wood, brothers,
well known and well connected, were
found this morning. By the body of one
was a Winchester rifle and by the other
a revolver. Both men were killed by a
Winchester rifle, however, and it is
thought they engaged in a fight and that
one was killed and the other committed
suicide.
This theory is so conclusive that the
Coroner's jury has returned a verdict ac
cordingly. These brothers were the best
of friends and were almost constant com
panions. They were rich and prominent
in business and social affairs. They
owned properties jointly, and were com
monly referred to as the "Wood
brothers," and were never known to have
had a dispute among themselves. They
were last seen at Seville yesterday after
noon. There they attended to business
matters and left for their home shortly
before night. They seldom went armed,
and why both of them should have car
ried arms on this occasion is yet a mys
tery. Where the bodies were found a
horse and buggy also stood, and it is be
lieved that the two men disputed while
riding and agreed to stop and fight it
out.
BORROWED A HORSE AND
STOLE AWAY FROM HOME.
Watsonville Boy Who Had Got Into
Mischief Is Captured at
Salinas.
SALINAS. March 3.— Freddie Copeland,
a 12-year-old boy, small for his age and
an orphan, was arrested in this city this
evening by Night Watchman Hansen and
Happ. Word was sent to the Sheriff yes
terday from officers in Watsonville to be
on the lookout for the lad. as he had run
away from that city early in the day.
and they thought he was headed for
Salinas. The little fellow had taken a
horse that did not belong to him.
When the lad was placed in custody last
night he told in substance the following
story. His parents were dead, and he
used to live in the San Jose Orphanage.
He was taken out of the institution some
time ago by a gentleman and cared for
in Watsonville. Ine gentleman sent him
to school, and the boy, being exception
ally bright, progressed nicely, but would
get into mischief. Yesterday the little
fellow knowing he had done something
wrong, was afraid he was going to get
whipped, so he went to a stable, saddled
a horse and then, to avoid punishment,
rode over to this city.
Nicaraguan Canal Commission.
Copyrighted, 181 S. by James Gordon Bennett.
PANAMA, March 3. — The Newport is
reported to have arrived at Colon with
the Nlcaraguan Canal Commission on
board. The commission will visit the
Panama Canal Works to-morrow. Gene
ral Belin and Chief Engineer Roper went
to Colon to m«et them to-day.
THE SAX FR AN CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 4, 1898.
COSTA RICA
PREPARING
FOR A FIGHT
War With Nicaragua
Now Considered
Certain.
Salvador and Honduras
Will Not Participate in
the Controversy.
So the Forces of the Contending
Nations Must Settle Their
Own Difficulties.
PATRIOTISM IS AROUSED.
Men Who Hwve Been at Peace for
Over Forty Years Are Anxious
for the Fray.
Copyrighted, 189S, by James Gordon Bennett.
PANAMA. March 3.— 1 am cabled on |
the best authority, both from Salvador |
! and Honduras, to the effect that neither ;
| government will take part in any war j
| between Costa Rica and Nicaragua not j
i coming under the treaty of the union
lof Amalpa. Nicaragua, therefore, will
j have to go single-handed if she goes to
I war with Costa Rica.
I am in receipt of further advices
from San Jose, Costa Rica, via Limon,
by mail, all indicating that war
between Costa Rica and Nicaragua
lis unavoidable. Costa Rica is com- !
' pletely cut off from telegraphic com- j
munication with the outside world, !
jas the only station working in
j conjunction with the local govern-
I ment lines is the Nicaraguan port of
San Juan del Sur. The Herald cor- j
respondent at San Jose writes on Feb
ruary 28: The wires from here to San
Juan, Nicaragua, are in good condi- ,
[ tion, but since February 8 the Nicar
aguan Government has refused to re- j
ceive for transmission over their lines
to San Juan any messages whatever,
commercial, diplomatic or otherwise.
The situation is really grave, and
troops are hurrying to the frontier ;
daily. They are armed with the latest
Mausers. The correspondent adds thit
there is the greatest enthusiasm here,
and from the gray-red veterans of
Walker's days to beardless youths of
the present they are anxious to show
patriotism by shouldering rifles and go
to the front in defense of their coun
try. Since 1856 Costa Ricans have not
been engaged in warfare, but are
aroused on each occasion, and when
fresh troops are sent to the frontier
there are all manner of demonstrations,
as if going to a picnic. A corps of 1000
volunteers left here to-day, the 28th,
for Sapoa, a frontier town. Costa Rica is
peaceful, industrious and progressive,
and never, as a neighbor of Nicaragua,
seeking military glory. Now the occa
sion is arising, however, and she wants
to show that she is ready. When the
first war clouds appeared September
last by the arrest of Consul-General
Berches at Managua, Costa Rica had
less than 2000 men under arms, while
to-day she has nearly 8000 general
guards and Leonidas Placas. The lat
ter are of Ecuadorian revolutionary
fame and are the commanding forces
on the frontier.
WILETT
CONFRONTED
IN [AIL
Continued from First Page.
som for robbery committed In San
Bernardino. He had become ac
quainted with a man who had Just re
ceived $500 and he laid plans to rob
him. He first went to the keeper of a
notorious house and asked the woman
who kept it to assist him. Instead the
woman informed the police of Wilett's
plot. The police notified Wilett to
leave town, but no attention was paid
to the notice and the robber decided to
do the job alone. He inveigled the man
out to the suburbs of the town on some
pretext and then waylaid him. He
sneaked up behind the man and
knocked him senseless with a black
jack and took the money away from
him. An hour later the man recovered
and returned to the town and was met
by Wilett. The robbed man told the
story of his assault and the lass of his
money and the greatest sympathizer
he had was Wilett. The robbed .nan
had not seen his assailant and the last
man he could suspect was the man
who professed to be his friend. The
man deplored the loss of his coin and
cried at the prospect of having no
place to sleep or money with which to
pay for his meals. Wilett in his ap
parent friendship, gave the man he had
robbed enough from his plunder to
pay for a week's board and parted
with the suffering fellow after an ex
change of terms of good fellowship.
Soon after that Wilett was caught
and sentenced to a term of ten years in
Folsom for robbery committed near
Los Angeles. A,fter his release he came
to San Francisco and "turned many a
trick." For a time he kept the police
of Oakland busy. His most profitable
job there was when he took $130
from a commission merchant at the
point of a pistol. It soon became too
warm for him there, and he came to
San Francisco. The chief field of his
operations was In the Mission. Several
of his victims were held up within the
shadow of the Emmanuel Methodist
Church.
"It was an ideal place for crime," he
said. "The horror of the silent belfry
with its stories of murder lent fear to
the ever ready pistol he carried, and
men gave up their valuables and plead
ed for mercy with trembling lips.
"One man," he said, 'had only $13 in
his pockets when searched. He plead*
ed with me to return it saying he was a
hard working man with a large family
dependent upon him. We were close
to the Church Durrant made famous in
criminal history. Whether it was the
thought of the poor girls who met
death under Its spires or the man's
pleadings that softened my heart I do
not know, but I gave him back his
money and told him to go home.
"The next night I stopped a dude.
He wore fancy clothes and came
toward me with a lady-killing spring
to his walk. He nearly fell dead when
I stopped him. I thought I was going
to get a rich haul, but all the fellow
had was a few cents. He had fancy
pockets, but there was nothing in
them. He was too scared to ask for
the return of the money and I kept it."
Gabriel, says Wilett, told him there
was a man doing time in San Quentin
for robbery who was innocent of the
crime. Wilett claimed he did the job,
but an innocent man was suffering for
it.
Wilett boasted that it was an easy
Job to open a safe. He asked Gabriel
to advance him $35 with which to pur
chase an electric battery and piece of
carbon, and he could melt a way into
any safe no matter of what material it
constructed.
Just before he left Gabriel's employ
he asked Gabriel, in case he was
caught and taken to Redwood City to
visit him and to bring him some poison.
He said it would be an easy matter to
get it to him. He explained that if the
drug were put in. the center of a plug
of tobacco it would not be detected.
"I can chew around the outside of the
plug," he said, "and the officers will
never suspect that there is poison in
it. When the time comes I can take
the drug and it will be all over and no
one will know how I got it. I ask that
in case I am caught because I do not
want to go back to be all over and
know how I got it. I ask that
I am caught because I do not
go back to Folsom. I would
rather hang than spend another ten
year term there." ■
SUICIDE OF A TRAVELING
SALESMAN AT PORTLAND.
A. Goldsmith, Employed by a San
Francisco Firm, Succumbs
to Despondency.
POn.TL-"kNI». March 3.— A. Goldsmith,
traveling salesman for C. H. Meyer & i
Bros, of San Francisco, committed suicide
this morning in the Hotel Esmond by
shooting himself through the head. De- j
spondency, brought on by ill-health and j
worry, caused him to end his existence. |
He arrived here only a few days ago with i
samples of the firm he represented, and ;
spoke of his troubles to his friends. He
Stated that he was working on commis- ;
sion and owing to the dull times was
dissatisfied with his earnings. He also I
expressed fear that he might lose his
position. Although he acted despond- !
ently, no one thought he would kill him- j
self, and his rash act caused much sur- i
Prise. _______
L. C. Meyer, one of the members of the |
firm of which Golusmith was an employe, i
was seen last evening, and when told of j
Goldsmith's suicide, said: "His death is \
a great surprise to me, and I regret it
exceedingly. He was in our employ since
December last, and gave entire satisfac- j
tion. His accounts with us are correct,
and there is no reason why he should
end his life on that score. He always
complained of bad health, and that is i
the only way 1 can account for his tak
ing his own life."
THE "KING OF DUDES"
TO WED MISS MARLEY.
Los Angeles Belle Willing to Become ,
the Bride of the Notorious J.
Waldere Kirk.
NEW YORK, March 3.— A special dis
: patch to the Herald from St. Louis says: i
J. Waldere Kirk. "King of the Dudes, " |
arrived to-day from Los Angeles and is
stopping at tht- Planters' Hotel With
him are Mrs. Marley and daughter, of
Los Angeles. It was reported to-day that
Kirk and Miss .Marley would be mar
ried here within a lew dttys. The mother
and daughter did not come through from
Los Angeles with Kirk, but joined him
here at the hotel immediately after their
arrival. Kirk, who was at the hotel,
: sent up his card and he was at once ad
mitted. The trio have been together
most of the day, and for some time were
out of the hotel. Miss Marley calls him
"Jim." and they are affectionate. Miss
Marley was asked about the prospective I
marriage with Kirk, but she laughed and
said that there was nothing in it, blush
i ing, however, at the same time. She is
pretty and dresses stylishly. The Mar
leys are said to be among the wealthiest
families in Los Angeles. Kirk himself
has left word at the hotel desk that he
not in to any and all who ask for him.
A friend of his said that he and Mlsfl
Marley were to be married.
AFTERMATH OF
THE ZOLA TRIAL
One More Witness Has Been Chal-
lenged to Fight a Duel Because
of the Affair.
PARIS. March 3. — Colonel Henry, one of
the witnesses called In the recent trial of
M. Zola to contradict minor points of tes
timony given by Colonel Picquart, has
challenged the latter to a duel.
Colonel Henry In the course of his ex
amination lost his temper and cried:
"Picquart is a liar." Picquart, leaping to
his feet, cried to the jury: "I will tell
why he brings these charges against me
without proofs and denounces me as a
liar. It is because he Is one of the men
who manufactured the Esterhazy affair
as it was presented to the court-martial.
And he is one of those who engineered
with Major Paty dv Clam the previous
affair, and who forbade fresh inquiry into
the Dreyfus case when, in the course of
my duty, by reason of new discoveries as
to Esterhazy, I revealed the mistake that
had been made. He and they have at
tacked my honor as a man and aji offi
cer because 1 persisted in pursuing the in
quiry."
Colonel Henry succeeded Colonel Pic
quart recently as chief of the secret ser
vice division of the French War Depart
ment.
ANNEXATIONISTS ARE
GROWING DESPERATE.
Ready to Abandon the Treaty and
Take Up the Bill or Joint
Resolution.
WASHINGTON, March 3.— The major
ity against the ratification of the Hawaii
an annexation treaty in the Senate will
be eight or ten according to the latest es
timate made by friends of the treaty. The
present programme is to drop the "secret
consideration of the treaty and take up
the joint resolution In open session and
pass that. Next Saturday the decision
will be made whether it is wise to substi
tute a bill or Joint resolution for the
treaty and adopt the open discussion.
KILLED BY A RUNAWAY.
L. F. Perkins Meets Death on an
Arizona Grade.
BISBEE, Ariz., March 3.— Henry Pyatt,
a rancher, and his farm hand, L. F. Per
kins, were on their way to the Pyatt
ranch this afternoon with a load of feed
purchased here, drawn by four horses.
When about a mile east of town while
descending a steep grade, the horses be
came frightened at a passing train and
dashed down the hill. On reaching the
bottom the wagon was thrown over and
falling on Perkins killed him instantly
Pyatt was thrown some distance and
landed in a ditch of water, but escaped
injury. Perkins was about 40 years old
and single. He was a son of Dr E F
Perkins, a prominent physician of Lin
neus. Mo.
To Form a Grant Club.
SAN DIEGO. ; March 3.— About thirty
Republicans gathered to-night to discuss
the advisability of forming a club to sup
port U.S. Grant for United i States Sen
ator. Dr. Gochernaur presided and Mayor
Reed i and others made speeches eulogiz
ing 7 Mr. Grant. -A, committee was ap
pointed: to arrange- for a public meet
ing at which the Grant Club will be
formed, IPm ■"■■■
NOT A VICTIM
OF POLITICIANS
Other Reasons Urged for
the Murder of a Negro
Postmaster.
Congress Will Investigate the
Tragedies at Ada and
Lake City.
Resolutions Introduced to Provide
for the Families of the Murdered
Officials.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 3.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Infor
mation reached Washington to-day by
way of Atlanta that late Postmaster
Freeman, who was recently murdered
at Ada, Ga., was not a victim of po
litical prejudices, as has been asserted.
The killing of Freeman is not denied,
but an official investigation shows that
his enemies may have been prompted
to take his life for other than political
reasons. I showed Postmaster General
Gary a telegram setting forth this new
phase in the case to-night. At the De
partment of Justice nothing has been
received from Federal officials in Geor
gia who are investigating the case.
Walter Johnson, who recommesdea
the appointment of Freeman, is United
States Marshal in Georgia. Prior to
Freeman's appointment Representative
Lewis received letters from many prom
inent citizens of Ada, protesting against
the selection of Freeman. It was as
serted that his character was question
able, and he was not fitted to preside
over the postoffice to the satisfaction
of the best citizens. It is probable that
the widow of Freeman will be ap
pointed postmistress to succeed her
dead husband. That is the present in
clination of Postmaster General Gary.
Both the Ada and Lake City trage
dies will be the subject of Congression
al investigation. In the House Repre
sentative White, the only colored mem
ber of that body, who comes from North
Carolina, endeavored this morning to
have passed a resolution providing for
the payment of $1000 to the destitute
family of the late postmaster at Lake
City, in South Carolina. No action was
taken. . .
• In the Senate a resolution was intro
duced by Senator Mason of Illinois pro
viding for an investigation of the mur
der of Postmaster Baker at Lake City
and the burning of his home. Senator
Mason introduced a resolution lor the
relief crt the widow of Baker of Lake
City similar to that introduced in the
House by Representative White. Ma
son suggested " that $10,000, instead of
$1000. be paid to the colored woman and
her surviving children. No action was
taken on the resolution, it going over
under the rules.
A DRYTOWN TRAGEDY
CAUSED BY DRINK.
Edward McKirtley, a Pioneer of the
Place, Is Fatally Stabbed by-
James Currier.
JACKSON, March 3.— Edward M. Kirt
ley aged 65. a pioneer of Drytown, was
instantly killed last night by James Cur
rier aged 70. Both were living at Willow
Springs, three miles from Drytown.
where the tragedy occurred. It is said
they had been indulging freely in wine
during the day while they were branding
cattle Currier went to the Central House
to gather cattle and on returning home
was upbraided by Klrtley for being so
late Currier says that Kirtley became
so enraged that he was about to attack
him as he was in the act of splitting kin
dling wood with a small butcher knife to
start a fire. As Kirtley came toward him
Currier made a thrust with the knife,
striking Kirtley in the neck and cutting
his jugular. He died before a doctor
reached him.
Coroner Church held an inquest to-day
at the scene of the killing. Currier was
brought to Jackson to-night by Constable
Scoble of Plymouth and lodged in jail.
Deceased had been a widower for many
years. His slayer is a single man.
NEW CHARTER CLUB'S
MAN FOR CITY CLERK.
Indorses the Committee's Selection of
J. M. Allen — Candidates File
Petitions.
SAN JOSE, March 3.— The New Charter
Club this evening indorsed the commit
tee report, naming J. M. Allen for City
Clerk in the place of G. W. Campbell,
resigned.
The following candidates filed petitions
with the City Clerk to-day: A. B. Mc-
Neil for Mayor; A. J. Cole, Appointing
Board, and W. G. Rogers, Councilman
Fourth Ward.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
lV<r"«rsy§L despised, dreaded
' life^Si&S^lJ'r'' * nd avoided -. He
ffllHl*igiBy|iy - who robs a man
ffl^\UinhBsBy Fi — unawares. Men
J/\\ tW^Bt •] ' hate him worse
\\l hi 11// ■/ 1 - than the more
l) Ll W\ •*► '^^ b°ld highwayman
■^ HjL*. U*s whose attack ia
made in the open. There are some dis-
eases that are like pickpockets. They
are sneaks. If men only knew it, these
sneaking diseases are more to be dreaded
than small -pox or yellow fever. The
sneaking disease begins with some slight
disorder of the digestion and sluggish ac-
tion of the bowels. The blood becomes
disordered and the body receives insuffi-
cient or improper nutriment. Emacia-
tion follows and the sufferer is troubled
with nervous prostration, brain fag, and
debility, and very likely falls a victim to
that dread destroyer, consumption. All
this happens before the sufferer fairly
realizes that he is in danger.
These sneaking diseases that undermine
a man's constitution, and rob him of his
health . are conquered , by Dr. . Pierces
Golden Medical Discovery. It puts
strength into every fiber of the body and
replaces the lethargy of sickness with the
buoyancy of health. It is the best blood-
maker and flesh-builder known to science.
Mr. A. W. Caynes, of Elkhart, Elkhart Co.,
Indiana, writes: "I send you a testimonial in
regard to Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discovery
and what it did forme in acute inflammation of
the liver, about six years ago, when I had an at-
tack in Los Angeles, Cal.,. and also one since I
came here. I consider Dr. Pierces Golden Med-
ical Discovery one of the best medicines offered
to a suffering people to-day. It has only to be
given a fair trial to prove itself such."
Dr. Pierces Common Sense Medical Ad-
viser has had a larger sale than any other
book of this class ever offered the public.
This book of 1,008 pages with 300 illustra-
tions is full, from cover to cover, of practi-
cal advice on health matters. This great
book, in henvy manilla covers, is now of-
fered frek to whoever will send 21 one-cent
stamps to pay for mailing only. If an ele-
gant French cloth binding is desired, send
10 cents extra: 31 cents in all World's Dis-
pensary Medical Association, Buffalo, N. Y.
ADVERTISEMENTS. . •
filled with I
*$?«$? - What greets your eyes now are only new i
4*4* things, the prettiest things gathered from ■■'-.
*&*s* the marts, the fashionable marts of the. s-
4*4* world. , ■■•■ >•• . ■
f^ff^f The merry race for the Spring Trade- >
4*4* has begun. As usual, we begin it first. The .\
ibis? heads of our various departments have ■
4*4* screwed their energies up . to the highest ,
«i?^ pitch. Each one vies with the other to have
4*4* his department do the leading and largest.
fjbfjj* business. The management of the Big •
4*4* Kearny- street Store aids them. ,:.. •■ •
fjjfjj? Here's what they have prepared for you
4*4* to-day and to-morrow ; but you must not :
&$> expect the prices beyond the days adver r
4*4* Used: . :
The Boys' Hat Department
offers for to-day and to-morrow
some 300 dozen Golf Caps, all
new spring styles and a big lot of
blu&s among 'em. These will be
offered to you at
15g.
dr/S±r&? The Juvenile
%Y^T?£ Department of-
■ ,.j \*)/ m fers as an at-
, Cgpff^ffisy^ traction for to-
Vc/ /L^" \ day and to-mor-
ijn r^^rA row some 300
\taU ° •^ - J/ Suits, made in
r o „ - the double-
W *- breasted fash-
M -rr| ion, for boys be-
ij A J J tween, the ages
tj\l of 6 and 15.
3 B They're good,
W % serviceable suits
JQ T — well made arid
<s^ <> in spring color-
ings.
These to-day and to-morrow at
$1.00.
A pretty crop ,:
of new Spring (^^x\
Suits for little jr^L'
folks between S&Jr^>*^
the ages of 3 and tf^ia^P^
7, with their /^PgpM \
little vest. Pret- Mj j
ty colorings,
choice and new. T \ rY
Nothing in town 4\\\\\
like 'em at dou- i| [ "11
Me the price. *fg& tB
To-day and \iß . fiiS
to-morrow you W\\\ ™\f\
will find these *& "^
suits on sale at
The men's Hat
f^* X Department has
a big attraction
tfor you. It con-
~^%r sists of some 200
W^ dozen Men's
Sk^ / fashionable Al-
\_\ pine Hats, as
V/OV shown in picture
'Hhr^/ p opposite ; double
'/fis/ the money
wouldn't touch
'em in other stores: To-day and
to-morrow they will be a feature
in the department at
600.
A WHIRL IN MEN'S neckwear.
Some of the .
prettiest and
newest thing* /»x
for spring wear *'*!,"
Silks, and you WJ^/ ( /Z\
can have- your yBkUJS I Sk \
pick frovv the **|WM!I f jJk \
Four- i n- - Ha nd , «\VV|
the Puff Scarf. i^^^^^m
the Knot Scarf ■^Es^S
End Four -in -
Hand. It's a
pretty lot of goods— cost double
money elsewhere. To-day and
to-morrow they will be a feature
in our Men's Furnishing De- j
partment at
A White Shirt feature in our
Men's Furnishing section— To
day and to-morrow we will have
on sale some, 250 dozen Men's
Dress Shirts, correct styles in
bosoms; laundered goods, re-
liable goods ; double the money
elsewhere wouldn't buy a better
shirt. These at
490.
Two Entire Buildings— B Floors
A -V-:
;
TO
11 • : *"
MEN, ' ■ ' ■•
What we have to say to out /"
men folks is that a simple . {
glance into our Big Corner ■■■
Window will tell them what is -.
absolutely correct for Spring ; .
wear, and there are some re-*;
markable price revelations in :
that window. '. '"'■'■
In fact, we are the only ones
showing up new things 'for'
Spring and the only ones show- '*
ing up a complete line. . ..
A Suit Feat-
ure to-day and p^
to-morrow. On \^
the side we show
you a very pretty i^^y\
Single- breasted, I ) I\\
Sack Suit. It's j » T£»V
the mw spring \IL Vy'A-
cut of the Sack ;
a very pretty |y( F^
and genteelg enteel //|
garment. In I/ . ij . ■-■ • '
brownish effects ". 11l I U'.. ! . -
as : well as in WvJ. : -
blue and black. * . •' \ .
We will : star .■ ...
these Suits at . •/ .••
$4.95.
A star feature
_ |^ in Overcoats for •
JLZ7 to-day and to~
7«y* morro w. T hit >
3lC7v prettiest thing.-
/ tyi* f\ for Men wear
/ r \ \ for spring is a .
I v 11 Covert Coat, in,
I J / those Tan
Ih fjLf shades, in the
«i lS»f box length. It's '
TJ real swells in
S*— s*r fact, the only
\\\\ l stylish Top Over- -
\\\ I coat and the *
' \ i\\ I only correct
\ |\\ 1 thing for men's
Jh^eft wear. These .
Tan Coverts
have satin sleeve
linings. Double the money
wouldn't touch 'em in- other \
stores. ' : ■ :'■ -
For these to-day and to-mor-
row we say :.-■..: -
$7.50.
A High- Class . "' ;.
Trouser feature flljjP^Y • '-. : '* >*
for gentlemen's 7^
wear to-day and t..-± -
tO'T?vorrow~ /B , '•' "' '
We have taken IB: j* 'Jh \
some of our pret- I ■ E_[ V \
tiest Worsted I ig--^j%J
Trousers. the I j^^ss^i^^-
colorings are all l^|i§fpf|]
new, and they're WsMjo%\ ' :
real swell and wffi '.
excellently tail- iP^^
ored. They're \WWfi
Form Fitting W-Wm ■ -
Trousers, right ' mWi' '■'
up to date, and
built for those <
that like stylish &> ''M
Trousers. Were W
ive to say double v
the money you
wouldn't ■ hesitate paying it,
but it will be a star feature in,
our department devoted to
Single Trousers. To-day and
to-morrow these at
$2.50.
34
HENRY T. GAGE
FOR GOVERNOR
Los Angeles Attorney to
Be Put Forward for
the Place.
May Profit by Not Having Ed
itor Otis' Support Before
Nomination.
Among Those Anxious to Succeed
Senator White Are R U. Bulla,
U. S. Grant and A. Kinney.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, March 3.— There is a
strong and growing disposition on the
part of the Southern California Repub- !
lioans to get behind Henry T. Gage of !
this city for Governor. Mr. Gage has
heretofore been frequently spoken of in j
connection with the United States Sen- j
atorship, to Bucceed White, and it was
supposed he would enter the light. It
has, however, for some time been an
open secret among Mr. Gage's friends
that he had no disposition to strive for
an office which, if secured, would take
him out of California, and his friends;
say that he has definitely decided not
to bother about the Betiatorshlp. Tin
same people assert that Mr. Gage
would not be at all averse to accepting
the nomination for Governor.
Gage is admittedly one of the strong- j
est men in his party in this end of the
State He is a lawyer of much abil-1
ity. and is a man of great force of!
character. He possesses all the ele
ments which will enable him to make a
rattling campaign, Including an ample
private fortune. It is not believed that j
the relations between him ami Colonel
Otis of the Times, those of lawyer and
client, would prove nearly so disastrous
to his chances as a candidate for Gov
ernor as if he was an aspirant for the
Senatorship. In fact, Otis would prob
ably decline to recede from his position
in favor of Fitzgerald for Governor,
even if Gage became a candidate. This
will be an advantage to Gage, as it is
conceded by all that Otis' support is
much nn .-re desirable after nomination .
than before. Mr. Gage is, of course, at
this time not an assured candidate, but
The Call correspondent car. state with i
a degree of certainty that he will not
lefuse the support now being tendered
him, and that his name will be pre
sented to the r.ext Republican State
Convention for the gubernatorial nomi
nation.
This leaves the Fo-uthern California
Senatorial field to Hon. It. V. Bulla of
this city and [J. S. Grant of Kan Diego,
with a very strong impression prevail
. ing here that the Senutorship will go
to the north. The Democrats believe
that Senator White's successor should
come from the srruth, and since that
gentleman's retirement have been cast
ing around for a suitable candidate.
They believe they have fuund one in
the person of Abbot Klnney, a wealthy
resident of this city, who is one of the
Kinney brothers who manufacture cig
arettes. Mr Kinney has always been
prominent in politics here, and at pres
ent is one c-f Governor Budd's Yosemite
commissioners. He is what is known
as a reform Democrat, but it is be
lieved that he would require but little
persuasion to enter the Senatorial fight,
and being in it it is believed that he
would loosen up sufficiently to make
it very warm for his opponents.
POLICE PROHIBIT
ALL FESTIVITIES.
Russians Do Not Relish Celebrations
in Honor of the Memory of a
Great Polish. Poet.
BERLIN, March 3.— A dispatch to the
Lokal Anzeiger from Warsaw says the
police have prohibited all festivities in
connection with the centenary of the
birth of the poet Adam Mickiewicz. The
prohibition has made a great sensation.
Mickiewiecz, the Polish poet, was (
born in 1798, and died in 1855. In 1825
he visited the Crimea, which inspired
a collection of sonnets greatly admired
for excellence of rhythm and rich col
oring. Three years later appeared his
"Konrad Wallenrod." a narrative poem I
describing the battles of Knights of the
Teutonic order with the heathen Lithua- j
nians. Here, under a thin veil, he rep
resented the sanguinary passage-at
arms and burning hatred that had
characterized the long feuds of the
Russians and Poles. The objects of the
poem, though evidently many, escaped
the Russian censors, and It was suf
fered to appear. With his "Pan Tad
uesz," usually considered his master
piece, he did much to stimulate the ef
forts of the Poles to shake off their
Russian conquerors.
HIS HOLINESS IS
WARMLY ACCLAIMED.
Diplomatic Corps Accredited to the
Holy See Congratulate the Pope.
Commemorative Mass Held.
ROME. March 3.— The Pope to-day re
ceived in separate audience each member
of the diplomatic corps accredited to the
■Holy See, who called to congratulate his
Holiness upon the twenty-first year of his
pontificate, which opens to-day. After
ward there was the commemorative mass
in the Sistine Chapel. The Pope, wear
ing the triple crown, arrived in the Sedia
Gestatoria, surrounded by the usual
guards and other officials. The galleries
were occupied by the members of the
Sacred College, the diplomats, the
Knights of Malta and the Roman pa
triarchs. Cardinal Vannutrelli celebrated
maps and at its conclusion the Pope in
toned the Te Deum and pronounced the
apostolic benediction. There was an im
mense congregation present and his Holi
ness was warmly acclaimed.
Belgian Antarctic Expedition.
NEW YORK. March 3.— The Brooklyn
Standard-Union publishes a letter from
Dr. Frederick A. Cook, surgeon of the
Belgian Antarctic expedition, dated Ushu
ala. Terra del Fuego. December 27. He
wrote: We have come in here to take
our last supply of coal. To-morrow we
will start south under steam, passing out
west of Cape Horn to the South Bhet
lands, thence to Cape Seymour, along
the eastern border of Graham's Land in
Larsen's track, to the farther south, then
east and out of the ice again, perhaps
In the neighborhood of Enderby Land
After visiting some of the sub-Antarctic
islands — Bonnets, Prince Edwards, K< r
guelen—the Belgica will be put into Mel
bourne to winter. There will be no
wintering party left south until next
year, unless the ship Is held in the pack.
*«. .
Appropriations Increased.
WASHINGTON. March 3.— The Senate
Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds to-day made a favorable report
on the following amendments to the sun
dry civil appropriation bill: Extending
the limit of the cost of the buildings at
St. Paul to $250,000; extending the limit
of the cost of the building at Stockton,
Cal., to $156,900, and appropriating $50,000
for the purchase of a site for a. public
buildine at Butte, Montj
NINE PERSONS
PERISH AT SEA
Pleasure Craft Caught
in a Squall and
Capsized.
Entire Family From Bridge
port, Conn., Among the
Victims.
Captain of the Schooner Loses His
Three Little Boys— Only Four
Survivors.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KEY WEST. Fla., March 3.— The
schooner Speedwell, Captain Collier,
from Marco, Fla., for Key West, was
struck by a Fquall to-day while off
Marquesas, eighteen miles from here,
j and capsized. Nine persons were
j drowned out of thirteen on board.
Among the victims were three chil
dren of Captain Collier— George, Tom
and Wilbur, aged respectively four,
1 six and eight, and the entire Nichols
family — Bradley Nichols and his wife,
their son and the latter's wife, and two
grandchildren. The family was from
Bridgeport, Conn.
Those saved are: Captain Collier;
Samuel Kates, deckhand; Jesse Green,
' deckhand, and H. W. Bates of Myers,
Fla., a passenger.
The Nichols family is said to have
been well-to-do. All had been staying
for a month or two at a small hotel
kept by Captain Collier at Marco, and
they were on their way home.
The survivors say the Speedwell was
making slow headway this morning
against a head wind. About 7 o'clock
Captain (.'oilier was at the wheel and
the Nichols family and the Collier
children were in the cabin asleep. Sud
denly a squall came howling up abeam.
Kates and Green rushed to take In
sail, but as the Jib Mapped loose the
Bquall caught the schooner and blew
her over on the port fide. Collier, the
deckhands and Mr. Bates were swept
into the sea, but caught the rigging
just in time to save themselves.
The wind, rain and waves drowned
the dying cries of the imprisoned Nich
ols family and the Collier children.
They were penned down below like
rats. The wife of the younger Nichols
rose to the skylight. She waved her
hand to th° men, and that is the last
they p:i\v of her. The elder Mr. Nichols
was the only one to get out of the
cabin, but he was swept away and
drowned.
The men who escaped lashed them- |
selves to the rigging. After the sea
subsided they got the dingy loose, I
bailed her out with a hat. broke 1
a thwart into two pieces and with these
for oars rowed toward Marquesas.
After going three miles they were
picked up exhausted by a fishing sloop I
and brought here about 4 o'clock this ;
afternoon. Soon after being in port |
Captain Collier and Jesse Green went:
out on the yacht Buccaneer, accom
panied by a diver, to try to recover the
bodies. .
ENGLISH ELECTIONS"
PASS OFF QUIETLY.
Returns Show the Progressives Have
Elected Sixty-Seven Candidates
and the Moderates Forty.
LONDON, March 3.— The elections hay«
passed off with no notable incident. The
attempt of the Earl of Denbigh to oust
John Burns in Battersea failed. The Earl
Russell, progressive candidate, was de
feated at Hammersmith. Among those
re -elect. (1 were the Earl of Hardwicke,
Baron Monkswell. Sir Horace Farquahar,
the Right Hon. G. J. Shaw-Lefevre and
Sir J. B. Tundell Maple.
The latest returns show that the pro
gressives have elected sixty-seven of
their candidates and the moderates forty.
A recount will be necessary in Chelsea
anil the results in the city proper, Ful
ham and Wadsworth will not be declared
until to-morrow. Thus far the progres
sives show a net gain of thirteen seats.
The moderates have gained only two
seats In Central Finslniry. and this was
owing to a split in the progressive ranks.
The pollings show no marked increase
over previous elections, but the return of
a number of extreme socialists is a fea
ture of the result. It is expected that
the progressives will have a majority of
at least twenty-four in the new County
Council.
Despite the disagreeable sleet and rain
great crowds awaited the results in
Fleet street, at Battersea and other cen
ters of exciting contests. There was a
great gathering of Liberal politicians at
the National I-iberal Club, where the
progressive victories were hailed with
delighted cheering.
PROBABLY FATAL FALL
DOWN A MINING SHAFT.
George Jennings of San Jose Badly-
Injured at the Senson Gravel
Mine.
SAN ANDREAS. March 3.— George Jen
nings, a son of Byron Jennings of San
Jose, who is operating the Senson gravel
mine, half a mile west of town, was seri
ously if not fatally injured this evening.
The young man was employed in the
shaft, which is about seventy-five feet
deep, with a sump of twenty feet, super
intending the repairing of a large pump.
When he started to scale the ladder to go
on top he evidently missed his footing, for
he fell to the landing below and rolled
through the manhole into the sump.
The miners in the shaft saw him strike
the landing, but were unable to rescue
him until he had tumbled off into the
sump, which contained fifteen feet of wa
ter. His comrades quickly rushed to his
assistance and saved him from drowning.
When brought to the surface he was
unconscious, and an examination of his
injuries by a physician disclosed an ugly
wound on the back of his head that may
prove fatal.
Not a Favorite in the Seven.
NEW ORLEANS, March 3.— The track
was muddy and sticky io-day, and the
weather was cloudy. Hugh Penny won
his fourth successive race since he was
claimed from J. J. McCaferty. Not a
favorite won.
Six furlongs— Hugh Penny won, Treopia
second, Irish lady third. Time, 1:18.
Seven furlongs, selling— Liewana won,
Battledore second, Harry Lee third. Time,
1:35.
One mile, selling— Nannie L's Sister
won, Jamboree second, Robert Bonner
third. Time, 1:49%.
Seven furlongs, selling— Sister Clara
won, l.oh Millican second, Vanessa third.
Time, 1:33%.
Six furlongs— Halton won. High Test
second. Stanza third. Time, 1:19.
Seven furlongs— Tom Kingsley won, Joe
Shelby second, Wolford third. Time, 1:35.
Nominated by the President.
WASHINGTON', March 3.— The Presi
dent sent the following nominations to
the Senate :
Osgood C. Blaney, to be assistant ap
praiser of merchandise, district of Boston
and Charleatown, Mass; Edwin R. Dur
ham, to be marshal for the western dis
trict of Missouri.
Postmasters: California— E. J. Mcßrlde,
Dixon; Reuben Hunger, Livermore; Geo.
M Francis, Napa.
Idaho— A. i\ Caldwell, Pocatello* -'^
THE SAX FBANCISCO CALL, FKIDAY, MARCH 4, 1898.
AGED MOTHER
AGAINST SON
Mrs. Flannelly's Story of
the Redwood City
Tragedy.
Prisoner Listens With Stolid
Indifference to Her
Testimony.
Sister of the Parricide Also Reletes
the Circumstances of the
Crime.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. March 3.— The story of
the killing of Patrick Flannelly by his
son Thomas Flannelly at Redwood City
on October 26 last was told
in Judge Lorigan's court to-day
by the defendant's mother and
sister. Flannelly sat beside his attor
neys and showed not the least bit of
emotion. He did not look up as his
aged mother entered the courtroom
I weeping. He sat impassively through
the proceedings, and not once did he
wince as the story of his horrible crime
was retold.
The courtroom was crowded with
spectators. When court opened thia
morning District Attorney Walker of
San Mateo County made the opening
statement of the case for the prosecu
tion. His outline was a repetition of
the facts of the crime as told before.
W. P. Gilbert, County Surveyor of
San Mateo County, was the first wit- i
ness. He produced a map of the house
of Patrick Flannelly, where the homi
cide occurred, and explained the draw
ing.
John Kerr, brother-in-law of Flan
nelly, then took the stand. He lived at |
the home of his wife's father and was J
in the house at the time of the murder. ;
The witness said Flannelly came to his !
house about 8:30 o'clock that night and j
asked '"Where is Pop?" On being told !
that his father was in bed the defend- \
ant rushed upstairs. Then there were i
some words between father and son.
Flannelly was heard to say, "You have
served some papers on me and I told j
you not to do it when you served some
papers on me before." The father re
piled to the effect that ne did not wish
to annoy his son personally by what
he had done. His sole object had been ]
to compel the partner to get out of the
business. Then the son said: "Take ;
these back," repeating the words in a i
loud tone three times. These exclama- :
tions were followed by the words, also
repeated three times, "Do you see
this?" and three shots immediately fol- j
lowed. After the shooting the son ran ;
downstairs and rode away to the
ranch.
Mrs. Kerr gave similar testimony to
her husband. She said that when her ■
brother started to ride away she asked i
him if he had shot their father, and he |
replied, "Yes, I shot him — shot him ,
right through the brain." She said her j
father kept a pistol between the mat- j
tresses. She denied that four shots
had been fired.
Mrs. Catherine Flannelly, widow of
Patrick Flannelly and mother of the
accused, was then supported to the
stand. She was heavily veiled and was
weeping as she took the stand. She
did not look toward her son. Her story
was as follows:
"My husband retired about 6:30
o'clock that night. About 8:30 Tom
came up the stairs. He came into my
room, lighted a candle and went to my
husband's room. He left the door
open, so I could see what was happen
ing. Tom asked his father why he had
the papers served upon him, and his
father replied that as fur as he was
concerned it was all right, but that he
did not want Doyle to stay there with
out paying rent. Tom was furnishing
the family with milk and butter. When
Tom asked his father to take the pa
pers back his father told him to go
away, as he was drunk. Tom said he
was not drunk, and then pulled out a
pistol. His father said: 'Don't point
that at me,' but Tom began shooting
right away. I saw him with the pistol
in his hand and saw the shots fired.
At the time he was shot Mr. Flannelly
was leaning on his elbow, and his other
hand was at his side. He did not do
anything to prevent Tom from shoot
ing him. The bed covers were over
him except on his shoulders. There
was a pistol under the mattress, but I
am sure he never had it out. About
two weeks before I told Tom that if he
would not have anything more to do
with Doyle there would be no more
trouble."
Mrs. Flannelly said that Tom had
always been dutiful and obedient up to
the time of the sad occurrence and had
never done anything to give pain to his
parents. Tom had always been a hard
working boy. He worked six years on
the ranch, and before that had been
for many years in the employ of the
Spring Valley Water Company in San
Francisco. Besides furnishing the fam
ily with milk Tom paid the Insurance
and taxes on the dairy property. She
said she had not seen her son since the
night of the crime. She said that in
conversation with Tom weeks before
her husband had told Tom that he did
not want Doyle to remain on any of
his property, and her son promised to
get r4d of Doyle as soon as he could
get some one to take his place.
Dr. W. M. Barrett of Redwood City
testified to Patrick Flannelly's wounds.
BLACKMAN CONVICTED
OF EMBEZZLEMENT.
As Secretary of the Los Angeles
Lighting Company He Pur
loined $3000.
LOS ANGELES, March 3.— At 11 o'clock
this evening a Jury, after being out. five
hours, found W. R. Blackman, ex-secre
tary of the Los Angeles Lighting Com
pany guilty of embezzlement. Blackman
was for years a trusted employe of the
company. He was an expert acountar.t
and It waft a great surprise to the people
of this city when some time ago lie was
found to be an embezzler. This fact he
admitted to the officers of the lighting
company, stating that he had taken some
where about $3000. Blackman was a prom
inent member of the church and moved in
high society social circles. i-.\-;= :
A few days after the discoveries with
regard to Blackman. Captain M. G. T'.ol
ton, the bookkeeper of the company, com
mitted suicide. His accounts were found
to be short. Blackmail's defense was that
the shortage charged against him was
really Bolton's shortage, hut the jury did
not believe him.
>
Claims It Is a Conspiracy.
SAN DIEGO, March 3.— Seth Abbott of
this city, aged 80 years, father of the late
Emma Abbott, has been sued for $10,000
damages for assault by Mrs. Catherine
Owens, a widow of about 180 pounds. Ab
bott says It is a conspiracy.
Only a Small Pocket Found.
YREKA, March 3.— The account of a
rich strike in this county is not con
firmed. A small pocket of a few hundred
dollars was found in Quartz Valley.
HORSE MEAT
SOLD AS BEEF
Health Officers of Los
Angeles on the Trail
of Butchers.
Colts Cut Up and Sold to the
Public as Chofce
Veal.
Two Markets Found to Contain Flesh
Wholly Unfit for Human
Food.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. March 3.— Horse
meat and the flesh of colts has been
sold in Los Angeles markets for veal
and nice cuts of beef. Not until to-day
was this fact clearly established be- !
yond any doubt, although the police j
and health departments have for some I
weeks been aware of the fact that ex
traordinary flesh of some kind was be
ing worked off on the public.
Meat Inspector Hughes has discov
ered that B. Gatterez, who owns and
conducts a meat market at Ord apd
New High streets, is one of the syndi
cate who have been disposing of choice
roasts off young colts and steak that j
came from the body of old and de- I
crepit mustangs. At an early hour this i
morning Gatterez was held up by Po
lice Officer Lennon. He was driving a
double team at the time, and when j
asked what he had in his wagon said j
that it was the carcass of a calf which i
he had purchased with the cow that he
was leading. The officer only made a
superficial examination, and when Gat- \
terez gave his place of business and !
said that he had purchased the stock j
from a dairyman named Andorf, in |
Eagle Rock Canyon, he was allowed to j
go his way. It was quite dark at the j
time, but whether the officer's suspi
cions were aroused by the peculiar ap- !
pearance of the alleged cow, which aft- ;
erward turned out to be a yearling j
colt, or some other cause, he reported
the matter to headquarters when he j
went in.
As soon as Detectives Auble and j
Flammer came in they were not- j
ifled, and, knowing that Gatte- ;
rez was under suspicion, they, j
with Meat Inspector Hughes, at j
once commenced an investigation, i
Flammer drove out to Andorf's place ,
and found that Gatterez had purchased
two colts there the evening before. :
This fact being established Auble went
to Gatterez's shop and after making
some inquiries went out into the back
yard where he found one of the colts i
tied up. There was what appeared to j
be a pile of gunny sacks lying on the
ground, and when these were turned
over the headless carcass of the other
colt was found. The first joints of the
ten had been removed, evidently at the
plane where the colt was butchered, as
no traces of them was found, but on
searching about the place the missing
head was found in a barrel.
Later Inspector Hughes returned on
a new trail. He had traced another i
horse last night to a hovel on New
High street occupied by an Italian :
butcher named Cicci. who runs the i
Arizona marker. The house contains
three rooms and is tuthy in the ex- |
treiiie. In onp of the sleeping rooms j
there was indisputable evidence that ,
some «»<>rt of a carcass had been butch
ered during th. night. There were nu
meroofl bloodstains on the floor, as well ,
ii^ t 1 - <es of b'.ne and flesh, which In- |
spector Hnfhefl unhesitatingly pro
nounced horseflesh.
Another visit to Gatterez's shop dis
closed the fact that a cow absolutely
putrid was being weighed preparatory
to being cut up for customers. This
was condemned and carried away. The
Meat Inspector will push his investiga
tion and the sale of meat, colts, horses
and putrid cows will become a demor
alized local industry.
VARSITY TEAM AGAIN BEATEN.
PALO ALTO, March 3.-To-day the
Stanford Varsity again met defeat on its
own diamond. This time, in place of the
Alumni nine, it was the Santa Clara team
that came off victorious. The score was
9 to 4. The difference in the play of the
two teams was marked. The Santa Clara
nine, which has been under the eye of Joe
Cofbett showed team work and was par
ticularly clever with the stick, relying for
hits for the most Dart on bunts, lne
Stanford players did not work together
urn] seemed over anxious when batting.
This resulted in Kelly striking out eight
men, while but five hits were made off his
delivery. In fielding the Santa Clara boys
played a better game, covering more
ground and rarely missing a chance. The
errors stood. Stanford 7 and Santa Clara
2. A new man was tried out in the Stan
ford box. Wrigley '01 pitched nine in
nings for the Vanity. His work was
steady, as he walked but one man.
Pacific Coast Pensions.
WASHINGTON, March S.-Penslons
have been granted as follows: California:
Original— William H. Sayers, Jacinto, $3;
Lelund 11. Shaw, Soldiers' Home. Los Att
| geles. $8; Robert J. Smith. San Francisco,
$C; Charles McCann. San Diego, $8.
Twenty years service— Christian Peterson,
San Francisco, $20 50. Ten years service
—Albert Oarren. United States Naval
Hospital. Mare Island. $S; William Colby,
San Francisco, $6; James A. Rourke. San
Diego, $i'>. Increase— Adam C. Hogaboom,
Los Angeles. $ir, to $17. Reissues and in
crease—Patrick Kennedy, Soldiers' Home,
Los Angeles, $S to $10.
Oregon: Increase— George W. de Bord,
Independence, $6 to $12: Josiah M. Brew-
Bter. Florence, $6 to $8; Gideon Wright,
Roseburg. $6 to $8. M _
Washington: Original— Jamos McDer
mott. Vancouver, $s. Increase— David
Glfford, Pullman. $10 to $14; Aquilla D.
Woolbert, Spokane, $tj to $8.
New Island Thrown Up.
PARIS, March 3.— An island, it is an
nounced here, has suddenly appeared on
the northwest coast of Borneo, opposite
the town of La Buan. Its apparition ap
pears to be due to the earthquake which
occurred in September in British Borneo.
The island is composed of clay and rock.
It measures two hundred yards in length
by fifty in width, and it has pone on in
creasing since its first emergence.
As to Oscar Wilde.
PARTS, March 3.— Le Clair says: "Os
car Wilde's presence is announced within
our walls. The too-celebrated English
author has been seen in several public es
tablishments. His troubles do not appear
to have damaged his health. He has even
put on a little too much flesh. Otherwise
his appearance is always one of supreme
elegance — an elegance increased by es
thetic originality."
Found Dying in a Field.
CHICO, March 3.— 8. Cooper, aged
about 60 years, was this afternoon found
in a field near his home in an unconscious
condition. He was carried home, but died
shortly after being taken into the house.
He leaves an aged widow, three sons and
two daughters. Heart failure is said to
have been the cause of his death.
The Deer Island Concession.
LONDON. March 4.— A dispatch to the
Times from Kobe, Japan, says: The
Deer Island concession to Russia is
strongly disapproved in Corea. and it is
reported that the representatives of some
of the foreign governments recommend
limiting the island a foreign settlement.
A NEW ERA IN
GOLD MINING
Unique Reduction Works
to Be Established at
Barstow.
Important Event in Southern
California's Mining
History.
Capital Invested in Low Grade Ore
Ledges Will Soon Begin to
Yield Returns.
Special Dispatch to the Call.
POMONA, March 3.— A most import
ant event In Southern California min
ing is the contracting for a fifty-stamp
mill, combined with a modern cyanide
and smelter, at Barstow, in San Ber
nardino County. The contract for the
reduction works has been signed this
week, the Colorado Iron Works of Den
ver getting it. Stamps will be set up
by June, and the whole reduction plant
will be ready to do business by Au
gust.
F. M. Moers and C. D. Burcham, who
have made fortunes in Randsburg and
desert mines, back the enterprise, and
the Santa Fe Railroad Company has
also aided the project. In some par
ticulars the cyanide works will be
unique.
Samuel W. Belding of St. Louis, who
bought the White Granite group of
low-grade gold mines on the Mojave
desert several weeks ago for $40,000,
said to-day: "The reduction works at
Barstow will be the best that
money can provide. The works will
do much toward the development of
the mining industry of Southern Cali
fornia. The opening of this plant
will mark a new era in gold
mining in this region. Tens of thous
ands of dollars now invested in low
grade ledges will begin to yield returns
to their investors. The institution will
be able to handle 500 tons of ore a day
by the three reduction processes, and
by some additions at any time the ca
pacity may be increased to 800 tons.
Some* of the machinery is loaded at
Denver now and the grading for the
spur railroad which will connect the
reduction works with the Santa Fe
Railroad is progressing.
"The plant will be located on the ele
vation Just west of Barstow station.
The ore will be run upon the hill and
dumped into chutes to the mill. The
tailings will be run from the mill to
the cars on lower tracks and thus min
imize the expense. The Mojave River,
near by, will be pumped for water for
the institution. With the reduction
works in running order the value of all
desert gold mines in Southern Califor
nia will be increased many fold."
DECISION TO BE TESTED.
Are the Los Angeles Police Courts
Illegally Constituted?
I.OS ANGisSLJES, March 3.— The decision
of Judge Van Dyke declaring the Police
Courts of this city to be illegally consti
tuted is to be tested in the Supreme Court
of the State. George Mitchell was tried
by Police Judge M. T. Owens and con
victed of disturbing the peace, receiv
intj thlrtv daya sentence therefor. His
attorneys have tiled a petition for a writ
of habeas corpus, and filed it with the
clerk of the Supreme Court. Tho writ
is asked for on the ground that the w mt
nev' act under which the Police Courts
of' this city are constituted is constitu
tional, and also inapplicable to this ci t>
which has a population of over IW.OOO
people.
WATSONVILLE NATIVES.
Meet and Elect Delegates to the
Grand Parlor.
WATSONVILT/E, March 3.— At a large
and "enthusiastic meeting of Watsonvllle
Parlor of Native Sons, held Wednesday
night, Charks M. Cassin and George G.
Rndcliff wre elected as delegates to the
grand parlor, which convenes in Nevada
City on Monday. April 2S. By unanimous
vote of the parlor George G. Radcliff was
WAKE UP !
HOW MUCH LONG-
er do you propose
to dream? You feel
yourself becoming
weaker day by day.
Do you propose to do
anything about it. or
do you propose to lie
down and die? You
have your own future
in your own keeping,
and do you really mean
to say that it is pleas-
ant to know that you
are but half a man?
If you heard some one
say that about you on
the sidewalk you would
be annoyed— but it's
the truth. Why not be
a man? Are you
ashamed to ask help?
A few thousand peo-
ple felt in just the way
you do. But each one
of them decided that
it was better to seek
help, if help could be
had. Do you want to
know who they were?
A 2-cent stamp will
bring you a heap of
circulars and testimo-
nials telling you all
about "HUDYAN," the
great renvdio -tr'-at-
ment. "HUDYAN ' has
cured over ten thou-
sand people. Do you
imagine that your case
is the worst the world
has ever seen? Cease
your fretting. It mat-
ters not as to whether
you have blood taint,
catarrhal trouble or
kidney disease, a per-
forated liver or a fit of
nervous depression: All
filike are very prompt-
ly helped by the doc-
tors of the Institute.
But you have got to
make the first effort.
Why not make it TO-
DAY? If you want to
continue to be puny,
you certainly can do
so, but any human be-
ing, if he has his fac-
ulties about him, wants
to
BE A MAN!
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
STOCKTON. MARKET AND ELLIS STB.
San Fran. is. o. Cal.
requested to enter the fight for a grand
trusteeship. AVatsonville is one of the
oldest and most prosperous of the many
parlors in the State, but has never yet
had a grand officer. This year she will
ask for a grand trustee in earnest.
HOMESTEADS IN ALASKA.
Vest Bidicules the Idea During the
Debate in the Senate.
WASHINGTON, March 3.— During al
most the entire session to-day the Senate
had under consideration the Alaskan
homestead and right of way bill. One of
-^^^^^ ADVERTISEMENTS.
GREATEST
SALE
I O:FI
I BEGINS
TODAY!
I ForParticularsSeeShow=windows
BAILBOAD TRAVEL.
koi r:ii:i{.\ I'AtIFIC COHPAST.
(PACIFIC mtn.)
Itnln. i»ml m-« <ln« to nrrlr* at
NAN l'U.4N<:l.M'O. -.;•;'" ■■:■
*• (Main Line. Foot of Market Street ) ' -
leave — Vnon January L 1898. — * AHJtiv
" # 6:00.\ Nilfs, San Jose and Way Stations... I *8:-I3a
-' 7:OOa JJenicia, Suisun and Sacramento 10:43* ,
i 7:O«a Marjsville, Orovilleand IloUdinß tI» ■ - -^ -
. Woodland 5 ! 1« r
7:OOa Vacavilio and Rmnsey 8:1
7 ::to a Martinez, San Ramon. Vallejo. Napa,
Calistoga and Santa Rosa 8«l»p
8;00a Atlantic Express, Ogileu and Kaat.. B:4inp ;
»jilO A Kiles, .San .lose, .Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Marjaville, Chico.
Tehama and Ite-1 lilulT i*! 2' ;
•»:3Oa Peters, ilton an<l Oakdale »7il»P
9:O«»a New Orleans Kiprecs, Slerced, Ray-
mond. Fresno, Uakersliclil. .Santa
lUrlMim, I/O Anseles, Demlu(r.
El l'aao New Orleans and East. 0:43p
O:»Oa Vallejo. Martinez, Meroed and
Fresno 1 * : " p
•1:00? Sacramento Jtiver Stomncrn : i ) i )p
1 :OOr NUea, .San Jcao and Way Stations.. s l? A
li3Op Martlcez and Way Station* <:lop
S.-OOp Livermoro, Mendota, llanford and
Vi;alia ••••• *:»3" i
LiTermore. San Jose, Nile* and Way ___.
Stations tlO:15^
*iOOr Martine;., Hau ltauiou, Vaitojo,
Napa. Calistoga, Xi yercuio aud ' ._
Bimtallosa •ll»A
4:«ef Beaicia, Vacaville, Woo ill and,
Kiiights Lr.ntling, Marysville, <»ro-
y villc rail Suorttiiioiiti) l«s«3*
ttiOr Niies, San Jose. Tracy a- i .Stockton .. 7«lSf
«:3Or Lathrop, Modesto, Merced, Berenda,
Kre^tio, Mcjavo (for llar.dsburg),
Sauta Barbara aud Isam AiigaM.. 7:4.T*
4>SOP Manta Fo llciltc. Atlantic K*i>rca«
for Mojato nn.l Kttt ««43p
«Ss:3op " Bnan* Limited." Los Angelon, SI
Paso, Fort Worth, Little ltock, St.
Louis, Chicago &ad East |10:13 a
4TBt3UP " Sunset Limited Annei," El Paso,
New Orlrans and East 510:13 a
6;O«r lCiiroiicim Mull, Ogilen and Kast.... 9:4.1 a ,
0:OOr Iliiyn-KV.IH, Nili-BBiHl Han .lose II 1 '*' 1 *
t«:0«pVallojo 1?:-»3p I
S:«Or Oifßi'ii KxiircH3,Bucraiiiento, Marys- -
viil->, ltr.Wi.it,', Portiatnt, l'ugot
.Siiiiihl and l'.aat 8il»A |
' NAN LEAM»UO AMI lUVVVAI!I»f, LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.) ;
ImHoOal' ~~ ~ ( TtISA
- S:0Oa Melro«p, Seminary Park, *!2 A
iHSa Fitcl.b«rg,Klmliur S t, WAi.
1:00 a San licaudro, South Sin 1 ? : i- r
JI2:«OM Lenndro, E«tndillo, jeil^p
iiit:V>ap Lorenzo, Cherry. i *l : 12*
4-OOp . «3:43p
BJOOP * Md ! «:J3r
i»:3op Ilajuardfi. J*Jf»
7:<>op J MS*
8:00? i R U ,ii through to NUes. ' -S : l?, p
(t| 0:OOr ;tF rou JJ N i 1,,.
"~ COAST l»l VISION (.Narrow Gangc).
(Foot of Market Street.) I
»i;S»A Kcwiivk,i;eiitorvillo,Hau.lo»e,l''eUoii,
ltoiiUler Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
StationH •»■•» ;
•a«lsp Newark, Centerville, San Jose, Now
Alniailon, Velton, HonUlcr Creek. '
Santa ruz and l*rincii)al Way " -
Stations. •I»tS«A ;
4tlßi* Newark, Sin .'oho and Los Gutos ... 0:80 a
t11:43p Huntors' Excursion, Sao Joso and
Way Stations t7iBop
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Pram SIX fRiKCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 0:00 11:00*. M. Jl:flO *2:00 {3:00
•4:00 J3:00 •C:oop.u.
rrom OAXLIND— Foot or Broadw»y.— "C:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
tl2:00 "1:00 tS.-OO *3:03 tl:CO *3:00f.»l.
COAST 1(1 VISION (Uroad Gauge). '
(Third and Townscnd St 3.)
0t35 a .San .lose And Way >Stiiti<ius (New
Almadcn Wednesdays only) . . . . . 6<39a
9:OOa .San rlos'), Ties linos, Santa Cruz,
Pacific (irorc, Taao llublcs, Sau
Luis Oliispo. Guadalupc, Surf ami -
l*rincl|ial Way St.al.luus 4*l3*
I 0:4Oa San .lost- and Wny Stations •8:OO.\
I1::;Oa San Ji.so ami Way Stations 8:33 a
•SI:UOi- Sun Matr-o, Kedwood, Mcnlo Park,
Santa Clara, Sun .lose. Gilroy,
Hollister, «unU Cnir, Bulinas, ••-■.■-■•
Monterey nml Pncilto Cro*o *lOi4Oa
*S:l3p San Jose and Principal WayStulions # O:OOa
*4:lSrBan Jose ami Principal Way Stations 0:43 a
•5:OOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations Ix3o*
S:80p .San Jose ami Principal Way Stations 3:SOp
6::iopBan Jose and Way Stations 7:BO*
tH:4.~M- Sap Jo6oamlWay Stations 7;aop
A for Morning. . 1' for Afternoon ,
• Sundays excepted. } Sundays only. 1 Saturday* ouly.
+ t Monday, Thursday aud Saturday uighuooly.
% Mondays and Thursdays.
. I Wednesdays and Saturdays.
THE SAN FRANCISCO & SAN JOAOUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 10. 1897, trains will run ma
follows :
■ Southbound. j I Northbound.
Paesen- Mlxnd Stati _ « j Mixed , Paused
get Sunday _ 3UUOas - Sunday per
Pally. Excptd!—- — — Exc'p'ul Daily.
7 :20 a,m- 9. -00 a.m. Stockton 3:45 p.m. 5:40 n.mT
8:10 a.m. 12:50 p.m. Merced 12:50 p.m. 3:itnm
3U:40 a.m. 3:50 p.m. Fresno J:3oa.m. 2:20 p\tn
11:40 a.m. 6:20 p.m. llanford .:45 a.m. 1:15 pin
12:13 p.m. p.m; Vlsaita 6:40 a.m. 12:41) p.in
Stopping at Intermediate po iuta wnea reyuiro-l
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
C. N. & I. Co., leaving San Francisco and
Stockton at 6 p. m. daily; at Merced with
stages to and from Snellings. CoultervHle, etc.;
also with . stage for . Hornltos, . Marlpoa*, etc.:
at Lankershlm with stage to and from Maderi,
the features of the discussion was a
speech delivered by Vest of »uissouri in
which he ridiculed the idea of home
steading any part of Alaska or construct
ing railroads in that district. His motion
to eliminate the homestead feature of
the bill by striking out the first se<
was defeated. Without completing
bill, the Senate, at 5:40 o'clock, adjourned.
Yellow Fever Cure Assured.
Copyrighted. IS9S. by James Gordon Benrutt.
RIO JANEIRO. March 3.— Several news
papers are unanimous that a cure fur
yellow fever is now assured by Sanar
elli's serum.
BAILROAD TRAVEL.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
'tl SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a. in ; 1*:25.
8:30. 6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays—extra trips at 1:64-
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS- 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 1:10,
6:00, 6:20 p. m. . . . .- . •
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO. 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.:
12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips
at 1:56 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schustxen Park
came schedule as above. »
Leave T _ „*»,»_. Arrive
San Francisco. (>t 24," San Francisco.
Week] Sun- n^a^^'fir.^ ' Sun- .j.WeeVt "
Days. I Sun- ' Destination daV9^ I Week
Days. days Destination dayB daya
7:30 a.m. 8 :00 a.m. 'Novato, 10:40 a.m.) 8:40 a.m.
B:Uop.m. y.3oa.m. i Petaluma. 6:10 p.m. 10:25 a.m.
6:10 p.m. a :oUp.m- Santa Kosa. 7 :.Vip.m. | C :22p.m.
Fulton. !
7^00.m. Windsor. 10:25 a.in.
HeaMsburgr,
Lytton.
•*>=; :' ; -'. ■ Geyserville,
8:30 p.m. 5:003.m. Cloverdale. I 7:35 p.m. fi:2?n.m. ,
j IHoplana and I ~~
7 :50a.m. 15 •00.i.m.1 Ukiah. | 7:85 p.m. :23p.m.
*:aju.in. . 10:35 a.m.
9:00 a.m. Guerncvllle. | 7:30 p.m. j '
8:30 p.m. I I 6:22 p.m.
I JUa.m.lB I Sonoma . 10:40 a.m. & :40a.m.
j and
6:10 p.m. 5:00 p.m. Glen Ellen. 6:10 p.m. 6:23 p.m.'
7:30 a.m. 8:00 a.m. SebastcnoL !10:40n.m.}10:25a.m.
B:Sop.m. 6:oUp.m. bepaßtcpql - [ 7::isp.m j 7:22pm.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa lor Mark West
Fprings: at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at '
Cloverdale for the Geysers;, at Hopland for
Highland Springs, Kelseyyille, Soda Bay.
Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah lor
Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lake*.
Laurel Dell Lake. Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Buck- .
nell's. Sanhedrln Heights, Hullvllle. Boon-.: ■
Orr's Hot Springs. Mendoclno City, Fort
Bragg, Westport, T'sal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets iln>.'
duced rates. i
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half . rates.
Ticket Offices— 6so Market street. Chronlcl* •'
building.
A. W. FOSTER, P. X. RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Art.
11, I ■■■in, Hi CALIFORNIA
il^lPlifiiillPß' LIMITED.
I Nra|l|RH I SAN FRANCISC3
I^l slill^^li rnftiiulOwu
»° SMag ™Sj CHICAGO.
Leaves San Francisco at 4:30 p. ci.
MONDAYS, THURSDAYS AND
SATURDAYS.
Carries first-class passengers only, but with-
out extra charge.
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Dra wing-Room Sleepers.
SH * days to Chicago, 4H days to. New York.
TEE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
Leaves daily at 4:30 p.' m.. carrying Pullman
| Palace and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars on
' fast time. Direct connection In Chicago and
j Kansas City for all Eastern points.
. Trains arrive and depart from Market-stress
■ Ferry. San Francisco ticket office, 644 Market
street. Chronicle building. Telephone Mala
1620. Oakland office, HIS Broadway. Sacra-
: mento office, 201 J street. San Jose, 1 West
; t*nta Clara street. ._
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
■ From Ban Francisco. Commencing September
19. 1887.
WEEK DAYS. .
i For Mill Valley and San K.*fael-"-*7:25. "9:39.
11:30 a. m.; n:45, 3:45, •5:15, 6:00, 6:30 p. m.
, Extra trips for San Rafaei on Monday*.
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— *B:oo, **»;«,
•11:30 a. m. : *l:15. 3:00, "4:30, 6:15 t>. m.'.
Trains marked • run to San Quehtin. ,' . : . • •
THROUGH TRAIN'S. ' : .
7:25 a. m. week days for Cazudero and way sta-
tions; 1:45 p. m. Saturdays (mixed tralnji for
Duncan Mills and way stations; 8:00 a. m.
Sundays for Point Reyes and way. stations.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
j. . ■ (Via Sausalito Ferry). "
I Leave - San ■ Francisco, commencing Novero-
l-jr 13. 1597: ;
Week Days— 9:3o a. m.. 1:45 p. Nt '
Sundays--S:00, 10:00, 11:30 a. m.. 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from , Mill Valley. $1. -
. THOS. COOK & v SON, Agent*, «J1 Murk**
street, San Francisco. -,"."■'-; '; ■ ••?LOUD'S POSTAL
BILL TABLED
Failure of an Attempt to
Correct Abuses in
the Mails.
3.y an Overwhelming Vote the
Measure Is Buried for
the Present.
Forty-Seven Republicans Join the
Democrats Nnd Populists in the
Decisive Vote.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington. March 3.
The Loud Dill to correct alleged
abuses of the second-class mail matter
privilege, which last year passed the
House by a majority of 144 to 104, was
buried under by an overwhelming ma
jority by the House to-day. The vote
was not taken directly on the bill, but
on a motion to lay it on the table* By
a vote of 162 to 119 the motion was car
ried. F<yty-seven Republicans joined
with the Democrats and Populists in
accomplishing this result, and ten
Democrats voted with the majority of
Republicans. The refusal of Loud to
allow a vote on an amendment at the
last minute was reponsible in a meas
ure for the result, but the strength of
the measure undoubtedly waned
throughout the three days' debate.
By the terms of the special order under
which the Hous«> was operating t ne ' )HI
was read for amendment. Under the nvo
mlnuto rule Vanderver (D.t oi Missouri
offered an amendment to exclude from tne
operation of the act books and reprints or
books designed for the use of school chil
dren and students as text books for study.
Clark (R.) of lowa, in opposing the
amendment, said the country owed the
■ school book publishing houses nothing.
They .were engaged in the business of tax
ation and if given this bonus they would ;
use their profits in Increasing their lob
bies at State capit.dt-
After an extended debate^the amend-]
merit was voted down. 47 to 72.
.Griggs U ). i of Georgia offered the !
amendment of which he gave notice yes- I
to allow newspapera and period- |
iiismit at pound rates 1000 sam- j
ipies. He offered this as an amend
to I. oial's amendment to permit the
transmission of sample copies to the ex
of lo per cent of the bona fide circu
of publications entitled to second-
Aftor some discussion the Griggs
amendment, slightly modified, was adopt
ed.
Quigg (R.) of New York moved to strike
nut the clause providing that news agents |
shall not be allowed to return to publish- |
ers at the pound rate unsold publications,
but shall pay postage at the rate of 1 cent
for four ounces. It was defeated, 24 to
P9. The Loud amendment, as amended,
'was agreed to without division.
An amendment to include the publica
tions of State medical associations within
list of those entitled to second-class
.-privileges was lost.
At 4 d. m., the hour set aside for the
vote to be taken. Richardson (D.) of Ten
moved to lay the bill on the table.
-ing vote gave the verdict to the op
its of tht- measure, and on Loud's
;id. the roll was called. But the
record making vote only confirmed the
rising \ ote. Uy a rote of 162 to 119 the bill j
was laid on the table.
The annnounrement was greeted with a i
pplause. The following Repub
licans voted witn the majority of the
. Democrats and Populists to lay the bill
on the table: Baker of Maryland, Barney
of Wisconsin. Barrett of iLissachusetts,
ii<-ach of Ohio, Bingham of Pennsyl
vania. Boutelle of Maine, Broderick 'of
Kansas, Brown of Ohio, Brownlow of
'.Tennessee, Brumm of Pennsylvania. Bull
of Rhode Island. Burleigh of Maine,
Campron of Rhode Island, Codding of
Pennsylvania, Cooper of Wisconsin, Cur
tin of Kansas, Davenport of Pennsyl
vania. Davidson of Wisconsin. Dayton of
W«st Virginia. Dingley of Maine, Dovener j
of West Virginia, Gibson of Tennessee, '
Hopkins of Illinois. Howell of New Jer- I
Bey, Hurley of New York. Kerr of Ohio,
Kirkna.triek of Pennsylvania. Knox of
Massachusetts, Kulp of Pennsylvania,
Linney of North < "arolina. McEwen of I
S'"W Jersey, Oimstead of Pennsylvania, {
Pitney of New Jersey. Powers bf Ver
mont, -'Pugh of Kentucky, Robbins of I
Pennsylvania, Russell of Connecticut, j
SaUerhering of Wisconsin. South wick of
New York, Stewart of New Jersey, Sul
loway of New Hampshire. UpdegVaf of
lowa. Walker of Virginia, Weaver of
' aite ■ f North Carolina, Wilbur of
New York and Williams of Pennsylvania.
The following Democrats voted against
the motion: Allen of Mississippi, Davis
.onisiana, Fiower of Georgia, Hln
n of Illinois. Howard of Georgia.
of Mississippi, Ogden of Louisiana,
. r of Alabama. lixlerwood of Ala- I
and Young of Virginia.
At ■*:;& P- ni. the House adjourned.
GREAT CRUELTY IN
TRUANT SCHOOLS
Children Harshly Treated in
. •> .' . Many Massachusetts In
'•'.- ••• . stitutions.
■ Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
BOSTON, March 3.— The Legislative
• committee on education this morning con
tinued the hearing of the measure re
ported by the State Board of Education
. relative to school attendance and tru
ancy. Witnesses made startling revela
.. tions of cruelty in truant schools. Agent
. Walton said he found great difficulty in
■ ..his- attempts at inspection of the schools.
.; In one ca.se the school was kept in a
' basement, damp and unhealthy. Mr.
Jsirtw«*l] said he thought it would be bet
■ -ter to have the truant school under the
• ■ :itrol of the State rather than the coun
ties. ' Boys were herded together in small
cottages.
Agent Walton told of a visit to the
7sßßex County truant school. He had seen
"one- boy with a horse weight and a chain
/tied to his feet and hands. Two other
ii..ys confined in a small cellar were
. -chained together with a* long chain." The
superintendent did not act as though it
w.is any unusual thing to have his boys
cfialned together in this way. The boys
Were Ignorant, too, not knowing what
simple words meant. Mr. Birtwell told
if the other county truant schools of
the State where similar abuses were ex
,. , hste.hl. In one school a girl of 14 was in
custody. She was at the school four
irionth6. Several weeks after when e!ip
came to the school it was found she was
*tbout to become a mother. The girl was
sent. to the school, not only a truant, but.
■■•as-a stubborn child.
:•:•'. Many of the schools had lamentably |
;nor sanitary accommodations. In the;
Hampden school was a sort of a pen or ,
Enclosure, where the boys wer«> allowed
to play. At the school at Becket in
' County Mr. Birtwell said he
found hanging in the schoolroom a raw
hide, a, -ball and chain and handcuffs. The
.. .-present superintendent said that when he
: came ,th*-re he found a boy walklii* j
.about .the yard with a ball and chain
en .bis feet. The superintendents of these
: p'.-hoole were allowed to run the truant
ei'hools as they pleased.
! ;. . Sudden Death at Gilroy.
.fJIT.ROT, March 3.— J. Besson, a
■ r ropcbman, aged 43 ypars, died suddenly
-■. -here' to-day. He' lately came from San
Jose; where he was employed as a cook
: He. recently purchased the Newman Ho
,.' tel. near the depot. On his person was
found several hundred dollars. He had
• no' relatives in this country. The Coroner
/will, bold un inquest to-morrow.
ONE ADMITS
THE SHOOTING
Deputy Haens Confesses
That He Fired Upon
the Strikers.
Sheriff Martin and Minions Try
to Justify the Slaughter
at Lattimer.
One Witness Declares That After the
F*t«l Affray the Chief Orficer
Had a Bruised Cheek.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WILKESBARRE. Pa., March 3.— The
trial of Sheriff Martin and his deputies
at Lattimer, Pa., progressed slowly to
day. Deputy Hess' cross-examination
was continued. He said that he was
sure that he did not fire a shot; he had
heard no command given to fire. Al
though the life of the Sheriff was in
great peril, the witness claimed he did
not order his company to fire upon the
strikers, as he was afraid that the
Sheriff might possibly be shot instead,
he being in the midst of the bunch of
strikers.
John A. Salmon of Harrisburg testi
fied to being for four days a deputy
Sheriff. He said the day was so warm
! that he was overcome by the heat and
j was leaning against the fence back of
i the deputies when the shooting oc
! curred.
Attorney George A. Cox of Philadel
; phia, representing the Austrian Gov
i ernment. made his ftrnt appearance
since the trial commenced. Mr. Cox
stated that his visit was purely an un
official one, as he had had a represen
tative here all the time and was kept
i well informed.
"I fired one shot," said Charles J.
Haens, this afternoon. He was the
first of the deputies to admit that he
had shot. He told how he had seen at
i West Hazleton Deputy Platt level his
I gun at a striker who was picking up
! a stone. He told the story of the
| shooting at Lattimer. On cross-exam
ination he said he did not aim at any
'■ point of the men's bodies.
Sheriff Martin was recalled and asked
'if he observed any weapons on the
strikers at West Hazleton. He an
swered that he saw three men with re
volvers in their hip pockets. On cross
examination he said he did not con
verse with any of them, nor did he ar
rest them. Asked if any of the men
in line at Lattimer had not been sworn
in as deputies, he said: "Well, there
I were not many who had not been sworn
j in." He could not tell how many.
T. If. Conifee, a tipstaff, said »hat on
the night of the shooting he met Sher
iff Martin in the court-house about 8
o'clock. The Sheriff had a bruise on
his cheek and a scratch on his neck.
I This was the last witness for the de
fense, and when he left the stand At
; torney Lenahan announced the closing.
District Attorney Martin, said he had
i six or eight witnesses in rebuttal whom
he would have in court in the morning.
Court then adjourned.
DISINHERITS THE
WIDOW AND SON
Peculiar Provisions Made in
the Will of the Late Igna
tius Colvin.
Special Dispatch to The Tall.
TACOMA, Wash., March 3.— The last
will and testament of Ignatius Colvin.
the Thurston County pioneer, who died
I last week in a San Francisco hospital
i while submitting to a surgical operation
J for cancer of the face, has been sub
| mitted for probate. In some respects
j the will is a remarkable document. Col
| yin bequeaths to his widow and one son,
! Ben Colvin, $1 each. To the daughters
I are given life estates in good farms, and
| to the second son, Fred Colvin, is be
queathed a life interest in 300 acres of
the home farm. It is a condition of the
will that these bequests are to be en
joyed by the favored heirs only so long
as they have absolutely no business re
lations with the widow, her children by
i a former husband, or the son who Is cut
off with a dollar. To make sure that
the conditions shall lie observed, pro
vision is made for the appointment of
Frank Ruth of Ranier and John Calvin
of Centralia to manage such forfeited es
tate. In case, however, of non-compli
ance with the will, the heirs of the lega
t tees are to. have full and unconditional
title to the property.
The will was made two years ago at
] the time of family difficulties in the
\ Colvin household. Mrs. Colvin at that
! time made application for a divorce, but
this was denied her. In the family di
vision Ben Colvin upheld his mother as
against his father. Since that time a
I reconciliation has been effected and Ben
i again enjoyed his father's full confi
j dence.
CANADA LOOKS
TO HER FORTS
Activity of Military Authorities
That Causes Some
Surprise.
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
TORONTO. Ont., March 3.— With more
than ordinary speed the Canadian de
: fenßive authorities have been quietly
: strengthening the military forces and in
; creasing the artillery along the frontier.
i The greatest Increase has taken place in
i this city and east and west as far as
Quebec and Ontario extend, the Pacific
! and Atlantic seaboards being left mainly
j to the care of the imperial Govwsnment.
i Recently six of the very latest pattern
: field battery guns have been added to the
I Toronto garrison ami the magazine which
! has heretofore been at "Old Fort," on the
■ lake shore, is to be moved to new armor
1 ies, for the reason that Old Fort could
; be easily surprised from the lake and the
magazines endangered.
L'nder the guidance of an expert officer
i a complete system of underground maga
< zinea is being constructed and to-day a
! large additional supply of the best am
| munition and explosives jirrived. Ac
commodations at the armories is to be
provided for a greatly increased number
[ of militia, including men for extra bat
[ teries of artillery and for cavalry. All
this in addition to the permanent staff.
In response to a request from the Brit
ish Government all able-bodied members
of the various regiments have been re
quested to enroll themselves in the re
serve force, and more than 500 have re
sponded during the past few days. They
are to be supplied with the most modern
weapons, like militia, and will be required
to attend drill at least twice each month.
The Government, In explanation of this
activity and increased armament, stated
to-day that th<-se steps were necessary
in case of civil twmult and other causes.
There Is absolutely no fear of any civil
tumult, and the "other causes" are the
reason for the great increase of military
forces and appliances. Britain evidently
desires Canada to be able to do some
thing in her defense. ,
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FBIDAY, MARCH 4, 1898.
AN ABSCONDER
IN THE TANKS
Ex-Bookeeper Simpson of
the Oregon Railway
Arrested.
Captured by the Detectives in a
Friend's House on How
ard Street.
He Exculpates Captain Reed of Any
Participation in His Escape
From the Arcata.
Frederick Simpson, ex-bookeeper of
the Coos Bay, Roseburg and Eastern
Railway and Navigation Company,
who is wanted In Marshfield, Or., for
embezzlement and arson, was arrested
last night by Detectives Ed Gibson and
Crockett and locked up in the City
Prison.
Several weeks ago Simpson's employ
ers became suspicious of his actions,
and they employed an expert to ex
amine his books. It is cjaimed that a
heavy shortage was discovered, and
after a consultation it was decided to
swear out a warrant for Simpson's ar
rest. Before it could be served, how
ever, the disgraced bookkeeper took
passage on the steamer Arcata, bound
for this city. Chief Lees was at once
notified, and he detailed Detectives
Gibson and Wren to arrest the fugitive.
As the vessel steamed into the harbor
Gibson, who was in a small boat, at
tempted to board it. Captain Reed,
who was in command of the steamer,
refused to stop, notwithstanding, it is
claimed, Gibson explained to him his
mission. Foiled in his effort to board
the vessel, Gibson rowed to the Vallejo
street wharf, where he was joined by
Wren, who was anxiously awaiting the
arrival of Simpson. Despite the vigi
lance of the detectives Simpson man
aged to elude them, due, it is claimed,
to the blunder of the captain in point
ing out the wrong man. Immediately
after debarking from the vessel Simp
son went to a house at 819 Howard
street, where he has since been stop
ping.
Last night Detectives Crockett and
Gibson visited the house and placed
the absconding, bookkeeper under ar
rest.
He offered no resistance, and was at
once taken to police headquarters.
To the detectives Simpson said he
had been employed by the company for
about three years. Shortly before his
flight, he claimed, the auditor of the
company sent for him and Informed
him that some irregularities had been
discovered in his books. Simpson
pleaded ignorance of the charge and
offered to assist the expert in examin
ing his accounts.
The next day he hired a team and
drove a distance of twenty-eight miles
to the steamer Arcata. which he board
ed. He claimed that his object in com
ing to this city was to get sufficient
money to cover the shortage. He then
intended to return to Marshfield and
square matters with his employers.
Simpson vigorously denied the charge
of arson, which he thinks was trumped
up in order to spur on the detectives to
arrest him.
He exculpates Captain Reed of the
charge of having assisted him in elud
ing the detectives. Simpson will be de
tained in the City Prison, pending the
arrival of an officer from the scene of
his alleged crime.
DEATH OF F. J. CONN.
Former Attache of the Secretary of
State's Office Dies at Indio.
News was received yesterday of the
death at Indio, Riverside County, of
Frederick J. Conn, an attache of the Sec
retary of State's office.
Conn was one of the most popular
young men in the Republican party. From
the first time he was able to take part
In politics he took an active interest in
the Republican party. He was a mem
ber of the Republican County Central
Committee, and as such worked hard and
faithfully.
He went to Sacramento during the
sessions of the last Legislature to ac
cept a position offered him in the office
of Secretary of State Brown; and while
there contracted a slight cold, which he
neglected, and soon it developed into a
lung trouble.
Upon the advice of his physician he
went to Indio, accompanied by his father,
in search of health, and the first reports
received from there by his friends were
encouraging. A few days ago, however,
he suffered a relapse and gradually sank
until death claimed him. In connection
with the office he held under the Secre
tary of State he was clerk of the State
Board of Examiners. Previous to his
going to Sacramento he was engaged in
the wholesale salt and soda business at
212 Sacramento street in this city, which
he disposed of to accept the position he
held at the time of his death. He was also
well known among the members of the
Young Men's institute, having twice been
president of the institute In St. Peter's
parish.
He was 28 years old and resided in the
Mission from the time of his birth.
The funeral will be held on Monday
morning from St. Peter's Church, where
a solemn requiem mass will be cele
brated.
PBOTECTING HOME INDUSTRY. :
Manufacturers' and Producers' Asso
ciation Will Co-Opera With
the Building Trades Council.
. At the meeting: of the Building Trades
Council last night a communication was
received from President Kerr of the
Manufacturers' and Producers' Associa
tion in which he stated that his associa
tion would co-operate with them in every
way possible for the protection of home
industry.
The Iron-molders* Union No. 286 sent a
communication drawing the attention of
the council to Eastern-made bathtubs
which are built in -.Wisconsin by scab la
bor and shipped to this city, where they
are sold at a reduced price. These tubs
have been boycotted by the Plumbers'
National Council.
It was stated that Eastern prepared
marble was about to be used in the con
struction of the Affiliated Colleges. After
discussion it was decided to send a com
munication to Dr. Beverly Cole, the dean
of the college, drawing his attention to
the State law, which prohibits any but
California material In any State build
ing, and at the same time adding that
they would hold him responsible for any
dereliction in this direction. <
Charges were made that non-union men
were employed at the Chutes at reduced
wages and made to work ten hours a
day. A committee was appointed to wait
on the manager of that place and if the
charges are true to ask him to recognize
the principles of the labor organization.
■ ♦ « ... - ■
Kicked by a Horse.
Driver Mulburg of truck 4, stationed at
1616 Pacific street, was severely kicked by
one of the horses yesterday and had to
be removed to his home. He was attempt
ing to pass the stall when the accident
occurred.
■ m ■
Resented : the Insult,
Ah Quong. a Chinese servant in the
Fulton House at 3 Fulton street, at
tempted to take liberties with a young
woman who rooms in the house last
night and received an ugly scalp wound,
the result of coming in contact with a
poker wielded by his intended victim. The
Chinaman subsequently visited the hos
pital, where the wound in his head was
dressed by Dr. Thompson.
WILL RESTRICV MEMBERSHIP.
Important Meeting of the Pacific
States Baseball League.
A meeting of the Pacific States Base
ball League was held in the offices of
Eugene F. Bert last night. Those pres
ent were: Eugene F. Bert, president: A.
Stevens, secretary: F. Bonnet, treasurer;
F. W. Stanton and O. S. Tuttle of Santa
Cruz; W. J. Hennessey and E. J. Cripp,
Sacramento; D. F. Crowley, San Fran
cisco; E. J. Caplin. Olympics; Cal Ewing,
Reliance, Oakland; F. A. Bushnell, Oak
land; W. Weston, San Jose, and J. W.
Coffroth.
A schedule of games for the ensuing
year was presented by the executive com
mittee, but action on it was laid over un
til the next meeting. J. W. Stapleton re
ceived the appointment as official scorer
for San Francisco for the coming season.
It was decided to adopt the double um
pire system for the coming season and
umpires for San Francisco will be ap
pointed at the next meeting. The follow
ine appointments of umpires were made
last night: Frank A. Griffin and Joe K.
Stafford Sacramento; Enoch Alzina and
Arthur Otto, Santa Cruz, and P. Can
cannon. San Jose.
George Bunker, who managed the Cali
fornia Markets last season, appeared be
fore the meeting and requested admission
into the league. The matter was referred
to the executive committee and will be
acted on next week.
THE PRUSSIANS
WILL BE BARRED
A Foreign Insurance Company
Seeks Admission to
This State.
Commissioner Clunie Says It Is an
Encroachment Upon Our
Rights as Citizens.
Notwithstanding the edict of the New
York insurance companies against the op
eration of Prussian companies In this
country, the Magdeburg Fire Insurance
Company has decided to organize a eom
nanv called the Magdeburg Insurance
• 'nmpany of New York upon the ashes of
the Magdeburg Insurance Company of
Prussia shut out of the State of New
York by reason of the unjust and in
equitable treatment of American com
panies by Prussia. It is owned by the
same persons owning and controlling the
rejected Magd«-t»irg of Prussia, and it is
now extending itself to California for ad
mission.
The local insurance companies and the
insurance houses of the State generally
think that this application of the Magde
burg company is an encroachment upon
the rights of American dtisena and think
it is an evidence which shows how lightly
American institutions are respected
abroad. It is contended by the Insurance
Commissioner that the interests of the
people of this State will be best promoted
by denying certificates of authority to all
foreign companies seeking admission.
WORKING DAY AND
NIGHT AT NORFOLK.
Not Enough Men at the Yard to
Complete the Work on Vessels
Being Bepaired There.
NORFOLK. Va., March 3.— A force In
the steam engineering department was
employed all last night In preparing a
shaft for the torpedo boat Foote. This
shaft came yesterday at 1 o'clock and
was immediately placed in the lathes,
which have been going every moment
of time since then. The force will con
tinue at work to-night. The Foote was
taken out at the ivoodtin dock this
morning and put in the stone dock to
make room for the Puritan, which will
be docked on Saturday and will remain
in the dock nearly all of next week.
The torpedo boat winalow is lying at
the North wharf with steam up, and
when the weather permits will leave
the yard for the South. For the first
time in the history of the navy yard
men are being advertised for to come
in for work, ship fitters being wanted
in the construction department.
Other men are alpo being called
for in this department. About
250 men are at work on the Newark,
and it is said that the ship could be
gotten ready for sea In six weeks,
though the work will probably take
about four months. W< rk on the Puri
tan is being rushed.
NOT SUCCESSFUL AS
A TORPEDO BOAT.
An Interesting Experiment Made
With an Ordinary Steam Launch
at Dry Tortugas.
Copyrl|rtit<»<l. I«9S. by James C.irdon Bennett.
KEY WEST, Fla., March 3.— An In
teresting experiment to determine the
value of an ordinary steam launch
when rigged as a torpedo boat was
made at Dry Tortugas last night. An
chored there are the battleships Massa
chusetts, Indiana and Texas. To de
termine if a launch could approach any
of these ahips unobstructed the launch
of the Indiana was given a coat of bot
tle green paint and her commanding
officer. Lieutenant Ray C. Smith, was
given order? to steam seaward until
hid by the obscurity of the night. A
white light shown from the truck of the
Indiana meant that the launch was
lost, and the commander could make
the attack at will. The launch circled
around to the opposite direction, but
the searchlight of the Indiana discov
ered the boat before gaining an effec
tive torpedo range. The Texas Is now
engaged in coaling from a schooner
alongside. The bunkers of the Indiana
and Massachusetts are filled and the
ships are ready for service. The crews
of all three vessels are daily exercised
in pistol and rifle practice ashore.
With Quickest Dispatch.
PORTSMOUTH, N. H., March 3.—
Orders have been received at the navy
yard to make the outfit for the United
States steamer Lancaster with the
quickest possible dispatch. It is ex
pected that the Machias and Kssex
will be ready for service at the Ports
mouth yard at once.
NAVIGATION IN HUDSON
STRAIT AND BAY.
LONDON, March 3.— ln the course of an
interview to-day Rear Admiral Albert
Markham. the well-known explorer of the
Hudson Strait and Bay, expressed his
surprise at the account received from Ot
tawa of the exepriences of the exploring
steamer Diana while along the Labrador
coast and in Hudson Strait and Bay. This
account, he said, was at variance with all
the previous experiences. In his opinion
the Hudson Bay route is open certainly
four months and possibly six months a
year. He declares that it would be an
immense boon to commerce, cheapen the
transport of cattle and wheat to Great
Britain, be invaluable from an imperial
standpoint in saving: time in the transport
of men and stores to the naval base at
Vancouver, and afford a duplicate British
route should the Canadian Pacific be
seized by America in time of war.
Now a Doctor of Letters.
PARIS, March 3.— Carmen Sylva, as
Queen Elizabeth of Roumania is known
to the literary world, has just received
her diploma constituting her a doctor of
letters and honorary member of the Uni
versity of Budapest. The diploma Is a
veritable work of art and is inclosed in
an artistic case of great intrinsic value.
Accompanying it is a letter from the
council of the university written in four
languages. Hungarian, Wallachlan, Latin
and French.
FELDMAN WAS
A FUNNY MAN
He Was One of Big Ber
tha's Troupe of
Comedians.
One of His Acts Nearly Caused
the Wreck of the
Stage.
Appearance of a Woman Who
Claims He Was Engaged
to Her.
Dr. L. N. Feldman, who committed
suicide at 528 Eddy street last Tuesday,
was one of the most picturesque ro
mancers who ever imposed upon the
credulity of a local newsgatherer.
Feldman arrived in this city about
two years ago and first gained promi
nence when he claimed to be a member
of the famous house of Peel of England
and heir to the title.
Young Sir Robert Peel was visiting I
the United States at the time, and |
Feldman boldly asserted that he was i
the real Sir Robert, and that the young ;
man over whom New York swelldom
was going into raptures was in reality
his younger brother* Sir Herbert Peel.
Feldman detailed the family history
with such marvelous accuracy that a
prominent Englishman who was visit
ing this city at the time and was inti
mately acquainted with the Peels, was
deceived by the story.
Before this Feldman, who had long ;
been ambitious to scintillate before the ,
footlights, secured an engagement at
$12 a week at a well known Kearny
street variety theater, whose destinies
were presided over at the time j
by the notorious "Big Bertha."
Feldman played an engagement
of four . consecutive nights with
such success that the manager was
compelled to cancel the engagement
in order to save the building from de
molition.
Feldman made his debut as a voca
list, his first appearance earning for
him a small but choice selection of
potatoes and other momentoes of dis
esteem. That gave him an idea for
a "funny act," which he proceeded to
arrange for the following night. Feld
man secured the services of half a
dozen street arabs and, supplying them
with an assortment of vegetables, sta
tioned them in different parts of the
house.
Donning a costume consisting in part
of a ball catcher's body pad and mask,
Feldman made his entrance and pro
ceeded to dole out a comic ditty. This
was the signal for his assistants In the
budy of the house, and they proceeded
to present their compliments with a
heartiness that nearly knocked the re
cipient through the scene.
It was a great hit, and Feldman was
in raptures. Visions of a princely sal
ary floated through his mind, and he
adjourned to the "parlor," where he
proceeded to mortgage himself to the
house for weeks to come by buying
wine for "Big Bertha" and her friends.
Bertha was willing to accept the wine,
but she would not accept the attention
that Feldman insisted should go with
it, so when he persisted in declaring his
regard for her, the heavyweight man
ageress picked up the diminutive come
dian and threw him bodily down stairs.
This threatened to terminate his
stage career, so far as that house was
concerned, at least, but the next day
"Big Bertha" was repentant, and, send
ing for Feldman, induced him to go on
again that night.
He had hardly reached the center of
the stage before he repented, for, be
fore he could utter a Single note, car
rots, cabbages, eggs that were over
ripe and other tokens fairly rained up
on him. Not only were his assistants
provided with an apparently inexhaus
tible supply, but the major portion of
the audience, having heard of the new
"act," had come prepared to show their
appreciation of his efforts to entertain
them.
It was awful, and the lady song and |
dance artiste, who made her bow after I
Feldman escaped, slid around the
stage like a novice on roller skates. Af
ter that the curtain had to be rung
down until the scrambled eggs could
be mopped up.
The fourth night settled it foT Feld
man. Before he came on the members
of the orchestra deserted their accus
tomed places and sought refuge in the
wings, from which place of safety
they struck up the introduction to the
star performer's song. Feldman made
his appearance, clad in his baseball ar
mor, and was swept off his feet by the
storm of enthusiasm that greeted him.
Everybody in the house was armed,
not only with vegetables, but some
brought along bricks and cobbles,
which were passed over the footlights
with a will.
A cobble fired at the first volley
smashed the wire mask and made a
dent in Feldman's skull. Others missed
their mark and wrecked the scenes. As
the enthusiasm increased backs and
legs were wrenched from chairs and
contributed to the oyation. but it took
tt*» much time to dissect the furniture,
and then whole chairs were tossed up.
Finally the stage hands rescued the
funny man and dragged him out of the
line of tire. It has since been a matter
of dispute whether he resigned before
the order of dismissal reached him, but
at any rate that was positively his
farewell appearance.
The last time Feldman attracted
public attention was in June, 1596. when
he was arrested for petty larceny and
carrying concealed weapons. He was
convicted on both charges in Police
Court 2 and on June 27 he was sen
tenced to one year's imprisonment in
the County Jail. He was discharged
on April 24, 1597, having earned credits
enough to shorten his terra by two
"coroner Hawkins was notified yester
day that a Hebrew benevolent society
would take charge of the remains of Dr.
Leopold N. Feldman. who committed sui
cide laat Wednesday afternoon, and would
bury him In the Jewish cemetery.
The stomach of the deceased has been
taken by Chemist Morgan of the Morgue,
and he will report to the Coroner to-day.
Autopsy Surgeon Gallagher is of the
opinion* that the poison used by the de
ceased was carbolic acid or some similar
corrosive substance. • _>
Several ladies called at the Morgue yes
terday to see the body. One lady had a
little girl with her axid said that she
knew the doctor well and that he was a
splendid man. Another visitor early In
the day was a handsome blonde, who gave
her name as Grace Gordon, a divorced
woman. She informed Deputy Coroner
McCormiek that she and the doctor were
engaged to be married yesterday, but
further a-s to her relations with the de
ceased she would not speak.
A little red pocket-book found on the
I prann of the dead man was filled with
poetry, nearly all of which was selected,
although the names of the authors were
not given. All were addressed to "Re
glna" and were of a most ardent and re
spectful nature.
Manifesto of Carlists.
MADRID. March 3.— The Carlists
have issued a manifesto announcing
their intention to take part in the com
ing elections.
THE EMPORIUM.
DON'T FAIL TO BUY A SACK OF EMPORIUM FLOUR FOR
$1.00 BEFORE SALE CLOSES SATURDAY NIGHT.'
Fine Furniture Cheap.
A manufacturer of good Furniture was in need of
ready money and was willing to make a sacrifice.
We had the money. Now he has the money and we
have the Furniture. Do you want some of it at a
slight advance on • the exceedingly low prices that we
paid You'll never get better bargains.
The quantities of each article are as stated below. The
prices cannot be duplicated when these lots are gone:
50 antique hard- SW^*^ .
wood bedroom suits, |^^*^
style like picture; ftwtfa»»3^s*a^fcsfl v£££'
strongly made, nice- . s*j£?]fi^sflUS7| . ;W / i*~^
ly finished ; dresser l^^^^^KJi I// gX fl __-
has long beveled B"LJ' * tk ** "^ '* '^-UJ ; //a i!- .- v —■^^^1
glass; 18x40 inches; fe>»j^>««g '$ y_V [ j
worth 525; 10 d- 4 c «t^>^,^->*^ <^' I ffl W^"
be sold for... $\O iLv>/^-^<rM fcj S| Jr . 11.
50 solid oak bed- Xf^ r^s^cl i *^b»ill. lfipsSfSi'
room suits; hand- 1 -y^ x «^»-j^_-i; iiß^»'y!Aj' &S( ■^,-. > ,11-—.
somely carved, with li\z> ,--- ■cv*?-<g|' r , 'T T"^ . £2L BTI
i8.x40-inch beveled iiimiiiimwTV . \'£' '^ _J^\^ ' 'Zr* ** »'
' mirror ; worth $30; \f ll ilpHMßMiaSli Hi. . — 1
Sifor^ $20^ This 3-Piece Bedroom Suit, $15,00.
__«w 50 mahogany bedroom suits, in hand-
*hxol§si&ugs!^^ff some, modern style, beautifully finished;
i^»_. "^ ' lL^ all with French-plate mirrors, and worth
ipfpilliglgpW 535 suit— to be sold for $22.50
X^W^^^^C^jM io Bolden8 oIden birch bedroom suits, with
\\^^ > *^'-'"' me French beveled mirrors; very popu-
"r^. ■I.'"'" ■■.r|i ' ar styles; worth $40 a set will, be
CllT ' iK^ sold for " $21.00
!^ * 4-".>>*fi 1 I 7 so^'^ oa^ sideboards, like picture,
i%4 "^r^^^^Wf ' with two swell front drawers, one plush-
■ I** Ja^^{^—J\ i lined for silverware; also one large
8 5; i£!?f if3£= \ ( drawer and cupboard; fine bevel mirror;
'^ ft flilr^k ' ornate carvings; worth $22 — to be sold
2 ? s^leESb for ' $16.00
i Hj 9 solid oak hat racks, with French
• o-j L *tc beveled glass; very substantial and
This Sideboard, $16. worth I—to1 — to be sold for $5,00
The Emporium
and Golden Rule Bazaar.
THE PINTA NOW
IN COMMISSION
She Will Sail for San Diego
To-Day in Command of
Captain Turner.
Will Be Turned. Over to Division 3
of the Naval Reserve for a
Training Ship.
The United States gunboat Pinta will
sail for San Diego to-day. She left her
dock at Mission street yesterday for a
trial on the bay. The machinery proved
to be in first-class order and she was pro
nounced ready to start for her destina
tion. The Plnta has been given to the San
Diego naval reserve by the United States
for a training ship, and she will in future
be stationed at San Diego.
The officers of the naval reserve who
will take out the Pinta are: Captain Louis
H. Turner, in command; Lieucenam Com
mander T. A. Nerney, executive officer;
Lieutenant A. Morgan, navigator; R.
Lowe, chief engineer; Ensign J. J. De
laney of Santa Barbara; Ensign George
E. kammerer. and eighteen men.
On her way down the coast the Pinta
will put into Santa Barbara. Captain
Turner and his staff will inspect the divi
sion of the Naval ' Battalion stationed
there and will deliver to them two boats
which were taken down for their use. The
inspection will occupy Saturday afternoon
and evening. Sunday morning the gun
boat will get under way for San Diego.
Lieutenant T. ML Shaw, the navigating
officer of the battalion, will join the ship
at Santa Barbara and take her to her
destination.
On arriving at San Diego there will be
an inspection of the th!rd division on
either Monday or Tuesday. After the in
spection the division will be taken aboard
the Pinta by Lieutenant L. A. Chandler,
as executive officer, and the gunboat will
be then turned over to Lieutenant Shaw
by Captain Turner. After the ceremony
Captain Turner and Lieutenant «'>>m
mander Nerney will return to San Fran
cicso by train, while the other officers and
the men will come back on the Santa
The battery of the Pinta consists of
two-pounder howitzers, one Gatling gun
and one Hotehkiss one-pounder rapid-rtre
gun She was thoroughtly overhauled
and put in first-class trim at the navy
yard, and the naval reserve boys at San
Diego and Santa Barbara will be able to
have many a first-class practice cruise on
her She "is Just the kind of a boat they
want, as they will be able to man her
with the men at their command.
FRATERNAL
SOCIETIES.
INDEPENDENT FORESTERS.
Court Yerba Buena was officially vis
ited last Tuesday by the high chW
ranger, who expressed himself well
pleased with the condition of the court
and praised the officers for the good work
done during the term. Last week he vis
ited Court Seal Rock in company with
the vice high chief and the chief deputy
and made one of his logical speeches,
which had the effect of inducing fifteen of
a number of strangers who were admit
ted after the business of the court had
been transacted to apply for membership.
He also paid a visit to Court Halcyon and
was well received. On Thursday night
he visited Court Mission and on Friday
night he was with Court Noe Valley. At
each place he was tendered a reception,
which was followed by a smoker, at
which there was presented a good pro
gramme of entertainment.
There was a good attendance of mem
bers and friends in the hall of Court En
deavorer on last Wednesday night on the
occasion of the visit of High Chief
Ranger McElfresh, who was accompa
nied by Vice High Chief Ranger Peery
and Chief Deputy Ben I. Salomon. The
hifin chief raneer celivered one of those
interesting addresses for which he is
justly noted, after having been intro
duced by Deputy Salomon. After that
there was presented an excellent pro
gramme of entertainment In addition to
cigars and light refreshments.
Last Saturday the high chief ranger
left for a tour of visitations in El Dora
do, Amador and Sacramento counties. He
expects to return to his home in Los An
geles on the 23d of March.
THE CHOSEN FRIENDS.
The district meeting held February
22, in the hall of Empire Council, tem
porarily in Alcazar Social Hall, was well
attended, and it was a very successful af
fair, conducted under the auspices of Mrs.
K. M. Gandon, Mrs. Dora Finnen, James
Jordan., I. J. Lelatour and Mrs. R. David
son, the committee of arrangements.
Empire, Crystal, America and Samaritan
THE EMPORIUM.
councils were represented. Of the grand
officers there were present: H. W. Hut
ton, S. V. C; M. Boehm, G. C; Past
Grand Councilors Sanborn and O'Brien;
S. C. Wallis. G. F.; Clara McDonald, G.
T., and Mrs. Sweeney, G. P. The prin
cipal speaker of the evening was State
Senator E. I. Wolfe, who delivered an
able address and presented an old-age
certificate for $2104 to C. Zschschiesihe,
he having attained the age of 75 years.
There was to have been a presentation
of one for $2089 to R. T. Van Orden, but
on account of illness he could not be
present, and the check was handed to him
without ceremony the folowing day.
Next Thursday the initiatory team will
initiate candidates in the hall of Social
Council.
Preparations are being: made for the
district meeting to be held on March 9. in.
Saentosento, by the councils of that city.
Addresses will be delivered by C. M. Ar
nold, P. S. C, and H. W. Hutton, S. V. C.
COMPANIONS OF THE FOREST.
The entertainment given by Loyal Cir
cle Monday, 14th inst, was an unusually
interesting one and it drew to the social
hall of the Foresters" building a very
large audience. The chief feature was the
presentation of the farce, "Domestic Infe
licity." by the Young People's Progressive
Society. The several members acted and
spoke well their parts and their efforts
met with loud and continued applause.
For amateurs they did exceedingly well.
Then followed a dance until midnight, at
which time the members and guests re
gretted that the hour for parting: had
come.
Supreme Grand Secretary Mrs. Morrow
has received a letter conveying the infor
niation that Primrose Circle was recently
instituted at Lawrence. Mass., with sixty
five charter members and that another "is
to be instituted at Manhattanboro, N. Y.
The members of Eureka Circle on last
Monday laid at rest the mortal remains of
the late Mrs. Addle Bell, past chief com
panion of the circle, who. during her life
time, was a very active member.
Sherwood Circle. C. O. F., will this
evening hold an open meeting in Fores
ters' Hall on O'Farrell street.
Supremo Grand Chief Companion Mrs.
Sarah Beversen has returned to her home
from her visit to North Bloomfleld, where
she instituted Hydraulic Circle.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF HONOR
Mrs. Belle w. <\>nrad. the grand pro
tector, paid an official visit to Bay City
Lodge last Monday, and she was wel
comerl by a large membership. She wit
nessed a rendition of the work of initia
tion :md then delivered an interesting and
t-nrouniging address.
The grand secretary has been advised
that steps have been taken for the or
ganization of a new lodge, but its name
and location will not be given out until
the date for institution shall have been
fixed.
Assessment No. 467 has been levied for
March.
Mrs. Conrad, grand protector, visited
the lodge in San Jose last week and in
the near future, will visit the one in Sac
ramento.
The death of the wife of Grand Medical
Examiner L. D. Wetherill occurred in
Union, N. V., recently. In a few words,
she was a noble woman whose passing:
away many will mourn.
, ADVERTISEMENTS.
I^THE FAULTLESS 6HffiABDELLI'S 1:,
5 : Its superiority : 3
£ : over all other : w
: chocolates lies : X
1j in its guaranteed £ iS
II \ purity and delic- $ j • .'
I I 3 ious mellowness I
I) j and freshness. | (^
56
FRIDAY :.........~ MARCH 4, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
' Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third SU, 3. F-
Telephone Main IS6B.
EDITORIAL ROOMS fIT to 22' Stevenson .treat
Telephone Main 1874,
m*» RAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) ti
™.sffb™aVr?ril^hl. c.ty and .urround.na town.
for IS cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cent*. ______
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by matt. $1-50
OAKLAND OFFICE. ...ZZZ^. ......903 Broadway
Eastern Representative, DAVID ALLEN.
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
WASHINGTON (D. C. OFFICE Rlftft* House
C. C. CAR LTON, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, •orrjer Cloy
open until 9:30 o'clock. 339 Hayes street: open until
9:30 clock- 621 MoAlllster street; open until 9:33
o'clock «15 Larkln street: open until 9:30 o'clock
£W. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets: open until
i o'clock- 2518 Mission street: open until 9 clock
106 Eleventh st.: open until 9 o'clock. 'SOS Poll < street
cpen until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second
orjd Kentucky streets: open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin-"Robin Hood." J ~V
Columbia-" Shall We Forgive Her."
'. Aleaear- "False Shame-"
- Morosco's— "Saved From the Sea.
; Tlvoli— Geisha."
Orpbeum— Vaudeville. ,1.1.
Olympla. corner Manon and Eddy streets— Specialties.
The Chutes— CblQulta and Vaudeville.
Mechanic*' PavlUou-Mining: Fair and Klondike Exposition.
Cooper Medical College— Lane Lectures.
Pacific Coast Jockey Clnb— Races at Ingleslde to-day.
Courslng-Inglealde Coursing Park, to-morrow afternoon.
AUCTION SALES.
" By P. J. narth-Thls day. March I, Crockery, Furniture, etc.,
• at 1082 McAllister street, at. 11 o'clock.. .■»,,
By G. H. rjmbsea Monday, March 7, Real Estate, at U Mont-
gomery aireet, at 12 o'clock. ____^^^ — .
DEMAND FOR A CLOSED SEASON.
JAKE RUDOLPH seems to have peculiar
privileges in this community and to take ad
vantage of them so freely as to make a closed
season necessary. Even if he has the right to shoot
people at will he has abused it and it should be cur
tailed. The boon of living and being inclosed in an
unperforated skin is all the people ask. They have
no desire to rob Jake of any legitimate joy. Let
him stir up strife with the Spanish and then shoot
them; or let him shoot Apaches or shoot himself;
shoot anything, in fact, which cumbers the earth,
and there will be no complaint. But the persons he
has selected as targets thus far have not been such
that their removal would win encomiums for him.
In fact, he has acted much like a man who needed
hanging. It is an irritating circumstance that as
soon as Jake has shot a citizen he becomes insane
and is sent to a *afe asylum. This irritation is aug
mented by the reappearance of the patient as soon as
he has grown tired of constraint, always loaded for
citizens and ready to go through the jnsanity routine
again.
As a plain matter of fact Rudolph belongs either in
a jail or the incurable ward of a retreat for dangerous
lunatics. His next attempt at murder should be
made his last, and if it happen to be successful neg
lect to send him promptly to the gallows would be a
crime. _^_____^^_^^_
THE SUPREME COURT.
1~"HE report that Chief Justice Beatty of the Su
preme Court has been compelled to take a trip
out of the State for the benefit of his health and
that Justice Van Fleet is ill and unable to discharge
his duties brings up again the old question of how to
reorganize the principal appellate tribunal of this
State so that the lawyers who accept its duties and
responsibilities may escape certain destruction.
It is stated that there are now nearly 300 cases un
der advisement before the court. None of the Judges
have received their salaries since August, 1897. The
constitution provides that they cannot draw their pay
when a case has been submitted to them and left un
decided for ninety days. Fairly interpreted this
means that when the court becomes crowded with
business its members must overwork themselves or
starve to death.
In order to facilitate the decision of cases the court
has been compelled to cut off arguments in all ap
peals except those involving probate and criminal
questions. This is a partial denial of justice, for with
out argument the rights of many litigants may be
jeopardized. Yet it appears that if the court does not
limit argument its members will never again get a
dollar of salary. Laymen may fay that the remedy
for all this is to elect younger men for Judges. But
if younger men are elected the court is deprived of
the wisdom and conservatism which comes with age.
Young men may be able to work more hours per
day than old men, but it is a notorious fact that
young: lawyers do not know as much as old ones.
Beyond all question the State should provide in
termediate appellate courts and relieve the Supreme
Judges of about half of the business which now over
whelms them. Unless this is done the character of
our principal appellate court is certain in time to de
teriorate. First-class lawyers will not accept the
salaries that are now paid and perform the work,
even if they are young, strong and abTe to withstand
the strain.
Three District Courts of Appeal at Sacramento,
San Francisco and Los Angeles would cost no more
than the present appellate system with seven Supreme
Judges and five Court Commissioners. If three such
courts were created half of the cases which now go
to the Supreme Court could be concluded in them,
thus simplifying and reducincr the work of reviewing
actions at law, meting out justice promptly, and, what
is more important than all, changing the Supreme
Court from a treadmill in which Judges are killed by
overwork into a tribunal for the consideration and
careful decision of great questions of constitutional
nnd statute law.
The water company of Los Angeles may be hesitat
ing about filing an inventory of its property be
cause of a delicacy as to including in it the Council
men acquired by purchase. However, this is mere
speculation. Perhaps the company is governed solely
by its natural inclination to be a hog.
Therr can be no great fault found with the French
man who killed himself while under the delusion that
lie was Esterhazy. For a gentleman to entertain a
sincere belief of this distressing character and do less
than commit suicide would have been strange.
The gentleman who is engaged in an effort to
transmute base metal into yellow -.vill hardly succeed
It is possible, however, that out of his experiments
will come a material superior to brass In the manu
facture of gold bricks.
WAR AND FINANCE.
THE constant risk of war, that is imminent as
long as the disturbance in Cuba continues, re
veals the need of doing something besides build
ing ships and making pow ler and great guns. In
these days money makes war. We found that out m
our civil struggle. Trade is now reviving in this
country and business men are lulled by a sense of se
curity that makes them indifferent to our financial
situation.
There is a large sum in the Federal treasury, and
the redemption reserve against the demand obliga
tions outstanding against the Government is higher
than ever before. But a declaratio of - -ar would im
mediately start the present *ion of those obligations
and the run on the treasury would empty it in ten
days.
These demand obligations are there left over, and
unfunded, from the Civil W r, and tl.ose created by
legislation more or less related thereto. The Gov
ernment is strongest that has out the least volume of
obligations due on demand. In ■' is sense our Gov
ernment is weak. Its power to p -epare for war and
to maintain successfully a martial enterprise is im
paired by its financial condition. The Banking and
Currency Committee of the House will, it is believed,
report a bill during the present session that will be
the beginning of reform in this particular. It will go
further than that by supplying adequate banking fa
cilities, under proper official rer' r aint, to the West
and South, with the result of more nearly equalizing
the loan fund and the rates of interest. This will
avoid the congestion of money in the financial cen-
ters and will give to every business man the oppor
tunity to cheaply and conveniently use his credit.
The present national banking system has been out
grown by the country. It is no longer the merchant
and manufacturer only who need to use short credit.
The cotton, sugar, rice and tobacco planter of the
South and the farmer and stock-raiser of the West
should have banking facilities for the short credits
they need in their business as well. Under the pres
ent system the loan fund is brought within their
reach by the mortgage and trust companies, and
their credit is available only on mortgage security.
This begets the tendency to over-borrow at high in
terest and long time.
The "war scare" has been decried as damaging,
but this is not so. It has served to call the country's
attention to the pressing need of financial reform as
well as of better armament, fortification and prepara
tion for the carnage of actual war. The people who
see the need of financial legislation should hasten to
urge their Representatives and Senators in Congress
to not let this session go by without at least propos
ing a plan for such reform upon which the country
can rally in the elections of this year.
ThjE FIGHT FOR PURE FOOD.
rOR the first time in our history there has as
sembled at Washington a convention made up
of delegates from all parts of the Union whose
object is to procure the speedy enactment of laws
which will protect the American people from the
frauds and rascalities practiced in the adulteration
of articles of food.
That such a convention has not assembled before
is not because one was not needed. As a matter of
fact a general movement of the American people in
the direction of enacting pure food laws should have
been made long ago. The evil is not one of recent
origin, though it was never before of such magnitude
as now. For years there have been complaints more
or less strong of the injury done to consumers and
to the producers of pure foods by unscrupulous adul
terators, and in the aggregate the facts proven by
the complainants have amply shown the need of na
tional legislation to remedy the wrong.
The producers of California are perhaps more uni
versally interested in the work of the congress than
those of any other State. Almost all forms of Cali
fornia produce are subject to the competition of
adulterated imitations. Our wheat flour has to com
pete with flour mixed with corn starch, our olive oil
is confronted in the market with oil made from cot
ton seed and labeled with brands that represent those
of Italy, while our fruit products are opposed by an
almost innumerable array of adulterations varying
from harmless mixtures to compounds that are posi
tively dangerous.
The injury done by food adulterators is a double
one. The consumer is cheated by having something
of an inferior or pernicious quality palmed off on
him under a false label, and the producer is robbed
of the market for the honest merchandise which he
has to sell. Out of this double wrong there result
two other evils. In the first place the production of
pure food is discouraged by the successful competi
tion of fraudulent articles, and in the second place
the value of American-made goods is injured even
in the home market by reason of the suspicion cast
upon them by the known existence of so many adul
terations not distinguishable by the average pur
chaser from the genuine articles.
It is too much to expect that the convention now
assembled at Washington will succeed in obtaining at
once the much desired legislation. A long fight and
a hard one must be fought out before victory in such
a contest as this can be attained. The makers of
adulterated food articles are many and their combi
nations strong. Moreover, they have possession of
the field and are entrenched in power. All that can
be hoped for at this time is a presentation of the facts
to Congress and to the public and the formation of
an organized association to conduct a campaign of
education on the subject. The sooner a fight in all
parts of the country is undertaken on the issue the
sooner will the battle be won, and if the convention
now in session at the national capital can start that
campaign in good shape it will have deserved well of
the country and all its people.
Announcement is made that no European power
would help Spain in case of hostilities with this
country. Just what office is filled by this announce
ment is far from clear. There is a well-grounded be
lief also that there is a paucity of green cheese in the
composition of the moon, yet nobody takes the
trouble to herald the information daily to the
world.
Japan shows a tendency toward ill-humor which is
hastily taken as indicating a desire to whip Spain.
However, the world would not object to witnessing
the attempt. It is clear that Japan must whip some
body soon, be whipped, or commit hara-kiri.
Ex-Judge Frick of Oakland ought not to engage
in barroom fights. The act is barren of the dignity
supposed to characterize the conduct of one who has
ornamented the bench. Besides, the chance of get
ting licked is worth consideration.
Senators who attach themselves to a sensational
daily should at the same time detach themselves from
official work and salary. In the matter of serving
God and Mammon a Senator has no advantage over
the ordinary mortaL
THE SA^ T FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 4, 1898.
ANOTHER STEP FORWARD.
ANOTHER forward step has been taken by
The Call in its work of furnishing the most
complete and promptest newspaper service
the Pacific Coast has ever had. An order has been
given for an additional press to supplement the
work of the two now on hand in order to assure the
increasing number of readers the delivery of the pa
per as swiftly as the public demand calls for.
For some time past the growing circulation of
The Call has placed a severe strain upon the two
presses now in use to supply the demand for copies
of the paper at an early hour in all parts of Central
California, including the wide area from Marysville
to Fresno, which has been covered by our special
trains ever since the startling news was received of
the destruction of the Maine. In addition to this
extra burden entailed by an exciting emergency, the
augmented number of readers in the city and the
suburbs has required an increase of press power and
made the order for the new machine imperative.
The new press which will soon be put in place is
the latest improved and perfected work of Hoe &
Co. It is known as the new condensed perfecting
quadruple newspaper press, and combines all the ex
cellences and powers of the best mechanism devoted
to newspaper printing. It has a capacity for print
ing, folding and pasting 48,000 copies of a newspaper
an hour, and performs that rapid work with un
erring accuracy.
When the new press is put in place The Call will
have three quadruple perfecting presses in its service.
As each of them can print, fold and paste 48,000
copies an hour, the printing capacity of the press
room of The Call will be 144,000 an hour. This will
give The Call unquestionable superiority over all
Pacific Coast rivals in printing the news, and will
enable it to go to press later and get out earlier than
any other paper in this city.
The new addition to the plant is another illustra
tion of the way in which the management of The Call
is keeping its pledge and promise to give the Pa
cific Coast through The Call a newspaper second to
none. The paper is now equipped throughout with
all the latest and best appliances for newspaper
work. Its new building, designed and erected es
pecially for its uses, has been supplied with every
thing modern ingenuity has devised for accomplish
ing triumphs of swift and correct printing, and as its
news service is the most reliable and comprehensive
that can be obtained,' The Call is now assured of
maintaining its promise to be first and foremost in
collecting the news, in printing it and in circulat
ing it.
THE IMMIGRATION BILL.
IT will be remembered that about a month ago a
migration to this country passed the Senate by the
bill imposing an educational restriction upon im
decisive vote of forty-five to twenty-eight. The bill
went to the house in the due course of Congressional
proceeding, but since then has not been heard from
except indirectly. It begins to look as it the meas
uie had been shelved for this session, and that will
probably be its fate unless public opinion compels
Congress to take action without further delay.
The situation is the more serious because ever
since the passage of the bill by the Senate the oppo
nents of the measure have been incessantly active in
their antagonism. Great mass meetings called to pro
test against the measure have been held in New York
and Boston, and newspapers favoring that side of the
question have been and are busy misrepresenting the
bill and as far as possible prejudicing the public mind
against it.
It is very well known that the opposition is backed
by rich and politically powerful corporations. The
great steamship companies that bring the immigrants
across the ocean and some of the large coal com
panies that desire cheap labor are openly against the
measure, and there are doubtless many other com
binations secretly supporting the same side. Against
an opposition so abetted and supported the friends of
the bill will need all their vigilance and energy to
win, and for that reason popular sentiment should
declare itself on the subject insistently until the
measure has been disposed of by its enactment into
law.
There is no sufficient reason apparent to the public
for the long delay of the House to take action on the
Senate bill. It is true the members of the House
have been busy with appropriation bills and that the
situation in Cuba has engrossed much attention, but
it would have been possible to pass the immigration
bill without neglecting any of these things. The sub
ject has been so often discussed that no long debate
on it would be necessary, and the delay seems to
have been devised with an intention to defeat the
measure by indirection.
It ought not to be necessary to remind members of
Congress that the people expect an immigration re
striction bill to be enacted at this session. It is well
understood that the revival of prosperity and good
wages in the United States due to the Republican
tariff will result in an enlarged immigration to the
country during the coming summer unless something
is done to check it. Prompt action is therefore im
portant to the value of the measure. It is time for the
people to speak out once more.
If the advocates of unrestricted immigration can
hold big mass meetings to misrepresent public
opinion on the issue, surely our boards of trade,
chambers of commerce and labor organizations can
find sufficient reason for sending memorials to Con
gress averting the real sentiment of the country and
demanding action at once.
UNCLE SflM IN RAGS.
THE typical figure of Uncle Sam is so familiar
that it would be recognized in any part of the
world. No particular fault is to be found with
the conception. The artist has given Uncle an honest
face even if it be a plain one — somewhat such a face
as Lincoln had, albeit distorted in instances by an
evident effort to keep a chew of tobacco in subjec
tion. Whether or not Uncle chews is not particularly
important. The point at which American self-respect
must draw the line is the garb which the artist drapes
about the scant form of our Uncle. The old-fashioned
hat is all right. Even the brief pantaloons are not
so bad in themselves, but when they are patched at
the knees or display a gaping rent we protest that the
artist is guilty of libel, which is bad, and of poor
taste, which is worse. Uncle may not be a dude, but
he can afford good clothes. If his trousers were to
give way at the knee he would not hesitate to do
nate them to charity and don his Sunday pair. It is
particularly unlikely that just now when the eyes of
the world are upon him and it is duty to get out and
swing the American flag he would be guilty of
dressing like a scarecrow. The artist is in need of a
new model; he does not know our Uncle.
Throughout the North there is a feeling that to be
a Southern Republican and accept a postoffice ought
not to be reckoned a capital offense.
READ
THE
SUNDAY
CALL
p^HE Zunis just now are having one of their weird, mysterious dances.
'£ 'What it bodes, what it means, no outsider can tell. But all the Zunis
§^\ are thoroughly wrapped up in it and roused almost to frenzy. People
from the country round about are watching them and a cordon of
United States troops are standing by to see that no mischief ensues, for
the Indians, for some reason, are in a particularly excitable condition.
They are practicing all sorts of tortures upon themselves and are conducting
a number of very mysterious rites. The description of the weird dances, the
masks and wonderful costumes of the dancers, the incantations and cere
monies and the mysterious proceedings of the secret Priests of the Bow will
be found in
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
If you want to learn the last message sent back by the Intrepid polar ex
plorer, Andre, and what the best experts think the most likely course of
his balloon over the Arctic fields has been.
READ NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
What are the greatest needs of California? It's a hard conundrum for a
good many wise men. Some of the brightest and cleverest editors in the
State give their opinions on the point
IN NEXT SUNDAYS CALL.
Bishop Taylor has just returned from a lifetime's missionary toil in
Darkest Africa, and in NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL he tells all about his ad
ventures to gain converts; how he traversed thousands of miles on foot
througn thp animal-infested jungles, accompanied only by a few native camp
followers; how he helped the natives and how the natives helped him, and
how a spirited and undaunted woman missionary saved a native woman from
the "devil doctors" even after she had been chalked by them for dismember
ment.
Mrs. Lillian If. N. Stevens, who has succeeded Frances Willard in her
great temperance work; sets forth her new plans for the great cause
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
You queru'eus and complaining eater, who find fault with the contribu
tions to the table of cheerful oysters, hens and cows, what would be your
language to the machines that turn out oysters, eggs and milk in such a
manner that you cannot detect them from the real article? "The greatest
difference," so the dealers say, "is they don't spoil."
There is not going to be an overflow of manufactured eggs, oysters and
milk throughout the country as there was of oleomargarine some years ago,
for, like oleomargarine, the output of the novel edibles has been suddenly
cut off by vigilant Boards of Health. If you want to learn all about these
machine-made oysters, eggs, milk and other manufactured edibles
READ NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
The above are only a few of the good things in the issue. You will find
there society, fraternal and fashion news; school, mining and personal news.
In short, all the best and brightest news of the day will be found
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
FIVE CENTS
BUY IT
SIGN' OP A NATION.
Hats off!
Along the street there comes
A blare of bugles, a ruffle of drums
A flash of color beneath the skyi
Hats off!
The flag is passing by!
Blue and crimson and white It shines.
Over the steel-tipped, ordered lines.
Hats off!
The colors before us fly;
Hut more than the flag is passing Djr.
Pea fights and land fights, grim and great,
Fouuht to make and to save the state;
Weary marches, and pinking ships;
Cheers of victory on dying lips!
Days of plenty and days of peace;
March of a strong land's swift increase;
Equal justice, right, and law.
Stately honor and reverent awe:
Sign of a Nation, great and strong
To ward her people from foreign wrong;
Pride and glory and honor, all
Live in the colors to stand or fall.
Hats off!
Alonsr the street there comes
A blare of bugles, a ruffle of drums.
And loyal hearts are beating high;
Hats off!
The flaß Is pnssinpr by!
— H. H. Bennett In Youth s Companion.
SPAIN ONCE READY TO SELL CUBA.
Few persons know that a proposition
from the United States to purchase Cuba
was once accepted secretly by Spain,
says a Washington special dispatch to
the St. Louis Globe-Democrat. The
Spaniard who entered into the bargain
was shortly afterward assassinated for it.
That is a chapter in diplomatic history
which not many know. The Secretary of
State who made the offer was Hamilton
Fish who was at the head of President
Grant's first Cabinet. The time was 1869,
during the former revolution. The Span
ish official who accepted the offer and
lost his life for it was General Prim. Sev
eral persons now living know the facts.
One of them said to-day: ■ _
"A man by the name of Babcock and a
Mr. Forbes were sent to Spain by Mr.
Fish as confidential agents. I have read
their reports and have seen documents,
including a letter from Moret, the pres
ent Foreign Minister, in which Secretary
Fish's proposition is foreshadowed. Prim
hud accepted the proposition, and the
Government papers in Spain had received
their instructions to educate the people
to the idea of the sale when the assassin
ation occurred."
This secret history becomes the more
interesting from the fact that a proposi
tion to have the insurgents buy the free
dom of Cuba is being considered a« the
next step by the present administration.
JUDICIAL VIEW OF LITERATURE.
There are arrangements for helping the
industrious struggler with books. In In
diana there are book clubs in which cer
tain members are paid to read as many
books as they can and to furnish sum
maries to members of less leisure. In
Hartford, Tonawanda. Lansing; and some
other places there are public condensers
who for a small fee boil down a new
book to a couple of type-written pages.
Perhaps the easiest way of breaking
through the forest is that followed suc
cessfully by Judge Nestor K. Mangles of
Councll'muffs. When you ask him if he
has read the latest so-and-so he replies
with great dignity. "Sir, I never read a
new book. I believe in the sanction of
time " When you ask him about some
standard work he replies with equal dig
nity "Sir, I never read anything but
modern books. It is the duty of every
man to feel the pulse of his own gener
ation."—New York Sun.
REFLECTIONS OF A BACHELOR.
When a girl no longer has any use for
a man she begins to try to use him.
No man would ever say a baby was
healthy looking if he wasn't afraid of the
women.
No woman who has once tackled the job
of reforming a man ever hankers to re
form society.
A woman's hair generally turns gray
worrying because she is afraid her hus
band's is going to.
Only a very few of the women you see
really like olives. 1 ..e rest like the few
to think they like them.
Any man would a lot rather have his
wife believe something about him than
Just to suspect it and not know.— New
York Press.
FASHION'S WAR WITH NATURE.
Some doctor has discovered that women
who wear low shoes are in grave danger
of having their feet made flat and un
shapely by the lack of support for their
ankles. That explains, of course, why
women of times and countries in which
only sandals were worn or the feet were
left unshod furnished so many beautiful
models for painters and sculptors. — Cleve
land Leader.
CURIOUS ITEMS.
With a piece of string and a little sand
and grease some Hindoo convicts recently
sawed through an iron bar two inches in
diameter in Jive hours and escaped from
jail.
A writer in the Engineering Mag-azine
says that during the last fifty years the
size of steamships has been multiplied
twenty-fold, the horsepower employed to
drive them has been multiplied forty-fold
and the speed with which they traverse
the sea has Increased three-fold.
It is a curious fact that Americans are
underselling the British in the making of
golf sticks. An agent of an American :
house, who arrived in London a few days '
ago, had no difficulty in obtaining orders
for SOOO sticks from the largest dealers in '
golf goods in Scotland and America. The
American goods are better made and bet- ;
ter finished than the English at anything
like the same price.
Twenty millions of dollars is the sum
which the French Government proposes
to devote to the Paris exhibition in 1900.
Nearly $10,000,000 will be consumed by the \
construction of two palaces in the
Champs-Elysees and those in the Champ
de Mars, in the Esplanade dcs Invalides
and on the quays. The bridges across the
Seine are to cost $1,000,000 and the median
leal and electrical services another $1,000,- ■
000. In a word, France proposes to aid
the exposition on a scale of unprecedented ;
magnificence.
The following surprising story is told —
as illustrative of one phase of the char
acter of the Russian peasant— in a re- |
cent magazine: During the last Russo-
Turkish war. a Russian regiment march-
Ing from Phlllppopolis to Adrianople over
took the Turkish refugees; whereupon the .
terrified Turkish women threw down their '
infants in their flight. The Russian sol
diers, while pressing on as rapidly as pos
sible, stopped and picked up the babies,
until nearly every man in the regiment
was carrying a child, and the general was
absolutely obliged to stop the march and j
find carts and men to transfer the chil- j
dren to a place or safety.
AIsSWERS 1O CORRESPONDENTS.
DURRANT JURORS— E. M., Nevada
City, Cal. The jurors in the Durrant
case have been paid. They received JloG
each.
CODY'S ADDRESS— F. B. R.. Jackson,
Cal. A letter addressed to William P.
Cody, "Buffalo Bill," care of the Dra
matic Mirror, New York, will reach him.
ZOLA— P. W., City. Emile Zola, the
novelist and dramatist, was born in the
city of Paris. France. April 2. 1840, und
is the eon of an Italian engineer, who
constructed the Zola canal at Alix, en
Provence, France.
MRS. GROVER CLEVELAND— M. F.,
City. Miss 1 Frances Folsom, now Mrs.
Grover Cleveland, was not in any way
related to the ex-President before mar
riage. She was the daughter of Oscar
Folsom, the former law partner and in
timate friend of Mr. Cleveland.
MOTTOES ON SEALS— D., City. "Yite,
va Yite," on a letter seal, means "Quick,
go quickly"; "Fortes fortuna injuvat" is
"Fortune aids the braye 1 '; "Ouod dixi
dixi" is "What I have said, I have said";
"Ex tenebris lux nostras effulgent" is
"Out of the shades our light gleams "
LIQUOR ON THE BAY— N. N., City.
A person Is not authorized to sell liquor
on the bay of San Francisco without a
| license. To carry on such a business, if
; the vessel entered the waters of the bay
: that are under the jurisdiction of the sev
eral counties that front upon it, a license
would be required for each county.
RAINFALL— G. C. F., Watsonville, Cal. ; J
The following has been the rainfall at j
Sacramento and Santa Cruz since 1888:
Season. Sacramento. S. Cruz.
ISSS-S9 18.46 27.39
. ISS9-90 27.4S 43.6-'
J1390-91 20.95 25.30
1891-92 15.03 1tj.90
; 1802-93 24.46 27.98
1893-94 16.5 D 35.41
: 1894-95 22.61 41.4S :
[1895-96 18.51 24.1*.
j 1896-97 25.12 ' 21.X
COLLECTED IN
John S. McKee of Boston is at the
Grand. .
Dr. R. S. Knobe of Omaha is at the
Grand.
John Brewer of Sacramento is at the
George Myers from Fresno is at the
Baldwin.
George Howard and wife are at the
Occidental.
Henry Lyman of Paris, France, is at
the Palace.
John Mclntyre, a prominent miner, is
at the Grand.
Mrs. Andrew J. Shirley of New York is
at the Baldwin.
Mrs. E. Hal four from Nelson, B. C,
is at the Baldwin.
S. T. Moore, a prominent attorney from
Gilroy, is at the Lick.
F. W. O'Neill. ex-Sheriff of Sacramento,
is a guest at the Grand.
P. S. Schmidt, a wine merchant from
Calistoga, is at the Lick.
C. L. Chrisman. a successful merchant
of Ventura, is at the Lick.
L. H. Biglow, a prominent merchant of
New York, is at the Palace.
J. J. Ransom, a railroad official from
Fort Wayne, is at the Palace.
F. L. Coombs, the newly appointed
State Librarian, is at the Grand.
Judge Jackson Temple and family of
Santa Rosa are at the Occidental.
S. F. Geil, ex-Superior Judge of Mon
terey County, is at the Occidental.
De Lancey Stone, a prominent jeweler
of Maiden lane. New York, is at the Lick.
Theodore D. Wilcox, a prominent flour
merchant from Portland, is at the Palace.
Lieutenant F. C. Billard of tne United
States ship Corwin is at the California.
Dr. F. D. Tyrrell, a director of the Re
form Home at Sacramento, is at the
Grand.
H Mclntosh of Silver City, Mexico, a
prominent mining man, is at the Occi
dental.
C. A. Quigley and wife of Salt Lake
City are among last evening's arrivals
at the Palace.
N H Jack of Stockton, -who is a big
ranch-owner, accompanied by his wife,
is at the Grand.
W P Jones, a prominent business man
of Boston, accompanied by his wife, is
at the Occidental.
John Markley from Geyserville, sec
retary of the State Board of Examiners,
is registered at the Lick.
W. H. and W. A. Maloney, who are
prominently identified with the turf in
the East, are at the Palace.
General William Booth, who has been
a guest at the California for the last few
days, left last night for Portland.
The Count and Countess Charles Seileur
of London are at the California. They
are visiting the city on a pleasure trip.
B. B. Hill and wife, accompanied by
Miss M. E. Cadwalder. are at the Grand.
Mr. Hill is a prominent merchant in the
City of Brotherly Love.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON.
WASHINGTON. March 3.— Mrs. H. B.
Hunt and Miss Hunt of San Francisco
are at the Arlington. Representative da
Vries who has been confined to his
rooms for the past few days, is much bet
ter to-night and expects to be out in a
few days.
WHERE ZOLA MAY GO TO LIVE.
The Cherche-Midi Prison at Paris, just
now figuring in the Zola trial and fre
quently mentioned in the Dreyfus
affair, has its history. It will be
remembered that both Dreyfus an-I
Esterhazy were confined In it, and it has
been a military prison since the early
part of the present century. But few
know that at one time it was the home of
the lovely Madame Recamier, who fre
quently held receptions in the then sump
tuously decorated rooms. Every celeb
rity of the Restoration at one time or an
other did homage within its walls to the
celebrated beauty. The building was
erected toward the end of the seven
teenth century by the great artist and ar
chitect Dailly, for the Countess de Verne.
In the early part of the last century it
became the property of the Count of Tou
louse, son of Madame de Montespan. In
the time of Napoleon I the State ac
quired the place and converted it into a
militaray prison. The secretary of the
first court-martial held within its walls
was M. Foucher. and it was to woo his
daughter that Victor Hugo, the poet,
went daily to this gloomy abode. The
lady was married from this very prison,
and the wedding feast took place in the
hall where Major Esterhazy the other
day went through his trial.
READ IT
A choice present for Eastern friends.
California Glace fruits, 50c. Townsehd"s. •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main HM2. •
Opening.— Pattern Hats and Novelties
in Spring Millinery, Thursday. Friday,
Saturday, this week. No cards. "Sea
vey's," 1352 Market street. •
Husband's Calcined Magnesia.— Four
first premium medal 3 awarded; more
agreeable to the taste and smaller dose
than other magnesia. For sale only in
bottles with registered trademark label.*
■ ♦ «
"We ' have everything in writing papers.'
envelopes, memorandum books, pens, ink,.
pencils, leather goods, playing cards,
game counters and crib boards. The only,
large stock of good things at reasonable
prices in San Francisco. Sanborn, Vail
& Co., 741 Market street. ■ : . -•
DID NOT DREAM OF THIS.
Little did Washington's men realize
when they froze and starved in Valley
Forge that winter that they were laying
the foundation for a twelve-course ban
quet. -"-Detroit Free Press.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and 1b the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething, or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
COROXADO.- Atmosphere is perfectly dry.
soft and mild, beinc enttrely free from th«
mists common further north. Round trip
tickets by steamship. Including fifteen days'
board at the Hotel Mcl Coronado, $65; longer
stay $2 50 per day. Appfy 4 New Montgomery
street, San Francisco, or A. W. Bailey, man
ager, Hotel del Coronado. late of Hotel Colo*
rado! Glenwood Sprinss. Colorado.
TREES WITHOUT SHADE.
There Is no particular harm In an
American boasting of his family tree as
long as there is nothing shady about it.—
Philadelphia Times.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The luxury of K -
a breakfast is in its
Nice Hot Biscuit
rolls and muffins.
Royal Baking Powder
makes them light,
sweet and delicious.WILL START ON
ANOTHER CRUISE
The Countess Festetics
Sailed on the City
of Peking.
To Join Her Husband in An
other Expedition on the
Yacht Tolna.
Distressing Experience of Marine
Superintendent Tabrett on the
Mail Dock.
The Pacific Mail Company's steamer
City of Peking sailed for the Orient
yesterday. Among the passengers was
the Countess Festetics, who goes to
Yokohama to join her husband, who is
there on the yacht Tolna. From Yoko
hama the yacht will go to Hongkong,
and from there the Count and Countess
wiU start on another tour of the isl
ands of the southern so:::-.
C. H. Rrickwedel Jr., the purser of
the Peking, did not go out with her
yesterday. He has been dangerously
ill for some time, and it was reported
on the- Mail dock yesterday that there
was very little hope for his recovery.
Mr. Brickwedel has been with the
Pacific Mail Company over twenty-five
years, and has served as storekeeper,
freight clerk and purser on every ves
sel in the line. He was purser on the
steamer City of Tokio when she was
wrecked, and from there went on the
Central American trade. He was then
transferred to the Orient, and for a
• . short time was on the steamer China.
From her he went to the City of Pe
king and remained with her until he
was taken Sown with his present sick
ness.
! :H. C. Tabrett, the marine superin
tendent of the Risdon Iron Works, had
an experience with the gatekeeper at
the Mail dock last Wednesday night
that he will not forget in a hurry. He
. received a telephone message to the
effect that the cylinders of the steamer
Doric needed attending to and that he
■was to go down to her and see what
was required. When he got to the
' wharf the gatekeeper refused him ad
mittance. He told who he was and ex
plained his buiness, but the man was
obdurate, saying he did not care who
he was, and he was not going down on
the wharf. Mr. Tabrett told him it was
absolutely necessary that he shfmld go
to the steamer to see what work was
to be done, but he could not move the
gatekeeper, so he telephoned to the of
fice of the Oriental and Occidental
Steamship Company. Orders were at
once issued to the man at the gate to
allow Mr. Tabrett and any one with
him to go down to the Doric. Tabrett
was passed in, and when he reached
the vessel Chief Engineer Allen told
him that a mistake had been made and
..that there was nothing at all the mat
. ter with the vessel's machinery. The
two engineers then walked up the
wharf together, and when they got to
the entrance the gatekeeper asked,
"Do you know a man named Tabrett,
Mr. Allen?" "I know a gentleman
iiamed Mr. Tabrett," answered the
chief, "and this is he. Take a good
look' at him and make sure that you
know him again the next time he hap
pens to have business on the Mail
. dock."
The old paddle steamer Tiger is hav
ing her engines and boiler fixed up by
the Risdon Iron Works, and as soon as
. the work is completed she will go to
Puget Sound to tow vessels between
Seattle and Dyea and Skaguay. The
. .old Tiger waa once a familiar sight in
the bay of San Francisco. She was
■used as a tugboat for years by the
North Pacific Coast Railroad Company
•to tow its freight barges from Sausa
. iito to San Francisco, but when the
large ferry-boat Sausalito was built
the company had no further use for
•her, so she was laid up in Oakland
: Creek. She has now been sold to some
J.Seattle parties and will in a few days
:• join, the Klondike fleet.
■ :' . The collier Mineoia arrived yesterday
i from Comox with a carpo of coal. She
.; brought down with her Captain Hughes
! 'of the schooner Sequoia, who comes to
. thi3 city for medical treatment. The
■•■feteamer spoke the schooner last Tues
day, and in answer to a signal the
Mrneola was stopped. Captain Hughes
signaled that he was sick and asked
that he be brought to San Francisco.
A- "boat was lowered and he was taken
aboard the collier, while Second Offi
..eer Kirkwood of the Mmeola was put
aboard the Sequioa to take her to San
Diego.
. The North Pacific Coast Railroad
Company's steamer San Rafael will
running excursions on Sunday,
ihe 20th inst. The boat will leave
Sausalito early in the morning and will
make a short stay at San Francisco.
From there she will go to Mare Island,
'. Bfenlcia and Vallejo, returning in time
to land her passengers before the din
ner hour. These excursions wer<» very
much enjoyed last summer, and the
company expects them to be equally
popular this year.
The doctors of the Harbor Receiving
. Hospital are very indignant over the
actions of the United States Marine
Hospital officials. On the Ist inst. J.
T). Sullivan had his leer broken on the
steamer Willamette. He was taken to
the harbor hospital, where the broken
rimb was set by Dr. Hill. Captain Han
son called at. the hospital and gave
Sullivan a permit to enter the Marine
Hospital, but the officials would not
send the ambulance for him unless the
permit was first sent to the Appraisers'
building for their inspection. Over the
telephone Dr. Hill told them he had no
means of sending up the permit, but as
sured them that it was correct in every
detail and Sullivan was entitled to ad
mission to the hospital. They would
not Bend the ambulance, and as there
■ : .'. '- ADVEBTISEMENTS^
HAIR
HUMORS
.': : Itching, Irritated, scaly, crusted Scalps, dry, thin,
-.. • .."mud fading Hair, cleansed, purified, and beauti-
■ '■%£s. by warm shampoos with CtmcirßA. Soap,
fad occasional dressings of Ccticuha, purest of
emollients, the greatest skin ceres. ; >
Qticura
;' :. Treatment will produce a clean, healthy scalp
■- ' • with luxuriant, lustrous hair, when all else fails.
..■" "Sold throughout die world. Form D*uo in Cum.
.'.. ■ Co«i^ Sole Propn.. Bmlod. . ■■■■-■
'.[■ '. . 07* " 'low to produce Luxuriant Hair," mailed free. .
•'."•■ CKIUC AM CIDC with Kczrraa Instantly rellerea „
;..- vrVitlO UN riEld by Cut(cu»a BUDW.
ESCAPED FROM THE MOHICAN'S BRIG.
John Elwert, a Deserter Awaiting Court- Martial, Made a Successful
Break for Liberty.
He Was Picked Up by a Whitehall When He Had Nearly Swum Ashore.
There are lively times on the sloop of
war Mohican these days. A pris
oner managed to make his escape
I from the brig, let himself over the side
' under the nose of the sentry and gained
his freedom. He swam half way to the
wharf, and was then picked up by a
Whitehall boat and put ashore at Fol
som street. An investigation was held
[ aboard the warship yesterday, but the
! result of it could not be ascertained.
John Elwert is the name of the pris
oner who made his escape. He enlisted
some time ago, and made one voyage on
i the United States steamship Adams.
When that vessel came back here El
wert was one of the men who was giv
en liberty. He took advantage of it to
desert, and kept in hiding until the
search for him had lagged.
When the news of the blowing up of
the Maine came over the wire and the
possibilities of a war with Spain be
came the current talk Elwert's patriot
ism got the better of him, and he went
is no provision at the hospital for feed
ing patients, the doctors had to pay for
everything that Sullivan required out
of their own pockets. Things came to
a climax last night, when Dr. Hill told
the Marine Hospital people that he
would send Sullivan to the City and
County Hospital if they did not send
for him. Finally the man in authority
in the Appraisers' building g-ave in and
sent the ambulance for the man.
The identity of the schooner which
was sighted bottom up off Tillamook
by Captain Daley of the schooner Hat
zic is still undetermined. It was at first
thought to be the schooner Del Norte,
overdue at Tillamook from San Fran
cisco, but the Del Norte disproved that
theory by arriving at Nehalem last
nitrht. The wrecked schooner is prob
ably one of the lumber fleet that was
caught in the recent southeaster that
raged with hurricane force off the
Columbia River.
Asthma&BronchitisouTed.No pay till cured. Dr.
Gordins'Sanitnriurr>.r>l4P!ne.nr.K>arny.S.F..CaL
SPUING FLOWEE EXHIBIT.
ICany Florists Will Exhibit in Com
petition for the Premiums
Offered.
The California State Floral Society is
making extensive preparations for the
holding of a flower show during the sec
ond week of May in Golden Gate Hall.
It promises to be one of the most at- !
tractive and interesting floral exhibits |
ever held In California. Amateurs as well j
as professional flower growers will enter
the competition for the many premiums
offered for the displays of both classes.
HAVE TO SWEAR
UNDER THE BREATH
Members of the Nile Club of
Oakland Bar the Pro
fane.
Those Who Feel Impelled to Use
"Cuss Words" Oblijjed to Do
It Sotto Voce.
The Nile Club may be called the Pa
cific Union of Oakland. It Includes in
its membership many of the prominent
men of that city. Its moral tone has
been rated as about the tone naturally
prevailing- where the refining influence of
the gentler, and by all odds better, sex
is lacking. .But the spirit of reform has
invaded the Nile and the wicked croco
diles shed tears. They think their en
vironment almost too good. If they
want to use a swear word they are
obliged to do it under the breath. If they
have a story to tell, and the story Is not
fit to bo embodied In a tract for the up
lifting of the nations, they have to go
into the lobby and there speak in whis
pers. They regard this as hardship and
there is repining. Some men swear with
such fluency and ease, and withal, so en
tirely without evil intent that for the
privilege to be cut off -strikes them as
a premonitory symptom of the crack o'
doom.
The president of the Nile is Dr. D. D.
Crowley and the doctor neither swears
nor enjoys hearing otherd do it. In a
recent speech to the club he spoke ap
provingly of the regulation barring' in
dulgence in this luxury, and a majority
seemed to be with him. It was his de
sire that the organization stick to Its
original lines of Intellectual improvement
j.rui this he considered incompatible with
the une of language such as would be out
of place In a drawing-room.
The delicate question raised belongs to
the club and within its precincts is the
natural place for discussion. However,
one member did venture to confide his
idea to an outsider. " ," he began
with some evidence of asperity, "I'd like
to know by if a man must sit in
a — — — club with his mouth shut as
tight as clam, what the club
is for anyhow?"
Nobody present felt at liberty to tell
him, and so the matter rests.
John Manley Loses.
The alleged last will of Mrs. Maria
Marchall, in which John Manley, a Palo
Alto gardner, was named as devisee, was
declared void by Judge Slack yesterday,
and in consequence the estate of the de
ceased, which is valued at $17,000, will go
to Josephine Rogers, the contestant, and
other heirs. It was proved during the
contest that the will, which was ologra
phic was not written by Mrs. Marchall.
and on this point Judge Slack decided
that it was invalid.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 4, 1898.
to Mare Island and re-enlisted. From
the navy yard he was drafted to the
Mohican, and on that vessel met his
Nemesis. The officer of the day on the
sloop of war had formerly been with
the Adams, and when Elwert walked
up the gangway he recognized him at
once as a deserter. By his orders El
wert was arrested and locked up in the
brig to await court-martial.
Just how Elwert managed to make
his escape and who helped him cannot
be ascertained, but he did get out of
the brig with ease after two days' con
finement, evaded the vigilance of the
sergeant-at-arms, got past the sentry
on deck and over the side of the sloop
of war and Into the bay. It was a
bright moonlight night, so he swam in
the shadow as far as possible, and then
allowed himself to drift down with the
tide until he was well out of the sen
try's range of vision; then he was
picked up by a Whitehall boat, landed
at Folsom-street wharf and disap
ARGUING FOR
FIGEL'S LIFE
Assistant District Attorney
Speaks Against the
Defendant.
A Lengthy Review of the Case
Consumed the Entire
Session.
Arguments for the Defense To- Day,
and the Jury Will Be Charged
Monday.
Yesterday mor \g, at 9:30 o'clock,
'• the Figel case was reopened. After a
few preliminary movements the court
j was notified that the cas? was ready
! for argument.
Prior to the opening statement Judge
Cook decided that the testimony of J.
Lauer, a drayma i, would not be ad
mitted. The defense had made an ob
jection to it being placed on record. At
this point General Barnes moved that
i the testimony of Mrs. Hoffman con
i cerning her relations with her husband
be stricken from the record, but it waa
allowed to remain in evidence.
The exhibits of pictures, bullets,
bloody doors, wearing apparel and
drawings were then satisfactorily ar
ranged and the last phases of the case
were under way.
Assistant District Attorney Hosmer
made the opening statements for the
prosecution. He at first expressed his
satisfaction that the case had arrived
so nearly at an end, and then stated
that he would go over the ground sur
rounding the death of Isaac Hoffman,
the suspicions surrounding the defend
ant, and the reasons for those sus
! picions which had caused the arrest of
| Theodore Figel, who is charged with
j the murder of his employer on the
evening of June 1.
He started in from the beginning of
the testimony given and followed down
in detail. The pictures of the deceased
merchant and the revolver which
i caused his death were shown and cx
i plained to the jury. The main point re
lied upon was the testimony given by
the physicians concerning the wounds,
as it was desired to impress upon the
minds of the jury that three shots
had been fired and that it was highly
improbable for Isaac Hoffman to have
fired them.
The testimony given by the various
witnesses was picked and analyzed by
Mr. Hosmer, and from time to time he
was corrected in his statements by
General Barnes for the defense. It
has been acknowledeged by the prose
cution that Mr. Hosmer is laboring un
der a slight disadvantage, as he has
not been connected with the case from
the beginning, but his argument was
attentively listened to by court and
jury.
The position of the bullet hole In the
hat worn by Isaac Hoffman on the
fatal evening was referred to at length
and explained to the jury from all
sides. A large portion of the testimony
given by Mr. Rothchild was read to the
jury by Mr. Hosmer, and much stres9
was laid upon the statements made
concerning the receipt for $9500 which
is alleged to have been forged by Figel.
*Oeneral Barnes appeared to be
slightly exhausted during the after
noon session and slept peacefully from
time to time, but when the Assistant
District Attorney stated that the sig
natures on the receipt and other pa
pers were fac-similes the general
awoke and startled the prosecutor by
asking what he meant by fac-similes.
Then Mr. Hosmer corrected himself
and said the genuine or original signa
ture was what he had intended to
bring before the minds of the jury.
Mr. Hosmer then proceeded to enter
on the testimony given that Mr. Figel
had met Isaac Hoffman in* the store
late in the evening of June 1. "Why
peared. A vigorous search is now be- I
ing made for him.
The apprentice boys who made their
escape from the Mohican while she was I
at Mare Island but were recaptured
soon after the vessel came here were
disciplined yesterday. William Sulli
van and James Hallihan, the ringlead
ers in the desertion, were discharged !
from the service, while the other guilty j
boys were sentenced to a diet of bread
and water, and will have their shore j
leave restricted for some time to come, j
Three other boys were discharged as in- ■
corrigibles. They were the ringleaders
in all kinds of disorder, and would not ,
take the trouble to learn anything, so j
the officers came to the conclusion that
the service would be better without
them. An examining board of physi- ■
cians is passing on all the boys now on i
board, and it is thought that as a re- j
suit of their investigation three or four j
more of the beys will be discharged as I
physically unfit for the service. All in
all! there are lively times on the Mo
hican these days.
did he meet Mr. Hoffman, and what
happened during the meeting?" was
asked, and the jury looked perplexed.
He described in detail the finding of
Hoffman by Watchman Ferrenbach
almost immediately after the shooting.
Mr. Hosmer told of how the officer had
seen the door open and his entrance
into the store where he had noticed a
lipht in the rear. Then the groans, the
sight of blniid and other evidences of
crime aroused Ferrenbach to action,
and he hurriedly called for aid after he
had seen Isaac Hoffman writhing in
an unconscious cndition face down
ward on the office floor.
The hurried trrp to trie hospital, the
medical examination, and later the
death of the employer of the defendant
was related by the prosecutor in his
closing remarks.
The speaker became rather dramatic
while winding up his explanation of
the case. For a time h<> was on his
knees at the bloody telephone room
door showing- how it would have been
possible for Isaac Hoffman to have at
tempted to reach the telephone for the
purpose of giving an alarm, and again
the argument led into the staggering
and hopeless position of the wounded
man. The defendant was followed to
his home in the argument, where he
went, as the attorney stated, to screen
himself from discovery and ultimate
disgrace. At the end of Mr. Hosmer's
argument he was complimented by
General Barnes for his effort.
The case has been put over until Sat
urday morning at 10 o'clock, when
Judge Louderback. for the defense, will
address the jury, and on Monday Judge
Murphy and General Barnes will have
an inning. It is probable the case will
be submitted to the jury Monday even
ing. __ __________________
POISONED BY
ESCAPING GAS
John and Richard Condon
Narrowly Escape
Death.
Their Mother Turned on the Gas
and Neglected to Shut
It Off.
John and Richard Condon, sons of De- j
tectlve Condon, narrowly escaped asphyx
iation by illuminating gas at their home,
556 Harrison street, last night.
The two boys, who are employed at the
Union Iron Works, retired a little earlier j
than usual Wednesday night. A couple of
, hours later their mother started to make
i the rounds of the house to see that all |
was well before retiring. She entered the :
room in which the boys slept and turned i
on the gas, intending to light it to see if
they were all right. Before she had time
to apply the match, however, her daugh
ter entered with a lighted lamp. A glance
showed that all was well, and mother and
daughter left the room, forgetting that
I the gas was flowing freely in the room in
1 which the two boys were quietly sleeping,
and retired in peace.
About an hour later they were awak
ened by groans, but thinking they eman-
I ated from a pet dog no attention was
i paid to them at first. As the groans grad
; ually became fainter and fainter the I
> mother began to suspect that something i
was wrong and got up to Investigate. She j
! easily traced them to the boys' room, and
; on entering was horrified to iind that one j
; was already unconscious from the escap
i ing poison and the other was rapidly fall
ing into a lethal slumber.
She at once opened the windows and
| dispatched a younger son to Dr. John F.
I Dillon's, who liv#s a few doors below. The I
little fellow, excited at the fate of his el
der brothers, rushed down the srreet and
sank unconscious on the doctor's door
step. The mother, alarmed at the delay.
Started out herself in search of the doc
tor, who arrived not a moment too soon.
After a couple of hours' hard work he
succeeded in resuscitating the boys, but ;
their escape from death was a very nar- i
row one.
In the Divorce Courts.
Mrs. Edith Morrison was granted a i
divorce from J. L. Morrison yesterday on j
the ground of willful desertion.
Marie F. Baron was granted a decree '
of divorce from Albert Baron on the
ground of failure to provide.
Charlotte C. Moulder was granted her '
application for divorce from August B. i
Moulder. The decree was issued on the j
ground of extreme cruelty.
Headache Qulckjy Cured.
Dr. Davis' Anti-Headache never falls. 25c*
STUBBS IS A
"GOOD THING"
A Wealthy Young Ger
man Fleeced by Sa
loon-Keepers.
He Was a Victim of the Fas
cinations of the Barbary
Coast.
His Connection With M. A. Brown, a
Collector, Being Investigated
by Judge Low.
Hugo Stubbs, who has a fortune of
$60,000, is about the softest thing that
I has struck the town for a long time.
; He has been here for about three weeks,
i and has in that time spent $350 in sa
j loons on the Barbary Coast, besides
running considerably into debt.
Tuesday last he obtained a search
warrant from Judge Low to recover
possession of his trunk, which he
claimed had been illegally taken from
his room in the Fillmore House, on
Broadway and Stockton streets, to of
fices at 420 Montgomery street, occu
pied by Attorneys Fox and Ross and
M. A. Brown, collector. The following
day Attorney Ross secured a warrant
for Stubbs' arrest on the charge of ma
liciously procuring a warrant.
The search warrant case came up be
fore Judge Low yesterday, and Stubbs
I testified in effect as follows:
"My father died about six years ago,
leaving a fortune of 3,000,000 marks, to
be divided among his ten children. He
was the largest dry goods merchant in
Hamburg, Germany. I left Germany
about five years ago, and went to Mon
treal, Canada, where I carried on the
business of a florist.
"I came here about three weeks ago,
| and have since then received remit
j tances from home aggregating $350,
i which I have spent in saloons, princi
: pally the Globe, kept by Jack MeCul
| loch. McCulloch said I owed him $42 50,
and February 24 he gave me a card
to call on M. A. Brown, a collector, at
420 Montgomery street. I went there,
i and they got me to cable home for $500.
! Brown and a young man who repre
! sented himself as a detective went with
i me to my room after we had visited
! several saloons, and they took away
my trunk. Then they took me to an
office somewhere on Market street and
introduced me to a Judge. They told
me that unless I signed some papers
that they would get me sent to San
I Quentin for ten years. I was so fright
ened that I signed the papers, and I
was not able to sleep for several nights
'through fear of being arrested."
The papers signed by Stubbs before
the "Judge" were orders on the German
Consul to pay Brown $42 50 due to the
Globe saloon, $5 due to the Rosebud
saloon and $58 to Brown, apparently as
, commission, for collecting the other two
amounts. The fourth order was for his
I trunk. The orders were witnessed by
j Martin O'Brien, who was the alleged
detective.
Judge Low was so incensed after
hearing Stubbs' story that he contin
! ued the case till Monday, so that the
i evidence could be taken by his stenog
rapher, as he may lay the matter be
fore the Grand Jury.
Policeman Cavanaugh has been tak
ing care of Stubbs to- save him from
foolishly spending his money, and it
I was suggpsted that a guardian should
i be appointed by the Superior Court.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Mrs. Harriet P. Van Den Bergh has filed
suit against John P. P. Van Den Bergh
for a divorce on the ground of cruelty.
Carrie I. Turner has commenced action
for divorce against William B. Turner
on the ground of failure to provide.
Edward Castagnette has applied for a
divorce from Maggie Castagnette, alleg
ing cruelty and habitual intemperance.
Isadore C. Wood has applied for a di
vorce from Georga Wood on the ground
of desertion.
Virginia K. McDermott has filed suit
for divorce agnitist William L. McbtT
mott on the ground of extreme cruelty.
Addle May Pettyjohn has asked for a
divorce from Jonathan Pettyjohn on the
ground of failure to provide.
A. T. Badlam's Will.
The last will of A. T. Badlam, a well
known politician of this city who died
on the 24th alt., was filed for probate
yesterday. An estate valued at about
$1800 is bequeathed Mrs. Mary Badlam,
mother of the testator.
Mrs. Belle W. Sprague Sued.
Archbishop Riordan has commenced
suit against Mrs. Belle W. Spragua. a
daughter of William T. Wallace, and for
merly the wife of the late Mervyn Don
ahue, to recover JJS.OOO alleged to be due
under the will of the defendant's deceased
husband.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
|_B_ I J ffJi ffLßy jß*__h# j_? «__f
E_r^_H r^KH __9LJ__S 4M 3*l iSofflP
•f STHE WORKING CAPITAL OFIIVMASTTT
I » He who loses that Is wrecked Indeed. Is your
health falling you? Your strength, ambition,
i vigor, vitality wasting away ?
FA/ t Oq
DOCTOR SWEANY
737 MARKET STREET
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
For the speedy,' safe and permanent cure of all
NERVOUS, CHRONIC andSPECIAL
. Diseases of Men and Women. •,:
VfilHlft HE II Unnatural drains caused
I vUHU IflClli through errors of youth
or excesses," quickly and permanently stopped.
He restores lost vigor and vitality to • . •
WE Alf MEM i?nns of the body which
Iff CAR Hi Ei ill have be.en weakened
through diseast- , overwork, excesses or indiscre-
tions are restored to full power, strength and vigor
through his new and original system of treatment
BiIDTiIBE cured by his new method,
IlUr I yiiC without knife, truss or detention
from work,' a painless, sure and permanent cure.
If ADIfIfIPEI C hydrocele, swelling and
■ AlllO l/ÜbkCl tenderness of the glands
treated with unfailini' success. ■ : V
CONTAGIOUS BLOOD POISON
■ in any of its stages thoroughly eradicated from
the system. . ■ ;■ ■
LlfllEC will receive special attention for all
HIIICv their many ailments. - ■■-;■;.'.
CONSULTATION FREE MS?,. 1 *
C■- WRITE if you ' cannot call. > A valuable book
"Guide to Health," free. F. L. SWEANY, M. D., '
737 Market St. op. Grant Ay., San Francisco, Cal. 3
■'■■"■ ■ ■ -■■"■./■.. ■ - ■ • - ■-.-■-. . -
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FINAL MARK-DOWN
TO MAKE ROOM FOR i
SPRING CKNOWIINC.
THE NECESSITY OF IMMEDIATELY MAKING !
ROOM for the proper display of the immense <
shipments of spring goods daily arriving COM-/ (
PELS US TO MARK DOWN the following and (
numberless other equally choice lines to <
Prices That Will Force Them Out at Once ! I
- - . .• <
= .. . ■ . . .:. •(
DOMESTIC DEPARTMENT. i
- ■ *- t !
Ctn 1 Case LONSDALE MUSLIN, usual price 8 l-3c, on sale at 6c j_*__" "(
n\ n 1 Case HEAVY UNBLEACHED CANTON FLANNEL, usual price 10c, /<
• 2V» on sale at 7«>c. - '•.'• ' '
4K« 2 Cases HEAVY SHEETING, Bleached and Unbleached, usual price , (
lclL>> isc, on sale at 15c. ' .' <
iOln 50 pieces ALL-LINEN BLEACHED CRASH, best grade; usual price,,
ICttfu. 16 2-3 c, on sale at 12^c.
HANDKERCHIEFS AND EMBROIDERY. J
4f\ n LADIES WHITE EMBROIDERED HANDKERCHIEFS, assorted ]
11/l/* patterns; value 20c; on Special Sale at 10c each.
i(\n CAMBRIC EMBROIDERIES, open patterns, 5 and 6 inches wide; as- ,<
IUL>« sorted styles; value 20c; on Special Sale at 10c yard. <
LADIES' KID GLOVES. '' j
<
nr 35 dozen LADIES' 2-CLASP DRESSED KID GLOVES in Brown, Tan, (
I DL» Green. Red, White and Black; regular value $1; will be on sale at 75c (
a pair. • '• •:'"-'-' ■; (
OH/i 73 dozen LADIES' 4-BUTTON DORENA REAL KID GLOVES in col- /
outt ors and Black (odd sizes); regular price 5125; will be on sale at 90c }
a pair. <
:;> Every Pain Guaranteed and Fitted. <
HOSIERY AND CORSETS. " -* .' i
(
Af\n 500 dozen LADIES' BLACK COTTON HOSE, extra heavy heels and (
l\J\j» sole; good value for ?2 dozen; will be on sale at 10c a pair. (
on ' 50 dozen LADIES' NOVELTY HOSE In plaids. Roman stripe and (
Ci\j\jm dice pattern and latest designs; same style as sold at 75c and $1; (
will be on sale at 20c the pair. ;; : .. , (
Oi4 nn 50 dozen LADIES' BLACK AND WHITE CORSETS, very latest (
<4>I.UU French models, made of fine sateen, closely boned, lace trimmed; (
good value for $150; will be sold for $1. ;;.•>■(
" ' ' "^ ' j
(iff Murphy Building', ■* if if Murphy Building, *
Market anil Jones SlrasS. . Martet anft Jones Streets, i
AMUSEMENTS. * _■
fJutO\AHDtB COJTIOB ACS ttssus&«uuuti»
ALL THIS MATINEE SATURDAY.
THE FAMOUS ORIGINAL BOSTONIANS.
Presenting the Ever Popular
"ROBIN HOOD!"
• - By De Koven and Smith. .
Next Week— Farewell of the Bostonians.
Monday and Tuesday— First Time Here— Jules
• - Jordan's Version of ->,; -.'-:, . .
"RIP A/MIN WINKLE!"
Wednesday.. "The Serenade.^
Remainder of Week "Robin Hood -
SEATS NOW READY.
Coming— "The Mysterious Mr. Bugle."
*£c£umMz <3fi&t£rc
VFRIEDIANDIR GOTIIOB BC»USMI»
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY,
- The Accomplished Actress,
MARIE WAINWRIGHT—
In the New Domestic Drama,
"SHALL WE FORGIVE HER?"
EXTRA— NEXT MONDAY.
PRIMROSE & WEST'S
BIG MINSTRELS!
GEORGE H. PRIMROSE, America's greatest
GEORGE WILSON, Prince of Comedians.
E. M. HALL, Famous Banjoist, and 40 others.
SEATS NOW READY. '
WHITNEY BROS.. Novelty Musical Artists;
DRAWEE the Modern Juggler: JOE and NEL-
LIE DONER, Comedians;' SMAßT and WIL-
LIAMS, Ebony Comedy; LINA PANTZEH,
DAMMAN TROUPE. MAUD BEALL PRICE.
,ROE W. DAY and the BIOGRAPH. Last
Three nights or FILSON & ERROL, in their
great comedy, "Men vs. Women." Also of the
BIOGRAPH"with view of United States Battle-
ship Maine. . • „ _
Reserved Seats, 23c; Balcony, 10c: Opera
Chairs and Box Seat*, 60c. . .'
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mas. bstticb Ebiling, Proprietor A Manager
THIS EVENING— OUR" GREAT SUCCESS
The Japanese Musical Comedy, • .
Lj-»_i~'^>~'->~'- r ' l -»~ l -'~'-O- r ~**""» <n_<*->_ri»-M~fc/— u~*
THE
GEISHA!
vv^- JVLAJXAJ>fu ruv'LrLrtru*iri* ,^ »
. , A story of a tea-house.
Superb Cast. Splendid Chorus, Efficient Or-
chestra, Magnificent Scenery. Costumes and
Effects. A Delightful Picture of Life in the
Orient. . . ' ■ ''•-.'
Popular Prices • 25c and' 50c
ALCAZAR. B S?'
MATINEE TO-MORROW AT 2.
TO-NIGHT, SATURDAY AND SUNDAY,
. . Last Times of
"FALSE SHAME!"
MONDAY NIGHT— C. Goodwin's Great-
est Comedy Success.
"/I GILDED FOOL!"
Price5. ...:.';.. .V...................15c,-25c,- 35c, 50c
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE,
Walter M0r05c0.. .....501e Lessee and Manager.
- Fourth week of : the Popular ■ and Talented
Actor. HARRY MAINHALL, .
In the Initial Production of the Great Nau-
tical Melodrama,
"SAVED FROM THE SEA!"
I Founded on Fact and stranger than '• fiction.
Great explosion and wreck ?• scene *in mid- •
ocean, rensatlonal collapse of the suspension
bridge. . r .
Evening prices, 10c, 25c, 60c. ' Matinees Sat-
urday and Sunday. '-•":;„:-,-
SMALLER THAN A THOUGHT!
CHIQUITA
THE ■ TINIEST TOT THAT '■. EVER HAP-
, PENED, RECEIVES AT
THE •••CHUTES
' Every Afternoon , and Evening, Rain or Shine.
A great Vaudeville bill in the \ Free Theater. ■
10c to all, Including Vaudeville; children, oc.
AMUSEMENTS.
ONLY TWO DAYS MORE !
MINING FAIR!
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
TO-D/*~V
Fins souvenirs ("Potlach") for all purchas-
ers of 25-cent tickets to-day. ; Last chance —
specimens of Gold-bearing Sulphurets from Ar-
bona mine to ladies passing through the tun-
nel to-day, etc.
PIONEERS' DAY :
Engagement at big expense of Chinese Thea-
ter Company; 30 actors: $20,000 worth of cos-
tumes; great Chinese wedding; remarkable
Chinese play; Chinese fighters; mourners; wed-
ding feast; something never seen out of China-
town, and where, all can see it comfortably.
Play afternoon anil night.
' Battle of Gettysburg also at night. Great
success.
SATURDAY (to-morrow)— Sons* and
Daughters' day; Sequoia Parlor Band; address
by George D. Clark. Frank D. Ryan. John T.
Greane-y. Prank L. Coombs, R. P. Doolan. Pre-
sentation of golden key, patriotic songs.
SATURDAY— ChiIdren 10 cents— fre« bag of
candy. Great colored cake walk; jubilee; rag
time dances: banjo solos; camp- meeting songs;
"Rastus on Parade." Only time cake walk
seen in afternoon. On promptly at 3 in the
afternoon. ■
The champion welter-weight of the world,
TOMMY RYAN, in four great exciting rounds.
9 p. m. sharp. Billy Jordan, referee. Don't
miss closing of Fair.
Admission no higher than usual— 2s cents—
to-day and to-morrow. -
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
INOLESIDE TRACK.
RACING from MONDAY. Feb. 21, to
SATU RDAY, March 5, inclusive.
Five or More Races Daily, Rain or Sblne. .
FIRST RACE AT 2 P. M. O,Qj
S. P. R. R. Trains 11:45 and! : 1 5 P. M. Dally.
Leave Third street. station, stopping at Va-
lencia street. Returning immediately after
the races.
- ELECTRIC CAR LINES.
Kearny street and Mission street cars every
three minutes, direct to track without change.
Fill more street cars transfer each way. . . -
S. N. ANDROUS, President' "
F. H. GREEN. Secretary.
COOPER MEDICAL ; COLLEGE,
Corner Sacramento and Webster bus.
LANE LECTURES ;
FRIDAY EVENING, MARCH 4th.
• DR. A. M. GARDNER,
"INTEMPERANCE AS A CAU3E OF INSANITY."
HI VMDIA Come* of Mtson and
ULYMFIA- eddy SlrBet]l h ..
America's Most Beautiful Music Hall.
Great new bill of artists— AßNELDO. STAR-
KEY & RATHBUN, SIMONS. CECIL
MARION, SENORITA INEZ, MLLE. AN-
TONETTE, MILLER, PUNTA. and others.
Admission free. , *- .'.•■ '
INGLESIDE COURSING PARK.
TWO STAKES. T.TTbOTH CRACKS.
OLD DOGS-PUPPIES/
Saturday IP. M. Sunday 1 1 A. M.
DR.HOTJLTY:
THIS WEIiL-KXOWU AND RKLIABLE OLti-.
.1. Spet-lftllKtcMrr*Prlvate,Nervous,Bloo<iaii<l iv
'. Discuses of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
20 years' experience. Send for Book, free. , Patients
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours, 9 to 8
daily t/»B.3ocv'Ka. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consulta-
tion free and sacredly confidential. Call or address
P. roscoe McJfVLTT, SI. D.,
SG.«£ KcarnT fitreet. Man Franclioa. fal
q Vl.it DR. JORDAN'S Great
jggfa Musaum of Anatomy
Ipjnf 1 :oEllt4S2ETST.bet.eti4 S. F. CkL
fl~«*O The Largest of Hi kind Id
ii§§ii\ DR - JORDAN— Private Diseases.
IKWH >V Cotnult»tlon free. Writ* for Book
W I (PPhllosophy of Marriage.
ft : a HAILED FREE. ;
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. d. HENRY, NOTARY < PUBLIC i
QQ; MARKET ;. ST.. OPP. : 0 PALACB
DOO Hotel. Telepoon* 670. Re«id»no« Sui
ValeacUi .tr&et. Telephont, "Cburcli" I*.
78
SHOT AND SHELL
FOR THE FORTS
Big Supply Ordered From
Benicia Arsenal to
the Preside
The Coming Ammunition Is
for High Power Guns and
Mortar Batteries.
Army Officers Making Extensive
Preparations for the Annual Din
ner to West Point Graduates.
Advices by wire from Washington
are to the effect that orders have been
issued directing that large quantities
of ammunition for the high-power guns
and mortars be transferred at once
from the United States arsenals to the
sea coast fortifications. It Is believed
that orders have been conveyed
through General Shatter, commanding
the department of California, to Col
onel Babbitt, commanding the arsenal
at Benicia. to send to the Presidio a
large supply of powder and projectiles
for the magazines of the harbor forts.
Colonel Babbitt at Benicia declined
to be interviewed on the topic yester
day, and very little direct information
on the subject could be obtained at
army headquarters in this city.
At a late hour last evening it was
ascertained that preparations were in
progress to bring from the Benicia ar
senal to this city quite a store of shot
and sheik It is regarded as certain
that the order applies to all arsenals
of the country in which high
power ammunition is stored. It is sur
mised that an effective supply is
deemed necesssary for the twelve-inch
guns at Lime Point and Fort Point.
Colonel James M. Moore, assistant
quartermaster general, visited the Pre
sidio Wednesday afternoon for the pur
pose of inspecting and accepting the
new quartermaster and commissary
storehouses which had been in
process of construction for the past
four months. The work having been
done according to the specifications
of contract by James Rea the buildings
were yesterday accepted on behalf of
the Government.
The annual dinner of the West Point
graduates will be given at the Maisim
Klche Wednesday evening, March 16.
Responses already received by the com
mittee indicate that the company will
be large, and it goes without saying
that the sentiment of patriotism will be
there. According to the appointment
made at the last annual dinner, Colonel
George H. Mendell, U. S. A., retired,
will preside.
The acceptances show that Colonel
Stewart, U. S. A., retired, who dwells
at Berkeley, will be present as the rep
resentative of the class of 1842. When
it comes to an old-time record there are
no others in Colonel Stewart's class.
Colonel Mendell holds up the banner of
1552, and ex-Adjutant General Cosby of
Sacramento, who promises to attend,
can relate '52 reminiscences. In 1861
General Cosby went with the Confed
erates, but he was so firmly recon
structed when General Stoneman came
Into power as Governor of California
that he had no objection to serving un
der the old flag as adjutant general of
California. Many other officers of dis
tinction who graduated at West Point
before the war will attend.
It is the word along the line of prepa
ration for the banquet that speeches
will not be too numerous or too long.
There must be five toasts — one to the
Country, one to the Flag, one to the
President of the United States, one to
the Alma Mater and one to Sweet
hearts and Wives.
The occasion may develop some high
grade oratory and a deal of plain com
mon sense talk about the duties and
obligations of the hour. Army officers
are not inclined to give public expres
sion to their opinions of Congress and
public men holding high places in civil
life, but if the army needs more soldiers
It could hardly be out of place at a
dinner of army officers for one to say
so.
Upon the recommendation of the chief
surgeon of the Department of Califor
nia, Acting Hospital Steward Henry B.
Btaley, now at Angel Island, has been
transferred to the Presidio to fill the va
cancy at that post. He wll! report to
the commanding officer without delay.
Pursuant to authority from the major
general commanding the army, the post
commander at the Presidio will grant a
furlough to Private Michael Baumgart
ner. Company D, First Infantry, for
three months. Under the same author
ity a furlough for three months has
been granted Corporal Robert C. Rob
inson, Company B, First Infantry, sta
tioned at the Presidio.
BUSH STREET MAY
BE A BOULEVARD
The Street Committee Reports
in Favor of the
Scheme.
The Grade of the Electric Road Rails
on Harrison Street May J3e
Changed.
The Street Committee of the Board of
Supervisors, by a unanimous vote taken
yesterday afternoon, decided to recom
mend the passage of a resolution declar
ing Bush street, between Kearny and De
visadero, a boulevard. This action came
somewhat as a surprise, as It was sup
posed that the opposition of certain prop
erty-owners would delay action on the
measure for some time to come.
During the past few weeks property
owners have appeared before the com
mittee on a number of occasions and have
voiced their opposition to the plan of
making Bush street a boulevard. The
main opposition was based upon the as
sertion that if the street were kept open
an electric road might eventually ex
tend throughout its full length.
Supervisor Sheehan took the Initiative
In advocating the proposition and stated
that as long as numerous property-own
ers desired the boulevard it should be
declared by the board. The decision to
report the matier favorably followed.
The San Francisco and San Mateo
Electric Railroad Company addressed the
committee regarding the com of reducing
the grade of its tracks on Harrison street
The company expresses its willingness to
comply with the wishes of the Supervis
ors, in spite of the fact that its rails are
now on the official grade, but wishes time
to consider the cost. The matter was
referred to the City and County Attorney
for an opinion as to the powers of the
board.
Michael Ahearn Drowned.
The body of Michael Ahearn was dis
covered floating yesterday afternoon In
Stow Lake In Golden Gate Park by one
of the park officers. The body was taken
out and attempts were made to reßuscl
tate it, but without success. Ahearn had
been employed by E. Kenny, of Tenth
avenue and Fulton street, and went on
a spree two weeks ago after having been
paid off. It is not known whether he fell
Into the lake by accident or whether he
Jumped in with the intention of ending:
his life. The deceased was a native of
Ireland and he was 55 years old.
ELEVATOR ACCIDENT.
The San Francisco Tool Company
Not Responsible For
Damages.
The Supreme Court In a decision hand
ed down yesterday held that a maker of
elevators cannot be held responsible for
accidents where the plans are not pre
pared by him.
The case was that of H. H. Bancroft
against the San Francisco Tool Company.
There wan an accident in the Bancroft
elevator and several persons were In
jured. For these injuries Bancroft had
to pay damages, and he sought to ob
tain redress by an action against the
company making the elevator. In the
lower court he was non-suited and from
an order denying a. new trial he ap
pealed. The facts showed that Bancroft
ordered an elevator with a 15-inch drum,
when competent engineers and the tool
company held that this was too small,
one of 30 Inches being the proper thing
for the purposes intended.
The elevator was constructed accord
ing to the plans and specifications pre
pared by Bancroft, and an accident was
the result. The Supreme Court decided
that the company was not responsible
for and damages resulting from an in
cident In an elevator, the plans of which
were not of its preparation.
POLICE COURTS IN DANGER,
Lob Angeles Tribunals of Justice
Before the Supreme Bench.
The Supreme Court will be called upon
on the 9th inst. to decide the legality and
constitutionality of an act of the Legis
lature creating Police Courts in cities of
HODSON'S MASTERPIECE.
A SELECT GATHERING.
(1) Napamax, (2) San Doman, (3) Zamar 11, (4) Tea Rose, (5) Colonel Dan, (6) Elsmore, (7) Altamax, (8) Alma, (9) Sal
vation. U0) Padre Jose, (11) Little Bob, (12) Magnet, (13) Candelarla, (14) Sport McAllister, (15) Ruwena, (16) Recreation, (17)
Rulnart, (18) Ostler Joe, (19) Mount McGregor.
"A Select Gathering," by J. R. Hod
son, is a painting of nineteen famous
race horses, grouped so true to life in a
picturesque mountain valley that the
entire effect is surprisingly natural,
one of those happy results of inspira
tion and fine technique that can never
be forgotten.
Standing in and about a purling
stream made by the melting snows of
a distant mountain peak, with an old
adobe house and beautiful fields of
alfalfa in the background, the impres
sion is irresistible that the artist has
performed nothing less than a feat of
magic. He has caught nature in a
happy mood, and torn a leaf from her
great book of life. Aside from the
marvelous achievement of painting the
horses so true to nature that their
owners could pick them out if they
chanced to stroll past their resting
place, the painting is rich with the sug
gestions that go with all high art— the
poetic splendors of soft landscapes, the
glories of melting color, and the per
fect vision of a halcyon afternoon in
one of the most picturesque retreats on
the continent. In the distance the
grand old mountains are clothed in
marvelous blendings of blue and pur
ple. Over yonder are shadows of
clouds, while here and there are such
tints and tones of sunlight as to dispel
between 30,000 and 100,000 Inhabitants.
The case is that of George Mitchell, who
was arrested in Los Angeles on a war
rant Issued by Police Court Clerk E. W.
Kinßey. Mitchell was sentenced by Judge
M. T. Owens to pay a fine of $30 or be
imprisoned in the County Jail at the rate
of one day for each dollar of the fine.
Mitchell attacks the standing of the
court ami declares that the Clerk and
Judge have no official standing and the
court no existence.
The court was supposed to haye been
created under the act of the Legislature
entitled, "An act to provide for Police
Courts in cities having 30.000 and under
00 o« inhabitants, and to provide for of
ficers thereof." The contention of the
petitioner is that this act never applied
to or affected the city of Los Angeles
that it is in eontrovention of the act of
March 2. 1883. and further, that the city
of Los Angeles has over 100.000 inhabi
tantswhicH makes Its Police Courts the
■reatons of another act: and that Clerk
KinVev was not authorized to administer
an oath to the complaining witness.
AMATEUR BOXING BOUTS.
The San Francisco Athletic Club
Will Entertain at Its New
Club Booms.
The San Francisco Athletic Club will
give an interesting fistic entertainment
this evening at its new rooms, 319 Sixth
street, commencing at 8:30 sharp. After
Frank McConnell and Alex Greggains
have given an exhibition of clever hit
ting and stopping the following boxers
will appear in three-round bouts: \V.
Dirks vs. Jack Tiret. Kid McCarthy vs.
Jack Ennlß, Fred Maynard vs. Kid Mc-
Fadden and Frank Schuler vs. \V.
Preese. _
Died of His Injuries.
Michael O'Brien, who was injured last
Tuesday by jumping off a Howard-street
car while In motion, died at the City and
County Hospital yesterday.
To Cure a Cold In One Day.
Take Laxative Bromo Qulnin; Tablet*. All
drugrists refund the money If tt falls to cure
Ko. Th« genuine bu L. B. Q. on each tablet
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIPAV, MARCH 4, 1898.
OLSEN INDICTED
ON TWO COUNTS
Must Answer to the
Charge of Perjury Be
fore the Court.
Obtaining Money Under False
tenses the Second Accu
sation.
Judge Low Shows That His Connec
tion With the Matter Was Per
fectly Proper.
The Grand Jury took up the investi
gation of certain overcharges of Jus
tinian Olsen, police court stenog
rapher, yesterday and decided to pre
sent another indictment on two counts,
perjury and obtaining money on false
pretenses.
In the case of Edwin Lewis, who
swore to owning certain property in
order that he might qualify as bonds
man in Judge Cook's court, an indict
ment was ordered for perjury.
After transacting routine business
every suggestion of mists and somber
surroundings.
It is marvelous how one forgets that
he is viewing the work of man and im
agines he is looking at the valley itself
and its select inhabitants as he studies
the details of the work. The painting
is of madder water colors, on a 7xlo
parchment, and the observer wonders
as he gazes upon the magical blending
of mountain grandeur and great horses
at rest how so much of the sublime
and beautiful ever became woven into
such a web of glory in so small a space
as the masterpiece occupies.
Coming to the details of the painting
it is seen that no strong feature has
been omitted. Far to the left are
stacks of the first crop of alfalfa, some
what sunburned and mellowed by age.
The second crop is cut, and there are
suggestions of activity around it. There
are ranch wagons, emigrant wagons
and an old "prairie schooner" in the
distance, the great valley stretching
over peaceful areas on and on to the
foothills. The third crop of alfalfa is
growing and the horses have been turn
ed into the field to nip it off. It is noon.
Their stomachs are full and they have
come down to the valley to drink from
the crystal stream that has rippled
from the whitecapped mountains in
the distance. Many of them are stand
and discussing municipal matters the
Grand Jury adjourned for the day.
Judge Charles A. Low was seen yes
terday afternoon regarding his connec
tion with Olsen's case and said:
"The Call has been misinformed
about me and the action of the Grand
Jury, and the article published to the
effect that I was being investigated by
the Grand Jury in connection with the
alleged irregularities of Mr. Olsen, the
stenographer of my court, was without
foundation in fact. At my request I
was allowed to appear before the Grand
Jury this afternoon and every man on
the jury declared that there was abso
lutely no truth in the statement that
such a report had emanated from any
member of that body. I told them that
I was ready at all times to have the
affairs of my court examined into, and
their committee will always be welcome
to do so.
"So far as Mr. Olsen is concerned,
his position has been declared vacant,
as I understand the Grand Jury has
filed two indictments against him. 1
refrained from removing him until now,
believing it only just that he should
not be removed until such action had
been taken."
In the evidence before the Grand
Jury Judge Low testified that he re
lied upon Olsen's oath in passing bills
presented to him, and when the matters
came before him properly accredited
and sworn to he had no other supposi
tion than that they were correct, and
had no reason for questioning their ac
curacy.
Chased and Captured.
Frank Schadt, a peddler 17 years of age,
was observed yesterday by Policeman
Keys attempting to force open the win
dow of a house on Pine street, near L,yon,
with a "jimmy." When he saw the of
ficer, he ran, but after chasing him sev
eral blocks Keys overtook Schadt and took
him to the City Prison, where a charge
of attempted burglary was booked
against him. The "jimmy" was booked
as evidence.
■ ♦ ■ ■ -
POOLSELLERS JUBILANT. \
A Test Jury Brings in a Verdict of
Acquittal.
The Police Judges are satisfied that it
is Impossible to get a conviction by a
jury in pool-selling cases, which has been
apparent for some time.
Yesterday Judges Campbell, Low and
Joachimsen set in bank in the latter' 3
court to try the case of S. Oysterhouse,
a clerk for J. S. Purdy, 19 Ellis street,
charged with violating the poolroom or
dinance. Great pains had been taken
by the police to get a good jury and
everything possible was done to secure
a conviction.
The evidence was clear, but the jury
was only out two minutes and returned
with a verdict of not guilty. As they
expressed it, there was no use in strik
ing at the branches and leaving the root
untouched. In other words, so long as
poolselllng Is legalized on the racetrack
there is no reason why it should not be
legalized outside the track.
SAILOR HANSEN CLEARED.
It Was Shown That Captain de Win
ter Acted Hastily and Swore
Profanely.
United States Commissioner Hf-acook
yesterday dismissed the charge against
Charles Hansen of the ship If. P. Grace
and discharged the prisoner. Captain de
Winter charged that on the voyage from
Baltimore to this port Hansen refused to
obey orders.
The testimony showed that Hansen was
steering the ship one night, and had not
been more" than two minutes at the wheel
when the captain discovered that the ship
was one point off her course. Other wit
nesses swore that she was only a quarter
of a point off. The captain thereupon
ing in the water near an old adobe
house, which is in the foreground and
to the left.
The artist has caught them grouped
as naturally as if they had been pho
tographed in a bunch. In this connec
tion there is one slight defect. The
grouping is a little too low and too
much in the foreground, but in spite
of this there has probably never been
so natural a grouping of horses in any
American or foreign picture. Horse
men say that the work is as natural as
if the horses had been photographed in
a pasture.
This picture is the first of the kind
ever produced, and it required the skill
of an artist as well as that of a prac
tical photographer to achieve the suc
cess which is stamped upon every part
of the great work. Every horse is
painted in his own colors and every
group is from photographs of the indi
vidual horses composing the group. It
required extreme knowledge of art to
gain the perspective and the grouping
in such a way as to appeal to horse
men as well as to the general public,
and it required a high class photog
rapher to transfer the details of a pho
tograph to a canvas that blends the
accuracy of the camera with the poetic
and lifelike touches and melodies of ar
tistic creation.
swore at Hansen, and asked him why he
did not steer the ship straight.
Ilunsen replied that he would do so,
and laid an accent upon the word "sir"
that the captain did not relish, and he
accordingly took Hanßen off the wheel
and kept him in confinement for 128 days.
FREE PUBLIC MARKET.
Subcommittees Meeting With En
couragement Among the
Producers.
J. V. O'Brien, secretary of the commit
tee of the Producers' 'Free Public Mar
ket Convention, states that the work is
progressing favorably, and are laboring
hard to accomplish the desired end— the
establishment of a free market that will
be easy of access and bring the produc
ers and consumers together. For a long
time the movement hung fire and it was
not until the San Francisco Farmers'
Club took hold of the helm that the
matter assumed any definite shape. The
convention of the producers was the re
sult, and out of this grew the perma
nent committee which now has the work
in hand.
The work has been dMded so that the
advance will be made under three heads.
Subcommittees will confer with the Har
bor Commissioners as to securing a fa
vorable site on the city front, and with
the commission merchantsand the trans
portation companies looking to favorable
rates on transportation of freight.
These gentlemen are also making in
quiry as to who are friendly to the move
ment and who will give their financial
as well as moral support. The first to
come to the front in both lines were the
Petaluma Poultry Keepers' Association
and the Petaluma Grange. Their first
contributions, besides moral support, was
$5 each. Some of the money will be
used In the publications of bulletins de
scriptive of the movement and the pro
gress made.
Police Judges' Vacation.
The Police Judges met yesterday and
decided upon their vacation as follows:
Conlan, May; Campbell. June, Joachim
sen, July, and Low, August.
EXPERTS TALK
ABOUT CREOSOTE
They Disagree as to the
Amount to Be Used
on Piles.
In Their Opinion the Water
Front Is Now in Good
Condition.
Another Dreary Day in the Injunc
tion Suit Against the Harbor
Commissioners.
But little testimony of public inter
est was given yesterday at the trial of
the injunction suit brought by the
I Parafflne Paint Company against the
j State Board of Harbor Commissioners.
The examination of the witnesses called
by the defendants proved very weari
some. When the adjournment hour ar
rived the defense had a half dozen oth
er witnesses in attendance. Owing to
the fact that to-day will be devoted to
the calling of the law and motion cal
endar and that Judge Belcher devotes
the first Monday cf each month to the
trial of appeal cases from the Justices'
Court, the further hearing of the wa
ter front suit was postponed until next
Tuesday.
L. J. Le Conte, a surveying engineer,
who has followed that profession since
1875, was the first witness called by At
torney Stratto-n. After being questioned
at length to prove him an expert on the
subject of timber preserving, he testi
fied that he made an examination of
the water front on the 21st and 23d of
last month.
"In what condition did you find the
Wharves?" asked Attorney Stratton.
"In better condition than I have ever
seen them."
Le Conte, in response to other ques
tions, said it would take from 1500 to
2000 piles to place the front in perfect
condition. Not more than half that
number of piles would be required to
place it in good condition. Le Conte
further testified that with but few ex
ceptions, the piles were, to all outward
appearance, intact. He believed if piles
were properly crosoted under the new
process, they should last between twen
ty and twenty-five years. In his opin
ion, ten pounds of creosote to the cubic
foot would be sufficient to prepare the
piles, if the work of creo-soting was
properly done.
Attorney Cope cross-examined Le
Conte at considerable length, and elic
ited the information that the witness
had been engaged by the Harbor Com
missioners to examine the water front
for the purpose at giving expert testi
mony at the trial of the present suit.
'•Should I tell you," said Attorney
Cope, "that the commissioners claim
that it will require 817 piles to repair
the Green-street wharf and 500 for the
Spear-street wharf, would you still
stand by your estimate that" between
lf>oo and 2000 piles would put the water
front in perfect condition?"
"I would have to change my figures,"
replied Le Conte.
The witness next admitted that he
had not seen any perfect creosoting
until within a year and a half ago.
"Who accompanied you on your tour
of investigation?"
"The first day Mr. Thompson accom
panied me; on the second day Mr.
Hinds," replied Le Conte.
"Did you know that Hinds Is some
times employed by P. F. Dundon?"
"I did not," answered Le Conte.
Attorney W. H. Jordan, who repre
sented the Pacific Pine Lumber Com
pany in the injunction suits brought by
that corporation against the Harbor
Commissioners, was then called to the
stand. He said Attorney Stratton called
on him relative to a dismissal of the
actions. President Herrick of the lum
ber company was in the office at the
time. Jordan testified that he discussed
the law points involved with Stratton,
and that they agreed on some and dis
agreed on others.
"My clients felt aggrieved," said Jor
dan, "for they felt they had not re
ceived proper treatment at the hands
of the commissioners. Mr. Herrick said
he intended to compel the commission
to comply with the law when letting
contracts. Several days later, I met
Mr. Stratton at his office and informed
him that the Pacific Pine Lumber Com
pany would dismiss the proceedings if
given a certain percentage of the or
ders for lumber, shingles and piles.
Stratton said he would consult the com
missioners, and some time later tele
phoned me to go ahead with the suits.
At our first interview I told him the
commission had in my opinion violated
the law in awarding the contract to
ii i ■
ADVERTISEMENTS. .......
pEW LIFE FOR MENI|
;^ : lliihi^'v ELECTRIC BELT i^tfrat "^
p With Free Suspensory for Weak Men. 2
: g— '■ For men who have lost vital energy, strength and power; men who -^g
!y- are suffering from the effects of past excesses; whose nerve -^
!•— strength is failing. This famous life-giver will give you new hope, =^»
SSH new ambition. It will fill your nerves and blood with life and remove 135
; all evidence of weakness. -^ j
New Cures Reported Daily. |j
JT "I am a new man since I have worn your belt. I am. now strong. in —
!•— every way and am perfectly well and strong. The Belt has done all that -^ I
you said it would, and more, too," writes M. Caton, Jacksonville. ■Or.. "^ !
«■" February 19. ■Hpf9B@l^@i^^BSj'^ s SSSPESc^ . —^» \
JIT ."I would not be without your Electric 1 Belt, as it has done me more 23 j
»- good than anything that I have ever used," writes James E. Lancing, — m !
£~ Fall River Mills, Cal., February 22, 1898. 13 j
£ "THREE CLASSES OF MEN," FREE. 2
»H This is Dr. Sanden's famous: book for men. , It is full of valuable US
S^: information to weak men. . It tells how Dr. Sanden's Belt cures after
medicine fails. It Is free to you. ; Call or write for it to-day, and try-^
g- this wonderful '- Belt. Call or address ■■■•".: -^
B SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., '- « 30 Market St., Opposite . 3
«^ OAJNJJJEiJN '£iLJtUlnlt» yU., Palace Hotel. San Francisco. '■-*
■*"" ■:■'■'•■- Office hours— B a. m. to 8 p. m. : Sundays, 10 to 1.,. Branches at Los Angeles.- Cal.,
5" • 2<MV4 * South Broadway ; • Portland. Or., • 253 ; Washington :-. St.; ■ Denver. . Colo.. ; 931 Six- —
i»^»'t teenth St.; Dallas. Tex.. 283 Main St.- • ' " " . ' — «
«^— L " -- . NOTE— no mistake in the number— Market st. ■ -^g
the S. E. Slade Lumber Company, and
also In connection with the Darby Lay
don Company."
"Did you meet Mr. Slade after the
suits were commenced by you for tl
Pacific Pine Lumber Company an
prior to their dismissal?" asked Atto
ney Cope.
"I did not."
John D. Isaacs, a civil engineer, no
in the employ of the Southern Pacifi
Company, was called as an expert 01
creosoting. He testified that he hac
made a special study of creosote, anc
had established several plants for th
railroad. He believed that ten poum
of creosote to the cubic foot was sum
cient to protect piles from the ravage
of teredos. The creosote shoulc 1 be ana
lyzed before use, and then properly ap
plied and in sufficient quantity. If th
creosote penetrated the wood one-hal
inch he believed the piles properly pro
tected.
On cross-examination, Isaacs said n
was accustomed to use from ten to six
teen pounds of creosote to the cubic
foot. In important marine work he
was of the opinion that fourteen pounds
of creosote to the cubic foot would not
be any too much to use.
W. J. Watson, manager and superin
tendent of the Pacific Refining Roofing
Company, testified that he submitted a
bid on the contract work the Parafflne
Paint Company brought suit over. He
added that he had never been given a
contract by the Board of Harbor Com
missioners.
•'You are friendly toward P. F. Dun
don, are you not?" asked Attorney
Cope.
"No, sir," replied the witness. In
fact, we have been antagonistic toward
him for over a year. We formerly fur
nished him creosote oil, but discontin
ued doing so because we believed he
was taking advantage of our measure
ments. We refused to deal with him un
til he accepted our measurements and
paid the price we asked for our oil."
Charles E. Colton, an Oakland bridge
and wharf builder, testified that he had
made an examination of the wharves
along the front, and found them in good
condition. He admitted finding six or
seven of the piles between the ferry
slips in bad condition. He also found
some short piles under little Main-stre,et
wha rf .
In answer to a direct question asked
by Attorney Cope, Colton said he had
been engaged by the Harbor Commis
sioners as an expert for the purpose of
testifying at the trial. He also admit
ted having received contracts from the
commission.
The day's proceedings concluded with '
the testimony of George Heeth and D. j
J. Ahearn, employes of the commission. !
They testified that the piles handled by |
them in wharf repair work were In good j
condition and properly creosoted.
VACANCIES IN THE
BOARD OF REGENTS
Governor Budd Will Probably
Reappoint J. West Mar
tin of Oakland.
A Ne-w Man May Be Named to Suc
ceed George T. Maryo of
This City.
The duty will soon devolve upon Gover- j
nor Budd of appointing two Regents of the j
State University, to fill vacancies caused |
by the expiration of the terms of office
of J. West Martin of Oakland and George
T. Marye Jr. of San Francisco. The in
formation is obtained from ■what is con- j
sidered a trustworthy source that Mr. j
Martin will be reappofnted.' His first ap- >
polntment as Regent was made by Gover- i
nor Haight in 1871, and he has served con- i
tinuously ever since. He was reappointed
by Governors Perkins and Waterman,
and will, it is said, be reappointed by
Governor Budd.
Mr. Martin was a delegate to the State
convention which gave H. H. Haight his ]
first nomination for Governor. He also i
served in the convention which renomi- i
nated Governor Haight. and hadthe honor j
of presenting the Governor's name to the
convention. Mr. Martin also served as j
a delegate to the constitutional conven
tion of 1878, and took a deep interest in
framing the article of the constitution
which declares the university to be a
public trust.
The impression has obtained that Mr. j
Marye will not be reappointed. Diligent
inquiry fails to elicit the name of his
successor.
Anthony Burgle Sentenced.
Anthony Burgle, convicted In Judge :
Wallace's court of having assaulted Sig- !
mund Braverman with intent to commit j
murder, was sentenced to seven years in
Folsom Prison yesterday morning, i
Charles J. Whelan. who pleaded guilty !
to a charge of petty larceny, was sen- I
tenced to six months in the County Jail, j
To Be Appointed To-Day.
The local politicians are very much
worked up over the appointment of the
successor to the late Dr. Stanton, the
Railroad Commissioner, but they will
have something definite to-day to rest
their hopes upon. Governor Budd re
turned to Sacramento last night, and it
is understood that he will positively ap
point Dr. Stanton's successor to-day— in
i fact that he will issue the commission
the first thing this morning.
Butchers' Masquerade .Ball.
The Journeymen Butchers, P. B. and A.,
Lodge No. 7, of San Mateo County, cele
brated Washington's birthday with a
grand masquerade ball in their new hal!
in Baden on Saturday evening last. The
hall was decorated with flags and bunt
ing and made a pleasing appearance, me
grand march was led by Thomas O Riley
and Miss A. Goggens. An elaborate sup
per was served at midnight, after which
dancing was resumed. Prizes J« r a hand
some and character costumes were awara
ed as follows: Miss Lilly La Grande,
Miss £i:innah Cohen, Miss Amy Russej , J.
B. Wallace, Mr. Hudson, P. Gleason, J.
Keating and Miller Cohen. The Judges
were: Thomas Hickey. Ed Graham and
W. S. Money. The committees were as
follows: Thomas O'Rlley, t flo °r
ger; C. A. Coombs, assistant: reception,
Mr. McWllliams. J. Walker and T. b. Mc-
Grath; arrungtments, I. 11. Kelly and J.
O'Day. .
■ ADVERTISEMENTS.
Ten
Dollars
Enough
jg± Not a cent more
W«J need be paid if
JkjSL^ you come to us
/^|lh*^\ for a new suit or
£ OTPVi^v overcoat.
MUM' Ifik That's our whole-
'^shß : $$ sale price ~~ the
jp ;:i ||SfiS price of the man-
Wjffllui 1 ufacturer selling
iiilir llf'l-— direct to; you.
-- kjiij ■''»,. 1 _ No better wearing
— HE Ji : All-wool Cloth
.if 'B made than our
ail Pfl y^-\ own Oregon City
mjl j*^^^ cassimere. Not
' BF^^~ii}t* a weak thread in
§Hr^ it-
Style Right.
Fit Right.
Workmanship Right.
•
Buy of the maker. Come to the Blue
. Signs, second block from Market.
BROWNBROSico
Wholesale Manufacturers ;
Selling at Retail,
121-123 SANSOME ST.
i REMEMBER f
*: That the 20 Per Cent Discount g
5 Clearance §
I SALE 1
I ART GOODS)
I ART GOODS I
3 ■ ■ .".'fit
j S. & G. GUMP'S, I
> 113 GEARY STREET, : |
I Closes Positively on February §
I 28, 1898. I
Tprirr
ldlli
! WEEKLY
WILL
ol It Publishes the Cream of th»
Z) News of the Week and .
3 MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
cJ ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°\ IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY .
of PAPER ON THE
2)' PACIFIC COAST
3— \ / t
11-The Best \ /.Mining
°» Telegraphic \>/ News That .
°( Service on /\ Is Accurate
oc The Coast / \& up to date
d/ Not a Line of it Sensational >. .
p/ or Faky, and Not a Line of .
0 it Dry or Uninteresting.
DC Bright, Clean, A Champion of- ' •.'
/I Thoughtful. Truth.
(0 A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
3 ALL THE TIME.
3 IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
r) HOME MAIL, $1.55 .
«=K INDUSTRIES A YEAR. ;; \ .
T-'^tfS^bfeiJVj a Bi| ? ** '* » non-poiscnooa
sf^^^^^^^^^^^A remedy for Gonorrhoea,
Gle«t, Spermatorrhoea,
JJHP r in 1 tosd».Ti.^B Whites, unnatural dis-
JHV On*r»oi»ed ■ charged, or soy inflamma.-"
■•»■ not to stricture. - tion, irritation or ulcera-
Pj—JPreteota eonuglon. • tioa :of raucous mem-
RSltheEvansOhemiruCo. brane«. Non-astringent.
VgA CINCINNATI.O ■■ Sold by l)rot l»|s, -
U. S. a H^°f Beut iv plain wrapper,
4^^^^^_^^#!S by cxrrt-ss, propai,!, for
''C^HtaK^ ■ 1 .- 00 - or 3 Lottleg, «2.75.
'-. . "-^^^■fr* '..-.\™ Circular mat on request.
>BVDEWEY;STRdNG&CO. >ggs' :"
£ ;)
V^33o MARKET ST. S.F.^s^HER LIFE
THREATENED
BY A BURGLAR
Thrilling Experience
of Mrs. R. A. Evans
Of Oak Street.
Went Home and Found a
Burglar at Work in
Her Kitchen.
He Seized a Bread Knife and
Said He Would Kill Her
if She Screamed.
O^OLLY LOOTEDTHE PLACE
The Terror-Strioken Woman Com
pelled to Give Up All Her
Valuables.
It IS seldom that a lady has been
iled to undergo an experience at
tV handa of a burglar similar to that
of Mrs. R. A. Evans of 1529 Oak street,
went downtown Tuesday after
noon, locking the house up carefully.
She returned about 4 o'clock, and un
tacking the front door went straight to
the kitchen to lay aside some parcels
sho was carrying. As she opened the
kitchen door a young man confronted
.nd in her surprise she uttered a
Bcream. The young man seized her by
the throat and forced her into a chair.
Tie snatched a large bread knife from
the table, and holding it threateningly
over her said sternly: "If you utter an-
Tjfher scream or attempt to move from
this chair till I tell you I will kill you."
•I." Mrs. Evans was paralysed with fear
•"••' arid implored him not to harm her, and
.she would remain perfectly quiet. The
. b-iirglar coolly searched the room for
..plunder, and after he had satisfied
: huniself said to the terror-stricken i
: . woman: "Now get up and come with
. me and Bhow me where you keep your
:'. money and jewelry."
: . She rose from the chair and meekly
went with him from room to room,
telling him where to find what he was
looking for. All the time he kept the
: br.<?ad knife in his hand and occasion
: ." ally -uould make a threatening move
"•■ _'. meat toward Mrs. Evan?, as he was
' .apparently suspicious that she would
n for help as she saw all her val
*\ "uables being stolen from her.
•■•.The burglar did not hurry himself,
. and after he had taken all her Jewelry I
"'..' and trinkets he forced her into a chair ,
and demanded her money. She handed !
: . him her purse, and with tears in her j
eyes declared that it was all the money i
' . ahe had. She begged him to go away
and.J3he would not make an outcry. She ;
wiVs almost crazy with fright and could .
with difficulty restrain herself from i
.- reaming,
.• ■ The burglar had grathered together
.:■■■%■. -ral hundred dollars' worth of
' '•■ property, an«l after warning Mrs.
; Evans if he heard her scream
.■■"tie- would return and kill her he
.'.quietly left the house. She Was
K.t. scared she did not attempt to
mfpve f'»r some minutes, and then she
jp gave vent to her overtaxed nerves by
reaming as loud as she could. Her
.srr-earns attracted the attention of the
V: neighbors and they rushed into the
. j]i>use.
. . Mrs. Evans told them of her expe
•'■■•;'rlen.ee and a telephone message was
■t to police headquarters. Detectives
Bitvey, Egan and Gibson were detailed
t. once on the case and hurried to the
'house.- Mrs. Evans gave them a de
scription of the burglar. She said he
\vas a young man, about 20 years of
ape, and was dressed in a sailor's suit.
.The description was the same as that
•i-jpfVen by other people who have had
:r houses visited recently and the
live department is making des
... jperate efforts to capture him, but so
• far- without BUCcesa A description of
iViin Ls in the hands of every patrolman
. ;an:d th* instructions are to arrest him
ight.
■ ■Tr will be a long time before Mrs.
/Ey.^iis' nerves recover from the shook
:•••' received at the hands of the burglar,
' Bhe Is in hopes that he will be am
d sent out of the way for sev
al • y ears.
GOAL DEALERS INDICTED.
A Long List of Defendants for Whom
Warrants Are Out on a Charge
of Conspiracy.
The United States Grand Jury yester
day returned indictments against all the
- .member* of the Coal Dealers' Association,
including a large number of retail deal
fr.-' charging them with conspiring to vio
late tho anti-trust law. Judge de Haven
: fixed .the bonds of each of the defendants
"■ at $I*o and ordered bench warrants issued
for their arrest. The following is a com
plete list of the persons indicted:
Chiirlfs R. Allen, Central Coal Company, R.
■'■• l>. Chandler. George Fritch. Oregon Coal and
' Kar.lc&tSon Company, W. G. Stafford, Alex
ander Dunsrnuir an<l James Dunsmair, K. 11.
• ' AI.V-' '•:tii:n«T. I>em<-trio Alberigi, Alfredo Pelle
grini. Peter Alberigl, Oiaclnto Franceschi. Her
..■■ll Alt.ers. Kiehnrd Huslng, 11. Albert, M.
.. Aibri-rlit, Juhn C. Anderson, A. C. Boysen An
::"<n, John Anderson, George A. Anderson,
• i.;i:st.iv<- A Anderson, Frank Angonnet, j'.'-r
ij:. r.F Angonett. Samuel Antoni, Giuseppi Pel
:!::!. Joseph Baocl, Oiaoopo Papera, Do
• nieo Bacigralopi, Giovanni Bacigaiupl. I>.
Badaracco, V. Badaracco, George H. Baldwin,
•. ' J.ohn I»oe Baldwin. F. Barnard. W. P. Barnes.
ADVEBTTSEMENTS.
; : If you cannot get beef,
mutton will answer.
' You may choose between
milk, water, coffee or tea.
■ But there is no second choice
: .for Scott's Emulsion.
! i' It is Scott's Emulsion or
nothing.
?1v; When you need the best
cod-liver oil, the best hypo-
phosphites, and the best
glycerine, all combined in
the best possible manner,
you have only one choice.
-;:'• It brings prompt results
■ in all cases of wasting, or
loss in weight.
:• •..;•.. •• Afl druggists; 50c and $i.cxx
... . *CCrTT & BOWNE. ChMuUu, New Y«rk.
I
••• . : - - ■..-.". ■ -.-'
lJehrm»n F' J^', w«»«nw «»«n Beckroan. Henry
lirdt hVi WaMu - T. BUlln B slea, Ben-
Uuwman l A h> ,J, J , Ohn , > VraKe - A - **»"* H. A.
X i?i n ; "• A - "oyakln. Tliotnuu lirannan. J.
Brooks T 1 , An 5 cl ° v tfrt«*>l"a, Peyton H.
Birk- ' v ; ,C,, C ,- rown . N. Bulleruieck, James
BurrrTnl f Fl^t" ¥ Urke - JoBe P h Slcke . Jose H h
H" r [ onl ' TLT L - Ohielmettt, Peter D. Butt, James
Barron. John Doe Williams. John Doe Brown
is,?'. ,(" i M> T Barelll es. Thomas W. Ureen. I. B.
lioitw l? k> J. T. Currey, John Doe Cagnlacci,
John Doe Ciucci. J. Carroll. A. 0. Campbell,
Jonn J. Carroll, John Doe Morrlssey, Charles
ii. L rtv i rl sht, John Doe Gavin, James Cant-
Wi l. J. .Casey, John A. Cavagnuro, Loula
Cavagnaro, p. Cauhupe, G. Cuhape, ltocco
Cereghlno, Fernando Cordano, John W.
Chappell, Kphrem B. Koons, Joseph Cham
bers, F. M. Child. Martin Haldln. K. S.
Cneepham, C. J. Chrlstensen, M. Clark, S. P.
a. Clark, Lorenzo Dwlght. J. J. Classen. C. F.
Clemens, P. N. Jansen, Martin Connelly, Philip
I ciark, M. Connor, P. Conway, Alexander Craig,
1- tuneo. J. Croßsettl. C. B. Classen. J. B.
Dallas, C. 11. Dallman, G. D. Demartlnl, J.
Demartlnl, A. Devoto, Carlo Maclnl. M. F.
Dolly, M. Donaghy, J. J. Donnegan, John Doe
Donohue, John Doe Murphy, J. P. Donovan,
; H. Doscher, Thomas J. Doyle, John Draffln,
J. C. O'Keefe, Dennis J. Drew, Patrick Drts
coll, Theodore Wettig, T. P. Duffy, Mrs. Mar
garet Dugan, F. M. Ames, F. P. Duley. A. A.
Duncan, J. F. Dwyer. T. J. Davidson, E. W.
W. Davidson. A. M. Ebbets, William Ervin, M.
I W. Farrell, E. D. Fell, G. B. Farrettt. W. C.
j Fisher," L. G. Flanagan, John Doe Flemmlng,
i Hugh Flynn, G. C. Fowler, Mrs. P. E. Fox,
James Foggarty. William Springer. A. Franchl,
George llottl, George Hotti Jr.. C. Gallagher.
William J. Gallagher, John Gondolfo, A. Gar
rlgues. A. Gun... G. B. Gatto. Peter Gatto,
| A. Glnocchlo, D. Giovanni. John Giovannonl.
I L. -Glovannini, Martin Giovannoni, Gabriel Gi
ovannonl, Albert Giovannoni, James T. Gorle,
C. E. Gobs, E. M. Gobs, G. Graham. Joseph
| Graham, J. T. Graham. William Granileld,
I Thomas Green, Peter McCullough, A. 11.
I Greenberg, William Groat. C. F. Groat. W. L.
1 Groat. Felix Gross. Michael Mullaney, John
i Guerln. N. Gustafson. Angelo Guinanso, Felloe
j Lucchese, William J. Halpin. G. H. Halpin,
W. L. Hammond. George HanPen, P. Hansen,
J. S. Hare. De Lourcy. W. Hodgkln, John Har
diman. Charles Harklns, William W. R.
Hatch, C, S. Healey, C. L. Hedemark
John Doe McNab. H. C. Henderson,
P. J. Hennescy. J. P. Herllhy. M. Heron.
Frank Hoeckele, James Hoey, C. W . Hogan.
David Hughes, Robert Hunter. Hermann
Harms, Hermann Harms Jr.. H. F. Jennings.
Hans Jensen. 11. Johnson, George Jones, \\ . J.
Jones, M. Joost. Henry Joost, Henry Jurgena,
Frank Kayser. Richard Kay.— r. John Kearny.
C. J. Kelly, M. B. Kelly, M. J. Kelly, Peter
Kelly. J. Kerr, M. Kerr, R. A. Kershaw. John
Kinsman. C. T. Ornsby. R. Kingston. Leo
Klotz, C. Knickerbocker, F. Knoblock. Aug
Koerber. J. H. Kruse, J. Kenny. Matthew
Kerr. George Kramer. Theodore Labhard, tt.
Lagan, G. Lagomarslno. B. F I>ange. Mrs.
Ella M. Gough, L. Lavarone, John Doe La
varone. C. Lawson. John Lelser. R. V>. Leslie,
S. A. Leslie, Samuel Levlt. George BB ™ h L ° L
J W Lucy, P. Lynch, E. Llttlewood. Thomas
Madlgan. A. Ti. Maguire M. Magulre, O. Ma
gulre, C. A. Maschlo, George J. Matth esen.
A Meyer H C. E. Meyer, John Middleton,
K. Miller.' Mrs. John Moore, P. C. Mo^f";
Thomas Morten, Georere J. Kenny. Matthew
:r. GeorKe Kramer. Theodore Uabhard, U.
fan, G. Laeomarsino. B. F. I-^nff. Mrs
a M GtoUKh, L. lavarune, John Doe La
one. C. Laws in. John Leiser. R. W. Leslie,
\ Leslie, Samuel Levlt. George B. Low,
vv trticy. P. Lynch, E. Uttlewood, 'ihomas
dikan. A. IS. Magulr.-. M. Maguire O. Ma
re C A. MaschiO, George J. Matthiesen.
Meyer H. < '■ B. Meyer, John Middleton,
Miller, Mr^. John Moore, P. C. Morton,
>mac Morton, (Jeoree Morzolf. Atigustino
tronl, Andrea Guastuccl, J. Mullaney. J. F.
Mullen, T. Mullen. M. Murphy, J. Murray. \\.
K. Mllncr C. H. Milner, Peter Mellon H.
Miller, Andrew Monl. Lit.ero Pocal. J. B. Mac
■mac F. P. McAuliffe, D. N. McAullffe.
Thomas McUrlde. D. McCarte. E. McUoskey.
James I?. McCloskey. John B. McCloskey, P.
J. McCormick, Joseph McDonald. P. A. Me
nald, Hugh McGill, P. McGonagle. O. J.
i McGrath. James H. Mcllugh. William Me-
Kenzie. William McMann. John Doe McCoy.
, John Doe Johnson. A. A. Newbert, C. W. N'.s
i sum, John Nolan, A. Noland. H. North
rut. J Norton. T. O'Brien, E. O'Connor.
D. O'Day. T. F. O'Day. J. B. O'Day. Frank
O'Kane. T. J. O'Kane, John Ollva, Emanuele
' Ollva. R. T. O-Meara, C. F. McCarthy, P.
O'Reilly. Hugh .T. Owen. A. Paganl, J. Q. A.
Patterson, Edward Peabody, P. Petersen, P.
Perpoll, Gabriel Dionlsis, Farnlto Perpoli,
George Phillips. G. B. Podesta, Luigi Cade
martori. J. P. Pollard, A. T. Panne.ll, Henry
Paussman. Giovanni Quelrolo. Giovanni Baci
g-alupi, P. Qulnn, F. Rasmussen. Louis Ratto,
P. Ratto. B. F. Reilley. H. Reichers, Clem
Richardson. D. J. Ring, Thomas J. Ring, G.
Rippstein. Paul Raggio, Fortunate Depavoll.
Joseph Rodger, W. A. Hanton, E. Rnlfe, James
T. Rosseter, J. H. Rullfs, George Ryan, C. H.
Ryder, H. F. Ropcke, George Podesta, Ernest
Rolfs, G. Sangulnettl, John Doe Sannebeck,
John Doe Weber. G. B. Saracco, Vittore Sar
tinl. Gugllelmo Mlcheli, F. Schrlck. E. D.
Schulken. H. H. Scott & Son Co.. William Pen
ner, Mrs. A. Shannon, M. Sheedy, John Doe
Sheerin, John Doe Eagen, W. J. Shields, John
Smith. F. X. Steffens, B. fuelling, John Stell
ing. Peter Stelling. M. Stelllng, John Doe
Stokes, John Doe Lalley, John Stumpf, B. B.
Sturdivant, John T. Sturdivant, P. H. Sturdi
vant. John Sullivan. Gus Swenson, C. H.
Sweltzer, Julius Schulken, John Doe Schulken,
John Doe Sorenson, A. A. Taft, C. J. Taggart.
W. E. John Doe Lalley, John George B. B.
ilivant, John T. Sturdlvant, I. H. Sturdi
. John Sullivan. lius Swenson, C. H.
tzer. Julius Schulken, John Doe Pohulken,
Doe Borenson, A. A. Taft. C. J. Tapgnrt.
2. Tapsart. W. H. Teigeler, George Thack
ray, N. C. Thompson, R. Tierman. Martin
Tlerney. Thomas Tierney, H. Tobelmann, N.
C. Toft, M. Tracy. Victor Treßpallles. John
Tuttle, J. F. Underwood, W. F. Van Bergen,
Harry Baehr. E. W. Wainwrlght, J. W. Ens
ton. M. Waters, R. H. Webb. John Weith, H.
.1. Wessllng, H. C. Wessllng. T. White. August
Williams. A. J. Wilson. T. W. Wilson. W. H.
Wiseman. A. Wlstrand. J. H. A. Wohler, E.
Wolfe, A. Woodly, H. Wrede and Julius
Wrede.
BOOTH GOES TO PORTLAND.
The Soldiers and Lassies Regret His
Leaving — His Daughter Ac
companies Him.
Amid the many Godspeeds and fare
wells General Booth has departed from
this city after one of the most enjoyable
and successful visits of his journey, if his
words to the army in this city are to be
believed.
There was quite a crowd to bid the lead
er good-by and there was much weeping
finrnng the blue-bonneted lassies and even
the stanch soldiers of Christ brushed
away something like a tear from their
eyes.
Accompanying- the general were Com
mander Booth-Tucker. Consul Booth-
Tucker, Commander Nicholl and Colonel
Lawley. The leader of the Salvation
Army intends going to Portland and from
there his entire route has been arranged.
MYSTERY OF
MRS. ROBERTSON
An Elegantly Dressed Woman,
With Two Children, Ar
rested for Being Drunk.
Secretary Kane Applies for Letters of
Guardianship Over the Little
Ones.
Mrs. Jane Robertson, an elegantly
dressed woman, was arrested late on
Wednesday night by Sergeant Baldwin
and taken to the City Prison, where she
was booked as "drunk." She had two
children with her— a boy about 3 years
of age and a girl 2 years. Both children
are exceptionally bright and well dressed.
Mrs. Robertson was on O'Farrell street j
about 11 o'clock, and attempted to gain I
an entrance into the Orpheum. She
j crossed the street and tried to get into
j the Alcazar. Sergeant Baldwin, noticing
her condition, advised her to go home
with her children; but she was "saucy,"
i and he decided to lock her up.
Frank Kane, secretary o£ the Pacific j
I Coast Society for the Prevention of !
i Cruelty to Children, applied for letters
j of guardianship over the two children
| yesterday, and the papers were served
| upon Mrs. Robertson in the City Prison, j
j Sne was then allowed to go home.
Mrs. Rooertson lives In elegantly fur- i
I nished apartments at 603 Baker street. |
| She claims to be married to a man named j
j Robertson, who owns mines in Mexico,
: where he now is. another time she
J said her husband was a wealthy rancher |
i in Fresno County. She had been watched
i by the officers of the different societies
j for some years, but they never could get
, access to her house, as the door is always
! jealously guarded by a Japanese servant.
I It is thought that the children are me
i offspring of some woman who dares not
' admit her motherhood and tnat Mrs.
j Robertson, who was at one time known
; as Mrs. Briggs, Is being liberally paid by
; the lather for their support. It is not
the first time that Mrs. Robertson has
been arrested, but on the previous occa
sion a gentleman interceded for her for
the sake of the children, and sne was told
to go home.
— »—
I Hopes for Silver.
Nathan Cole Jr., the president of the
Silver Republican Club of Los Angeles,
was at the California yesterday. He cx
i presses himself as most hopeful of the
i silver cauft in the next national election,
and declares that next fall the Silver Re
publicans will probably unite with the
Democrats and Prohibitionists, and he
does not see how they can fail to carry
the State. He was in receipt yesterday
of a letter from William Jennings Bryan,
I calling his attention to his speech made
I at Lincoln, Nebr., on Lincoln day.
Speaking of the Hon. Charles 11. Towne
Cole said: "He is making his present
tour under the auspices of my club. I
believe that the next national free silver
convention will place Towne upon the
ticket along with Bryan, for I am con
vinced that free silver will b<> tho issue i
la three years. J
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 4, 1898.
THEY WILL CIRCLE THE GLOBE
Varied Experiences of Parisian Reporters Who Are
Touring the World.
J.BARRIERE AND R. GORINI.
Paris comes to the front these days, in the the line of versatility of its
newsgatherers. J. Barriere and H. Gorini, reporters on the staff of L'ln
transigeant, the paper over which Henri Rochefort presides, left the gay
capital in September, 1895, registering a vow to circle the globe, to return
on the morning of May 1, 1900, just as the doors of the great exposition
swing open.
The gentlemen left Paris without a cent, and are to return triumphant,
astride a bicycle. With these representatives of the French press, this tour
ing the world is not the outcome of a wager. There is no money up on the
trip. They simply said to a circle of admiring friends "we are going to do it,"
and they mean to stay with their word.
Their itinerary has been an interesting one. They first landed in Eng
land, then crossed to Canada, from Canada they tried the Eastern and
Southern States, passed over into Mexico, and from there to this city, where
they expect to remain for at least one month.
From here they sail for Australia, then on to the Philippine Islands,
journeying to Ceylon, India and home by way of the Holy Land.
The experiences of the tourists have been varied, interesting and prof
itable. They have embraced various vocations, and, according to their ver
sion, have been successful in each and every one of them. In London they
were scene-painters, and touched up the Savoy pictorial palaces and splendid
gardens, etc.. with credit. They landed in Canada with a penchant for dry
goods, and disposed of draperies at so many cents on the dollar.
They were drummers during their Eastern visit, with the ex
ception of their stay in Philadelphia, where they donned, with
becoming grace, the white cap and apron of th<> chef. They did
their cooking with the aid of a cook book, and unblushingly declare they
were much complimented upon their culinary achievements. Their most cher
ished recollection of the Quaker City is the fact that they shook the hand
of the mighty Fitzsimmons and quaffed a glass of "pxtra dry" with him.
They also caught a glimpse of the President, but that little incident they
pass without recording.
In Mexico they again played cook and prepared a dinner for the delecta
tion of President Diaz and ten invited guests.
During their stay here they will return to their pencils, and will issue an
eight-page sheet, "Le Globe Trotter."
GEFFENEY IS
EXONERATED
Japanese Plot to Ruin an Im
migration Inspector
Exposed.
The Conspiracy Fails and the In
tended Victim Is Honored by
the Department.
Immigration Inspector A. H. Gef
feney has just been through the trying
ordeal of investigation on a charge of
misconduct in office, and has come out
with flying colors. Geffeney succeeded
Andrew Kashiwa as Japanese inter
preter under the administration of
Commissioner Stradley. Kashiwa
teaches in the evening in the Japanese
Methodist Mission, and immediately
after his retirement from the Commis
sioner's office he published a notice in
the local Japanese newspaper and kept
it standing for three months continu
ously to the effect that he (Kashiwa)
tyould make it worth anybody's while
to furnish him with information which
would tend to convict Geffeney of
wrongdoing.
A few weeks ago Kashiwa formally
charged Geffeney with inducing others
to collect money from Japanese for
him. He alleged specifically that $30
was paid by a keeper of a Japs board
ing house on Brannan street named
Moriyama. This money was given to
Geffeney for the purpose of bribing
him to use his influence and his official
position to secure the landing of Japa
nese contract laborers.
The charges were formulated by Rev.
M. G. Harris of the Japanese Metho
dist Mission. In course of time the
matter was referred to Special Agent
Moore by the Secretary of the Treas
ury for investigation, and a complete
investigation was had, developing the
fact that a number of Japanese had
conspired to ruin Geffeney by introduc
ing perjured testimony against him.
Major Moore sent a transcript of the
evidence to the Treasury Department,
and the result was the complete exon
eration of Inspector Geffeney. Mr. Har
ris of the mission was not satisfied,
and in response to a recent request by
him he received the following note
from the department.
M. G. Harris, San Francisco, Cal.— Sir:
Replying to your petition of December
1, IWJ7, requesting the removal of A. H.
Geffeney, Immigrant Inspector and Inter
preter at San Francisco, Cal., upon cer
tain grounds alleged therein, you are in
formed that the matter was referred both
to the Commissioner of Immigration at
San Francisco and the special agent for
that district for investigation. From their
reports it appears that Mr. Geffeney is
exonerated from any impropriety or dis
honesty, and that, on the contrary, he Is
shown to be a faithful, painstaking, hon
est and efficient officer. In view of the
above, the department must decline to
take further action in the matter. Re
spectfully yours.
O. L. SPAULDINO, Assistant Secretary.
Miss Bear's Becital.
A programme that included Beethoven's
E minor sonata opus 109, Chopin's B minor
Scherzo and Schumann's "Paplllons" was
played by Miss Marion Bear at her re
cital given in the Sherman-Clay Hall last
night. It was an excellent programme,
but it suffered at the hands of the young
pianist, who, in spite of five or six years
of European study, seemed conscious of
nothing but the mechanical skeleton of
the music.
The Japanese Appeal.
Attorney T. D. Riordan yesterday filed
an appeal in the office of United States
Immigration Commissioner North to the
Secretary of the Treasury from the ac
tion of the Commissioner in refusing, to
allow a landing to twenty-three Japanese
immigrants who arrived recently on the
City of Peking. The Commissioner was
convinced that the Japs were \ contract i
laborers. The Secretary of the Treasury
is the final power, aad from his decision
there is no appeal, ,^j
THE SITUATION
STILL UNCHANGED
The Southern Pacific Canno
Control the Grewrt'Cut
in Rates.
Letters of Introduction to Portland
Agents Given to Pas
sengers.
So far ns passenger traffic is concerned,
the situation in the great rate war re
mains unchanged. The Southern Pacific
officials are willing to talk of their hope
for a restoration of rates, but they ad
mit that they have been unable to find
as yet a solution of the difficulty. Vice-
President J. C. Stubbs considers the pres
ent situation a most unpleasant one. He
declares that his company is not being
affected, and that at present it is busy
keeping the fight out of C'UffY.rnia.
At the same time the Canadian Pacific
is still selling the $30 and $4u tickets to the
East. The Great Northern, the Northern
Pacific and the O. R. and X. are also
quoting cut rates from Portland to Puget
Sound, and this practically places the
fight at a stage where the Southern Pa
cific has no control over it.
There is yet another difficulty which
presents itself to Mr. Stubbfl and one
which he had not thought of, but which
has now proved to be a difficulty in every
sense of the word. When he had secured
an order to the agents of the Great
Northern, Northern Pacific and O. R. and
N. to stop cutting rates he forgot the
agents could give letters of introduction
to the agents in Portland, and that 50
cents for the transfer of baggage would
be all that the passenger would be out.
General Agents Mayer and Connors of
the Great Northern and O. R. and N.
have received their orders from the prop
er authorities, but Agent Staeler of the
Northern Pacific has received his from
W. H. Hurlburt of the Short I^ine, who
has nothing to do with giving orders to
the agents of the Northern Pacific.
The Southern Pacific, Union Pacific and
Santa Fe are anxious to keep the rate
war in bounds, for the reason that they
are now making money, and if the war
continues it will cut into their profits,
besides having the tendency to create an
uneasiness, which will certainly precipi
tate another war when the rush to the
Paris Exposition begins two years hence.
A special from Chicago last night sums
up the situation as viewed by the West
ern roads as follows:
"The Western roads declare that in con
senting to meet with the officials of the
Canadian Pacific in regard to the rate
situation, as suggested by General Pas
senger Agents Roberts and Daniels, they
have in no manner changed their position
in regard to the differentials demanded
by the Canadian Pacific or the reduced
rates made by that line. They will meet
the rates made by the Canadian Pacinc,
and any further reductions that it may
make will be met by them without
delay."
Rate clerks of the Western roads were
in conference to-day, preparing new
sheets showing the reductions In rates
made in consequence of the transconti
nental rate war. The general passenger
agents have completed their arrange
ments in the matter, and have made
preparation for applying the reductions
through all the available gateways."
In regard to the foregoing, the follow
ing special from Montreal shows the ulti
matum of the Canauian Pacific:
"MONTREAL, March 3.— ln reply to the
many published reports, regarding the
action and wishes of the Western roads,
Canadian Pacific Railway officials an
nounce that they will not change the
present policy unless all the old rates
are restored and they are again allowed
the differential which they were allowed
up to the time when the rate war began."
Jacks for Alaska.
A curious collection of livestock arrived
at the foot of Second street yesterday. It
was two carloads of burros from Arizona,
destined for the mountains of Alaska.
They were brought here by H. A. Becker,
who proposes to start a pack train on
the inland side of the mountains on the
Dyea trail. He says his little animals
will carry about 200 pounds of goods over
the roughest parts of that trail and on
the lower end, where the going is easier,
(hey will be able to waJlf along with
nearly, 350 pounds, -
MRS. SMITH WAS
POLITELY FIRM
The Wife of the Southern
Pacific Cashier Re
fused to Sign.
She Was on Order of Examina
tion Before Justice Groezin
ger Yesterday.
Separated From Her Husband She
Looks to Him for Her Son's
Clothes.
The wife of Charles H. Smith, cashier
of the treasury department of the
Southern Pacific Company, was before
Justice of the Peace Groezinger yester
day to answer to an order of examina
tion.
Mr. Smith and his wife have not
lived together for some time past, and
their son, a young man now attending
college, is in the custody of his mother.
Some time ago Mrs. Smith was sued
on an assigned claim of Roos Bros, of
$38 fur clothing furnished young Smith.
By some means the collector who held
the claim discovered that Smith sent
his wife a check for $80 each month.
The bit of paper was addressed to her
In care of a local bank, and on an exe
cution the collector obtained an at
tachment on the envelope containing
the chock.
The bank refused to pay without the
indorsement of Mrs. Smith; Mrs. Smith
refused to indorse; Sheriff Whelan de
clined to advance any money on the
fact that he had the check, so it be
came necessary to bring Mrs. Smith
into court to ascertain just how the ex
ecution was to be satisfied. Before the
matter had gone very far Justice Groez
inger discovered that there was a
knotty problem of law involved. It
was plain that neither the Sheriff n<rr
the bank would honor the check unless
it contained the proper indorsement,
and it was a question in the judicial
mind whether he could force the fair
defendant to sign.
Mrs. Smith evidently believed that
her husband should pay the bill, and
when Justice Groezinger, seeing this,
asked her whether such a solution
could not be reached, she replied in a
spirited manner:
"Judge, he is a reprobate, and he
won't pay anything."
After thinking the matter <rver for
some time Justice Groezinger decided
that the only way to get payment of
the bill was to have Mrs. Smith indorse
the check, which she promptly refused
to do.
"I don't want to cause you any In
convenience, madam," said the Justice,
"but you'll have to sign that check. I
will give you until next Monday to
think it over, and in case you still de
cline to obey the orders of the court I
shall be compelled to send you to jail."
"That will be pleasant," said Mrs.
Smith, and the court adjourned to
await developments.
MAY DECLARE A BOYCOTT.
Carpenters Waging War Against a
Plumbing Firm.
At the meeting of the aCrpenters' Dis
trict Council Wednesday night the matter
of a plumbing firm, which is having a new
store fitted up on Mission street, was
brought up and after a general discussion
was referred to the Building Trades Coun
cil.
The business agent reported that this
firm had put a gang of laborers at work
finishing the interior of the place at
wages ranging from $1 25 to $1 50 per day.
These men are not only inexperienced
workmen, breaking the wage scale, he
said, but they are also working ten hours
a day. When the members of the firm
were interviewed on the matter, they
not only refused to discharge the men
and put skilled workmen in their place,
but, it is alleged, informed the business
agent that they were well able to take
care of their own affairs if he could take
care of his, and it was nobody's business
what they paid their workmen or how
many hours a day they worked. It is
probable that the Building Trades Coun
cil will boycott the firm at its meeting
to-night.
Fire Department.
The Fire Commissioners met yesterday
and fined Maurice Hlggins of engine No.
5 three days' pay for neglect of duty.
The resignation of George W. Greves of
engine No. 2 was accepted.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
finiMT Let WHISKY get the BEST
111 ll\l i of you. GET the BEST of
UUII I WHlSKY, which is the
GENUINE
ffi^l I DISTILLERY
. «lfi \ BOTTLING OP
1* OLD
£ij PEPPER
liLffllSKY.
Wlfej^^U ■■ Bottled a r.d Distilled
jfcsSKiSipfcr JAS, | PEPPER
j^^^ffl-i Lexington, Ky.
<f ''.■j*"**" m "~~"* +*, I* •
'' -~"' ; Under tho same F0R '
7 feCZarlgynmß~,^i )• Under for more than 100
I faCC ißffffrPnf *"" * - MULA for more than 100
3 %~ EB^lr- ABSOLU T e ETY "he
3 { ■>', "* JhSJeJ" ' II PUREST and BEST in
jty/»rrGol\ SAMPLECASESIS
■'» y OHmrLu uhoC $1 J
"^ hj^^wa^ngSHM^^^F nof satisfactory, can b«
I J^^BsBmßC^^^^^ returned and money will
be refunded.
CARROLL &~ CARROLL,
306 market Street,
Sol) Agents for the Pacific Coast. ■
WILL CASH PEPPER COUPONS.
Wright's Indian Vegetable Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
have used them for over forty years to cure
SICK HEAD ACHE. GIDDINESS, CONSTIPA-
TION, Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach, ; Pimples
and purify the blood.
! Grossman's Specific Mixture
uluoblull o uplilllb MlAllllu
With this remedy : persons can cure them--
selves without the least exposure, change of
diet or change In application to business. The
medicine contains nothing of . the , least Injury
to the constitution. Ask your dru* grist ■ I or it.
k Price. » bottle. ,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
anTopen letter
To MOTHERS.
WE ARE ASSERTING IN THE, COURTS OUR RIGHT TO THE
EXCLUSIVE USE OF THE WORD " CASTORIA," AND
"PITCHER'S CASTORIA," AS OUR TRADE MARK.
/, DR. SAMUEL PITCHER, of Hyannis, Massachusetts,
was the originator of "PITCHER'S CASTORIA," the same
that has borne and does now —/f -on every
bear the facsimile signature of C&a&%74ucjfiiM wrapper.
This is the original " PITCHER'S CASTORIA" which has been
used in the homes of the mothers of America for over thirty
years. LOOK CAREFULLY at the wrapper and see that it '/a
the kind you have a/ ways bought, y*& y/f} ~— on the
and has the signature of ***utj£rf(j'U&&AC wrap-
per. No one has authority from me to use my name except
The Centaur Company of which Chas, H. Fletcher /$
President. . . .*
March 8, 1897. Q&i******/; &¥*j£c4~r>*o* .&
Do Not Be Deceived.
Do not endanger the life of your child by accepting
a cheap substitute which some druggist may offer you
(because he makes a few more pennies on it), the in-
gredients of which even he does not know.
"The Kind You Have Always Bought"
BEARS THE FAC-SIMILE SIGNATURE OF
Insist on Having
The Kind That Never Failed Yon/
«■■ OCMTAVa COMPANY. V* Hum? tT«ICI, KW TO«« OITTf.
ENGLISH AND GERMAN EXPERT SPECIALISTS
731 /Vlarket Street.
The Doctors that CURE CATARRH for $5.
All medicines absolutely free. If you cannot
call at the office send for free book and symp-
tom blanks and you can be sured at home.
When You Patronize This Great Medical In-
stitution You Have the Benefit of the Expe-
rience and Skill of the Following Well-known
Physicians:
P. JAXSS, M. D., is a graduate of the Col-
lege of Physicians and Surgeons and of the
Bellevue Horpital Medical College of New
York. Member of the Medical Society of Ik-r-
lin. Professor of St. George's Medical College.
C. N. HOPKINS. M. D.. Ph. 0., is a gradu-
ate of Cornell College, the College of Phar-
macy, Chicago, the Department of Northwest-
ern University, Chicago, the College of Phy-
sicians and Surgeons.
T. J. P. O'BRIEN. M. A.. ML P., C. M., is a
graduate of MtOlll University. Montreal, four
years assistant at the Montreal General Hos-
pital.
Louis MEYER. M. P.. t. R. C. P., is a
graduate of the Vienna Medical University of
' X PALMER, M. D., L. R. C. P., is a grad-
uate of the Royal College of Surgeons. London.
English and German Expert Specialists,
731 Market Street.
Hours — 8-5; Evenings, 7-8: Sundays. 9-11.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful . phrcuislac and specific tonic
for the sexual and urinary organu of botb
eexes, and a great remedy for diseases of the
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative.
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on its own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER. ALFS & BRL'NE, AfenU.
823 Market Street. S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
DT>TTCTJI7O FOR barbers, bak-
0 11 UkJ IT, J_i LJ *"• bootblacks, bath-
valwaamm houses, billiard-tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannera,
dyers, flourmills. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc. ■■
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers,6o9 Sacramento St
You know that our minister used to be a practicing
physician. He was a graduate of the College of Physi-
cians and Surgeons, New York, and he says of Ripans
Tabules that the formula has long been in favor with
medical men, but the method of preparation in the pres-
ent form is modern and a very great convenience. He
lately spoke of them to me in these very words : " I
always keep a vial of the Tabules upon my dressing-
table and use them with confidence whenever occasion
arises. For a disturbed condition of the digestive or-
gans I know of nothing so good, and for an 'all round'
family remedy I do not believe there is anything better
Jto.be had'
%
I Philadelphia
I Philadelphia
Shoe CO. No. 10 Third St.
X STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MOM*
& . t ' _____ *
I Why We Are Busy, g
« r> ECAUSE WE SELL STYLISH, *
™* D well-made shoes cheaper than our >•*
Q competitors. There is no sentiment In ! Ai
Z\ business— prices talk— and we are doing **
« the business because we give the best ££
w values and have the largest assortment. .„,
** This week a special leader, Ladles' Ex- £(
« tra Quality Vici Kid Oxford Ties, dot- **
ted vesting tops, new coin toes and kid **
8 tips, turned soles; reduced to $1 50. They £$
w sell regularly elsewhere for $2 50. '
« Child's Dongola. Kid Button Shoes, w
'"* patent-leather tips, spring heels, sizes w
0 6 to 9; reduced to 50c. ££
& Call and get estimates on Klondike &
if Footwear before purchasing elsewhere. >-/
'•*■ We have the largest and best selected w
# stock in this city. ££
8 Country orders solicited. &
« Send for New Illustrated Catalogue. v^
'^ Address *•*
»'. B. KATCTiINSKI, »
Q PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.. #
£ 10 Third St., San Francisco. ,',
CfC(OO»QOQODOCfOCfC(OOQ
000000000000000000
%*■*■ PALACE- *■**%
g GRAND MOTELS °
q SAN FRANCISCO. "
*I • Connected by a covered passageway. "
° 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attached, ©
© • All UxnKK One Management. O
O NOTE THE SEDUCED PRICES : Q
q European Plan. Bl. OO per day and upward -. -
• v American Plan . per day and upward >•»
O Correspondence Solicited. Q
O , • JOHN C. KIRKPATRICS. Manager. o
000000000000000000
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver lower-
Wheat easier.
Barley higher. Oats firmer.
Corn and Rye . .ill and weak.
Hay easy. Bran and Middlings lower.
■ Corn products declined. V
Colored Beans easy. Whites firm. ■ (
Quicksilver advanced. .;" .*..'.-
Rocky Mountain Coals marked up.
Potatoes and Onions unchanged.
Vegetables continue to decline.
Butter. Eggs and Cheese weak.
Poultry advanced again. Game slow.
Fruits unchanged.
Provisions active and firm.
Wool, Hides and Hops quiet.
Another advance in Mutton.
Hogs weak. .
Fhipment of $111. to China.
• TREASURE SHIPMENT.
The City of Peking took out a treasure list
of $111 792.' consisting of $10,921 in Mexican dol
lars. $S7l in gold coin and $100,000 in silver bul
lion. ■
GOVERNMENT MONEY IN SAN FRAN
CISCO.
C. P. Berry, Assistant Treasurer of the
United States at San Francisco, reports cash
on hand February 2S, as follows:
United States notes $7,597 00
Treasury notes of IS9O 12 .543 00
Nation Bank notes *•"» 00
Gold certificates !?M22 22
Silver certificates  '™ ,™
Gold coin 15,541.200 50
Standard silver dollars 25,804.337 00
Subsidiary silver coin I ?!'™H2
Minor cash 14.092 57
Total $42,295,465 37
Shipments of silver coin from the same office
in the month of February, 1898, was as ol-
Standard silver Collars $ IH2? 00
Subsidiary Filver 88.430 °°
TotaJ : $163,930 00
THE REVENUE.
Internal Revenue Collections In this district
in February were $125, 543, the principal items
being:
Beer $43,949 00
Fruit spirits 33.455 32
g^V r ' trUs ::::::::::::::::::::: S:«fl
C&es V.V.V: 1-OJ6 50
Tobacco 1,244 69
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flics with the wind. The top fig
ures at Nation Indicate maximum temperature
for the days: those underneath It, If any, the
amount of rainfall, of melted snow In Inches
and hundredths during the past twelve hours.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
eir pressure; Isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and is usually accompanied
by fair weather; "low" refers to low pres
sure and Is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure is high in the interior and low
along the coast, and the isobars extend north
and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is im
probable. With a "high" in the vicinity of
Idah'>. and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
In summer and colder weather in winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
(lJOth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO. March 3, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of the same date
last season, and rainfalls during the past
twenty-four hours:
Past This Last
Stations— 24 hours. Searon. Season.
Eureka 0.02 26. 73 37.71
Red Bluff 0 11.99 21.90
Sacramento 0 8.54 14.71
San Francisco 0 7.32 19-39
Fresno 0 3.45 8.95
San Luis Oblspo 0 5.14 18.69
Los Angeles 0 4.27 15.54
San Diego 0 3.3S 10.55
Yuma 0 1.26 5. 1S
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
64; minimum, 53; mean, 58.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen during the past
twenty-four hours over the country east of the
120 th meridian. It has risen over Washington
and Northwestern Oregon. An area of high
pressure lies over the T'pper Missouri Valley
end an area of low pressure over Arizona and
Southern California.
The temperature has risen about 10 degrees
In the Sacramento Valley; elsewhere on the
Pacific slope it has remained nearly station
ary. The temperatures are about 10 degrees
above the normal in the great valleys of Cali
fornia.
Light showers have occurred on the Pacific
Coast north of Eureka.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, March 4, 1S98:
Northern California — Fair Friday; cooler
a!<".ng the coast and in the Sacramento Valley;
westerly wind; fog on the coast.
Southern California— Cloudy Friday, with fog
on the coast in the morning; westerly wind.
Nevada — cloudy Friday.
I'tah— Cloudy Friday: colder.
Arizona— Cloudy Friday.
Pan Francisco and vicinity— Light fog In the
morning; fair Friday; westerly winds.
Special report from Mount Tamalpais — Clear;
wind, northwest 12 mile?; temperature. 56'
maximum, 60. ALEXANDER McADIE.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, March 3.— Some of the bull
traders bid up prices of the stock market
specialties to-day and carried the general list
with •hem in an effort to renew the bull cam
paign. But thera was no outside Interest and
the efforts of the leaders were not seconded.
The market drifted listlessly for the rest of the
day, sometimes up and sometimes down and
pome part of the early gains remaining for
moet stocks at the cln» P . Buying of New York
Central In the last half hour on the receipt of
the news from Albany that the Assembly had
passed a measure assuring the legality of the
bond Issue necessary for the consolidation with
the Lake Shore caused a stiffening of the
market in the closing dealings. There were
long periods during the day when business was
almost stagnant and prices moved very Rlue
frishly. The market was in the hands of
small traders and reflected no condition of gen
eral business beyond the feeling of uncertainty
regarding the Cuban question. Large operators
anri the general public- are evidently out of the
market by reason of this same uncertainty and
the room traders seek to move prices by all
sorts of rumors and surmises, many of which
originate In the board room and are denied be
fore they get beyond its doors.
The exchange market continues dull, a weak
ening of the rate on Paris being the feature of
the day. There was some talk that further
tcold may be shipped from Paris before the end
of the week, but further Immediate shipments
from London are considered unlikely. Condi
tions of the money market remain unchanged.
Prices were pretty well maintained in the
bond market, but- the volume of dealings
showed a very marked decrease from the re
cent average. Total sales. $2,200,000. United
States new 4s and the 5s were % lower bid to
day
Total sales of stocks to-day were 294.100
shares, including- Atchison preferred, 3519;
Baltimore and Ohio, 3155; Burlington. 11.954:
Manhattan, 16,400; Metropolitan Street Rail
way. 10,340; Minnesota and St. Louis, 5700;
Mew York Central, 18,630; Northern Pacific pre
ferred, 6920; Rock Island, 8913; St. Paul. 2L871:
Union Pacific, 7270; Tobacco. 16,680; People's
' Gas, 6595; Sugar, 73,450; Western Union. 6445.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson ......... 11% St Paul pref .... 147%
Do pref 28 St P& Om '2%
Baltimore A Ohio 17% Do pref 100
Canada Pacific .. 84% St P M & M 134
Canada Southern. 49% So Pacific 18
Cent Pacific .... 12% So Railway 8 "4
Ches & Ohio .... 21% Do pref ........ 28%
Chi & Alton .... 159 Texas & Pacific. 10-*
Chi B & Q 95% Union Pacific .... 30
Chi & E ill 6-5% U P D & G 9%
C C C & St L.... 31% Wabash 6%
Do pref ........ 77% Do pref ........ 16
Del & Hudson.... 110 Wheel & L E.... 2%
Del LAW 152 Do pref 10%
Den & R G 12 Express Companies-
Do pref ........ 47% Adams Ex .......102
Erie (new) ...... 14% American Ex .... 125
Do Ist pref .... 35% United States .... 42
Ft Wayne 169 Writs Fargo ..... Ho
Gt Nor pref .... 155 Miscellaneous-
Hocking Val 6% A Cot Oil IS
Illinois • Cent .... 102% Do pref 72
Lake Erie & W.. 15 Amn Spirits . <%
I Do pref ' 71 Do pref 19%
Lake Shore 191 Am Tobacco 91%
Louis & Nash... 54% \jo pref 110
Manhattan L .... 106 People's Gas 53%
; Met St Ry 149% Cons Gas ........ 183%
i Mich Cent 107% Com Cable C 0.... 17.-.
i Minn & St L.... 2<!% Col F &■ Iron 20%
| Do Ist pref .... 85 Do pref 78
! Mo Pacific 27% Gen Electric ..... 33'
; Mobile & 0hi0.... 2S Illinois Steel 4.
i Mo X & T 11% Laclede-Gas 42
Chi Ind & Z. 7 Lead .... 31
Do pref 27 Do pref . 104 *
Do pref 36% Nat Lin Oil ..... 16
N J Central 93% Or Imp Co 27
! N V Central 114% Pacific Mail Mi
N T Chi & St L.. 12% Pullman Pal 178%
Do Ist pref .... 65 Silver Cert 55%
Do 2d pref .... 34% Stand R& T .... 4
Nor West 14 Sugar 127%
No Amer Co .... 6% Do pref 112%
!No Pacific 24 TC & Iron 21%
j Do pref 62% U S Leather .... 6%
! Ontario & W 15% Do pref 6.
iOr R & Nay.... 48 US Rubber 16%
iOr Short Line ... 29% Do pref 6<
i Pittsburgh ••• 169 West Union ..... 87%
Reading 19% C & N V.' 123%
Do Ist pref .... 45 Do pref „ 1.0
I Rock Island 87% St L & S W 4%
St L 4 8 F.l 6% Do pref _, 10
Do Ist pref .... 66% R G W 23
Do 2d pref .... 25% Do pref 57
St Paul 93% C G W 11
CLOSING BONDS.
U S new 4s reg.. 124% N Carolina 65.... 125
Do coup 125 Do 4s 103
US 4s 11l No Pac lsts .... 118%
Do coup ........ 112% Do 3s 61%
Do 2ds 99 Do 4s 96%
U S 5s reg 112% N V C & St L 4s. 105
Do 6s coup 112% Nor & W 6s 125
District 3.65s .... 118 North wstrn cons. 141
Ala class A 107% Do deb 5s 117
Do B 107 O Nay lsts 114%
Do C 100 O Nay 4s 95
Do Currency ..100 OS Line 6s tr.. 123
Atchlson 4s 91% O S Line 5s tr.... 100%
Do adj 4s 61 O Imp lsts tr.... 109%
Can So 2ds 10S Do 5s tr 57%
Chi Term 4s 85% Pacific 6s of 95.. 103%
C & Ohio 5s 115% Reading 4s 83%
C H & D 4%5.... 104% R G W lsts 52%
D & R G lsts.... 110% S L & I M C ss. 92
D&R G4s 94 SL& SF G 65.. 118%
East Term lsts .. 106% St P Con 141
Erie Gen 4s .... 72 St PC & P lsts.. 121
FW A D lsts tr. 71% Do os 116
Gen Electric 55.. 101% So Ry 5s 91%
G H & S A 6s 109 Stan R & T 65.. 66
Do 2ds 105 Term new set 35.. 90
H & T Css 110 T&P L G lsts.. 101%
Do con 6s 106% Do Rg 2ds 34%
lowa C lsts .... 100% Union Pac lsts... 127%
Kan P Con tr .. 107% Do.oref 65%
X Pac Ist DD tr. 131% Do W 94
La new cons 45.. 100 U P TA& G lsts.. 58
LAN Uni 45.... SS% Wab lfet 5s 108
Missouri 6s 100 Do 2ds 79
M X & T 2d5.... 62 W Shore 4s 110%
Do 4s 8S 7*7 * Va Centuries .... 69
N V Cent lsts 116% Do deferred ... 4
N J C 5s 113%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 30 Ontario 2 40
Crown Point 10 Ophir 40
Con Cal & Va.... 75 ! Plymouth OS
Deadwood 90 i Quicksilver 100
Gould & Curry.. 20 ] Do pr.ef 200
Hale & Norcrs... 1 35 j Sierra Nevada .. 90
Homestake 32 00 I Standard 170
Iron Oliver 43 j Union Con 30
Mexican 30 : Yellow Jacket ... 20
BOSTON.
BOSTON, March 3.— Atchlson. 11%; Bell
Telephone, 261; C. B. and Q., 45%; Mexican
Central, 5%; Oregon Short Line, 29; San Diego.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, March 3.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stock
markets here were stagnant to-day except for
Americans and Grand Trunk, which were dealt
in speculatively. The latter had risen sharply
on excellent traffic reports, which, however, are
attributed In some quarters to the larger sale
of reduced priced tickets to agencies.
New York supported Americans, which con
sequently closed at about the best. Northern
Pacific and Union Pacific were specially bought
by New York, which caused the belief that the
rate question has taken a favorable turn.
South Americans were dull. Gold sold at
; 77s 9%d. There was no resumption of the New
York demand. The flatness in silver is mainly
due to New York sales and to the renewed talk
of an increased Indian Import duty. Mines
were weak.
CLOSE
Canadian Pacific, 86% c: Grand Trunk. BV4:
Bar Silver, weak, 25d per ounce; Money, 2%,
per cent. .
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, March 3.— FLOUR—
15,792 barrels; exports, 6462 barrels. Inactive;
demand being checked by the high prices
asked.
WHEAT— Receipts, 193,325 bushels; exports,
32.105 bushels. Spot steady; No. 3 red store and
elevator, $1 08Vi for afloat and to arrive. Op
tions opened firm and %@%c higher, but de
veloped considerable irregularity; near months
advanced on clique support and reduction of
the Spanish duty on Wheat, closing %@%c net
higher, although somewhat off from the top.
Late deliveries closed %<§% c net lower on bear
ish crop news. No. 2 red March, $1 06\@l 07V4,
closed $107; May, $1 01%@l 02 5-16, closed
U 01%. . • - .
HOPS — Quiet and firm.
WOOL— Dull.
PETROLEUM—
PlGlßON— Warrants firmer, $6 So bid and
16 95 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Steady; $11 85 bid, $11 90
TlN— Quiet; $14 15 bid, $14 23 asked.
SPELTER— Quiet; $4 15 bid, $4 25 asked.
LEAD— Firmer; $3 80 bid. $3 87% asked; brok
ers'. $3 60.
COFFEE— Options closed quiet at a net loss
of s©lo points. Sales. 6750 bags, including May,
$5 65 ■ Spot Coffee — Dull for Rio; No. 7 invoice,
6%c; No. 7 Jobbing, 6%c; mild, steady; Cor
dova. BVic. *„'* /:■ •"
SUGAR— Raw and refined, steady.
BUTTER— Receipts, 2617 packages. Firm;
Western creamery, 15@20%c; Elgins, 20<ic; fac-
Receipts, 9642 packages. Steady: State
and Pennsylvania, 13Vic; Western, 12}ic; South
ern. 12%@13c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. March 3.— California Dried
Fruits— Apples, firm: others, quiet and steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. i>'a*c;
prime wire tray, 8%@8%c; wood dried prime,
BMtSS%c: choice. B%@9c; fancy, 9%<gloc.
PRUNES —
APRICOTS— s>4@7c; Moorpark, SV4@
10c
PEACHES— Unpeeled, s@9c; peeled. 12@18c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Match 3.— Wheat started with a
decided up turn In July, that option opening
%@%c higher at 91%@91%c. The bullishness
of yesterday's close was apparently still pre
vailing and enough of the early news favored
buyers to give the market at the start a firm
tone. The Price Current said the condition of
winter wheat was "somewhat prejudiced in a
limited portion of its area." The advance,
however, induced a lot of selling, and. in
fluenced by some bearish news, the whole trade
for a time favored the selling side. For half
an hour or so there was considerable pressure
put on, the price of July dropping to 91c under
the liquidation, and May, which had opened
%c lower to %c higher at $1 06%@l 07, dropping
to $1 05% Liverpool was weak and showed
*4d decline. California reported crop prospects
excellent after the recent rains there and pri
mary receipts were heavy at 460,000 bushels.
About an hour after the opening the market
again turned. A little support in July by the
most prominent bull interests brought shorts
into the market with moderate buying orders.
Reports from New York that half the Califor
nia cargoes afloat have been ordered to the
Continent also caused some buying and a gen
eral Improvement in values ensued, July ad
vancing to 91% c and May to $1 06%. After 11
o'clock the trade quieted down and prices
slowly dropped. Selling of May was prominent
about noon on reports that the President had
been informally advised that the Maine ex
plosion was from without. Selling of May by
a firm which has sold heavily for two weeks
was again prominent all day and made that
end of the market rather loggy toward the
close of the session. After midday, however,
July again shewed some snap. Near the close
realizing, mostly by professionals, became too
heavy for the dull market to stand up under
and a gradual decline took place. July closed
at 91>4c and May at $1 06.
Corn was strong, though not especially active.
May closed %<9%c higher.
The market for oats was fairly active and a
good deal of strength was shown. May closed
%®%c higher.
Provisions were very strong, though trade
I was rather dull. At the close May pork was
I 22% c higher, lard 12% c higher and May ribs 10c
higher. Buying by packers was the cause of
I the strength.
[ The leading futures ranjred as follows:
j Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
! March 1 05% 106% 105 105%
May 107 107 105% 106
j July 91% 91% 91 91%
Corn No. 2—
May 30% 30% 30Vi 80S
I July 31*4 31% 31% 81%
THE SAX FKANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, 31ARCH 4, 1898.
I September... 32% 32% 32% 32%
I May .t.°.'...7. 26% 27 26% 26%
July 24% 24% 24% 24%
Mess Pork, per bbl— . ■>
May 10 50 10 70 10 50 10 62%
July ........'..:. ....10 57% 10 72% 10 55 .. 10 72%
Lard, per 100 ; tt)S— _
May ...520 5 30 5.20 5 30
July ..5 25 5 37% 525 6 37%
Short Ribs, per 100 rbs—
May .5 20 5 27% 520 5 27%
July 5 25 5 35 5 25 5 35
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, dull;
No. 2 spring wheat, 93^95c; No. 3 spring wheat.
92@99c; No. 2 red, $1 05%@l 05%; No. 2 corn,
29% c; No. 2 oats, 26% c; No. 2 white, f. o. b.,
28%@30%c; No. 3 white, f. o. b., 28%<?f29c; No.
2 rye. 50c; No. 2 barley, f. o. b., 32%@39c: No.
1 flaxseed, $1 21%; prime timothy seed, $2 95®
2 97%: mess pork, per bbl. $10 60@10 65; lard, per
100 lbs, $5 22%<55 25; short ribs sides (loose).
$5 10<§5 40; dry. salted shoulders (boxed), $4 75@
5; short clear sides (boxed). $5 40@5 60; whisky,
distillers' finished goods, per gal, $1 18%.
Articles— - Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 42,000 37,000
Wheat, bu 52,000 34,000
Corn, bu 450.000 305.000
Oats, bu 280,000 381.000
Rye. bu 9,000 1,000
Barley, bu 44.000 27,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm: creameries, 13@20c; dairies,
ll{?18c; cheese, quiet, B@B%c; eggs, steady,
fresh, 12c. ___
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipmts.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 159,390 37.740
Duluth 51.555 6.209
Milwaukee 52.650 650
Chicago 51.865 34.071
Toledo 20,517 6,000
St. Louis 18.000 28,000
Detroit 24.125 23.033
Kansas City 65,500 61.500
Totals 443.602 197,203
Tidewater .
Boston 27.927 23.941
New York 193,325 32,105
Philadelphia 33T750 1,154
Baltimore 39,669 .*.
New Orleans 23,288
Totals 294,666 80,488
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— . March. May.
Opening 61 10 59 10
Closing 6100 59 00
Flour-
Opening 28 70 27 40
Closing 28 60 27 30
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
March. May. July. Sept. Dec.
Opening 7 10% 7 5 71% 66% 65%
Closing 7 10% 75% 71% 66% 65%
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, March CATTLE— The market
for cattle was steady for ordinary offerings
and stronger to 10c higher for fat cattle. Fat
cattle, $s<f?s 45; common steers, $3 75@3 85, bulk
going at $4 35@5 10; fed Westerns. $3 30(g5 40;
fed Texans, $3 75@4 65; Texas bulls and cows.
$2 40@3 75; canning cows. $2 6008.
HOGS— Sc higher early, but late sales at yes
terday's figures. . Hogs; $3 90@4 17%. bulk at
$4 0504 12%; pigs. $3 50<g-3 95.
SHEEP— Lambs active and steady. Prime.
$4 60@5 60: shorn, $4 40.-5-4 50; sheep. $3 20@4 60;
ewes, $3 5054 15; sheep sales largely at $4 15®
4 50; Colorado lambs, $5 50i?f5 60.
Receipts— 9000; hogs, 21,000; sheep. 12,
000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. March 3.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts. 390(1. Market strong. Choice shipping
ste«»rs. $n 25QG 42%: common dressed beef, $4^
4 25; stockers and feeders. $3 7505 40; cows and
heifers. $2 Kotfr4 40; Wpstern fed steers, $4®
4 90; cows and bulls. $2 3r.<f?3 50.
HOGS— Receipts, official, 9500. Active, strong
to 5c higher: hulk of sales. $3 So^4; heavies
and packers. $3 SO^J-4 15: mixed and medium,
$3 Sofl4 Or,; lights. $3 60-ffS 90; pigs, $3 30<?3 75.
SHEEP— Receipts, official, 2900. Market un
changed, active. Western muttons, $3 50@4 40;
yearlings, $4 50@4 75: lambs, $4 60@5 75.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. March 3.— CATTLE— Receipts, 1700.
Market a shade higher. Native beef steers,
$3 70@4 90; Western steers, $3 60(ft>4 70: Texas
steers, $3<!f3 SO; cows and heifers, $3@4: can
ners, $2(7?2 90: stockers and feeders. $3 7.~'f?4 75;
calves, $4!??5 75; bulls and stags, $2 50@3 fiO.
HOGS— Receipts. 5600. Market Be higher.
Heavies, $3 So<g~3 90; mixed. $3 Ss@3 90; light,
$3 85483 95, bulk of sales, $3 85©3 90.
SHEEP— Receipts. 3*oo. Market steady. Fair
to choice natives. $3 70^4 SO; fair to choice
Westerns. $3 50@4 50: common and stock sheep,
$3@3 90; lambs, $4 25@5 50.
LONDON SHEEPSKIN SALES.
LONDON, March 3.— A sale of sheepskins
was held her to-day. There was a pood at
tendance, and good quality was in strong de
mand owing to the smallness of the offerings
and the low stocks. Compared with previous
sales merinos were ',4d and the finer grades
sometimes -%d dearer; cross breds M@%d
dearer, with fine showing firmness and Punta
Arenas %d higher. ! The offerings to-day
amounted to 4000 hales. The following are the
prices obtained for clothing and combing:
New South Wales. 189 bales. 3U®BV&d: Queens
land, 487 bales. s<fjS%d; Victoria, 113$ bales,
2<S6Hd: South Australia. 909 bales, 2*i(s'fi»4d;
West Australia, 426 bales, 2\i<iis%<i; New Zea
.land. 519 bales, 2»,4@S^d; Tasmania, 218 bales,
3?i@s%d: Punta Arenas, 535 bales, 3%<R5Hd.
A quantity of Cape of Good Hope and Natal
sheepskins will be sold to-morrow. . ■ •" •
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Or.. March 3.— There Is but lit
tle chance In the local Wheat market and
transactions are very light at ■ present. The
advent In the Northwest of Minneapolis buyers
has caused some excitement among coast ex
porters, but they are apparently unable to pre
vent shipments going East if the buyers con
tinue to pay the prices they are now credited
with paying. It has been given out that this
grain was bought for the European market to
go forward by rail to Duluth and thence
through the lakes, but this Is hardly probable,
as at the rates reported paid in the Palouse
country to-day Wheat would cost over 93c per
bushel" in Duluth or Minneapolis, and that Is
about the present quotation in Liverpool. The
most generally accepted theory regarding the
matter is that this Wheat is for the Minne
apolis millers, from whom Armour borrowed
large amounts when he was delivering to
Letter. The few exporters who are in the mar
ket will not quote over 75@76c for Walla Walla
and 77@78c for valley. „. :V /% : *
Cleared— German ship Emilie, Queenstown,
95,403 bushels Wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA Wash.. March 3.— Wheat, dull and
unchanged; No. 1 club. 75c; No. 1 blue stem.
' Cleared— British ship Wellington, with 67.752
bushels of Wheat for Queenstown or Falmouth.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. March Exchanges, $301,
793; balances, $54,442.
• FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, March Consols, 112 5-16;
Silver, 25d; French Rentes. 104f 23c.
LIVERPOOL. March Wheat, steady; No.
1 Standard California. 36s 9d. Cargoes off coast,
nothing doing. Cargoes on passage, quieter.
English country markets, quiet. French coun
try markets, dull. Liverpool wheat. No. 1
California. 7s lid. Wheat In Paris, quiet.
Flour In Parts, easy.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 la-32.
.; v CLOSING. ,
WHEAT— Spot No. 1 red Northern spring,
toRN— Futures quiet; March, 3a 4%d.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, March To-day's state
ment cf the condition of the treasury shows:
Available cash balance, $225,552,795; gold re
serve, $167,947,557 « \ ,■< ,
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — $4 83
Sterling Exchange, 6 days — 4 80%
Sterling Cables — 4 86
New York Exchange, sight — i .20
New York Exchange, telegraphic — ,' 22%
Fine Silver, per ounce — M
Mexican Dollars 4a% 46
WHEAT AND , OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Marlborough . Hill takes for
Liverpool 26,613 ctls, valued at $37,250.
Futures . advanced, J but the spot market was
weaker, owing to lower cables from abroad. .'■-.■
Tidewater quotations are as follows: $140
for No. 1. $1 42% . for choice and $1 45®
1 47% P er ctl for extra choice for milling-.
. CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 2ooo ctls,
$1 40* - 6000, $1 40%. December— lo,ooo, $1 31%.
Second session— December— l6.ooo ctls, $1 32.
14,000, $1 32%; 10,000, $1 321.4. May— $1 41%;
16 000, $1 41.
Regular morning session— December— 2o,ooo
ctls. $1 32%: 28,000, $132%: 2000, $132%; 10,000,
$1 33: 4000, $1 32H. 'May— l6,ooo. $141.
Afternoon December — 12,000 ctls,
$1 33; 14,000. $1 32%. May— $1 41: 20,000,
f BARLEY— Shipment of 5662 ctls Brewing,
valued at $6500, to Liverpool.
Clear skies sent; futures up again and the
spot market was also firmer. -  .
Feed, $1 03@l 07% for dark to good and $1 08%
@1 10 for choice; Brewing, $1 15@1 20 . for No.
1 $1 10© 1 12% for Dark Coast.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 2ooo ctla
$1 03; 14,000, $1 03%. • :■
Second ■'■ Session— May— lo,ooo ctls, $1 04% ;
20 000, $1 05 : •> 2000. $1 04% ; 6000. $1 04%. De
cember—4ooo, 92c. - .
Regular Morning Session— May— 2ooo ctls,
$1 054: - 6000, $1 05; 4000. $1 04%.- December—
2000, 94^ic; 4000, 94% c. ■. ■;, • /-  . ■ •
Afternoon Session— May— 6ooo ctls," $1 05. De
cember— 95c; 2000, 94% c; 6000, 94% c.
■---. OATS— The market •Is I stronger and : dealers
are disposed to ask higher •■ prices, though -, no
advance has been established. - . • '
»- Fancy feed; $1 22%@1 25-; per ctl; good 1? to
choice, • $1 17%@1 22%; -common, ;$1 12%®1 15;
Surprise, $1 25®i 30 ; r -d, $1 35@1 45; gray, $1 15
I (yl 17%; milling, $1 20&1 25; black, for seed,
$1 3501 Wt Clipped Oats sell at $I@2 per ton
over the raw product.
COKX— The Corn market is excessively dull
and the feeiing is weak.
Small round yellow, $110@l 12% per ctl; large
yellow, $1 05®l 07%; white, $1 05@l 07%.
RYE-$1 05@l 07% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal; none here.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
Shipment of 5000 bbls Flour, valued at $21,500,
to Liverpool.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
$4 55@4 65; Bakers' extras, $4 30<g4 40 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In eacKa are as fol
j lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour. $2 50 per 100;
! Rice Flour, $5 75; Cornmeal. $2 25: extra cream
j do, $3: Oatmeal, $3 50; Oat Groats. $4: Horn
; my. $3 10<S3 30; Buckwheat Flour, $4: Cracked
Wheat. $3 50: Farina $4 50: "Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25: Rolled Oats (bbls). $3 25135 6.'; In
sacks, $5 05ig-5 45; Pearl Barley. $4; Split Peas.
$3 75; Green Peas, $4 25 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The Hay market was reported rather soft,
owing to free receipts, but prices were main
tained.
Bran and Middlings are lower and quiet at
the decline. Corn products have declined.
MIDDLINGS $18©23 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS- Rolled Barley. $24 per
ton; Olh-ake Meal at the mill, $28 50@29 50;
Jobbing. $30: Cocoanut Cake, $21 50@22 50; Cot
tonseed Meal, $28®30 per ton: Corn Meal, $23®
2^ Cracked Corn, $23 50<g24 50; Chopped Feed,
HAY— (Ex-car in round lots)— Wheat. $17@19
per ton; Wheat and Oat. $16®1S: Oat. $H 50®
16 50; Barley, $14igil6; compressed. $16 50@18 50;
Alfalfa, $10 GO9ll 50; stock $11W12; Clover.
$11 50® 13; Nevada Timothy. $13 50@14 per ton.
STRAW— 3S® 45c per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Some dealers are quoting colored rather
weaker, but whites are still in active demand
and firm. Limas are lowor.
BB:ANS— Bayos, $2 90^3; Small Whites.
$1 6o<? 1 65; Large Whites, $1 55<a)l 65; Pinks,
$2 50<j?2 65; Reds, $2<52 25; Blackeye. $2 4Oig2 50;
Butters, $1 40^1 50- Li mas $2 10@2 15; Pea,
$1 Km 55; Red Kidneys. $2 2502 50 per ctl.
FEEDS— Brown M -^tard. $2 75 @3 per ctl:Yel
low Mustard, $2@2 50; Flax, $2 35; Canary Seed.
2%@2%c per lb; Alfalfa. 3@6c; Rape. 2@2%c;
Hemp, 3c; Timothy. 5%c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 40@l 65; Green. $2©
2 05 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS. VEGETABLES.
Asparagus and the other Summer Vegetables
continue to decline as receipts increase. There
is no change in Onions and Potatoes.
POTATOES-Early Rose, 65@75c; River Reds.
50060 c; River Burbanks, 55<t?65c per sack; Ore
gon Burbanks, 50080 c; Salinas Burbanks,
90c!i?$l 10; Petaluma Burbanks, 50@65c; Sweet
Potatoes, 25<r).","i- per r t\ for Rivers and fir,-fi*l
for Merced, new Volunteer Potatoes per lb.
ONIONS— S2 25<g2 50 per ctl; Oregons, $2 60®
2 75; cut Onions, $2@2 25 per sack.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus. 12%®17%c per lh
for No. 1 and SfiflOc for No. 2: Rhubarb. $1 2">
®1 75 per box; Alameda Green Peas. 4-?sc per
lb: Mushrooms, 5-312% c; Marrowfat Squash, $25
"?30 per ton: Pried Peppers. 6(ff7c per lb; Dried
Okra. 15c: Cabbage. SO'Jf'nc per ctl; Carrots, 25
(J6Oc per sack; Garlic. 3<7?4%c per lb.
Los Angeles Green Peas. — — ; String Beans.
; Tomatoes, $1<7?1 25; Green Peppers. 250
per lb; Summer Squash. : Egg Plant, 15-?2oc
per lb: Hothouse Cucumbers, 60o@$l per dozen.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes. Pllced raw, 1?c per lb In lots of 25
rbs; sliced desiccated, 161718 c: granulated raw,
13c; Onions. COc; Carrots, old. 13c; new, 18c;
Cabbage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes. 30c: turnlpa,
25c; String Beans, 30c: Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Two oars of Eastern came to hand but were
not put on, so the local stock had the field to
itself, and prices rose in consequence. The
preference was for young stock, which ad
vanced again.
Game is rather slow.
POULTRY— Turkeys, 12@13c for Gob
blers an.l 12f(13c for Hensr dressed Turkeys,
12Vs@16c per lb; Geese, per pair, $1 25@1 50; Gos
lings, ?2 50Q3: Ducks, |4$S for old and $7@9
for young; Hens, $4 50^5; Roosters, young,
|7©B; Roosters, old, $4 50®5: Fryers. $6 50
@7; Broilers. $5 50@6 50 for large and $4@o
for small ; Pigeons, $2 25 per dozen for young
and $125 for old.
GAME— Gray Geese, $1 50: White, 50c; Brant.
75c@$l; Honkers, $2 B0«r3: Hare. (sc«*sl; Rah
bits, $1(§1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for small;
English Snipe, $2<@2 SO; Jack Snipe, $l@l 25 per
dozen.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Some dealers are shading the quotations on
Butter, but the demand for the north is ap
pearing and there are signs of some relief
from that quarter, which may strengthen the
market. Receipts of Epgs are heavy and they
are weak In consequence. Cheese Is weak, but
no lower.
BUTTER— - »h^^»,
! Creamery— Fancy creameries. 21c; seconds.
Dairy-Choice to fancy. 16V4@17%c; second
grades 16c per lb.
Eastern Creamery, 17Vi@19c; ladle
packed, 15<f?16c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 10q: common to
good S@9 l ,jc; Cream Cheddar, 10@llc; Young
America. 10<gllc: Western, ll@12c; Eastern, 12*4
@13'/4c per It
EGGS— Ranch Eggs. 11V2@12^ per dozen; store
Eggs. 10@ll&c. ■■■ .
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
At auction Navel Oranges sold at 50c@$2
and Lemons at 70c@$l 30.
All kinds of Fruit remain quiet at the old
quotations.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 40@50c per box for common, 65<g90c
for (rood to choice and $I@l 25 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges, $150®
1 2 50; Seedlings. 75cS$l 50; Mandarins, $I<Sl 25 for
large and So@76c for small boxes; Japanese
Mandarins, $l' ( 60; Grape Fruit, 50c<g$2 50
per box; Lemons, 75c<g$l for common and
$1 2502 for good to choice; Mexican Limes.
$5 50@6: California Limes, In small boxes. $1®
1 25; Bananas, $1 25@2 25 per bunch; Pine
apples, $3@4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots. 4%@
4%c for ID-BO'S, 3%@4V10 for 50-60" s, 3%@3%c
for 50-70's, 2\©3>4c for 70-80's. 2U<B"2%c for 80
90's, l%<S2\%c for 90-100' Peaches, 2%@4c;
fancy, 4^@sc; peeled, 10@l2Vic: Apricots, s®6c;
for Royals and 7@7«4c for good to •ancy Moor
parks; Evaporated Apples, @7^c; sun-dried,
4@sc; black Figs. In sacks, 2©2 l 4c; Plums,
4Vs@4%c for pitted and l@l%c for unpltted;
bleached Plums. s®sV*c; Nectarines. 4@sc for
prime to fancy; Pears, 2V4@4%c for quarters
and 3iS?s%c for halves, according: to color, etc.
RAISINS— I'/4«?2c for two-crown, 3c for three
crown, 3%c for four-crown, 4V4c for Seedless
Sultanas. Xc for Seedless Muscatels and $1@
1 10 for London layers; dried grapes, 2%c.
NUTS— Chestnuts are quotable at Sc per
IT); Walnuts. s@6c for hardshell and C@7c for
softshell; Almonds, 2%@3%c for hardshell, s@6c
for softshell and 7@Bc for paper-shell; Peanuts,
4<s'sHc for Eastern and 4^c for California;
Pecans, 6%@Bc; Filberts, "8%@l0c; Brazil Nuts.
B©9c per lb: Cocoanuts. $4 50@5 per 100.
HONEY— Comb, B@loc for bright and B®
"c for lower grades; new water white extract
ed. 4 1 4i@!5c; light amber extracted, 3%©4Vic
per Yb. ■
BEESWAX— 23@2Sc per lb.
PROVISIONS.
Dealers still report an active demand at
firm prices.
CURED MEATS— 9}£c per lb for
heavy, 9%c for light medium, 10% c for light,
lie for extra light and 12% c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 10%@llc; Califor
nia Hams, 10c; Mess Beef. $9 per bbl; extra
mess, do, $10; family do, $11©12; Salt Pork.
$9; extra prime Pork. $10; extra Dear. $18;
mess, $16; Smoked Beef. ll@l2c per In.
LARD— Eastern tierces quoted at s>^c per lb
for compound and 7c for pure: pails, 7%c;
California tierces. 5%c per lb for compound
and 6Hc for pure; half-barrels, 6%c; 10-lb
tins, 7"c; do 6-lb. Be. .
COTTOLENE— 6Hlf6%c; packages,
less than ',ro lbr—l-Ib pails. 60 In a case, B%c;
8-lb palls, 20 in a case. 8%c;"5-lb pails. 12 In a
case, BV4c; 10-lb pails, 6 in a case, BV4c; 50-n>
tins, one or two In a case. 7%c; wooden buck
ets. 20 lbs ne*. I%c; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, 7%c;
half-bbls, about 110 lbs, VAc per ">-
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPa
About the only business in Wool at the mo
ment is with the local mills, as the scourers
arV* doing nothing and the Eastern demand is
insignificant.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and branda sell
lo under sour.J slock. Heavy Mtcad st-nrs,
lOVic; medium, H^c; light, 9c; Cowhides,
9@9Vic; stags, 6c; salted Kip, 10c; Calf,
lie; dry Hides. 17®17»4c; culls and brands, lift
@14c; dry Kip and Veal, 14015 c: ilry Calf. 18(0
20c; culls, 18ft 17c; Goatskins. 30<g37^c each;
Kids, s<BPloc; Deerskins, good summer, 25®30c
per tt>; medium, 20c; winter. 10c; Sheepskins,
shearlings?. 2>)^3oc each; short wool. 40570 c
each; medium, 70@90c; long wools, 90c® $1 30
each.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3CT3UC per n>; No.
2, 2@2 l ue; refined, oc; Grease, 2f?2Vic.
WOOL— Fall clip— San Joaquin. defective. 7®
9c: Southern Mountain. 9011 c; free Northern, 12
@13c; do defective. 9ifs:nc per lb.
HOPS— OId crop, 2<a'6c for poor to fair and S©
10c for good; new crop, ll@l4c per lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, nominal; Wool
Bags, nominal: San Quentin, $5 30.
COAL— The Rocky Mountain descriptions are
higher. Wellington, $10 per ton; New Wel
lington. $10; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant. »6 50; Coos
Bay, $5 75; Wallsend. $9; Scotch, $10; Cumber
land. $10 In hulk and $11 50 in sacks; Pennsyl
vania Anthracite Egg, $15; Cannel. $10 per ton;
Rock Springs. Castle Gate and Pleasant Val
ley, $9; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14 in
CANNED FRUlTS— Shipment of SSOO cases to
Liverpool by sea.
QUICKSILVER— Is quoted higher again at
$86 for export and $40 for local use.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Com
pany quotes terms net cash: Cube Cruihea
and Fine Crushed. 6%a; Powdered, 6Hc; Dry.
Granulated. 5%c: Confectioners' A. 5%c; Mag
nolia A, 5%c; Extra C, 6»4c; Golden C, 5%c;
Candy Granulated, 5%c; California A, 5%c per
lb: half barrels Vie more than barrel!, and
boxes %c more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Another advance In Mutton Is noted and the
trade say that prices will probably go still
higher. The scarcity of feed In the sheep re
gions of the central and southern parts of the
State is causing great concern. Hogs are
quoted easy, but not actually lower.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality. 6%@7c; second do, 5%0
6c: third do, 4®6c per It).
VEAL— Large, 6@6%c; small, 7<gßc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, B%@Sc; Ewes, B@B%c per
ID.
LAMB— Spring. 12% c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 4Hc for large, 4Vi@4%c
for small and 4<s,'S4\ for medium: stock Hogs.
3@3%c; dressed Hogs, 6@7c per lb.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Thursday. March 3.
Flour, qr sks ... 9,33-> IPelts, bdls 106
Wheat, ctls 3.570 iHides. no 511
Barley, ctls Soo;Hay. tons 532
Tallow, ctls 12 i Wool, bales 1
Cheese, ctls 131 ! Lumber, ft 25.000
Butter, otls 218 Leather, rolls ... S9
Beans, sks 2«7 ! Quicksilver, risk. 14
Potatoes, sks ... 2,381 Eggß, doz 15, 360
Onions, sks lS2Ltme. bbls 282
Middlings, ska .. 10:,' Wine, gals 52,100
Bran, sks 41"> !
OREGON.
Oats, ctls 440|
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls goo ■
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks were irregular and quiet.
The Alpha assessment falls delinquent In
board to-day.
The annual meeting of the Donohoe-Kelly
Banking Company, on Wednesday, resulted In
the return of the old Board of Directors, as fol
lows: Adam Grant, Joseph A. Donohoe, Eu
gene Kelly, John Bermingham. Irving M.
Scott, N. P. Cole, George Whittel, C. de
Guigne. R. H. Pease, Edward Donohoe. The
board re-elected the old officers, as follows:
Adam Grant, president; Joseph A. Donohoe,
vice-president; ames A. Thompson, cashier;
Edward Donohoe. assistant cashier.
The Pacific Gas Improvement Company will
pay the regular monthly dividend of 50 cents
per share on March 10.
The San Jose Water Company will pay the
usual monthly dividend of 60 cents per share
on March 10.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, March 3—2 p. m.
Bid.Ask. ] Bld.Ask.
L S Bonds— lOakland Gas.. 49 51
4s quar coup.. 113% — Pac Gas Imp.. 89%; 91
4s quar reg.,112% — Pac L Co 5494 55*4
4b quar new... 125 — SFG & E 90% 90%
Miscellaneous— Ban Fran 3% 3^t
Cal-st Cab 6s. 115% — Stockton Gas.. 10 —
Cal El 6s 126%— Insurance—
C C Wat 55. ..11 l — Flrem's Fnd...195 —
Dup-st ex c. — 95% Bank Stocks—
E L <fc P 65.. 128 131 Anglo-Cal .... 65 70
F&Ch Ry 65. 115 117 Bank of Cal.. 247 250
Geary-st R ss. — 102 Cal SD & T.. 97% 99
HC & S 5%.. 105 — First Nat ....W0 —
LAL Co 65.. — 100 Lon P & A... 132% —
Do gntd 65.. 100 101 % MerExchnge.. — 15
Market-st 65. .126% — Nev Nat 8...155 162%
Do Is M 55.113%114 Savings Banks-
Nat Yin 6s Ist — 100 Ger S & L..1625 1665
N C Ngßy 78.1021* — Hum S & L.1050 1160
NRy Cal 65.. 1024 — Mutual Say. 35 40
NRy Cal 65.. 111*4 — S F Say U.. 480 495
NPC R R 65. 104% — S& L 50.... — 100
NPC Ry 55. 100% — Security SB HO —
N Cal R 55.. — — Union T ColOlO —
Oak Gas 55. -.104 — Street Railroad-
Do 2d is 55.. 11 l 112 California ....108%110
Om Ry 6a 129%130 Geary 40 —
P & O 6s 110 115 Mflrket-st 53^54
P&Ch Ry 65. 108% — Oak SL& H. — —
Powell-st 6s ..117 — Presidio 4% 8%
Reno WL&L..IOO — Powder-
Sac Elecßyos. — 100 California ....110 125
BF& N P 55.106T6107 E Dynamite ..80 90
SPof Ar 65.. 103% — Giant Con Co. 43% 44V«
S P Cal 65. ...112 — V'igorit 3% 37*
SPC is eg 55.. — 99% Miscellaneous—
S PBr 6s — 112% IAI Pac Assn.. 98 —
S V Wat 65...117% US Ger Ld Wks..loo 150
S V Wat 45...103%103 T4T 4 Hana P C 0... 20 —
Stock Gas 65.. — 103U H C & S Co.. 32 32%
Water— Hutch S P Co. 45% 45%
Contra Costa.. 57% 62% Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Marin Co .... 50 — Nat Vln C 0... — 7%
Spring Val ...101^101% Oceanic S Co. 58% 59
Gns & Electric— Pao A F L.. 1% —
Cent Gaslight. 98% — Pac Bor C 0... 96%100
MEL, Co 13^4 14% Par Paint Co. 7 —
MORNING SESSION.
20 Alaska Packers' Association 98 00
2o Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar .32 25
305 Hutchlnson S P Co 45 50
$4000 Omnibus Cable Bonds 129 75
50 Spring Valley Water 10! 2r.
$1000 S F & N P Ry Ponds 106 57%
200 S F Gas & Electric Co M 25
10 do do 90 50
50 S F Gaslight 3 50
AFTERNOON SESSION.
25 Giant Powder Con 44 00
2<i Market-street Railway 54 00
85 Pacific Lighting 54 75
$.1000 S F & N P Ry B"nds 107 00
$5000 Market-street Cable Bonds 6s 127 00
75 S F Gas & Electric Co 90 75
15 Pacific Gas Imp 90 00
400 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 32 00
lcn Hutchlnnon S P Co 45 37%
150 do do 45 50
Street—
10 Spring Valley Water 10125
ICO Cal Safe Deposit 99 00
$1000 Market-street Ry Con Bonds 5s 113 50
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session— lo:3o.
5 Mutual Electric 14 00
25 Hutchinson S P Co 46 00
$2000 Spring Valley Water 4s 103 75
Street —
100 HuU-hinson S P Co 45 75
100 Oceanic Steamship Co 59 00
40 do do 59 12%
Afternoon Session.
35 Giant Powder 44 50
Street —
50 Hutchinson S P Co 45 75
50 Hawaiian C & S Co 32 25
20 Pacific Lighting 54 75
$9000 Spring Valley Water 4s 103 75
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
800 Alta 15: 50 Gould & Curry 16
200 Best & Belcher 31 100 Justice 30
50 Benton 14 , 500 Mexican 2:*
100 Caledonia 26 .200 Occidental 155
100 Challenge 27;2uOOphir 42
1( )0 28 I 100 Savage 2a
300 Con Cal & Va.. SO.IOOOSeg Belcher.... 04
100 Crown Point ... 12 ; 3d0 Sierra Nevada.. 96
60 Gould & Curry. 171200 Union Con 32
Afternoon Session.
1000 Alpha 03] 200 Justice 31
EOOAIta l5!1^;l 5 ! 1^; 30
100 Belcher 21 .100 Mexican 31
100 Best & Belcher 35 100 Ophir 44
100 Con Cal & Va.. T3 150 Potosi 17
100 Confidence 67 iroo Union Con 34
300 Crown Point ... 13 j300j 300 Yellow Jacket... 22
200 Gould & Curry. 18 |
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Andes 10 ! 200 Mexican 29
500 Belcher 20 1 400 30
300 22 i 200 31
300 Best & Belcher 33,400 Ophir 42
300 ' 34 ' 500 Overman 12
500 Bullion 05, 550 Potosi 15
300 091300 17
2w Caledonia 29 1550 Sierra Nevada.. 98
300.'. 28 300 99
2oorhoUar 37V, :. -oo Silver Hill 02
<00 Con Cal & Va.. 80 1 700 Union Con 32
500 Crown Point ... 14 400 33
250 Hale & Norcrs..l 50|400 Tpllow Jacket.. 22
Afternoon Session.
500 Alpha 03 ! 400 Moxican 31
800 Beicner 22|300Ophir 44
300 Caledonia 30 1 .'.OO Overman 12
400 Con Cal & Va.. 83 i 400 Savage 24
1500 Con Imperial... 01 500 Scorpion 06
800 Crown Point ... 14 300 Sierra Nevada.. loo
100 Hale & Norcrs.l 50 300 9S
100 1 *'^2 300 99
300 Justice 32,200 Union Con 33
400 31 j 500 Utah 10
700 30 ] 400 Yellow Jacket... 21
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, March 3—4 p. m .
Alpha 03 04 Justice 30 31
Alta IB 16 Ken tuck 02 03
Andes — 11 Lady Wash .. — 03
Beicner 21 22 Mexican 30 31
Best & Belcher 34 X Occidental ....1 55 —
Bullion — 10 Ophir 43 45
Caledonia 28 30 Overman 11 12
Chollar 35 36 Potosi 16 17
Con Cal & Va. 81 S3 Savage 22 23
Challenge 26 27 Seg Belcher.... 03 05
Con Imperial .. — 01 ' Scorpion — 06
Confidence S3 67; Sierra Nevada. 95 98
Crown Point... 13 15 1 Silver Hill .... — 03
Con New York. 02 03 Syndicate — 05
Eureka — 2f>iStandard 155 —
Exchequer .... 04 05 Union Con 33 34
Gould & Curry. 17 18 1 Utah 08 10
Hale & Norcrs.l 45 150 ; Yellow Jacket. 21 22
Julia 01 —|
-— ■—•-• — -■■■■ ■
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
_ .:•■ • ■ • ■ . ■ ■
Frank E. and Lizzie V. Farley to Abraham
Ruef, lot on E line of Stelner street, 4S S of
Waller, S 24 by E 81:3; $10.
Rosa Rosenfeld to Charlotte S. Weir, lot on
S line of Clay street. 112:6 E of Spruce, E 25
by S 100; $10.
Charlotte S. Weir to C. H. Athearn. same;
$10.
Sidney V. and Cora B. Smith to Peter F.
Dunne, lot on SW corner of Clay and Cherry
strets, S 40 by W 10B:4; $10.
George Theuerkauf to Alice 0., Anna M.,
George A. and August H. Thereukauf, undi
vided one-half interest in lot on W line of
Shotwell street, 185 N of Twenty-first, N 45
by W 122:6; also lot on W line of Dolores
street. 114 N of Seventeenth, W 100, N 10,
E 3, N 4G, W 5 to 8 line of Church lane, E 106,
8 176; also property to which as an heir of his
deceased wife, first parly 1b entitled; also
property Jn outside counties; WO.
Edward C. and Mary G. Harrison to Her
mann D. Junck, lot on S line of Dorland street,
138 E of Church, S ICO by E 25:0%: also all
interest in SW corner of said lot, S 15:7 Vi, W
25, N 14. W 25:0^; $10.
Frank and Celia M. Clarke to Bertha Mauser
(wife of Charles), lot on S line of Fifteenth
street 150 N of Xoe, E 25 by S 115; $10.
Hibernla Savings and Loan Society to An
drew Olson, lot on E line of Ca?tro street,
51:6 S of Liberty. S 25 by E 100; $1300.
Charles H. and Mary A. Knownberg and
James Taylor Rogers to Charles G. Hennett.
lot on S line of Twenty-fourth street. 40 E of
York. E 40 by S 100; $10.
Estate of J. Trapp (by A. C. Freese, adminis
trator) to same, lot on S line of Twenty-fourth
street. 40 E of York, E 40 by S 100; $3450.
George F. and Sarah A. Mitrhell to James
D. Phelan, lot on S line of Turk street, 40 E
of Taylor. E 50 hy S 77:6; $10.
William C. Taylor to Clementini E. D. Tay
lor, lot on N line of Bernard street, 6S E of
Leaven worth. E 23 by N 60; gift.
Same to same, lot on S line of Broadway. 63
E of Leavenworth street. E 23 by S 60; $5.
Marie E. Wittland to William Wittland, lot
on N line of Jackson street, 137:6 W of Jones,
W 32:3*4 by N 114:6; gift.
Gustave Berson and Armand Cailleau to G.
Howard Thompson, lot on N line of Post
street, 68:9 E of Larkln. E 65:9 by N 137:6; $10.
James A. and Ann Bohan to Solomon Schloss,
lot on SE line of Howard street, 225 SW of
Fifth. SW 2S by SE SO: $10.
Patrick and Ann McNamara to Mary O'Don
ne!l, tot on S line of Sierra street. 100 E of
Vermont. X 25 by S 100; sift.
W. F. McClure to Edith A. Taylor, lot on W
lin? of Seventh avenue, 425 N of Lake street,
N 25 by W 114; $10.
Harry B. Smith to Mary E. Smith, lot on
W line of Twelfth avenue. 200 N of California
street. N 2.'. by W 120; gift.
American Surety Company of New York to
M. J. Savage, lot on S line of California street, I
31:6 E of Sixth avenue, E 25 by S 100; $10.
S. Gertrude Smyth to Willard C. Bruson. lot
on SW corner of J street and Fourteenth ave
nue, W 181:6, SE 259:7, E 155:10. N 242:3; $6000.
M. T. and Estelle D. Moses to Petra G. de j
Bargone, undivided 1-24 of lots 1254 to 1259.
Gift Map 2; $10.
Colin G. and Jennie W. Strong to Henry
Ford, lots 891. 892 and 893, Gift Map 4; $10-
Sarah E. Pratt to Solomon Getz, lot on SE
line of Vienna street, 150 NE of Persia avenue,
KE 50 by SE 100, block 64, Excelsior Home
stead; $10.
Frank Cnnningham to Leopold Herlnghi, lot
on N line of Farallones street. 900 E of Ply
mouth. E 100 by N 125, block N, Railroad
Homestead, quitclaim deed: $15.
Bay View Land Company to Frances Dewey,
lot 15. block 551, Bay Park Homestead Asso
ciation; grant.
San Francisco and Fresno Land Company to
Bay View Land Company, lot on S corner of
Thirty-sixth and Railroad avenues. SE ?:11 to
Paul Tract. S 1022 to S line of Bernal Ranch,
E 55 to W line of Bay View Tract. N 1162. SW
157:6; $3.
Alameda County.
C. H. and Bessie P. Eastman to Rosie Dert
mer, lot on N line of Thirtieth street. 75 E of
Linden, E 2S by N 100. block 670, Oakland; $10.
J. P.and Etha F. Garllck to H. F. Harring
ton, lot on N line of Joy street, 120 W of Hum
boldt avenue. W 38 by N 100, being lot 1.
block F. Roberts & Wolfskin Tract, map 3.
Oakland; $10.
L. E. and Elizabeth M. Boardman to Sarah
C. Allison (wife of B.), lot on NW line of
Twelfth avenue, Sl:3 S\V of East Sixteenth
street, SW 31:3 by NW 100, block, 67, Clinton,
East Oakland; $10.
Henry and Sarah W. Miller to Domenico
Muzio, lot 9, being a subdivision of lot 8, block
F, Vernon Park, Oakland Annex; $250.
Guptave Biehs to Katharina Biehs, lot 25,
block 2, McKee Tract, Oakland Annex: gift.
John Melchoir to Carolina Melchoir, lot IS,
block J, Paradise Tract, Oakland Annex; also
lot 49, block 602. Scotchler Tract. Oakland;
gift.
Thomas E. and Charlotte J. Hanson to An
tonio McMillan, lot on S line of Second avenue
at common corner of lots 8 and 9, thence NTK
530:7. SE 402.17, SW 532.30, NW 404.60 to begin
ning, being lots 9 to 13 and portion of lots 14.
28 to 33, block V, Vernon Park, Oakland Town
ship; $10.
Peter H. Medau to Frederick Pfelffer. lot on
N" line of Merced avenue, where the boundary
line of lots 23 and 24 intersects the N line of
Merced avenue, N 165. E 20, S 165. Vi 20 to
beginning, Oakland annex; also lot beginning
at SE corner of lot 24 on N line of Merced
and Shattuck avenues, thence N 165, W 55:9 l j,
S 165. E 60:4 to beginning, being a portion of
Brumaglm Tract, Oakland annex; $10.
Same to same, lot beginning at a point E
306:3 from NE corner of Merced and Shattuck
avenues, E 6o by N 165, being a portion of the
same, Oakland annex; $10.
Henry P. Field to Edward D. Judd, lot 9
In E half of block O. property of the Pioneer
Homestead Association, Alameda; $10.
Edward D. Judd to A. B. Paul Jr., same; $10.
A. B. Paul Jr. to Sarah A. Paul, same; gift.
Elizabeth and Frederick Pfeiffer to Peter H.
Medau. lot on NW line of Everett st, 185 SW
of Buena Vista avenue, SW 3S by NW 100, be
ing a portion of Foley Tract, Alameda; $10.
Joseph A. Leonard Company ;o Frederick
Bammann, lot on NW corner of Eagle avenue
and Mulbery street, E 126 by N 150; also lot
on NE corner Eagle avenue and Willow street.
N 150 by E 42, block 16, lands adjoining to
Encinal; also lot on SE corner Eaßle avenue
and Willow street, E 84 by S 125; also lot on
SW corner Eagle avenue and Mulberry street,
W R4 by S 147:6; also lot on NW corner Buena
Vista avenue and Mulberry street, W 170 by N
147:6, block 17. lands adjoining: to Encinal.
Alameda: $10.
L. C. Folsom to Arthur V. Folsom. lots 62
and 63, block B, Christiania Tract; Berkeley;
$1.
James McGee to Inga Hanson (wife of An
drew), lot 5. block 23, McGee Tract, Berkeley;
$10.
A. A. Fink to Peter Anderson, lots 13 to IS.
43 to 47. block 29. Tract B, Berkeley Land and
Town Improvement Association, Berkeley; $10.
Mary E. and Horace S. Seaton and Etta Mac
Hooe to Andrew Perole, lot on SW corner of
Addison and Seventh streets, S 100 by W 4S,
being lot 5, block 105, Sisterna Tract, Berke
ley; $10.
James and Annie Moran to Frederick W. and
Edna Taylor, lot 16. block 7, Daley's Scenic
Park Tract. Berkeley; $10.
E. D. Judd to Sarah F. Black, lot 1, block
A. Judd Tract. Brooklyn Township: $10.
Oakland B. and L. Association to Andrew
Jones, lots 132 and 133. Alvin Tract, Brooklyn
Township: $10.
Crist Friely to John P. Hansen, lot 30, being
a subdivision of lots 12, 13, 29 and 30, Kings
land Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Kate A. Ward to Sarah H. B. Ward, lot on
NW He of Grant avenue, 155.44 NE county road
Oakland to San Leandro, NE 45 by NW 100,
being- portion of Turnbull Tract. Brooklyn
Township; $10.
George W. and Melissa J. Sommers to A. M.
Goodnough. lots 47 and 48, Mario n Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
J. W. and Mary E. Phillips and Clara E.
Lewis (by attorney) to Aagot Thorndson. lot
on W line of Bassett street. 2CO N of Wash
ington, N 25 by W 125, being lot 3S of Phil
lips' resubdivided block, Levy Tract, Brook
lyn Tiwnshtp: $1°-
Sarah N. Morris to Charles S. Wheeler, lot
on N line of O'Farrell street, 73 W of Laguna,
W 27:6 by N 94:6: $10.
Edward Phillips to Joseph Rosenweiz, lot on
S line of Post street, IS9 E of Buchanan, E
25:9. S 137:6, W 24:9, N 23, W 1. N 111:6; $10.
Fannie V. and Charles A. Sullivan to Frank
J Sullivan, lot on S line of Oak street. 137:6 E
of Webster, E 27:6, S 145:5Vi>, NW 30:2, N
133:01^; $10.
Harris H. Fassett to Ella C. B. Fassett, lot
on N line of Sacramento street, 81:8 E of
Pierce. E 28 by N 103: gift.
Amelia Nachtigall to Frederick Nachtigall.
lot on NW corner of Post and Broderick
streets, N 82:6. W 110, S 27:6, E 30, S 55. thence
80 to beginning: gift.
William F. and Lizzie Geimann (by Thomas
E. Ryan, commissioner) tn Alliance Building
and Loan Association, lot on N line of Thir
tieth street, 105 W of Sanchez, W 25 by N 114;
also undivided 1-7 of lots 43 and 44. block 9,
Flint Tract Homestead; also undivided 1-7 of
lot on NE corner of Lewis and Craut streets.
N 160 by E 30, lot 1, block 6, College Home
stead: $4671.
F. A. and Priscilla S. Berlin to Hibernia
Savings and Loan Society, lot on W line of
Kearny street, 112:6 S of Greenwich, S 25 by
W 87:6: $10.
Augusta and John W. Van Zandt to John M.
Klein, lot on E line of Yerba Buena street,
112:6 S of Clay. S 25 by E 80; $10.
John P. and Sophia E. Morgan to J. S. Mor
gan & Sons (a corporation), lot on SW line of
Third. 125 SE of Brannan, SE 23 by SW 80;
grant.
Charles Rourke to Catherine Rourke, lot on
S corner of Bryant street and Morris avenue
SW 25 by SE 75: gift.
Gustave Niebaum to Willard C. Doane and
L. M. Hoefler. lot on NE corner of Center and
Hubbell streets, N 85H degrees. E 168 2 to shore
line of Mission Bay, N 68»i degrees W 119:4, S
45 degrees. W 79:1^: also lot on NW corner of
Center and South streets. N 45 degrees E 56. N
45 degrees W 120, S 45 degrees, W 20:10; x 4:,
degrees W 120, S 45 degrees, W 236:10 to shore
line of Mission Bay, S 68% degrees. E 119:4, N
85H degrees E 201:4 (quit-claim deed); $1.
Phoebe A. Hearst to same, lot on NW line
of South street. 300 SW of Seventh. SW 56. W
365:6, NE 337:6. SE 240 (quit-claim deed); $5.
Y. Fkumoto to Mary Abrams, lot on W line
of Forty-fifth avenue, 120 N of A street, N 36
by W 120; $10;
THE CALL C.i-ENDAR.
March. I<!9S.
Su.
Mo
We
2
9
16
IE
SO
Th.
3
Pr.
5
Moon's j Phases.
/O. Full Moon,
<£> : Mar 8.
I '
6
13
7
1
8
15
I Last Quarter
\^L Mar. 14.
1 x^v New Moon,
| W Mar. 22.
21
| 17
—
31
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange. Is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
tree of expen-se.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of lntertst to 0. . an commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon and Is dropped at noon, 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mare
Island, Cal.
A notice etating whether the tires ball was
dropped on time or giving the error, If any. !•
published the same day by the »" ern °° a
papers, and by the mOrn ' w papers the follow
in^ day W. S. HUGHES,
ing day. L|eutenant v s N ,, in charge. _
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
Columbia River Bar.
Office of United States Lighthouse Inspector,
Portland, Or., March 1. 1898.
Notice is hereby given that the Clatsop
Spit Buoy No 0, a first-class nun. red. marking
the west edge of Clatsop Spit, and heretofore
reported gone adrift from its position, has been
replaced on Its old bearings.
This notice affects the list of Beacons ana
Buoys. Pacific Coast. 1596, page 42.
By order of the Lighthouse Board,
GEO. C. REITER, Commander, I. S. IN.
Inspector Thirteenth Lighthouse District.
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydroeraphic Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Marcn
3 IS9B. -
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day — >. c., at noon or tna
120 th meridian, or at exactly 8 p. m.. Green
wich time. V/. S. HUGHES,
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in cnarge.
SUN". MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Heights of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point. Entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by Official Authority of tha
Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
MARCH- 18HS.
■; '■>'.'-■-. '-■-- Friday. March 4.
Sun rises 8: j>»
Sun sets 8: »'
Moon sets. 4:ls
Peet
Time
L W
Feet
''Feet
I
5
6
7
3:49
4:2'.t
5:11
5:54
H Wj
0:20]
3.1
2.6
2.0
1.5
1.1
8:17
9:08
»:52
10:361
1 1 : 11*
12 :W» i
L W
6:38 i
o
4.8
6.0
5.1
5.1
5.0
0.7 1
4:
4:
5:!
6:1
H 1
I 1:1
0.3
0.4
0.4
0.8
1.2
I 10:49
I 11:0?
11 :2<.l
11:52
L "W
5.2
4.9
I I.S
NOTE. — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Th*
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand olumn gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides. as sometimes occurs. Thn heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign {— ) precede? the height
and then thf number given is subtractlve from
the depth f»iven by the charts.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
.reata I
forth Fora
I Coob Bay
Humooidt
Portland
Mexico.
Nanatiro — , »..-
San Die?o
Departure Bay
Newport
Tacoraa
I Newport
Portland ..".....
Crescent Cltv
Honolulu
Victoria, and Puget Sound
Coos Bay
Humholdt
Panama
j Alaska
Sydney
i San Dies o
olumoia
>rizaba
urma !
;ii ii. -i Rosa |
rlstol
[omer
rashtenaw
ooa Bay ; I
tate or Cai
rescem City.
enlandia
lty Puebia.. ..
;mplre
Peeou .. .....
ity of Sydney .
[umboldt
[oana
omona !
STEAMERS TO SAIL..
6TKAMKK. i Destination |
Sails.
President..
Weeott
Pomona....
Arcata
Columbia..
Dlrifro
Umatllla ..
North Fork
Acapulco . .
San t«i Rosa
Homer
Fulton
Orizaba.. ..
Coos Bay..
State of Cal
Taqulna Bay.
Humbldt Bay.
San Diego
Coos 8ay......
Portland
Alaska
i Vie & Part Snd
jHiunbolat —
Panama
San Diesro —
jHutnboldt —
Alaska
! Mexico
I Newport
! P0rt1and.......
Mar i. 12 M
Mar 4. 9 All
Mar 4. 11 AM
Mar 6. I pm
Mar 6. 10 AD
Mar 7. 4 pm
Mar 7,10 am
Mar 7. 9am
Mar 8. 12 M
Mar 8. 11 AM
Mar 9. 10 AM !
Mar 9 !
Mar 10. 10 AM
I Mar 10. am
! Mar 10. 10 am
Pier 13
Pier 2*
Pier »
Pier 3
PMS3
I Pier 11
| Pier a
! Pier "9
i Pier 11
I Pier 24
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, March 8.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 14 hours from
Mendoclno.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Bridgett, 32 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Mineola, David. 4 days from Nanalmo.
Stmr T'matllla. Cousins, 64 hours from Vic
toria and Puget Sound.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 20 hours from. Mon
terey.
Stmr Whltesboro. Johnson, 40 hours from
Hueneme.
Schr Newark. Beck, 16 hours from Bowens
Landing.
CLEARED.
Thursday, March 3.
Stmr Tillamook, Doran, Dyea, via Seattle: ,
! Northern Coast Steamship Co. *
Stmr Pomona. Debney. San Diego; Goodall, ~
Perkins & Co.
Stmr City of Peking, Smith, Hongkong, via
Yokohama;* P M S S Co.
Stmr Homer, Jessen, Eureka; Goodall, Perk
ins & Co.
SAILED.
Thursday, March 3.
Stmr Homer, Jessen, Eureka.
Stmr City of Peking, Smith, Hongkong via
Yokohama.
Stmr Willamette, Hansen, Seattle.
Br ship Marlborough Hill. Lang, Liverpool.
Br snip Orealla, Stewart. Queenstown.
Bark Annie Johnson, Matson, Hilo.
Brig J D Spreckels. Christiansen, Mahukona.
Schr General Banning, Tliomas, La Paz.
Schr Wing and Wing. Genberg, Coos Bay.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— IO p. m.— March 3— Weather,
thick; wind, S, velocity, 8 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Dunnerdale loads mdse for London di
rect.
The Prince Robert loads lumber on the Sound
for Port Pirie.
SPOKEN.
Feb 13— Lat 13 N. long 29 W, Br ship Merion
eth, hence Nov 13, for Queenstown.
Jan 28— Lat 37 N. long 29 W, Br ship Sierra
Estrelka, from San Diego, for Queenstown.
Dec 23— Lat 57 S, long 79 TV. Ger ship Willko
men, from Oregon, for Queenstown.
Feb 9— Lat 2 S, lons 31 W. Br ship Falls of
Halladale. hence Oct 12. for Queenstown.
Jan 17— Lat 26 S. long 27 W. Br bark Inver
esk. hence Oct 21. for Queenstown.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FORT BRAGG — Sailed March 2— Stmr West
port, for .
SEATTLE — Arrived March 3— Stmr Hueneme,
from Dyea;
TATOOSH— Passed March 3— Bark Melrose,
from Chemainus, for Santa Rosalia.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed March I— Schr Salvator,
for Portland.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed March I— Schr Comet,
for Puget Sound.
HUENEME— Arrived March 3— Stmr CoquMe
River, from Newport.
TILLAMOOK— Arrived March 3— Schr Gem,
hence Feb 25.
TATOOSH— Passed March 3— Bark Rufus E
Wood, hence Feh 20. for Seattle: Br atmr Bris
tol, from Nanalmo. for San Francisco
SALMON BAY— Sailed March 3— Schr Chal
lenger, for Newport.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived March 3— Schr
1 Occidental, hence Feb 26.
EUREKA— SaiIed March 3— Stmr North Fork,
for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived March 3— Stmr Tenshin
Maru, from Yokohama: stmr Hermosa. hence
i Feb 27: stmr Del Norte. from Dyea.
Sailed March 3— Rark Columbia, for Dyea.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed March 3— Scr Spo
kane, for San Francisco.
NEHALEM RlVEß— Arrived March 2— Schr
Del N'orte. hence Jan 20.
VENTURA— Sailed March 3 — Schr Monterey,
i for San Francisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived March 3— Br ship Reli
ance from Port Pirrie: hktn Ohehalls, from
Nagasaki: Br bark Gyne.id. from Honolulu.
Sailed March 3— Stmr George W Elder, for
! Dyea Br bark Wlndrus>h. for Queenstown.
T 4TOOSH— Passed March 3— Bktn Newsboy.
! from Port Townsend. for Taku : stmr Washte
naw from Tacoma. for San Francisco; bark
; Seminole. hence Feb 26. for Spattle; bark CJuar-
I dian from Santa Rosalia, for Port Gamble;
I Ger bark Pallas, from Santa Rosalia for
! Rnval Roads.
PORT TOWNSEXD— Arrived March 3— Schr
John D Tallant. from San Pedro: schr Laura
Madsen. from Tampa de Moro: Chil ship Star
of Italy, hence Feb 21.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived March 3— Schr
Azalea, from San Diego.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed March 3— Schr Charles
; E Falk. for Eureka.
■ PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived March 3— Schr
1 John A Campbell, from Newport; schr R W
Bartlett, from San Pedro.
COOS BAY — Sailed March 3— Schr Jennie
Thelln, for Snn Francisco.
EASTERN POirro.
BALTIMORE— CIeared March 2— Stmr L#e
; lanaw. for San Francisco; ship Servia. for San
Francisco.
j Ss.Ued March 2— Ship Roanoke. for San Fran
! Cisco.
fore rax ports.
TYKE -Arrived Mar 2— Br ship St Mlrren. he
Sept 26.
(SUEENSTOWN— SaiIed March 3-Br ship
, Torrlsdale. «or Havre.
RIO PE .T AX KlßO— Arrived March 2— Br stm
> Athenian, from London, for Vancouver
ST NAZAIUE Arrived Feb 21— Br ship
i Port Stanley. Tom Tacoma.
FALMOVTH- Sailed— Ger ship Flottbek for
Liverpool.
TRANS- A TLAXTIC STEAMERS
• QVEENSTOWM-Sallod March 3-Stmr Brit
tanic, for Liverpcol. for Xew YorV
PALERMO—Arrvpd Marcn 2— Stmr Califor
nia, from New York.
i MARSEILLES-S&iled March 2— Stmr Patria,
: for New York.
LONDON-Arrlved March 3-Stmr Mohawk,
from Xew York.
NEW YORK-Salled March 3-Stmr Freder
| lck der Groase, for Bremwt.THE X-RAY
IN POLITICS
How It Is Hoped It Will
Help an Old Sol
■..■}; C dier.
Hay wards Is Divided Over the
Appointment of Its Post
: . master.
Oaorge Oakes' Friends Claim That
He Has the Inside
Track.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
. 908 Broadway, March 3.
Haywards is greatly excited over a
leg. Nearly everything in Alameda
county figures sooner or later in poli
tics,- and now the leg of Alonzo Brad
ford is likely to prove a serious draw
back to the Republican organization in
the little town.
As stated in last Sunday's Call Alonzo
; Bradford has one of the Confederates'
.bullets in his knee, and an X-ray pic
ture, of his limb with the lead in it
Was sent to Washington as part of his
petition to be appointed postmaster of
.-. Hay-wards.
It is well known that George Oakes,
son of the immortal Tony, and a Re
publican editor, has all but been prom
ised, a place and that his name was
submitted to the President by the Cali
fornia delegation at least two weeks
•<i go.. Up to this time, however, Mr.
McKtnley has not sent the nomination
to Congress of Mr. Oakes, and Brad
ford's hopes are rising.
'■" Among Republicans there is nothing
talked of just now but Alonzo Brad
ford's leg and the pull it may exercise
, at Washington. Leg-pulling, as poli
ticians understand it, is a time-honored
practice on this side of the bay and has
: been brought to perfection, but this is
the first instance on record where the
leg is expected to do the pulling in
. stead of being pulled. The Republicans
tit Haywards are divided over the prop
psition. Bradford is claiming the sup
port of the veterans, and his friends
• : .are sending all. kinds of petitions on to
Washington, and it is claimed that they
are not backward at personalities.
Oakes' friends are also busy, and by
■' this, time President McKinley is no
'■'-. dpubt thinking that the Republican
loyalty of Haywards is very great and
: regretting that it cannot sustain at
". least, two pnstoffices.
WORST FOR TWELVE YEARS.
Professor Wickson on Crop Condi
ditions and Prospects in
. . California.
BERKELEY. March 3.— Professor E. J.
WlckaOQ of the agricultural department
: . .of the university stated to-day that, in
'•.'■■■ spite of the good done by the recent rain
/. fall all over the State north of Fresno,
'■' ■■"•' :the present year is the worst that has
..: bee.iv experienced in California since the
. "terrible dry season of 1876-77.
'■'"': -''The recent rainfall," he said, "has
!;: "helped along crops for the time being,
.;." but so far in most parts of the State
'There has been only about one-third of
••.■"■ t?ie normal precipitation. Here in Berke
v -we' have "had about one-half the nor
. jnal amount. Of course, things are not
nearly so bad as they were in 1876-77. In
; : .'that "year the total rainfall in San Fran
: Cisco was about 9 inches, and this sea
son we have had that much already. We
lave been known to have 10 inches of
rJbraln in March, but from present indica
f -turns there is nut much prospect for it
t his \&Bl.t
"For the present at least the Sacra
mento Valley, the lower San Joaquin and
-.»■ the- lower Salinas valleys have had
/. Venougb rain to bring the grain along.
The farmers do not seem so blue about
prospects as one might expect. Of course
there is always some compensation tor
.i dry year in the form of crops from
; . -.. -t.'.w lands that would otherwise be
i^d."'
; Should Magee Bandage WoundsP
BERKELEY, March 3.— The complaint
--. made by a number of practicing physi
.clans of Berkeley against Physical Direc
tor Walter E. Magee of the university for
alleged f-ncroachment upon their practice
-.. by. attending to the cuts, strains and oth
er wounds of the college athletes has
created a storm of wrath at the univer-
The doctors claim that Magee, not
Wi'rig a licensed physician, has no right
to dress and bandage wounds. Mr. Ma
•• declares, however, that in all cases
repairing more serious treatment than
4 water or simple bandages he inva
riably orders the injured students to eon
tit physicians, and moreover, that his
rvices' to the athletes who sustain hurts ;
"... are' entirely gratuitous.
: Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, March 3.— Miss Rosa L. ;
Scrivener '74, who was the first lady grad
• . . uate of the Stuu- University, was a vis- j
itor at Berkeley this morning.
Professor M. E. Jaffa and D. T. Fowler '
: left Berkeley this evening to hold a farm
■ er's' -institute at Corning. Tehama County.
'.."•■ Dr. A. A. d'Ancona of San Francisco
has presented to the library a complete
. . getof Addison'p Spectator.
■G. W. Dickie of the Vnion Iron Works
.made an addresss to the civil engineering
is'tudpnts this afternoon at the university.
-'. Coach Cochran will meet all candidates
■ for positions on next season's football
.eleven at the gymnasium. Captain Hall
to-day issued a call for the players to be
present, especially candidates for the po
■: sitiohs of center, quarter, end and full.
'.:.•■■ The residence of Mrs. E. Dutton. at the
corner of Fourth street and Charming
..way, West Berkeley, was destroyed early
: this morning by a fire caused by the over
• inrning of a lighted lamp.
The- University of California debaters
••• to-day decided to choose the affirmative
: side of the question to be debated with
• 'Stanford in the intercollegiate debate.
: TJie question is on the preferability of a
' System of free sale of prison made goods
in .the open market to the system in op
eration in the State of New York at pres
•■>> t.
. The Students' Congress has elected the
: ■■following officers: Speaker, W. T. Moon
ey '99; clerk, Ira Abrahams '99; treasurer,
' E. £. Christensen '00. Next Tuesday even
ing the congress will debate the repeal of
. the "mile limit" law.
.••■-. ..'•■■ ■ ♦ ■
. "'; Reception to Bishop Taylor.
• - ; ALAMEDA. March 3.— here was a very j
: large attendance at the reception ten- j
dered. to Bishop William Taylor at the i
-. " parlors of the Park-street { Methodist i
:> Church this evening. Several prominent j
; • clergymen from Oakland and San Fran
'-■: ieieco - were present, while the other
'■'■'; - hurchea in this city were represented.
•.' There were vocal and Instrumental music,
; ..^addresses, etc. The Bishop was. warmly
: congratulated upon his long and success
ful .career by all present, s
■j ! , : ;■ - Alameda News Notes.
V. : i ALAMEDA, March 3.— The Young Peo- |
• ■pie** Progressive Club will be addressed j
■ • W Rev. T. J. Lacey on Saturday evening |
:.r.*-"xt,;
• The Camera Club will hold its regular |
"! -meeting to-morrow evening at its rooms |
' ,hi the Postofflco block. The results' of
%ipg club's recent outing in Mill Valley I
- : will be exhibited. ' * ,
• >•'■ Professor Jordan of Stanford University
: win lecture on the "Fur Seal" at the
: . rnitafian Church to-morrow evening,
■una*T"the auspices of the Teachers* Club.
.;' .Pierre Seguinot and Eugenic Duguard
► .'•': this city were married in the Oakland
v-Jail last night oy Justice Morris. Seguinot
■'• was." under arrest with heavy bonds ;to
'•". answer to a charge of felony and con
"■r" eluded that marriage was the easiest way
V'jJujt.of.'his difficulty. , .
"• ■'r/'PatHck Kelley challenged Patrick • Mc
" Cabe-of.the West End to a bout at fisti
cuffs to-day. McCabe accepted, but got
the" worst of it, and he had Kelley ar-
TebteTlon a charge of battery." j.
MOBBED THE WRONG PERSON.
Woodward Simply Nodded When Dingee
and Moffitt Pulled the String.
Since Woodward's announcement that he will stand pat, it is evident that Oakland's new water rate
ordinance will go through in the same slick way in which it started. The matter furnishes an illustration
of intrigue and foresighted preparation that have but few equals.
The unpopularity of the old water company furnished a field for the operation of the Oakland Water
Company scheme by Dingee and Moffitt. They came competing, and for years nothing was good enough for
them. Under the law they should at the beginning have filed sworn statements of the extent and cost of
their plant and the names of their consumers. But, they said this would disclose their business to their
rival and render competition impossible. So they were permitted to violate the law and withhold a state
ment. The Council turned over to them school houses and fire hydrants. When the underwriters proposed
that they should have every other hydrant all over the city, in order that fire protection might have access
to the two systems, giving better facilities for fighting a conflagration, they protested that this was a
scheme of the old company to choke off competition, and the division was refused -by the Council.
The present situation shows the wily and cunning foresight of these two slick operators. The enor
mities in the new rate schedule begin to appear in those particulars in which Oakland has walked into the
trap set by these men when their wish and word were law for past City Councils. The new rate puts a
head tax of 3 cents on every child attending the public schools, and increases the rate on fire hydrants
about 100.per cent. The head tax on school children to pay for the school-house supply is a novelty in the
line of exaction. It so discredits the acquisitive ingenuity of the Contra Costa and Spring Valley compa
nies as to make their methods seem old-fashioned, plain and almost virtuous. No wonder that the men cap
able of conceiving it have had the gall to appear in person in support of their members of the Council.
No wonder that Dingee was capable of standing behind Woodward's chair close to his backbone, when he
voted, and that Moffitt arranged to rescue him from his refuge in the city jail, where a mob held him at bay,
and sent him home in a carriage.
We have now the interesting spectacle of Mr. Woodward authorized to carry a gun to defend himself
against a mob, caused by his vote to spring the trap so cunningly set by Moffitt and Dingee. The town
is vitally injured by these disorders and by their cause, but does any one think that these defiant and dis
orderly demonstrations against Councilman will ever put a stop to such things? It is wasting mobs to use
them up in that way. If they would tur-i their attention to the corrupters, the water ordinance would be
beaten next Monday night. It is unlawtal and reprehensible to do so, or to mob anybody, and as usual, so
far, the wrong men have been mobbed.
STILL PROBING
THE SCANDAL
Grand Jury Examines
Witnesses on Water
Rates.
Thousands Will Attend the
Council Meeting Next
Monday.
The Army and Navy League Calls a
Meeting to Discuss the
Situation.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
E Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, March 3.
The investigation by the Grand Jury
into the City Hall scandals is grow
ing interesting. It is also growing
wider in its scope, and within the next
couple of days many people will no
doubt wonder why they are served with
subpenas.
To-day ex-Judge Frick, T. E. Pope,
Council man Rowe, W. 8..C. de Frem
ery, Harry, Thomas, secretary of the
Board of Public Works, and The Call
libt wonder why they are served with
jpenas.
'o-day ex-Judge Frlck, T. E. Pope,
jncil man Rowe, W. B. C. de Frem-
Harry Thomas, secretary of the
ird of Public Works, and The Call
respondent were before the jury in
answer to subpenas.
Little by little the tale is being told
of how the water rates were fixed and
of how they were set aside. The resig
nation of Fibush, the appointment of
Woodward and the various documents
that have been presented to the City
Council fixing water rates were under
discussion, and to-morrow several more
witnesses will be examined.
A special meeting of the Army and
Navy League will be held next Satur
day evening at Becker's Hall, and the
principal subject to come before the
members will be the actions of Mayor
Thomas and Councilman Woodward. It
is stated that there is no desire on the
part of the League to take snap judg
ment on either of the two officials, but
that all grievances will be fully aired
from both sides before any action is
taken.
There is now no hope that there will
be any change in the vote of the Coun
cilmen next Monday night. . The solid
six have repeated over and over again
that they will stand together, and there
is not a suspicion the vote of they will
ien next Monday night. The solid
have repeated over and over again
they will stand together, and there
ot a suspicion but that they will
keep their word. The same is true of
the other five members. Mayor Thomas
repeats his assertion that he will veto
the ordinance, and it is claimed by the
companies that in such an e\ent the
resolution of February 21 will be the
legal rates. As there is no difference
between this resolution and the amend
ed ordinance now bing printed, it is a
matter of indifference, so far as the
public is concerned, which is legal.
They both saddle the same rates on the
city, and provide the same enormous
income for the corporation.
I sentiment altogether unnatural
y both saddle the same rates on the
, and provide the same enormous
>me for the corporation,
sentiment not altogether unnatural
is now spreading among the ratepayers,
Two years ago, when the Dingee com
pany was extensive enough for power
ful competition, thousands of ratepay
ers deserted the old company and went
to the new for the purpose of getting
lower rates. Now, that they realize
that there are two feet on their necks
instad of one, many are returning to
the old company, not because they like
it any better than they did, but be
: cause they like the new company,
which has taken the more active part
! in putting through the exorbitant sche
dule, less.
Next Monday night an exciting time
!is expected. The water companies will
muster their forces at the City Hall for
the purpose of protecting their men
should an outbreak occur, and there is
no doubt' that thousands of indignant
ratepayers will also assemble. The feel
ing of the people can best be judged
by the fact that last night it was re
ported that the Council was holding a
meeting, and in a few minutes hun
1 dreds of people had flocked to the City
Hall and would not believe that the
report was wrong. r - *",^ v
MOBE PHYSICAL TRAINING.
Professor Walter Magee Wishes It
Given a Trial in the Berke
ley Schools.
BERKELEY, March 3.— Professor Wal
ter E. Magee hopes in the near future
to see systematic physical culture in high
schools, grammar schools and even pri
mary schools, as well as in the univer
sity. In order to bring this about he
proposes to pursue the same plan as that
adopted by the department of pedagogy
at Berkeley, of giving to students who
intend to teach an opportunity to get
some practical experience.
Professor Magee has at present a class
of nine students, who intend to become
teachers of physical culture. He pro
poses to offer some school ia Berkeley
the services of these students to te ach
the school children, provided the Berke
ley Board of Education will bear the ex
pense of having a physician to make phy
sical examinations of the children. I
never give anybody work until he has
been thoroughly examined and his de
fects or weal nesses discovered, said
Professor Magt ■? to-day, "and, besides,
unless the children were examined no |
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 4, 1898.
accurate knowledge could be obtained of
the results of the training.
"It has always been my idea," he con
tinued, "that we should train the child
from the start, rather than wait until he
has acquired defects, and such a plan
as this would give an excellent oppor
tunity for demonstrating the efficacy of
scientific physical training. At the same
time it will be an excellent opportunity
for prospective teachers of physical cul
ture to get some practical work."
Funeral of Miss May L. Seaman.
OAKLAND, March 3.— Miss May L.
Seaman, who died at the Albany Hotel
Monday from peritonitis, was buried at
Mountain View Cemetery this morning.
The funeral was held in the First Con
gregational Church, Rev. C. R- Brown
officiating. The services were quite .sim
ple. The body was placed in the family
fot of Mrs. E. P. Sanford, the deceased's
Bister. Miss Seaman was an artist on a
Los Angeles paper prior to her last ill
ness.
Bocks in the Council Chambers.
OAKLAND. March 3.— City Treasurer
Gilpin has secured a collection of stones
and has them on exhibition in his office.
They were secured from the City Council
chamber after Monday night's meeting,
and are supposed to have been carried
there for some purpose. Night Watch
man holland found some of them on
Monday night while putting out the
lights and the janitor found the others
the next day while cleaning up. ,
Evading Their Creditors.
OAKLAND. March 3.— The creditors of
Armstrong & Hardy, two young men
doing a grocery business on San Pablo
avenue, claim that their debtors have left
town to evade meeting certain obliga
tions. Attachments have been issued for
sums aggregating $MO. An attempt is
being made by the firm to settle through
its attorney, but it is expected that the
goods, furniture and fixtures will be sold
next week.
May Finish To-Day.
OAKLAND. March 3.— The attorneys in
the Harris-Ames suit stated to-night that
they expected to complete the t;ikiiiK ol
testimony to-morrow. Only three minor
witnesses are to be examined, and then
the case will go to the court for a deci
sion. The defense claims that it has
made a good case, and expects to win.
WEBB TAKES
ANOTHER WIFE
His Divorce Case Created Great
Surprise at San
Lorenzo.
His Former Wife Believed in All
Kinds of Charms and
Talismans.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, March 3.
Edward Otis Webb of San Lorenzo was
married last Tuesday to Henrietta Lehn
hart, in San Francisco, by Rev. Dr. Car
son. The marriage of Mr. Webb recalls
one of the most sensational divorce trials
ever held in this county, and which in
volved Dr. Dean, a well-known physlcain
of Haywards.
The Webbs were the leaders of society
in the interior part of the county, and
lived on a large ranch at San Lorerteo.
The filing of a divorce complaint by the
husband caused a sensation, for every
body thought that the Webb household
was a model for happiness and peace.
The trial proved that a very short time
ofter the marriage Otis Webb discovered
he had made a mistake. His wife had
been married twice before becoming Mrs.
Webb, and had peculiar notions about
fortune tellers, charms, love powders and
similar talismans. Mr. Webb did not
place much confidence in his wife after
he discovered her peculiarity, and with
the aid of a detective he soon procured
evidence upon which Judge Ogden speed
ily granted him a divorce.
Mrs. Webb stoutly denied all the ac
cusations of her husband, and the gen
eral Impression was that he had acted
very hastily until some letters were pro
duced, which Mrs. Webb had been weak
enough to write to a lady friend and
which convicted her without a doubt. This
occurred four years ago, and now the
Webb household has been rehabilitated
and the new mistress is in charge.
Application for a License.
OAKLAND, March 3.— G. Angela has
applied for a permit and license to sell
liquor at Twenty-seventh and Grove
streets. This is not the first attempt that
has been made to locate a saloon at that
point, but each time the application has
been met with strenuous opposition by
the residents of that portion of the city.
All of the children attending the Durant
School must pass that corner to and from
school.
Damages for a Fall.
OAKLAND, March 3.— Georgle Mor
rison, a nurse, filed a suit to-night in the
Superior Court for $10,000 damages against
Beaudry & McAvoy, the undertakers. Sh<3
fell through an open cellar door in the
sidewalk on Octohtr 27, last year, sprain
ing her back, breaking an arm and other
wise depriving her of her strength to con
tinue her profession.
Married at 16.
OAKLAND, March 3.— Frank McKinstry
and Birdie Slocum were married this af
ternoon by R. F. Coyle, D.D. The bride
is a native of Oregon and is only 16 years
of age. Her mother accompanied her to
the clerk's office and signed her applica
tion for a license. The young lady ap
peared to be considerably older.
Oakland News Items.
John P. Irish spoke to-night before the
Union Reform League at Fraternal Hall
on "The Causes of Failure in Municipal
Government." Judge Fifield was the pre
siding officer.
Justice Wood to-day found Frank" Enos
of Haywards guilty of failure to provide
for his -children. The case was tried on
a change of venue, Enos claiming that he
could not get a just verdict at home.
Sheriff White has sent out circulars to
all peace officers to apprehend J. W. Har
bourne on a charge of forgery.
TAX REFORM
IN CALIFORNIA
Professor Plehn Says a
Commission Should
Investigate.
i
Urges the Abolition of Personal
Property and Mortgage
Taxes.
The Single Income Tax Declared to
Be Theoretically the
Best Tax.
BERKELEY. March 3.— Professor C.
C. Plehn of the department of econom
ics delivered a lecture at the university
this afternoon on the "Reform of
Taxation in < 'alifornia." He empha
sized the necessity of the establishment
of a commission to investigate taxation
evils before attempting to inaugurate
changes in present methods. He
strongly urged the abolition of the per
sonal property and mortgage taxes,
and suggested that in their stead taxes
be levied upon con-orations in propor
tion to the market value ot their stocks
and bonds, upon the occupants of build
ings in proportion to the annual rental
value, business taxes on firms and indi
viduals to correspond to the tax on cor
porations and the continuance and ex
tension of the inheritanr-" tax.
In the course of his lecture Professor
Plehn said: "Tax reform should be
planned with great care and in a scien
tific spirit. Above all it should never be
allowed to become a partisan measure.
The history of taxation is too full of
attempts of one class to tax another.
Before we attempt any changes the
subject should be investigated by a
non-partisan commission composejd of
men of high scientific attainment.
"It is hopeless to think of patching
up the ok! property tax, which is wrong
in principle as well as in practice. A
.single income tax is theoretically best,
but we have not yet reached that high
stage of politicai development at which
such a tax is possible.
"With all due respect to the late
Henry George and his earnest and hon
est but misguided followers, I main
tain that the single tax is not a desira
ble method of effecting tax reform.
The single taxers aim solely at destroy
ing the institution of private property
in land, which institution has been one
of America's greatest gifts to the civil
ized world, and they propose to use the
taxing power of the Government to
effect this destruction."
Congregational Parsonage.
OAKLAND, March 3.— The members of
the Fourth Congregational Church met
last night and decided to miild a parson
age for their pastor. It Is to be a seven
room house, with all modern Improve
ments. Over $1000 was subscribed for the
purpose before the meeting disbursed.
Supervisor John Mitchell. James Nai
smlth and E. T. Leiter were appointed to
take charge of the work.
For Street Work.
OAKLAND, March 3.— Mayor Thomas
has signed the ordinance appropriating
$4000 for the filling and mnrariamlzing of
Fourth avenue between Eighteenth street
and Newton avenue, and % also an ordi
nance providing $5000 to pay half of the
cost of paving Webster street between
First and Fourth streets with wooden
blocks.
Will Go to Alaska.
OAKLAND, March 3.—AlexanderCamp
bell of Hotel Metropole will sever his
connection with that houso at the end of
this month and go to the Yukon River
district. He will be in charge of the Cali
fornia-Yukon Trading Company's vessels
between Dawson City and St. Michael.
To Dedicate San Lorenzo's Church.
OAKLAND, March 3.— The new Catholic
church at San Lorenzo will be dedicated
next Sunday by Archbishop Riordan.
High Mass will be celebrated at 10 a. m.
An Honor Resigned.
ALAMEDA, March 3.— For a long time
G A. Blank, a citizen, had charge of the
flag in the public park, and took great
pride in keeping it flying during pleasant
■wouther. Some time ago he removed to
Oakland, and had to give up his gratuit
ous but patriotic task. The Grand Army
post was requested to supply a substi
tute, and did so, a new flag of large size
being ordered. Now the veteran to whom
had been assigned the duty of raising
and lowering the flag has thrown up his
job in disgust. He says he should not
pull a seventy-five pound flag up a 180
foot pole five or six days in succession
with no other pay than the honor of it.
It appears that he was not posted in the
ways of his predecessor. Living in the
neighborhood of the park are a number
of patriotic boys, who used to esteem it
a great favor to be permitted by him to
aid in raising and lowering the flag,
thereby lightening the task materially.
Chinatown Arrests.
The report of Sergeant Shea of the Chi
natown squad for the month of February
sent to Chief Lees Wednesday shows that
the squad is keeping up its reputation for
good work. During the month 240 arrest?
had oeen made; IS2 convictions were se
cured and fines paid; 37 were convicted
and fined; 19 cases were dismissed and 2
are pending. The fines collected amounted
to $1830.
INSECTS WILL
BE CLASSIFIED
Every Known California
Species to Be Duly
Listed.
Professor Woodford of Berke
ley Is Devoting Months
to the Task.
Nearly 10,000 Species Will Appea
in the List When Finally
Completed.
BERKELEY, March 3.— Assistant
Professor C. W. Wocrdworth of the de
partment of entomology at the State
University is busy at work upon a com
plete descriptive and bibliographical
list of all the genera and species of
California insects. The making of the
list is a great undertaking, for it will
include all the way from 5000 to 10,000
species. No State has ever yet essayed
the task of collecting a complete list
except New Jersey. In the little State,
famous among travelers by its mos
quitoes, over 6000 species of insects were
classified, and Professor Woodvvorth
believes that California's list will far
exceed in numbers that of New Jersey.
The extent of the task erf making the
list can be realized when it is known
that the mere copying of the names of
the different species will keep two type
writers busy for at least six months.
The work of reference and classification
will of course represent many times
that amount of time and labor. Under
each species there will h^ not only the
scientific classification or it, but the
region in which it is lound, the various
names under which earlier entomolo
gists classified it before it was finally
classified and the various entomological
works in which reference is made to it.
While the greater part of the work
of describing the species and locating
the referneces to them has been done,
the work of classifying and cataloguing
them has scarecly been more than be
gun, so the actual number of species
can only be guessed at. The total num
ber of species, however, will probably
reach nearly 10,000. In the bee family
alone there are thirty-one genera
known in California, while in the New
Jersey list only twenty species were
enumerated. In these twenty-one
genera there are in the neighborhood
of one hundred species.
Professor ./oodworth is also prepar
ing a complete bibliography of all the
works in the university library refer
ring to California entomology. This
list will show every reference made in
any book or magazine to the insects of
this State. The list will be invaluable
to students of entomology.
Professor Woodworth's catalogue of
California insects will probably not be
ready for publication for some months.
The list will undoubtedly be eagerly
sought by entom jlogists all over the
United States, as the famous New
Jersey report was much prized.
SOME HOT FIGHTING.
Joe Cotton and Billy Gallagher Fight
Eight Bounds to a Draw.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 3.— There
was some furious figlUing at the Acme
Club to-night, and, although the main
event ended in a draw, it was only af
ter eight rounds of good work that sat
isfied everybody.
The fight between Joe Cotton, the col
ored man, and Billy Gallagher of Hay
wards was the main event, and Lon
Agnew's decision was very fair and
•was well received. Both' men were cau
tious, and each realized that his oppo
nent meant business.
The result proved that an eight
round go is too short a contest for
two evenly matched men, and on this
point there was the usual dissatisfac
tion. Chief Lloyd, however, refuses to
allow 'ten rounds, and until he does
there can be no relief.
Both Cotton and Gallagher started
out with caution, and but very few
blows were passed in the first five
rounds. After that Lon Agnew remind
ed the men that he would like to give
a decision and they started to fight
more earnestly. The last two rounds
were particularly lively, and both tried
hard to find an opening that would end
matters, but it did not come, and al
though Gallagher had the best of the
last round there was not enough dif
ference between them to give a de
cision.
There were some preliminary bouts,
the most lively being that between
Tommy Sharkey and Cotton's trainer,
Smith. It was all Sharkey's fight, but
it was not for a decision.
— — ♦ — ♦ — •
JUSTICE AND LAW COMBINED.
ix Supreme Court Order in the Old
Meyer Divorce Case.
Supreme Court Commissioner Hayne
has written an opinion in the divorce
case of Louis Meyer against his wife. Ma
tilda, in which justice as well as law Out
a prominent figure. Meyer is a pilot, con
siderably past middle life, and the couple
were married in 1878. One sor. was the
issue of the marriage. The di\ orce mat
ter was taken into court nearly eight
years ago, and the Judge ordered that
Meyer pay his wife $125 a month alimony
and $200 attorney fees. This order was
no doubt made on the Judge s belief in
the truth of the woman's statement mat
the pilot was making $300 a month and
that she was without resources, and that
he did not contribute to the support of
their son, then 12 years of age When
the Supreme Court got hold of the case
on an appeal from this order the Com
missioner found that there was another
side to the matter.
It seems that shortly after the marriage
of the couple, her father gave Mrs. Meyer
a valuable house and lot on Van in ess
avenue worth over $30,000, and from
which she realized $135 a month rental.
After the suit was begun she transferred
the house back to her father, without
consideration, although her brother col
lected the rent and gave it to her. As to
Mevwr the Commissioner found that he is
now getting old, and instead of maKing
$500 a month he is only averaging $300.
Out of this he is paying several old bills
on the installment plan and. being sick
a ereat deal of the time, after paying
the doctor bills there is very little left.
With these facts in view, the Supreme
Court directed that the order of the lower
court be modified, so that instead of the
nilot paying the woman $125 he would
have to pay her only $60. In me opinion
the Commissioner saia that it was not
right that the woman should impose so
heavy a burden on Meyer, especially
where she was drawing a rental of $135
and where she transferred her real estate
without consideration in order to defend
this action. _
IMPOSED ON THE PUBLIC.
Well-to-Do Oakland Beggars £lj
Their Trade in This City.
Abraham Smith, a half-blind man, and
his daughter, Julia, who is about 13 years
of age, were arrested Wednesday at the
instigation of Secretary Parnell of the
Socioty for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children. The father was charged with
cruelty to children and the girl was regis
tered en route to some public institution.
Back of these two records there is a his
tory familiar to many of the people of
Oakland. It is true the family has been
very unfortunate. Smith and his fathar
are both blind; one girl, 18 years of ag°,
is a cripple, and a son has been sent to
one of the reform schools. The people of
Oakland had considerable sympathy for
the family, and allowed Abraham the
privilege of selling small articles on the
streets without the payment of the usual
license, which was equivalent to begging.
In fact, the children were used for beg
ging.
While this business was very profitable,
it was also demoralizing, for it resulted
in the boy getting into bad ways and
gambling like an old sport. When the
Oaklanders realized that their intended
kindness was not having the desired re
sults they withdrew the free license, it
being well established that the family
had acquired some means. Smith was
equal to the occasion, and he at once
came to this city and made application
for an indigenfs license. He got it by
simply stating that his address was 004
Jackson street, but he omitted to add that
it was Jackson street. Oakland. For
some time the old man and his daughter
have been coming across the bay on com
mutation tickets and begging from house
to house in the residence parts of the
city. Considering the imposition and the
fact that the children are going to the
bad, the society decided to have the of
ficers put a stop to Smith carrying on
this business any longer.
ORDERS FOR INSPECTION.
Issued Yesterday From the Division
Headquarters of the National
Guard.
Late yesterday afternoon Major-Gene
ral Dickinson issued orders for the in
spections to be held soon in the National
Guard.
These orders fix the inspection of the
Second Brigade between March 12 and
April 4, of the First Brigade between
April 4 and April 20, and of the Third
Brigade between April 20 and May 15.
The Naval Militia will be inspected at
such time prior to June 1 as shall be
designated by the captain commanding
that branch of the service, and the Sani
tary Corps shall be inspected prior to
June 1, at such time as snail be desig
nated by the proper officer.
Each brigade will be inspected by the
brigade inspector and the Naval Militia
by the captain thereof or some one desig
nated for that purpose.
The inspectors will provide themselves
with previous inspection reports, and in
the one they are to make they shall note
changes. Prior to inspections the inspec
tors will have to make answer in writing
to certain questions which will be pro
pounded.
The major-general directs that the In
spection of officers and men shall be at
night, and that of the property shall be
by day, and that these must be conducted
with proper care and attention, and that
the reports must be intelligent expres
sions of the condition of men and prop
erty, for upon proper reports depends the
placing of the National Guard in a con
dition of efficiency.
The orders also contain the information
that the division headquarters will be
hereafter at the office of the major-gene
ral in the Mills building, instead of the
Baldwin Hotel.
The fact that the major-general issues
orders for the inspection of the Naval
Militia is believed to mean that that
branch of the service, which some time
ago was removed from the jurisdiction of
Major-General James, has been restored
to the division command.
NEW BLOOD INFUSED.*
The Board of Trade Takes Up the
Alaska Committee's Work.
The formal transfer of the office, funds,
affairs and business of the Alaska Trade
Committee to the State Board of Trade
took place yesterday at a meeting of the
committee and the representative] of the
State body. The transfer consisted of
about $500 in cash, enough outstanding as
sets to increase ihnt amount to nearly
$1000, fixtures and a lot of valuable printed
matter. The chairman of the committee
will retain enough money to make good
all bills, of which there are but few, for
the board's agreement was that it should
be exempt from all liabilities.
Secretary Filcher says that his first ef
forts will ibe to infuse , some spirit - Into
the movement and convince the oufside
world that San Francisco is the best
outfitting port on the Pacific Coast for
those who will start in the spring for the
gold fields of the Yukon and Klondike.
His first movement will be to start out
able canvassers to collect the funds now
due the old committee and bring other
subscribers into the. movement. He has
already made arrangements for an able
corps of assistants to attend to the cleri
cal work and answer correspondence, for
there are hundreds of letters to answer
every day from people who are going to
the north and want information as to the
best routes and the cost of making prep
arations for the trip.
The next move will be to install the
exhibit now at the Miners' Fair in Its
old quarters at the foot of Market street,
where it was before. This will be done
next week, when the fair closes. Mr.
rilcher expects to have a more extensive
exhibit than there was. before. While
this is being put in place the board will
branch out in a new direction. Past ex
perience indicates that there are thou
sands of people in the Eastern and Midd!.<3
States who are desirous of getting all
possible information about Alaska and
the best ways and means of reaching that
land of promise. In order to direct the
attention of these, Mr. Filcher will adver
tise in all the prominent papers of the
Middle States, Invite correspondence . and
furnish the desired information in the
shape of printed matter. No . pains or
money will be spared to prove the truth
of the assertion that this city is the best
on the coast for ou—Uing purposes.
Particular attention will be paid to
gathering all the latest news of the move
ments .of steamers and sailing vessels
bound for the -norih, as well as every
taing that people want to know. In dis
cussing the future of the work in hand,
Mr. Filcher said that as soon as. the ferry
building is ready the fine exhibit of
the State Board of • Trade, now at the
Mining Fair, will be moved into its new
quarters on the second floor, near the
main entrance. This done, the Alaska
wing of the board will also be moved into
the main building, the two exhibits being
so arranged as to be equally attractive.
The Women's Press Association.
Shasta Hall of Native Sons' building
was filled with a% appreciative audience
last Monday afternoon at the open meet
ing of the Women's Press Association.
The subject of conversation was "Recent
Archaeological Discoveries in Greece,"
and it was introduced by Miss Mary Ellis
of the faculty of Mills College. She gave
the history of the schools of research in
Greece, which are American, English,
German and French, and told of their ac
complishments in the way of excavation,
discovery and study, also describing in a
very entertaining manner the places de
picted by a series of large photographs
which sho exhibited.
The musical portion of the programme
was furnished by Mme. Guido Spitzy as
eoloist, accompanied by Professor Zili
ani on the piano and Miss Knox oii the
violin, the selections bein£ j?lnsutl's
"Book ot Prayer," and as an encore Mas
cheronl's "For All Eternity."
County Leitrim Social Club.
At a special meeting of the County
Leltrim Social Club held at Drew"s Hall
last Friday it was decided to celebrate
St. Patrick's day In true Irish fashion by
a grand reunion at the Chutes.
A large sum was voted for a display
of fireworks appropriate to the occasion,
and the following committee was ap
pointed to make necessary arrangements:
Daniel Twf-edie, R. J. O'Reilly, William
Gilheany, M. J. noran, P. C. Morton and
M. M. McGushin.
Caught a Stray Carrier.
A. Meniscaler and D. Strauzla. two Ital
ian fishermen, captured a carrier pigeon
In an exhausted condition about a mile
out from the Cliff House yesterday morn
ing. The bird had a band around its
leg with the letters O. R. R. engraved
upon it.
Supervisors Have Been Invited.
The State Board of Trade has sent an
invitation to the Board of Supervisors to
be present at a meeting at the Mechanics'
Pavilion on the Bth inst., when the pro
ject of having a California exhibit at the
Paris Exposition in 1900 will be consid
ered.
To Cure a Cold In One Day.
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund th» money If It fails to cure.
25c. The genuine has L. B. Q. on each tablet
AUCTION SALES.
P. J. BARTH, AUCTIONEER.
THIS DAY.
FRIDAY • — March 4. 1898.
' At 11 o'clock a. m., at •
No. 1032 McAllister Street,
THE NEW STOCK OF ABOVE STORE,
Consisting of Crockery, Tin and Agateware,
Hardware. Notions. Shelving and Counters;
also at 2 o'clock p. - m. at the same place the
Modern Furniture and Carpets of four rooms.
Sale without limit. DEALERS ATTENTION.
ADOLPH SUTRO'S ESTATE.
Emma Laura Merritt Has Filed a
Petition to Sell a Portion of the
Real Estate.
Emma Laura Merritt. guardian of the
person and estate of Adolph Sutro, ap
plied to the courts yesterday for permis
sion to sell a sufficient portion of the in
competent millionaire's property to admit
of a complete settlement of all his liabili
ties.
Mrs. Merritt. in her petition, states that
Mr. Sutro's obligations amount to about
$700,000, and she asks permission to dis
pose of the real estate in her charge, as
great loss would result In event an ef
fort was made to recover sufficient funds
on the personal property belonging to
her ward.
The largest liabilities against Mr. Su
tro's name are: Notes secured by mort
gages held by the Hibernia Bank, ag
gregating $516,200; notes secured by mort
gages held by the Nevada Bank, amount
ing to $110,000, and unpaid taxes scheduled
at $10,000.
All persons interested in the estate of
Adolph Sutro have, in consequence of the
petition, been summoned to appear in
Department 7 of the Supreme Court on
April 4, when the matter will be heard.
BOTH SIDES ARE LAUGHING.
The Controversy Between the Audi
tor and Mayor Rests for the
Present.
The Mayor's oh.cc was Inclined ■"-ester
day to ridicule the stand made by Audi
tor Broderick on the question of scnool
funds, after it had read his published
communication, lc was claimed taat
while he stated that certain sections of
the law has been superseded by others,
he had not given facts sufficient to show
that such was the case, it was decided
to le.t the matter rest as it is -or the
present, however.
Auditor Broderick was also in a laugh
ing mood, and offered to brinr yet moro
law to prove that he had the right end
of the case.
Smuggled Cigars Seized.
Customs Inspectors Henrichs and Mc-
Bride, while searching the Doric yester
day, seized 1650 Manilla High Life cigars,
which they found in a locker in the quar
termaster's rooms. No one on board tha
vessel claimed ownership of the weeds,
and they will be sold in due time to tha
highest bidder.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, March 8.
Stmr Samoa, Jahnsen, 24 hours from Eureka,
bound south; put in to land passengers.
Schr Ocean Spray, Sorensen, 8 days from
Iversens Landing.
Schr Archie and Fontie, Colstrup, I days from
Stewarts Point. . _
Schr Five Brothers, Jensen, 48 hours from
Bihlers Point.
Schr Maxim, Olsen, 7 days from Caspar.
SAILED.
Wednesday. March 8.
Stmr Tillamook, Doran, Dyea via Seattle.
Stmr Alex Duncan, Shea. Southern <"V<aat.
/^V' Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
M**tmJm (125 UKAR> V ST. Established
tt*llrWmk In 1834 for the treatment of Privata
IB ifSti-flfiffff Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
SfISSHn disease wearing on bodyand mind and
iiTfflffl ffltnlnw Skin Diseases. Tho doctor cures when
3B ■ others fall. Try him. Charges low.
■<urrii|;narant<-«'(l. Call or write.
Dr. J. F. «. IBBOX. Bex 1987. 5 an Francisco.
_ OCEAN TBAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CO.
Steamers leave Broadway wharf, JS^,
San Francisco: JrSjflSlE
■ For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m., March 2. 7, 12,
17 22, 27. April 1. Transferred at Seattle.
For Alaskan ports (from Spear street
wharf), 10 a. m., March 2, 6, 10. 14, 18, 22, 26,
30. Transferred at Portland, Or.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send Seattle, Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes and
New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a. m., March 2, 7.
12 17 22 27, and every fifth day thereafter,
connecting at Seattle with company's steam-
ers for Alaska and G. N. Ry., at Tacoma with
N P Ry-. at Vancouver with C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m..
March 3, 9, 15, ■ 21, 27, and every sixth day
For Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon.
Cayucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo),
Gaviota. Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hiieneme,
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m., March 2. 6, 10, 14. 13, 22, 20.
30 and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Aneroids), 11
Tm. March 4, 8. 12, 16, 20, 24, 28. and every
fourth day thereafter. _ ■ ' \"_
. For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Pa*, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaynias (Mex.), 10 a. m., March 8,
April 3, an 2d of each month thereafter.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
anil hnurs of sallinc. . - . .
TICKET OFFICE— Palace Hotel, 4 New
Montgomery street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agts.,
10 Market street. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
- From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADP *'2 First Class Including Berth
rAnE $ 8 second Class and Meals.
' SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California.... Mar. 2. 10. 18, 28
Columbia Mar. 6, 14. 22, 30
Through Tickets and Through Baggage to all
Eastern Points. Rates and Folders Upon Ap-
plication to ■ •■ •
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market it.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
■ . Superintendents. ■
f" '' Nil til •S. S. ZEALANDIA.
flEQH|l:for HONOLULU only,
•f «■■• Saturday, March 12. at
y™^~^ 2 p. m. Special party
"^rne S. S. mo ana
QXCdllljlil}/ p a ii via Honolulu and
■ /n(llR7l!7l L > Aucklnnd for Sydney
\WI!l(JUiwj Wednesday, March 23.
- - - ■ • •- at 2 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
Td* SPRECXELS* BROS. CO, Agent,. .
j. v. or." 114 Montgomery street.
; Freight Office— 327 Market st- San Francisco.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantiqtie.
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new) 42 North >-M»*
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers <^LILO>
by this line avoid both transit by *"^^"^ "
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
The channel in a small boat. -New. York to
Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first class $180;
rA°GAIcOGNE- March 12. IP a. m.
LA NORMANPIE March 19. 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE :. Ma ,, 2 S 10 a.m.
LA BOURGOGNE • «• Apr 2. 10 a. m.
LA BRETAGNE April 9. 10 a. m.
For further particulars applv^ A(tent ,
No. 3, Bowling Green. New York.
! J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents. 5 Montgomery
aye.. San : Francisco. ■ '* ' ". ■ ■■'■'■:-,
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3. .Washington St.. at 8
- .-._••. -,w - -■■.-.•■ p. m. Dally. ■
FREIGHT RECEIVED UP. TO 5:30 P. M.
Accommodations reserved by telephone.. •
The only line selling through tickets and giv-
ing through freight rates to all points on the
Valley Railroad. sTEAMEns: ;..
T• C WALKER. . CITY OF STOCKTON.
MART G ARRATT. ■ J. D. PETERS.
Telephone Main SO5. Cal. Nay. and Inapt. Co.
for San Jose, Los Gatos & Santa Cruz
■ : steamer Alvlso leaves ! Pier ' 1 daily (Sundays
excepted) at 10 a. m. Alviso daily (Saturdays
'excepted) at 5 p. m. Freight and Passengers.
Fare between San Francisco; and Alviso. 50c;
to San Jose, 73c. Clay street. Pier 1. 41 North
First street. San Jose. - .:;--■.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJOi
Steamer " Monticello" ;
Will lte up to -receive new boiler and general
overhauling on February 1, '■-' and - resume - her
route on March 10. HATCH BROS.
1112
GENTLEMEN
RIDERS OUT
Alvarado, Cleverly Piloted
by Mr. Dunphy, Won
in a Gallop.
Miss Lynah, the Only Favorite
of Six, to Meet With
Defeat.
Corrigan Horses Drew Down Three
Purses— Geyser Too Fast for
Paul Griggs.
The race for gentlemen riders at In
gleside yesterday proved a refreshing
relief from the everyday hum-drum i
purse affairs, and it is understood that
in the. near future the track across the
bay will offer a cup to be contested for
by non-professionals. There was a i
long delay at the post and the amateur
horsemen furnished some rare amuse
ment for the stable boys, spectators
and the "profesh" in general. This was j
about all that could be seen of the race,
for a fog bank came rolling in from the |
SOME INCIDENTS pF THE GENTLEMEN'S RACE AT INGLESIDE.
ocean, completely enveloping the field
after Starter Caldwell sent the horses
away.
The first of the series of races for
the cup. which has tn be won three
times by the same rider before it be
comes his property, was captured by
Mr. Skinner on Wawona, and that gen
tleman's mount in yesterday's race,
Dick Behan, went to the post equal fa
vorite with the Hildreth pair, Alvarado
and Benamela, ridden respectively by
Charley Dunphy and Hugh Hume.
Walter J, with Henry Forsland in the
saddle, was chock full of his circus an
tuF. and varied the monotony of the
delay at the post by doing a three step
polka, which terminated with Mr.
Forsland landing with more or less
force on the southern side of his riding
breeches up against the outside wjre
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB— Ingleside Track— lO6th day of the
Winter Meeting. Thursday. March 3. 1898. Weather fine. Track
FIRST RACE— Three and a half furlongs; maiden two-year-olds; purse. $350.
•
[ndex.
J ' i
663 Ach 114 3
670 Racivan :...108 1
642 Odd Eyes 111! *
... Zacatoso 118 2
670 Wrinkles 108 6
683 Ellen Wood 108 : 5
670 Gilberto 115,7
863 Complimentary 108 *
' 2 4
: 1 2
4 h
3 2
6 6
5 h
; 7
2 3V 2
1 «4
5 2',-i
3 1
6 5
4 <A
7
1 2\k T. Sloan
2 2 H. Martin ...
'■!■ L" 2 Thorpe
4 2 W. Miller ....
5 4 |Cameron
6 5 I Van Kuren ..
7 Powell
... JG. Wilson ...
1
4
3
25
£.0
50
100
30
4-3
4
3
40
100
50
150
75
Time, :44. Winner, E. Corrigan's b. c. by Emperor of Norfolk-imp. Merrimac. Good
■start. Won easily.
1 SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; selling;
; purse, $350.
Lndex.
6c.6 Fortunate. 4 lOSi 2 ... 4 4 1 4 1 11 jConley | 4 7
633 Valeneienne, 3 SB' 6 ... 3 2 2 1 lh 2n iCVConnor .... 30 20
671 Highland Ball. 3... H3j 4 ... 6S 614 5 3 3 6 jHoli»es ; 6 10
61S \bina 3 90,1 ... 1V 2 3 I'^ 3h 4h iClawson 10 12
63Sf Miss Lynah. 5 104 j 3 ... 2 n In 2 2 5 3 Thorpe ! 4-f, 13-20
fi3'< S< art I'ln 4 S»7 7 ... 7 7 7 6 5 'Jray i 10 10
Blarney Stone. 3... 5 ... 5 h 6 6 6 5 7 J. w v ... s 12
Time, 1:14 V Winner, B. C. Holiy"s br. c by Fordham-Fortunate. Fair start. Won
easily.
_r»<DO THIRD RACE — One mile; four-year-olds and upward; gentlemen riders; purse, $500.
ex.
lr.
I
Sol Alvarado 11, 5 152) S
662 William 08, 6 133 5
672 Walter J, 5 132 9
«72 Daylight. E Ifi2 4
188 Dick nehan. 6 ISB 6
(R64) Benamela, 5 155 7
S7E Don Fulano, a 152! 1
620 Metaire. 5 152 2
634 Foremost. 6 152 I
•
•
•
•
1 10
2 h
3 Mr I
4 Vi !
■:"■ ■•5.-',
6 j
7
I
9__J
|Mr. Dunphy..! 4 5-2
Mr. Gamnge..: SO tn
Mr. Foreland. 8 20
Mr. Sink Jr... 6 5
Mr. Skinner.. 4 5-2
Mr. Hume i •• ••
Mr. Simpkins 5-2 D
Mr. Halnes... 30 60
(Mr. Hobart... 6 20
• Fog. •• Coupled with Alvarado.
Time, 1:46. Winner, S. <J. Hildreth's eh. g. by Amigo-Santa Margarita.
Won cleverly.
Fair start.
(CJjUQ FOURTH RACE— Five furlongs;
In.lex.~~ "HorsesT Weight7jst~ \m. ~j
; purse, $350.
:r.
648 Trolley, 4 1041..
480 Belllcoao, 6 113 ..
675 Pat Murphy, 6 11'!.. .
(636) •'aesarian, 6 1U ..
673 Roy Carruthers, 4.. 106 ..
•
•
•
1 2>4
2 1
3 h
4 15
6
T.
oioan
hervllle ...
twson
3-5 3-5
5 7
25 40
2 11-5
100 300
orpe
Idy
• Fog.
Time, 1:11 V Winner, W. B. Jennings & Co. 'B b. f. by imp. Martenhurst-May H. Won
cleverly. Second and third driving.
C*QA ' FIFTH RACE— One and an eighth miles; selling;
OOTT» purse, $350.
four-year-olds and upward;
Index.
(672) Satyr. 4 104;..
605 Palomaeita, 5 1 >:; . .
672 Red Glenn, a 10S|..
630 Tulare. 4 109 ..
«7. : , Treachery. 5 110..
672 Pleasanton. 4 101 [..
1 M
6
3 h
51 « "
4 \h
2%
•
•
•
•
1 IV4
2 %.
3 %
4 1
5
6
". Sloan
'horpe
I ray
Veaver
1
2
6
15
6
60
6-5
9-5
10
25
6
100
hlelds
JcNlchols ...
• Fog.
Time, 1:57.
easily.
Winner, E. Corrigan's b. c. by Lew Weir-Seclusion.
Good start.
Won
_f»Q£^ SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
(673) Geyser. 4 11
(606) Paul Grlggs, 4 1
591 Mercutio, 4 L
608 Elsmore. 3.. !<
•
•
*
' *
...
•
1 1
2 10
3 12
4
T. Sloan
I>orspy
1-3 1-3
3 13-:.
30 30
30 100
[Conley
Thorpe
• Fog.
Time, 1:
Winner, E. Corrigan's b. c. by Ben All-Hot Springs. Good start. Won
fence, the latter fortunately escaping
with little injury. He pluckily re
mounted with a face full of determin
ation and dust, and eventually got the
unruly actor in third.
William OB behaved so wretchedly
with Mr. Gamage that had an accident
insurance company solicitor been pres
ent he might have collected a good
sized premium. Walter Hobart drew
Foremost, and the horse was pos
sessed with fully as much speed as his
previous mount, Our Climate. Once
away, Charley Dunphy shot to the
front with Alvarado, and it was a
cake walk for the erratic gelding,
which issued from the fog bank ten
lengths in front.
In a drive Mr. Gamage got William
OB in a head before Walter J. At the
start Frank Skinner was bumped into
by Don Fulano and was never promi
nent William OB returned to the
stand riderless, his pilot having dis
mounted to collect some broken stir
rups «7tllie Sink's mount. Daylight,
pot mixed up with a bunch of figures,
and when looking a certainty for the
place was beaten out for even show
honors.
The favorites were successful In
nearly every instance, Miss Lynah be
ing the only disgraced choice, finishing
behind the money entirely. Ed Corri
gan's horses secured three purses.
Ach the Corrigan entry in the three
and one-half furlong scramble for two
year-olds, a 4 to 5 favorite in the bet
ting, made a runaway race of it, win
ning eased up to a walk. Racivan took
the place from Odd Eyes.
"Long Shot" Conley's good judgment
wrrn the six furlong sprint that fol
lowed for Fortunate. Thorpe, on the
favorite. Miss Lynah, raced out in front
with Valencienne, and was all out at
the head of the stretch. Conley then
came along with Fortunate, winning
easily from the latter filly. The win-
ncr was as good as 8 to 1 in the bet- |
ting.
Trolley, the 3 to E favorite, ridden by
Sioan, led her field out. with little to
spare. Bellicopo finished ahead of Pat
Murphy for the place.
The mile and a furlong went to Satyr,
the Conigan entry, with Sloan up, and
a 6 to 5 favorite. Palomacita, second
choice, secured the place from Red
Glenn.
Geyser, the C<-rrigan horse, was a 1
to 3 choice for the final seven furlong
run. and downed Paul Griggs cleverly
at the end.
TO-DAY'S ENTRIES.
The pntrlei 5 for this afternoon's running
events are as follows:
Firj=t Race— One mile: maidens; purse.
494 Malnlaquet 107; ... Terra Cyoha....lW
1L M < Sitlas I 0» 494 Fanta Clara ...107
bti'.t l)urwarfl 10? j 617 Rockefeller 109
617 Ja\ Wheeler.... 109 469 Twinkle Twlnk.lo7
124 Whirlwind 11... 107 j
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 4, 1898.
Second Race— Three-quarter* of a mile; sell
"24 Formella 05 633 Allie Belle 95
664 Moringa 97 202 Punter 95
6fio Novla 'JB I 668 Bonnie lone .... 95
668 Rio Frlo 071 (310)Prompto 100
Third Race— Half mile; two-year-olds.
63S Lobos 11l (642)Formera 118
Mossbrae 11l (t>63)Prlmavera 10S
(6SO)Ach 1111 6TO Gold Scratch ...111
Fourth Race— One mile; gelling.
632 Gallant 109 594 Serena 107
671 Refugee 114 643 Soniro 105
332 Masoero 109 611 Rey del Tierra.loß
664 Veragua 10y 632 All Smoke 107
619 Mamie Scot ....107 672 Fashion Plate. .loß
617 Pollock 10!* (544)Claudlana 103
Fifth Race— Three-quarters of a mile; sell
ing.
<689)Callente 1121 <665)Sybarll 100
(619)Montallade IDS I 631 Hurly Burly ... So
619 Zamar II 107 1 (81S)Chihuahua 97
644 Hermoso 100; i667)Bunita 95
Sixth Race— One and a sixteenth miles;
handicap.
671 Ostler Joe 119 1 679* Glorlan 92
(649)Greyhurst 106 1 671 Refugee 90
653 Fonsovannah .. 99 j
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First Race— Twinkle Twlnk, Rockefeller,
Terra Cycha.
Second Race— Punter, AUle Belle, Moringa.
Third Race— Ach, Primavera. Fornaella.
Fourth Race— Serena, Rey del Tierra, Mamie
Scott.
Fifth race— Hurly Burly. Callente, Montal
lade.
Sixth Race— Greyhurst, Ostler Joe, Fonso-
vannah.
EXPLOSION OF A BOILER.
A Serious Accident Is Narrowly
Averted at the County Hospital.
The boiler in the engine room of the
County Hospital burst yesterday auer
noon the entire dome being carried away
by the explosion. The boiler had been in
use in the building almost since the o.d
structure was erected and it was long
ago condemned, -ac engineer and fire
man were the only persons in the room
at the time, and i..pv narrowly escaped
Injury from the shattered fragments of
the boiler and the scalding water. The
laundry connected with me hospital had
to be closed. \, . t*e sufficient hot water
will be procured for the needs of the pa
tients is now puzzling the hospiu. uoc
tors. The superintendent of the hospital
has repeatedly called the attention of the
supervisors to the defective condition of
the boiler, but owing to an alleged de
ficiency of the necessary funds no atten
tion was paid to it.
CAST ASPERSIONS
ON THE BENCH
An Unwarranted Attack Made
on the Superior
Judges.
Presiding Judge Belcher Replies on
Behalf of Himself and the
Bench.
A morning paper of this city made
an attack yesterday on the integrity
of the Superior Judges concerning
the manner in which trial jurors are \
selected. It charged that the Judges
"seem to set the statute aside as un- .
constitutional or to read it in a broad,
unlimited sense," and that the most of
them have intrusted to James W. (\>f
froth, their secretary, the work re- j
quired of them by law relative to the \
selection of available citizens to serve
as term jurors. A similar unwarranted
attack was made by the same paper
several years ago, as is attested by the
following letter from Presiding Judge >
Belcher, who speaks not alone for him
self but for the other members of the
bench:
To the Editor of The Call: The Examiner
of to-day contained an article upon the se
lection of jurors by the Judges headed. "One
Man Power In Jury-making. Secretary Cof
froth Intrusted With the Selection of Names."
The article does the Judges an injustice, and
i as the information is wrong ami misleading
\ the Judges will be obliged if you publish the
following correction.
The Judges have In no instance left the se
lection of the jurors to their secretary, Mr.
o.fTpith, or to any .>iht>r person. To the con
[ trary in every instance they have personally
! selected the jurors. The Judges have not taken
| the position that they can select the names
of Jurors in accordance with the statute by
I leaving the work to their secretary; on the con
i trary, they have always been of the opinion
; that It was their duty to select the jurors
j themselves, and they have always acted ac
cordingly with no exception.
The secretary does not place or replace the
name of any Juror In the list of Jurors selected.
The selecton of the jurors by the Judges oc
cupies all the month of January in each year,
and the Judges invariably give to the matter
tbeir best attention, and In no instance has
any person had anything to do with the selec
tion of the Jurors save the Judges themselves.
In selecting jurnrs it is the custom of the
Judges to use great caution, and if there Is any
doubt as to the fitness of any person to serve
his name is rejected.
An article to the same effect as to the article
referred to was published in the same paper a
few years ago. and the truth of Its statements
then denied by the Judges.
Presiding Judge of the Superior Court.
March 3, IS9R.
■ ♦ ■
I HOTEL ARRIVALS.
BALDWIN HOTEL.
I- E Wood, San Jose 'Mrs A Shrieby, Wash
C H Ball. Chicago MrR A Anderson, Wash
E L Paget & w, N V !j C Pierson, Sacto
X W Rose, San BernariH L Hinman, Cal
T Clements. Chicago Mrs H L Hinman, Cal
W J Lock wood. N V Tully, Stockton
E Cohn, Lor Angeles Mrs J Stalcup, Spokan
F E Jones. Nevada ] Mrs E Balfour, B C
F M Ryan. Cal |F M Ryan, Llnora
J Sullivan, Santa Cruz F J Morse, Portland
S Tate, Sacto i H Sterge, Dlxon
D Label & w. X V \V J La Charite. N T
J Dowdell. St Helena IJ M Buckwlth, Cal
P C Brock. Alameda I Miss A Starke, Cal
E Mitchell. San Jose Mlas Townsend, Wash
G Myer, Fresno '
PALACE HOTEL.
J MeFadden. Sa Clara F D Heffron, NT
G Duhn, San Diego Mrs FI) Heffron. N T
J Sommervllle, Or L H Bigl<>«\ N I
F A West, Stockton Miss Biglow, NY
F H Green. Sn Rafael Master Biglow, N V
J Ludes, Chicago Miss Dalley, NY
W H Maloney. N V Dr S C Donovan. N D
W A Maloney, N V Mrs Donovan. N D
X H Haman, Md T B Wilcox. Portland
L J Parks, Tex Mrs T B Wilcox. Ptld
Mrs Li J Parks Tex E T Wallace. Yreka
G E Line. Detroit \ C Travis, Belmont
Mrs G E Lane, Detroit F S Ackerman. Yreka
H D Waters. N V Mrs H E Mitchell. Or
Mrs H D Waters N V R V Davis. Stanford
Mrs R R HefTord' N V J W Dermody, Stanfrd
F W Briggs, Ny- h C Nelson. England
H Lyman. Paris S T St George Cary,
Miss Miller, Eng-land London
J J Ransom, lowa Geo Krelhn, Stanford
Mrs .7 J Ransom lowa T Flint Jr. San Juan
Mr * c ,L, L Knight. Ind Dr W S Taylor. Cal
F \V Gordon. NY AC Kuhn. San Jose
Miss Eaton, NY J Tralnor & w. N V
Miss Monroe. Conn E H Goldner, El Paso
Miss Perry, Conn
GRAND HOTEL.
C F Fleming. g Jose Dr T D Tyrrell. Sacto
G C Roffner. Prescott J A Mclntyre. Sacto
J H Mansfield. Red C B Durstan. Oroville
J D Brandley, Merced E W Clark. Butte
E J Brown. Boston T L Douglfts, B C
B A Worthington.SMto R A Douglass, B C
R P Grubb. Cal j s McKee. Boston
F H Heyer, Cal Mrs M J Gumour. B C
J A Adler. Cal Mrs M McLana, N V
, B rv Evans ' Oakland Mrs J H Sale. 11l
J J Delaney S Barbara H Ruhey. Mokem Hill
E S Hooper. Denver S C Triet?. Cal
B B Hill & w. Pa C E Lindsay. Sta Cruz
M E '"adwallarjer. Pa H B Griffith, N V
J A Falrfleld. rhgo W H Hilton. Cal
P E Aokert. NY F L Coombs, Napa
W F Burger, w & d, J R Miller & w. Hldsb
New York X Walker. London
S Grant. Boston H J Miller, I'tah
H G Steel, Pa Dr R S Knode. Omaha
N H Jack & w. Stktn|F Funke, Nebr
J P Snyder, Stockton C Erickson. S L Obßno
Mrs W Cameron. Mllpt | Mrs Worthing. Stktn
B S Hayne. S Barbara iC A Palmer, L Angeles
v A Driscoll, L Angls G D Vi orswick, S Jose
F D Duncan. Reno P D Beardslee & w,Mh
W P Townsend Holstr
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
C Iberg. Saeto ij Brown, Cal
P Finnely, Buffalo J R Fox, San Jose
A Nlppert, Menturn |C R Lannigan. Fresno
J Haes, Dixon jj McMahon Vallejo
P J Frederick. Seattle \c M Smith, Santa Cruz
F Fober. Lockford M Holdsworth, Nev
J Holland. Deming |C Randall & w, Cal
Miss D Hordine, Neb IG P Helbrun, Chicago
W Fulma, Cal E E Peck. Cal
E Qulnn, Cal W E Odell, Illinoll
W Wilson, Contra Cost
SAIN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
B9 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
£261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street; open until 0:30 o'clock.
N. W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K. «t^e
T., Masonic Temple, Post and Mont- **
gomery sts.— Regular assembly I"*'* jupj
(FRIDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o clock. <^
Order of Red Cross. All f raters are courte-
ously invited." _
SIR JOHN P. FRASER. Em. Com.
SIR HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
YERBA Buena Lodge of Perfection No.
I— Stated meeting THIS (FRIDAY) W
EVENING, March 4. at 8 o'clock. A
GEORGE J. HOUR, Jgh.
Secretary. KBStf
HARMONY Lodge No. 13, I. O. O. <£&£**&;,
F-— The officers and the funeral 'JJQICjr
committee of the above lodge are -^E3»-'^s-
hereby notified to assemble at Odd "'"
Fellows' Hall, cor. Market and Seventh sts.,
on SUNDAY. March 6. at 1 o'clock p. m.. for
the purpose of attending the funeral of our
late brother. HENRY JONES. By order
CHARLES QUAST, Financial Secretary.
HARMONY Lodge No. 9, A. O. U. W.— v >&&&>
Officers and members are requested jugate
to assemble TO-DAY (Friday) at 12^|.
o'clock sharp to attend the funeral or
our late brother. FREDERICK KOHLLR,
from the undertaking parlors, 2. and 29
Fifth st. W. V FRANCIS; M. W.
1) McSWEENEY, Recorder.
TRIUMPH Lodge No. ISO. A. O. U. W. *<$&£.
Officers and members are hereby "";r.«-gg
tifled to meet at your hall at 10:30 W«£j>
a. m.. FRIDAY, March 4, IMS, for the V^s""
purpose of attending the funeral of our late
brother, • ANTONO TRIAY. CATTRAN
OSCAR FORSBERG. J. H. CATTRAN.
Master Workman, -. - .. . ■■■■■' R. P. K.
REGULAR meeting of the Caledonia v %7 $t,
Club THIS EVENING at 8 o'clock. qV, UJi]
Business of importance. in regard to 'wa»
the coming picnic will be brought • Z-^k
up. Scottish Hall, 111 Larkln st.
JOHN REID. Chief
JAMES H. DUNCAN, Sec.
THE managers of the vißfr**.
Golden Jubilee Mining J^jjf^tfjAJm%
tended an invitation to
the members of the So- jffSrHHMi
neers to attend the Fair
on FRIDAY, March 4. 1898. Tickets can be
obtained by applying to i
J. I. SPEAR, Secretary.
EUREKA Grove No. 4. U. A. O. I). —The »fto
officers and the funeral committee of the qffg
above grove are hereby notified to as- -=-"•
spmble at Druids' Hall. 413 Sutter St.. on
SUNDAY, March 6, at 1 o'clock p. m., for the
purpose of attending the funeral of our iate
brother, HENRY JONES. By order
CHARLES QUAST, Secretary.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any . address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 SO, postage
free. «»»«»
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ANIMALS, birds and reptiles bought, sold
and exchanged. Address FRANK C. BOS-
TOCK, the Zoo, San Francisco.
THEY are closing out underwear, hosiery,
gloves, corsets, veiling, yarns, laces, cur-
tains, bed spreads, table covers, towels, flan-
nels, etc., very cheap at the Pioneer Dry
Goods Store. IPS Fifth st. ]
MRS. SHELDON, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. '.'i"i Market at., room 22.
j MRS. DR. Genuine steam vapor cabi-
net baths, $1. 17A Ninth St.. room 1.
BAD tenants ejected for *4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery at., room 6; tel. 5580.
ROOMS papered. $2 DO up; whitened, $1 up.
2808 Twenty-fourth st. or 239 Third st.
TIRS. STEWERT, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120% Geary St.. room 11.
MRS. DR. FISH. rm. 2, 116 A Grant aye.; elec-
trician; alcohol, Turkish baths; unrivaled.
MME. HANSEN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
ELEVENTH, Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken. - ' -
SITUATIONS WASTED-FEMALE.
COMPETENT colored cook and housework girl
desires situation; 2 years last place. Mlbb
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
NEAT young German girl desires situation at
housework or as nurse, $10 to $15; references.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A No. 1 German 'cook, best of reference, de-
sires a situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st.
2 GIRLS would like situations as chamber- ■
maids or assist In light housework; willing
to go in the country. Call, between 9 and 1 |
o'clock, 564 Stevenson st.
SITUATIONS wanted— 2 neat girls for house-
work and cooking or to wait on table in a
restaurant. Please call at 1091s Germania St.,
near Fillmore. ___
YOUNG lady wishes position In the city to do
general housework in small family. Please
call Friday at 712 Broadway.
WANTED- A position as saleslady, copyist or
cashier; excellent references. Address box
1426, Call office.
NURSE with experience would like to take
care of little baby; please write. M. WEN-
DELL. 739 Tine st.
SWEDISH girl wants situation for cooking and
housework; best of references. 3103 Bu-
chanan st.
RELIABLE young woman wants to do gen-
eral housework; wages $15 to $20. 1208 A
Howard st.
RESPECTABLE woman, experienced, wants a
position to work by the day; good laundress.
1650 Polk st.
RESPECTABLS woman wishes position as
cook; good laundress; do downstairs work;
city or country; references. 1022 Bush st.
I GOOD laundress wants place every other Mon-
day. Address 88 Converse Bt.
YOUNG girl wishes to do light housework or
second work. Call or address 821 Mission st.,
room 6.
WANTED— By reliable woman, general house-
work; good cook and laundress; city or
country; wages $20. 1214V4 Market st., nr. 9th.
I COMPETENT young lady. Normal School
graduate, wishes position to take care of and
teach two or three children; best of ref-
erences. Address box 1401, Call office.
j COMPETENT woman wishes position as first-
class cook: can take full charge of kitchen
i If required. Ajaply 017 Ninth at.. Oakland.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
WOMAN of experience would like the care of
a house while the owners are absent, to su-
perintend a lodging-house, the linen depart-
ment of a hotel or assist In a physician's of-
fice. Y. W. C. A., 1259 O'Farrell St., from
10 to 12.
AS waitress and chambermaid; Is thorough
waitress; city references. Please call or write
to 1522 Polk st.
GIRL wishrs situation to assist In housework
and care of baby; wages $10 to $12. Call at
2125 Pine st.
NURSE— Refined young woman, private and
hospital experience, wishes to care for invalid
lady or child; $25 to $30 a month. Address
Nurse, box 1501. Call office.
ACCURATE stenographer, experienced in legal
and commercial work, desires permanent posi-
tion at moderate salary, or will do outside
work on reasonable terms. Box 1409, Call.
FRENCH girl wants position in laundry; K°od
lroness. Address box 1411. Call office.
LADY wishes situation to do plain sewing and
repairing. 116 Sixth St.. room 6.
YOLNG lady wishes housekeeper's position or
do plain mending. 1104 iltsslon St., corner
of Seventh, room 10.
GOOD neat German girl -wishes a place for
housework. 14 Rausch st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
YOUNG woman wishes working housekeeper's
position or to do plain mending. 131 Fourth
St., room 1.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED-MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. «40 Clay_st.
JAPANESE, Chinaee Employm't Office; house
cleaning; tel. Grant 56. Geo. Aokl, 30 Geary.
JAPANESE Employment Bureau— Choice help.
Tel. East 777. 805 Geary st.
JAPANESE employment office; work day.
hour or evening. ]22^» O'Farrell; tel. Davis W5.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
beat help. 414»_ OFarrell St.; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE Employm't Office— Best help and
Northern Hsclng Co. 1808 Polk; tel__Polk 422.
YOUNG Englishman, aged 26, wants position
as groom with private family or country
club; thoroughly understands care of horses.
Box 1429, Call Office.
SWEDISH man and wife, with 2-year-old
child, want work on private place or small
ranch; woman !s good cook; man is all-
round man. Address box 1370, Call Office.
SITUATION wanted as fireman by first-class
man; good references; 10 years' experience.
Box 1403. Call Office.
BAKERS— Bread and cake baker requires
situation: 2 y^ars last place. Address box
1.-20, Call OffW.
SITUATION wanted by young man; steady,
sober; can handle horses; willing to do any
kind of work. Address J. M., 131 Hayes st.
JAPANESE who speaks and writes English
well wants employment in an office or store.
X., box 1431, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS gardener: understands care of
horses and milk; more for a home than high
wages; good referf-nce. Box 1422, Call.
JAPANESE wants a position to do housework
and plain cooking. Box 1430, Call office.
YOUNG man wants position to drive delivery
wagon, or any kind of work. 1219 Mission st.
SITUATION as superintendent or foreman with
lumbering concern; 20 years' experience; thor-
oughly understands all details connected with
the business from the forest to the manu-
factured product; 9 years' coast experience, 11
years' Eastern experience; Just finished a
course in bookkeeping; can fur<oish gilt-edge
references. Address box 1391, Call office.
$25 WILL he paid for information that will
lead to the obtaining of a situation as coach-
man or stableman for a well-recommended
young man. Box 1395. Call.
COOK. German, wants situation in restau-
rant, lunch or coffee house; competent and
steßdy and best of references. 51 Third St..
room 3.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper and office man
desires position In wholesale mercantile line;
references. Box 1519, Call office.
MAN and wife, first-class meat and pastry
cooks, want positions in city or country. Call
or address M. E. 8., 421 Minna st.
TOUNG man wishes position as janitor or por-
ter; 14 years' experience; reference. Address
H. G., 112S Jackson st.
HEAD gardener on first-class place: refer-
ences. X., box 7, Call office, Oakland.
YOUNG experienced butcher, good reputation,
wishes situation In shop or wagon. Address
Butcher, 2965 Twenty-first st.
BY bookkeeper and typewriter, experienced in
office work. Box 1518, Call office.
GENTLEMAN'S trained nuis,- and valet Wish-
es position to care for elderly gentleman;
first-class masseur; references. Address box
1410. Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms, 25c to $150 night; $150 to $1
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bun
and baggage to and from ferry.
BARTENDER— German, single, desires posi-
tion in saloon or family liquor store; good
references. Box 1412, Call office.
POSITION with Alaska outfitters; 10 years
camp life; practical suggestions; $100. Ad-
dress box 1383, Call office.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jewelry;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
CHAMBERMAID, assist waiting, nice "country
hotel, $20; housework girls, country places.
MURRAY. & READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634-636 clay st.
IRONER. ladies 1 wear, for country hotel laun-
dry start to-day. $35 and found and free fare.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
2 FIRST-CLASS hotel chambermaids for first-
class country hotel. $20 each and free fare.
C. R. HANSEN A CO., 108 Geary st.
3 HOTEL waitresses for a beautiful water re-
sort In Southern California, steady work win-
ter and summer, $20 each. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., li) 8 Geary st.
F RESTAURANT waitresses, $5 a week: 3
lunch waitresses, $3 50 and $4. C. It. HAN-
BEN * CO.. U8 Geary st.
WAITRESS, country hotel, $22 00. free fare;
waitress, country hotel, $20, free fare; wait-
ress, hotel, Santa Cruz County. $20; waitress,
hotel near city. US: waitress. Kern County,
$20, fare advanced; waitress, Napa, $15: sec-
ond girl, country institution, $20. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
SCANDINAVIAN girl, general housework, $20,
office fee paid; nurse girl, care of baby, nice
home $6: neat girl, general housework. 2 In
familj^ no washing. $15; Eastern girl, general
housework, nice, place. $20; 10 girls, general
housework, $25. $20 and $15; German girl,
housework, $25: German conk. $25: girl for
housework, country, $25. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 108 Geary st.
RANCH cook. $2.'.. fare paid: ranch cook. $15.
fare paid; houwe girl. Redwood City, $20. C.
R. HANSEN A CO.. Ims .;eary st.
11 CVXTRY girls, $6 a week and $25 a month.
C. R. HANSEN .<• CO., ins Geary st.
COLORED house girl, $20. C. R. HANSEN <*•
CO., 108 Geary st.
GERMAN lady's maid, $25 and travel. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st ____________
WORKING housekeeper, $25. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
Cook, institution, $36. MISS CULLEN, 32.
Sutter st. •.
CHAMBERMAID, country' hotel, $20. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN Catholic housework girl,' $25. MISS
CII.LEN, 325 Sutter St.
REFINED nurse, child 5 years old, $20. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
COOK, boarding-house, $30. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st.
COLORED cook. $20. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
NURSERY governess and sew, $20. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
LA I " WDRESS, $30. MISS~CULLEN. 325~Sut-
ter St.
CHAMBERMAID, wait one meal, $20. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young Kiri. liKht work. $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
3 SECOND girls, $20 each. MISS CULLJBnT
325 Sutter st.
COOK, Bvtta Cruz. $25; Oakland, $20; 10 house-
work girls, city and country. $20 anil $25. C
young girls, assist. $10 to $15. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Suttep st.
LADY'S maid. $25. sleep home. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
LADY cashiers. bookkeepers, companions,
teachers, trained nurses, governesses, ma-
trons, housekeepers, salesladies, stenograph-
ers, clerks, secure lucrative positions through
the Indies' Exchange. 313 Bush, managed by
ladies; no cost to Investigate; this agency
has offices In all leading business centers.
HOUSEKEEPER for country. $2fi; girls. $25~t0
$10^ MRS. SPENCER. 1321 Park st.. Alameda.
2 CHAMBERMAIDS, $1S; 2 cooks. $25; g girls
f..r housework. t!3l Larkin st.
WANTED— A first-class millinery trimmer"
Apply .'23 Market St.. room 7. 2 to 3 p. m.
NEAT girl for general housework and cooking
for family of 3; wages $15. Box 1425. Call.
FIRST-CLASS milliner to work 5 hourlTiTay*
6 days each week. Box 1433, Call of flea.
HELP WANTED— Continued., :
WANTED— Apprentice girls; ones who have
had experience on tailor-made coats. CHI-
CAGO WOOLEN MILLS. 775 Market st.
GIRL for general housework; wages, $12 to $15.
330 Main st. __ ■ -
WANTED— barber; commission. 109 Ellis
street. . ' ____ ■ - '■
YOUNG girl, about 14, to assist light house-
work. 41 Hill st. .':>>
NEAT girl to do general housework; German
preferred. Bakery, 115 Oak st.
GIRL for general housework; able to bake
bread; no washing. 1328 Sacramento st.
EXPERIENCED apprentice on custom coats.
604 O'Farrell st.
GIRL wanted for light housework and cook-
ing. '2414 Washington __ ___
I TWO German apprentices _on^ high grade
ladles' suits. HENRY WERTH. Ladies
Tailor. : 1105 Leavenworth St., near Cal. ; . .
LADIES— Rooms, respectable house, from 25c
night and $1 50 week. 142 Seventh St., Girard
* House. ■ ' ' <
WANTED— For a small ranch, a woman who
understands milking and care of chickens.
Apply. 1647 Poat st. ; $15. ■
GIRL to assist, $10; German preferred. Call 9
to 11 a. m., 1119 Filbert st.
YOUNG girl to assist with light housework
and children; references. 817 Webster st.
j GIRL wanted for general housework. Apply
at 2228 Clay St., cor. Buchanan.
GIRL for' Alameda for general housework,
washing, ironing and plain cooking: in fam-
lly of 2; wages $10. Inquire Howard st.
COLORED girl for general housework; good
cook; $20; references. 2336 Pine st.
WANTED-An old lady or little girl to do light
housework. 116 Welch st. : call early.
APPRENTICES, neat sewers, paid while learn-
ing. 2325 Mission st. ;
OPERATORS on steam power sewing machines
InV a A^^-i tra D U A^^ig_______
M^ks a :- d P^. ro Torj_^g__i_g__j
M l°ow E Jte°re% n t? d
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist/ 14 McAllister
St.; monthly troubles, etc.; 1 visit sufficient.
LEARN dressmaking uinllllwji impost*
free; patterns 25c. McDOWELL'S, 103 Post.
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School. 1079 Market
st.; perfect fit; no trying on: trial free.
MALE HELP WANTED.
W^NTE^>3'Tain"^biacksmith for ranch, no
horseshoeing. $30 and board, steady job, neat
young man to learn professional nursing in
hoHplial: farmers, milkers cooks waiter^
dishwashers and others. W. D. EWLK &
CO., 626 Clay st.
COOK, institution. $35; second cook. Institution
$25; laundress, assist waiting, hotel, $20. 10
waitresses and chambermaids, ?20 ana »o
week; waitress to take charge, $36; 2 laun-
dresses and chambermaids, private families,
$25 and $30: 5 cooks in German and American
families, $25: German nurse, $20, and girls or
all nationalities to fill situations too numer-
ous to advertise. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316
Sutter st. '
WANTED— Man about place, good coachman,
with references. $30; mechanical draughts-
man, $3 day; carriage painter and striper.
$2 50 day; blacksmith's helper and finisher on
carriages, $10 to $12 week, and others. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62!* Sacramento st.
WANTED- Young German to drive milk wagon,
$20 and found; German farmer, $20; 10 labor-
ers for city. $1 75 a day; 50 laborers for lum-
ber railroad. $26 and found; woodchoppers,
$1 25 cord: tiemakers, Be, 9c and 10c: chore-
• men anri others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 62S Sacramento St.
WANTED- Second cook and baker, $40; dish-
washer, $20; night cook, country. $30; second
COOk, hotel, $30; hotel and restaurant waiters
and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
62S Sacramento st.
LABORERS and teamsters for railroad work;
free fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary.
WAITER, helps hall, country hotel. $35. free
fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary St.
5 WAITERS, permanent, country hotel. $35,
free fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary.
OYSTERMAN, clean fish and poultry, coun-
try hotel, $35. free fare. C. R. HANSEN &
<'<> 1»8 Geary Bt.
PLAIN WASHER, country hotel, laundry. $35,
free fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary.
3 CLUB waiters. $45: 3 restaurant waiters. $10
a week: waiter, hotel, $25; fry cook, $16 a
week; French second cook, $70; second cook,
country hotel, $40; dishwasher, country hotel,
$2n. (''. K. MASSES & CO., 108 Geary et.
MARKER and distributor. $12 a. week; washer
and starcher. $30 and found: polisher and
si archer. |M and found. C R. HANSEN &
CO., 108 Geary st.
o FARMERS. J2O; 4 four-horse plow hands. $20;
ranch hand, handy with tools. $20: v wood-
choppers, $1 25 a cord; chopper and grubber,
$1 70. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary ft.
YOUNG German to drive milk wagon, $20 and
found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
RAILROAD ~ ~ — RAILROAD
Laborers wanted for a corporation, $26 and
found, see boss at our office; 25 farm, or-
chard and vineyard hands, $26, $25. $20 and
$15 per month and found; 3 milkers. $25 and
$20; 3 choreboys, $10; boy to herd stock. $10;
269 woodchoppers, $1 25 and $1 cord; 365 tie-
makers, so. &o and l»c each; shingle packer:
3 blacksmiths for shops, ranches, etc., $2 and
$2 GO day: blacksmith helper; machinist for a
country shop. MURRAY & READY, 634-636
Clay st., Leading Employment Agents.
6 COOKS. $30. $3.". and $50 and found: pantry-
man, $25; 3 waiters, $25; 3 dishwashers, $15,
am' other places. MURRAY & READY,
Leai'ing Employment Agents.
EMPLOYERS ■
If you want competent help send your orders
to us. We will send the best help of every
nationality (except Chinese and Japs) to be
obtained in California, free of charge. MUR-
RAY & READY. Leading Employment
Agents, 634-636 Clay St.; telephone Main SSJB.
WANTED— Butler, country. $35 to $40; secoiid
butler. $2.0; waiter for restaurant, $40; waiter,
plain hotel. $25; washer for laundry. $30; ap-
prentice for laundry. $10 to $15; potwasher.
$20; dishwasher, $25, etc. ANDRE'S, 316
Stockton' st.
lfi RAILROAD laborers for mill company,
Humboldt County, $26 and board, half fare
paid; shingle packer, lc a bunch: screw
turner. $40; cheesemaker, $30; vegetable gar-
dener. $20. R. T. WARD & CO., 608-610 Clay.
600 ORDERS from leading business firms in
San Francisco recorded at the Clerks' Ex-
change, 313 Bush st., during past quarter;
only 400 members booked for positions; In-
vestigate.
CLERKS' Exchange, 313 Bush st., will not for
any consideration or under any circumstances
promise or guarantee situations; cards are
issued good for 1 year, and includes the bene-
fits of 6 established Pacific Coast offices; we
kindly request all interested to carefully
study our plans before paying fees; enclose
stamp for catalogue.
TO-DAY'S Orders— 3 dry goods salesmen, 1
first-class window dresser, pen and ink
artists, store work and making sketches for
advertisements. 6 harness makers, 5 waiters,
Portland 313 Bush st.
MEMBERS' applications are placed fcr con-
sideration before business firms previous to
vacancy occurring; this plan saves delay, ex-
pense and annoyance: investigate. Clerks'
Exchange, 313 Bush st. Enclose stamp.
TEN laundrymen; laundry marker; German
engineer and machinists; at once.. 1023
Market st. ' . . •
$80 PER month and commission equal to $100;
position for man and . wife as manager and
cashier. 1023 Market st.
$75 PER month at start, manager for house
furnishing department. 1023 Market st.
$73 PER month, ■ salesman who understands
. , handling of. notions. . 1023 Market .st.
$12 PER week, at start, domestic goods sales-
man; to-day. 1023 Mark , et st.
$60— M\N and wife on gentleman's place dewn
the valley. 1023 Market st.
BUTLER. $40. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter . st.
PROGRESSIVE Barbers' ' Free employment. H.
BERNARD,, Secy., 102 7th; tel. South 628. .
WANTED— 2 city , and 1 country salesmen;
state experience, married or single • and : ref-
x ' erence. Address box 1514. Call Office.
WANTED — First-class city salesman for
■ wholesale liquor-house; references required
Address box 1404, Call Office. "
TYPEWRITER and bookkeeper wanted for a
. country merchandise store; wages $40 and in- '
crease, i Box 1434. ("all office. , := <
BARBER wanted for Saturday and , Sunday
: work. . 509 Battery st.
GOOD : barber wanted for Saturday and Sun-
day. 605 Mission st., near Second.
BARBER wanted. 1423 Dupont st.
GOOD barber for ' Saturday and Sunday. 108
Taylor st.
GO ,°.- D >> m . a T ! ? £°»??J l Egry autographic registers.
PERNAU BROS., 543 Clay street. :
BOY of some experience for bakery. 615 Third.
JAPANESE hoy wants a ' position to do ' light
work. S. 8.. 18 Natoma »t.
,WAITER wanted. Manhattan House, 525 Mat
BOY wanted; 16 **** old. A. D.-T.. box 1407.
Call Office. ... .-.,_.
-WANTED— Good * young barbers for the ■ eoun-
; try. Apply BERNARD'S. , 102 Seventh ; ot.
HELP WAN'-BD- Continued.
GERMAN'barkeeper; must be quick and po-
lite; state references. Appl> box M__ l ■__ _
WANTED^Good restaurant cook at 104 Sec-
ond st.
WANTED-Feron.l COOTJ. 1101 Mnrket st.
BARBER^shop for sale; half cash, balance in-
stallments. MM Larkln Bt
RECRUITS wmnted for the United States
marine corps United States navy; able-
bodied! unmarried men. between the ages of
9i nnrl 30 years, who are citizens or ins
?ween 5 feet 5 inches and fi feet In height.
For further information apply at the re-
croltlng f office. .0 E!!ir- st.. San Francisco. Cal.
WANT-ED— l5O men. Bonnnz.i House. Market
st.opp Powell: changed hands; .renovated;
good, clean beds; 15c and upward. M. CAK-
ROLL, proprietor^
BOILER-MAKERS and ri\et boys 5' lIl Il ted o a*
the Risdon Iron Works. Beale and Howard
sts. Apply at Howard-st entrance.
EXPERIENCED presser on cloaks at M. SIM-
INOFF'S, 122S Market st.
MEN to learn barber trade in eight weeks. S.
F. Barber College, 138H Eighth st.
DRESS goods salesman; state experience and
references. Address MOO. '"all office.
BARBER shop for sale cheap: good reasons
for selling. Call 1743 Market st.
WANTED— An errand-boy. Address box 1368,
Call.
FIRST-CLASS barber shop; «" UB * 8e " '" X 2
days: bargain; parties going to Klondike. I
Fourth st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno Houm pwrlttnr, rtill
runs Denver House. 217 _hird rt. . 1.0 larga
rooms; 25c per nipht; $1 to $3 per week.
WINCHESTER Hou_« 44 Third St.. near
Markef 200 rooms. 25c a ntght; reading-room.
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ROSEDALE HouseT^T-Bllls-Roorns 25c to $1
night; $1 to $4 week; hot and col£ baths.
MARKET, 4— Branch office of The Call: want
ads and subscriptions taken__
_INGLE~rooms. 10c and 15c night; 7oc and $1
woek. Lindell House, Sixth and Howard st^
MARKET 863. (Elcho House)— Rooms 20c, 25c
to 50c per night: $1 to VI weefc.
WANTED- To collfct wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House, 967 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. 8.
FUCHS. Sec, 325 Grant aye. Tel. Grant 136.
4~MARKET ST.— Branch office of The cail.
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
AGENTS WAHT-BP.
LADY agents to introduce an attractive nov-
elty. 51S Bryant st.. bet. !i and 10 o'clock.
FURNITURE WANTED.
jI,iO_PARTNER wanted for first-class family
restaurant. Box 1436, Call Office^
HIGHEST prices to nil new building. S4O Mis-
alon Et. ; tel. Mint 1821.
"INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
gomery «t. ; highest prices paid. Tel. Davla 71.^
OS LARKlN— Branch office of The Call: sub-
bci lptions and want qds taken.
PARTNERS WANTED.
$7ofr^PARTNER in paint store. Address 106
Eleventh st.. box 16.
800..1S WANTED.
WANTED— By young couple. 3 or 4 furnished
or unfurnished housekeeping rooms: withiti
6 minutes" walk of Mission ami Tenth Bts.
Address room 26, Centennial, Oakland.
WANTED— By 3 adults, sunny 4or 5 room flat;
Mission or Western Addition. 1"31 Market St.,
room 5.
WANTED — 2 unfurnished rooms by man and
wife, between Powell and Jones. Sutter and
Turk ; must be reasonable. Boy 1424. Call.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
MAN and wife want 3 furnished rooms and
bath for housekeeping: rent not more than
$12 a month: or 3 unfurnished rooms with
bath; rent not more than $10 a month.
Box 1432. Call Office. •
LADY will teach piano, etc.. in return for
room and board: central. Box 1336, Call.
WANTED — MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED — To rent, with option of hu: !njr in
1 year, small ranch near San Francisco,
suitable for chickens; must have wo<».l and
water. H. RICHARDSON. Westley. Cal.
W \NTED— SSOOO worth of second-hand tools
and machinery. 6T.4 Mission Bt.
WANTED—^ To buy a rooming house, Sor 10
rooms, central. Address box 1427. Call.
WANTED— IOO goats for feeding the animals.
Address the Zoo. chutes, city.
KKN'o layout. Address, giving description and
price, 1813 Goss st.. Oakland^
BECOND-HAND blacksmith tools wanted at
once. 204 Mission st.
WANTED— Use of upright piano for storage:
no children. Address X., box 9, Call office.
Oakland. t
PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus; second-
hand. 109 Montgomery st.
MACHINERY, belting, pipe, scales, tools, eta.
bought and sold. J. Livingston. 204 Mlsslon,
PAWNBROKER— OId gold. silver, cast-off
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. 41 Third.
DENTISTS.
VAN VROOM electro-dental parlors; painless
dentistry; no shock; painless extraction a
positive fact- full set of teeth, $5 up; silver
fillings, 25c up; gold crowns, $3 50 up; your
teeth put in without a plate; open evenings.
997 Market St., cor. Sixth: "Phone Jessie 1695.
A FULL =et of teeth, $5: see new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted ten years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings 50c: crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth si.
NEW YORK Dentists— extraction, 50c;
plates, $5; gold filling, 75c up; silver, 25c up;
plates mended, $1 up: special inducements
to Klondikers; open evenings and Sundays.
969 Mission St., cor. Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. 11th; no
charge for extracting when plates are mad*: •
old plates made over like new; teeth from $8
.per set: extracting 50c; gas given. ■-
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
L. A. TEAGUE, A. CANE and F. TEAGrE.
removed to Call bldg.. 6th floor, nns. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted." DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market st. :
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
'. . LOST. ...•.'_ •__
$20 REWARD— Lost, a ' gold locket, finished .
with platinum and diamond in center. Re-
turn to Rio Grande Western Railway office,
14 Montgomery St.. and receive reward.
IN Oakland, a manuscript in pencil on scratch
paper entitled "An Umbrageous Criminal."
Reward if returned to Stenographer, 1118
Broadway. Oakland. ■
LOST— Blue greyhound. Return to 858 Howard
street. ■ « - ' - ■
HORSES. —
WANTED— SO old horses free from disease
and physic for feed for the animals. Ad-
dress Manager of the Zoo. Chutes, city. "•
FAST, stylish road horse, trotter; can be seen
at stable, 1108 Golden Gate aye.; price $150.
ONE fast pacer. 5 years old; 1 carriage horse,
17 hands high; 6 young horses from country,
well broken. 164 Golden Gate aye.
KLONDIKE pack mules and burros for sale.
Koran's Stockyards. Tenth and Bryant sts.
BUGGIES, wagons, horses, carts bought, sold
or exchanged; cheap storage; 40 horses: must
sell. T. P. NEWELL. ISO 2 Mission, cor. 14th.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: r Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 527 Sixth St.. i auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
615 LARKIX ST.— Branch office of The Call..
Subscriptions and want ads taken. .
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES. •
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or Installments; 1 fine top and opea
baggy: also 1 hack. MS Harrison st.
• ATTORNEYS AT I.A>V. .
ADVICE free: divorce . laws specialty; private;
1 no fee without success: collections, wills.
' probate, .insolvency, deeds, damages, mort-
gages,: copartnership. bills sale, patents.
. trademarks, etc. : established 10 years. G. «-
HOWE, att-at-lnw. S5O Market, cor Stockton.
PRIVATE matters. Insolvency, collections: free
advice: ope« evenings.; McCABK, 103 Larkin^
ADVIOB tn-c. : no charcr unlens successful.'
'■■•W..-W. -I>A\'H)SON,- M? MiiilM'l st.
. I \ IM-.W lilt mis..- : .
YOST. k. ....-, oiMoi ;•-.• .-.oml for sample wor*.
OCOTT * U.VNXAN, »3» Montgomery st.: . HITMXESS CHANCES.
.■•s2s.>-ipARTNER wanted in a restaurant; well
.paying; principal street; central; owner tired
'. . '.unreliable help; sober :r.an, no other. ; M.
-... -LESS, 70S Market St..
. balance on easy payments;
lotel and bar in one of the liveliest
.jtortlon* of the Btate; Ml furnished bedrooms;
■ large dining, billiard and bar rooms; estab-
i and paying well for mm than 11
years.; building and lot Included M. LESS,
.Market st.
Jl4oo-^-BAKERT; one of the oldest established
.iind I ■ :;i the city; has best class
re trade of $25 to $30
ayi and holidays;
and wagon; all private trade: reasona-
■■• ' ■ an excellent locality;
• best investment
line and will bear
- ■ a\ arui most ritrid Investigation; fall
>wed to Intending purchaser. M
I at.
■. Unw-
- w»e* 12 years; doing
■1 business; rent $47. CrU WILKE 7H
■
:S!;*— 'CORNER saloon, half block from Market
; *st.; :close to Phclan block: good paying place;
ipartnera can't agree. WILKE, 783 Market st.
GENTS' and ladies' furnishing goods
•st.oro.- doing a first-class paying business;
..••■choicest .location; a rare opportunity for an
•Uctlv.x and i.-.dustrious lady. WILKE, 7iS
.■ Market st.
OLD established and money making nursery;
- '5 'hothouses, boiler, horse, wagons, buggy
.' .cjrsh register, lease and dwelling house: rent
$;j; .investigute at onoe; this is the leading
...i>:reir.ess in the city. WILKE. m Market st.
..." .old-established drugstore, with doctor's
v.i'noe: iarg" store and prescription trade:
. manufacturer »1 9 specialties for general
•li-rujs trade; no hotter chance to step Into a
. ■:. sax-class paying business. Particulars
: WILKE. 753 Market st.
PARTNER, in good saloon In country
11. C. DECKER. 10*0
Market rt.
PARTNER in general merchandise etore.. $300
stand, near Baldwin Hotel KQ
"Restaurant, best in city 330
v in poultry and game; snap too
cry; large oven; store trade $40 1400
urant; line corner 900
. . store; worth $.'00: price 22.'
-.'.: fine corner; down town 2000
• Apply to H. C. DECSBR, 1020 Market st.
BAKERY, large oven; ri :;•.- M
■■ -r offered. DECKER, 10M Market.
A- GRAND opportunity, bakery, Western Ad-
dition, clearing $100 month: 4 rooms; rent
• only $22 a month: price $SGO. Call to-day.
HEALY, 917 Market st.
A GRAND chance, a business 'clearing $150
monthly, iodglng-house and saloon. IS rooms;
.F.^arVarket St.: this Is a line opportunity to
' make a fortune. HEALY, '.'l7 Market Ft.
CORNER grocery, bar; very good location.. s43o
'.A good branch bakery and delicacy store. 300
A very nice cigar store; good location.... 300
.=• Three good saloon* and 3 restaurants for
■ sale at ANDERSON & CO.'S. 777 Market st.
IAPITALISTS— SeveraI working miners
having consolidated 2fi<j acres free and cement
goia-bearing gravels, also large deposit South
African conglomerate and tailings, will stll
all- or part; good water facilities and roads;
V ?1. miles from railroad: 75 miles from Stock-
:. ton. Address box 143. Quartz Mountain,
T.uolumne County. Cal.
FOR BALE— Country hotel, 20 rooms; nice club
' .hall; very fine bar: $2-Xj stuck: everything
Dew; very I<>w rent; on account of sickness;
.'.no agent: 5-year lease. Exchange Hotel, Mar-
.• tinez, Cal.
OPPORTUNITY for party with small capital
to buy one of the most promising patents ever
brought to California: great success in the
East; Address A. W. PRAL'TCH, 60S Eighth
st., Oakland. Cal.
FIKiST-CLAi--^ saloon: bp?t location; receipts
■. from $15 to $45 per day ; too much other busl-
will sell for less than half value. Gro-
' eery, cor. Sixth and Howard sts.
WANTED— A man with some experience in a
mill to work and take a small interest in a
.well established and paying mill. Address
1 :; 6, 1 "all office.
MONEY wanted on a patent; best show to
... ' make money; traveling through United
'. . States: better than the Klondike. Box 1406,
. ■ .Call office.
FOR. SALE— A cigar store and laundry office:
.good location: a sacrifice. SIS Hayes st.
... ! LEVEL city lots, £0x120; will trade; title per-
:...' ':;' feet. 52 Eighth st.
;•".'•.:• $42C~ Cigar store: northwest corner Kearny and
■"' . .'.': ...California sts.
} ■■■ ■ FOB SALE— An old established jewelry store
■;.;: Mn' the .-heart of the Mission. ISOO Howard st.
' C.AS.H business, pays $300 per month; investi-
'■ : :~\- gation solicited. P. M. 515 Stevenson st.
.. . 3: ->IT-:n .with $100 to open quartz and gravel
■ ■• ■ mine. Nevada County. 1145 Mission st.
■ A CHANCE FOR A FORTUNE!!!
.'•..■..: . • THE NEW WALDO HOUSE.
res MJoslon, bet. Third and Fourth, San Fran-
• -.■ cisco; 94 rooms; all new beds; on one floor;
'rnnr.lnK full; cheap rent, long lease, privilege
of renewing fame; on Investment of $2000 for
■ . . '1537 eighty (SO) per cent per annum was real-
■ . .ized over all expenses, which can be proved,
.'with even better prospects this year; for sale
\. ; .or. aecoount of failing health and old age.
Address as above or inquire on premises.
$50 — On account of sickness, this nice business.
> embracing milk. eggs, butter, bread, candy
and notions. is offered for sale; 2 pleasant liv-
ing rooms in rear of store, nicely furnished
for housekeeping. If you want a bargain call
quick at 1145 Folsom st.
"-. FOR SALE— close to railroad passen-
..' . eer.- depot In lively country town; every-
. . thing newly furnished and in good run-
■• ' riing' order. For particulars apply to Me-
LEOD & HATJE. 515 Market St.
. .. ; $300— PARTNER wanted In light business
-.' •';. " 'suited to plain steady man; $15 to $20 a week;
•no experience required; trial given. 9 Geary
■"-" . • .st.\ room 2.
;'. ' $4!*— STOCK and fixtures, with clubroom, of a
• .-" 'ffrie cnrner cigar store: full value In sight.
: •.".*' >ol Washington st., Oakland.
>.'•' CROCKERY and household goods store, In best
••■ ; ' Vocation; principals ■• .... Box 1513. Call.
■ .' ■ GO.OD-I'AYING cigar stand at a bargain. 33
: : ;:.- ; .. Third st.
:=' ! .\B:UTCKER shop for sale. Address box 1516,
■■■■.'.■• Call office.
•:. .-" 'FOR sale— An old-established butcher shop, do-
::•.'' Lhff.-a fairly good business; no reasonable
'." ■: ■; offep refused; owner leaving the State. In-
; - : - ■ quire, at 2109 Mission st.
■': PI.AY the races on our new system; $69 a
: : •■-'.-" ' week'; :. $100 capital guaranteed or no charge
.-_■ : . ■ for services. The American Turf Bureau.
''■-.-'; ; V ' : rootns 5 and 6, ST,O Market St., San Francisco.
■;>..53;00 WILL buy half interest in a winery and
■-..' :' : large tj-jitiing works; mineral waters, beer,
'. ■ -.- ■■' etc • pays i3uo clear profit per month. Apply
■■.■■. tO.Q.. J. BECHT & CO., 303 Stockton St.
1...'. .'•F0.R SALE— Or partner wanted: fine down-
.. ■■ 1 %r--vrn saloon: day business only. Inquire
■".. ■:■■ ■•■; TH.OS. TAYLOR & CO.. 307 Clay st.
: .- ' . N3>WS, stationery and laundry office; doing
"i •:■ g r ->r,.d bu.-in«-Fs: I am going to Alaska; make
;. •• ' "Vi. offer. 103 4 Fifth st.
'."'.:•'. FuPi' SALE— Rettaurant and chop house; best
••:•'•' .• > atlon; opposite the ferries. Call at IS
■••; .. ■•' Past
."• i..' BUYS city wagon route, clearing $75
• .-monthly or no sale; trial given. 402% Geary.
." fOR rent or for sale— Fine saloon; completely
-. fitted; bargain. HAWKINSON, 707 Market.
:.' '-ONE of. the best-paying restaurants in the
City; Investigate. 621-623 Montgomery st.
-. CORNER grocery and bar; i living rooms; good
"■■"■ place for man and wife. 117 Flllmore st.
FOR sale— One of the best bakeries in the city.
Inquire at ISM Polk st.
A GOOD private custom milk route for sale
cheap. Inquire 707 Devisadero St., bet. Ful-
ton and Grove.
SALOON; good corner; bargain; northeast cor-
ner Third and Brannan sts.; no agents. W.
. 11. PAYNE.
NEWSPAPER routes and general news
nfcrncy: price %■<,'-■• caah; principals only. Ad-
. dress Agent, box 1243, Call office.
SMALL lunch counter; half or whole interest;
call and investigate. 229 Fourth st.
PA/TENTS— SM I Til & OSBORN. Regist'd Pat.
Agents; established 1562. 319 Pine St., city.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jewelry:
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
liiRTLAN'D agency ibis paper. Inquire this
office or at 123 Third st.. Portland, Oregon.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CAS WELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento at.
HE LARK IN ST.— Branch of flee of The Can.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
CARPET CXBAXING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works: cleans,
moves, lays carpets. G. 11. STEVENS, Mgr..
2S and 4-1 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
rend -to SPAULDING'B Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 253-57 Tchama St.; tel. So. 40.
J. WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovating,
. alteration works. 413 McAllister; Jessie HI.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter;
tel.' Main 354. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 35 per yard: relald at 3c.
. BTRATTON. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 344.
GREAT- Eastern Steam Carpet-cleaning
Works. •14 Mb «t. B. GRANT: t.-l. Jessie 201.
J E. MITCHELL Cnrpet-ciranlns Co., 240 I4tn
■ft. ;' clranlrig. .'!o a yard: tel. Ml— •<-
CON'KLIN'SCarpet-bcnttng Work*, 233 Golden
Gate aye.; telephone East 12C.
sj;u WSQ 3IA.CIIIXES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, escimrged. rented;
' repairing; lowest rates. 205 Fourth at.
AL.V^.i.V. ENTERPRISES.
klon "n-rrT ' P.*~
Wanted— more men to go to Dawson
City, leaving here about March 1 in the
employ of the Alaska Transportation. Trad-
ing and Mining Company: steady employ-
ment guaranteed on reaching Alaska; $500
cash required. For particulars call at com-
pany s offices, rooms 20 and 21. Chronicle
building, Sau Francisco.
CHEAPEST and best Klondike stores In the
world. HOLMES & CO., 416-418 Jackson st.
THE swift sailer Helen W. Almy Is ready to
leave for Copper River and Cook's Inlet about
March 10, UK; lew rates for passage and
; freight. Apply at once to owners, MOHNS &
KALTEXBACH. 29 Market st.
KLONDIKERS— By using the Eureka Klon-
dike portable gold washer you get more yel-
low stuff than you can carry: come and see
it before starting; it is the thing you need.
319 Bush st.
KLOXDIKERS wishing information about out-
fitting in Victoria, call or write 50H Third.
SMALL, select party forming for Klondike.
1250 Market st., room 126.
DOGS for Klondike; three Scotch collies, broke
for work. C. KRAMER. 400 Pacific st.
GENUINE arctic fur clothing; heavy woolen
clothing. L. LEVY. Battery and Jackson sts. |
A- $105 WHOLESALE will outfit you for Alas- j
ka; everything complete, ticket included, for 1 I
year. For particulars call or address DOWN-
ING, IGOD Devisadero st. reference given. i
STEAMBOAT companies wisfhing to get cap- i
tains, pilots, barge pilots of 20 years' expe-
rience for light draught boats can get same
by applying 2 Cat. St. Capt. F. H. cruthers. |
BEFORE going to Klondike get Mme. Young's!
V inito Protection Remedy, $1. 605 Mc-
Allister st.
OCEAN or river steamers. sailing vessels and ;
launches for sale. 11. G. SHAW, 4 Sutter. ,
.
DOGS for Klondike— 2s strong dogs for Imme-
diate use. 510 Van Ness aye. I
WHAT you must have— only makers of the
genuine Klondike moccasin on this Coast,
Pacific Shoe Co., 139 First st. j
KLONDIKE provisions, lowest prices, packed
and delivered to boats. SBARBORO & CO..
■wholesale and retail grocers. 631 Washington.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
A. KREDO & CO.. Successful Brokers, 22%
Geary st.
7 rooms, clears 523 above rent ..$ 250
9 rooms, best for the money... $ 250
14 rooms, all rented clears $40 $500
15 rooms, corner Market, rents $45 375
17 rooms, partly of flees, clears $70 $ 650
20 rooms, new sunny corner, clears $60 $1000
30 rooms, M rooms and 65 rooms at reduced
prices. Money to loan. j
$450—14 rooms; near City Hall; easily worth
$800: a snap. KREDO & CO., 22 i Geary st.
$S<>0 — 20 rooms: well worth $1600: clears $S5; $400
cash; don't miss It. KREDO & CO.
$1600— 20 rooms: fine sunny corner; never
changed hands; elegant furniture; worth
$2500; clears $160; low rent. KREDO & CO., !
22^ Geary st. ;
$450 — 2S rooms: offices: Market; "clears $75;
profitable -investment. KREDO & CO., 22Vi
Geary st.
$3£o— lo rooms; clears $50; snap: must be sold;
Klondike. KREDO & CO.. 22& Geary st.
7 ROOMS, near Baldwin: bargain $ 250
50 rooms: new furniture: easy payments.. 3200
32 rooms, on Market: clears $250 2800
vi rooms, on McAllister 400
32 rooms, on Geary (new) 2500
24 rooms, on Kearny; clears $200 2500
22 rooms, near Baldwin Hotel (transient). 1300
30 rooms; clears $250; new furniture '. 2500
30 rooms; central; 2 fronts; worth $1200... 550
Hotel In mining town; good bar 1000
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market, opp. Fifth.
H. C. DECKER— 1020 Market, opp. sth.
Houses from 4 to 300 rms; prices $50 t0.. 535,000
5-room flat on Geary; new: payments.. 450
23-room house; sunny cor.: new fixtures. 900
10 rooms; cost $350; new and clean; only. ISO
60 rooms: clears $250; nothing but cash. 2,500
20-room house on Tehama; good 450
ROOMS; fin^ sunny corner; never
changed hands: elegant furniture; clears $160;
low rent. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
j3sft_i4 ROOMS near City Kail: easily worth
1900; a snap. DECKER, :• ■'. ■ Market, opp. 6th.
. :::.. good country town; 25 rooms;
fine-paying bar: rent $^5; clearing $150.
DBS KER. 1020 Market st.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
20 rooms, t/oardir.g-house, iVst st |14'"iO
15 rooms, corner, central, part cash 500
IS ra ms, $300 cash, balance payments 350
IC r-" ms. nrw furniture. Inc une $160 800
30 rooms, rent $U«, clears $135 1600
36 room?, rent $4'"; don't mise it 900
■i 3 n^ms, rent $100; worth $2500 1650
123 rooms, rent $110; worth $3000 12t>)
WINSTON & CO., 046 Market st.
40 ROOMS: double corner: furniture cost ;
has positively cleared $150 per month for 2
years: price $22.".0; 1-3 cash, balance easy pay-
ments. PI'TLER J4 Post st.
$10<i BUYS a 7-room furniFhed house: all full.
Call at 5.21 Howard st.
$175 — FINE 7-room house, clearing $15 over ex-
ea monthly year round. Apply 4OSH Geary.
LODGING-HOUSE of 12 nicely furnishod
rooms for >-'ale cheap. 34') Third st.
MUSICAL IXSTHIMEATS.
WHAT'S THAT? YOU ARE?
GOING TO BUY A PIANO?
WELL. NOW. WHAT DO YOU WANT?
A piano made in IS9S, with every dollar ex-
pended on the Instrument, modern in every
r^?; "ct, with all the late attachments, or the
game old piano made from 1849 scales?
I have a piano to sell that I will guarantee
from top to bottom and will back It with
evry dollar I have. As I own my own build-
Ing and store, and as the manufacturers also
back this instrument with $2,000,0u0, this, I
think, a good guarantee.
The piano is the Klngsbury-
The price is $225.
The address Is 526 Hayes St.
The firm is J. HARRY SCOTT.
ON account of extensive alterations In our
warerooms we offer the following bargains:
One Newhall piano $ 55
One Haven & Bacon piano 70
One New York piano 100
One Gilbert piano 125
One Mathushek piano 140
One Weber piano 165
One Gabler piano 1»5
One Jewett piano 215
One St^in way piano 2SO
One Steck piano 345
One Chickering piano 3Xo
MI guaranteed: easy payments. HENJ.
CURTAZ & SON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell st.
ANY person having use for a piano need not
do without when good instruments can be
purchased from us at cash prices upon
monthly payments of $3. $4. $3. 6, $7. $S. $3,
$10: handsome scarf and wood seat stool in-
cluded: no charge for cartage. Purchase your
medium and low price pianos where they can
be exchanged for a Steinway without sacri-
fice. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway
Dealers, cor. Kearny and Slitter sts.
X FEW PRICES WORTH CONSIDERING IN
SECOND-HAND PIANOS—
Manhattan • * F
Ronlsch I-*
Cameron f"J{
Bans -* 200
Byron Mauzy ■••••• 300
Call and examine. Warerooms BYRON
MAUZY, 308-312 Poet st. -
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26, 23 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
arid all. other musical instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer. .
A FINE line of second-hand pianos offered
this week at very low prices. Including
Steinways. Chiekorinß. Hnllett & Davis.
Emerson and others. THE F. W. SPENCER
CO., 933 Market St. ' . ;
FINE tone, large size upright, $12'>: great bar-
gain: n«w Decker & Son and Gibson pianos
at low prices. maivaTs. 7C9 -Market st.
COLBY pianos are .th* best for the money In
the market: highest award at World's Fair;
call and see for yourselves. 933- Market st.
BOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy, Newby. Evans,
Brigßs and other pianos: see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. 308, 310, 312 Post st. •■"
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale— sell pianos at
immense reduction for cash or on install-
ments. EATON ESTATE, 95 Market st.
$100— GRAND upright piano, almost new: going
to Alaska. Address box 1397, Call office.
A BARGAIN— An elegant high grade piano,
$150. Room 13. Flood building.
$125— FINE upright; great bargain. IS McAllis-
tor St.. next I. err. in Bank. BCHMTTZ. _
AGENCY Haines Bros, pianoa: second-hand
pianos, $75 up. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post. ;
KNABE pianos: new »on!.r; new styles.
KOHLER * CHASE. 30 O'Farreli st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
SMALLEST ad, lowest price. Heine. 136 EH!».
STORAGE.
AT low rates— Furniture, • carpets, pianos,
household goods; clean light compartments;
advances made. J. NOON AN. ,1017 to 1023
Mission st., above Sixth; open evenings. ■
AT lowest rates— Household goods, pianos; ad-
vances made: fireproof building . ■■■ F. ■• W. I
ZEHFUSS, 840 Mission st. Tel. Mint IS2L • |
'. ■ ' ■,-}.'•■'■''..'• » --\ '""■-'-
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, 31 ARCH 4, 1898.
HOISES TO LET.
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &.
Hi >V.'l:li., 1Q Montgomery.
.IACIC6ON. 2006— A house of 9 sunny rooms,
bath; marine view; reasonable.
$S-HOt_*SE: 5 rrioms: new: be well and happy;
live on the hill. ].'iii7 Ken my.
Ft RMSHKD BOUSES.
MISSION. 272G— Parlor floor. T nicely furnished
rooms; every convenience for housekeeping;
piano; bath; garden: large basement: $25.
FURNITURE, etc., of 10 rooms for sale; prlvl-
lege renting premises. Box 114"., Call office.
COTTAGES TO LET.
5 rooms, bath: new: $15. or will sell: $2i | v cash,
bal. as rent. McCarthy Co., <"4« Market st.
COMFORTABLE cottage, yurd, cellar, also flat
6 room. $14. Key at grocer's. 023 Second st.
SUNNY cottages, 4 and 5 rooms, bath, base-
ment; yard; cheap. 1576 l.'.th st., nr. Dolores.
FLATS TO LET.
APELAIDE place, 8, off Taylor St.. near Post-
Lower flat. 4 nice sunny roomsw $13.
ALL OVER TOWN
You see flats to r«nt by BALDWIN &
H'AVKi.L, it. Montgomery st.
FIXIILY furnished flat S rooms and bath; nice
parlor furniture; for sale cheap. 130 Four-
teenth st.
POLBOM, MS, near Fifth— US, new middle bay
window flat; 3 rooms, gas, bath. tubs.
j FELL, 111$— Upper flat 6 tunny ruonia; alcove
parlors, etc.
HAIGHT, 102!. above Broderlck— Nice sunny
i 6- room flat; best neighborhood.
i HARRIst'N. 2041. opp. Eighteenth— flat of 3
nice sunny rooms; rent $9.
HOWARD and Twelfth— Elegant corner flat. 7
1 rooms and bath; 3 bay windows; rent $25. Key
In store.
HYPE, 416*—H ouse of 4 large sunny rooms,
with water. $12 month: in good order.
I IVY. 129. near Van Ness aye.— l sunny rooms,
$.12; lower, $10^
! MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jewelry;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
> MOSS, 80, near Seventh— Upper flat, 5 rooms;
bath; yard; newly papered; key corner How-
i ard st.
LOWER flat: 4 large rooms and hall; separate
yard;- $l3. 11A Sheridan St., near Ninth.
KATOMA, 714—4 rooms, sunny; large yard;
cellar: IVY
NEAR City Hall, elegant flat. 5 rooms, bath.
HB. 141 Prove st.
NEW sunny Hat, 3 large rooms, bath; latest
improvements. Key at 713 Grove st.
NEWLY painted cottage, 4 rooms; yard; rent
$10. I^unbard and Hyde sts^
NINETEENTH, HBO, 1 block from Eighteenth
or Castro st. cars: lovely lower sunny 6-room
fl;it; modern; $18; water free.
520-CHEAPEST flat in city; S rooms, bath.
B!0tt Valencia St.. near Seventeenth.
$17— FLAT, 6 rooms, bath; modern. 144S Va-
lencia St., near Twenty-fiftfu
4 ROOMS each; upper and lower: $S and $10:
new; or will sell entire building; $2M cash,
$2n month. THE MCCARTHY CO., fi46 Market.
|js_ flat, double parlors, dining and kitchen:
junction Market and Valencia.
$13— WATER free; sunny lower 4-mom flat;
modern: large lot: garden. 4073 Twenty-third
st., few steps from Castro; care key M7l
$20— Sunny flat, 5 larse rooms, bath and pan-
try; fine view. 527'b 13th St.. near Market.
$40 — Lovely sunny modern flat of 7 rooms;
624 Golden Gate aye., near Van Ness.
HOISKKKKPIXG ROOMS.
Br"aNNA>T 72'). above Sixth— Sunny kitchen
and bedroom, furnished; $7.
BRYANT, 511, near Third— Nicely famished
sunny snltes, from $7 per month up^
il-NTRAL, 52 Second— Light housekpg rooms
and 3ingle; week. $1 to $2 .V; day, Be to 50c.
EDDY, :<l7- Nicely furnishf-d connecUas house-
keeping rooms; gas range; splendid location.
ELLIS. SSO— Room, furnish. 'd for light 'house-
keeping; closet, stove and water.
F<>I'RTH. 225 — Furnished rooms for light
housekeeping; reasonable.
FULTON, 41— Comfortably furnished front
room and kitchen; $12 month; private- family.
GEARY, 429— Light housekeeping and other
sunny single and double rooms; no children.
GEARY, MS— Elegant sunny furnished rooms,
$S up; also suites: gas. bath; housekeeping.
GEARY, 1:07 -*:■": adults-; 4 comfortable roonds;
bath; 2 beds; gas: coal stoves: all m-ctssariea.
GOLDEN GATE, 1000—2 or 3 large, nicely fur-
nifhed rooms for housekeeping, or single;
gas cook stove: free use of telephone.
HICKORY aye., ISI, near Gough— Furnished
Housekeeping rooms; every convenience;
$7 up.
HOWARD, 623 — Well-furnished single and
housekeeping rooms, $"> a month up.
ll' iWARD. 1214 — 2 or 3 large sunny furnished
or unfurnished housekeeping rooms.
JESSIE. 446—3 rooms c-mplete for housekeep-
ing, $12 month; single rooms, $5.
MISSION, >27— 2 housekeeping rooms; well
furrii.-hfl ; IM: apply in store.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry;
low inter»st. UNCLE HARRIS. 13 Grant ay.
NEW MONTGOMERY, 10&— Furnished house-
keeping rooms, $1 50 per week; single, 75c. $1.
NINTH. 113— Well furnished sunny front room
and kitchen, $12 month: running water, bath.
POLK, 522 — Nicely furnished housekeeping
suite, complete; also sunny cozy front room.
POLK, 60.".— We11-furnished front room and
kitchen, complete. $11, with gas and water.
SIXTH, 23^ — Nice sunny room, complete for
housekeeping, $10; other rooms, $6 up.
SIXTH, 132—3 rooms for housekeeping, $12 a
month; other rooms, $6 a month up.
STANLEY Place, 19— $10, C nice sunny rooms,
including bath.
SUITE of two nice front sunny housekeeping
rooms; folding bed in kitchen; bedroom suit
to match in bedroom: furniture all new; f?,
per week; suitable for 3 or 4 persons. Apply
at shoe store, 5C2 Mission st., bet. First and
Second Bts.
TENTH, 111. near Market— 2 nicely furnished
sunny housekeeping rooms: also other rooms, j
THIRD, 309 — 2 sunny furnished rooms complete
lot housekeeping:; $7 month.
TURK. 543 — 2 sunny rooms, complete for
housekeeping: gas and bath; $15.
TWELFTH. 146—2 nicely furnished sunny
rooms, complete for housekeeping.
■WASHINGTON, 502— Why pay carfare and
live out of town? 3 sunny unfurnished rooms;
ti; single rooms $2 50 and $3; marble wash-
ptnnds; water.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny at.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single: flrst-claas
In every respect; terms reasonable.
ALTON, 204 McAllister— Sunny front suites,
suitable for 3 or 4 people.
AT the Florence Hotel. 102 Ellis, cor. Powell—
Elegant sunny rooms, en suite or single;
quiet home for families and those who ap-
preciate comfort; elevator; baths; reasonable. |
BOHEMIA, 239 Post--Elegant apartments at
reasonable rates; elevator; tourists; transient.
BUSH, 706— Elegantly furnished sunny front i
parlor, $10; private family.
BUSH, S26 — Large sunny room; hot and cold J
water; for gentlemen. i
CENTRAL location; fine neighborhood; eleva- j
tion; 1 or 2 elegant sunny furnished rooms,
with or without board, in private family.
Address box 1428, Call Office.
L.KLAWARE. mi Market Furnished single :
and double rooms, Js and $1" mo.; nice suites, i
EDDY, 118'^— Clean sunny rooms, $5 up; pleas- ■
ant housekeeping suite cheap; quiet h
EDDY. 212 CThe Lexington)— Rooms per night, j
50c to tl; week, $2 to $G; families. !
FULTON, 430B — Cheap, neatly furnished rooms,
euite, single or double; sun till day; quiet
re!ghborh«.rl: private family.
CEARY, 622-Nict'ly furnished single and dou-
i,!e rooms; bath, gas; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE, 322- New furnished rooms;
running Water, hot and cold.
GOLDEN GATE are., 334— T0 let, furnished
room to respoctable gentleman.
GRAND" SOUTHERN. BU. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator: moderate rates: families.
HANCOCK HOUSK. "SI Mission; select family
rooming bouse: $1 ~fi to $6 per week.
HARRISON, '-'*''■ »e*r Sixth— Nice large single
rooms, $5 per month.
HOWARD, lit, ST. DAVID'S— 2OO room»;
suttee; ulngle. sunny reading-room; foe up.
HOWARD, 9W— By d*y. week or month; 25c.
80c, 75* and $1 per day; $5 to $15 per month.
JESSIE. 445. upstairs— Nicely furnished sunny
front room; rent $5. ___^_
McALLISTER. 511— Bunny back parlor; grate;
gas; bath; $S month: 2 gentlemen^
MCALLISTER, Dls— Nicely furnished front
suite; Jl5 per month; hot and cold water-
ROOMS TO LRT— Continued.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewe'.ry-
low interest. TNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
NEW -FRANKLIN. 321 Paciflc^RoUms, fur-
nished or unfurnished; day, week or month.
O'FARRELL. r,13- Furnished rooms to let.
PHILADELPHIA House, 421 Duah^Rooms;
gas; running water; $1 week up; sunny.
POIiK, IW— Nice, light, well-furnished single
r.om, $4 per month: bath and gas.
POLK, 9U— Large newly furnished sunny single
and double rooms, $8 up; housekeeping.
POST, WO— Nicely furnished pleasant front
room; bath, kus: private family.
POWELL. 203 (The Montello)-Sunny suites
and slnglfy Vooms; reasonable; transient.
POWELL. 509— TWO nicely furnished sunny
io,.nis adjoining: suitable for two gentleman.
SHI" KM AN Apartment House, 2S Eighth St..
near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
STOCKTON, 17 — European: elegant rooms;
suite or single; day, week or month: baths;
hot and cold water: transient; elevator.
SITTER, 304— Nice sunny furnished rooms;
•••ntral; reat»onablej_slr.glej>r en suite.
BUTTER. 7i:.-717-719. and 609 Hyde— Furnished
and enfurn. ; choice and sunny: reasonable.
TAYLOR. 131-4 pleasant unfurnished rooms.
with bath, to rent.
TAYLOR, 7W— Well furnished sunny room for
gentleman.
VAN NESS aye.. Sl7-3 sunny unfurnished
rooms.
DOARUINO AXI) ROOMS.
ELLIS. 577— Nicely rurnished front suite, with
b Tird. for 2 or 3; terms reasonable.
PELL, X Nicely furnished sunny parlors for
two, with board. Wk
! FOLSOM. 511- Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week: nice location.
I MCALLISTER, l?2o— Elegant nutte: modern
parlor?: board for -' H": select neighborhood.
WALLER. 1246 -Comfortably furnished sunny
room; bath and piano; good board; home
comforts: references exchanged.
VAN NESS. SOB BeanUfOl sunny parlors;
m.-dorn: (lrst-i-l.'i»s table.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
LADY would like child to board: a mother's
care. Address 2359 Twenty-second St.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium; \
sittings dally. 123H Sixth St.. room 14. . I
STORES TO LET.
CORNER store and 3 rooms, on Geary st., near
Taylor: cheap rent: Apply 516 Geary st.
FINE store, cor. Oak and Franklin sts., rent
120; 2 fine basements, off Market st., suitable '
for any business or storage. Apply IS Grant. j
LARGE sunny loft, sewing machines and
motor, complete for manufacturing. 1028 :
Market st. I
STORE, with fixtures, corner Howard and La-
fayette sts.: cheap rent. gv :
TWO stores in the Starr-King Building, Geary
Bt., adjoining California Furniture Co. and
City of Paris to let after July 1. 1899. Ap-
ply' N. P. COLE. 117 Geary st.
EDI < \TIO.\AL.
HBALD'S Business College, 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages. English branch-
es; electrical, civil & mining engineering, sur-
veying. Assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1592: catalogue.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
Individual Instruction in shorthand, typing.
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc: life scholar-
ship, KiO; low rates per week and month.
ENGINEERING school; civil, electrical, min-
ing, m«?ch., survey, assay, archlt. ; day & eve.;
est. XML VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course In Terr's counting-room makes you
thorough. Room •-'■ 555 Market st. >
! INSTRUCTIONS in water colors and oil paint-
Ing' lessons, 25c per hour. Address box 1521,
C^tll office.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, writing, gram-
; mar: day. night: i" mo. 1504 Market, op. Bth.
FISK Agency. 52." Market st.— Teachers fur- ;
nished; public; private; governesses; tutors.
MISS GAMBLE'S dancing school. 317 Devlsa-
B*roi adults, Fri . 8 p.m.: children. Thu.. S:3).
'■ SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236 Mar-
ket St.; 124 positions in '96; 103 In '97.
INSTRUCTION in tapestry painting, etc.: les-
sons, ,25c. Studio. 419 Geary st., room 11.
. GUITAR, mandolin, piano and vocal lessons,
ti per month. MART WESTHAUS. 39 Fifth.
.VOICE culture. piano Paris graduate : French.
Spanish: new classes; «2 mo. »109 Taylor «t.-
•. "MEDICAL.
ALL Ladles— only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davie*.
true friends of all invalids, men and women:
&0 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind, sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else; fail: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay: self-cure Bent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. DR. AND MRS. 31. DA VIES, 59
McAllister st.: pills, $2.
ALL monthly Irregularities or other conditions
from - whatever Caoa* restored at once: safe j
and sure at any time; kind sympathy and i
aid: instant relief for travelers; tumors re- I
moved by electricity; home In confinement;
best care and privacy: for guaranteed relief
consult the i doctor, free, before going else-
where; regulating pills and capsules, 11.
MRS DR. WYETH. 91S Post Bt.. nr. Larkin.
DRS. GOODWIN. 401 Van Ness aye.— Ladles,
near or far. consult free the only doctor who I
uses Schenck's method, the celebrated French
physician: a safe, sure and reliable cure for
all Irregularities from whatever cause; re-
: stores strength and vigor of organs; unex-
celled: 15 years' practice: maternity home;
best skill, low fees; pills, V:
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases: a home in confinement, with best
possible care; with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital; those sick or discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their case;
they will find In her a true friend. MRS.
DR. GWYER. 226 Turk St.
SURE cure, when others fall; no medicine or j
instruments: every woman her own physi- |
cian for all female troubles, no matter from :
what ' cause: restore in 1 day; never fails:
consultation free; can be sent and used at i
home. DR. POPPER. 31S Ket.rny; orders by |
telephone.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause): no instruments used: cure at of-
fice. $5: consultation free: hours 10 to 5. DR.
AND MRS. KOHL. 1118 Market st.
DR. MOHRDIECK'S skin purifier prevents i
wrinkles, roughness: removes all disagree-
i able affections of the r-kin. gives a beautiful
' and healthy complexion. 31 Taylor st., r. 14.
'■ A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro; price
| $1 50. RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay st.: send
So stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing. C 0... C3l X st., Sacramento, ■ Cal.
ALPEAU"S French pills, a boon to ladles with j
female troubles: no danger: safe, cure; $2 50;
express C. O. P.; don't delay until too late. j
OSGOOD'BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
! CAPSULETAS— Preventive: sure; harmless:
guaranteed or money refunded; price $1 50.
MICE. MASSON, 1223 Geary st. /
DR. HALL, 59 McAllister St.; diseases of wo-
men and children. ' . i
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puet*: Infallible, safe rem-
edies; 38 years" experience. 2.-.4H Fourth Ft.
HOME !n confinement: diseases of women.
i MRS. PR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth st.. Alameda.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, Zd hand machinery. Mc-
INTOBH & WOLPMAN, 137 Beale st.
WELL-establlshed billiard parlor and saloon;
handsomely -fitted up and thoroughly
equipped: owners going to Dawsr.n. Frank's
Billiard Parlors. 6, S. 10 and 12 Eddy jst.
WASIIBURN mandolin, originally cost $35. for
$14; a Stewart banjo which cost $30 for $12
at UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.
HOUSE-MOVER'S outfit and shop for sale.
431 Hayes st. '
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; Tel. So. 787.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and j
office, furniture and- fixtures: new and sec- :
ond hand. J. NOQNAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 i
Mission St., above Sixth. |
WHlSKY.'^Kentucky, '97; bonded warehouse, •
San Francisco; 3?c gallon. Address STAND-
ARD LIQUOR CO.. San Francisco.
FRESH cows; Jersey, Holsteln, Durham; must
be ."old at once. Davidson Coal ; Yard, 1811
■ Mission: «t. ■ .- - . ' .......... :
STEARNS bicycle for sale cheap. 33% Lafay- I
ette st. ■■•-,- . " ' j
ENGINE, boiler, ; dynamo, motor, belts and
pump. H. S. WHITE, 516 Mission st. ;
SAFES New and second-hand; cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc, 533 . Sacramento.
1 AND 2-bowl barber washstands.- cheap. HUP-
FCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye. -:
BAFFS— Bargains In ! new and second-hand: all
sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market. 3. F.
GRAPHOPHONES. $10: Record*. $5 per doz:
Projeetoscope; $100. Baelpalupl. 983-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st. ■ • .
BARS. . showcases, counters. -V shelving, . etc.,'
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
FOR sal» Second-hand ■ fireproof safe, :
at 12 Main st. ■ . . ' ■ : I
PERSONALS.
HENRY— Friday at 2 p. m.. Sixth st. PAUL.
WILLIAM BALLARD of Portsmouth, England,
can hear good news by sending his address
to T. H. WAY. Alameda.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call. In wrapper.' for mailing. • • .
MATRIMONIAL. "" ~ ' " :
ALL seeking marriage, call or send 10c for
February "Wedding Bell"; 14 pages; no $5 re-
quired. Editor. 11l Ellis St.. San Francisco.
BUSINESS PERSONALS.
LEARN to Hypnotize — You can make hours of
fun; cure disease or bad hibite; cause others
■to love and obey you; quickest method; sue-
' cess guaranteed: lesson, Inc. PROF. HERLN.
Pesotum, 111. Beware of poor Imitators. Send
for testimonials and press reports.
I established the price of 25c for hairdressins
. and employ only the best artists; good
switches beEt, finest quality, $3 50; extra
heavy, long, $5; open. Sundays from d to 12.
G. LEDERER. 111 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St., nr. Market: 200 rooms.-
2, .c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made In
San Francisco at Eastern prices. WALTER
N. BRUNT. 535 Clay St., S. F.
AGENT wanted to take ' orders for merchant
tailoring. NEUHAtTS & CO., 115 Kearny.
QVINONIA Hair Tonic accelerates growth; per-
fectly harmless. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton.
MISS ANDERSON", baths, massage; Swedish
movement. !K)6 Market, room 25, second floor.
NEW method massage, electric treatment;
heated room. MRS. JOHNSTON. :,HV4 Geary.
TRUNKS moved. 25c. Commercial Transfer
Co., 22 Stockton St.; -phone Main 49.
SUIT to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. .1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
CLOAKS and tailor-made suits retailed at
wholesale fissure?. 20 Sansome ft.
DRESSMAKERS.
HME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses.
$:, up: dresses made over. 6 Eddy st.. rm. SO.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery in life; sh»
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separated, recovers lost,
Ftolen or buried property; locr.t.-s treasures,
minerals- tells your entire life, pnst, present
and future, while In a perfect trance. Hours
10 a m. to 5 p. m. ; perfect satisfaction guar-
antppd by mail. Send stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 26, ]2"6 Market St., opp. Sixth^
MME PORTER wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader: born double veil and second sight:
diagnopes disease; full life reading: ladies 50c,
gentsll; pnlm. and clairv. ; sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MMF. BTBILLE, cradle to Brave: 'uture hus-
band'p picture Bo; Indies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MISS TROY from Chicago, magnetic healer
nnd card reader. Win Market, rm. 17. 2<l floor.
BOSS F.DN'A V. GRANT, 131 Taylor St., rwffln
2; it ind-reader iind pa'm ist -
MRS. FAIRBANKS, clairvoyant: circle Tues.
Fri. ev*s.. We; readings daily, 25c. 50c. 10S 6th.
MISS PEARL HARRISON, card reader and
magnetic healer. Room 2. 12i'i Geary st.
JOSIE TAYLOR, magnetic healer: mind
reader. 223 Post st., room 11. second floor.
MRS. MA.SI'KNA, metlium. p.ilmlst: life read-
ings. 2'c: satisfaction guarant'd. 2S Sixth nt.
I YOUR future told by cards; ladies, 23 cents:
gent". 50 cents. 327 Fifth st. , \
MME. MOREAU. best medium and card-
reader; 25c up: German spoken. 75 Fourth st.
MME. LE NORMANDE. reliable ciairvoj-ant.
card reader. magnetic treatment. 401 Leavnwth
'■■ MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and
water reader. 921*6 Mission; German spoken.
MME. HANSEN. palmist, card-writer: past,
present and future: 2r.c: US Sixth, room 5.
MISS BELL GRANT, card reading and mag-
netic healing. 122 Post St.. room 10.
RAY FAIR, card reader; magnetic healing a
specialty. 223 Poet st., room 2.
MME. MARIE VINCENT, clairvoyant and
card reader. 2S Ellis st.. room 4: hours 11 to 8.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First In her pro-
fession: never falls: advice: help. 929 Post.
1 CHEAPEST and b»st in America— The Weekly
<~all Sent to any address In the united
States or Canada one year for Jl CO, postage
' fr»». .- ■ - >-■-■■- - --.... - - - '-
SPIRITI
' MRS FULTON TULEY. materializing writing;
seance to-night; Bitting. 1513 Geary st.
i GYPSY life reader gives correct answers to
all questions. Ladles; 25c; gents, 30c. 3 7th.
! PROF. GEE; readings daily; test. circles Tue.,
Thur.. Fri.. 8 p. m. ; 25c. 565V4 Market St.
A. M. FRANCIS, Independent slate-writer; de-
veloping circle Wednesday eve. 118 Haight st.
MRS. SHRINER, clairvoyant for business and
j spiritual sittings. 120 A Eddy St., room 3.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, spiritual medium, for
messages and advice. 21S Stockton st.
615 LARKIN Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
HYPNOTISM-
SPECIAL rates to classes forming this week,
between Monday and Saturday; instructions
every day and evening if desired; specially
Interesting demonstrations this (Friday) even-
ing. 8 o'clock. S. F. College of Suggestive
i Therapeutics. 911 Van Ness aye.
! THOROUGH course In hypnotism, 15. with dl-
ploma. CAL. INSTITUTE. 402',!, Gear)- st.
JHOXEY' TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6Vi per cent on real estate;
"M and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate m
probate, life Insurance, Roods in warehouse,
I furniture without removal; no delay. R. Mc-
! COLGAN, 24 Montgomery st.. room 3.
j LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal: no commissions: no delays. - J.
NOON AN. 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
j tel. South 14.
ADVANCES quick on furniture, pianos, with-
out removal; rr.dse in storage; life ins. poli-
cies house rent?, bank books, etc. ; low In-
terest ; private; no com. R. R, 117 > Market.
JJ T i UP to any amount on indorsed paper,
pianos furniture or jewelry; all business
strictly confidential: private offices. M. E.
DOUQAN & CO., 230 Kearny Ft.: upstairs.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 94S Market st; tel. Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos; city or Oakland: no re-
moval- low rates: no commission; $2.'> up;
private party. BONNBLLI. 42 Peary st.
GO to a regular licensed pawnbroker at 1
Fourth St.. upstairs: strictly private; low
rates; tel. Red 1121; established 1889.
FURNITURE, pianos, estates in probate: any
proposition. HILL & CO.. it McAllister, r. M.
\XV sum. Ist or 2d mortgages, estnt«s In pro-
bate, etc. Room ". M 8 Callfornts st
$7,0 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and Id mortg/. ;
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomr-ry st.
CITY and country; any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY. «2S Market st.
iiX pianos, furniture; no remova 1 : lowest
rates: no com.; private. 11*5 McAllister St.
SIXTH, I'" 1 Most reliable place to borrow
money: d!anT>n4s nn.l Jewelry.
.-,;: i,ai:kix- Branca office of The Call. Sub-
grriptions and want ads taken.
FINANCIAL.
LOANS on real estate, bonds, etc. ; lowest
rates. McAFEE BROS., IPS Montgume— at.
PROPERTY TO JKXOIIAM.I .
15000— CLEAR; gilt-edge residence property in
Santa Cruz for city property: will assume
mortgage. DECKER, MM Market st.
|40 (..Mi- HOTEL and pleasure resort: 76 acres in
fruit and vines; short distance from city; ex-
change for Oakland, city. Alameda or Berke-
ley property. H. C. DECKER. IMO Market.
BALOOrf to exchange for house and lot: as-
sume mortgage or pay cash difference. H. C.
DECKER. l'>2o Market st.
LEGAL NOTICES.
NOTICE~TOCREDITOIi<— Estate of JACOB
C JOHNSON, deceased.
Notice Is hereby given by the undersigned.
AXN \ E JOHNSON, executrix of the estate
of JACOB C. JOHNSON, deceased, to the
creditors of, and all persons having claims
against the said deceased, to exhibit them with
the necessary vouchers, within ten months
after the firat publication of this notice, to the
snid executrix at the office of J. C. JOHN-
BOM CO., N'>. 400 Market st., the same being
her place for the transaction of the business
of the said estate in the City and County of
San Francisco, State of California.
ANNA E. JOHNSON,
Executrix of the estate of JACOB C. JOHN-
SON, deceased.
Dated at San Francisco, February 24, ISOS.
J. A. STEPHENS,
Attorney for Executrix, Clans Spreckels build-
ing.
CITY REAL. ESTATE.
SOOOO— LIBERTY" st., near Dolores; new resi-
dence of s rooms and bath; electric and gas
lighting; furnace heat; elegant view; $2000
can remain on mortgage at 6/4 per cent.
$3750— The best bargain in the city; 3949 25th
st.. near Church; 8 large sunny rooms and
bath; walls and ceilings finely decorated; lot
25:11x114; $1000 cash, baiance monthly;, jpen
ior Inspection.
$»ooo— Southwest cor. of Dolores and Army
sts. : lot S3x9O, with a new 7-room and bath
residence; enough ground vacant to build flats
or store; terms can be arranged.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
lfl Montgomery st.. or 232 Liberty st.
TO exchange for small ranch near town, 2 flats
of 4 and E rooms, bath; fine street; electric
cars pass the door. Inquire at 934 Dolores st.
2 FLATS and large lot; must be sold; cheap.
Inquire meat market, 576 Howard st.
858 M EACH— For sale, 3 elegant new houses,
situated 1 block from Golden Gate Park at
corner of Shrader and Beulah sts.; contain 7
to ft rooms each and all modern conveniences;
don't fail to see them; terms easy; houses
open. Apply on premises.
FOR SALE— Bargain; beautiful house of 2 flats,
or. sunny side of O'Farrell st. : each Hat <i
rooms and bath: open for Inspection. 2134
O'Farrell St., near Broderick.
XEW house. 7 rs.. bath: easy terms; Mission:
swap, part paymt for lot. BABIN. 413 Kearny.
4, 5, 6, 7 AND S room new houses in Sunnyside;
easy rental terms. McCarthy Co.. 646 Market.
BIG bargain— 6 modern Western Addition flats,
£15, M8; renting for $133 30; $7000 can remain
on mortgage. Postofflce box 2405.
COIXTRV REAL, ESTATE.
UOeO— REDUCED from $35(10 to make a quick
sale; 22 acres in Santa Clara County, 1 mile
from railroad; 3H acres fruit and vines:
plenty of wood; fine trout stream; 12 acres
can be Irrigated: good house of 7 rooms; barn
and outbuildings: some personal property;
great bargain. OAMAN & LYON, 215 Kearny.
888 HAYF.S ST.-Branch office of xhe Call.
Subscriptions and nds taken.
LARKSPUR REAL ESTATE-
BEAUTIFUL HOMES IN LARKSPUR.
Villa lots and acreage; easy terms; 4". minutes
from the city; cottages for rent. AMERICAN
LAND TRt'ST CO.. 132 Market st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS!
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$I»ri<v_ SACRIFICE; lot 34x133; northwest corner
on fine avenue; good house of 6 rooms and one
of 4 rooms: 1 block from station; near school;
!>ip Income on investment.
$2800— New modern cottage: lot 40x150; fine
location: $150 cash, $25 per month; for cash
$SSOO; snap.
(2 ""'--Beautiful new 8-room house, complete;
lot 50x203: choice location: very easy terms.
To Close an Estate— l^-room house; lot fiox!4o;
Alameda's best location; see this and make an
offer.
$12.750 — Bettor than a Klondike as an Invest-
ment; properties bringing $130 per month;
mortgage of $woo can remafn; bargain.
Houses to let in all parts of the city.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.,
1432 Park st., Alameda.
TO I KASE-
HOTEL to lease, 30 room?: 25 minutes from
city: fine bar. Apply JOHN SCHOUFE. 210
Market st
WANTED — To l»ase smoke house. Address it
I'nlon Square Market.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Clement Cronise and Daisy D. Taher, 20—21.
Gioarhlr.o Greco and Anna Hnttaelia. 27— 1*5.
Meyer < - ara?h nnd Nellie Op«opky. 2«— 2".
D. 'Kohn and Julia J. Melsterkneoht. 38—28.
Thomas Anderson and Mary Hampton. 33—29.
A. B. Sodderstrom and Matilda O]?on. 2'— 24.
A. W. Johnson and Mabel P. Podd. 26—18.
E. G. Honckle and Henrietta l^. Budden-
baum, 2S — 15.
~ BIRTHS— MAR RI AGES —DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They muFt be
handed in at either of the publication offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence
of persons authorized to have the same pub-
lished.
BORN.
BORDEN— In this city. February in. 189S, to
the wife of William L. Borden. a daughter.
BOSS— February 27, 189S, to the wife of J. F.
Boss, a son.
BLAKE— In Arcata. February IS, ISSS, to the
wife of J. H. Blake, a son.
FRANCIS— In Hawkinsville. February 12. IS9S.
to tht» wife of the late John Francis, a
daughter.
HARRIS— In Etna. February 22. IS9S. to the
wife of John Haris. a son.
HAVES— In Chico. March 1. IS9S. to the wife
of t. P. Hayes, a daughter.
KELLY— In Bodie. February 24. 1898, to the
wife of Thomas Kelly, a daughter.
LYONS— In Edgewood, February 13. IS9B, to the
wit* of C. L. Lyons, a daughter.
LEAI--In Hawkinpvil'.e. February 17. IS9B. to
the wife of Jose Ar.tnne Leal, a son.
LYONS— In Wooden Valley. February 28, 1898,
to the wife of William Lyons, a son.
MELIA— In this city, March 2, IS9B, to the
wife of William P. Melia, a son.
MORRELL— At Dows Prairie. February- 22,
IS&S, to the wife of Frank Morrell. a son.
MENHENNET— In Nevada City, February 26,
ISOS, to the wife of E. Menhennet. a son.
PETRALLI— In Bodie, February 24, IS9S, to
the wife of A. Petralli. a daughter.
TILDEN*— In Sacramento. February 27, 189S, to
the wife of J. D. Tilden, a son.
MARRIED.
ARMSTRONG-DICKERSON— In Eureka. Feb-
ruary 1«. I*9S. by the Rev. H. T. Dobbins.
Calvin C. Armstrong ami Mabel Dlckerson.
CLEMENT— BLICKLE— In this city, March 2.
1898. by the Rev. J. G. Mangold, Peter Cle-
ment and Marie Blickle.
HEFFRON— FILMOR— In Eureka. February
17, iM>S, by Frank S. Duff, Justice of the
Peace. William Heffron and Ida Fulmor.
H/NCiTCK— JUDSON— In this city. February
■£>'>, ISCS. by the Rev. F. R. Farrand. Charles
N. Hancock of San Francisco and Blanche
E. Judson of Alameda.
SMITH— BOCK— In this city, March 1. 1898, by
the Rev. J. B. Mangold, Daniel Smith and
Emilie Bock.
SCHEELINE— March 3. IS9S, to the wife of
Sol E. Scheeline. a son.
' DIED.
Aharn, Michael Linoberg. Pauline M.
Alien, Elizabeth McDonald. Joseph
Brickwedel Jr.. C. H. McGuigan, John
Boothby, Annie M. Macdonald. James
Bryant. George H. Melvin, Bridget
Bull. Merrill H. Miller. Mary
Charles. Martha G. O'Brien, Michael
Conn. Frederick J. O'Meara, Michael
Ehlert, Frederick kins, Frank H.
Fusanne. Antotne Pierre. Ferdinand J.
Griffin, Lettie Provan, William L.
Hamburger, Yetta Rouze, Paul
Harris. Ada F. Ruff, Marie M.
Huntlngton, Mabel Simons. Albert F.
Hunton, Charles Sloan, Margaret C.
Iverson, Caroline M. Smead, E. M.
Johnson. Charles Triay, Antonio
Keck. George Walsh, Ann
Kelly, Annie R. Walsh. Martin
Kelly. Myles J. Ward. Johar.nah
Knee?», Lena Wilson. Charles
Lawler, Dora E. '
AHARN— In this city. March 3, IS9B, Michael
Aharn, a native of County Cork, Ireland,
aged 58 years.
ALLEN— In this city, at University Mound Old
Ladies' Home, March 3. IS3S. Elizabeth Allen,
a native of Scotland, aged 78 years. . ■ . ■
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from University
Mound Home. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
BOOTHBY— In San Jose. : March 1. 1898, Annie
M. Boothb- a native of Canada, aged 30
years 2 months and 10 days.
BRICKWEDEL— In this city. . March 3, IS9B,
C. H. Jr.. beloved son of Anna M. Brick-
wedel, and brother. of M. H.. George F. and
Annie E. Brickwedel, a native of New York,
aged 45 years.
Notice of funeral hereafter.
BRYANT— this city, March 3. IS9B, George
H . dearly beloved husband of Caroline E.
Bryant," and father of Mrs. Edward Fay, and
• senior partner of Nevtll & Co.. a native of
Salem, Mass., aged 6!) years 10 months and 20
day«.
BULL— In East Oakland. March 3. 1895, Mer-
vin Henry Bull, a native of Oakland, aged
11 months and 20 days. ,
CHARLES— this city. March 1. IS9S, at her
residence, 3*2 Fourteenth street. Martha
G dearly beloved wife of the late Harry A.
Charles, and dearly beloved mother of Rich-
ard. Charlie. Fannie, Harry. Sallie and Her-
bert Charles and Mrs. John P. Gray, a na-
tive of Frederick town. Mo., aged 61 years
and 11 months. vsfggsßafiSßS**M** -
jCTFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend . the funeral , services this day (Fri-
day) at 11 o'clock, at the Cnurcn of the Ad-
vent, Eleventh street, between : Market and
Mission. ,v
CONN— In Indlo, Riverside County, Cal.,
March^, 1898,' Frederick J... beloved and only
son of Francis and the late Mary B. Conn,
and brother of Mamie A. and the late Frank
W. Conn, a native of San Francisco," aged 2S
years and 5 months. ,
£7" Notice of funeral hereafter.
EHLERT— In San Jcse, March 1. 1898, Fred-
erick Ehlert, a native of Germany, aged 77
years. .•,.,■--■:■ - '■■ ■. ■■;
FUSANNE— In this city, March 3, 1898, \ An-
t oin* Fusanne, a native of France, aged 84
years.. - C^SSSS^jiSi^IjPwSP^SSSSSttHE*
GRIFFIN— In this city, March 3. 1898. Lettie
: Grifiln. beloved : aunt of Frank - McCarrick
and Mrs. Nellie Hoffman, a native *of i Ire-
land, aged 65 years. -
ICT Friends and -acquaintances arc respect-
■ - - . • -•■:-.. M .. . -. . -...-■- *--':-.. ",.-..'■:■■'
fully invited to attend the funeraJ to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 612 Birch avenue, near Buchanan
Ft root, thence to Sacred Heart, corner Fell
find Fillmore streets, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HAMBURGER— In this city, March 2, ISM,
Yetta Hambureer. beloved mother of Mrs.
I. Indlg and Dave. Henry. Aaron and Mose
Hamburger, a native of Ravaria. Germany,
aged 62 years and 11 months.
E~TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, J6lB Geary street. Interment Home
of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train
from Third and Town«end streets.
HARRIS— In this c!ty. March 1 1898, Ada Fair-
fax Harris, youngest daughter of Mrs. Eliza-
beth Harris, and sister of Dr. F. W. Harris
and Mrs. A. G. Anderson, a native of San
Francisco.
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), from her late residence. fi.V. Capo
street. Interment private. ICasonle Cemetery.
HINTINGTOX— In Chicago. 111.. February 2.%
1888, Mabel Lillian Hnntlngton.
HtWTON— In the City and County Hospital,
March 3, IS9S. Charles Hunton, a native of
Maine. a?ed 7j years.
IVERSON-In this city. March 2. 1888, Caro-
line M. Louisa, relict of the late Gerhard Iver-
son. and beloved mother of Mrs. L. Hinckley.
Mrs. J. Athias and Gertie. Gerhard and Alf
Iverson, a native of Norway, aged 65 years
and 6 days.
IC^Friend.s and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funoral this day
(Friday i. at 2 o'clock, from her late r<>r-i-
dencc, 412 Fell street, thence to Scandinavian
Lutheran Church. Howard street, between
Twelfth and Thirteenth, for services. Inter-
ment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
JOHNSON— In this city. March 1. 1888, Charles
Johnson, a native of Finland, aged 41 years.
KECK— in this city. March 1. 1898, George, be-
!■■•>*■! husband of Cetia Keck, and father of
Mrs. Rise Eberbardt. a n. .ive of Baden.
Germany, aged 76 years and 6 months.
(Brooklyn. N. V.. papers please copy.)
ft?" Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the undertaking
parlors of James Hasan. 445 Valencia street.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. Please omit
flowers.
KELLY-In this city. March 2, 1888, Annie R..
beluved wife of Patrick J. Kelly, and foster
mother of Emmet t O'Connor, a native of
County Clare. Ireland, aged ol years. OVel-
linMton. !>ei.. papers please copy.)
IT~?' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
iFriday), nt P:3O o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. "51 Natoma street, thence to St. Pat«
rick's Churrh. where a solemn requiem high
mass will be held for the revise of her aool,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cr.'Sf Cemetery- Please omit flowers.
KELLY-In this city. March 2, 1888, Myles J..
bf loved son of Dennis and Margaret Kelly.
a native of San Francisco, aged 23 years and
8 months.
C3T Friends and relative? are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 25.'5 Folsom • tfeet. thence to St.
Peter's Church, Twenty-fourth and Alabama
streets, where a solemn requiem mass will
lj e celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
KXEESE- In Baden, South San Francisco,
March 2. 1898, Lena. (Marly beloved daughter
Of George and the late Amalia Kiiee^e. and
sister of Henry and George Kneepe. a native
of San Francisco, aged 15 years 11 months
and 2" i!av-
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her father. South San Francisco. San Mateo
County. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
LAWLER— In this city. March 1. 1888, Dora
E., beloved wife of Jameo, and mother of
James P.. William ML, Eliza and Annie Law-
ler. a native of New York, aged 43 years.
(TTFriendrt are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services tin.- day (Fri-
day), at 10:30 o'clock, at St. Mary's Church,
California oiwi Tmpont ecroets. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
LINoBERO— In San Jose. March 1, 1888, Mr?.
Pauline Mayets-lilnobsrg, a native of France,
aged 6* yean and s months.
McI>ONALI>— In this city, March 1, 1898, Jo-
seph McDonald, a native of Prince Edward
Island, B. N. A., aged :..*> years.
(T^TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
March 6. tit 10:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street.
Interment H.>ly Cross Cemetery.
MeC.riGAN— ln Bodle, February 23. IS9B, John
HcOulgan, a native of Ire-lan. l, aged •'■" %•■.:-.
MILLER— In this city. March 3. 1888, Mary.
beloved daughter of the late Annie and Wil-
liam Miller, aged 3fi years.
MA('I"<">NALD— In Oakland, March 3, 1898,
James Hugh Macdonald. a native of Cali-
fornia, .iged 13 years and 17 days
MELVIN— In Colma. March 3. 189 S. Bridget,
beloved wife of the late John Melvin. and
mother of Mrs. Mary Bellando and Patrick
Melvin. a native of Caroon, parish of Bally
McWard, County Oalway, Ireland, aged 65
years,
icy Notice of funeral hereafter.
O'HRIEN— In this city. March 3. 1898. Michael
O'Brien, dearly beloved brother of Daniel,
James c.. Patrick and Katie O'Brien. Mi-.
James Murphy. Mrs. John Durkln. Mrs. P.
McGowen and Mrs. A. W. MeOuire. a na-
tive of Ireland, aged IS years 4 months and
■ 16 days.
It?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the. funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:45 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1«63 Fifteenth avenue south, thence to
All Hallows Church. N street south, between
Fifteenth and Sixteenth avenues south. South
San Francisco, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
O'MEARA— In this city, March 2. 189S, Michael,
beloved husband of the late Margaret O'Mea-
ra and father of Mrs. J. H. McCarthy. Mrs.
E. .T. Smith. J. O'Meara and the late Edw.
OMeara. a native of County Clare, Ireland,
aged 70 years.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 2716 Folsom street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
PERKINS— In this city. March 1. IS9B, Frank
H. Perkins, beloved father of Mrs. F. Tower,
a native of Auburn, Me., aged 80 years and
6 months.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from I. O. O. F. Hall,
corner Market and Seventh streets, under the
au«pices of the Veteran Odd Fellows' Asso-
ciation.- Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
VFTERAN ODD FELLOWS— Attend the fu-
neral of Frnnk Perkins at I. O. O. F. Hall,
this day (Friday), at 2 o'clock.
WILLIAM H. BARNES, Sec.
PIERRE— In Berkeley. Ferdinand J. Pierre,
a native of Paris. France, aged 66 years 4
months and 8 days.
PROVAN— In this city. March 3, IS9S. Wil-
liam L., beloved son of William and Minnie
Provan, and grandson of Mrs. J. T. Welby,
a native of San Francisco, aged 7 months.
ROI'ZE— In Bodie, February 26. IS9S. Paul
Ro\rze, a native of France, aged about 58
yen!?.
RVFF— In this city. March 3, 1898, Marie Mag-
deline, dearly beloved daughter of Rudolph
Ruff, stepdaughter of Amelia Ruff, and sis-
ter of George. William. Annie and Rudoifih
Ruff, a native of Stamford, Conn., aged 29
years 10 months and 8 days. Companion of
Robin Hood Circle. C. of F. of A.
(C7" Remains at the parlors of Valente. Mar-
inl & Co.. 1"24 Stockton street. Funeral no-
tice hereafter.
SIMONS— Near Callahans. Siskiyou County,
Cal February 22, 189 S. Albert F. Simons, a
native of New Hampshire, aged 73 years and
11 months.
SLOAN— In this city. February 27. 1598. Mar-
garet C, beloved wife of William Sloan, a
native of Loath, County Louth, Ireland, aged
27 years.
[CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday) at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
J C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where mass
Will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
SMEAD— In Santa Clara, February !S, IS9B,
F M Smead, a native of Massachusetts, a*ed
84 years.
TRIAV— At United States Marine . Hospital.
March 1, IS9S, Antonio, beloved husband lof
Mary A. Triay, and father of Harry and
Eddie T.riay. a native of Spain, aged 56
years.
{CTFriend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 11:30 o'clock, from St. Joseph's
Church, Tenth street. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery- Remains at the parlors of Hal-
sted & Co., 946 Mission street.
WALSH— In this city. March 3, 1838. at her
residence, .2618 McAllister street. Ann. be-
loved wife of Patrick J. Walsh, and mother
of Edward, William, Kate and John Walsh,
a native of San Francisco, aged 35 years I
months and 3 days.
(CT Notice of funeral hereafter.
WALSH— Near San Jose, March 1. 189$. Martin
Walsh, a native of Ireland, aged 43 years.
WARD— In this city. March 2. IS9B, Johannah,
relict of the late Michael Ward, and beloved
mother of William. Georg*. Charles and the
late John Ward, the late Mrs. Mary McAvoy
and Stephen Ward, a native of Boston, aged
50 years.
[uTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
tullv Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from St. Patrick's
Church, where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul/ Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery- Remains at parlors
of Craig & Cochran Co.
WILSON— In this city, March 2. UK, • Charles
Wilson, a native of Sweden, aged 64 years.
■ McAVOY & GALLAGHER. - |
I FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMER3 1
I 20 riITH BT., Opp. Lincoln School/ \
I ''- Telephone. South .? 0 --.; -.--' ,.-^^
h. b. m'avov. Manager. ■■■■- , - I
- /V\c/\Y/O"V~«fc CO., I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER* I
McfW/OY <Sz CO., ;
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND E.MBALMERS, I
1235 Market St.. between Sth and Jin. : 3
■ ■•■-■ Telephone.' South 2*£^_Jl^^^__J
1314
LURED AWAY A
CHILD OF EIGHT
Peculiar Story of a Little Waif
Abandoned in the City
of Sacramento.
Left at a House by a Man Claiming to Be
Her Father, Who Said He Would
Soon Return for Her.
There is a mystery surrounding the
spiriting away of little Alice Loy from
this city that calls for a thorough in
vestigation by the police of this city
and Sacramento.
The child was brought here from
Portland several months ago by a j
woman named Clark, who claimed to
have adopted her with her mothers,
consent. The Clark woman has been a
Prominent member of a little band
calling itself God's Regular Army and
having its headquarters In the base
ment at the northwest corner of How
ard and Fourth streets. ;
Last Tuesday night one of the of- ,
ficers of the -army" reported to the
polTce that the child had disappeared :
and he believed she had been ab
ducted by a relative of the girl vho
had visited tne headquarters osten
sibly to see her. Subsequently it was
learned that the two had gone to Sac
ramento, and a telegram was sent to
the Chief of Police of that city to ap
iSSn^ heard of the mother
Sacramento correspondent • * h * c * J£J
fully confirmed by an investigation
made later here:
o » \ -Mwro March 3. — This morn-
a Swedish accent man mqu.re
t- r t f-imilv namtd Folsom. w nen m
farmed that no such person lived in the
Shhortod he expired surprise and
ssssiaS^ajssa — about to re
tire when he asked if she would not per
mit h-m to leave the child with her until
he made further search for the parties
he was looking for. Readily and unsus
t^ctinsrlv Mrs. Switzer consented. She
Took the child into her home and the man
departed. Since that hour she has not
S( Omc er m Healv of the Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Children was sent
for. and this evening took the poor little
waif to his home. Upon questioning her
he obtained the following tacts:
Her name is Alice Loy, and her home,
up to a few months ago, was in port
land. One day. as the child s story
(foes, a woman by the name of Clark Vis
ited the home of Alice and obtained the
consent of her mother to take the child
to San Francisco. Alice soon found her
self in the streets of that city, playing
a tambourine in company with a band
which ( styled itself "God's Regular
A For' several weeks Alice was marched
out in the streets late .night and was
compelled to wait upon the Clark woman ,
and her companions during the day. For
some reason, she said, the woman left
San Francisco and Alice was placed in
the hands of the man who deserted her
t "The" man and child arrived in Sacramen
to last night and occupied quarters in a
lodging house on X street. The man
gave the name of Wise and claimed the
girl was his daughter. The landlady re
ceived the fee for the night's lodging and
gave the matter no further thought. v: 1
• Officer Healy is determined to probe the
matter to the bottom, in view of the
child's shocking statements of misconduct
on the part of Wise and Mrs. Clark,
and Wise's inhuman treatment of the
girl. The officer has an accurate descrip
• tion of the man and expects to effect his
arrest without any trouble.
Upon receipt of this dispatch a Call
reporter endeavored to locate Mrs.
Clark, but was informed by an officer
at the army headquarters that the wo
man had left t,he city Monday night for
Sacramento. This was twenty -four
hours before Wise took the child away,
and confirms her statement that the
woman left here before she was taken
away.
The officer further stated that word
had been received from Mrs. Clark to
the effect that she had seen Wise in
Sacramento, but saw nothing of the
girl. The woman announced that she
would return to this city this morning
at 11 o'clock.
Wise, the officer said, was not a mem
ber of the army, but attended the
meetings occasionally and was a friend
of Mrs. Clark. Nothing was known
about him beyond this. The woman
and child did not live at the barracks,
but had rooms at 513 Howard street,
and it was there Wise had obtained
possession of little Alice.
Beyond the fact that Wise was sup
posed to have taken her to Sacramento,
the officer could not give any informa
tion regarding the abduction, nor could
he account for both Wise and Mrs.
Clark journeying to the same place and
abandoning the girl. That the couple
have been in communication since their
arrival in Sacramento clearly indicates
that the woman was in the plot to get
rid of her charge. The officer gave the
girl's age as eight years and confirmed
the statement that she had been
brought from Portland by the Clark
woman.
From a friend of Mrs. Clark it was
learned that the woman had had some
trouble with her husband, and this
friend's reluctance to give any informa
tion regarding the whereabouts of
Mrs. Clark until assured that the re
porter was not an emissary of the hus
band indicated that Mrs. Clark is not
anxious to meet the man whose name
she bears.
THE FORMAL TRANSFER MADE.
The State Board Takes Charge of the
Management of the Alaska
Committee.
The formal absorption of the Alaska
Trade Committee by the State board took
place yesterday. Secretary J. A. Filcher,
acting for the State board, met the mem
bers of the Alaska committee at 11 o'clock
yesterday morning at their office on Mar
ket street.
He said last night that he was practi
cally in control of the effects ana man
agement <".f the Alaska committee, and
that the State board was going to infuse
a new life into it. The Alaska committee
turned over to the State board all the
money it had on hand except about $500,
which is reserved for contingent expenses,
and after these have been liquidated the
remainder will be turned over to the
board.
ROBERT EMMET'S BIRTHDAY.
It "Will Be Appropriately Celebrated
by the Knights of the Red
Branch.
The Knights of the Red Branch will
appropriately celebrate the 120 th anni
versary of the birth of Robert Emmet
in Metropolitan Temple to-night.
The oration of the evening will be deliv
ered by Hon. Frank McGowan, besides
which a splendid musical and literary
entertainment has been arranged.
■ m ■
RAILROAD COMMISSIONER.
Indication That W. M. Hinton Will
Be Appointed To-Day.
It was understood last nifrht that the
Governor would to-day appoint Registrar
W. M. Hinton to the office of Railroad
Commissioner to fill the vacancy caused
by the death of Dr. Stanton. Mr. Hin
ton did not care to discuss the matter
wh«^n seen at a late hour last night. Ha
neither affirmed or denied the statement.
It Is believed that he will be appointed
to-day.
A RETURNING DELEGATION.
Anti-Annexationists Who Will Ar
rive in the City This Evening.
William Auld, John Richardson, David
HOUSEHOLD GODS WERE THERE.
All the Little Ah Sids of Chinatown Meet in a Colossal Baby Show
at the Mining Fair.
f> HOW la, my pretty tenth born, said
| motherly Mrs. Yang to her three-
V_> year-old as she sat among the other
Oriental matrons at the Chinese baby
show at the Mining Fair yesterday
chow la. "Seest thou not that the thin
white devil with the strings on his face
is looking at thee? He it is, O son of
the gods, who will judge of thy beauty,
and, if he find thee worthy, bestow
upon thee the pretty red breeches and
the green blouse with the yellow trim
mings."
"Chow la, thou imp possessed by the
forty devils. Wouldst thou spoil thy
chances by thy restlessness and have
the salmon-tinted cap with the purple
button go to thy half-brother— that
Cantonese puppy begotten of thy
father by his fourth wife? Seest thou
little Yet Gee over there in the corner?
He is but the descendant of a river
boatman, whilst thy ancestors, in times
past, have worn the yellow peacock
feather and watched a hundred retain
ers manipulate the chopsticks at the
banquet board in their princely halls.
Yet he sitteth there with the quiet dig
nity of a mandarin of twenty districts,
whilst thou squirmeth around as
though thou wert possessed of all the
fleas of the mighty dog Chang."
"The gods protect thee, Mrs. Yuen,
and guard from harm the little flower
that sleepeth on thy bosom. The wise
and holy Yuen, he of the many p pes.
must swell with pride when he looketh
upon the lovely blossom that hath
sprung from his stalk."
Such is the very liberal translation
of a fragmentary bit of conversation
Kalauokalani and James Keauiiana
Kaulia, composing the Hawaiian dele
gation that has been in Washington for
Some time past, successfully working
against annexation, are on their way
home and will arrive in this city to-night
on the 8:45 overland.
Charged With Theft.
Sylvain Honigsberg. a young man who
Is . said to be well connected, was ar
rested last night on a warrant from Po
lice Court No. 1, charging him with petty
larceny. ■ The complaining witness is M.
A. McLaughlln, for whom Honigsbcrg
formerly worked. McLaughlln charges
that the defendant several days ago stole
$50 from him. Honigsberg denies the
charge and claims he will be able to es
tablish his Innocence at. the proper time.
■ m ■
For throat, lung troubles. Low's Hore
hound Cough Syrup; 10c. 417 Sansome at.*
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 4, 1898.
DESERTED
HE DIED IN
DESTITUTION
Pathetic Life Story
of Old Aaron
Naftaly.
Forsaken and Alone He
Perishes in the Dark
ness of a Cellar.
Dependent on Charity While
His Sons Sail Away With
Thousands.
FAMILY REFUSED RELIEF.
Will Be Buried by the Eureka Be
nevolent Society Which Has
Cared for Him.
In the ever-changing kaleidoscope
of city life the various fragments that
are thrown together often form pic
tures that are touching in the ex
treme. But it is seldom any are dis
covered more replete with pathos than
caught in the Pavilion yesterday.
A Chinese baby show, under the
management of J. H. Lewis and L. W.
Buckley, was in progress and the vari
colored costumes of the 200 juvenile
contestants of both sexes made the en
closure in front of the band stand look
like the poster of a comic opera. The
children ranged from infants of three
months to boys and girls of seven
years of age, and the squealing, cry
ing and squabbling of the youngsters,
combined with the chattering of their
parents and guardians, made a noise
that can only be likened to a menag
erie of monkeys turned loose in a
planing mill.
The fathers and mothers were deep
ly interested in the competition, but
while the latter chattered incessantly
and admonished their offspring with
all the endearing terms and gentle ex
pressions of correction known to the
vocabulary of the Chinese mother, the
former sat holding their young on
their knees with as much expression
on their features as may be found on
the faces of their own attractive look
ing gods.
The inclosure in which the embry
onic mandarins and mandarinessea
were confined was in the shape of a
square, around which ran a wooden
railing. This railing was lined ten feet
deep with Occidental femininity that
had gathered in droves to look upon
and criticize the progeny of their yel
low sisters. It seemed as if every other
woman spectator had brought a child
of her own, who crawled under the
railing and fought with the little Ce
lestials for the bags of candy that were
distributed to all hands, while its moth
er leaned over and exchanged opinions
on child culture with the matron from
across the seas.
the one brought to light when the
body of Aaron Naftaly was taken to
the Morgue last Wednesday after
noon.
Naftaly was an old man, nearly
threescore and ten, born In Turkey of
Jewish extraction, who, notwithstand
ing the fact that he had a wife, two
sons and a daughter In prosperous
circumstances, whom he labored a
lifetime to support and educate, was
allowed to die in a cellar like a friend
less dog. wanting the common necessi
ties of life.
Criminal selfishness and filial in
gratitude are hard terms to apply to
any one, and consequently they will
not be used. But here are the facts
of the case.
Many years aero Naftaly arlved in
this city from his home in Turkey, ac
companied by his wife. Though un
educated, he was frugal and industri
ous and by hard work managed to
support himself and provide for the
education of his three children. The
daughter, Mrs. Dannberg, is now the
wife of a well-to-do merchant in
Rangoon. Burmah, and two sons are
Morris and Asher Naftaly.
Aaron and his wife did not agree, so
they separated, she living in one part
of the city and he in another. Finally
the wife became ill and the husband
went to her and nursed her into health,
but the strain broke him down and
when he in turn was forced to take
to his bed his wife moved out of the
house and left him to take care of
himself. He recovered, but being old
and feeble was unable to do any heavy
work, and as his limited education pre
vented him from doing anything in
the clerical line he gradually sank
lower and lower in poverty until he
was forced to depend absolutely on the
Eureka Benevolent Society and the
charity of kind-hearted friends for his
sustenance.
His family was acquainted with his
destitute condition. The mother and
sons were informed by friends, who
urged them to do something for his re
lief, and the daughter was appealed to
by those who felt for the old man's
misery. They all turned a deaf ear to
the pleas and a short time ago the
mother and sons sailed for the Orient
without even as much as bidding him
good-by or leaving a cent for his sup
port, though they carried several thous
and dollars with them.
A few weeks ago the old fellow con
tracted a bad case of grip, and though
everything was done for him by the
Stockton Street Polyclinic, he grew
weaker and weaker, until his landlord
last Tuesday, going down into the dark
cellar that served him for room, found
his emaciated body laying on the pile
of rags and refuse that, heaped up on
the floor, served him for a bed.
The body was sent to the Morgue,
from where it was taken to Halsted's
undertaking parlors, at the order of the
Eureka Benevolent Society, which will
see that it is properly buried.
Finally thp committee of Judges com
posed of Mrs. Mary E. Tillman, Mr.
John Neall, Major Meyers and Miss A.
H. Watkinsnn, after weighing the
claims i.-f eacb baby by the scores of
American excellence came to a decision
as to which were the most deserving,
and Mr. George Trask, mounting the
band stand, bestowed the prizes on the
following winners:
Handsomest boy. Ah On.
Second handsomest, Joseph Fong.
Third handsomest. Ah Hong.
Handsomest girl. Miss Ah King.
Second, Chow Yeong.
Third, Li Que.
Honorable mention for boys, Ah Lung,
Ah Fook and Ah Ylng.
Honorable mention for girls, Ah
Fong, May Oy and Ah Choy.
Twins, Gum Tal and Ah Gum, Ah
Sam and Ah See.
The first prize for each sex was anew
suit of clothes, and in bestowing it Mr.
Trask made the slight mistake of giv
ing the boys' garments to the girls. He
soon set right, however, by Officer John
Aitken, who, as he is both a man of
family and an ex-member of the China
town squad, knows a thing or two con
cerning the habiliments of children <rf
two hemispheres.
The exhibition of the Olympic Club
last night drew a very large crowd to
the fair. The exhibition consisted of
boxing, fencing and wrestling with the
"perch bar" act by Meihling and Hoag.
The features this afternoon will be
the Chinese play, which will begin at
3:30 o'clock. Thirty actors from the
Washington-street theater will be in
the play, and at night there will be a
representation of a Chinese wedding, to
be followed hy the "Battle of Gettys
burg."
Tommy Ryan, the famous welter
Though Naftaly was quite an oJd i
man. it is the opinion of those who are
conversant with his case that with
the most ordinary comfort his life
might have been prolonged for several
years. The cellar he lived in was dark
and damp, and foc-d had not passed his
lips for three days previous to his
death. His clothing was only sufficient
to serve the ends of decency. The
only meat he ever tasted was when ;
some kind neighbor took pity on him,
and the luxury of a fire was to him un
known.
To reiterate, criminal selfishness and
filial ingratitude are hard terms, and
are therefore not used, but the blood
of an old man and a father will one
day cry out for Judgment against some
one.
To Cure Headache In 15 Minutes.
Dr. Davis' Anti-Headache. All Druggists. •
SMILED IS SHE
TOOK HER MONEY
A Woman "Flim-Flam
mer" Cleverly Robs a
Saleswoman.
Swindles Her Out of Ten Dol
lars by the Time- Worn
Change Racket.
The Unsuspecting Victim Asks the
Police to Intercept Her Pretty
Despoiler.
The police are searching for a woman
"flim-flammer" who cleverly robbed
one of the saleswomen in Freud's cor
set store, on Market street, last even
ing.
Shortly after 7 o'clock a well-dressed
woman visited the store and asked for
a corset cover. She was shown several,
and after selecting one she handed the
salesAvoman a $10 gold piece. After re
ceiving the change she started to leave
the store, but returned immediately and
asked the saleswoman to return her
the gold piece, as she had found some
silver in her pocketbook. She then
handed her unsuspecting victim 25
cents, the cost of the cover.
After a few minutes' conversation
the buyer asked the saleswoman to
change the $10 gold piece, as she needed
some silver. The young woman com
plied with her request, giving her $5 in
weight champion, will give a four
round exhibition with Baker to-night.
At a meeting of the Board of Direct
ots of the fair held last night a reso
lution of thanks was voted to all the
presidents of the County Miners' As
sociations for their courtesies and the
handsome exhibits made. The follow
ing is the musical programme for this
evening:
Overture, "Poet and Peasant"
Evening Bolls Eilenberg
Selection from "Robin Hood" De Koven
Solo for Baritone
L. Klotz.
Gavotte Viola Rogers
Scenes from "Huguenots" Meyerbeer
Solo for cornet
\V. B. Rogers.
Wai t z Esperanza Kiel
Sketch on the Levee Pueraer
March, "Miners' Jubilee"
gold and a like amount in silver.
Scarcely had she passed the change to
her when the "fiim-flammer," with a
sweet smile, requested the patient
saleswoman to give her silver for the
$5 in gold.
"I know you think I have an awful
cheek," she demurely remarked. "I
hope some day to be able to repay you
for your trouble."
In the confusion consequent on the
repeatedly changing of the money the
saleswoman not only gave the wily
purchaser the dollars in silver, but
also the gold piece, which she wanted
changed.
With many apologies for causing the
woman "so much trouble," the "change
ringer" then left the store, after prom
ising to "call again" In the near future.
It was not until the woman had been
gone for some time that it dawned
oooooocxxxxxxxxxxxxxx>ooooooooooooooooooooooooooocxk>o
I Latest Reports From the 61c on |
I the Dollar Fogel Stock .1
I at Hales. I
Q %MrWr M.M.%MiM.\f kJB O
1 Affpmnnn Rrnwri<? Wlsen sucb values are of- §
8 Aiieniouii uiuwub, fered it is better to do |
1 finmp Mnrninffs your tradin 9 before ■" 8
| UUIIIG mUllllllgO A M you have tin)e to |
I If Pnccihlp select carefully and see 8
111 rUOOIUICi tf;)e assortroents. We |
§ aye tin)e to give you the attention you |
S deserve. We have our best to wait on you |
I promptly at all times, but delays in the |
| afternoon are unavoidable. We have en)- X
5 ployed as n)uch r;elp as counter space will 8
i permit. 8
$ Now I ntQ nn T e size of tf)e fogel stocK 8
| HOW LUIO Ull or bids us showing all liQes 8
< Thp Pnnnfprc and lots at once - We will §
5 lIICUUUIIICIO eep the tables as full as is |
< flojlii practicable aod add new lines 8
s Uulljfi as fast as roon) allows. 8
5 ®®®®®SX*)®®(SX5)®(«X5XS)®^
5 [lpCPrintivP J - F°9 cl catered to a high- §
■; UCdUI[JIIVC c , ass trade His goods were 8
5 Of fhp the best and all recently pur- 8
Ul "'" chased. T\)e stocK consists |
n)ostly of Muslin Underwear p
OlUblVl aod Infants' Wear. Also son)e §
Hosiery, Ladies' Wrappers, Boys' Waists, |
Knit Uoderwear and Corsets. It was bought 8
for cash by Hole's for 39 per ceot less tbao §
pogel paid for tr;e goods. It is now being §
sold at Hole's for much; less trjan trje san>e 8
I goods could be purchased at wholesale. g
®®®!i>S!®®®SXS)(SXS)®(SXS)® O
ppnproj Miss Hulin, the expert Corset-fitter, x
Uulluldl i eavcs Saturday evening for Los |
O*prp Angeles. Ladies wishing to con- 8
" lUIC suit her roust call before 6 P. M. |
NPWC Saturday. 5
IIGWOi The neW 39c Ladies' Sbirt Waists 8
are selling rapidly. Hurry your buying or §
you n)ay be disappointed. Tbe 50c line is fs
a close second. g
New Wash Goods Keep tumbling in. |
Especially noticeable are the Plaid Giog- 8
haros and Apron Lawos. 8
i A new Plaid CbecK Taffeta Ribbon |
\ can)e io yesterday. Wide enough for wash) §
I dress sashes. C^ecKs I of an iocb wide. 8
1 Very swell. Ten colors. §
5 LJ INCORPOR/=\TeO. §
i 937-945 Market Street. 8
ZaaQQQQQOQOQOOOQQQQQOQOQQQQOtCXiQQQQQQQOQQQQQOQOQQQOQO
upon the accommodating saleswoman
that she had been cleverly robbed. She
at once visited police headquarters,
wh«re she told the story of how she
had been swindled to Chief Lees. She
describes the "flimflammer" as being
about 25 years of age. with dark hair
and eyes and fashionably dressed.
She is positive she can identify her in
case she is arrested.
This is the first instance in many
years where a woman successfully
worked the "change racket."
LARGE STAKES
TEMPT THE DOGS
High Class Long Tails Will
Fly Over the Ingleside
Park To- Morrow.
Hounds From Sacramento, Merced
and San Jose Will Enter
the Slips.
A very large and enthusiastic gather
ing of the lovers of coursing assembled
last evening in Delta Hall to witness the
"draw" for the big- stakes which will
be run for on Saturday and Sunday at
Ingleside Coursing Park. There were
forty-four dogs entered for the all-aged
open stake, which amounts to $610— that
is including the entrance fee which is
now $2 50 instead of $4 as formerly. In
the puppy stake there were twenty nomi
nations with an entrance fee of $2 50 an!
a purse of $100, making $150 to be coursed
for. Among the sportsmen who will at
tend the Ingleside meeting on Sunday
are Thomas Hall of Merced. Dr. F. F.
Tibbetts of Sacramento, D. J. Cooney of
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Mountain View, J. J. Warren of Port
Costa and other prominent sportsmen
from the interior.
The entries for the all-aged stake are:
J. Dean's Moondyne vs. J. Smith's Star
Ruby; Dillon & Reilly's Widow Brophy
vs. Lynch & Maher's Mystic Maid; Deck
elman & Panario's Old Glory vs. J. Brad
ley's Jingler; P. Gorman's Kingston vs.
J. Dean's Gladiator; Deckelman & Pa
nario's Glenroy vs. W. E. Thompson's
Victor; J. Byrne's Mohawk vs H. De
vine's Forget-Me-Not: M. Michalick a
Fireball vs. J. Farley's Snowbird; W.
Thompson's Patria vs. Lynch & Maher's
Dakota; E. Wilson's Magnet vs. F. Ken
nev's Colleen Bawn; J. Byrnes' Occiden
tal vs F Heuer's Blue Belle; P. Mc-
Laughlin's Lady Perm vs. D. Hooper's
Koolawn; Deckelman & Panario's Pat
Kerbv vs. W. Thompson's Prince
of Fashion; T. Cooney's Right
Bower vs. B. Tierney's Senorita: H. Dc
vi n.-'s Gilt Edge vs. M. Rogers' Sly Boy;
P Brophy's Benicla Boy vs. J. McCor
m'ick's White Lily; J. Murnane's Valley
Maid vs. Dr. Van Hummell's Van Nida;
Dr Van Hummell's Van Neda vs. J. Mc-
Cormick's Black Prince; J. Warren's
Sweet Lips vs. T. Cronin's True Blue: D.
Kane's Spry vs. Kay & Trant's Diana; T.
Cronin's Johnny R. vs. G. Heuer's Blue
Jay; Kay & Trant's Sylvia vs. R. H.
Lee's Crow Dos; W. Ryan's Swinnerton
vs J. Quane's Princess Marie.
Puppy Stake— J. O'Donnell's Las Pal
mas vs. D. Ford's Bonita; B. Dougherty's
Palmer Hill vs. D. Ford's Handy Andy;
A. Rosine's Santa Rosa vs. E. Wilson's
Magnicia: Connell Bros.' Log Boy vs. J.
McCormicks White Wings; D. Chilla's
St. Nicholas vs. W. Elmer's Soprano; O.
Hoag's Obediah vs. B. Sheahan's Orphan
Girl; J. Murphy's Dempsey Lass vs. Kay
& Trant's Killarney Lass; Lake & Din
een'B Murieo vh. R. Wyman's Rush o' the
Hill; J. O'Shea's Star Pointer vs. W. Dal
ton's Lady Napoleon; B. Dougherty's
Lady Thorndyke vs. J. Keenans Royal
Oak.
The probable winners of the old dog
stake are Moondyne. Widow Brophy Old
Glory. Gladiator, Victor, Mohawk Fire
ball, Patria, Magic, Occidental. Koolawn
Pat Kerby. Right Bower, Gilt Edge'
White Lily, Van Nida, Black Prince T*ue
Blue, Diana, Johnny R, Crow Dog, Swin
nerton.
Puppies— Bonita. Palmer Hill Santa
Rosa, Log Boy, St. Nicholas, Orphan
iGrl. Dempsey Lass. Rush o" the Hill
Star Pointer and Royal Oak. '