VOLTME LXXXIII.-XO. T6.
NOW MARCHING OVERLAND TO THE
RELIEF OF ICE-BOUND WHALERS
EXPEDITION
LANDED BY
THE BEAR
Starts on the Long
Trail to Point
Barrow.
Story of the Northern Voy
age Written by Lieu
tenant Berry.
The Call Correspondent Draws
a Graphic Picture of the
Mission of Mercy.
SLEDGE ISLAND PASSED.
But ths Revenue Cutter Puts In at
Capo Vanoouver and Leaves
the Overland Rescuers.
By Lieut. J. G. Berry, U. S. R. M.
UNALASKA, Alaska, Dec. 23, 1597
(Via Seattle, Feb. 13).— The overland
expedition for the relief of the whalers
imprisoned in the Arctic ice has been
landed, and is now tramping through
the snow on the long trail to Point Bar
row. Since the childhood of mankind
itself Santa Clans has started, year
after year, at this season to bring glad
ness from the frozen north, where little
gladness is. Unmindful he must be that
charity begins at home. But we must
not blame him for that, especially since
we are one and all under so deep obli
gation to him since our own childhood.
Now, however, in this enlightened age,
we are beginning to reciprocate his
kindness. And it is fitting that the
United States of America, herself a
child among nations, should be the
first to attempt to repay the debt which
for age after age has covered but one
Bide of the ledger.
The revenue steamer Bear is back at
Unalaska, unharmed and ready to fol
. low in its track, when the summer sun
A shall clear a way through the ice to
■ the Arctic Ocean. All on board are
■ well although somewhat depressed by
the prospect of a dreary winter and
spring in the comparative solitude of
: Alaska. Until this enterprise hove
: above the horizon we had planned so
v. pleasantly on enjoying the comforts of
the hospitable Pacific slope after the
long summer spent in chasing pelagic
sealers in Bering Sea or In watching
over and aiding those same -whalers
and their brothers in the Arctic. But
we have done all that can now be done
until June or July, and the rest is prac
tically dull idleness. You may think
we ought to be supremely happy to
have such a long rest. Just try it some
time.
As I informed you in my last letter
we arrived at Unalaska on December
9. We landed there all of the extra
stores destined for the whalers which
had hitherto cumbered our decks and
even taken up space ordinarily reserved
for coal. >> c also turned over to the
Mission school the boxes of Christmas
presents for the little Aleuts, which
presents had been sent by the children
of the Pacific Coast.
That night ;<e left the wharf there
and went around to Dutch Harbor,
where we began as soon as possible the
next morning to get our coal and water
on board. We took in enough coal to
bring the total up to three hundred
tons. We freshened the water in the
boiler and then filled all our tanks
with fresh water. To be sure we have
a coil for distilling salt water so that it
Is good to drink. But that takes coal
for evaporating the salt water and coal
is very valuable when you once get
etuck In the ice. For at that time we
more than half expected such an ex-
perience. The water ran but slowly
and it was fully 11 o'clock at night be
fore the last tank was full. Then, to
avoid sailing on Friday perhaps as
much as anything else. Captain Tuttle
waited until 1:35 in the morning. At
that time, December 11, we cast off
from the wharf at Dutch Harbor and
steamed out into Bering Sea.
Our good luck, which has followed us
clear from Cape Flattery, did not de
pert us now. The wind came, strong
and fair, from the southward and east-
ward, and with all sail set, the old
Bear broke into a steady lope toward
the North, leaving between ten and
eleven knots behind her ev»»ry hour.
The aim was to sight Nunlvak, the
large island off the Yukon delta, but
the horizon was not clear when we
reached the nearest point to the island,
and we passed by without seeing it. So
northward we went. Nothing but sky
and water was in sight until the 13th
at a quarter to one in the afternoon.
Then for the first time I noticed that
the surface of the sea was beginning
to be covered here and there with slick
places, as if oil had been spilled over
board and had spread out. The waves
did not break in these places, and as
they became more thickly gathered to
gether, the whole surface of the sea
>-was perceptibly calmed. Soon It be
f came apparent that this was very fine
ice. I reported the circumstance to the
captain, and he and several of the other
officers came out on deck to observe it
and to look out for other and more
formidable signs.
At 1:10 p. m. we saw the first lump
Pf ice, floating. in the midst pf one- of
The San Francisco Call
The Bear Landing the Point Barrow Party near Cape Vancouver, Nelson Island, and
Lieutenant Berry, Special Correspondent of T^e Call.
Map Showing the Route or the Bear from
Unalaska Until She Landed the Point
Barrow Expedition Near Cape Van
couver. Nelson Island.
those patches of scum. At 1:22 Jarvis
sighted St. Lawrence Island, and soon
we could make out the outlying rocks
thereof. They were covered with mow
and shore ice stretched from one to
another. To leeward of them, that is
to the northward, detached cakes of
ice were floating out to join a cluster
of dazzling, white islands, bobbing up
and down with the waves of Bering
Sea.
The temperature of the air had fallen
since we had got near the land, so that
it was now between 30 and 32 Fahren
heit. The sea water showed a temper
ature of 29 and 30, almost down to the
freezing point of salt water, which is
28. By 3 or 3:30 the Bear was well in
the ice, encountering cake after cake of
it. It was soft and mushy, but no one
knew how far it might extend, and,
moreover, if it were possible to reach
Sledge Island, who knew if the Bear
could get near enough to the hard
shore ice to make a landing? For there
might be floating Ice extending for
miles outside the grounded cakes. Per
haps the whole Bering Bea to the
northward of us was a mass of ice. So,
at 4:45 p. m., the Bear turned and stood
to the southward, hoping to find a fa
vorable place to land near the mouth
of the Yukon.
The Bear, fitted especially for work
in the ice, has a steam pipe leading to
each opening through the bottom of the
ship, so that they may be thawed out
should they become clogged with ice.
At 10:30 p. m. on the 14th a plug in the
pipe leading to one of these outboard
connections blew out. The fire-room
and engine-room immediately filled
with steam. Nothing could be seen,
even if the stationary lamps had not
gone out. Mr. Bryan, who was on
watch, could not tell but what the boil
er or main steam pipe had given way.
Finally, by means of a lantern, aided
by the sound of escaping steam, the
leak was found and the steam shut off,
but not before all engaged in the search
had got thoroughly wet and somewhat
scalded.
At 9 a, m. December 15, land was
sighted to the eastward, and the ship
stood slowly in toward it, sounding as
she went, for the water was shoal. At
3:20 p. m. we rounded Cape Vancouver,
iust Inside of JJanivuk Islana, and on,
SA^ FRAKCISCO, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1898.
THE BEAR'S CREW
APPRECIATES THE
CALL'S GENEROSITY
UNALASKA, ALASKA, Feb. 3 (via Seattle, Wash.,
Feb. 13). — United States steamer, Bear, on Arctic r«.ie.
expedition, in winter quarters at Unalaska, Alaska.
To Hon. John D. Spreckels, San Francisco Call, San
Francisco, Cal. — SIR: We, the warrant officers and crew
of the United States Arctic relief steamer Bear, wish to
testify our appreciation of the generosity of the San
Francisco Call and of your thoughtfulness for our comfort
in this bleak and desolate country of Alaska. Not only
did you call the attention, First of all men, to the suffer
ings of the imprisoned whalers, but by supplying us, who
have volunteered to rescue them, with the comforts as
well as the necessaries of life, you have served the inter
ests of humanity almost as well as in the first instance.
Very respectfully,
Judson Thurber J. R. Daniels
William Boundy T. M. Toverd
C. Johnson John Petersen
G. L. Linbert R. Hughes
L. Roscig A. Becher
Axel Swanson O. Olsen
W. Christoffersen Jack E. Crinskony
W. Schultz R. L. Aldrich
Henry Hink S. L. Johanson
A. Lindholm G. Hatman
William Goodman E. Richards
William Douglas James Kenney
Edward Crowley A. Careva
Valentine Wilde F. Crowell
James Garey James Igo
Bert Branin L. Larsen
Charles Kelly J. Harris
H. Costello.
the eastern end of Nelson Island to
the south of the Yukon delta-
Then we s Jeered to the northward
and eastward, looking for a village —
there are two of them on the chart
there — from which the expedition
might be started. For the dogs which
we had brought from Unalaska were
not trained, and although they would
have to be trained as they went, pro
vided no others were obtainable, it
would be ever so much better to get
from the Eskimos dogs that had done
the work before. Now, for an hour or
so, the temperature of the air and
water as well fell to 24 degrees F., well
below the freezing point of salt water
and new ice was forming, thin but
hard, inside between the thicker but
soft ice and the land.
At 3:50 we sighted a village, found
afterward to be Tunumak, and at 4:15
the Bear anchored in Hazen Bay,
about eight miles from the village, to
wait for daylight. All that night the
ice went by us, drifting with the tide
at the rate of three knots per hour at
its strongest. Then as the tide turned,
back it all came. Sometimes it swept
off shore, outside of us; again it would
swerve in and envelop the vessel. The
thin new. ice had melted by this time
as the temperature of the water rose
to 29 and 30 degrees. But the wind
came down in the heaviest kind of
squalls from the mountain tops.
On the 16th at 8:45 a. m., we got un
der way and stood in a little way
toward the village, and at 9:20 an
chored. Hardly was the anchor down
when two kayaks were seen coming
toward the ehlp. They bone off coyly
and would not come too near us. The
craft apparently held but one man
each. I say "apparently," because
frequently a kayak will come from a
long distance and the man will get out.
Presently, from one end of the craft
a squaw will emerge, then two or
three children will make their appear
ance. Finally some dried fish, their
staple food, is brought out, and the
observers wonder, just as when a
magician hauls yard after yard of rib
bon from his mouth. Then Lieutenant
Jarvis went ashore to see if it were prac
ticable to land. Meanwhile a two
hatch bidarke had come over from
Tunumak to the Cape Vancouver
beach. A half-breed trader in this
craft told Jarvis that he was going to
St. Michael in a day or two. He ex
pected to reach the settlement in ten
days and the overland expedition
might go with him. This was un
expected luck. Allowing for two days
to get ready, that would bring them
into St. Michael by December 28. As
the whole Yukon delta is, so far as the
charts tell us, a trackless waste, there
is no knowing Just what direction the
guide would take. But following the
villages as shown In the chart, the dis
tance from Cape Vancouver to St. Mich
ael, cannot be less than 240 miles. Con
sidering the nature of ground and the
reputed fact that the rivers are not yet
fully frozen over ten days seems only
too short. I doubt if they got to the
end of this, the first stage of their
journey, before the 10th of January.
Of course Jarvis was delighted at this
good luck at the very outset of the
undertaking, and upon hia return to
the ship preparations were at once be
gun for landing the expedition.
Accordingly at 10:30 o'clock Bertholf
shoved off with one boatload of gear.
Shortly after the second boat with
Jarvis, Dr. S. J. Call and F. Koltchoff,
who has lived in this part of the coun
try for some years, left the ship with
most of the rest of the outfit. I went
with this boat. Brown w-as not going
to send any officer to bring back the
boat, but I wanted to see Bertholf at
the last moment. Besides that, so long
as they would not let me go in the
overland expedition, I wanted to have
a* juui-h fun as I could with the fellows
that were going. So I prevailed on him
to let me go.
Bertholf went sailing along merrily
until he got opposite the place selected
for the landing. When he found him
self down to leeward he dowsed his
sail and pulled to the shore. It was
blowing a gale and the sails on both
boats were reefed, with the sprit out.
We had not much more than gotten
clear of the ship in our boat before the
mast went over the side, taking with it
the thwart in which it was stepped.
So we had to row the whole two miles
to the shore, mostly against the wind.
The spray dashed over the boat until
the crew and Mr. Koltchoff, who were
dressed in the clothing furnished by the
San Francisco Examiner, were wet to
the skin. But the rest of us, clothed in
the fur parkays and trousers given us
by The Call, were as dry as a bone.
Koltchoff made several remarks unsuit
ed to the climate, and, since he also
had the fur clothes from The Call,
although he had not chosen to wear
them as yet, I could not feel so sorry
for him as I might have done. Bertholf
had unloaded his boat and sent it back
to the ship before we reached the
beach. When we arrived he was stand
ing in the midst of a pile of goods and
Continued on Second Page.
NEWS OF THE DAY.
Weather forecast for San Fran
cisco: Fair Monday; continued warm
weather.
Maximum temperature for the past
twenty-four hours:
San Francisco 68 degree*
Portland 68 degrees
Los Angeles \BO degrees
San Diego 70 degree*
FIRST PAGE.
Rescue of Ice-bound Whalers.
Fighting San Jose Boodlers.
SECOND PAGE.
Los Angeles and Corporations.
Seeking Haines' Brother.
THIRD PAGE.
War Clouds in Central America.
Beal Branding Successful.
Klondike Relief Steamer Bails.
Witness Spirited Away.
France Faces a Crisis.
Spaniards Tamper With Mall.
FOURTH PAGE.
Riot on a Japanese Steamer.
Death of a Hungarian Diplomat.
Work Before Congress.
Garcia and Wife Arrested.
Fast Hounds Are Poisoned.
FIFTH PAGE.
Raymond Adds to His Confession.
Todd Sloan and His Rival.
Tried to Kill His Partner.
SIXTH PAGE.
Editorial.
Put Up or Shut Up.
Our Enormous Business.
The Water Rates.
Lincoln Day Speeches.
Clearing the Decks.
The Maid and the Matron.
"Individual Thoughts," by a Modest
Critic.
Answers to Correspondents.
SEVENTH PAGE.
Judge Denny, the Turf Wonder.
Thomas Hill's Nemesis.
A Syrian Wedding.
EIGHTH PAGE.
News Along the Water Front.
The New Major-General.
Celts at the Chutes.
National Guard Notes.
Arrested at a Funeral.
NINTH PAGE.
News From Across the Bay.
Shooting at Shell Mound.
TENTH PAGE.
"Lincoln Day" Sermons.
ELEVENTH PAGE.
Births, Marriages. Deaths.
TWELFTH PAGE.
A Sensational Suit Promised.
Veterans Play Baseball.
Grand Jury After Teachers.
A New Klondike Sleigh.
SAN JOSE'S
BIG BATTLE
FOR FREEDOM
Thorough Organization to
Secure an Honest
Government.
Under the Banner of the New
Charter Club the Citizens
Will Drive Boodiers From
the City.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 13.— Aroused to ac
tion by a realization of the wide-spread
corruption that exists in the adminis
tration of municipal affairs the best
citizens of the city of San Jose have
organized for the overthrow of the men
who seek public office for the benefits
that they may secure for themselves,
for their relatives and their friends.
How thoroughly the corrupt political
gang has control of every department
of the city and county governments and
how inconceivably corrupt are the men
and methods of this band of boodlers
have been brought home to the citizens
by the exposures made in The Call dur
ing the past few months. This is ad
mitted by every decent and reputable
resident of San Jose and of Santa Clara
County.
The city election is only about seven
weeks ahead, and the people see in this
event their way to pure and economical
municipal administration. An organi
zation has already been effected and
plans have been formulated which are
designed to place the reins of San Jose's
government in such hands that this
city will in the future be held up as a
modal of all that is desirable and com
mendable in municipal government.
In this grand and noble work for the
public welfare are enlisted many of the
most wealthy, influential and promi
nent citlzenE., They have joined hands
under the banner of the New Charter
Club, which was instrumental, more
than any other influence, in securing
the adoption of the present charter for
San Jose, an instrument acknowledged
to be one of the best ever approved by
the Legislature of the State.
The officers of the club are as fol
lows: President, H. E. Schilling; vice
president, J. P. Jarman; secretary, D.
M. Burnett; financial secretary, J. J.
Southeimer; treasurer, T. Ellard Beans.
Schilling is an ex-Mayor and ex-Coun
cilman of San Jose, and is known as one
of the strongest anti-gang men in the
community. During his term of office
he was always found on the side of the
people despite the desperate efforts of
the gangsters to whip him into their
camp by tricks and threats. Jarman is
also an ex-Councilman and his record
is one that ensures him the confidence
of the people under all circumstances.
Burnett is an attorney and has the good
government movement greatly at heart.
He has been ready at all times to give
the benefit of his advice to the leaders
of the movement and always with good
results. Beans is the president of the
Bank of San Jose and no man stands
higher in the community in every re
spect. Southeimer is an ex-County
Clerk of this county and in that posi
tion showed that he was worthy of any
political trust and honor that might
be conferred upon him.
Part of the organization of the club
comprises two constitutional commit
tees. One of these is the advisory com
mittee, of which T. A. Carroll is chair
man. This committee deals with the
policy of the club, but its functions are
simply advisory. It is composed of fif
teen members. It also decides the man
ner in which the campaign shall be
carried on, has power to appoint sub
ordinate committees and arrange pre
cinct organization. The other commit
tee is the finance committee. This con
sists of eleven members, and its chair
man is C. M. Wooster. These two com
mittees, with the president of the club,
comprise what is called the nominating
committee, before which the names of
all candidates for the several offices
to be filled in the coming election are
placed for consideration. After the
committee has made its selection the
name is submitted to the club for the
approval of the members themselves.
Should the name be unacceptable the
committee is so informed. It is its
duty then to submit other names until
the approval of the club Is secured.
It is the avowed purpose of the club
to place a full ticket in the field for the
election for city officers to be held on
April 11. At that time the people will
elect a Mayor, Treasurer. City Clerk,
five Councilmen and an Appointing
Board of fifteen members. The great
fight will be on the Mayor and the
Appointing Board. The latter will have
the duty to perform of appointing a
Board of Health, Board of Education,
Board of Free Public Library Trustees,
Board of Park Commissioners and
Board of Police and Fire Commission
ers. Each of these boards is to consist
of five members. It is the great powers
thus placed in the hands of the Ap
pointing Board that will make it one
of the chief bones of contention. The
Mayor is also a member of this board,
and it requires eight votes to make an
appointment.
Every person Is eligible to member
ship in the New Charter Club who is
against the present gang rule, and who
has no affiliation in any manner with
the gangsters and boodlers. The great
est care will bo exercised to. exclude}
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
those who are known to have any con*
nection with the ring of corruptionißts,
and even more caution will be used to
see that none but persons absolutely
free from even the taint of the gang
are nominated for any of the city offi
ces. The New Charter Club is organized
on an absolutely non-partisan basis,
and former party affiliation will not be
allowed to enter into any question un
der consideration. Every effort and
sacrifice, if necessary, will be made to
maintain harmony in the ranks of the
club, as it is fully realized that victory
can only come by united and energetic
action. As showing the non-partisan
character of the organization it may be
stated that the chairman of the finan
cial committee is a Republican, while
the chairman of the advisory commit
tee is a Democrat. All parties are also
equitably represented in the personnel
of bath these committees.
The officers of the club state that
they intend to place a ticket in the field
! that will meet with the approval of the
people from top to bottom, and that
there will not be a single man on the
New Charter Club ticket for whom it
I will be necessary to apologize. They
! say their idea is to put up such a ticket
| that whoever wants good and econom
| ical government will be able to vote the
| club ticket straight from top to bottom.
i Only well-known men of established in
' tpgrity in business and private aflair»
i will be placed on the ticket.
The club now has a membership of
! about 250, and it is growing at~the rate
of 100 each week. The nominations
made by the club will be given to the
public in about three weeks, and cer
tainly not later than four weeks from
this writing. The reason for announc
ing the ticket so early is to give any
element that Is not satisfied with the
nominations of the club ample oppor
tunity to place other candidates In tha
field.
Under the old charter there was no
salary attached to the position of coun
cilman, and the Mayor received only
$600 a year. Under the present Instru
ment the councilmen get each $300 a
year, and the Mayor's compensation is
$2000 a year. This matter of salary, It
Is believed, will be an additional In
ducement to good men to accept the
honors of those offices, but will also be
a further incentive for the boodle gang
sters and their heelers to make desper
ate efforts to defeat the decent and re
spectable people.
The work of the New Charter Club
is not to be confined altogether to
matters pertaining directly to the ap
proaching election. There is a special
committee of ten. whose duty It Is to
see that all the provisions of the new
charter are being carried out by the
official Incumbents and to prevent or
punish violations of the charter and of
the laws. Two injunction suits brought
by the club against the council to pre
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
. I ftfj^yj C% There are bandits
.:. JL^M^M^ ]^ . Jf^* nowadays as well
"^T^r^^g> Businessmen
J\^)mKw^ 'l^Blßhave to meet what
*^BC iiffftjr|~iw"*V copniit violence
9 Wy~— V>L_^^ pistol, but they re-
(7 i^/t^jdClll^ja^ sort to all manner,
iff iJLmi^ g -~^Jil of dishonest busi-
■ '^ ""s - ness methods, and
the honest business man must be brave,
strong and steady if he would | meet and
overcome them. The modern business man
needs above all other qualifications— good
health. Without good health, he may be,
naturally shrewd, bright and capable, but he-
will eventually fail. It takes a keen brain
- and steady nerves to be successful. > Impure
blood will befog the brightest brain and'
shake the steadiest nerves.
»The greatest known blood -maker and
purifier is Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Dis-
covery. * It corrects all disorders of the di-
gestion, tones the liver, makes the appetite
keen and assimilation perfect, j Consequent-
ly the * blood is plentifully ■ supplied with
the elements of nutrition and , the body is.
properly. nourished. It cures 98 per cent.
: of , all I j cases ': of consumption. All good'
druggists sell it. ; j
H. Gaddis, E»q., of No. 313 S. J. Street, Tacoma,
Washington, writes: "I was taken ill in Peb-
ruary, 1802, with headache and pain in my back.
I called . in a doctor and Ihe came three | times.
He said I was bilious, but I kept getting worse.
1 I took a coug-h Iso that I could only sleep when
propped up in bed. My lungs hurt me and I got
so poor that I was just skin and bone. I thought
I was going to die. I tried a bottle of Doctor
, Pierces Golden Medical Discovery and it did me
•o much good that I tried -another one and it
" made me strong and well. ;; It saved my life." •■,' ■-;■■•
, .The 1 People's Common > Sense Medical ,
Adviser. A large book of 1,008 pages over
•s• s 300 4 illustrations. Every woman should ~
[ have , it. T » It is full of tha information that .
[ women should possess. " The best medical 9
book ever published. ? It saves doctor's bills, "
worry of ' mind, and, more than all, days,
weeks and months of sickness in -every, -
household where it finds a place. Whoever
wants a copy of this book in strong paper :
covers ' may obtain > w it [ absolutely free . by .
'sending 21 one-cent stamps— to"; pay merely*
; the cost of mailing— to World'? Dispensary .
Medical Association, Buffalo, N. Y. If aj s
binding of cloth is preferred, send im ceaU2
vent that body from consummating
contracts that would result in the rob
bery of the people are to come un for
hearing to-morrow. It is not urfri\ely,
as the result of the charge? of Sribery
made against two members of the
council by Mrs. Scully, that the club
will take action to have the accused
prosecuted criminally, and it may also
in the near future bring suit to oust the
entire council. More than one offense
upon which to base such action exists.
Every move made by the club is in
tended to demonstrate to the people
that the movement it is back of and
the candidates whom it may put for
ward are worthy of support by every
man who is a tax-payer or a resident of
the city of Pan Jose. The members of
the club do not propose to let the people
forget how the tax rate has been in
creased, through the raids made on the
city treasury by the boodlers, from 80
cents on the $100, before the advent of
the gang, to $1 40 during one of the
years since the gang got control.
It is in view to organize precinct
clubs, so that every portion of the city
will be brought in touch with the main
organization. It is common talk that
the coming April will see one of th«
hottest political battles in the city of
San Jose that have ever been fought in
the State. It will be a fair and square
contest between the tax-payers and the
tax-eaters, with the odds in favor of
the former. The people now fully
realize the state of bondage they have
been held in through the machinations
of "the gang." They will be given the
means of regaining control of the reins
of government, and from the energy
that is now being displayed by the rep
resentatives of the better element, the
tax-payers will not fail to give their
time and their votes to the men who
promise freedom from the raids and
from the reign of terror inaugurateo.
and maintained by the political cor
morants who have so long infested the
city of San Jose and the county of
Santa Clara.
MARCHING TO RELIEF
OF THE WHALERS,
Continued from First Page.
several natives had gathered around to
take an account of his stock and to
wonder what such an interesting
young man could have done that he
should have been marooned on such a i
barren shore. Jarvis upon landing be- I
gan to talk to the Eskimos with his I
forefinger, pointing out that he wanted
the goods taken in their kyacks to the j
village. They promptly began loading j
the skin boats. They are an obedient }
race. I could not help contrasting their
behavior with what one might expect
from Caucasians who had a corner in
boats.
Meanwhile the boat was unloaded
and the supplies were carried about
fifty feet up the beach to be clear from j
the rising tide. Then I had the men j
lash down the broken mast thwart with
the help of a few nails borrowed from !
the overland expedition. Then, stay- j
ing the mast while we bade them good I
by, good 1 uck and godspeed, and. I
shoving off from the beach, we ran be- !
fore the gale off to the ship.
The first boat had in the interval got
hopelessly entangled in the ice, making
it necessary for the ship to get under
way to pick It up. They had accom
plished this, and were again anchored i
within the line of ice when we came
along. But I jammed the boat into the
drifting mass well ahead of the vessel,
took the sail, and with the oars just
managed to get within reach of a line
from her as we were swept by. After
we had eaten our dinner, the remain- j
Ing articles having been collected, our
anchorage was shifted again, so as to j
bring it further to windward of the j
landing place and clear of ice, so that
the boat might make a good start. S<r
at about 2:30 p. m. we started again
In the same boat, whose mast step had
been repaired by the carpenter. I nev
er saw a boat so loaded. There were
two long frame sleds, almost as long
as the boat itself, seven big dogs, sev
eral boxes of dried fish, feed for dc-gs, v
sundry other packages and the crew of I
five men and myself. There was no
chance to use the oars, and the wind
was still howling down from the moun- j
tains. We shoved off, with sail reefed, j
Eliding off to leeward almost as much |
as we wene ahead. We were so clus
tered that I could n<-t place the men j
and dogs so as to balance the boat well !
for sailing. To increase the disorder I
two of the dogs began fighting. The ,
men tried to stop them, at which I was |
surprised, for it is not the nature of
men to stop a dog fight.
Presently, however, the wind began !
to lull as it came more under the lee j
of the land, and we shook out the reef I
In the sail. In due time we reached ,
the place where we had landed before,
but the travelers were trending toward
the village. Finally, seeing no sign i
from the boat of our friends, and ob- i
serving that the sun was pretty near :
the horizon, I decided to land, espe- \
cially since my orders were to put the j
things ashore wherever possible,
whether the people were near or not. !
Landing, then, at the first place where ■
we could get in comfortably, I saw :
tracks of the travelers trending toward i
the village. Of course, I knew that ,
they would not come for the sleds and ;
things until the next day, perhaps not j
for a couple of days. But the supplies
were considerably nearer them on the |
beach anywhere than they would be on
the Bear, especially if we had to get ;
out of there during the night. And the
dogs would live for at least four days
without food. So ashore everything
went. I hope that Jarvis has them
now. But I did hate to leave those ,
poor dogs out there alone in the snow. '
Returning the wind freshened again !
and as we went alongside, the ship she '
was getting up her anchor. At 4:10 we [
were under way, but the water shoaling
we anchored again at 4:55 to wait for
daylight. If any of The Call's readers
are planning to take any little excur- I
sions of a similar nature it will be in- ,
teresting to know what the argonauts
took with them. There were fifty
pounds of beans, fifty pounds of pportk t
two cases of canned meat, two cases of
hard bread, twenty-four pounds of ba- ■
con, one large knife, half-dozen table
spoons, half-dozen teaspoons, half- ,
dozen knives and forks, two rifles, one
shotgun, 400 rifle and 100 rounds shot
gun ammunition, two sleds, seven dogs,
four sleeping bags, two cases coal oil, ;
one lantern, 300 pounds fish for the i
dogs, one camp stove and outfit, two \
sacks flour, one package leaf tobacco |
and one large box of cigarettes.
It is intended to take with them only )
enough provisions to last from one vilr I
lage to another, getting a fresh supply ;
at each stopping place. Much of these
supplies may be used in trading with I
the natives for dogs, etc., before start- |
BANDED TO SECURE
BETTER GOVERNMENT
Officers of the New Charter Club Say It
Is Time That Respectable Citizens
of San Jose Were Aroused to
Their Danger.
13.— T0 the Editor of The Call, San
Francisco: As to my views with reference to the pres
ent and past condition of affairs in San Jose, I will
state that I believe the proper time has arrived when
the respectable citizens, who are in favor of a good
and economical government, should bestir themselves
and take the proper steps at the coming oity election
to secure their desire. To secure the result desired,
they must not be divided by any "issues" or partisan
motives, but must present a united and a determined
opposition to the selection for any office of a person
who is or who has been identilied with, or who has any
affiliation, no matter how slight, with the disreputable
element who now control the government of our .city.
The New Charter Club, an organization, has been
formed to assist in securing to this city honest. Tear
less and capable men for the various positions of public
trust within the gift of the city. Its principles are: A
determined and organized opposition to any and all
propositions which in any way savor of bossism or
gang rule; to oppose corrupt men and methoGs, and to
put forward and support men who are representative
citizens and who are honest and capable, and whose
election to office will be a credit instead of a detriment
to the interests of our city.
In conclusion, as president of the New Charter
Club of San Jose, I would earnestly request all of our
citizens who desire a change in the condition of affairs
in this city, and who desire to present a strong and
successful opposition to the elements which now con
trol our city, to refrain from circulating or signing pe
titions for any candidate for office until the Charter
Club ticket has been nominated and published, which
event will occur in ample time before election so that
any person who may not be satisfied can have ample
opportunity to exercise his right as an elector in any
manner he may see fit.
I desire also to extend my thanks to and to indorse
The Call for the position it has taken, and for the as
sistance it is giving us in our fight for good govern
ment, and also to all other newspapers who have ex
pressed a friendly feeling toward our cause.
President New Charter Club.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 13.— T0 the Editor of The Call, San
Francisco: The advisory committee of the New Char
ter Club is composed of fifteen members. This com
mittee, of which I am chairman, is pledged to devote
its energies to the interests of the people in the ap
proaching campaign. It will act in the capacity of a
steering committee, both as to the policy of the club
and as to the plan of campaign in the approaching city
election. It will carry out what it believes to be the
wishes of the people in regard to good and economical
government of the city.
Not only will it be our endeavor to see that only
ing from Tunumak. As they get further
along articles will be obtained, if pos
sible, from the natives by means of
orders for supplies which Captain Tut
tle will redeem in the summer as we
follow the track of the wanderers.
Now that the overland expedition is
landed and on its way let us revise our
table of distances a little and remem
ber that they are expressed in nautical
miles and that there are 6080 feet in one
of them as against only 5280 feet in the
statute mile in which you reckon dis
tances on land. We cannot tell Just
how many miles they will have to
travel over. Perhaps we cannot come
within a hundred miles. They may
find places here and there where a
crossing on ice will cut off many miles,
such as the short cut across Kotzebue
Sound if that is practicable. Again, ob
stacles will undoubtedly be met with
which will increase the distances; ob
stacles that are not on the chart, but
which exist none the less. Here they
are, so far as I can figure it out:
MIIPA.
Cap* Vancouver to St. Michael 24<>
St. Michael to l.'naluklik <*>
t'nalakllk to Golovine Buy ZZS
Golovine Bay to Point Rodney So
iJlxlnnce lost by landing at Cap« Van
couver instead of at Sledge Island, as
hoped .: •••• 625
Point Kodney to Port C1arence. ........ <.... .33
Port Clarence to Cape Prince of Wales.... 40
Cape Prince of Wales to Point Hope 420
Point Hope to Point 8arr0w.................. 320
Total ............:. ....:. ■..;.V::.'.....v.'..;::.1.440
I cannot come anywhere near to an
accurate estimate of the length of time
that it will take the overland expedi
tion to cover this 1440 miles. There Is
nothing to figure on. They may have
some exceptional good luck. But they
will, without doubt, have delay after
delay. The sun does not rise now un
til 9 a. m., and it sets at 3 p. m. The
natives themselves will not travel in
darkness. This reduces the available
day to six hours unless the moon
shines. Owing to the fact that the
moon will be as far south as the sun
itself, I doubt if they will get much
benefit from it. Besides this, the
storms will drive over the country with
great frequency, keepiDg; them within
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1898.
men of known probity and ability are elected to every
one of the city offices to be filled, but we shall make
it part of our duty to see that they are held up to a
proper discharge of their duty after they are Installed.
They will be given due credit for service well per
formed, and they will not be spared if they fail in
their duty.
We expect the men who are elected to carry on the
city's affairs on the one dollar limit, as we believe the
expense of conducting all the departments of the city
government can be reduced twenty-five per cent with
out interfering with their proper administration or
with necessary improvements. The people teel that an
enormous amount of money is now expended in a
wasteful and extravagant manner. The people are now
fully aware of the peculiar methods that have been
adopted by the city officials. The work of The Call in
exposing these matters is fully appreciated by the peo
ple, and they expect that they will be able to rely on
The Call to help them in the April election.
Everybody is looking to The Call for a full, fair and
honest statement of the condition of affairs here. We
look upon what The Call has done in the past as a
benefit to the people, as it has called the attention of
the citizens here to the extraordinary manner In which
the city officials have been conducting affairs. They
look for the support of The Call until victory is
achieved for the people.
Chairman Advisory Committee, New Charter Club.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 13.— T0 the Editor of The Call, San
Francisco: The New Charter Club is organized for the
purpose of assisting the election of representative and
capable men to the municipal offices. The new charter
was framed on economic lines, which forbid the waste
incident to the rule of machine politics. Men accus
tomed to financial economy in the business affairs of
life are the kind of representatives necessary to the
efficacy of good government. Men who are friendly to
the reforms in the new charter are essential to Its suc
cess. The charter in such hands will prove a great
boon to the city of San Jose. It is pronounced by good
judges throughout the State to be the best municipal
charter in California, but good laws are useless in the
hands of men unwilling to enforce them. The general
laws of California are good, but they are rendered use
less by the lax method of enforcing them. More busi
ness men in office and less machine politics. 1 think, is
the panacea. I am pleased to see such an important
factor as The Call working on these lines.
Chairman Finance Committee, New Charter Club.
the native huts for days, even weeks,
at a time. Snowstorms may overtake
them between stations. In such a case
we cannot tell what will happen. They
will lose their way, perhaps. Moun
tains 1000 or 2000 feet high must be
crossed. Rivers that may or may not
be frozen completely over will deceive
them. The members of the expedition
may fall sick or be injured, so that it
might be necessary to wait a long time
for them.
Now you have as much insight into
the problem as I have, and I would sug
gest that there is a first-class chance
for a guessing contest among the read
ers of The Call. The expedition left the
Bear on December 16, 1897. When will
it reach Point Barrow?
At 8:40 a. m., December 17, we got up
anchor and stood out to the northward
of Nunivak Island, sounding as we
went, because the shcml water extends
away out of sight of land. From the
ship, before we left, we could see no
sign of the travelers coming for the
sleds and supplies that we had left on
the beach for them. We steamed slow
ly out, stopping and even backing
whenever the water shoaled to five
fathoms or less. The vessel draws three
fathoms, and we got as low as four
and a half, leaving only nine feet be
tween the keel and the bottom of the
sea. But the sea was smooth in these
places, so there was no damage done.
That night the sea Increased until by 3
o'clock the next morning we were ly
ing to.
All that night and until midnight of
the 18th we lay to, drifting off to the
northward and westward. Then the
vessel's head was pointed for St. Paul
Island and her speed was gradually In
creased until by 6 a. m. of the 19th
the Bear was steaming at full speed on
the homeward road, if the Aleutian Is
lands can be called a home for man.
Captain Tuttle had taken Mr. Baldwin,
the agent of the North American Com
mercial Company, on board for pas
sage to St. Paul Island. Not wishing to
delay the expedition by landing him
on the outward trip he was taken along
with us to the north, running bis risk
I with us of bring frozen in. Now, how
i ever, our work being done for the
present, we were to visit the seal is
j lands and Baldwin would have plenty
I of time to attend to the affairs of the
: company.
Communication in Bering Sea is so
'■ precarious that the revenue cutters and
I naval vessels have always extended to
I the various companies of Alaska all the
j courtesies possible in the way of trans
portation. #
On December 20, at 11:50 a. m., we
| anchored in Village Cove, St. Paul Is
j land. In the summer time the seal is
' lands are almost continually shrouded
in an envelope of fog. That is supposed
to be the reason why the seal likes to
live there. But in the winter the air
{is clear as a bell. We sighted the is
land at least thirty miles off. In the
■ summer you are lucky to see It when
! more than three-quarters of a mile
I away and the United States ship
j Adams, some years ago, did not see the
island until she was piled up on the
beach. But then it was indistinct.
Captain Tuttle's instructions to Lieu
i tenant Jarvls are as follows:
j United States Revenue Steamer Bear,
December 16, 1897.
First Lieutenant D. H. Jarvls, U. S. R.
!C. S., United States Revenue steamer
; Bear: Sir— You are detailed to take
i charge of the overland party from the
i Bear for the relief of the whalers at
! Point Barrow. Lieutenant E. P. Bertholf.
IR. C. S.. Surgeon S. J. Call and F.
Koltchoff will comprise the party from
the vessel. Inclosed are instructions
| from the department, by .which you will
;' be guided as far as practicable. They
I are full and appear to cover every point
! and to leave me little to add. The party
I will be under your sole control, and you
j will make such disposition of them as
i may seem most advisable to you under
any and all circumstances.
Whenever it becomes necessary to em
ploy natlvps and thoir outfits of dogs
| and sledßea, or procure provisions from
i them, make a nof of articles and the
! amounts promised for the same; if prac
j ticable, give the natives a copy .to pre
sent when the Bear is met, and the arti
j cles will bfl delivered.
The department does not. in its letter,
! mention the whalers to. the eastward of
I Point Barrow. If you hear from them
use your own judgment as to what can
be clone for their relief. At this dis
tance and the utter lack of knowledge
of their circumstances, it is impossible
for me to give any directions. I shall
leave Unalaska as early as there will be
any possible chance to get through the
ice. If St. Michael be open, I shall call
there. If not, Port Clarence and Cape
Prince of Wales will be visited in search
of news of the expedition. I hope to
reach Point Hope early in July. Should
any of the whalers be there, will land
provisions enough To last them until I
return from Point Barrow. If any part
of the expedition should be along the
shores, I suggest you to direct them to
make smudges of heavy smoke to attract
attention on board the Bear, should she
be sighted. A good lookout will be kept
from the vessel for such signals.
In conclusion, any matters that may
come up which are not covered by these
instructions are left to your own judg
ment, and whatever you may do will
meet with the approval of the depart
ment. If opportunity offers, communi
cate with me at Unalaska and leave in
formation as to your own progress at
Port Clarence, Cape Prince of Wales,
Kotzebue Sound and Point Hope, to be
picked up on the arrival of the Bear at
these places. Also, if possible, send cop
ies of all communications to the depart
ment. Respectfully yours.
F. TUTTLE,
Captain, U. S. R. S., Commanding.
These instructions show that the
overland expedition is to be conducted
mainly on I O Us. But the natires
have great faith in the promises of the
United States Government, and I see
no reason to fear for the success of the
scheme.
The colder the weather, within
reasonable limits, of course, the bet tf ?r
they can travel. Over hard-crusted
snow, under favorable conditions, a dog
sledge with twelve dogs can make as
much as sixty miles a day. Koltchoff
claims to have made over a hundred
miles a day for two or three days on a
dog sledge. But nothing is so discour
aging to a traveler as soft snow, es
pecially snow that lets on that it is
going to bear you and then goes back
on you at the last moment. Any way
that you look at it they have a tre
mendous job in hand, and I prophesy
that, whether they reach Point Barrow
or not, there will be nowhere in the
world such enthusiastic advocates of
good roads as the members of the
Bear's overland relief expedition.
CAPTAIN TUTTLE'S
OFFICIAL REPORT.
Tells Secretary Gage of the Landing
of the Expedition to Rescue
the Whalers.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 13.— The Secre
tary of the Treasury to-day received
the following report from the captain
of the Bear:
Seattle, Feb. 13, 1898.
Secretary of the Treasury: The Bear
arrived at l T nalaska at noon of Decem
ber 9, coaled and watered 'there an<l sailed
for the north at 1:35 a. m. on the 11th,
arrived off the southeast cape of St. Law
rence Island at 2 p. m. on the 13th, where
ice was encountered, and on December
14 ice was forming rapidly. Cape Nome
was ninety-six miles distant. I conclud
ed that the vessel would be frozen in
long before the Cape could be reached,
and therefore turned and steamrd south
ward for Cape Vancouver, which was
reached at 3:T>o p. m. on the 15th, too late
to make a landing. The relief party,
Lieutenants Jarvis and liertholf, Dr. rail
and Mr. Koltchoff, with their outfits and
malls fur St. Michael and the north, were
landed on the lfith about five miles from
the village of Tununak. Cape Vancouver.
Lieutenant Jarvis made arrangements
with the trailer of the village to guide
and assist hi? party <o St. Michael which
place the trader s;dd could be reached in
ten days via Andreafski. On account
of bad weather and running ice the Bear
could not remain to see the party started
overland. We sailed from Vancouver at
8:40 a. m. on the 17th, and called at the
Seal Islands on the 20th and 21st. All
were well there. "We arrived at I'n
alaska December 22. All well. Th >
branded seals are. returning to St. Paul
Island. F. TI.'TTLE, Captain.
Assistant Secretary of the Treasury
Howell to-night, in conversation with
The Call correspondent, expressed him
self as well pleased that the Bear had
landed the rwverland party so nearly ac
cording to the programme, although it
would have been much better for the
overland party if the Bear could have
reached a point nearer St. Michael.
Captain Shoemaker, when seen early
in the evening, had not yet seen the re
port of Captain Tuttle. He said: "My
calculation was that the Bear would
reach Sledge Island about December 15,
or between that and the 20th, for the
Bear would only stop at Unalaska to
take coal and water. I was not sure
that the Bear could land the party in
Norton Sound though I believed that it
might be done. I calculated that the
party would start for Point Barrow
after making arrangements for the deer
and that the Bear would return to Una
laska and winter there and then start
north as soon as the ice broke in the
spring or early summer."
As this was before Captain Shoe
maker had seen Captain Tuttle's report
it shows that his calculation was cor
rect.
Captain Shoemaker said further: 'Of
course the orders to Captain Tuttle left
matters largely to his discretion, but
we did not expect that any great
amount of provisions could be hauled
overland or packed by the deer, the
intention being merely to drive a large
herd of them to Point Barrow, where
they would be slaughtered for meat and
that the additional food supplies would
be carried by the Bear and would reach
there in July. Since then, however, I
have talked with men from that coun
try who are familiar with the drawing
and packing capacity of the deer and
they say that each animal ought to
pack 100 pounds, but even if they were
only able to pack fifty pounds each five
hundred of them could carry 25,000
pounds of provisions and this, with the
deer meat, would have maintained the
whalers until the Bear arrived in July."
Captain Shoemaker said that as far
as he knew there was no intention of
detaching any officers from the Bear.
"I cannot understand how such a re
port could have originated," Baid he.
"I do not see how we could detach any
officer from the Bear before her cruise
is ended, for she cannot be reached. I
will understand the situation better,
though, after I have seen the full re
port of Captain Tuttle, which I under
stand is coming from Seattle by mail."
Captain Shoemaker paid furthermore
that the Corwin Avould soon be fitted
out for a northern cruise, and that it
was likely that she would follow the
Bear to the whalers' relief. This de
pended, ho\rr \er, on Captain Tuttle's
report and later developments. He
said that the Corwin would, be sent to
Alaskan waters, at any rate, where
she could find plenty of employment
when the spring and summer rush to
the Klondike set in.
Captain Shoemaker asked the corre
spondent concerning the report that
the Thrasher would be equipped by San
Francisco parties and that she would
try to beat the Bear to Point Barrow.
"If she beats the Bear she Is a good
one," said the captain, who is very
proud of the vessel. "The Corwin is a
smaller vessel and might possibly for
that reason be able to get through the
ice and round the point to Point Barrow
sooner than the Bear, but the Thrash
er cannot do it. I think that no vessel
ever left a port so well equipped for
such an expedition as the Bear. It
cost the Government $15,000 in addi
tion to the amount furnished by The
Call and other parties, so that the
total sum for her equipment approx
imated $26,000."
DEFY THE
LAWS OF
THE CITY
Los Angeles Corpora
tions Ignore an
Ordinance.
Making No Attempt to
Place Wires Under
ground.
One Magnate Boasts That He
Can Cause the Repeal of
the Act.
WATER COMPANY SCHEME
Striving for « Reappraisement of tha
Value of Improvements to Its
Plant.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 13.— The City
Council — or at least a majority of the
members— has sent forth an unofficial
announcement that all wires within the
conduit district not underground on the
10th day of April will be cut. This pro
nunciamento does not seem to have any
effect on the Los Angeles Lighting
Company and several other corpora
tions, for their wires are everywhere
strung overhead within the prescribed
territory, and they are making no pro- |
vision whatever to place them under- j
ground.
The truth is that the city of Los An
geles has, through the treachery and
faithlessness of the three syndicated
dailies, been handled and ruled abso
lutely by the corporations so long that
the officers of the various companies
cannot now realize that they are in the
future to receive the same treatment
accorded private individuals. W. B. i
Cline, the president of the lighting com
pany, makes a boast that at the proper
time, whenever that may be, he will see j
to it that the conduit district ordinance j
is knocked out. Nevertheless, conduits !
are being put in all over the district by
some of the corporations whoso officers
have generally manifested a \villingnes3
and desire to comply with the law.
Since The Call registered the com
plaint of the property owners in the
I matter of requiring corporations tear
ing up the streets to replace them
promptly in condition, cause for rea
sonable complaint has disappeared. It
was a fact that a corporation formerly
could and did tear up the main thor
oughfares for whatever purpose it de
sired, and then, in its own good time,
put the street hack into condition if it
desired to do bo; if it did not, it sim
ply let the street go and the citizens
did the best they could. But if an in
dividual had reason to tear up a street
'he had to give a cash deposit to the
street superintendent that he would put
it back in satisfactory condition. If he
did not, his money was spent to do it.
Since The Tall exposed this manifest
outrage the corporation is alsir re
quired to immediately repair avenues
or streets which it has caused to be
torn up.
The officials of the water company
are engaged preparing the inventory of
the improvements they have made to
the city's plant, which the Council has
called for. It is reported that the in
ventory is being prepared in such a
way as to compel the Council, if pos
sible, to order a reappraisemerit of the
improvements. This is what the peo
ple are opposed to as a unit, and they
will look upon any councilman voting
for a reappraisement as playing direct
ly into the hands of the water com
pany.
As indicating the feeling of the peo
ple of the community toward the mu
nicipal officers who have stood faith
ful to their pledges in the water con
test it is only necessary to refer to an
incident that transpired Saturday even
ing. Four thousand people were gath
ered at Hazard's Pavilion. Mayor M.
P. Snyder entered and took a seat upon
the platform. As soon as he was recog
nized by the audience the people arose
and gave him a grand ovation. This,
be it rememberpd, is the man whom the
three syndicated dailies refer to as an
advocate of a piratical policy of confis
cation, and whom they have repeatedly
denounced as an unsafe man. The peo
ple of Los Angeles do not agree with
the combined corporation dailies.
CLAY WILL SUE
FOR A DIVORCE
The Aged Kentuckian Wants
Legal Separation From
His Child Wife.
Declares That She Has Been Drugged
by Relatives Until Reason
Has Departed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Feb. 13.— A Louisville spe
cial to the Herald says: General Cassius
M. Clay's stormy career is likely to in
clude a divorce suit. A report received
from Richmond to-day states that he has
at last determined to seek a divorce from
his child wife, Dora. Although she re
turned home a few weeks a«o she re
mained only a few days and then went
back to the home of her brother, John
Richardson, where she is now staying.
The General has exhausted every effort
to win her back and has decided that
they must part forever. He has, it is said,
already reduced to writing the main
points in his petition. His ground will be
lunacy, the petition alleging that Dora
has been drugged by members of the ven
detta and is no longer herself. He will,
he declares, never allow her to want for
the necessities of life.
These facts were communicated by the
General to personal friends, who made
them public. The Richardsons, Dora's
relatives, it Is said, will stubbornly op
pose the divorce proceedings. Dora knows
nothing of her aged husband's determina
tion She has never moved her personal
effects back to Whitehall, and while the
old General has kept her supplied with
money and food, it has all along been ap
parent that he does not desire her return.
For a Befiinery in Hawaii.
CLEVELAND, Feb. 13.— The City Porga
and Iron Company of this city has just
received a big order for sugar-making
machinery to be put into a refinery in
Hawaii. The amount of the order has
not yet been estimated.
MISSING HEIR
TO AN ESTATE
Search of a Brother of the
Late Nathaniel J.
Haines.
Was Last Heard of '.n Los
Angeles More Than a
Decade Ago.
Entitled to a Third of th« Property
Lett by the Santa Clara County
Rancher.
Bpeclal Dispatch to The CalL
SAN JOSE, Feb. IS.— The where
abouts of Daniel J. Haines, a brother
of the late Nathaniel Haines and heir
to one-third of a $50,000 estate left by
the latter, is eagerly sought by the ad
ministrators of the dead man's estate.
Nathaniel J. Haines. who was one of
the most prominent horticulturists in
this county, met with an accidental
death at his home in Union District,
about ten miles southeast of this city,
on February 15, 1897. He was super*
intending the painting of his winery
when he lost his balance and fell from
the roof, a distance of forty feet, break
ing his neck.
Haines was a very popular man. He
i was born in Massachusetts in 1849 and
! came to California with hia parents in
i 1861. His father bought an eighty-
Sfarm near Union and at the death
is parents N. J. Haines, inherited
He rebuilt the house and set the
c to trees and lived in the style that
.me a gentleman. He was a great
rtalner and some merry times were
yed at his place.
The other two heirs to the estate are
a brother, Prince A. Hnines, in this
county, and a sister. Mrs. Susan A.
Burrows of Atlanta, Ga. The brother
sought, Daniel J. Haincs, was last
heard of in Los Angeles twelve years
ago. Since then no trace can be found
of him. The estate is ready to be
divided, and Administrators George
B. McKee and P. A. Hnines are making
every effort to find him.
The Haines estate consists of eighty
acres of highly improved orchard and
vineyard and a country residence,
valued at about $40,000; a lot in this
city on Julian street, between Sixth and
Seventh, worth $1200, and stock, wine
and produce on the farm valued at
$3500.
LOS ANGELES TO HAVE
A FIESTA THIS YEAR.
Decision Arrived at Despite the Re-
fusal of Railways to Give
Support.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 13.— Despite the
decision of the committee of thirty that
La Fiesta must be abandoned, the festi
val will be held this year as usual. The
obstacle encountered and which led the
committee to believe that La Fiesta must
be abandoned was the refusal of the rail
roads to make their usual contributions
to the expense fund. Th^tr refusal
seemed to the committee of thirty to be
a fatal "blow, but it is now arparent OirU
in this conclusion the committee has
erred, as public-spirited citizens hay.
come forward and guaranteed the neces
sary funds for a successful carnival
which will be held early In May. .
Public Park for Fresno.
FRESNO, Feb. 13.— The Chamber of
Commerce, after a long session, resolved
in favor of the City Trustees accepting
the offer for a public park, made by
Messrs. Roeding & Weihe. The offer
was marie upon the condition that 5 cents
upon each $1(»> of assessed property be
devoted to Improving the park. A great
deal of opposition sprung up. and the
question was warmly debated at the
meet i n g.
ADVERTISEMENTS. •
1 nnillT^tWHlSKYget the BEST
I§l IN 1 0f 0lJ ' GETthe BEST of
MUll I WHISKY, which Is the
M s ~ r GENUINE
mpSk \ DISTII.LHRY
•^ flpj| \ BOTTLING OP
m m '
fjj PEPPER
MlU^MTtaM'' ftA Eottltd and Distilled
l^^^rj^h' JAS P PPPPPR
/-■ »jtt£e» Lexington, Ky.
I'^^aSfmi^y^l Und.r th« tarn* FOR-
i / «ft£^ iffilfflM^' »■ i- I'l MULA formore than 100
l3r 3*f*V»wS : -"'' YEARS ; is guaranteed
. ;Wact|BßHßar.'^ i absolutely th.
/vj{ '-,: : "j^^f^^' ** I PUREST and BEST in
Wt£^^\ I SAMPLE CASE $15
s«nt on trial, wmcn. (f
.■■ ■-- ft*f&& n °t satufactory, can bs
k ""**S3DDDW^^ returned and money will
be refunded. ' . *
CARROLL Sf CARROLL,
' 30«5 yv\arVccst Street,
Sole Agents for tha Pacific Coast ";;.£■.• A".
. WILL CASH PEPPER COUPONS.
STEAMER
HUMBOLDT
DIRECT TO
DYEA AND_SKAGUAY i
Haying accomplished the return of
this elegant-: steamer to this % .port
through our purchase of 100 tickets, *
and ' haying sold all ;. but a few, we ad-
vise ! those going on this vessel |to call
early and secure berths. Tickets, chart,
; etc., ;at our office. Liberal freight al-
lowances. - • v - . - .
HSfl^^ - ,ffpßffB3 Bfl NlRSifi S9 fi^s tfrjiik.
CASH STORE
I 25-2T MARKET ST.ARE ON THE
RACE OF A
CONFLICT
Costa Rica and Nica
ragua Are Now
Near War.
Outcome of the Revolu
tion in San Juan
Del Sur.
Prospect of Most Serious En
counters Between Central
American Republics.
TROOPS ON THE FRONTIER.
Freeldent Zelaya Prepared to Strike
a Blow at a Moment's
Notloe.
OopTrfKht, 18*8, by Junta Gordon Bemwtt-
O SAN JTTAN DEL. SUR, Nica- O
O ragua, Feb. 13.— Everything here O
O Is quiet now and revolutionary ©
O trouble seems to be at an end for ©
O tne present. Large bodies of O
© troops are now on the Costa Rica ©
© frontier to cut off the return of O
O rebel invaders, whose flight be- O
© fore Government forces took O
O them Into the interior of Costa O
© Rica. Many prisoners have been O
O sent to Rivas for trial, and it is O
O probable that several of the O
O most prominent will be shot. O
ooooooooooooooooo©
\ NEW YORK. Feb. 13.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: There
is a general impression among Pan-
American diplomats here that Costa
Rica and Nicaragua are very near
war. Both Governments have assumed
belligerent attitudes according to in
formation which has reached Washing
ton, and it is the expectation of Central
Americans in this city that President
Zelaya will demand a disavowal of
Costa Rica's responsibility in connec
tion with the revolution in San Juan
del Sur.
Whether the President of Costa Rica
will comply with President Zelaya's
demand and whether Nicaragua will
have the support of Salvador and Hon
duras in case of war are questions
which Pan-Americans are asking each
other. Those in touch with the Costa
Rica legation in this city express the
opinion that that Government will not
comply -with the prospective demand
of Nicaragua's President, and in this
event war is likely to follow.
There is some question as to wheth
er Nicaragua will have the support of
Honduras and Salvador in the event
of war with Costa Rioa. These three
countries form the greater republic of
central America. Pan-Americans here
/ty that Salvador may not feel jus
fied in embarking in war. Besides.
President Gutierrez of Salvador is not
friendly toward President Zelaya, and
he might exert his influence with Hon
duras to prevent her from lending as
sistance to Zelaya.
It is understood here that the forces
of Costa Kica are stationed on the
frontier ready to spring into Nicara
guan soil at a moment's notice.
PAX A. MA, Feb. 13.— The latest dis-
patches from the Herald's correspond
ent in Guatemala, Guatemala, state
that anarchy reigns throughout the
country. This is a direct result of the
assassination of President Barrios and
the plotting of leaders to get into pow
er in the republic.
General Mendizahal, who was called j
upon by the military to assume the !
presidency, is now marching on the
capital, Guatemala City, with a large
force of troops. Besides the military, |
General Mendizahal has prominent and
influential leaders, such as General Na-
Jera, behind him. General Prospero
Morales, who, with General Fuentes,
■was at the head of the rebellion In Sep
tember, has been called to Guatemala
City by President Cabrera to take a
position in the new Cabinet. General
Morales has been in the City of Mexi
co. Reports received here state that
with a party of friends General Morales j
has started for Guatemala.
I am informed by the Herald's cor
respondent in Managua that two Brit
ish war ships are now in Nlcaraguan j
■waters, and two more are expected, j
One of these now In Nicaragua is at Co
rlnto, and the other at San Juan del
Bur.
LONDON, Feb. 14.— A dispatch to the
Times from Montevideo says: The new
State Council was installed on Satur
day amid popular enthusiasm. Dr.
Juan Cartesa Blanco was unanimously
elected president of the council.
SEVERAL RAILROADS
ARE ENJOINED.
Prevented by a Court Order From
Carrying on the Boycott on the
Lone Star Line.
GALVESTON. Feb. 13.— David E.Bryant
of the United States Court has issued an
order restraining the Gulf, Colorado and
Santa Fe. International and Great North
ern and Missouri, Kansas and Texas rail
ways from putting Into effect the notices
they served on the Lone Star line as a re
sult of the New York conference that
they would, after February 15, cancel all
divisions with the Lone Star line and ac
cept no freight from it without the pre
payment of all charges. The news came
in the following telegram from M. C.
McLemore, attorney for the Lone Star
line:
"JEFFERSON, Texas, Feb. 12.
"T» Daniel Ripley. Galveston. Texas:
Judge Bryant sets case down for hearing
February 21, and lias entered the follow
ing order: 'In the mean time respond
ents are directed to maintain with com
plainant the same relations with respect
to rates, divisions and freights as are by
them gTanted to the Mallory line.' "
It is assumed that this will put a stop
to the boycott; at least until the Injunc
tion is finally passed upon and either
made permanent or dissolved.
HARRY L. GAMBLE DEAD.
Bacramento Politician Succumbs to
Consumption at Nogales.
NOG ALES, Ariz.. Feb. f 13.-Harry L.
Gamble of Sacramento died yesterday of
consumption. He was a Mason and prom
inent in California politics. .
T " '. ■ - 1 /-- * — .-,., i~ ;■•' ,:•;
Arizona Ex-OfficiaJ Dead.
STEMPE, Ariz., Feb. 13— A, J. Halbert,
»* of the Territory's leading Democrats,
«? Sl er , k of the District Court at Tuc
ort in ln th r at City last nl S ht after a
ion illness. He will be hurled at Tempe.
rkanwui *"" ot Rjfe and a native of
BRANDING
THE SEALS
A SUCCESS
It Promises to Settle
the Long-Standing
Question.
Lieutenant Berry Tells of
the Valuable Work
Done.
Through Proper Marking the
Herds "Will Be Thoroughly
Protected.
HOW FASHION FIGURES.
Women Would Not Care to Wear
Jackets Adorned With the Oov
ernment Brand.
By Lieutenant J. O. Berry. O. B. R. M.
UNALASKA, Alaska, Dec. 23 (via
Seattle, Feb. 13).— Colonel Joseph
Murray. United States Treasury Agent
in charge of the seal islands, Messrs.
Redpath and Johnson and Dr. Chap
man of the North American Commer
cial Company, with a boatload of na
tives, came out to see us upon the ar
rival of the Bear. Colonel Murray
gives us the first positive information
with regard to the success of the ex
periments conducted during the last
two years in branding the female seals.
It was feared that the rough treatment
that necessarily goes with burning a
great brand into the backs of the ani
mals would drive them away from the
rookeries and cause them to seek some
other breeding place. During the
summer of 1896 a number of female
seal pups were branded with red-hot
irons in such a manner as to forever
destroy the value of the skin. Different
designs were used in order to dis
tinguish the pups from the several par
ticular rookeries and from the different
islands.
All during the present season, al
though the work of branding was per
severed in, no results of the previous
year's work, so far as was known at
the time, were apparent. But it ap
pears that, late in the fall, a goodly
number of the yearlings, last year's
pups, branded at that time, returned to
the rookeries on St. Paul Island. Two
were killed and skinned, in order to
send their pelts, one to Professor David
Starr Jordan, head of the seal expert
I commission, the other to the Secretary
of the Treasury at Washington.
The seal question now stands in a
fair way to be settled with or without
; the help of Great Britain or any other
I nation. For, with the female seals
branded in such a manner that the
skins are valueless and with the bach
i elor seals herded in the salt lagoon on
1 St. Paul Isiand until the weather be
| comes too bad for pelagic sealing,
i there will be no profit in the business
I for the sealing schooners. And we can
i easily protect the herd from raiders on
i the islands, within or without the six
; ty-mile prohibited area.
The fur question is more or less a
! matter of fashion, however. We may
!on that account be beaten yet. Sup
pose Mrs. Grundy should declare in fa
vor of wearing branded fur sealskin
cloaks? All our trouble would have
been in vain. No woman would look
at one that is not branded, and the
Victoria sealers would be in their
glory.
In the skins under consideration the
brands are cleai and distinct. Not a
vestige of hair or fur remains in the
! wake of the iron, although the mark is
jat least a year old. Colonel Murray is
delighted with this excellent result, as
he was one of the first advocates of the
branding procesA, besides having done
the branding with his own fair hands.
The next morning at 6:30 o'clock we
i got under way and headed for St.
George Island. At 11:30 we stopped off
the vlilage landing, but found the surf
too high for a safe landing. They sig
naled, "Try Garden Cove." So around
to the other side of the island we went
and anchored off the beach. Lieuten
ant Hamlet went into the landing in
one whaleboat and, anchoring outside
of the surf, veered in toward the
! beach. When near enough he threw
! them a line attached to a keg contain
ing mail for the island. In the other
whaleboat I lay just outside of him, in
I order to pick him up should his boat
j capsize. We hafi orders to land on the
I beach on no account, so we could not
get their mail.
On our return to the ship, and I re
gret to state that Hamlet's crew beat
mine in an impromptu race to the ves
sel, we got under way at 2:35 p. m. and
squared away for Unalaska, Yester
day, December 22. at 12:50 p. m., we
made fast to the wharf at Dutch Har
bor and landed Mr. Baldwin.
GLOUCESTER'S TRIBUTE
TO LOST FISHERMEN.
Memory of Ninety-Six Unfortunates
Honored in the Massachusetts
Town^.
GLOUCESTER, Mass", Feb. 13.—Glou
cester's annual tribute ,to lost fishermen
was made to-day. ; The annual memor
ial service under the auspices of the Glou
cester Fishermen's Institute was held in
the First Baptist Church this afternoon
before a large audience, many of whom
were relatives and friends of lost fish
ermen. Practically all of the clergy of
the city were present and participated in
the - services,- which opened with select
scripture sentences by the chaplain of the
institute. :.",■■ .
The memorial list, which was read,
shows that ninety-six fishermen lost their
lives during 1897,, their average age being
31. There are seventeen widows and
forty-seven children : left to mourn their
loss. A large percentage of the unfor
tunnte fishermen were natives of the
British provinces. ■
Father and Child Drowned.
PORTLAND, Or., Feb. 13— O. P. Ran
dall, a Southern Pacific Company section
foreman at Woodville, and his little
granddaughter were drowned this after
noon while attempting to cross Rogue
River on a small ferry boat. They wero
seated in a cart. Their horse became
unmanageable and backed off when about
half way across. Randall leaves a
widow and three children, two of whom
are married., and a brother who resides in
Los Angeles.
Placer County Pioneer Gone.
AUBURN, Feb. IS.-C. C. Sanders, a
pioneer and one of the most substantial
citizens of Western Placer, died suddenly
last night of apoplexy at his home In Lin
coln. He was a member of the first board
of trustees of Lincoln, and held many
other positions of trust during his long
residence in Placer County.
Tfflß SA» FfcAiCCtSeb CAIX, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1898.
HAS THE COLOMA
GONE DOWN IN
NORTH PACIFIC?
Last December This Old Bark Sailed for Alaska
With a Cargo of Lumber and No News
Has Since Been Received
From Her.
SEATTLE. Feb. 13.— The steamer Lskme arrived In port at 4 o'clock
this morning from Dutch Harbor and Unalaska. The steamer Lakme,
which brought the news with reference to the relief expedition, left Se
attle for Dutch Harbor on January 13. She reports that the various
river boats now being constructed there for the North American Trad-
Ing' and Transportation Company are now about ready for the boilers.
Chief Engineer Harry B. Cloak of the Lakme reports that fears are
entertained that the bark Coloma has gone to the depths of the stormy
North Pacific Ocean. This vessel sailed from Tacoma on December 26,
Captain Mattson in command, with a cargo of 680,000 feet of lumber con
signed to the Alaska Commercial Company at Unalaska. The Coloma
Is a very old vessel, and was a trans-Pacific packet between Portland,
Or., and the Orient eight years ago, before any line of Oriental steamers
was established north of San Francisco. She was chartered by the Ta
coma Mill Company from the agents, C. A. Hooper & Co. of San Fran
clbco, to carry a cargo valued at $4500, and which was fully Insured, to
Alaska.
Nothing has been heard of the Coloma since she left Puget Sound,
and the length of time she has been out to sea warrants the belief that
flhe may have been wrecked and gone down. It was the intention of
Captain Tuttle of the Bear when the Lakme left to cruise about the Pa
cific in the hope of hearing something of the long-overdue bark.
Mr. Cloak brings the news that there is little excitement at Dutch
Harbor over the reported discovery of gold quartz In that vicinity. H«
states that a Mr. Coley, a mining man from Montana, found an outcrop
ping of what is generally considered good quartz.
CARRIES FOOD
AND SOLDIERS
Steamship Oregon Sails
With Supplies for
Dawson.
One Hundred Tons of Provi
sions for the Relief Ex
pedition.
Battalion of Regular Infantry Taken
Northward for Duty at
Skaguay.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND, Or.. Feb. 13.— The steam
ship Oregon sailed to-night for Dyea
! and Skaguay, Alaska, with 500 passen
! gers and 1200 tons of freight, including
iSO dogs, 41 horses and 34 burros. One
hundred tons of supplies for the Gov
ernment relief expedition are sent north
, by the Oregon.
General H. C. Merrlam, commanding
! the Department of the Columbia, ex
| pected to sail on the Oregon to-night,
| but important dispatches received to
day from Washington compelled him
I to "postpone his departure for a few
i days. Captain D. L. Brainerd, who is
! the disbursing officer of the Govern
! ment relief expedition, was among the
I passengers. He has orders to go to Dy
ea, and there await the arrival of the
I Government reindeer and the snow and
! ice locomotives, both of which will be
! used in transporting supplies to Daw
' son. Captain Brainerd expects to be
i able to start the expedition from Dyea
by March 1.
The first battalion of Fourteenth In
fantry, consisting of Companies A and
1 G, will leave Vancouver Barracks on
i Tuesday via Tacoma for Skaguay. All
; its property and paraphernalia, includ
ing rations amounting to 250 tons, have
! been loaded on the river steamer Un
| dine for shipment to Kalama, where
| they will be reshipped by rail to'Ta
coma over the Northern Pacific.
Lieutenant. Colonel Russell, who was
to have commanded this battalion, will
! remain at Vancouver Barracks owing
Ito poor health. Lieutenants Learned
i and Cabell joined their regiment to-day
I from detached service, and Captain Ma
! tile, commanding Company G, expects
1 to arrive Tuesday.
FEUD WAGED ON
THE GILA RIVER
A Bitter Strife Between Fac
tions of Stockmen in
Arizona.
Two of the Participants Accused of
an Attempt to Assassinate
a Foe.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHOENIX, Feb. 13.— John M. Mullen, a
wealthy and highly respected cattle man,
with ranges on the Gila River, and
Thomas Davenport, a prosperous farmer,
have been arrested, charged with the at
tempted assassination of Josiah Ander
son several days ago. Davenpoit will
be discharged, but Mullen will be ex
amined before a Justice of the Peace to
morrow.
Anderson's story, to account for a shrX
tered hand, was that he was called to
his gate in the early dawn and shot by
a masked and mounted stranger. The
tale of Mullen's friends is that Anderson
and several others were caught by the ac
cused and his neighbors in the act of
stealing some of Mullen's cattte. and that
Anderson was wounded in a sharp-shoot
ing affray that promptly followed. The
\ndersons were driven from the field
without further casualties.
Further trouble is looked for, the fac
tional feeling being bitter. Anderson and
two of his sons have been under indict
ment for several months for the theft
of thirty head of cattle from a farmer's
nasture and are also defendants in a
criminal action of a year's standing,
wherein they are charged with unlaw
fully branding a number of Mullen's
calves. m
PERRIS DISTRICT LITIGATION.
Important Decision to Be Rendered
by a Riverside Judge.
RIVERSIDE. Feb. 13.,—Judge Noyes
will on Monday hand down a decision
that will be of great importance to the
Perris people, whichever way it goes.
The decision will be in the case of the
People vs. the Bondholders of the Perris
Irrigation District. The action Is one
which was brought in the name of the
State for the land owners of the district
to test the validity of both the district
in question and the bonds issued and sold
by the district. Upon the decision dt
pends much for the PerrU Valley.
FAIR WITNESS
SPIRITED AWAY
Sensation iri a Lawsuit
Involving Land at
Everett.
Miss Maggl© Black Has Dis
appeared and Cannot
Be Found.
A» the County Auditor's As letan
She Could Giva Startling
Testimony.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SNOHOMISH. Wash., Feb. 13.— A sen
sation has developed as a feature of
the biff Hart-Rucker lawsuit which has
been transferred from here to the Su
perior Court at Seattle. It is nothing
less than the mysterious disappearance
erf Miss Magffie Black. Miss Black has
been the County Auditor's assistant
j since 1890, when the city of Everett was
! booming over the location there of pa
per mills, foundry, nail works and
barge works.
In that year occurred the appraise
ment and sale of a school section on the
outskirts of Everett. The purchaser
was Wyatt J. Rucker, an Everett bank
er, who supposed he was representing
James J. Hill, president of the Great
Northern Railway, which was Just
building into the town. Hill failed to
furnish the money for the property, and
in consequence John F. Hart's claim of
$40,000, the assessed valuation of a saw
mill he had built on the section, was
never paid. Hart »ued Rucker, and the
case now, including casts, Involves
some $60,000.
Miss Black, having been in the Aud
itor's office during the whole time, is
said to be in possession of knowledge
which, if promulgated before the court,
would convict some one of tampering
with the records relating to this land.
Accordingly, it is said, this guilty per
son has had Miss Black sent on a se
cret mission to some distant State, or
probably to Canada. At any rate, Miss
Black has not been seen about Snohom
ish since about Christmas time. Aud
itor Headlee does not know where she
is, and her friends either do not know
or refuse to tell.
The attorneys for Hart say that
Rucker was instrumental in spiriting
Miss Black away. The attorneys for
Rucker make a like charge against
Hart. Probably when the case is tried
at Seattle some sensational charges will
be made. The case has been to the Su
preme Court five times during the last
six years on minor points, and Is now
to be tried on its merits.
PROMOTED AND PLACED
ON THE RETIRED LIST.
President Bewards the Services of a
Lieutenant Incapacitated
for Duty.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 13.-Second Lieu
tenant James Hamilton of the Third Ar
tillery, having been found by an army
recruiting board physically incapacitated
by reason of disability incident to the
service, Is by direction of the President
retired from active service as a first lieu
tenant of artillery, to date from Febru
ary 10, the date from which he would
have been promoted to that grade by rea
son of seniority, if found qualified. He
will proceed to his home.
By direction of the Acting Secretary of
War the following officers of the Four
teenth Infantry are relieved from duty
with the National Guard of the States
designated opposite their respective
names and will proceed without de
lay to join their regiment at Vancouver
barracks, Washington: First Lieutenant
Henry C. Cabell. Oregon; First Lieuten
ant Henry G. Learnard. Idaho.
Captain Reynolds, assistant surgeon,
will report in person to the commanding
officer at Vancouver barracks, AVashing
ton, for duty at that station and by letter
to the commanding general of the De
partment of the Columbia. By direction
of the Acting Secretary of War, Captain
Paul F. Straub, assistant surgeon, is re
lieved from duty at Angel Island, Cal.,
and will report in ~erson, without delay,
to the commanding general of the De
partment of the Columbia for assign
ment to duty.
SENATOR LINDER SUED.
Action Brought to Recover on Two
Promissory Notes.
VISAL.IA, Feb. 13.— A suit to recover a
large sum of money has been brought In
the Superior Court here against R. Lln
der of Tulare, State Senator from this
district. The San Jose Safe Deposit Bank
of Savings is the plaintiff and the judg
ments asked for amount to 156,766 on two
promissory notes given by Llnder in
March and May. 1892. The notes are se
cured by 184 bonds of the Tulare Irriga
tion Dls'trict. each having a par value of
$500. The plaintiff also prays for permis
sion to purchase the bonds when they are
ordered sold by the court. S. F. Leib of
Ban Jose is the attorney for the plaintiff.
ANARCHY
PREVAILS
IN FRANCE
President Faure Is
Called Upon to Put
a Stop to It.
Le Gaulois Editorially
Warns the Chief
Executive.
Noted Journalists Speak of the
Crisis Now Before th«
Nation.
REMEDIES ARE SUGGESTED
They Declare That the Jury Will Be
Compelled to Find Emlle Zola
Guilty. „
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Qordo.i Bennett.
PARIS, Feb. 13. — Numerous
meetings were held in the prov
inces to-day in connection with
the Dreyfus agitation. In some
cases resolutions against the
Government were adopted, but
there were no serious disorders.
PARIS, Feb. 13.— "What will be the
upshot of the whole business?" is a
question that may be asked with some
profit at this juncture of the Zola trial.
The gravest anxiety obtains and the
Gaulois goes so far as to complain ed
itorially that "anarchy prevails in the
army and law in the street," and calls
upon Felix Faure to exercise his con
stitutional power and put a atop to
this state of things.
The following views of well-known
Parisian journalists experienced In
reading the signs of the times will be
read with interest:
Gaston Calmette of the Figaro Bald:
"A fault has been committed, a fault
which should b^ attributed to the
course of affairs rather than to the men
who have brought about this campaign
of revision. The proper position to take
is a strictly legal one, and to ask but
one question in parliament, which
communicated against Dreyfus with
out his knowledge, to the court
martial. If Jhe has been convicted
in connection with a document
which he knows nothing about, and of
which his counsel knew nothing, then
the law, no matter what was the fault
of Dreyfus, has been violated, and the
matter should be revised. The whole
question is wrapped up in that. Every
one could associate himself with this
campaign so far as justice is concern
ed, but no one could do so properly be
fore the revision takes place, nor with
certainty have set in motion the ques
tion of the innocence of Dreyfus. If
the matter had been viewed in this
light, France would have avoided one
of the most terrible crises she has un
dergone since 1870. I speak of the re
public, and this is the flrnt danger to
the republic which can Involve such,
incalculable consequences. I refer to
the danger of antagonism now spring
ing into existence between the Judicial
system and the army, between the
gown and the sword, the antagonism
between the political world and our
army staff."
Henri Rochefort says: "Zola will be
convicted. There is so great a pressure
of public opinion acting on the jury
that one cannot expect anything but
conviction. On the other hand, Zola
does not seem to be well defended, and
his counsel seems to be" dragging the
affair out as long as possible. I don't
think Zola will go to prison, nor do I
think he will be obliged to pay a fine.
After the trial is over its conclusions
will be considered by the court of cas
sation: but suppose Zola Is acquitted,
he will not be able to show himself In
public in Paris, or, for that matter,
anywhere in France without personal
danger to himself. He could not very
well live in Paris with a body guard
continually about him."
M. Judel of the Petit Journal said:
"I consider the present situation grave,
and this gravity is owing to the weak
ness of the Government."
ENDS LIFE WITH
AX AND KNIFE
Suicide of Rancher John Rog
ers at His Home at
Old Gilroy.
Takes a Tragic Method of Gaining
Relief From Continued
Illness.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
GILROY. Feb. 13.— John Rogers, a Por
tuguese resident of Old Gilroy, aged about
55 years, committed suicide this morn
ing at 8:30 o'clock. Rogers had been
sick with a stomach affection for many
years, and It is supposed that a tem
porary fit of despondency Induced the
act.
Rogers seemed In his usual good spirits
this morning, and left the house presum
ably to hitch- horses to a wagon to bring
his family to church. Instead he went
to the granary a §hort distance away
and struck himself four times on the
head with an ax. He then took out a
pocket knife and cut his throat from ear
to ear. His wife, having dressed her
self and the children, went in search of
her husband and^found him lying dead
with blood streaming from his wounds.
The news was broi^jht to town and
City Marshal Rives and Dr. J. W. Thayer
went at once to the scene of the trag
edy. There was no doubt that It was
a case of suicide.
Rogers was the owner of a tract of
rich land at San Felipe. He was living
on rented land at Old Gilroy. He was
known as an honest, good-hearted Por
tuguese, devout in his religion.
Mrs. Rogers and the four children are
at a loss for a cause for the tragedy,
other than that he was despondent from
his long suffering. _ •
Flannelly Wanta a Delay
SAN JOSE, Feb. 13.— When the caae of
Thomas Flannelly, charred with the mur
der of his father at Redwood City, la
called for trial in the Superior Court to
morrow, the defense will move for a con
tinuance on the ground that one of Its
most important witnesses is seriously In.
SPANIARDS
TAMPERING
WITH MAIL
Reason the Cushing
Was Sent to
Havana.
Official Communications
to the Maine Are
Intercepted.
Will Hereafter Be Carried by
Torpedo- Boats From
Key West.
MADRID'S HAUGHTY STAND
Has as Yet Failed to Disavow Re
sponsiblltiy for the De
Home Letter.
Bp«clal Dispatch to Ttoe Call.
NEW YORK, Feb. 13.— The
Herald's Washington corre
spondent telegraphs: It Is now
known on the highest authority
that the real reason for sending
the United States torpedo-boat
Cushlng to Havana was that the
Spanish authorities have been
tampering with mail sent to the
battle-ship Maine in. Havana
harbor. This resulted in Captain
Sigsbee of the Maine sending a
protest to Washington, with
the suggestion that regular
service be established between
Key West and Havana by means
of torpedo-boat. On the strength
of this protest the Cushing was
dispatched to Havana-
It Is stated that the Cushlng
will return to Key West from
Havana In a day or two, bring
ing dispatches. After remaining
at Key West for about a week
she will go back to Cuba's
capital.
Although It has been frequent
ly reported that official mail has
been tampered with in the past.
Secretary Long told me to-night
that he had received no reports
from Captain Sigsbee saying
that the Spanish authorities
had interfered with his letters
In any way.
"The dispatch of the Cushlng
to Havana," he continued, "was
in line with the department's ac
tion in sending the Maine on a
friendly visit to that port and
the Montgomery to Santiago de
Cuba and Matanzas. I expect
she is now or will be soon on
her way back to Key West."
The De Lome Incident is still un
settled. A cipher dispatch received
from Minister Woodford late last night
and translated this morning was not
entirely fatisfactory- It was taken to
the President by Assistant Secretary
Day this afternoon, and after a short
conference between them Mr. Day sent
another cablegram to' Minister Wood
ford.
Offloially nothing will be said about
these two communications further
than that the incident is not yet en
tirely closed. I am reliably informed,
however, that Minister Woodford's
cable was a report of his interview
with the Spanish Minister of Foreign
Affairs, which showed that no direct
disclaimer had been made by Spain of
that feature of the De Lome letter,
which has been interpreted to indicate
the insincerity of the Spanish Govern
ment in the matter of autonomy and
in negotiations for a commercial
treaty.
The absence of such a disclaimer is
not entirely satisfactory to the Presi
dent. Accordingly, Minister Woodford
has been given further instructions on
the subject. Without making any ex
press demand for a disavowal, Minister
Woodford is required by his new in
structions to impress upon the Madrid
authorities the importance to all par
ties concerned of some distinct repudia
tion of Senor de Lome's declarations,
which the President cannot telieve cor
rectly represent the position of the
Spanish Government.
Mr. McKinley believes that when the
Spanish Minister of Foreign Affairs
fully appreciates the interpretation
which has been put upon Senor de
Lome's letter in some quarters in the
United States he will hasten to dis
avow it. Minister Woodford has been
told in a positive way what the Presi
dent would like to have done, but he
has not been told anything which
would Justify him in making a demand
for a disavowal. In other words, it is
assumed that he will use delicate
diplomacy to secure the end desired,
and the President is sincere in the be
lief that another interview between
Minister Woodford and the Minister of
Foreign Affairs in Madrid will end the
whole trouble.
•
WILL SPAIN APOLOGIZE ?
Contradictory Beports Are Received
From Madrid and Wash-
ington.
NEW YORK, Feb. 14.— A dispatch to
the World from Madrid says: A formal
statement of regret and censure of
Dupuy de Lome's conduct, coupled with
an expression of sincere desire that the
Canalejas letter incident shall not impair
the present friendly relations between the
governments of Spain and the United
States, or interrupt the negotiations for a
commercial treaty, trill be made by For
eign Minister Gullon Immediately follow
ing the gazetting of the royal decree ac
cepting Senor de Lome's resignation and
appointing his successor as Spain's rep
resentative at Washington.
On the other hand the Washington cor
respondent of the World Bays that Spain
has not disavowed responsibility for the
utterances of Senor de Lome and does not
consider that any disclaimer of that
character is necessary. From Spain's
point of view the incident is closed, not
only aB to De Lome's reflections upon the
President and the American people, but
as to his declaration that autonomy Is a
mockery and fraud.
Such Is the unsatisfactory information
contained In the long-expected statement
from Mr. Woodford received late last
STOLEN BY A CLERK.
De Lome's Letter Taken in the
Havana Postoffice.
PHILADELPHIA, Feb. 13.-Th« Press
will print to-morrow what it asserts to be
the true version of the acquisition and
publication of the letter of Minister de
Lome to Senor Canalejas. The authority
cited for its authenticity la a "Cuban of
the highest standing In the councils of hl«
party, who received his information from
headquarters in New York." The story
proceeds to say:
The letter was not stolen from the Unit
ed States mails, but was secured by an
agent of the Cuban Junta In the postofflce
at Havana. Don Jose Canalejas, to whom
the letter was addressed, never saw the
original. He did not know until eight day*
after the letter reached Havana that sucn
a from Spain's representative at
Washington had been written him. De
Lome wrote the letter in his private resi
dence in "Washington instead of at the
Spanish legation. The paper, however,
was marked with the official type and
read in the corner "Legation de Kspana."
The same Inscription was upon the left
hand upper corner of the envelope.
Sen.or de Lome did not mail the letter
from his house. In fact, he had not quite
completed it upon the moraine it was
written and carried it to the legation,
where it was first seen and noticed bj- a
person who is In the employ of the em
bassy, acting in a sub-official capacity.
The letter lay upon the desk of the min
ister In his inner office, the outer office
being his pluce of reception to visitors.
During an absence of a half hour from
the inner office of de Lome the clerk in
question saw the open letter and read
some of it.
The next day this same person sent
word to his Cuban associates in Wash
ington to the effect that he had seen a
letter from De Lome to Canalejas, in
which President McKlnley was vilified
and autonomy called a scheme.
The letter reached Havana five day*
after its postmark in Washington. An
agent of the Cuban party, who is an
employe of the Spanish postofflce. knew
that the letter was on the way, and when
it came into his hands it was carried
from the postoffice and a copy was mad»
of it. Word to this effect was sent to
the Cuban leader in Jacksonville, Fla.,
who at once asked the secret Cuban junta
in Havana to secure the original letter
—that a copy was not what was desired.
The Havana postoffice clerk was not will
ing to do this at first, but afterward
consented, as he was obliged to ac
count for it to the other employes of tha
department. The original was then
taken, several blank sheets were substi
tuted in place of the paper upon which
De Lome had written, and the letter fin
ally postmarked in the Havana office and
sent on its routine way.
Eight days from its arrival in the Ha
vana office, the sealed envelope, prop
erly addressed to Senor Canalejas, was
delivered at the Hotel Inglaterra. Senor
Canalejas did not regard the matter ser
iously at the time, although the hotei
boy who brought him the letter and the
postoffice employe who had charge of it
were arrested. So, also, was the hotel
employe who wont several times dally
to the postoffice for the mails. All three
were discharged after an examination.
ELUDES ALL THE SPIES.
Large Expedition Sails From the
Florida Coast for Cul>a.
JACKSONVILLE, Feb. 13.— A special to
the Times-Union and Citizen from Tampa
says: Almost under the nose of Edward
Gaylor, superintendent of the Pinkerton
and Spanish spies, a large Cuban expedi
tion left Tampa last night and to-night,
sailing from a point on Pease River. The
men, about seventy in number, walked
through the streets of Tumpa about 3
o'clock this morning and boarded a spe
cial train, which quickly bore them to a
point near where they were to embark,
and there they remained in hiding until
to-night, when a tug took them out to th«
steamer which bore them away to Cuba.
Colonel Emillo Nunez being in charge or
the steamer.
It is si^'d General Sanguilly is the real
comma ncer, and color is given this ru
mor by the fact that when the men left
here they were in charge of Colonel Le
chuga, who was first lieutenant of ths
personal staff selected by Sanguilly when
he failed to get away from Jacksonville.
Superintendent Gaylor, his son. and an
other Pinkerton man have been here look
ing for Sanguilly. they believing he was
somewhere near here. It Is alleged the
Cubans have sent Sanguilly away on his
trip to get rid of him in the United States.
The detectives are totally ignorant of
the departure of this expedition. It Is
understood that 5000 rifles. 6000 pounds of
dynamite. 200,000 rounds of cartridges, and
a large lot of supplies made up the cargo.
Arcos May Succeed De Lome.
MADRID. Feb. I?,.— The Cabinet will
discuss to-morrow the choice of a suc
cessor to Senor de Lome at "Washington.
The candidacy of Senor Polo-Ber
nabe appears tc be abandoned. Seve
ral members of the Cabinet favor th«
nomination of the Duke of Arcos. Spanish
Minister to Mexico, because he could taka
charge of the Spanish legation at Wash
ington this week.
Fire Destroys a Cement Plant.
CHICAGO. Feb. 13.— Fire destroyed the
plant of the Chicago Portland Cement
Company at Hawthorne to-day. The
loss amounts to $100,000; Insurance, $50,000.
The fire originated in the drying-rooma
and consumed everything on the premises.
Gladstone's Health Benefited.
CANNES, Feb. 13.— Henry Gladstone
says his father and the whole family in
tend to start about the end of next week
for a South England watering- place. Mr.
Gladstone's physicians think he has at
tained the utmost benefit from his stay on
the Riviera.
Jnelancholia
Despair
Misery
Sorrow
CURED I ' Debility
IN A WEEK, Disease
...,'. Weakness
' Blues
Losses
. - --.-.■ ' f . 9 Drain*
Every man . has 'some ambition, - som« deslr*
to make a mark or be known as a success In a
given - field. !No one wants to be . called has
been, ;*f allure" or weak-kneed. ; Now, to maks
a success In life, to be at the top, you must
be mentally and physically strong. | If you hay.
a known. weakness. If you lack n*rve force. if
you are . suffering from .■ nervous debility, - you
cannot be a grand success. Tour life will end
In failure.
Man, Take Advice.
,-■-- If you are afflicted with the dreadful disorder
that has baffled the doctors and savants: If you
feel that * you must /overcome this weakness, ■
this all-gone . feeling, use ; the ' great - remedio-
treatment, Hudyan. Hudyan cures nervous de-
bility ; Hudyan - cures failing : manhood, < weak-
ness and neurasthenia. Hudyan cures constipa-
tion, evil dreams, . pimples, bashfulness. Hud-
yan Is had only from the doctors of the Hudson
Medical Institute.' No one can give you Hudyan
but us. V Consult the Hudyan doctors free. ,;
CIRCULARS FREE.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Ellis and Market Sts.
BLOOD POISON I»'"*a«jfcrted by blood
vMvvv.iyiuwti soree, pimples, oopper-
BLOOD ■; POTSON first, secondary, or ter-
diuvvju ruioun flrst Beeon(Jar y or ter-
BLOOD 'I POISON C u^d f °[ t ms v oan *•
♦ ******* *** * * * ** ♦
The 30-Day Cure \'
■ JV Circulars 30-Day Cure*
##",* * * * * * **'**** * * * *
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
| AT OFFICE j
r7*l">l"Tr? " "' • ■ Private consultatlou.
■ " 1^ mil/ 0~~~ '■} Developing process.  ,
" ». - "- v — ■ — ■ . Medical examination..
r*V&r+/K^s— Catarrhal examination
-*^ ■^"— '"— ' ..Free talk. --'.r v-
FREE- F n^n t :' emedy *-**
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
» Ellis- 6tockton and Market «t«,
34
RIOTING ON
A JAPANESE
STEAMSHIP
Europeans Attacked
by Sailors of the
Hakata-Maru.
Clubs and Knives Used by
the Furious Natives in
the Assault.
Officers of the Vessel Powerless
to Protect L ives in Their
Keeping.
ONE NIGHT OF TERROR.
Foreigners Leave Their Staterooms
and Huddle Together on the
Saloon Bridge.
C.'rrespopuence of The Call.
HONGKONG, Jan. 7.— The China
Mail of to-day contains an account of
occurrences on board the Hakata-maru
while at Moji on Now Year's day that
will reawaken all the distrust, many
times expressed, as to the safety of
Japanese steamships for European
passengers. It is but fair, however, to
give prominence to a statement made
by Captain Nivison, R. N. R., who is in
command of the Hakata-maru on this
trip to Europe, to a representative of
the Daily Press. He denied that any
thing serious had transpired on board.
The only British passengers were the
crew of a ship returning to England.
On New Year's day the crew went into
the Japanese firemen's quarters, and
after a time a quarrel sprang up be
tween the Englishmen and the firemen.
They fought on deck, but no one, ac
cording to the captain's account, was
injured, and the only upshot of the dis
pute was that two Japanese firemen
were ordered to go ashore.
"We (Daily Press) understand, how
ever, that the passengers give a very
different account, and that they assert
the Japanese used knives against them
and also against some of the engineers.
They also affirm that although a Jap
anese warship was lying alongside the
Hakata-maru she refused to render any
assistance in suppressing the disturb
ance."
The China Mail's account is very cir
cumstantial, and is made up of per
sonal statements by Thomas Hall, who
came out as third officer of the Tainan
maro, and by the carpenter and a fire
man of the same steamship. On the
strength of their narratives the Hong
kong journal declares that "a more
cowardly attack could scarcely be im
agined," and all three of them still bore
marks of rough treatment. While in
Hongkong steps were taken to obtain
redress.
The following is taken from Hall's
account:
We went on board the Hakata-maru
at Kobe. All went will until we got
!■• Moji. About a quarter past 1 o'clock
on the morning of New Year's day, I
was walking along the deck after wish
ing the officers "a Happy New Year,"
and was opposite my own berth when I
was struck on the head with what I be
lieve must have been a marlinspike.
Blood commenced to flow freely, and be
fore I realized what was up I was set
i:pon by several Japanese. One of my
friends was walking behind me. He sung
out for assistance, tackled two of my
assailants, and rescued me.
I had just got clear when I was set
upon again, and believing it was now
a matter of life or death, and thai rhe
Japanese were attempting to murder the
whole of us, I pti-uck out as well as I
could. I was knocked down, hit while
I was on the deck, jumped upon and cut
and bruised about the head and boriy.
I rushed into the third engineer's Quar
ters, whr-re 1 was patched up by the na
tive doctor. I then went to my berth,
where I was told the Japs had been try
ing to get in during my absence. They
were armed with knives.
Everything went all right till about 7
o'clock, when another attack was made
upon the Europeans on board. The Jap»
were armeii with knives, iron crowbars,
bf laying pins; some were naked, others
half-drepsed, and all were mad with sake.
They burst in the doors of the engineers'
berths, seized the engineers, dragged
th.-m out on the dock and dashed them
about. There were sd many Japs that
the Europeans wore completely helpless.
W« watched them through the port
holes nf our cabins, and wondered when
our turn would come. The chief and
third engineers were badly mauled. The
Japs then went forward to their own
quarters.
After tiffin I was standing speaking to
the second and fifth* or sixth engineers
when I was set uprni by one Jap. I tried
to go to my berth while the engineers
held him. He broke away and I faced
around upon him. Another Jap came
rushing up, ami then it became a general
melee. All the Europeans on board, in
chiding the officers, engineers, first, sec
ond and third class passengers, got upon
the saloon bridge. Captain Nivison was
too in in his cabin to render any assist
ance. There were about forty Europeans
all told and about a hundred Japs. We
passengers asked for something to defend
ourselves with, but the officers, though
they did what they could, were afraid to
give us firearms, as we were lying in a
close, port, and they were afraid of com
plications with the Japanese authorities,
we all had sticks. We remained on the
bridge the remainder of the day and
all night. The Japs broke all the gear in
the cabins and on the deck, and threat
ened to carry the bridge and kill all the
Europeans. Intimation was given us on
the previous day that there was likely
to be trouble on board, but we never an
ticipatud anything so serious. I heard
rumors in a general way that there was
ill feeling toward some of the Europeans
on board— that they were stricter with
the natives than native oiricers and en
gineers.
Hall's statement was fully confirmed
by the other passengers.
FINDS A BURGLAR AT
WORK IN A SALOON.
Fresno Officer Prevents the Theft of
a Quantity of Liquor
and Cigars.
FRESNO, Feb. 13. —At an early hour
this morning Special Watchrr^n Smith
detected a burglar in the Fi tt o Beer
Hall, at the corner of Tula., and J
streets, which had been entered by burg
lars a couple of times recently. The ma
rauder dodged back of a partition when
he saw the officer and the latter fired his
pistol. The report attracted several citi
zens and the officer guarded the front
door while three men ran back to the al
ley in the rear of the saloon. The foot
steps of. the fleeing burglar were heard as
he was running away, and one of Jhe
citizens fired at him, but the fugitive
made good his escape.
Shortly afterward a well-dressed man
came out of a yard adjoining tHe saloon
and asked what the shooting was about.
He then coolly walked away, smoking a
cigar. It is believed that he was the
burglar.
T'pnn investigation It was found that
the fellow had thoroughly ransacked the
saloon and had seven boxes of cigars and
a couple of bottles of whisky In a sack,
ready to carry away.
This afternoon Officer Morss arrested
Toward Collins on suspicion. He had
broken a window In another place after
the attempted saloon burglary and is be
lieved to be a professional housebreaker.
He had a good supply of cigars of the
same make as those found in the sack In
the saloon.
THOUSANDS MOURN
AT GEORGE LORD'S BIER.
Funeral of the San Bernardino Non
agenarian Under the Auspice*
of Four Lodges.
SAX BERNARDINO, Feb. IS.-The fun
eral of George Lord, the veteran Mason,
Odd Fellow and pioneer, who died here
last Tuesday morning at the advanced
age of 97 years, took place this after
noon. The services were conduct
ed under the auspices of Phoenix
Lodge No. 178, F. and A. M., Silver f.'avo
Chapter No. 75, O. E. S., San Bernardino
Lodge No. 146, 1. O. O. F.. and the San
Bernardino Lodge of California Pio
neera.
Three thousand people were in attend
ance at the pavilion, where the funeral
services were held, taxing that capacious
building to the utmost. The cortege
was the largest ever seen in this vicinity.
Floral tributes were beautiful and were
in abundance.
A large number of visiting brethren or
all fraternities were present, the lodges
at Riverside. Redlands, Ontario, Pomona
and Colton having come in a body. .T.
A. Foshay, grand junior warden F. and
A. M., of Los Angeles, and C. E. Mitchell,
grand lecturer, F. and A. M., Long Beach,
assisted in the funeral rites.
OPERA-HOUSE RA7ED
BY A CONFLAGRATION.
Endangered Men and Women Res
cued by Means of Ladders
and Hopes.
MOLINE. 111.. Feb. 13.— The Auditorium
Opera-house, with its contents, was to
tally destroyed by lire this evening-. Ad
joining buildings also suffered from fire
and water. The total loss is est'.TaU'd
at SSO.OOU. The flames cut off ogress
from the Auditorium and there were sev
eral thrilling rescues by ropes and lad
ders. The building contained the large
plant of the Porter Printing Company,
Electric laundry. Commercial heating
plant, Postal Telegraph Companj', etc.
Arnold's Fun Makers' troupe lost its en
tire outfit. The loss is covered by in
surance.
A half dozen persons were in the dor
mitories of tho building and narrowly
escaped burning to death, all the stair
ways having been Durned. Two men
slid down a rope from the third floor and
two women and two men were rescued
by means of ladders. The building was
a three-story brick and is a total loss.
MURDERED IN COLD
BLOOD BY HIS COUSIN.
Laboring Man Shot Because He Got
Better Pay Than Did His
Relative.
NEWCASTLE, Pa., Feb. 13.— A cold
i blooded murder was committed last night
]at EHwood. Andrew Krlsen, the mur
1 dered man, and Andrew Krubin, the mur
i derer, were cousins and lived side by side
i on what is called Chicken Coop Hill. For
i a long time the two men had been em
! ployed in the Peerless Gas Works. It is
i said Krubin was jealous of Krisen, and
threatened to kill him because the latter
had obtained work in the Westinghouse
plant at Pittsburg at higher wages.
Last night when Krisen returned home
Ihe found Krubin there drinking beer.
I After a few words Krubin drew a re
! volver, placed it almost in Krisen's face
and tired. Th" bullet entered below the
eye and came out at the back of the head,
killing the victim Instantly.
Krubin went to his home next door and
' kept the police and citizens at bay for
some time with his revolver. He .finally
i made his escape through a back door and
i has not yet been captured.
DIES A VICTIM
OF HIS SLAVERY
Dr. Develli Succumbs to the
Effect of the Morphine
Habit.
His Daughter, Found With. Him In a
Hovel, Will Recover Her
Health.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOUISVILLE. Feb. 13.— Dr. John E.
Develli, who was found in destitute cir
cumstances with his daughter. Miss Cora
Develli, in a comfortless room on East
Main street, several weeks ago, died to
day In a New Albany Eanitarium. He
was taken to the institution a week ago
to undergo treatment, but his vitality
had become so low that the manager of
the sanitarium did not think it advisa
ble to give him any treatment other than
to relieve his pain by the use of the
drugs to which he was addicted. His
body was almost one mass of Bores
caused by the. use of the hypodermic nee
dle, there being 150 abscesses on him
when he died. These abscesses brought
on pyaemia, which caused his death.
Miss Cora Develli, who was taken to
the New Albany sanitarium with her
father, has been steadily improving and
her physician feels certain that she will
recover her health. Wealthy and in
fluential friends of her father, who re
side in this city, have taken her cane in
hand and they will care for her after
her recovery.
Dr. Develli wua. for years a prosperous
and highly respected physician until
wrecked by the morphine and cocaine ha
bits. He was an Italian by birth, was
highly educated and accomplished and
spoke many languages with fluency. His
learning, no less than the mystery of
his life, which no doubt died with him,
was a constant source of wonder to those
who were thrown in contact with him.
He came to this city right after the war,
though he is said to have been in Louis
ville during the war as a Confederate
spy.
Many strange stories have been told
concerning him, especially since atten
tion has been called" "to the sad ending
of what once promised to be a brilliant
career. It has been said that he was a
political exile, .that he killed a man in a
duel in his youth, and other theories have
been advanced to account foe his reti
cence concerning his early life.
COLONEL HERNANDEZ
DYING IN PRISON.
jed Participant in the Garcia
Conspiracy Near to His
Death.
CITY OF MEXICO, Feb. 13.— Nieves
Hernandez, who was suspected of com
plicity in the Garcia conspiracy and was
tried by court-martial and sentenced to
doath, is now dying at the San Diego
military prison. He was of strong con
stitution, but the inactive life has told
on him and he is slowly wasting away.
The evidence against him satisfied the
tribunals, but his friends believe In his
innocence, although .» the circumstantial
evidence was strong.
Dominguez Cowan, a member of the
Cuban revolutionary Junta of New York
and head of the Cuban committee, is
dying. He has been very useful to the
Cuban cause and will be a loss to the
patriots. . ,
Wounds a Policeman.
BOSTON, Feb. 13.— A man who after
ward gave his name as Peter Neilson, 23
years of age, of St. Paul, was acting sus
piciously on the streets at 10 o'clock this
morning and was accosted by Policeman
Walter G. Horton, who asked him his
business. Without warning Nellson drew
a pistol and fired at the policeman, shoot
ing him In the hack. Horton, who is not
dangerously hurt,. arrested Neilson.
THE SA^ FRAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1898.
GENERAL TEXTILE
STRIKE ORDERED
If Backed by Other Labor Unions
All the Workers in New Eng
land Will Now Go Out.
BOSTON, Feb. 13.— At a meeting to-day In this city of flfty-flve rep
resentatives of textile unions in New England it was unanimously
voted to recommend that all unions call out the operatives in every
cotton mill in New England.
The meeting was practically the outcome of the recommendation
which President Gompers made to the Federation of Labor last Sunday,
in which he urged the different unions to unite on some settled policy
on the mill situation. At that meeting a committee was appointed to take
charge of the matter and after a conference this committee recom
mended that a general meeting be held to take definite action. To-day
the representatives of the various national textile associations assem
bled and for four hours discussed the situation from every standpoint.
The primary object of the meeting was to devise some methods of
rendering assistance to the New Bedford strikers. It was pointed out
that if the strikers at New Bedford could hold out for four weeks
without receiving more than 20 cents per operative a day in the way of
outside assistance other mill operatives could stand a similar strain
and that if all went out it would precipitate a crisis that would have to
be met with in a short time by the manufacturers. It was also shown
that the mule spinners were in excellent condition as regards funds;
united textile workers and the New England Federation of Weavers
were also in good shape, but that the rest were short of funds. The
questions were fully discussed and at length the matter was put to a
vote, no one being registered against the motion that the different
unions should order a general strike in every cotton mill in New Eng
land until satisfactory adjustment of wages could be arranged.
It now remains for the various national unions to take action on
the resolution, but what this action will be is a matter of conjecture.
If all should acquiesce and vote to strike 147,000 operatives would un
doubtedly cease work and the manufacture of cotton goods throughout
New England would be at a standstill. If, on the other hand, only a
few unions should vote to strike the refusal of the others would still
keep a large portion of the mills in operation.
Inasmuch as the meeting was the outcome of President Gompers'
suggestion and as he admonished the members of the Federation of
Labor to join hands and assist the New Bedford strikers, it seems
probable that nearly every union will carry out the recommendations
and that one of the greatest strikes ever seen in this country is Im
pending.
DEATH CLAIMS
A DIPLOMAT
Kalnoky, Former Austro-
Hungarian Minister,
Summoned.
Was a Talented Descendant
From an Old Bohemian
Family.
Retired Three Years A#o Because of
a Political Dispute With Baron
Banffy, the Premier.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BRUENN, Feb. 13.— Count Gustav
Siegmund Kalnoky de Koros-Patak,
former Austro-Hungarian Minister of
Foreign Affairs, died here this after
noon.
Count Kalnoky, who was born at
! Lettowitz, Moravia, December 1, 1832,
I was descended from the Moravian
I brarch of an old Bohemian family. He
! entered the diplomatic service of Aus
tria In 1850. From ISGO to 1870 he was
Chancellor of the legation at the Aus
trian Embassy in London. In 1874 he
was Minister at Copenhagen; in 1880
he was sent as Embassador to St.
Petersburg?, and in 18S1 he was ap
pointed Austro-Hungarian Minister of
! Foreign Affairs, a post he held with
I distinction until May 16, 1895, when he
was succeeded by the present Austro
! Hungarian Foreign Minister, Count
I Goluchowski. The cause for his resig
| nation was found in Count Kalnoky's
: action in reference to the denunciation
iof ecclesiastical laws by the papal
: nuncio at Vienna, Monsignor Agllardi,
i who was charged by Baron Banffy.
j the Hungarian Prime Minister, with
! having made statements at Budapest
• which amounted to interference in
', Hungarian affairs.
Baron Banffy addressed a note to
' Count Kalnoky informing him that an
interpellation was about to be put for
i ward in the Hungarian Parliament
i concerning the utterance of the nuncio
! which had appeared in the Hungarian
I newspapers, and had never been dis
i claimed by the author. Count Kal
: noky replied that the nuncio had dis
i played tactlessness, overstepped the
j limits prescribed by forelrn diplomatic
j representatives, and that he deserved
that a foreign office note be sent to
the Vatican to complain of his con
duct. He went so far as to sketch a
: communication to the Vatican, and
! the Hungarian Premier telegraphed
! his approval of it. A few days after
: Baron Banffy said in the Hungarian
Parliament that the papal nuncio's
' acts were not approved in Vienna.
As soon as this speech was recited
Ito Count Kalnoky he telegraphed to
! Budapest that only part of his let
; tor to Baron Banffy was for public
' knowledge; that the rest was conft
; dontial, and that the protest to the
• Vatican had not been sent. Efforts
| were made to reconcile the two Minis
i ters. but these were unavailing. The
1 Hungarian House approved Baron
! Banffy's attitude unreservedly and
j Count Kalnoky resigned.
PROVES HER DEXTERITY
WITH A SHOTGUN.
Arizona Woman Riddles the Back of
a Cowboy With Small
Shot.
SAFFORD, Ariz., Feb. IS.— At Gpronlmo
yesterday occurred an affair In which one
small woman not only put a cowboy to
flight, but showed her dexterity with a
shotgun in a manner that may prove fa
tal, according to Dr. Linsoy, the physi
cian of the vanquished.
Charles Carico. the male combatant,
claimed a colt that was beins held by Jus
tice of the Peace Morris. While Morris
was absent Carrico invaded the justice's
stable yard and tried to lead away the
animal. His way was blocked by the
judge's wife and a shotgun. A few sharp
words were exchanged, when Carico. ap
preciating the danger, started to run, his
pace being accelerated by a discharge of
the gun. It is understood that Mrs. Mor
ris did not shoot to hit, but the result was
that Carrico received about forty small
shot in his side.
Suffers Fatal Burns.
SAFFORD, Ariz*, Feb. 13.— Mrs. Miles
Reay, wife of one of the leading residents
of Thatcher, )b lying near to death, her
body horribly burned from the waist up.
In some unaccountable manner her dress
caught fire between her shoulders. She
was alone. She screamed for help and
tried to tear her clothing from her. The
material was too strong for her weak
hands, and much of It had burned away
from her body before assistance arrived.
TREATY WILL
BE DISCUSSED
Will Take Up Much of
the Senate's Time
This Week.
Pettigrew of South Dakota to
Continue His Speech in
Opposition.
Consideration of th« Bankruptcy Bill
Will Bo Resumed in tho
Houso.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 13.— The Ha
waiian annexation treaty will receive
the greater share of the Senate's at
tention during the we"ek. The friends
of the treaty have succeeded in secur
ing quite general assent from Senators
in charge of other measures that the
treaty shall be given practical right of
way until a vote can be had, which
practically will decide its fate. The
Corbett case has right of way, but the
probabilities are that an arrangement
will be made early in the week whereby
a time will be fixed for voting on the
Corbett case, and that then the con
sideration of the treaty will be al
lowed to proceed without material in
terruption.
There are still some speeches to be
made in the Corbett matter, and it may
be proceeded with on Monday in case
no one is prepared to speak on the
treaty. Senator Pettus has not yet
completed his speech in opposition to
Corbett. Senators Burrows and AUeji
also will make opposition speeches,
while Senators Hoar and Spooner will
address the Senate in Mr. Corbett's be
half.
<»n the treaty there will be speeches
in its support by Senators Gorman, Pet
tua, Money, Lodge and others, while
Senator Pettigrew has not yet conclud
ed his speech in opposition. It now looks
as if the fortifications appropriation
bill would not be considered this week.
The House will on Wednesday enter
upon the consideration of the bank
ruptcy bill, which the majority of the
Judiciary Committee has reported as a
substitute for the Nelson bill, passed
by the Senate at the extra session last
summer. Under the order made, the
bill is to be debated on Wednesday,
Thursday and Saturday of this week at
4 o'clock. The substitute, which the mi
nority contend is practically the old
Torrey bill, including both the volun
tary and involuntary features, will be
opposed by the united Democratic and
Populist opposition, but if there is no
appreciable defection from the ranks
of the majority, the measure will pass.
The Democrats and Populists are both
favorable to the passage of a volun
tary bankruptcy bill, but have always
vigorously opposed the Torrey and
other bills, including an Involuntary
feature, claiming that its purpose is
practically the creation of a law for the
collection of debts.
To-morrow is District of Columbia
day. Tuesday probably will be devot
ed to the consideration of such business
as is reported from the committees, and
a call of committees, and Friday, which
was excluded from the order providing
for the consideration of the bankruptcy,
bill, will under the rules be devoted to'
private bills.
CLOVERDALE'S CITRUS FAIR.
Some Features Which Will Delight
the Throngs That Attend.
CLOVERDALE, Feb. 13.— Drawingcardu
of the coming citrus fair will be the
T T klah Glee Club on Saturday afternoon,
February 19. and the Healdsbun? Silver
hornet Band on Tuesday, February 22.
Miss Mabelle Smith, a great favorite at
past citrus fairs, •will render, daily, cornet
solos and assist the Cloverdale band.
Speakers for the fair and the dates on
which they will speak are as follows: In
troductory remarks by G. W. Hoyle of
Cloverdale, ami opening address by Judge
C. H. Pond of Healdsburg, on February
17: addresses by Professor A. P. Haynes
of the State University, and Hon. Thomas
L. Carothers of Uklah, on Mendoeino and
Lake County day, February 19; closing
address by Hon. O. O. Webber of Santa
Rosa, on Sonoma County day, February
22.
Arrangements are bein* made for a
musical carnival on Washington's blrth
day. participated in by the bands pf
Tkiah, Healdsburg, Windsor and Clover
dale.
Superintendent T. B. Wilson was In
Santa Rosa yesterday and was informed
by leading citizens that over half the
denizens of the City of Roses would at
tend the fair. Reports from Uklah,
Healdeburg and Fetaluma are equally aa
favorable.
GARCIA AND HIS
WIFE ARRESTED
Accused of the Murder of
Collins at Santa
Monica.
Telltale Evidence Disclosed by a
Careful Search of Their
Dwelling.
Prisoner* Hurried to Los Angeles
Because of Threats of a
Lynching.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
SANTA MONICA, Feb. 13.— 1n the
case of Charles Collins, found dead yes
terday morning, the Coroner's jury to
day brought in a verdict that the de
ceased was murdered with an ax in the
hands of Peter Garcia, aided and
abetted by Mary Garcia.
A search of the Garcia house, WtlWh
had been guarded this morning, brought
forth an ax that had been recently
washed, yet on the back near the han
dle was a tuft of gray hair and some
blood. Against the wall, under some
clothing, hung a blood-soaked old dress
skirt that had also been partially
washed. As the woman had not been
allowed out of the place her resources
were limited. A blood-stained table
cover and a bespattered newspaper
were also found. Mrs. Garcia gave up
a $20 gold piece, but insisted that Col
lins had paid it to her in return for
borrowed money. Marshal Dexter found
large blood stains on the railroad track
In a direct line between the Garcia
dwelling and the spot where Collins'
body was discovered.
On the witnfess stand Mrs. Garcia
proved almost a match for the Coroner
and made no damaging admissions.
Garcia was not so bright. He testified
that he sold a basket of star fish to a
stranger for $■* yesterday morning, and
out of that it developed that he had
paid $3 for a pair of shoes, bought over
alls, taken a trip to Los Angeles and
spent some money, given $5 to City
Trustee Carrillo to keep for him and
bought a brooch made of a Mexican
dollar, beside paying some small bills
and redeeming Collins' saw that he had
pawned. The blood stains on his coat
must have been made by his nose
bleeding, he thought.
Collins' watch could not be found,
though Garcia was seen to have a
watch in his possession yesterday.
Immediately after the verdict the pair
were arrested and hurried to Los Ange
les as threats of lynching had been
freely made. It was not expected that
the inquest would be terminated until
late into the night and before the ex
cited crowd realized it the pair were
hurried into an electric car and were
on the way to the Los Angeles County
Jail.
WILL ADVERTISE
THE EXPOSITION
Delegation of Omaha Business
Men Starts on a
Tour.
Their Object to Exploit the Tr«ns-
Mlssissippi Fair Soon to Bs
Opened.
8p«clal Dispatch to The Call.
OMAHA, Feb. 13.— A large delegation of
representative business men left this af
ternoon for the Southeast. The Port
Arthur and Wabash roads will convey
them to St. Louis, where they will arrive
to-morrow morning, going thence to
Louisville, Cincinnati, Columbus, Indian
apolis and intermediate points. Return
ing to Cairo, the delegation will go South
to Mobile and New Orleans, reaching
these cities on February 21 and 23. There
are nearly seventy-five men in the party,
including several orators. At Cairo next
Sunday the party will attend church in
a body, and Rev. Dr. Butler of Omaha
will preach. At every important city
arrangements have been made for enter
taining the delegation by the various
boards of trade and commmercial bodies,
more invitations having been tendered
than could be accepted.
The object of the tour is to exploit the
Trans-Mississippi Exposition. As nearly
every State and Territory west of the
Mississippi River is arranging to place
an exhibit, the exposition managers ex
pect the Central and Southern States to
come in, and there is fair promise of
success. Georgia, Florida, West Virginia.
Maryland and New Jersey have named
commissioners, and will place large ex
hibits. Negotiations are pending with
Alabama, Kentucky, Tennessee, Ohio and
Indiana, and the tour of the Nebraska
delegation is intended to place the merits
of the exposition before these States and
bring them in. Nearly a ton of exposi
tion advertising matter will be distributed
en route. The party will be out two
weeks.
Next Wednesday a delegation of Ar
kansans will reach Omaha, and later
Colorado will send a large delegation to
complete arrangements for placing the
largest mineral exhibit ever known. The
main buildings of the exposition are
nearing completion.
Peru's Consul to San Francisco.
LIMA, Peru, Feb. 13.— The Peruvian
Government has appointed Carlos G. Es
tenas Consul to San Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Annual Sales overs, 000,000 Boxes
FOB BILIOUS AND NEBVOUS DISORDERS
euoh as Wind and Pain In the Stomach.
Giddiness. Fulness after meals. Head-
ache. Dizziness. ■ Drowsiness. Flushings
of Heat, Loss of : Appetite. Coativeness,
Blotches on the Skin. Cold . Chills. Dis-
turbed Sleep. Friehtful Dreams and all
Nervous and Trembling Sensations.
THE FIEST DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF
', IN TWENTY . MINUTES. • - Every sufferer
will acknowledge them to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
' BEECHAM'B PILLS, taken as direct-
ed, will quickly restore Females to com- \
, plete health. They promptly remove
-.- obstructions or irregularities of the sys-
, tern and cure sick Headache* . For a
Weak Stomach •
Impaired Digestion
Disordered i Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OK CHILDREN
Beecham'B Pills are
Without a Rival
y :<';'<i'- . ••■■ i "i"':«-'. And h»v* the-. >;.♦'.., ; ;
LARGEST SALE
Sf any Patent Medicine In the World.
25c. at all Drug Stores. ' \
SWIFT HOUNDS
GIVEN POISON
Sensation at the Los An
geles Coursing
Grounds.
Reward Offered for the Appre
hension of the Guilty
Person.
ABC the Victor In the Final, With
Monday Morning as the
Contestant.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 13.— Fine
weather brought the usual large crowd
to the coursing at Agricultural Park to
day. As the weather grows warmer
there is a noticeable increase in the at
tendance and in spite of the fact that
the imported dogs are no longer in evi
dence lovers of sport find that there is
still something to look at and their
ardor does not seem in the least dim
inished. The purse to-day was for dogs
which had never won first, second or
third money, and there were thirty-two
entries.
There was a sensation in the morning
when the discovery was made that Imp.
Reliance and Hardy had been poisoned.
Colonel Black promptly offered $200 re
ward-for evidence leading to the arrest
of the perpetrators of the outrage.
There was a five-mile race between
Robert Hackney's running horse, Prince
Hooker, and the triplet bicycle, ridden
by Lacy, Cromwell and Palmer, the bi
cycle having one-quarter mile start.
The popular opinion was that Prince
Hooker would win, even with the han
dicap, as on previous occasions, and so
it was proved. The horse passed the
triplet on the third mile. He kept the
lead and won in 11:09, which is the best
time that has been made.
In the first run-oft's of the coursing
White Chief beat Kentucky Girl a bye,
Flying Jib beat Mark Hanna, Little
Pearl beat Sky Ball, B B & B beat I
Red Dick, Sailor Boy beat Jack 11, ■
Girofle beat The Times, Monday Morn- i
ing beat Caesar, Maid of Erin beat The
Times a bye, Hetty Green beat Brin,
Black Beauty beat The Roman a bye,
Grandpa (formerly Corbett) beat Flora,
ABC beat Poker Davis, Frisco beat
Monday Evening, Here We Are beat
Rialto, Captain Kidd beat Oscar,
Snooze beat Lady Irv Black.
In the first ties White Thief beat Fly
ing Jib. B B & B beat Little Pearl after
two byes, Girofle beat Sailor Boy, Mon
day Morning beat Maid of Erin, Hetty
j Green beat Black Beauty, ABC beat
Grandpap, Here We Are beat Frisco,
Snooze beat Captain Kidd.
In the second ties White Chief beat
B B & B, Monday Morning beat Girofle,
ABC beat Hetty Green, Snooze beat
Here We Are.
The next was a match race between
La Fiesta Queen and Tiger, Tiger win
ning.
In the third ties Monday Morning
beat White Chief, ABC beat Snooze.
In the final ABC beat Monday Morn
; . ADVERTISEMENTS.
flfr *\ What i
K-***~~u\ Electricity
wF \V V 1 — I Mr—^ X?
L^_^W For Men —
S& IT WARMS IT THE BLOOD. RKSTORE3
Ojß. T^^T^^iTlßMlflliwßMn-^ * tne vlm - the snap an^ the bounce. It
WSV^^v ,'.' '\nSBHMf«Q makes the old man feel younper and the young
\W * MBh HP man strong. It removes the efferts of past er-
ron<. excesses and overwork. It sets the nerves
tingling with new life.
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT.
Every man has heard of it. Every one knows what a grand strengthener it Is. Its repu-
tation for restoring power is world wide. Every day some grateful man tells of Ms recovery
of strength by It. Read this:- ; .:•.■,
lil/EAKNESS CURED.
•■ 7 San Francisco, February 3, 1898. .
 DR. SANDEN— Sir: For over three years I was a sufferer from a wasting weakness,
which drained my system two or three times a „ week, and it was gradually breaking me down.
I hated company, and' wanted seclusion by mypelf. Two months ago I got your Belt, and it
stopped all the loss tn five weeks, and has restored my strength entirely. I am now complete-
ly cured. Tours truly, . , . " N. S. CARR, Occidental Hotel, San Francisco.
It Is worn while you sleep and can be regulated. Read about it in the little book, "Threa
Classes of Men"— by mall or at the office. A physician's advice free at th« office.'
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., ' 630 Market St.. Opposite -.
OnnUEiW ttliUyilUV/ VU,, Palac* Hotel, San Francisco.
Office hours, Ba. m. to 8 p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 1. Branches at Loa Angeles, Cal..
2(H South Broadway; Portland, Or., 253 'Washington 6t; Denver, Col., 931 Sixteenth
1 St.; Dallas, Tex., 285 Main st. ,
NOTE— no mistake In the number— MARKET STREET. . ' ' '
vv 1 *^ Jir [ a I IS!
A Massachusetts chemist, who had been long wedded ;to tobaccoj
1 .-" had palpitation of the heart, and concluded that smokinjf caused it. He i
gave up tobacco, but the heart > trouble continued, and proved finally .
to be a result of acute dyspepsia. ; His 'knowledge of chemistry led
him to take
■ "■■■■ RIPANS TABULES '*.** i
IMI itllU lAI/UL.LIJ ■
and quick relief followed. The distress at his heart OMsed. The long-
: .- „ ing for tobacco also left him. ■ : Now he is a well man, free from both th*> .' ■'" ,
tobacco habit and dyspepsia. •■■ 7"- \ • *S' :
RIPANS TABULES
meter fail to cure stomach troubles where a qare is possible. They are ft
';- ■'■ proren remedy. Every one who has tried them knows this to be a fact.
, !
ing. Monday Morninr took secon*
money, Snooze third, tht rest divided.
COURSING AT DIXON.
CNeil's Promise Me tke Winner o*
the First Priie.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. H.— Tlfe Dixo*
Coursing Association gave Us initial meej
to-day under the managermnt of Georg*
Ehman. A special car loft Sacrament**
early this morning and carried many wn«
are interested in the sport.
The first prize was won 4y O Nell a
Promise Mo of Sacramento. The second
prize was carried away by Valshs Tip
perary Lass of Port Costa. The Judg
ing of J. Nealy gave genersl satisfac
tion J. F. Heenan of Sacramento pre
sided at the slips and was equally suc
cessful. „ ,
Two coursing stakes were iun off in
this city to-day. The weather was per
fect and the attendance large. In thft
Sapling stake Jealousy won. Duke of
Wellington second, Tress third and Jes
sie 8 fourth. In the Beaten dig stake
Arrah Go On won. Pride of Aritona sec
ond, and Lilly of the West third.
•• >—
GREATER NEW YORK HANDICAP
Proposed Stake Which Will Bival
the. Brooklyn and Suburban.
NEW YORK, Feb. 13.— The Queen's
County Jockey Club will institute a han
dicap at its summer meeting to be known
as the Greater New York Handicap. At
least $1000 will be added to the subscrip
tions, and in 1899 the event will be made
to compare from a purse standpoint fa
vorably with the Metropolitan, Suburban
and Brooklyn handicaps, sufficient money
being added to make it interesting to the
owners of the best class of stake horses.
The Consolidation stake will also be a
feature of the Aqueduct summer meeting.
This will be, in all probability, an event
for 2-year-olds. The names of the stakes
are given to commemorate the Joining or
Brooklyn and New York into Greater
New York.
Solicits Aid for Yon der Ahe.
CLEVELAND, Ohio. Feb. 13.— Frank de
Haas Robinson, president of the Cleve
land Baseball Club, to-day sent a dis
patch to President C. E. Young of tho
National League, suggesting that somp
thing be done to help Chris Yon der Ahe.
Robinson thinks the league should pay
Yon der Ahe"s debts and get him gut of
jail, and he proposed that President
Young take a vote by telegraph on tht
question.
Baseball for Charity.
SANTA CRUZ, Feb. 13.— A game of
baseball was played this afternoon at th*
Dolphin Athletic Park for the benefit of
the Catholic Orphan Asylum of this city.
The contestants were the Beachcombers
and a picked nine. Balz and Streib wer»
the battery for the Beachcombers and
Daubenbiss and Nash for the picked nine.
The Beachcombers were victorious, the
score being 5 to 1.
Victory for Healdsburg.
HEALDSBURG, Feb. 13.— 1n an exciting
game of baseball to-day the Elites of this
city defeated the Santa Rosa nine by a
score of 16 to fl.
GENERAL BOOTH AT
THREE LARGE MEETINGS.
Commander of the Salvation Army
"Warmly Received at
Pittsburg.
PITTSBURG, Feb. 13.— General Wil
liam Booth, Commander Booth-TUcker,
his wife and other prominent members
of the Salvation Army, took part in thrpo
immense meetings held in the Bijou The
ater to-day. The party will remain in
Pittsburg until Tuesday on a general In
spection tour, with the purpose of boom
ing the order in this vicinity.
To-morrow morning the general will
make a special address to the ministers
of the two cities, and in the evening will
conduct a public meeting at Carnegie Li
brary Hall. General Booth and party
are being accorded the heartiest co-ope
ration in their work by the religious peo
ple.TELLS OF
THE CRIME
AT BADEN
Moore Adds to the
Confession Made to
Warden Aull.
He and Willett Had Re
solved to Slay if They
Were Opposed.
Insists That Harry Winters
Had No Hand in the Death
of Andrews.
BEGINS TO ACT QUEERLY.
Prison Guards Believe That the Con
demned Man Is Feigning
Insanity.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FOLSOM. Feb. 13.— "1 flr<d the shot
that killed Fred Andrews at Ferriter's
Hotel in Baden on November 17 last,"
said S. E. Moore, alias C. H. Raymond,
to Warden Aull to-night. The con
victed murderer sent word from his cell
early in the evening that he wanted to
see the Warden again, and he was soon
afterward taken to the office of the
prison.
"Harry Winters, who is here in the
prison with me with the sentence erf
death over him for complicity in the
death of Andrews, had nothing to do
with the killing of that man at Ba
den," he continued. "Winters was not
at the hotel on the night of the mur
der that I know of. James Willett was
with me when the crime was commit
ted."
Moore a week ago- sent word to War
den Aull that he had some important
■ information to make public, and he
asked the Warden if he would send for
Rev. John' Chisholm, the chaplain of
the prison, to come and see him. The
chaplain resides at Auburn, and he was
communicated with by telephone.
"Chisholm returned word that he ccmld
not reach the prison before Saturday.
Moore was notified of the chaplain's in
ability to see him earlier in the week,
and then the murderer sent word to the
Warden that he wanted to confess his
crime and correct a mistake that had
been made, whereby, he claimed, a man
innocent of murder was about to suf
fer the death penalty. What he told :
the Warden on that occasion was pub
lished in to-day's Call. / ■ 5' ■
After the murderer was taken back
to jus cell he began acting in an ecoen
li'ic manner, and it was the opinion of j
his uards that he was feigning insan- j
ity.
: ■ Chaplain Chisholm called on the pris
oner to-day, but Moore would not speak
to him. Instead, he crouched in a cor
r.er c-f his cell, glancing at the minister,
ar.d Chisholm backed away from the
murderer, fearing he might be assault
ed. To-night Moore again sent for the
Warden, saying he wanted to make
clear the statements he had made.
'About five days before the murder
occurred," he said, "Winters and I went
to Baden to look at the Grand Central
: H6tel there, with the purpose of seeing
how the rooms were situated. We con
teraplated robbing the place. We went
back to San Francisco, and spent most
of the next two or three days around
Attorney Nagle's office. I was at a Sal- i
vation Army meeting a night or two j
after returning from Baden, and there j
met James Willett. Willett and I had
spent terms in this prison together for
burglary. When we came cut of the
meeting he asked me if I was ready to
do a job. I said 'yes,' and told him of
the good chance of getting a stake from j
Ferriter, the proprietor of the Baden I
Hotel. •
"On November 16 we went to Baden.
A day or two before going I got a pis
tol from Winters, and I gave it to Wil
lett. Winters knew what I wanted the j
pistol for. He knew we were going to
rob Ferriter. On the way to Baden
Willett and I met Winters in Holy
Cross Cemetery. Winters knew where
we were going, and, as I had no pistol
with me, I asked Winters for one he
showed me while we were In the
Cemetery. He gave it to me, and it
v.as the weapon with which I killed
Andrews.
Willett and I reached Baden at I
about 4 p. m. We loitered, about the I
place, keeping hid as well as we could. i
We watched the hotel until all the |
lights were out, then crept up to the j
side door and entered the house. The i
door was not locked, and as we went '
in a dog commenced barking. We
knew then that we would be discover
ed, and we resolved to rob the place
if we had to kill.
"We went up the stairway, and we
met a man in the upper hallway. I
said I wanted some whisky, but he
shoved me part of the way down
stairs. Willett then grappled with
him. and there was a scuffle. Willett
had his pistol in his hand. Then an
other man came in the hall carrying a
light. The man who carried the light
1 killed. I fired four shots. After the
fourth shot I ran down the stairs,
and Willett soon followed me. We
went up the road, and we were to
gether about two hours j before we
separated. The last I saw of Willett
was when I left him In- the road at j
the foot of the hill near Holy Cross
'Cemetery. ; I was arrested : about half
an hour later. The pistol found on me
was the one I did. the shooting. with.
"I do not know what Winters was j
doing at Holy Cross Cemetery the day j
before the murder. He said he was i
going to look for ajob in the Baden ;
Packing; House, but I, do not know if
h^> was. £<">in to Baden for that pur
pose, or not. I did not see Winters at
Baden that night. V ■[':
"While I was in jail at . Redwood I
City. I made a statement to the Sheriff I
of San Mateo County saying that j
Winters and Willett were with me in |
the murder of Andrews. That state- j
rr<--nt was not true. Winters was not |
with the."
Jarr,."-: Willett. who. Moore claims,
was his accomplice in the crime, was
liberated from Folsom Prison only a |
f.-w months ' before the murder was |
committed. He was sent from San j
Francisco for burglary.
CONFESSION RIDICULED.
Wiilett, Whom He Accuses
Was Not in the Hotel at the
Time of the Shooting.
Thf> police ridicule the confession of
P. El Moore, alias C. H. Raymond, who
ip under sentence of death for the mur
der of Fred Andrews at Baden several
months ago.
j'oora. who realizes that there is no
hope for him, last Saturday made an
alleged confession to Warden Aull of
the Folsom Penitentiary, exonerating
Harry Winters, his murderous accom
plice, and throwing the blame on James
Willett, who has not been arrested.
Winters is also to be hanged for his
participation in the murder.
Detective Crockett, through whose ef
forts the murderers were apprehended,
laughed last night when shown Moore's
confession.
"From my investigation," he re
marked, "I am convinced of Winters'
guilt. The evidence at the trial of the
accused men showed conclusively that
he had a hand in the brutal murder.
Prior to the attempted holdup and
murder Winters was a constant com
panion of Moore. It was he who
bought the revolver used by the mur
derous pair.
"Moore, in his alleged confession, at
tempts to shield Winters, evidently for
the purpose of saving his neck. On the
night of the shooting Winters was seen
in the company of Moore. They had
already planned the holding up of the
hotel.
"After the shots were fired Winters
was seized by one of the men who
were in the place at the time. He
readily recognized him and, calling him
by his first name, begged him to stop
shooting. Winters broke away from
him and darted from the hotel.
"After his arrest he was positively
identified as being one of the murder
ers. Willett, the man who Winters
claims was with him at the time of
the murder, has so far eluded arrest.
I am convinced that he was not actu
ally concerned in the shooting. He may
have known of the plans of Moore and
Winters, but after a thorough investi
gation I am satisfied that he was not
present when Andrews was killed.
"It seems to me," continued the de
tective, "that the alleged confession is
nothing more than a clever scheme to
save Winters' neck. His attorney ad
mitted to me during the trial that he
| was up against it, and could not pos
; sibly escape the consequences of his
[ crime. I have expected that something
of the kind would be done, but did not
Think that Moore would attempt to
throw the blame on Willett."
It is understood that the authorities
of Baden will in the next few days
petition the Governor not to commute
the sentence of Moore and Winters.
MASS CELEBRATED IN
PRESENCE OF PILGRIMS.
People From All Sections of the
Country Receive the Apostolic
Benediction.
ROME. Feb. 13.— The Pope celebrated
mass to-day in the Basilica, in the pres
ence of a congregation of pilgrims from
all parts of the country in honor of past
and coming anniversaries, jointly of his
first mass, his election and coronation.
His Holiness was borne to the church in
the Sedia Gestatoria and an elaborate
ceremony was observed. The Pope knelt
while his chaplain celebrated the second
thanksgiving- mass and then, seated on
the throne, receive-1 the leaders of the pil
prims. At the conclusion he pronounced
the apostolic benediction in a strong voice,
after which he was carried from the
church with the 6ame ceremony. His
Holiness appeared to be In excellent
health.
It is estimated that no fewer than 50,000
persons were present, of whom 20.000 were
pilgrims. While the- Pope was being borne
through the church amid the ringing
tones of silver trumpets, the assembly
was raised to a pitch of excitement al
most reaching delirium.
The ceremony was one of impressive
magnificence, and the Pope's appearance
caused indescribable enthusiasm on all
sides.
TRIO OF MURDERS IN
INDIANA MINING TOWNS.
Three Men Dead and Another Dying
as the Result of Fatal
Quarrels.
TERRE HAUTE, Ind.. Feb. 13.— During
a quarrel in a saloon at Urant. a coal
mining town nortn of this city, John Car
rlngton shot and killed Wesley Niece
Saturday. He also shot Bayless Niece,
who will die. The murderer escaped.
At Lyford, another mining town, the
Postmaster, John Gilfoy, shot Joe Hoff
man, who will die.
John Bezle. an Italian, was struck in
the neck with a miner's pick and killed.
His body was then placed under the ele
vator running down to the shaft, where
it was found. The last murder was at
Lodi.
DEATH OF THE MASTER
OF SELWYN COLLEGE.
The Right Rev. John Richardson
Selwyn Passes Away at Pau,
France.
LONDON, Feb. Right Rev. John
Richardson Selwyn, master of Selwyn
College, Cambridge, since 1893, died at
Pau, France, yesterday. '
Dr. Selwyn, who was Bishop of Mela
nesia from 1877 to 1891, was born in New
Zealand in 1544. He was the second son
of Right- Rev. George Augustus Selwyn,
Bishop of New Zealand. He was educat
ed at Trinity College, Cambridge, and
from 1869 to 1871 was successively the
curate of St. Airewas, Staffordshire and
of St. George. Wolverhampton. He en
t^ied the Me.anesian mission In 1872, and
in February, 1877, succeeded Bishop Pat
teson, the first bisuop of Melanesia, who
was murdered by the natives in 1871.
m . ■■
TWO KILLINGS AT SORRENTO.
Quarrel Between Ranchers Results
— ~- in the Death of Both.
SAN DIEGO, Feb. 13.— An affray in
which two men were killed took place at
Sorrento, fifteen miles north of here, at
10 o'clock to-night. There is no communi
cation with the place, and such meager
facts as are received came from Delmar.
twenty miles from Sorrento, and were
given by people who went to Delmar to
telepraph to the Coroner. From their
account it appears that the parties to
the affray were Italian ranchers. Dur
ing the quarrel one of them shot and
-killed another, whereupon a friend of the
victim shot the slayer dead. Officers have
started for the scene.
JOHN J. BRADLEY DEAD.
Passing of a Well-Known News-
paper Man of San Jose.
SAN JOSE. Feb. 13.— John B. Bradley,
a well-known newspaper man of this
city, died suddenly at his home to-day.
Death was caused by hemorrhage of a
blood vessel in the brain. He was a
native of New York and 43 years of age.
The deceased for eleven years v»as city
editor of the. Herald. For the past two
years he had been a deputy in the County
Clerk's office and clerk of the Board of
Supervisors.
James Stephenson Dead.
BOSTON. Feb. 13.— Word was received
here to-day of the death at Old Point
Comfort of James Stephenson. Stephen
son was the father of Grace Stephenson.
whose mysterious disappearance caused
a great sensation in this city last spring.
He was born near Belfast, Ireland. 61
years ago, and came to this country when
a young man. For the past ten years he
has been prominent in the real estate
business in Boston.
Protest Against the Torture.
BARCELONA. Feb. 13.— Thirty thou
sand people, mostly workmen, and or
derly, demonstrated here to-day against
the torture of the anarchists at Mont
juich Fortress. Resolutions of protest
and demanding the punishment of the
torturer! and a revision of the trial were
adopted and will be forwarded to the
Government.
Fishing Schooner Overdue.
TACOMA. Feb. 13.— The steam fishing
schooner Edith is now nearly two weeks
overdue from the Alaska halibut banks,
and fears are entertained that she has
met with disaster of some sort.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1898.
TWO LIGHTS OF THE TURF
Todd Sloan, the Blase Prince of Jockeys, and
His DusKy Rival, Modest "Long-Shot"
Copley.
TODD SLOAN AND "LONG-SHOT" CONLEY.
If you want to see his highness, James Todd Sloan, you must telephone all
morning, for Prince Todd Sloan does not rise till noon. Then, if you insist
upon an appointment, you may have the privilege of being received by the
diminutive Prince of Jockeydom in his apartments at the Baldwin.
If you yearn for "Long-Shot" Con ley's acquaintance, all that's necessary
is to signify your wish. Conley will call upon you or he'll come to the door of
the little room at the paddock out at the Oakland racetrack, where the Jockeys
are penned in and watched.
The difference is the difference between the man who has arrived and the
one who's on the way; between a salary of $12,000 a year and one-fifth as much,
say; belween a great reputation in Racetown abroad and a modest one in Race
town at home.
The figure of a slight, Bhort boy. the foot of a danseuse, the face of a man
of, at least, 45 — this is the great Todd Sloan, the 100-pound idol of the race
track.
"It's all been told before," he tells you •wearily, striking a match with his
jeweled fingers and lighting a huge cigar. "It's been told over and over again
in all the papers all over the world. I've seen the Associated Press reporters
and told it all to 'em, and— and— "
And words failing he sucks at his big cigar for consolation and comfort In
this agonizing moment of interviewing.
His .-oice has not a particle of animation, ?»je corners of his mouth droop
complainingly, and his pale, little face beneath s-is sleek black hair is discon
tented, and woefully blase.
"It must bore you dreadfully," I suggested sympathetically.
"Well, it does," replied the little great man, lifting a foot over his knee.
Such a tiny, shapely foot, with its arched instep and delicate-hued sock
revealed by the tan ties, cut low on the side like a lady's "Diane."
"I've been riding nine years," he went on. "No, it ain't long. I know men
of 50 that ride. An' I intend to ride all my life. There's pleasure In riding, but
there's danger, too. I've been in accidents five or six times. Some take their
excitement one way, some another. I know men, it would be like taking away
sunlight from, if they couldn't bet on races."
It's a long speech for so short a man, and it's delivered in laconic grunts.
Not his big cigar, not even his pretty foot, which he caresses with that be
ringed small hand, can soothe Prince Todd into loquacity.
"I'm going to be here 'bout six weeks," he vouchsafes. "I'm going shoot
ing. Then I'm going back East to work."
It doesn't matter of what he speaks, whether of work or play. The prince
ling of the race-course is always bored. At 23 the penarties of greatness weigh
heavily upon this manikin. Ennui, the curse of royalty— whether of Jockeydom
or otherwhere — has seized upon James Todd Sloan, prince by grace of the pau
city of his inches and the quantity of his dollars.
Let it be a lesson to us whose obscurity would make us long for fame!
With "Long-Shot" Conley, on the other hand, the world is not yet a sucked
out orange. He takes himself very seriously, does this dark rival of the great
dapper, little "Todd."
His black face — he is very black— has all the dumb tragedy of the negro face
till he shows his white teeth in a grin that changes tragedy to farce. But he
doesn't see much to laugh at, though his seriousness Is the stolidity of imma
turity, not the awful 23-year-old disillusion of that man of the world, James
Todd Sloan.
But Conley laughed when he and "Our Climate"— Conley pronounces It "Ah
Climate "—flew by the Prince of Jockeys on Wawona one day last week. And
the memory of his grin Is cherished out at the Oakland track, when a second
time that day the modest ebony jockey outstripped the famous small blue
sleeved man whose reputation is as great among English noblemen as It is
among American commoners, who speak and understand the jargon of the race
track.
I saw Conley yesterday out at the paddock, where the soft, loose earth
around the horses' stalls gives one the ghost of that old memory of exhilara
tion you felt when your feet touched the floor of the circus in olden days.
The negro jockey is a graceful little fellow In his white suit, hooped about
with magenta, and his green silk cap.
"Yes — yes, ma'am," he said, unconscious of his pretty pose there in the
doorway, "Sloan he had the favorite. Yes, ma'am, bofe times, he rode the best
horse. May W. Now she was & cinch, they thought."
"A what?"
"A moral, you know."
I didn't, but I was ashamed to admit It.
"When we lined up that secon' time, ma'am, Sloan he was ahead o' me an'
I come last. It was jes' a six-furlong sprint, but when we'd got three-quar
ters done, I went pas' him and won."
"Did you say anything as you passed?"
"(J, we didn't say nuffln to each other. He don' know me, ma'am, said Con
ley modestly. "I— l know him"— even a black cat may look at a jocßey prince
—"I see him las' year on th' track. I knowed I'd beat him when we started.
Th' boys, the other jockeys," Conley nodded his head- toward the inside of the
room on whose threshold he stood, "they heard so much 'bout him, they don"
think they can beat him."
Conley is a little vague about his age. He's 'bout 23, he tells you. But he
speaks positively enough with all enthusiasm about his riding. When he talks
of horses, one understands what the racetrack reporter means by describing
Conley's way of riding as "hand and foot style." When Conley rides, so they
tell you at the track, he rides with every fiber of his body, as though all his
soul were in the race. Prince Todd, though, is made of different mold. Per
haps this is why the crowd out at Oakland's track Wednesday rejoiced in the
darkey's triumph.
"Wha, ahve been riding, " says Conley, "evah since ah was a little fellow
no higha 'n that," and he puts out a pink-palmed black hand a few inches below
his present height. "Ah used V ride at Sahtoga, but ah got kin' o' bothered an'
didn' want f ride any mo, till 'bout two yeahs ago, when I began to ride lone
shot hosses, ma'am. Don' know what's long-shot?" Conley's white teeth
showed. "Long-shot hosses ha' long odds agen 'em. Tha's why ah'm •Long-
Shot" Conley."
"Do you think If you were mounted upon as good a horse as he you could
always beat Todd Sloan?"
Sloan's rival smiled and then grew very serious.
"Well— well, he wouldn' beat me," he said boyishly. "Ah know that."
MIRIAM MICHELSON
WOULD MAKE YUEN CHAU
FU A TREATY PORT.
England Negotiating With China
for the Opening of This
Harbor.
PEKING, Feb. 14.— England Is negotiat
ing with China to open Yuen Chau Fu,
in the Province of Hu Nan, as a treaty
port, and is negotiating also on the sub
ject of the navigation of inland waters.
The Chinese Government has paid the
agreed indemnity of £4000 ($20,000) to M.
Lyaudet. the Frenchman kidnaped by
Tonquin pirates in ISftu. -»
The Now Year's audience for the foreign
Ministers has been fixed for February 15,
and the banquet by the Tsung L.I Yamen
will be given the following day. Owing
to the long delay, the Ministers had de
clined an audience, but the Tsung LI
Yamen has now arranged the matter.
Will Suffer No Disruption
NEW YORK. Feb. 13.-The church of
Dr. John Hall will suffer no disruption
r^ ugh ,i he Tec , ent with drawal of most
of the elders and trustees. At the service
to-day it was announced that a meetin*
w , ou ' d Il be h tl d to-morrow for the purpose
of filling the seven vacancies on the
board of trustees.
Athletic Sports Postponed.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 12.— The date for
the intercollegiate athletic sports to be
held at Santa Monica has been nost
poned from February 22 to April 30 in
ord<-r that northern colleges may have
sufficient opportunity to file entries
Steen to Form the Cabinet.
CHRISTIANIA. Feb. 13.-Klng Oscar has
entrusted to former Premier Steen the
task of forming a new Cabinet.
To Cure a Cold In One Do«.
Take Laxative Bromo Qulnln* Tablets. All
drugflsta refund the money If It falls to cure
16c. The genuine has L. B. Q. on each tablet.
TRIED TO KILL
HIS PARTNER
L. St. D. Roylance Fired
Five Shots at F. J. Dyer
Last Evening.
Had Been Friends and Inter
ested in Electrical Business
for Years.
Four Bullets Took Effect, but They
Will Not Prove Fatal—Roy
lance ArrestaJ.
F. J. Dyer, who Is connected with the
Acme Electrical Company, was shot
last evening at 537 Mission street by L.
St. D. Roylance, a former partner In the
business, and, while the wounds are be
lieved not to be fatal, they are exceed
ingly painful. Five shots were fired by
the would-be assassin, and one ball en
tered the right side of the lower jaw,
shattering the bone in such a manner
that the greater portion of it will have
to be taken out; another entered the
right hand; another, which was pre
sumably spent, struck the breast, and
the fourth passed through the sleeve
and cuff on the right arm.
According to reports given, the two
men had been on the best of terms for
years past, but of late bitter quarrels
arose, and each threatened the other.
Last evening Roylance went to the
house at 537 Mission street and called
his former friend, and after some hard
words had passed he took out the pis
tol and fired point blank at Dyer's
head.
The bullet entered the lower jaw.
Dyer then ran into the house, and Roy
lance kept firing through the door and
window. The second bullet went
through the door and struck the victim
in the chest, but only made a slight
scratch, the force of the bullet having
been spent by passing through the
wood. When the shots were fired
through the window, flying glass cut
the wounded man about the head, and
it was at first thought he had been fa
tally injured. The ambulance was
called, and Dyer was taken to the Har
bor Receiving Hospital, where he was
treated by Drs. Thompson and Hartley.
He was afterward sent to St. Luke's
Hospital, where he will be operated
upon for the purpose of removing the
bullet from the jaw bone.
A slight tinge of scandal seems to be
connected with the attempted murder,
as it was reported that family troubles
had arisen between the two men dur
ing the past month, but as neither the
injured nor the shooter will give any
information or make any statement
which would tend to incriminate the
other, there is possibly no foundation
for the rumor.
Roylance was arrested immediately
after the shooting and taken to the
Central Station. He refused to make a
statement, except to say that Dyer had
tried to kill him on three previcrus oc
casions, and that he fired in self-de
fense. He was charged with an assault
to commit murder.
EDWARD T. JEFFERY HERE.
The President of the Denver and Rio
Grande Speaks of Railroad
Matterp.
Edward T. Jeffery, president of the
Denver and Rio Grande, arrived from the
north yesterday, and is staying at the
Palace. Mr. Jeffery has been president
of the railroad company during the past
six years, but prior to that time was
connected with the Illinois Central for
thirty-three years.
In speaking of Colorado last evening
Mr. Jeffery said that State was enjoy
ing better prospects at the present time
than it has since the panic of 1893, both
in trade, mining and agricultural Inter
ests.
"I left the State a" week ago last Fri
day and am on a general tour of observa
tion, combining business with pleasure.
"The cut-rate trouble between Chicago
and Denver has not yet been settled. The
last conference between the Western
trunk lines was held last Thursday. Af
ter a protracted discussion the subject
of fast train service by the Chicago, Bur
lington and Quincy and by the Chicago
Northwestern and the Union Pacific rail
roads was referred to the five presidents
of the companies in interest;* that is.
President Hewit of the Northwestern,
Burt of the Union Pacific, Perkins of the
Burlington, Cable of the Rock Island
and Ripley of the Santa Fe. They are
to take the matter tinder consideration.
Pending their recomßiendations and
views, the rates will be maintained.
"The Klondike fever has struck the
miners of Colorado, and already parties
are being made up to jourjiey to the gold
fields. The miners of tnat State have
become inured to working at an alti
tude of 12,000 feet, when the thermome
ter has been 40 to 45 degrees below zero,
and feel confident they can stand the
Alaska climate. They will take with
them experience in mining, and also
ability to stand exposure."
Mr. Jeffery will pay his respects to the
officers of the Southern Pacific to-day.
He will remain in this city till the end
of the week, when he will return to Col
orado.
DOG SHOW OPENS TO-DAY.
There Will Also Be Other Good At-
tractions at the Fair.
The management of the Mining Fair has
prepared an elaborate and interesting
programme for this afternoon and to
night. The ladies who visit the fair in the
afternoon will be presented with souvenir
spoons. The dog show will open to-day
under the auspices of the St. Bernard
Kennel Club. The Martels will appear
both in the afternoon and at night. Three
humorous contests have been arranged
for to-night. There will be a grinning con
test through horse collars, a popcorn eat
ing contest, and a soap wrapping contest.
The chief feature last night was the ap
pearance of the Baroness Marie yon Zie
ber, who sang with great effect three
numbers. Her first selection was the
"Intermezzo." from "Rusticana," the oth
ers were "You" and the "Zenda Waltzes."
Little Minnie Berlin also rendered two se
lections which were warmly received.
The musical programme for this evening
is as follows:
Overture. "Preciosa" (C. M. yon We
ber); selection, "El Capitan" (Sousa);
"Dance of the Aborigines" (Le Thiero);
ballet. "Coppelia" (Delibes); fantasie.
"An Old-Time Fire Scene" (Cappa). syn
opsis—Conversation at the Engine House,
the Alarm, the Start, at the fire. All Is
Safe, the Return, the Finale; selection,
"Mephlstopheles" (Boito); solo for the
cornet. W. B. Rogers; waltz, "Espanlta"
(Rosey); three movements from "Caval
leria Rusticana" (Mascagni); "Dress Pa
rade" (Sherman).
A Man Missing.
Charles M. Long, the proprietor of the
Williams Hotel at Williams, Cal.. is miss
ing, and hiß friends and relatives think
he has committed suicide.. He left his
home on the 10th inst., and wrote his
father, brother and wife that he was going
to San Francisco to kill himself. He had
about $400 when he left, and notwith
standing this fact is known to have bor
rowed sums of money from different
friends after his arrival in this city. The
case was reported to the police by L. G.
Manor, a friend of Long's, who lives in
Williams, and he describes the missing
man as being of medium build, with lull
beard, and wearing a suit of dark clothes
Go to O'Brien & Sons for modern style,
high-grade surreys, phaetons and buggies
at low prices. Corner Golden Gate ave
nue and Polk street. •
/ ADVEBTISEMENTS. * -
-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■ ■ ■'''■■'•"■-
CLOAK DEPARTMENT
LEADERS
FOR TO-DAY!
Intending buyers of outergarments
will do well to take advantage of the
SPECIAL AND EXTRAORDINARY RE-
DUCTIONS quoted to-day in our Cloak
Department, as the garments combine
elegance and stylishness, are perfect
fitting, and for this occasion are offered at
PRICES THAT ACTUALLY DON'T PAY
COST OF MAKING I
9* EA LADIES' BLACK CHEVIOT CLOTH JACKETS, fly fronta, Btawoolla*
$L.d\). former price $5, special to-day at $2 50.
DAB LADIES' TWO-TONED BOUCLE CLOTH JACKETS, fly fronts, star
$L.7d* collar, cord ornament in front, regular price $6, special to-day at $3 96.
ti AC LADIES' RUSSIAN BLOUSE JACKETS, in Tan Coverts and two-t«a«
$O.7iJ. Boucle Cloths, braided or velvet trimmed, former price $8 60, special
to-day at $3 95. 'U. t
CEAA LADIES' BLACK AND NAVT KERSEY CLOTH JACKETS, Hr.
$7.VV. fronts, storm collar, former prloe $10, special to-day at $5.
Ci CA LADIES' TAN KERSEY CLOTH JACKETS, fly fronts, lined with
$v.t)V. silk Serge, silk cord ornament, former price $12, special to-day at $6 60.
*7 ca LADIES' KERSEY CLOTH JACKETS, fly fronts, star collar, strafjped
$l.t)v< seams, colors Tan, Navy and Black, former price $12 50, special to-day
$■;% . $7 50. , .
1A AA LADIES' RUSSIAN BLOUSE JACKETS, silk lined, richly braided, as-
vlw.vv.Borted colors, former prices $18 and $20, special to-day at $10.
*5 Eft LADIES' BLACK BOUCLE CLOTH CAPES, lined with Silk Serge.
$o.t)V. Thibet Fur on fronts and collar, regular price $5, special to-day at $3 60.
« AC LADIES' ASTRAKHAN CLOTH CAPES, lined with Silk Serge,.Thlbet
$0.70. front, regular price $6, special to-day at $3 95.
ti AC LADIES' SEAL PLUSH CAPES, lined with Silk Serge, richly braided
$4.73. fronts edged with fur, regular price $8 50, special to-day at $4 95.
C 7 ca LADIES' PLUSH CAPES, Silk lined and richly beaded, fur fronts
*i«3u. nd collar, former price $12 50, special to-day at $7 50. . :.:;.?>
ri §c LADIES' SUITS, Blouse Waists, lined and boned, Silk trimmlngron c01-
♦4.7i;. lar and fronts, skirts lined and boned, former price $9, special to-day
at $4 95. - . . .
*i ea LADIES' FIGURED SILK DRESS SKIRTS, assorted patterns, double
♦4.JU. lined and bound, former price $7 50, special to-day at $4 50.
ffi aa LADIES' ELECTRIC SEAL FUR COLLARETTES, Silk lined, former
91.7 V. price $5, special to-day at $1 90.
*i AA LADIES' VICUNA CLOTH WRAPPERS, assorted colors, bTaided bo-
si.VV. iero fronts, former price $1 75, special to-day at $1.
lw\f Murphy Building:, w [rip Murphy Building, Jf
Mariet ani Jones Steels. Market anil Jones Streets.
STABBED HER
TO THE HEART
A Chinese Girl Murdered
by a Disguised Half-
Breed.
First Slashed Brutally Across
the Face and the
Body.
Unrequited Love Assigned as the
Cause of the Fiendish
Act
Another terrible murder was added
to Chinatown's already long list last
night, when Charley Dean, a half-breed
Chinaman, stabbed to the heart Yit
Sing, a Chinese girl, at her home, on
Pacific street and Bartlett alley.
The girl died while being taken to the
hospital, and her body was removed to
the Morgue.
Dean went to the house disguised as
a colored man and rang the bell. The
door was opened by the girl, when he
slashed her across the face with a
highbinders' knife, about twelve Inches
long. In his frenzy he inflicted several
nasty body wounds, and completed the
deed by burying the knife in the girl's
heart The motive prompting the mur
derous act is said to have been unre
auited love.
The murderer then made his escape,
but the police hope to capture him be
fore morning. He is a well-known
character in Chinatown. Dean is said
to be an ex-convict.
WILL FOUND A
JAPANESE COLONY
Land Purchased by Ex-Pre
mier Omoti in Mexico to
Be Examined.
A Treaty With Mexico to Be Nego
tiated and a Coffee Planta
tion Started.
H. Kawamura and Naotare Kobayashi,
his secretary, arrived here yesterday on
the Gaelic, and are registered at the Oc
cidental.
They are on their way to Mexico to ex
amine land purchased by ex-Premier
Omotl of Japan for the purpose of found
ing a colony.
The land is situated in the city of Chia
pas, near Guatemala, and consists of 100,
000 acres.
Mr. Kobayaahl, In speaking of the
colony last evening, said: "The making
of the colony there Is a priva.te enter
prise, and in no way backed by the Gov
ernment. The colonists purpose planting
coffee, as well as other cereals. It has
not yet been deckled how many Japanese
will be brought over. Mr. Kawamura,
and myself are going first to ascertain
the nature of the land and how many it
will support. We have concluded a treaty
with Mexico which allows the subjects
of Japan to possess land in their own
right. As soon as an examination of the
land is made we will report to our su-,
perlor. Should a colony be established 1
think the Viscount Omoti will visit it?
Our trip may take about five months a*
we intend to make a thorough examina
tion.
"The Mexican planters want JapaneW
laborers, as they are cheaper. They witt
work for 30 shillings a month— about $7 in
gold. The employer must furnish them
with suitable food and guarantee them a.
return passage, also medical attendance)
while on the plantation. "
*7 W !n r'V- return wlth Mr- Kawamura
but will take up residence in the City of
Mexico for the purpose of arranging fo»
the reception of laborers for the planta
tions I will represent the Toyo Imin
Goshi Kaisha. which is the Oriental Emit
gration Company."
Speaking about the trouble in Japan.,
Mr. Kobayashi said there would be niv
war. "Although the relations are stralne*
with Russia, we are most friendly with?
England and America. From what I sa-wy
and heard. I don't think there is anyi
danger of trouble. Japan will try to pre-i
vent war as long as possible, as it pre
fers peace."
CRAMER WINS.
Fine Weather and a Hip Crowd fo»
the First Reliance Road Race.
OAKLAND. Feb. 13.-The first roa<B
race of the Reliance Wheelmen was hel<ti
to-day at Haywards and resulted in a !
victory for Cramer. The weather waa
perfect and the attendance all that could'
be desired. Fully seventy-five of the Re
liance boys went down to witness the
affair. The entries and their handicaps
were as follows:
G. A. : Wyman. scratch; A. P:- Deacon
scratch; P. A. Rosenheim, scratch- C D
Gooch. 30 seconds; P. R. Mott. 30 seconds-"
C. D Bates, 4o seconds; J. c. Ewin*
seconds; H. A. Tubbs. 45 seconds; W
Bacon, 1 minute; G Cramer, 1:15; A. Bax
ter, 1:15; P. HayseJden. > 1:30; G. Voet\
1:30; C. Davis. 1:30; F. Butterworth 1-tv
W. Ward, 1:45; F. Coxhead 1:45; J Cree
ley, 1:45; J. Austin, 1:45; T Havs'M.W
1:45; G. Gross, l:45 : 'G. LehnerTl^V*
Ligda, 2 minutes R C. Elder, 2 minutes
\Villiam Gross, 2 minutes; J. H. Pfusch
2 Th nUt eS - H Albert Pratt -" 2 minmes . '
Tne finish was made in the following
order: First Cramer, 1:45, 14:42; second,
< oxhead 1 , 1 : 5> 14:4 : third, - Wyman
scratch .3s:24; ffortu rtn ' Bacon ' 1 minute.
14:42^; fifth, Vogel, 1:30. 15:34. and sixth
Rosenheim. scratch, 14:07.
The Glory of Young Men.
Rev. W. B. Dugran discoursed last even
ing at Stewart Memorial United Presby
terian Church, Guerrero street, between
Twenty-second and Twpnty-third, on the
subject, "The Gjory of Young Men." He
stated that physical force is of no avail
against the foes incident to nineteenth
century existence, considered from a
Christian standpoint, but that faith in
Christ Jesus is a necessary attribute.
The French Government reserves to
itself the right of using white posters.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
Th»f»j- /Q
56
©be
MONDAY 7. ..FEBRUARY 14, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PLBLICATION^PFICE Market and Third SU, 3. F-
Telephone Main IS6B.
EDITORIAL ROOMS . .217 to 221 Stevenson «tr«at
Telephone Main 1574.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) I* .
served by carrlars in this city and surrounding town* !
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 p«r year; per month |
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.53 i
OAKLAND OFFICE..... ~ 908 Broadway
Eastern Representative, DAVID ALLEN.
NEW YORK OFFICE ....Room 188, World Building
WASHINGTON (D. C. OFFICE Rlfifte Hou««
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICE 6--527 Montgomery street, •orrjer Clay
open until 9:30 o'clock- 339 Hayes street: open until
9:50 o'clock- 62! MoAlllster street: open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock
ISW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets: open until
I o'clock- 2516 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock
iC6 Eleventh st-: open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk streei
cpen until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second
ond Kentucky streets; open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— The Bosiontans.
O»mornia-Blac* Patti Troubadours.
Columbia— " What Happened to Joneu"
AUnzar— "Charley's Aunt'
Mwosco**— "Sheiiandonh. "
Vtvoli— "Said Pasha-"
Orphoum— Vaudeville.
Metropolitan Hall— Lecture Tuesday evening.
Olympia, corner Mason and Eddy Btreets-Speciait.es.
lhe Chutes— Chiqulta and Vaudeville-
Sherman 4 Clay Ball, 223 Slitter St.— Concert Tuesday nlsfht.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Mining Fair and Klondike Exposition,
Calliornta Jockey Club. Oakland Kacetrack-Raceß to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By Emil Cohn— Wednesday. February 16, Stationery Store, »»
713 Larkin street, at 11 o'clock.
By Yon RUein & Co.-Thursday, February 24, Real Estate, at
RK Market street, at 12 o'clock.
OUR ENORMOUS BUSINESS.
THE enormous business now being done in the
United States may be realized by a glance at
the bank clearings for the past week. They
amounted to the stupendous sum of $i.434.975- OO0 >
and were 52 per cent larger than for the same week
in 1897, 58 per cent larger than in 1896, 74 per cent
larger than in 1895, a "d 82 per cent larger than in
1804. The only city of any importance to show a
decrease last week was Denver, which tell off 18 per
cent for some cause not known and probably local.
The gain in San Francisco was 25.3 per cent, and it
may be remarked in passing that this city uniformly
stands eighth in volume of business and one of the
ten whose clearings are always written with eight
figures.
The railroad earnings of the country are also large
for midwinter, those for January" being $.38,000,006, or
16.6 per cent better than in January, 1897. This is per
haps due to the opening of the spring trade, which is
sudden and earlier than usual, itself a gratifying sign
of the general prosperity of the country.
The two leading features of the week are the
abrupt improvement in the iron and steel trade? and
the continued increase in the demand for cotton.
This latter has greatly stimulated trade in the South
and Southwest, which report a more active call for
merchandise, chiefly on spring account. The busi
ness failures show the usual decrease, those last week
being 278, against 301 for the same week in 1897 and
381 in 1896. The exports of wheat fell off somewhat,
though they were 1,400,000 bushels larger than for
the same week in 1897. The exports of corn, on the
contrary, showed an increase, being larger than for
some years. The output of iron is immense, and yet
we are told that even this bids fair to fall short of
the demand for finished product; if the present activ
ity in building of various kinds continues. The dis
tributive trade of the country was never as good as
it is now, and advices from all parts of the country
report collections satisfactory. The recent advance
of 17 per cent in woolen goods is maintained with
out difficulty, and heretofore idle mills are starting
up in many localities. The hide and leather trades
are in first-class shape, and the hide market has again
advanced under an extreme scarcity, which is
causing some annoyance to dealers and leather man
ufacturers.
There seems to be a disposition all over the
country to invest in corporate enterprises, as
affording safe and profitable returns. This is
one of the best signs of the times yet
observed. It shows that the people have
confidence in financial and industrial operations
of large capitalists, and that a good deal of the sense
less outcry against this class of business has died
away, as it does when times are good. This ten
dency is shown by the bullish feeling in securities
in Wall street, and, to come closer home, by the
noteworthy activity in the San Francisco market for
local stocks and bonds. Attention has already been
called to the latter, and a glance at the transactions
on the Stock and Bond Exchange will be a revela
tion to those who do not keep track of the daily
dealings in these securities. There is nothing better
to hold than first-class stocks and bonds. They are
alwnvs available at a moment's notice in case of de
sired financial accommodation, and are therefore
called quick assets.
The local situation presents no new features of
importance this week. Wheat is quoted rather
higher than during the preceding week and is in
trinsically nronjj. Barley continues to advance and
is getting scarce, as shipments to Europe this season
have been heavy. The other cereals hold their re
cent advance. The activity in provisions shows no
diminution, and dealers report trade better than ever
before at this time of the year. Hides have gone up
again. Dried fruits and raisins are still in the dumps,
though at the present rate of slow and steady pur
chasing by the East stocks bid fair to be well whittled
down by the time the new crop comes forward.
Hogs have advanced and are firm at the improved
prices, with a growing scarcity reported in choice
hogs. Beef and mutton rule steady at the good
price*. The wine trade is still in a bad way owing
to the lack of agreement between the different in
terests, but there are indications that the market may
soon shape itself into better condition, and those in
the trade express general confidence in the future of
the industry.
Crop prospects have been greatly improved by the
recent rains, and while more moisture is needed in the
great valleys, especially in the south-central part of
the State, no district is suffering. The usual spring
rains will doubtless bring us. through all right.
There is such a thing as dignity. San Jose should
resent the act of a Councilman in. selling himself so
cheaply. '
PUT UP OR SMUT UP.
SOME days ago The Call published as an item
of news a report that John W. Lynn, who re
cently in Oakland made an attempt to kill his
wife, was said to have killed Peter Camarinos, an
inmate of the Agnews Asylum for the Insane. The
story was that Lynn had been employed as a special
attendant for Camarinos, who was at times violent,
and was so employed at the time of the death of the
patient. The report of the killing was given on the
authority of John R. Griffiths, who was an inmate
of the asylum at the time, and claims to have been
an eye-witness of the assault which led to the death.
The Call was not responsible for the story of Grif
fiths further than results from making it public. It
was responsible, however, for the statement that
Lynn had been employed at Agnews as the attend
ant of Camarinos and was acting in that capacity
at the time Camarinos died.
The Examiner, in its eagerness to make up for lack
of news in its own columns by discrediting the news
of The Call, at once denied the truth of this story.
It said: "John R. Griffiths, who is responsible for the
story, claims to have been an inmate of the asylum at
the time the alleged murder was committed, and he
has been quoted as saying that he saw Lynn kill
Camarinos. After the crime Lynn says he went to
Fresno. This was about November 26, as near as
he can fix the date. As a matter of fact and record
P. Camarinos died on December 8 last, or nearly a
month subsequent to the time when Griffiths claims
Camarinos was murdered."
The Call does not publish news that it has not in
vestigated. The statements it makes are accurate and
can be relied upon. It does nofr depend, like the
Examiner, for success in business on fakes and
frauds, but on the correctness of its reports. There
fore it cannot permit its reports to be aspersed with
out making reply. In this particular case it calls
upon the Examiner to make good its charges or
stand branded as an envious libeler of a paper that
beats it as a newsgatherer.
As the Examiner boasts much of its devotion to
charity. The Call now offers it an opportunity to
add $1000 to the charitable institutions of San Fran
cisco on these terms: The Call will deposit $rooo
with Mayor Phelan to be forfeited to the charities
of the city if it was in the wrong in the statement
that Lynn was at Agnews at the time of the death
of Camarinos, provided the Examiner will deposit
an equal sum to be forfeited and divided In the same
way if it be proven that The Call was right.
The Examiner is so quick to discredit the reports
of its rivals, and so incessant in boasting its regard
for charity, it can hardly decline the proposition we
have made without stultifying itself both as a news
gatherer and as a patron of charitable institutions.
The issue before it is therefore plain. It must put up
or shut up.
LINCOLN DAY SPEECHES.
BY common consent in all parts of the country
the celebration of the anniversary of the birth
day of Lincoln seems to have been turned over
tc Republicans as a party feast day, just as the cele
bration of the battle of New Orleans, Jackson day
has been made a Democratic festival. The two par
ties into which the people are divided thus have their
partisan celebrations early in the year, and thereafte*
come together as one people to do honor to the
memory of Washington, whose good fortune it wa!
to be associated with no party or faction of his coun
trymen.
In a certain sense it is to be regretted that the
observance of the birthday of Lincoln should be par
tisan, but the result was well nigh inevitable. Lin
coln so thoroughly represents Republicanism, htf
was so closely identified with the history of the party,
he stood so stanchly for principles and policies o*
governmental action which are the exclusive prop
erty of the party, that it would be difficult to corn*
memorate htm or his work without commemorating
also the party which elected him to the Presidency
and supported him in the arduous task of saving the
Union and freeing the slave.
In commemoration of the day on Saturday but two
Democrats of national repute took part, and one of
them only indirectly. Mr. Bryan, who talks on all
occasions, spoke to his fellow townsmen of Lincoln
Nebr., and Mr. Towne, the silver-tongued orator
from Duluth, spoke in Los Angeles to a club of so*
called silver Republicans. Their speeches were dis
cords. Their utterances sounded like jarring note*
disturbing the lofty harmony of patriotic speech
which Republican orators were sounding in honor of
Lincoln and the mighty party which is still inspired
by his memory and his principles.
Bryan and Towne each in his own way preached
the demagogue creed of class antagonisms. They
went over the old familiar calamity cry
about the bondholder crushing the farm
er and the laborer. Their speeches tended
to discontent and strife rather than to the
glorious exultation which Americans should feel in
being citizens of a land where a man born as pool
as Lincoln could aspire to the Presidency and where
a statesman as honest and as pure from self-seeking
could attain it.
So long as Democracy continues to follow such
leaders as these the celebration of the birthday of
Lincoln will of necessity remain the special charge of
the Republican party. As the years pass, however, a
change will surely come. The youth of the land is
being taught in our public schools' to revere the name
of the martyred President and to learn the patriotic?
lessons taught by his simple but sublime life. These
as they reach maturity, no matter which party the-*
join, will feel an instinctive prompting to participate
in every celebration in honor of the greatest of all
Americans, and then Lincoln's birthday will be a
national festival and all the people will take part
in it.
Anthony Hope's dislike of interviewers is not
surprising when he explains that these inquisitive
gentlemen did not ask him anything about
England. As a matter of fact the absence of Anglo
mania is nothing to be deplored. This part of the
world hears all it wants to about England without
consulting an authority likely to be biased.
It is well that discovery of defective ammunition
among that supplied to the Government has been
mad* in shooting at inanimate targets rather than at
a live enemy. It would be pleasing now to hear of
some of the rascally contractors who furnished it
being fined and put on a blacklist.
Oakland's city jail is said to be of a character to
make the way of the transgressor more than reason
ably hard. If so it is clearly unconstitutional.
General Dickinson is a credit to the National
Guard. When in full uniform there is nothing more
beautiful.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1898.
STATEMENTS made by members of the Board
of Supervisors on the subject of water rates
show that the city is fairly safe against the dan- j
ger of a raise in the price at which water will be fur
nished to consumers during the next year. Six
members of the board have declared themselves op
posed to an increase, and if all of these hold firm ;
the scheme of the water company to place a higher !
burden of taxation upon the people for that neces- j
sary of life will be defeated.
The Supervisors who have thus frankly declared
themselves on the 'side of the community are: Clin
ton, Dodge, Lackmann, Morton, Rottanzi and
Smith. These men are not waiting to be seen by any
one, nor are they seeking to see any one. They are
aware of all the factors of the problem. Past inves
tigations have given them as much knowledge on the
subject as the company will ever give. They also
know the needs of the city. These facts afford them
a sufficient foundation on which to base a conclusion
of what should be done in the present instance.
There have been no notable changes since last year,
nothing to justify an increase of the rates, and ac
cordingly these men, being honest, have no hesita
tion in declaring what course they will take in deal
ing with the demand of the company.
There are six Supervisors who have not yet de
cided how they will vote on the question. These
are: Britt, Delaney, Devany, Haskins, Rivers and
Sheehan. They are waiting for more information.
Britt says, "I will be governed by circumstanecs";
Delaney says. "I will be in a better position to
judge * * * when the company has had an op
portunity to be heard"; Devany says, "It would be
too soon to ask me how I should vote in the mat
ter"; Haskins says, "I decline to express an
opinion"; Rivers says, "I will be guided entirely by
the testimony and the facts adduced before the
board"; Sheehan says, "I will be governed a good
deal by the representations made during the in
quiry."
All of this is fair talk, and under normal conditions
would pass as seemingly honest, but in the present
instance it gives rise to suspicions. The public is
familiar with the kind of evidence obtainable in ex
aminations of this kind. Again and again the water
rates of the city have been made the subject of in
vestigation, and the sum of all has been a moral de
monstration that the water company will never let the
true value of its plant and business be known. Just
enough has been revealed to make it certain that
water rates are now as high as they should be.
The Supervisors who are waiting for testimony
and are so eager to give the water company a chance
to be heard have doubtless peculiar ideas of the kind
of testimony the company is capable of putting up if
it chooses, and have probably made up their minds
fast how much of the testimony will be necessary to
induce them to vote for the desired raise in rates.
Fortunately, the danger of a raise this year is small.
With six Supervisors and the Mayor on the side of
the people and justice the chances for a cinch scheme
are small.
WHILE the recent disclosures of so many
scandals in connection with the administra
tion of various departments of official affairs
are by no means pleasant reading for the people, the
situation is not without encouraging aspects. Cor
ruption can never be overcome until it has been ex
posed. Light must be thrown into all the dark cor
ners of evil before the reforming broom can be ef
fectively used. In this instance the light has been
Mimed on good and strong. The work to be done is
now clear before us, and therefore we have reason to
hope the reforming task can be accomplished with
complete success.
It is not a coincidence merely that so many scan
dals have been brought to light at once. It cannot
have escaped the attention of any careful student of
current events that all of these examples of wrong
doing have been exposed by The Call as a part of its
work on behalf of the commonwealth. It was not
chance that brought them to light, but intelligently
directed zeal in the interests of the people and good
government. The popular approval which has. at
tended The Call in exposing the wrongdoing will
support Grand Juries and other authorities in the
work of bringing the guilty to condemnation and
punishment, and the outlook for reform is distinctly
promising and cheering.
As a matter of fact we are going through the
process of cleaning the governmental ship for a new
departure. The exposure and punishment of wrong
doing is at all times commendable, but they could
never be more opportunely done than at this time.
We shall soon be called upon to elect new officials,
and it is altogether fitting, therefore, that the atten
tion of every citizen should be at this time directed
to the evils of bad government. The present scan
dals will have the effect of arousing public sentiment,
and to that extent will serve a useful purpose by in
creasing the chances of getting better public serv
ants next time.
The Call does not delight in official scandals. It
believes, however, that it is better to expose corrup
tion and eliminate it from the governmental system
than to leave it to work secret harm in darkness un
til its pernicious influence is felt everywhere to the
injury of all departments of administration. On this
principle The Call has gone about its work, and now
has the satisfaction of seeing that much of the cor
ruption it has exposed is in a fair way to be made ;>
moral to good citizens and a warning to evil ones.
In fact the decks are being cleared. The bad odor o*
the present scandals will soon blow over and Cali
fornia will be cleaner politically than it has been for
many a year.
THE MAID AND THE MATRON.
M ISS A MALIE HOFER in lecturing on child
I life possibly says some instructive things, and
yet one would sooner trust the judgment of
one who has acquired the title of Mrs. and the dig
nity of motherhood. No young maid nor old one
has any right to assume the role of guide to the
matron. Let her first acquire experience. When a
woman has labored with colicky youngsters, spanked
naughty ones, assuaged the pangs of infancy, lis
tened to hs troubles, dried its tears, mended its
clothes, heard it lisp its prayers, watched tearfully
as the dews of death have kissed it and moaned by
the empty cradle and fhe flower-laden grave; or
when she has seen her boys and girls grow to man
hood and womanhood loving her, and renewed her
own youth in the prattle of their children, then she
knows of child life, whether or no she is fitted to make
speeches about it. She is not looking for advice
from the worthy theorist who would not understand
where to look for a trespassing pin. Motherly in
stinct may need> training, but it needs it from a
mother.
THE WATER RATES.
CLEARING THE DECKS.
INDIVIDUAL THOUGHTS.
BY A MODEST CRITIC.
Some six or eight weeks ago there
appeared in this column an announce
ment of what had probably occurred in
the Orient. The opinion, in short, was
that Germany had insisted on rights
equal to those of other nations in China
that seek expansion of commerce and
the convenience of the navy in time of
peace. The concept was quite accurate
and it is now apparent that the Chinese
imbroglio had an existence only in the
imaginings of correspondents. There
has been clearly no objection on the
part of either of the great powers to
the granting of Germany's request.
This Baron yon Buelow's statement to
the Reichstag and Lord Salisbury's ut
terances in the House of Lords bear out
to a degree. Amongst other things
Baron yon Buelow said "Despite con
trary views of English newspapers it is
well known in authoritative quarters in
London that in the interests of peace
and culture we desire to cultivate re
lations of harmonious co-operation with
Great Britain. Our modest demands
have neither menaced the integrity of
China nor called for justifiable objec
tion on her part."
This is a dignified and a statesman
like utterance, it almost reminds one of
Webster, and if Senator Morgan and
the allied jingoes will thoughtfully di
gest it we might earn more of the re
spect of other nations for sincerity
than we at present enjoy. The en
deavor to cultivate at every oppor
tunity a national craving for war on
the slightest pretext, the development
of our commerce being neglected, sa
vors not of statesmanship, but of folly.
Let us promote industry; let others do
the squabbling. No nation assails us;
"let us have peace."
So much has been written in these
columns on the Hawaiian question from
a naval standpoint that there is a pos
sibility of wearying, but as the annexa
tion or non-annexation of the islands
is such a vital matter, and as the ac-
| curacy of statements made here has
been questioned, the evident duty is to
! point out error and repeat the truth.
It appears from a Washington dispatch
that a letter from Captain Mahan, in
' reply to the catechizing of him by Sen
, ator Kyle, was read in executive ses
\ sion of the Senate by Senator Teller.
Captain Mahan has been made to say
: much of the defensive value of Hawaii
j in case of war, and as one of the quer
; ies put to him refers to a weakness
I that, as a writer on this subject, I be
j lieve I first drew attention to, it is im
1 possible to pass this eminent strate
: gist's replies unanswered. In discuss
ing this point it is necessary to assume
j the frame of mind of a famous jurist,
who, when interrupting an able plead
i er who was reading opinion after opin
ion from other judges which were fa-
I vorable to his client's case, said: "I
do not desire to interfere with your
manner of presenting this cause, but I
must tell you that 1 care nothing for
: these opinions unless you can show me
! that they are based on reason. An un
reasonable precedent I shall decline to
i consider, no matter how illustrious its
; author." Captain Mahan has a famous
, name, but I cannot accept even his
[ statements when they are clearly in
i error. It has already been pointed out
! that this gentleman reasons backward
• when he says that the Hawaiian Is-
I lands are strategically of value to us,
and his letter to Senator Kyle shows
! how accurate I was when I said so.
!He says: "Hawaii is now exposed to
• pass under foreign domination, notably
Japan, by the peaceful process of over
j running and assimilation." It Is not.
j Hawaii will pass under the control of
j no other nation if we object. To the
most powerful nation of the earth, ex
j cepting this (and possibly Germany)
| we said only a couple of years ago,
; "Hands off," and that 'immense power
that could crush Japan as easily as she
could little Portugal, instantly respect
|ed our wishes. We can insist as eas-
i ly on Hawaiian independence as does
I Europe on Switzerland's. If Captain
; Mahan will be good enough to explain
1 how it is "inevitable" that a foreign
j power will annex this group against our
i will it would prove an Interesting story.
One thing that would have to be ac
knowledged to commence with is that
j there is a nation that will be permit
! ted to dictate to us. Will this gentle
j man avow that? I think not. Our
i navy is not as powerful as it should
I be by any means, but no arrogance is
j displayed when it is stated that we are
the most powerful of nations on land,
our defective shrapnel included.
In answer to the second Question put
him, Captain Mahan says that a great
er navy would not be needed for the
defense of the Pacific Coast than would
be required with the islands unan
nexed. That is distinctly illogical. "If,"
he says, "we have the islands, and in
the Pacific a fleet of proper force, the
presence of the latter or an adequate
detachment from it at the Hawaiian
Islands will materially weaken if not
wholly cripple any attempted invasion
of the Pacific Coast (except from
British Columbia) and will proportion
ately strengthen us." A fleet at the
Hawaiian Islands cripple an attempt
at the invasion of this coast! How
could it? The day has long passed
when one could reasonably expect to
find an enemy in a certain degree of
latitude or longitude: the frigate with
her dependence for propulsion on wind
has disappeared. Coaled and pro
visioned at a safe distance from our
coolie land, a hostile fleet could easily
elude the most vigilant observation and
attack this coast. At best a flrst-class
modern cruiser can patrol no more than
a hundred and fifty miles of sea space;
it is much doubted If she can efficiently
look after a hundred, and isolation of
ships in midocean cannot be thought
of with sanity. 'On the coast it is a
totally different matter. It would be
quite safe to spread a fleet out if within
sight of land. There are no difficulties
about conveying intelligence with
rapidity and certainty to ships in the
offing of the vicinity that they are built
to protect. Heliographs, semaphores
and even the telegraph and the tele
phone would aid in massing the fleet
where it was most wanted with
promptitude, but the position we
should be in with half our Pacific
Coast fleet at Hawaii and the foe in
full force off Monterey 1b one of the
things we may have to face if Captain
Mahan's strategy is to be implicitly
followed. From these islands to the
coast line latitudinally is roughly 3000
miles. How many squadrons of five
fighting ships each would it take to
guard that entrance to this coast?
Really, this distinguished man seems
to have mistaken the Pacific Ocean for
the Straits of Gibraltar.
The end of the remarkable letter Is
this: "Coal can be transported in col
liers, but as yet it cannot be tran
shipped at sea with either rapidity or
certainty." I beg respectfully to say
that is inaccurate. If Captain Mahan
indited this opinion he surely must
have had a lapse of memory at the
moment. True, we have made practi
cally no experiments in sea-coaling, but
other nations have with very satis
factory results, although as stated be
fore the system is not yet perfect. The
battleships Magnificent and Majestic
quite recently, under anything but the
most favorable conditions, in a five
hour trial, coaled at the rate of about
150 tons an hour. This would mean 2000
tons in an ordinary working day, which
is very satisfactory progress. And as
sea-coaling is more easily done when
the vessels are under slight headway
the loss of time is not so very great.
Against sea-coaling I am aware that
it is urged it cannot be done in heavy j
weather. True, but neither can a bat- j
tleship fire her big guns in heavy
weather with anything like accuracy.
Indeed the admiral who would risk an
engagement, even if he had the superior j
fighting force, when a big sea was run- j
ning would be tempting Providence, .
and it is not at all unlikely that he |
would be punished by the fickle goddess j
for his temerity.
A cable dispatch tells us that within
a month an Austrian cruiser left her
sister ship in the Red Sea "going to
Aden to send a collier to her assist- j
ance." I am told by a master mariner
in whom I have implicit confidence that
he has seen three hundred tons of coal
transferred from one ocean-going j
steamer to another in that very sea,
and he says it was done in short order
and with no difficulty whatever. The
man who willingly blinds his eyes to I
the fact that sea-coaling is certain to
be completely successful in the course j
of two or three years has not my sym
pathy, no matter how famous his name.
If is often asked why it is that Japan
looks on with such complacency at our
frantic efforts to annex these islands.
The little brown man is something of a
strategist himself, as the Chinese have
lived to find out, and doubtless he sees
what a "constant source of weakness"
Hawaii will be to the power that makes
it an integral part of its territory.
After the foregoing had been written
my attention was called to an editorial
in yesterday's Examiner which purports
to give the queries put to Captain Ma
han by Senator Kyle and his replies.
This furnishes another striking in
stance of the rascality of that paper.
It garbles each statement in an as
tounding manner, omitting everything
whereby it could be shown that Cap
tain Mahan's opinions were not unas
sailable, and excludes altogether the
most important answer, wherein, as is
shown above, the distinguished strate
gist was lamentably in error.
After an absence that has been re
gretted by those seeking divertisement
the Examiner's logician Is back doing
business with accustomed sedulity. He
now descries a gift by the people of
this city of the capital stock of a street
railroad to the shareholders of that
corporation because a franchise to run
its cars through the streets has been
granted. The track, the rolling stock
and the labor which it took to build
the road — and even the cost of main
tenance — I suppose, all went with the
franchise. If the logician will inter
view some reputable financier, like Mr.
Hellmann, for instance, he may learn
how to distinguish a right of way from
an equipment. The franchises men
tioned were granted because the peo
ple of the city generally wished in
creased transportation facilities and if
the abolishment of rapid transit were
to be seriously entertained for a mo
ment the public (of which the Exam
iner is so fond and eternally tries to
humbug) would willingly pay $20,000,000
to have the status quo maintained. The
logician must produce some sounder
argument than this when attempting
to excoriate a street railroad company,
that is if he seriously hopes to get for
his paper another "advertising cofT
tract" which includes the phraseology
"and all in accordance with an agree
ment entered into between, etc."
In an account of the Golden Jubilee i
celebration which has appeared in Har- i
per's Weekly the question of Marshall's
right to be known as the discoverer of |
gold in California has been given much j
attention. Marshall is probably due the
credit, but that Hubert Howe Bancroft j
has pronounced him so (as Harper's j
points out) is about the greatest doubt
that could be placed on Marshall's
claim to the distinction. This man of
many books has had his character so j
clearly exposed by the different jour- j
nals of the State, and the local field I
of deceit having become about exhaust- |
ed in consequence, that he has shaken !
the dust of the city from off his feet i
and sped to solitude At any rate, we
hear of him no more. It may interest
Harper's to learn that this particular
Bancroft never was a historian. His
tory is truth, not fiction, and Hubert
Howe Bancroft's unquenchable desire
not to have the truth told if his pocket
would suffer thereby is known here, If \
not in New York. Some of the matter
that appeared under his name was ac
curate, but the fiction is so much in j
evidence that the whole work lias been
rendered valueless. Much of the hon
est writing in these volumes was done !
by Mrs. Frances Fuller Victor, a gen- !
tlewoman who declined to lie for pro- j
fit. Were she to be asked, it is certain j
that she would admit that what she j
conscientiously wrote about Indian I
wars in Oregon, Bancroft "switched !
into" what he calls California history. [
It was pleasing to notice some years '
ago in the woman's booth at some fair '
in the Mechanics' Pavilion that Mrs. I
Victor had the courage to show half a j
dozen or so volumes of the so-callod !
"Bancroft's Works," labeled "By F. F. j
Victor." Mrs. Victor is honest by na- I
true; Bancroft by nature is a . I
(Thi3 is not a missing word contest). ;
The man cannot even write English. [
He was heard to vow once that he had !
written the life of Henry Failing, the j
Portland, Or., banker. Probably he did i
essay the task, and assuming that he
did it is a fair sample of what he can !
do in the way of English, to say noth- ;
ing of history. In the first page cf !
what is said about Mr. Failing occurs !
a rambling collection of words between ;
two periods which this "historian" '
vowed was a sentence. It was pointed i
out to him that there was no predicate I
in his "sentence," whereat he testified ;
that he "saw nothing wrong with it." i
The mental passing of Adolph Sutro
Is a matter for keen regret. Reference
has been made to it with the respect
it deserves by all the local papers ex
cept the Post. Its veiled sneer at the :
unutterably sad condition of the mari i
whose energy has helped the poor of
, Sao Francisco in many ways, fits the j
general character of its utterances.
Nothing seems too despicable for the
organ of the railroad monopoly if either
of its masters' vicious tastes will be
| likely to be pleased thereky. In its
! base conduct it is without shame; it
I actually revels in its debasement.
! Sutra's memory is insulted because he
I compelled the Market Street Railroad
j Company to carry people to the ocean
beach for a nickel, because be fought
the odious funding bill tooth and nail,
and because he was of independent
character; he owned himself. A wise
Providence denies to the grov-ler the
privilege of understanding the nature
at a man who despisep a sycophant,
and, though there may be an editorial
smirk over this miserable attempt to
rail at a terrible misfortune, it is dis
dained by the decent of the world.
The Post's reputation has ever been
fishy, but since thechamelionicMcEwen
said in unmistakable English that De
Young had paid the Post $2000 to have
the management of the Midwinter Fair
"let alone" it has fallen still lower in
public esteem. And the charge has
never been distinctly denied, to say
nothing of making an effort to disprove
it.
Worden, the train-wrecker, has "con
fessed" his connection with the brutal
quintuple murder near Davisville three
years and a half ago. A casual read
ing of his statement shows that he ac
knowledges being an accessory aftef
the fact, and on that alone, of course,
hanging is his due, though I hanker not
for his blood. The possibilities are that
he was the drunken tool of others, but
as he has been respited till Jrfne there
is ample time for the bringing of his
accomplices to justice if they can be
found. If there is a particle of truth in
his story more than one other man
should pay the penalty to which he is
sentenced. In truth, those who could
incite a weak creature to commit a
crime of this fiendlike type are as unfit
to live as is he.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
PRUNES— R. P., Princeton, Idaho. The
finest prunes are called prunells. In the
trade the finest table prunes are the
French and the choicest variety is called
"Catherinea."
THE CLAUS SPRECKELS BUILD
ING—H. S., City. The Claus Spreckels
building contains on thirteen floors 200
rooms used as offices. The other four
floors are used for restaurant, clubrooms,
etc.
HOMES FOR OLD PEOPLE— A. E.
and others. City. There is a home for
aged people at the corner of the Mission
road and Silver avenue in San Francisco,
called the Pacific Hebrew Home for the
Aged.
AN OLD ENGLISH READER—Ques
tioner, Oakland. If you will address a
dealer in second-hand books he will se
cure for you one of the old Englieh read
ers that were used in the schools nfty
years ago.
A SAN DOMINGO BILL— L. E. 8..
City. A $10 bill issued by the National
Bank of San Domingo in 1869 is no doubt
good for its face value, as the bank Is
still in existence, but in San Francisco
brokers will not place any value upon it,
as they do not care to purchase such se
curities.
A NOVEL-E. C. R., Hay wards, Cal.
An author having written an acceptable
novel can have the same published at
personal expense or possibly have some
publishing house publish it on commis
sion. Such matters tire not governed by
general rules. Jn cases of well-known
authors each such has his or her pub
lisher. Unknown authors are obliged to
make the best arrangements they can
with publishing houses.
i STEAMERS — W. L,., ' San Jose. It Is im
| possible to answer the . question asked as
j to ihe time that is lost by steamers be
tween this port and Australia and be-
I tween here and Hongkong by reason of
I being obliged to slow down to prevent
I the propeller' shaft from getting hot at
i the bearings. With proper care a shaft
I does not get hot at the bearings to the
j extent that there must be : a slowing
I down. Some vessels might slow down
i several times on one trip and on another
! not slow down at all. The Belglc con
- sumes about 120 tons of coal a day and
i the Alameda about ninety tons. The Ore
gon and the San Francisco consume more
! or less coal . according to the speed re
i quired. When not making special time
j each vessel consumes about 120 tons of
, coal daily. The price that is paid by
steamship companies for coal is a matter
that is part of the private affairs of the
companies. ' '
Genuine eyeglasses, specs. 15c up.33 4th.»
. . . ' »♦ « . ; --.. -■'
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
■♦ ■ ; ; : .
. Special information supplied daily to
■ business houses and public men by the
j Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
i gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
.v,- ■' • — :^ — . — •♦ . ' — " ;
The first sign that a. girl is In love with
; a man is when she begins to keep away
| from the window when she thinks he may
! be going to call.
Time Reduced to Chicago.
Via Rio Grande Western, Denver and Rio
Grande and Burlington railways. Passengers
i leaving San Francisco on 6 p. m. train reach
| Chicago 2:15 p. iri. the fourth day, and Nfew
I York 6:30 p. m. following day. Through Pull
i man Palace Double Drawing Room Sleeping
I Cars to Denver with Union Depot change at
! 9:30 a. m. to similar cars of the Burlington
i Rpute for Chicago. Railroad and sleeping car
tickets sold through and full lnformution given
at 14 Montgomery at. W. H. Snedaker. General
Agent.
" Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup "
I Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
I the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and Is the beet remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. Fo>- pftta tar Druggists In every
j part of the world. Be sure and ask for airs.
j Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
CO ROXADO.— Atmosphere is perfectly dry.
soft and mild, being entirely free from the
mists common further north. Round trip
tickets, by steamship. Including fifteen days'
board at the Hotel dH Coronado, $65; longer
ptay, $2 N per day. Apply 4 Xe.w Montgomery
street. San Francisco, or A. \V. Bailey, man
ager. Hotel del Coronado, late of Hotel Colo
rado, Glenwood Springs, Colorado.
A picture of a girl's room generally has
a divan in the center with a lot of cush
ions and a banjo on it, right where any
one would smash it if he ever sat down.—
New York Press.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Baking
Powder
is the greatest of
modern-time helps
to perfect cookingCUT DOWN THE TWO-MILE MARK.
Judge Denny, Whose Great Run Saturday Made a New Record, and
Charlie Thorpe, His Rider.
The grand performance of the black horse Judge Denny at Emeryville track on Saturday last, when he reduced
the world's two-mile record, Is still the principal topic of conversation among horsemen. Many are inclined to argue that
the mark set, 3:2^. will stand for some time to come, while others opine that when the son of Fonso and Belle of
Nantura meet to-morrow he will have to step still faster to down Barney Schreiber's three-year-old. Judge Denny was
first brought to this coast and raced by the firm of MrXaughton & Muir, and while occasionally putting In a good
race did nothing to throw out the Impression that he was a world beater. However, like most of the get of Fonso, the
black colt shows improving form with age, and with light weight up has a chance to beat "most anybody's horse." He
has been fitted for all of his races by Sam Hildreth, considered by many the peer of any trainer in the country. It is
generally supposed that the Judge is the property of William Pinkerton of the great detective agency, though this may
be only hearsay. Hildreth neither denies nor confirms the rumor.
From whatever standpoint the performance is looked at it was a great one, and too much credit cannot be given his
rider, Charity Thorpe, the "grand old man of the saddle." When the stretch was reached the last time, with Marplot
simply galloping, the backers of the black horse experienced a feeling of gloom they were unable to dispel. Thorpe then
began one of his famous rides, and, responding gamely to his rider's urging, the Judge, foot by foot, overhauled the
three-year-old and snatched victory when defeat 6eemed inevitable. Many riders would have given up the task, but a
characteristic of Thorpe seems to be that he never acknowledges defeat until th c wire has been passed.
GALA DAY FOR
THE SYRIANS
The Pearl of the Tribe
Married With Great
Eclat.
Beauty of the Bride the Subject
of an Interesting
Story.
.Family Feuds Now Healed, but Fear
" Stalks Abroad Among the
Belligerents.
With all the ceremony of the Roman
Catholic marriage and its adaptation
hy the Syrian followers of the faith.
Miss Haind Rahy, pearl of the Syrian
colony of this city, and Rachid Rahy
were united in matrimony yesterday
afternoon by Father Quinn at St. Pat
rick's church.
It was a day of importance to local
Syrians and to d^ justice to the oc
casion, preparations for the nuptial
ceremonies began with the rising of the
sun. From the four quarters of
the city the Orientals, dressed and
bedecked with unwonted care, collect
ed in ihe home of the bride's father at
f>2 Jessie street.
While the bride was in the midst of
the preparation of her toilet the ground
floor of the parental home was occu- i
pied with the male friends of her an- !
cestors. From 2 until 4 the Syrians j
poured in .ike wolves en the fold." j
Solomon Rahy, father to the jewel of
the tribe, his left eye bandaged with a
flaming red silk kerchief, performed the i
honors so \v<^!l that, when the time for I
the wedding arrived, there was not a
thirsty Syrian for miles about.
The wedding itself was picturesque, i
The bride, over whom many have quar
rated, and on account of whom many
enmities have arisen, was dressed in
truly bridal fashion. The groom was
In a sack coat never worn tore. Back '
of them were the swarthy Syrians of
both sexes, and in their hands were j
lighted tallow candles, distributed by
the ushers. It was as if there were a j
hundred reproductions of Diogenes j
vith his lantern searchh-3 for some-
thing — trut-., constancy or what not —
for back of this murriap is a story
which savors of the Orient .1 tales that
Eastern travelers tell.
The bride and gronm are second cou-
Pins, and, according to family tradi
tions, they have been betrothed for
many yearn, so many that even the
bride refuses t<> specify.
Halnd Rahy, whose life has been for
the most part passed in this city, was
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ITCHING
SKIN
DISEASES
Spktot Cubx Tbkatmkkt for torturing, disfig-
uring, itching, burning, and scaly skin and scalp
diseases with loss of balr. — Warm baths with Cu-
ticcra Soap, f?rnt!«s applications of Cctioura
(ointment), and fall doses of Cutiouba K«sol-
VB.X t, treateat of blood purifier* ana aamor cares
M r* Tt * r-" throaehoot Ai »orl(l. ' Pottkb
t)*vm txfi CBttM. Corr., Soi» Propi.. liosw-n.
** Cj' ■■ How v. Cure iMMnf Skill Dlkum," bet. ,
05D ROUGH HANDS "wijwr
I the idol of beauty, at whose shrine
: many dark-skinned Syrian cavaliers
: worshiped. At 14. Just when she was
; budding into womanhood, her charms
; -were noticed by the sons of the fathers
! of the tribe, and many a sonnet was
written to her beauty. The cavaliers
! of the tribe were enthralled.
The ni*st to fall to her piercing looks
I was Brahm Zachary. Brahm, exultant
! in his success, turned his mind toward
! the consummation of the great pas
j sion he felt, and procured a marriage
| license. Now Brahm was a convert to
! the Greek Catholic Church, arid Haind
! Rahy, flower of all the Rahyies. was
j brought up under the eye of Rome. Pa-
I rental objections, the disappearance of
! Miss Haind Rahy for two days with
j another, hurled Zachary out of the sev-
i enth heaven of glory and happiness to
i dull somber earth, and ever since he
; has been nursing an exuberant wrath.
: He even now vows vengeance upon the
\ fortunate and successful Rachfd Rahy,
! who yesterday took the hands of the
Syrian Hel^n for keeps.
The Rahyies, from the youngest son
WEDDING OF MISS HAIND RAHY, JEWEL OF THE
TRIBE, AND RACHID RAHY.
; to the proudest scion of them all are I
i not yet at peace. They fear the wily
i Zachary and his threats. On Saturday
they consulted their attorney, Felix H :
Merzbach for advice, thinking that If j
j the disappointed lover were inearcerat- '
' ed until the marriage was solemnized i
I thinps would then go well. As it hap- '.
I pened, everything went as smoothly as
I a marriage bell should, and no harm is
ncrw anticipated from the Don Furioso
: of the story. The young couple will
not tour the southern portion of the !
State on their honeymoon.
The wedding was noteworthy for an- ;
other reason. Between the Rahy gens
and the Karsha gens, rival families of
the same tribe, many feuds have been
fought out. A Rahy was the cause of
much discomfiture to a Karsha upon
the latter's return to his native soil.
The Rahy apprised the vice-gerent of
the Sultan at Jaffa that this Karsha
had villified his most exalted Highness I
in America. So when the Karsha ar
rived In Jaffa a cordon of the Sultan's
cavalry welcomed him In a fashion that ;
engendered large doses of hatred and
revenge in the Karshan breast.
Karsha was finally released and re
turned to this city. For some months
after the Syrian districts in this city
were split in twain by warring fac
tions. But the hatchet of war is now
burled, for Obdala Karsha. chief of
his section, attended the wedding of
the Rahy.
Peace will now reign supreme, but
how long Is. a matter of conjecture. The
sporting element In the Syrian colony
Is now making books an that question.
Enthusiasm of Youth.
Rev. David James of the Franklln
etreet Presbyterian Church delivered an
address to the members of the Young
THE SAX FBAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1898.
I Men's Christian Association yesterday af
ternoon on "The Enthusiasm of Youth "
; He took for his text John i:2-14, "I have
■ written to you young- men because you
' are strong." From this text Dr. James
delivered a beautiful sermon, showing
; how the strength God has given us should
; be rightly used and how necessary It is
that all our energies should be enlisted
■ in his service.
HARES WERE
INDISPOSED
Ran Like Invalids at Ingle
side Coursing Park
Yesterday.
A Large Crowd Present, but the
Sport Was Not Finished Owing
to the Fog.
The coursing at Ingleslde Park was wit
nessed by the largest crowd of the season
yesterday. Early in the morning the spec
tators b<gan to arrive and until the final
was run off people came and went. At
the noon hour the grounds in the rear of
the grand stand were turned into a pic
nic ground. Although betting was good
and the coursing fast during the day no
sensations were developed. More money
was placed in the pool boxes than on any
previous day and as many short enders
won at odds of 5 to 3 the talent was
placed at a slight disadvantage.
The imported hound Van Cloie, owned
and started by Dr. Van Hummel, proved
herself to be one of the swiftest, as she
beat the fleet-footed Susie in a bye at the
end of the second ties in the all-age stake
It was her first course on a local field and
the talent was severely jarred on the
" ...
! rather unexpected result. For the first
time in the history of the coursing park
: the hares became scarce and a lar^e
number of them proved to : bo weuk and
; unfit to go. It is thought to be the con
ditions of the -weather that caused the
Ji ares to be ' lazy, but time after time the
i hounds were held in the slips before : a
, poor rabbity /The all-a c stake had to be
declared off before the flnals, 'owing to a
heavy fog and scarcity of hares. In con
sequence o three first prizes were divided
between Susie, Diana and Connemara
On . Sunday. February 20 the non-winners
will be given a chance. The entrance will
be placed at^s2 50. with $200 added money.
The results follow:
Dr. Van Hummel' s Van Neda beat S.E. Por
tal's At I*Bt, 10-5; Kay & Tranfa Diana beat
?; c ,arney 8 Xelly Daly, 6-0; Scott & Gasson"
•Magic beat McComb & Bryan's Glenwood 7—
Henry Spring's^Pat Malloye beat J. Quane's
Fireman, 7-3; iW. Ryan's Swinnerton beat J
Byrne's Nelly B, 7-3Vs; J. Dean's i Connemara
beat Deckelman & Panarlo's: Old Glory 7-4-
E. ■; Scott s Lord Byron beat H. R. Baldwin's
Grasshopper 7-3; Lowe & Tliompson^ High
Horn Lady beat S. E. Portal's Gallagher, 5 n-t
b. E. Portal s Laurelwood beat . E. J. Henev'a
Harkaway. 6-0; M. Murphy's Tod Sloan beat J
t^7 p^f^?lii' BUtlrt:S Ste
Second ties— Diana beat Van Neda, 3—2-
Magic b at Pat Malloye. SH-2; Connemara
beat Swinnerton, 4-0; High Born Lady beat
Lord Byron, 12—6; Laurelwood beat Tod Sloan
5— 2; Susie a b.vo. ■■ -
Third ties— Diana beat /Magic, 6—2; Conne
mara > boat ; High . Born Lady, • 4—o.
; The Ftake was not finished.
In the consolation " stake J. Dean's ; Mlalmo
beat J.-McCormlck's' l>uke of. Oak Grove, 6—o
Lowe . & Thompson's Prince of Fashion beat
J. H. Perigo's Wayfarer, 11—6; D. Leonard's
Bendalongr beat O. Pinto's Hercules, 7 — J.
Byrne's Sflkwood beat M. Rogers' Sly; Boy,
8 — .' - .■• - . :-. - • -. . :
• First . Mlalmo beat Prince .of - Fashion,
6—2: Bendalong beat Stlkwood, ■ B— 2.
Final— Mialmo beat ' Bendalong,' 6-2.
■:" » ♦ » — •:.. ':.. '
The Popular Chamnainc,
Customs (statistics show that 72,775 cases of
G. H. Mumm'B Extra Dry were Imported In
1897, one-third of the entire Importation, or 42,
t)3 rases more than any other brand. •
GENIUS ON THE ALTAR OF MAMMON.
How the Apotheosis of Senator Stanford Was the
Martyrdom of Artist Thomas
Hill.
After an absence of thirteen years,
Thomas Hill, the artist, has come back
to San Francisco. The painter of the
great "Yosemite," which received the
first medal in the Centennial Exposi
tion in Philadelphia in 1876, looks old
now and feeble; older and frailer than
a man of his years ought to look. And
the main cause of his suffering is the
very thing on which he once built his
greatest hopes of fame and fortune—
the picture out at the Park Museum,
"Driving the Last Spike."
Thomas Hill has no tenderness for
this child of his brush. It is the black
sheep of his artistic family. What he
has suffered in connection with this
picture cannot be atoned for by all the
rest of his paintings combined. He
speaks of it as "that wretched picture,
that dreadful Spike picture!" He dis
likes to talk about it. The very thought
of it renews all the humiliation it has
caused him.
"I never want to see it again. Every
thing connected with it is hateful to
me. No one can realize what an agony
that picture embodies. That wretched,
wretched picture!"
Mr. Hill Is recovering from a paraly
tic stroke just now. His voice is weak,
and while he talks he sits in that effort
ful immobility that follows severe ill
ness. But not age nor sorrow nor suf
fering can quench the sense of humor
and the kindly good nature with which
the artist looks upon the world. His
trials have not embittered him, though
they have saddened his heart and shat
tered his health. He told me the story
of the celebrated picture yesterday in
temperate words such as a dignified,
honorable man uses in speaking of an
injustice done him.
"Mr. Stanford— Governor Stanford
he was then — ordered the picture.
We aareed upon a price— not to ex
ceed $25,000. When he discovered that
his associates in the railroad company
were infuriated at his egotism, at his
monopolizing the credit for work they
all had done, he repudiated the bar
gain he had made with me and refused
to pay for the picture. The "Last
Spike' cost Stanford the presidency of
the Southern Pacific. He wished to
evade the responsibility of what that
picture implied. And he sacrificed me
That is the whole story.
"Oh, you've no idea of the vanity,
the egotism of the man! He would
have walked over dead bodies to jus
tify himself. He believed there was
nothing too great for him, nothing to
which he might not aspire. He firmly
believed that some day he should be
President of the United States. Fancy
such a thing!"
Mr. Hill's blue eyes twinkled with
humor. Those eyes of his are very ex
pressive. As a rule they're mild and
soft, beneath his broad forehead, above
which the soft, abundant gray hair
waves. But they glow with anger,
lending an appearance of determina
tion to the artist's candid, simple face,
when the memory of the old wrong
stirs within him.
"It was in 1875 that Mr. Stanford
coniin;sMuried me t<> paini that pic
ture. I worked on it for years. Dozens
of men were sent to me by Stanford
to pose and I painted and repainted
put in this figure anci blotted that one
out, as he was in or out of favor with
Stanford. Every political wind, every
personal quarrel, made some altera
tion necessary— according to Stan
ford's idea— in the grouping of the
picture. Oh, I cannot tell you how
many alterations I made; how many
times, after painting a portrait from
life, I had to blot it out and paint over
it another face to gratify Governor
Stanford's vanity or enmity. The pic
ture's all Stanford. You— everybody
can see that. He wouldn't permit
any one but himself to be glorified in
it. Not only must he have the center
of the stage, but those whom he dis
liked or of whom he was jealous must
be subordinated or even taken out al
together. Oh, the weariness of being
subjected to that sort of thing!
"I had put Mr. Durant of the Union
Pacific, who drove the silver spike be
hind Stanford. When Stanford saw
that he objected immediately.
" 'Nobody must have a hammer but
me in that picture," he said. 'You've
given him too prominent a place any
way.'
" 'Well,' I asked, 'whom shall I place
there?'
" Put Strowbridge in his place ' he
said.
•'And Strowbridge did come clear up
from Arizona on a pass issued by the
office to pose for his picture.
" 'And where shall I put Mr. Durant?'
I asked then.
" 'Oh, it is not Important. He was
one of the Union Pacific people. It
doesn't matter.'
" 'I can place him where Mrs. Strow
bridge stands.'
" 'Yes.' said Stanford, 'and put Mrs.
Strowbridge by my side. She deserves
a first place, for she has been in the
lead all the way from Sacramento.'
"Mrs. Strowbridge had cooked for
them .all, had been with them through
all the hard work in the beginning, you
know. It was one of the best traits in
Stanford's nature that he should be
grateful to and remember her, *r>isn't
it?"
Perhaps It was. But with the light
that Thomas Hill throws on the dead
millionaire's character one Is more like
ly to believe that it was th» impossi
bility of any rivalry between himself
! and a woman that induced Mr. Stan
1 ford to accord Mrs. Strowbridge so
i prominent a position.
"One day Stanford wanted Towne out
of the picture. I pleaded for Mr.
Towne, and Stanford finally consented
that he should be placed in the back
ground by the side of Colonel Grey.
Then his eye caught the figure of David
j D. Colton, and he exclaimed angrily:
" 'I don't want that man in. He has
no business there. He was not con
nected with the road at the time.'
"So Colton was taken out. MacCrel
lish of the Alta California came next.
Stanford's eyes flashed when he saw
MacCrellish's figure.
" 'Why have you got that man in? 1
he asked. I told him that I understood
McCrellish was present on the occa
sion, and that if I should leave him out,
being the editor of a paper, he would
annihilate me. 'I will annihilate you
if he is in,' Stanford answered. And
then he told me of the enmity between
MacCrellish and the railroad people. Of
course MacCrellish was taken out, and
Stanford said he 'would think up some
suitable person for the position.' He
decided upon his brother, A. P. Stan
ford. So his face was painted in
where MacCrellish's had been.
"I can't tell you," Mr. Hill went on,
passing his hand wearily over his face.
"It would tire you to listen to all the
changes I made under Mr. Stanford's
direction. I only mention them that
you may understand that I had been
ordered to paint the picture, and that
one of the proofs is that I made these
changes solely at Stanford's direction."
How absurd .c is to imagine Thomas
Hill, on his own responsibility, conceiv
ing a picture that should have for its
only aid the glorification of Mr. Stan
ford; of his arranging and rearranging
the" figures in it of his subordinating
every question of art ethics, of fitness,
of history and of truth to the rich
man's love of prominence and nis am
bition to be remembered by posterity.
And yet this is the stand that Stanford
took when he realized the light in
which his fellow projectors of the rail
road viewed the "Last Spike" picture.
He declared that Hill had painted the
picture without any authority from him
and that he was not responsible for the
idea of the grouping or anything con
nected with it.
"But mine wasn't the only case in
which he treated a poor devil in this
way," said Mr. Hill philosophically.
"He had ordered Stone — do you know
who Stone was? An artist, too, poor
fellow! Well, Stone had been ordered
to make drawings for statuary, repre
senting Stanford. The Governor showed
them to me. They were really beau
tifully done — but, imagine! Here was
Stanford high up on a locomotive, and
on the cow-catcher in front, Stanford's
son. But wait— the locomotive was
represented as coming out of the
cluuds. Fancy a heavenly locomotive
and Stanford on it! The Governor saw
that he would make himself ridiculous,
after the thing was explained to him,
so he did with Stone what he did with
me; said that he had not ordered the
pictures and refused to pay for them.
Stone sued him and recovered about
one-fifth of what he should have been
paid for his time and his work."
"Did it never occur to you, Mr. Hill,
that you might take the thing into the
courts, too?"
"No. For one thing, I had no legal
proof of all I would swear is true. My
wife had destroyed— as women will, you
know — all the notes and directions we
had had from Mr. and Mrs. Stanford.
It would be only my word against his.
And he was rich — he had been very
kind to me, too — and I was poor. I
didn't realize for some time that he
meant to repudiate it all. I went down
to the office on Townsend street, where
the little clerks had been so smooth
and so suavely polite before, and, now
that Stanford's humor had changed,
their affability had gone also. I waited
five hours in that horrible office, only
to be told that Mr. Stanford had gone
home without seeing me. Four— no,
five— days I spent like that. And, at
last, when I was sick and weary with
waiting, a clerk told me in an off-hand
manner that Mr. Stanford had gone to
Europe.
"And so he had. He had gone away
to avoid me and the ridicule and ani
mosity the picture, as he wished It
painted, had stirred up against him.
"Why, you can't imagine the indig
nation these men felt at Stanford. One
of them said to me, "That is ad— pretty
picture, when men of my standing
have to be placed in the background!'
"Don't talk to me of the vanity of
women. I learned more, painting that
picture, of the littleness of men than
most people have any realization of.
Why. here's a case. You know Tritle,
ex-Governor of Arizona, was one of
the commissioners sent by the Govern
ment when the last spike was ham
mered in. Well, when Tritle came to
have his portrait painted, he had no
whiskers. You know Tritle's whisk
kers?"
I do— l did, at least, and know them
to be worthy of you and to receive the
greatest admiration upon the Corn
stock years ago.
"Well, hero was Tritle's face going
in to the picture that enould hand him
down to posterity, and no whiskers!
Unfortunately he had just shaved
Poor Tritle with no whiskers' So he
decided that I should paint the whisk
ers on after I had finished his por
ci alt e* And J did - U makes him look
like Steve Gage, but you must remem
ber those whiskers didn't pose."
Here's to the man that can still find
fun in the world after the world has
treated him so shabbily!
Hill mortgaged his place at Seminary
Park so that his family might have
means on which to live while he was
working at the big picture, payment
for which should recompense him for
the time— it couldn't for the disgust
that must have filled his artistic 'soul
at such a commission-*he had given
When the great millionaire went to
Europe for a nleasure trip the artist
was left to face his creditors.
"I gave up our place," he said sim
ply. "I was heart-broken and my
health was failing. I couldn't face
such a debt, and my country home was
sacrificed for not half its cost. I crawl
ed away from San Francisco. I was
desperately ill. The worry had pros
trated me. In my despair I went to
George Crocker, told him my story and
asked for help.
" 'Well,' he declared, 'artists are fools
Show me the man under the sun not
an artist, who would have done a thing
like that without insuring himself by
some sort of contract.'
"He was right," Thomas HJII looked
across at me frankly. "And he prob
ably knew Stanford better than I did
We are fools. Artists are Incompetent
They need a guardian."
So they do, in their dealing with mill
ionaires, if Stanford was a type of rich
men.
"Crocker was very kind to me," con
tinued Mr. Hill. "He loaned me the
money. And I afterward repaid him
every cent, with interest, too. although
he didn't want to- accept that. It must
have surprised him to find an artist not
only able to earn $1000, but anxious to
repay it," Mr. Hill smiled knowingly.
"And did you never see Mr. Stanford
again?" I asked.
"Once, yes." Thomas Hill sat up
straight in the low rocker. "When he
got back from Europe, at last he saw
me by appointment. I went into the
office. There was one of the young
Crockers sitting there. I told Mr. Stan
ford about the picture, how I had had
to hire a studio and pay $26 a month,
merely to have a place to put the
wretched thing, and all the rest of it,"
he said, with a sigh.
" 'I'm sorry,' said Stanford. 'I've oft
en thought of some disposition that
should be made of your picture; that it
should be placed somewhere, as it's his
torical. But I really don't know what
I could do about it. I never ordered
it.'
"But his eyes had dropped to the
ground," Mr. Hill said, his own eyes
flashing with anger. "He didn't dare
to look me in the face and say that.
" 'Oh, you don't mean that!' I said
to him. 'Mr. Stanford, you don't mean
that.'
" 'Yes, I do,' he answered, but still
keeping his eyes bent upon the floor
— not daring to raise them, "I never or
dered that picture.'
" 'Well, you did,' I answered. 'But
that ends it. 'I'll never" speak to you
again about the picture. Never!'
"And I left him, but think of »t. I
had had two opportunities to sell the
picture. First a millionaire — don't men
tion his name, offered me $25,000, my
price; and later a man offered me $10,
000 if I would paint out Huntington
and put in Colton. I wrote to Stan
ford — this was, of course, before his
return— telling him of the offer, and he
wrote back vaguely that I shouldn't
change the picture, to leave it as it
was. He neither gave up his claim to
it nor accepted it, till it was too late
for me to dispose of it.
"And yet one day, long before this,
he had agreed to pay me $5000 on ac
count—for the picture he never or
dered! And he had objected to my sell
ing photographs, and I had meekly
given up what might have been quite
a source of revenue, of my own pic
ture, the picture he says I painted
without any order from him I And on
the*.£3outhern Pacific's trains, on their
advertising folders, they printed, with
out my permission, and without paying
me for the privilege, copies of the
'Last Spike' picture, which Stanford
declared wasn't his property.
"Oh, well," Mr. Hill's sigh has more
of philosophy in it now than of dolor.
"That picture was fated to be un
fortunate. The Italian artist who stole
the idea of my picture — they had sent
out here from Washington for a copy
of the "Last Spike' — for the cupola at
Washington, was disappointed also.
For some reason, the design wasn't
accepted. Isn't it a sort of poetic Jus
tice that Stanford, who longed to be
immortalized in the capitol, more than
for anything else in this world, should
have failed in this, too?
"But it's all past now. And it isn't
the loss of the money that grieves me
so — though at one time, as I've told you,
that meant much to me. It's being
treated so shamefully. It's having the
public think that I painted that pic
ture of my own accord, and then tried
to make Stanford take it by lying about
an order from him.
"Oh, I know!" Mr. Hill waved a
deprecatory, thin white hand in an
swer to my exclamation. "People tell
you that it doesn't make any difference
what is said about me; that his friends
know and will justify him. But, right
at the same time, they're saying sagely,
'Where there's so much smoke there
must be some fire.'
"Mrs. Stanford knows that her hus
band ordered that picture, for she, her
self, when she saw MacCrellish's
figure in the picture, said:
'Don't put that man in! He
has made my husband suffer so!' If
Mrs. Stanford will only do me justice,
if she will put me right before the peo
ple, she may have the picture. I'm
through with it now, and I'll give it ta
her."
I went out to the park when I left
Mr. Hill to see the painting again. But
I can no longer look upon it without,
mentally, seeing a companion picture
of Thomas Hill, with his white hair and
his white beard and his invalid face, as
he sat telling its history. I hear that
gentle, quiet voice, like the chorus of a
Greek play, commenting upon, explain
ing the real motives of the lifelike fig
ures that crowd the stage; making
plain that which was obscure, justify
ing that which seemed unwise.
When you know the history that Is
painted in that great canvas out at
the Park Museum you'll look at It with
more interest. You'll try, behind each
painted face that is grouped about the
central figure, to find its predecessor,
as a geologist in laying bare one stra
tum after the other of earth's layers,
discovers the secrets of Nature's stu
dio. But of one thing you may be sure.
However great may have been the
changes to which, in the process of
making, this famous picture was sub
jected, one face, one figure has stood
like a rock, unchangeable. While all
about him eddied the shifting pictorial
fortunes that rose or fell at the pleas
ure or displeasure of the artist patron;
while Durant became Strowbrldge and
MacCrellish was bewitch' a into some
one else; while the merry 13-14-15 rail
road puzzle was being played down on
Townsend street and also on painted
canvas, the position of Stanford's fig
ure was never changed; Stanford's face
alone shone in the full effulgence of its
well-chosen prominence as steady, as
unalterable as a fixed star among a lot
of whirling meteors.
But the apothesis of Leland Stanford
in the "Last Spike" picture Is also the
artistic martyrdom of Thomas Hill.
MIRIAM MICHELSON.
Runs at Decoto.
DECOTO, Feb. 13.— Newark and the
Alameda County Coursing Club held a
twenty-four dog stake to-day. The
coursing and judging were good. True
Blue, a local dog, took the first money.
The prizes were $20, $15 and $10. The
run was as follows:
First ties— Culligan's Last Chance beat
Cowen's Either, Coram's True Blue beat
Doon's Klondike, Hansen's Dottie Dimple
bent Cockefair & Walton's Silver Plate,
Duffy's Do Me beat Belcher's May W,
Michaleck's Douglass beat Field's Santa
Bella, Hallle's Arapahoe beat Pire's Lazy
Boy.
Second ties — True Blue beat Last
Chance, Do Me beat Dottle Dimple, Doug
las beat Arapahoe.
Third ties — True Blue beat Do Me,
Douglfss beat May W in a bye.
Final ties— True Blue beat Douglass.
Landaus, wagonettes, traps and drags
of the latest designs at O'Brien & Sons',
Golden Gate avenue and Polk street. •
Lecture by Dr. Jordan.
To-morrow evening Dr. David Starr
Jordan, president of the Stanford Uni
versity, will deliver a lecture in the
auditorium of the Young Men's Christian
Association on "Kducation." The lecture
will commence promptly at a quarter past
8 o'clock, and will be free to all, both
men and women.
Hit His Head Against a Lamppost.
Moses A. Goodman, a colored man. died
yesterday from concussion of the brain,
caused by his hitting his head against a
lamp-post about a week ago while falling
in an epileptic fit. An inquest will be
held.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
London Graphic j
> states that the sale cocoa has increased in the
British Isles enormously in the last few years
1 and the time will come when it will entirely
■ supplant tea. The trouble with tea is that
; its protracted use plays hnvcc with the diges- \
tion and nerves of most people, while cocoa
ia sustaining and digestible and has no ob- I
jectionable effects. '
GHIRARDELLI'S
COCOA,
; the fresh Pacific Coast cocoa, is the favorite )
! cocoa of all and always the freshest— cups
25 cts. /:-.:".:-'': .'■"■. ■".-■ -- ;■-: ■ • . .
J With every can^oTcocoaTs^i^JP '
<by your grocer a sample cake of ( '
-*. Ghirardelli's delicious Monarch (
jchocolate. >
I ADVERTISEMENTS.
Delicate children! What
a source of anxiety they are!
The - parents wish them
hearty and strong, but they
keep thin and pale.
gf and strong, but chil-
thin and pale,
all these delicate chil-
dren Scott's Emulsion of
Cod-liver Oil with Hypo-
phosphites comes with the
best of news.
It brings rich blood,
strong bones, healthy nerves,
and sound digestion. It is
growth and prosperity to
them.
No matter how delicate
the child, it is readily taken.
50c. and $1.00, all druggists.
SCOTT & BOWNE. Chemists. New York. ■
': AMUSEMENTS. ".."'.
fillfllAWCU! GOITIOB aCSit»s«S4«juMM»
BEGINNING TO-NIGHT ■ .
The Famous Original BOSTONIANS,
t Direction Prank L. Perley.
Presenting for the first time here • ,
"THE SERENADEI"
ftßofami&ia cftuaZrt
\£RIEDUND£R 60Tri08&C°itssrfs»rMMM«»
To-night and all this week!
Harry Corson Clarke,
And His Own Excellent Comedy Company, la
. George H. Broadhurst's Farce,
"WHAT H APPENEDTO JONES."
It's a round of laughs.
Next Monday— MAßlE WAIN WRIGHT.
$a£tfer7i4&cffiLaZf%.
.IRIEOLANOCH 60TU08aC«u»su»bn«uiu»
To-night • and all this week.
Last Performances.
BLACK PATTI TROUBADOURS!
NEW FEATURES
COON SONGS COON COMEDY
JUBILEE SHOUTS OPERATIC REVIEWS
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
TWO — Tuesday and Wednesday, Feb-
ruary 15 and 16. R. E. PEART. Civil Engi-
neer, U. S. N. The greatest explorer living. '
Will graphically describe his experience In the
far North. Illustrated with 100 lantern views.
Seats now ready at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s.
TILSON and ERROL, society sketch artists;
WANRELL and MAZZI, operatic stars; MAUD
BEAL PRICE, vocalist and mimic; ADEL-
MAN and LOWE, musical specialties; AL
WILSON, German comedian; FILLIS' DOGS,:
the canine wonders; CLIVETTE, silhouette
artist; BROTHERS DAMM, eccentric acro-
bats; AMERICAN BIOGRAPH. new scenes.
Last Week of the Reigning Sensation,
THE GREAT OAUTIER.
Reserved Seats, 25c. Balcony, 10c. Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, r,Oc. ■ ' :
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
MRS. EBITESTrNK Kkex,tng, Proprietor & Manager
Every Evening. Scenic ! Revival of ■ Richard
Stahl'B Comedy Opera.
"SAID PASHA!"
A great cast, including: John J. Raffael, Ed-
win Stevens, Thomas C. Leary. Arthur Don-
aldson, Phil Branson, Arthur Boyce, Fred Kav-
anagh. Florence Wolcott, Edith Hall. Tillie
Salinger, etc.
Beautiful Scenery, Elegant Costumes, Gor-
geous Accessories. "LIFE IS ONLY SUN-
SHINE.". • • . X.7.-.. -;,'..-:-:
Next opera— Milloecker nautical success,
THE VICE-AJDMIRAL, the gem of, all German
comic operas.
Popular prices ....55e and 600
BOX OFFICE ALWAYS OPEN.
ALCAZARJTHEATER.
. TO-NTOHT, MONDAY,
Start* the Second Week of the Farcical Hit.
"CHARLEY'S AUNT!"
From Brazil,
"Where the Nuts Come From."
Prices... 15c, 25c, 35c and 50c
MATINEE SATURDAY ONLY.
MOROSCO'B GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
Walter Mcrosco ...Sole Lessee and Manager
Second Week ■of ' the Popular Sterling Actor,
HARRY MAINHALL,
In Bronson Howard's Great War Drama,
"SHENANDOAH !"
The First Production in This City at Popular
Prices.
A Strong Play With New People in the Cast.
Grand Stage and Scenic Effects.
Evening Prices, 10c, 25c, 50c. Matinees Satur-
day and Sunday.
ST. BERNARDS
ON DRESS PARADE TO-DAY
AT I——-—1 ——-—
Mining Fair
AND
KLONDIKE .:. EXPOSITION
— AT—
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
Doors open 10 a. m. to S p. m. and 7:30 to
10:30 p. m.
s There will be <0 noble dogs on exhibition all
day. No advance in admission. .
Free Souvenir Spoons to ladies, 10 a. m. to
6 p. m. to-day.
To-morrow. Boxes of Candy. •
TO-NIGHT— Valentine's Gala Carnival. .
, Humorous contests on stage. Soap-wrap- .
ping contest— 2o young ladies. : .
TUESDAY— V. ■M. C. A. Admssion, 250
(adults). Children, - 15c.
THIS IS THE LAST WEEK OF
THE MICROSCOPIC," MARVEL, - .
CHIQUITA
6he Is but One-third the ; Size ?of Mr. or Mrm,
i . General Tom Thumb. :
- — THE OIiXJTES —
■ Every Afternoon '■ and Evening, .'
Rain or Shine. - „
10c to all. Including Vaudeville; children, sc,
{RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Winter meeting, f 1897-98. Beginning MONDAY,
February 7. to February 19. Inclusive.
. ■ } OAKLAND RACETRACK. -
aACIHO MONDAY, TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY,
THITRSDAY, FRIDAY AND BATCBDAY.
FIVE ; OR ; MORE RACES EACH ; DAY. /. ;
— — RACES STAST AT 2:18 P. M.SEAEP.— —
■ ; Ferry-boats : leave San ':■ Francisco at 12 m.
and 12:30, i 1:00. 1:30, 2:00. 2:30 and 3 p. m.,
connecting with train stopping at 1 the entranca
■to ; track. :■: ■ Buy ; your ferry . tickets . : to -■■ Shell ■■'.■
Mound. i Returning— leave ■ the . Track '' at ;
4:15 and 4:43 p. m.. and Immediately after ths
l«Bt race. THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., Pres.
It. B. MILROY, Secretary. , -r
r>T VMDT : Cornw of Mnon »nd
' ULTinnA . ■ Eddy Streets. . ; ;:
The Most • Beautiful Music ; Hall in America.
BYRON ft- and • BYRON. THE JACKSONS,
COUNCH, MABEL LLOYD, *: PURITA. , HOW- '
ARD; and- a -great olio by artists. 'Admission
free. House ■ hrated. £E999tt83M8
CONCERT.
BENEFIT of A. M. E. ZION CHURCH. 805
Stockton V- st. *■:- MISS 7 FLORA '-' BATSON, . the :
great- mezzo-aoprono.randi.the. lion basso,- Mr.:
GERARD :* MILLAR; i Samuel iT. ft Barnes, ac- > .
companist. v Monday evening, ; February rU,v ; 8 ':
o'clock. General : admission 25c. > -~ ■ .'• ' <
78
TO BE TRIED BY
COURT-MARTIAL
Five Sailors of the Mohi
can Got Drunk on
Alcohol.
Four of the Naval Apprentices
Have Deserted the Train
ing Ship.
I.arpe Shipments of Opium »nd
Oranges Arrived on the Gaelic
From the Orient.
The pick of the crew of the United
States sloop of war Mohican are in
disgrace, and the apprentice boys are
not taking as kindly to discipline as
was expected. The lads have not yet
got used to confinement, and the sooner
the vessel is got away on her cruise the
better It will be for the boys. Five of
the sailors, headed by the equipment
yeoman, are in irons awaiting court
martial, and four of the boys ran away
the other day. A squad of marines is
now on their trail.
Pure alcohol got the sailors Into
trouble. After shore leave they re
turned to the ship with a raging thirst
which water could not quench. The
alcohol for mixing the paint and gen
eral use on shipboard was handy, and
the equipment yeoman had the key to
the locker. The drum in which it was
kept was soon produced and two or
three long swigs made the sailors feel
at peace with all the world. Two or
three more made them fighting drunk.
As a general rule they are the best
behaved men in the crew, but the pure
alcohol was too much for them and
they raised such a disturbance that
they finally had to be put in strait
jackets. When they sobered up they
were clapped into irons and are now In
the brig cooling their heels, awaiting a
court-martial that will end In loss of
pay and imprisonment.
Since their advent on the old war
ship the apprentice boys have been
making things lively. Hammocks have
been cut down when the persons oc
cupying them were in a sound slumber;
some of the crew were treated to a
cold bath when they least expected it,
—nd pillow fights were of frequent oc
currence. The officers winked at many
a breach of discipline among the boys,
but when things began to go too far
something had to be done. In conse
quence some of the ringleaders were
punished and desertions followed.
Many of the lads who are Joining as
apprentices think their cruise on the
Mohican will be a pleasure trip to the
southern seas, and that they will have
nothing to do but enjoy themselves.
When they begin to find out their mis
take some of them begin to kick over
the traces, but the big majority are
settling down to their work and will be
a credit to San Francisco. The officers
of the Mohican have been chosen for
their ability in handling boys, and it
will not be their fault if every ap
prentice who sails away in the sloop of I
war does not return well versed in \
seamanship.
Much has been written about the ad- I
vance in coal, and many people blame I
the dealers for the raise. It is due, |
however, mainly*to the fact that nearly j
all the coal carriers have been divert- j
ed to- the Klondike trade. The Wachu- j
sett and Invincible are making their i
last trips to the Sound, after which !
they will carry coal to Dutch Harbor. !
Nearly all the other colliers will follow
suit in a month or so, and that will
leave this market in a great degree de- j
pendent on the Australian supply. |
When the last steamer left Sydney, X.
S. W., there were three vessels loading I
at Newcastle, N. S. W., and ten on the j
way. The coal cargoes of the latter I
will aggregate about 27,000 tons. There
are about forty vessels chartered to
load at the same port, and they will
bring about 100,000 tons, but many of !
the vessels will not get here until the
latter part of this year.
Coal freights from Australia are firm
at 15s. 6d., while last year at this time
Ts. 6d. was the ruling rate. It will thus
be seen that what with the advance in
freight and the scarcity of bottoms
there is not much chance for cheap coal
this year.
The work of getting the Australia
ready for the Klondike was being
rushed yesterday. The stores that are
useful only on a tropical run were put
on the wharf ready for transshipping to
the Zealandia. Captain Charles Good
all, Captain Bennett, superintendent of
the Pacific Coast Steamship Company,
and T. Turner, purchasing agent for
the same line, went all over the ocean
liner yesterday and noted everything
which will be required to make her the
finest vessel on the Dyea-Skaguay
route.
The Zealandia will leave on the Aus
tralia's time for Honolulu next Thurs
day and the Australia will get away
for Puget Sound the latter part of this
week. All of her crew with the excep
tion of Purser McCombe and Dr. Soule
will remain by the vessel. The Zea
landia will take a new crew.
The steam schooner Hermosa is the
latest addition to the Klondike fleet.
She used to run between the Santa
Catalina Islands and the mainland, but
her owners thought there was more
money in the Dyea-Skaguay trade so
they have brought her to San Fran
cisco to fit out. She will have some
alterations made to her cabins and
when all the repairs are completed she
will have accommodations for over a
hundred passenger?.
The steam schooner Alice Blanchard,
en route from Port Los Angeles for
Dyea and Skaguay, put in here last
night to take on a number of passen
gers. She brought up ninety people, of
whom four are women.
The Occidental and Oriental Com
pany's steamer Gaelic arrived from
Hongkong via Yokohama and Honolulu
yesterday. She would have arrived in
port last Saturday had it not been for
the fog, which detained her outside
thirty hours. The Gaelic brought out
thirty-one cabin passengers and thirty
one Chinese and five Japanese. Among
her cargo Is 452 cases of opium, valued
at 5257.000, the duty on which will be
$110,880. This is the largest consign
ment of the drug which has come to
this port for some time. There was also
among the cargo 1324 boxes of oranges,
all of which will have to be fumigated
hr-fore they will be allowed to go into
circulation.
The schooner Sparrow arrived in port
yesterday morning, eleven days from
Eureka, under a jury rudder. When
off Cape Mendoclno the vessel was
caught in a gale and the rudder head
carried away. A piece of spare timber
was brought into use and the makeshift
•was made with which the schooner was
steered into port.
Body Found in the Water.
Th^ decomposed body of a man was
fmir.'l floating in the water at Clay-street
wharf yesterday forenoon. It was past
recognition, and now lies at the Morgue
awaiting identification.
To Cure a Cold In One Day
Take Laxative ' Bromo Quinine ~ Tablets. All
druggists refund the money if llt fall* to cure.
&*, Jtj? ytouiqe ha? h. B. Q, Qfl »acb tablet
JAMES' RESIGNATION IS NO SURPRISE.
General John H. Dickinson, the New Major-General.
There was a great deal of talk in National Guard circles yesterday over the
resignation of Major-General Nathaniel T. James, though it was not an unex
pected event. It has long been well known that General James was so absorbed
in his insurance business that he no longer desired to hold the position, and it
was at his request that he was succeeded by General Dickinson.
Major-General Nathaniel T. James, division commander, announced the
fact of the change to the members of his staff late on Friday night. He sup
plemented the announcement with the statement that he had tendered his resig
nation to the commander in chief with the understanding that he should name
his successor, and that he had named Brigadier-General John H. Dickinson (re
tired). He also stated that the nomination was apxeeable to the commander in
chief, who stated that he would, without delay, sigpo the commission of the new
division commander. The change of commanders of the National Guard of this State
will nowise disturb the staff selected by General James, as General Dickin
son expressed a desire that the members should remain with him. These are
Colonel Thomas M. Cluff, assistant adjutant peneral: Colonel John Gallwey, di
vision surgeon; Lieutenant-Colonel D. E. Miles, sipnal officer: Lieutenant-Colo
nel William Edwards, ordnance officer; Lieutenant-Colonel Louis Barrere, in
spector of rifle practice: Lieutenant-Colonel J. A. Watt. Judge advocate; Lieu
tenant-Colonel A. B. C. Dohrmann. inspector; Lieutenant-Colonel Charles E.
Murphy, engineer officer; Lieutenant-Colonel Charles T. Stanley, quartermaster;
Lieutenant-Colonel Adolph Huber. commissary; Lieutenant-Colonel H. F. Em
eric, paymaster: Major J. Fitzgerald and Major L. S. Schmitt. aids.
Major-General James assigned as a reason for his action that his business
engagements did not allow him the time to devote to the Guard that he would
like to In order to carry out his ideas for Its advancement. The general had his
own ideas of what ought to be done to bring the citizen soldiery to the stand
ard of the best of any State in the Union, but for some reason he did not meet
with the hearty co-operation that he expected, and a number of reforms that
he contemplated were not carried out. This gave rise to murniurings in the
Guard and the general was criticized in no unmeasured terms. It is an admit
ted fact that during the past six months his official position has been anything
but a pleasant one.
Major-General James received his commission as major-general July 21. 1596.
Previous to that he was lieutenant-colonel on the staff of Governor Budd. He
was United States Naval Officer from IS6S until 1.R74.
The new major-general has for a long time been interested in the affairs of
the National Guard, and was. while in active service, a very popular officer. He
enlisted as a private in Company B of the First Infantry April 1, 1577, was elected
captain of the company on the sth of the same month, was re-elected in 1579, and
on the 28th of June, 1880. he was elected colonel of the First Infantry; he was re
elected in 1884 and again in 1888. On the 16th of February, IS9I, he was appointed
brigadier-general of the Second Brigade, which position he held until the reor
ganization of the Guard, when he went on the retired list. During the last held
session of the Legislature he was chairman of the Senate Committee on Military
Affairs.
CELTS GATHER
AT THE CHUTES
Mayor Phelan Delivered
a Brief Address to
the Gathering.
Benefit to Raise Money to Build
a Hall for Irish
Societies.
Crowds Visit th« Big Recreation
Grounds and Spend an En
joyable Day.
All day yesterday the Celts enjoyed
the day at the Chutes. During Satur
day and Sunday the big recreation
ground out on Haight street was
crowded with the members of the vari
ous Irish societies of the city and their
friends. The entertainment was in the
nature of a benefit for the Celtic Union,
as that organization wishes to branch
out and establish itself on a footing
second to no society in San Francisco.
At 2 o'clock in the afternoon Mayor
Phelan addressed the gathering in the
big pavilion. He explained the object
of the Celtic Union benefit, to gather
funds with which to erect a building in
this city that under its roof all the
Irish societies may have a permanent
home. The address was not a long one,
and at its conclusion the gathering ap
plauded the speaker. '
Miss Pearl Hickman and Joseph P.
Keller were the next on the pro
gramme. They did some Irish step
dancing that was unique in its way and
called forth much favorable comment.
Chlquita, the living doll, also enter
tained the gathering for some time.
Various other amusements attracted
the crowd, which remained within the
grounds until late in the evening.
MARRIED AS AN
ADVERTISEMENT
Henry Miller and Miss Fanny
Turner United but Soon
Separated.
Had No Intention of Going North, but
Played Their Parts for a Con
sideration.
An acquaintance of three weeks, an of
fer of a certain sum of money to perform
an agreement to marry, the performance
of the agreement, a separation within
two hours after the ceremony, receipting
for the money and an acceptance of a
few presents, among them a wedding
cake and a Klondike outfit, marked the
marriage of Henry Miller, better known
as William Raymond, a variety perform
er, and Fanny Turner, who is reported to
j?* qA Preagot with herjslster in San Josp^
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1898.
Rev. Dr. Ford performed what was
pleased to be termed a Klondike marriage
Tuesday evening in Mechanics' Pavilion,
and the above parties were united, but
for money alone, according to the state
ment of Miller himself.
It had been advertised that the couple
were to be married prior to their depar
ture to the Alaskan golu fields, but now
the wedding cake and the outfit are for
sale to the one who will give the price
askt>d, and the parties who had never in
tended to go north on a wedding tour are
separated and apparently happy.
From statements made it is learned
that tht- couple received $75 for the per
formance before thousands of interested
spectators. Miller took $50 and his wife
g-ot the remainder. It is said that Archie
Levi. who has known and employed Mil
ler for some time, also had a share of the
sum total, $150, which had been offered
by the enterprising people who thought
of the drawing card.
After the ceremony the couple visited
the sights in the Pavilion, and then, ac
cording to dame rumor, separated. At
any rate the groom was seen last even
ing in a local coffee saloon enjoying him
self with a cup of coffee and common or
dinary doughnuts, rather a frugal repast
after such an interesting and profitable
performance according to contract.
It had been reported that the couple had
courted for the past few months, and had
thoroughly made up their minds to enter
into the bonds of matrimony. This is
denied, however, by Miller, who states
he met the young lady but three weeks
ago in a lodging-house where he had been
staying, and that the money was offered
him to marry the young lady merely as
a drawing card for the Mining Fair. The
friends or Miller are having considerable
amusement at his expense, and it is
thought he would be glad to go north to
escape their jests.
THE HIGH CHIEF RANGER
The Head of the Independent Order
of Foresters to Be Received To-
Morrow Night.
George A. McElfresh of Los Angeles,
high chief ranger of the Independent Or
der of Foresters, will be in the city to
morrow night, when he will be tendered
a reception by the officers and members
of Court Yerba Buena No. 913, in Fra
ternal Hall, in the Shiels building. A
great number of invitations have been
issued and it is expected that there will
be many to welcome the grand officer.
During the evening there will be a
smoker, and a programme of music and
song.
The grand officer will remain in this
city about a week, and during that time
he will visit all the local courts, and at
each he will be tendered a reception.
Californians at Home.
To-morrow night California Parlor of
the Native Sons of the Golden West will
give an invitation party In the banquet
hall of the Native Sons' building. It
will be an at home for the lady friends
of the members, and after a programme
of song and music there will be dancing
The affair will be under the management
of J. <_.. Connor, Adolph Davis, W. D
Hobro Jr., E. A. Jaujau and Henry F
Pernau, the committee of arrangements'
El Dorado's Anniversary.
El Dorado Parlor No. 52 of the Native
Sons of the Golden West will give a
thirteenth anniversary ball in Native
Sons' Hall to-morrow night. As all
events given by this parlor, it will be a
stylish affair.
INSANE CONSUMPTIVES
The State Board of Health Has De
cided to Put Them Under Special
Treatment.
The State Board of Health met Saturday
evening in the Grand Hotel, Drs. Ruggles
Morse, Crowley and Matthews being
present.
A communication from the State Board
of Lunacy was road, requesting the Board
of Health to ascertain the number of in
sane patients in the different asylums suf
fering from consumption, so that they
may be separated from those not sim
ilarly afflicted and put under a special
treatment. A committee, consisting of
Drs. Crowley and Morse, was appointed
which will begin Its lapor 8 tQ-flay tog
NATIONAL
GUARD NOTES
Whatlt Is Hoped the New-
Division Commander
Will Do.
New Service Uniforms Will
Soon Be Ready for
Distribution.
A United States Army Officer's Views
of the National Guard
Organization.
The resignation of Major General
James as division commander of the Na
tional Guard, while it came in the na
ture of a surprise in view of the asser
tion oft made that "the major general
might die, but would never surrender"
it was not wholly unexpected. It was
the talk in the guard for some time past
that it was not likely that the strained
relations between the commander-in
chief and the division commander could
last until the end of the term of Gover
nor Budd. Whatever may have brought
about such a condition of coolness be
tween the two officials is known to them
selves and neither will tell. Now that
the change has taken place the hope is
expressed that the new major general
will Inaugurate such measures as will
be conducive to creating an interest in
the guard and make it more than a mere
parade organization.
The Pettibone Company that has the
contract for furnishing service uniforms
to the National Guardsmen of this State
has notified its agents in this city that
nearly all the orders received have* been
filled, and that within a short time the
company will be ready to sort the sizes
and ship the goods. This would have
been done sooner had it not been for
the delay occasioned by some of the
companies in not complying with the
orders to send on the number of each
size required. One company did not
comply with that request until last Wed
nesday. The company having the con
tract announces that the cloth that has
been used in the make up of the uni
forms is exactly the same that is used
for the United States army, and that
before the goods are delivered to the com
panies they will be submitted to such
tests as the Uniform Board shall deter
mine upon to show that they are up to
the specifications.
As already announced in this depart
ment, the o"fficers of the Fifth Infantry
drew attention to the very unsatisfactory
condition of the target practice at this
time and suggested that a meeting < f
inspectors of rirte practice be called to
devise some method of making changes
that will meet the requirements of the
law and at the same time not be a hard
ship on the men. The Board of Officers
of the First Infantry was to have taken
some action in this matter at its meet
ing last Thursday night, but the. sub
ject was overlooked. In the meantime
Lieutenant E. S. Heller, inspector of rifle
practice for the Fifth Infantry, commun
icated with Colonel Park Henshaw, in
spector general of rifle practice, inclos
ing a statement of the action «;f the of
ficers of the Fifth. His response was
that he favored the suggestion, and there
is a possibility that such a meeting will
be called at some time in the future.
The law as it now stands declares that
the members of the National Guard must
do certain things at stated periods to
qualify as marksmen, and that they must
parade for the purpose of target prac
tice at such times as may be designated
by the commander-in-chief, but the
commander-in-chief has not. since the
law has been in force, ordered such a
parade, and the men of the several bri
gades have gone to the ranges, if they
felt like It. and have kept away if they
did not feel inclined to go. As there is
no penalty for not going to the range
the men feel that if the superior officers
fail to < arry out the law they are at lib
erty to disobey orders, and if the feeling
that exists at this time continues the men
will argue that if they can disobey the
laws and orders in one case they will be
able to do so with impunity in other
cases, and it will not be long before de
demoralization reigns supreme all along
the line.
There are many of the officers of the
guard who are of the opinion that wiih
the issuance of a commission to them it
Is time to cease military study. On the
contrary, they should from that time on
continue to improve themselves in the
art of war. so that in case of emergency
the knowledge which it is fair to pre
sume they would acquire would be of im
mediate service to the Government. There
are many officers who appear to be of
the opinion that ability to command
"fours right" or "left," and in a few in
stances to give the command for the de
ployments of a squad, but without knowl
edge as to when arwl why certain move
ments are to ue executed, is all the
knowledge required. Every officer should
pay proper attention to the care and
handing of men in the field, the prepara
tion of reports and papers, all of which
can be »asily learned by studious and
painstaking National Guard officers.
There should be schools of instruction,
and if, after the first term, officers failed
to show any improvement or advance
ment, they should be given an oppor
tunity of retiring, to make way for more
ambitious men, who would bring the
guard up to its proper standard. In a
prize essay by Lieutenant S. M. Foote,
Fourth United States Artillery, on,
"Based on Present Conditions and Past
Experiences, How Should Our "Volunteer
Armies Be Raised, Organized. Trained
and Mobilized for Future Wars?" pub
lished in a recent issue of the Military
Service Institution, he says, after draw
ing attention to the "crying want in the
North at the outbreak of the Civil War
for Instructed and competent officers":
But since, a great change has taken place,
especially in the larger and wealthier States.
The organized National Guard is now in a
much better condition in every way than it
was then— so much better, In fact, as to be
practically a different class of troops. This
advancement has been brought about in a great
degree by the active interest taken by the
General Government in its condition, welfare
and improvement. The organizations in the
different States are becoming somewhat more
uniform in arms, equipments and dress, as well
as in discipline and drill, and in the qualifica
tion of officers. But there is still and there
must ever be, in the nature of things, vast dif
ferences in the quality and efficiency of even
regiments of the same State, and differences
vaster between the organizations of differ
ent States. Some States make generous appro
priations, have annual encampments and in
spections by regular officers and maintain their
National Guard in excellent condition. Others
have no annual training or inspection and
make no appropriation at all. In some organi
zations the fact that a man is an officer is in
Itself a guarantee that he is, to a certain ex
tent at least, an educated, intelligent soldier
and gentleman; but in most National Guard
organizations it must be confessed that many
of the officers are not properly fitted for the
positions they hold.
Some of the best militia regiments are those
that would wish to remain in the service the
shortest period in time of war. Take the Sev
enth Regiment of New Tork, for instance, the
crack militia regiment of the United States be
fore the war, the original National Guard. It
made special arrangements with the War De
partment in IS6I by which it was to remain in
the United States' service only one month In
stead of three. It afterward furnished enough
officers of volunteers to make a whole regi
ment, and at the same time keeping up its or
ganization as a militia regiment during the
war. doing valuable service both at home and
at the front in emergencies. It would certainly
have been bad policy to keep those men to
gether as a regiment instead of scattering:
them abroad to officer and instruct raw levies.
THE ■ NAVAL. MILITIA.
Last Tuesday the first and second divi
sions of the Naval Militia were instructed
in land drill," and it is likely that one will
be the last they will have for some time,
as ' in future they will drill '• on '- board of
: the i Marion, and * will j familiarize -ithem
selves with everything ; above and below
deck. :■ . ;.',.,--; •: ?* -i.:-"-^;;--- •;--,~V
During this week the work of removing
the old ;. armory :on .: East 1 street to i the
; Marion will •; be ■ complete, ' and ;it is ' possl
ble that ; the :' vessel ■■- will "be . . wired J ; for
lighting with electricity >in i time for the
1 social :• to be ; given ; by c the . men on . the
ship , ; on ; the ; evening of the ; 21st ■ Inst.
151 5: The j French army ia -three) ' time* aa
lafgft aa it wag jp 1870, • - — 7^j
WILD SCENE
AT A FUNERAL
An Escaped Prisoner Is
Dragged From His
Mother's Side.
After a Desperate Struggle He
Was Handcuffed and
Taken Away.
The Shrieks of His Mother, Brothers
and Sisters Attracted a Large
Crowd.
An exciting and dramatic scene oc
curred yesterday in front of St. Rose's
Church, on Brannan street, near
Fourth, in which a deputy sheriff and
an escaped prisoner from the House of
Correction played the principal parts.
James Brogan, a son of John Brogan,
a marine fireman, living on Fargo
place, died last Friday, and his fune
ral took place yesterday. One of his
brothers, John, is in the City Prison, on
a charge of burglary, and at the urgent
request of his mother Chief Lees de
tailed Policemen Coughlin and Carr to
take John to- his mother's house, so that
he could get a last look at his dead
brother's face.
When they reached the house the cof
fin was being put in the hearse, and
Mrs. Brogan asked the officers to go j
with her son to St. Rose's Church, and i
he might get a look at his brother's \
face there. They went to the church, I
but the undertaker refused to take off
the lid of the coffin. The officers re
mained in the church during the serv
ice, and when it was over they waited
until the coffin was carried out and
placed in the hearse. There was only
one carriage, which was occupied by
Bfrs. Brogan, her eldest son, Michael,
I 20 years of age, and three small chil- :
I dren. Her husband is with his vessel j
on the way to Alaska.
John, with tears in his eyes, had ;
kissed his mother good-by, and the door
of the carriage had just closed upon
her, when a man stepped forward, and, j
announcing himself as a deputy sher- \
iff, ordered Michael to come out of the
carriage.
The two policemen asked him what
was the matter, and he replied, point
ing to Michael, "That young fellow es
caped frc-m the House of Correction
about three months ago, and we have
i been looking for him since." Michael
! refused to leave the carriage, saying
i he wanted to attend his brother's fune
■ ral, but the deputy sheriff, who said his
| name was Frank Naseby, took hold of
j him and dragged him out. Michael
fought desperately, and as his mother
and her young children commenced to
scream a big crowd quickly gathered.
Naseby succeeded in getting one hand
j cuff on, and, becoming exasperated at
i Michael's resistance, he put his hand
: in his hip pocket, and said he would
| shoot if he did not quit.
Michael was urged on by his brother
John not to go with Naseby, and there
would have been serious tro-üble if the
j two policemen had not poured oil on '
the troubled waters by advising Naseby
not to draw his revolver and keeping '
! James in subjection. The crowd hissed
! the deputy, and it is possible if the po
i licemen had not been there he would
I have been mobbed. He finally succeed
■ ed in securely handcuffing Michael and
i led him away, amid the howls of the
! crowd and the shrieks of Mrs. Brogan
! and her children. Coughlin and Carr
| hurried away with James and took him
i back to the prison.
Michael was arrested on September 4
: under the name of Thomas Greene, on
charges of vagrancy, petty larceny and
burglary. The first two charges were i
i dismissed, and the burglary charge ;
j haying been reduced to petty larceny, j
he was sentenced to six months in the ;
! House o-f Correction. He* escaped about
I three months ago. He and his brother >
i John are known as railroad car thieves. ;
COMING OF BOOTH.
The General Will B2 Welcomed With
All Due Ceremony.
Everything is excitement around the
Salvation Army headquarters in prepara
tion for the coming of Commander General
Booth. He is expected to arrive on Sun
day, the 27th inst., at Oakland, where he
will lecture the same evening at the
Macdonough Theater.
The following days— Monday, Tuesday
and Wednesday— he will be heard at the
California Theater, and extensive prepara
tions are being made for the grand jubilee
march, which will take place Tuesday
evening. The particular feature of it will
be the bodyguard of the general, which
will consist of twenty officers, natives
of twenty different countries, attired in
national costume.
Accompanying General Booth will be
Commander Booth-Tucker, Commander
Nicol and Colonel Lawley.
Asthma&Bronehltis cured. No pay till cured. Dr.
Gordlns ISanitarium,6imne,nr.Kearny,S.F.,Cal.1 Sanitarium,6imne,nr.Kearny,S.F.,Cal.
Saloon Cutting Affray.
Harry Sweetman, 812 Sixth street, was
cut on the neck and head during a fight
in Courtney's saloon. Third and Silver
streets, at an early hour yesterday morn
ing. The wounds were not dangerous
and were dressed at the Harbor Hospital.
Sweetman was fighting with Frank
Spriggs, a sailor, and the police believe
Spriggs did the cutting, and they are
searching for him. For interfering with
the bartender while he was trying to sep
arate them L. G. Goldspring was arrested
on the charge of battery.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
■ Delicious Infusion i
IB pure, strong and delicately . I
■W \ flavored. A cup of M
F Japan Tea 1
I "invigorates in the morning I
| ■; and refreshes at night. " '
I ;>.:;■;. Every pound of Japan Tea 1
I: is critically inspected by the '/. I
\ Japanese officials : before :it J
is shipped. % M
SoiJ by all srroctrs. jS/t
•■■-'■ . . . . . - - . -- — -- >-^. •
Rad way's Ready ' Relief , for . Sprains, ; Bruises
Sore Muscles, Cramps, 1 , Burns, Sunburns, Back
iche. Headache, Toothache, Rheumatism, Neu
ralgla. Lumbago. Internally for . all ■ Bowe
Pains, Colic, -• - Diarrhoea, Dysentery, Cholen
Morlroa an 4 SlckatM, j Nausea, etc . All dru*
**fisSr _ * *»-—
; \ . , i ADVEBTISEMENTS. ; \ \ ■
»t>M»M t♦> M .♦..♦>'♦> ■♦'♦'♦ ♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ M ♦♦♦♦♦♦+■+ tHt ♦ »
CITY OF jljg PARIS
DRY GOODS CO/WPANY.
NOVELTIESLNDRESS GOODS
. . . SPRING 1898 ...
■ FIRST OPENING OF NEW
WEAVES AND COLORINGS.
We are showing an exceptionally large assortment of
EARLY NOVELTIES direct from Europe, including : V
8 SILK AND WOOL GRENADINES,
Zl BE LINE CAMELS-HAIR FLA IDS,
VENETIAN COVERTS, WHIFCORDS,
TWO-TONED HAIR-LINED GRANITES,
LIZARD CLOTH, ETC., ETC.
SPECIAL . ....
25 pieces All-Wool Broken Check, Cfjp
new colorings :-. UUu Yard
35 pieces Imported Vigoureaux, all 7Cp
. # wool, 8 different shadings lUU Yard
20 pieces New Tailor Suiting, in a Oi |)[|
full line of colors, "Imported".. Oil UU Yard
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY
SE. Cor. Geary and Stockton Sts. (Union Square), San Francisco.
COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED AND CAREFULLY ATTENDED TO.
Consumption, Coughs, Colds, Bron-
chitis, Debility, Wasting Diseases,
Asthma, Influenza, Scrofulous
Humors, etc., etc.
Physic prescribe It. . All druggists Dell It.
Asif for WILBOK'S and lake iio otner.
- -
it f w-» b l^"Br > "^r\J l l/'Il l lH!!df^^s^3|
j when "unwell," for pains, obstructions,
[ and irregularities peculiar to the sex. _,
'Recommended by. the leading French • j
i Specialists for diseases of women : Supe- I
rior to Tansy, Pennyroyal and injurious I
drugs. One bottle of Apioline Capsules I
lasts three months* Sold by all druggists, I
or by mail, $1. Box 2081, N. Y. Post Office. 1
£j visit DB. JORDAN'S Great
4&|a Museum of Anatomy
J f|fi' l ' 1051 MAEEET ST. tat. 6th 4 7th, S. P. C*L
I g^ I The Largest of Its kind in the World.
lj|ii, DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
I VTVVW L : Consaltation free. TTrite for Book
■ W I (^ PhHosophy of Marriage.
hu MAILCP FREE.
***«s#dßfifc^*»*W X O is a non-pofsonoas
tMrnSS* "^^i^M r"r "' '" fl r Gonorrho?a,
J&jgrc Vlt Eb^afll Glet?t, Spermatorrhoea,
OBSFin i tosd»ys.^H Whites, unnatural did-
MmBW Guaranteed f| charges, or any infl;imni;i-
Jt*»jf not to strieiure. . tion, irritation or ulcera-
1™ conugion. tion of mucous mem-
l?SirHEEvANSCllEMin»lCo. Cranes. Non-astringent.
igAciNCINNATI.O WUB Sold b - T l>raesi»t»,
«Mk r;.s. a ißr or s " nt v plain •wrapper,
/■Dk. _^j&?yH l)y express, prepaid, for
VWEBnyf« l 1 .- 00 " r ■" bottles, $2.75.
• ■ Circular s"iit oa request.
BArLROAD TRAVEL.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot or Market St.
SAN KKANCISCO TO SAN KAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 9:00, 11:00 a. m. 12:35,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra • trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra tMps at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m. : •■
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m. : 1:30, . 3:30.
. E:00. 6:20 p. m. mmiWW
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.;
• 12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— trips
at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m. .
SUNDAYS— 10, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, , g:4O.
6:00, 6:25 p. m. ■ . ,
Between San . Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above. .
Leave - ■ _ eff(V , t Arrive
San Francisco. <>t3*, San Francl8 ®>. I
Week 1 Sun- Ttaat^H/v, Sun- I Weei£
Day B . I days. Destination dayB | day^ ,
7:30 a.m. 8:00 a.m. 1 'Novato, 10:40 a.m. 8:40 a.m.
8:30 p.m. 9:30 a.m. Petal'ima, 6:10 p.m. 110:25 a.m.
6:10 p.m. s:oUp.m. ! Santa Rosa. : 7:35 p.m.i 8:22 p.m.
Fulton,' ~ ' r.-,:
7 :30 a.m. Windsor. 10:25 a.m.
Healdsbur?,
Ly tton, ■
j Geyservllle,
8:30 p.m. 8:00 a.m. I Cloverdale. 7:35 p.m. I B:2?p.m.
• ~ " I - • . 1 Hopland and I •■-. .
7 8-Ooa.m. i Ukiah. | 7:Ssp.m. 8:22 p.m.
7:30 a.m. . - .. 1 , . 10:25 a.m.
■ 18:00a.m. j Guerneville. 7:35 p.m.
8:30 p.m. I ■ I -. • j 6:22 p.m.
7.80 a.m. 8 :00 a.m. i Sonoma 10:40 a.m. 8:40 a.m.
- '. -. -■•■ ■ •'-: ano ■ ■•- .
6:lop.m. J'jOOp.m^ Glen Ellen. ■ 6:10 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
8;^:m:!l^ P :m:l-^a tcp , I loTiba.m. i Mh2Sa. m.
Bj3op.m. s:oop.m : __^ Daatcpol - | 7 :35p.m. | 7 :22 p.m.
- Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs: at Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hopland for
Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay,
Lakeport * and Bartlett Springs: -at Ukiah for
Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes,
Laurel Dell Lake, ■. Upper. Lake. Porno, Potter
Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Buck-
nell's, Sanhedrin Heights, < Hullville, Boonville,
Orr's : Hot -Springs, Mendocino City, ; Fort
Bragg.' Westport, .Usal. . -
} Saturday to Monday, round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. :--~: --~ -.••■■. <■- ■•- . •-:
. On , Sundays ■ round-trip . tickets to ' all points I
beyond San . Rafael ■ at half rates.
, Ticket - Offices— Market street. Chronicle ;
building.
A. W. FOSTER, R. X. RYAN.
; . Pres. and Gen. Manager. - Gen. Pass. Agrt.
NORTH PACIHC COAST RAILROAD.
• Via Sausali Ferry. 
From San Francisco. : Commencing September
19. 1597. ■■ ■ '■;, •:.' i S*..'
' WEEK DAYS.
For • Mill Valley . and * San Rafael— •7:2s, *9:30,
11:30 a. m. ; »1:45, 3:45, •5:15,6:00, 6:30 p. m.
Extra : trips for San ;- Rafael on Mondays,
Wednesdays and Saturdays. at 11:30 p. m. :
■- ••■ »■■■ -■•-■,:■, SUNDAYS. ;-■-.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— *B:oo, '10.00,
, •11:30 a. m. ; *l:15,'3:0O, »4:30, 6:15 p. m.
Trains 1 marked • run to San Quentin.
"■ ■ -:; - THROUGH TRAINS. .
7:25 a. m. week days for Cazadero and way sta-
, ■ tions; 1:45 p. m. Saturdays (mixed : train) for I
Duncan Mills and' way., stations'; 8:00 a. m. '
Sundays for Point Reyes and way stations. .m'
MOUNTv TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
' :': ; (Via Sausalito Ferry)- -'
Leave San Francisco, 1 commencing Novem- '
ber 13, 1597 ::.,.-.. ■ -■,: .!■■ ■ -. • ■ ', • . . ■- - ■ :.
- Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 p. m.
-Sundays— B:oo,-10:00.:ll:30«a. c m., 1:15 p. m.-
. ; Round trip from Mill Valley, 1 |1.
RAILROAD TRAVEL. J
IOrTHKRN HAC'IFIC MI.nPAJiT.
(PACIFK! KVSTEM.)
Tr»lii> lenre »u<l nre due to »rrlT« ••
NAN lltAMl^o.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street) '
i.cave — From Januaky 1. 1898. — AMtiv^i
" «6:OOa Niles, San Jose and Way Stations. . . •8:45 a.
7:00 a Btnicia, Suisun and Sacramento 10:45 a,
7:O»a Marj-aville, Oroville aud Redding Tia
Woodland 5:43*,
7:OOa VacaTille and Bumsey 8t43»
7:30 a Martinez, San Itaraon. Vallejo, Nap»,
Calistoga and Santa Rosa *iIS»-
B'OOa Atlantic Kipres-s, Og.len and Ea3t.. Bi4."J»-
«r««A Niles, .Saiu .loso, Stockton, ■ lone, •
Sacramento, Marysville, Chico,
Tehaina and Keil IHniT 4ilsp,
•B>3oa Teters, Milton uud Oakdale *7tlß*f
9s««a New Orleans llxpiesii, Merced, Ray-
mond, Fresno, UakersQeld, Santa
linilmra, I.os Anyeles, Demltig,
Xi l'aso, Now Orleans and F.aat. o«43>^
9:00 a Vallejo, Martinez, Merced and
Fresno... .....". 12«l»p
•l:OOr Sacramento ltiver Stoainers., "OiOOp
lz«Or N!!tB, San Joso and Way Stations. . J9: l 3a,
I:3Or Marticez aud Way Stations 7i45p
2:OOp Livcrmorc, Mendota, Ilanford and
Vi3alia 4i15»
LiTennore, San Jose, Nilea »nd Way
Stations Jl3tlsA
4:OOp Martinez:, Sau Ramon, Vallejo.
Nai>a, Oilintogu, Xl Verwio and
StuiUßoM »iI«A
4i«M>f Benicia, VacaTille, Woodland,
Knights Landing, Marysville, Oro-
ville and hucrninento 1O:4»A
■ii3op Ni!e9, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7i13»
4:3«p Lathrop, Modesto, Merced, Berenda.
Kresno, M<<jave (for Randsburg),
Santa liar bara and Los Angeles.. 7i45a,
4::« Op .Santa i''o Uc-iite, Atlantic Kxpreaa
for Mojuvo nn.l 1'1a5t....... 6i43f
53:30p " Sunset Limited." Los Angeled, El
■ raso, Fort Wcrth, Little Kock, St.
Louis, Chicago and East .......... SIOiISa
IT."»:3ur " Sujiseti Limited Annt'X," Xl Paso, ■
New Orkans and East |lOi
6:OUi- Kuropeuu Mail, Og>l«.i and I'.aal tt:4s.v
6:««i- llaywiiiili., NilfHuiid San .105e...:.. 7:434
|»:OOi> Vuliejo t7i4Br
6:<M»i' Oregon IfiU'mwi.hrirnmfintn. Marya-
v i 1 1 , • . Kedding, Vortlaml, l'uget
■Sound and Hast. B;li *^, ,
SAN LfcAMHCO AMI IIAVWAUI) 1 -; LUOAIi. ~\ )
(Foot of Market Street.) ™ "'
t»C:OO.i "1 ( ' 7:1 Ba
8:0Oa 3loln»sr. Seiuinarr P«rlc, 1*9:45 a
loJoOa Kilchbu^Elmhurst, \tAli
t il 1:OOa Sun Leundro, South San. 12:S3p
t1 . 2 . : °.°. J ! Le..dro, K^tudiUo, , Ujjg*
ii(:6op Lorenzo, Cherrj i «4:45p
4:00p . i t3:45r
5:00p Bna f 6:13p
6:30p HavnanK 7:45p
7:« Op f *i43p
8:00p <Ruus through to Niles. > • 9i45f
9:00p , From Kites! : 2°/
ttll:l.lP>> ttlg:OO?
COAST lUVIn.IO.N (NnrroiT Oaiige).
(Foot of Market Street.)
Nil.la Neurnrk.Ccntervillu.Hiin.loae.FeUon,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way • '-,
- Stations .CTiifei
*U>lSp Newark, C'eiil.er»llle, Sau Jose, New
Alinaden, Felton, ltonldcr Creek, I
Santa Cruz und l'rinoipal Way
Stations " I •iSO« .
4;13i- Newark, Sun .lnsa and Los Oatos ... 9:SOa. I
t11:43p Hunters' Eiairsion, Sao Jose and
■■■ ■■-■--. ■. Way Stations }7iBoi;
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrom SAX FRIKCISCO— Fcot or Mirket Street (Slip 8) — -= )
♦7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. : Jl:00 " *2:00 t3:oj)
>4:00: $5:00 ,*6:oop.m.
."rom OAKLAND— Foot of Broadway.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00i.lM.
t12:30 . «l:00 J2:00 *3:QO t4:08 5:00r.u; ;
COASI 1 DIVISION (Broad Oange). '
: (Third and Towngend Stsu) . .
6t33A Hau Jose and Way Stations (New , j
Almadeu Wednesdays only) tiffS*.
9:60 v Hau .lose, Tres I'luos, Santa Crua,
I'acilic Grove, l'aso Robles, San
Lilts Obispo, Guadalupe, Surf aud I
: «- . rrincipal Way Statious 4:151*
■ I O:4Oa Sau .lose aud Way 5tati0n5......... «8:00 a. '
11:30 a San Jose and Way Stations B:33a>
*S:3opSan Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Santa Clara, Sau Jose, Gilroy,
Hollister, Santa Cruz, Salinas,
Monterey and Pacitic Gr0ve...... 10«40»,
•SilSp San Jose and Principal Way Stations *9:00 a,
•4xl3i- San Jose au;l Principal Way Stations 9:43*.
*3:OOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 1:30*
3:30p San Jose anil Principal Way Stations 5:30f
6::tOi- San Jose Way Stations...:...:. 7:« Or
111:45p San Jose nml Way Stations 7:«0p
A for Morning. . - P for Afternoon. . :
• Bundavs excepted. ; J Sundays only, t Saturdays ocly, -Jf
\\ Monday, Thursday and Saturday night* onlj. . \
? Mondays and Thursdays. '
t Wednesdays and Saturdays. ■ - : , , _
ll«J»— aJill CALIFORNIA
LIMITED.
iHnnm^Pil SAN FRANCISCO
Ijjg.*" 1 8^ CHICAGO.
-.;-. Leaves San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS, THURSDAYS AND
SATURDAYS.
Carries first-class passengers only, but with-
out extra charge.
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Drawing-Room Sleepers,
3% days to Chicago, • 4«4 days to : New York.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
Leaves . dally at 4:30 p. m., carrying Fullraaa
Palace and Pullman Tourist Sleeping. Cars on
fast time. Direct connection in . Chicago ■ and
Kansas City for all Eastern points. .
Trains arrive and depart from Market-street
Ferry. - San Francisco ticket office, 644 Market
street, : Chronicle / building. Telephone Main
1620. Oakland office, IHS Broadway. Sacra-
mento ofrk-e, ■. 201 " J street, San ■ Jose. 7 West
1 Santa Clara street.
THE SAN FRANCISCO & SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
: From September 10, l&»7. trains will run as
follows: . ""
~ Sonthbound. ~ j Northbound.
,; Daily.: Exc'ptd -Excptd ?Da?^.^.\
• 7:2<)a.m. ; 9:00 a.m. Stockton "3:45 p.m. 5-40 n m!^
ijaoa.m. r.;:oop.m. Merced l-.wfc.m. iSpS
iU:4Ua.m. ; K:.-iop.m. Freano J::i0 a-.m. .2-20 dm.
11:40 a.m. -' 5:20 p.m. Hanrord . ; :45 am < ls££
12:15 p.m. .C:45. C:45 p.m. , Visaliu 6:40 a.m 12 40 m*
Stopping at intermediate points when requlrel
Connixtions-At Stockton " with"Bteamboat3" 7
C. N. & I. Co., leaving San Franolsoo «ni
Stockton at 6 p. m. daily; at Mercld wUh
stages to and from Snellings, Coultervllle, Ttc •
1 "i"? W l th age for Hor nitos, Mariposa. etc •
I f& LaqHprfiMrajgj^L stags to. aai ijoa M»,jenC * 'ALAMEDA COUNTY N EWS.
BACK SEATS
FOR CROAKERS
Effect of Electric Lines in
Developing the City
of Oakland.
How Outside Towns Could
Have Their Eyes
Opened.
Some Interesting Views of a Mem
ber of the Ebell So
ciety.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, !
908 Broadway, Feb. 13.
If the pessimists and croakers of Oak
land have not so completely stunts!
their mental growth that they <<Uk no |
longer think, a little statement made i
this week in the press must surely can
rtnca them that they should change
their tune or move on to another town.
This particular foot to which I refer ;
is that the electric railroad syndicate !
is now, and has been for some time, j
payirg nut $2.",0'"> a month in wages.
Now glance back eight years. At that
time there was not a foot of eleCtfte
track in this city, and the blocks which !
are now the leading business centers of
Oakland were vacant lots. A few
lonely horse cars moved along slowly
till about 11 p. m., and then the city
retired.
In 1889 Oakland was one of the least
progressive cities on the coast, and was
run solely for the benefit of a few poli
ticians and a couple of corporations.
Then came a great change. The
whole city received literally an electric
shook. Street railroads were run in all
directions. West Oakland was invaded
by four distinct linos, all coming to the
center of towiL Berkeley was connect
ed with Oakland by two fine routes. Ala
meda and Fruitvale, East Oakland, Le
ona and Mills College. Haywards, Pied
mont and the cemeteries were all
reached by electric roads, and one-half
the county was so completely tied to
gether that, although it may not come
under one government for ten years, it
Is now practically one large munici
pality.
These roads represented investments
of some millions of dollars. It all went
in labor, and eventually into the pock
eta erf merchants, who again invested
It in large blocks, making more labor.
Towns crew up between Oakland and
Haywards; while riding now from Oak
land t<> Berkeley there is no dividing
line, houses being erected all the way;
Fruitvale has developed, and is only di
vided by a bridge from Alameda, and
in all directions new life has come into
dry bones. In addition to all this, a
new industry has arisen, that of th i
army of street-car men — mo-tormen, :
conductors, cleaners and repairers, who
are a permanent addition to the popu- i
lation, and among whom $25,000 is now
being paid each month by the syndi- ,
cate railroads, in addition to perhaps
SSOOO paid by the Broadway lines, and
not any less by the Haywards compa-
ny.
This $41,000 per month put into the
pockets of workingmen is respectfully
called to the attention of those who
fondly refer to the "good old times" |
when* things were so much "better and \
different."
Dr. Chamberlain's letter to his
brother members of the Board of
Health deserves more than the passing
notice hitherto given it. The doctor
had good ground for writing as he did,
and the only trouble in the matter is
that the members of the Board of
Health, being scientific men and
doctors of high repute, cannot aiso be
expected to be politicians and practi' .;!
economists. Thus, when they hml a
very careful analytical examination
made of the water supply of this city,
they deckled it was their duty to adopt
thert-purt. This being done it became
a public document, and the report that
foretold of death and other horrible
things was scattered broadcast.
Worse than that, it was made the
basis by rival cities of Oakland in other
parts of the State of an attack on this
city, and a fearful warning was given
all intending settlers to keep away
from Oakland. This, of course, was not
foreseen by the doctors of the Board of
Health, all of whom have the best in
terests of the city at heart, commer
cially as well as hygienically.
Then came the annual report of the
Health Officer, Dr. J. P. Dunn, who is
not a member of the board, and he
wrote:
The health of the city has remained
at its usual high standard during the past
year, the death rate being only 12.22. In
comparison with the majority of cities
in the United States this is extremely low.
The very low death rate from zymotic
diseases that was a marked feature in
last year's report can, we are glad to flay,
be again recorded this year, and there
can be no doubt but' that, when our
marshes are filled in and drained and
some further improvements made in our
■ewers, this will fall still tower, we have
especial cause to congratulate ourselves
upon our relative immunity from those
scourges of Eastern and European cities,
diphtheria and diarrheal cas-s.
This caused Dr. Chamberlain, who
did not help to pass the water report,
to remark in his letter published this
morning:
I regret that this Board has been placed
in the position of advertising one water
company to the detriment of the other,
and that the publication of any such clr
cularas that recently distributed through
out the city was made possible.
I believe that the methods suggested by
the preceding Board, if faithfully followed
out, would have succeeded very soon in
purifying the water t-upply in question
and would have avoided the unfavorable
advertising just glv^n our city. Such pro
ceedings would only have been justified,
to my mind, had there been a recent epi
demic of typhoid feTer or dysentery; but
with a death rate averaging unusually
low, I cannot see the need for any such
action.
Does the doctor mean to Imply that
the water company's fight cut any
figure with his colleagues on the Board
of Health?
It is Interesting to observe how the
press of Alameda, Berkeley, Elmhurst ;
and San Leandro rises with one ac- j
cord and denounces the ambition of \
Oakland to absorb the territory ad- ;
jacent to it in a city and county. These •
t'.wns are evidently suspicious that .
Oakland may not give them as clean !
a political deal as they are now re- j
ceivlng from their several administra
tions. Alameda is virulent, Berkeley
is a little less so. San Leandro 1b really
rude, and the Elmhurst Review goes
outside the bounds of propriety and
says:
It would be more creditable to the pro- '
ponents of the annexation scheme if they ;
would devise some means to take care of t
the neglected streets In the outlying por- I
tions of Oakland before they seek to en- j
large the dominion of their city govern
ment. One can pass along in thickly set- j
tied portions of the community and look
upon block after block in a condition
which is a disgrace to the name of the j
Athens of the Pacific. Large municipal)- j
ties are not desirable. They are difficult i
to protect from the ravages of political
bosses. Vice and crime are iiore ram- j
pant than in smaller communities. The
rate of taxation is necessarily high, for
large revenues must be raised to supply
the bands of corruptlonists who live upon
the lootings of the public treasury.
This is unpleasant. It is now In
order for the Board of Trade and the
j Merchants' Exchange to organize ex
j cursions to these places, bring these
I unappreciatlve populations here, show
them our streets and public buildings
! (excepting temporarily the City
Prison), and then take them to Gier's
! Hull, where Mayor Thomas should
I convince them of the immaculate pur
ity of tho purged political conditions
of this city. After this, the residents
of these towns will surely tumble over
tht-mselves in their mad rush to re
cord their votes for annexation, and
| Ben Lamborn of Alameda will be their
leader.
The ladles of the Ebell Society, who
wish to preserve their exclusiveness
and who do not wis-h to affiliate with
any general organization of clubs,
should make public the reasons for
their belief in justice to themselves. If
the 400 ladies comprising the Ebell have
discovered by experience some phases
of club life that might be helpful to
others — and in the years of their exis
tence as a club they surely haye — it is
not fraternal that they should desire to
keep this helpful experience to them
selves. Nor is it reasonable to suppose
that the Ebell Is so perfect that it can
not learn something from other clubs.
There is such a thing as being too ex
clusive and the Ebell seems to have
reached that point. A body of 400 ac
tive women, all desirous of dning good,
can accomplish untold good in a com
munity like Oakland, but so far the
Ebell has been so confined to itself that
the city at large knows nothing of its
real work and the white Greek temple
on Harrison street is regarded some
what as a housp of mystery. There Is a
nobler work fur 400 of Oakland's best
women to do than to amuse and Inter
est each other, and that is to let those
outside of the pale receive the full bene
fit of their efforts in some such manner
as that outlined by Mrs. John Russ be
fore the club three weeks ago. These
ideas will not receive the indorsement
of many of the members, but they were
given me by one of the ladies and are
certainly worth consideration.
STUART TV. BOOTH.
UNION LENTEN SERVICES.
Special Musical Programme at the
Unitarian Church Last Night.
OAKLAND. Feb. 13.— The Episcopal
churches have arranged for union Lenten
services on each Wednesday evening, be
ginning the Wednesday after Ash Wed
nesday. The places of meeting and lead
ers are: St. John's, March 2, Rev. V.
Marshall Law; St. Paul's, March 9. Rev.
James Hulme; Church of the Advent,
March 16, Rev. R. Ritchie; St. Andrew's,
March 23, Rev. John Bakewell; Trinity,
March 30. Rev. F. J. Mynard.
Rev. Philip Graif of the Free Baptist
I "hurch began a series of sermons to
night. The full course will Include "The
Three Gfreat Temptations of Our Age,"
"The Threefold Typical Americanism of
George Washington," "A Three-Act Trag
edyof the Soul." "The Three Best Friend
ships of Life" and "The Three Crowning
Graces of Religion."
Rev. F. D. Butler of the First Christian
Church will speak for the next few Sun
day evenings on "The Bible." His themes
will be, "The Gospel— Where and What It
Is." "Rightly Dividing the Bible," "How
the Bible Was made," "The Two Cove
oant*, "Grace and Law."
Rev. V. Marshall Law of the Church of
the Advent. Episcopal, spoke to-night up
on the subject of "Catalepsy, or the Dan
gers of a Living Burial."
Special musical services wore held to
nigrht at the I'nltarian Church, Rev.
Theodore C, Williams delivering the ad
dress. ?.li?s Nina Martin, Miss Amy C.
Hicox. and Mrs. Carrie Brown-Dexter
were the soloists. Llewelyn A. Hughes,
Lovell Langstroth and Miss Blanch Part
ington furnished the instrumental num
bers, all of which were of the highest or
der.
FUNERAL OF DR. MELVIN.
Attended by Masons, Although They
Took No Active Part.
OAKLAND. Feb. 13.— The funeral of the
late Dr. S. H. Melvln of East Oakland
was held this afternoon at the Pllgrrim
Congregational Church. The pastor, Rev.
J. R. Knodell, officiated.
The pall bearers were C. W. Klnsey, J.
W. Phillips. Colonel Duboce, Professor
W. M. Searby, Dr. George C. Pardee and
Gilbert Curtlsa. They were preceded by
Major E. A. Sherman, who was an -early
associate of the deceased.
The music was furnished by Mrs. Beat
rice Priest-Fine, Miss Carolyn Boyen, W.
W. Davis and J. M. Robinson. The Ma
sonic fraternity was well represented, al
though the members did not attend in a
body nor take any part in the services.-
Charged With Insanity.
OAKLAND, Feb. 13.— Llm Kong, a
Chinaman, was arrested-laet evening on
a charge of insanity by Constable Koch,
and is detained in the Receiving Hos- !
| pital. Drs. Blood and Fisher will make '
j an examination at 10 o'clock to-morrow. '■
Lim's arrest was caused by one of his
f, •llfiw-countrymen. who stated that Lim
believed that some one wanted to kill
: him. He shows no signs of insanity to- '
day at the hospital, and is very quiet and
peaceable.
Defeated the Oaklands.
OAKLAND. Feb. 13.-The campus of St. '
' Mary's College was the scene of a most
interesting game of baseball between the
college nine and the Oaklands. Brilliant ;
plays <-haracterized the game throughout I
The most remarkable was the effective I
batting of Mosklman.the shortstop for the i
St. Marys. The score at the close of the
game stood 16 to 0 in favor of St. Mary's.
Their Nineteenth Anniversary.
OAKLAND, Feb. 13.-The nineteenth
anniversary of the organization of the '
Young Men's Christian Association will i
be appropriately celebrated on March 10 :
Irving M. Scott of San Francisco will be :
the prim-lpal speaker. There will also be '
vocal and instrumental music. It is in
tended to make this a great day for the I
institution in this city.
St. Joseph's Church.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 13. -Owing to the con
dition of the walls* of St. Joseph's church :
services were held to-day in the old :
building on, San Antonio avenue, between i
Chestnut and Lafayette streets The i
mission which was to have been opened I
• to-day by two of the Paulist fathers has i
I been postponed until the third week in '
Lent. Work will be commenced promptly '
1 on the repairs, which will consist of put- i
i ting in tie rods and bringing the walls i
to a perpendicular, after which steel col- i
, umns will be put in to take some of the >
I weight of the roof from the side walls I
I It is not expected that the work will be !
very expensive or difficult.
Thrown From Her Horse.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 13.— Mrs. A. E. Hal
pruner of 1501 Pacific avenue was thrown i
from a horse to-day and had her ankle 1
sprained, besides receiving some bruises. !
She was riding the animal, which is
rather fipirited, when it became fright
ened at something and shied, and she lost
her balance and was thrown to the
ground.
Death of A. T. Robinson.
ALAMEDA. Feb. 13.— Albion T. Robin
son, the capitalist, diod this morning at
his residence. 2110 Central avenue, from !
the effects of a stroke of paralysis. He i
was C 9 years of age and had resided in
this city for several years. His estate is !
a valuable one. He leaves three sons. El- |
mer Robinson of Yolo, Thomas Robin
son, deputy sheriff of Solano County, and
Ralph Robinson of this city. He was a
relative of Grade Plalsted, the actress.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 13.— Miss Grace A.
Weatherwax, a music teacher, residing
at 2010 Pacific avenue, died this morning
of consumption. She was a native or
Wisconsin.
There will be a special meeting of the
Board of City Trustees to-morrow even
ing to consider the question of gas and
water rates.
Major Hilton will close his series of re
vival meetings at the Presbyterian church
this evening.
Services were held In the Park-street
Methodist Episcopal church this morning
for the first time since the removal of
the building to Its new location.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1898.
AT THE MERCY
OF SCAVENGERS
End of a Struggle That
Has Lasted Three
Years.
At One Time Dynamite Cut a
Figure in the Heated
Warfare.
Bankruptcy Overtakes th« New Com
pany and the Union
Wins.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Feb. 12.
The Oakland Scavengers' Union has
j pursued its war against the holders of
the garbage franchise and the owners
of the crematory with such persistence
and sagacity that they are now to be
come the owners of the franchise grant
ed to their competitors.
This stroke of policy is the culmina
tion of two years' bitter Warfare that
has brought the crematory corporation
to bankruptcy, and has cost the Scav
engers' Union a large sum erf money
for litigation, and has entailed heavy
expenses on both sides.
The scavengers have from the first
refused to deliver their garbage to the
crematory, as required by the ordi
nance. They have put all sorts of ob
stacles in the way of the crematory
company, and on one occasion the
crematory people claimed to have
| found two sticks of dynamite among
| the garbage, and asserted that it was
| the intention of the scavengers to de
i stroy the plant. The scavengers de
clared that the company had given out
the story to enlist public sympathy on
j its side, and that the dynamite was
| purely imaginary.
Some time after this incident the
| crematory company demanded that the
I scavengers pay for each load as it was
! delivered, and this caused another
I skirmish. Then it was discovered that
only about one-fourth of the garbage
was delivered to the company, and a
• hunt was made for the place where the
j scavengers were dumping their loads,
for such is an offense against a city
ordinance. Everything that the Coun-
I cil could do to help the company use its
! franchise was done, but the scavengers
chartered cars and ran the garbage to
: a point neross the county line, and this
i could not be prevented.
At last the crematory people went
i into insolvency after losing about $10,
000. Now the creditors want to raise
i something on their claims, and the
only thing rrf any worth is the fran
; chise granted by the Council for the
' exclusive collection of garbage. As the
' scavengers now have the upper hand,
| they can afford to be generous, and so
they are prepared to pay a moderate
sum for it and thus insure their free
dom from molestation for several years.
They will not use the crematory in
■ North Oakland, but will continue to
haul the garbage out to the hills.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, Feb. 13.— Reno Hutchin
son led the College Y. M. C. A. this after
noon In a special meeting of prayer for
students. The meeting was part of the
observance of a universal day of prayer
for students by college Christian societies
all over the world.
The congregation of the First Baptist
Church worshiped this morning at the
Friends' Church, as the Baptist Church
is being moved from its former location
on Dwight way to the corner of Oxford
street and Allston way.
A meeting of the senior class day com
mittee has been called for to-morrow
morning by Chairman Creed, to begin ar
rangements for the class day exercises on
May 14.
The sophomores at the university will
elect an editor and manager for their
Blue and Gold. P^rcy Dolman and W. li.
Dunlap are candidates for editor, while
for manager there are three nominees —
Clinton Miller, I. J. Muma and George H.
Wllhelm.
Rev. J. A. Cruzan began this morning
at the North Berkeley Congregational
Church a series of sermons on "The
Beatitudes." His subject was "The Poor
in Spirit vs. the Poor-spirited."
An Alaska Company.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 13.— The Alaska Min
i ing and Transportation Company has its
: steamer, the Yukon Flyer, well under
1 construction and expects to get away
about the middle of next month for the
Yukon. It will go equipped for all kinds
of emergencies. Among the members of
the company who will accompany it are
, the well-known Admiral E. O. yon
i Schmidt, Captain Barnes, Fred Woodr
; rum, George Woodrum. E. H. Cowlne,
. Joseph A. Leonard and George Leonard.
IN THE HANDBALL COURTS.
The Ancient Game Kept Up With
Unabated Enthusiasm by Lo
cal Athletes.
The exhilarating sport of keeping a
small hall In motion and against the three
walls of a court loses none of its enthusi
asm among the 9an Francisco athletics.
The two Ban Ffanclsco courts, those of the
San Francisco at 858 Howard street, kept
by Phil Ryan, and the Occidental at 120
Grove street, afford the boys every facil
ity for their indulgence in the game. The
games at the local courts yesterday were
fully up to those of preceding Sundays.
At Phil Ryan's San Francisco court, 858
Howard street, the following scores were
made:
I. Steinhardt and E. Lynch beat E. Me
Donough, 21— M, 17—21, 2*1—19.
J. R. Bockman and D. J. Sheehan heat
L. AVaterman and E. McDonough. 21—15
17—21, 21—20.
A single-handed game, G. Dall beat M.
Basch, 21-18. 21—18, 21—19.
P. Ryan and G. McDonald beat E.
White and W. Manion, 21—18, 16—21, 21—17.
J. Dowling and J. Kirby beat R. Hous
man and W. Hamilton, 21—1*5, 18—21, 21—17.
M. Klrby and T. Foley beat R. Hous
man and P. Barrett. 21—14, 16—21, 21— IS.
G. Smith and L. Carter beat M. Pencer
and J. H. Taylor. 21— 1T,, 17—21, 21—16.
J. Harlow and E. Toy beat J. Riordan
and M. Baech, 21—15, 17—21, 21—19.
.J. C. Nealon and R. Linehan beat T. F
Bonnet and A. Hampton, 21—16. 17—21
21—19. _
Wanted to Die.
Luke Stark, 529 Stevenson street, took
a novel way of trying to end his life
yesterday afternoon. Tie had been drink
ing heavily, and when he got into his
bedroom he lighted a lamp and turned up
the wick until It bogan to smoke. Then
he held his mouth over the smoke and
caught hold of the hot glass with both
hands to steady himself. The smell of
the smoke attracted the attention of
other occupants of the house, and Stark
was sent to the Receiving Hospital, where
his burned hands were attended to and
he was put to bed.
Suffering From Cancer.
The many friends of Lieutenant Burke
of the Seventeenth-street polire station
will be aorry to learn that he is suffering
from cancer on the lip. He went to St
Mary's Hospital Saturday, where an
operation was performed with successful
results.
To Cur* a Cold In One Day.
Take Laxative Cromo Quinine Tablets. All
drunlata refund th* money If it falls to cure.
SEc. The genuln* has L. B. Q. on each tablet.
WITH PISTOL
AND RIFLE
Some Good Target Shoot
ing at Shell Mound
Ranges.
The National Guard Is Repre
sented by Companies
C, G and F.
The Various German Societies Also
Demonstrate Their
The fair weather yesterday afternoon
brought a goodly number of marksmen
out to the shooting ranges at Shell
Mound Park, all intent on showing
their skill or adding to it and the day
was an ideal one for target shooting.
There was Borne good shooting at the
different ranges and some that was not
quite so go6d, but on the whole some
remarkably good scores were made and
the day was a success from every point
of view.
Companies 0 and G (Nationals) First
Infantry, held their regular monthly
shoot at 500, 300 and 200 yards for the
champions of the first, second and third
and fourth classes respectively and the
scores at GOO yards resulted as follows:
J F Norton 47, F. J. Povey 42, "\V". Men
zel 35, \V. F. Unfred 43, J. B. Sweitzer 21,
V. F. Northrup 34. H. J. Musgrave 38,
E C. Sutliffe 41, P. J. Newman 36, C.
F. "Waltham 33, F. F. Carson 37, H. T.
Hicks 32, t". Meyer 46, A. H. Kennedy 41,
C. Knerr 40, A.H. Deppen 21, and A. J.
Ruddock 42.
The results at 300 yards were as fol
lows:
\V. Umfred 39, J. B. Sweltzer 30, TV.
Mcnzel 29, E C. Sutliffe 40, C. Waltham
38, F. V. Northrup 42, A. 11. Kennedy 40,
! A. Ruddock 32, H. F. Hicks 42, J. Hell
1 l>ron 25, J. Norton 39, H. Musgrave 36,
! P. Neuman 38, F. J. Povey 41, C. Meyer
40, JI. Deppen 35, and F. F. Carson 45.
. The scores at 200 yards were:
H. English 39, T. McGilvery 44, L. Hun
sacfcer 30, F. E. Casbie 6, G. Atkins 37,
1,. S. Bunner 11, O. Kelson 6, J. B. Dab
ney X, A. Martin 37, F. J. Povey 40, D. E.
Lu'wton 3S, G. J. Petty 38, W. F. Unfred
I 40. G. Warner 39, J. B. Sweitzer 40, C. A.
Smith 40, F. W. Held 15, C. W, Mueller
M, M. Menxel 88, J. Heilbron 34, P. J.
Nemnnn 4.'!, G. E. Lawton 27, G. Bantz
25, R. C. Howe 37, C. W. Swasey 37, E. C.
■ Sutliffe 42, H. Fawke 34, E. Williams 40,
I C. Mover 46, F. F. Carson 33, T. H. Arm
strong 26, J. Harrington 19, H. Hicks 37,
! 1,. A\ . Grant 31, H. J. Musgrave 37, S.
! 11. Stewart 22, J. F. Norton 44, C. F.
j AValtham 44, A. H. Kennedy 41. R. T.
Heron 22, A. J. Ruddock 40, 11. Deppen 41,
! and V. F. Northrop 41.
The score of Company F at 200 yards
was as follows:
Captain Miller 29, lieutenant Nippert
38, Sergeant Iverson 37, Sergeant Brown
3S, Sergeant Cook 38, Sergeant Hawks 25,
Corporal Higgina 28, Corporal Hawks 27,
I Corporal Doschef 23, Coporal Raine 24,
Corporal Fitzgerald 38. The following pri
vates scored: Nathan 80, Cleveland 24,
Payne 20, Dufresne 27, Newman 21, Var
ney 31, Dowe 81, O'Connor 32, Irving 39,
Dever 23, Hopkins 30, Paul 32, Clark 25,
Field 36, Wlllarfl 86, Cutlar 23, O'Brien 28.
The score at the monthly medal shoot
of the Independent Rifles at 200 yards
was :
H. A. Staude 35. J. H. Kuhlkw 34, Ser
geant C. H. Komi ecK 37,' Sergeant H.
Schlichtman 37, F. H. Brlnckman 32. A.
Dietrich 24, H. Goetgen 39, Corporal J.
Minderman 31, J. A. Stang 20, J. Hein
bockel 17, F. H. Laun 7.
The match shooting at 200 yards re
sulted in Schlichtman, Andrus and
Staude scoring 47 against 44 by Goet
gen, Kuhlke and Stang.
The Norddeutycher Schuetzen Club
held their monthly bull's-eye shoot for
small cash prizes, the scores being as
follows:
F. C. Rust 17S, F. P. Schuster 421. J.
Woebcke 444, J. Getken 4CO, H. Stetling 580,
J. D. Heise 610, H. Hub.-r 791, O. Lempke
1111, J. Thode 12W, F. Koch i:,SS, Captain
L. Siebe 1671, J. Lankenau 1824.
In the monthly medal shooting of the
San Francisco Schuetzen Vereln John
Utschig won the champion medal. The
first class medal was not filled. The
second class was won by John Getken,
378; third class, O. Lempke, 414; fourth
class, J. Lankenau. 350; best first shot,
John Utschig, 24; best last shot, J. W.
Goetze, 25.
In the German Schuetzen Club the
highest score in the public ten-shot
competition shoot for the $75 medal was
made by D. \V. McLaughlin, who made
226. Next in order came Dr. Rodgers,
213; F. Schuster, 213; L. Bendel, 205.
The highest scores in the three-shot
competition shoot for cash prizes were:
J. rtschig, 71; F. Schuster, 71; William
Morken, 70.
At the Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club
ranges the pistol shoot at fifty yards
for medals for members only resulted
as follows:
Champion Class— F. (5. Young 43, J. E
Gorman 47, A. 13. Donell 4)>, Dr. Rodders
51, and M. J. White 65.
First Class— G. If. Hurley 64, D. W. Mc
laughlin 70, and F. E. Mason SO.
Second Class— Mrs. M. J. White 66, A.
Hlnterman 66, and A. H. Cady 95.
Third class— B. P. Jonas 95, J. P. Cos
grrave 06.
The ten-shot pistol Phoot for the
Siebe medal, open to all comers, was
held, with this score: J. B. Gorman,
2S; F. O. Youngr, 44; A. B. Donell, 50.
In the fifty yard 22-ealiber rifle shoot
for ladies for the Ross trophy Mrs. M.
J. White scored 38 — 44 and Mrs. J. Man
uel 95.
For the all-comers' rifle medal at 200
yards: T. E. Mason, 48; A. H. Pape,
F>3; Dr. Rodgers, 58; F. O. Young, 55;
D. W. McLaughlin, 61.
For the Bushnell medal: F. O.
Tonnff, 46; A. H. Cady. 40—40.
For the members' rifle medal: A. B.
Donell, 54; J. E. Gorman, 62; A. H.
Gehret, SO; A. H. Cady. 97.
For members only: Champion class—
D. W. McLaughlin. 55; A. H. Pape, 56;
Dr. Rodgers, 57; F. O. Young, 60; A.
Streoker, 88. First cla^p— J. B. Gorman,
73; O. A. Brenner, 87; J. E. Klein, 90.
Second class— G. Borley. 77; M. J.
White, 95; A. Hinterman, 99: A. H.
Cady, lf>7. Third class— B. Jonas, 118;
E. Woenne, 151; Mrs. White, 160.
FRATERNAL SOCIETIES.
FORKSTKRS OF AMERICA.
Last Thursday night Court Sutro
Heights had an unusually large attend
ance, and on that occasion there was
work in the conferring of degrees and
an election for physician for the court.
There being two candidates, considerable
work was done by the supporters of
each. The ballots disclosed the fact
that the membership had by a little more
than a two-third vote elected Dr. L. H.
Gruening for the current term. At the
close of the court business the commit
tee on entertainment presented an ex
cellent programme and a collation for all.
George J. Strong was master of cere
monies and presented many most enter
taining numbers.
The tenth anniversary of Court Golden
West was celebrated by a ball and ban
quet in Odd Fellows' Hall last Thursday
night. About live hundred persona sat
around the festive board.
Court Seal Rock had an old-time so
cial hop last Thursday that was well
attended in Pythian Hall. During the
evening S. A. Earle. who has been
through several of the chairs, and Phil
Gerhardt. who has been the court's treas
urer for six years, were each presented
with a past chief ranger's jewel and cer- \
tificate. There was also presented a
programme of song, music and recita
tion.
THE DRUIDS.
Past Noble Grand Arches Judge George
H. Buck and George W. Lovie were in
this city last week from Redwood City,
and report the order there in good con
dition.
Deputy Grand Arch Frank Lewis of
Pleasanton reports the grove there doing
well.
During the past week Aurora, Peta
luma, Vascn di Gama, Perseverance and
Hesperian groves each initiated two can
didates.
El Dorado Circle held an interesting
meeting last Tuesday, and In the presence
of more than fifty members the degree
was conferred on nine candidates. H. J.
Goller, N. G. A.; John Hutton, D. D.; F.
Wall, N. A. of Hesperian Grove: A. S.
Hall of Modesto and Chief Druidess Frink
of Boadlcea Circle were among the vis
itors.
THE JUNIORS.
The arrangements have been completed
for the patriotic entertainment and ball
to be given on Washington's birthday
under the auspices of the Junior Order of
United American Mechanics and the
daughters of Liberty, in Odd Fellows'
Hall.
The councils of Alameda County have
made arrangements to celebrate the day
in grand style.
Special Organizer Terry Is at work or
; ganlzing councils in Elmhurst, San Ma
j teo and San Leandro.
The State councilor left on last Friday
for a trip to the southern part of the
State to visit the Councils In Los An
geles, San Diego, Riverside, Redondo and
Redlands.
| KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF HONOR.
The masquerade ball that was given
Tuesday evening by Yerba Buena Lodge
In San Jo«e was a most enjoyable affair,
that was attended by a very large num
i ber of the friends of the members. There
; was excellent music, plenty of innocent
: sport, and during intermission between
| dances there were presented numbers of
I a musical programme. At midnight the
members and guests partook of a colla
tion. The committee that had charge of
j the affuir was: W. F,^Bolllnger. D. J.
! Gairand, J. E. O'ConnflP, M. McCarthy
and the Misses Burieman.
RATHBONE SISTERS.
At the lant held meeting of San Fran
cisco Temple of the KatMtine Sisters, the
members were surprised' by the entrance
of J. Doisron of Mars Lodge, K. of P.,
wno, bn of that body, presented
the terhple a beautiful silk American flag.
Ida M. Brock, It. E. C, on behalf of the
temple, accepted me gift and returned
thanks to the donors. Past Grand Cmef
Mrs. Hill of Weaver Temple of Minneap
olis, Minn., present as a visitor, recited
a poem appropriate to the occasion. A
banquet followed the presentation and
the Hag- occupied a place at the head of
the table. I
FRIENDS OF THE FOREST.
Pioneer Lodge of the Friends of the
Forest had a very pleasant time last
Thursday night at the Valentine party
given to its friends and members in St.
George's Hall. This lodge has recently
received a number of applications for
membership.
THE OLD FRIENDS.
The officers of the Old Friends will be
installed in Old Friends' Hall on the
evening of the 23d inst., and the event
will be followed by a smoker.
A Monument for McComb.
A massive twenty-foot monument has
just been erected over the resting place
of the late General John McComb In the
Masonic Cemetery. Some intimate friends
of the late veteran recently conceived the
idea of erecting a shaft to his memory.
A committee consisting of S. W. Backus,
A. P. Williams, C. Mason Kinne, Robert
A. Friedrieh, and Callaghan Byrne was
appointed to select a suitable design and
raise funds. They have been very suc
cessful and the monument is almost paid
for. The dedication ceremonies will prob
ably take place on Decoration day.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Isadora Dillon, wife of Edward Dillon, to Ed
ward Dillon Jr., all interest In lot on E line of
Webster street, 115 N of Slitter, N 22:6 by X
137:6; $10.
Pauline E. Townes (Henn) to William Otto
Henn, lot on N line of Clay street, 25 W of
Flllmore. TV 25 by N 102:8>4-
John Cardozo to Mary \\ . Cardozo, lot on S
line of Page street, 165 E of Broderlck, E 27:6
by S 137:6; gift.
Joseph Harris to George and Pauline Harris,
lot on E line of Castro street, 76:6 S of Twen
ty-third, S 25 by E 105; gift.
E. P. E. Troy, Charles and Ida M. Sproule to
McClelland Gllmore, lot on E line of Home
stead street, 110 S of Twenty-fourth, S 25 by E
106: $10.
Thomas and Ann Connelly to James Hogan,
lot on S line of Bernard street, 91:6 W of Tay
lor, W 23 by S 60; $10.
John and Susy Lee to Henry Kohler, lot on
SW corner of Lombard and Stockton streets, S
63:6 by W 87:6; $10.
Anna L. and George Whittell to Leopold and
Joseph Hlrsch, lot on W line of Stockton street,
100 N of Valle*>. N 31 by W 66; $10.
Mary L. Swain to John J. and Ellen Fuller,
lot on N line of Nevada (Twenty-third) street,
SO W of Kansas, W 25 by N 100; $10.
Adolph Sutro to City and County of San
Francisco, lot on BW corner of First and H
streets, S 71 NW at an angle of 66 degrees
32 minutes with W First 72, thence on a line
curving to left with a radius of 465.625 to S line
of H street at a point 42 E Second avenue, E
198, containing an area or 6,010 square feet, a
portion of block No. 672. Made on condition
that Frederick street, this day conveyed by
Market Street Railway Company, be connected
and continued into H street within a year; $1.
Market Street Ratlway Company to City and
County of San Francisco, lot on NE corner of
First and Frederick. N 72, thence SE at an
angle of 66 degrees 12 minutes with E line of
First avenue 20 feet, thence on a curve to left
with a radius of 465.625 feet to point on N line
of Frederick street. 257:2 E of First avenue,
thence W to beginning, containing an area of
6045 9quare feet, a portion of block 714. Reserv
ing right to construct railroad as an adjunct
to and connection between Its existing lines
of railroad upon H and Frederick streets
(same conditions); $1.
Estate of Sarah Alexander, by Joseph Hemp
hill, executor, to John E. Beck, lots 14 to 18,
Mi,,k 9, Flint tract. Homestead Association;
Francis M. Hawley to Anna O'Connor, wife
of Peter P. O'Connor, lot on E line of Athens
street, 200 S of Brazil. S 25 by E 100, block 73,
Excelsior Homestead.
Alameda County.
Anna X" Benedict to Newton Benedict, lot on
E line of Ktrkham street. 157:6 SW of Twelfth.
S 3^:fi hy E 115, block MO, Oakland; $10.
Afiam McAuley to Mary McAuley, lot on W
line of Grove street, 95 N of Thirty-eighth, N
i 50 by W 125, being lot 12. block C, Apirar tract,
Oakland annex; gift.
Richard Harms to Elmar Harms, lot on N
Une of Parsons street, 1«6:68 W of Adeline, W
i 100 by N 4n, being lot 11 block C, J. F. McEl
rath tract, Oakland annex; 110.
Henry G and Elizabeth Flake to Hattle F.
Dewing wife of S. Dewing. B.M acres \V of
Sliattuc'k avenue. 44 N of center line of Tem
escal Creek, or 20675 N from center line of
' r-rivate drive leading from Shattuek avenue to
residence of J. F. McElrath, thence S\V 701.03,
NW 330 NE 719.09 to W Shnttuck avenue,
thence &E 330.35 to beginning, being a portion
nf lots 4S and 96, Ro. V. ana D. Peralta tract,
Oakland annex; $10
A and Mathilde M. Koenlg to Edward Iten,
lot on N line of Forest avenue. 123 E of Center
street E 61:6 by N 102:5, being lot 5, block C,
property Berkeley Homestead Association,
Berkeley; $10.
Francis L.. Smith to Adelaide D. Harding,
'< wife of R. J. Harding, lot on 8 line of Pacific
1 avenue 101:3 V>' 9t. Charles, W 36 by S 150,
Alameda; subject to mortgage; $300.
Mary C. Rodricks to Antonio Francisco. 5.5S
acres, beginning at a point on SB line 10-acre
tract of Rodricks. by deed of September 16,
1867 said point of beginning being W corner
lands of Rose and N corner lands of Clark.
thence SW 1232:3 feet. NW 195.42 feet. NE
1232 3 feet. BE 19542 feet to beginning, Wash
ington Township; $1.
Harry E. Strang to Anna Strang, lot on S
line of Ray street, 379:3 E of Main, E 50 by S
IS3 being a portion of plot 3, Juan Pablo Ber
i nai, portion Raneho El Valle de San Jose,
I Murray Township: $150. „.
Michael J. Ryan to Esther Jaoobsen, lot on
N line of Sixth street. 75 E of Clay, E 25 by N
100 block 67, Oakland; $10.
Ira A Boynton to Timothy B. Smith, lot on
i N line of Virginia street, 100 W of Euclid ave
nue W 50 by N 125, being lot 17, block 7, Da-
I ley'B Scenic Psrk tract, Berkeley; $10.
i Addie F. Small to Mary Ronald3on. guardian,
: lot on N Une of Woolsey street, 350 W of Ca
; lals, W 60 by N 135, being lot 8, block O. Har
mon tract, Berkeley; $41.
Frederic P. Barker to M. W. Haskell, lot on
: S line of Bancroft Way, 115 E of Shattuck aye
! nue, E B0 by S 130, being lot 11, block 14, Col
lege Homestead. Berkeley; subject to mort
[ gage for $750; $10.
Ercole and Melissa A. Negroni to Commercial
'< Building and Loan Association. San Francisco
lot on § line of Murray street. 1660 W of San
Pablo avenue, W 80 by S 100, being lots 44 and
46, Potter tract. Berkeley; $10.
M. W. Haskell to James I>. Barker, lot on
NE corner of Piedmont and Bancroft ways, E
149.83, N 89, W 137.86. thence on a curve 8
90.18 to beginning, being a portion of subdi
vision Benton property, Berkeley; $10.
Carrie B. Jump to Helen T. Decker, lot on N
line of Palmetto street, 40 TV of Boston avenue,
W 40, X 59.75, E 25, 8 8.75, E 15, S 80 to begin
ning, being lot 88, block A, map of subdivision
portion of blocks I, A, E and F, revised map of
Prospect Hill tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Builder*' Contracts.
George 7. Beverldge by Ruth C. Bwerldge,
attorney (owner), to Z. O. Field (contractor),
architects. Tharp & Holmes; excavating, grad
ing:, brick, carpenter and mill work, tinning
and metal owrk, mantels, plastering, rough
hardware, painting and electric work for two
two-story frame dwellings, with attic and
basement, on N line of Jackson street, 225 W
of Walnut, N 127:SH by W 812: $8565.
Mrs. N. M. Lund (owner) with William Hel
bing (contractor and architect); all work for a
two-story frame building on S linn of Fell
street, 100 W of Broderick, 25 by 137:6; $4500.
Caroline B. 'Watson, by attorney (owner),
with W. H. Bagge (contractor), architect, Al-
Bert Button; all work for a two-story, attic and
basement frame residence on Laguna and
Clay. W 60 by 8 127:5V4: $9000.
W. H. Cameron (owner) with Marcuse &
Remmel (contractors), architect, J. W. John
ston; all work for a twrvstory frame building
on E line of Second avenue, 160 S of Clement,
S 25 by E 121.
EXPLANATION.
The arrow files with the wind. The top fig
ures at station indicate maximum temperature
for the days; those underneath It, If any, the
! amount of rainfall, of melted snow In Inches
and hundredths during the past twelve hours.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; Isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
I temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric preßsure and is usually accompanied
by fair weather; "low" refers to low pres
sure and Is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure Is high in the interior and low
along the coast, and the Isobars extend north
and south along the coast, rain Is probable;
but when the "low" Is Inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is Im
probable. With a "high" In the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
In summer and colder weather In winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 13, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same
date last season and rainfall during the past
twenty-four hours:
Past This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0 21.73 33. 2S
Red Bluff 0 9.26 19.%
Sacramento 0 6.84 13.35
Pan Francisco 0 6.86 16.32
Fresno 0 3.23 8 12
San Luis Obispo 0 3.88 15.25
Los Angeles 0 4.11 11.42
San Diego 0 3.3S 7.96
Tuma 0 1.26 4.81
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
68; minimum, 61; mean, 60.
An area of high pressure overlies Nevada,
Utah and Southern Idaho. An area of low
pressure, which was central this morning over
Northern Washington, Is moving overland
along the frontier. During the past twenty
four hours the pressure has fallen about four
tenths of an Inch over Northern Montana and
Assinntboia. There has been a slight rise off
the Oregon coast.
The temperature has risen generally over the
country west of the Rocky Mountains.
Throughout California the temperatures are
from 5 to 20 degrees above the normal.
Light rain has fallen over the extreme north
ern portion «f the Pacific 81ope.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Fort Canby, 46 miles per hour, from
the sotitheast; Portland, 36, south; Spokane,
62, south.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. February 14. 1S98:
Northern California— Fair Monday; cooler In
the Sacramento Valley; southerly winds.
Southern California— Fair Monday; northerly
winds.
Nevada— Fair Monday.
Utah — Cloudy Monday.
Arizona — Fair Monday; continued warm
weather.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monday;
northerly, changing tn southerly, winds.
Special report from Mt. TamaJpais— Clear;
wind northwest, 12 miles per hour; tempera
ture, 60; maximum temperature. 63.
ALEXANDER McADIE.
Local Forecast Official.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
l
t~~\
la.
6
"IT
Mo
7
1
8
We
2
9
3
11
'.1.
I
13
a
26
Moon's Phases.
©Ifull Moon,
Feb6.
■14
21
28
v
22
!_l6_
23
17
24
Last Quarter
t& Feb. U.
jZ\ New Moon,
\£} Feb. 20. -■
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Pomona ...... ISan Diego.....
Columoia Portland...... .:....
Arcata. Cooaßay
Valencia. Baltimore
Excelsior. . Alaska..
North F0rK..... mimooidt
Umati ) ... . . Victoria & Pueet Sna. ....
HnmboMt Dyea
Mackinaw.....; Tacoma
Proirreso 5eatt1e.....:................
President. Yaqulnaßay...'...;.:.-....
H0mer.....:.... Newport
Newpon ;. Panama..:.........:
Santa R0aa..... S.in Vtiego ........
State oi Cai.... Portiarm ..................
Weeott... Humboldt...
Croeeem City.. Crescent C1W..7...........
Coos Bay ...... Newp0rt....................
City Pnebia. . .. ! Victoria and Pujret Sound
14
v
H
15
v
18
16
it;
i«
16
IT
13
3
i>>
19
19
20
21
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Stkambb. I
Weeott......
Coos Bar.'-
A Blanchrci
Walla Wlla
Arcata.....
SomhCoant
Pomona....
Columbia..
Zealandia..
Htimboldt.
Kxoeislor..
City ofPara
Umatllla ..
Santa Rosa
BtAM of Cal i
numoiui nay.
Newport.
Alaska
Vie & P Sounu
Oooa Ba.v
Alaska
San Dlojfo
U. 9 All
14. 'JAM
14, 10 am
.16, 10 AM
15. 10 AM
18. 6 I'M
16. 11 AM
17. 10 A M
17. 2 PM
17 ......
17. 1} M
13. 12.. M
20.10 AM
10, 11 AM
33. 10 AM
Pier 11
Pier 13
Pier a
Pier 13
Ptcr 11
Pier 24
Pier 7
PM V SB
Pier V
Pier U
I Pier H
j Portland
Honolulu
Alanka
Alaska
Panama
Vie & P(f t Snd
San D'.egro
Portland
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Tlmea and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, Entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by Official Au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and tow waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide Is the same at both place*.
FEBRUARY- 13US.
Monday. February 14.
Snn rises B:ll
Snn sets 5:33
Moon rises 1:87 A.M.
iBY»M
1
H
......
I
NOTE.— In the above exposition of the tides
Uie early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of, the
day in the order of occurrence an to t>me. Ths
second time column gives tTie second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column fives the
last tide of the day, except when then are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
?iven are additions to the soundings on the
Jntted States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height
and then the number given is subtractive from
the d»pth given by the charts.
AUCTIONJALES.
EMIL COHN, Auctioneer.
Office ■ warerooms, ■ 785 ' Mission Bt.; tel. Clay
.47. Better than Klondike. I will sell $4000
worth of. stationery, periodicals, school sup-
plies, - etc., ; formerly belonging to MR. EIN-
TRACHT, at 713 Larkln st. ...
Wednesday. Thonday, Friday. Feb. 16, 17, 18.
Commencing each day nt 11 a. m. Particu-
lars In Tuesday and Wednesday papers.
EMIL COHN, Auctioneer.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
' A branch of the United States Hydrographla
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, la
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit ot
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense. •
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit tha
office, ■• where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world- are kept' on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always |be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matter*
or Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on top of the bulldlner on Tele
graph Hill is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon and is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian,'
, by telegraphic signal received each day fron»
the United States Naval Observatory at Mar«
Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether tne tlm# ball was
dropped on time or giving the error. If any. IS
published the same day by the afternoon pa
pers, . and by the morning papers the following
<S.y. •;;,• .'• W. S. HUGHES. %
• >/ .- ■ Lieutenant. V. 3. N.. In cbarg*.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
. Sunday, February IS. •
Br stmr Gaelic, Finch, 29 days 20# hours fm
Hongkong, via Yokohama 17 days 17% hours,
via Honolulu 6 days 15»4 hour*,,
Btmr Willamette, Hansen, $5 hours from
Seattle.
Btmr Laguna, . Peterson, 48 hours from Hue
heme. Up river direct.
Stmr Empire, Nelson, 65 hours from. Coos 4
Bay. «.'
: Stmr Cleone, Walvlg, 16 hours from Albion.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 24 hours rom; Mosa
Landing. ' . .
Stmr Sunol, Bettmers, 19 hours from Ural.
Bktn Mary Wlnkleman, Benneckp, 15 day«
from Kahulul.
Schr Robert Lewers, Goodman, 17 days from
Honolulu.
Bchr La Chllena, Campbell, 10 hours from
Fort Ross.
Schr. ettie Sundborg, Johnson, 7 days from
Eureka.- ••;■'.
Schr Archie and Fontle, Colstrup, 24 houra
from Stewarts Point.
Schr Mary Buhne, Ramsellus, 5 days from
Eureka. •
. Schr Sparrow, Dart. 11 days from Eureka.
Schr Orient, Sanders. IS ■ days from Wlllapa
Harbor.- .
" Schr San Buenaventura, Turloff, 20 days fm
Grays Harbor. - •
Sohr Mary C, Campbell, 8 hours fm Bodega.
Schr Mary Etta, Nyman, 24 hours from Flsks
Mill. ;.-•--■•-■.
BAILEn.
,• Sunday, February 13.
Stmr Homer, Jessen, Eureka.
Stmr Geo Loomla, Brldgett, Ventura.
. TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS—Feb 13, 10 p. m.— Weather
thick; wind W: velocity 12 miles.
MEMORANDUM.
Per Sunol— Returned to port on account of
breaking breast and dragging head moorings.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Feb 13-Stmr Point
Arpna. from Mendoclno. . ■
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Feb 13— Str
Greenwood, from Greenwocd. ■ .
SEATTLE:— Arrived Feb Stmr .Lakme, -fm
Roche Harbor: Btmr Signal, from Alaska-
Sailed Feb 13 — Stmr Hueneme.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Feb Schr
Vega, hence Feb 3. ■
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Feb . Stmr
Portland, hence Feb 8.
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb 13— Stmr Lakme. fm
Dutch Harbor.
TATOOSH— Passed Feb 13— Bark , Fresno, fm
Port Ludlow for Honolulu.?; %
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONOLULU— SaiIed Feb 6— Br bark Gwyn
edd, for Portland, Or, and not on the sth.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb 13— Stmr Paula,
from Rotterdam; stmr Arabia, from Hamburg.
Sailed Feb It— Stmr Spaarndam, for Rotter
dam: Ftmr St Louis, for Newport News. ...
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Feb 13— Stmr Au
ranla, from New York for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded.
. Sailed Feb IS— Stmr Campania, from Liver
pool for New York. •
SClLLY— Passed Feb Stmr La Bretagne,
forHavre^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
§I)r. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KGAR9TT XT. Established
I In 1854 for the treatment of Private
' Diseases, L*mt Man hood. Debility or
I disease wearing on bodyand mind and
Skin Diseases. The doctorcureswben
otbers fall. Try him. Charges low.
<'arr«s;uar:iiitr»U. Callorwrite.
' Dr. J. jr. uIBBOA. Box 1057, San Francisco. :
j =
OCEAN TBAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CO.
Steamers leave Broadway wharf, /b-ytt.
San Francisco, as follows: gWTJff
- For ports in Alaska. 10 a. m., Feb. 6, 10, 20,
25, and every fifth day thereafter.
• For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C). Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
N>w Whatcom (Belllngham Bay, Wash.), 10
a. m., Feb. 6, 10, 16, 20, 25, and every fifth day
thereafter, ' connecting at Seattle with com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry., at
Tacoma with N. P. Ry., at Vancouver wlta
C. P. Ry. .
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), steamer Ho-
mer, 10 a. m., Feb. 13. 19, 25. March 8, », 15.
21. 27, and every sixth day thereafter. .
For Santa Cru«, Monterey, San Simeon. Ca-
yucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Gavl-
Ota, Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme. San
Pedro, . East Ban Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. Feb. 2,. «. 10. 14, 18. U, JB,
and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stoppinr only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11
a. m..-Feb. 4, 8. 12. 16, 20, 24, 28, and every
fourth day thereafter. '
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Masatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Ro-
I salia and Guaymaa (Mex.) 10 a. m., March 8,
April 3, and 2d of each month thereafter. !
■ The ' company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing datea
and h"«rs of FalUng. ..
TICKET OFFICE— Palace Hotel. 4 New
Montgomery st. ' ■~ i *-.* s ?HS»«jhSBE
GOOD ALL. PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agts..
;• *; ;'. '■ . 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
TBE 0. R. & N. CO.
JSISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
FABF *12 First Class Including Borta
TAIIE jt 8 Second Clas« and Meal*
/ .SCHEDULE OF SAtLTNGS:
State of California ........Jan. 28, Feb. 2, 12. St
Columbia:....'.. ......Jan. 28, Feb. 7, 17, 17
Through tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern points. Rates and folders upon appli-
cation to F. F. CONNOR. General Agent.
' 630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS ft CO..
4 . . : : ■.. .- V . Superintendents.' ■
ammsiwifam s. s. Australia.
aW^^MdHaaH&C for HONOLULU only.
■ Jtfß i *• Thursday, February
B^>» BM 17 - at 2P- m - Special
fHWIIIIfIfI -B- AUSTRALIA.
fnr HONOLULU only.
•t"* B ""» Thursday, February
U ™ . 17, at 2 p. m. Special
KW»SfMHl sninc) The S. S. MARTPOSA
CylCfllllJlllr' 1 - , alls vla HONOLULU
fSHr {OfflFWfty-iiii ■' AUCKLAND for
'tgOjr./-' "■■:.- • lyilfiUHq* SYDNEY, Wednesday.
February 23. at 2 p. m.
Line to COOLOARDIE, Australia, and CAPB
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & 3R09. CO.. Agents.
114 Montgomery street
* Freight Office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
Compagnie General? Transatlantiqas.
• French ■ Lin 9 to Havre.
Company's -' Jfier <i>e *)• ii / North r-j-rsf-
River, foot of- : 'orton st. Travelers <3QrQ>
by this : line - avoid ; both transit • by Jwwi." I*'»1 * '»
1 English railway and the dhioomfort of crossing
'■. the channel In a small boat. New Tork to
Alexandria, Egypt, vu I'-.-la. first class 11(0.
second class $118. :
i LA BRETAONB..........Dacember 11. 19 a. ta.
LA GASCOGNE ...December 18. 10 a. nu
LA NORMANI>IE December 35. 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE January 1, 10 a. n.
U*. BRET A0NE............ January 8. 14 a. m
: For further particulars apply to
. . . A. FORGET, Agent. ,
'f- Ji^K? "■ ■-■■■ No. I. Bowling Green, New York. -
' 3. F. FTTGAZI it CO.. Agent*. 5 Montgomery
ay«.. San Francisco. -■■■ ■■•-' j" ....■.■ ■
: STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier : No. 3. Washington [ St.. at Q
■.-.■... ■■■'.' - > "' ':. p. m. Daily. ; ■
FREIGHT RtOEIVKD VJk- TO 5:30 P. U.
. Accommodation* reserved by telephone. .-.
' The only line selling through ticket* and gtv. .
Ing through freight rate* to ail polnta on me -
V^ y * 2lr ~ d - STEAMERS: - : ,::";:•
T. C. WALKER. , .: J. P. PitTEHg,
MART GARR ATT. CTTT OF BTOCKTOIt,
Telephone Main 80S : CaL Nar. and Impt. Co.
For San Jose, Los Gatos & Santa Cruz
? Steamer Alviso : leaves Pier 1 dally ' (Sunday*
excepted) at 10 a. m. : Alviso dally (Saturday*
czeepted) at 6 p. m. Freight and Passengers.
Par* between San Francisco and Alvlao. 50a; I
to Ban Joa*. 75c. aay street. Plar 1. 41 NorU I
yint street. Baa^ Jo**.. -~ ■-./. -^i/ :■•./■. -y : -r.-.-.
FOR U.S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer " Monticello" ;
WITI He up to receive new boiler and general
overhauling on February l, and resume her
route en March 1 HATCH BROsV
910
TO THE MEMORY OF LINCOLN
Religious Exercises Held in Various Churches
Throughout the City to Commemorate a *
Great Day-Sermons on a Hero's
Life and Works,
rr\ HE anniversary of Lincoln's birth was solemnly and appropriately com
memorated yesterday in the churches throughout the city, many laudable
[ tributes of respect and veneration for his memory being delivered from the
X-ulpit in eulogium of his life and character. Many children Joined In the
choral services.
In addition to the insertion of a Te Deum In the usual religious services,
many of the Protestant and Methodist Episcopal churches had arranged com
plete programmes of memorial exercises for observance in the evening: in place
of the usual ceremonies. These exercises consisted for the most part of pa
triotic songs, prayers and religious hymns.
Among the various churches that dedicated special services to the memory
of Lincoln's birth were the following:
CALIFORNIA M. E. CHURCH.
Rev. J. W. Phelps— Yesterday brought
us once morthto the birth of Abrahin:
Lincoln. That this day is crowded with
associations at gTave import to the c'.ri
zens of our republic no one will deny.
Not opposing armies merely, but oppos
ing ideas confronted each other on tho
battle field.
The victory of our cause has dimmed
the jewels in every crown and has vin
dicated the right of the people every
where to govern themselves.
Whenever a crisis has arisen in na
tional affairs there has always been given
us the man to meet it.
It has pleased God in his wise and good
providenoe to give to this republic in the
last third of a century a mofrt sovereign
man — one "whose name constitutes one of
the twelve or fourteen really great names
that will survive all times and civiliza
tions—and that man is Abraham Lin-
coin.
The whole spirit of his life is disclosed
during that period of his career when
a young man on the Western frontier.
He was exceedingly fond of outdoor
athletic sport, but he never could have
his full share In any of the races, con
flicts or games; because his comrades
were constantly choosing him to act In
the position of judge. He was consid
ered too just an umpire to act as cham
pion.
It was Lincoln who wrote, "T never
willingly planted a thorn in any man's
bosom." It was Lincoln who so fairly
stated the other side to the Jury that his
clients feared he would concede away
their cause. It was Lincoln who. In a
dark and stormy hour, wrote these words:
"Let us hold fast the faith that right
makes might; and in that faith let us
dare to do our duty to the end as we
understand it." These are words that
will be quoted centuries and centuries
hence.
These packed proverbs, these wonder
ful sayings of Abraham Lincoln will
henceforth be a part of the imperishable
literature of mankind. Have you for
gotten his sympathy with the suffering?
Have you forgotten his calm reliance
on the vitality and Invincibility of moral
forces?
PLYMOUTH CONGREGA
TIONAL.
Every effort had been made by the Rev.
T. B. Cherrington. pastor of this church,
to make the religious celebration in honor
of the anniversary of Lincoln day a mem
orable event in the history of the church
and a service long to be remembered by
the congregation.
The church was crowded with enthusi
astic worshipers, whose only thought was
That of appropriately dedicating their of
ferings ot prayer to the honor and eternal
rest of one of the greatest souls that this
country has ever recorded among its citi
zens during its brief history.
A special invitation had been extended
to the Grand Army comrades, and judg
ing by the large number who responded
this special mark of consideration was
more than appreciated by them.
The old soldiers joined in the patriotic
songs with a vim and enthusiasm which
was prompted by a recollection of the
martial airs which at one time goaded
them on to victory. The services were
concluded with a Te Deum sung by the
entire congregation.
THIRD CONGREGATIONAL.
The Rev. William Rader. pastor of this
church, chose, as. did many of hie brother
ministers, Lincoln's life as the subject
m,ost appropriate for description in con
nection w:th the religious memorial exer
cses - In consequence of the character of
the address a large audience assembled In
the early part of the evening and by the
unusual applause which they manifested
during the course of the exercises the en
tire programme was thoroughly enjoyed.
The service was concluded in the usual
SSiSyS S" on ° f PrayCT3 and the
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS,
Lieutenant Robert Abernethy, U. S A
is a guest at the Occidental.
C. W. Tryon, a wealthy mining man of
Angels, is a guest at the Grand.
C. L. Donohue. a prominent attorney of
Willows, and wife are at the Lick.
E. S. Simpson, a Seattle capitalist, is at
the Palace with his wife and two daugh
ters.
Captain Thomas Maclay, a well-known
business man of Petalunia, is staying at
the Lick.
F. B. Steams, a popular club man of
Boston, has taken rooms at the Baldwin
for a few days.
E. H. Jeffrey, president of the Denver
and Rio Grande Railroad, is registered at
the Palace from his home in Denver.
Sir William Williams and party arrived
on the Gaelic yesterday and are at the'
Palace. Sir William is connected with the
House of Lords.
T. B. McGovern. a well-known commls-
Blon merchant and broker of New York
City, Is at the California on a pleasure
trip to the coast.
B. F. Hassett. who has been out to
Singapore in the Interests of a Philadel
phia Iron house, arrived yesterday and
■went to the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. Samuel J. Magarge. prom
inent society people of Philadelphia are
at the Palace, where they arrived yester
day on a tour of California.
J. E. Bantwer
1b a gentleman
largely interested
In mining prop
erties, and has
occasion in the
conduct of his
enterprises t o
\J \J \J \J \J KJ KJ
DUFFY
GOT THE
CASES.
employ a large number of laboring men.
Hfs wife is somthlng of a society woman,
and the weekly tea-drinking seances
•which she holds in her hotel are always
well attended by the solemn-visaged ma
trons who compose the ultra-select cir
cle of swell San Francisco. Bantwer has
among his other employes a character
named Duff3\ who, when sober. Is a flrst
class man, but whose love for the frothy
steam and the exhilarating tanglefoot
causes him to be discharged periodically.
A short time ago Duffy got up against it,
and, as usual, received his conge. He left
the vicinity of the mine, where he had
been working, and nothing was heard of
him until last Wednesday, when a knock
came at the door of Mrs. Bantwer*s room,
where she was sitting with a few of her
most severely critical friends discussing
the latest developments in the Sallsbury-
Greenway feud. Almost immediately the
portal opened, and through It floated
about as hard a looking character as the
Barbary Coast could produce. Not one
whit abashed by the looks of abhorrence
and disgust that greeted him he advanced
to the middle of the room, and, addreas
SIMPSON MEMORIAL.
A special programme was arranged by
the pastor. Rev. R. J. Stephens, last even
ing to take the place of the usual Sun
day night service. The programme con
sisted of patriotic 'exercises and relig
ions hymns, which proved to be not only
enjoyable, but also interesting and In
structive.
In addition to the memorial service
the pastor delivered a sermon on the sub
ject of the public career of Lincoln. The j
address was well delivered and the ex- \
amples held up by the preacher as worthy ,
of imitation were many and various.
The programme of exercises was de- j
livered as follows: Voluntary, national !
melodies. Professor Bogart; opening an- I
them, the choir; hymn. 1092, congrega- i
tion; anthem, "Te Deum Laudamus," by !
the choir: scripture reading, by the pas
tor; music, "Hail Columbia." by the choir !
and Sunday-school; Gettysburg address, !
Frank Robison; hymn, 1103, congrega- I
tion; offertory, organ solo, selected; mv- |
sic, "Red, White and Blue," tenor solo, '
choir and Sunday-school; address, Rev. i
John Stephens; "Star Spangled Banner," j
soprano soio. Miss Alma Berglund; hymn,
1089, congregation; postluTie, '•Triumphal
March From 'Xamaan.' "
CENTRAL METHODIST.
The most novel subject chosen by a. i
minister from the many laudable traits of I
Lincoln's character was based upon the '
query, "Was He a Christian?" This is a \
subject seldom taken into consideration in i
the exemplary life of the martyr and in j
consequence much interest was "manifest- i
ed as to what argument the preacher [
would advance in determining the doubt. '
In addition to the usual service special j
prayers were said and hymns sung in |
honor of the occasion.
FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH.
Rev. E. A. Wood preached on "The Life
and Character of Abraham Lincoln."
From the commencement of the ex
pansion of this subject the preacher en
deavored to place before his congrega- j
tion the many laudable traits of the I
martyr's character and the many re- I
markable and unusual incidents which ;
distinguished both his private and pub
lic career.
At the conclusion of the sermon a well
arranged programme of memorial ser
vices was rendered, being participated In
by the members of the entire congrega
tion.
The choir was specially augmented for
the occasion, there being in addition to
the usual number many talented and
noted singers.
FIRST CHURCH, OAKLAND.
Rev. E. R. Dllle, pastor of the First M.
E. Church, Oakland, and post chaplain of
the Department of California, G. A. R.,
addressed the Sons of Veterans. O. A. R.
and W. R. C. members last night. There
was special music by the choir, while the i
platform and choir loft were tastefully j
decorated with the national flag. A por- j
trait of Abraham Lincoln occupied a
prominent position beside the pulpit. The
attendance was so large that many were
turned away. Dr. Dille's text was taken ;
from Hebrews, eleventh chapter and part i
of the fourth verse, "He being dead, yet
speaketh." He said he spoke for the Sons '
of veterans, sons of illustrious sires who
were banded together to keep green the
memory of those who had defended their
country in the hour of need. The mem
bers of the G. A. R. could die knowing
that in case of another war there were
those who would fill the places held by
them In former years. Abraham Lincoln
was great because he did his humble duty
In a lowly place. When God would make '
a great man. he first made a great moth- i
er. No great man has ever been born of i
a. woman of poor stock. So with Lincoln '
his mother was a true, grand woman.
ing Mrs. Ban'twer, said: "Me frin' Duffy
has bin on der worstest drunk dat yer
ever saw, an' he is too proud ter put
himself on der charity list of der best
man llvin', but he tole me f cum an' see
yer as yer was a old frin' of his an' would
let him have th' loan of er couple of
cases till he sobers up."
Duffy's friend got the "cases" in a
hurry, but his visit broke up the party
and procured for the management of the
hotel a roast from the hostess that was
more than warm.
J. A. Cruikshank, general superinten
dent of the Mutual Reserve Fund Life
Association, New York, is visiting the
coast, and is staying at the Palace.
H. T. Daniel, agent at Shanghai for the
Pacific Mail and O. and O. Steamship
companies, arrived yesterday on the
Gaelic en route to England on a vacation.
T. B. McGovern. a prominent commis
sion merchant of New York, arrived from
the East last evening and is registered at
the California. He is a member of the
firm of Delafleld, McGovern & Cassell.
Baron de Batz. a mining engineer, ar
rived from the East last evening with his
frieni, V. yon Grot, and is registered at
the Palace. The Baron is traveling for
pleasure and will leave for Europe in a
few days.
Lieutenant C. Hampton, an officer on H.
M. S. Powerful, arrived on the Gaelic and
is staying at the Palace. He is a brother
of the captain of that vessel and is also
a brother of .Lord .Durham of the English
Admiralty.
Karl Bohr, a lieutenant of the Danish
navy. Is one of those who arrived yester
day on the Gaelic and went to the Palace.
He Is on his way home to his native coun
try, after having passed a long period of
service in Oriental waters.
G. F. Richardson, master of transporta
tion for the Southern Pacific, who has
been spending hia vacation in the Sand
wich Islands, arrived yesterday on the
steamer Gaelic. He was accompanied on
tils trip by Mrs. Richardson.
Two men-o'
war's men. with
a considerable
number of large
wads In their
magazines, were
tacking up Mar
ket street last
THOUGHT
THE WAITER
WAS JOSHING.
; evening when the lights of the Palace
| Grill attracted their attention, and they
j stood in for provisions. They seemed
I to have plenty of money in their pockets,
I bo when they got inside they were po
j litely received and given a table, while
j an obsequious waiter stood ready at their
; side to receive their order. They took
I the menu and carefully scanned it, but
It proved too much for them, and one
of them finally asked the waiter to pick
out something that would go all right
for a late supper. The waiter picked
up the card and after a glance suggested
a canvas back duck. "Canvas back
duck?" repeated the oldest of the two.
"I never heard of that kind o* a blri
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1898.
before and I think you are trying to give
me some slack. But it is all right; only
tell me, how the devil did you know I
was a sail-maker?" _i
PACIFIC COASTERS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Feb. 13.— Mrs. J. N.
Dolph, widow of the late ex-Senator
Dolph of Oregon, expects to leave in
several weeks for Portland, to remain
there until June, when she will probably
Bail for Europe. Contrary to her earlier
plans, Miss Ruth Dolph will not come to
Washington before the latter part of
April. There is universal regret at the
sudden departure of Major and Mrs.
Lewis Smith. They left Saturday for San
Francisco, the home of Mrs. Smith, which
is one of the beautiful mansions that
adorn Presidio Heights. Mrs. Smith was
one of the most charming young matrons
at Washington barracks.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Feb. 13.-J. Whltaker of
San Francisco 1b at the Gilsey House,
and M. J. Kennedy of San Francisco is at
the Murray Hill Hotel.
ARTILLERY PROMOTIONS.
Retirement of Majors Chester and
Smith, TJ. S. A., Advance
Younger Officers.
Promotion in the. artillery is a subject
that engages unusual attention in army
circles, as advancement in that branch
of the service is nof by any means rapid.
Yesterday the wires flashed congratula
tory messages to several young officers
!at the Presidio when Major Ches
: ter. Third Artillery, retired, but this did
j not cause excitement, as his retirement
I was slated. V. hen. a private message
was received by wire from Washington,
1 D. C, that Major Smith of the Fourth
I Artillery had asked to be retired much
interest was manuested in the event.
The retirement of Major Chester pro
. motes Arthur Murray, First Artillery, to
I captain and promotes Captain Van An
' druss to the rank of major. The retire
! merit of Major Smith will promote Cap
| tain Frank W. Hess, Battery 1,, Third
I Artillery, Alcatraz, to the rank of major
! and will advance First Lieutenant Wil
liam E. BirkW»er, Third Artillery, to
1 the grade of captain. Two additional
! second lieutenants of the Third Artillery
i will also go up a notch, and lieutenants
| above them will go higher.
Sunday at the Park.
Thousands of people enjoyed the sun,
the flowers and the music at Golden Gate
Park yesterday. Early In the day the
throngs began to gather In the city's
pleasure ground and out at the beach,
and by 2 o'clock. vahen the musical pro
gramme commenced, the shaded walks
I were jammed with humanity. Notwith
standing the crowds no accidents oc
curred to cast its shadow on the pleasure
of the day. One horse out on the road
near the Cliff House made a feeble at
tempt to run away, but was caught by a
mounted policeman, and the occupants of
the buggy which it drew escaped with a,
Headache Quickly Cured.
Dr. Davis' Anti-Headache never falls. 25c*
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
C A Molson, Mont |H H Hansen, Ind
3 W Cox, New York !E Butler Jr. N 1"
9 H Henry. San Jose |E T Jeffrey. Denver
j C M Wooster, San Jse i> Stone, New York
■ A B C'nieman * w, Cai A W Esneck, Holyoka
i J Hills, Wisconsin P A Pucey, Detroit
| V E Allison. LoulsvllejT C Drake & w, 111
W G Irwln. w, c &md, |A McClellan & w, Mas
! Honolulu A McClellan. w, Mass
C A Lemp, St. Louis ,W H Hartland, Eng
! G F Bulen. New York 'H Sutherland, China
n P Arnold. Salt LakelH W Daniels, China
iX, C Mulr. Stanford IE A S Watt. Sydney
| B H Blank, N V IL W Barrln*er. Phlla
C H Souther, Boston D M Barringer, Phila
S Matlock. Los Anjc |L Barringer Jr. Phlla
G W Gtbson. Stanford X Bohr, Copenhagen
J Schwartz. Sta Cruz V Lambton, London
Mrs 8 J Magarge, Pa 8 Talllsh, Japan
S J Magarge, Pa |C E Brown, st Gaelic
R Eldredge. NY L Cohen & w, Oregon
Mrs W Skldmore, NY IB Good & w. N V
J Watson, Pateroon Ij Friday g? w. Pa
J Gutman & w, N V [V O Friday. Pa
W C Wakefleld. Bostniß F Hassett, Pa
H C Dnvls, Denver d, Seattle
S G Simpson, w & 21 P Asoh. Milwaukee
GRAND HOTEL.
C R Hallume, Term IC W Tryon, An&els
T M Rudolph, Lompoc J M White, Stockton
! H Schura. Palo Alto ij L Barham, Red Bluff
i E H Benjamin, Oakld E F Gadle. Stockton
| 3 M Bonner, Stockton ifi A Hubbs. Chlco
, L A Goldschmldt. Cal F Lamberson, Visalla
!W H Ingels. Fresno S M Spaulding. Minn
i D C Reed & d. Cal |W H Spaulding, Minn
Mrs W R Tolles. Cal B Hoyt, Cal
; J M Meseroll, Stocktn :J H Easter-day, Wash
; 6 Israel. Carson W < 'ampb«>ll. Lo« Ang
I D Cobb & w, San Jose'H W Grabb, Cal
Mlbb A Sheridan, Cal .Mrs Worthlngton, Cal
C Lake, Reno
NEW WESTERN HOTEL..
L V Morgan, Sacto J Mathews. Ca'.lstoga
A E Holmes & w Cal R B Fox, Modesto
James Mulroy, Cal J Bartlett. Fresno
G Reed, Davisville Jas Henderson, Cal
H F Nix. Sarto M L McDonald, Colo
J J Cowperthwalte, C II Newman, Cal
Riverside jMlss Penhlll. L A
Kelly & w, L A W A Carroll. S Jose
A Bernard & w Cal ;Mrs Terra, Cal
J Brown, San Jose iC Donaldson. M View
P F Rogers, Merced iR Foley, Cal
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J F Anderson, S Jose Ida E Jones, CaJ
L C Counts, Aiameda.J Williams, S Jose
G B Storm, Boston ' C W Brooks. Stkton
J C Lemon, Chicago 8 G Wright, Buffalo
J W Meyer, >J V ! M J Todd, Buffalo
Alice E Jones, Cal >J A Alice, Seattle
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S*7 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street; open until U:3O o'clock.
N. W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES ,
GOLDEN Gate Commandery No. 16, K. * _
T., Golden Gate building, 625 Sutt'-r Tnir
Special assembly THIS EVEN- fj I
ING, at 7:30 o'clock. The order of the v^ )
. Temple will be conferred. ■ All ■ fraters are
courteously invited.
■ JONATHAN M." PEEL, Em. Com.
WILLIAM T. FONDA, Recorder.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1, Royal m
Arqh Masons,, meets THIS EVENING. J^_
P. M. and M. E. M. degrees. l&Jk
£ H. G. i PRINCE, Secretary. . A^r>
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22, F. and A. m
M. Called meeting THIS : (MONDAY) _A_
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Second j£ Jf
. degree. By order of the W. M. r^^\
. ;■:;...;; G. W. ROOT, Secretary.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260, F. •
and A. M., Franklin Hall 1839 FIU-,J*_
• more st. Third degree THIS (MON- V
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. By /V>
order of the Master. :
• HARRY. BAEHR, Secretary.
AUSTRIAN Benevolent Society— Fu- „_.».
neral delegates of the above-named jfjlfcri
society are hereby notified to as- fTWHjfjr
Bemble at their hall, 413 Sutter St.. WsS|r
THIS DAY (MONDAY),., 8:30
sharp, •to attend the funeral ■'■■. of our late
brother, N. BOLLINGER. By order
M. SCANATICH, President
A. CONNICH, Secretary. < 
RIGGERS and Stevedores' U. A.— All members
• are hereby notified to assemble at their hall
at 8:30 a. :m. THIS: DAY, <to attend the fu-
neral of our - . late employer, . CAPTAIN
THOMAS YOUNG. By order . • --
A. CAMPBELL, President
M. J. MORAN, Sec. P. T.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for ; 14; collections made-
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., room 6; tel. 5580. ; ;
MRS. DR. FISH, ' rm. 2, 116 A OranTave.- el«c^
triclan: alcohol, Turkish > bathe; | unrivaled. \
ROOMS papered from $2 50, and whitened from
$1 up. 239 Third st. and 2808 Twenty-fourth. ...
MRS. STEWERT, genuine steam and cabinet
■ baths. 120V4 : Geary at; ■ room 11. c » oln ec
ROOM-RENTING ■ Bureau, : • room ' 24, ' Flood
; ; building, 4 corner, of Fourth st. ' ,
i MME. :. HANSEN. latest i galvanic , battery • and
cabinet baths., 116 Taylor sf --'/;■.. - -
! ' 'DIVIDEND NOTICES. ;
DIVIDEND No. S3 (forty cents per share) of
the Hutchlnson Sugar Ptantation Company
win be payable at the office of the company,
. 827 Market St., r on and Monday Feb-
ruary 21, 18S8. b Transfer books - will close on
.:;. Tuetflay, February 15. 189 S. at :3: 3 o' clock p; m
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WASTED— I EMALE.
GERMAN, Scandinavian and Irish first-class
servants furnished promptly by J. F. CRO3-
ETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS German cook and laundress de-
sires situation; 2V2 years in last place; city or
country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Butter st.
REFINED woman, with girl 4 years, desires
situation; best reference; city or country.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
DANISH first-class cook; 2 years last place;
understands all branches cooking. MRS.
NORTON, 323 Sutter St.; tel. Green 721.
YOUNG German lady, speaks French, desires
a situation as companion with traveling peo-
ple or invalids or take care of children; is
an experienced housekeeper; understands
sewing and fancy work. Apply or address T.
E., SE. cor. Baker and Lombard sts.
DOMESTICATED lady and good needlewoman
wants daily general housework or plain sew-
ing and mending; moderate terms. Box 1121,
Call office.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wants to do cooking
and downstairs work, and can give city ref-
erences: American family; wages |25. Call
513 McAllister st.
YOUNG woman wants care of children and up-
stairs work; best of references. Call 2013
Broderick st. ™
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation to
do lig-ht housekeeping; city or country. Ap-
ply 423 Hayes St., 10 to 12.
COMPETENT girl wishes a situation to do
general housework; Oakland or Alameda.
Please call 1205 Laguna st.
SWEDISH housegirl; good cook and laundress;
3 years last place; city or country. 323 Sut-
ter St.; telephone Green 721.
AS working housekeeper by English lady; ex-
perienced; age 30; good home; small family.
Box 1122, Call office.
PIANIST, quick reader, wishes position In or-
chestra or music store. Address C, Call
branch office, 339 Hayes st.
2 FRIENDS wish positions as chambermaids
In same hotel; city or country. 1373 Minna
Bt., near Fifteenth.
SITUATION wanted by a competent woman to
do housework, with references; city or coun-
try. Call 759 Mission st.
YOUNG, strong German woman wants wash-
Ing, ironing, cleaning by the day: Jl and car
fare: disengaged Tuesday. 1126^Folsoui^st^
STRONG woman wants work by the day,
washing, ironing or house-cleaning. Apply
11 Kate st.
ELDERLY woman wishes place, city or coun-
try; *8 or $10 a month. 270 Minna st.
W< )MAN wishes work by the day, washing or
house-cleaning. 21 Silver st.
FIRST-CLASS laundress wishes position In
family or institution. Address 1137 Folsom.
WANTED— By refined young girl, position to
do light upstairs work; could act as nursery
governess or do plain sewing; suburbs pre-
ferred. Box 1076. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker would like engage-
ments by the flay; would go into the country.
Dressmaker, 613>^ Eddy St.
GERMAN cook wishes a situation in an Ameri-
can family; Is a good housekeeper. Address
2125 Larkln at.
YOUNG Swedish woman wants general house-
work by the day in respectable families; ex-,
cellent laundress, cook or housecleaner. Ad-
dress D. A., box 1080, Call ofllce.
COMPETENT woman wants a position at gen-
eral housework, city or country. Write or
call room 3, Lafayette House, Jessie St.,
near Second.
DRESSMAKING wanted In families by the
day. MRS. FITZPATRICK. 1618 California.
NEAT young woman, with a girl 4 years, de-
sires situation at housework; $15; city; no
wash; references. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
NEAT, strung German girl wishes situation to
go to Klondike or attend store; good cook
and laundress. Box 1092, Call office.
YOUNG, respectable woman wishes position;
cooking, general housework; willing, reliable;
American family; wages $25. 324 Day st.
DRESSMAKER, good cutter and fitter, would
like a few more engagements in families by
the day or would take work home. Call or
address 1403 Polk St.
WANTED — Position as cook by a competent
woman, by the day or week. Address 136
Sixth St., room 4.
GERMAN woman, good cook, wishes a place
as lunch cook. Address 1218 Folsom st.
DRESSMAKER desires engagements by the
day; all kind? of family sewing; first-class
work. Box V>9'J, Call office.
JAPANESE neat girl wants situation; plain
cooking an.l housework. 2 Eureka place, near
Larkin an! Bush sts.
NEAT, relinbl- woman wishes work by day, or
wi.uld do tight housework with small prlvnte
family. Call or address MRS. F., 657 Howard.
SITUATION wanted by a thoroughly competent
woman as nurse; can take care of an infant
from birth, or an invalid in any kind of
sicknpss; doctor's references; city or country.
Address Competent Nurse. 221 Minna st.
DRESSMAKER would like position in family
by month or week; first-class cutter and fit-
ter; no objection to country. Box 1109, Call.
REFINED young lady would like position as
companion <>r lipht work; wages nominal.
Box 1106, Call Office.
SOBER, middle-aged woman. No. 1 cook,
wants work In a private family; city or coun-
try. 1104 Mission st., room 33.
PIANIST— Quick reader, wishes position in
Call office, 389 Hayes st.
SITUATION wanted by an energetic, capable
German general house servant; several years'
references from past employer. Room 6, 1023
Market st.
SITUATIONS by an excellent private cook and
laundress; meats, pastry and Ices a spe-
cialty; references. 1023 Market st.
SITUATION by a refined young lady as second
girl, nurse or child's governess; wages not
so much an object as good home; references.
1023 Market st.
AMERICAN lady of some refinement would
like a position as housekeeper; is reliable
and fully capable of taking entire charge of
lodging-house. Address Housekeeper, 106
Eddy St.; room 7.
YOUNG woman wishes working housekeeper's
position or to do plain mending, 131 Fourth
st., room 1.
CAPABLE American woman wishes situation
as working housekeeper or as cook for men
on ranrh; references. 13 Liberty St., near
Valencia.
«15 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
SITUATION* WANTED— UALB.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 yews) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay «t.
JAI'ANESE, Chinese Employm't Office; house
cleaning; tel. Grant 56. G. AOKI, 30 Geary.
HUNTER & CO., Chinese and Japanese emp.
office. 614% California st.; tel. Main 231.
JAPANESE employment office; work day,
hour or evening. 122% OFarrell; tel. Davis Co6.
WANTED— By middle-aged American man, po-
sition as waiter in hotel or country, or in
restaurant, or work any kind. Box 1119, Call.
HOTEL man who burnt out wishes a position;
ha» beim proprietor and manager for 17 years;
has first-class references; am capable to fill
any department; wife a perfect housekeeper;
no children; no objection to leaving city. Ad-
dress box 1078, Call office.
COACHMAN, by a thoroughly capable man of
long experience; references as to qualifica-
tions and character from well-known Ameri-
can families; is also a good caretaker of
private residence. Address C. C, box 1070,
Call office.
CHINESE boy. first-class family cook, wants
situation; small washing, cooking; city, coun-
try; references. X., 6154 Dupont at., S. F.
GRADUATE agricultural school, with several
years' experience Wn this coast, wishes situa-
tion with cattle or stock company; competent
In veterinary line. Address box 1075. Call.
GERMAN wants to Join a party of 3 or 4 to
go to Alaska (Germans preferred). Address
box 10S3, Call office.
BY a young married man as accountant, cash-
ier or general office work; experience and
good references. Address box 1061. Call.
FARMERS, coachmen, cooks and all kinds of
mechanics furnished at snort notice by ap-
plying to J. F. CROSETT ft CO., S2B Sacra-
mento st.
MAN, experienced in sanitarium work, used
to giving all sorts of baOis. would like po-
sition; best of references. Address box 1094,
Call office.
CARPENTER and cabinet-maker, young man,
good mechanic, wants situation. Call or ad-
dress 724 Mission St.
YOUNG man desires a situation with private
family to take care garden and chore work;
understands care of horses. 33 Fulton St.
MARRIED couple, German, want work on
farm, orchard or vineyard; long experience
and wages reasonable; references. Address
B. 8., box 1078. Call office.
BY an American man and wife, to take full
charge of a mechanics' boarding house;
country preferred: references furnished. Ad-
dress W. H. WRIGHT, 80$ Railroad aye.,
Alameda.
FIRST-CLASS gardener and horseman wants
position on gentleman's place, or cook for
ranch or private family; good references. Ad-
dress box 794, Call office.
ABSENTEES— Confidential employe of leading
corporation will devote his spare time to any
business of absentees; bonds furnished. "Con-
fidence," box 1024, Call office.
SITUATIONS WANTED- Continued.
BOOKKEEPER— Thorough experienced ac-
countant, cashier and correspondent; Al city
references. Box 1041, Call office.
BAKER, reliable and well experienced, wishes
situation. Box 1026, Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms. 25c to $160 night; $150 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
FKMAI.E HELP WANTED.
LAUNDRESS, country hotel, $20; 6 German,
Protestant, Scandinavian and Irish second
girls, $20 and $25; 6 cooks in German and
American families. $25 and $30; cook, small
hotel, $20; 10 waitresses and chambenriaids,
hotels and restaurants, $15. $20 and $25; and
girls of all nationalities to fill situations too
numerous to advertise. J. F. CROSETT CO.,
316 Sutter st.
GERMAN family cook, $80. MARTIN & CO.,
749 Market st.
GIRL. Merced. Cal., $20; 6 nursegirts. $10 to
$20 per month; girl. Oakland, $15; girl, 3 in
family, $20. Pine; girl. Pine, $20; girl. Fell,
$16; girl, Broderick, $20; girl. Geary. $20; girl.
Baker, $20; girl, Hollis, $15; girl, OFarrell.
$1. 50; girl, Washington, $25; girl, Ashbury,
$15; girl, Ross Valley. Cal., $20; girl. Ken-
nett, $25; girl. Page, $20; girl, Sausalito. $20;
girl, Eddy. J25; girl. Fell, $15; girl. Mission,
$20; girl. Berkeley, Cal., $13; girl, Clayton,
$lo; girl, Chestnut, $25; girl, San Lorenzo,
Cal., $20; girl, Laguna, $15; 5 girls, Alacneda.
$20; girl, Eddy. $15; girl, Clay, $20. MARTIN
& CO., 749 Market st.
12 YOUNG girls to run mangle in laundry, $15
to $2<j; 3 laundry troners, $1 25 per day. MAR-
TIN & CO., 749 Market st.
3 WAITRESSES, city, $20 and room; 2 girls,
small boarding-house, $30 and room; 10 young
girls. $10 ana $12 and room, light work; 5
chambermaids and wait some, $15 to $20 and
room; 3 girls for bakeries; 13 waitresses. $15
and room; 7 young girls, $3 to $4' a week,
wait, etc.; 9 kitcheft girls; lunch counter girl.
$6 a week. MARTIN & CO., 749 Market st.
12 MORE tiemakers; 3 choremen, $10 to $15;
clerk, small hotel; flannel washer; pantry-
man. $25. MARTIN & CO.. 749 Market st.
5 COOKS, $6, $7 and $S a week^ 3 cooks, $10
a week; 3 boarding-house cooks, $20 to $30 and
room; second cook, country, $30 and Boom.
MARTIN & CO.. 749 Market st.
WAlTRESS— Boarding-house, $2IX MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter.
LAUNDRESS, $3o! MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
SWEDISH or German cook, $30; housework,
Willows, $25, and other towns; 12 housework
girls, city and country, $20 and $25; 6 young
girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
NURSE; sleep home, $12. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter at.
CHAMBERMAID and waitress, $20. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
REFINED nurse, child 2 years. $20. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child. $15; ranch; good plac*.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
REFINED nurse, $20. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
NEAT young girl, light work. $15; 2 in family.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
REFINED German or French second girl,
$20 to $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
2 WAITRESSES, same country hotel, $20. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
WANTED— ALL THE TIME
Neat young women who want work in pri-
vate families, at O. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.
108 Geary st.
TWO arm waitresses, $6 a week; restaurant
waitress for San Jose, $25; waitress for Fres-
no and Watsonvllle; waitress, lunch counter,
$6 a week; arm waitress, city, $20; dinner
waitress. $2 50; 4 waitresses and chamber-
maids, $15. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 10S
Geary st. ; phone Grant 185.
WAITRESSES for Southern California; re-
duced rail rates through C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 108 Geary st.
HOUBEGIRL, no cooking, no washing, see lady
here, $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary.
FRENCH cook. $25; 2 German cooks, $25; 3
housegirls, $25; 5 for $20 and 20 for $15. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary st.
WANTED — 2 German cooks, $30; American
cook, $25; French nurse, $20 to $25; laundress
and assist in housework, $25; girls for house-
work and assist. $20, $15 and $10. LEON
ANDRE 308 Stockton st.
COOK, $30; second girl, $20; nurse, $20; cham-
bermaid. $15; housegirl. $2<">, 2 in family:
housegirl, country, $20; young girl, assist, $10
to $12. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter St.
S COOKS. $25; 2 chambermaids, $20; waitress,
$20; nursegirl, $16; 10 girls for housework.
MRS. HIRD, 721 Ellis St.
WANTED — An experienced chambermaid; Ger-
man preferred. Sixth and Howard sts., Lin-
dell House.
WANTED— Experienced girl at the Liberty
Bakery, behind the counter, with references.
GIRL to tend baby; sleep home; 1013 McAllis-
ter st.
YOUNG girl to assist In light housework; good
home. 823 Geary St.
RELIABLE girl, cook and housework; refer-
ences. 2103 Clinton aye., Alameda.
WANTED— Honest, neat girl; light house-
work; family of 3; good home. 627 Second st.
GOOD waitress wanted, People's Restaurant,
631 Clay st.
GIRL to do general housework; no cooking, $8.
619 Gough.
WANTED— An experienced tailoress on custom
coats. 272 Seventh.
GIRL for general housework; good cook; refer-
ences, $20. 705 Pierce st.
GIRLS to learn tailoring; paid while learning.
291 Natoma St., near Fourth.
YOUNG girl for housework; 2 In family; wages
$8. 971 Church St., near Twenty-second.
GERMAN girl to assist in housework; small
family; wages $10. Call at 1525>2 O'Farrell st.
THE Ladles' Employment Parlors, the largest
and best appointed on the Pacific Coast; man-
aged by educated and accomplished ladies;
Investigate. Rooms 5, 6, 7 and S. 1023 Market.
RESPECTABLE, healthy, sensible and intelli-
gent slnßle lady, with fair education and
good business tactics, and of good appear*
ance und address, to take charge as house-
keeper in a hotel in a new town in the Brit-
ish Yukon gold fields. Box 1085, Call office.
EXPERIENCED hands on ladles' wrappers
' and waists to work in factory. 409 A Turk.
GOOD seamstresses will be taught how to
make wrappers; steady employment. 41&Vs
Ellis st.
YOUNG girl for general housework: small
family; no washing. Apply 433 Seventh st.
WANTED— Either lady or gentleman with $200
to Join the advertiser In making and selling
a new invention; large field; big profits. Ad-
dress B. E., 515 Seventh St., Oakland.
WANTED — Bright young woman to manage 33-
room lodging house; must have $250: a snap
for half interest. Address Widower, box 1103,
Call office.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns 25c. McDOW ELL'S, 103 Post.
GIRL for general housework and cooking;
small family; German preferred. 1830 Eddy.
OPERATORS on Singer buttonhole machine.
USVt STRAUSS & CO., M2'* Fremont st.
OPERATORS on steam power sewing-ma-
chines to make Levl Strauss & Co.'s riveted
clothing. Apply to MR. DAVIS, 32H Fremont.
LAWRENCE Dre-sscuttlng School, 1079 Market
St.; perfect fit; no trying on; trial free.
615 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of Th» Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
REMOVED again— Dr. Wise, the ladles' spec-
ialist, to 14 McAllister; monthly troubles, etc
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free.
male: help wa:.ted.
WANTED — Engineer for mine, $2 a day; 6
miners, $3 a day; 15 pitch vein coal miners,
10 laborers. $1 75 a day; 10 tlemakers, 8 and
10c, long Job, pay monthly; 6 tlrnbermen for
mine, $2 T.O a day; 10 woodchoppers, $1 25 a
cord; grocery clerk, $S a week; boy for candy
factory, $3 a week; cooks, waiters and
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &. CO., 628
Sacramento st.
WANTED — 2 gardeners and florists, country.
$25 and $35 and found; vegetable gardener. $2o
to $80 and found; old choreman. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
SECOND cook, country hotel, $40. fare ad-
vanced; fry cook, country hotel, $50. C. It.
HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
FRED KISCHING. the checker, please report.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., IUB Geary st.
JAMES COOPER, second cook, please report.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
SHAMPOOKR for baths. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 108 Geary st.
BARKEEPER, references; hoy for doctor's
office. C. R. HANSEN &. CO., 108 Geary st.
CHECKER, $50; French chef. $100; second
cook, $70; fry cook. $13 a week; third cook,
$46. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
SECOND head waiter, country hotel, $50, |
waiters, country hotel, $35; 6 Eastern waiters;
waiter, hotel, south. $25. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 108 Geary st.
REGULAR German shop bread baker, with
references, $50 and found; baker and pastry
cook, small hotel, $30. C. R. HANSEN A
CO., 106 Geary st.
HELP WANlJ3D— Continued.
2^WOODCHOPPERS and grubbers, $1 50 a cord ;
German to work in a nursery, $15 and found.
C. R. HANSEN St CO.. 108 Geary st.
SCANDINAVIAN laborers for railroad work.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary at.
WANTED— Broiler for restaurant, $50; broiler,
hotel $46; cook, private family, $50; waiter,
country hotel, $25; waiter, city, $25; and
others. ANDRE, 308 Stockton st.
8 WAITERS, $25 and room; 7 waiters, $6, $6
and $7 a week. MARTIN _ CO.. 749 Market.
WANTED— A registered clerk for drug store
In Oakland. Addreea. atating experience and
salary expected, Drugs, box 11, Call Office,
Oakland.
CARPENTER and aeamen for coaat and deep-
water at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart at.
EXPERIENCED boy In printing office. Call
7 p. m., 1505 Polk st.
BOOTBLACK wanted to take atand at 517
Market St., near Flrat.
UP-TO-DATE printer wants good solicitor;
big money. Medico Ptg. Co., 402 Montgmry.
3 FIRST-CLASS coat finishers and 2 appren-
tices. 208 Everett St.. in rear. P. KANE.
GERMAN boy to drjve wagon and help In
butcher shop. 196 Noe st.
WANTED— Good dishwaaher. Apply 629 Davis
street.
1000 MEN wanted to-night at Metropolitan
Hall.
SMART boy, 16 or 18, to learn oyater business.
Apply 2 p. m., 9 Fourth street.
FIRST-CLASS cook. 15 Stockton st.
ARTISTIC sign writer for leading retail houae;
messenger, broker's business. 313 Bush st.
REAL estate and rental clerk; rental col-
lector; 3 gents' furnishing clerks. 313 Bush.
WANTED— A waiter. Apply at 122 Fifth st.
WANTED — A barber; good workman. Apply
Monday morning at 815 Kearny st.
PARTNER with $50 to manufacture Klondike
specialties. Address Box 1120, this office.
FINE eoatmakers wanted. Apply at 11 a. m.
at the Stevenson-st. entrance of CHARLES
LYONS', 721 Market st.
FOR sale— Patent back barber chair. 402 Mo-
Allister.
WANTED— A registered clerk for drug store
In Oakland. Address, stating experience and
salary expected, Drugs, box 11, Call office,
Oakland.
TRAVELING salesman; office manager; book-
keeper and cashier, with references. 1023
Market st.
TICKET agent; one of the best paying posl-
tlons ever offered. 1023 Market st.
WORKING partner with small capital; good
paying business. Box 1114, Call office.
WANTED— Active, reliable messenger boy,
$2 75. Address box 1115, Call office.
MAN and wife to work on a farm; good home;
salary $25 per month. Apply JOHN NOR-
GROVE, 12 Geary st.
WANTED— Young man to learn artistic and
well paying trade; must have fair handwrit-
ing; a rare opportunity. HAMILTON, box
988. Call office.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
RECRUITS wanted for the United State*
marine corps. United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of
21 and 30 years, who are citizen* of the
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their Intention to become a'ich; must
be of good character and habits ana able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 Inches and 6 feet In height.
For further Information apply at the re-
cruiting office, 20 Ellis St., San Francisco, CeJ.
SHOE-REPAIRING shop for sale; best location
In city. Apply at 767 Market st.
CIVIL service Government positions— 6o ques-
tions anO answers free. Address HUGHES
Preparation, Washington, D. C.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 504 Davis st., near Jacksnn.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third sC. near
Market; 200 rooms. 25c a night; reading-room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BARBERS' Association Free Employment Of-
fice. S. FUCHS, Sec. 325 Grant aye.
ROSEDALE House, 321 Ellis— Rooms 25c to $1
night; $1 to $4 week; hot and cold baths.
MARKET. 4— Branch office of The Call; want
ads and subscriptions taken.
LARKIN. 615— Branch office of The Call; want
ads and subscriptions taken.
MEN to learn barber trade In eight weeks. S.
F. Barber College, 138^ Eighth st.
SINGLE rooms. 10c and lT>c night; 75c and $1
week. Llndell House. Sixth and Howard «tn.
MARKET. 863H (Elcho House)— Rooms 20c, 25c
to 50c night; $1 to $2 week.
DRI'MM, 225 (Oriental)— Rooms. 15c to 75c per
night ; 50c to $1 50 per week.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764H Mission
st.. men to take rooms: 10c. lßc and 25c per
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
WANTED — To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
4 MARKET st.— Branch office of The Call:
want ads and subscriptions taken.
AGENTS "WANTED.
OUR recipes for making all kinds beverages
simple and cheap are famous; they pay
large profits. Box 1077. Call office.
"ONLY Perfect Vapor Bath," greatest seller on
earth. Hygienic Bath Cabinet Co., Nashville.
FURNITURE "WA.TKU.
prices to fill new building. 840 Mis-
sion st. ; tel. Mint 1821.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to If Mont-
gomery st. ; highest prices paid. Tel. Davis 71.
615 LARKlN— Branch office of The Call; sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
UNFURNISHED room In exchange for parlor
and bedroom set. Box 1096. Call office.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— H printing press; must be reason-
able. MEDICO, 402 Montgomery st.
WANTED— Second-hand, strong, medical fluid
battery; state price to MRS. WERNBERG,
1109 East Twenty-third St., East Oakland.
GOOD paper route wanted. Address Route 10,
Call office.
PARTIES having steam, gasoline or electric
launches for sale please communicate with
C. F. SCHERMERHORX CO.. Honolulu, H.
I. ; give length, capacity, speed, other very
complete information.
5000 TONS of castiron at onoe. K)4 Mission
street.
PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus; second-
: hand. 109 Montgomery st.
MACHINERY, belting, pipe, scales, tools, etc..
bought and . sold. . J. Livingston. , 204 Mission.
PAWNBROKER— OId gold, silver, cast-off
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. 41 Third.
:■: ■ '"^ .';.". ■'_ _ . '^^^JjE£S^- ■*_'_': _ '
' ■ . •■ . ■. -:: — — i
■ t
M*M ' '* 80> TEAS, Per
* * * cof'fels*" —*
, 10, 15, 20, 25. S5, 40 per pound.
SPICES, ,'■:.- .
10, 15, 20, . 25. 40 per can
RUNNING 100 STORES ENABLES US TO
SELL VERY CHEAP
WE GIVE FREE v - rllUAir -
PRETTY DISHES.
GOLD WATCHES.
BICYCLES.
MUSIC BOXES.
AIR RIFLES.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO
Stores Everywhere.
' 'i~L^J^.\. ; -/■ L>OSr ' ''■■'
Hush Powell sts.. Satunlav night Re-
,:;; Bush :amt- Powell sts., Saturday, night. Re-
r turn to 716 : Taylor st. and receive reward.
LOST-Saratoga ; Hall, February ; 12.' gold chain
.W0 a( K«r ; n^ d . a » keei)salte; llberl? reward!
LOST— San Leandro road. ; February 11 St
* Bernard '■ bitch. ; •'Florie." .. Return to W
rr a n1 rS^ N> 10 °? H Broadwayr e roomVl7. Oa£
land, and ; receive , reward. ; ; v .•..-..1 '.
LOST--Tuesday noon, Bth lnst.. ' fox terrier
♦ blt S« «? n spoU on nea(l ■"<* b<^y Return
-■> to 315 Pine st. and receive reward. ■•■- MIUTn
STRAYED— From Jl2 Capp ,t.. half-breed
.>, The finder will please return to bank. > ,-■' : •"
BL^JVEN?. 11 lO^BranclTofflii" oT Th« C»lli
•üb«crliitioii« and want a 4* takea. • '
MATRIMONIAL^ p
l i^P^o* £
i qulredV EDITOR, 111 Ellis St., San Francisco.
, BUSIN fcSS PERSONALS^
(i.r institute. 4024 Geary St.— Hypnotism
- practically taught; diseases and habits cured.
THE : feminine world will . gladly welcomeUh.
new styles in halrdressing; . the latest, only
- 25c; good switches. $1; best, finest qua lty.
$3 50- extra heavy, long, $5. Open Sunday*
from 9to 12. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
VOCAL Instructor Jos. Greven cannot Jb«
killed by-the pqisonoua sting of a little wiip,
who tries in vain to bite just the best of our
artists for the sole purpose, of course, of gei-
ting some honey. ..- •■-.-■:•-
MRS M. HALET-20 years' experience, linen
loose covering; save from dust furniture,
carrfages and pianos. 142 Highland aye Or-
ders taken Drapery Department, Emporium.
DR. E. J. WILLIAMS, electrician, has re-
turned; would be pleased to see her friend*
at 472 Stevenson st., cor. Sixth. ■
OTIINONIA Hair Tonic not only cleanses, but
beautifies G. LEDERER. HI Stockton st^
SEND for my "New Treatise on O******'
free- I dress hair for 25c; good switches $1.
finest, best quality, $3 50; extra heavy, long
$6- open Sundays, from 9 to 12. O. LED-
ERER. 11l Stockton st. ■ I__1 __
■v FW method massage, electric treatment:
heYted room MRS. JOHNSTON, 514^ Geary.
MRS. HELEN ANDERSON, midwife and
nurse. 355 Fourth at., near Harrison.
OITINONIA Is a powerful nourishment for th«
hair. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st. ' ■ g
TRUNKS moved. 25c. Commercial - Tranafe*
Co., 22 < Stockton St.; phone Main 49. _^
ELECTRIC lights In every .room ; nc he!|te*
House. 44 Third at., nr. Market: 200 rooms.
25c to $1 50 per. night; $1 50 to $6 per week,
f re« bus and baggage to and from ; the rerry.^
MISS ANDERSON, graduate. Swedish nurse;
baths: genuine massage: Swedish- movement..
ladles, gents. 906 Market St., room 26, 2d floor.
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons._made_la
San Francisco at Eastern prices. WAAiTK«
N. BRUNT. B5 Clay St.. S. F. ' f
SUIT to order on easy Installments. _ I*.
LF.MOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. -7th and Bth.
$14— Suit to order: samples; try one. N*JU-
HAUB _ CO., tailors. 115 Kearny at. f
CLOAKS and tailor-made suits retailed . at
wholesale figures. 20 Sanaome st. ;_^___ •
:■ DRESSMAKERS.
MMB. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses.
$5 up: dresses made over.' 6 Eddy St.. rm. 86.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished tranc*
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced sh«
will reveal every hidden mystery in life; sh«
, will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, - restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separated. - recovers lost,
stolen or burled property; locates treasures,
mineralß; tells your entire life, past, present
and future, while In a perfect trance. Hour*
10 a. m. to 5 p. m. : perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail. Send Ftamp for circular with,
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, room*
25 and 26. 1206 Market st., opp. Sixth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader; born double veil and second sight;
diagnoses disease: full life reading: ladles 50c.
gents sl; palm, and clairv.; sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. LE NORMANDE. clairvoyant, card-
reader, magnetlo treatment; hours, 10 to ••
401 Leavenworth st.
MME. MOREAU. best medium and card-
reader; German spoken: 25c up. 73 Fourth st.
MIPS L. DEAN, magnetic healing, card-
reader. 906 Market St., room 41. top floor.
MRS. MANDENA. medium and palmist: ronrt-
lngs 25c and r.Oc this week: satisfaction. 2fi 6th.
IDA INGLEWOOD. card-reader, magnetlo
healer. 126 Fourth St., room 23.
MRS. RAY from Chicago, magnetic healer and
card reader. 1015 Market st., room 17, 2d floor.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently: busines*
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
RAY FAIR, curd reader; magnetic healing ft
specialty. 223 Post St., room 2.
OLLIE LAKE- returned from Chicago: card
reader. 906 Market st.. or 9 F.IIIr. room 22.
MIPS MELVILLE, exeat clairvoyant and
water reader. i>2l U Mission: German spoken.
JOSIE TAYLOR, magnetic healer: mind read-
»r. 223 Post st., room 11, second floor.
MME. HANSEN. palmist, rard-wrlter: past,
present and future; 25c. 14S Sixth, room 5.
MME. MORTSAU. test medium, clalrvovant.
card-reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. upstairs.
MME. SYRILLE. cradle to jrravp: toNtre hu»-
band's picture 25c; ladles. 014 O'Farrell at. '
MTSS EDNA V. GRANT. 131 Taylor st.. room
3: mind reader and palmist.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and huptne«s medium:
sittings daily. 123U Sixth st., room 14.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First In her pro-
fession; never falls: advloe: help. 929 Port.
4 MARKET ST.-Branch office of The Call.
Want ads anrl subscriptions taken.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. ALICE FAY. medium and magnetlo
healer. 32 Lewis st, off Jones, near. Post.
MRS. FAIRBANKS, clairvoyant; clr. Tues.
Fri. eves., 10c; readings daily, 25. 50c. 10S 6th.
— Occult and spiritual at 1429 Market
St.. office of Philosophical Journal.
MISS SHRIXER. clairvoyant for business «nd
spiritual sittings. 230 Kearny St., room 24.
A. M. FRANCIS, independent writer; de-
veloping circle Wednesday eve. 118 Halght st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, spiritual medium, fa*
me<«sn*e<t ami ndviop. 218 Stockton st.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business , College, 24 Post. Book-
. keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
lnfc, telegraphy, languages, English branch-
es; electrical, civil & mining engineering, sur-
veying, assaying, etc. ; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue. . ■-,'
AYRES' Business College, 723 ' Market st.;"
individual Instruction ■> In . shorthand. : typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; . life scholar-
ship, $50; low rates per week and month.
ENGINEERING . school civil, electrical, mm-"
ing, m«?ch., survey, assay, archlt. ; day * eve.
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING and • rapid calculations; a
course in Tarr's counting ■ room makes , you
thorough. I Room 572, 855 Market St. . ; ."
MISS GAMBLE'S dancing school. 317 Dcvi
dero; adults, Fri.. g p.m.: children, Thu., 3:30.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236 Mar-
ket St.; 124 positions In '96; 103 In '97. . ■,-•■
INSTRUCTION In tapestry painting, etc. : les-
. sons, 25c. Studio, 419 Geary St., room 12.
FISK TEACHERS' AGENCY. 420 Parrott
building: 13,000 positions filled: manual free.
GUITAR. - mandolin, piano and r vocal lessons,
$3 per month. MARY WESTHAUS. 39 Fifth.
VOICE culture, piano Paris i graduate: .French.
Spanish^: new classes: $2 mo.' 109 Taylor «t.
FLUTE, mandolin, guitar -lessons;' club $1
monthly. PROF. QASTALDI. 710 Lombard.
LUDLUM School of Elocution and Dramat'.a
Art. 923 Sutter st. .-,,■-- .■■;• ---•■■
DENTISTS.
FULL set of teeth, $5; painless extraction; sea
: '; our combination plate, thin as paper; war-
I ranted 10 year*; teeth without plates; crown
t~ and bridge work our specialty; teeth im-
planted or ; transplanted fillings , 50c. crowna
$3 60; - all work painless • and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth 'st. >.'■■'
VAN VROOM electro-dental parlors; painless
dentistry; no shock; painless extraction a
positive fact; full set of teeth, $5 up; silver
fillings, 25c up: gold crowns, $3 50 up; your
teeth put In without a plate: open evenings.
997 Market St.. cor. Sixth: 'Phone Jessie BK.
NEW YORK Dentists— Painless extraction. 50c;
. plates. J5; gold filling, 75c up; silver. 25c up;
plates mended, $1 up; special : Inducements '
'to " Klondikers; ■ open evenings and Sundays
969 Mission st.. cor. Sixth." .'.
: DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. llth- no .
\ charge for extracting; when plates are made:
old plates made aver like new; teeth from S3
per set; extracting 60c>cas given. ■.-. ;
DR. GEORGE W.'LEEId, genuine, Leek dent-
• Ist i discoverer of painless ; extraction  and
patentee of improved bridge > work or teeth
-- without plate. - : moved : from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
ALLEN GRIFFITHS, ~ dentist, has resumed
.practice. 44 Donohoe bldg. Market and TayTor.
L. A. TEAOUE. A. CANE : and ; P. TEAGUE
removed to Call bldg.. 6th floor.; rms. ; 603-607!
a plate - DR - H - c -
•> ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce laws specialty nrivatA- '*%
•:.; no fee ;. without success; collection-; wills
probate, :- Insolvency. .: deeds, , damages mort '
;• gages, copartnership, bllls-or-sale parenu
'■' '" tra^iemarks. etc. ; established 10 years t G \V
HOWE. att-at-law,i 850 Market, Stockton
PRIVATE matters. 'insolvency.- collections; tni
:■>. advice;; open evenings.; McCABE. 103; Larkln.
A wT l^ D^i CB nn o N , ch A r^rSt. BUCC6Mfui:BUSI.VESS CHAXCES.
JBo<^^T^E^TlnTaX^a7rJageT^ blacksmith
and wheelwright business; down ■ town, old
established; large trade. Apply M LES<=
765 Market St. ....,.,. '
RESTAURANT, principal street, central
near Market, using 7 to SV4 cans milk daily-
receipts $43 to 547; owner there for -years and
retiring; hard to match this offer; Impossible
to beat.it; trial given. M. LESS, 765 Market,
BAKERY, principal street; baking T bar-
rels lally; mostly store trade; horse and
wagon; 3 living rooms; genuine offer. M
. LESS, 765 Market st. ; .
•S2SO— COFFEE parlor and home bakery cozy
. piece with good trade; 3 living rooms:- rent
jlo: owner there 4 years. M. LESS 763
Market. r ,
$4;,0-FIRBT-CLASS dellcacy"store; principal
street; Al buslneßs: 4 furnished rooms and
piano; rent . only $15; this place is given
away; car., see and be convinced. M. LESE
7C3 Market. ' t - oc '
I AURANT; splendidly fitted up; in
one of best locations of city: big transient
and regular trade; an'-Al'- offer; mu"f be
teen to be appreciated; trial. M. LKSS. 765
AJsrKGt st.
$275— Coffee saloon and chophouse; principal
etreets : central: neat place; monthly receipts
from $300 to $1000; trial. M. LESS. 763 Market
$2000-CORXER grocery and bar; established
many years and doing flrst-class store and
bar business; 4 living-rooms; horse and wag-
on: low rent: full value in sight; sickness
cause; a eacrlfice.WlLKE.7S3 Market st.
jj 6 On_OLD-ESTABLISHED corner grocery and
bar in Mission: living-rooms; rent $23a g»-n-
nf?p ce r S °r^n bi v^ ll i e l'i. b "f a « : , come and make
oner. Cail-WILKE, 753 Market st "■ ■
RESTAURANT and chop house; txsst lo-
cation, opposite the ferries; a first-class pav-
lr.t; business: meals 20c and above; low rent-
a rare chance and great sacrifice: owner has
to leave tor Europe at once. WILKE 783
Market st. . '
3OARAIXG and livery stable, 1 block
from Baldwin Hotel; 5 horses. 2 buggies
wagons, etc. : rent $50: good-paying busil
See M II.KE, 753 Market st.
[OAR-STAND on Fourth st.: this is the
best bargain in city; no rent. WILKE. 783
•>lS.r"K»?t B*.
A CORNER saloon established many years in
the very choicest location; average daily re-
ceipts about J4,-j; other business engagements
compel owner to sacrifice. Investigate at
once and make an offer. WILKE, 7>3 Mar-
$1000— COFFEE and chop house; receipts dally
{50; going to Klondike cause of sale. OCR-
RAN' * CO.. 30 Kearny st.
U* ■-PARTNER wanted; light indoor business;
will pay $00 per month to each yearly. CUR-
RAX & CO.. 30 Kearny st. "
!00— SALOON; bargain this day; leaving fi
Klondike. CURRAN & CO., 30 Kearny st
•3T.O— SALOON: this is a fine corner, with side
entrance, on leading street; good-paying busi-
ness: satisfactory reason for selling; cheap
rent. i'I'RRAN' _ CO.. 30 Kearnv st
$5000— PARTNER wanted in the manufacturing
of staple goods; trade entirely wholesale: in-
coming partner will be required to keep books
of the firm, receive all moneys and make all
payments; responsible business man required
CURRAX _ CO.. CO Kearny st.
• »RNER cigar _tore; Market st; whole-
sale district; clearing $100 monthly; no night
work: full value. HEALY. BIT Market St.
1300— TRANSIENT house, vutnitv Call office;
6? beds- clearing $90 monthly; trial given.
Call to-day. HEALY. &17 Market st.
$-0n — COZY store consisting of cigars, station-
ery, school books, etc., clearing $45 monthly;
rootta. Apply W. F. HEALY. :'!7 Market st.
NOTICB— ARMSTRONG >v CO., r-m.,\..i to M
Market st.. room I*. will sell or exchange
business quick for cash; partners negotiated.
Corner grocery and bar. best I" ■•ality $1,600
Wood, coal, feed store: good bargain I.SVi
Lodging house, 14 rooms; best location.. 800
Wood, coal yard and stalls to let; fine.. 250
And other bargains. ARMSTRONG & CO
.-Room country hotel and bakery $4500
Restaurant, cost $4000, ..nly MgQ
Apply to H. <". DECKER, 10X6 Market St.,
opposite Fifth.
$700— Saloon, befit location in city.
$300— Cor. grocery ana bar: Western Addition.
$350 — Coal oil route; well established.
$125 — Bakery and delicacy store, a bargain,
and other good bargains at
ANDERSON & WINN'S, 777 Market St.
JOHN A "WAX PELT has opened an office at
". the Russ House, rooms 04 and 63; he has
:", plslness for sale; free gold property, rooming
houses, groceries and saloons. Come see Wan.
Pring your pisiness with you, sell or buy.
WAX PELT.
MOO— HOTEL bar In mining town; receipts $24;
a goll mine. KREDO & CO., 22Vs Geary St.
|H0 — SAI- I >''X: bonanza for business woman;
J250, cigar stand near Market. KREDO & CO.
,VA.VTED — barber to take up well-
' rstabllshe<* shop; .hlg custom: no- money-rer
quired. Appl\ Landlord. 2237 Ulsslon st.
FOR First-class saloon; southeast corner
Kearny and Bush; reason for sc-lltng, going
north.
A FOR SALE— shop. 842 McAllister st.
[100— SALOON for sale. 606 Howard st.
HOTEL and liquor business in a suburb nt a
local road terminus; good bar trade, which
may be easily doubled by a man who un-
derstands the liquor business; price $?000;
one-half may remain at S' per cent. For par-
ticulars inquire BAKER & MAHRHOFFER,
14 Third st.
fluOO— FOR SALE or exchange: business In San
Francisco, established 25 years; has always
paid well; will exchange for good city or
country real estate; owner desires to retire
from active business. Address box 10S9."CaIl.
RESTAURANT for sale at a sacrifice; well
established restaurant; operated 8 years by
present owner; has never paid less than $200
per month owners goinp to the mines and
mean business. X., box 7. Call, Oakland.
' PLAT the races on our new system; $60 . a
week on $100 capital guaranteed or no charge
for services. The American Turf Bureau,
rooms 6 and 6, 850 Market st.. San Francisco.
WOOD, coal, feed store; good bargain.'
11200— SALOON. ' with rooms; private entrance;
rent $ZS. Ml Mission "St., near Third. -
f ISO— RELIABLE man, light . business; will
clear $.". to $10 per day: no risk. Address
Bona Fide, box 1107, Call office.
PROSPEROUS grocery business ;at one-half
price; a bargain; see it. Address Owner,
box 1038, Call office.
BLACKSMITH shop for sale or rent; estab-
lished 15 years. Address 11. MATTHIESEN.
Livermore, Cal.
TEXTS.
SMITH & OBBORN, Reglst'd Patent Agents;
established 1562. 219 Pine St., city.
FOR sale cheap— Saloon corner Folsom and
Sherman sts. MRS, McGRETW, 1035 Folsom.
PARTNER wanted as cashier, good paying
restaurant: daily receipts $40. Box 1010, Call.
PORTLAND agency this ■ paper. Inquire this
offlce or at 1M Third ; et., Portland. Oregon.'
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL&.CO/S. 415 Sacramento st
RRANCH bakery, 4 living rooms, cheap; rent
$15; account of sickness. 1751 Hyde st.
(125 ILL buy a good barber business In god
location; rent cheap.- Box 1069, Call. .
PARTY to take charge of, business In owner's
absence. COS Montgomery, room 18.
PARTNER with $300; sure thing to make
money. Box 1056, Call offlce.
PAINT shop, cheap: good locality, 1312 Van
Ness aw. Call at 6 p. m. •
GOOD paying restaurant for Bate cheap. 654
Mission st. ;_■ ■ ■
Uso— CIGAR-store; NW. corner California and
Kearny Bt6. .
LODGING HOU.-KS FOR SALES.
H ROOMS, on Stockton: clears »125........ 51,500
ISO rooms; clears $250; new furniture 2.500
27-room corner house: clears $150.. ■.....; 1,800
14 rooms, on Ellis st.; make 0ffer........ 650
7-room flat, on Geary at ...........•.....' 300
86 rooms; rent $75; fine 1,100
22 rooms; offices; clears $300 a month... 2,750
H. Cf. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
iT ROOMS, all ..-nted (corner house), $2000;
pert cash. DECKER. 1020 Market st. f .
CREDO & CO., Successful Brokers, 22*4 Geary.
34 rooms; guaranteed to clear $150... $1600
30 rooms; partly offices; clears $200. ; 2500
21 rooms; worth $1200; clears $50.......... ■ SOO
20 rooms; corner Market: full; bonanza.. 850
17 rooms; Powell; clears $75 sure. 650
12 rooms; swell boarding; Van Ness..'..*.. 650
••> 11 rooms; elegant; near plaza .. 800
( rooms; b«^t In city........ 250
6 rooms; elegant home; cost $800.. 400
IPECIAL BARGAINS MONEY TO LOAN.
$300—9 rooms; clean 160; an eye-opener;
worth $C0O; must sell. • KREDO & CO.
(450—31 ROOMS; easily worth $1500: a give-
away, a snap. KREDO & C 0... 22\4 Geary.
- DOOMING house, 20 rooms; all occupied; pay-
Ing business: must sell on account of slck-
ness. 308 Tfhama St., near Fourth. ;c; c .;
•ODGING-HOUSE of 8 rooms: nicely fur-
nished; 4 rooms pays the rent; price $750. ; : In-
quire at 422 Ellis Et. _ . ...^ , ;.\ ; :
SEST-PAYING 50-room Jodjrlng-house In th«
L city; make offer; no triflera. 402^ Geary «t.
I KIV'ATK rooming house,: 12 rooms; all rented;
"cheap for cash. Address box 391, .Call pftice,
roR SALE— Coso lodging house; 115 rooms. 411
Sansome fc"t. * ' : T '_2^_^_________Zl^Z-i.
"^"TYFEWIIITEnS.  ; . ■ .«
REMINGTON No. 8; fine order; $23; ; samplu
•*«it. SCOTT & BANN'AN, ; ?33 ilcntfc-oniery.
_^^JIXASIvA exteUprises. ,
KLOX DI X v\~ ~~"~~nmim ~~~-~-
Cm'- an ir^n ore ' 611 t0 soto Dawson
1.-a\tng here about March 1 in the
taP&rtA!!? Ala " Transportation, Trad-
ing and Mining , Company; steady employ-
e ,h S ua . ran tee ° n reaching AlaskaTs3oo.
nanv-r* 1 £ ' F ° r P artlcu l«irs call at com-
Sundingrian^FrTn^co! 0 } and «. Chronicle
building, San Francisco.
KLOXDIKE— Vegetable grower wishes an ac-
ti\e or silent Partner to grow forced vege-
tables in Klondike; is able to do this In three
months; this Is the richest mine In Alaska;
what is the matter with growing 15.n0n.000
cabbages and Felling them at Klondike price?
£r V '^ ' th 1 tO Krow " thPm ul " k - Address
Klondike, box 12. Call of flee, Oakland.
■^on? K . r '° 011 man "MM* grub stake: $500;
will give ' full amount In Oakland real es-
tate. Box 1105.- Call Office.
WHAT you must have— only makers of the
genuine Klondike moccasin on this coast.
Pacific Shoe Co.. 139 First st.
; KI.OX For sale, cheap, fine St. Bernard
0 feethigh " Addre33
: Jol m4 m^ S o?nt e .^° '^ blSh - AddreSS
"KLONDIKE"— 2 placer miners wish fare
and provisions; give good farming land as
I Eecurlty or sell same. Box 1074, Call.
YOUNG woman desires to join an Alaskan ex-
pedition. Address box 1102. Call office.
NEWFOUNDLAND do»r for Klondike for sale;
years old. 625 Gough st.
, MIXERS' party making up for gold field. 1236
Market, room 126.
WAXT 23 men who will go to a favorite point
In Alaska. E. E. ' BT'NCE, 90S Broadway,
Oakland. Cal.
KLONDIKE provisions, lowest prices, packed
and delivered to boats. SRARBORO * CO..
wholesale and retail grocers, 531 Washington.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ANY person bavin* UEe for a piano need not
do without when gruod Instruments can be
purchased from us at cash prices upon
monthly payments of $3. $4, $5. $6. $7, $8, $3,
$10; handsome scarf and wood seat stool in-
cluded: no charge for cartage. Purchase your
medium and low price pianos where they can
be exchanged for a Steinway without sacri-
fice. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.. Steinway
Dealers, cor. Kearny and SuttPr sts.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASFVS.
S<\ 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organ?
and all other musical instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
WE are offering two beautiful walnut Chlek-
erinj upright second pianos at Immense bar-
gains: also fine upright, slightly used, for
JISO. BHN.T. CURTAZ & SOX. 1. to 200'Far-
rell st., sole agents for the Chlckering piano.
PIANOS and organs at factory prices; low
rent: small profits: agency Hardman. Chase
Bros.. Hackley. Summer. Dewing Bros., etc.
J. DEWING CO., second floor Flood building.
Fourth and Market sts.
A FINE' line of second-hand pianos offered
this week at very low prices, including
Steinways, Chlckerinp. Hallett & Davis.
Emerson and others. THE F. W. SPENCER
.CO., 933 -Market st.
PIANOS nt cut prices: improve the ■ opportu-
nity; agency famous Haines Bros., Bush &
; Gerts and Bollerman. WM. C. HAMILTON.
successor to A. L. Bancroft * .Co.. 324 Post.
COLBY pianos are the best for the mone-y in
tt*e market: highest award at World's Fair;
call and see for yourselves. 933 Market st.
LARGE assortment second-hand pianos, $60:
uprights, ' ; Ivers & Pond, Decker; Stetnway,
Hornung and'others. - 216 Post st.
SOHMER S CO.. Byron Mauzy, Newby. Evans.
Brle-ps and other pianos: see our rent plan;
no interest first year. 30S. 310. 312 Post st. '.
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale— Must sell pianos at
immense reduction for cash or on Install-
ments. EATON ESTATE. 735 Market st.
! AT MAUVAIS'. 763 Market St.. you- will find
pianos from $.V> to £50 in second-hand; new
nianos for cash or. on payments.
FINE upright piano, nenrlv new; a bargain;
owner leaving city. 1012 Polk st.
BARGAlN— Upright piano, $G5. 20S Post:st.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles.
KOHLER ft CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
BARGAIN— upright cheap. SCHMITZ, 16
McAllister St., near Hlbernia Bank.
KINGS BURY. fISS7 model) is the_piano you i
•want. J." HARRY SCOTT. 526 Hayes St.
SUPERIOR vtolins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer.- 2 Latham place.
SMALLEST ad. lowest price. Heine. 136 Ellis.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH * WOLPMAN, 187 Beale St.
BOLITAIRE diamond ring and solitaire dia-
mond stud weighing 4 karats in all: both per-
fect matches; cost J700; will be sold for $325.
At UN-'LT-: HARRIS*, 1:> Grant aye.
80-POUND dog, 1 year old. Box 1117, Call
office.
LARGE Newfoundland dog, suitable for Klon-
dike. Box 1118, Call office.
AT a sacrifice? fine Steams bicycle; $20. 1032
McAllister st.
TEN GALLON KEG AT CAR LOAD PRICE.
Choice Bourbon whisky, 85 proof, $16 20: Jfr-
Brayer whisky, 100 proof. 5 years old, $22;
A 1 Jamaica rum, $16 E r.: extra quality port,
sherry, angenca, muscatel or Rhine wine, 2
yearn old. J6 .'.O. 4 year. $7 ">0; real 6 year,
$8 50: genuine, grape brnndy, 100 proof, 3 year,
$22: 5 year. J2< :'/■: Zlnfandel claret, $4 35;
Burgundy claret. $5 25; no charge for cooper-
age or. d ravage; it pays to buy for cash.
Standard Liquor Co., 62S Market St., S. F.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures: new and sec-
ond hand. J. NCONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St., above Sixth.
BECOND-HAND dynamos, gasoline and steam
engines, boilers, pulleys, shafting. Ifcundry
machinery, etc. SMITH CO.. hZi Mission st.
COOO PAIR shoe lasts; also dealer 1n second-
hand tools, machinery, etc.; mall orders
promptly attended to. 646 Mission st.
DOMESTIC sewing machine, almost new; 5
drawers: attachments. 1915 Mission, near
Fifteenth.
TEAM of mules for Klondike. Address L.
WILLIAMS, San Pablo, Cal.
1 AND 2-bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUP-
RCHMTDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
i BUTCHER railings for sale cheap. Inquire
meat market, .'.78 Howard *t.
I SAFES— New and second hand: cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe 7"ac. , 533 Sacramento.
: ENGINE, holler, dynamo, motor, belts and
pump. H. S. WHITE. F.rB Mission st.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1122-36 Mission St.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand: all
sixes: half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
ORAPHopHoNES. $10: Records, $'> per doz. ;
Projectoscope, $100. Baclgalupf, 933-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
NATIONAL cash register cheap. Inquire at
meat market, 578 Howard st. 1
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc., ■
bought and sold. 10fl3 Mission, near Seventh, j
FOR sal* cheap— Second-hand fireproof safe,
nt 42 Main «t.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly I
Call, In wrapper, for mailing.
SUWI.-VG MACHINES.
|2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold; !
machine supplies. 145 Sixth St.; phone Mint 46. i
ALL kinds boucht, sold, exchanged, rented; ;
repairing: lowest rates. 20n Fourth st. j
CARPET CLEA.M.VU.
i CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works; cleans,
moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
3S and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'B Pioneer Carp?t-
beating Works, 358-57 Tehama st. ; tel. 80. 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: relald at 3c.
STRATTON, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovating,
alteration works, 413 McAllister. Jessie 321.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 420 Sutter;
ter. Main 594. OEO. WALCOM, prop.
GREAT Eustern Steam Carpet-cleaning
Works, 14 Bth st. B. GRANT; tel. Jessie 201.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14th
st.; cleaning, 3c a yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLINS '"arpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye. ; telephone East 126
STORAGE.
AT low rates— Furniture, carpets, piano*,
household goods; clear), light compartments;
advances made. 'J. NOONAN. 1017 to 1023
Mission St., above Sixth; open evenings.
AT lowest rates — Household j,oods, pianos; ad-
vances made; fireproof building. F. W.
ZEKFOBS. 140 Mission st. Xtl. Mint 182 L
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1898.
■ HOUSES TO LET.
' ALL OVER TOWN — ~*~~"''~' ' '•' '
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN ft
HO WELL. 10 Montgomery. '
■ CHURCH, 1317—5 sunny rooms and .bath;
rent $12. ;;.: ; „ • •
HOUSE of 4 rooms and stable. 4075 Army st.,
l>':f..e«;n Sanchez and Noe. , . . ,
I MODERN house, 7 rooms ; fine . neighborhood;
. ■ Broderlck and McAllister;;- rent ' cheap.
I TWENTY-THIRD, 2754. between York and
Hampshire— House 6 rooms; bath; large yard;
$16.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 5 rooms, bath, gas; rent $14.
Eighteenth st.. r bet. Castro, and Colllngwood.
j HAVES, 1632— Handsome furnished cottage, 6
rooms: bath; large yard; basement; rent rea-
sonable; no small children; cars pass door.
RENT $13; bay-window cottage, 5 rooms, bath
and yard. 4027 Nineteenth st.. near Castro.
SUNNY corner cottage, front porch, 6 rooms,
bath. 3542 Army, cor. San Jose aye.
SUNNY, cottages, 4 and 5 rooms; bath, base-
ment, yard ;■ cheap. 1576 Fifteenth. St., .near
Dolores. < ■■_;■■-■
FLATS FURNISHED.
FURNISHED house, 7 rooms, bafh; large yard;
latest improvements; furniture new; piano;
near Pleasanton Hotel; only responsible par-
ties need apply. Address box 527, Call office.
MODERN furnished flat or part of It. 109
South Park.
flats to let.
all'over town"" ~~
You see flats to rent by BALDWIN A
HOWELL, 1C Montsorrtery it.
BEAUTIFUL flat. S rooms, bath; every con-
venience; rent $30. 1505 Geary st.
BYIXGTON, IS— 5 rooms, bath, stable. Apply
1021 O'Farrell St.
CAPP, 416— Two lower flats, 6 rooms each;
bath; $10 and $lfi.
EDDY, 1541— Sunny corner flat; 6 rooms and
bath; modern; rent reasonable.
FLAT of 7 rooms and bath, suitable for room-
ing and private house. 951 Folsom, near Sixth.
FRANKLIN, 214— Upper part nice sunny tene-
ment; 5 rooms and bath.
FULTON, vs — Fin» middle flat. 7 rooms, bath;
near City Hall; $2S.
FURNISHED sunny corner. 5 rooms bath; rea-
sonable. 511 A Buchanan st.
GUERRERO, 1411, near Twenty-sixth— 6 rooms
and bath: $15.
HAIGHT. 792— Beautiful upper sunny new cor-
ner modern flat; 7 rooms and bath.
LLOYD. 22. off Scott, near Waller— sl4; new
flat of 4 sunny rooms; bath.
MISSION. lollYi — 4 and 5 large sunny rooms;
bath, laundry, yard; rent $14 up.
MODERN sunny 5-room flat; warm belt. SSI
Capp st., near Twenty-fourth.
NEW flat. 4 rooms and bath; all modern Im-
provements. 3443 Twentieth St., cor. Capp.
O'FARRELL. 923— Furnished basement, cheap,
with large yard and kitchen.
POND. 35. near intersection of Market— Flat of
6 sunny rooms and bath.
SAX CARLOS aye., 159— New bay-windoi* flat;
cheap to good tenants.
SEVENTH. 46, opposite new postofflce lot—
Store, yard and stable; also fiat 4 sunny
rooms; business location.
SUNNY corner flat of 12 rooms, bath, etc., In
first-class condition; only 114 blocks from
Market St.; rent greatly reduced: an offer
wanted; see this at once. Cor. Grove and
Polk sts.
STEVENSON, 7— Sunny flat o? 3 rooms; $6 per
month. Apply at restaurant, 2"> First st.
UPPER runny flat, 5 rooms and bath: yard:
basement. 3905 Twenty-fourth St., near San-
chez: electric cars pass door; $12.
$12 ."0— Cheapest flat In city; 4 rooms and wash-
tubs. S2O Larkln st.
$H -MODERN upper flat, 6 rooms, basement;
water free. 341 Jersey st. ; Castro-st. cars.
$16— NICE sunny comfortable fiat, 5 rooms and
bath. 2134 OFnrrrll st.
$20— 5-ROOM upper flat, 315 O'Farrell St., near
Mason. Apply 15 Grant aye.
HOISEKEEriSG ROOMS.
BRANNAN. 422— Two nice, large unfurnished
sunny rooms (upper flat); rent $6 per month.
BUSK. KM Two sunny front rooms, furnished
for light housekeeping: adults only.
i EDDY, 306—2 large sunny liou^fkeeplng rooms;
i also single room; private family.
I ELEVENTH. 120—2 niceiy furnished front
rooms for housekeeping; upper fiat, $12.
; ELGIN PARK. tt, off Thirteenth—Flat of >
large sunny rooms, with large pantry, wash-
room and yard, furnishfd complete for house-
keeping.
; FIFTH, 325—2 clean, sunny furnished house-
keeping. $12; also single. $5.
■ FOLSOM. 704— Sunny front housekeeping room:
also others: all sunny and front.
: FOLSOH, 974— Furnished room complete for
housekeeping, $1 s*l week; also single room.
FRANKLIN, 203— Two furnished rooms and
separate kitchen in corner sunny flat.
FURNISHED p.'.nis for housekeeping. Ad-
dresa 3107 Twenty-fourth St.. city.
GEARY. Ill— Nice furnished rooms to let; also
housekeeping; also single.
GEARY, Bit— Nicely furnished sunny suites:
single and double rooms; also housekeeping
rooms.
i GEARY, IM7— s2o for adults; 4 comfortable
rooms: hath; 2 beds; gas and coal stoves,
| all necessaries.
GOLDEN GATE, 1050—2 or 3 large, nicely fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping, or single,
gas cookstove; free use of phone.
GRANT aye., lift— Newly opened^ pleasant,
light Inside suite; housekeeping; $10 month.
IVY aye., 124—2 large front rooms for light
housekeeping; large yanl.
IVY AYE., 309, near Franklin St.— Large dou-
hle-wlndow furnished front room; stove;
closet ; J." month.
I MARKET, 1028—3 rooms furnished complete
$12: part r^>nt taken in board.
MISSION. ii.c,3- Nlro rooms suitable for of-
fices or housekeeping; running water; gas.
MISSION, 1217-FYont bay-w!n<iow sunny suite.
complete for housekeeping; modern conveni-
ences.
NEW MONTGOMERY. 100— Complete furnished
housekeeping rooms, $6 per month; single, $4.
NOE. 151— Furnished small sunny aloove suite-
bath; garden; $8.
OAK, 54— Furnished rooms; housekeeping If de-
sired: new house.
OCTAVIA. Rll— 3 elegant large rooms complete
for housekeeping; select neighborhood.
POLK, 606— Completely furnished front room
and kitchen for housekeeping; gas, bath and
running water; $13 per month.
POWELL, 15%— Newly furnished sunny rooms,
suites or single; rents reasonable.
POWELL. 509— Two nicely furnished house-
keeping rooms; bath, gas and running water;
reasonable.
SIXTH. 119 A —Nicely furnished rooms; also
housekeeping.
STANLEY Place, 19— $10. 6 nico sunny rooms,
Including bath.
TENTH, 111, near Market— Large front sunny
furnished rooms; stove: closet; housekeeping.
THIRD, 143— Sunny housekeeping rooms; com-
plete; first floor; bath, gas.
THIRD, 309— Front room and kitchen; fur-
nished for housekeeping; $8; other rooms rea-
sonable.
THREE unfurniprred rooms with use of kitch-
en, bath, etc., three blocks from Park Pan-
handle; suitable for couple or ladies; German
preferred; highest references given and re-
quired. Box 1070. Call office.
ROOMS IX) LET.
ARLINGTON House, I*7 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
In every tespect; terms reasonable.
BUSH, 706— Elegantly furnished sunny front
I>arlor, $10; private family.
BUSH. 1092— Nicely furnished sunny single and
double rooms, $7 per month up.
CENTRAL HOUSE, 52 Second^Nicely fur-
nlshed etngle and double rooms, $1 to $3 per
week.
CLAY, 1.-.32— Furnished room to let, suitable
for 1 gentleman; private family.
DELAWARE, 1151 Market— Furnished single
and double rooms, $8 and $10 mo. ; nice suites.
EDDY, 607 — Unfurnished bay-window alcove
suite; newly papered; modern improvements.
HAMPTON place, 3, oft Folsom St., between
Second and Third — S sunny bay-window
rooms; yard; basement.
HARRISON, 664— Nicely furnished sunny front
room, suitable for two, $7 per month.
HOWARD, 782— Furnished room for house-
keeping, $7; also others; cheap.
FOURTH, 27,4—N ice sunny front rooms; rea-
sonable; central; nice house.
FULTON, 3 (Fulton House)— Nicely furnished
rooms, single or en suite, i& and $10 up.
ROOMS TO LET—Contlnned.
FULTOX, Coo— Nicety furnished sunny parloi
suite; private family; plu.no, grate, bath, gas;
$20 per month.
FRANKLIN, 421— Xice sunny bay-window par-
lor; gas, bath and grate; $S p?r month.
GEARY. 40.— Sunny furnished rooms for gents;
$6 and $7. . ,
GEARY, 622—2 wel!-furnlshed connecting rms.
single rooms; bath and gas; reasonable.
GT.AXD SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
jHl ss l on __p] ea sant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 7SI Mission; select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $G >er week.
HOWARD, 715, ST. DAVID'S— 2OO rooms;
suites; single; sunny reading-room; 25c up.
I HOWARD, 9S9— Doctor's office, furnished com-
plete; aiso suites; other rooms, $5 per mo. up.
HYDE, 112— Sunny front room, suitable for 2;
rent reasonable.
LARKIN. 327— Newly furnished sunny front
rooms, near Pavilion.
LEXINGTON. 212 Eddy— Large sunny front
suites; also single; for gentlemen^
i MARKET, 1032— (New management); fine, clean
room? $1 to $2 50 per week: transient. 25c up.
I MARKET 1926— (The Hawthorne)— Furnished,
I unfurnished: single rms., suites; Jubilee vl».
'• MCALLISTER. 511— Large nicely furnished
parlors single or en suite; large sunny back
room. $7: bath andjas; home comforts.
MOALL-BTER, 519— Nicety furnished sunny
rooms suite or single; hot and cold water;
I gaR and bath; grate; board optional.
MI XX V 66— Sunny rooms in a respectable
family.
MIXXA. «67. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 a weelt^
MISSSIONi 1025— Neatly furnished sunny suite
of parlors; rent moderate.
MISSION 11".' -A nicely furnished sunny
housekeeping room for one person; German
family.
J4EW FRANKLIN. 321 Pacific— Rooms, fur-
nished or unfurnished; day, week or month.
O'FARRELL f>3s',s — Nicely furnished front
room for 1 or 2 gentlemen: reasonable.
POLK, 17— Sunny front rooms; 1 or 2 gentle-
men:' single, $1 week up.
POLK, 2_n_, 'near City .Hall— Nicely furnished
double room, $7 per month.
POST, 239—3 blocks Palace Hotel (Bohemia),
sunny rooms; pne view; elevator; tourists.
POWELL. 203 (The Montello)— Sunny suites
and single rooms; reasonable; transient.
POWELL, 2?.3— New house: newly furnished;
suits and single; also office rooms.
PROSPECT PLACE, 123, off California, be-
tween Stockton and Powell— Two large front
sunny furnished rooms; German family.
SECOND. 115— Sunny, clean, furnished single
rooms, $1 per week up; men only.
SMALL (irony room, $4 75. 130>._ Ninth St.,
near Market.
R. R HOUSE. 533 Commercial, near Mont-
gmy— Beds, 10c, 15c, etc; coffee and rolls free.
SKVKNTH, 142— Furnished suites and single
rooms at lowest rates. MRS. PRAHL, prop.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth St.,
near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
STEVENSON, 564— Large sunny front room;
nicely furnished; half block from Market st.
TOCKTOX. 17 — European; e'pgant rooms;
suite or single; day. week or month; baths;
hot and cold water; transient: elevator.
SUTTEH, 3"!> —Newly furnished sunny rooms,
single or suites. $1 50 week up; transient.
SUTTEH, 715-717-719, and 609 Hyde— Furnished
and unfurn.: choice for offices; reasonable.
TAYLOR, 10S— Single rooms. ?6 per month up;
alro sunny suite; housekeeping If desired.
TENTH. 111. near Market— Large front sunny
furnished rooms; stove and closet; house-
keeping If desired.
THE FI.nnKXCH, corner Powell and Ellis—
Nice sunny suites from $1 day; single rooms
from 50c: a quiet home for families; elevator.
TWENTY-FOURTH. K63 4 rooms; gas and
bath; Twenty-seeond-st. cars pass the door;
rent $10.
WALLACE, 345, rear— Nicely furnished sunny
front room: suitable for 1 or 2; cheap.
WASHINGTON. 1210, near Taylor— 4 unfurnish-
ed rooms and hnth: cheap rent.
600 BUSINESS card! printed $1: 33 visiting
cards. Be. HILL, 72H6 Market St.
$1 WERK— Large sunny furnished room, bath;
closet; private. 314 Fifth st.
BOARDING AND ROOM?
BOARDF.R.S wanted- Limited number of in-
valid gentlemen may have comfortable home,
with attendance, at reasonable rate. Box
104 R. Call office.
EDDY,
rooms;
220— Sunny front Fingle and double
first-class board, $3 M.
FOLPOM. 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
HOTEL SALISBURY; beautiful grounds; ta-
ble unsurpassed. 299 Hyde. cor. Eddy.
HYP!:. lliT, First-class honrd; breakfast and
dlnnrr. $12 month: refi-rence.
POWELL. 502— Large sunny corner room,
piano; single rooms, $20 up with board.
THIRD. 530— Rooms and board; choice suite
two front rooms: suitable for two gentle-
men or man and wife. In hotel opposite
South Park; excellent board: terms $45 per
month with board. Apply Central Hot-1.
TURK. 812 — Ni.ce rooms and board In private
family; bath, grate, excellent table; car» pass
the door: terms $20 up.
STORES TO LET.
BASEMENT to let cheap. 41$ Larkin st.
LARGE corner store, with basement; rent
cheap. Corner Howard and Mobs ste.
STORE, with fixtures, corner Howard and La-
fayette sts. ; cheap rent.
Jl.l-LARGE storeroom nnd 2 living-rooms.
SW. cor. Ellis and Scott sts.
126— FURNISHED tnrge fireproof store; center
of business, St. Helena: long lease. Address
lock box 13. St. Helena, Cal.
MEDICAL.
ALL ladies— c only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice: safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.: babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self cure sent; call or write: free-
confidential. DR. AND MRS. M. DA VIES 1
city Hail avp., cor McAllister; pills. $2.
ALL monthly irregularities or other conditions
from whatever cause restored at once: saf'»
and sure at any time; kind sympathy and
aid; Instant relief for travelers; tumors re-
moved by electricity; home in confinement:
best care and privacy; for guaranteed relief
consult the doctor, free, before going else-
where; regulating pills antl capsules $1.
MRS DR. WYETH, 918 Post St., nr. Larkin
A PROCESS that never falls to restore every
case of monthly sickness from whatever
cause In few hours when medicines and others
have failed; no instruments used; many
years" experience; every case guaranteed; ad-
vice free: terms reasonable; first-class pri-
vate home for confinement. MRS. DR. DA-
LEY, 112fi Market St., over Owl Drugstore.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; a home in confinement, with best
possible care; with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital; thoae sick or discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their case;
they will find in her a true friend. MRS
DR. GWYER, 22fi Turk st.
SURE cure, when others fall; no medicine or
Instruments; every woman her own physi-
cian for all female troubles, no matter from
what cause; restore In 1 day; never fails;
consultation free; can be sent and used at
homo. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny; orders by
telephone.
SOUTH American Indian Syphilis Remedy! To
all persons suffering from syphilis I offer to
cure in all stages with a purely vegetable
remedy within thirty days or no charges-
confidential consultation free. Address F. E.
C, Haywards, Cal.
DRS. GOODWIN, diseases of women; ladles:
safe, quick cure guaranteed: any ailment:
maternity home; best care; skill only; low
fees: Dr. Senuok's self -cure. *5. 401 Van Ness.
A BOON to wives anil mothers— Seguro ; price
$1 50. RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay nt. : send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., 531 X St., Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles: no danger; safe, cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSOOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities ; guaranteed
cure at office, $5: capsules, $2 50; hours 10 to
6. DR. and MRS. KOHL, 1118 Market st.
CAPSVLETAS— Preventive; sure; harmless;
guaranteed or money refunded. MME. MAS-
SON, 1223 Geary st.
DR. HALL. 1 City Hall aye., cor. McAllister
& Lenvenwortfc; diseases of women, children.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Pueti; infallible. *afe rem-
edies; 88 years' experience. 254H Fourth st.
HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth St., Alameda.
DRS. K. * K. cure chronic, nervous, blood,
skin or private die -ses. 8 Mp.son St., S. F.
FINANCIAL.
LOANS on real estate, bonds, etc. ; lowest
rates. McAFEE BROS., 108 Montgomery ft.
CITY HE -L ESTATE.
A— sCsoo; CORNER house at the park; only cor-
ner unsold of 6 just completed; very hand-
somely finished; marble Steps and built by
day work; every possible convenience and
every room sunny; terms to suit. Apply AL-
BERT WILFOnD. cor. Shrader and Beulah
sts., 2 blocks south of Haight, from 1 to 4.
IF YOU INTEND BUILDING let me submit
an estimate, with plans and specifications;
no charge: best of references, bonds, etc. W.
W. REDNA-LL, Builder. 1326 Hayes st.
CHOICE business property, Nff corner Mis-
sion and Spear sts.. 45:10 by 117:6; must be
disposed of. H. SCHWERIN, 546 Clay.
NEW house, 7 rs.. bath: ensy terms; Mlsujon;
swap, part paymt for lot. BABIN, 413 Kearny.
615 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Can.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
2 FLATS and larse lot for sale cheap. Inquire
meat market, 576 Howard st.
339 HATES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
COUNTRY _.I_AL ESTATE.
CHICKEN ranch for sale cheap; horse and
wagon. 150 laying; hens, incubator, brooder,
improvements; house 10 rooms, part rented.
Inquire 161S Everett st., Alameda; broad
gauge Park st. station.
$150 — -100 ACRES; nearly all level land; 20 acres
in cultivation; 100 acres fenced; house and
barn; running water; 2., miles from P. O :
Lake Co. C. F. MOORE, P3J Market st.
MILL VALLEY— For sale, house, furnished or
unfurnished; very reasonable; lot 50x150 Ad-
dress box 884, Call Office.
SECTION of fine redwood timber; less than
price. 911 Magnolia St.. Oakland.
SUMMER boarding-house and ranch. Sierra
Nevada Mountains. A. J. INGALLS, Chi-
cago Park, Nevada County, Cal.
A BARGAIN. MUST BE SOLD.
125 ACRES located on county road, one-half
mile north of Redwood City (known as
WELLESLY PARK).
Offer wanted Immediately.
APPLY COMPANY'S OFFICE.
1008 CLAUS SPRECKELS BUILDING.
WANTED to rent— Milk dairy In suitable lo-
cation for shipping milk to San Francisco;
give particulars; cash rent. Address A. 8.,
box 1034, Call.
2 SMALL ranches n Santa Cruz mountains, 7^4
miles from Santa Cruz. Address W. E.
FALKER, 546 Ocean St., Santa Cruz.
$5 PER acre, 160 acres good bottom land. Coos
County; half value. CI'RRAN, 30 Kearny.
FOR sale— 3BB9-acre ranch at $50; crops, imple-
ments, stock, water ditch and water; switch
on the ranch and 11-acre fine lemon and or-
ange grove, S years old. In full bearing; pos-
sess at once. Particulars address. C. PAR-
MENTER. Winters. Cal. Wanted— sso,ooo for 3
years, 6 per cent; real estate security; no agts.
LITTLE homes clone to town: Improved; easy
terms; also 4 to 12 acre pieces on 8 and 10
years' credit. D. H. TWING, Sonoma City;
every Monday at 632 Market St.. S. F.
2000 ACRES of coal land In one body for sale.
For particulars apply to NEIL MUNRO, Russ
House. 141 Montgomery St., S. F., Cal. -..' »
I BOOK and list of cheap land free. M. M.
! GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta County, Cal.
E27' MONTGOMERY St., branch office of the
Call: want ads and subscriptions taken.
PROPERTY TO FXCHANGi:.
— — - EXCHANGES^ ~~
120 acres, m>ar Santa Rosa, room house. .s2,f>oo
4 lots in this city, for $."00 each...:... 2.000
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
WANTED— A small Improved ranch for the
$5000 equity of gilt-edge income property
situated In the center of Oakland. Address
* Ranch, box 9, Call office. Oakland.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6V4 per cent on real estate;
2d and 3d mortgages, estates, undivided Inter-
ests, real estate In probate. life insurance,
goods in warehouse, furniture and pianos
• without removal; mortgages and legacies
bought: no delay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Mont-
gomery, room 3. ; .' .
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda. at lowest rates, without
removal: no commissions; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission, above "sixth;
tel. South 14.
ADVANCES quick on furniture, pianos, with-
out removal; mdse In storage; life Ins. poli-
cies, house rents, bank books, etc. ; low In-
terest: private: no com. R. 68, 1170 Market.
$5 UP to any amount on Indorsed paper,
planes, furniture or jewelry; all business
strictly confidential: private offices. M. E
DOUOAW * CO., 230 Kenrny st.: upstairs.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market St. ; tel. Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos: city or Oakland; no re-
moval: low rates: nn commission: $25 up;
private party. BONELLI, 402 Geary st.
LOANS on real estate and on furniture or
pianos without removal; any amount; lowest
rates. BECKER & CO., 32S Montgomery st.
$l,iwi.ono TO lnan on diamonds; low interest:
perfect secrecy; private entrance: gentle-
manly assistants. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
GO to a regular licensed pawnbroker at 1
Fourth st., upstairs; strictly private; low
rates; tel. Red 1121; established 1569.
ANY sum. Ist or 2d mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, etc. Room 7. 50S California St.
$50 TO $r.n,non: lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortg.;
Aiy proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country: any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY, 628 Mkt st.
ON pianos, furniture: no removal: lowest
rates: no com.; private, lifi McAllister st.
SIXTH, in- Most reliable place to borrow
money; diamonds and jewelry.
«lo LARKlN— Branch office of The Call. Sub-
pcrlptlons nnd want ads taken.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for Woolen Blankets— General
Depot of the Quartermaster's Department,
86 New Montgomery st., San Francisco, Cal.,
February 11, IS9S— Sealed proposals, in tripli-
cate, will be received at this office until 11
o'clock a. m.. Pacific standard time, MOK-
D\Y. March 14. IS9S. and then opened, for
furnishing this depot with 3000 Woolen
Blankets. Proposals for delivery at other
points will be considered. The right to ac-
cept or reject any or all proposals is re-
served. Preference will be given to articles
of domestic production and manufacture, con-
ditions of quality and price (Including in the
price of foreign production nnd manufactures
the duty thereon) bring equal, and such pref-
erence given to articles of American produc-
tion and manufacture produced on the Pacific
Const, to extent of consumption required by
the public service there. Blanks and full In-
formation as to bidding, specifications, <he,
will be furnished by this office on applica-
tion. Envelopes containing proposals should
be marked "Proposals for Blnnkets."
JAMES M. MOORE, Assistant Quurter-
master-Oeneral. U. S. Army, Depot Quar-
termaster.
CO-PARTNERSHIP NOTICES.
CERTIFICATE of Partnership— We certify
that we constitute a pirtnershlp, transacting
business of transfer, furniture moving, stor-
age and drayage In this State. Its principal
place of business Is 12 Grant avenue, San
Francisco, California. Its name Is SAN
FRANCISCO TRANSFER COMPANY. The
full names and respectl\-e places of resi-
dence of all Its members are signed hereto.
Dated at San Francisco, February second,
(2d), 1898.
J. J. GAFFNEY, [Seal]
818H Bansome street.
LEMUEL H. LUCAS, [Seal]
811 Lombard street.
GEORGE R. P. GRUNWALD. [Seal]
10 Miles court.
A. W. JOHNSON, [Seal]
114 Webster street.
Filed February 6. 1898.
C. F. CURRY. Clerk.
By WILLIAM A. DEANE. Deputy Clerk.
LEGAL NOTICES.
STATE of California— l, EMILIE SAXLEH-
NER. of Budapest, Hungary, doing busi-
ness under the firm name of Andreas Sax-
lehner. hereby certify that I bottle and sell
Mineral Water, to wit: Bitter Water, bear-
ing the words. "Saxlehner's Bltterquelle
Hunyadi Janos," In raised letters blown In
the bottom of each bottle, and that my prin-
cipal place of business in the State of Cali-
fornia, is in the County of San Francisco.
Dated January 21. IS9B.
EMILIE RAXLEHNER.
DEPARTMENT No. 10, Probate— ln the Su-
perior Court In and for the City and Coun-
ty of San Francisco, State of California—
In the matter of the estate of JACOB C.
JOHNSON, deceased.
Notice Is hereby given that Thursday, the
24th day of February, A. D. 1898, at 10 o'clock
a. m. of said day, and the court room of De-
partment No. 10. of said Court, at the New
City Hall. In the City and County of San
Francisco, State of California, have been ap-
pointed as the time and place for proving
the will of said JACOB C. JOHNSON, de-
ceased, and for hearing the application of
ANNA E. JOHNSON for the issuance to her
of letters testamentary.
Dated February 10, A. D. IS9S.
CHARLES F. CURRY, Clerk.
[Seal] By E. 8. HAWLEY, Deputy Clerk.
J. A. STEPHENS, Attorney for Petitioner.
Room 503, Claus Spreekels building.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from William N. Lamb, in the Croff
mine, near Oleta. Amador County, to deposit
tailings behind the dam of the Cambridge
mine, in Dry Creek: from B. F. Steese and O.
Woehler, In the Long Ravine mine, near
Spenceville. Nevada County, to deposit tail-
Ings in Long Ravine: and from J. W. Cum-
mins, In the Amo mine, near Orovllle. Butte
County, to deposit tailings in Cherokee Ra-
vine, gives notice that a meeting will be held
at room 50. Flood building, San Francisco,
Cal., on February 28, 1898, at 1:30 p. m.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY;
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. 'a
BEAUTIFUL house of 8 rooms, laundry
- and t bath, basement -.: completely ,■ plastered;
nickel plated plumbing,, open work; roll rim
porcelain tub; plate glass windows: ■■■ house
beautifully • tinted: In fact, everything to
make a home ■ comfortable ; . and complete;
house is open for inspection: call and see foi
■ yourself; situated on east side Grove st.,
* between Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth. GEO.
B. M. GRAY, 454 Ninth st., \ Oakland.
HOUSE and lot. ICth st., W. Oakland, for
sale ,or exchange. 1431 Bush St., S. F.
BARGAIN— $2500 each for those new mod-
ern houses being built in Oakland; easy pay-
: ments; call and see plans; money to loan.
LANE, seventh floor, room 6, Mills building,
, San Francisco.
CHEAPEST and. best in America— Weekly
Call. ■: Sent to .' any ' address In the : United
. States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
'" free. -■■ ■ ■■■ -, .■. .-.■ ■ . r ■ ..■; ■- . ■■;■- ■
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
' ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE. '
""7" BARGAINS IN ALAJIEIA HOMES. " : v "'
FINE I two-story house en Broadway: lot BOx
140; price $2400. Neat two-story house on
i Buena Vista aye. lot 50x150: price $1400.
Five-room cottage on Buena Vista aye. ; lot
50x]02: price $1600. Large 9-room cottage with'
basement, ; on Taylor aye. lot 50x140; price
$26c.0. . ; ■ ■■ Z -■ ■ -■_ \ « ■ '--: " •,. . . •
Two new 5-room cottages on Taylor aye. ; lot
33x100; price $2000. New 6-room cottage on
Santa Clara aye.: lot 35x110; price $2650. For
Investment— A fine corner, fronting 115 feet on
a business street, with 4 stores rented; will
sell for $7500; worth $14,000; half purchase
price may remafn on property. Several other
bargains. Call at 1303 Webster St., Alameda,
next to drugstore. A. R. DENKE Sr.
$1200— SACRIFICE: lot 40x207. with good 7-room
house: half block from station and high
school: easy terms.
$2SoO— New modern cottage; lot 40x150; fine
location; $150 cash, $25 per month; for cash
$2'M>: snnp.
$2W>— Beautiful new R-room house, complete;
lot 50x203; choice location; very easy terms.
To Close an Estate— lo-room house; lot 60x140;
Alameua's best location; see this and make an
offer.
$12,750— Better than a Klondike as an Invest-
ment: properties bringing $130 per month;
mortgage of $90f>o can remain; bargain.
Houses to let in nil parts of the city.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.,
1432 Park st.. Alameda.
AT a big bargain— l2-room modern house on one
of the main avenues of Alameda; a corner
lot 75 feet by 174 feet: house cost when built
$7000: now to be had at less than $6000. For
particulars inquire of HERMAN CORDES,
1.r.2 High St.. Alameda.
2-STORY house of 7 rooms; lot 50x100; artesian
well, windmill, tank; must be sold; make an
offer. T. F. BAIRD. 1303 Park St.. Alameda.
ALAMEDA HOUSES TO LET.
TO LET— In Alameda. sunny 9-room house,
furnished, unfurnished or partially furnish-
ed. Inquire at 1137 Broadway, below San
Jope avp.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
NEAR the University and Station— 4 fine lots
for amount of mortgage and Interest; a posi-
tive bargain. JOS. J. MASON, Real Estate,
Berkeley Station.
HORSES.
HOUSE, stabl* and grounds suitable for flor-
ist. 2725 Howard st.
KLONDIKE pack mules and burros for «ale.
Koran's Stockyards. Tenth and Bryant sts.
JUST arrived— 2 carloads broke horses; 1200 to
1600 pounds. 145 Valencia St.
BUGGIES, wagons, horses, carts bought, sold
or exchanged: cheap storage; 40 horses; must
pell. T. P. NEWELL, ISO 2 Mission, cor. 14th.
40 HORSES for sale; also' wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth St.. auction sales every Wed-
nesday. BTTtJJVAW * DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WAGO.TS AND CARRIAGES.
FIRST-CLASS new phaeton, cheap: owner has
no use for it. 22 Golden Gate aye.
FOR sale— Phaeton, top buggy and business
buggy. 903 Golden Gate avenue.
WE sell at bargnlns the second-hand carriages,
coupes and wagonettes taken in exchange.
O'BRIEN & SONS, corner Golden Gate aye.
and Polk st.
SECOND-HAND grocery. bakery delivery
wagons, 2-\vheoled carts, road wagons, bug-
gies and harness bargains for cash. Fifteenth
and Valencia sts.
TOP buggy, new grocery, business buggy and
good 3-sprlnp delivery wagon. 1161 Howard.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or installments; 1 line top and open
buggy: also 1 hack. 32S Harrison st.
BIRTHS— MARBIAGES— DEATHS.
BORN.
HOLMAN— In this city, February 12, 1898, to
the wife of S. S. Holman, a daughter.
DIED.
Beebe, Rosanna Hagan, Jennie
Bell, Addle F. Kowalsky, Levl
Blake, Elizabeth Keating, Richard
Bollinger, Nickolas Kittler, Albert
Bunker, Rufus K. Lind, Martha
Brugge, Ferdinand Lefor. Annie
Black, Jeane McQuaide, Michael
Clyne, Matthew R. Martin. Robert
Cain, Thomas Meniah, Joseph
Pevany, Mary T. Fhillppsen, Barbara
Flannery, Mary L. Pomeroy, Ann R.
Gottlob, Annie F. Raymond, Frank C.
Groves, James O. Penf. Lizzie A.
Gaskln. Elizabeth B. Sheedy. Ellen
Galvin, Garret Shields, Robert J.
Hardy, Mary A. Schroeder, Anthony
Yung, Michael
BEEBE— In Alameda, February 11, 1898, Ro-
sanna, beloved wife of the lute Colonel Jake
Beebe, and sister of Mrs. Mary Marlowe of
3261 Harrison street, San Francisco, a nativa
of County Meath. Ireland, aged 64 years.
E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invtte.l to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence
of her sister, Mrs. Mary Marlowe, 3261 Har-
rison street, thence to St. Peter's Church,
Twenty-fourth and Alabama streets, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose OI her soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
BELL— In this city, February 12 18»8. Addle
F., beloved wife of John K. Bell, daughter of
Mrs. I. J. Willits. and sister of O. S., J. M.,
C. L. and I. J. Willits and Mr.s. C. M.
Bowon. a native of Indiana, ageB 34 years.
t>"Frientls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 21 Elgin Park. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral-
cor.
C. O. F. — Officers and members of Eureka Cir-
cle No. 39, C. O. F., are requested to attend
the luneral of our late past chief compan-
ion, Mrs. Addie F. Bell. By order
MRS. S. COLLINS, C. C.
F. GOETZ, Fin. Sec.
BLAKE— In this city, February 13, 1898, Eliza-
beth, beloved wife of the late John Blake,
and mother of Thomas F., John P. and Flos-
sie A. Blake; and Mrs. James J. Murray, and
sister of Mrs. John Doyle, a native of Lim-
erick. Ireland, aged 63 years and 4 months.
(Grass Valley and Boston papers please
copy.)
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 719 Golden Gate avenue, thence to
St. Mary's Cathedral, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be held for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BOLLIXGEH-In this city. February 12, 1898.
Nickolas, beloved hußband of Mary Bollin-
ger. father of Frank, James, Louis, Charles,
Henry, George, Emma. Kate and Jeßsie Bol-
llnger, and brother of Frank Bollinger, Mrs.
Emma poll and Mrs. Horitz, a native of St.
Louis, Mo., aged 52 years 3 months and IS
days. A member of Unity Lodge No. 27,
A. O. U. W., and Austrian Benevolent So-
ciety. (St. Louis, Mo., papers please copy.)
(dTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 223 Green street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
A. O. U. W.— Hall of Unity Lodge No. 27, A.
O. U. W.j ?2 O'Farrell street: The funeral
escort is hereby notified to assemble at the
hall this (Monday) morning, at 9:34)
o'clock, to attend the funeral of our late
brother, N. Bollinger. Fines will be strictly
enforced. By order of
C. W. PECK, Master Workman.
H. dRIMSHAW. Recorder.
BUNKER— In the City and County Hospital,
February 13, 1898, Rufus King Bunker, a na-
tive of Maine, aged 50 years.
BRUGGE— In this city, February 13, 1898, Fer-
dinand, twin brother of Henry and brother
of John and Hermann Brugge, a native of
Eckernfoerde, Schleswig, Germany, aged 44
years 7 months and 5 days.
BLACK— In this city, February 13, li9B, Jane,
beloved wife of the late William Black, and
mother of Thomas. Jeane and Elizabeth
Black, a native of Ayr, Scotland, aged 72
years.
CLYNE— In this city, February 11, 1838. Mat-
thew R., beloved husband of Delia Clyne,
and father of Thomas J. Clyne, Mrs. John
Serr.au and the late Edward M. and Bart-
ley P. Clyne, a native rf Ireland, aged 53
years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from his "ate ,-esl-
dence, 769 Harrison street, thence to St.
Rose's Church, Brannan street, near Fourth,
for services. Interment Holy Cross cemetery.
CAIN— In this city, February 7, ISOS. Thomas,
beloved husband of Mary Cain, and late com-
mander of James A. Garfleld Post, G. A. R..
a nativa of Ireland, agi>l SJ years.
lE?" Friends and acquaintances and member*
of the Grand Army of the Republic and
auxiliary organizations are respectfully in-
vited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 'J:3O o'clock, from the parlors
of Me A voy & Co., 1235 Market street, thence
to Sacred Heart Church, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DEVANY-In this city, February 11, IS9B, Mary
T., beloved wife of John A. Devany, and
mother of John A. Jr., Mollie and Annie
Devnny, a native of Galway, Ireland. (New
Orleans, La., papers please copy.)
ICT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 218 Shotwell street, thence to the
Church of St. Charles Borromeo, Eighteenth
and Shotwell streets, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated tor the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cruss Cemetery.
FLAXXERY-In Oakland, February 12. IS9B.
Mary L., beloved wife of James Flannery,
and sister of Mrs. M. Dowd and Mrs. K. O,
Tyrrell, a native of Flushing, Long Island,
N. V., aged 66 years and 7 months.
(GTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from, her late resi-
dence, 1267 Campbell street, thence to the
Church of St. Patrick, where a solemn mass
will be celebrated for the repose of the soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
(OTTLOB— In this city, February 13, 1898, An«
nic F., beloved sister of Jacob J. and Joseph
Gottlob, a native of Boston, aged 2S years.
H^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral service*
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 10:13 o'clock, at hei
late residence, st>3 Bush street. Interment
private.
GROVES-In this city, February 12, 1898,
James 0., beloved husband of Pearl M,'
Groves, and father of Harry L. Groves, a na-
tive of Wiscasset, Me., aged 33 years.
lE7"Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Mon-
day), at 2:30 o'clock, at his late • residence,
1111 Van Ness avenue. Interment private.
GASKIN— In this city, February 12, IS9«, Eliza-
beth 8., relict of the late G. W. Gaskin. and
mother of John B. Gaskin, a native of Mich-
igan, aged t>B years 11 months and 11 days.
(C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
GALVIN— In this city, February 12. 1898, Gar-
ret, beloved husband of Mary A. Galvin, and
father of Charles A., William A., E. J. and
Harry M. Galvin, a native of Antigonlch,
Nova Scotia, aged 75 years and 4 months.
(GTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 10:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English, 41 Van Ness avenue,
near Market street. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery by electric cars from Fourteenth
and Mission streets at 11:15 o'clock.
HARDY— In Oakland, February.. 12, 1898, Mary
A., beloved wife of L. J. Hardy Sr., and
mother of R. C. Potts, a native of Phila-
delphia, Pa., aged 69 3'ears.
!E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 715 Market street. Services at
First Unitarian Church, Fourteenth and Cas-
tro streets, at 2 o'clock. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery.
HAGAX-In this city. February 13, 1898, Jen-
nie, beloved child of James and Jennie S.
Hagan.
IE? Notice of funeral hereafter.
KOWALSKY— In Oakland, February 13, 1898,
Levi, beloved father of Isaac, Edward H.,
Joseph N. and Henry I. Kowalsky, a native
of Brisk, aged S2 years and 8 months.
tC^Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Tues-
day), at 2 o'clock, at the residence of his
son, Joseph N. Kowalsky, southeast corner
of Geary and Franklin streets. Interment
Hills of Eternity Cemetery by 3:15 p. m.
train from Third and Townsend streets.
Please omit flowers.
KEATING— In this city, February 11. 1898,
Richard, dearly beloved husband of Elizabeth
Keating and father of Maggie, John. David,
Thomas, George, Arthur and the late Rich-
ard Keating, a native of Ttppoury, Ireland,
aged 55 years.
(C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, CO9 Grove street; thence to Sacred
Heart Church, Fell and Fillmore streets,
whore a solemn requiem rr.ass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock, thence by 11 a. m. Tiburon
ferry, broadgauge. Interment San Rafael
Cemetery.
KITTLER— In this city, February 13. 189 S. Al-
bert, dearly beloved son of William and Jo-
sephine Kittler, and brother of Mrs. Joseph
Dome, Mrs. Harry Landwe-hr and George W.
C., Lena, Cecelia, William Jr., Loui and Ed-
die Kittler, a native of San Francisco, aged
4 years 6 months and 13 days.
LIND— In the City nnd County Hospital, Feb-
ruary 12, 1898. Martha Llnd, a native of
Pennsylvania, aged 63 years.
LEFOR— In this city. February 12, 1898. Anl
nic, beloved wife of Adolph Lefor. and sis-
ter of Mrs. Mary Scott and Mrs. B. J. Bird-
sail, a native of Canada, aged 48 years.-'
[C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2940 Fillmore street, thence to St.
BridKefs Church, Van Ness avenue and
Broadway, where a mass will he celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
McQUAIDE— In this city, February 11, 1898.
Michasl, beloved husband of Mary Mc-
Quaide, and dearly beloved father of Kath-
ryn G.. Owen J. and Sarah C. McQuaide.
Mrs. M. Cooper and Mrs. James P. Fogartj-.
a native of County Donegal, Ireland, aged
74 years and 3 months.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to atfend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 3369 Seventeenth street, thence to
Mission Dolores Church, corner Sixteenth
and Dolores streets, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
sou], commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MARTIN— In this city, February 12. 1898. at
the Potrero. Robert Martin, a native of Ire-
land, aged 3." years.
[CTFriendq and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tue?day), at^2 o'clock, from I. O. O. F.
Hall, Seventh and Market streets. Remains
at the parlors of the United Undertakers. 27
and 29 Fifth street. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
MENISH— In the City and County Hospital,
February- 9, I*9B. Joseph, husband of Sarah
Menlsh, "and father of Daisy Menlsh, aged 53
year:! 9 months and 16 days.
PHILIPPSEN— In this city, February 13, 1898.
Barbara, beloved wife of Henry Phtlippsen, a
native of Baltimore, Md., aged 47 years and
9 months.
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral t'. -morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 12Vs McLea court, off Ninth street, be-
tween Harrison and Bryant. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
POMEROY— In this city, February 13, 1898,
Ann Rebecca, wife of the late John Norton
Pomeroy, aged 6S years.
(C?" The funeral services will be held
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 9:45 o'clock, at St.
Luke's Church. Interment private.
RAYMOND- In the City and County Hospital.
February 13. IS9S. Frank Christy Raymond, a
native of Massachusetts, aged 3S years.
SENF-In this city, February' 12, 1898, Lizzie
A., beloved wife of George Senf and mother
of Leon S. Quimby and Eva E. Senf, a native
of New Hampshire, aged 56 years 11 months
and 11 days. (Sacramento Cal., Virginia
City, Nev., and Andover, N. H., papers
please copy.)
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fnlly Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow'
(Tuesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 2751 Bush street. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
SHEEDY— In this city, February 12. 1898, El-
len Sheedy, a native of Ireland, aged 68
years.
(CTNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgom-
ery avenue.
SHIELDS— In this rity, February 13, IS9B, Rob-
ert James, beloved son of Catherine and the
late Thomas J. Shields, and beloved brother
of Emma Clarke and Thomas S. Shields, de-
ceased, a native of Snn Francisco, aged 25
years 3 months and 23 days.
tCTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1321V4 California street, between Hyde
and Leavenworth. thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral. Van Ness avenue and O'Farrell
street, for services, commencing at 2 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
! SCHP-OEDER— In this city, February 13. IWB,
Anthony, beloved husband of Matilda Schroe-
der, and father of Mrs. Bertha Handman
and Ottn. W. E. ami Theodore C- Schroeder.
a native of Germany, aged 69 years and 7
months.
YUNG— In Oakland, February sfl. IS3K, Michael,
beloved husband of Margaret Yung, and fath-
er of Walter and Ralph Yung, a native of
Germany, aged 47 years 6 months and 3
days.
(CTFriend.s and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from Alca.-ar build-
ing. 120 O'Farrell street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
A. O. U. W.— Burns Lodge No. 68. A. O. U. W.
Officers and members of Burns Lodge No. 68,
A. O. U. W.. will assemble at their hall thin
dny (Monday), at 1 o'clock, to attend the
funeral of our late brother. Michael Yung.
By order F. HULSMAN, M. W.
G. POBUCAir, Recorder.
McAVOY & GALLAGHER, ' " I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS I
20 FIFTH ST., Opp. Lincoln School. i
Telephone, South SO. |
111. n. .m'avov. Manager. i
McflUOY «fc CO.,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS, I
1235 Market St.. between Sth aud yth. f
T l^g.Pk o_n.g0 _ n .g ■_ Sout h 247 . I
1112
SEAWELL
WILL HEAR
A SENSATION
Suit of C. B. Polhemus
Against C. Mayne
to Be Tried.
Was the Board of Super
visors Bribed in the
. Matter?
Hundreds of Thousands Ex
changed for Mere
Thousands.
POLHEMUS WANTS RELIEF
Htetory of the Market-Street Com
pany Will Come Into the
Case.
The opening statement In one of the
most sensational civil cases that have
yet occupied attention will be made be
fore Judge Seawell to-day. Allegations
of fraud against Charles Mayne, the de
ceased millionaire capitalist, will form
a part of the proceedings, and another
prominent capitalist still doing busi
ness in San Francisco will probably be
drawn into the litigation to explain how
It was that a former Board of Super
visors was induced to part with $300,000
worth of the stock of the San Francisco
and San Jose Railroad for the paltry
sum of $1000. The suit is that of C. B.
Polhemus against the estate of Charles
Mayne and others.
The history of the case goes back to
mentioned was projected as an iron
highway into San Francisco.
McLaughlin & Houston, the contract
ors for the road, having completed the
work and finding themselves financially
embarrassed by an indebtedness of over
one million dollars sold out their in
terest in the property and contract
to a company consisting of the late
Peter Donahue, the late H. M. Newhall
and C. B. Polhemus, the plaintiff in the
action, for advances in coin and other
obligations to an aggregate of $1,177,
007 15.
With the idea of controlling the entire
stock and all the bonds of the concern
the three partners entered into con
tracts for the city and county of San
Francisco, the county of Santa Clara
and the county of San Mateo for the
A NEW CHILCOOT
SLEIGH.
It was thought that when the over
head trolley system was Inaugurated
the dangers and hardships encountered
in climbing steep Chilkoot were les
sened, but now comes a scheme that
would seem an improvement-
A company has been organized in this
city, with a capital of $200,000, to oper
ate on a stationary cable from Dyea to
Lake Lindeman, which is both novel
and ingenious.
G. S. Fouts is the inventor of
a rotary whip-wheel which has been
successfully operated in logging camps
and in other places, and he has put his
idea into a sleigh which he feels con
fident will solve the problem that has
been the bugbear to prospectors. Su
perintendent Owens has taken his idea
and designed the sleigh, which will be
operated by a specially built gasoline
engine.
The contrivance is such that by
means of the motor power in the sleigh
the wheels are set in motion, and, re
volving, catch up the slack of the cable
and force the vehicle over the snow.
The speed can be regulated from one to
nine miles an hour, and its inventor
claims it will not slip on the steepest
grade. On a level it is capable of pull
ing 100 tons. The sleigh measures
•iehteen feet ovfer all. Steel and bronze
purchase of 6000 shares of the stock of
the railroad owned by these corpora
tions. Thus the three capitalists be
came the practical owners of the road.
In order to carry out his Interest in
the concern and pay up the Interest on
his shares of the stock Mr. Polhemus
applied to Charles Mayne for pecuniary
assistance. In consideration that he
should put up the necessary coin an
agreement was entered into between
Mayne and Polhemus by which the lat
ter transferred one-half his interest to
Mayne.
Shortly afterward Polhemus went
East to obtain from the Government in
bonds and lands a subsidy for the com
pany. Before leaving he confided his
interest in the road to his partner
Mayne. On his return, as is claimed by
the plaintiff, the defendant made repre
sentations that the property was losing
money, when, as a matter of fact, it
was paying a large profit, and by such
representations induced him to part
with his interest for a small sum.
This is the large point at issue, for
it has since been discovered that Mayne's
representations to Polhemus were un
true, and that at the time that he
claimed the road was losing money it
was in reality in good financial condi
tion.
Then follows allegations of the ne
gotiations for the purchase by the San
Francisco and San Jose Railroad Com
pany of the Market Street Railroad
Company of its owners, Donahue, New
hall and L. L. Robinson. This pur
chase was made before the plaintiff left
California, and was for $250,000, in
bonds of the Market Street Railroad
Company guaranteed by the San Fran
cisco and San Jose Railroad Company.
After this purchase a new company
was incorporated, entitled the Market
Street Railway Company, with a capi
tal stock of 7500 shares, and 6500 of
these shares were subscribed for by
Donahue, Newhall and Mayne. In
payment they gave their checks for
$36,670 each, which checks were never
used, but were returned in 1870 after
the sale and transfer of the above men
tioned railroad and railway to Stan
ford, Huntlngton, Hopkins and Crock
er.
Prior to Polhemus' departure for the
East the Southern Pacific Railroad ex
isted as a corporation on paper, and
Mayne was one of its promoters and
incorporators, and also one of its large
stockholders. It appears that on Sep
tember 22, 1866, while Polhemus was in
the East, the project of the Southern
Pacific Railroad for purchasing the
San Jose Railroad was already con
ceived and steps were being taken to
accomplish that end. On that day a
map of the Southern Pacific Railroad
route was prepared, on which it was
delineated as commencing in San Fran
cisco and running over the line of the
San Francisco and San Jose Railroad
through Gilroy. Then began negotia
tions between Messrs. Donahue, New
hall and Mayne for and on behalf of
themselves and the Southern Pacific
Railroad, with Messrs. Lloyd Tevis and
H. W. Carpentler, representing Stan
ford, Huntingdon, Hopkins and Crock
er, to sell the San Jose Railroad and
the Market Street Railway for
$3,250,000. On January 29. 1567, Messrs.
Donahue, Newhall and Mayne signed
an agreement segregating their inter
ests in the San Jose Railroad and Mar
ket Street Railway, each taking one
third of the bonds and stock and own
ership.
The sensational feature that Is ex
pected to develop, however, lies in the
disposition of $300,000 of the stock of the
company that was purchased by the
municipality by the exchange of a like
amount of municipal bonds. The
charges will be made that by getting
an act passed through the Legislature
enabling the municipal corporation to
sell these bonds to the best advan
tages, the Board of Supervisors was
manipulated in such a manner that
$1000 was all that the city ever received
out of the transaction. It is charged
also that Mayne refused to render a
statement to Polhemus and that the
latter was defrauded out of more than
$100,000,000 In the operation.
THE CORNERSTONE LAID.
Impressive Ceremonies at Park Con-
gregational Church.
The cornerstone of Park Congregational
Church, Hayes street, between Lyon and
Central avenue, was laid yesterday after
noon with Impressive ceremonies.
Eloquent addresses were made by Revs
George C. Adams. D.D., and William
Rader. The greetings were feelingly pro
nounced by Revs. F. R. Farrand and S S
Cryer. D. D. The Lords Prayer was de
livered by Rev. *\ B. Cherrlrigton. D.D
ana the pa6tor. Rev. James B. Orr, in
voked the divine blessing. Frederick A
Hatch is chairman of the building com
mittee, which was warmly congratulated
on the completion of this stage of the
work in hand.
To Cure Headache In 15 Minutes.
Take Dr. Davis' Anti-Headache. All
Druggists. •
are being used in its construction, and
when completed it will weigh in the
neighborhood of 3500 pounds. The bot
tom will be built of the finest oak and
in addition have two six-inch runners.
There will be a canopy to protect the
machinery.
Passengers and freight will be car
ried by means of toboggans attached to
the locomotive sleigh. Warehouses will
be erected by the company at Dyea and
Lake Lindeman for the storage of
freight.
On Tuesday twenty-seven miles of
cable similar to that used on street
railway was shipped to Dyea on the
Bessie K.
Mr. Fouts intends to accompany his
invention in order to put it In working
order. He has the greatest confidence
in it, and believes that his company will
gain the great portion of the travel that
is now pouring in. He says that one
man can manage the sleigh, and, hav
ing the cables anchored at both ter
minals, It can be operated back and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1898.
"OLD TIMERS"
ON THE DIAMOND
Weil-Known Players Ap
pear lor the Benefit of
Tom Power.
California Markets Barely Es
cape a Shut-Out After an
Exciting Game.
"McGlnty" Carroll and the Old Fa
vorites Receive an Enthusi
astic Reception.
"Gooda the boy, Rube! Run, you
; Rube! Hold yer base, yer safe, Levy!"
These and many other enthusiastic
expressions floated across the diamond
■ yesterday in the benefit game between
| the "Old Warhorses" and the Califor
i nia Markets.
Cranks, who in the halcyon days of
baseball at the old Haight street
grounds never missed a game, were
I there in force, and the present day lov
ers of the national sport added to the
crowd by turning out In large num
bers.
An ideal day and a chance to do a
good turn for smiling Tom Power, who
so ably held down the initial bag for
the champion Haverleys, attracted
nearly 5000 people to the grounds. Each
man felt in duty bound to join his voice
i in the game, and the noise that was
< generated could be heard blocks away.
As the old favorites went to bat they
were greeted with cheers which must
i have gladdened their hearts and re
; payed them for playing.
Handsome Bill Lange and "Shorty*
Carroll divided the ovations with Rube
i Levy, the bleachers' pride, and "Two
! base" Pete Sweeney. Every move these
| men made, every time they were lucky
enough to reach first, they were greet
ed with boundless enthusiasm.
Yet above the noise there was always
heard one deep voice, coaching the "Old
Timers." It was no one else but Joe
Feehan, the champion rooter of the old
Haight street grounds. His encourag
ing words time and again raised their
drooping spirits, and engendered new
hope into them. To his presence may
be attributed the evenness of the
score.
It was a great game! The California
Markets barely escaped a shut-out.
They played hard and fast, but were
able to roll up but four runs, and It
might be said that this would not have
occurred but for the wildness of John
son's pitching. The latter seems to
have taken on an abundance of flesh,
and this balked him in his movements.
Anyhow, he should have known better.
The old-timers were first to bat, Van
Haltren, Mertes and Lange going out in
order.
Johnson gave Krug a base on balls,
and then advanced him to second on a
wild pitch. Monahan was aJso given a
life. Then Marty Murphy sent a
grounder to Johnson, who threw to
third to catch Krug. but too late. With
three on bases, Hearty singled to the
right field fence, and Krug scored. Fred
Lange was given a base en balls, forc
ing Monahan in. Pyne hit to the pitch
er, who threw Murphy out at the plate.
Reilly flew out to Levy, and after a
short run Rube nailed it. He shot the
ball to Mertes with such force that the
forth. In Spokane he tested his wheel
on one of the steepest bluffs, when two
men using hand power were able to
travel back and forth for nearly a
thousand feet with nearly two tons to
carry- The fact that the sleigh will
have to climb an elevation of 52 degrees
does not make any difference, as he
says it can easily be done while carry-
Ing six tons.
latter dropped it, otherwise they would
have doubled Fred Lange, who re
turned to second. He tried again to
reach third, when Mertes threw to Bill
Lange to catch Pyne off first, and Bill
returned the ball to Mertes in time to
put his namesake out, ending the in
ning.
In the next Inning Pete Sweeney
scored on a two-base hit and Matt
Stanley's single. The Markets in their
half could do nothing owing to the clev
er fielding of the "Old Timers."
When "McGinty" Carroll strode to
the plate to open the third inning he
received a warm reception. After
blushing becomingly, he threw his chest
out and rapped the sphere to Monahan,
and was retired. Van Haltren then
landed for two bases, and was ad
vanced on Mertes' sacrifice. "Graceful"
Bill Lange sent a hot grounder to
"Heney" Krug, and reached first on the
fumble, Van Haltren scoring. Pete
Sweeney ended the Inning by going out
on a short hit to second.
The Markets, with the assistance of
a few more bases on balls from John
son, added their last tally in their half
of the third.
Johnson retired to the bench in the
fifth, giving way to Phil Knell, who
up to that time only had a speaking
part in the game. Matt Stanley
changed positions with Carroll, the lit
tle fellow making no objection, as he
was placed close to the grand stand,
where the eyes of the ladies were cast
en his form. Standing in the shade,
wearing a glove nearly as big as him
self, the popular little player waited
for flies that never came.
In the sixth the "Old Timers" gained
their last run. Peoples was given a
base on balls, reached second on Stan
ley's single and scored on Fred Lange's
high throw of "Shorty" Carroll's bunt.
After the sixth inning neither side I
scored, although men were repeatedly
on bases. The Markets put up a fine
exhibition, but the "Old Timers" were
an improvement. Iberg was given
strong support, and pitched his usual
good game.
As the services of the man in the box
office, the ticket receivers, the umpires
and the players were gratis, Jim Pow- i
er should receive a neat sum to lessen ■
his worry during his sickness.
The following score tells what has
been omitted:
Old Timers. AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Van Haltren, o. f... 5 1 1 1 2 0 0
Mertes, 3b 4 0 1 0 6 1 0
Bill Langre. lb 5 0 0 0 2 10
Pete Sweeney, 2b.... 5 1 2 0 8 1 0
Levy, 1. f 5 0 10 2 10
Peeples, s. s 4 1 0 0 2 4 0
Stanley, r. t. & c... 4 0 2 0 4 1 1
Johnson, p 1 o 0 0 0 2 0
Carroll, c. * r. f.... 3 0 1 0 3 1 0
Knell, p 2 0 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 33 3 8 1 24 12 1
Cal. Markets. AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Krug. 8. s 3 110 18 2
i Monahan, 1. f 3 1 0 2 6 0 0
i Murphy, lb 3 1 0 1 14 0 0
1 Hearty, r. f 4 12 0 0 0 0
Fred Lange, 3b 2 0 0 0 0 6 1
Pyne, c. t 4 0 10 0 0 0
Rellly, 2b 3 0 10 2 8 1
Iberg, p 3 0 0 115 0
Stroecker, c 3 0 1 0 4 0 0
Totals 28 4 6 4 27 17 4
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Old Timers 0 1 1 0 0 1 0 0 0 3
Base hits 0 2 1 0 1 1 1 1 I— S
California Markets 3 0 10 0 0 0 0 •— 4
Base hits 1 0 2 1 0 1 0 1 •— 6
Earned runs— Old Timers 1. Two-base hits— |
Van Haltren, Mertes, P. Sweeney, Hearty and
Rellly. Base on errors— Old Timers 4. Califor
nia Markets 1. Base on balls— Old Timers 4,
California Markets 6. Left on bases— Old Tim
ers 10, California Markets 9. Struck out— By
Iberg 4, by Knell 2. by Johnson 1. Hit by
pitcher— Krug. Double plays— Levy to Mertes
to Lange to Mertes, Krug to Reilly to Murphy.
Passed balls— Carroll 1. Stroecker 2. Wild
pitches— Johnson 2. Balk— lberg. Time of game
—1 hour and 40 minutes. Umpires — McDonald
and Gagus. Official scorer— J. W. Stapleton.
O'Brien's patent spring; best and easiest
riding buggy made; rubber or steel tires.
O'Brien & Sons, Golden Gate avenue and
Polk street. •
RACING AT EMERYVILLE.
One of the Best Cards Offered the
Race-Goers To-Day.
The card for this afternoon is one of the
best offered during the present meeting
by the Emeryville management. The en
try list is large, and the different fields
appear well matched.
Following are the entries:
First race— Six furlongs, purse; three-year
olds.
583 Ravalette 105 680 D. of York 11.110
95 Hurly 8ur1y.. .100 580 Wdf'd f111y....10;
386 Joe Levy 102 680 Yule 105
325 Morana 10) 6SO Glenn Ann 105
672 Eroica 105 98 The Ace 103
379 Hertha 105 660 Loumont 100
660 Fn. Princess... 100 660 Ockturuck 102
683 P. A. Fin'gan.llo 683 Eppinger 105
202 Punter 1001
Second race — Three and a half-f urlon ga ;
two-year-olds; Bellini?.
666 Malay 105 I (586) Clarando 107
L Parlasseuse..lo7 679 Amoltopec 107
673 Anchored 105 679 Master Buck ..106
666 Vioris 109 685 B'a Ventura. ..lo7
.... Owyhee 110 .... Loyalle 107
673 Magno 110
Third race — Selling; three-year-olds.
684 Kalserin 97 1 (667) Estro 107
440 Toto 97] iTI Magnus 104
(344) Rox'y Murphy. 104 I .... Muldrew 102
(482) Dr. Marks ....104 583 Lee Kylo 102
584 Bow & Arrow. 99 667 Brambella 97
454 Town Topics. ..105 684 AVatomba 105
667 El Moro 102 584 Chihuahua 102
554 Valenclenne ...100 684 Abina 97
495 Novla 102 567 Rio Frto 89
563 Al Koran 107
Fourth race— One mile, free handicap;
three-year-olds and upward.
581 Hlghl'd 8a11... 90 677 May TV 108
557 Imperious 88 589 Lincoln II 104
491 Yank. Doodle.. 98 689 Flashlight 105
(589) Paul Qr1Kg5....105 581 Argentina 102
Scarborough ...105
Fifth race— One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and up; selling.
571 Charlotte M.... 77 640 Treachery 104
676 Adam Andrew. 92 (658) Mercutlo 107
684 Dr. Bernayß.... 83 574 Geo. Patmer.... 89
(681) Serena 104 676 Wawona 103
313 Devil's Dream. 96 578 Metaire 94
682 Satyr 92 581 Alvln E 98
650 Don Clarenclo..lo4 674 Pleasanton 98
Sixth rare— Seven furlongs; four-year-olds
and up; selling.
576 Sly 102 577 Olive 105
581 Roche 110 361 Lone Princess. .lo2
659 Koenlgin 102 671 Lost Girl 102
682 Amelia Fonso.-lOS (568) Mainstay 116
549 Kamsin 107 675 Myth 11U
(471) Judge Btouffer.lo4 (490) Montallade ....107
620 OFleeta 107 472 Newsgatherer .110
410 Button 107
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First race— Punter, Yule, The Ace.
Second race— Buena Ventura, Clarando, Vl
orls.
Third race— Chihuahua, Al Koran, Rio Frto.
Fourth race— lmperious, May W., Yankee
Doodle.
Fifth race— Serena, Devil's Dream, Mer
cutlo.
Sixth race— Roche. Myth, Newsgatherer.
Ten cents for a bottle of Low's Hore
hound Cough Syrup. 417 Sanaome at. *
THE JURORS
ARE AFTER
THE SCHOOLS
Thick Coat of War-
Paint Donned for
Directors.
All the Newly Appointed
Teachers May Be Sum
moned to Testify.
Bribery Charges Doubtless tc
Be Sifted by a Drastic
Method.
WILLFUL WASTEOF FUNDS
Failure to Advertise School Work
Will Be Carefully Investigated
at Once.
If any School Directors have been
guilty of accepting bribes for obtain
ing positions in the department for
teachers, as is alleged, it is now pretty
sure that the next step contemplated
by the Grand Jury will bring the fact
to light. It was stated yesterday by
one who is pretty close to several mem
bers of the jury that this step contem
plated is nothing more nor less than
summoning all the teachers who have
secured positions by the favor of the
present board before It, and asking:
them a set of questions as to whether
they have paid for their own positions
or know anybody else who has done so.
This method will take some time, but
it is believed by most of the Grand
Jurymen to be the only way in which
the true status of affairs can be got
at, as It is thought only reasonable
that In so large a number not a few
can be found too conscientious to per
jure themselves. In case the Grand
Jury can secure direct evidence against
any one he will be promptly indicted.
Another thing that will come in for
full investigation will be the immense
amount of money expended by the
School Board in repairs, it being a mat
ter not disputed that the law has been
flagrantly violated in the matter of ad
vertising for bids. The law requires
that in cases of repairs costing more
than $200 the work shall be advertised.
This has been evaded by letting a fa
vorite do a certain part of the work
for so much money, not exceeding the
legal limit, and then another part for
another sum — in reality a sort of sub
division of the necessary work. By this
method cases are known where the
same sewer has been built in two sec
tions.
It is now said that the Lincoln School
lease will not come up until later on
account of the difficulty of securing
evidence. The Grand Jurors realize
that there is too much hard work be
fore them to spend any of their time
in probing into an affair in which no
evidence wan-anting an indictment can
be found. They are going to strike
hardest at what they deem the most
vulnerable parts of the School Board's
armor.
DEATH OF MISS GOTTLOB.
She Wa? Beloved by All in the The-
atrical Profession.
One of the saddest things that has hap
pened In the theatrical profession ww
the death yesterday afternoon of Miss
Annie Goftlob, the only sister of J. J.
and Joseph Gottlob.
Up to last Wednesday Mlas Gottlob
was in very good health, but on the day
aforementioned she complained of feel
ing ill, and a doctor was immediately
called in, and after examining her found
that she had appendicitis and an opera
tion would be necessary immediately, and
on Thursday it was performed. She
seemed to be improving until yesterday
noon, when her brothers were sent for
and they were informed that ?h* was
unconscious, and a few hours after they
got home to 823 A Bush street, she had
passed away.
Miss Gottlob was short and heavily built
and the cause of her death was Heart
failure, though she had the best medi
cal attendance, six doctors being In con
stant attendance.
She was a woman loved by all* she
was welcome everywhere and always
kindly remembered; she never let slip
an opportunity to say a kind word to
those that needed it and was one of the
greatest encouragers of young actresses
Her one aim in life was to make a home
for her brothers and to make life pleas
ant for them.
Minor Games.
Golden Rule Bazaar Juniors 9,
Young Gilt Edges 0; White House 6*
Nationals 5; C. F. Starkes 2, Lions 0-
Young Californias 5, Stars of Oak
land 3.
Rabbi Myers Lectures.
Rabbi Myers lectured at the Bush-street
Synagogue last evening on "The Light of
the Sabbath Lamp." The lecture was de
voted to a history of the Sabbatic institu
tion since its inception at Mount Sinai.
Business cares, he said, should be laid
aside, as it Is an everlasting memorial of
the unity of the Jewish people.
Pozzoni's Complexion
Powdeb produces a soft and beautiful skin:
it combines every element of beauty and
parity.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PRINTED
JL : JL^^'JL.l.' M, m-~4mS m ,
DRESS
FABRICS
• ••••!• jj Jl •••••••
We beg to announce the opening of a
very large and elegant stocK of tr;e very
latest productioQs of Foreign and Do-
roestic PRINTED DRESS GOODS. We
call special attention to our new lines of
French; Printed Crjallies, F nc b Printed
Organdies, Irish Printed Din)ities, prencrj
Printed Jaconets, Printed Percales and
Genuine Cheviots and Madras Cloths.
SPECIALS!
PRINTED FRENCH ORGANDIES, exquisite de-
signs, 31 inches wide— *
25cYard.
AMERICAN PRINTED ORGANDIES, 31 Inches
wide, beautiful designs— .
: : -".// Yard
GENUINE MADRAS ZEPHYRS, 31 Inches wtde,
very latest styles—
15c Yard.
\TATIT OUR MAIL ORDER DEPARTMENT Is
I^l ■ 111 most complete, and out* patpons residing
A l v-r M. M^m in the INTERIOR are requested to writo
for samples of our NEW WASH DRESS FABRICS at once.
All orders from the country will receive prompt and care-
ful attention.
111, 113. 115, 117. 119, 121 POST STREET.
SPECIAL SAVING SALE.
Just think — Sierra Madre
olive oil is selling at a cut ;
price
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
MONDAY— TUESDAY— WEDNESDAY
Eggs 20c
Have been 25c
Sierra Madre olive oil qt Boc
regularly $1 and 60c pt 45
Never before sold at a cut price
It is the best
Cocoanut — desiccated
Schepp's — regularly SOc Ib 22% c
Dunham's — regularly 25c Ib 20c
Vermouth — Cinzano 50c
regularly 60c bottle
The Italian appetizer
Catsup — our bottling 15c
regularly 20c bottle
Under the maker's label it's 25c
Scotch whiskey — D CL $i
regularly $1 35 a bottla (Cale-
donian). A simple recipe for
hot scotch free.
Irish whisky — D C L Boc
regularly $1 bottle (Killycroy)
Time of year for hot drinks
Yin Pasteur — Tonique 6oc
regularly 75c bottle elsewhere
Good tonic but the maker
stopped advertising
Peas — Sea Foam 122 C
regularly 15c tin— very choice
Dates — Fard ioc
regularly 15c Ib— black
Stuff with cream candy
Asparagus — in glass 30c
regularly 40c — enough for a family
Glace fruits (French) 35c
regularly 50c pound here
Cherries 40c
Castile soap — French ba 2 rs 45c
regularly 25c bar— will be higher
Tarragon vinegar — French 20c
regularly 30c quart
Door mats
in. 17x27 18x30 20x32 21x34 23x38
26x40 regularly
$1 00 $1 25 II 50 $2 00 $2 50 $3 00
special 80c Jl 00 $1 20 $1 60 $2 00 $2 40
Extra heavy cocoa
They clean soiled shoes
Tooth brushes— Paris make 25c
regularly 30c
Solid black— won't split or warp
Lots of good bristles
A whole brush keeps teeth whole
SPECIAL SAVING SALB./^''T'-
Olive Oil — Italian $2.50
reduced from $3 40 a gallon
Imported in the original demijohns
Nail brushes-— Paris maie 50c
regularly 75c each :
Made for ladies and to last
Coke! Coke! Coke I
p. a. mcdonald
813 FOLSOM STREET,
Wholesale dealer and shipper of tha baaf
brands of .
. FOUNDRY AND FDRNACE COKE.
I have *on hand a lance Quantity of 84a
Francisco Coke, superior to . anthracite for
furnace or cannel for grate use. This ooka la
made from the best « Wallaend coal, ■ aad caa
recommend It to consumers as an Al article. -
Will Deliver Any Amount From a Bisk to t ShipUaa,
CARLOAD ORDERS SOLJCTTESD.
•if Ft lsw H AKfß^°?
s\^-/V^ rfTTTIfjQr fTTT1fjQ
SPECTACLESfErEfeK
OPTICIANS^
o4Z Market 5t.. instruments
WK« CHOItICLt BuilOiHt,"" r
< f
® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® © ©®®®®®®®9
I INCREASING PATRONAGE, 1
® BOTH LOCAI,* AND TBANSIEKT, ®
® •.-•• PBOVBB THAT THE ©
®LADIES' GRILL®
t -^FALACE ■•
® EXCELS IN EVERYTHING ? THAT , MAKES ©
I ® 4 THE PERTECT RESTAURANT. ; ©
1 © Direct Entrance from Market Street. ©
0 OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT. 1* ®
i ® ®® ® ® ® ®'®'©'® ©©©© © © © ©
Trjkndlty.
rfHIS "WErX-KXOWN AND RKLIABLE OLT»
A Spet-iitlist cures Prlvate,Nervons,Blood and Skla
Diseases of Men only. • Manly Power restored. Over
20 years' experience. Send for Book, free. ' Patients
etiredat Home. Terms reasonable. Hours. 9to 3
daily ; 6:3o to. <<. SO ev'tts. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consulta-
I tion free and sacredly confidential. Chiloraddresa
1». KOS< '<»]: MCNITI.TY, 51 . ».,
26' : Koain r Street. San FranciMtt. fm
Baja California
Idamiana bitters
j-.ls j a powerful . .- phnxusiao and specific : tonia
for . the sexual and * urinary ~ organs - of both
sexes, « and ' a great remedy • for diseases of th«
kidneys and bladder." rA . great • Restorative
Invigorator - and i Nervine. Sells on * its own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary
■ = ;. N ABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents. ■ **
t2» Market Street, S. F.— (Send for Circular.! :
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. J. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC
i £IQO MARKET i ST."." OPP i>AL,Am- •*.
¥y ? Hotel. Telephone 670. Raaida^S V
Valencia street. _T«laphoaa. "Caturch" j»7; ' '
>f!£y DEWEXSTRONG &CH **+>
(* .PATENTS lj
\j»y r-^O MARKET ST. S.F.^3^