VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO. 55.
MILES HAS REACHED THE
POINT OF DEBARKATION
BUT CANNOT
REPORT FOR
SOME TIME
Will First Establish) Land
ing Bases on Porto
Rjco.
Under the Guns of the Naval
CoQVoy Considerable Car) Be
Done Before l^einforce
mer)ts Arrive.
NEW YORK. July 24.— A Washington special to the Her
ald says: Major General Miles, commanding the Porto Rico
expedition, is believed to have arrived at the port of debarka
tion decided upon on the const of Porto Rico. Adjutant General
Corbin, however, said to-day the administration did not expect
to hear from him for several days, owing to the distance that he
would have to send to reach a cable station.
Although General' Miles has less than 5000 effective fight
ing men with him, the officials of the War Department are con
fident he will be able to accomplish all he expected to do before
the arrival of reinforcements. He will establish his landing
bases under the protection of the guns of the naval convoy that
accompanied him.
Tli f landing is so far from San Juan that it will be
impossible for the Spanish commander to concentrate enough
<ps to make much resistance, and before troops could be
sent from San Juan General Miles would be reinforced by the
troops which the War Department is sending after him as rap
idly as possible.
""neral Brooke, who. is to be in command at Porto Rico,
has not yet arrived at Newport News, and it will be Wednesday
at the. -earliest before General Haines' brigade is all loaded on the
transports and is ready to start. His brigade will be followed as
soon as possible by General Fred Grant's brigade.
< n neral Shafter is sending enough transports from Santi
ago to Tampa to earn- 6000 men. It is not probable, however,
that more than half this number will go to Porto Rico from
:-a. as three regiments from there are to go to Santiago.
PUSHING TO THE FRONT
FROM CAMP THOMAS
.-HirKAMAUGA, Term., July 24.—
Although General James F. Wade as
"umt-ii command at Camp Thomas yea
ierday as the successor of General
?rooke, he has not yet selected a loca
r his headquarters.
General Wade's staff, so far as made
ip, is as follows: Maior W. E. Almy,
idjutant general; Lieutenant Colonel
Daniel D. Wheeler, chief quartermas
er; Lieutenant Colonel John Van
3orne, chjef surgeon; Lieutenant ("has.
■P. Hibble. judge advocate; Captain J.
B. Foraker, assistant adjutant genera l .;
tenant Colonel F. D. Baldwin, in
spector general; Lieutenant Colonel
r<--orge Squires, chief signal officer;
Taptain Lloyd C. Griscon, assistant
[uartermaoter and a^de-tTeVcamp; Cap
ain Jay Cook, third commissary; Lleu-
I G. W. Reed, aid-de-camp and
icting ordnance officer; Lieutenant J.
J . Wade, a.d-de-carnp; Major Charles
'. Allison, engineer officer.
. I.- will carry forward th"
it the park without making any
■ant changes in the plans as th<-y
.o\v exist.
The or.lv movement to-day in connec
ion with the Porto Ilican expedition
h r - departure for Newport News
if four batteries of light, artillery, as
ollows: Battery A of Missouri, Bat
ery A of lUin . . Battery Bpf i'-nn
ylvania and the Twenty-seventh Indi
tna battery. These batteries broke
amp a 1 $ o'clock this morMn*" march
»g to RofißVllle, where they took trains
or Newport News. " Each of the four
rlea had six guns, 100 horses and
nules and from 140 to 175 .officers and
nen. Battery A of Illinois was com
nand»d by Captain Phil Yeager, Twen
'■nth Indiana Battery by Captain
'. I'.urtis, Battery B of Pennsylvania
■ A. E. Hunt, and Battery A
it Missouri by Captain F. M. Rum- j
"AMERICANS ABOUT
TO ATTACK MANILA."
LONDON, July 25.— A special dispatch from
Madrid says that General Augusti, Captain General
of the Philippines, has telegraphed to the Covern
ment as foljows :
"The Americans are about to attack Manila.
Grave events are impending."
The San Francisco Call
ho! It. Major General B. Rodney was
in command of this detachment.
The Third Brigade of the First Divis
ion, First Corps, will be the next to
Camp Thomas and will probably
g«>t away to-morrow or Tuesday. Gen
eral Wade, It was authoritatively stat
ed to-night, received orders at a late
hour this evening to rush this brigade
to Newport News as promptly as pos
sible. The brigade consists of the First
and Third Kentucky and the Fifth Illi
nois.
It is the understanding that the First
Brigade of the Second Division will be
ftext to follow. According to the pres
ent plan regiments will continue to go
cut as f.iPt as practicable until the first
corps is exhausted.
It was raining most of to-day at
Camp Thomas and the regiments "spent
the day quietly. The usual divine ser
vices by the chaplains and by the evan
gelists were conducted throughout the
park.
One hundred and sixty-two patients
belonging to the volunteer .army were
to-day removed from Lelter Hospital
to a special train and taken to Mc-
Pherson Barracks Hospital at Atlanta:
Owing; to the limited supply of surgeons
and medical assistants at .this point it
has been deemed best to send those
who, have so far recovered as to be able
to be safely moved to other -points
where they can be cared for and at the
same time make room in the Letter
Hospital for the sick who are now in
the division and regimental field hos
pitals. .-•-, -' ■ • . \; :
GERMAN VESSEL FIRED
UPON BY A CRUISER
ST. THOMAS. July 24.-The German
steamer Croatia, which arrived horc to
day, reports that she was nn T ."l upon throe
times test night about eight mil.-s from
San Juan de Porto Rico by a ship said
•-m rar f of the American inv.adlne
squadron. Thp Croatia was boarded by
an officer understood to be from the
United States cruiser New York fihe
was ailowed to proceed to St. Thomas'
The Croatia had no intentions of enter
ing San Juan.
SAN FKANCISCO, MONDAY, JULY 25, 1898.
On tf>e sout'owest coast of Porto Rico, fifteeo miles west of the city of Ponce, wh>ere General Miles'
expedition was expected to land sorr)e tin)e yesterday. This port affords a good, well
protected harbor, witr; an average depth; of twenty-five feet. The entrance is about a
quarter of a n>ile wide and the bay is about a n>ile and a half long, extending west as
far again as is shown in the picture. A lighthouse stands on the Punta de la Meseta
on th>e rigr;t, going in, and th>e Plaza de Guanica, the port of the city of Yanco, eight
miles inland, is shown at the bacK of tbe bay. Outside of tf)e port is a well-protected
anchorage, large enough to accommodate a hundred or roore styps-of-war.
WHY WATSON'S
DEPARTURE HAS
BEEN POSTPONED.
Reiteration by Germany of Strict
Neutrality and Desire to Place
Sfyps in the Best Condition.
NEW YORK, July 24.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald sends
the following: Two important develop
ments? are responsible io~r th<* post
ponement by the President of the' date
of departure of the Eastern squadron —
the reiteration by Germany of h«r
strict neutrality and the desire of the
naval war board to place the vessels
un,der command of Commodore Watson
In ,the best possible condition before
serJidlng them abroad. The authorities
no^v declare that there is no reason for
harete in sending the ships abroad, and
that while the vessels are in fighting
tri m, It is advisable to put them in
flrrst-class cruising condition and that
the President would determine the date
widen they will leave. It was confi
dently announced to-day- that the next
ten days will reveal the ships which
will be attached to Commodore Wat
son's command. Much depends upon
their condition, and the developments
in Cuba, the Philippines and Europe.
, So far as the authorities can now see,
th • political situation in Europe is
rtiorft favorable to the United States
than it has been at any time since the
dommencement of the war. The collec- j
tilon of such a large number of war
ghlpfl in the vicinity of Spain by the
European powers is not considered a
menace to the United States. Undoubt
edly, the officials ray, they have gone
to that point for observation purposes
and to protect their many interests
afloat and ashore. They give it as their
opinion that no power will Interfere
with the operations of Commodore
vratFon's squadron, and that the
squadron will not cause a wanton de
PUERTO DE GUANICO,
structlon of l!f> and property by>;bom
barrling the coast cities, but Its first
work, ac has been stated, will bo to de-
Plroy the Spanish fleet and with it the
last vestige of Spanish sea power.
Robbed of its entire navy, the au
thorities believe that the Madrid Gov
ernment will be willing to sue for
peace, and a long and dangerous cam
paign to accomplish the reduction of
Havana will thereby be avoided.
SHAFTER EXPLAINS
THE BANISHMENT
SANTIAGO, July 24.— General Shaf
ter pave me a cordial reception when I
called upon him to-day. He said the
expulsion of correspondents was caused
not because of any feeling toward the
newspapers represented, but owing to
the conduct of the reporters personally.
"One correspondent was a nuisance
to every one during the entire cam
paign and was guilty," he said, "of in
solence to a member of my staff and in
solent to me personally and struck at
me. This made him liable to be shot
Without trial. I did not desire to take
an extreme measure, though his action
richly deserved it.
"The othor correspondents were!
found jH)st&g most inflammatory pla- :
cards O-roughout the town. There are j
<■■> mails' discordant elements that it is l
most desirable for public reasons that
not' the slightest ill-feeling should be
••.I. These correspondents Tvere ar
rested and sent home on the first trans
port. This is all I have to say about the j
incident.".
BANISHMENT OF
YELLOW FELLOWS
FROM SANTIAGO.
Punishment Meted Out by General
Shafter Considered Too Merci
ful by Army Officials.
NEW YORK, July 24.— The Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald
telegraphs: Secretary Alger received
to-day from Major General Shafter
an official report regarding the ban
ishment from Santiago de Cuba of
Sylvester Scovel, representing the
New York World, and the corre
spondents and artists of the New-
York Journal. The Secretary de
clined to make public the text of the
dispatch, but I learned the nature of
its contents. General Shafter report
ed that Scovel attempted to partici
pate in the ceremony of hoisting the
flag over the Governor's palace in the
city, but was ordered down by the
guard. He then sought General
Shafter. Words passed between the
two and Scovel struck at General
Shafter, his blow fortunately falling
short. He was immediately placed
under arrest. General Shafter stated
he had not ordered the man's trial
for the reason that he did not wish
to give him that much notoriety, and
had simply ordered his expulsion
from the district under his com
mand.
The banishment of the correspond- I
ents and artists of the New York
Journal was dua to their action in
posting In conspicuous places
thro\ighout Santiago a large poster
bearing the -words, "Remember the
Maine." General Shatter ordered that
they be torn down, fearing they !
might have a bad effect upon the >
residents of the city and the Spanish
prisoners, and as a measure of pub
lic safety directed the expulsion cf
the offenders.
War Department ©fficials say that I
in both cases General Shafter acted
■with dignity and discretion, but they
believe that in the case of Scovel
he should have made his punishment
more severe.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, July 24.—
Scovel is the only World man ex
pelled from Santiago de Cuba. It is
decreed in his case that he shall not
again eater the military lines or
board the warships. The three Jour
nal men expelled were McNichol,
Mesher and Jffusgrave. They landed
in Santiago Monday night to open a
business office with 20,000 Journals
and colored posters showing the
wreck of the Maine with dead sailors
floating past. The inscription at the
top was "Bemember the Maine," and
at the bottom "Buy the Journal."
As soon as Shafter saw the posters i
he sent a detail of soldiers to arrest
the Journal men and seize their para
phernalia. The correspondents were
placed under guard ovsr night in the
Theatre F-oyal. The next day Shafter
himself saw them placed aboard the
Arkansas with Scovel. In sending
them into exile Shafter shouted, "The
Journal is ex-communicated from
Santiago.**
PKICE FIVE CENTS.
FINAL PLAN
FOR FUTURE
OPERATIONS
Havana to Be Taken
in the Fall.
FIFTH CORPS WILL REST
NONE OF ITS MEN TO BE SENT
TO PORTO RICO.
After the Capture of the Latter
Island the Two Forces Will
Combine in the Attack on
Cuba's Capital.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, July 24.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald tele
graphs as follows: "General Shafter
with the Fifth Corps will take the field
against Havana in the fall. Until then
the corps will rest in the United States.
As soon as the Spanish prisoners are
well out of the way General Shafter
with the -whole Fifth Corps will be or
dered back to the United States, per
haps to Montauk Point, Long Island, or
some such suitable place, where they
will rest and recuperate, so as to be
ready for the campaign in the fall
against Havana."
This statement was made to me by
one of the trusted counselors of the
President. The further statement was
made that not one of the regiments
now in Santiago would be sent to
Porto Rico; that it was thought by the
administration that in all of them
there was some danger of fever infec
tion. General Shafter will remain until
the Spanish prisoners arc disposed of,
according to the present plans of the
Government.
Many northerly camp sites are being
considered by the Government, Sea
Girt, N. J., among them. It may be
necessary to bring more Southern
troops north, but they will not be
brought unless it is necessary.
The Fifth Corps of hardened veter
ans is to be put into shape for the
Havana campaign. The Porto Rican
army also will be by fall hardened to
field and fire, and, with the Fifth Corps,
which will then join it, about 50.000 sea-
Boned men will move upon Havana.
This now the plan of the adminis
tration. These 50,000 men will form the
nucleus about which 100,000 more vol
unteers now in this country will be
formed. By fall these volunteers, it is
expected, will be in prime condition,
both as to equipment, arms and uni
forms. If the Porto Rican campaign is
to be a deliberate one, the campaign
against Havana is to be a more delib
erate one.
General Miles trill be commander-in
chief of the Havana campaign and will
start in with two trained major gen
erals In Generals Shifter and Brooke.
Lee will follow wit^ another division
and Graham with the Camp Alger
troops and 2000 men left In Chicka
mauga will help to make up a grand
total of 150,000 men.
Ministers Call on the Queen Eegent.
MADRID, July 24, 9 p. m.— The mem
bers of the cabinet to-day visited the
Queen Regent, it being her natal day.
Senor Sagasta, the premier, says that
not all the troops included in the capitu
lation of Santiago agTeed to surrender.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
tf&aftAcfry^^yi^^^. There is no
w|2?sbsNs B§l!iS[i/?^'. sadder sight
t» ».*tf ' *§t'^*'£' orphan-child
' I ' HwfSjSL bereft of the
% j~ I F^>Ms\ loving care of a
gT I ' jfP*£^|w mother. If wo-
N2J.;... " ' :^ft%£&<^ men would but
i? <^^w^<^/i\ learn the vital
T-^l«^l^!^ ii m P orta nc^of
*&^%^-~^%M£* taking proper
*<•& *"V» ""'* r B^*' care of their
* "*■ *3 *.-*0«... health, and al-
ways look after the health and vigor of
the organs distinctly feminine, the pitiful
Sabbath day procession of motherless
children that goes to the cemetery to "put
flowers on ma-ma's grave " would be ma-
terially reduced in numbers. Too many
women bring a child into the world at the
sacrifice of their own life. This sad trag-
edy may be avoided by any women who
will resort to the right remedy.
The usual dangers of maternity are ban-
ished by the use of Dr. Pierces Favorite
Prescription. It acts directly and only on
the important and delicate organs that
bear the burdens of motherhood. IV.
makes them healthy and strong, vigorous
and elastic. It does away with the dis-
comforts of the expectant period, insures
the health of the newcomer, and makes
its advent free from danger and almost
free from pain. Over 90,000 have testi-
fied to its virtues. Druggists who offer
substitutes are untrustworthy.
Mrs. "William Vincent, of Sidnaw, Hoagbton
Co.. Mich., (care Birr land's Camp. Box B). writes:
" 'When I first begun to take your ' Favorite Pre-
scription,' four years ago, I was suffering; with
local weakness and heart trouble. At times I
could hardly eadtire the pain in my sides, quite
low down, and had such a pain between my
shoulders I could not sleep at night. Was just as
tired in the morning; as at nirht. At times there
was a very sharp pain around my heart. When
I would stoop over there was a dull aching- just
under the heart. My head ached and was con-
tinually sore to the touch. I took ten bottles of
the ' Favorite Prescription • and one bottle of the
Golden Medical Discovery." I can most truly
say that a* a result I never felt better in my life.
I was more like a young girl than a mother of a
family. | The pain all left me, so I know that your
medicines win do all that medicine can do."
A headache is a symptom of constipation.
Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pellets cure constipa-
tion, promptly and permanently. They do
Cot gripe. Druggists sell them.2
FOREIGN POLICY
OF THIS NATION
TO BE DISCUSSED
Civic Federation of Chicago Is
sues a Call for a National
Conference.
CHICAGO, July 24.— The Civic Fed
eration of Chicago to-night gave out a
call for a national conference to be'
held at Saratoga Springs, N. V., Aug
ust 19 and 20 to discuss the future for
eign rolicy of the United States. The
call is signed by over 1000 men in every
State in the Union. It says:
The undersigned deem it necessary that
n national conference be convened at an
early day to consider the future of the
gn policy of the United States. The
war with Spain gives promise of the over
throw of Spanish power In Cuba, Porto
Rico, the Philippines and other of that
country's colonial possessions. The ques
tion of what disposition the I'nited States
should make or tnese possessions when
peace is reached is none too soon in en
gaging the thought of our people. The
question Impresses us ax being one of the
most serious the Aemrican people have
had to consh:. r. It is a new question, and
one on which heretofore very little
thought has been bestowed by the great
majority of our people. Whether the for
eign policy of the "fathers" should be ad
hered to or departed from is enough to
challenge the most careful consideration
r ablest and thougthful men.
In our opinion this conference should be
composed of men from all parts of the
country, without respect to party affilia
tions, whether they are for or against a
policy of territorial expansion, and men
whoso ability, position and character en
title their opinions to the respectful con
sideration of the peonle.
The circular letter sent out by Chair
OUR ARMY MAY
WELL BE PROUD
Heroic Deeds Extolled
by Sh after.
PRAISE FOR ALL AT SANTIAGO
STOBY OF THE SANGUINARY
CONFLICT RECITED.
Stupendous Obstacles That Had to Be
Overcome — Unfaltering Bravery
of the Men Until Victory
Was Won.
Special Dispatch to Th« C*ll.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, July 22.— The
following 1b Major General SnaXter's
Drder, Just published:
Headquarters United States Troops In
Cuba, Santiago de Cuba, July 19, 1838.
3eneral Order No. 26.
The successful accomplishment of the
campaign against Santiago, resulting in
Its downfall and the surrender of the
Spanish forces and the capture of large
amounts of military stores, together with
the destruction of the entire Spanish fleet
n the harbor, which upon the investment
of the city was forced to leave, is one of
which this army can well be proud. This
has been accomplished through the heroic
deeds of the army, and to its officers and
men the major general commanding of
fers his sincere thai.ks for their endur
ance of hardships heretofore unknown in
the American army. The work we have
accomplished may well appeal to the
pride ot your countrymen; it has been
rivaled on few occasions in the world's
history.
ling upon an unknown coast, you
fac-d dangers in embarking and overcame
obstacles that, even in looking back,
insurmountable. Seizing, with the
assistance of the navy, the towns of Bai
quiri and Siboney, you pushed boldly
forth, gallantly driving back the enemy's
outpost in the engagement of La Quaslna
and completing the concentration of the
enemy neaj Sevilla, within sight of the
Spanish stronghold at Santiago de Cuba.
The outlook from Sevilla was one that
might well have appalled the stoutest
heart. Behind you ran a narrow road,
made well nigh impassable by rains,
while to the front you looked out upon
high foothills covered with a dense trup-
Ical growth which couid only be traversed
by bridle paths terminating within range
of tiie enemy's guns.
Nothing deterred, you responded eager
ly to the order to close upon the foe, and,
attacking at Caney and San Juan, druve
him fniiii work to work until he took
refuge within his last and strongest in
trenehmenie, immediately surrounding
the city. Despite the fierce glare of a
southern sun and rains that fell in tor
rents you valiantly withstood his at
tempU to drive you from the position
valor bad won. Holding in your
vise-like grip the army oppos'"* to you,
after seventeen days of battle and siege,
you were rewarded by the surrender of
nearly 24,000 prisoners, 12,000 being tbose
In your immediate front, the others scat
tered in the various towns of Eastern
Cuba, freeing completely the eastern part
of the island from Spanish troops.
This was not done without great sacri
fices. The death of 230 gallant soldiers
and the wounding of 1814 shows but too
plainly the fierce contest In which you
were engaged. The few reported missing
are undoubtedly among tht dead; no
prisoners were lost.
For those who have fallen In battle
with you the commanding general sor
rows, and with you will ever cherish
their memory. Their devotion to duty
sets a high example of courage and pa
triotism to our fellow-countrymen. All
who have participated in the campaign,
battle and sifge of Santiago de Cuba will
recall with pride the grand deeds shared
from the sufferings, hardships and tri
umphs together. All may well feel proud
to Inscribe on their banners the name of
Santiago de Cuba. By command of
MAJOR GENERAL SHAFTER.
E. J.'McCLERNANi), Assistant Adju
tant General.
Buried With Military Honors.
CARSON, July 24.— The funeral of the
late C. H. Galusha, Adjutant General of
Nevada, took place this afternoon. It
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Pears'
Pears' soap clears and
smoothes and softens the
skin; makes it transparent
if possible; empties it;
stimulates action ; and so
affects the complexion and
health.
man Henry Wade Rogers and Secre
tary Ralph M. Eastley asking for sig
natures Btated that neither .the genesis
nor the conduct of the war would be
discussed, nor any political cast be
given the proceedings, the object being
entirely educational. The responses
were prompt and enthusiastic. Among
the signatures are the following:
Indianapolis, Ind.— James A. Mount.Gov
ernor.
Philadelphia— John H. Converse, J. F.
Me Bride, secretary National Labor or
ganization.
Boston — Ex-Governor Braekett, Rufus
G. Flanders, president Board of Trade;
T. Jefferson Coolidge, William Endicott
Jr.. Robert Payne.
New York— Car! Pchurz. W. H. Par
sons, vice president Hoard of Trade; Pro
fessor N. M. Butler. Henry White.
Chicago— H. N. Hicinbotham, Melville
E. Stone, Fred W. Peck, United States
Commissioner to Paris exposition: Zena
K. Carter, president Board of Trade;
William R. Harper, president Chicago
University; Henry Wade Rogers, presi
dent Northwestern University.
Los Angeles, Cal.— P. M. Daniel, presi
dent Board of Trade.
San Diego, Cal.— George A. Hawley,
president Board of Trade.
Berkeley, Cal.— Martin Kellogg, presi
dent State University.
Salem. Or. — Governor Lord.
Washington, D. C— Samuel Gompers,
president American Federation of Labor.
Spokane. Wash. --George Brooke.
Seattle, Wash.— C. H. Clarke.
Reno, New— J. E. Stubbs, president
State University.
was the largest military Mineral ever
witnessed In Nevada. The Nevada bat
talion of 400 men acted as escort.
JUNEAU LADIES AID
IN RED CROSS WORK
Proceeds of an Ice Cream Social and
Dance to Be Forwarded to San
Francisco.
JUNEAU, Alaska. July 17.— W. H. Sew
ard Post No. 29. Woman's Relief Corps, |
G. "A. R., Department of Alaska and
Washington, has a surprise In store for
the department treasurer and the ladles
of the Red Cross Society of California.
The ladies of the post are going: to send
them some money by the next steamship.
Desiring to aid the beneficent purpose of I
the Red Cross, an ice cream social, fol- I
lowed by a ball, was given in the Juneau
Opera House last Friday night.
The auditorium was papered with flfyss
and festooned with the red, white and I
blue in graceful arrangement. Portraits
of the nation's heroes since the tea went ;
overboard in Boston Harbor hung on long :
cords. The attendance was quite large,
for Juneau, though far removed from even j
the nearest section of the commonwealth
in touch by wire with the war, is a patri
otic city. The decorations of the principal
streets and the business houses are evi
dences of this, and there is hot sale for
The Call Immediately after the arrival of
each steamship from below.
All persons who know anything about
| ice cream socials will understand the
feeling and attendance when the net re
ceipts, after paying every expense, are
about $100. The best society of Juneau.
and the leading people in all vocations
turned out to pay their ice cream tribute
to the war.
The ladies of the Relief Corps were not
requested to do this; It was a voluntary
effort. The officers of the Relief Corps
are: President, Mrs. Kate Laughlin;
senior vice-president, Mrs. Minnie Mun
roe; junior vice-president, Mrs. N<>ra
Webster; secretary, Mrs. Meta Webster;
[ treasurer, Mrs. Luella McGlew; guard,
Mrs. Anna Peterson; conductor, Mißa
I Ethel Beede; chaplain, Mrs. Mary i'a!
houh; past vice-president, Mrs. Belle
Beede; high privates, Sirs. Lucinda
t Blackburn, Mrs. Jeannette Swenson, Mrs.
! Betheutls, Miss Clara Haroldson and
Miss Saxman.
Among the California colony present
I were Mrs. William Webb, Mrs. Jeannette
Swen.son. Mls.s Chlßholm. M.D., Miss
j Beede, Mrs. Allan McFadyn, Messrs.
.Lloyd Winter, Harry Winter and William
Pond.
SANTIAGO ARMY WILL
GET A MONTH'S REST
After Recuperating in North Caro
lina It Again Be Sent Into
the Field.
TAMPA, Fla., July 24.— A high official
was asked to-day what his idea was of
the recent orders orderin-g troops from
this place. He said that he had it from
headquarters that there was a consid
erable change in many ways. To begin
with, the army was to be moved from
Santiago as quickly as possible. It is
to go to the mountains of North Caro
lina, where the yellow fever will be i
stamped out entirely. This is to be done
in about a month and the men given a j
good rest. Then they are to fall on
Porto Rico or Havana, whichever place
may need them.
The transports Decatur H. Miller, Ar- I
kadia, Cherokee and .Florida got under
way for Porto Rico during the night.
The transport Morgan was loading to- i
day and will probably go to-morrow.
Thirty odd Red Cross physicians who
had been waiting to go to Porto Rico
or Santiago will to-night start for
Chickamauga, where, it is said, there
is immediate need for their services in
nursing the sick.
The Sixty-ninth New York left to
night for Fernandina.
WARD LINERS FLOATING
THE STARS AND STRIPES
Philadelphia Sails Prom New York
With the Spanish Flag Replaced
by Our Own.
NEW YORK, July 24.— Santiago was
first recognized as an American port by
a vessel leaving here when the American
steamship Philadelphia sailed late Satur
day afternoon with the stars and stripes
waving from her foremast. She was
churtered from the Red D line by the
Ward line, which has for many years
operated a service to Southern Cuba in
connection with the Havana and Mexican
service.
It was a noteworthy substitution to
have the American colors replace the
Spanish emblem, which was flown on the
Ward liners. The crowd on the pier broke
into ch,eers as the colors were raised on
the Philadelphia as she turned her bow
down the East River.
TROOPS STILL POURING
INTO NEWPORT NEWS
Illinois Infantry and New York
Cavalry Will Embark To-Day
for Porto Rico.
NEWPORT NEWS, Va_, July 24.— The
Third Illinois Regiment, 1294 men In all.
arrived here this afternoon In three spe
cial trains from Camp Thomas. General
Haines arrived on the first train at 1
9'clock. Later troons A and C, New York
V olunteer Cavalry. 166 men arrived. The
men are camped north of the city on the
banks of the James River. They will em
bark to-morrow on one of the transports
for Porto Rico. The work of loading sup
plies on the Massachusetts and Roumanla
was In progress all last night and to-day,
but an enormous quantity is still In the
cars and on the piers.
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 25, 18H8.
REVIEWING THE
WAR SITUATION
Progress Made Highly
Satisfactory.
MODERN ARMS WONDERFUL
BRAVERY OP OTJR SOLDIERS
MAGNIFICENT.
General Henry Praises Shafter and
the Officers and Men Under
Him in the Santiago
Campaign. «
WASHINGTON, July 24.— With the
week just closed the United States saw
the end of the third month of the war
With Spain, and the responsible offi
cials, from the President down to the
lowest employe • who has had to do
with shaping the course of events, feel
nothing but satisfaction at' the prog
ress made. An army of a quarter of a
million men has been mobilized, armed
and equipped and much of it has seen
service.
The battles preceding the capture of
Santiago have been remarkable in
many respects, and in the opinion of
military experts have covered the
United States army engaged with in
effaceable glory. Modern warfare of a
type developed in these engagements
was absolutely new and untried, not
only to the United States but to the
world. No such charge is recorded in
history as that made upon the fort and
blockhousese crowning the hills of El
Caney. There have been engagements
between trained troops and savage
races in the Jungles of India and on the
hills of South Africa of late years that
conveyed in a slight manner the possi
bilities of modern weapons, but those
battles fought by the Fifth Army
Corps have been the first in which
large bodies of troops of civilized na
tions on both sides have been engaged
with all the implements of modern
warfare, and the result is bound to be
highly instructive to the military stu
dent and to extort admiration for the
splendid fighting qualities of the
United States soldiers from the most
unwilling critics.
Few officers in any army have had
more experience in hard fighting, es
pecially in rough country, than that
old Indian fighter, Genen.l Henry,
so that some weight must be attached
to the opinion of the merits of our
officers and troops expressed by him to
Adjutant General Corbln, in a letter
dated in front of Santiago, Ju. 12:
We had a pleasant sail down, but, hav
ing to row the men ashore. It took some
time to get off. We left Slboney at 2
p. m. yesterday with the Eighth' Ohio,
and came into camp here about three
miles from the front. In company with
General Brecklnridge, I rode to the front
to General Wheeler's headquarters, and,
a flag of truce being up. had an oppor
tunity to see the lines. We are almost
on top of them— the front of Wheeler be
ing about SOO yards to them— but the
country is rough, going down to a fall
ing and ascending, nil covered by their
fire. The country all the way is the
roughest I ever saw. We have" to follow
roads or trails and'come under heavy fire,
their position commanding every ap
proach. The work done by these troops
since landing, their heroism and patience
under discomforts, heat and rain, rails
fr: the highest praise, and the work ac
coinpllshed by Shatter, his pertinacity
and "goaheadedness" under adverse cir
cumstances and discomforts, is a revela
tion to me. I doubt if there is another
officer who would have "gotten there" as
h.- did.
Our loss was most unfortunate, but
from the character of the country could
not be avoided, "If we had to get there."
Last night the Eighth Ohio were al
most drowned out, and It pours to-day;
that's the climate, and to get out of it it
would be cheaper to lose more by fight
ing and success than by illness which is
to come by staying. We have about
thirty capes of yellow fever and many of
malaria, but the men are cheerful. Gen
eraJ Duffleld and Captain Wilcox have
yellow fever— they say in a mild form
got from sleeping in the infected build
ings, which are now tn be burned.
Misa Clara Barton and Mrs. Addison
Porter rode to the front yesterday In rtn
army wagon over rough roads and rain
ing: they are unselfish women. Tod
much credit cannot be given the hero-
Ism, pluck and patience of those who
have borne the brunt of this work.
NEARLY FOUR HUNDRED
NEW CASES OF FEVER
As the Deaths Number Only Four,
the Epidemic Evidently Is of a
Mild Type.
WASHINGTON. July 24.— A dispatch
received to-night by Adjutant General
Corbin says that 396 new cases of fever of
all classes were reported in the camp be
fore Santiago yesterday. As the same
dispatch reports only four deaths— and
none of them from yellow fever —
from among the hundreds of cases of
fever known to exist in camp, the war
authorities are more than ever inclined
to the belief that the cases of yellow
fever are of a mild type.
Previous dispatches from General
Shafter and the medical officers of his
corps have indicated the existence In
camp of a very large niimber of cases of
malarial fever and dengue fever, the
latter being peculiar to the Cuban
climate. Some clear cases of yellow fever
are reported, but the officials say they
are few as compared with those of other
fevers.
General Shafter's dispatch, as made
public by Adjutant General Corbln, foI
°"SANTIAGO DE CUBA (via HaytH,
July 24. — Number of new cases of fever of
al! classes for yesterday approximately,
396. Deaths not previously reported:
"Private Daniel A. Stone, Company D,
First Illinois Infantry, typhoid fever,
July 20.
"Sergeant J. Blair, regimental quarter
master, Twelfth Infantry, died July 22 of
dengue fever and asthenia, and on July 23
of malarial fever Privates William Pea
cock and Garratt Learnesheck, both of
Company E, Second Infantry.
"SHAFTER,
"Major General commanding."
PORTLAND BOY OBTAINS
CERVERA'S AUTjGRAPH
Courtesy of the Spanish Admiral to
a Curious Little Fellow at
the Hub.
BOSTON, July 24.— A few days ago a
little 11-year-old boy in Portland, Me.,
wrote Admiral Cervera asking for a
button and the Admiral's autograph.
He was made happy by receiving the
following note from the Spanish Ad
miral:
ANNAPOLIS, July 20, 1898.— My Dear
Sir: I have received your letter and as I
saved absolutely none of my clothes, as I
had to go ashore swimming. I cannot
send you a button as you desire. My au
tograph you will have in the signature to
this letter. I remain sincerely your ser
vant, who kisses your hand,
PASQUALE CERVERA.
Bryan Likes His Headquarters.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., July 24.-Colo
nel Bryan has Just completed his regimen
tal headquarters at Panama Park, two
miles from Jacksonville, and he is well
pleased with, bia location.
FRIENDLY TERMS
OF A NOTE FROM
KAISER WILHELM
President McKinley Pleased by a
Communication Received
From Berlin.
WASHINGTON, July 24.— Emperor
William has sent a message to Presi
dent McKinley which is exceedingly
gratifying in tone. It was communi
cated to the President on Friday, just
before the Cabinet meeting, by the Ger
man Embassador, Yon Hollenben. The
exact nature of the communication can
not be learned. It is guarded with ex
ceptional care and precautions have
been taken to prevent even an intima
tion of the character of the message
escaping official circles.
From this it is believed that the com
munication may be the forerunner of
others from which the administration
expects important results, and that it
is the beginning of negot: - ns of a
weighty character. All that is known
now is that the message was most
friendly in tone, and that its receipt
haß given great pleasure to the Presi
dent and his advisers. Officially there
has been no correspondence between
Washington and Berlin which has been
stiff or unfriendly.
The conduct of German ships in the
Philippines appears to be a matter thus
far solely between Admiral yon Diede
richs and Admiral Dewey. The gov
ernment at Washington has made no
representations to the government at
Berlin with regard to the incident in
Subig Bay, and the wisdom of this re
straint appears now in the friendly ap
proaches which have just been made.
If it be true, as observers in London in
timate, that Germany and England are
CUBANS SEEK
SOVEREIGNTY
Correspondent Aras to
the Front Again.
MAKES A PLEA TO M'KINLEY •
SUPPLEMENT TO THE GARCIA
LBTTEB.
Shows a Hungry Desire to Despoil
Santiago — Shafter's Firm Stand
Commended by the
Populace.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, July 23.— The
document which is being circulated for
signatures among Cuban residents in
Santiago addressed to the President of
the United States thanking him for the I
co-operation of the army of the United I
States and expressing the hope that the
American Government will recognize
Cuban sovereignty in the surrendered
portion of the province of Santiago de
Cuba, was drafted by Aras, the news
paper correspondent on the staff of the
Cuban general, Castillo, who directed
the alleged letter of protest from Gen
eral Garcia to General Shafter. The
following is the text of the document:
To President MclCinley: The under
signed, Cubans by birth, land owners and
residents of Santiago de Cuba, represent
ing with their families the non-combatant
population that suncred for many years
Spanish rule in this section of the island,
wish to express their warmest thanks to
the people of the United States for de
livering them from the insufferable yoke
of Spanish rule.
They wish also to express their absolute
confidence in the good faith and humani
tarian purposes of the United Slates and
in the pledge that territory of Cffba is not
to be conquered by the American troops
for purposes of annexation. We believe
and would urge that our own people are
capable of fuliilling the international obli
gation to establish a government for the,
island. Cuba in the future may possibly
become, in the course of a few years, part
of the territory of the United States, thus
increasing the comfort and happiness oi!
this people, but now all desire a govern
ment of our own, as compensation for the
sufferings and heroism of our army and
the definite establishment of the Cuban
republic with Cuban authorities in ac
cordance with the resolutions of the
United States Congress.
We hope that the present state of af
fairs at Santiago— where Spaniards are
still the administrators of our interests,
property and fate— will be brief; that the
city may soon be turned over to the Cu
bans, and that our army may enter with
the flag of Cuba waving triumphantly be
side the American flag, as Cuban soldiers
fought side by side with the Americans
against the common enemy.
General Shafter's refusal to permit
the entrance of armed Cubans into
Santiago is an extremely wise one in
these excited days, as there might be
trouble. Unarmed persons, however,
are free to enter at all times. As soon
as the Spanish soldiers have embarked
Cubans will be allowed to enter the
city freely. The first embarkation is
expected next Thursday, in accordance
with a contract made between the
United States and the Spanish Trans
i atlantic company.
The United States transport Santiago
left this morning fY>r Newport News
with sick and wounded. The steamer
Jamaica arrived to-day with passen
gers from Jamaica and proceeded to
Guantanamo with provisions for the
United States fleet.
To-day the Spaniards turned over
their cavalry horses. Only 143 were
surrendered. The others have been
killed for food for the army.
GROSVENOR NOT GOING
AS M'KINLEY'S ENVOY
No Truth in the Story That He Is
to Broach an Anglo-Saxon
Alliance.
NEW YORK, July 24.— The Washington
correspondent of the Herald telegraphs:
General Grosvenor of Ohio arrived in
Washington this morning* on his way to
New York, whence he will sail on Tues
day for England. I saw him after he
had called at the White House to say
good-by to the President. He said the
story that he was going abroad as pro
visional representative of the President
to talk to members of the Britlßh Govern
ment about an Anglo-American alliance
was without foundation, as he was going
for a short rest and would be in London
not more than a week at the most.
coming close together, the visit of Era
bassador yon Hollenben to the White
House on Friday may be a diplomatic
incident of the very highest import
ance.
This is not the only diplomatic inci
dent of recent occurrence which may
have an important bearing on the
progress of the war. There is reason to
believe that informal intimations have
been made by the representatives of
certain European Governments with
regard to the purpose of sending Wat
son's fleet across the Atlantic, which,
while they were in no way protests or
objections, betrayed a mild curiosity
as to the destination of the fleet, and
made it seem advisable to the admin
istration to defer for a time the send
ing of Watson on his European mis
sion.
The semi-oflicial announcemrnt that
the fleet was not to bombai'd Spanish
cities and was not directed offensively
against the Spanish coast is believed
to have been drawn out in a manner by
these intimations and to have been in
tended as an indirect response to them.
So long as the object of the visit to
European waters is to meet and de
stroy or capture the ships under Ca
mara's command there can be no pos
sible objection on the part of any neu
tral European power, and, this assur
ance having been given, the United
States will be in a position later, if
need be, to intimate that the Euro
pean powers might advantageously use
their influence with Spain to bring her
to ask that a devastating war be
brought to an end.
PREPARED FOR
THE INQUIRY
Agnews Ring Outlines
Its Course.
GOULD GIVES INSTRUCTIONS
SUNDAY CONFERENCE AT THE
ASYLUM.
Detective Frost Expected to Give
Testimony That Will Be of
Great Assistance to Dr.
Sponogle.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, July 24.— Trustees Gould,
Curnow and Hale and Dr. Sponogle
had lunch together at Agnews Asylum
to-day and afterward held a confer
ence. The coming investigation was the
sole subject of discussion. Trustee
Gould, with his usual cunning, outlined
the programme to be followed.
It is expected the charges of immoral
conduct against Mrs. Madigan and
Tourtiliott will be taken up and dis
posed of in a couple of hours. Then Dr.
Sponogle will demand that the charges
against him of the alleged killing
of his first wife for her life
insurance and the ruining of a
girl in Fresno will be investigated.
Then, as Trustee Gould has dictated,
Detective Erwin Frost will be called to
the stand. He will back down from his
previous statement about Dr. Sponogle,
and, in order to wash his hands of the
affair, will swear that he was hired by
Trustee White to dig up evidence
against the medical director's charac
ter.
The Trustees to-day discussed the !
evidence they expect to come before the
board and their plans were given to i
their workers so that the asylum em
ployes could govern their testimony ac
cordingly, if called at the investiga
tion. Dr. Sponogle told th\ose present
that he had letters that Wjould clear
him of the charges and that, a number j
of witnesses from Sacramento had vol
unteered their services if needed to ex
onerate him. \
Dr. Sponogle also expressed a desire
for redress in court against rhose who,
he claims, have defamed him^
Trustee Gould, who is accompanied
by his little daughter, has (ensconced
himself in the finest suite of \ rooms of
the asylum, and there he will until !
the investigation closes. Pie is <a mighty j
monarch there and the employes pay j
him as much homage than qfver did !
subjects to a king. He and Tourtillott
have seen most of those who
to be 6alled at the investigation and
everything now ig In readiness'^ for the
coat of kalsomlne. i
CAVALRY FREE FROM (
THEJTELLOW F^VER
There Have Been No Fatalities; but
the Outlook for the Future ik
Not Encouraging.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, July 23 (Jvia
Kingston, Jamaica, July 24).— The repjort
published in the United States that tl/iere
are thirty cases of yellow fever in (the
cavalry division proves, on investigation,
to be unfounded. Captain House requests
that the report be definitely denied. \
There have beerf no fatalities from
fever thus far, but so long- as the ijnen
are exposed to the hot sun during ithe
day. the increasing rains and the hekvy
night dews, malaria will increase and
our men grow worse. A second attalck
Is much more difficult to eradicate, «s
pecially in the case of men exposed (to
the present conditions. i
The cavalry is anxious to proceed \to
Porto Rico, but will be obliged to remalin
here until the Spanish prisoners of wkir
have been transported to Spain, whicui,
it is believed, will have been acconn
plished before the next month is weill
advanced. The army is mentally de
pressed by inactivity and the uncertainty
as to its future movements, together witp
the increasing malarial fever.
CASTORIA \
For Infants and Children.
Thifw /9
ilmlle j<Tj[ sffTst * Is 08
&tsa.VinfS^ Sj(*r&-t—ir- "erf
OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Correspond^ " th Any of the FoV ing Firms Please Mention "The Call."
ART GLASS.
California Art Glass. Ben din and Cutting
Works, 103-105 Mission St., cor. Spear.
Embossing Staining. Beveling. Wrn.
Schroeder, Pres. Telephone Main 868.
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
ftrtlstlc Furniture and flrt Ware Importers,
117 SUTTER STREET.
ARTIFICIAL LIMBS.
i»rV7A CDDIVfi Proprietor. Send for meas-
McNZO jrKIiNU ure blanks. V. S. Commls-
Elon. 9 Geary St.. S. F. •
~ ARTISTIC FURNITURE.
niTir c. cruiWlll ED Bank. Office and Saloon
FINK aSCnlrlllLnn, Fittings, 1309 Market
Ft Telephone South ?67.
___ AUCTIONEERS.
T iv« Stock TIT I 111 it PA 11 Montgomery St.,
Auctioneers. KILLIr 111- San Francisco.
~~ BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
WcrUAEVIVfJ Shipping trade supplied.
nM • SCnUCMINU> 639 Broadway street.
~~~~~ BELTING.
Ln nPfiFV Manufacturer of Belting: and
L. F. litUCnl, Lace Leather, 105-107 Mis-
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
Aeent for Rubber Belting and Packing.
~~ ~ BICYCLES.
'98 Model Cleveland Bicycles
Sell for $50. $65 and $75. Crescents, in Men's
and Ladles' $35. Second-hand Wheels. $10 and
up. LEAVITT & BILL. 303 Larkln gtreet.
BOILER MAKERS.
_- Vff W. J. Brady's Patent
II fl DETACHABLE
JftL l& MUD DRUM
. ffrffiggg^ffybft for Steam Boilers,
Manufactured by
EUREKA BOILER WORKS
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor. .
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship Work.
Office and Works— MISSION' STREET
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPAM,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell.
Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
BOOKBINDERS.
JTJ MnTKPfIVuT?* Bookbinder and Printer,
i Di llllin 1 1 nil. 422 Commercial street.
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON. ;
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
900 BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1564. '
— COPPERSMITH. ~~
.Tns.#r.ri Fox. fupt. H. T?lyth. Mer
C. W. Smith. Ship Plumbing, Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
. Washington St. Telephone, Main 5641.
CORSETS. WAISTS AND UNDERWEAR.
MrsJ.fI.OBER & CO. EQUIPOISE WAISTS.
DENTIST.
PR- C W RICHARDS, £.'SSn.y f g& n , .
DRAYAGE.
McNAB & SMITH,
Draymen. Mercantile Warehouse.
Stands— Davis St. and Corner Fifth
and Bluxome Sts. Telephone, Main 1872.
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE).
REDINGTON & CO. ss s 0 e n co s n t s da^i s^i c n n 4'
EYES EXAMINED.
BERTELING OPTICAL COMPANY,
Scientific Opticians and Manufacturers of
Optical Goods, 14 and 16 -Kearr.y street.
FIRE INSURANCE.
EDWARD BROWN & SON.
407-409 Montgomery st.
Capita! Represented over $14,000,000
NO MORE ASSISTANCE
FOR GENERAL GARCIA
American Supplies Denied Him as
Long as He Maintains His
Present Attitude.
NEW YORK, July 24.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Major Gen
eral Shafter is still leaving the adminis
tration in official ignorance of tue corre
spondence that has passed between him
and General Garcia. The informaiton at
hand seems to indicate, however, that the
American commander was not discourte
ous to the Cuban general, as has been al
leged. The only substantial ground that
Garcia had, as the matter is understood
here, was that General Shafter had failed
to invite him or any member of his staff
to witness the surrender of the Spanish
forces and the raising of the American
flag over the city of Santiago de Cuba.
General Shafter's course in refusing to
turn the city of Santiago over to the Cu
bans meets with entire approval here.
Had he placed the Cubans in control he
would have in effect recognized the Cuban
republic, a thing Congress expressly re
fused to do, and which the President does
not think should be done until it is seen
whether there is a stable government on
the island to recognize. There is to be
no change in the policy of the Govern
ment in sending supplies and arms to the
Cubans, except that those under Garcia
prohnbly will not receive more assistance
as long as their leader maintains his
present attitude.
AUXILIARY SERVICE
TO BE REORGANIZED
Fleet Will Be Put Into Good Condi
tion Before It Goes Out of
Commission.
NEW YORK, July 24.— A Washinugton
special to the Herald says: Every effort is
being made by the Navy Department to
put the naval auxiliary fleet Into such
condition that when It goes out of com
THE FRAILEST ~
OF
I ' - ■ ■ ■ • ■«.•'■. " ■ :•• • ■ ; .- v'
■ ■■ - : ■■- ■■■■ . ■ ' . ■
They are those who are afraid of their very bed. They knoW
there is no good sound sleep. They fear everything. Always con-
scious of their inability to perform any one of nature's duties in the
way big and grand men do, they are full of gloom. Yet they hesitate
to seek help. They hesitate about everything. Spots and lines be-
fore the eyes, and weak knees— these are all the lot of frail
men. . One thing there is which cures frailty, and sends life and vigor
to every part of . the body. That is "Hudyan." Ask for informa-
tion about it. Costs nothing. "Hudyan" will make a man of you
i again. . A big strong and a vigorous man. Why not see what it has
done for all the thousands who have used it. Medical advice from
the. Institute is quite free too. Get what you can get for nothing
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE. Stockton. Market and Ellis Sts.. San f rucisafc
\;I. FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
lAC RflYF^ &f ft Shipping Butcher* 101
JA3- DUIC3 tt I<V|, clay. Tel. "Main 1194.
. FLOUR. "
FLOUR.
NATION IT Flour Mills. J. Martensteln * Co.
nAIIUPIAL S.W. cor. Battery and Pacific at*.
HARDWARE.
r>ALACE Hardware Co., lmporters ß Dealers
* in Hardware, 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
HARNESS AND VEHICLES.
LEIBOLD HARNESS CO., 211 Larkln it.. 8. V.
. Wholesale and Retail Manufacturers of all
kinds of Harness and dealers in Buggies.
Carts, etc. If you want bargains call or writs
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton Hedley, Props..
234 Fremont St. Castines of Every De.
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
JEWELERS.
W. K. VANDERSLICE CO.
GOLD AND SILVER SMITHS, 138 Sutter BC.
San Francisco* Telephone Main 917. ;
MARINE INSURANCE.
SWISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPANIES.
Combined Capital, $4,000,000.
STZ & CO., Agent*.
801 California rt.
MATTRESSES AND IRON BEDS.
THE DEDNH A DTI Mattress Co., 642 Mission
I tic DCKMIAKU st. Telephone Main 1674.
OPTICAL GOODS.
TI ITWHV Headquarters for fine Jewelry and
• LlnDl. full 18-k. Wedding Rings, 4 3d »t.
PAPER DEALERS.
Wll I AMFTTF PULP AND PAPER CO.,
I? ILLHmL I I L 722 Montgomery Street^
PIANOS. '
The Oldest Firm and Largest Stock.
PIANO and MUSIC STORB»
KOHLER & CHASE,
» and 30 O'Farrell St.
A corps of expert tuners and repairer*.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES. \
FATI kIT Agency. Reloading, developing, print-
IVv/UAAing. T. P. Andrews, 109 Montgomery.
REAL ESTATE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
HEAL ESTATE. RENT COLLECTORS.
General Auctioneers. 14 Montgomery St. .
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
%&£%
SEWING MACHINES.
"nnMEOTIP" Pre-eminently the machine for
UUiYiLollU family use. 1021 Market (treat,
near Sixth.
SOAP.
Gn I nrV *TA 23 California rtreet.
. X, LL't I tt WU,, room 37. Tel. Main ISfil.
THE HICKS- JUDD CO- gggSPa'Sfe «
TAILOR AND IMPORTER.
Rooms fHA? RT ICC Claus Spreckels
407/408 409. 410 vllA J ULI Hidg.. 4th Floor.
TARTAR WORKS.
£\ALIFORMA TARTAR WORKS,
• G. De LATOUH. Manager.
Office 318 Front Street, San Francisco.
TYPE FOUNDERS.
PACIFIC States -ype Foundry, ■accessor*
to Hawks & Shattuck. Th« Home Industry
House. 603 Clay at. Vj
WAGONS AND TRUCKS.
HENRY B. SCHINDLER. manufacturer ot
carriages, buggies, etc. ; repairing done la
' first-class style at fair, prices for good work.
128 Spear st. el. Main 295. i. . \i
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
i Forwarding Agents and Public Weighers.
! General Storage. Free and Gram Warehouses.
General office. 210 California st. Tel. Main 1314.
WALLPAPER.
WALLPAPER— WhoIesaIe and retail; Bend for
I samples, stating about quality and color, to
I JAS. DUFFY CO., 928-930 Howard St., S. F.
mission it can be put into service within
forty-eight hours. This is the only rea
son for keeping the fleet up. Captain J.
K. Bartlett. retired, its chief, who is now
on an inspection tour. Is anxious to thor
oughly organize the service preliminary
to putting' it out of commission, and Sec
retary lounge is doing ail he can to aid
the captain in his purpose.
Five vessels of the auxiliary fleet are
still to be commissioned. These are the
old war-time monitors Canonicus and
Marmy.ec. which will be sent south; the
yachts Shearwater and Sylph and the tor
boat Manly. The Canonicus and
;>ec have oHv recently received new
water-tube boilers. Thpy will be placed
emission at League Island probably
during the present week by the naval
militia organizations of the States whose
;hey will puard. Tt is expected they
will be sent to Port Royal and Brunswick,
Ga. It is the intention of the department
to keep the monitors at points where they
are now stationed as headquarters for the
naval militia, but there is reason to be
lieve stricter care of ships will be re
quired than was the case before, the war.
SICK AND WOUNDED
UNDER INSPECTION
Precautions Taken In Removing Pa
tients Brought by the Relief
to New York.
NEW YORK, July 24.— The hospital
ship Relief was inspected by Health
Officer Doty at 5 o'clock to-day aiid
granted pratique. The Relief will remain
at anchor in the bay until to-morrow,
pending orders from the surgeon general.
It is expected the hospital ship will pro
ceed to the city during the forenoon and
her sick and wounded will be removed
to the hospitals designated by the sur
geon general. All the patients had a
comfortable day and enjoyed a refresh
ing night's rest. After discharging her
patients the Relief will take on a supply
of coal and provisions and sail again for
Santiago.
Private Charles Robertson of the
Tenth Cavalry and Corporal JReardon of
the Sixteenth Infantry, both shot through
the spine, are in a critical condition and
with little hope of recovery.PROSPECTS FOR
PEACE SAID TO
HAVE IMPROVED
By Way of London Comes a Hint
of Direct Negotiations Between
Washington and Madrid.
LONDON, July 25..— The Madrid cor
respondent of the Times says: Peace
prospects have greatly Improve 1 during
the last forty-eight hours. The diplo
matic exploration of the Duke Almo
dovar de Rio. the Foreign Minister,
has been more practical than was sup
posed, and It is now tolerably certain
that the Government's efforts are en
tering a new phase which may gradu
ally lead to tangible results.
The precise nature of the change !s
a secret, but there Is little doubt that
It tends to direct negotiations between
Spain and the T'nited States, there be
ing no inclination to seek the mediation
of any neutral power. The moment has
arrived when America, having reached
the parting of the ways, must choose
between war with a specific object and
an indefinable war of conquest.
The present pause in hostilities is
held to prove that the United States is
reluctant to plunge into a wider sphere
of action, and it may be confidently
predicted that if direct negotiations are
opened without delay both countries
will find their views on the main point
—that of the future of Cuba— far from
lrrconcllable.
The growing dissensions between the
Cuban insurgents and the Americans
are noted here with great satisfaction,
and on all sides I hear said. "If we
must lose Cuba it is better that the
islands should be annexed by America,
because the traitors would be thereby
punished and the enormous Spanish in
terests in the island would be pro
tected."
The French embassy at "Washington
seems the most likely channel for open
ing negotiations, and the semi-official
statement that America Intends to re
tain Porto Rico is regarded here as a
hint to Spain to hurry up.
There is still much talk about Cariist
intrigues and preparations, but the
Government, though vigilant and ready
to net energetically if necessary, seems
to think that at present there is no
serious danger of untoward develop
ments. The danger of Republican
movements is still less. Senor Emillo
•;lar has Just rendered a service to
the cause of order by publishing a long
letter in which he impresses upon all
good Spaniards the necessity of sink
ing all party differences and remain
ing firmly united at the present critical
moment. "Patriotism, like the church."
says Sennr Castellar. "Imposes unity
on us and if unity does not exist let us
be silent upon the subject." The proj
ect of presenting him with an address
of confidence signed by 100,000 of his
SOUP KITCHENS
IN SANTIAGO
Ravenous Crowds Fed
by the Red Cross.
GRAND LABOR OF MERCY
SHAFTER CONTRIBUTES FRESH
MEAT TO THE MASSES.
leading Merchants of the City Co
operating With the Americans
in the Charitable
Work.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, July 23, by
the Cail -Herald disj>atch-boat Golden
Rod to Kingston, Jamaica, July 24. —
Although the city of Santiago has
been under the protection of the Unlt
eo States for a week the food problem
Btlll Is a pressing one. The adoption
of the old customs duties haa
driven away several cargoes of sup
plies sent here from Jamaica, and for
the time being the Red Cross Is the
only agency that stands between
Santiago and starvation.
Four houses for the relief of the
starving were opened on Thursday by
George Kennan, and Red Cross nurses j
were placed In charge. Bix thousand
persons were fed that day, and the '
number of applicants since that time
has more than doubled.
Leading merchants of Santiago are
co-operating with the Americans In
this charitable work and they are
doing what they can to relieve the
distress.
Soup was at first delivered three
times a day, but the demand was so
great that the soup kitchens are now
kept open continuously, always being
Furrounded by crowds of ravenous
men, women and children, chattering
in strange tongues, clamoring for food
and scrambling indiscriminately for it
when It Is forthcoming.
For the first time since the Riege was
raised fresh meat was cooked in San
tiago. The steamships Mississippi and
Panama, of the quartermaster's de
partment, arrived with cattle for the
troop*. The beeves were slaughtered
in a building set apart for the purpose.
General Khafter contributed part of
this meat to the food supply of the
city.
Fires were built In the market place,
and as fast as the meat could be
cooked it was given to those most in
need of it. In several instances the
troops were compelled to stand guard
over white women while they ate the
portion of meat given to them. The
troops themselves have been hard
pressed for food, and this consignment
of fresh meat was gratefully received.
The civil government of the city has
been restored almost to normal condi
tions. Many Spanish officials have re
fused to take the oath acknowledging
the supremacy of the United States and
have sent in their resignations. They
are being replaced by Cubans.
Murat Halstead Convalescing.
CIKCIKNATI. July 24.-Tho Commercial
Tribune will print to-morrow a telegram
from Robert Halstead in Now York, con
veying the intelligence that his father,
Murat Halstead, Is convalescing at Hono
admiring fellow citizens has been In
definitely postponed.
The Madrid correspondent of the
Daily News, telegraphing Sunday,
says: The efforts of the Government
toward peace are meeting with insup
erable difficulties. Ministerialists say
that the chief obstacle is President Me-
Kinley's "impressionable character,"
which is more influenced, they affect to
believe, by his personal friends and the
Jingoes In Congress than by diplomatic
counsels. The President some times ap
pears inclined, they say. to negotiate
for peace on reasonable terms, but at
others he seems determined upon a war
of conquest with a "view of convincing
Europe that the United States is a
grent military power which must be
reckoned with."
LOSS OF THE CUBAN
CABLE A DIFFICULTY
LONDON, July 25.— The Gibraltar
correspondent of the Daily News, tele
graphing Sunday, says: According to
Ministerial admissions peace is further
off than it was last week. The great
difficulty is the loss of the Cuban cable.
Senor Gamazo, the Minister of Public
Instruction, threatens to resign.
The administrative haste and bustle
in Spain about port defenses are pro
digious, but who can think that all
this means business after all that has
happened. The heavy French guns
supplied from the Saint diamond
works have been lying for the last six
weeks in the drill ground at Cara
banch. They are being tested and will
be sent to replace the brass and other
old-fashioned pieces at Cadiz, but the
means of loading them are defective,
and so, too, is the smokeless powder.
However, the military engineers ex
pect that all thse defects will be set
right.
Ordinary railway traffic is almost
suspended, as the trains are wanted to
take soldiers and marines, with muni
tions of war, hither and thither.
The field artillery, which was sup
plied by France before war was de
clared, was originally centralized at
Madrid, but it is now being shipped to
the northern Sierra, where Carllst up
risings appear. The fire brigades at
the various seaports are constantly
drilling to prepare themselves to deal
•with burning houses during the bom
bardments. The engineers have cre
ated what appear to be strong defenses
at Cadiz, but the strength must de
pend altogether upon the range of the
guns.
lulu: that the fever hy which he was* de
tained there was mild and that he will
shortly resume his trip to the Philippines
and perform the duties of his mission to
those Islands.
SAN LUIS AND PALMA
SOREANO SURRENDER
Number of Spaniards Greater Than
"Was Stated by General
Toral.
WASHINGTON, July 25.— The War
Department at midnight posted the fol
lowing:
SANTIAGO, via Haytl. July 24.—Adju
tant General of the Army. "Washington:
Lieutenant Mlley has returned from San
Luis and Palma Soriano, where he went
four days ago to receive the surrender
of the Spanish troops. The number sur
rendered was larger than General Toral
reported. Three thousand and five Span
ish troops and 350 volunteer guerillas
gave up their arms and gave parole and
have gone to work. Three thousand
stands of arms were turned In loaded on
ox carts and started to the railroad;
Spanish troops accompanying him to San
Luis and all apparently greatly delighted
at the prospects of returning home. They
were on the verge of starvation and I
have to send them rations to-morrow. If
the numbers keep up as they have there
will be about 24,000 to ship away— nearly
12.000 here, 3000 from San Luis, 0000 from
Guantanamo and over 2000 at Sagua and
Baracoa. SHAFTER,
Major General Commanding.
TEN THOUSAND MORE
PRISONERS COMING IN
Starving and Sick They Are Delight
ed With the Prospect of Return
ing to Spain.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, July 24.— Colonel
Angel Rosill arrived here yesterday from
General Pareja, Military Governor of
Guantanamo, to ascertain from General
Toral If the report of the capitulation
were true. Ab the result of Toral's an
swer, the COOO Spanish troops at Guanta
namo will to-morrow (Monday) surrender
and lay down their arms.
This afternoon Lieutenant Mlley of
General Shafter's staff returned from
Piilama, Soranla and San Lulu, where he
received the surrender and arms of 3466
men. of which 300G are Spanish soldiers
to bo deported. At first they refused to
credit the statement that Santiago had
surrendered, but the presence of a Spanish
| officer who accompanied Lieutenant Mlley
| finally convinced them and then they dlu
j played great delight at the prospect of
j returning to Spain.
! All the surrendered troops are suffering
j from djsease and starvation and General
Shafter has instructed the immediate
forwarding of rations. IT»- has informed
the Spanish officers that their families
wil! be given transportation to Spain with
food at the expense of the Government
j and that the maintenance of the men Is
provided for by contract.
TUNAS DE ZAZA INVESTED
BY AMERICAN TROOPS
Warships Shell Galamalacoa and a
Landing Force Attacks
the Town.
MADRID, July 24.— A telegram from
Havana reports that the insurgents at
tacked Glbara, on the north coast of
the province of Santiago, and the gar
rison, after a severe fight, evacuated
the place. Many of the Insurgents
were killed.
The dispatch also reports that a force
of Americans landed at Galamalacoa
(Tayabacoa) and invested Tunas de
Zaza, and the warships shelled Gala
malacoa.
Dies of Starvation.
SEATTLE. July 24.-Jamc9 Wilson,
cged G5 yenrs. was found dead to-day in
front of h\p bom*. He had been llvinr
.mm hand to inoulh for some time, ana
the coroner's Jury decided that death
was earned Joy starvation and exhaus
tion.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 25, 1898.
WHAT DISPOSITION
SHALL BE MADE OF
THE PHILIPPINES?
Natives More Capable of Self-
Government Than Cubans,
Says Dewey.
NEW YORK, July 24.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald sends
the following: Rear Admiral Dewey
has officially expressed to the Navy De
partment his opinion that the insurg
ents of the Philippines are more ca-
pable of self-government than are the
Insurgents of Cuba. So far as I have
bfH>n able to learn he has not informed
the department of any change in the
attitude of General Auglnaldo toward
the American forces, although General
Anderson said in his dispatch to the
War Department that the insurgent
leader had declared himself dictator
and proclaimed martial law.
Rear Admiral Dewey's dispatches
concerning Auginaldo's behavior have
generally been of a complimentary
character and that the two are working
in harmony is best shown, the officials
contend, by obedience of the Insurgent
leader to Rear Admiral Dewey's re
quests to suspend operations against
Manila until the arrival of the Ameri
can troops.
What shall be the final disposition of
the Philipipnes is a question which has
not even been settled by the adminis
tration. From commercial bodies the
President hns learned their anxiety for
retention of the Philippines, but from
other sources objection is raised to
their acquisition. All the President and
a majority of his Cabinet would like to
hold would be a coaling station in the
Philippines and Guam Island in the
La drones.
With the natives quite as capable of
self-government as the Cubans, it may
CHEER THEIR
CAPTORS' FLAG
Unusual Demonstration
by Spaniards.
GRATEFUL FOR KINDNESSES
THEIB METHOD OF THANKING
UNCLE SAM.
Prisoners Captured on Prize Steam
ers Salute Old Glory as They
Are About to Start for
Spain.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, July 24.— Prisoners of
war cheering the flag of their captors
was the unusual sight witnessed at the
Union dock in Brooklyn to-day. The
sight was all the more significant as
the cheers came from Spanish throats.
The 254 prisoners captured on the
four prize steamer 3 now In port were
about to sail for home under the Brit
ish flag. They were on board the Hes
perla, of the Anchor line, and Just as
she backed out of the dock one of the
patrol gunboats came by. With one
accord the prisoners raised three
mighty cheers which startled the peo
ple on the Brooklyn shore and could
be heard on Governor's Island. It was
the best they could do in thanking
Uncle Sam for the kindness lavished on
them while they were prisoners.
The Hesperia left at 3 p. m., bound
for Italian ports. She will put the
prisoners on shore at Gibraltar. The
prisoners were a happy lot and their
appearance showed that they had been
well treated while in enforced idleness.
Among the 254 prisoners were six of
ficers. They have saloon accommoda
tions, while the others are In the steer
age. One of the Spanish officers said:
"If our men in the field realized the
hopelessness of our cause, or the treat
ment they would get at the hands of
the Americans they would not fight
long. The quickest and easiest way to
reach home is to surrender. I believe
in fighting where there Is a chance, but
our soldiers don't know we have not a
chance. They can get home quicker by
surrendering, and in the meantime be
well fed and taken care of. But they
think the Americans will murder
them."
The Austrian Consul paid $T7 a head
for the passage of each of the pris
oners.
SHAFTER REPLIES TO
GARCIA'S COMPLAINT
Dissensions in the Red Cross Society
Leading to Dr. Guiteras'
assignation.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTIAGO, Cuba, July 23 (by Call-
Herald dispatch boat Golden Rod to
Kingston. Jamaica, July 24).— General
Phiifter has told General Garcia that
the reason why the Cubans were not
invited to participate in the ceremonies
of surrender was that he thought it
would not be good policy. His action,
he stated, was not due to any lack of
regard of his Cuban allies.
The Cubans intend to attack Holgnln
and then Manzanillo.
Dissensions have arisen among the
representatives of the Red Cross So
ciety here. Dr. cuiteras, the yellow
fever expert, has resigned and re
turned to the United States because of
unfavorable comments on his work.
More humble members of the Red
Cross say that others who are more
prominent are using the society for
their own advancement.
It is denied that there are thirty cases
of yellow fever in the cavalry division.
Thehealth of the city is generally good,
although there are many cases of ma
laria and dysentery.
Dr. Calmanero inspected the trans
ports Leona, Concho and Orizaba and
found three cases of yellow fever on the
one last named.
General Toral had a conference to
day with General Shafter relative to
the transportation of Spanish prisoners
to Spain. It was arranged to send 8000
within a week. The Spanish Govern
ment proposed to send its men free on
ships of the Trans-Atlantic line which
be the administration will determine to
maintain a force in the Islands of the
far East until a stable government Is
In operation In the Philippines and then
withdraw — just as it is proposed to do
in Cuba.
This is on <f the many suggestions
which has been presented to the Presi
dent's consideration, but it is purely
mere speculation to say whether or
not he will adopt it: It is appreciated
by the authorities that the abandon
ment of the Philippines will mean the
seizure of different Islands by Euro
pean powers, and it is questionable
whether the authorities woui.l be will
ing to abandon them. When peace ne
gotiations are entered into, the author
ities say, that matter will then be
finally considered and disposed of, but
in view of the possibilities of the
future, which may cause a policy dif
ferent from that which might now be
formed, it Is the intention of the Presi
dent not to announce any definite plan
until the war is at an end.
I understand that the monitor Mont
erey has instructions to proceed to
Yap Island, near the Pelew group, and
there hoist the* American flag. The
authorities believe that within the
next week the monitor will touch at
the point named and then proceed to
Manila, where she will arrive about
August 5.
Yap Island, also called Oouap and
Gouap, is about nine miles long and
has about 2000 inhabitants. It is one
of the Caroline group and owned by
Spain. It is In latitude 9 degrees 25
minutes north and .ongitude 13S de
grees 1 minute west. It lies just north
of the Pelew I .ands.
are now shut up in Cuban ports. The !
United States officials refused the offer ''
because they considered it a ruse to get
the vessels away. The prisoners are
elated over the near prospect of return
ing to their homes.
WEEKLY WAR REVIEW
OF THE LONDON TIMES
Commends the President's Instruc
tions for the Government
of Santiago.
LONDON, July 25.-The Times, In its j
weekly war review, expresses the opinion
that the measure* taken by General
Shaftcr for the protection of life and
property a' Sant'ago de Cuba will exer
cise a definite, irnuence upon other part.?
of tho Island, "where n will be under
stood that Spanish loyalists are not to
be abandoned, whatever happens. Presi
dent McKinlry'B Instructions for the gov
ernment of Santiago," the article contin
ues, "which conform completely with the
pledges given before the war. establish
a precedent that proves a happy augury
in relation to American expansion "
With reference to European criticism of
Commodore Watson's projected cruise to
the Spanish coast, the article repeats the
already avowed conviction of the Times
that the policy of the United States will !
not be modified thereby. The writer com
pliments Admiral Dewey In regard to the
attitude of Germany at Manila with hav
ing "played a difficult game" with con
spicuous abllltv.
HOUSES DESTROYED
BY AN EARTHQUAKE
Succession of Severe Shocks Causes
Much Damage in a Chilean
Province.
VALPARAISO. Chile, July 24.-A vio
lent shock of earthquake, lasting one
minute, was felt last night at Concep
tion, capital of the Chilean province of .
that name, and at Taleahuany.in the Bay
of Concepcion and eight miles distant
from Concepcion City. Many houses were
destroyed and the telegraph and electric
light wires severed. The inhabitants were
terrified and fled from their homes, spend
ing the night in the open air. Many tse
vere shocks were experienced.
SWALLOWED CARBOLIC ACID.
Frank Schmidt Committed Suicide
Early This Morning.
Frank Schmidt, aged 26 years, commit- '
ted suicide early this morning by swal
lowing carbolic acid. He lived at a lodg
ing house. 621 Commercial street For
some time Schmidt has been despondent
being out of work and having no means
of support. Nothing but a 1-eent pleco
was found on his person. He dl^i shortly
after being removed to the Receiving
Hospital. 6
Found Dead In Bed.
Orlando Loucks. an old man aged 69
years, was found dead In hiß bed by his
daughter yesterday morning at the family
residence, 204 San Jose avenue. The smeh
of escaping gas led the young lady to her
father's bedroom, where she found him
dead. Deputy Coroner Jack TyrnMl made
an examination of the room and from the
statements of the members of the family
became convinced that it was a case of
accident, as the old gentleman was In the
habit of leaving the gas burning during
the night, and It Is suppos- the flame
was blown out in some manner.
Mr. Loucks was a salesman for II C
Bunner & Co., undertakers, on Mission
Rtreet. near Twenty-second. lie was a
native of New York.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Annual Sales over o,ooo,ooo Boxes
FOR BILIOUS AND NEEVOUB DISORDERS
such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach,
Giddiness. Fulness aftor meals. Head-
ache, Dlzzinosa. Drowsiness. Flushings
of Heat, Loss of Appetlto. Costlveness.
Blotches on the Skin. Cold Chills, Dis-
turbed Sleep. Frightful Dreams and all
Nervous and Trembling Sensations.
THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF
IN TWENTY MINUTES. Every sufferer
will acknowledge them to bo
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
KKlxnttT* P ILL'S, taken as direct-
ed, will quickly restore- Females to com-
plete health. Thoy promptly remove
obstructions or Irregularities of the sys-
tem and cure Mirk Headache* Fora
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
And hiiTs th»
LARGEST SALE
•f any Patent Medicine In the Tf»rld,
250. at all Drug Stores.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ri A Woman's Confidence
ff t/^35 ! naiClcSl
\v V llif^ — -^^ / For a Store
1 to Get
S3Hv^s And the
"^SJ^T Easiest Thing
to Lose. |
You cannot fool a woman more than once. You
cannot make her believe an article is honest if it is
not. I
The confidence ladies have in us is being greatly
enhanced during this Special Sale in our Children's
Department, and we really do what we can to ■;
deserve their goodwill. ■ '
No woman on earth will say we £=^^1 1!^ '
do not deserve her entire confidence ;
if she will but visit our store during tfr*** j
this sale and see the garments we /^^^3^/\^
are offering for $2.35 which are 'WU^S^^\
positively worth and have been sold wMOr/ \
as high as $8. <r^rJt'^!l W^/^4 >
The effects are a gorgeous array i^^^KD^^Jd;
of beautiful designs and smart pat- (^Nsl* -_^-_^^H
terns in Reefers, Middies and Dou- '^^T^^^T^fe^
ble-breasted Suits, ages 8 to 14, G^feifV \ \ Yssts>
comprising all the latest styles in \^£^ M I^9
weaves of Worsteds, Cheviots, gji \ 1 fe^
Tweeds and Cassimeres. Wj-JlI^J
All garments purchased during Wf uffl
this sale can be retained a week Ms W
and, if dissatisfied, money will be £1
refunded. No questions asked. £/
For fear the above assertions may seem elaborated upon, we candidly
admit that we are losing money on every article sold during this sale, yet we
are thoroughly contented to do so in order to introduce our Boys' Depart-
ment to the mothers of San Francisco.
Combined with the above sale will be several hundred j
All-wool and Worsted Knee Pants, ages 6to 14, which will [
be sold during this sale for 68c, former price $1.00, $1.50 .
and $2.00. |
No department fefe^^^^^V We must eon- I
of the manufac- mm? ji^%y\ jS^> sider the fond
r^Wr it \\____bOGfca*- t t
ture of clothing ipr M Vj mother who
demands a wider ,'M £ (nrSft judges from an (
range of experi- artistic stand- i
ence than that 9M(¥ .|%^ point: the happy !
devoted to the V ] / Xtfki father who pays
apparel of the / / / jp the bill; and last,
younger genera- / I \ I but not least, the
tion. LJ'/, VI young hopeful
mjf B himself.
a I*. !■ ■
We are now paying to get acquainted with you, S)
and therefore give you a Suit for $2.35 worth $8.00 W
and offer money back a week after purchase.
S.N.WOOD&CO.,
718 MARKET STREET.
. ... __ ._. ■ / ■ ■ . _ J
34
MONDAY JULY 25, 189S
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third St»-. S. F-
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 22! Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1871
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In trjls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per montt)
65 cents. _____^
THE WEEKLY CALL On« year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
KEW YORK OFFICE Room 138. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rlft&s Hone*
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C GEORGE KROGNESB. Advertising Representative.
tRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9-30 o'clocK- 387 Hcyes street, open until ,
9:30 o'clooK- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second an*
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock*
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— -A Gallant Surrender."
Alcar.ar— "Ea3t Lynne
Morocco's-- Tho Iwo Orphans '
Tivoll- '"The Bolls )k'§r?;ir Student"
Orpheum - Vaudeville.
Ihb Chute?— Zoo. Vaudeville and Cannon, the 618-pound Man.
uijmpla— Corner Mat-on and Eddy streets, Specialties.
fcutro Baths— Swimming-.
Xl Canipo— Music, danflnir.boatlnr. flshln*, every Sunday.
AUCTION SALUi.
By Frink W. Butterfleld-Thla day, July I*. Library, at corner
Mrrkm and Seventh streets, at 8 o clock p. m.
OUR NEW COMMERCIAL FIELDS.
1" H E United States is flush with money. This is
plainly shown in Wall street, where there is a
ided pressure of new funds for investment,
and where there is already considerable talk of the
formation of syndicates for financial ventures in
Eastern Cuba. The shrewd American mind has al
perceived the richness of the new field
being opened by onr armies in the Antilles,
and if the present alacrity to take advantage
of it be any indication, there will be vast
rcial investments in Cuba and Porto Rico
near future, to say nothing of the Philippines
later on. The Yankee has grown immensely rich at
home; he now bids fair to become still richer
The Spanish war has given American enter
: stimulus little dreamed of three months ago.
.1 colonies have kept the Spanish nation
up to the pre«ent, and under the superior
D will henceforth yield tenfold
• us.
The abundance and ease of money in New York is
further shown by the demand for the new issue of
Private individuals want them for their safe
\ and the banks are buying them for the pur
irculation, though this latter demand is
becked by the cheapness of money.
bonds of all kinds are wanted in Wall street,
and are taken in preference to stocks., which for the
i arc given the cold shoulder.
'.I affected by the dullness inci
to the midsummer season, and shows few fea
;. of note. The bank clearings of the
country last week showed a gain of 5 per cent over
the same week in 1897, this being the smallest gain
me time. A loss of 20 per cent at Pittsburg
rather indicates a falling off in the iron trade, though
tistical position of the market is supposedly
d by a curtailment of production and a
reductii cks. The iron market, however, is
showing certain irregular symptoms, though a num
es have lately been made, three
- . - \ooo tons of steel billets. The
int feature of trade last week, however, was
• in wool, both East and West,
it was mainly confined to a few grades. The
n wool markets are now said to be the lowest
in the world, and it is claimed that stocks there can
not be replaced at lower prices, either here or abroad.
Shipments of boots and shoes thus far this month are
i larger than ever before in July, except in
Atlantic coast large preparations are
for extensive shipments of merchandise to
n points expected as a result of the
in occupation oi Cuba. Commercial failures
continue small, those last week being 188, or 32 less
than in the same week in 1897, 92 lesi than in ISO 6
and 51 less than in 1895.
The breaking out of the war immediately diverted
the public attention from the Klondike, but the ar
mors with large amounts of treasure and
that the production of the district this year
will amount to $20,000,000 have again brought this
industry into prominence, and more animation in the
ide is looked for in consequence.
The wheat trade of the country has been rather dis
ting of late. Supplies of the old crop are rap
appearing, and though the new crop move
ment is in excess of last year it hardly comes up to ex
>ns. and the market has ruled weak, though a
certain sensitiveness to bullish conditions
implies that it would not take much to advance quo
tations, which are rather low.
The local situation shows no particular change from
last week. The grain markets, which had been stag
nant for some time, showed unsettled symptoms,
which may develop into an advance or possibly the
reverse, though the latter is hardly expected. Corn
has gone up sharply, owing to light stocks here and
nn advance in the Western markets, and as this grain
lias been ~rd as feed for several months, the
rise may lend to a sympathetic improvement in the
minor cerenK such as barley and oats. Farm products
continue firm as a rule. Hay keeps up to its profit
able level, in spite of heavier receipts, and specula
tion in beans, which has been stagnant of late, is re
viving. Fruit continues to bring prices little dreamed
of a year ago. and the fruit-growers are consequently
in clover. Provisions are dull, as usual at this season,
and pork has been steadily declining for a week. The
hide market is also weakening, but there is rather
more tone in wool, especially for the choice descrip
tions. Canned fruits are stiff, and the tendency of
the market is upward, as the English inquiry is
strong and the output this year will be much lighter
than usual. General merchandise is moving off well,
and the merchants are not complaining of business.
Money is in abundant supply at the usual rates of
interest.
Considering the remarks they would be apt to ex
change, perhaps it is as well that Shafter and Garcia
do not speak as they pas« by.
Rebellion in Wu Chau Fu seems to progress with
all the spirit of a highbinder riot in our own China
town.
THE DUTY OF REPUBLICANS.
RESOLUTIONS adopted by the Republican
State Central Committee providing for the
election of delegates to the State convention
declare: "In counties having three or more Assem
bly Districts primary elections must be held, and
must be held by Assembly Districts. The County
Committee shali give at least ten days' notice of the
primary elections, or caucus, for the selection of dele
gates to said convention, and must provide for two
oting places, and as many more as may be necessary,
in each Assembly District where primaries are held,
and the polls at such primary elections must be kept
open at least twelve hours."
These resolutions are the formal manifestation and
proof that the Republican leaders are in hearty sym
pathy and accord with the sentiment expressed by
Chairman McLaughlin in his ringing declaration of
opposition to "boss rule, corruption in politics and
domination of corporations." Under these provisions
every loyal Republican is given an equal share in the
selection of the men who are to represent his county
in the convention. The rule of the bosses is over
thrown at the start, corruption is eliminated and
honest politics has the field.
This much having been done by the State Com
mittee, the outcome rests with the rank and file of
the party. Indifference to the rights thus secured, or
negligence to attend the primaries, if prevalent to
any considerable extent among the Republicans, will
offset all that has been accomplished. No system of
political procedure, however fairly devised and hon
estly enforced, can benefit those who are not willing
to perform the work necessary to reap the benefits.
The way has been provided for independent, fair
minded and patriotic Republicans to direct the affairs
of the party in this campaign from first to last, but
unless they are earnest and resolute In fulfilling their
duties the control will pass from them to the bosses
again, in spite of all the State Committee has done.
How far a feeling of indifference to politics exists
among the people this year it is impossible to say;
but the slow way in which registration is proceeding
in this county is an evidence that it is widespread.
That feeling within the ranks of the Republican party
at any rate must be overcome. Every earnest member
of the party should make himself an active canvasser
among his friends and see that all are registered, that
all are impressed with the importance of attending
the primaries when they are called.
The Republican State Committee has made an ap
peal direct to the people. It is desirable that the re
sponse should come from the people direct. The
State convention should represent genuine Repub
licanism. All of its delegates should come straight
from the great body of the party and speak the true
voice of the majority. It is now. therefore, the prime
duty of every Republican to register and to prepare
for attending the coming primaries, so that each and
j all may do their share in ridding the organization of
i boss rule, corruption in politics, and the domination
j of corporations, and making it in every way worthy
■ of the memories of Lincoln and of Grant, and equal
j to the task of upholding the stalwart Americanism of
the McKinley administration.
THE DUTY OF REGISTRATION.
REGISTRAR BIGGY reported last Thursday
that up to that time only about 14,000 out of a
possible 74.000 voters had registered, notwith
standing the fact that the office has been open ever
since June 1. At the main office registration will
close on August 8. There is, therefore, comparatively
little time for the 60,000 citizens who yet remain to
get their names on the rolls.
It is not easy to understand why any considerable
number of intelligent men should have so long neg
lected to attend to so important a political duty as
this. The pressure of business cannot have kept
everybody back, nor is it likely that so many per
sons believe their former registration will remain
good. It has been announced over and over
that with the formation of the new great register
the old one will be canceled, and no one will be al
lowed to vote whose name is not on the new one.
Registration at the main office can be accomplished
now, before the rush begins, in about five minutes.
So small is the number of persons who are now regis
tering daily that there is almost no waiting necessary
on the part of any. The office, moreover, is open
until 9 p. m. to accommodate those wno cannot at
tend to the duty in the daytime, so that there is ample
opportunity for all to register at their convenience
without crowding and without delay.
It is hardly necessary to say that this condition of
affairs will not last much longer. The time for clos
ing registration at the main office Is drawing near.
The rush will soon begin. Those who wait will be
put to man}- inconveniences that they could now
avoid. Every argu :,ent, therefore, is on the side of
a prompt attention to the duty.
There is reason to fear that a spirit of indifference
has developed in the city in regard to the approach
ing election, and that the people are not aware of the
importance of the issues before them. It is certain
that all of the so-called "push" and "pull" element
will register and vote. If the business men of the
city neglect to be equally attentive to their political
duties they will merit the fate that will befall them
on election day.
A free government is dependent for good adminis
tration upon the free actions of its best citizens. If
they neglect their political duties because of business
or indifference, then the administration of city or
State and representation at Washington will be just
what the bosses choose to make.
HURT'S MILITARY SPIRIT.
WH. H. HART is in the throes of ambition.
He wants to take his alphabetical impressive
• ness to the Philippines or somewhere and
devastate the enemy with it. The throes would not
have attracted attention had Hart kept them at
home, but he has toted them off to Washington,
where there is a possibility that they may be taken for
something important. He is a man of airy, fairy
fancy, not seriously considered here, and yet he
might spring the drummer-boy story on the Presi
dent and get a commission of some sort, a circum
stance which would tend to make the State ridiculous,
and would make Hart ridiculous also, save that there
is no way of painting the lily.
Of the drummer-boy story Hart was the hero. It
credited him with having led an army on to victory
by the martial beat of the sheepskin and the fire flash
ing from his youthful eye. It set forth that having
beheld him. the foe fled in terror. It was a beautiful
tale, and Hart had promised to pay a certain sum
for having it written, the purpose being to create a
wave of enthusiasm upon the crest of which he could
ride into office. It created the wave, and Hart rode
the crest in fine style. There was little savor of truth
in the story. In fact, it is said. Hart had not been in
the action where he was supposed to have rallied the
troops and saved the day. Moreover, the story has
not yet been paid for, although this is of course a
side issue, mention of which may be indelicate.
California's objection to the plan of the gentleman
of Vftrrs is that the State is ready to furnish in a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 25, 1898.
regular way all the troops which may be called for
by the Government. There has been a willingness
amounting to enthusiasm in this respect, and the
commonwealth has acquitted itself with honor. Now,
Hart, as an individual, could not raise a brigade, a
regiment, a company, a corporal's guard, or anything
else but a smile. His failure would be absolute, a
serio-comic feature not required by war, and yet if
lie were equipped with a commission the fiasco would
in a measure reflect upon the State. Therefore the
President is solicited by every citizen of California
save Hart himself not to be deluded into giving the
.desired commission. If the gentleman with an al
phabet for a title and an impregnable nerve as his
working capital is determined to kill Spaniards let
him hunt up his old drum and, going against the
enemy single-handed, beat them into the sea. If it's
glory he's after this feat would bring him plenty.
California appreciates Hart as a joke, but he can't
play himself on us too often.
STATE PRIDE AND THE WAR.
/-CONSIDERABLE discussion, lively at all
I times and sometimes redhot, has been occa
sioned in the East by certain claims put for
ward by New York and Massachusetts asserting a
superiority over their sister States in furnishing
troops for the war. As the controversy is waged
over the records of the expedition to the West Indies
it is hardly our fight. It happens, however, that in
carrying on their disputation both sides have made
assertions sufficiently sweeping to include the whole
war, and not the Atlantic side of it only, and as some
of these sweeping claims are unjust to California, we
are compelled to take notice of them.
The New York Times, for example, in discussing
why troops were not more rapidly sent to the front,
says: "Without question all the troops that were con
sidered available were sent. They were all regular
troops with the exception of the Rough Riders, of one
regiment from New York and of one regiment from
Massachusetts. That is to say, when the test of a well
regulated militia came, Massachusetts and New York
were the only States that were found to possess such
a militia,"
If that had specifically referred to the West In
dian expedition only we would have had no cause to
interfere, but the broad statement that when the test
came it was found that only New York and Massa
chusetts had a well regulated militia is false. Cali
fornia was the first State in the Union to furnish the
quota called for by the President, and she was able to
be the first simply because she had a militia suffi
ciently "well regulated" to respond without a mo
ment's delay. While New York and Massachusetts
were wrangling over the legal questions involved in
transferring regiments of the National Guard to the
Volunteer Army, California acted promptly and got
there first.
The Philadelphia Enquirer in disputing the claims
of the Times claims for Pennsylvania the honor of
being the first State to respond to the call for men,
and in explaining why the troops of that State have
not been more numerous* or more conspicuous at the
front says:
"The reason that New York and Massachusetts
— and, hy the way. we must not forget Michigan's
two regiments under Duffield — have been well repre
sented at the front is because those States are well
represented in the family counsel of the President
Their Cabinet officers have spared no pains to bring
to the attention of the authorities the condition of the
troops of their States, which we do not doubt in the
main was fairly good. But the guard of Pennsylvania,
which has been the pride of the commonwealth, has
been neglected and passed over until now that once
splendidly organized body of men has been scattered
and disrupted."
The plea is ingenious, but it is not exactly effec
, tive. California has no representation in the Cabinet,
! nor as strong a Congressional delegation as Penn
sylvania, yet our boys have found their way to the
front and will no doubt distinguish themselves there.
In fact, when it comes to comparing State records in
this war California will not have to advance excuses
of any kind. She has not only furnished promptly all
that the nation called upon her for, but a considerable
number of men for the regular army and other or
ganizations. Therefore when Eastern States wish to
dispute with one another over their rival pretensions
j they should confine their claims of superiority to
their side the Mississippi and not make sweeping as
j sertions that include the Union.
THE SUPERVISION OF FORESTS
A RECENTLY issued report of the Chief Fire
Warden of Minnesota, covering the year 1897,
has attracted much attention in the East by
reason of the evidence it affords of the advantages
accruing to a commonwealth from a judicious care
and guardianship of its forests. In Minnesota hardly
anything has been done in that way by the State ex
cept to guard against fires, and yet even that much
has resulted in a saving so vast that the cost of the
supervision amounts to but a trifle in comparison
with it.
According to reviews of the report given in our
exchanges, the standing timber in Minnesota is esti
mated by the Fire Warden to be worth, at the lowest
calculation, upward of $100,000,000. Minnesota is one
of the large States of the Union, and its forest area
extends over many miles. The annual destruction
of trees by fires was at one time so great that the
loss was almost incalculable. With the supervision
now established these losses, while not completely
guarded against, have been so much reduced that
according to the report under consideration the total
loss by fires in the forest for the year was but $22,455,
and on the prairies $14,554.
It would be gratifying if we could have a report
from a Cakiornian official showing as low a loss by
forest fire* as that of the Fire Warden of Minnesota.
A single one of our large fires will probably sweep
away five times the value of all the trees destroyed by
fires in Minnesota in a whole year. It is indeed high
time for us to be giving serinus consideration to this
problem. We can find in Europe and in the older
States of the East ample precedents both to warn us
and to guide us.
Germany has acrualry mn.de her forestry system pay
a revenue to the State, while at the same time the
forests themselves increase in value. Spain has lone
since destroyed her forests, and her people are suf
fering the consequences in the form of a thousand
evils. At present California is following the course
of Spain, while Minnesota has turned her steps
toward wiser courses. Our forests to-day are worth
much more than those of our sister State, but if each
persists in the course it is now pursuing it will
not be very long before the superiority will be on the
other side.
If Blanco persists in his determination to destroy
the American navy it is hoped he can be per
suaded to permit Uncle Sam to keep a few rejuven
ated ships for which Spain does not seem to have any
use.
Augusti and Blanco seem to have been designed for
th» violent ward of a lunatic asylum.
NEWS OF THE MINES.
The International Exposition at Toron
to, Canada, which will open the last of
August, will, it Is gratifying to know,
display a mineral exhibit from the Rands*
burg district, if from no other part of the
State. The exhibit will be a small one.
and will be due to private enterprise, but
it points to the advertising moral con
stantly needed to be kept in mind by
every mining region of the State. It is
a pity that a splendid exhibit representing
the whole State could not have been sent
to Omaha, but that possibility is gone,
and the next great opportunity will be the
Paris Exposition. Our mineral represen
tation there depends on the next Legisla
ture.
The Randsburgr district has fortunately
got rid of its early boom and its fictitious
operations, and has developed into a pros
perous, steadily producing camp, with a
promising and lasting future before it.
The current mining news from Randsburg
and vicinity is now made up of reports of
genuine progress, important finds and
legitimate developments. The perma
nence with depth of the ora values has
been demonstrated.
According to the Los Angeles Review
the gold output of the Rand district the
current year has been about $400,000. The
output for the month of July will prob
ably be increased over that of the past
three months, as the Yellow Aster Com
pany will have their usual amount of ore
milled this month. During June the Eu
reka mill ran twenty tons of ore for the
Jltned mine, going $70 per ton; twenty
tons for the Napoleon, running 5100;
tweitty-flvf] tons of Wedge ore at $U-0,
thirteen tons of Kinyon at $150. forty tons
for the Butte, running $60 per ton.
The new two-stamp mill at the Little
Butte mine Is running day and night on
Little Butte ore. In this mine a seam
was followed down 280 feet before gold
was encountered; then a good ledge three
feet wide was found.
During June the Johannesburg Reduc
tion Works made a mill run for the Yel
low Aster Company amounting to $20,000,
and the Butte a $7000 run.
Another rich strike has been made in
Trilby No. 2, and over $3000 was taken out
In one day.
A cyanide plant is in course of construc
tion at Oarlock to work the tailings of
that camp. It is expected to handle sixty
tons per day.
In spite of the unprecedented lack of
water, involving the temporary curtail
ment or suspension of operation at "go
ing" mines, on the mother lode mining
activity in the line of development, pros
pecting, buying and bonding is as lively
as ever.
According to a Stockton dispatch one or
the richest strikes on the mother lode for
some time has been made at the Ma
zeppa mine, near Stent, in Tuolumne
County. The mine Joins th« famous
Jumper claim, and only development
work has been done. At a depth of fif t> -
five feet a vein was uncovered in which
free gold in large quantities is shown. A
lump the size of an egg contained be
tween |45 and $50 of almost pure gold It
is impossible to tell the extent of the_
lead or estimate the amount of ore.
According to the Mountain Echo of
Angels Camp. Calaveras County, work
on the famous old Cherokee mine near
Altaville, is progressing rapid under its
new management. A tine hoist has just
been completed and a general improve
ment is noticeable in and around the mill
and hoisting works. Everything is now
in readiness for work under ground in the
main shaft.-. The old timers of Altaville
predict a great future for the mine under
intelligent management, and it is not at
all to be wondered at considering the fact
that all old residents of Altaville know
that the Cherokee has produced more
said in proportion to the amount of work
Performed than any other quartz mine
ever discovered in this mining section.
Preparations are making to work the
Harris mine on a larger scale. This mine
is probably one of the richest mines ever
discovered in Calaveras County.—Moun
tain Echo. , _ ,
Of the general situation in Tuolumne
County the Sonora Union-Democrat says:
"The steady growth of the mining indus
try goes on as merrily as ever, and all
indications point out that ere the close
of the year fifty modemly equipped mines
that were unknown quantities in 1597 will
be hammering away in the gold-produc
ing contest."
The American Gravel Mining Company
whose property is located near Fo^t Jim,
are busily engaged in running a bedrock
tunnel to tap the gravel channel. Over
400 feet has already been driven in ex
tremely hard rock. They expect to strike
the channel within another 100 feet. The
company now has 1200 carloads of gravel
on its dump, taken from another portion
Its claim, which it has been unable to
wash up. owing to lack of water.—Placer
vine Nugget.
Wednesday of last week the managers
of the Grizzly mine in Tuolumne County
began to discharge white labor and filled
their places with Chinamen. The Banner
says that in no time all the miners left,
went to Eummerville and reported the
AROUND THfi
CORRIDORS.
Dr. !>. Maddox is at the Grand.
M. Donovon of Anaconda is at the
Palace.
A. dc Kittrlch of St Petersburg is at
the Palace.
I.yndsey Van Rensselaer of New York
l? at the Palace.
R. Ross, railroad man jf Salt Lake, is
at the Occidental.
H. E. Barber, the capitalist of Stock
ton, Is in the city.
Fabian Fisher, the capitalist of Red
dlnp, is at the Baldwin.
N. Wines, proprietor of the Truckee
stripe line. Is at the Grand.
Jo=e H. Rico and Manuclo Quintana of
Mnzatlan are at the Palace.
Philip MorSe, a prominent business man
of San Diego, is at the Grand.
A- Malt el. a %'ineyardist of Malaga,
Fresno County, is at the Rubs.
Thomas R. Minturn and Ward B. Min
j ttirn of Minturn are at the Palace.
J. lCcKelll, the well-known politician
| and rancher of Modesto, is at the Hubs.
I Tom Rlordan,
he attorney and
i former days
hief adviser to
/ittle Pete, was
.•alklng down
larket street
-------■:-; the other day
■when he spied a friend on the other side
whom he wished particularly v
Riordan gesticulated and whistled and
called, but the friend neither heard nor
saw him. Just as the attorney was about
to give chase to overtake the ■]
pedestrian on the otber side the I
turned his course and cam© directly
toward him. But Rlordan was not the
only one who displayed an ardent anx
iety to hold converse with hl« friend. A
man well along In years was going
through the same performance, and when
he saw the party cross the street he
walked over to the curbstone and there
waited for him. Rlordan did the same,
and a collision was barely averted. Just
th<*n the young man who had crossed the
street caupht sight of Rlordan, but did
not notice the presence of the elderly
gentleman. Rlordan said: "Hello, Watt.
Hurry up and let us get away from this
old man., He looks as If he were going
to strike me for something." Riordan's
friend turned around. The old man was
Watt's father.
WORDS j
BETTER LEFT j
UNSAID. 1
l
James and Miss Hay have returned
from a visit to the interior and are at
the Palace.
Dr. J. W. Galbraith. chief surgeon of
the Union Pacific Railroad Company, is
at the Palace.
Colonel John Richardson of Honolulu,
a member of the Hawaiian Commission',
arrived last night from Washington and
is at the California.
Dr. A. B. Thrasher of Cincinnati is at
the Palace, visiting the Pacific Coast on
a pleasure jaunt for the first time. He is
a brother of Dr. Marion Thrasher of this
city.
J. J. Bherldan, deputy marshal of New
condition at the Grizzly. A committee of
citizens was organized and they marcneu
to the mine. There are now no chinamen
at the (Jrizzly, and the committee, while
the iron is hot, has determined to rid the
section of Chinese, and the other mines
and boarding houses will have to employ
white labor. — Calaveras Citizen.
A 10-stamp mill is in course of construc
tion at the Mount Jefferson mine near
Grovelaml. James Al. Meigham, who re
cently returned irnm a visit to Boston,
is the superintendent. The mine is owned
by a company Incorporated under the
laws of Maine. The property is being de
veloped by three shafts, being 95, 100 and
135 feet in depth, respectively. Sinking
Will be continued rapidly until a depth of
(00 feet la reached. Mr. Meigham was in
Sonera Wednesday and reports the pros
pects very encouraging.— Sonora Inde
pendent.
The Thorn, or Illinois mine, started up
In full blast Monday morning. The 10
stamp mill is working to perfection and
it is expected to be the means through
which a second Utica is discovered.—Cal
averas Citizen.
The Great Gwin mine has been shut
down for a time owing to a lack of wa
ter. The situation is explained this week
by a correspondent of the Mining and
Scientific Press as follows: "The Gwin
Mining Company has been notified by
the Mokelumne Hill and Campo
Seco Water Company that they
I can furnish them but eighty Inches
lof water this season. In consequence the
! Gwin company shut down on the 16th, as
I this amount was insufficient to run the
! hoist. This, however, will be only ter
n porary. The company has ordered a
double engine of 250 horsepower, which
is guaranteed under bond to be shipped
from the East within three weeks, and
which, it is thought, will be in operation
within six weeks. This shut-down at this
juncture is rather unfortunate, as the
shaft has been completely unwatered
only fifteen days and was beginning to
pay. Ihe company has broken through
from the 1300-foot level of the new or
North mine into the 15uO drift of the old
mine about 7 feet above the floor, and
made an upraise from the 1400 level of
the new mine to the 1500 of the old prop
erty for air and drainage. The two
shafts are 1100 feet apart."
The Santa Rosa company's deep gravel
mine above Georgetown, which has been
bonded to a California company, is to be
prospected in a thorough manner. It has
christened the Consolidated El Do
rado gravel mine. The claim covers a
considerable length of channel. The com
pany is considering a plan of determining
the depth and course of the channel by
the method of borings. — Georgetown Ga
zette.
stamps of the new 10-stemp mill
at tho Reddick mine were started re
cently and the other five will be crush
ing gravel soon also.— Grass Valley
Union.
John G. Johnson of this place now has !
the option on some valuable quartz mines i
in the vicinity of Graniteville (Eureka i
South). That part of this county is now
coming rapidly to the front, and is at
tracting the attention of mining men all
over the country.— Valley Tele
graph.
A 353 horsepower turbine water-wheel
has arrived at the Pioneer. Placer County. !
The Pioneer directors think that after the
completion of the dam and the installa
tion of the electric plant they can safely
figure on $10,000 monthly net 'earnings.
The Oroville Mercury says that litiga
tion over the. Cherokee mine at Cherokee
has been settled by compromise and the
mine bonded to C. W. Cross of San Fran
cisco for six months, who in turn agrees
to relinquish all claims against the com
pany if he fails to make a sale within
that time.
At the Zeile mine in Amador County
the work of repairing and sinking the
shaft has begun. It is expected to keep
eighteen out of the forty stamps running
while this work Is going on.
Superintendent Brent of the Wheeler
mine at Plymouth has contracted for a
fifteen-stamp mill to be erected on the
property at once.
A\e are credibly informed that the old
mining district of Whisky Creek Is at this
time a pretty lively place; that many
strangers in that section are out in the
higjier mountain ranges prospecting. It
is now claimed that the old Mahlove
treasure lode can be traced carrying free
milling ore for over 5000 feet. Davis' late
find on Murderers Gulch is a continuation
of this lead. This claim has always been
pronounced a true fissure ledge by some
of the best mining experts in the State.—
Redding Searchlight.
The Gladstone mine. French Gulch,
Shasta County, employs twenty men.
Good ore is Ing taken from the mine,
and the 20-stamp mill Is running steadily.
The business of the Mexican Sulphur
Company at Tuma has been closed. Two
things made it necessary to cease opera
tions for the present at the company's
splendid properties in Lower California —
the existing state of war and the excessive
heat of that section of country rendering
It dangerous and well-nigh impossible for
men to work in the mines at this season
of the year. Sulphur is a contraband of
war, and President Diaz of Mexico gave
the company notice that its shipment
must cease. Operations will be resumed
as soon as cool weather sets in, if the war
shall have passed away.
Mexico, arrived from Santa Fe yesterday
and is at the Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. Robert Insley arrived in
this city from Dawson yesterday after
noon by way of Seattle.
J. C. Kemp Van Ee. who is representing
a large English mining syndicate, has re
turned from a short visit to Hodson.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. July 24.— Dr. 11. I. Black
of San Francisco is at the Hoffman.
Benjamin J. Ocden of San Francisco is
at the Imperial. J. Flanaghan of San
Francisco and H. Abrahamson of Oak
land are at the Cadillac. James Rankin
of San Francisco has gone, to Paris.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
The Brazilian coast defense ship Mar
shal Deodora was launched last month
at Havre.
The Japanese cruiser Tagasako, recent
ly built at Elswick. left Portsmouth May
Zl. and arrived at Aden June 26 The dis
tance made was 4390 sea miles.
..^French battiTehlp Curler/mime Of
11,275 too* and three screws made 17 25
w?t°h under full power natural draught
with 11 400 horsepower, and 18 knots under
forced draught. withju.DOO horsepower.
♦J h » rr m e u\ coallnK trlalß at Be a between
the , British battle ships Magnificent and
Majestic resulted in the former far out-
X *M n fn l he / aUer ' Tlle Magnificent took
in fcSO tons in eeven and a half hours
against nine hoursjby_the MaJeßtlc. "'""■ 1
Armor plate manufacture In Europe Is
evidently a paying business. The John
; Brown & Bon Company at Shell Yeld ha.
Just made Its thirty-fourth annual report
showing a profit of 1M5.M4 89 for the dS
year, which gives a dividend of 6 2-3 Per
cent and transfers $148,004 89 to theienerS
The 7D tons shear-legs at Kevhnm r>«
■ill
nuXVoTr ft?K ire &re to b * mad * on a
wndJd »t tO i al Of »15.000.1b to be ex-
S d nVs Be fs hathani alone ln re P alrs •»
thT i!t FT ? eBla d> Holland ami Zeeland are
are" 39^ Li™ I***,1 ***, built for Holland. They
17 ri?» ? \ displacement and draw only
but thVil heS " Their sseeds P eed «■ » *»"»•
rln ?r? r ? mmonts are rather light as
navies th similar cruisers of other
two - 9 iSf main batter >- is composed of
f^rsi n°h qultk - flrers - six 4.7 inch and
t^ ! l nch * UnSt and the secondary bat
r-h?n» em eight 1.4 Inch and four ma
?n ?n ,f« U v 8v 8 - The «n«f»nw have worked up
to io.«e horsepower, or 1166 in excess of
♦«r COn , tra f t - The B team generating is by
t,T-K y !n(!rloal! n(!rloal >»»«■ and c h * water
tuba boilers and the coal consumption was
as low as 1727 pounds per horsepower per
hour. The average cost of the three ships
was $1,42*.500, or at the rate of about $386
per ton displacement, which is almost aa
high as the cost of the cruisers built for
the United States navy eight years ago.
An official return has been made to the
French Chamber by the Minister of Ma
rine, showing the additions made to the
most prominent navies during tha five
years ending December 31. 1897. Tha
grand total of Great Britain, France.
Russia, Germany, Italy, United States
and Japan is 575,635, estimated to have
cost $115,000,000. Of this tonnage Great
Britain has acquired 275.405 tons in 10 bat
tle ships, 20 protected cruisers and 50 tor
pedo boat destroyers, a total of 80 vessels.
France built 4 battle ships, 3 armored
cruisers 12 protected cruisers, 1 torpedo
transport and 3 torpedo boat destroyers,
making a total of 23 vessels of 104.590 tons
Russia built 3 battle ships 1 armored
cruiser, 3 gunboats, 1 yacht 1 torpedo
boat destroyer and 4 torpedo boats, a to
tal of 14 vessels of 61.052 tons. Germany
added six ships of 18.000 tons, consisting of
3 battle ships, 2 protected cruisers and 1
cruiser Italy had seven ships of 21,820
tons most of which were sold to fore gn
countries. The United States completed
cruiser of a total tonnage of 27,4dQ.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS,
BONDS-J. B. L., City. During the past
ten years preceding the first of January
I^4 IBOOOO.OOO; February, 1595. bonds for
the purchase bf from the s^dicate
$62,315,400; February- 1896. WWffi^SfzS
bonds were issued during the Cleveland
administration.
THE SECOND STREET CUT— S.. .
S.. City. The lowering of the grade or
Second street, known as "the Seeona
£** Mayor in 1863
and in ISS9. ____
SUBLETTING-^- McM.. City. A ten
ant Is not responsible for the butanes, re-
Sons of a sub-tenant. For Instance a
house is rented to B. That tenant^uWeu
a part of the house to C who starts a
boarding house, takes in boarders and^ re
receives pay in advance. B in no way^tak
ing any part in the business Should O
in the middle of the month depart, ana
B take up the business keeping of hoard
fr= and the boarders of C continue with
B the latter would not be responsible for
& sxr^SiSS^^ as
interested in the management of that
business. ■
INJUNCTION AND CONTEMPT-F.
II City. In the case of the Fanners
Loan Society vs. the North Pacific Rail
road Company, reported in the Federal
Reports April, 1394, it is held that a court
of equity having charge of a railroad
through its receivers has the power, by
injunction, to restrain the formation ana
execution of any plan of the employes
to quit the same in a body with a design,
to cripple the same or embarrass the
operation of the road. Such are liable to
punishment for contempt for disobedience
| of the injunction. Shortly after the gTeat
] railroad strike some men were cited for
contempt for disobeying an injunction and
ordered to prison.
RANK AND INSIGNIA— MyrtIe Street,
I Oakland, Cal. The following is the rela
tive rank of officers in the United States
I army and navy:
General, Admiral,
Lieutenant General, Vice Admiral,
Major General. Rear Admiral. "
Brigadier General, Commodore,
Colonel. Captain,
! Lieutenant Colonel, Commander,
i Major, Lieut. 'Commander,
i Captain, -J. ' Lieutenant.
: First Lieutenant, Lieut. Jr. Grade,
Second Lieutenant, Ensign.
" The insignia of rank in the army is:
' General, Bhield between two stars; lieu
i tenant general, one large and two small
stars; major general, two stars; brigadier
general, one star: colonel, eagle; lieuten
ant colonel, two silver leaves: major, two
'•■ sold leaves; captain, two bars at each
i end of strap; first lieutenant, one bar at
: each end, second lieutenant, plain strap.
The insignia of rank in the navy is:
i Admiral, two stars between an anchor at
j each end of strap; vice admiral, anchor
i between two stars, and a third star on
I the anchor; rear admiral, anchor between
two stars; commodore, star between two
: anchors; captain, eagle between two an-
I chors; commander, anchor between tWo
! silver leaves; lieutenant commander, an
i chor between two gold leaves; lieutenant,
anchor with two bars at each end of
strap; lieutenant junior grade, anchor
i with one bar at each end of strap; en
sign, anchor.
LETTERS FOR SOLDIERS AND
SAILORS— W. D. S., Boise City. Idaho.
Letters intended for soldiers or sailors
should be addressed to name, rank, com
pany, letter .of same, regiment. State
from which it came and last known place
where located. If a sailor, to the ship
and fleet to which it belongs, together
with locality of last known place where
the fleet was. The PostofHce Department
will forward the same by the most direct
route at domestic rate of postage. The
following is a sample of superscriptions:
John Jones,
Private Co. X,
Twenty-third Idaho Infantry, Unite*
States Volunteers,
Manila.
Philippine Islands.
Peter Brown,
Seaman, *
United States Flagship New York.
Santiago de Cuba,
Cuba.
"With Sampson's Fleet.
If the individual has a rank either in
the army or navy, be he a commissioned
or non-commissioned or petty officer, that
rank should, in the army." precede the
organization in which he is: in the navy
; It should follow the name of the individ
! ual, if a petty officer, and precede the
j name if a commissioned officer, as, for
instance, "Commander Paul Jones," and
"William Smith, yeoman."
Cal. glace fruit We per 1b at Townsend's.*
■m » '
Headquarters for Waterman's Fountain
Pens and Koh-i-noor Pencils at Sanborn
i Vails. •
■ • ■
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
I gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Bates Are Cut
To Bed rock. Call at ■ new ticket office
of th» Santa Fe -route at CS Market St. Very
low rates to all Eastern cities. will pay
you .to Investigate.
'"Hullo. Dobson 4 you're looking better
than I've seen you look for a year."
"Yes, 1 feel better. My wife has sent
all our canned fruit to the front." — Cleve
land riain Dealer.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by million* of
mothers for their children while Teething wtth
perfect success* It socthes the child, (often*
the rums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and Is the beat remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in ev-ry
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
TO PORTLAND, OREGON, 48 hours. First
cabin, *12: second-class. $8, including xneali
an<l berths. Steamship Columbia. 2000 ton*.
July 10, IS, 16, August S. Steamship State of
California, 1500 tons, July i 4,i 4 , •«, 30, August 7.
Sail from Folsom-street pier No. 11. 10 a. m.
No better or more modern steamships on Pa
cific coast. A cool and delightful summer
trip; exhilarating sea air. The public Is wel
come and invited to visit these shirs while in
port. Office 630 Market street.
COKOXADO— Atmosphere Is perfectly dry.
■Oft And mild, being entirely free • from th»
mists common further north. Round-trip tick
ets, by pt.»ajr.*h!p. including flfte«n .lays' board
at the . Hotel .. del Coronado, $$0; longer stay,
*2 60 per day. Apply 4 New Montffomery ■*••
8. F.. HE. S. BABCOCK. Managtsr Hot«l <!•»
Coronado, Coronado, CatCAMP MERRITT WILL BE
ABANDONED THIS WEEK
THE sanltar situation at Camp
Merritt with each passing day
Is becoming more alarming.
Yesterday five soldiers who had
fallen victims to this disease
breeding camp were consigned to
the gTa The rec rd of deaths and
sickness is startling, and promises to
proportionately equal the fatalities of
the Cuban battlefields. In addition to
the illness caused by the unhealthy
condition of the camp, it is claimed
that a great deal of the sickness has
been the result of inexperience on the
part of the volunteer surgeons and reg
imental commanders in looking after
their men, and furthermore many of
the soldiers are at fault for the little
care that they take of themselves.
It is a noticeable fact that the per
centage of sickness among the regu
lars has been very much less than
among the volunteers. The latter care
lessly expose themselves to the winds
and fogs, and in some instances keep
late hours and dissipate to excess. An
order was recently issued In regard to
the time that the men are to be in
camp, but it is claimed that the regi
mental commanders have not strictly
enforced it. Another cause of sickness
is the filth of the camp, and a lack of
bathing facilities.
The authorities having the power to
move the troops to the Presidio are be
ing severely criticized for the delay In
this important matter, and nearly ev
erybody at Camp Merritt is asking
when the move is to be made.
Captain Thompson, the post quarter
master, yesterday said that he thought
the troops might be moved this week,
provided he can get the water pipes
. laid and the sinks dug at the Presidio.
This work must be done before the
troops can change their camp to the
Presidio grounds. To-day all the water
pipes that can be spared from Camp
rrltt will be taken up and hauled to
the Presidio.
General Miller stated yesterday that
the moviner of the troops-is about to be
gin, and that before the end of next
week Camp Merritt would be a thing
of the past.
The lines between the First and Sec
ond Brigades will be more distinctly
in evidence when the new camp is an
accomplished fact, as it Is planned to
locate them in different parts of the
Presidio reservation. The sites have al
ready been chosen.
It is given out that the troops to go
on the next transports— the St. Paul.
Pcanaia and Arizona— will not be
moved to the Presidio. Those to go on
the St. Paul will sail this week.
The division and post hospitals were
filled to their capacity yesterday, while
many of the Rick soldiers are in the
French and Marine hospitals. Pneumo- '
nia, typhoid fever, spinal meningitis,
dysentery and measles are the most
prevalent diseases.
Two cases of varloloid were discov
ered yesterday in the Seventh Califor
nia. These men will be completely Iso
lated.
CAMP MERRITT.
Sickness, Deaths, Burials Con
tinue to Increase— Two Cases
of Varioloid.
The Tenne-sspr-ans lost another man yes
terday. Joppeh Baker, who died at the
Marine Hospital from pneumonia. D. C.
Tucker. Company L, Fifty-first lowa,
died from the same disease and will be
buried to-day at the Presidio. The lowans
now have eightf-en men in the regimental
hospital. Ninety answered yesterday
morning to sick call.
Companies G. H. I. X, B, D and L of the.
First Tennessee will spend this morning
at the rifle pits. The regiment is turnine
out some excellent markpincn.
Pprinpfleld rifles will he is?u«d to-day to
the Oregon recruits. The balance of their
equipment will be issued by the last of the
week.
Fred Boepler of Company E. TwontMh
Kansas, Is in th*- rocimf-ntal hospital Buf
fering severely from a badly broken arm
On Saturday evening while he was boxlne
v.ith a comrade of his company his right
arm came in violent contact with his op
ponent's head, with the result that It was
broken at the elbow. The Kansas sick
list has been cut in half since the camp
FAST FOUR-OARS
RACE AT EL CAMPO
SOUTH ENDS FOUL PIONEEHS
IN THE FIRST EVENT.
Alamedas Win in the Senior Class,
and Ariel Juniors Easily De
feat Dolphins — The Time.
The barge races originally sot for July
17 at El Campo were rowed yesterday.
About midday a breeze sprang up. which
freshened considerably during- the after
noon, but, though the water would have
been pretty rough for skiff races, it did
not- seriously interfere with barge-rowing.
Boon after the arrival of the 12:10 p. m.
boat from San Francisco the senior barge
race was started. There were three en
tries—South Ends, Alamedas and Pion
eers, with choice of station in the order
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33 and 38.
222-224 SUTTER STREET.
SPECIAL
Monday— Tuesday —Wednesday
COFFEE, "Oriental" blend, roast-
ed or ground, regularly 35c ID
„ • .1b 30c
OLD FAMILY' LAUNDRY SOAP,
full weight, one pound bars,
Txr /, c f- l , l!arly 8 bars 25c. .8 bars 25c
WALNUTS, fine Californian, reg-
„ "l2 r i y v L 2L 2 # c pound.. 8 rbs for 25c
MALT EXTRACT. "WyethV an
excellent tonic, regularly $2 75
T,,r,^°n tles P er dozen #2.40
lULLETTES.,pate of chicken and
ham plain and truffled, a great
luncheon delicacy, regularly
from 20c to 40c Jar
' Now lfJc to 3?»r» lar
SWEET SAUTERNE. a tooth-
some, generous wine of de-
lightful bouquet, regularly $5
dozen quarts.. quarts $4.00
FRESH CIGARS—
■ Just received shipment
.CALLE DE ORO PURITANOS
Three for 25c; 14.00 box of 50
CONVINCING MERIT.
l iw r^ii' r . derß CarefU " y piM:ked and .hipped
BEST STEEL TOWBOAT ON THE WATER.
UNION IRON WORKS Ordered to Build a Sister to the Active, Which Was Sold to
the Government to Be Used as a Gunboat lor the Protection ol San
Francisco Harbor.
THE J. D. Spreckels & Brothers Company have placed an order with the Union Iron Works for the
building of a steel towboat, a sister to the Active, which the firm recently sold to the Government for
conversion into a gunboat.
As the Active was a representative of the strongest, speediest and most easily managed for her size of
any of the products of the boat-builder's art, the new towboat will be her counterpart, and will be christened
the Fearless, for she will fear nothing in the tug line that rides the waters.
The Fearless will be the exact counterpart of the Active, and will be employed in the towboat service
of the J. D. Spreckels & Brothers Company to take the place of the Active. No better model can be found
for the purpose than that of which the Active Is a representative, hence the new boat will be built on the
same lines.
The length of the Fearless will be 100 feet; breadth, 22.5 feet; Indicated horsepower, 600.
was moved to the lot It now occupies.
Lieutenant Scott Twentieth Kansas,
who was placed under arrest on Saturday
on a charge of insubordination, was re
leased from custody yesterday upon mak
ing: apologies for his conduct and prom
ises of g-ood behavior.
Sergeant Rollins of the Seventh Cali
fornia, whose sad death was announced
in yesterday's Call, was uuried yester
day in the "Presidio plot. The regiment
attended the funeral in a body. The
floral pieces with which they decorated
his grave were many and beautiful. Rol
lins' father, who arrived at camp soon
after hl3 son's death, was unable to re
main for the funeral, as he was called
back to San Bernardino by the sudden
and serious illness of his wife.
The boys of the Tennessee regiment are
sincerely grateful for the good, consist
ent Christian work that has b<*r:i done
among them by Mrs. A. S. Townsend
during the past week. Mrs. Townsend
placed $IDO worth of tickets to the Sutro
baths at the disposal of the regiment,
and besides has seen to it that every
company, on one day or another, has
been provided with a substantial lunch
of things that only a bacon-fed soldier
knows how to properly appreciate. The
Red Cross Society also is coming in for
its share of praise from the appreciative
Southerners.
It has been discovered that the St. Paul
will carry but 814 men, and it has been
decided by the authorities to leave some
of the Minnesota recruits to follow on
either the Scandia or the Arizona, to sail
one week later.
Lieutenant Mcßrown of the Eighteenth
named. South Ends took the outside Sta
tion, Pioneers the center and AJamedas
the inside. The start was made at 1:30 p.
m. Alameda got the best of it, and, row- j
Ing a stroke of about 37, took the lead,
followed by the Pioneers and South i
At the turn the Alameda lead had been j
cut down until there was little to choose ;
between them and the Pioneers, but un- ;
fortunately the South End cockswain
steered his boat for the Pioneer stake,
thus preventing the Koneers from round
ing; a foul ensued, and, after the Pion- j
eers and South Ends had got clear of each ;
other, the Alam>d;is bad obtained a de
cided l^ad. The Alnmed^f were :.
!;• aded, and crossed the finishing-line easy j
winners. South Ends being second and
Pioneers third. Time, 11:2 4-5. The Ala-!
Mr-da stroke rowed strongly throughout
1 the race, and, though the crew Is not a '
pretty one and the men have a bad habit
of looking out of the boat, they are well
together and keep good time. The crews
were as follows:
AlamMa Boat Club— E. B. Hadcock, bow; W.
G. Hansen. No. 2; AtwHl Webb, No, 3; F. ;
Ayen<. stn.ko: E. Hansen. c<-<-kpwain.
South End Rowing Club— James Pallas, bow: '
Miitt Breen. No. 2; George Hates No. S; Ed
Bcully, stroke; (io< : rn- Mcanil, cockswain.
Plnr.oer Rowing Club— W. St. John, bow; F.
O Nelll, No. 2; <;. I>arK>n, No. 3; F. Orr, stroke; :
R. J. Espy Jr., cockswain.
The South Ends having interfered with
the Pioneers and Bpoiled the latter's
chance of winning, there was some talk
of rowing the race again, but this was
not done, the Pioneers not lodging any '
protest. The South Buds were therefore
disqualified for not rounding their own
stake, and Interfering with the Pioneers, j
and second place wenl to the Pioneers.
For the Junior barge race there were
two entries, the Dolphins and Artels. The !
latter had choice of station, and took the
Inside. The Dolphins jumped away wiih
the lead, und twenty lengths fr«»'m the I
start were clear of the Ariel boat, but the i
pact- was too great to last, and they grad
ually came back until at tlv turn they
were level with the Ariels. After the turn '
the Ariris, who plugged away in a deter
mined manner, obtained a good load, took
the Dolphins' water and came in
winners by right or ten lengths. Time !
12:15 2-5. The crews were as follows;
Ariel Rowing Club Junior barg» crew— H Wll- ■
son, bow; Oorge Steffern. No. 2; K. Mckenna I
No. I; James Wilson, Btroke; Roy West, cock- !
pwn'.n.
I.'r-lphln Boating riub Junior barge crew— C.
M Farrfll. bow; F. Wnerner, No. 2; T J
Hopkins, No. 3; E. Bartman, stroke; Eddie
Bartman, cockswain.
The regatta was in charge of the re
gatta committee of the Pacific Athletic
'ation, and the following were the
officials of the day:
Referee, Al Fritz; starter, P. J. Enrlght:
marnlml, M. Calnun; assistant marshal, -M. II
Brown; Urotkeepera, .J. Ke«>n«n. a. Qraenloaf
and J"hr. Bllioit; Judges, J. D. Batteaux and
A Taylor of the Arl"ls. J. Fnley and A. M--
G^orce of the South Ends, C. Smith and George
Hunter of the Al&medaa, I>. Leahy and E.
Shea of the Pioneers and A. Bchuppert and J.
Laib of the Dolphins.
THE ALLIANCE REUNION.
A Pleasant Day of Games and Danc
ing at Shell Mound.
The third annual picnic and reunion of
St Patrick's Alliance of America was
held yesterday at the Shell Mound Park.
The alliances represented were 11, 12, 14
and 15 The attendance was talr and all
THE SAN FRAXCTSCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 25, 1898.
i Infantry has been ordered to report to
tho chief quartermaster and assist in
laying out the new camp grounds at the
Presidio reservation.
General Miller will probably move his
headquarters to-day from Camp Merritt
to the Presidio.
THE EIGHTH CALIFORNIA.
Regimental Drills Under Col-
onel Park Henshaw Will
Commence This
Week.
CAMP BARRETT, Sather Station, July
24.— The rumor that the Eighth Regiment
was to march around the bay to San
Francisco via San Jose Is denied by the
officials to-night. The only way to ac
count for any such absurd statement is
the fact that Colonel Henshaw and Lieu
tenant Colonel Carrlngton have been
looking about for a suitable tract of land
where the regiment may be taken out for
a drill in one body.
The concert this afternoon by the Regi
mental band was enjoyed by several
thousand visitors. Principal Musician
Gamez has brought his band to a rare
state of excellence In the two weeks
which he has Rad them In training.
Among the visitors were Mrs. Elliott,
wife of Captain William Elliott of Com
had a good time. Indeed, It would have
strange if any one was not patis
fied, for one of the features of the occa
sion was that nearly everybody received
a present of some kind. Over three
dozen gate prizes were distributed to
those holding winning tickets, and these
Kilts consisted uf all sorts of things from
a J2O gold piece to a ham.
A large number of prizes were given to
those who by feats of strength and speed
outstripped their competitors, as well as
for grace, for there was jig and reel
dancing. Some of the winners were the
following:
Fat men's race— J. Hamm, M. Bakulich.
Members' race— H. Caveziey, P. A. Desmond.
Three-legged race — < 'tis Daroey and Charles
Christie, -M. Crna ana \V. Kenny.
Married ladies 1 race— Mrs. McGinniss. Mrs.
Cronin.
Married men's race— William Mitchell, Frank
Members' wives' race— Mrs. Sharkey, Mrs.
Devlne.
Fat ladles' race— Mrs. O'Keeffe, Mrs. Hotte.
young ladles' race — Maggie Quinn, Nettie
Hurley.
Professional race, twice around— Charlea
Grant. Frank Sullivan.
young men's race— Jo« Sullivan, Richard
Rare for boys under 12— John Kenny, Frank
Race for girls under 12— Magrgto Mooney,
Julia Molloy.
Race for boys under 16— Michael McDonald,
>*age.
Race for girls under 16— Annie Larsen, Mag
inors.
Running hop, step and Jump— Charles Grant,
Frank Sullivan.
Putting shot— Ed Nunan, M. Bakulich.
The first gate prize of $20 was won by
Miss Henley. Dennis Lenahan was the :
fiddler for the dancing. The affair was :
und< r the management of the following
committees:
Arranßpments— John B. Cosgrave (chair
man). Jehu Ganey (secretary), William F.
Coleman ureaHurer). J. 11. Murphy, H. J.
Reception— Charles L. Sheahan (chairman),
■Tamea J. Dunn, James Brack, A. Meehan,
Jam^s Devine, David Grace, P. W. Cassldy.
-\S'il liani J. Fitzserald (chairman),
James J. Rucks, James Bohen. William J.
- M. Kavanaugh, Thomas McKeon, R.
Foley.
Floor director. William P. Collins.
Boor director, O. B. Rellly.
Floor committee— John Burns, P. H. Pierce,
.!. Wren. John J. O'Brien.
Jmlr.ep on reel and Jig dancing— Profewor
O'Connor and Profepsor Kelleher.
AMERICAN MANHOOD.
Patriotic Remarks on That Subject
by Rev. Chapman of Oakland.
Rev, K. S. Chapman, D.D., of Oakland
delivered a patriotic address at the Y. M.
Auditorium yesterday afternoon, In
which he paid a glowing tribute to
American manhood and the policy pur
by this Government in waging war
! not for conquest but for the uplifting of
humanity.
In the course of his remarks he said:
i "God has somehow put into the American
1 people the choicest blood of the nations—
the thin -blood, the thick blood, the red !
bloo<l— and it has given us a nation of the
! mightiest men that ever lived. We are a
i nation of mighty men; men not only from :
j hiFt.irion! families but horn In poverty as
! well. Every American boy can say as he !
looks up to the Presidential chair 'that's
I mine, if I can earn it.'
"Dewey's and Schley'a victories are
illustrative of the manhood of this na
! pany D, San Rafael; Mrs. S. M. N.
! Sproul, Miss Alice Sproul anrl Mrs. E. \V.
i Furlong of Chico; ex-Councllmen Harri
son White and Ellis Morrow of Santa
Rosa; B. D. Murphy of Ran Jose; ex-
Captain Thomas McClay and C. West of
Petal uma.
The first regimental service conducted
i by Chaplain Oliver C. Miller was held
j from 9 to 10 o'clock in the open air in
the regimental street. A number of the
Christian men assisted by leading the
singing, which was followed by a short
address from the chaplain.
The members of the Redding company
have been greatly delighted by the re
ceipt, by their captain, of the following
letter:
REDDING, Cal., July JS, 189 S.
Captain I^yons, Company H, Elßhth Regi
ment, Camp Barrett, Frultvale — Dear Sir: In
closed please find check for one hundred and
eight and 25-100 (SIOB 25) dollars, for which
please acknowledge. Yours truly,
O. E. NASH,
H. CHRIESCHMIDT.
J. WHITE,
Committee,
P. S.— To be used for benefit of Company H,
Eighth Regiment, as the boys see fit.
The San Francisco Red Cross Society
gave Captain Lyon of Company H an
order for eighteen pairs of shoes for his
men.
Nearly every company sent details into
| Oakland to attend divine services at the
i various churches this evening. Captain
Lyon and twenty men of Company H,
Redding, were at the Tenth Avenue Bap
tist, where the pastor. Rev. C. M. Hill.
spoke of the "Religious Side of the War."
tion: and my honest conviction Is that the
grandest statesman, the noblest of pur
pose and best equipoised in character on
« arih to-day Is the President of the
United States." He paid a tribute to
woman by saying that every good woman
is a queen.
During: the afternoon an offering for the
Army and Navy Christian Commission
work was In order and liberally respond
ed to. The exerrisos closed with "The
Star-spangled Banner," sung by Miss
Ellen M. Marks, the audience Joining In
They Object to Double Tracks.
A mass meeting of representative citl
zrns and propertj- owners of the Mission
district will be held to-morrow evening
for the purpose of organizing to pro
test against the construction of a
double track by the Southern Pacific)
Company from Third and Townsend
streets to the county line. A petition will
ADVERTISEMENTS.
+g+s+a+a+D+B+a+3+B+B+a +b+b+b+b+b+b+b+qh-b+b+
MSANDFN'S SIICCFSS!
t Jill 111 I^ll U uUvvL/kAJ*
Nothing That Has Merit Can Be Kept Down.
Some Wonderful Cures.
The day hao come when merit only
j^^j^is. can win. If a man claims that he can
&j^^ ~ X&iMk cure a weakness or a pain, which has
Mf existed for years he must back his
fel^!l y^^ wPsl claim with proof. This is the reason for
i >(^f Jw^iflf Dr. Sanden's great success. He has
S S*^ Shwr 9 shown 10,000 testimonials of cares dur-
Suv*^^ JP^^^^hk Ins the past ; thre* years. The' people
i " £^%*vss ! £jt' /^^S^^^ 3 art olose a * nome and can be seen to
Wfif 1 P rove thelr assertions. Dr. Banden's
■' !iPlr^B WrJwM Electric Belt is the most popular cura-
I {^^^W^WkV^B^ tlv * remedy known to-day. It cures,
•lil^f I tWjJF and therefore people prefer it to drugs
| Haw/-/ tfMff -■' ' - or the cheap, trashy belts boM in drug
stores. His book,
"Three Classes of Men, 11
Devoted to the weaknesses of men, tells the cause of early decay tn
young and middle-aged men. He shows how electricity, properly ap-
plied, will restore this power, and gives the proof. It is free upon ap-
plication. A personal call preferred.
DR. A. T. SANDEN, hot in drug stores.
702 Market Street, Co.tier Ee»rny, Eu Fr*ncnoo. ■ _. ; . .-.•..: -
Office hours. 8 A. M. to 8 P. M. ; Sunday* ■ , Dp. "■ Sand ™'', Elactrio Belt
. 10 to 1. Branches at Los AnreleH. Cal., Jo4s4 '■ never sold In Ans * atorea
Bouth Broadway: Portland, Or.. 253 Washing- , nor ** traveling a««nt«; only
ten str«et; Denver, Col.. 931 Slxt««nth str««t: ftt our offlo«. - ~
Dallas. Tex.. 2K Main atrtet. *' — -— ■ »
! Company B, San Jose, Bent about thlrty
| five men under Sergeant Byram to the
1 Brooklyn Preshyterian. All of the East
| Oakland churches had delegations rang
ing from ten to thirty, while several
down-town churches had soldiers in tho
congregations.
TROOPS AT THE PRESIDIO.
Another Death in the Division
Hospital — Engineer Corps
Wants to Go to Hawaii.
Private Joseph Baker, Company B, ■
First Tennessee Regiment, who was
brought to the division hospital on Satur
day afternoon suffering with acute
dysentery, died there the same night.
The remains of Private Lewis, Com
pany H, Sixth California Regiment, who
died at the post hospital on Saturday of
pneumonia, were removed yesterday to |
Merced by his parents.
Major Owen said yesterday that the
division hospital was full, but that to-day
he would discharge a number of men as
cured, and that he would secure a num- i
ber of cots to-day so that ha would have
plenty of room.
The Third Battalion of the First Regi
ment of Washington Volunteers is ex
pected here this week. With its arrival
the regiment will be nearly together, as
the Second Battalion is doing duty in the
State.
The Utah troop of cavalry will leave
the Presidio on the sth of August. Cap
tain Came will be in command of that
portion that goes to the Yosemite Valley,
and the first lieutenant will command the
detail for Sequoia Park.
The Corps of Engineers under Major
Langfitt are ready and anxious to go to
Honolulu, and It is very probable that
the command will be sent there. The
men need a few more shoes and pants j
and a few tools, and they will be in shape |
for any kind of duty. Their services will |
certainly be required at Honolulu if the
Government Intends to build any bar
racks there.
Captain and Assistant Surgeon Edie,
Fourteenth United States Infantry, who
has just returned from Alaska, is upon
waiting- orders. If he is not sent to Porto
Rico he will probably be placed in com
mand of the expeditionary hospital forces
now here.
Yesterday was an exceedingly quiet day
in the camp of the First New York. All
drills were suspended and the men were
flven their liberty. Lieutenant Colonel
tacpole was absent and Major Chase
was in command. There was the usually
large crowd of visitors who wandered
around the camp. The Army and Navy
Christian Commission has erected a very
large tent just outside of the camp for
the convenience of the men, so that they
can have a place to read and write.
GUESTS OF THE RED CROSS
There Is no day of rest for the ladies
of the Red Cross. Visiting hospitals,
comforting the sick and supplying the
many wants of the boys in blue in these
busy war times gives them very little
time for recreation. Yesterday 1500 sol
diers, representing Camp Merritt and
Presidio, visited the ferry hospitality
rooms of the society and were refreshed
with delicious coffee, sandwiches and
fruit. Many occupied the long 1 tables
penning letters to loved ones at home,
and many read of their comrades already
in the field. Letters left with the ladies
were properly stamped and sent on to
their destination.
The committee has prepared cheer for
the 450 Washington volunteers who are
expected in to-day. Mrs. I. Lowenberg,
chairman of the hospitality committee,
asks that generous hearted people send
broad, butter, coffee and sugar to the
ferry, as many hundred soldiers visit the
rooms daily and are the guests of the
society.
Christian Commission Work.
The Christian Commission tent in the
First New York Regiment camp at the
Presidio was crowded yesterday, the first
service being held at 11 o'clock by the
chaplain. Every facility for letter-writ
ing and other conveniences as a head
quarters for men have been provided.
The two batteries at Fort Point have
also been provided with a tent, which is
highly appreciated by the men. Services
will be held there at least three evenings
a week, and the Mothers' Sewing Club
will endeavor to reach the tent once or
twice a week to sew for the boys.
The Crlttenton meetings to open at
Camp Merritt this evening promise to
be largely attended, as Mr. Crlttenton
Is a very popular speaker and the boys
have been expecting his coming.
The executive committee of the com
mission will meet this afternoon at 2:30
o'clock at the Occidental Hotel, when
steps will be taken looking toward the
organization of the commission In the
various cities of the State,
be framed and forwarded to the Super
visors voicine the sentiment of the peo
ple and requesting that the franchise be
denied. The meeting will be held at Man
gel's Hall on the corner of Twenty-fourth
and Folsom streets and will be under the
auspices of the Mission and Potrero Im
provement Club..
■ » ■
Rev. Mr. Waterman of Chicago.
Rev. W. A. Waterman, D.D., of Chicago
ia here on a visit as the guest of J. w.
Keyston. 826 Capp street. Next Sunday
evening he will occupy the pulpit at the
Third Congregational Church. Fifteenth
street, near Mission. His subject will be
"The Hand of God in the Military His
tory of Our Country."
Lurline Salt Water Baths,
Bush and Larkln sts. ; swimming, Russian, hot
and cold tub baths; Bait water direct from
ocean.
.' ; ■ ;...V.'.. ADVERTISEMENTS.
lillll 1111111111111111 l ■Illlill MillllHi llHlBMllllllllllliilHllMMllMllliMllli I^MH— H
CITY OF ||lj|t PARIS
DRY GOODS COMPANY
WILL OFFER ON MONDAY, JULY 25th,
FOR ONE WEEK, i
BLACK DRESS GOODS
FINAL REDUCTIONS.
20 PIECES 44-INCH FANCY ETAMINES,
Formerly $1.25, "TPZf** V l\ *? /I
Reduced to /3 # MmXLJm
27 PIECES 46-INCH NOVELTY ETAMINES AND GRENADINES,
Formerly $1.75, &1.00 YARD.
Reduced to 3&£m\J\J ¥ AAFvLJm
18 PIECES NOVELTY VENETIAN CLOTH AND CREPONS,
Formerly $2 and $2.25. / YARD.
Reduced to 4>lfQU JA fX LJ .
400 YARDS 48-INCH NOVELTY GRENADINES, r ;
Formerly 53. 50, £§»5 f\lT% VyiDn
Reduced to 3&<£, ,\J<J IA i\ LJ . \
SEE DISPLAY lIS SHOW WINDOW.
Country Orders Carefully and Promptly Filled. 3
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
Southeast Corner Geary and Stockton Streets.
UNION SQUARE.
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE. I
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor and Manager
THIS WEEK ONLY.
Last Nights of the Comic Opera Season.
Regal Revival of Milloecker's Superb Work
"THE BEGGAR STUDENT!"
GREAT CAST.
NEW SCENERY.
CORRECT COSTUMES.
NEXT MONDAY, AUGUST IST.,
OPENING GRAND OPERA SEASON.
Repertoire First Week
"AIDA." "LUCIA DI LAMMERMOOR."
SPECIAL SATURDAY MATINEE.
Popular prices 25 and 60 cents
TELEPHONE BUSH 9.
TIVOLI^EXTRA.
On Monday, August I,
Opening of
GRAND
OPERA
SEASON
THE COMPANY WILL CONSIST OF THE
FOLLOWING ARTISTS:
MARIE BRANDIS,
Prlma Donna Soprano, Damrosch Opera
Co., New York. t*
ANNA LICHTER,
Prima Donna Soprano, Carl Rosa Opera
Co., London.
MARY LINCK,
Prima Donna Contralto, Carl Rosa Opera
Co., London.
EDGARDO ZERNI.
Primo Tenor, La Scala, Milan.
11HYS THOMAS.
Tenor Carl Rosa Opera Co., London.
MAURICE DE VRIES,
Baritone, Abbey & Grau Co., New York. .
WILLIAM. PRUETTE.
• Baritone Emma Abbott Opera Co.
SIG. G. WANRELL,
Basso, Royal Italian Opera, Milan. '
WILLIAM SCHUSTER.
Basso Carl Rosa Opera Co.. London.
THIS WILL BE THE MOST EXPENSIVE
OPERATIC COMPANY EVER BROUGHT
TO SAN FRANCISCO.
The usual popular prices will prevail, 25 and
BO cents, never changing-.
Durins: the season MATINEES will be given
' EVERY SATURDAY at which you can get a
i RESERVED SEAT FOR 25 CENTS.
Seats will be on sale on and after MONDAY,
July 25.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
Beginning To-night This Week Only
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY,
Presenting for the First Time Here
THE LATEST WAR DRAMA
A GALLANT SURRENDER.
Especially Written for Them by
Edward E. Kldder.
A Great Production — Augmented Cast.
Next Monday, the Comedy, "His Absent Boy."
ALCAZARJHEATER
RESERVED SEATS .15c. 25c, 35c. 50c.
TO-NIGHT AND ENTIRE WEEK.
LEU/IS MORRISON
AND FLORENCE ROBERTS.
Magnificent Revival,
"EAST LYNNE,"
Only Matinee Saturday. -
Next Week — "RICHELIEU 11 and "CA-
MILLE."
CHUTES FKJSr> ZOO!
Every afternoon and evening-, tremendous suc-
cess of the
JAPANESE BALANCING ACROBATS!
In conjunction with a Great Vaudeville Bill!
Barney Reynolds. Cough and Chester, Tony
Ryan, the "Mad Musician," Marie Casaaaa's
Eduacted Cockatoos and Colby and Way in
the FREE THEATER next week.
NEW MOVING PICTURES and CANNON,
the 613-POUND SWISS.
SEE THE BABY SHETLAND PONY,
Smallest in the World.
10c, Including Zoo and Theater: children, sc.
Mr. Henry. I have been troubled a long time with what I suppose
they call dyspepsia. I call it indigestion. I have
had great pain in my chest for many years, and I
used to have difficulty in breathing at times, and
feel as if something had stuck in my throat, especially
nfter eating, and I always had to be careful what I
ite. I dared not eat pastry or hot rolls, and at times
I would get dizzy in my head. I tried Pepsin and
other patent medicines, and I did not find much
benefit until the man at the drug store where I deal
asked me to try Ripans Tabules. ! did, and I tell you
I felt more benefit from one box of Ripans Tabules
;than all the other stuff I had been taking. I had about
'three or four boxes, and I am cured. I don't have
; the pain in my cheat, my bowels are more regular,
and I can eat any kind of food that is put before me.
, jßipans Tabules have made a good enre for me, and
» a. tell you I tell all my friends to try them. L
AMUSEMENTS.
SiSGO^S GRANDS
MunuoUU o uKANU house
Walter Morosco, Sole Lessee and Manager.
Telephone, Main 532.
Evening Prices 25c and 800
Family Circle and Gallery 100
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
"OUR CALIFORNIA BOY,"
JAMES M. BROPHY
In a Superb Revival of
Till ORPHANS
PROF. GRAEBER'S Banjo, Mandolin and
Guitar Class (55 Members).
IN A CHOICE MUSICAL PROGRAMME.
Entire Depth of Great Stage Used.
CONSTELLATION OF FOREIGN AND
AMERICAN STARS.
3 SISTERS MEARTB, Equlpolse.Artlsts; JO-
SEPH HART and CARRIE DE MAR, "Dr.
Chauncey's Visit"; THE ANGELA SISTERS,
Musical Artists; W. H. WISDOM and BLACK-
STONE QUARTET; WILTON & STACK.
Triple Bar Wonders; VALMORE. "The Human
Brass Band": GILBERT & GOLDIE. Native
Comedians; LORENZ & ALLEN, Eccentric
Dancers.
Rfserved seats, 25c. Balcony, 10c. Opera
chairs an.l box seats, 50c.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Daily from 7 a. m. until 11 p. m.
ADMISSION lOc - - - - CHILDREN 5a
:iing, with admission. 25c; children. 20a.
ft! VrWPI A Corner of Mason and Eddy Streets.
UL I iflrlA GREATEST FREE BILL IN
AMERICA. Reid, barytone; Gibson & Allen.
Comedians; Flossie Nash, Soubrette: Ordway
& Rand; Quazina, Royce Sisters, Rockwell and
others. Admission Free. Matinee Sunday.
;_ , .
S w PALACE *•«■?
°GRAND hotels o
ij SAN FRANCISCO. if
Connected by a covered passageway.
° 1400 Rooms-000 With Bath Attached. *»
© All Under One Management. O
© NOTE THE PRICES: O
-. European Plan. .oo per day and upward _
! V American Plan. s3.oo per day and upward"
| ft v Correspondence Solicited. Q
q JOHN C. KIRSPATRIOK, Manager. Q
60000000000000000Q
DR.MGNULTY.
rr»Hrs well-known and reliable or.ti
JL Special Is! cure* Prlvat<\Nervous,!sioodaiid Skin
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restore*!. Over
"((years' experience. Send for Book, free, Patients
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours. 9 to 3
daily;6:.To tnB.3»*T'(B!i Sundays. 10 t0 32. Consulta-
tion free and sacredlyconfidentia . Cail or address
«». f"- etiVLTT. U. I>-
26^ KEARNY STREET, EAN FRANCISCO, CAIi
THE WEEKLY CALL 1
$1.50 per Year.
56
MR. DOCKERY'S MOVING HEART
He Thouoht It Had Jumped Over to the Right Side,
hut Four Doctors Sau It Has Always
Been There.
Fan Francisco Is the home of a young man whoso henrt la on the right
side. His name is William Dockery. aged 24 years. living at 2 Rose ave
nue. Just how his heart switched from left to right is a mystery to Mr.
Dockery, who knows that the right place for the heart Is on the left side,
and that if it Is on the right side It is In the wrong place.
He is under the impression that the transfer occurred about two weeks
ago while he was at work In the Market-street power house. He Is a
plumber and was engaged in cutting a four-inch pipe when suddenly he
felt a twitching pain In his chest and experienced a. sensation as if his
heart had moved to the right side. So Impressed was he that this strange
movement had actually happened that he paid a visit to three physicians
employed by the Market Street Railway Company to be examined, and
sure enough these medical men found Dockery's heart on the right side.
The doctors agreed that it had always been there, that it was in normal
condition and that he was In good health. To further satisfy himself
Dockery called In his family physician. Dr. Jerome A. Anderson, who cor
roborated the diagnosis given by the street railway medical corps.
"Dockery's heart, although on the right side, has the right position,
but reversed." said Dr. Anderson, "and I should not be surprised if his liver
was on the left Fide and his spleen on the right— the reverse of the usual
order. There la really nothing startling about a heart on the right side,
although such cases are rare. In my twenty-five years' practice this is
the first case that has come under my observation. It is simply a freak of
nature."
Mr. Dockery. having been assured by Dr. Anderson that his heart Is
all right, continues at his work, not caring whether that mobile organ re
mains on the right or switches back to the left, so long as It performs its
functions.
POLICE DEPEND
ON THEORIES
Moth ing Is Accomplished
in the Carpenter Case.
KRONER'S INQUEST TODAY
S"OT A JJIT OF TANGIBLE EVI
DENCE AGAINST LOCHNEB.
Che Suspect Will Take the Witness
Stand in His Own Behalf
and Defy the Detec
" , tives.
For eight flays tho Pollro TVpnrtmpnt
if this city lias boon making apparently
neffectlve efforts to pet a tangible clew
o the murderer of Sadie Carpenter, the
'k'tim of the Hubbard House mystery,
fa-day the result "f their work will be
irepcnted at the Coroner's inquest, and
inless they have evidence which is held
»ack no one can be accused of the mur
ler. The sleuths, including Chief Lees,
i-ho have charge of the case, hope that
he Coroner will be able to ascertain
.omethlng by rigid cross-examination of
he witnesses which -will bolster their
york and Justify them in charging
'oseph I-ochner with the crime.
While the Impression that I^ochner is
ruilty may be quite prencral, the police
lave not shown any material evidence to
•rove his guilt. Nothing has been given
tut by the department which will war
■ant the Coroner's jury In bringing in
mything more than the stereotyped ver
llct. "That the deceased came to her
lenth at the hands of a party or parties
inknown."
When Lochner was first arrested the.
jollre emphatically declared that he
:onld not possibly have had any hand in
he murder. Since the middle of the week
10 effort to find evidence against any
>ne but the man in the tanks has been
nadc. It is now Lochner or nobody.
Carpenter, the husband, has been entirely
Iropped.
Theoretically the police have a good
•ase against the suspect, but farts and
lot theories are necessary to convict a
nan of murder, and tho police are usually
;hort on facts, unless some outside sup
>ly Is furnished Rratuitously. In the
Carpenter caso the hoped for evidence
ras nut furnished by the newspapers, and
he police are consequently (\u\\f at sea.
Captain Seymour has secured a dozen
>r more statement* us to Lochner*a de
»raved character, but nothing therein
:onne<-ts him with the murder of Sadie
Carpenter. Lochner has also been re
>eate<lly '"sweated" and trapped into
• viral contradictions which may or may
lot have any bearing upon hi* ruse. It
p more than reasonable to suppose he is
ruilty, but Die burden of the proof is on
he prosecution.
The chief dependence? of the police is
houerht to be that Lochner, after all the
'illainous statements about him have
ieen read before the coroner's jury, will
nake such an unfavorable impression that
l moral certainty of his kuIH will exist
n the minds of the Jurors and he will be
iccnsed of the crime. The testimony of
,Izz!e Rlley and Night Clerk I'rleur Is
ilso expected to count apuinst the sus
>ect. These witnesses contradict him in
egard to the use of the word "choking"
i-hen all three were in the hallway wali
ng for tho clerk to open the door to the
oom where the woman was found. The
tolice assert that the di.-appenranco. of
he watch and money beionplnp to the de
eased outs no figure in the case. They
rpue thnt I-Kichner had ample time anil
•pportunity to dispose of these things
men the night clerk left him In the room
to go for an officer and ■when he subse
quently went to the Bellevue saJoon.
Lochner's conflicting statements about
llnding and untying the rag which was
around the woman's neck are expected to
bear heavily against him at the inquest.
In all her statements Lizzie Riley has
tohi of hearing a man with squeaky
shoes go along the hall and down the
street stairs soon after she was awakened
by the noise In room 10. At 1:20, about
the time of the murder, Dennis Llnihan,
who rooms on the third floor of the Hub
bard ] louse, ran hurriedly down the two
flights of stairs to the street. He had on
a pair of nev.- shoes and It is believed Liz
zie heard his footsteps and not those of
the murderer.
Lochner says he will take the witness
stand to-day and that he has no iear of
th.' letter received from Sergeant Gilllgan.
Sadie's soldier lover, who is at Chlcku
mauga. The communication contained no
information which has any bearing on
the case.
Mrs. Anderson, mother of the deceased,
came up from Monterey last evening to
attend the Inquest.
CYCLERS ENJOY A
TRIP TO SAN MATEO
Mejnbers of the Bay City Wheel
men Renew Their Acquaintance
With the Swimming
and Riding.
One of the most interesting rune of the
season was held yesterday by the Bay
City Wheelmen. The destination was San
Mateo and some thirty rideru attended
under Actleg Captain Bert Menne.
Tho weather conditions were favorable
and the roads in splendid order. The San
Bruno road skirting the bay shore has
been rebuilt rt-cently and now presents i
a smooth surface from the Six Mile bill I
to Sun Mateo.
The riders wont first to the beach near
''iiyote Point for a swim, and after dis
porting In the water for some time con
tinued on to San 1 Mateo for luncheon. All
were well pleased with their outing, such
a hardened old-timer as George P. Wet
more pronouncing the day one of the
most enjoyable lie had ever "spent awheel.
LOST HIS DIAMOND STUD .
Charles Rogers Charges J. Doherty,
a Teamster, With Stealing It.
John Doherty, a teamster, was arrested
:it an early hour yesterday morning by
Policemen O'Connor and Riordan and
Special Officer Doherty, and booked at
tho City Prison on a charge of grand lar
ceny.
The complaining witness against him is
Charles Rogers, 929 Howard street.
Rogers fell asleep on a chair In a saloon ]
(m Folsom and Sixth streets, and when
he awakened obout 2 o-clock yesterday j
morning he missed a. diamond stud worth
$70 from his shirt front. He notified I'o
1 iceman O'Connor and charged Doherty,
who was in the saloon when he fell
asleep, with ft^allnK the stud.
O'Connor and the other officers went to
Doherty's room In the Brunswick House i
and placed him under arrest. A diamond I
stud was found in hlB pocket which
Rogers claimed was the one stolen from
him.
Enjoyed Handball Playing.
1 here was a large crowd at Phil Ryan's
handball court, 858 Howard street, yes
terday afternoon. The game of handball
Is setting more popular every day in this
city, if the number of athletes. who resort
at the Howard-street court be any indi
cation of its popularity. The games lost
and won there yesterday are as follows:
™£"i Ha 0 . n and M Klrby defeated M. Basch
and A. Autp.n. Score: -it, 14-21, 21—
M. Milnniuli] and W. MHn'ion dafeated P
Rjan and J. Morris. Score: 21—10, 13—21 21—
"• :.' ','
f n l\ ab i O i-i r ' acab ° and Raymond Ajpiiorre de
.^■Vl6^ and D. O'Brien defeated M. im^cfi
and .1. Condon. Soore: 21— IS 19— 21— is
f.^J 1 iV' P l/^. an<llciip game, J. Collins '.V-
If-ie! ii "'2l *" d . E - Curley - 8coro:
( 1- ,M», M »f ulre ail< J *>• Reran defeated T. Foley
and J. Brown. .Score: 21— lft — 21, 21—19
P. Hutrhlnson and ,E. Ma!o "ey defeated H.
Murphy and M. Manning. Score: 21— 14, 16— 21.
_D. hodcers and W. Manion defeated M. Mc-
Donald and G. McDonald. Score: 21—16. 15-21.
T. F. Bonnet and J. White defeated J. Hhr
don and A. Hampton. Score: 21— 18, 17— 21,
— 18. . . . '. .
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 25, 1898.
THEY HISSED
THE UMPIRE
Enthusiastic Baseballers
Enjoy a Privilege.
THOUGHT CREAMERWASBLIND
SAN JOSE DEFEATED BY OAK
LAND.
Eleven Innings "Were Gamely Fought
and After an Exciting Con
test the Score Stood Two
to One.
BY JOE CORBETT.
The wildest, most unjust and most en
thusiastic audience that ever graced Reo
reation Park with Its presence turned otit
yesterday afternoon and saw the Oak
lands defeat the San Jo^es in an eleven
inning contest by the close score of i
to 1.
The frame, as one will readily see by
scrutinizing: the score, was reason enough
'•> cause pandemonium, but the ucore
does not give a correct version of every
thing that occurred incidental to the
game.
It was the most exciting affair that I
ever hud the good fortune of witnessing,
yet with all that the unjust biasing and
hooting of an umpire doing his best .to
give satisfaction and accomplishing that
difficult feat under tho most trying of cir
cumstances hud a most dismal effect.
In justice to Mr. ("reamer, I must say
that be umpired, considering the condi
tions under which he labored, an ex
cellent game. Nearly every one of his
decisions was provokingly close, but in
them all lie exhibited the utmost pre
cision and judgment, giving perfect de
cisions on plays thut 1 have very often
seen National League umpires mistake
in.
Hanlon, when he slid to third, was out
beyond a doubt. The play was certainly
close, but that fact makes no difference.
Hanlon was out, and it was very unjust
of the crowd to ridicule Mr. Creamer
after he had made such an excellent de
cision.
Lfrockhoff was also out at the same
base, and the crowd was at. tin up
roarious. ■
A baseman has a perfect right to block
a runner in the manner Lang did Hruck
hofl. The only bad feature about that
play was the manner Lang bandied
Brockhoff after he touched him. He had
no right to shove him over, but that In
cident occurred after he had put his man
out, and therefore had nothing to do with
the decision.
Mr. Creamer's decisions at first base
were also correct, but where he did err
was In calling Sullivan back to the plate
after he had ben hit with the bull. Mr.
Ewlng protested the game on that point,
but as his team finally won out the pro
test goes for naught.
A liatsmun Is not compelled to evada a
pitched ball. If he remain* stationary
and the ball hits him he is entitled to first
Sullivan did not move one way ur
the other when hit with that ball, "and
Creamer had no right to call him back.
If he had changed his position so as to
get hit the decision would then have been
Correct.
In case of McOucken's prolonged argu
ment Creamer did not see the play, and
could therefore give no decision. My
tlueken on learning this should have re
tired.
The game was a pitchers' battle from
i start to finish, In which Russell out
1 pitched the Kr>-;it Iberg and then com
pleted hi* great day's work by scoring
the run which won the game. This hap
pened in the eleventh Inning. With two
men cut Russell hit for two bases and
Immediately scored on Donovan's single.
The game was beautifully played on
both sides, was interesting throughout,
; contained any number of exciting: situa
tions and was won by the Oaklands, as
mentioned above, through opportune hit
ting in the last of the eleventh inning. It
was anybody's <-ame, however, up to this
last rally, and were it not for the fact
that I am limited in space in Monday's
edition, I would with alacrity go into de
tails. Both teams permitted golden op
portunities to slip by when with a littles
sacrifice runs could have easily been
scored. I will take up these points on
Thursday. The score is as follows:
OAKLAND.
AB. U. BIT. SB. PO. A K.
Donovan, c. t 6 0 2 1 1 o 0
O'Neill,, 2 b 5 0 10 2 5*
I-.nn.Ke. 3 b 5 0 0 0 I 6 0
Sullivan, c 5 110 7 j 0
Hurdle, c. f 5 0 3 0 3 10
miss. 1 b....j*. 5 0 1 0 13 0 0
Schmeer. 8. ......... 6 0 1 0 3 V 0
Moskiman, 1. f 5 0 2 6 16 0
Russell, p 4 110 0 10
Totals 45 2 12 1 83 17 *0
SAX JOSE.
AB. R. HIT. SB. PO A E
Hanley. 1. f 4 0 2 0 8 0 6
Hanlon, 1 b 6 0 2 0 11 0 (j
McGucken, c. f 5 0 1 0 1 0 6
Eiran, 2 b 4 0 0 0 I l ♦ I
Foley. r.'f 5 0 12 2 0 0
McCarthy, 3 b 4 0 0 0 14 0
P.rockhoff, s. s 4 0 2 6 1 4 a
Kent, c 3 10 0 8 0 0
Iburg. p.. 4 0 0 1-300
Totals 38 1 8 3 »32 "9 "2
•Two men out when winning: run was scored
RUNS BY INNINGS.
San Jose 0 0000001000— 1
Uase hits 0 002 101202C^S
Oakland 01 000000 001 9 '
Base hits 0 2 0 10 12 2 11 2-12 i
SUMMARY. * "
Run« responsible for-Iber* 1. Russell 1. Two
base hlts-Rusßell, Hanlon. Voley Base on
errors- <>aklan,l 1. BHS , es on bails-Oakland T
San Jose 4. Left on bases -Oakland 12. Son
Jose 8. Struck out-By Iburg 8. by Russell 7 j
—^^____ ADVEBTISEMENTS.
One Month's Free Trial.
WiSl A 1A 1 5 l Sffl OPFEnS TO LET THE PURCHASER TAKE AN
DroDosl on hi a P ' ,' ,h, h " cntlre «»tl«fa«-tlon before buying It the
F>r Meve? m^VPM tiir h " f fll l""-«' that commands respect and attention. .
take It on Slid* V!h t in "ft" 1 "' If you want one • ofhis ■ Belts /you can !
1 whole m,?r.th if I thW { ni!lkln ? a payment or deposit, and wear It for a
days th?t Th ni». >°,V, htt . v ma 'le "P >'«>r mind at the expiration of thirty
! ends the tr\ e r« 11 ?<- Ot do you ""I! KoOd> you can return it. and that
™, the transaction. . If you want the Belt you can make a small pay-
men The O nri'.J yy ° U de ' 'r e '. lhe ba i. anC * tO l.c Am monthly installments.
Beltß f)r M ' • mm u C !l }° W .V than thofl(> charred for worthless electric
made. Meyer a Belt Is the most powerful and effective Electric Belt
made -
■S^l^i^^B^Tr^oC^^^^lßJjH^^^^Sra ">' and' life. U will place
?3 JStT^^y^ E^^^^^^^wfe^l ' ulllnß &n<i Incompptcnt men
•> "■^■"™^y^^W^^'i^j^Qsf|j^|| l^^W^^ . . ates new powers and ambl-
•'w" ■' _ ««' < crrJif* A ■■■•'■■ . .i<\rA tlon. . It renews youth In the
MIAfiMPwiPPIUNCK —--Ft fl ;rv h efi to t^:
■ "«A«WI« * *Tu¥K B.R/* 1 * '* / *- v -» and lafitlnjf strength to the
■/,•'■■ sick and puny. .".-". ; ; I
Free Medical Examination.
o™?? 1 ; * II '' y * r 1 ma , kea a careful dla noflls of the physical condition of each
appl rant, and Bplect ? a Belt having the strength and other curative and ,
creating powers required. or such examination and his advice the doctor !
makes no charge whatever. If an Electric Belt will not benefit you, you
will be so informed without any fee or expense I
low£ full line at Electric nnd Magnetic Appliance*, superior in quality, but
lower In price thun eluewhere.
«r, ail Un<l .. ? ,I )r , pss ers r « celve Prompt and apeclal attention. Corn,- I
spondence aollclted. Call or address !
Wy I MpvAr 731 Market Street,
i/i • \j% ific yci • .San Francisco, Cal. '
•/ Third Floor-Tak. BleTttor.
Double play— Russell to Sullivan to "Lang.
Time of frame— I houra and 15 minutes. Um
pl r« — Creamer.
SANTA CRUZ DEFEATED.
Athletics Put Up a Fine Game
and a Score of Eight to
Three.
BANTA CRUZ, July 24.— poor
playing- of . the "Sand Crabs" was re
sponsible for their defeat to-day. The
Athletics. put up magnificent ball, and at
no time did they look like a loser. Mc-
Laughlln pitched for the visitors, and al
though he had comparatively little speed
he succeeded in fOQling the local stickers
badly. Only six scattered hits were made
off his delivery. " Baisz pitched for Santa
Ortiz; and considering the support he re
ceired did well. Score 8 to 3.
c«trn*d runs— Santa Cruz 2. Athletics 3. Two
base hits— Bulkz. Williams, McLaughlln. Three
base hit— Arellanee. Home run— Rlelly. Double
plays— D*vereaux to Fitzgerald; Hlelly to Pyne;
Johnson to Rlelly. Base on balls— Athletics 5,
Santa Cruz 1. Base on hit by pitched ball— C
Daubenbls. Struck out— By Balsz 6, by Mc
ivauKhlin 1. First ba«e on errors— Santa Cruz
2, Athletics 3. Wild pitch— Baisz. Time of
game— lh. 25m. Umpire— Sweeney. Scorer-
Sam Ermn*.
Stocktons Smothered.
SACRAMENTO, July 24.— Everybody
wondered to-day how It was that the
Stocktons ever defeated the Gilt Edges.
From the following score the general
amazement can well be understood:
GILT EDGE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Peoples, 8 b 5 3 3 0 111
.Hutchlnson. lb 5 12 0 8 0 0
Doyle, p 6 10 0 2 0
Stanley, c 4 12 0 6 10
Harvey, r. t 4 } 1 1 0 0 0
I Hughcs.2 b 5 1113 6 0
Shanahan. c. f 6 0 3 0 3 10
Lochead. s. 8 4 1 1 1 2 5-1
Borland. 1. t 3 4 2 I 3 1 0
Total 41 15 15 8 «26 1! 2
STOCKTON.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Setna, 1 b 5 0 2 1 12 0 1
Hillings, o 6 110 6 4 1
Smith, 1 b 4 1 ! 6 0 i 0
Rice, r. r 5 13 0 1 10
Starker, s. 8 4 0 S 0 0 4 2
Waltroue, c. f 5 1 ' 0.. 2 1 3
White. 3 X, 5 1*0231
Multer, 1. t 4 0 10 3 0 1
Uei»lnjrer, p 2 0 0 B 1 1 1
Whaleri, p 2 0 0 0 0 0 0
Total 41 1 16 1 27 16 10
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Gilt Edge 2 % 1 % 3 2 10 o—ls
Base hits 1 14 3 3 3 0 0 o—ls
Stockton 1 00120010—5
Base hits 1 12 2 1 114 3—16
HVTMMARY.
•Ifuller out for not touching first base.
Rune r<>si»or»elble— HelsiriKer 10,' Doyle 4. Home
' run— Harvey. Throe-base hit— Rice. Two-base
i hits— Hutchlnson. Stanley, Peeples. Sacrifice
hits— Hutchinson, Harvey. First base on er
rors—Gilt Ed*e 4, Stockton I. Plrpt base on
called balls— Off Doyle 1. oft Helslnger 4, off
AVhalen i. Left on bases— Ollt Edge 6. Stock
ton ». Struck oat— By Doyle 2. by Whalen 2.
Hit by pitcher— Smith. Stanley. Passed balls-
Stanley 1. Hillings 1. Wild Whalen.
Tlm« irt game One hour and 50 milnutes. Um
pire—Hu^hey Smith.
♦
Fresno Lowers Its Colors.
FRESNO, July 24.— San Francisco had
little difficulty In turning down the locals
this afternoon. Shea, for the visitors,
pitched a eplenaid game, while Thomas
of the locals received a severe drubbing.
Score:
BAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Smith, 8 b 4 10 0 2 2 1
Kniß. 8. b 6 i 3 0 1 3 1
Murphy. 1 b 5 0 I 3 11 0 1
Hearty, I. t 6 2 0 0 2 0 0
Hammond, c 3 3 0)540
Dunleavy, 1 b 4 9 0 0 6 4 2
Croll. r. f 4 2 10 0 0 0
Beaton, c. i 3 0 10 10 0
Shea, p 4 11 0 0 3 0
Totals 37 10 10 4 T. 16 5
AB. R. BH. SB. l'O. A. E.
FRESNO.
Haven. L t 5 0 19 10 0
Gilbert, c. 1 4 1110 0 0
Courtney, 8. s 3 0 19 12 0
McCue, r. i 5 110 5 10
Moore, 3 b 4 10 0 14 2
Francks, 2 b 6 i I 1 1 1 0
Borchers, 1 b 4 0 0 0 10 0 1
Mangerina. . c 1 0.0 0 5 11
Thomas, p 4 0 0 0 0 4 0
Totals 36 4 6 ♦ 27 13 4
RUNS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 1 2 4 0 0 2 10 o—lo
Base hits ..I 13 16 2 10 o—lo
Fresno 0 0 0 0 0 0 4 0 o—4
Case hits 0 0 0 12 0 3 0 o—6
SUMMARY.
Three-base — Krug 2, Crol! 1, "■' Francks
1. Two-base hit Croll. Left on bases— San
Francisco 4. Base on balls — Oft* Thomas 3, oft
Shea 6. Struck out— By Shea B, by Thomas 4.
First base on errors — San Francisco 3, Fresno
3. Umpire— O'Connell. 'Official Scorer. Sun
derland. Time of game l hour and 45 min
utes.
A Close Gams at Centerville.
CBNTERVIT.LR, July 24.— Tne base
ball game between the Centervllle nine
and the Achen and Munioh Insurance
Company this afternoon resulted in
nearly even honors, the score being 11 to
; 10 in favor the Centervilles.
Altos Were Goose-Egged.
WATSONA'ILLE, July -24. -The Altos of
Ban Franclaco and the Pajaro Valley
Wheelmen crossed bats here to-day. The
local nine were victors by a score of 9
to 0. Donlln, the local pitcher, struck
out ten men.
Grass Valley Wins.
GRASS VALLEY, July 24.— The Pio
neer baseball team of this place easily
defeated the Banners of Nevada City by
a score of 17 to 2.
Gridleys Downed by Marysville.
MARYSVILL.K, July 24.— Result of the
baseball gftxne: Q. W. Hall's Marysvllle,
15; Qrldleya, 13.
Basket-Bali at the Y. M. C. A.
A great deal of Interest is centering' In
the basketball game to be held at the
Young Men's Christian Association gym
nasium, Mason and EUls streets, Tuesday
evening, August 2, at 8 o'clock, between a
plekctd team of men from Newburg, N.
V., of the First New York Regiment Vol
unteers and the Business Men's team of
the association. The game Is to be played
for the purpose of raising money for the
purchase or a new flag for the associa
tion building. The committee Is antici
pating a large attendance as the contest
will be a hotly contested one.
THE CRTSTAL SWIMMING BATHS.
Physicians recommend the Crystal warm sea
water tub and swimming baths. North Beach.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
n^NYONT^ENEScTOR.
Many Lives and Much Moner Saved
t>r I«lner Ills Remedies.
"Dootored to Death" could truly be writ-
ten on many a gravestone. It is pitiful to
think of the sorrow and suffering that has
followed and are following in the trail of.
ignorant or vicious medical treatment. The
day will come when stupid or mercenary
doctoring will be criminal. This day 1* being
hurried by the wonderful work of Professor
Munyon.
Munyon guarantees that his Rheumatism
Cure will cure nearly all eases of rheuma-
tism In a few hours; that his Dyspepsia
Cure will cure Indigestion and all gtomach
troubles; that his Kidney Cure wMI cure
00 per cent, of all cases of kidney trouble;
that his Catarrh Cure will cure catarrh, no
matter how long standing; that his Head-
ache Cure will cure any kind of headache
in a few minutes: that his Cold Cure wMI
quickly lireek up any form of cold, and so
on through the entire list of his remedies.
Guide to ITealth and medical advice abso-
lutely free. Prof. Muuyou, 1505 Arch St.,
Philadelphia.
AND TUMORS. Sure Cure!
No Knife or Pain I No Pay Until Curedl
75-page book sent free. S. It. Cuami.et. M. XX
17 THIRD ST.. Near Market St.
SEND TO SOMEONE WITH CANCER
THE RAGGED EDGE
of martyrdom Is reached when an In-
ferior laundry sends your linen home
with frayed edges and . spread-eagle
buttonholes. If it don't "drive a man
to hard drink" it will surely drive him
to seeking a laundry that will insure
ilm such perfect work as is done at the
U. S. Laundry. We not only give your
linen a perfect color and finish, but we
send it home in a condition that Insures
comfort In hot weather.
The United States Laundry, office
1004 Market street Telephone
South 420.
Beware of Imitations
a^p **??L
•^ yj£rcesTer<sliir&tfs
JOHN VUHCfH-S SONS, Aaexra, new YORK.
Pug Noses, Hump, Flat. Broken, 111-shaped
Noses made to harmonize with the other feat-
ures. Operations painless. Consultation free.
Charges moderate. Dermatologist JOHN II
WOODBURY, 127 West Forty-second Bt.. New
York. Send for Illustrated book.
fili l4 : Inches
, SfMfeapl * InLlILj
WM$S [ *' FROMTHE EYES
S^^Sw IS THE NATURAL READING
. ' distance NEARER or FURTHER
15 ABNORMAL and Heeds investigation
CALL amd SEE US
OPTICIANS^ T^tooba^/
"■* 642 market ST. o^-
UNDER chronicle buildiHc
>^^flß^^fe&«*tf "k "I" non-poinnnoas
jS^^^CHF.h'mm Gleet, Sp»rma t or r ho>a!
i^KSjr in I to Sd»jt.>{« Whites, unnatural dij-
&££& On»r»attc4 \a ■ tinier.. or anr inflamma-
I*j'" to •uisture. S tion, Irritation or nlcera-
W**nemtn\a eoougloD. tion of muco 11 r mem-
K»ltheE¥AN3 CHEMlP.ll.no. branee. Non-astringfut.
:,»gAciHCmNATI,O.^Sf3 *»ld b.r UraictftU,
vHftk. C. S. a. Jg3sl 2r2 r "'■«' "I plain wrapper,
"^to^ Circular Mnt ou raqnect.
m "n«™ I^* ■ Circular wnt ou wqnert.
X. HESS,
ROTARY. PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, < Room 1015, Glaus SpreckeU Bids
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. 821 California st., below Powell. ■
San Francisco.
fe ,, 6 PATEMTS' 3
_V^33o MARKET ST. S-F.^SbSA
Weak Men and Women
<2. HOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. 1 THB !
'-'.great Mexican remedy; gives health and I
•trcneth to the sexual orsana.
....... .. * ;" r:.:rrrrr-rr
Subscribers camping at localities along the line of railroads
where there are no postal facilities can have The Call
thrown off at their camp by sending nams and location
of camp to The Call Subscription Department.
MAGIC SANTA . .
'-^S CATALINA
America's greatest field for health and pleas-
ure. Most phenomenal rod and reel fishing In
the world. The wonderful Marine Gardens;
the great stage ride; delightful coast excur-
sions; novel outdoor sports: dancing; pyrotech-
nics- water carnivals, etc. THE FAMOUS
MARINE BAND and splendid ORCHESTRA.
HOTEL METROPOLE,
Always open; modern appointments; efficient
management.
ISLAND VILLA,
Open July 1. Splendid arrangement for
campers.
Full Information, rates. Illustrated pamphlets,
Wilmington Transportation Company,
222 South Spring st., Los Angles, Cal.
HOTEL
METROPOLE,
•*■*■ fIAKI AND
*T -^ OAKLAND,
llfilTPffirTl » from San Fran-
'rt^o)lJ3VsirS| A Desirable Summer
'wWwrvggja and Winter Resort for
Families, Travelers
R. M. briare. Prop, and Tourists.
SARATOGA SPRINGST
Lake County, Cal,
Curative power* of springs and mineral bath*
unrivaled. Sixteen varieties of waters. A most
picturesque spot and charming climate. Easy
Cf access; telephone connections and dally mall.
Rates to suit aJI. Write J. MARTENS. Pro-
prietor, or la Ban Francisco. 416 Pin* street. F.
A. BUSSE.
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS,
Monterey County, Cal.
For rest, health and pleasure. fln» water*
•nd baths, cleanest accommodation and tabl*
ParalßD stands unsurpassed; round-trip tickets
at €13 Market st., S. F.. $8; trains leave dally
at Third and Towr.send 9 a. m for «oltdad
ROn^TTo.V^^n'aTer. pamphlet •**"" *-
C^ilPPO HOT SFRTXOS, Sonoma Co
Alt 11 |i|i. \ On 'y 4H hours from 8. F. an]
VIVnUUU but » miles' staging, water*
noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bam
In Btate; swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain scenery: • excellent climate; good trout
streams at door; photographer*' ■ room: tele-
phone, telegraph, daily mall: FIRST-CLASS
SERVICE ; morning and afternoon stag*.;
round trip from 8. F. only $5 60; take Tlburoa
ferry at 7:80 a. m. or 2:30 p. m. Terms, $1 a
day or $12 a week. Reference, any guest of ta»
past three years. J. F. MULORRW. Prop.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Charming Spot to Visit This Bummer.
Poets tree to guests. Fine tuning. Kxcellent
table. Clean beds and careful attention to
patrons. Climate perfect. Sixteen miles from
Truckee In the heart of the Sierras and sur-
rounded by magnificent trees of an unbroken
forest. The Ideal spot for families because It Is
clean, no poißon oak. no posts. And pure air
nd pure water. Address MRS. H. M CLEM-
ONS. Virginia City, before June 1. when Inde-
pendence Lake will be open to the public.
** p % REST and HEALTH
ORGHARDSPRINGS
Id the roothilt.i of the Sierra St vadai, near Colfai. obO P.R.K.
Plain, quiet retreat, finest scenery, water, monntain air,
frnit, and All the year aronni climate in California.
Idol groundj nndinrroandiofs. On R. It., IS* mile* fr«:aS:»n Fran.
$8 a week. Open all year. Send for Booklet
Address: Orchard Snrlnw. Chicago Park. Cal.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
This delightful watering place 1* located la
the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold ■
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water, fine stone dining room; telephone con- j
sections, electric lights, livery accommodation;
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
ticket* at Southern Pacific offices. tlO.
JOHN SPAULDINO. Proprietor.
J. WALLACE SPAUL.DINQ. Manager. j
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County. 8 Hours from Ran Francisco.
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
Grandest scenery. The hotel an enchanting
embowered home. Bath house rebuilt. clegaa:
porcelain tuba, tennis court, etc.
NATURAL STEAM AND MINERAL nATH*.
Tepid Hwlmmlng ~aka. Long-distance Tele-
phone. i Telegraph. \ eta. Table ' unsurpassed.
Terms. $10 and SIS per week; |> and J2 50 per
«sy. R. M. HORTON. Proprietor.
ftj4-++ o Ko "taglng to get there.
/_■"■ 11/1 B0 tog ' mosanitoes. rr
Mi jL 1 i Li. winds when you are
there. Table unsurpassed.
Hates CIO, $12. $14 a week.
(^ • Round trip tickets $7. W.
VflflflffC L - Mitchell. Manager;
springs Lnd, n r en Aeent - ca • ;
CARLSBAD — —
MINERAL SPRINGS.
MOST BEAUTIFUL SPOT IX LAKE COUNTS'
Waters unsurpassed for STOMACH, LIVER,'
KIDNEY and BLADDER affections. Round-
:rlp ticket direct to Carlsbad Springs, Lake
bounty, via S. F. and N. P. K. R. J9. Terms,
18 to ; $10 per ■w.-'-k:
W. H. McGOVERN, Proprietor.
HOWARD springs.
II \J W-'A KLP LAKE COUNTY
**V^ tt XT*.*^.*-*' LAKE COUNTY
Accommodations unsurpassed.
Rates. IS 110 and $12. Special terms to fam-
ilies. Pcstofflce and telephone.
Round trip. $10. Southern Pacific office. 11l
Market street.
Address MRS. R. J. BEEBT.
UfififiD T liriT ment go treat-!
UUUU Lit A ment go hand In
hand at HOTEL CISELMAN.
. Lakeport. Cal.
A. H. SPURR, Proprietor.
PARKER VINEYARD RANCH.
Natural attractions without limit. Pleasant
walks throurh shady canyons. Hunting and
Ashing. Table supplied with fresh vegetables.
fruits, butter, milk and eggs. A 'delightful
xjuntry home. Free conveyance at depot: !7
jer week. JOHN D. WINTER. Cloverdale. Cal.
ST. HELENA . SANITARIUM.
Natural advantages; salubrious llmcte: ci»- i
turesque scenery; mountain walks; pur»
iprlng water; beautiful drives; pine groves
lawns and gardens. The best advantages for
tuose who need to obtain comfort, rest and
health culture In a short time. Address St.
Helena Sar.'»arlum. St. Helena. Cal.
PLANTATION HOUSE,
Eighteen miles irom -v;azadero. on stage llns.
Bood trout fishing, plenty fruit, cream ! and
milk; tree conveyance lor parties of two or
, i'-.^tL' grand led wood scenery. • Address .' J
LUTTRINGER Seavlew. Sonoma County, or
PPly 12. XIVUBB, 207 Front •*••»•■.»- To/par-
El Paso de Robles Springs Hotel,
PASO DE ROBLES. CALIFORNIA.
OTTO E. NEVER Propriety
UNDER NEW AND EXPERIENCED
MANAGEMENT.
|T^H|j^ff.lH!llffin^H'fl!WTpTnti'pr»»ff«ry^ffn
GREATEST HEALTH AND PLEASURE
RESORT ON THE COAST.
RESIDENT PHTSICIAIf.
HOT MUD AND SULPHUR BATHS,
SODA SPRINdS.
IRON SPRINGS,
NEW HOTEI. AN"D COTTAGES.
PA IP ORCHESTRA.
DRINK PASO ROBLES SODA WATER.
PACIFIC
CONGRESS SPRINGS
Santa Clara County,
Three hours from San Francisco, Tla lios
Gatos; 6 months roundtrip ticket, U, or via >
Santa Clara, {3 50. New swimming tank. 150x75
feet, and other Improvements.
Hot and cold mineral baths.
Climate, scenery and location uneqaaled.
JOHN S. MATHESON, Manager.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS;
LAKE COUNTY. CAL.
BEST FT..ACE IN CALIFORNIA FOB
HEALTH OR PLEASURE.
THIRTY OF THE GREATEST MINERJLb
spring* in America; all kinds of amuse-
! ments: new swimming tank, baths and bowl-
' ing alley. First-class accommodations; ratM
reasonable. Write for Illustrated pamphlet*.
Ban Francisco office. Sit Montgomery •tra«U
Address HIGHLAND SPRINGS. Cat
MARK WEST SPRINGS
The most picturesque resort In California. Ha*
' the only grapevine arbor in the State; a va-
; riety of mineral springs, such as Soda. Sul-
phur, Magnesia, Iron and Arsenic; plunge bat
' sw.immln§: pool; billiards, shuffle-board, croquet
I and other games. Accommodations first class;
table pood. Round-trip $3 75. Stage meets
morning trains and Saturday evening. Terms
$9 to $12 per week. Address FRE9E & JUER-
GENSEN.
The Place for f\ T> r*U A "D T\ 1* the FOOT-
RESTand ( i KLHARDE^V R T
HEALTH SPRINGS KsSftg|
Plain. Quiet Retreat. Finest Scenery. Water,
Mountain Air. Fruit, and all the Year
Around Climate in California. i
Ideal grounds and surroundings. On R.R., 136 miles fm S.F. "
$8 week. Open all year. Bend for Booklet
Address Orchard Springs, Chicago Park, Cal.
ROWARDENNAN.
Panta Cruz Mountains on San Lorenzo River,
t hours from S. F., 40 minutes from Santa
Cruz: grounds and river lit by electric lights;
tennis, bowling, boating, bathing and fishing;
finest hall and dining-room in Santa Crut
Mts. ; club, billiard and smoking rooms. New.
hard finished and elegantly furnished. Tele-
phone and telegraph service. Round trie U.
Address THOMAS L. BELL. Prop., douth Baa
Lomond. ,
LOVELY BEN LOMOND. ".
Park House and cottages. New management.
Fine grounds. Fish pond, boating. Grand scen-
ery. Solid comfort. Fresh milk and fruit. Llverr
connected. $8 week. R. H. BANFILL. Prop.
SUMMIT SODA ~~~~~
On line of C. P. R. R. Elevation. 6009
Dally mall. Telephone connections. New ac-
commoclajion^open^une Add™, OOCfc.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
Finest fishing and health resort on the Coast.
For particulars write to EDSON BROS.. Be*.
wick. SUklyon County. Cal. *
HOTEL EL BONITO.
DUNCAN'S MILLS, Sonoma County Open
all year; N. P. R. R. ; best boating, fishing,
bathing on Russian River. Fine walks, drives
croquet, billiards, etc.; excellent table Terms'
$S.OO to $12.00 a week. PETER SICKELS. pro-
prletor, or I. K. THAYER. a California street.
SANTA CRUZ Mountains, Blackburn Gulch i
miles from Santa Cruz; plenty of fruit on
the ranch: good table and pleasant surround- -
ings; terms $3 per week. Address W. CRAN*
1 'XT.L, Santa Cruz. T
THE WEEKLY CALL,
o{ It Publishes the Cream of th«
gj News of the Week and
©< MANY ACTIVE AND
o( ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°( IT IS THE BRST WEEKLY '
©< PAPER ON TUB
J PACIFIC COAST
3 The Best \ / Mining
■^ Telegraphic \V News That
°S Service on /\. | s Accurate
o< The Coast / \& up to date
=X / V _
=X _
o{ Not a Line of It Sensational
fj or Faky,and Not a Line of
J it Dry or Uninteresting.
CX Brljrht, Clean, I A Champ on of '
_1 Though tJul. I ruth.
ol A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER V
J ALL IHE TIME.
cJ fT ADVOCATES I SENT BY
"j HOME ; MAIL, 51.58
°\ INDUSTRIE* 1 A YEAR.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
PERSONALITY
IN POLITICS
Succeeds Decency in the
Alameda Contest.
"DEAD CAT" IS THE LATEST
FALSEHOOD THE WEAPON OF
THE PARDEE CAMP.
A Northern State Committeeman
Compares the Quarrel to a
Punch and Jud7
Show.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, |
(roadway, July 24.
"Tin you refer to that Punch and Judy !
eh<->w playing a never ending engagement
unty?"
k.r was a member of the State
•nmittee from a northern coun
[e was crossing to Oakland last Sat- ■
• ■i;ng and was asked
thought of Alameda's
ral campaign. His answer was
; nd when requested to explain
it he took two copies of Pardee's organ
from his pocket. Kicked at them with a
way f.^cus to'his eyes and pmiled.
There was good ground for his sarcasm.
Unfortunately, Alameda's campaign for.
■ nor has degenerated into ;i stupid
and offensive personal contest. Vitupera
itlon. innuendo
il the methods known as "dirty poli-
Introduced and each side
ther for the reprehensible ;
y.
a sample paragraph from Dr.
-c.ir. of last Saturday:
Mr. Davis and Mr. Chapman have said that
they have no use for any man or set of men
■whi> have ever refused to vote for the Repub
lican nominees In municipal affairs. An,! Mr.
Chapman! has said, from the same platform
■with Mr. Pa vis, that he regarded Dr. Pardee
ns a "■dead cat"; and Mr. Davis, by his
nilence, has Indorsed what his friend, Mr.
Chapman, ?a5-1 about Dr. Pardee. When Mr.
Chapman abused Dr. Pardee, as only Mr. Chap
mnn can. Mr. Davis sat quietly by and smil
ingly assented to all that his political friend
paid. And when Mr. Chapman took occasion
to strike at all who ever voted anything: but
the straight Uppublican ticket in municipal
affairs, his friend, Mr. Davis, by his silence, if
In no other way, assented to all of Mr. Chap
man's abuse.
When political arguments get down to
""•.he "dead cat" basis and to falsehood
they are certainly of the Punch and Judy
show order, and that the State thus
views the Pardee-Davis wrestling match
is the i fault of the principals. In an
other copy of Dr. Pardee's organ is this
direct falsehood, known to Dr. Pardee to
be such: .
The true Jnwardness of The Call's opposi
tion to George C. Pardee In this county Is said
to be that the line of political argument and
the trend of thought adopted as gospel by the
Alameda County correspondent of John £>.
Spreckels' paper is formulated by the Demo
cratic boss of Oakland, Frank J. Moffltt.
Following the line of stupid logic ap
plied to Mr. Davis by Dr. Pardee. the
doctor has by his silence indorsed it. If
he rill refresh his memory he will re
member that the man whom he now ac
cuses of allowing others to think for him
wmtf for Dr. Pardee his notification to
the* Stare" tTTal'Ke" (Oft "doctor) was a can
didate for Governor. So well pleased was
Dr. Pardee with the little effort that he
pronounced it better than he could have
done for himself, and he was proud to
see it go forth in his name. And the fol
lowing evening it was copied into the
tor's organ verbatim. With the same
dissimulation entering into every detail
of the doctor's campaign is it any wonder
that the rest of the State refers to Ala
meda's Punch and Judy show.
Even the people in this county are now
to a large extent sharing the opinion of
the other counties. They realize that
they are being used in a game of bat
tledore and shuttlecock. A few months
ago the Enquirer was extolling Mr.
Davis to the skies and speaking of him
a? 'he one man who could lead the Re
publican hosts to victory. This kept up
for a time, and then Dr. Pardee came
along. He did something to that news
paper (he says he didn't buy it), and
from that time it has striven most lu
dicrously to convince the county that
the- diet* of cheese it gave them a short
time ago is not good for its political dl
gestion, and has striven to substitute
chalk. Now they would, very naturally,
like to know when another chef may be
expected with another bill of fare. 'Tis
funny, 'tis true, and 'tis true 'tis funny,
and perhaps after all it does appear to
an outsider something like a Punch and
Judy show.
It would peem also as if some of the
interior papers have caught the spirit
of the show, for Dr. Pardee publishes
this from the Eureka Standard:
Henry T. Gage, the Los Angeles lawyer. Its
being brought prominently forward by the
politicians from the south, while here It is
believed by many that the successful candl
. date will come from Alameda County, and that
Dr. Geonre C Parciee formerly Mayor of Oak
land, will be the lucky man.
Mr. Davis offsets this with a double
shot from the same paper as follows:
W. R. Davis is an able man, a clean, honest
and honorable man. The good things paid of
Mr. Davis by the Pasadena News are all true.
That the Eureka Standard now has
evidently "caught on" to the situation.
Dr. Pan! also claims that he is in
dorsed by the organ of the San Jose
"gang," but this occasions no surprise in
this county as there is much to suggest
that he has during the past few years
taken lessons in politics from Jim Rea. .
Of more Ir — tance just now than tran- :
sient politics is the question of the loca
tion of the fuse works that were blown to !
f. Ms last Tuesday. The explosion "was
a revelation to the people that lived in
the vicinity. They had not the slightest .
Jdea they were living in such close prox
imity to such a mighty engine of death
and the indignation meeting held last j
night was a very timely proceeding. If
the evidence of the officers of the works |
be true thai theVe was a much smaller j
amount of powder in the magazine at the
time of the accident than is usually on
band, there should not be any need of a j
!i to prevent the i
works being rebuilt in the same locality.
In other words, to rebuild at the scene of
last T explosion, is to wilfully ex
pose to tt anger of Instant death one j
hundred and sixty little children who at
tend the adjoining school.
most notable Incident of the catas
trophe, next to the death <if the victims,
attering ;md demolition of the
Melrose schoolhouse. It is almost be
yond belief that a powder magazine and
a public school should be neighbors In a
country as sparsely settled as Melrose.
Fortunately the explosion occurred be
fore school was open for the day and j
while the 160 little ones were in their
beds. Fortunately, also, there w;us a
"small" stock of powder on hand. There
is no guarantee that the Chinese em-
Hot again quarrel, or the
m;i(-azine be tired, and the natural infer*
rom this Is surely argument enough
to prevent the works being rebuilt on the
Old site. There is yet anothe r strong
point brought forward, and that is that
the development of the district must ,
naturally be retarded by the presence of ;
such a menace to life and property.
Not for some years have the different >
departments of the city government j
bi en running as smoothly and with so :
1 general satisfaction as at present.
Since the new heads of the Police and ;
Fire departments, the weekly squabbles I
that were brought before the Commis- :
eioners are missing, and apparently the
tt feeling prevails on all sides.
There is also a pood administration in the ,
Street Department, and If any change be j
contemplated for political reasons a loud
howl of opposition would be raised. It is
a good time to let well alone
STtTART W. BOOTH
POSTMASTER W. H. FRIEND.
Clerks and Carriers Present Mr.
White and Mr. Martin With
Tokens.
OAKLAND, July 24.— Four years ago
to-day Mr. Bishop turned the Oakland
Postofflce over to J. J. White. To-day
Mr. White surrendered the keys and the
custody of the Government's mails to W.
H. Friend.
Last evening the clerks and carriers of
the offic« gathered in the room of Post
master White and presented him with a
gold headed cane. Charles Hasmell of the
■ d delivery window made the pre
sentation.
Joe Kenny presented Assistant Post
master Martin with a charm on the face
of which was his name and address and
a stamp, canceled with a fae-simile of the
Government cancelling stamp.
Chronic Alcoholism.
OAKLAND. July 24.— Mrs. Mary Allen.
Wife of a corn doctor, died at the Russ
House about 2 o clock this morning. She
is said to have been partaking noerally
of liquor for the past two weeks, which
resulted In her death. At the Coroner's
office it was given out that death was due
to chronic alcoholism, but an inquest will
be held to-morrow evening, as there was
no attending physician. She was a native
of Ireland, aged about 40.
J. C. Allen, the husband of the dead
woman, was arrested at 10 o'clock to-day
by Special Officer Hunt on a charge of
drunkenness and locked up In the City
Prison.
Drowned at New Hope.
OAKLAND, July 24.— Word was re
ceived by telephone to-day at the police
station of the death of Stewart Warnerer
at New Hope, on the Sacramento River,
by drowning. No particulars were given
more than that the boy was drowned and
that his body had not been recoverd.
"Warnerer lived with his parents at 464
Twenty-fourth street and up to several
months ago was a peddler.
Runaway Boys.
OAKLAND, July 24.— Eddie Inman and
Dan Johnson, boys not over 12 years of
ape, were sent to the City Prison to
night from Golden Gate by Officer Lay
ton. They ran away from the West Oak
land Home this morning because the
larger boys teased them.
Broke His Arm.
ALAMEDA. July 24.— Alexander Innes,
a capitalist living at the corner of Pearl
! street and Central avenue, broke his arm
in a singular manner at the Oakland
Mole about 9 o'clock this morning. He
was going to Martinez to inspect a ranch
belonging to him and was waiting for his
train He was about to step on one of
the tracks when a friend who was with
him said: "Look out. there comes the
train." Mr. Innes wheeled quickly an.l
in doing so lost hi? balance and fell heav
ily to the ground. His right shoulder
struck a rail that projected above the
planking with such force as to cause a
fr.-irtiire. He was t;^kon home and Dr.
Reynolds attended him.
Death of Rev. B. F. Burris.
ALAMKPA. July 24.— Rev. Benjamin
Franklin Burris died this morning at his
residence. 1427 Chestnut street, of chronic
catarrh and ulceratlon of the stomnch.
Mr. Burris was G5 years of age at the
time of his death. He was a native of
- County, Missouri, and was well
tro a? a' clergyman of the Methodist
Church South. He had been located at
.. hut ill-health had caused his re
tlrement from active sovice and he had
lived in this city for the past ten months.
Return of Rev. H. Haserodt.
ALAMEDA. July M.— Rev. H. Haserodt.
; pastor of the Germ\n Evangelical Luth
eran Church, who has been east and was
married there recently, returned home
last week and preached this morning for
the first time since his departure.
SEWWG WOMEN ARE
ACTING IN HARMONY
■
TRADEMARKS TO KNOCK OUT
CHINESE-MADE GOODS.
Another Enthusiastic Meeting at
Which the Purposes of the In
corporation Are Fully
Explained.
The -women interested in the Incorpora
tion of the Woman's Sewing Company
met in Pythian Castle yesterday after
noon and received a report of progress
from the directors. Mrs. M. E. Squire j
4ed, and pointed remarks were made j
by Mrs. Addle L. Ballou. W. W. Allen,
lira. Sehlessinger, Mrs. Naomi Anderson, j
George T. Boyd and others. The articles j
| of incorporation have been forwarded to j
i the Secreetary of State, and already nu- j
merous subscriptions for stock, of which;
shares will be Issued at $1 each, !
1 have ben received. The objects of the ,
incorporation are thus Bet forth:
To protect working women and enable j
; them to secure full value for their labor.
To contract for sewing of all kinds and
distribute the same to deserving women
at prices equal to the value of the work
: to be performed.
To furnish work to deserving women at :
i both factory and home, so the families
shall receive the benefits instead of en- |
riching contractors.
To establish, maintain and conduct a
1 factory and depot for supplying women
with sewing of all kinds, at all times, at
prices in proportion to their ability to
perform, and grade the same up to the ;
full value of the character of the labor
performed upon each class of work.
Manager W. W. Alien reported that a
suitable building had been secured, 30xS0
light and electric power
available, at the corner of Eighth and
Folsoin streets, which will be the depot of
supply. Those eligible to membership
■ company must be citizens of the
: States or become such; must be of
good moral character, competent to do
the work, and desist from politics in any
form. It is proposed to give to labor 70
per cent of the profits, retaining but SO
per cent for the running expenses. Man-
Allen believed that the company's
trademark would be almost sufficient to
Chinese work to be tabooed. All
getting work will be subjected to certain
rules, and any one may purchase stock, j
nd Japanese being excluded.
Mrs. Ballou spoke particularly of the i
benefits of organized labor, and said that
the needle will be the company's most
desperate weapon, the toneue being
curbed. She spoke of the patriotism of
women during the Civil War, and thc.r
characteristics of Independence, clever- i
ness, courage and virtue. She urged the j
sewing women to "put their shoulders to
the wheel, manfully, as it were."
Mrs. Knomi Anderson. a colored j
i woman, expressed her gratitude at being
classed with American women, and could
nee no reason for the foreign prefix in
"Afro- American."
Mr. Boyd called attention to a case '
where an unfortunate woman was of
fered $1 75 per dozen for making ladles'
wrappers, and this showed the great ne
•v of concerted action on the part of
the sewing women of this city.
Another meeting will be held shortly,
rlu^ notice of which will be given through ;
the papers.
■ ■» .
BETRAYED HIS CONFIDENCE.
■
Captain Lorenson of the Schooner
Marietta Robbed by a Boy.
i Captain Lorenson of the schooner Mari
etta, lying at the foot of Third street, re
ported at the Southern Police Station yes
terday that he had boon the victim of a
boy he had taken pity upon and given
shelter for the night.
"The boy came to me," said the cap
tain, "last night and told me that he was
destitute anu had no friends in the city,
lie said he had recently come from Chi
cago by the brake-beam route and begged
me to give him a bunk to sleep in.
"I took pity upon him and allowed him
to sleep in my cabin. This morning while
I was absent from the cabin the boy dis
appeared and I discovered that he had
tal:<n $21 which I had in my trousers'
pockets hanging up in the cabin. There
was $15 in gold and $6 in silver."
The captain described the boy as about
14 years of age, light complexion and hair
and wore a gray cap and coat, brown
apron overalls and a pair of shoes that
were too large for his feet. The police j
are hunting lor the boy. (
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 25, 189 S.
ADMIRED THE
GRAND NAVE
Hundreds of People In
spected the Depot.
WERE LOUD IN THEIR PRAISES
TRANSPORTS ATTRACT A GREAT
DEAL OF ATTENTION.
Three Deep-Water Vessels Arrive
After Long Passages — Rough
Weather Encountered by
the Burmah.
Another attraction Is offered visitors to
this city and in fact to its own inhabitants.
The grand nave in the new Union Ferry
Depot was visited by thousands of people
yesterday. .
Great praise was bestowed on Its de
signer and wonder was expressed at the
beautiful stones and glass used in its
construction.
The latest acquisition to San Fran
cisco's costly structures can now be seen
to advantage, as the old shacks that dis
figured the landing and hid it from view
have been removed and the building now
looms up in all its magnificence.
A great deal of interest also attached to
the transports Arizona, Scandia and Cen
tennial and hundreds view the splendid
ships from a distance, as armed guards
precluded a closer inspection. The merry
hammering on steel could be heard on the
Centennial. One hundred men divided Into
two shifts are working day and night put
ting in new boiler plates to satisfy the In
spectors on their next examination.
The Scandia has been adjudged to be in
excellent condition by the proper officials
and she will doubtless be placed on the
dry dock to-day for scraping and paint
ing. ... .■•■ \. ;>v--<
The St. Paul was removed from the
later place yesterday and brought down
to seawall No. 4 in preparation for
her trip to southern waters.
Light winds and numerous calms were
responsible for the long trip of the bark
Big Bonanza which arrived from Sydney
yesterday. Captain Bergman said he left
Syndey the day before war was declared
and after an uneventful voyage of ninety
two days was glad to reach this port.
The Lord Templeton, another bark, fol
lowed the Bonanza in. She brought a
general cargo from Newcastle-on-Tyne
and was 157 days in coming.
Captain Jones of the ship Burmah,
which left Antwerp on the 11th of March,
was glad to reach this port with his ship
Intact. Fourteen days after he started
he had the misfortune to lose his fore top
gallant mast in a heavy gale. Gales con
tinued while the ship was off the River
Platte for about a fortnight, during which
time he lost a number of sails, a small
boat and numerous articles about the
deck by heavy seas. The vessel could
not make much progress as the gales
were all westerly. The captain said he
had flue weather off Cape Horn, which
surprised him, considering the time of the
year. ' .-.-/. ■-£
The quarantine tug Hartley will return
to night work now that the Golden Gate
is back for work. She has been newly
painted and thoroughly overhauled, mak
ing a beautiful appearance. Her com
mander,' Captain Butts, is justly proud
of her. ;;.,■ -*\ . . . - •. . ■•.:■
J. Peterson, 607 Battery street, fell
from a ladder yesterday while painting a
vessel at the Merchants' Drydock and
was severly injured. Dr. Zabala of the
Harbor Hospital, who attended him, fears
he is internally injured. The distance of
his fall was over twenty feet.
NATIONAL GUARD
OF CALIFORNIA
SEEKING INFORMATION OF THE
STATE'S ARMED FORCE.
List of Those Who Have Been Adju
tant Generals of California,
Naval Militia.
Major General John H. Dickinson has
returned from his tour of observation In
the limits of the First Brigade and the
first thing he did upon his return, as a
means to the end of reorganizing the
armed force of the State, was the Issu
ance of a circular letter to all the com
panies in the State in which are embraced
the following questions which will serve
as the base for future operations in the
matter of putting the guard on a solid
footing once more.
What are the names of the members of the
company?
The rank of each.
What was the date of enlistment and date
of re-cnllstment?
Why are such members not In the service of
the United States?
If any member in physically disabled, what
Is the nature of the disability. If known?
What property has the company on hand?
Give the same in deta.i.
Who Is In command of the company?
If other than a commissioned officer, by
whose authority?
. Have the oaths of the enlisted men been for
warded?
What money Is due the company from the
State?
Can you recruit up to at least fifty men?
If so, how do you know?
Oive the indebtedness of the company In de
tail. What Is due the armorer? What Is due
for light for water and other indebtedness?
If these questions, simple and unmis
takable, are properly answered, there will
be no difficulty for the Board of Location
to arrive at the exact status of the guard
at this. time.
Until the answers are received nothing
will be done except to gather information
that will assist the board In placing tho
companies, that are to be reorganized, in
such parts of the State where they may
be most available. . "What the numerical
strength of the new guard is has not yet
been agreed upon, but If it Is to be one
half of what It was before the declaration
of war, there will be no difficulty in filling
the ranks, Judging from the number of
applications that have been filed by indi
viduals who have offered their services
to the State. It Is true, however, that
many of these offered themselves in an
ticipation that there might be a third call
and. their -purpose in tendering their ser
vices was to be able to go as a part of
the National Guard of the State, rather
than .as individuals who - might be as
signed to this, that or some other branch
of the service. i .
The return of the election held In Com
pany H of the Fifth Infantry, located at
Napa.has been received at Division Head
quarters. This shows that Captain Frank
W. Bush was re-elected, Harry L. Gunn
was re-elected first lieutenant and Gilbert
A. Wright was elected second lieutenant.
Major Margo of the Second Brigade staff
presided at the election.- -
The regimental armory of the First In
fantry Is located at the corner of Page
and Gough streets, but people who are
not aware of that fact are apt to be mis
led by the gilt letter sign which stands
out prominently over the entrance to the
large building pn'the south side of Market
street near Tenth. This sign which reads:
"First Regiment Infantry N. G. C," has
been there ever since the eight companies
of the First were transferred from that
building to the one at Page and Gough I
streets, where may now assemble those
members of the eight companies who did
not go' to" the front with Colonel J.F.
Smith and the rest of the fighting boys
from California. -
A correspondent has asked . who were
the adjutant generals of the State of Cal
ifornia. The following is the list: T. R. f
Fersee with rank of brigadier general,
1850-51; E. W. McKinstry. brigadier gen
eral, 1851-52: William C. Kibbe, brigadier
general, 1552-53: Robert Robinson; briga
dier general, .1853-04: George S. Evans,
brigadier beneral, 1864-65: ■; Robert Robin
son, brigadier general, 1865-66; Georee S.
Evans, brigadier general, 1866-68; James
M. Allen, brigadier general, 1868-70;
Thomas Is". Cazneau, brigadier general,
1870-71; L. H. Foote, brigadier general,
IS7I-75; P. F. Walsh, brigadier general,
1575-S0; Samuel W. Backus, major general,
1880-82; John F. Sheehan, major general,
1883-83; George B. Crosby, major general,
1883-87; Richard H. Orton. brigadier gen
eral, 1887-91; Charles C. Allen, brigadier
general, 1891-95, and Andrew W. Barrett,
1895, Incumbent.
The parade reports of the Naval Militia
on the Fourth of July, which includes the
men on special duty, show an excess of
800. The parade in this city had in it
seventy-five men of the battalion located
here. This is looked upon as a very good
showing in view of the fact that quite a
number of the men have enlisted in other
branches of Uncle Sam's service.
A letter received from Lieutenant Tur
ner, commanding the Iroquois, formerly
the Fearless, announces that the vessel is
loading stores as rapidly as possible and
that she will soon be ready for sea. The
work on the other scouting tugs is not
being pushed as rapidly, but there is con
siderable work being done.
The men of the two divisions In this city
are being drilled weekly, and at this time
particular attention is being paid to in
fantry tactics with the view to utilize the
men for infantry, should there be a third
call for volunteers. The usual discipline
is maintained on the Marion, but not so
much attention as in the past is paid to
ship drill.
Swiss Rifle Club Celebration.
The annual picnic and outing of the
Swiss Rifle Club, which developed on
thla occasion Into a patriotic celebra
tion, was held yesterday at Fairfax. This
club Is one of the most select of the
Swiss organizations In existence In the
country and has had a life of thirty
seven years. Accbrdlngly the picnic was
private, about 150 members and invited
guests being present. The principal fea
ture of the day was a banquet in the
large pavilion. Orations were delivered
in English by A. Gehret, A. Borlini and
G. F. Cavalli; In German by L. Juri; in
Italian by Architect Tognazzinl, and in
French by C. Grandjean. They were all
patriotic In nature and numerous refer
ences were made to the American and
Swiss flags, intertwined above the speak
ers' stand.
In the afternoon a number of operatic
and patriotic songs of both coun
tries were sung by a chorus consisting of
Mr. Desmond (tenor), A. Borlini (bary
tone), A. Gehret (basso), Mrs. Christine
(soprano) and J. Baumgarten (tenor).
When the national hymns were sung hats
came off all around. Dancing followed
the exercises.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
John and Mary Quinton to George and Eu
fhemia Towns. lot on E line of Chattanooga,
129 S of Twenty-first, S 25 by E 125; *10.
Bartholomew Healey. by Peter Healey, attor
ney, to Maurice Hayes, lot on NW line of
Preclta avenue and Shotwell street (Bernal), N
120, W 50, S 110, E 50; lots 23 and 24 J. 13.
Hills' Subdivision Preclta Valley lands; fISOO.
Jacob and Lina Heyman to Louisa BJorman,
lots 1502 and IM)3. Gift Map 3; $700.
Thomas P. Magrath to Solomon Geta, lot 25,
block 36, SunnyßWe; $10.
Solomon and Dora <)?tz to Anton Metten, lot
26, block 36, Sunnyslde; ?200.
Alameda County.
Mathlas A. and Georgine Bonne to W. R.
Finlay. lot on W line of McClure street. 140
N of Prospect avenue, N 45 by W 104, being
lot 9, Map of McClure Academy Grounds. Oak
lan.l; $10.
William R. Finlay to Agnes K. Finlay, same,
Oakland; gift.
Bridget and Patrick J. Manning to Union
Savings Bank, lot on W line of Campbell
street, 2", S of Pacific, S 25 by W 74:3, being
lot 20. block 466, Revised Map Gibbons 1 Prop
erty at Oakland Point. Note— This deed Is
given In full consideration of a certain mort
gage made by first parties to second party,
dated August 27, 1595. and recorded In 509 m
05, Oakland; $700.
Mary K. Field to William P. Kern, lot 17,
block 24, San Antonio, subject to a mortgage
tor 11000. East Oakland: $10.
Frances L. Merrill to Arthur B. Merrill, lot
on SW line of Ea?t Sixteenth street, 122 NW
of Sixth avenue. NW 2S by BW 100. block 73.
Clinton; also lot on SW line of East Twenty
fifth street. ITT:* 2 ; NW of Twenty-first avenue,
NW 50 by SW 140; also lot on N*E line of East
Twenty-fourth street, 277:6 NW of Twenty-first
avenue, NW 40 by NE 140, block 81. Map of
lots In Brooklyn, East Oakland; also lot on
S line of S«ward street, ion c of Willow. E
60, S 121. w 3T., N 30. W 25, N 90, to beginning,
block 700, Oakland; gift.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to
Manuel B. Augustine, lot Si* In plat 14 in Moun
tain View Cemetery. Oakland Township; $31.
Catherine V. Kllnknex i executor estate Thaw.
A. Klinkner) to Frank Perarar. lot on N line
nf B'>nton avenue. 75 E of Tenth street, E 35 by
N 140 being the E 35 feet lot 8, block C. Kllnk
nervllle Tract, Oakland Annex; $1150.
11. A. and Ellen Nelson to H. A. Nelson Jr.
lot on SE corner of Forrest avenue and Center
street. E 123 by S ISO. being lots 1. 2 and N*
47:7 of lot 3, block D, property Berkeley Home
stead Association. Berkeley; $lf<oo.
Pan Francisco Savings I'nlon to William Pat
terson, lot on X line of Shattuck avenue (since
widened to 30 on E side) 302 S of Cedar street,
S 50 by E 115. 35, being lot 8, block C, less the
portion taken for widening Shattuck avenue,
being portion Percy tract. Berkeley; $500.
San Francisco Savings Union to Henry B.
Phillips, lot on SE corner Gllman and West
street.*. S 200 by E 13*., bring lot 2 and X 80
feet of lot 3, block 17, Map of Property Ber
keley Villa Association, Berkeley: $1,300.
Emil Greenebaum to Peter Delpet, lot 10,
block 50. Northern Addition to Town of Liver
more, Hurray township; $10.
I-\ A. and Mac O. Losh to E. L. Reed, lot on
NW line Third avenue, 100 NE Twelfth street,
NE 50 by NW ISO, block 50, Clinton, East Oak
land; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Jane E. and C. M. Belshaw (owners) with
J. W. Wesslnger (contractor), architect none.
All work except excavating and grading,
plumbing, tearing down chimney and rear
wall and foundation under same of building
at 130 Reale street, and cutting portion of wall
on Belshaw and Chabot property for a four-
Ptory and basement structure and basement
under sidewalk on NE line of Fremont 183:4,
NW Howard. NE V<:\o by 137:6: 517.750.
E. Plerron (owner) with J. B. Pene (contrac
tor), architect Jules Godart. Trenching,
brick work, chimney flues and fire places, gns
rhimney and vents, cementing, carpenter, mill
and Malr work, tinning, galvanizing, wrought
and cast iron, plastering, lathing, rough hard
ware, tiling, electric bells, glazing, painting of
i Joints, etc; for a two-story frame building
i with brick foundation (2 flats) on SW corner
if Mason and Green. S 4. by W 137:6: ?3.ViO.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. July 24, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are
reported to-day from Weather Bureau stations
In CoJlfornla:
Eureka, 58; Sacramento, 92; Fresno, 104; In
dependence, 94; San Diego, 70; Red Bluff. 98;
Sr.n Francisco, 60; San Luis Oblspo, 74; Los
Angelec. 84; Yuma, 112.
San Frnnclsco data: Maximum temperature,
60; minimum, 60; mean, 55.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure Is highest this evening along
the North Pacific Coast and lowest In Arizona.
Fair weather prevails throughout the Pacific
Coast region. It has become somewhat warmer
In Eastern Washington and: Oregon and
throughout Idaho and Montana. Elsewhere
the temperature changes, have been slight.
Conditions arc favorable . for continued fair
weather, except fog at night along the Im
mediate coast.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, July 25, 1898:
Northern California— Monday, except fog
along the coast - In the morning; . fresh west
wind, high northwest on northern coast.
Southern California— Monday; fresh west
wind. ;-. •■;■■:
Nevada— Fair Monday.
Utah— Fair Monday. •
Arizona — Fair Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monday, ex
cept fog in the morning: brisk to high west
wind. -••".. W. - 11. HAMMON.
Forecast Official.
THE CALL CALENDER.
July. ISOB.
Mo
'V
Fr
1
6
2
O> Full Mooi.
W July 3.
/?Lut yuari«r.
*iL Jnly to. "
aKew Moon, *
W Juljr IS.
Moon'« Ph-ino*.
n
t;
a
15
22
it
i
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of tne United States Hydrographlo
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for tMe benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit th«
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matter*
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
"noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory, Mare Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error. If any, is published
In the morning papers the following day.
CHAS. P. WELCH.
Ensign (retired), U. S. N., in charge.
. ADVERTISEMENTS. - :
Are You Run Down, Exhausted?
TRY
pj^H^SSsSSSS ' PJJHk^S ?^!s3£!^?'t.TJ in I'll" i». V
f ,"' - TR V t t I b\ 1 H^^9bpH ■ A b J M mr l *^ JBKH J A r
fcV :1* ml n m a^O^H mm WM * IH J» gf J| fsj k * I
fe> Jfißk * P^ '
SIR MORELL MACKENZIE, M Api AMI WIMC
the Eminent Physician. . AlOAll 1 WIHE
Makes the
/SB • B #^i! Weak Strong.
llwiM^^'w*} /^SSraS?l' Mariani Wine gives power to
itmß^^ ■ /C the brain, strength and elasti--^
♦^fflf|PL :^^»- -^ s|Br c^ tv *° tne muBo^ es and rich- :
'^&^^^^'^^^^' [W* ness to the blood. It soothes,
j4|||||bbv. | '^^^^^wijl^jfj . strengthens and sustains the
yW^^^^^^^^M^fm system and braces body and
JL' WJ^zll \"^^^^r^//^^!v!/i brain. For overworked men,
p^^^/n \?WSM / /^P^Hw' delicate women, sickly children
V ; \ r^ar* / Ijr ***** it works wonders.
I have much pleasure in stating that To thoß9 who win * ln< write to mariani
v & CO., 62 West 16th street. New York City,
I have used the Yin Mariani for many win be ?ent free book contamiug portraits
years, I consider it a valuable Stimu- with endorsements of Emperors, Empress,
' , . , Princes, Cardinals, Archbishops and other in-
lant, particularly serviceable. teresting matter.
MORELL MACKENZIE, M. D. All Druggists. Avoid Substitutions.
Paris— 4l Boulevard Haussmann; London — 83 Mortimer street; Montreal — 25-30 Hospital street.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
MONDAY. JULY 25.
! Sun rises 5:07
i Sun sets 7:25
Moon sets 10:35 p. m.
Feet.
H W
3:38 5.9 ft:l6
B-.05 3.5 10:01
6:60 3.4 10:59
II w h w
I 1:05 0.8 8:28
2:07 —0.3 9:33
3:04| — 0.7| 10:30
1.
J.i
t:
B.i
8.!
4.:
3:52
4:36
5:28
L W
10:05
1:18
2:25
5.3 10:48
6.4> 11:56
5. Si
H W
8.1 6:26
3.2 7:30
3.2 8:31
1.1
0.7
. 5.7
5.9
: 6.1
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right .iand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign f— ) precedes the height.
nnd then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low water*.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
I>elanaw St. Michael July 25
Fulton Portland July 25
Walla Walla... I Victoria & Puget Sound July 28
Homer... Newport July 26
Aztec China and Japan July 26
Chllkat.. '.. Humboldt July 26
Willamette Seattle July 28
Wellington 'Departure Bay .......... July 2,
Marlpossa (Sydney July 27
Humboldt (St. Michael July 28
State Calif Portland July 2S
Santa Rosa San Diego July 28
Crescent City... Crescent City July 28
Mackinaw ITacoma ..' July 2S
Arcata Coos Bay .'. July 28
San 8ia5.:....:. Panama July 29
Orizaba :..:. Humboldt .'.... July 38
Coos Bay 'Newport .. July 30
Umatllla Victoria & Puget Sound July 31
North Fork Humboldt Aug. 1
Tlllamook St. Michael I Aug. 1
Grace Dollar... !f=t. Michael . .........lAug. 1
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Destination.
Queen Vie & P*t Sd.Uuly 25. 10 am Pier 9
Orizaba ....IHumboldt .... July 85, 10 axnIFler 9
North Fork i Humboldt ....| July 26. 9 am : Pier 2
r,,]timbla ..(Portland July 26, 10 amPler 12
Pomona ....|San D!eiro....l.luly 2fi. 11 amiPler 11
O:i»llc !Phlna& Japan] July 26, Ipm'PMPS
Starbuck ..iPanama (July 28. 12 m'PMPS
Horn or 'Xpwport I July 28, SamPlorll
Chllkat ....IHumboldt.... I July 28, 9 amlPler 13
Pulton lOregon Porta.lJuly 28, Bam|Pier2o
Santa Rosa! San Lilpro 'July 30, 11 am Pier 11
State of Ca! : Portland 'July 30, 10 amiPler 12
Walla U'....!V10 & Pet Sd.jJuly 30, 10 am Pier 9
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, July 24.
Stmr George Loomls, Brldgett, 36 hours from
s"mr a Lacuna, Errlcson, 20 hours from Bear
Harbor. Up river direct. ,__.*■
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund, 12 hours from
Point Arena.
Stmr Pomona, Debney, 69 hours from San
Diego
Stmr Columbia, Green, M hours from Port
land via Astoria, 40& hours.
Strr Coqullle River, Johnson, 16 hours from
rlor stmr Tltanla, Egenea. 85 hours from
Nanaimo. , M __
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 24 hours from Moss
Br sh?p Clan Macfarlane, Templeton, 127 days
Br ship Burmah, Jones, 135 days from Ant-
W Br'shlp Lord Templeton, McCracken, ISS days
from Hull via Newcastle, Eng 157 days.
Bark Big Bonanza, Bergman, 92 days from
. Schr Sacramento, Forest, 2 days from Frank-
P °Sohr Glendale, Johnson, 10 days from Bal
lard.
SAILED.
Sunday, Jury 24.
Ptmr Arcata, Reed, Coos Bay
Stmr Kodiak, Thomas, Kadiak.
Stmr Bpnlta Nlcolson, southern coast,
Br stmr King Chow! Cross, Nanalmo.
Tug Maggie, Ahues, Nehalem, with echr
Dewey In" tow, '
Br bark Auldglrth. McQonnell, Cape Town.
Schr J G Wall, Bjornstrom.
Schr Joseph Rups. Peterson.
Schr John A. Hellqulst, Eureka.
Bchr Dewey, Osrnundsen, Nehalem, In tow of
tug Maggie.
TELEGRAPHIC.
■ POINT ' LOBOS, July 24—10 p. m.— Weather,
■ foggy; wind, W; velocity, 20 miles. •
' . ; SPOKEN.
Per Lord Templeton— June 2— Lat 17 S, long
98 39 W, Br ship Alclnous from Ardrossan, for
San Francisco.
Per Clan Macfarlane— — American ship
showing letters L J N B in lat 54 22 S, long
SI 55.' . .. ■ •
: DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN ' PEDRO— Arrived July 24— Schr W S
Phelps. from Seattle. /•: - ••.:'.
SEATTLE— July 24— Ger ship Ferdi
nand Fisher, from San Diego. • . .
SAN DlEGO— Arrived July 24— Ausstmr Bur
ma. from Nanaimo." ' - '■'■ :
■ EUREKA— SaiIed July v 24— Schr Laura Pike,
for San Francisco; stmr :, Newburg, for San
Francisco. '■: t. ; . '. ■" V ■ •; •'
Arrived July 24— Stmr Chllkat, hence July 22.
'TATOOSH— Passed July 24— Ship Eclipse, frm
Seattle, for San Francisco. ■"• :
' REDONDO— Arrived July 24— Sch San Buena
ventura, from '■■ Grays > Harbor.'-,
"REDON DO— Arrived July 24 — Stmr Newsboy,
from Usal.
SAN PEDRO— July 24— Schr Twilight
from Eureka. : " ' ".' W' ;
ASTORlA— Arrived July 24— Stmr State of
California, hence July 22.
TACOMA— Arrived July 24— Stmrs Mackinaw
and Umatllla, hence July 20.
Sailed July 23— Stmr Lakme, for San Fran
cisco. July 24— Stmr Al-Ki, for Dyea. :
SAN PEDRO— Sailed July 24— Sen Ethel Zane
for Puget Sound. - •
FOREIGN PORTS.
SHANGHAI— SaiIed June 19— Br ship Austra
lia, for Royal Roads." -
June 25— Ship 1 Dirigo, for Puget Sound.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 24— Stmr La Gas
cogne, from Havre; stmr Auranla, from Liv
erpool; Btmr Cevlc," from. Liverpool. ?
i QUEEN STOWN— Arrived July 24— Stmr Pa
vonla, from Boston, : for Liverpool and "pro
ceeded. * • ■ .
Sailed July 24— Stmr Lucanla, for New York'
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed July 24— Stmr Koe
nigen Luis.- from Bremen, for New York
- PHILADELPHIA— Arrived ; July < 24— Stmr
Pcnnland Albrecht, from Liverpool.
/•"""V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
M*l&J*k KEABKT ST. Established
laHlrs&» in 1854 for the treatment of Private
al>r.a I>r. Gibbon's Dispensary,
02<*> KEABNT NT. Established
in 1554 for the treatment of Private
PiiefiSPß, Lost Man hood. Debility or
Sisraessssv < '"'a disease wearingonbodyandmlndand
lbjiSS&vv?v| Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
iSmcSii^fAi others fall. Try him. Charges low.
EsSiSscSaCa «'»»•«■« en a run «*•*■«!. Callorwrlte.
Dr. J. I. UIBBON, Box 1957, 5a0 Francisco.
OCEAN TBAV4&.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
hh. Steamers leave Broadway
lcj|fc^^^ wharf. San Francisco:
Vs-*s£y«Sk For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
ll^*&a®SS^ July 25. 30, August 4, 9, 14, 19.
HkHMTHI 24. transfer at Seattle.
i.«wE« jJHI For Alaskan ports (from Fol-
IHB^L<BMI som-street wharf). 10 a. m..
t '"'l^ltspsS August 3, 23, transfer at Port-
For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
C ) Port Townsend, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett,
Anacortas and New WHatcom (Wash ) 10 a.
m.. July 25, 30, August 4, and every fifth day
thereafter, connecting at Seattle with this
company's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry..
at Tacoma with N. P. Ry.. at Vancouver with
C P Ry
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 10 a. m.. July
25 31 August 6, and every sixth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Manterey, San Simeon.
Cayucos Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo),
Gaviota, Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme,
San Pedro East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m., July 24, 28, August 1, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m., July 22. 26, 30, August 3, and every fourth
day • thereafter. J, j
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. 18th of
each month.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hwirs of pnillne.
TICKET OFFICE— New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.,
■;.,-.: 10 Market st., San Francisco.
"" THE 0. R. &N. CO.
I MBPATCH FAST BTKAMERS TO
PORTLAND.
From FolßOtn-Btreet Wharf at 10 a. m.
C»DC $12 First Class Including BertH
IAnL 88 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS: - v : i :
Columbia July 2, 10. IS. 24
State of California July 6, 14, 22 30
St. Paul ./. $16 Oo|St. Louis $32 00
Kansas City 26 00 Chicago 27 50
Omaha 26 00 New York 31 00
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market at
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendent*.
Compagnfe Generals Transatlantics.
French Lino to Havre.
Company's Pier (new). 42 North T-TSBtt
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers <affls
by this line avoid both transit by *«"=»■■*=*»
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel In a small boat. New York to
Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first class, $160;
second elr.ss. $116.
LA GASCOGNE July 30. 10 a. m.
LA TOI'RAINE Aug. 6, 10 a. m.
LA BRETAGNE Aug. 13, 10 a m.
LA NORMANDIE Aug. 20, 10 a. m.
LA GASPOGNE Aug. 27, 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE " TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE. Agent.
No. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco.
ANCHOR LINE
United States Mail Steamships
Sail from New York every Saturday for
Glasgow via Londonderry.
Rates for Saloon Passage — of Rome $60-
other steamers, $50. ■
Second Cabin— $42 50; Furnessia, $37 M-
other steamers, $35. ■■ *
Steerage Passage— $25 60; Furnessia.
$24 50: other steamers, $23 50.
For Book of Tours and Information, apply to I
HENDERSON BROTHERS. General Agents. 7
Bowling Green, New York; or J. F. FUGAZI
5 Montgomery st. ; or L. F. COCKROFT. 114
Montgomery St.; or R. R. RITCHIE, 3 New
Montgomery St., San Francisco.
' The s - s - MARIPOSA
salls vla Honolulu and
ffil ■&$ filCßl w Auckland for Sydney
iff] "<S».^^a — iv. Wednesday, August ' 10, '
PP^BIBP at 2 p. m. MARIPOSA
BJNIHiI" 11 ' via Honolulu and
|fc B "^ Auckland for Sydney
~^ Wednesday, August 10,
iS I ' \at2p. m.
ilPJs(flSniD 6 ' Lln9 to COOLGAR-
G ' i^il«i,ii,. DIE - Australia, and
jP|r (o!llp3R^}*' CAPE TOWN, South
«*y » tI A f ricfl.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents,
- i ■. - '.: 114 Montgomery st.
FrelsM office— 327 Market St., San. Francisco.
FOR 0. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
-' . ■ Steamor "Moaticello."
Mon., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat
9:45 a. m., 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Theirs.)
Fridays ;..l p. m. and 8:30 p. »n.
Sundays .T>:3o a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and offices— Mission Dock, Pier S.
Telephone Red 2241.
KAILKOAD TBAVEL.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIB
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From June 1, IS9S, trains will run as follows:
South-bound. | North-bound. -
Passon- Mixed, Mixed, I Passen-
ger, Sunday • Sta- " Sunday! ger.
Daily. Exc'pted' tlons. Exc'pted Daily.
7:20 aml 9:00 a m Stockton I 3:45 pmi 5:40 p m
9:10 a m 12:50 p m Merced 12:50 pmi 3:53 pm
10:40 aml 3:50 p m ■ Fresno | 9:30 ami -2:20 pm I
11:35 a m C:45 p m Hanford ] 7:45 am; 125 p m
2:45 p m 11:60 p m B'k'rsfld j 2:30 a m 10:15 a m
12:05 m| 7:60 pmi Vlsalia I 0:40 a m 12:55 pin
.Stopping at intermediate points as required.
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
California Navigation -■ and Improvement Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco and Stockton at 6
p. m. daily, excepting Sunday from San Fran-
cisco; at Merced with stages to , and from
Snelllnps, Coultervllle, Yosemlte,' etc.; also
with stage from Hornltos, Mariposa, etc.; at
Lankershim with stage to and from Madera.
- MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausalitu 'Ferry.) ;
Leave San Francisco, commencing May I,
■ 1898: ■.■. ■ ■:. ■ ' '■:■■:-: ..<. . • ,. . -.: --..' ■ ■ ,
.Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 and 5:15 p. m.
Sundays— «:(>", 9:00. 10.00. 11:30 a. in., 1:45 and
1:80 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, $1.
THOS. COOK A SON, Agents, 621 Marks* ■
•treet, San Francisco.
AUCTION SALES.
BOOKS! BOOKS! BOOKS!
.A i THIS EVENING, AT 8 O'CLOCK.
Absolute Sale Without Reserve.
REMAINDER OF LIBRARY OF I. 0. 0. F.
10.000 VOLUMES OF STANDARD LITERATURE.
- Must be sold on or before WEDNESDAY.
July 27. • Fittings, furniture and miscellaneous
effects will be sold Thursday, July 2S, 2 p. m.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD, Auctioneer.
On View After 9 a. m.
RAILROAD TRAVEL. /
: -; ■ MOl/THKUM I*A« IFIC COMPAJJT.
'■_• ; (PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
Trnlna lenr« niiil lire tliifi to arrlT* at
&.;ij : -i '.KAN r'ltA*< !*«'«».
'i',. (Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
r.BAVB — ' FBOy July 10, 1898. — AKRTVX
•O:OOa Kfl«e, San Jose and Way Stations... *&:4Sa.
7:OOa Henicia, Suiann »nd Sacramento.... 10:43 a
7«OOa MarygTille, OroTille and Redding Tia
Woodland 5i45r
7>ooa Elmira>, V»cariUe »nd Runisey Bi43p
7:3Ua Mirtiner.. .Sau lUinon. Vallejo, Napa,
Cali'togam.il Santa. Rosa . 6:1 5p
•.; SsOOa Atlantic Express, Ogilen and K*gt.. 8:15p
• ::i«A San Jose, • Stockton, Valley Spring,
lone, Sacramento, Miiiyaville,
Chico, Tehama and Red liiulT. ... 41 « 1 3p
' **:30a Peters, Oakd<tle and Jamestown.... 7ils!>
•«iSOa Milton.,.. »7il3f
I»i«ua New Orleans Kipregg, Meroed, Fres-
no, Bakersfleid, Santa Hartiara,
I.OS Aii»flrs, Deming, El 1"» m/ ■
•.'■•■ New Orleans and East ' ' 8«4»p
IO:OOa VoUejo, Martinez and Way Station! . ?:4Kp
•l:«Op Sacramento Kiver Steamers , *»:O«p
San Jose, Niles ami Way Stations. . . : 1 (5 a
2:00p Llrermore, Meudota, Hanford and
Visalia 4:15p
....... Llvermore, San Jose, Niles and Way
Stations JIO: 15a
4iOOr Martinez, Han Ramon, Vatlejo,
Nana, Oalintoga, 151 Verano aud
Hantn Hosa 9il3a
4ioor Benfcia, Vacaville, Woodland,
Knights Landing, MarysTlUe, Oro-
Tllle .Sacramento 10:43 a
4:30p Niles. San Jose, Tracy and Stockton 7: 1 3 p
4:801- Stockton and Lodi 18:13*
•:30p Lathrop, Modesto, Merced, Fresno,
Mojave, Santa Barbara and Los
Angeles (. 7i4Sa
4:30p Martinez, Merced (Raymond for
Yosemite) and Fresno 12«15p
4taor Santa Pa Ilonte, Atlantic Impress
for Mojavi! and Kast 6:4.1 p
6iOOp nuropeau Mail, Ogilen and Kast.... »:4."Ja
•«:OOp Valiejo  ..' 12t13p
6iooi- iluynartiii. NuVsanil Ran .Tom 7:45 a
J7«oop Valiejo, Port Costa »nd Way Sta-
tions t9:4.1p
SiOOp Oregon Kxi<rcsB,Kiicramento, Marye-
ville, Iteil.liiin, Portland, Puget
,So lanilKimt S:1»A
SAN LSAHDItO AMI HAYWAIiDS LOCAL.
■ -•" (Foot of Market Street.)
1 IlelroNC, Seminar; fark, ( 7:l."Ja
»:OOa Flt<"lil»urc, Klmhurnt, '!9sl!! 9s 1!* A
iHSt Sun | lS an,lro,Soa.hSan J«:|^
jne:«o M ' LoreiiKO, Cherry • ( is43p
iit:OUp «nd }2:13p
3:00p Hiijnariln. i'i:ir.r-
7:00p i Runs through to Niles. 7:43p
) t From Niles \
COAST lUVIMON (Narrow <iaui?e).
Foot of Market Street.)
t?:43A Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Cruz
and Principal Way Stations JBiOSp
Ss 1 8 a Newark, Cen terrflle, San Jose.Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations.... 5»30p
*Bil3p Newark, Centerrille, San Jose, New .
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations "1O:5Oa
4:13p San Jose, Glenwood ft Way Stations 9:20 v
o4i!3p Boulder Creek and Sap ta Cruz j!l:2(>A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIS mnCISCO-F«et of Mtrktt Street (Slip 8)—
•7:16 9:00 ll:00*.M. tl:00 *2:00 13:09
•1:00 tS:OQ •6:30 p.m.
frcmOllUltD— root of Bro»dwty.— '6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
tI2:CO *l:00 12:00 *3:00 11:03 'S:oop.m.
COAST VISION (Broad Gauge).
(Third and Townssnd Sta.)
•7:00 a San Jose and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) ItSOp
17i30a Sunday Excursion for San Jose.
Santa Cruz, Pacific GroTe and
Principal Way Stations J»:S3p
9:*oa Han Jose, Tres I'inos. Santa Cruz,
Pacllic Grove Paso Robles, San
Luis Obispo, Guadalupe, Surf aud
Principal Way Stations 4>lor
lai-tOA Sau Joieand Way Stations «8:00 a
I1:3Oa San Jose and Way Stations *S:Bsa
•2i43p San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, .Santa Clara. San Jose.
Gilroy, Hollister, Santa Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacific
Gro»e *IO:SOa
•»:S«p San .lose and Way Stations # 9:«Oa
•4:13r San Jose and Princijal Way Stations 9:-13 a
•3:00p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:3* a
5:30p Bau Jose and Principal Way Stations s:3<>p
6:»Op Sail Jose and Way Stations 7:30p
tll:43t> San Jose and Way Stations 7;HOp
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
•Sundays excei>te<l. 1 Sundays only. ♦ Saturdays only
I Sundays and Mondays. a Saturdays and Sundays.
UK FRANCISGO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TUMu— Vmrn* ¥•* t Market Sib
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL-.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at I:s*
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 8:30, 11:00 a, m.; 1:10, S:M.
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:IO. 7:60, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45,
3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 8:40. 11:1* a. m. ; 1:40. 1:40.
6:00. 6:25 p. m.
Between Sac Francisco and Schuetsen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave . ' Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect I Sac Francisco.
. — June 29. ■
Week I Sun- IS9S. Sue- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination.! days. [ Days.
7:30 ami 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
1:30 pm I 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. ( 7:35 pm 6:22 pni
Fulton, T
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
■v. Geyserville,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. | 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
7:30 am " Hopland and ' 10:25 am
8:30 pm 8:00 am ( Uklah. 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
7:30 am • 1 ,-.. ' 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm • I | | 6:22 pro
7:30 ami 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 ami 8:40 am
. - ■ - and I
6:10 cm | 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm] 6:22 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami Sebastopol. 10:40 ami 10: am
8:30 pm] 5:00 prnj 1 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdal* for
the Geysers; at HopUnd for Duncan Springy
Highland Springs. Kelseyville, Carlsbad
Springs, * Soda Bay, Lakepcrt and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. .Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell. Lake, Upper
Lake, Porno. Potter Valley. John Day's, River-
Bide, Lierley's, Bucknell's, Sanhedrln Heights.
H.ullvllle, Boonevlile, Orr's Hot Springs, Men-
docino City, Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickau at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market st.. Chronicle bids.
A. W. FOSTER. R. X. RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO,
Every Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Cars
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Caps
. Run on tjia Following Time:
Leave San Francisco.4:3o p. m., S.M.T.W.T.F.S.
Arrive Denver 5:00 p. m., W.T.F.S.S.M.T.
Arrive Kansas City..7:oo a. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W.'
Arrive St. Louis 6:15 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.
Arrive Chicago 9:00 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Serve Superior Meals at Very Reason-
able Rates. "'^
YOU WILL BE COMFQUTARLB
IS You Travel on the Santa Pe.
SAN FBAIGISCB TICKET OFFICE — BZa MARKET' ST,
TELEPHONE MAIN 153 L :
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street.
San Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara St.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
From San Francisco, commencing May i, liii.
WEEK DAYS. -
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— ••S:00.
•9:30, 11:00 a. m.; n:4a, 3:20. *:00. 6:15, •6:00,
6:30 p. m. ■',:■:. ■ '. - <}.-: ■--■■■
Extra trips for San - Rafael on Mondays,
Wednesdays, Saturdays and Sundays at j 11:34
p. m. . ■~■: - ■ . ■- ■■ -. '.•■
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— •9:00.
•10:00, 11:00, 11:30 a. m.; 1:00, '1:45. »2:30, '4:08^
S:3O, 6:45 p. m. ■.-.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael. -
8:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Valley.
Trains marked • run to San Qnentin. ,
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'n*.
1:20 p, m. Saturdays — and way sta'ns.
6:15 p. m. week ■ days (Sat. ex.)— Tomales and
way stations. .-' . - ' - ' • ■
1:00 a. m. — Cazadero and way stations.
I;4S p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way sta'aa.
78
FACED DEATH
ON THE WAVE
Treasure-Seekers Have
Close Calls.
DETAILS OF TWO WRECKS
HOW THE EVANS AND BEACH
WERE LOST.
Ten Hours Consumed in Rescuing
the Passengers of One of the
Vessels After It Went
to Pieces.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
UNALASKA, Alaska, July 10.— The
steam schooner Noyo, under lease to
the Scandinavian Bank of Seattle, left
Seattle on June 21 at 6 p. m. for St.
Michael. The schooner had a deck
load of lumber for a 50 feet by 14 feet
by 3 feet stern wheeler; a 50-foot iron
boat, BO feet in length by 10 feet beam
and 3-foot hull; a steam launch 38 feet
by 10 feet by 6 feet, and lumber for a
schooner 40 feet by 12 feet by 2 1-2 feet,
besides X) lifeboats and canoes, 40 cases
coal oil, 2 barrels of oil and other
freight on a flimsy deck, hardly capable
of holding a few passengers. In the
hold was 300 tons, of freight. In her
small cabins were packed sixty-five
passengers, besides steerage and crew, i
In tow were two finely constructed j
river boats for the Yukon — the Alfred J. j
Evans, owned by Baltimore people, and i
the \V. J. Beach, owned by Chicago
people.
On the outward passage near Cape i
Flattery the 3-inch hawser between the j
Evans and Noyo parted and the Beach j
with a 3-inch hawser drifted into the
Evans, knocking her rudder off and
some of the decking. Just as the two
liver boats were drifting on the rocks
the Noyo caught them and started for
Port Angeles. At the latter place Cap
tain C. C. Hansen of the Noyo resigned
and took the train for his home in San
Francisco.
"I refused to take such boats to sea
and be responsible for the lives of i
those fools on the Evans and Beach," j
said Hansen
At this port The Call correspondent
was able to look over the Evans and ;
Beach. On the first were sixty-live
engers who had shipped as crew,
with about 350 tons of freight. On the
latter were twenty-seven passengers
who had shipped as crew, including five
women. No one on either boat had ;
ever been to sea before. Captain \V.
H. Edgett of Port Townsend took :
charge of the Noyo and after four days'
delay a second start was made. The '
tow line parted several times in smooth I
water and just what it would do at sea
no one could tell. At Dixon's Entrance
the gentle roll of the sea broke the hog i
chains of the Evans and she was soon
in a leaky condition and making a :
snake track over the waves. The flag
went up on the Evans with the Union
down, meaning "We wish to abandon
ship."
Finally the Evans and Beach were !
towed into an obscure port in Hawcan
harbor, Alaska, where she was left
with her sixty-five passengers. Just
how they will communicate with the
outside world none can tell unless some
boat happens in there. The captain of
the Noyo offered to take the Evans'
passengers, but just where they could |
be showed the captain did not inform
them, as the Noyo passengers j
are packed like sardines in a I
box and the food supply is so
unwholesome that those who are sea
pick and can't eat have a great advan
tage over those who are well. The lat
ter are all suffering with hunger or
dyspepsia. The Beach passengers set I
up a clamor to go ahead and the Noyo I
passengers joined in the general "kick"
to proceed, while the Evans people
"kicked" for time for repairs. Captain
ett was between the devil and the '
deep sea and he left port with the !
Beach in tow, the Evans people prom- i
Ising all kinds of revenge. Captain j
Lewis of the Evans says he will put ;
on his paddle wheel and beat the Noyo
to St Michael.
The ladies on the Evans remained
with their boat. The men had on their
Peattle togs for the Yukon and had the
appearance of a lot of museum freaks.
When about 300 miles out to sea, a
slight storm was encountered. The
Beach went to pieces on the morning
of July 4. and by the greatest kind of
luck the passengers were rescued from
the water. It took about ten hours to
do the rescue work, and as the Noyo
left the floating wreckage a lot of poor
dogs were pitting upon floating lumber,
barking to their owners to "come and
take us, too." The dogs were left to die
<>f thirst while the Noyo again turned
her head toward St. Michael.
Just about this time the thin upper
decking of the Noyo commenced work
ing and her passengers discovered that
the hatches were not closed and had
freight piled from top to bottom in the
hatch. With the deck house gone the
hold, would nil and the Noyo woiild join
the Beach at the bottom. The hungry,
the dyspeptics and the sick all joined,
and. working with might and main, got
the freight removed and the hatches
down about ?. a. m. on July 5. During
the panic much freight was thrown
overboard to lighten the overburdened
vessel and finally quiet was restored.
The negligence of the Seattle Collec
tor in clearing such a vessel is respon
sible for the trouble. Everybody on
board took the Noyo to be in good
shape simply because the Seandivanlan
Bank of Pent tie is running her.
Of the eighteen California passengers
aboard the Noyo. James McAnnlr.h of
Forest Hill proved himself the hero of
the hour in working to save the
Beach's passengers.
RALPH JAMES.
FRENCH THEORY FOR
BRITISH NAVAL ACTIVITY
Belief That Great Britain Fears
America's Growing Power More
Than Russia.
Special cable to Th» Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. 1893, by Jump* Gor
don n*>nnett
PARIS. July 24.— Mr. Goschen Intro- I
duced the supplementary naval budget In •
the House of Commons with the assur
ance that the step was not aggressive.
This statement has been ironically com- S
mented upon here. The papers regard
it as threatening. Le Journal dcs Debuts
Fays it is not possible to believe Russian ,
naval activity was the real reason for this
strengthening of the British marine.
Mr. Goschen, It adds, while ostensibly
looking toward the East was really in
thought regarding the West.
The Debats then builds up an elaborate !
theory to prove that England fears the
new born naval power across the Atlantic
and that she is anxious to be on the safe
side.
None of the papers seem to think Eng
land's naval activity is a good hint, yet
that It Is so is proved by the general way
the Idea of a conflict between France and
England Is poou-poohed. This might not
be tne case if they did not think England
was strong enough to hold her own.
Denis Guibert utters solemn warnings !
that France should be in a position to I
defend her colonies or terrltorv were
they threatened, presumably, by England
or America.
A. de Mangny in Gaulois takes Mr.
Gosehen to task for having introduced
Russia's name into nis remarks, while
approving the way in which he reduced to
proper proportions the fears excited in
certain parliamentary bosoms by rumored
visits of French warships to the Channel
Islands.
ARRIVES AT MADRID
TO LABOR FOR PEACE
Miss Jessie Schley Disobeys the
Command of Her Father, the
Admiral's Cousin.
MADRID (via Paris), July 24.— Miss
Jessie Schley, delegate from the Peace
Society of Paris, has arrived at Madrid
with the intention, it is asserted, of in
terviewing members of the Cabinet
with a "humanitarian object."
Miss Schley is the daughter of
Charles Schley of Milwaukee, who is a
cousin of Commodore Schley. She Is a
member of the Daughters of the Revo
lution. It was announced from Paris
last week that she was about to start
for Madrid to see the Queen Regent
and Senor Sagasta with a view of
bringiner about peace and then proceed
to Washington to visit President Mc-
Kinley in the same interest.
Last Friday the Milwaukee Sentinel
announced that Miss Schley's father,
i>n learning of his daughter's intention,
had instructed her to return home im
mediately, disapproving her course and
excusing it as the result of a warm,
sympathetic nature and a special en
thusiasm for philanthropic and peace
movements.
ISLA DE LUZON TO
CARRY PRISONERS
Spanish Auxiliary Cruiser Will Be
Sent to Santiago to Take
Troops Home.
Sperlßl rable to The Tall and the New York
Herald. C■! yrighted. 189 S. by James Gor
don Bennett.
GIBRALTAR. July 24.— The Isla de
Luzon will leave Cadiz for Santiago to
bring home Spanish troops. The I!ritish
Illustrious will proceed to Tangier on
Tuesday. Admiral Camara is going to
("cuto after repairing the I'elayo's en
gines, which broke down before reaching
Carthagena. Ceute will be the Spanish
base of operations.
EMILE ZOLA HAS
NOT BEEN FOUND
But the Paris Newspapers Have Lo
cated Him at All Points of
the Compass.
Special cable to The fall and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. IS9B, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PARIS, July 24.— M. Zola's flight has
given a note of gayety to the papers
here for the past few days. He would
possess the gift of übiquity Indeed were
he in all the plr.ces where his presence
is telegraphed to the French press. In
Ostend, Fale, Brussels, Geneva, every
where in fact, except France, is he re
ported to be staying. To-day the Etoile
Bays he has arrived at the Spa with
Mme. Zola and a lap dog. Here, how
ever. Just as In all other towns I have
just mentioned, I visited hotel after
hotel without finding a trace of the
novelist. The reason for this may be
found in a telegram from Antwerp to
the Libre Parole, which says that Zola
is leaving that port for Norway at 5
o'clock. Like every other dispatch on
the same subject, this is "riven as ab
solutely authentic. In the meantime
M. Zola has not yet been found, and
the crop of duels growing out of the
affair gives quite a cheerful idea of life
in this hot weather.
CHANCE CONTINUES TO
PLUNK THE SPHERE
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pc. I Clubs— W. L. re.
Cincinnati ...57 28 .871 IPlttsburg ....43 40 .518
Boston 63 2.i .646 Philadelphia 37 41 .474
Cleveland ....51 31 .622 1 Brooklyn ....32 47 .405'
Baltimore ....47 32 59 I Washington .30 51 .370
New Y0rk... .43 37 .538 Louisville "V;. 29 EG .345
Chicago 46 40 .53.1, St. Louis 21 62 .297
CHICAGO. July 24.— The Cleveland*
played championship ball to-day, fielding
perfectly and batting Callahan very hard.
Powell was a puzzle to all the locals ex
cepting Chance. Chllds 1 fielding was very
brilliant. Attendance 6100. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 3 5-4
Cleveland 9 15 0
Batteries — Callahan and Chance: Powell and
Crlger. Umpires — O'Day and McDonald.
CINCINNATI, July 24.— Rain prevented
the playing of a double header to-day.
The game was played on soggy grounds.
Dammann was driven to the bench in the
second inning by a series of bunts which,
together with his own errors, netted two
runs. Breltenstein, who succeeded him,!
allowed but one scratch hit in the seven
Innings. In the seventh inning Steinfeld I
i hit Corcoran in the head with a thrown
ball, seriously injuring him. Attendance I
7209. Score:
Clubs- R. H. E.
Cincinnati 6 7 3
Plttsburs; 5 7 1
— Dnmmann. Hreltensteln and Peltz:
Rhinos and Schrlver. Umpires— Gaffney and
Brown.
LOUISVILLE, July 24.— The tailenders
had a battle royal to-day. The Colonels
won in the ninth off Tucker's muff. Hoy's
stolen base, Sugden's wild throw and an
outfield hit. Score:
ciubs— R. H. E.
j Louisville 2 3 0
St. ' Louis 1 7 2
Batteries— Mngee and Klttredße; Hughes and
j Suitden. Umpires— Emslle and Hunt.
SPOKANE, July 24.— Score:
i Clubs- R. H. E.
I Rnokane 6 9 3
i Seattle 5 9 1
: TACOMA, July Score:
Clubs— R. H. K.
I Tacoma 2 4 i\
Portland 8 6 1
.
OFFICERS MAY PfIEVENT
CORBETTM'COY FIGHT
Sheriff and District Attorney of Erie
County Talk of the
Match.
BUFFALO. N. V., July 24.— When asked
what he intended to do should an attempt
! be made to bring off the Corbet-McCoy
| light in Erie county, Sheriff Kilgallon
! raid :
"The light is a long way off and there
Is plenty of time In which to act. It is
I too early in the game to do anything. I
i nm not sure that the proposed contest
! will be Illegal. As soon as I see it ad
vertised in the newspapers I will call the
matter to the attention of the District
Attorney."
District Attorney Keneflck said he did
not know anything about the proposed
fight. The Sheriff was the executive offi
cer of the county and until he made some
complaint the District Attorney was pow
erless. Mr. Kenefi-ck assured the public
that the law would be maintained.
Change in Wales' Plan.
Special rable to The Tall and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. 189S, by James Gor
don Bennett.
MARIEXBAD. July 24.— An accident to
the Prince of Wales has caused a decided
change in his plans. I have it on the
best authority that the order for rooms
for August 10 has been countermanded. .
Construction Boat Reaches Santiago.
WASHINGTON, July 24.— The quarter
master general to-day received a tele
gram announcing the safe arrival at Ban
tia.k < ) <if the (instruction boat Panama.
Sne will proceed at once to Porto Rico to
join the fleet there.
Don Carlos Hurries to Switzerland.
LONDON, July 2!">.— Don Carlos, the
Spanish pretender, according to a dis
patch from Brussels to the Daily Mail,
has hurriedly started to Switzerland.
Hanford Pioneer Bead.
HANFORD, July 24.— D. S. Mouser,
86 years old, a pioneer of this vicinity,
died last night
THE SAN" FBAXCISCO CALL., MONDAY, JULY 25, 1898.
BURNED ALMOST TO A CRISP.
MRS. KATE MCCARTHY, 28 Sheridan Street, Poured
Coal Oil Into Her Kitchen Stove, With Dis
astrous Results to Herself and Son,
The desire to quicken the fire in the kitchen stove nearly cost Mrs. Kate
McCarthy, 28 Sheridan street, her life yesterday morning. As it is she is
in a critical condition from burns on her body, arm? and face.
About 10 o'clock she prepared the fire to cook breakfast for herself and
two boys. She placed a piece of paper and some sticks of kindling wood in
the stove, and aa Bhe was in a hurry she took a can of kerosene oil,
which was about half full, and poured the oil on top of the wood. There
had evidently been some live embers from the previous night's fire, as a
bright flame shut up from the stove and the bottom of the can was
blown out, the burning oil being scattered over the unfortunate woman.
Frantic with pain, she endeavored with her hands to smother the
flames, and if it had not been for the presence of mind of her elder son
James, a boy of 17 years of age, she would have been burned alive. He
was reading a newspaper in the kitchen at the time, and without a
moment's hesitation rushed Into his bedroom and seizing the blankets from
the bed hastened back and wrapped them round his mother, extinguish
ing the flames.
The ambulance was summoned and Mrs. McCarthy was taken to the
Receiving Hospital. Dr. Wei! found that she was badly burned about the
chest, back, face, arms and hands. The skin of her hands pi fled off as if
the doctor had been taking off her gloves. She had fortunately kept her
eyes closed. Dr. Weil has hopes of her recovery.
The boy James walked to the hospital and had his hands attended to.
They were severely burned in his efforts to save his mother. Mrs. Mc-
Carthy's husband is employed in the gas works at Fifth and Howard
streets and was at work when the accident occurred.
Some one turned in a fire alarm from box 185, but the services of the fire
men were not required.
While the Fire Patrol on Eddy and Polk streets was going to the fire one
of the axles of the wagon broke at Mission and Tenth streets and the men
were thrown to the ground, but none of them were injured.
JAMES WREN
WAS MOBBED
BY BETTORS
Exciting Scenes at
Union Park.
FAVORITE'S CHANCES RUINED
THE "SLIPPER IS BLAMED BY
THE ANGRY SPECTATORS.
He Stumbled at a Critical Point *n
the Final Course as the
Dogs Were Bsing
Released.
Owing: to an unfortunate bungle in the
slipping of the last brace of dogs left to
run for the all-age stake at Union Cours
ing P.-;rk yesterday, the favorite. Vanity
Fair, was never in the running. The bet
tors, who were down heavily on Curtis &
Son's fawn greyhound, mobbed James
Wren, the slipper, as he left the field.
A murmur of disappointment ran
through the Mg crowd as the dogs left
the slips. They were released together,
but John Kerrigan's Lady Blanche had
opened a lead of some six lengths before
Vanity Fair seemed to got started. The
h;ire was not a strong one and the favor
ite had hardly got under way before the
n iiirsf- was over.
Instead of starting at once for the train,
as is th^lr custom, the crowd gathered at
the fence and awaited the return of tho
slipper from the field. As he approached
the inarticulate murmur of the mob grew
in Intensity. Men and women jostled one
another in an effort to gain a point of
vantage near the field. "Wren walked up
stolidly to face the trouble.
"Why didn't you hold her with a rope?"
was the first question fired at him by a
spectator.
This was the signal for a perfect tor
rent of abuse heaped upon the man who
was responsible for the bad slip. As he.
walked down to the exit from the field
the crowd followed him. One woman, in
a Frenzy of excitement, shouted, "Kill
him! the robber, the thief!" The cry of
"robber" was tak^n up by the men and
w:is mingled with hisses and groans. As
Wren left the field and reached the bet
ting ring the special police and his per
sonal friends surrounded him and pushed
| back the mob.
The women, more insistent than the
sterner sex, still kept un their cry of kill
! him. The progress of the crowd was fln
' ally stopped by the bar. Wren's friends
: bad succeeded in nuietlng the mob for the
time being and then gave three cheers
! for him. He was hurried to hi.« room,
and the angry bettors made their way
t" the train. They were in no amiable
frame of mind and a number of minor en
i counters ensued before the grounds were
cle:ir< '1.
According to Wren's explanation the
trouble was caused by an Inopportune ac
cident, liable to occur at any time. It
was one that would excite but little com
ment if it occurred in any except the final
rounds of the stake. When the hare was
the customary distance ahead of the dogs
I Wren started with them, both being
I sighted onAheir game. Wren hnd barely
left the beS>h. upon which he sits, when
he stumbled losing his balance and unin
tentionally unleashing the dogs. At the
moment Lady Blanche was in the proper
: position for starting and as quick as a
| flush bad settled down to her stride.
Not so with Vanity Fair, the favorite.
Her front legs were Inclined backward.
I and when the pressure of the slips was
i taken from her neck she stumbled. Before
I she could get going her opponent had
opened up a commanding lead. The hare
was not a strong one and Vanity Fair
was not fairly in the running before the
red flag went up, signaling the victory of
Lady Blanche.
Curtis & Sons, owners of Vanity Fair,
had more than their share of misfortune
during the day. Maud S, which was
played in the long odds book to win the
stake, was thrown out In the fourth
round. She wns drawn against Lady
Blanche the ultimate winner, and was
expected to score. The first hare up was
a poor one and Judge Bull signaled to
hold the dogs.
This was done and they were taken,
back for another trial. In their excite
ment to get away the dogs jumped about
and Maud 5 backed out of the slips. She
went after the hare and after a long
course killed. She was returned to the
slips at once and was badly beaten.
In the actual running the most sensa
tional course of the day was that be
tween Flying Buck and Lady Blanche in
th.' fifth round: Odds of sto 1 were
offered on The Buck. To the delight of
the bettors Lady Blanche scored every
point but one. The hare was a clinker,
leading the dogs across the field and
finally making its escape.
In the fifth round of the puppy stake
Golden Russet was drawn against Mac's
Melody, while Sunburst was to run a bye.
As Russet and Sunburst are owned by
K. V. Sullivan, he elected to run Sun
burst in the final, withdrawing Golden
Russet. Mac's Melody won. The results
of the day's sport follows:
All-aRe stake, second round— E. V. Sullivan's
Flying Buck beat Alfred Halgh's Hadiwist;
H. E. '!•■ B. Lopez' Minneapolis beat Curtis &
Bon'i a filer's Moid: S. E. Portal 1 Laurelwood
II beat Curtis & Son's Commodore; Georre
Whitney's Therein beat D. Winder's Arno- T
.T. Cronln's Magnet beat Thomas McEldowney's
The Gossoon; John Kerrigan's Lady Blanche
beat J. Hi Smith's Bendlgo; Curtis & Son's
Mau<! S beat E. v. Sullivan's Pretender: Cur
tis & Bon's Vanltv Fair beat E. V. Sullivan's
Kiifiit Bower; E. A 11. Scott's Lord Byron beat
! Al Austin's Douglas; P. J. O'Dcnnell's Coun
■ terfeit beat A. H. Boas'!) Obadiah; Curtis &
Son s Chartist beat A. Johnson's Tod Sloan; E.
v. Sullivan's Jesse Moore I~U R. k. do B
Lopez' Green Valley Main.
Third round— Flylnß Buck beat Minneapolis-
Tneron beat Laurel wood; Lady Blanche beat
Magnet : Maud 8 beat Lord Byron; Vanity Fair
beat Counterfeit- Jesse Moore beat Chartist
t , our i h round— Flyinp Buck beat Theron:
Lady Blanche beat Maud S; Vanity Fair beat
Bll¥v°aly n Fa^ a a dy bye BlanChe beat FIV ' nS
) i.tii round— Lady Blanche beat Flying
iHi'-k: vanity Fair p bye.
Final— blanche beat Vanity Fair.
Puppy stake, second round— B. &S. "kennel's
Belle of Seville beat E. V. Sullivan's Maid of
Erin; E. \. Sullivan's Golden Russet beat D
.1. Healey 8 Sheridan; G. Sharman's Wait a
Little beat E. and R. Scott's Daisy Deane;
Pasha kennel's Rest Assured beat .i J Ed
monds Washington*; John Kerrigan's St <;.-
trude beat H. R. Baldwin's Brutus; John
I-.at-an s It. Gladstone beat Larkey & Rocks'
V lb , c , rt >' Bell; B. V. Sullivan's Flyaway beat
J. Monkhouse's Miss Skyrocket; Bartels Bros.'
Macs Melody beat T. Hall's Miss Skyball: B
& S. kennel's Beauty Spot beat London's Mag
nctto; E. V. Sullivan's Sunburst beat J. J Ed
mond s Morning Glory.
Third round— Golden Russet beat Belle of
Seville; Rest Assured beat Walt a Little: B
Gladstone beat St. Gertrude; Mac's Melody
beat Flyaway; Sunburst beat Beauty Spot
Fourth round— Golden Russet beat Rest As
sured; Mac's Melody beat H. Gladstone; Bun
burst a bye.
,o Fl ,1 al round— Mac's Melody beat Sunburst
(Uolden Russet withdrawn).
AT INGLESIDE.
Short End Players Received
Occasional Comfort and
Much Coin
A packed grand stand and several hun
dred people in the adjacent grounds Baw
Mialmo go out and land the stake at in
grleside yesterday, it was a day r torrid
sport. Seventy-two doga were in the con
test at the outset. Of the number at hast
twenty were thought to oave a show at
the timil drip. The knowing onos played
Mialmo and Gladiator, the latter getting
rather the bulkier bank roll. Be waa in
vincible until he met his kennel mate
i Mialmo in the semi-final, and he then
went promptly to his kennel.
In the main the favorites proved
worthy their backing- throughout the day.
Still the short end players were not with-
OUI occasional comfort. Tom Bell started
it in the initial course by putting out the
6 to 2 favorite Rosalie. Masterpiece also
Jarred the "push" by defeating v.m
Needa. Lass o' Gowrle ran away from
ilobson In a working course, the latter
! selling favorite at 2 to 1. Some of Uie un
knowing ones made Old Glory favorite
over Crosspatch at 2 to l. Crosspatch
was the one dog in the course.
Mohawk beat the fleet Terrona, the .at
ter a 2 to 1 favorite and played as a stake
winner in the long odds book. Hot Stuff
beat the 5 to 4 favorite Myrtle; Mialmo
ran ring* around the G to 4 favorite Koo
lawn in a bye; Cladlatnr added to the
sorrows of 1 errona in a bye with Ter-
I rona, a "pipe" at 5 to 3; Crosspatch ad
i ministered another defeat to Koolawn
| in a bye, the latter the choice at 5 to 3.
Koo Lawn's work was most disappoint
| ing to her backers. She lost to Gladiator
In her first course through a short course
and a course that went no whit to her
discredit. But in the two byes which she
afterward ran it was seen that long or
short she was not in trim to win a course.
Mialmo's work was of the red letter
: order. For some time she has been in
poor condition, but she was not so yester
: Bay. She ran as she was wont to run last
fall, when she was given to landing al
most every stake in which she was en
tered.
The Eastern dog Hot Stuff put up work
consistent with his name. It was his best
performance since landing on the coast.
He put out everything with ease until he
met the stake winner Mialmo, and he
made a gallant fight to the end.
Terrona was deemed a good thing at the
outset on the grounds of speed. Terrona
was speedy, but Mohawk got in some of
his close work on the hare and Terrona
was a loser. Crosspatch, the runner up,
was a hard and consistent worker
throughout the day. In the final she was
on the short end at six and seven to one,
but odds were not warranted. She held
to Mlalmo throughout and the course was
at an end only when the kul was accom
plished.
The running in detail was as follows:
D. Flynn's Tom Kell beat C. Brown's Rosa
lle; R. W. Wyman's Rush o f Hill beat T. J.
Cronin's Reliable; .1. Shea's Ratbone beat S. E.
Portal's LlKhtning; Kay & Trant's Masterpiece
boat I. J. Rush's Van Needa; Kay & Trant's
CroßSpatCh beat Larkey & Rock's Peaceful
Glen; Deckelimn & Panarlo'a Old Glory beat
D. Hooper's Bendalong; D. Shannon's Swlnner
ton ran a bye; J. Sheehan's Lass o' Guwrle
beat J. Baddely'a Hobaon; I. L. Scan' Hot
Stuff heat J. Quane'f! Marietta; J. Quano's
Tbad Btevena l>p;.t D. Kab»r's liclle of Moscow;
Larkey & Rock's Myrtle beat D. .Shannon's
Systematic: P. Brophy'a Benicla Boy brat J.
O'Dowd's Clifton Lass; .1. Byme'B Mohawk
beat .1. McCormick's Rapid; Pembroke Kennel's
Terrona beat Gibson & Morrla' Monitor; J.
Dean's Gladiator beat I). Hooper's Koolawn;
J. Deans Mlalmo beat Deckelman & Panario's
(ilen Chloe; Lowe & Thompson's I'rlnce Hal
heat Kay & Tranfs Chit Chat; O. Smart's
Si!kiv i beat Lowe & Thompson's Sir Willful.
Second ties— Tom Bell beat Rush o' Hill; Rat
bone beat Mafcterplece; Crosspatch beat Old
Glory; Swlnnerton beat Lass o' Gowrie; Hot
St\iff beat Tha.l Stevens; Myrtle beat Benlcia
Hoy; Mohawk beat Terrona; Gladiator beat
I'rint-e Hal; Mialmo beat Sllkwood.
Third ties— Katbone boat Tom Hell; Cross
patoh boat Swinnertnn; Hot Htuff beat Myrtle;
Gladiator beat Mohawk; Mi&lmo ran a bye.
Fourth ties— Crnsßi.atrli beat Ratbone; Mlalmo
beat Hot Stuff; Gladiator ran a bye.
Fifth ties- Mialrr.o beat Gladiator;* Crosspatch
ran a bye.
Final— Mialmo beat Croespatch and won the
stake.
LOS ANGELES COURSING.
The Sport Rapidly Growing in
Popularity — Winners in a
Big Stake.
LOS ANGELES, July 24.— There seems
to be no decrease in the popularity of
coursing in this city. (3n the contrary,
every succeeding Sunday seems to bring
out a •till larger crowd. At Agricultural
Park to-day there was a forty-dog stake.
It being necessary to increase the number
In order to accommodate the entries. The
old favorites were out in force and there
were several new dogs In the field.
In the run-offs Sunset heat El Monte Girl;
Don Orslnl beut Little Dick; Stella beat Ben
erlnn; leaker Boy beat Turk; Dnneaster beat
Santa Ann Boy; Fleet foot beat The Ghost; Na
poleon I beut Clover Leaf; Crow Dog beat
Lucky Jack; Juanita beat Lady Agnes; Little
Brown Jug beat Buck Masale; Fleetwood beat
Sir Jasper; Reliance beat Bonnie Belle; Ori
ental beat Fair Rosaline; Uncle Tom beat Cata
llna; Lady Wallace beat The Ghost a bye;
Orpheum Lavs beat Beau Brummel; Kitty
Bcott beat B B ami B; Snooze heat Matinee;
ABC beat Grazer; Home Kule bc-at Cleo
patra.
In the first ties Don Oreinl beat Sunset; Stella
beat Baker Boy; Doncaater beat Fleet foot;
Crow Dor beat Napoleon I: Juanlta beat Little
Brown .Jug after a tie; Reliance beat Fleet
wood; Oriental beat Tncle Tura; Orpheum Lass
Lady Wallace; Kitty Scott beat Snooze;
A B C beat Home Rule.
In thf second tips St.-lla beat Don Orslnl;
Donca-stor beat Crow Dog; Reliance beat Juan
lta; orpheum Lass beat Oriental after a tie;
Kitty Scott boat A B ( '.
In thr thlr.l ties Stella beat Doncaster; Or
pheum Laps beat Reliance; Kitty Scott beat
Grazer a tie.
In the fourth ties Orpheum Lass beat Stella;
Kitty Scott beat B B and B a bye.
In the finals Kitty Soc.tt heat Orpheum Lass,
with Orpheum Lass second, Stella third, the
rust divided. •
AT THE PARK AND CLIFF.
Soldiers Indulge in Interesting
Aquatic Sports at Sutro Baths.
It was dreary occupation searching: for
pleasure at the park and cliff yesterday.
The sun was obscured a goodly portion
of the day by drifting fog banks ami the
trees and were glittering with the
precipitation. In consequence the usually
snug corners and recesses around the
band stand in the park and alonp the
cliff out by the sea were practically dc
i. At the Chutes there was a good
attendance.
The aquatic sports attracted a large
crowd to Sutro baths. The juvenile races
wpre very exciting, and A. Adams, a
now-comer, won in the remarkable time
of. 33 seconds, considering: that the young
ster i.s about 10 years old.
The following is a list of the winners:
50-yard juvenile dash— A. Adams first, L.
cond.
75-yard Juvenile dash— G. Stark first, K.
Adams second.
K-board diving — Fred Burnett first. G.
La I '■ Bta second.
130 yard !ash i handicap)— G. Ringrose first,
C, Miller second.
Under water swimming contest— F. McDermid
won easily, distance inn feet.
Trick and fancy, trapeze and high diving—
Otto Schulte first. C. Cook second.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
; Q TI Williams, Cal C R Glass, San Ramon
Mr.- I" a Bond, Texas 0 R Hiptrs. Tacoma
<; W Shores. Los Ang M P Morgan & w.Wash
W Foorse, V 8 A W .1 Boring & w, Wash
H T Jones, Cal N Wines, Truckee
.T 0 lacre, '".il H E Marker & \v, Cal
P Brown, Denver J O'Donnell, Boston
]•: Kay. Chicago E G Morris, Boston
I W H Illft & \v, Or G Sutherland & w, Mn
.Mi*; (' H Wynn, Cal Miss- A Alden, St Louis
T>r Maddock, Stockton Miss I. Alden, St Louis
a X Nash & \v. Cal H It Loose, Bodie
Mrs J D Nash & d, ("al D A Laub, San Mateo
j E W Johns. Ventura W FOrree, U S A
HC Johns, Ventura .1 S 'White. Ogden
Mrs S D Mllligan, Pal T Fitzgerald, <>g,ien
A s Brown, Riverside L C Windsor & w Cal
P Mi rse & w. Cal I' Ruhlman, N V
1> P Brush, Portland H <; Melon, Sacto
C P Cox ft v. Delano C H Schlveley, Oroville
C P Bailey &w. Cal ] 1I a ILrton &■ w, i'al
)( Jusley & w. Dawson s Hirst. Vaiipjo
Mrs Epplnger, Dawson C W Porter, T^>s Ang
1' c Brown & w, N V B T Cadley, Stockton
PALACE HOTEL.
J Eaton. Fresno Mrs Sutherland. Mo
CII Corey. San Jose Miss Althen, Mo
Mrs •' Corey, San Jose Miss A Altehn. Mo
; H Hudson, St Louis l>r Galbraith, Omaha
Mrs <; Lun<*. Cal W T Dalby, S Lake
I. Idler, SI la«uls T Van Culm. Denver
1 E Lungstras, st Louts Mr.- C B Baker, Cal
X S Tarr, N V N Keeler, (Cincinnati
T McMurray, N V M Rosenberg;, N J
M Kahn. Perm .1 C Kemp, Hodaon
W H Thatcher. N V , M Donohoe. Mont
F 7> Heffron, N V |.J Hay. S Africa
H if Rlchter, Cal iMlsa Hay, S Africa
W E Travis. Tkiah .7 R Robson, N V
C \mes, Seattle - Stone, Marysvllle
G Sutherland. St Louis Mrs Ptone, Marysville
BALDWIN HOTEL.
II r>nmmlr-k, Vallejo E T)putsch_Vallejo
G Freeman, U S N Mrs Nathan & fm, Cal
J Ludwig, Vallejo H Bell, Bacto
F Marlowe, Chicago P Swain, i-'nn Jose
X Curren, VaHjjo L Vetter, Austin
.1 Franklin, Omana If Hass, Austin
A Moore. Oakland C Shaw. Stockton
G Conroy, i»iikl:\nd R 0 Hose, Stockton
j Johnson, Oakland n Rice, s Africa
J .7 Smith. X V V >l A Batchelder, S Africa
H Wright, Stockton )i Batchleder, ii wton
Mrs H Wright, Stcktn W B Davis, Kansas C
N Abrams, Hanfi>rd R Doneley, Kansas Cy
p Henry, Frea 10 B Thomas, Denver
p Fisher. Redding J C Christian. Salt L
J Hennessey, Wyo R Parker, Phlla
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Finnepnn, Dallas 1.7 Hoyr, Alaska
: j E FinneKan, Dallas W Harwlck, Modesto
.1 Mvler. Cal Q A Rule. Vallejo
J LnUKhrey. Poston A I" Burns. Mare Is
i J Thomas. SactO Miss Klttman. Minn
.7 Todhunter, Sacto C Harding, Hi
c Todhunter, towa Mrs Harding, 111
\v W Wood, Sacto P Worth, Cal
A Miller, Merced G Clark, Vacaville
\V II McDonald, »'al B Cuniminps, Xiles
j A J Bone, Winters C A West, Cal
SAN FRANCISCO CALL
BUSINESS OFFICE of th*> San Francisco
Call, corner of Market ami Third streets, open
until U o'clock every nipht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— *27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
387 Hayes street; open until f'::!0 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
(U;> I-arkln street; open until '.1:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o" clock.
22W Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until » o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; opep until 9 o'clock.
'J.'IH; Mission ."trt^ot; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. comer of Twenty-second and Iventucky
streets,, open until it o'clock.
SPECIAL, NOTICES.
TO whom it may concern — The liquor tirm
known as "The Commodore," corner Natoma
and Second f-ts., BARRY & SMITH, proprie-
tors, hus been dissolved, HARRY retiring and
SMITH assuming all debts and responsiblll-
JOHN BARKY.
JESSIE RAYPEXTR, alcohol baths and mas-
sage. 101 Eddy at., rooms 12 and 14.
BAD tenants ejected for «; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 416 Montgomery Bt.. room 6; tel. 6580.
ALVIN'E HALL and assistant; genuine cabinet
baths. 16Vj Turk and Ills Market rms. 15-16.
DIVIDEND NOTiC-S.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 83 (fifty cents
per share) of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
pany will he payable at the office of the enm-
jiany, 327 Market St., on and alter August 1,
1898. Transfer books will close on Tuesday,
July 26. 1596, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H.-tSHELDON, Secretary.
MEETING * fOTlCßS^__^____.
CING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260, F. A j
and A. M.. Franklin Hall. * ™"VV
more St.— Third degree THIS ( MO g"./^\
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. By V >
order of the Master. _ .„_.
HARRY BAEHR. Secretan.
)CCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22, F. and A. ft
M.— Called meeting THIS (MONDAY) -#%- •
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock sharp. /W\
G. W. ROOT, Secretary. '
rHE regular annual meeting of the rtock- 3
holders of the Waldeek Sanatorium will be
held at 717 Jones st. TUESDAY EVENING,
August 2, at S:3O o'clock.
E. E. KELLY, Secretary.
VNNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meeting
of stockholders of the Hakalau Plantation
Company will he held at the office of the
company. 327 Market St.. San Francisco, Cal., .
on MONDAY, the Ist day of August, 1898, at (
the hour of 11 o'clock a m., for the purpose
of electing a Board of Directors to serve for
the ensuing year and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet- -
Ing. Transfer books will close on Friday, I
July 29, 1898. at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary. j
rHE regular annual meeting of the Pacific
Coast Dredging and Reclamation Company •
will be held at the office of the company, 36 '
Steuart street, San Francisco, California, on
TUESDAY, the 2nd of August, ISSS, at 3
o'clock p. m., for the purpose of electing a 1
Board of Trustees to serve during the en-
suing year and the transaction of such other
business as may come before the meeting.
M. J. MADISON, Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting of the Risdon Iron and (
Locomotive Works— annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Risdon Iron and
Locomotive Works, fcr the election of trus-
tees for the ensuing year and the transac-
tion of such other business as may be
brought before the meeting, will be held at 1
the office of the company, southeast corner
of Beale and Howard streets, San Francisco. :
on MONDAY, the Ist day of August, 1898, ]
at 11 o'clock a. m. L. R. MEAD. Secretary.
OPLOYM EXT OFFICES.
PACIFIC Employment First-class se-
lect help. 535 Market at.; phone Clay 130.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman; good cook
and house worker; $12 to $15; city or country.
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter St.
yOUNG Swedish girl wishes place to assist In
housework; $10 to $12. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st. :
NORWEGIAN second girl; good seamstress or
would take care of children; best references.
MRS, NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS German cook wishes situation;
understands her work in all branches. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter St.
I SWEDISH houseglrls wish situations; strong
and willing; good cooks; $20. Apply MRS.
NORTON, Swedish and German Employment
Bureau, 313 Sutter st. ; telephone Green 721.
COMPETENT young German girl desires situa-
tion as nurse or housework; $10 to $15; refer-
ences. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COMPETENT German cook and housework
girl desires situation; 3 years last place; city
or country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS French cook desires situation;
best reference; city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Butter st.
A NO. 1 GERMAN cook: best of reference, de-
sires a situation. J. F. CROSETT _. CO.,
316 Sutter st.
AN honest, capable widow, 38 years of age, be-
ing compelled to earn her own living for the
first time, would like a position as working
housekeeper; country preferred; no triflers.
Call at 1016 Devisadero st.
DRESSMAKER, ladles' tailor. Parisian suits,
evening dresses, tea gowns, wishes engage-
ment by day; work received at home; rea-
sonable. MME. DE WAYNE, 28 Ellis st.
REFINED lady with daughter of 12 would like
position as working housekeeper, or would
try anything honest: must have work; city
references. A. D., 1433 Mission st.
ELDERLY American woman wishes a place
to do housework; good cook and baker; city
or country. Address 136 Fifth st., near How-
ard.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes a situation to
do light housework; city or a short distance
in the country. Apply at 1000 Washington st.
FIRST-CLASS dress and cloak maker will take
work at her home; tailor suits made very
reasonably. 760 Folsom st.
GIRL, 16, wishes situation to do light house-
work and mind children; prefers to sleep at
home. Call at 3."0 Jessie st.
GERMAN girl wishes a situation to do general
housework; $20 or $25 per month. Apply at
152 Clinton Park.
COMPETENT woman wishes a situation to do
general housework; city or country. 1103
■ Powell st. — -
GERMAN girl wants place to do general house-
work an.l cooking. Address New Golden Gate
Hotel, 134 Fourth st.
AN elderly woman wishes a situation to do
general housework; kind to children; low
wages; in city. 81 Natoma St.. cor. 2d, r. 10.
YOUNG lady wishes situation as second girl or
to assist in light housework; wages $12 or $15.
Call at 711 Minna st.
RESPECTABLE German woman wants any
kind of work by the day. Call or address
2213% Mason st.
GERMAN girl wants a situation for general
housework or cooking; good references. 1309
Stockton st.
ARTISTIC dressmaker will work for $1 25 per
day. 1337 Market st., near Seventh.
RESPONSIBLE lady wishes a position as
housekeeper. 323 Kearny St., room 12.
SITUATION wanted by a strong, willing girl
for general housework. Apply at 217 Polk st.
WOMAN wishes work by the day, washing or
housecleanlng. Call at 711 Minna st.
A GERMAN girl wishes a situation as cook
and downstairs work. Apply 318 Jessie st.
WANTED German girl to assist in house-
work. Sixth and Brannan sts.
LADIES' tailor work done at home or In fami-
lies. MISS FITZPATRICK. 1312 Pine St.
LADY would like to have children's dresses to
make. 590 Geary st.
WANTED — as housekeeper or man-
ager for rooming-house by a respectable lady;
references. Box 206. Call office.
WANTED— In a Catholic school or family, po-
sition as teacher of drawing, English branches
or music; highest reference. Box 447, Call.
LADY of refinement would like situation as
lodging-house keeper, or meet party willing
to start her In same. W. W., box 433. Call.
RELIABLE woman wishes eewing or any kind
of work by the day. Please call or address,
any time, 429 Tehama St.
YOUNG widow wishes situation as house-
keeper in widower's home. Call after Bun-
day at 615 Post st^
YOUNG lady would like position as confidential
secretary, correspondent; copyist or amanu-
ensis: can give references. Address R. M.
J., 1428 Leavenworth st.
SITUATION wanted by a woman with boy 7
years old to do housekeeping In city or coun-
try: good references. Box 117, Call office.
POSITION to keep books or assist; good
mathematician. Call or address 1346 Market
st., room 23: references.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414^ O'Farrell st.: tel. East 426.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay st.
EXPERIENCED hoisting engineer wants po-
sition at mine; best of refs. Box 305, Call.
YOUNG man of experience wishes position as
driver; is well acquainted with the city; ref-
erence. Box 224, Call.
PLUMBER and tinsmith with good Bet tools
and machine wanted; a practical plumber as
partner. Box 303, Call office.
GERMAN wishes position to work around
house, take care of horses, etc.; city or
country- 621 California st.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires situation;
2% years last place: city, country. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT, refined, young girl desires situation as
nurse or upstairs work, references, country
preferred, $8 to $15. Apply MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
WANTED— A position by young man as fore-
man or timekeeper in yard or factory; thor-
oughly understands plans and buiiulng con-
struction. Box 177, Call.
RESPECTABLE young man and wife would
like a situation on a private place: man is a
good gardener and can run gasoline engine:
handy for any kind of work; wife Is a good
cook and housekeeper if wanted; city or
country; best references. Box 254, Call office.
WANTS a situation— A young man IS years of
age, living with his parents, best of refer-
ence, wants to learn some respectable busi-
ness; writes a good hand; wages no object.
Address H. L. M.. box 435. Call office.
SWEDE wants a situation in a private place
as gardener and coachman; is a first-class
milker; understands running a gasoline en-
gine; wages $25; first-class reference. Box
277. Call office.
STEADY man wishes position: drive a milk-
I wagon; drove before at Frlesan-Holsteln
Dairy. Address B. WAVER, 35 Eddy st.
j JAPANESE desires place In dental parlor
where he can learn dentistry; wages no ob-
ject. K. SETU. box 232. Call office.
YOUNG man speaking English, French, Ger-
man and Malay with five years office ex-
perience; traveled in China. Japan and In-
dia; desires situation. Box 184, Call office.
SITUATIONS AVANTED-Contlnued.^ -
EXPERT Japanese wants situation; good cook f
housework and plain washing. 2 Eureka »
Place, near Larkin and Bush sts.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 Third St.. near
Market: 200 rooms, 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; rre«
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WANTED— FEMALK.
I GERMAN, French and Irish second girls,
$20; French seamstress, $25; Protestant cooh
and second girl, same house, $25 and $15; 1
ironers In laundry, $30 and $10 a week; cool!
and housework, German style, $25; 10 wait-
resses and chambermaids, hotels, etc $2C
and $22 00 and girls for cooking and house-
work In oit> and country. J " F ' CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter st. ' x-"'-x -"'-" Jii ' i *
3IRL for chambers urk and waiting hoFeT
Santa Cruz County. $20; waitresses country
aDY! 20 634- h 6grcTa y rk st . glrla - MU * RAY *
SECOND girl, $15; nurse, $15. MISS CULLEN.
SECOND girl and seamstress, $20. MISS CTTL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st. ...--■•. v
FRENCH nursery governess. $30; German nur-
sery governess, $25. MISS CuLLEN. 325 But-
ter st.
FRENCH second girl, $20. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
fOUNG girl, light housework, San Mateo, $10,
fare paid. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
"OOK. $30; second girl, $25: nurse. $30; house-
work. Oakland, $20; Alameda, $20; 12 house-
work girls, city and country. $20 and $25; I
vnung girls, assist. $10 to $15. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
NURSE girl. slee-> home, $12. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st. . v
NEAT strong Norwegian girl Just from the old I
country wants place in private family, city 01
country, $8 to $10 month. C. R. HANSEN A
CO., 104 Geary st. __
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.. want
to-day: Head waitress, near city (see parts
here 10 a. m.). $2. >- head waitress, countrj
hotel. $25; head waitress and two side wait-
resses, sanitarium *25 and $20; waitress. Ne-
vada State, free fare, $25; waitress. Bakers-
field, $20; waitress. La Honda, $20; waitress,
Napa. $20; 2 waitresses. Pacific Grove, $20;
fancy ironer. ladies' wear, country hotel laun-
dry, $35, free fare both ways; fane- ironer,
near city. $25 and found. C. R. HANSEN _
CO., 104 Geary st. V
25 HOUSE girls for city and country places,
$25, $20 and $15; young girls to assist, $10 and
$12. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
COOK $25; second girl. $20; 2 second girls at
$15 each: chambermaid, $15. MRS. NORTON.
. 313 Sutter Bt.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, $15, 2 In family;
ranch cook. $20; woman to assist on small
ranch. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
YOUNG girl to assist, $10; houseglrl, $25; Irish
housegirl. 2 in family. $20; German cook. $25.
MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter Bt.
GERMAN housekeeper, $15. MRS. NORTON,
- 313 Sutter st.
WAITRESS, $25; seamstress, $20; 2 German
cooks, $25 and $30; 8 girls for housework.
MRS. HIRD. 631 Larkin st.
GIRL to assist with light housework willing
to go to Redwood; wages $10. Inquire 230«
Sutter Bt. ____^^__
WANTED GirI for general housework: cook-
Ing; baking; small family. 1216V4 Golden
Gate aye.
GIRL (German) for housework; one who stops
home- preferred. Old No. 1053 Market St., up-
stairs.
VEST hand wanted. Room 120, 6 Eddy st.
YOUNG girl to assist In light housework. 1534
Ellis St. j
GIRL to assist in general housework; wage*
$10. 1716 Post st. -^
GIRL or woman for light housework. Apply
716 Green st. . rear.
WANTED — young woman to assist In
general housework. Apply at 119 A Sixth Ft.
WANTED— 2S chorus girls; 10 a. m. ABE
COHEN, 318 Pine St., room 3.
GIRL for ccoklng: must be good cook. $20. 15C2
Post st., near Octavla.
GOOD WAITRESS wanted; call early. 631
Clay st.
WANTED — Experienced apprentice on custom
coats; call early. 725>4 Howard st.
WANTED— A nice young girl to do plain cook-
Ing and housework for a small family, no
children; must be neat and willing; will find
a good home and kind treatment; references
required. Call at 1261 Ellis, near Laguna.
GIRL for light housework . and to assist with
children. 844 Halght St. ~
EXPERIENCED" hands-on wrappers to work
on electric machines; steady employment.
STEUER. 416^ Ellis st.
HOUSEKEEPER for a family of 2; very light
work: aged between IS and 30 years; wages
$10. 476 Thirteenth st., Oakland.
WANTED— Young lady assistant In manicure
parlors. Address box 279. Call office.
LEARN dressmaking & millinery; positions
free: patterns 25c up. McDowell's. 103 Post.
LEARN sewing at Kelsler Ladies' Tailoring
College, 118 McAllister St.; patterns to order.
LAWRENCE Dresscuttlng School, 1079 Market
St.; perfect fit; no trying on; trial free.
HELP W ANTED— MALE.
WANTED— Blacksmith's helper, $1 day; Ger-
man or Scandinavian gardener, $30 and found;
stableman, $50; farmers, $20; milker. $25; la-
borers, $1 day and board and $1 75 day; brick I
molder; carpenters for mines, $3 day and $40 '
and board: 2 coopers. slack work; 3 wood-
choppers, $150 cord; cooks, waiters and oth-
ers. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628
Sacramento st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. want Mon-
day, second cook, country hotel. $50; cook,
boarding house, near city, $40; cook and
dishwasher, same small country hotel, $40
and $1S; cook for men at a factory, $35;
camp cook, 10 men, $35. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
COLORED cabin boy, steamer. $20: colored
hotel porter, $20; country hotel, $15. C. R
HANSEN _ CO.. 104 Geary st. *
BLACKSMITH, city camp, $33 and found; 2
painters, 4 carpenters, rough work. $1 a day
and board; buggy washer, $40. C. R. HAN'-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
EXPERIENCED trunkmaker. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 104 Geary st.
MONDAY morning — steamer sails for Alaska
300 laborers and rockmen wanted at 30c an
hour; write or call on us for further par-
ticulars and special reduced rates direct to
Skaguay. C. R. HANSEN _ CO.. 104 Geary.
TEN laborers for a mine; no experience need-
ed; steady job; reduced fare: ship every day
wages from $1 60 to $2 50; board $15 a month'
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
HEAD logger, $60; 4 barkers and buckem, $35
and board; shingle packer, $40 and board. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
EIGHT laborers for a quarry, $1 75 a day; free
fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
TWO men to handle rock on barges, free fare.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
TWO German farmers, bean ranch, $20 and
found; 7 farmers for a grain ranch, $20 and
found; 3 choremen, $10 and $15: milker, $25.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
DRIVER for a milk route, $30 and found. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS barber for a first-class country^
hotel; furnished shop; board, lodging and
washing free. C. R. HANSEN _ CO., 104
Geary st.
FOUR waiters, $35, country; waiter, country
restaurant, $25 and room; porter who can
wait, restaurant, $25. C. R. HANSEN _ CO..
104 Geary st.
LOOK COOK 6 ....WAITERS
14 cooks for different places, $55, $45. $35 and
$30 and found
6 waiters for different places, $25 and found..
6 dishwashers $25 and $20 and found
Baker's helper $20 and found
MURRAY & READY
634-636 Clay st.
TYPEWRITER, stenographer and assist
on books. $30 and found. MURRAY &
READY. 634-C36 Clay st.
MINERS ..GOLD, IRON ..AND COPPER
35 laborers to work around the great mines
of a large syndicate: wages from $2 50 day;
we have special reduced railroad rates to
works. MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st.
A— BUTCHER. $30 and found; for a ranch. $30
and found. MURRAY & READY, 634-638
Clay st.
A— TO THE ....GREAT .... SAWMILLS. ETC.
5 lumber pliers $26 and found
1 man to load cars $26 and found
logway man $175 day
1 125 woodchoppers, tools furnished. $1 50 and $1
cord
95 tiemakers, tools furnished. 8c to lie each.
MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay st.
A— TWO blacksmiths and hdrseshoers, country
1 blacksmith's helper, country
1 stableman, city : $40
milker near city $25
5 farm hands $26. $25 and $20 and found
Sausage maker and several hundred other
different positions in California.
MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay st.
TIMBER faller. $40 and board; planer man, •
$2 -- a day; young man as timekeeper. $9 a
week: granite cutters and quarryman: mess-
boy, $15; kitchen hand, $15; waiter, $25: cook,
$20 and room; scraper teamsters; woodchop-
pers. R. T. WARD & CO., 60S and 610 Clay.
MEN wanted— Salary: expenses; to travel; se-
cure services first-class salesmen sell goods
largest manufactory in world; first-class
references. W. F. MAIN CO., lowa City, la.HELP ANTED— Continued.
BARBER *o do porter • work at resort. $20 a
month and all he makes -' his trade. HOTEL
GAZETTE. -"20 Kearr St.
MANUFACTURER wants live outside Bales-
man, $200 required; money invested In busi-
ness. Call to-day. 909 C Folsom st. •
WANTED -At once, men with references who
understand the fruit and poultry business. 235
Sixth st.
SIAN to form on shares; small capital.- Ad-
dress box 270, Call office.
[EXPERIENCED dishwasher at 7 Ninth st.
OWENS & STARR'S lunch place. .
PPTJCITOR want d on soldier work, shoe re-
pairing; good hustler. 1536 Point Lobos aye.
WANTED— Man for electric motor hoist. Ad-
dress box 450, Call office.
CUTTER on men's kip work. D. R, WENT-
WORTH, West Berkeley.
GENT to take orders for printing. Apply P.
BOULIN. 519 Filbert st. ;
BERBER wanted: only first class need apply.
523 Devlsadero st.
WANTED— Good waiter for hotel. Apply Cen-
tral Hotel, 630 Third st
WANTED— Boy to learn waiting at table; $10
a month. 233 Sixth Ist.
NEAT boy wanted for errands; must live with
parents. 909 I rkin st.
PLUMBER'S helper wanted at new building,
Seventeenth- st, above Castro.
FIRST-CLASS plumber wanted. 419 Mason st.
THE Century Atlns of the World has just '
been issued by The Century Company. New
York. Several thousand subscribers to The
Century Dictionary will want to complete
their sets. It is having an Immense sale j
among educa'.ed ppople. having been publish- I
ed at a most opportune time. First-class, in- ;
telligent salesman can apply for territory to
J. N. ODELL. 206 Kearny St., room 609.
WILL give situation for loan of $200. Box 433.
Call office.
COLLECTORS wanted on salary or oommls-
. sion; security required. 850 Market St.. r. 25. j
GENTLEMEN or ladies wanted for good sell-
Ing article on salary or commission. 850
Market St.. room 25.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen! carpenters, coast,
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S. 26 . Steuart.
WANTED—? - Montana House, 7644 Mission, j
men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
night; 60c, Me and $1 per week.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Barnard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know j
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade in 8 weeks. San \
• Francisco Barber College, 1354 Eighth st.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office, 3.
FUCHS. Pec.. 525 Grant aye.: tel. Grant 136.
SAILORS and- ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. "04 Davis St.. near Jackson.
i MEN'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 50; men's i
poling, S6c; only one price. 959 Howard st.
SINGLE furnished, fine, large, sunny an airy
room, 25c night. Rosedale House. 221 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St., below Sixth, j
for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
SINGLE rooms, 10c and Me night; *75c and $1
week. Lindel House. Sixth and Howard sts.
."WANTED— collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Putter st. i
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 Third St., near
Market: 200 rooms. 25c a night: reading room;
•free 'bus and bapgage to and from the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED.
LADY in country towns to sell horoscopes: can
make $30 month. "Astro," 7244 Market st.
"WANTED— Agents to take territory for the I
sale of Home Comfort Washing Machines;
patent No. 599,023 granted Otto Spellmeyer,
St. Louis, Mo.; quick selling article; liberal
commissions. F. OBERMILLER, State
Agent. Present address, 2129 Chaining Way, :
Berkeley. Cal. .
FURNITURE WANTED. 1
H. BAUM buys furniture and general mer-
chandise. 1057 Market st. ; tel. Jessie 32.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
LADY would like room and board with young
married couple (Protestant) where there are ;
no children or other boarders; use of parlor
and piano. Box 276. fa'l.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED immediately— furnished house of
• 8 or 10 rooms at Fair Oaks or. Menlo. Send
'full particulars to \V., box 325, Call office.
j^rrr^ . . s .
~ WANTEO— MISCELLANEOUS^
WANTED— to date novelties for country
towns California. Box 134. Call office.
I LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
Ki:k: & CO 22Vi Geary st i
....... Money to loan at low interest
90 rooms; clears $4000 yearly $5000
50 rooms; apartment house 2500
3S rooms; rent $90; doctor pays $50 900
20 .rooms; best-paying transient 1600
•17 rooms; Jones St.; all full; a snap 700
15 rooms; Third St.; clears $45..' 275
12 rooms; Ellis St.; clears $40 500
11 rooms; Larkln-st. corner: central..... 750
10 rooms; best little house; O'Farrell Bt.. 550
9 rooms; Leaven worth st. ; cheap rent., 275
Also 50 and 53 rooms to exchange for Oak-
.and or city realty. KREDO & CO.
A— loB ROOMS: near Baldwin $6250
15 rooms; new and good 650
32 rooms; sunny corner; running water.. 160(1
14 rooms; transient...' 450
21 rooms; select; transient c0rner......... lfiOO
22 rooms; fine sunny corner t 1400
31 rooms; fine for transients; part cash... 1050
66 rooms; transient; best in city; cheap.
62 rooms; rent 180; come quick 1500
14 rooms; i'ood transient house: O'Farrell 1200
■ 48 rooms'. Market st. ; clears $200; cheap.. 1600
ROGERS & HYDE. 1206 Market st. (L. W.
• Rogers, formerly clerk for H. C Decker.)
PRICE $2500— Profit each month $300;. only half
cash required; selling to close an estate, a
down-town north of. Market hotel of 150
rooms; vicinity of 6 theaters. A. M. SPECK
& CO., 602 Market Ft. .
PRICE $1000—22 rooms; cheap rent; oak and
maple wood furniture: good carpets; 2 en-
■ trances. ' 13 and 15% Powell street good In-
ducements to right parties. Apply to GREEN
BROS., on premises.
LODGING house; 504 Howard St.: 22 rooms;
rent cheap. Apply MADISON & BURKE.
36 FURNISHED rooms, corner house; trade for
lots. 1382 Market St., room 4.
HORSES.
SELL or trade, splendid pony and two excel-
lent riding horses for Bale; 5 years' old. 108
Stockton Ft.. ■
FOR sale— Handsome standard bred bay mare, !
.black points: 16 hands 1 Inch high; age o
years; weight 1030 lbs; sound and gentle;
elred by Election, by Electioneer, dam by'
Wormwood, by Nutwood, 600, grand dam by
Jno. Nelson; well broken; trial given. Inquire'
347 Fremont st, in rear. •
40 HORSES for salt?: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket 327 Sixth: auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN ft DO LE, Auctioneers.
• FOR SALE— 2O head horses: must be sold. Ap-
ply Tomkir.son's Livery Stable, 67-61 Minna
st., between First and Second.
CAMP warons, bupgles. wagons, harness of all
.kinds; 40 horses: must sell. Emporium Sales
Yards. 220 Valencia st.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
BUSINESS BUGGY— Cart. and harness; make
.an offer. 1738 Sanchez st.
FOR sale— Horse and wagon in good shape;
• suitable for peddling. 446 Sixth st.
FINE laundry, 'baker's and milk wagons cheap |
. for cash or installments; 1 fine top and open!
buggy ; also 1 hack. S2B Harrison Bt : I
SPECIAL' sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co., 211 Larkln, opp. City Hall.
SEWING MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC. Domestic, Singer and . White
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold; \
marhlne supple. ;, Sixth: phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, i < i > exchanged, rented;
repairing- at lowest rates. 205 Fourth Bt.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam -Cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. . Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth st.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
, Rend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
_Beat!ni- Workß, 353-57 Tehar.a at; tel. S. 40.
J. MCQUEEN'S Cal. clrpet-Cleanlng Co.. 453
Stevenson at; tel. South 225; lowest rates.
' ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter Bt.;
tel. Main 394. GEQ. WOLCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: relald at 3c
. STRATTON, 3 Eighth st ; tel L Jessie i 944. ■
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.; cleaning 3c a yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126.
ELEVENTH. 108— Branch office of The Call
Subscriptions and adg taken.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
FOR SALE— Trip to Dawson City and a year's
provisions. Apply at 1601 Market Bt.
■ . ■ - : .
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— BARGAIN " nBUr I i and untoualed:
groceries, candles, branch bakery, notions
stationery, etc. store^ with 4 living rooms on
principal street, offered for sale at posl-
«'•&£'■« tha " lnVo i ce value of stock; own-
er there 6 years and must sell at once on
a n^u«S° f ,, de artu --9 for East; business
766 Market ilr'/ rent ° nly $15 M - LESS,
$2cir-S2 cir- S N thnf, a »nH ar 'f est publlc building of
n»J« «ffr» thousands transact business dally:
SatroiMK LF%5 la -' £ cU 111 * large Bhare °*
patronage. ■ LiESfc, 765 Market st.
$2^?°r? O -}A^ nn H s , aloon i down town; on Market
X.. no competition; doing excellent business;
ntr J&i a 7 * ln 4 crease : could be enlarged
bin*? h hoe! 1(, oe! 1( and retail liquor concern; no
better location in town for such purpose-
sickness cause sale. LESS. 765 Market st.
"I^^^" • B **° on wlih " 3 livin «r rooms, m-
c udlng furniture; good location principal
i-treet; handsome place; neat and inviting-
large stock: daily receipts $8; rare offer; gen-
M n Li^ ga « : ha d to du P»cate it. Apply
M. LESS, 78 Market at, opp. Phelan bldg.
$3 i (^ R ?f' l ; AU . nAI f T and cl *op house on Market
and Last Bts - : Investigate at once; a flrst-
f.V^i f> r; . n< ? or.able price will be re-
(v it L- M ke before Thursday. Call
>> ILKE. 84a Market st.
A U"^«.° n ; a L ke 7 ; one of the oldest and best-
known bakeries of this city, doing a large.
first-class paying , business: 6 horses, 3 wag-
ons using daily 12 barrels of flour; sickness
845 Market 00 1 " Bale Partlcularß WILKB.
1600-PARTNER wanted in a saloon and lodg-
lng-house; located on water front; doing a
paying business all the time and a rushing
trade with navigators; too much business for
man; •, fn v H*S at once - a fine business
opening. \\ LLKE & CO., 845 Market st.
$S ?ivT C I ERMAN ■ boarding-house, with saloon; »
lurnishe.i to ol ™ 5 ' rent $20;, surrounded by iron
foundries, a lim-class opening and rare
chance. WILKE. S4S Market st
$S £ V STAURANT and chophouse; doing a
«J»t-clas» . Paying business; close to Market
and t 1 , a Bts -: low rent; investigate; owner
r.^ i eav at once and no reasonable offer
refused. Call on R. G. WILKE. MS Market.
A-$400; PARTNER in flrst-class paying busl-
Sf!fi' °,*L Kearny Et - nea Market, clearing
easily $2aO per month; no opposition; a rare
chance. For particulars. WILKE. 845 Market.
$500-PAPvTNER wanted In saloon; steady man
required; part cash if necessary. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
$500-BAKERY; old established, good business;
4 rooms and kitchen; cheap rent; fine horse
and wagon. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny.
$300— FRUIT store, horse and wagon; great
bargain. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny.
PARTNER wanted in a good-paying res-
taurant. McLAUGHLIN. 23 Kearny st
$600— Grocery and bar; principal street; full
value in stock: 2 blocks of City Hall; a bar-
galn. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny st
$200— SALOON; half price this day. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO., 23 Kearny st.
$400— PARTNER wanted in the manufacturing
of staple goods; steady man required. Mo-
LAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Keamy st.
$3000— BAZAAR, plumbing and tinware busi-
ness; stock worth price; selling on account
of departure. McLAUGHLIN, 23 Keamy st.
HIGHEST cash prices paid for restaurants"
saloons, fixtures, grocery stocks. STENBERG
& CO., 26ii Kearny st.
t-CTT-VRFRfI X. ™-l
264 Kearny st., near Market.
Fine liquor store $1,200
Restaurant, near carhouße 300
Corner grocery and bar; bargain 400 '
Old-established carpet beating works 1,200 i
Saloon, opposite the ferry 200 ■
Candy factory and ice cream parlor 600 !
Branch bakery; must be sold 200
$450— CORNER grocery and bar; big paying;
living rooms; sacrifice account of death in
family. - rENBERQ & CO., 2614 Kearny.
A— KREDO & CO 22*4 Geary «t.
Miscellaneous Business.
$3000— H interest pickle mfy.; clears $6000.
$1000-34 interest perfumes and extracts; est.
JUKW— '.• interest paying livery and boarding.
$1100— Steam laundry; $1000 monthly.
$3'.iJo— i ruff store; exchange for realty.
$1000— Candy mfy. and Ice cream parlors.
J2ooQ— Bakery; $900 bakery and $400 bakery.
Many groceries, saloons and restaurants.
A CORNER grocery, bar and living rooms; nice
clean stock; $12 daily; must be sold this
week; make offer. KREDO & CO.
$100— BRANCH ■ bakery and notions; living
rooms; $5 dally; a snap. KREDO & CO..
2:Vi Geary st.
WILL secure partnership in business in
live town near city doing $650 monthly; no
opposition; must be man of strict integrity
and a baker; refs. given and required: fullest !
investigation courted. City Agency, 850 Mkt. ;
$200— FRUIT and vegetable stand; Western Ad- I
dition; $12 day guaranteed; trial given; a bar-
gain. City Agency, 850 Market st
A— FIRST-CLASS restaurant on Market; $260; I
$150 cash. ROGERS & HYDE. 1206 Market St.
A— RESTAURANT and building: long lease.
ROGERS & HYDE. 1206 Market st
$250— SALOON— 7 furnished rooms, billiards, 1
dining room, kitchen, rent $15 a month. BA-
SILE. 873V4 Market Bt.
$200— GREAT sacrifice; fish market; fine busi-
ness; 3 living rooms; low rent. BASILE, 873%
. Market Bt.
PARTNER wanted; light business; suited
to plain, steady man satisfied with $20 to $30 !
I a week; no experience required: trial given.
Apply from 3tosp. m. at 724 : -2 Market, r. 17.
| OLD-ESTABLISHED drinking saloon for sale
: cheap. Inquire at 650 Sacramento, nr. Kearny.
2000 ACRES of coal land in one body on Coos
Bay, Oregon, lying south of and joining the
Newport Tract, the best known and most
: successfully worked vein. In Southern Oregon.
r It lies 34 miles from deep water at the en-
trance of Coos Bay proper, with a depth of
25 feet of water, with good anchorage and
the best natural advantages for a coaling
! station on the Pacific Coast. This tract con-
tains two veins, the upper at an average
depth of 150 feet, 4 feet In thickness; the sec-
: ond vein, 150 feet lower, averaging 6 feet, and
known as the Newport vein. Notwithstanding I
the depth of these veins there Is free drain- I
i age to three-fourths of the field. There Is also
timber enough on the tract for all mining
purposes For further particulars apply to
NEIL MUNRO, box 16, Marshfleld, Or.
| $225— PARTNER wanted; corner cigar store;
receipts, $18 to $20 per day and clearing $75
£>er month each; trial given; must have help.
Apply RAND & CO.; 917- Market st.
$150— BRANCH^ bakery and notions; 3 living
rooms; cash trade; wagon, etc.; a bargain.
City Agency, 850 Market st
BEST-PAYING restaurant in Oakland: promi-
nently located, corner 2 principal streets: no
opposition; clearing $2(K) a month; sacrificed
for. $550; reason for selling, owner compelled
to go to Europe; trial given before buying.
Address Owner. Call office, Oakland.
$100— CANDY and cigar store; 3 living rooms;
furniture; cheap rent; sacrifice; sickness
cause of sale; with or without furniture. 628
Third st.
OLDEST dyeing and cleaning establishment
for sale; doing large business; a fine opening
for right man; cheap If sold at once. 148
Third st .
BARBER two chairs, 15c shop, for sale; a
bargain; in Vallejo; must sell; have other
business. 225 Georgia St., Vallejo.
FOR SALE— J3SO; watch repairing shop; low
rent; centrally located; retiring from busi-
ness. 226 Ellis <=t.
A GOOD ehoeshqp for sale. Call at 942 Har-
rison at. bet Fifth and Sixth.
FOR SALE— Good paying drug store at in-
[ voice. Box 306, Call ofßoe.
BARBER shop, 1 chair; also building 12x16,
$120; great bargain; good business; at Shasta
Springs. Address H. B. BASHAM, Dunsmuir.
Cal. - ,
FOR — On account of departure, small laun-
dry; the beat thing for married couple; cheap
rent. Inquire at 236 Ellis st
BAKERY doing paying business; first-class
wagon route; within 50 miles of San Fran-
cisco. Address J. 8., box 11, Call, Oakland.
$10 RENT; saloon with fixtures, near Pacific
Mail dock; cheap rent. Apply 312 Sacra-
1 , mento st ■
RESTAURANT for sale; one of the best loca-
tions in the city; south of Market St.; on ac-
count of aicknesß. Inquire at 258 Minna. St.
FOR SALE— A fine restaurant In good location
and doing a good business. Inquire at 216
E. Main st, Stockton.
$1100— CORNER grocery and saloon for sale.
Box 431, Call office.
FOR — Cigar store. Corner Sixteenth and
- Mission sts. - ■ ■
FOR sale— saloon; cheap. 422 Kearny st.
SOBER steady plumber and tinsmith can take
long-used shop in center of town St. Helena:
German preferred; rent $10 month. Address
ROSSI & ANDERSON. St. Helena.
■ FOR SALE— HaIf Interest 3-chair barber shop;
■:■ cheap. 19 . Mason st. ■ .
ACROSS bay laundry; horse, wagon and im-
i § foments; cheap; must be sold on account of
departure. Address box 303, Berkeley.
BRANCH bakery, notion and. candy store; 2
living rooms; $150. £06% Filbert st. .
ROAD house and merchandise store on
main road near mines; worth double; party
having two places. Inquire 1633 Sutter at.
FOR , SALE— Stationery, i Cigars ' and News
Agency; a bargain; cheap rent. Address F.,
Box ISO, Call. •-■■..-■.
HALF or whole interest in good paying butcher
shop; cash business; elegant fixtures; central
location. D., box 3, Call office, Oakland.
FOR — Call route 'at San Jose. For par-
•■ ticulars apply at Call business of flee.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S, 415 Sacramento st
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 25, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET. '
A— BEAUTIFUL, sunny; 10 rooms and bath;
Golden Gate aye. ; $30 to first-class : tenant.
SPECK & CO.. 602 Market St.
AT 715 Sutter, near Taylor — Unsurpassable for
doctor or dressmaker; workroom 25x35; choice
for business and residence combined. -
BAY-WINDOW house, 4 rooms and basement;
210 V& Perry st. ; rent $12 60; water free. Apply
to G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
BUSH, 2132— House of 11 sunny rooms; rent $35;
all modern Improvements.
ELEGANT 8-room houses; Sixth aye., bet. Cali-
fornia and Lake sts.; prices will surprise
you. MARCUSE & REMMEL. 628 Market st.
ELLIS, 1472, near Buchanan— 6 r. and b. and
planked basement ,
GOLDEN GATE aye.. nr. Webster— r. and
b. ; modern improvements; $60.
OAK, 421— Stylish Eaetlake residence, 8 rooms
and bath; latest improvements; $35.
SEVEN and 8-room houses with bath; also sta-
ble; Eureka st, between Twentieth and
Twenty-first; rent $15 and $16. BALDWIN
6 HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st. .
$25— HOUSE of 10 rooms, bath; garden; base-
ment; sunny belt. 109 Cumberland Bt., be-
tween 19th and 20th, Guerrero and Dolores.
$60— ELEGANT corner house; 10 rooms, bath
and basement; hot-air heaters throughout.
425 Baker st, cor. Grove; call bet. 10 and 4.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
A GENTLEMAN having a nine-room furnished :
house near city desires a tenant who would
board him in exchange for rent. Address
box 2SO. Call office. .
COTTAGES • TO LET.
ARMY, 3624— Sunny, cottage, 6 rooms; base-
ment; bath; yard.
COTTAGE. 2 rooms, furnished for housekeep-
ing; Mill Valley; $15 for 1 month, $25 for 2.
Apply at Poßtofflce, Mill Valley.
NEWLY renovated ■ cottages, 5 rooms, bath;
basement ; yard; cheap. 1576 15th. nr. Dolores. I
TWO cottages, 4 and 6 rooms, 153-155 Erie st.,
near Folsom, between Thirteenth and Four- j
teenth; rent to suit times. Apply on premises.
FLATS TO LET. ■
A— HOWARD. 1720, NW. cor. Erie, nr. Thir-
teenth— rooms; choice; sunny; $25; water
free; key at 1722 Howard; appreciated if seen.
AT 1703 Scott. NW. cor. Sutter— 6 big rooms;
choice; sunny; $25; water free; appreciated if
seen; key at corner, 2300 Sutter st.
A NEW modern flat, 6 rooms, bath, yard,
basement. 6398 Minna st, bet. 7th and Bth.
BAY-WINDOW flat, 3 rooms and bath. 1016
Mason st. ,
BEAUTIFUL flat, 8 rooms, bath; every conve-
nlence; $30. 1505 Geary st: -
CENTRAL aye., 910, near Golden Gate aye.—
Sunny flat of 7 rooms and bath; rent $20.
ELEGANT flat, 7 rooms, bath; rent $35. 625
Post st.
FLAT of 6 rooms and bath; large yard; stable.
Twenty-fourth and Treat aye.
FLAT of 3 rooms. 254 Harriet St., between
Harrison and Bryant, Sixth and Seventh.
FLAT— B sunny rooms and basement. 229 Olive
aye.
FOLSOM, 930, bet. sth and 6th— s r. and b.; $14.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
FULTON, Fine sunny middle flat, 7 rooms
and bath; near City Hall; $2S.
GEARY. .1917— 4 nice rooms; bath; toilet; cellar;
yard; furnished; hall; gas; $18; water free.
HAVES, Nice flat, 6 rooms and bath; re-
duced to $17.
HOWARD, 832— Brick bldg; 5 r. and b. ; $25.
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
LANGTON, 37— 515; sunny flat, 6 rooms and
bath.
HO 1 ., Perry st ; $10; flat, 4 ro. ms. ■;
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO., 638 Market.
LEAVEN WORTH, Upper flat, 6 rooms
and bath; newly papered and painted; $14. •
MCALLISTER, ICISA. near Buchanan—
flat, T rooms and bath; cheap.
McALLISTER, 1263— Nice, clean, convenient
upper flat, 7 rooms, bath; appreciated if seen. .
McALLISTER. 1723, nr. Broderlck— r. and b.;
rent $25. ASHTON CO.,* 411 Montgomery St. j
NEW sunny flats, 6 and 7 rooms; latest Im-
provements. 1144 Golden Gate aye., near
Webster st
NICE sunny flat, 3 rooms and bath. 1103 Bu-
chanan, corner Golden Gate aye.
POST. 608. near Taylor — Lower part; 4 rooms;
unfurnished. . *
SHIPLEY, near Sixth— Flats, 5 rooms and
bath; $12 50. ■
SIXTH, Upper flat 6 rooms; bath; large
yard; rent $13; water free.
STORE and 4 rooms; also flats, 4 rooms and
bath ; rent $12 and . $13. ' 1463, • 1465. 1467 and
1475 Fifteenth st. ■
SUPERIOR down-town flats, 7 and 9 rooms;
strictly modern; sun in every room: largo
closets; natural wood finish. 813 and 817 Hyde.
SUTTER. 16138. nr. Octavia— 7 r. and b.; $30.
i ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery St.
TWO flats and stable; rent reasonable. In-
quire 820*4 Jessie st. •
UPPER flat, 6 rooms, bath. 210% Twelfth st.
VALENCIA. 469, nr. 16th— r. and b. ; rent $16.
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery Bt.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a flag-
pole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st.
$15 — 2 NEW upper modern sunny flats, 5 rooms
and bath. 2668 Twenty-second St.. nr. Bryant.
$14—6 ROOMS. 724. Harrison St., between Third
and Fourth.
$20 — NEW choice sunny flat: all latest Improve-
ments 1708 Hyde St., near Broadway.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A— SUITE of 2 nice front sunny rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping: 2 folding beds: 1 In
i Kitchen and lin bedroom, with suit to match;
furniture all new; $3 per week; suitable for
4 or 5 persons. Apply at shoe store, 562 Mis-
sion st., between First and Second st*.
AT 62 Second— Nice single, double and light
bousekpg rms; week, $1 to $2 50; day, 25 to &uc.
BUCHANAN, 602, corner Fell— Sunny bay-win-
dows and kitchens, other rooms; $6 to $9.
FIFTH, 348— Suite of rooms furnished for
housekeeping. •
FRANKLIN, 203, cor. Fell— 2 sunny furnished
rooms; bath, kitchen.
GEARY, Elegant sunny parlors; piano;
other suites, double and single; light house-
keeping.
GROVE, 202, corner Van Ness— Elegant sunny
2 and 3 room suites, with gas range.
HOWARD, 524— A nice alcove sunny room, suit-
able for two gentlemen or for light house-
keeping for mar and wife; also a pleasant,
large room for two gentlemen or light house-
keeping for man and wife.
HARRIETT, 3, off. Howard— 2 sunny furnish-
ed housekeeping rooms; also single bedroom;
cheap.
HOWARD, — Large front rooms complete
for housekeeping; also. 2 others; reasonable.,
IVY aye., 309, near Franklin— 2 sunny pleasant
rooms; stove; sink; closet; yard; $9 month;
no children.
LARKIN. 327, cor. Golden Gate— Nice sunny
room, $7; also housekeeping suite; "gas. stove.
MARKET, Large sunny , front ■ room and
■kitchen;, folding-bed; 1 closet; $12; call after
7 evenings. .
MISSION. 1129— Newly . furnished light house-
keeping and others. ■
MISSION, 1219— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms,- complete. - . >
MISSION, ,1301— room, with a kitchen;
also 1 for $4. '
NATOMA, 605—2 furnished rooms for house-
keeping; also single rooms. •
NINTH, Front bay window, suite; gas, run-
ning water. Oil or gas stove; $15.
NINTH, 13"— 4 or 5 nicely furnished rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; all sunny and front- !
ing on street; rent reasonable to family of
adults, "
OAK, 119—1 small front room, furnished for.
light housekeeping for 2, $5. . -.;■-
OAK, 615—2 large sunny unfurnished j front;
running water; gas; bath; upper flat; cheap.
OCTAVIA, 1403, corner Geary— Bay window and
kitchen; gas stove; bath; $14.
PAGE, 484—3 sunny rooms, bath; furnished or
, .unfurnished; rent 11 low. Inquire 9 to 12.
POLK, 605— Large sunny neat alcove room and
: kitchen ; large closets at back; gas bath.
SECOND, 615— A sunny furnished floor, 3 rooms
an dbath; rent $14. ,-■-.-.
SIXTH, 314— Front . baywindow suite with
kitchen,, furnished for housekeeping; $13.
SUTTER, 1148— Front suite; also 2 or 3 very
• nice rooms for light housekeeping-; gas and
bath.. . : ■ ■ - ■ , ■ ■ ■ :
TEH A MA, ■ 308, near Fourth St.— Two rooms
complete for housekeeping; to parties with-
out children, . cheap. ■ '; ' . •
TURK, 543— Large front room; stove; com-
plete for housekeeping; gas and bath; $10. .
TURK. 810— One newly sunny, furnished ; room;
• use of kitchen. ' .
' : -
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS— Continued.
TWELFTH, 230 C —Nicely furnished sunny
housekeeping rooms; private family. .
VALENCIA, 1012— Three furnished rooms, light
. housekeeping; $10.
WASHINGTON, Unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping. .
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
LOWER floor; 3 clean sunny rooms: separate
entrance; nice grounds; central. 615 15th st.
ROOMS TO. LET.
A— SELECT home Hotel Florence ' 102 * Ellis,
cor. Powell; elevator; baths; best attention.
APARTMENTS ; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton : st. ; trunks
moved to any part of city, 25c; tel. Main 49.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable. |
AT 609 Hyde, Sutter 716-717-719, 8294 and Mason
407 — Choice; sunny; reasonable; investigate.
AT 147 Powell, 211 O'Farrell— Rooms by the
day, week or month; very reasonable.
AT 416 O'Farrell— Nice sunny rooms, single
and en suite; $7 up; everything first-class.
AT 242 Stockton— Sunny rooms; pretty view;
quiet house; baths, gas; very reasonable.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— blocks from princi-
pal hotels; newly furnished; all conveniences.
CLIFFORD, 204, Ellis cor. Mason— suits
and single rooms; prices reasonable.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms. ; $S, $10 mo.
EDDY, 118— Pleasant front suite; 2 beds; other
■clean, sunny rooms; $6 up; quiet
EDDY, 207 — Nicely furnished single and double
rooms; privilege light housekpg; $5 mo. up.
ELLIS, 41S (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
* rooms and suites for gents, $1 50 to $8 week.
FOLSOM, 820, ■ near Fourth— sl week and up;
nice, clean, sunny single and double rooms.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms; suites or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GIRARD House, cor, Howard and 7th— j
sunny rms. ; also housekpng. ; very reasonable.
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— Per night, 23c to
$1; week, $1 to $4; reading room; Howard cars.
GRAND SOUTHERN, S. E. cor. Seventh and
Mission — Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 727— Handsomely fur-
nished sunny front room; running water; pri-
vate family; reasonable.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 60 to $6 per week.
HYDE, 1105 (Hotel Victoria)— Unfurnished
Bunny corner suites; running water, bath and :
gas; first-class every respect; terms res,»nble.
ISIS, 1, between Twelfth and Thirteenth, Fol-
som and Harrison — Flat 4 rooms, with stable.
JONES, 207 — Nicely furnished suites and single
rooms reasonable; gas, water, bath; central.
LAFAYETTE, 31, between Eleventh and
Twelfth— Unfurnished rooms; rent $12.
McALLISTER, 2204— Nicely furnished single
and double rms.; reasonable ; opp. City Hall.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week.
MISSION, 1430 — One large sunny furnished bay-
window room; also single room; rent reason-
able.
NICELY furnished rooms; family or single,
with board or without: nice view of the ocean
and Golden . Gate. Apply to R. MEN'GES,
Ocean Terrace, Sutro Heights.
O'FARRELL, Sunny furnished rooms, ele-
vator, electric lights, day, week or • month.
SEVENTH, 242— Two or three furnished house-
keeping rooms.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth it..
near Market — Furnished and unfurnished.
TAYLOR, 706— A small sunny room for gentle-
man. . .
TURK, 127— Large front sunny room for an
office; also housekeeping.
TURK, Nicely furnished room suitable for
gentleman; $5 per month: private and quiet.
TURK, Nicely furnished single and double
rooms, $6 month up; bath, gas; housekeeping.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
1 BUSH, 822— Elegantly furnished front sunny
bay-Window room; first-class board; home
cooking; gas; bath; running water; piano; use
of private team; telephone; summer rates.
FOLSOM, 611-*-Swedish private bearding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
HYDE. Hotel Victoria)— Nice sunny rooms;
bath, gas, telephone; with breakfast, $10 mo.
THE ORIEL— New elegantly furnished, sunny
' Market-st. suites, with board for 2, $40 per
month; single rooms accordingly.
THE HEATH. 312 Eddy— Select family board-
Ing house; first-class all appointments; hot
water every room; home cooking; terms mod.
THE Bingham, 807 California— Sunny rooms
with good board; reasonable; home cooking.
VALENCIA. 1070— Irving will be opened
the Ist of August as a flrst-class family
boarding-house, with bright, sunny rooms;
furnished or unfurnished; with large grounds;
in warm belt of Mission ; reasonable terms.
CHILDREN HOARDED. " *
FRENCH lady boards children' or Infant;
mother's rare; nice homer 1107 Clay at.
STORES TO LET.
CITY Hall square, Large light store; $50.
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
TURK, 422. near Larkln— $16. ASHTON
& GARDINER, 411 Montgomery Ft.
GOLDEN GATE AYE., 1234— store; fix-
tures complete and 6 living -room*-* rent rea-
sonable.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1134— Store; 4 rooms;
suitable for a barber shop.
SIXTH, 536— Store: 3 rooms; large yard; rear
entrance; rent $11. •;>;."/
STORE— 34OO Mission St.. cor. Thirtieth; rent
$25. Apply to MRS. HORSTMAN. 7 Thirtieth.
STORE, fixtures, showcase: suitable for candy
and bakery; 4 living rooms in rear; rent rea-
sonable. 2S4S Folpom st.
OFFICES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building, 927 Market St.—
Light cheerful offices, $15 to $20.
SAN FRANCISCO Savings Union building—
Elegant offices for rent.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
.same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
•$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. Ban Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 28 and 30. O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical Instruments of all
grades and prices; termsieasy; prices low-
est; everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer. ■
FOR cash, as I leave San Francisco, grand up-
right piano for one- third its value; stand-
ard make; used three months; five years'
guarantee from manufacturer. 226 Eighth.
BEAUTIFUL $350 piano, walnut case, finest
condition. $185 cash; party must sell. BENJ.
CURTAZ & SON, 16-18-20 O'Farrell st., Chlck-
er'.nK agents.
WE Invite critical examination; new store, new
go,, CLARK WISE & CO., 41 Geary st,'
corner Grant aye., Conover agents.
SOHMER & CO., Byron Mauzy, Newby, Evans.
Brlggs and other pianos; see our' rent plan;
no interest first year. 308,310 312 Post st.
FINE upright for $150; come early if you want
to secure a bargain. THE ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
AN elegant high-grade upright, good as new;
make. offer. Room. 12. Flood building. :
$5 INSTALLMENTS; Emerson piano, $80; cost
.. $400. 221 Leaven worth st.
ELEGANT new pianos for rent, $2 50 month.
SCOTT CURTAZ PIANO CO., 660 Hayes st.
A— s3s; FINE-TONED piano, flrst-class condi-
tion; must sell. 1361 Folsom St., cor. Tenth.
AN upright piano, nearly new; brilliant, pow-
erful-tone; cheap. 216 McAllister st.
SPECIAL sale of. pianos;* wholesale prices to
all. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post at.
"AD" smallest; price lowest; uprights, T s73 up;
rents. $2 up. HEINE, 136 Ellis st. -
A GOOD upright very cheap. 16 McAllister
st, next Hibernla Bank. SCHMITZ.
KNABE piano?; new scale; new styles.
K'OHLER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers,! old and new. 'H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
LOST.
LOST— Friday, in vicinity of Mall dock, double
harness pad. St. Lawrence Stables, Post nt. ;
■■- reward. . . : ; ■- ■* ' \ ''■"'■'■''■''. .:■ •'■.*:
$500 REWARD and no questions asked for the
return of 7-carat diamond earring. Address
Box 449, this office. .'.'■ - - ■ ■
LOST— Camp Barrett, East Oakland,
 child's gold pin. Reward.- 1017 Ellis st.
OPEN face gold . watch ; : initials C. B. ; : chain
attached; liberal reward. 635 Post st. •:
PERSONALS.
IF MISS M. DONNELLY will call at 11 Hunt
. st. she will hear something to her advantage.
JOSEPH GREVEN'S vocal pupils are public
favorites all over the United States; profes-
sional terms, $10 monthly. in advance, for 2
lessons weekly, only for those who start in
before the beginning of the season— l. c.,
August 10. ■ 1236 Market st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair on face or body; money
refunded for any failure to permanently de-
stroy, by simple and scientific process, any
growth of hair. Address with stamp DR.
MAD DOCK. Fargo, North Dakota.
IHSIXESS PERSONALS.
I STUDY to make hairdressing an art; my art-
ists carry out my ideas: hairdressing, 25c:
, hair restored to natural color, $1 50 up: good
switches, 11; finest, $3 60: extra, $5; open Sun-
day. 9 to 12. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
QUINONIA Hair Tonic: refreshing preparation;
removes dandruff. G. LEDERER.III Stockton.
LITHO engraving battleship Maine, framed
• and unframed; framing with glass 7x9 inches,
10c: Bxlo and 10x12, If.c; 11x14 and 12x16, 20c;
14x17. 25c; 16x20, 30c; ISx22, 35c; 20x24, 45e; 22x
28. 60c; curtain poles complete, 15c; rm. mold-
Ing.all colors.lc ft;open eve.Jones,s47 Mission.
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
House, 44 Third st., near Market: 200 rooms,
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to. $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MRS. JOHNSON'S new method of electric mas-
sage, salt baths and herb cure. ■ 579 Geary st.
J. HAUPTLI'S Hair Store has removed to 1036
Market; hairdressing, popular prices.
HOME In confinement; diseases of women.
MRS, DR. PUNKE, 1416 Bth it.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.
SAn"fRANCISCO Ladles' French" Tailoring
College. 916 Market st.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dreses. $5
up; dresses made over. 3 Eddy st., nn. 14-15.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
X" TR^NCE^CLAIRVa YAJ??tT»T^^~ — — --—
PROFESSOR H. ROMAINE, late of India,
Calls you by name, tells you names of. your
friends and relatives, tells you what you
called for; everything. Advice given In full
detail on business, law, love, marriage and
divorce. Reunites the separated; locates and
recovers old estates; locates mines and bur-
ied treasures. Hours 10 to 6. Letters con-
taining stamp answered. Offices, 1206 Market
St., suite 104.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, medical clairvoyant
and medium, will diagnose diseases and treat
■ with revealed remedies, which are a boon to
suffering humanity; stamp for circular. 232
Stockton st. .
MRS. DR. E. J. MOORE, 1104 Market St.
(Vendome building)— medium; unites
the separated; changes luck; locates buried
treasures: letters answered; Inclose stamp.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
sight; diagnose disease, full life reading; la.
tOe, gents $1; palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. LENEMAR; fortune by planets; predict-
ed In '74 overdue stmr., people on Island. 23>4
Sixth St., room 6. .'
YOUR future told by cards; ladles, 10c; gents,
25c. 221 Sixth st.
MME. WALTERS, the great card-reader: ladles
25c; gents Boe. 951 Mission St., near Sixth.
MME. MOREAU best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, ha* opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture, 25c: ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past,
present and future; 25c. 148 Sixth St., room 10.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first In her pro-
fession; never falls: advice: help 989 Post st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. SEEI.KY, grand spiritualist meeting to-
night. Cambrian Hall. 1133 Mission st. : 10c.---
MRS. ,T. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, trance
test medium and life reader. 232 Stockton st.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia st. ; read-
ings, $1: cir. Tues., Frl., 2 p. m.; Sat. 8; 25c.
M. FRANCES, Independent slate writing me-
dium. 118 Halght st. -
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings dally. Cl2'4 Sixth st.
PALMISTRY.
MRS. CHANDLER— Lecture Sunday eve. 305
Larkln: readings daily at res.. 3."3 Oearv Ft.
HYPNOTISM
HYPNOTISM taught, diseases and habits cured;
send for journal. CAL. INSTITUTE, 402*4 Geary.
MEDICAL.
DR. WISE, late of Bellevue Hospital. New
York; offices, Hackmeler Hotel, 123 Eddy St.;
phone South 339; hours 9 to 11, 2 to 5 and 6 to
8; consult him for treatment on all diseases
peculiar to women; patients are assured flrst-
- class medical attendance, besides enjoying
privacy of home with experienced lady at-
' tendants; strictest confidence maintained In
nil cases; CONSULTATION FREE.
ALL ladles— C only ->r. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
BO years' practice: safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any diseases or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided: kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; dellcar-v, privacy, home,
etc.: babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay: self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 1228 Market
St.; pills, $1; very strong, $2; cure, $5.
A TREATMENT that " restores all cases of
monthly Irregularities (from whatever cause)
In a few hours; safe and sure at all. times
when others have failed; no instruments used;
'travelers helped at once; home In confine-
ment; every case guaranteed; consultation
free and confidential: self cure, to; pills, $1.
MRS. DR. WYETH. 208 Turk St.. near Jones.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases: posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects; taken In time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price, $1 50 per box, sent free by
mail on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 33
Grant aye., S. F. A Caution— pur-
chasing elsewhere write us. . '
NEW process for female trouble; no matter
from what cause: no medicine or Instru-
ments used; restores in one day without fall;
every woman her own physician; away dis-
grace; consultation free; can be sent and used
at home; pills and capsules. $1; cure. $5; by
" the well-known DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from what-
• ever cause; no Instruments used: guaranteed
cure fit- office, $5; travelers helped instantly:
home for. patients: consult free; confidential.
DR. AND MRS. KOHL. 1122 Market st.
A BOON to wives and mothers — Seguro; price
$1 E0; RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay St.; send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., 531 X st.. Sacramento. 'Cal.
DR. ana MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye., private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance: terms
moderate: Infants adopted into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles: no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
express C. 1 O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland. Cat
LADIES, wishing secrecy during confinement
can find good home & treatment by Mrs. Karr,
2514 Fulton St.; McAllister car passes house.
DR. HALL. 1223 Market St.. diseases of women
and children.
MRS. ARCHBARD. midwife: home In confine-
, ment: confinement alone. $5. 156 Second st.
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
.plates; light and thin; warranted ten years;
■ teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
. tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. nr. 11th:
no charge for "■'♦'•acting when plates are
. made; old plate's made over like new; -teeth
from $S per set; extracting, EOc: gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, ■-. discoverer of . painless extraction and
patentee, of Improved bridge work or teeth
" without plate.removed from 6 to 20 O'Farreil.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth, . $5. up; : fillings, 25c up; all work
• painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
ings. : 997 Market St., cor. Sixth. . ■
NEW YORK methods at New York prices by
. New York dentists. 969 Mission, cor. Sixth.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
■ YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. , ■-, '
. .
TYPEWRITERS.
NEW^Hammond, $3o: Callgraph, $15; Yos»~ J25;
get sample work. r SCOTT, 333 Montgomery.-
ALL typewriters ' sold and rented; few partly
used for : sale ■■ cheap; send .for ' samples and
prices. ALEXANDER CO.. 110 'Montgomery.
• PHYSICIANS.
DR. C C. O'DONNBLL, office and residence,
1206 Market; diseases of women a specialty.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
MAKE an offer; will sell cheap; modern cot-
tage and lot 25x95; 19 Sheridan st., bet. Ninth
and Tenth; $1000 can remain for 4 years with
Hibernia Bank. P. COWAN, 272 Stevenson
St., off Fourth. .
A— s37so; WORTH fully $5000 to-day; a decided
i bargain; fine northwest corner on Dolores St.;
60-foot front, with 2-story building; store be-
low; 6- room flat above. Address Owner,
767 Alice St., Oakland.
$650 WILL build 4-room bay-window cottage
complete; will call. SALSBURY, Builder,
621 X 6t, Sunset District.
FOR — Twenty-first St., near Bryant; 7-
room cottage; open to-dar from 1 to 4 p. m.
J. FLAHERTY, builder. 1207 Market nr. Sth.
TWO flats for sale on 2938 California St., near
Baker. Inquire at 308 Pacific St., cheap.
PLANS, specifications, etc., submitted for any
kind of building. W. W. RTSDNALL, builder.
1826 Hayes. 1
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
FINE country home; about 20 acres, all in
bearing fruit 14 years old; best varieties
prunes, plums, apricots and apples; house of
8 large rooms and bath, in fine condition,
completely furnished; fine large well of
water; water piped throughout house and \
grounds; all farming Implements, fruit boxes i
and trays," horse, carriage, harness, several !
hundred chickens; situated in the town of ,
Hay wards; 10 minutes" walk from electric :
line; cannot be excelled; ■ pays good Income \
this year; price $15,000. Address 767 Alice St., |
Oakland.
GOOD Income home In Novato, 12. acres,
water; cheap. WM. BAUER, Novato, Ma-
rin Co.
FOR SALE— Nice little home of 2 acres, all in
choice fruit; good house of 6 rooms, with
bath: part of furniture; barn, chicken houses,
windmill and tank; excellent water piped all
over the place: horse, wagon, cow, new top
buggy, 300 chickens; 2 Incubators and brood-
era; tools, etc.; 1 mile Petaluma P. O. ; price
$3000: no agents. Inquire Elntracht Saloon.
Petaluma.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FORECLOSURE bargains offered by Oakland
Building and Loan Association, 1151 Twenty-
third aye., East Oakland, Cal.
Lots from $150 up.
Houses, 5 to 8 rooms, from $1000 to $4000.
Call and see our list. ■ • • -
WILL be sold; new modern • 7-room house;
. large lot: everything up to date; will rent
to pay 12 per cent on investment; opposite
school in Elmhurst. Write or call on T. B.
DRAPER, owner, In house.
$800— LOT 50 feet front, west side Grand St.;
$1250, lot Alameda aye. and Paru st. ; $1200,
new 5-room cottage on Grand st. ; $3000, new
7-room house, west side Lafayette st., near
San Antonio aye. ; $1000, 10 acres, right at
Fruitvale; also chicken ranch; bargains In
all parts of Alameda. ALAMEDA LAND CO..
1500 Park St., Alameda.
J. CALLAGHAN. real estate dealer, notary
tiubllr: property lnnk»<l lifter. M 4 Broadway.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
RESIDENCE; 9 rooms; bath; barn; largo lawn,
tennis court; conservatory; ent '■heap; cen-
tral; 559 24th «t.. nr. Grove. Apply owner, R.
FRANK. Oakland Pickle Fact.. 1612 Grove.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD. .
SUNNY rooms with board: quiet neighborhood;
near local trains. 1020 Adeline St.. Oakland.
ALL conveniences; new furniture; housekeeping
or single; board optional; $3 month up. 670
Broadway. •
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— and cheap. H. SCHELL-
HAAS' old store, 408 Eleventh st. See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
ALAMEDA ; BARGAINsT ~
$1300— 33:4x100; neat house; 4 rooms and
•bath; any terms.
$1500— 25x150; nice house; 5 rooms and
bath; any terms.
— Lot 25x147; nice new shingled 2-story
house; 6 rooms and bath.
$1500 — Lot 40x100; 2-story; 7 rooms; worth
$2500.
$2800 Lot 42x150: elegant new modern cottage;
7 rooms and bath; up-to-date.
$3000— Lot 42x150; fine NW. corner; 7 rooms
and bath; new and modern.
• Lot 100x145; elegant corner lot, with 9 rooms
and bath, stable, fruit trees, etc.
All well located; near school and station;
street work done. Apply at once to
H. P. MOREAL & CO.,
Houses to let. 1432 Park St., Alameda.
FOR sale Immediately, cheap, house and lot
35x115; 5 rooms and bath; all new Improve-
ments; 2 blocks from Grand-st. Station: 1825
Pacific aye.. Alameda. . GEO. SCHNEIDER,
Alameda.
ALAMEDA FURNISHED HOUSES.
FURNISHED modern house. 7 rooms and re-
ception hall: right party cheap; owner going
East. .1378 Weber St.. Alameda.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
GREAT Bargains — $2000, 8-room house, lot 60x
137:6, rented for $22: I block from station; t.!so
5-room cottage, $1350. FREESE & CODING-
TON. 2119 Stanford place, opp. Berkeley Sta.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
A FINE house and lot in Oakland (clear) for
San Francisco property; will assume mort-
gage. ROGERS & HYDE, 1206 Market st.
HOUSE and lot in the Mission, with grocery
store, to exchange for some downtown prop- i
erty. Box 178. Call. •
property Wanted.
LOT wanted . suitable for coal yard, about 40
feet front; south of Market, east of Main st. ;
owner to make Improvements; long lease will
be taken. Address, stating terms, box 295,
Call office. \
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or .pianos In 3. F., Oak-
Is r-i or Alameda, at : lowest rat^--, without
removal; no commissions; no delays. •J.
NOON AN. 1017 to 1023 Mission st, above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market St.; tel. Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates: no commission; $25 up;
private part". BONN ELLI, 130 Powell st.
ANY amount at C l '. per cent on real estate; 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery rm. 3.
SECOND mortgages & undivided Interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY, 636 Market st.
ON pianos, furniture; no removal; lowest rates;
no commission; private. 116 McAllister st.
IP 1 TO $50,000: lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortg.;
■ any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
SOLITAIRE diamond ring and solitaire dia-
mond stud weighing 4 karats in all; both per-
fect matches: cost $700; will be sold for $325.
At UNCLE HARRIS". 15 Grant aye.
A NEW well-finished cottage, 4 rooms and
bath, high basement, chicken house, etc.; lot
25x125:9; to be sold cheap, party going East.
Apply 324 North aye., near Courtland.
TEN shares Building and Loan Association
Stock, 87 months old, book value $125 40 per !
' share; make cash offer. Address box 298, Call.
A SANDEN electric belt; one-third cost. Box
299, Call office. . .
50,000 OLD brick for sale. . Bush and Powell.
Cheap. '
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun- ;
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and :
. office furniture and fixtures; • new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 !
Mission St.. above Sixth. • I
A FINE thing for a present; full line of I
graphophones, $10 each and upward.' PIERCE
i & CO., 313 Emporium building. ♦ - -
SECOND-HAND lumber; 2xlo, 2xB, 2x6, 2x3.
Buchanan St., near Jackson.
PHONOGRAPHS. $20; records. $5 per dozen; "
projectbscope, $100. Baclgalupi, 938-346 Market.
FOR sale— Small Otto gas engine. Apply sa-
..loon, 1802 Seventh St., Oakland. ; .
FIRST-CLASS windmill, 2 large tanks, brass .
pump, pipes, etc. : 711 Treat aye. . .
BOILER, 42x14, with steam ; drum, complete; :
will test to 175 pounds. -WHITE, 516 Mission. ;
$137 FISHER upright piano; good condition;
. $10 down and $5 a month. 225 Sutter st. '•
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl i
goods; new, 2d j hand. . Smith Co., 527 Mission. !
SCALE. . safe, coffee-mill, desk, letter press, •
; cheap, at C2l Mission st. -
J. R. POOL, house mover, dealer second-hand I
building material. 1124 Mission: tel. So. 787.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Me- j
; INTOSH & WOLPMAN. Fremont & Howard, j
SAFES, ' new . and second ' hand, cheaper than
:.; ever. Hermann Safe Mafc..- 633 Sacramento.
SAFES— in new and second hand; all i
sizes; half original cost. ; ; 109-111 Market, S. F.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc",
bought and sold. 1063 Mission at., nr. Seventh. (
. ...... . .
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue.
NEW assortment of catchy comedy pieces and
latest war recitations for parlor, platform or
stage use, taught by Mrs. Kincaid at her
School of Elocution and Expression. Alcazar
building. 120 O'Farrell st.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st.
Individual instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship, $50; low rates per week and month.
MR. AND MRS. DICKINSON'S Academy. 1247
Franklin St.: co-eduoational boarding and day
school; complete English, French, German
and Spanish education, art. $30.
UNIVERSITY coast— Newell Perry, Ph. 8., Fel-
low in Mathematics. U. C, 2407 S. Atherton,
nr.Channing way, Berkeley: write for circular.
ENGINEERING School; civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt. : day & eve. ;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
DON'T waste time on forms; practical lessons
•in bookkeeping and arithmetic Address box
441, Call office.
PIANO, organ, violin, guitar, mandolin; 50c
per lesson; at pupil's home; reference. Box
448. Call.
PIANO and German lessons. 75c; pupil of Con-
servatory in Lelpsie. \ 110 Hyde st.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. Tarr, 572 Parrott bldß.
LEO COOPER'S school of acting, elocution,
pantomime and stage technique. 814 Geary st.
SHORTHAND taught in 1 month; references,
private lessons: terms 810. 712 Van Ness aye.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
-no fee without success; collections. G. W.
. HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON, 923 Market St. .
ALL private law cases. Insolvency, collections,
free advice; open cv. AttyMcCabe, 103'Larkin.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Epreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket; consultation free: no fees in advance.
ADVICE free on all legal matters. T. F.
STACK. 14 McAllister St.: room 6<.
STORAGE.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Tenth and Market; telephone South 106.
FURNITURE, trunks, etc. Golden West Stor-
. age warehouse. S4'.' Mission st. ; tel. Mint 1321.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
MORN.
LOHSE— In this city, to the wife of Fred
Loh»e. a daughter. '.
MARRIED.
HASKELL-TROWBRIDGE— In Rumdum. Al-
aska, July 13, IS9B, at the residence of the
I bride's parents, by the Rev. H. Beer of Ju-
nea.u, Alaska, Robert Kelsey Haskcll and
Jessie June Trowbrldge. Both the contract-
Ing parties are graduates of the University
of California, class of '98. Their home will
be at Sumdum, Alaska, where Mr. Haskell
is employed by the Bald Eagle Mining Com-
pany.
OIKI>.
Brown, Julia A. Mullarkey. John
Crawford, Mrs. Ann McGlade, John F.
Creigbton, R. W. ■ McManus, Phillip
Davis, Mrs. M. M. Pitt, Elizabeth H.
Holt, William Paulsen, Henry
• Jensen, John Edward Springer. Isaac
Kohen, So] Stapler, Solon S.
Kendall, Belle Tracy. William
Loucks, Orlando Walthour, Helen
Moran, Mrs. Annie
BROWN— In this city, July 24, 1898 .at her late
residence. Twenty-fifth and Bryant streets.
Julia A., beloved daughter of Mary and the
late • Henry Brown.
ETNotice of funeral hereafter.
CRAWFORD— In this city, July 23. IS9B. Mrs.
Ann Crawford, beloved mother of Mrs. K.
Schetzel and Mrs. J. C. Spencer, a native of
Ireland, aged SE years.
[T^Friends and acquaintances arc-respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock from the residence
of her daughter, Mrs. K. Schetzel, 227 Castro
street, thence to Mission Dolores Church,
. where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the reiiose of her soul, . com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
CREIGHTON— In Novato, Marin County. Cal.,
July 23, 1998, Raymond W.. beloved son of
Thomas F. and Annie Creighton, a native of
San Francisco, aged 22 years 7 months and
7 days. -
CT'Notiee of funeral hereafter.
DAVIS— In this city, July 24, ISSB, Margaret
M., beloved wife of the late Rev. George E.
Davis, and mother of George- E., William R.
and Albert E. Davis, Mrs. Margaret E. Al-
len, - Mrs. •S. Watts, James W. Davis, Mrs.
Ellen A. Cormack, David J. Davis and Jessie
E. Malliet. a native of New York City, aged
09 years 4 months and 6 days.
HOLT— In this city, July 23, 1898, William, be-
loved son of Henry and Alfrida Holt, a na-
| tive of San Francisco, aged 4 years 3 months
and 1 day.
JENSEN— this city, July 24. 1898, John Ed-
ward, beloved infant son of Andrew and
Hannah Jensen, and grandson of Mrs. Jo-
hanna (Madlgan) Walsh, a native of San
Francisco, aged 2 months and 23 days.
KOHEN— In this city. July 24, 1898, Sol, dearly
beloved son of Sophie Kohen, and brother of
Emile, Elex and Joseph Kohen, a native of
San Francisco, aged 15 years 4 months and 22
days.
KENDALL— this city, July 23, Belle Ken-
dall. :.\: .\- ,'
' ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
at 1 o'clock to-day (Monday), at the par-
lors of N. . Gray & Co., 641 Sacramento street.
' Interment private, Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
LOUCKS— In this city, July 21, IS9S, ' Orlando
Loucks, a native of New York, aged 69 years
and 15 days. .
MORAN— In this city. July 23, 1898, Annie,
dearly beloved wife of John Moran. and sis-
ter of Mrs. K. O'Meara and Owen and Nora
Murray, a native of Ireland.
[T^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
- (Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resl-
' dence, 315 Ivy avenue, thence to St.' Ignatius
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul. com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
MULLARKEY— In this city, July 23. 1S9 5 :. John,
beloved husband of Minnie Mullarkey, and
father of John, Mapgie and James Mullar-
' key, and brother of Mrs. Monaghan and Mrs.
P. J. Ward, a native of Sligo, Ireland, aged
51 years. • ,":,-.t.:
Of?" Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 849 Bryant street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where services will be . celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 2
o'clock. Interment private.
McGLADE— this city, John Francis McGlade,
a native of San Francisco, aged 3 years 7
months and 27 days.
McMANUS— this city, July 24, 1898. Phillip
. McManus, a native of the parish of Kinawley,
•County van, Ireland, aged 70 years.
PITT— In this city, July 24, 1898, Elizabeth H.,
• beloved wife of William G. C Pitt, mother
of William and GeorKie Pitt, and daughter
of Mrs. Louisa Puttlck, a native of London,
England, aged 33 years. 9 months- and 22 days.
{^"Friends are Invited to attend the funeral
from her late residence, 525 Second street, to-
morrow (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, thence to
the Chapel of the Good Samaritan Mission,
Second and Folsom streets. where services
will be held under the auspices of Loyal Cir-
cle, Ancient Order of Foresters, without fur-
i ther notice.
PAULSEN— this city, July 24, 1898, Henry,
beloved husband of Mary Paulsen, a native of
Denmark, aged 61 years and 6 months.
SPRINGER— In this city, July 24, 1898, Isaac,
beloved husband of Hannah Springer, and
father of Henry L., Abraham, Meyer, Ben-
jamin and Isaac Springer Jr., Mrs. Fannie
Munter and Mrs. Julia Gardner, a native of
Jerkow, Prussia, aged 67 years 3 months ami
9 days. [Boston (Mass.) and Chicago (111.)
papers ■ please copy.]
ICT Friends and acquaintances, are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 13118 Ellis street, thence by train from
Third and Tow.: streets at 11:30 o'clock.
Interment New Salem Cemetery. Please omit
flowers.
STAPLER— this city, July 23. 1818, Solon S.,
beloved husband of Lulu Stapler, a native of
Georgia, aged 36 years 3 months and 25 days.
|C7"Friends and acquaintances are -respect-
fully invited to attend the' funeral this day
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 15 . Ritch street, off Fols • between
Third and Fourth. Interment Laurel Hill
; TRACY— In this city. July 24. IS9S. William,
beloved husband of Ann Tracy, and father of
: John W.. Edward F. and James D. Tracy
and Mrs. George B. McClellan, a native of
Ireland, aged 68 years.
IC^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:50 o'clock, from his late resl-
• dence. 1186 Harrison street, thence to St. Jo-
, seph's Church, where a requiem high mass
- will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
: at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WALTHOUR— In this city. July 22. 1598, Helen,
beloved daughter of Frank and Dottle Wal-
thour. a native of. San Francisco, aced 4
. months and 22 days. . '.■. ■ . , .-. ._■
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
B (Monday), at 1:30 o'clock., from her late resi-
dence, 72 1 -i Natoma street. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. ."
! „,,..,. jut !■»■■, 4! 1 J«II.'WUJJUI!I IBM ~»»i»»«a«m««««
I McAVOY & GALLAGHER.
§ tUKI-KAi, DIRECTORS & EMBALIIERI i
\ it, 11ITH ST.. Op?. Lincoln «*":>*•
.s■-::'■ ' Telephone. South 80. ■ _ /._....*__
In. b. m'avov. Manager.
TOc/*Y/OY «fc CO.,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3* 3
- 1234 Mar,;. St. between ; th and ath.
Telephone, South 247. 1
910
DESPERATE
CRIME OF
TWO MEN
They Assault and Rob
a Boy.
GAVE THEM A HARD BATTLE
B. HOLBROOK'S BOUGH EXPEBI
ENCE IN T&.ABJJX.
After Being Knocked Senseless With
the Butt of a Rifle His Teeth
Were Kicked Out.
R Holbrook, the son of the ex-secretary
of the Society for the Prevention of Cruel
ty to Children, was brutally assaulted by
two men while visiting Ipnucio. Marln
County, yesterday. The result was that
he was compelled to go to the Receiving
Hospital last night to have a deep gash
In his head dressed.
The unfortunate young man also had
three of his front teeth kicked out by his
biutal assailants.
Holbrook and a party of friends went to
Marin County, intending to spend the day
at Ignaclo. Durin- the afternoon Hol
brook and a young man named H. Jacob-
Bon. who lives at 2909 Harrison street,
strayed away from the party. They had
their puns with them, and seeing a flock
cf doves they proceeded to display their
marksmanship. Scarcely had they loaded
their weapons when two men who, Hoi
brook says, were Spaniards, accosted
them and placed them under arrest for
trespassing. When asked to show their
authority one of the men attempted to
take Holbrook's gun away from him.
The young man refused to give up the
■weapon when the alleged Spaniard tried
to w"rest it from him. In the struggle that
followed Holbrook was struck on the
head presumably with some blunt instru
ment, felling him to the ground. He
knew nothing more until about an hour
later when he regained consciousness. To
his surprise he found himself about a
half mile from the scene of the assault.
Hi., was» covered with blood that flowed
from the wound In his head. His mouth
was r.lso bruised and bleeding and three
of his teeth were gor.o.
The injured youth staggered back to
the camp. wh«r» h<= hnd left his friends.
After hearing hi? ptory of the assault
they decided to bring him to this city for
medical treatment.
Holbrook Bays that one of his assail
ants carried a rifie in his hand, and he
thinks that he used it on his head. After
he had fnllen unconscious to the ground
the ruffians kicked him In the mouth,
knocking out his teeth. The desperadoes
then robbed him of his gun, but made
no attempt to take- his- valuables.
The police of this city have notified the
- of Marln County, and every
effort will he made to apprehend the
boy's assailants.
ROBBED AND THROWN
INTO A WATER TROUGH
PAINFUL EXPERIENCE OF |
RICHARD NEWMAN.
Aftermath of a Dance at B'nai B'rith
Hall Winch Turned Out a
Failure.
A club of which R. M. Silvey, a barber
at 12 Eiprhth street, is the president gave
a dance at B'nai B'rith Hall Saturday
night, but it turned out a fizzle, as only
a few couples marie their appearance.
Th»n there was trouble, and the musicians
tnd doorkeepers demanded their money.
It looked serious for Silvey when Richard
Newman. who was Felling badges,
jumped in and took Silvey's part.
About a dozen of them left the hall to
gether and walked along Market street
to Eighth, where Silvey left them. The
others, including Newman, continued on
their way till they reached a saloon at
Ninth and Howard streets, where they
wont in and had some drinks.
Newman is a boy about 17 years of age
and is employed as a janitor at 1209
Market street. The dispute commenced
at the hall was renewed in the saloon and
they all turned their wrath upon New
man for hacking up Silvey. When they
got outside, about i o'clock in the morn-
Ins, eight of them surround'-'l Newman,
and after taking his gold watch and 50
cents from him threw him Into the water
trough in front of the saloon.
Newman's yells for help were heard by
Policeman Hemenez, and he fished him
out of the trough. The eight men ran
along Howard street and 'Judged Into a
saloon at Tenth street, making their exit
by the rear.
Hemenez took Newman to the Southern
station, whore he told his tale of woe to
Lieutenant Hanna. He presented a pit
iable object in his bedraggled clothes. Hn
gave a description of the men and the
police expect to have them behind the
bars soon.
RECORDED CHARITIES.
Nearly a Thousand Families Re
lieved by the Society of St. Vin
cent do Paul.
The regular quarterly meeting: of the
Society of St. Vineant de Paul was held
yesterday afternoon at ht. Rone's Ohurrh,
and the work of the past tnree months
reviewed. The various reports read dour
ly Indicated the pood work accomplished
among poor and destitute families, as out
of the 51650 received from subscribers and
various charitable sources more than
was expended in assisting as far as
possible the poor and needy families de
pendent upon the organization.
The mooting was called to order by C.
D. Pouglass, the acting president, who pre
sided in the absence of Archbishop Rior
dnn. Father Prendergrast delivered an ad
dress upon the subject of the good work
accomplished by the society in the past
expressing' the hope that in the future it
would be as well supported and assisted
by those who take pride in encouraging
its progress and disseminating- the work
of charity among the poor.
To Illustrate fuliy the vast influence the
society exercises among the city's poor a
report, mentioning the number or fam
ilies benefited during the past three
months, v.as read. The total number re
corded was between nine hundred and a
thousand. The meeting wus adjourned
until next October.
The famous oId '.JESSE. MOORE WHISKY la '
recommended by phyelclana for family and '
medicinal use bec&ue It is pure. •',-.
~m~. .
Chinese to Be Deported.
United States Marshal Osborne arrived '
in this city yesterday from Los Angeles '
with thirty-one Chinese who have been '
ordered by the District Court at that i
place to be deported to China. There was
no difficulty for the authorities to arrest j
this gang, as the- Chinese almost gave !
themselves up in their dosire to be returned '
at the Government's expense. The I
greater portion of the thirty-one is com- i
poped or young- actors who have been j
roaming about the United States during j
the past three years.
■ ♦ .
Boiler-Makers' Jollification.
The Boiler Makers' Union gave its an
nual picnic at Schuetzen Park yesterday,
about a thousand people being present.
The day was enjoyably spent in games, '
dancing and gathering wild flrwers on the {
hillsides. All day lon- patriotic hymns
were sung by various impromptu choruses
that never railed to elicit ap
plause. It waß late in the afternoon when
the last stragglers took the homeward
bouwj train.
MAJOR McLAUGHILN
SQUELCHES "JIM" REA
The San Jose Schemer Took the Chair
man's Declaration Personally and
Says It Was Spite.
The Major Replies That if the Shoe Fits Rae He Can
Wear It, and That He Is Not Looking for
Office— The Slogan of the Party.
It is my desire that we get close to the hearts of the peo
ple, and I hope and trust that you will by your action here
to-day evidence the fact that the Republican party is the
party of the people, and that I represent its true sentiments
in my declaration against boss rule, corruption in every
form and the insidious inroads of the corporations upon the
rights of the people.
The spirit of the foregoing extract from the gTeat speech of Major
Frank McLaughlin before the Republican State Central Committee on
Saturday was the main topic of conversation among politicians yester
day. Among the great bulk of the people, too. It was evident that
Major McLaughlln had struck a. responsive chord.
"The Republican party is the party of the people," was a sentiment
that found ready echo wherever citizens most do congregate. It was
particularly noted as having been expressed In connection with a de
fense of the liberties of the people and as a rebuke to bossism. When
"Jim" Rea of Santa Clara County t ried to Introduce a motion muzzling
A REPUBLICAN CHAMPION,
MAJOR FRANK McLAUGHLIN, Who Voiced the Fdct
That "The Republican Partu Is the Partu of
the People."
the voters and suppressing free primaries it seemed peculiarly appro
priate that the Republican spokesman should protest. Major Mc-
Laughlin did protest, and so effectively that the delegates were electri
fied and cheered his manly stand to the echo.
"I have been congratulated upon the stand I took In my address to
the members of the Republican State Central Committee," said Major
McLaughlin at Santa Cruz yesterday. He went there during the
morning. "Assurances have been given me that it means thousands of
votes to the Republican party, for which we are all striving so hard.
Sheriff Jones of Colusa, chairman of the Republican committee of that
county, affirmed that my watch-cry of the coming campaign means an
addition of 5000 votes to the cause.
"I am firmly convinced that our party as a whole in this State is more
free from boss cule and outside influence than any other party. We
must eliminate from it every vestige of such influence and prove "by our
actions and by the selection of o U r various candidates that they are,
in fact, of and for the people. I reiterate my statement made before
the convention that if we are guided and actuated by these glorious
principles our victory in November will be a sweeping and a decisive
one. It will establish more firmly than ever the proud position where
she really belongs— in the front rank of the Republican party."
In an interview "Jim" Rea at San Jose yesterday affirmed that Ma
jor McLaughlin was actuated by personal feeling in his address. He
charges the Chairman of the Republican State Central Committee with
having been a candidate for the United States Senatorship and for
which he desired his (Rea's) support. Rea refused it and claims that
is the basis of the presc-nt charges against him. He also alleges that
Major McLaughlin is not a politician, not knowing the first rudiments
of the game of diplomacy and laughing at his pretensions as manager of
the great party.
When these matters were called to the attention of Major M->-
Laughlin he said he never desired to occupy his present position as
Chairman of the State Centra! Committee. All the members ar^ aware
of this fact and that he has endeavored to get others to relieve him of
its responsibilities. What he said to the committee on Saturday was in
tended to apply to all bossed. If the shoe fits Rea he is welcome to wear
It is hardly necessary to say that the rank and file of the Republi
can party when the attitudes of tho two men are understood will be
with the Chairman of the State Central Committee rather thpn with the
political schemer of San Jose, and furthermore, "that Major McLaughlln's
stirring declaration will doubtless become the slogan of the party in this
campaign.
CADETS RETURN
FROM CAMP.
The First Regiment League of the Cross
Cadets Arrive in the City After an
Enjoyable Week at Santa Rosa.
Thr- First Regiment League of the Cross
Cadets, under the command of Colonel
W. P. Sullivan Jr., arrived in San Fran
cisco yesterday afternoon from Santa
Rosa, where the week's annual encamp
ment was held this year. The cadets were
all in perfect health and reported having
a most enjoyable time. Colonel Sullivan
slated last evening that tno encampment
was a great success; that the boys had
behaved wonderfully well and that the
regiment had made a very favorable im
pression on the Santa Rosa residents.
Yesterday was the last day In camp for
the boys and on account of it being Sun
day drills were dispensed with. There wa3
a military mass at 9 a. m. celebrated by
Rev. Father Cassln in camp, which was
largely attended by the residents of Santa
Rosa. Father Oussin at the commence
ment of the service statea to the boys
that the mass would be offerod up on be
half of the soldiers in Manila ana also in
behalf of the cadets present at mass. At
the close of the reading of the gospel of
the day the reverend father made the
boys a short address, congratulating them
on their good behavior and their strict
attention to discipline during the encamp
ment. On the arrival of the regiment in
the city this evening it marched up Mar
ket street to its armory, where it was dis
missed.
The Hammer of the Lord.
"The Genius and Rellgrtous Condition
and Prospects of Spain" was the subject
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 25, 1898.
of Rev. J. N. Beard's sermon last even
ing nt Grace M. E. Church, corner Twen
ty-first and Capp streets. The speaker
dwf-U at length upon the principal events
of Spain's history, showing that the In
quisition, the expulsion of the Moors and
Jews and the discovery of America have
largely determined Spain's history. He
said it was absolutery essential to the
progress of Spain that it be opened to
free thought and free worship. "If in the
providence of God the United States is
the hammer of the Lord for that pur
pose then we should have one providen
tial interpretation of th<> present War "
said the speaker, "but if not, the time
cannot be far distant when another con
flict will carry the elements of modern
civilization ami Christian liberty to every
part of this historic people." '
STRUCK A BUMPER
Three Persons Injured in a McAllis
ter-Street Car Accident.
Car 257 of the McAllister-street Hne
crashed into the bumper at Larkin street
last night, slightly injuring three of the
passengers. They are Miss Sarah Woolev
of 2118 Golden Gate avenue, left shoul<i<>r
injured; Miss Ethel Hern, 1922 Golden
Gate avenue, cut over right eye, and J.
Kaufman, 927 Sutter street, abrasion of
cheek and sprain of right thumb. The
car was crowded at the time, and when
the crash came considerable excitement
ensued.
Miss Woolev. who is an elderly woman
was thrown from her seat and it was at
first feared that she was seriously in
jured. Kaufman was sitting inside the
car, and the force of the collision hurled
him against the front window, breaking it
and cutting" his face. Miss Horn was In
jured by a piece of flying glass. The in
iured people were at once removed to the
Receiving Hospital, where their wounda
were dressed.
On account of the accident traffic on the
line was suspended for a ehort time:
THE GREATEST
GOLD REGION
EVER FOUND
Capitalist C. H. Vines So Says
of the New Klondike
Country.
Impressions of an Investor — His Estimate of
This Season's Output About Twelve
Million Dollars.
"To say that I am greatly pleased with
the far north gold country would be ex
pressing my opinion too mildly, for I am
profoundly impressed with the belief that
it is the greatest gold region the world
has ever known. Its richness and possi
bilities of development are beyond con
ception."
The foregoing were the remarks of C.
H. Vines at the Palace yesterday. Mr.
Vines is the attorney for and a member
of a wealthy New York syndicate which
owns a number of the richest claims in
the Klondike and has just returned from
a trip made for the purpose of investigat
ing the properties and their titles. As his
views are from the unbiased standpoint
of a capitalist and not of an excitable
gold-seeker his opinions are of particular
interest and value.
"I had exceptional opportunities to ob
tain certain inside information, particu
larly from the Canadian officials,"' con
tinued Mr. Vines. "For instance, the
Gold Commissioner informed me that he
had on hand $3,00-0,000 in gold dust collec
ted thus far In royalties. At the same
time he said that sum was misleading as
a basis for estimating the output. It was
the opinion of the commissioner that fully
three-fourths of the gold washed out this
season had not been reported and never
would be, as it was Impossible for the au
thorities to keep posted as to the actual
product of the many mines, and they are
largely dependent upon the honesty of the
miners.
"At the herdquparters of the Alaska
Commercial Company I was informed
that they had $4,000,000 in dust, but no
iflfa a.'; to how much more would come in.
They wore alto of the opinion that the
outside world was woefully Ignorant of
the mighty gqld-prod.fecing resources of
the country.
"Tho North American Transportation,
Company was not so communicative. T
had on:;siii,-ral>lp gpl4 dust I desired them
to take care of, but they refused abso
to handle it. They said they had
■both their .largo safes and several big
tool chests full and the available space in
their storeroom was occupied with baps
of the yellow m«'tal, In fact such pack-
THE DANGERS of White Horse Rapids. From
a Snapshot Photograph.
ages were kicking around under foot.
While I was in their office a man came in
•who had born notified by the company to
call and take away a big bag of the stuff
as they would no longer be responsible for
it. All this dust loft on storage with them
was at owner's risk. I should say this
company had several millions on hand.
"As to the real output this season the j
estimates vary greatly, running from |
!t7,000,QC0 to t2a!000.0OO. Probably tii>,ooo,ooo j
to $12,000,000 Will be close to the mark.
However, the great amount sequestered
by miners will BOt be heard of from that
»n. For instance there was a party
of three men who cleaned up $22,000 each
and got away with it without reporting
to the Gold Commissioners. In. another
Where a claim was sold during my
stay for (260,000, the product was reported
to be $50,000, when as a fact the yield was
$300,000. At many of the rich claims I re-"
Quested to be allowed to wash out a pan
Of me dirt, but was curtly refused. The
owners or managers were suspicious and
would not permit any one to get an Idea
of what their claims were producing.
One could see the stuff shoveled into the
Bluices. but that did not give any reliable
line. Still one cannot blame these men
who have undergone so much in the pur
"WHY SPAIN CAN'T WIN."
Rev. Locke Reviews Spain's Cruel
and Tyrannical Rule.
Standing room only was the condition
of the Central Methodist Church on Ml -
Blon street last night. The Rev. C. B.
Lock* discoursed on the war and the ■
reasons "Why Spain can't win." He pre
face his remarks by saying that he made i
no attack on any one denomination, but ,
as history is history it must be repeated
as found, because it is truth.
Starting with the Inquisition in 1481,
which lasted for three centuries, .he
showed that during that time 32,0! X» hu
man beings had been slaughtered by the
Spanish Government because they har
bored independent and conscientious opin
ions differing from those of the Spanish
church: From the reign of Philip II
down to the present day the history of
Spain is one of continuous cruelty. Out
Of a population of 17.000,000 only 4,000,000
can read and write, and the balance are
very little better than slaves. The his
tory of Spain since the dawn of enlight
enment in the middle ages has been as it
was in the days of the, Inquisition, one
of cruelty and tyranny.
When Admiral Cervera was about to
sail for the West Indies he assembled
his crows and told them that Spain of
to-day was the Spain of all times.- In thia I
the "admiral was correct, as Spain has
I never changed and never will until the |
suit of wealth. They say they can't af-
I ford to pay men $15 per day for pick and
shovel work and then give the Canadian
Government one-fifth of the gross yield,
and they are doubtless right.
"What greatly Impressed me is ths
wealth and extent of the bench claims.
As an instance I saw a claim on the ninth
tier in French Gulch which appeared to
be 1000 feet above the creek bed which
' was turning out $1000 per day. What ex
tent of territory this class of pround cov
ers, no man knows and the development
of the diggings will probably occupy
years. As to quartz ledges, after care
ful investigation I am strongly inclined to
the belief that they no longer exist in
that region.
"As to the future possibilitfes I would
say that they are apparently immense.
Anywhere along the Yukon for a distance
of 300 or 400 miles there is a moraine de
posit, the river now flowing in some
places 1000 feet below the old bed. The
reasonable conclusion Is that thia pre
historic river bed must be fabulously rich
in gold as a result of centuries of glacial
action. Of course this proposition Is
based on the now generally accepted .the
ory that the wealth of the Klondike is
due to such an agency.
"Those who have gone to the Yukon or
other rivers expecting to successfully
dredge the river bed for gold will be dis
appointed. The presence of Immense
quantities of detritus In all the large
streams will make such work impossible.
Incidentally If 1 wore going to prospect
for quartz I would go to the North Pacific
coast. There are several thousand miles
of coast line that bear every evidence of
being rich in gold-bearing quartz, and I
believe it Is only a question of a short
time when its existence there will be
proved.
"I crossed the Chllkoot Pass twice and
put in two months at Lake Bennett wait
ing for the ice to go out. I have not seen
I much summer this year. On the 7th of
July we crossed lak^s in which the ice
! waa thick enough to bear up pack horses
nnd the snow iv some places was from
forty to fifty fe.et 'deep. I was the first
; man to secure passage on the initial
Fteamjfr from Dawson up the Yukon.
With improved service this will become
i the favorite route. By going to the Sound
by rail a man can now make the trip to
Dawson by this route in about twelve
days with some degree of comfort, pro
vided there are no unusual delays. There
are now about five miles of the railroad
completed and the company has a force
of ;>OO men at work. I'pon its completion
with the present steamer service on the
lakes and clown the Yukon, the trip will
be comparatively easy.
"The White Horse Rapids constitute a
terrible stretch of water, as is slightly in- I
dicated.by a snapshot kodak picture Ii
took of a French-Canadian batteau mak-
Ing the shoot through the most dangerous !
part. Tho day I was there five men were
drowned and the Ftrange fact in connec
tion with this wild river is that in each
instance where a boat goes down in the
center of the rapids nothing is ever again
seen of man, boat or outfit. Fortunately
accidents are not numerous. The channel
is only about 200 feet wide and is supposed
to be equally deep.
''Truly it is a wonderful country- Not
withstanding the hard trip I have been
greatly benefited in health and I regard
the reeults of my experience as invalu
able."
Mr. VI nek will start for New York to-day
to report to his company.
hand of God is pointed in the direction of
Spain's progress. The same cruel hand
that ruled over Spain in the early days of
the Inquisition can be traced to its history
in the West Indies. If. no sooner pot a
foothold on this side of the world than it
Bet up n system of slavery among the i
unfortunate Indians, who were made to 1
lalior in the mines without obtaining suf
flcient food, and when they refused to
longer work and deserted to the moun
tains they were pursued and flogged. The :
same laws were carried into force in ;
Mexico; Peru, and for that matter in ;
every South American settlement in |
which the armies of Spain landed. The
treasuries were plundered and the natives j
subjected to cruel and brutal laws until
at East they rebelled. In conclusion Dr. •
I.ncke said that Spain cannot win in this -
war," because the nand of God Is against 1
her.
Stmr: Grace Dollar will sail for St. Michael.
Guaronteea connections Yukon River points;
low ratos. Particulars •IS J*kt. or 632 Mkt., r. 8.
Lecture by Miss Ada ifcurctitt.
Miss Ada L.. A. Murcutt, the Australian
organizer of the "Woman's Temperance
Union, delivered her Initial address In
this city yesterday morning at the West
minster Presbyterian Church. The church
was crowded to its utmost capacity witft
hundreds of worshipers from all parts of
the city eager to hear and to see on© of
the greatest of .women temperance ad
V ....' ADVERTISEMENTS. :
EXTRAORDINARY VALUES
. . . I3ST . . .
Three Departments!
On MONDAY, July 25th, and during balance of the week
we will offer the following six exceedingly cheap lines of
goods: ; . .-."•'■■-••"
15 pieces Plaid Taffeta Silks, extra quality,
22 inches wide, latest colorings and
1 Swiss manufacture.
$1.00 Yard.
-. :■ "Worth 81.55. .
25 pieces Printed India Silks, 24 inches
wide, all white and light colored
grounds.
sOc Yard.
Worth 75cand 31.C0 "Yard.. -
15 pieces Black English Figured Brilliant-
ines, 3 different styles, goods 38 ••
inches wide. ' •
sOc Yard.
. , "Worth 750.
30 pieces 52-inch Black Diagonal Tailor
Suiting. '■
.: ... •; . 75c Yard.
Worth. $1.OO. "
18 pieces 48-inch French Bourette, in
navys and browns only.
• sOc Yard.
Former Prioe
20 pieces Fancy Wool Cheviots, eight
different colorings.
25c Yard.
• R-eciuooci from 500.
111. 113. 115, .117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
vocat«s. The subject upon which she lec
tured -was taken from thp Bible and was
purely doctrinal. Its purpose was to
draw an object lesson from the sacred
words of the Scriptures for adaptation
to Christian life of the present genera
tion At the conclusion of the address
liberal applause by the congregation was
rendered in appreciation of the elo
quence and force with which it was ae
livered. »: -^
TWO VERY REMARKABLE
RIFLE SCORES MADE
PRIZE SHOTS HIT AN EQUAL
DISTANCE FROM CENTER.
It Would Not Happen Again in a
Thousand Contests — New Stars
Appear in the Columbia
Club.
It was a pood day for rifle-shooting at
the Shell Mound range yesterday, and the
attendance was above the average, for
all that many of the shooters are now
out in the country chasing the elusive
deer.
In the San Francisco Schuetzen \e
rein's monthly bullseye contest J.
Buettler carried off the first money with
'32 points or degrees as shown by the
measuring machine. This was remark
able, for in the Germania Schuetzen
Club's monthly bullseye match J. Gefken
made the same score, 232, also carrying
off the first money. When it is remem
bered that the machine on which the
shots are measured performs its work to
I the thousandth part of an inch it is read
ily seen lhat two such scores are not
I likely to be made once in a million times.
D W- McLaughlin made his appear
i ancfl on the range after attending the big
National Bundfest that recently took
place at Glendale, L. L. and he was kept
busy telling his friends how the best
marksmen of the United States compare
with those of the Pacific Coast. Judging
from the fact that Mac carried off some
of the nrst prizes it is safe to infer that
the marksmen of other places are not so
very much ahead of those who stand at
the head in rifle matters out W est.
On tie 2nO-yard rifle range of the Co
lumbia Pistol and Rifle Club A. B. Dor
rell stood high man for the day with -IS
points Columbia target count, and J. P.
Co "grave was high on the 00-yard range
with the pistol, his score being 08. The
scores of the several clubs were as.fol
lows:
(. Francisco Schuetzen Club, bullseye shoot.
machine f mpksurement-Flrnt. .J. Buettler. 232
points; second, Otto Burmelßter 4jO; third, .A.
H pip • MS; fourth, H. >SteMng.-.s<i. fifth.
William Ehrenpfort ~ Bixth, Henry Meyer,
■ Ml: seventh. John Gefken 929: eighth. H. F.
I lnkendey 954; ninth, C. Nobman, 9»S: tenth,
Ftp Ftp Schuster, 975; eleventh.' Otto Lemcke,
••twelfth, John Ilortsmann, 1126; thirteenth,
F Koch,' 11.34 ' 'Tvteenth. John Tiedemann,
1158 fifteenth, Haake 1173; sixteenth. J. W.
Goe'tze 1339; seventeenth, John de Wit, 1434;
eighteenth; D. B. Faktor. 14K; nineteenth, F.
L Pap» 1520: twentieth, , H. Zecher, 1538. .
Germanla Schuetzen Club monthly bullseye
■hoot machine measurement— First, John Gef
ken i 232 -points ; second, L. Haake. 320; third,
I). B. Faktor. MS; fourth, D. Salfleld, 697; fifth,
H Zecher, 735: sixth. A. Jungbluth, 597; sev
enth. H. Lilkencley, 941; eighth, F. P. Schus
ter, 962; ninth, John Tledemanu, 1091; tenth, F.
Rust. 1135; eleventh. C. Nobmann, 1337. ■
Norddeutscher Schuetzen Club, 20 shots, Ger
man 23-rlng target for class — Champion
class, F. P. Schuster, 437. First class— F.
Koch. 402. Second- class— Not filled. Third class
— D Schinkel, 362. Fourth class— Not ailed.
Best first shot— F: P. . Schuster, 23. Best last
shot— H. Stelllns-. 23. •,•••*
Red -Men's Sehuetzen • Vereln, for class med
als, 20 shots, . German 25-rinK target— Champion
— John Tfeclrnann 396 rings. ■. First
class— E. Schlorbaum 330.' Second class—Wil
liam Dressier 357. Third class— F. Richards,
258. Fourth class— H. Grieb, 289.
'-Best first shot— John Tiedmann, 23. Best last
William Kreutzkann, 24.
- Columbia Pistol- and Rifle ' Club, re-entry
matches, Columbia target, open to all comers—
Pistol 50 yards. ' • <•," . .
- Siebe pistol .medal, 10 shots— P. Cosrrave
SS-C4; G. M. Barley, ,6l. .• >-.;,- ,
: 22-caliber rifle -medal and' Roos trophy for
ladies— A. B. Porrell, 18, 20. 20: Mrs. Q.. Man
nell, 31, 34; Mrs. M. J. White. 3S, 40. ••
Rifle, 200 : yards, members' rifle medal ten
shots— A. B. Dorrell, 48, 60; M. Carlllo, 121
Bushnell military rifle medal," 10 shots Creed
more count — A. ■H. Pape, 47. ■ •
■ All comers' rifle medal,, 10 shots— A.' H. PaDe
84. 57; Dr. Rodgers, GO. . ... ■'
gOiOBE^n
BQWEN
The tea tax has to be paid. Who
Is to pay It, you or us ? After care-
fully weighing both sides pro and
con we conclude to pay it ourselves
If the tax remains a year It will
cost us thousands of dollars, but
we believe it will almost double our
- tea business and will pay . In the
long run
You save ten cents on every
pound of tea you buy here
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday . Wednesday
C X whiskey - 3 bottles $2
. regularly $i and $4 . gallon 2
-■':, Try it with the ginger ale on gle this
week.' You may need somt in the
country where good whiskey is scarce
Coffee (Pasha blend) »i*>»jsc «"^OC
reg'ly 35c 3 1b canister 95c
Constantly increasing sales prove fts
merit.— Pure
Chutney (Bombay) • pt» 30c
regularly 50c and 75c qt's i>OC
The very popular Indian condiment
and most appetizing reljsh known ■
Cocktails (Imperial) 90C
regularly Si 25 ,6 kinds.' *' . .
Convenient because ready for use. ;
Baking powder (Excelsior) " [^ $ &*
. regulary 45c and $1.50
• Saves worry and disappointment
Never fails when used right
Gelatine M tat » d *5 II I Jj
There are two sizes packed. This is
' the larger ; ' •
Ginger ale {Cochrane & Co) il.'j'j *
• regularv $1.50 doz
Direct? Importation from Belfast
Toilet : paper (Belvedere) doz $1 10
regulary $1 50
A superior paper islnow being used
for this brand — 1000 sheets :
Dates' (Black, Ford) ' lO c "
■ regularly 1 5c 1b • ■>v**' r V;
' Always seasonable •.• ' 13? •
Brilliantine (Pm<mr 8 ) f ma!l 2 3«
large 30
. ; regularly 30c and 40c bottle
• Imparts lustre to the hair .
Pocket whisks ioC
' regularly 15c
...Handy and 'convenient to have with
you at all times. Substantially mad*
I Nail brushes (bone handle) 'CoC
. ; regularly 75c . s ••",
v Mail orders' entitled to these prlcw If. posted a*
later than Wednesday -\ v
: 45a Pine 215 Suiter 2800 California San Fr«nc!sc«
j ten. Clay be»vcn* Eleventh and Twelfth OaklaaS
; ' •
I ■Rad way's Ready. Relief for Sprtins. Bnilssa.
I Bore Muscles. Cramps, Burns, Sunburns, Back-
acne.- Headache, Toothache, Rheumatism. Neil.
I ralela. Lumbago. Internally for all Bowel
I f, *»««. Colic, Diarrhoea, Dysenterr. Choler*
Morbus and .Slcknesa, Nausea, etc All dn»««