VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO. 1«6.
SENSATIONAL ALLEGATIONS OF BRIBERY
AGAINST THE BOARD OF EDUCATION
Directors Charged With Having Ac=
cepted Money for the Lincoln
School Lease.
Samuel L. Waller of the Board
Named as the Mao Who
Handled the Sack.
A sensational suit was filed in the
Superior Court yesterday, in which at
least seven members of the Board of
Education are accused outright of hav
ing accepted bribes, and, along with
several outsiders, of having partici
pated in one of the most outrageous
scandals that has eve come to light
in San Francisco.
During the past two years there has
been a strong undercurrent of talk that
the present Board of Education has*
been corrupt. There have been ru
mors of jobs, both large and small, in
which the members have been impli
cated, but the charges have never been
brought home to them.
While many attempts have been
made to expose the shameless actions
of what was said to be a ring in the
board, they have never succeeded up
to the present time. If the allegations
in the complaint filed yesterday are
true, the rascals in the ring have now
disagreed just as their term of office is
about to terminate, and The Call is
thus enabled to-d. -- to expose the
knavery of these men in high places.
The prime conspirator, it is alleged,
is Director Samuel L. Waller. He is
said to be the "business man" of the
board, through whom the votes of at
least six others vere bartered away for
a money consideration. He implicates
as the directors whom he could con
trol, Directors P •. Gallagher, Ban
tel, Burns, Drucker and Hammond.
This, with his own vote, made the con
trolling' seven. And President --arring
ton and Director Carew he also is said j
to have counted upon when it came to
Voting.
The sensational disclosure of the
venality of the alleged board was
brought to the surface yesterday
through the filing of an innocent look
ing suit. This action, commenced in
the Superior Court, is entitled John P.
Reynolds, plaintiff, vs. the San Fran
cisco Real Estate Investment Com
pany (a corporation) and P. J. Crim-
JAMES A. SNOOK, Who Reynolds Says Manipulated the
School Board.
mins. E. W. Williams and James A.
Snook, defendants.
Back of this simple recital Is all the
scandal incidental to the leasing of the
Lincoln School property last December
by the Board of Education. At the time
of letting the lease The Call learned
that crooked work would be attempted,
and detailed a man especially to follow
up the case. He could not develop
where the scheming would be attempt
ed, but as the following narrative dis
closes his presence deterred the arch
conspirators from carrying out their
original plans.
Reynolds, who is the plaintiff in the
suit, is a nev/spaper reporter who was
for years detailed for work in the City
i.all. The plotters, who were endeav
oring to secure the valuable leasehold
on the property on the corner of Market
The San Francisco Call
and Fifth streets, knowing hie intimate
knowledge of the various departments
secured his aid to carry out their ne
farious schemes. In an affidavit printed
elsewhere he goes into the most minute
details of the unsavory scheme by
which the board was manipulated and
makes grave charges against a num
ber of city officials. Of the men he ac
cuses of malfeasance in office Samuel
L. Waller is a School Director, Charles
\V. Welch is secretary of the Board of
Education, James A. Snook, the alleged
moving- spirit of all the corruption,
was then secretary of the Grand Jury,
and E. W. Williams, clerk in the Jus
tices' Court. In addition to these Phil
Crimmins, the politician, was also in
volved, being one of the directors in
the corporation seeking the lease.
The specific acts of corruption ncr\v
charged developed over the leasing of
the Lincoln School property. This con
sists of eleven business buildings, be
tween the Emporium and Fifth street,
on Market. Some three years ago the
Board of Education, having the prop
erty under its jurisdiction, advertised
for bids for the leasing of the property.
The tenants brought suit to enjoin the
board from granting the lease, and the
Supreme Court finally decided in favor
of the board. All this time Phil Crim
mins and James A. Snook contemplated
bidding for the lease. J. A. McDonald
also had the same object in view.
When the lease was in a condition to
be offered to the highest bidder in
open market Crimmins and Snook, ac
cording to Reyno-lds' sworn statement,
decided that the surest way to secure
the coveted document was to put up
sufficient money to buy the votes of the
School Directors. Snook, who is one of
Crimmins' closest friends, has contracts
for all hardware supplied the Board of
Education and for all the wagon mater
ial supplied the Fire Department. These
valuable concessions may be among
the "services rendered" by the board,
and for which $4000 in money is alleged
to have been paid Director Waller.
It was at this stage of the proceed
ings that Mr. Reynolds swears he was
approached by E. W. Williams, clerk
in the Justices' Court. The outcome of
this meeting was a conference between
Reynolds, Snook and Waller. At this
conference, he says, Waller agreed for
the sum of $4000 and for the additional
sum of $1000 for himself to purchase
enough votes in the Board of Education
to secure the lease for these people.
Waller was to be the almoner of these
people, paying them as the votes were
delivered. That he carried out his part
Reynolds declares is evidenced by the
fact that the majority voted solidly
every time anything came before them
affecting this corporation's interest in
the Lincoln School property lease.
The first "services rendered" was
when the advertisements calling: for
bids was proposed. These advertise
ments were- prepared by Alexander
Vogelsang, attorney for the Board of
Education, and by Jacob Samuels, who
had been employed by the corporation
to represent it before the board. They
were so jumbled ud as to be impossible
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1898— TIIIRTY-TA\ O PAGES.
Snook announced that we had come to an understanding, and I then said to
Waller, "Have you seven votes in that board that you can count on?" He said,
"I have." I said, 'How much will it cost to control those votes in the interest of
this lease?" He said, "It will cost $4000." Snook said: "That is all right We
are willing to pay $4000. We will pay you $4000 if you will carry out your agree
ment with us and deliver us that lease." I then asked him for the names of those
he could control, and he gave them as follows : Dr. Ragan, Gallagher, Bantel,
Burns, Drucker, Hammond and himself, making in all seyen votes. — Extract From
John P. Reynolds' Sensational Affidavit.
JOHN P. REYNOLDS, the Man Who Declares the Board of Edncation Was Bribed.
to understand. This had its effect, as
but two tenants of the property bid for
the stores occupied by them. These
were Marston, the restaurant man, and
Prager, a clothier. No one else could
seem to fit their bids to the extraordi
nary- wording of the specially prepared
advertisements. This was victory num
ber one for the corporation and its hire
ling? in the board.
The next victory was in regard to the
bond originally required of each bidder.
When the syndicate put in its bid it
agreed to give a bond for $100,000. Tho
conspirators stood by that offer until
they saw the job was safely through.
At that time, it is said, Jacob Samuels
requested the board to reduce this to
$25,000 or $30,000. There was more than
method in his madness. While they
were in a position to give the required
bond the four men who had agreed to
act as sureties each demanded as com
pensation a block of stock in the cor
poration. In the meantime a surety
company had been found that would
give a gilt edge bond for one-half of
one per cent or about $150 per year.
The action of the board in accepting
this bond was, it is alleged, the per
formance of a duty they had agreed to
render when they were subsidized.
In keeping with this was the alleged
action of the board in the matter of
insurance. Under the condition of the
lease the insurance would go to the city
if the buildings were destroyed, the
syndicate paying the premium. To a
committee from the board was dele
gated the duty of visiting insurance
companies and securing a maximum
of insurance. This committee, Reynolds
swears, visited companies already
fixed by the syndicate and the highest
amount of insurance they could secure
was $24,000. Director Derham opposed
this, affirming that he could secure
$65,000. In spite of this showing the re
port of the committee was accepted,
showing, according to the plaintiff,
that the "solid seven" still remained
bought.
When the time came for the opening
of bids, so states the complaint, the
manipulators in the Board of Educa
tion laid their plans carefully. Secre
tary C. W. Welch was to open the bids.
SNOOK DENIES REYNOLDS' ALLEGATIONS.
James A. Snook, one of the originators of the San Francisco Real Estate Investment Company, em
phatically denies the charges made by Reynolds, that the lease of the Lincoln School property was ob
tained by bribery. Mr. Snook says:
"The suit filed by Reynolds is a flagrant attempt to blackmail. He is not entitled to 875 shares of
stock in our corporation. He lies when he says we secured the lease of the Lincoln School property by
bribing members of the School Board, through School Director Waller. No money was ever paid to Waller
or to any one else to obtain that -ease. We were the highest bidders, and for that reason the lease was
given to the Investment Company.
"It is true that the books of the corporation contain an entry of $5000 paid to Attorney Jacob Sam
uels. This sum was paid ior legal services rendered by Mr. Samuels and was not used to bribe any one.
I never met Waller in the Louvre and never, directly or indirectly, paid him any money for the purpose of
getting that lease.
"Reynolds was one of tne original members of the corporation. He was given 1000 shares of stock
in consideration for services in connection with the newspapers. When we organized he was employed
on The Call and he told us he could prevent any adverse criticism being made in that and the other cicy
papers if an attempt was made to secure the lease referred to. I have known him for a number of years
and thought he was honest. Some time ago he was borrowing money on his stock and Mr. Trevor, the
present secretary of the corporation, hearing the stock was being peddled around to money-lenders,
bought it all.
"I wish to emphatically state that there is not a word of truth in Reynolds' story."
The amount in the document supplied
by the syndicate was to be left blank
and Secretary Welch was to fill in the
amount after scanning the other bids.
This course was abandoned as a Call
reporter, specially detailed for. the pur
pose, was watching the proceedings.
In lieu of this information was ob
tained by which the corporation was
enabled to bid $41 per month more than
the next highest bidder, thus securing
the lease.
This lease, which Reynolds avers was
obtained by fraud, and is thus illegal, is
very valuable. The syndicate pays at
the present time $4000 per month rental
to the board. It receives from its ten
ants $4800. The lease runs for ten
years. No tenant has a lease for more
than five years and some have one only
from month tc month. There is a
gradual culling out of the bad tenants,
so that it 1b estimated that when half
the term of years has expired there
will be a net profit of $2000 per month
on the $4000 invested. This would ex
plain the anxiety of the syndicate to
secure the leasehold.
The first incorporators of San Fran
cisco Real Estate Investment Company
were merely dummies used by Snook
and Crimmins to further their plans.
It was intended, according to Reynolds'
story, that at the proper time they
would be retired and the arch-conspira
tors would take the helm. The origi
nal incorporators who are not impli
cated in the alleged purchase of School
Directors were P. J. Martin, C. S. Ben
edict, F. M. Meigs and Fred B. Burnell
of San Francisco and O. M. Tupper of
Oakland. These were dropped one by
one until when the critical time was
reached and the lease secured they had
all been retired. The principals in the
corporation now are James A. Snook,
ex-secretary of the Grand Jury; E. W.
Williams, clerk in Justices' Court; John
P. Reynolds and Phil Crimmins, poli
tician. The original board was pur
posely composed of substantial busi
ness men to lend incorporation to it.
Mr. Reynolds says that after he had
carried out his part of the agreement
regarding the securing of the valuable
lease, as he certifies to in his com
plaint, he received but 1000 of the 1850
shares. He has been unable to make
his associates disgorge the balance, but
affirms that he will bring all the power
of the courts to bear on them.
After the crnnplaint was filed with
the County Clerk Mr. Reynolds went
before a notary public and swore to
the affidavit published elsewhere in
this column. This affidavit is now . in
the hands of his attorneys.
REYNOLDS MAKES MANY
SERIOUS ALLEGATIONS
Charges Various City Officials
With Malfeasance in
Office.
The affidavit made by John P. Rey
nolds reads as follows:
In the Superior Court
In and for the City and County of
San Francisoo, State of Cali
fornia.
John P. Reynolds,
Plaintiff,
vs.
San Francisco Real Estate In
vestment Company (a cor
poration) and P. J. Crim
mins, E. W. Williams and.
James A. Snook,
Defendants.
State of California, )
City and County of San \ ss.
Francisco, )
JOHN P. REYNOLDS, the plain
tiff above named, being duly
sworn, deposes and says :
During the month of December, 1897,
E. W. Williams, clerk of the Justices
Court, during a conversation in his of
fice in the City Hall asked me if I was
willing to make some money. I replied
that 1 was, and he said that there was
money to be made out of the lease of
the Lincoln School property, consisting
of eleven buildings on Market street,
Five Thousand Dollars Said to
Have Been Distributed Among
Seven Men for Services.
extending from the Emporium to Fifth
street. I asked him what the nature
of the business was. He said that the
lease, by virtue of decision of the Su
preme Court, was about to be let and
that if we went the right way about it
it could be acquired. He said there
were a number of bidders for it, some
of them tenants and some who knew
the value of the affair, and that it
might be a hard contest, but that he
and his friends were willing: to spend
a considerable amount of money, even
up to $5000, in order to get possession
of this lease. He asked me if I had
any influence with the Board of Educa
tion. I told him that I had, and he
asked me if I could talk business to
them. I said I could. I said I could
talk to Mr. Walker. He said, "Well,
you see Mr. Waller and find out
whether he can control things." I told
him that Waller was the mainspring of
the "business men" of the Board of Ed
ucation, and he instructed me to go
ahead and break the ice, gets things
in shape and see what we could do. I
called on Mr. Waller and told him that
I represented people who were think
ing of bidding on that thing, and
thought there might be some money in
it for some of the members if things
went just right. He said: "I don't
object. That is what lam here for."
I told him that I w T ould see him again
and introduce him to some of my peo
ple. In the mean time I had been in
troduced to James A. Snook, who was
at that time secretary of the Grand
Jury, and who was the main mover in
the scheme to get possession of the
lease. Snook told me to "tie" Waller
up, to get him in such a oosition that
we could talk business together. I did
so by arranging a meeting, called on
Waller at hia place of business at the
corner of Grant avenue and Geary
street, made an appointment to meet
him that evening at the Louvre restau
rant at the corner of Market and
O'Farrell streets. I also informed
Snook of the meeting, and we three got
together there. Waller was given to
understand that Snook and I were In a
measure rivals for the possession of
this lease. A secret agreement ex
isted between Snook and Waller, by
which Waller was to receive compen
sation for his services in manipulating
SAMUEL L. WALLER, to Whom Reynolds Alleges tie
Bribe Money Was Pail
the board over and above whatever
sum was paid for the votes of the
board.
Q. How do you know that such a se
cret agreement existed?
A. Snook told me so. It was all done
right there in the room. Whon we had
had a drink and got settled down to
business we wrangled about getting to
gether and not have a fight over this
thing. We agreed that we had better
be amicable about it. We got Waller
to talk about the manner in which he
could control the board, and then Pnook
and I, in pursuance of a previous un
derstanding, decided to go outside and
try to "get together" ourselves, mak
ing an appointment for an hour later
at the same place. We went outside
and took a ride on the cars, and it
was then arranged that I was to push
Waller to the wall by asking him point
blank what it would cost in coin to
control that Board of Education, and
also the names of the directors who
could be controlled, and all particulars.
Snook announced that we had come
to an understanding, and I then said to
Waller, "Have you seven votes In that
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
John P. Reynolds Makes a Start
ling Affidavit Involving
High Officials.
board that you can count on?" He said,
"I have." I said, 'How much will it
cost to control those votes in the in
terest of this lease?" He said, "It will
cost $4000." Snook said, "That is all
right. We are willing to pay $4000. We
will pay you $.000 if you will carry out
your agreement with us and deliver ua
that lease." I then asked him for the
names of those he could control and he
gave them as follows: Dr. Ragan, Gal
lagher, Bantel, Burns, Drucker, Ham
mond and himself, making in all seven
votes. Besides this he said Barrington
was safe enough, as he always voted
with the majority and that Mr. Carew
would probably come in all right and ha
was Interested in keeping solid with
the majority combination of the board.
Q. But he said that neither of these
men would cost him anything?
A. I am going to explain that. Yes.
It is understood that neither Barring
ton nor Carew would be approached
with coin. He said also some of the
others would come in without being
paid; that Hammond and Drucker,
through friendship for himself and Dr.
Ragan, could be easily handled. I know
that to be a fact also because Drucker
has always followed Ragan and Ham
mond—well, I won't mention who It
was that he followed. The remainder
were to be paid a portion of the coin.
It was definitely agreed at that time
that Waller was to receive for the
benefit of those who voted the sum of
$4000, no definite amount to be named
for any certain director. We don't know
whether he ever paid that or how ha
paid it or anything about it. We know
that it was paid.
Q. You know that you paid it?
A. I know that the corporation paid
it, but whether he paid $500 or $1000 to
each of them, or put it in his pocket, or
paid it out in $50 driblets, I don't know
anything about it. When the question
of services was arrived at the first we
required was the wording of the adver-
tisement for bids in such a manner that
no one outside of the corporation could
understand what was wanted.
Q. What corporation do you refer to?
A. The San Francisco Real Estate
Investment Company.
Q. That corporation was organized
prior to these conversations?
A. It was being organized at that
time. Just what date the papers were
filed I don't know, but it was formed,
of course, prior to the getting of the
lease. This thing was all a sort of trust
arrangement among ourselves. There
were no documents or anything: of that
kind. We simply agreed to do certain
things and it was carried along in that
way.
Q. Explain how that corporation was
formed?
A. The corporation that was origi
nally formed to secure a lease was, in
fact, a dummy. A Mr. Martin, who was
a capitalist, who was reputed to be
worth $250,000, was its president, and &
number of well-known business men
Continued on Third Page.2
DEMOCRATS
CUT AVOID
CONTROVERSY
Struggle for Minority
Leadership.
TO CONTEST BAILEY'S POLICY
THEN WILL COME THE DISCARD-
ING OF SILVER ISSUE.
Bourbons in the House Realize That
Desperate Steps Must Be Taken
to Reunite Their Old
Party.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, Nov. 12.
Democrats are now willing to con
cede the next House to the Republi
cans. There will be no epeakership light
for them now and they have some hope
thai in the absence of responsibility
for legislation they may be able to
avoid an open display of their differ
ences. It is understood, however, that
they will not be abie to entirely avoid
a controversy over the leadership.
Efforts are now being made to insure j
a contest of Bailey's leadership in cau
cus, with a view of directing the party
into a different line of policy from
that which Mr. Bailey advocates. The
question of foreign policy and influence
of the Eastern element in the Democ- !
racy will play an important part, and '
it is likely mat differences of opinion i
which exist will be displayed almost as
prominently as ii the party were in J
possession of responsibility.
A struggle to mliuenoe the course of
Democracy in the future is already
foreshadowed, and it appears very
probable that there will be a very de
cided shaking up in the party between
now and li>uo.
The radical silver men are going to
be attacked on two sides, first, by
the Eastern element, wnich will be
very strongly represented m the mi
nority m congress, who will contend
that the Democratic hopes based on
free silver in the West have been
blighted by the result oi the election,
ana thai ihe future of . the party will
depend on me East being again
brought into line by the abandonment
of the Sliver question; ana secondly,
they will be attacked in a mure indi
rect way by ihe element which, while
not hostile to silver, will be determined
to give prominence to issues growing
out of the war with Spain and the
adoption by the administration of a
policy (.-•£ expansion.
A good many Democrats believe that
an iiiiiiieii.se amount of political capi
tal can be made during the next two ■
years out of the course of the admin
istration in dealing with Cuba, Porto ;
Rico and the Philippines. They recog
nize that the problems confronting the
administration in this matter are very
difficult, and that no matter how wisely
they are dealt with the President can
not escape criticism from some quarter
nor avoid some embarrassment which
might be turned to political advantage
by an opposing party. This presents so
tempting a prospect that some who
wouid not willfully advocate the aban
donment of the free silver issue are de
voting much more time to its considera
tion than they are to the Chicago plat
form issue. By some it is felt to be
almost inevitable that the settlement
of our colonial policy being the upper -
most question of consideration before
Congress, political thought will be fo
upon it and issues will grow out
of the discussion which cannot fail to
take a prominent position in the poli
t the next two years, and whicfi
wii! serve to assist in an effort which
will be made within the Democratic
party to have the money question rele- '
grated to the secondary position.
STRIKE OF VIROEN
MINERS AT AN END
Settlement Is Effected and the Shafts
Soon Will Be in Oper
ation.
CARLINVILLE, 111., Nov. 12.— The dif- !
ferences between the Chicago-Virden Coal
' any at Yirden and Auburn and the
Striking miners have been settled, and tne
will Boon be In operation. Tne
company managers agreed to pay the
State scale of 4" cents per ton, but did not :
•want to tear down the stockade. Finally
they accepted the offer or the miners to
It duwn and charge the company
nothing for the labor.
Adjutant General Reese of Springfield
I Sheriff Davenport thai the re
maining ixoopa guarding the Chicago-
Virden Coal Company's shaft at Virden
would be removed to-day, and asked him
rr j ■ 1 a number of deputies there to
guard the plant when the soldiers left
Sheriff Davenport requested the adjutant
v to keep the troopfl there until
. . us he would be better able to
cope with the situation. Since the uiffer
(ix . s have been settled between the com
and the miners troops are no longer
needed.
The Grand Jury adjourned to-day until
Monday. Great pressure Is being orought
to lriir by influential persons that noth
ing shall result from its investigation. A
prominent member of the jury admitted
to-day that such was the case, but he in
dignantly declared that it was the inten
tion of the Grand Jury not to be aftecteu
by any out6ide pressure.
HEAVENS ILLUMINED
BY FALLING METEORS
Many Observations of the Phenom
enon Obtained at the Lick
Observatory.
SAN JOSE. Nov. 12— Great meteoric
showers, which occur every thirty-three
years, are now visible between the hours
of 1 and 5 a. m. This morning the first
display occurred and there will be others
to-morrow and Monday mornings. Sun
day's display will be the brightest. These
showers are due each November, but it
Is only every third of a century that they
are of unusual moment.
Many observations were made at Lick
Observatory this morning, but it is yet
too soon to know tha results. Astrono
mers at Mount Hamilton report a line
view of falling meteors and great prepa
rations for taking notes of to-morrow
morning's showers.
SICKNESS DECREASING.
Coloradans at Manila Receiving Im-
proved Rations.
DENVER. Nov. 12.— Governor Adams
to-day received the following cablegram
from Brigadier General Hale, from whom
he bad requested information as to the
condition of the Colorado volunteers at
MANiI,A. Nov. In— Governor Alva
\ dams Denver: 'Sickness moderate; de-
SSSS«rnothto« dangerous; Colorado
: rations improved. _ HALE.
■ ,. V ... . made on furniture aha pianos, with
or iS removal. J. Noonan.loi7-io23Mlß.ion.
GOVERNMENT
WILL NOT TAKE
A HAND NOW
Not Ready to. Inter
fere in Race War.
TOLBERT CANT BE AIDED
NOT WOUNDED WHILE IN DIS
CHARGE OF OFFICIAL DUTY.
An Investigation of the Troubles in
South Carolina Shows Federal
Troops Are Not Needed
at Present.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Nov. Except in
the unlooked-for event of a recurrence
of the race riots in South Carolina it
is altogether improbable that the Gov
ernment will interfere by force or
otherwise. The Attorney General had
another conference with the President
this morning in regard to the matter
and the co-nclusion was promptly
reached that, as the demonstrations
were not directed against the Collector
of Customs in the performance of his
duties as such, the Government had no
authority under the constitution or
laws to exercise its Federal authority.
Collector Tolbert was shot while away
from his home and on business entirely
disconnected from that of his office,
and under these circumstances the
Government, it is said, has not a
shadow of right to interfere. If the
Collector had been shot in the Mis
charge of his official duties and in an
effort to enforce the laws of the United
States, the duty of the Government
would have been clear. In the present
case it is said, however, that the law
less acts of the mob were not directed
against the execution of the laws of
the United States, but against the in
dividual.
The case would have been the same
had Tolbert been shot on the highway
by a robber. Administration officials
have no sympathy with the Carolina
rioters and regard their acts with ab
horrence, but up to this time, it is
said, there is no evidence that would
warrant any interference by the Gov
ernment. The Attorney General late
last night sent the following telegram
to the Assistant United States Attor
ney at Anderson, near Phoenix, S. C:
Department of Justice. Washington
Nov. 11.-Erne.=t F. Cochran. Assistant
United States Attorney. Anderson, a. C...
You will at once take energetic ftep^to- |
curring the necessary expense, to ascer- I
tain the exact situation in Greenwood and
adjoining counties and report the same
immediately by wire to me, with a view
to advising me whether any condition of
insurrection or disturbance exists, such
as would justify the Federal authorities
in interfering to «sg™Ut. GRIGGS ,
Attorney General.
To this the following response has
been received:
ANDERSON, S. C. Nov. H-— The At
torney General. Washington, D. C.. My
information is that there was much Hot
insr near Greenwood and at Phoenix on
Tuesday and Wednesday. Several negroes
were killed and wounded. One white man
was killed and several wounded. On
Thursday there was also some rioting,
but the conditions were quiet. My informa- ;
tion is that it is quiet there now, though ,
the community is very much excited.
From all the information I have 1 think
that P^ederal intervention would be too j
late now. It seems the mobs were es- ,
pecially anxious to get at the Tolberts, i
and I am informed that they are now i
all safely out of their reach. Intense ex
citement still prevails, but there is no
violence now. Will wire further to-mor- \
row ERNEST F. COCHRAN.
Assistant United States Attorney.
ATLANTA, Ga., Nov. 12.— A special
to the Journal from Greenwood, S. C,
says: Advices from Phoenix City re- ]
port everything quiet there to-day. It
has been decided not to take the Tol
berts back, and consequently no further
trouble is anticipated. The inquest
over the dead negroes will be held to
morrow. ,
BUSINESS BLOCKS AND
RESIDENCES BURNED
Canyon City, Or., Visited by a Hun
dred Thousand Dollar Con
flagration.
BAKER CITY. Or., Nov. 12.— Fire was
discovered In the Elkhnrn Hotel at Can
yon CHy, Grant County, at 11 o'clock
last night, and within two hours the en
tire business portion and a number of
residences were reduced to ashes. The
tire department was unable to success
fully combat the flames, owing to a lack
of water. The buildings were mostly
frame and the fire made rapid progress.
The conflagration was. due to the ex
plosion of a lamp. The loss will exceed
$100 000. The insurance is not obtainable.
Following were the losst-s:
A. Hlnrh. Kenpral memhandis-p; Q. D. Over
holt, general merchandise; Cunnington & Hors
lty. Kt-neral merchandise; Brown & Simpson,
general merchandise; A. J. Stevens, notions,
etc ; Thompson & Co., drups: Dr. J. \V. Ash
ford drutc? and residence; F. C. SpIM, city
brewery and saloon; Clark & Guernsey. Red
Front saloon: News printing office; Mrs. J.
■\V Athford, millinery: Mrs. Jamen Robinson,
millinery: F. C. Sells, old court house, used
as a lodging houiie: A. Hinrh. shoe shoi>; Elk
horn Hotel; City Hotel; two blacksmith eh"j>s;
two livery stables; harness shop: tin stores;
residences of W. H. Short, D. G. Overholt,
W H. Clark, F. C. S-!ls. A. Hlnch, D. 1.
Asbury, Thornton Williams, Mrs. James Rob
inson and Mrs. John Smith.
In August, 1870, Canyon City was en
tirely destroyed by fire.
Workman Badly Scalded.
SANTA car/. Nov. 12.— Warren King
was badly scalded to-day by falling into
a vat at the paper mills at Soquel.
THE WORK OF THE CALL APPRECIATED.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 13. 1898.
SLAYS HIS WIFE,
HER MOTHER,
THEN HIMSELF
Suicide of ao E' Dorado County
I^esideQt Follows the Com
mission of Two Murders.
PLACERVILLE, Nov. 12.— Shingle Mills,
a small settlement in this county, was the
scene of a triple tragedy this evening.
"Jack" Nickle shot and killed both his wife
and his mother-in-law with a Winchester
rifle. Afterward he removed the shoe
from his right foot and with his toes dis
charged the rifle at his own breast, killing
himself almost instantly.
The exact cause of the tragedy is not
known here, but it is supposed that Nickle
was not in his right mind. There had
been some differences between Nickle and
his wife, and he probably came to the con
clusion that Mrs. Nickle's mother was
fomenting the discord and resolved to slay
them both. The assassin and suicide was
a young man.
ALL EUROPE
IS WATCHING
UNCLE SAM
Entry of Arena of East
ern Colonization.
CAUSES MUCH ATTENTION
EXPANSION IDEA MEETS TH3
APPROVAL OF ENGLAND.
Words of Premier Salisbury Have
Thrown Continental Chancel
leries Into a State of
Stupefaction.
Copyrighted, 189S, by the Associated Press.
LONDON, Nov. 12.— During the past
week the United States has occupied
the attention of Europe to a greater
degree than at any time since the bat
tles at Santiago. The entry of the
American republic into the arena of
Eastern colonization has attracted
widespread and varied attention, and
never before have the phases and is
sues of an American election been so
generally and eagerly canvassed and
so intelligently commented on.
The supposed indorsement of the so
called expansion idea by the electors
of the United States has commanded a
chorus of approval in Great Britain,
while the journalistic spokesmen in
Fram-p. Russia and Germany exhibit
an equal unanimity of disapproval.
On the heels of the election, the Mar
quis of Salisbury threw the chanceller
ies of Europe a portentlously ambigu
ous phrase which they have not yet
succeeded in satisfactorily dissecting.
Then came Emperor William's change
of course toward the Spanish shores,
1 which Europeans, ever quick to dis
cover political portents In the move
; ment of royalty, are construed "as an
exhibition of pro-Spanish sympathy.
The Marquis of Salisbury remains so
loyal a devotee to the old style of di
plomacy, which employs words to con
fuse meanings, that his deliverances
frequently inspire as many discordant
: interpretations as there are interpre
ters. * But there are no proofs what
j ever in support of any construction of
1 his latest declaration implying a
waning of friendliness to the United
Stftftes. On the contrary, all signs
point to a unanimous welcome of the
1 United States' entrance upon the role
of a Philippine landlord from the Eng
lish Government and people, though it
is accompanied by the assumption
which the London Times emphasizes
that "our unity of Interests in that
quarter of the globe depends upon
maintenance of the policy of the open
; door."
Hecker Returns to Havana.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 12.— Colonel Heck
er of the Quartemaster's Department,
who returned from Havana a week ago,
will leave to-morrow for that city to com
plete the work which he Inaugurated pre
paratory to the reception of the Ameri
can troop%.
LOVE DISPLACES
THOUGHT OF GAIN
Bride- Elect Renounces a
Fortune.
SIGNS A QUEER CONTRACT
WILL NOT INHERIT HER HUS
BAND'S ESTATE.
Agreement Entered Into by T lrs.
Adele Muller of Santa Bar
bara and a Chicago Man
Before Wedding.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Nov. 12.— For the privilege
of marrying Charles Witte and $1000
cash In hand Mrs. Adele Muller of
Santa Barbara, Cal., renounces all
claims to dower in the estate, real or
personal, of Mr. Witte. A document to
this effect was filed in the office of the
Recorder of Cook County and Mr. Witte
is now at Santa Barbara to marry the
woman of hie choice and enjoy a honey
moon free from all apprehension that
his second matrimonial venture may re
sult In financial loss to his children by
his first wife.
Charles Witte is a wholesale fish
dealer at 58 North Canal street and
resides at 584 Milwaukee avenue. He
has prospered in his business and owns
much valuable real estate as well as
bonds and stocks. He is reputed to be
worth over $100,000. He Is a widower
of 64 and the father of two sons and
three daughters.
Some time ago Mr. Witte fell in love
with Mrs. Adele Muller and desired to
make her the second Mrs. Witte. Hav
ing Ideas of his own reg-arding justice
Mr. Witte did not want to imperil the
financial future of his children by a
second marriage and in the course of
wooing he injected the stipulation that
his property was not to be involved in
a second alliance so far as his wife was
concerned.
Mrs. Muller's action evidently was
above all sordid consideration and a
contract was drawn and duly placed on
the real estate records of Cook County.
It is said that Mrs. Muller 1b the pos
sessor of a large estate, so her renun
ciation of a dower right in Mr. Wltte'a
estate will not leave her destitute in
the event of Mr. Wltte's death.
TBAIN-WBECXER'S FATE.
Hugh C. Griffin of Sonoma County
Goes to Prison for Life.
BANT A ROBA. Nov. 12.— The case Of
Hugh C. Oriffln, the train wrecker, went
to the jury In Judge Burnett's court this
morning. After a short deliberation the
Jury returned a verdict of guilty, fixing
the penalty at life imprisonment.
Griffin Is 19 years old and the son of
prominent people of Sonoma County. In
order to spite the conductor of the local
Southern Pacific train he took a rock,
broke open the lock of the switch nt
Gelston Station, near Banta Rosa, and
derailed a train. The engine and coaches
were thrown from the track. There were
twenty-five passengers on the train and
their escape from death was miraculous.
HONEST LADS
RAILROADED TO
SAN QUENTIN
State Board Rights a
Wrong.
SHAMELESS OFFICIALS' ACT
DISAPPEARANCE OF THxIEE
BOYS EXPLAINED.
Sons of Prominent Families Languish
in State's Prison Because They
Maae Use of a Found
Horse.
Special Dißpatch to The Call.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON, Nov. 12.—
When the State Board of Prison Di
rectors went into exec c session to
day it was to consider a case which, in
the language of one of the Directors,
"forms one of the most inhuman out
rages ever recorded in the criminal an
nals of California." In the opinion of
the board the District Attorney and the
Sheriff of San Luis Obispo County are
responsible for three boys of good char
acter being railroaded into the peni
tentiary, where they have been for
three months without their parents
having the least knowledge of their
whereabouts. As told by a Director the
facts are as follows:
Three months ago Earl Pouseiey, only |
|16 years old and the son of wealthy
i parents living in Kern County, started
for the coast on a camping trip in com- |
pany with two other boys. Near San j
Luis Obispo their wagon broke down |
and their goods were packed upon the j
backs of their horses and an old horse
they found that had evidently been
turned out to die. They were met by
I a constable, who recognized the horse
and upon inquiry was frankly told by
the boys that they had found him. This |
was a common occurrence, as the late
drought resulted in hundreds of horses j
being turned out to die.
The boys were arrested, and when
brought before the District Attorney
were told by that official and the Sher
iff that they had been guilty of horse
stealing, and would get a light sentence j
if they pleaded guilty. The frightened
; boys had their preliminary examina
tion, pleaded gulltv according to ad
vice, and were sent to Sin Quentin for
one year by the Judge then on the
| bench, the county Judge being absent
on a vacation.
For three months they have languish
ed in San Quentin. Their parents
could learn nothing of them, aRd were
i almost frantic with anxiety when the
arresting constable happened to learn
i the facts and wrote to Warden Hale.
i The constable declared the whole pro
ceeding the most brutal he had ever
heard of, and said the boys had dono j
only what hundreds of ethers had I
done. The horse he believed to be I
worth about $1, and he expected that |
the lads would simply be reprimanded. !
A letter was sent to the District Attor- j
j ney of Kern County, who replied that i
| the boys were of exceptionally good j
: families and enjoyed excellent reputa
tions. The board unanimously adopt
, ed a resolution asking the Governor to
pardon the boys immediately.
"This Is the most flagrant case I ever
heard of," said the Director in ques
tion. "Five or six times men have been •
i railroaded into the State prison from |
: San Luis Obispo County, but the idea
! of sending boys here for taking an old
j abandoned horse to assist them in I
. carrying goods a few miles, and even j
I failing to notify their parents of their j
whereabouts. Is something awful. The
Grand Jury of San Luis Obispo County
! owes the public the duty of indicting
! these officials at once."
MAN-HATING HEIRESS
IN NORTHERN WILDS
Peculiar Character Found by a San
Franciscan in the Omineca
Country.
VANCOUVER, Nov. 12.— Thomas R.
More of San Francisco, promoter of the
St. Anthony Mining Company of Califor
nia, returned from a five months' trip
through the wilds of the northern gold
district known as Omineca. He purchased
for his company, which is composed of
San Francisco capitalists, miles of placer
ground, and costly hydraulic machinery
will soon be sent in to work it.
Mr. More had some interesting experi
ences while wandering through Omineca
In search of good Investments. He says
the most peculiar character he met was
a half-breed named Bessie, the only child
of a Scotchman, who twenty-two years
ago married a native. She Is heiress to
her father's wealth. $50,000, and has never
seen a white woman, Hundreds of miles
from civilization, she has been brought
up as a man-eater, and. possessing many
personal attractions, besides wealth, is
eagerly sought by white miners. She haa
learned to read and write and Is an ex
pert huntress. When her father, who
is now in his dotage, dies, she says she
will come out to civilization. Her peculiar
life, beliefs and career, among half-sav
age white men. would. More Bays, make
an interesting volume.
More describes the countrty as very
rich. Many Chinamen have become
wealthy working on streams with the
crudest appliances. They generally pick
up native women, and the result Is a
strangely mixed race. The richest part
<>f the district ha* never been worked. It
is. More says, full of grand possibilities,
and he will return In February. He ob
tained nearly 100 photographs of the
strange Inhabitants.
MEXICAN AUTHORITIES
MUST FREE TEMPLE
Secretary Hay Demands the Imme
diate Release of an Impris
oned American.
NOG ALES. Ariz., Nov. 12.— J. F. Dar
nell, United States Consul at Nogales,
Mex., received the following telegram
from Secretary of State Hay last night:
To J. F. Darnell. United States Consul. No
gales: Have wired Legation at Mexico to de
mand immediate release of Temple.
JOHN R. 1-AT, Secretary of State.
On the night of November 5 "Jim" Tem
ple, a conductor on the Sonora Railroad,
bee's me involved In a difficulty with three
Mexicans. The trouble occurred on the
American side of the international line
at Nogales. Temple started to go to his
caboose and was followed down the track
by the Mexicans and again assaulted.
With the aid of friends he got away and
went to his caboose.
Later he came out and was again at»
tacked. This time he drew a revolver
and fired four shots, one taking effect in
the abdomen of Juan Arvallo. one of his
assailants, who died a few hours later.
Temple went across the line to Mexico,
where he was arrested and thrown into
Jail on a charge of carrying a deadly
weapon. Later the father of the murder
ed man, who is a Mexican citizen, went
to a Judge on the Mexican side and pre
fprred a charge of murder against Tem
ple. The Mexican authorities claim the
right to try Temple for murder under the I
ADVEErTISEMENTS. .^^-^-^
I 3^-^x®l3
i SPECIAL OFFERING
[I IN LADIES' AND CHILDREN'S
' To-morrow we begin our Fall Sale of Winter
! Underwear and Hosiery, which includes the
best grades in wool, silk and cotton. Our main
! effort is to offer reliable goods at reliable prices.
; UNDERWEAR.
> > : ~:;;i . "•
> LADIES' AUSTRALIAN WOOL
I MIXED JERSEY RIBBED
> VESTS AND PANTS, colors
, natural and white, good weight r 7PZf >
, for winter. Special at *OW
' LADIES' MUNRING WOOL
I RIBBED VESTS AND
PANTS, colors natural and
' white, non-shrlnkable, full C*t f\f\
1 finished. Special at €J>1»""
1 LADIES' FLEECE-LINED
» VESTS AND PANTS, made
I of line quality Egyptian cot- PZf\r*
> ton, good weight. Special at... Oi/^ !
I
> LADIES' HEAVY FLEECE-
i LINED COMBINATION
, SUITS, buttoned down in front, TCJ < -» i
i natural color. Special at C Uv
i LADIES' ONEITA UNION
, SUITS. 75 per cent wool.
I natural and white, good
quality. Extraordinary £1 PZf\
value at »(>liOU
' CHILDREN'S RIBBED VESTS
' AND PANTS, made of good
Egyptian cottop. In natural.
1 good winter weight. Special O*-sr»
at 4Ot
• CHILDREN'S ONEITA
' UNION SUITS, 75 per
• cent wool, good quality, In
i natural and white. Special <j?| AA
EXTRA SPECIALS
FOR THIS WEEK.
Silk Department. Ribbon Bargains.
£*!Z.r> \j<\ NEW PLAIN TAFFETAIC/, Vf l 60S pieces of PLAIN TAF-
OuC J a SII-KS in all the newest col-|IOC > v FETA RIBBON in all new
orlngs, regular price 75c. Spe- colorinps. from 3 to 3H inches
cial at 65c. wide. Good value at 25c.
NEW BLACK GOODS.
Just received — A beautiful line of NOV-
w(-_ FANCY TAFFETA SILKS in ELTY BLACK GOODS in fancy Periolaa
lOw beautiful checks, ten different and Creponnes, in handsome designs, ln-
cclnrings. entirely new. excel-; cludinK Bayaderes, which we are offering
lent quality. Well worth $1. i at lowest prices.
SEE WINDOW DISPLAY.
COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION.
Mexican law providing that crimes com
mitted in foreign territory by a foreigner
against a Mexican can be punished in
Mexico when certain conditions exist.
Consul Darnell demanded of the Mexi
can authorities the release of Temple, but
was refused. He then wired to the State
Department to take immediate action, as
it was feared Temple would be summar
ily dealt with. The answer came last
night. The people here are anxiously
waiting to know what reply the Mexican
authorities will make to the demand of
the State Department.
If Temple is not released serious trouble
will follow and will undoubtedly lead to
international complications.
SECRECY OF THE
COURT OF CASSATION
Hearing of the Dreyfus Appeal Be
hind Closed Doors Deprives
Parisians of the News.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PARIS. Nov. 12.— With ..e Court of
Cassation sitting on the Dreyfus affair
behind closed' doors. Paris is deprived
to a large extent of the principal ele
ment of news which the people have
been accustomed to for so long a time.
One of the members of the court is
said to have declared that he had taken
an oath on the heads of his ancestors
ADVEKTISIifiIi-NIS.
3®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®
•'.: ARE YOU WEAK? J
>> DR. PIERCE.
I BERDELL STATION, Conoma Co.. Cal. (S. F. and N. P. R. R.) q
I I can*now F efrain from saying that I consider your '•Galvanic Chain Belt" ®
} to be one of the greatest inventions on earth, for it has given me such life ®
!> and vigor that I feel as young and spry as a boy of fifteen years of age.
h Without your Belt I felt weak and without energy: but with your Belt and ®
{ Suspensory on 1 am one of the most active vigorous and happy men you ®
& wi 1 be able to meet anywhere. Your Relt is certainly a wonderful Inven-
i) tion and if others only know as mv. h about It as I do no man or woman in W
i the State of California would be without it for a single day. ®
1> publish this letter, or show it to any one who wishes information regard- gv
t InB YSf J aitn ! f V uir;' ebnited W» H. SAWYER. ®
t> DON'T BE /\ lA/EAK 7V\AN.
9 It is grand to feel strong, humiliating to feel weak. If you are weak ®
h Dr. Pierces Electric Belt will cure you. It will make you strong; it ®
i will steady your nerves and check all waste of power. It is a grand cure ®
5 for all weakness, whatever the cause. If you are troubled with weakness X
!) in any way call and examine this wonderful Belt. Test the powerful ®
i) current it gives, and see how easily regulated it is. Don't be ignorant of ®
Z a remedy which may correct all your past mistakes and assure your fu- ®
1 ture happiness. Don't delay; act now. Get our "Book No. 2." It tells a\
t) the cause of early decay in young and middle-aged men. It shows how )~
j> electricity, properly applied, will restore this power, and gives the proof. ®
f, It is free on application. A call preferred. Office hours from 9a. m. to ®
7 p. m. On SUNDAY from 2 to 3p. m. only. ®
| PIERCE ELECTRIC COMPANY, 1
I 620 Market Street OOsp ss p a n Pa FV a a cc n e cr s ? t o? 1 '
g W DR. PIERCES BELTS are NOT for safe in Drug Stores. -«r
■)®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®@
'■ HOSIERY.
LADIES' BLACK CASH-
MERE WOOL HOSE, high
spliced heels and toes, _ A
af^-.^PA^FOK $1.00
LADIES' IMPORTED CASH-
MERE WOOL HOSE, fast
black, high spliced heels, ■
double soles and toes, regular P*t}Q
value 75c. Special at " vv
LADIES' FAST BLACK MACO
COTTON HOSE, winter weight,
high spliced heels and toes, all
black and black with white '
feet, regular value 35c. Spo- OSC
cial at -* uv
CHILDREN'S IMPORTED ;
FAST BLACK RIBBED COT- .
TON HOSE, high spliced heels
and toes, extra quality, full
finished, sizes 5«4 to B*4. regu-
lar value 30c and 25c. Special lKr
for three days at lwv
CHILDREN'S EXTRA QUALITY
FAST BLACK COTTON RIB-
BED HOSE, double heels and
toes, full finished, sizes 5 to Q£Cf»
S%. Special at : — < w^
MISSES' RIBBED FAST
BLACK CASHMERE
WOOL HOSE. spliced
knees, heels and toes, ex-
'"."l"*.- 3'pAiSs fok $1.00
not to divulge a word, so that if others
follow his example it is not difficult
to how little can be gleaned.
However, If. de Cavagnac, former
Minister of War, who has been exam
ined, seems to have spoken to his
friends, and confided to them that he
is still convinced of the guilt of the
prisoner on the Isle dv Diable. As he
is a Minister who had more to do with
the matter than his predecessors in of
fice, the length of his examination this
week is comprehensible.
General Mercier said: "Our sole de
sire Is to facilitate the task of the
Judges. So let the investigation be
carried on and the truth come out. Pa
risians generally seem to have agreed
to let I'affaires go its way at present
and talk of other things."
Ilxcursion on the Sacramento.
WOODLAND, Nov. 12.— On Saturday
next an excursion will leave Sacramento
at 8 a. m. and a trip will be made on the
river from the overflow weir above Elk
horn branch to the jetty work at New
town shoals. The purpose of the excur
sion is to enable those who are interested
to inspect the easement, the levees from
the mouth of Feather River to Sacra
mento, the revetment work at Chicory
Arm and the jetty system at Newtown
shoals. There is no question that these
works and the cutoffs In the San Joaquin
River are the most important Improve
ments made upon these two rivers in the
last twenty years.
STUDY YOURSELF, f
®
Do you realize that you are not ®
the man you should be at your age? ©
Do you find your strength failing you, n
exposing the great drain that has been v
sapping the very life and ambition out ®
of you? Does this knowledge mar your ®
life? Then it is time for you to look g)
seriously to your health. You need
such a remedy as Dr. Pierces Electric
Belt, from which you can absorb new ®
strength and vitality. It is a grand ®
remedy for any one who is weak from (.)
whatever cause. Read what it did for ®
this happy man: @
FEELS LIKE A BOY 1
OF 15.SENSATIONAL
ALLEGATIONS
OF BRIBER!
Continued from First Page.
were Its directors. It was not the ir
tention of the combination to carry oi
this corporation, but to have the oft" 1
cers resign ar.d re-eiect new ones.
Q. Immediately upon securing th
lea.se?
A. As soon as the necessity of mak
ing a "front" ceased to exist. It was
to be a grand thing — a million-dollar
corporation to get this lease This was.
in fact. done. Mr. Martin put up a
$5000 certified check covering our bid.
withdrew it. and another was furnlsheil
by James A. Snook and others to tak->
it? place.
Q. Did Martin receive anything for
his services?
A. Nothing whatever.
Q. And this combination was formed
for the purpose of creating an impres
pion that it was a responsible corpora
tion getting this le:.-
A. Yes, sir.
Q. And as soon as the lease was se
cured the dummy directors resigned,
nnd the members of this combination
l>ecanv the parties who took charge of
it"
A. That was a fact. My value had
d at that time.
Q. Now, po bark to the transaction
of you and Waller, when I interrupted
you.
A. The first service rendered was tht
"jumbling up" of the advertisement, as
they expressed it. po that it was In
Fible to tell just what it meant. This
ition waß performed by Alexander
Vogelsang:, attorney for. the Board of
ation, and Jacob Samuels, who
had been employed by the corporation
to represent it before the board. The
advertisement for bids called for the
acceptance for the bids individually
made, or the aggregate of bidders for
separate in case such aggregate was
more advantageous to the city. The
"Jumbling up" of this advertisement
caused all but two of the tenants to re
fuse to bid for the property that they
occupied, so that that portion of it was
eliminated. The question then came up
as to how we were to get the lease, and
it was first decided to have our bid
made out in full, with the exception of
the figures representing the monthly
rental, these to be filled in by the sec
■• of the board after he had read
the bids of the other bidders, and while
apparently marking the papers for
identification. This undertaking was
decided to be too hazardous.
Q. For what reason?
A. Well, it was dangerous to do it,
and it proved so at the time, because
Alfred Dixon, a Call reporter, was on
the alert watching for Just such an
operation.
Q. This was when the bids were
opened?
A. Yes. In lieu of this, information
was obtained by which the corporation
was enabled to bid $41 per month more
than its nearest competitor.
Q. Do yod know how that informa
tion was obtained?
A. No, I don't know. I think it was
obtained through Phil Crimmins, but I
don't know that.
Q. You don't know personally any
thing about that?
A. No. John A. McDonald bid $3950
a month and the corporation's bid was
a fiat $4000. To obviate the chance of a
higher bid being put in at the last mo
ment and defeating the aims of the cor
poration it was agreed that in case our
bid was not the highest objection
should be made to all bids on the
ground that none of them were high
enough and new ones advertised for at
once.
Q. With whom was that arrangement
made?
A. With Mr. Waller.
Q. Between you and Mr. Waller?
A. He was handling the whole thing.
He was the handler of the "works,"
and in case our bid was not the high
est he was simply to say: "Gentlemen,
these bids are not high enough, and I
move that we reject them all and ad
vertise for new ones." Of course that
would give us a perfect line on all the
bidders, and our next bid would have
been high enough to secure it.
Q. But that was not rendered neces
eary. for the reason that some one took
measures to ascertain the contents of
those bids and gave you the informa
tion as to exactly what they were?
A. Yep, sir; we ascertained the con
tents of those bids and we bid just $41
a month more than Mr. McDonald. The
bid of the San Francisco Investment
Company being the highest, it was
awarded the contract, and we then
asked for further services, and among
these was the reduction of the bond re
quired for the payment of rent. We
had offered in our tender a bond for
$100,000. This was reduced by the
board to $30,000.
Q. On whose motion? Waller's?
A. Well, I can't say who made the
in. It was done in this way: Jake
ADVjiBTISEJkENTS.
IS IT AJWLE?
THAT COMMON TROUBLE, ACID DYS
PbPolA, OR SOUR STOMACH.
Now Reco K n.zed as a Cause of Serious
Disease.
Acid dyspepsia, commonly called
Heartburn or sour stomach, is a form of
indigestion r< suiting from fermenta-
tion of the food. The stomach being too
weak too promptly digest it, the food
remains until fermentation begins, fill-
ing the Rtomach with gas and a bitter,
sour, burning taste in the mouth is of-
ten present This condition soon be-
comes chronic, and being an every day
occurrence is given but little attention.
Because dyspepsia ls not immediately
fata many people do nothing for the
troui'le.
Within a recent period a remedy has j
been discov.-r. d prepared solely to cure
dyspepsia and sUomach troubles. It is
known as Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets,
and is now becoming rapidly used and
prescribed as a radical cure for every
form of dyspepsia.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets have been
placed before the übllc and are sold by
druggists everywhere at 50 cents per
package. It is prepared by the Stuart
Chemical Co.. Marshall, Mich., and
while it promptly and effectually re-
stores a vigorous digestion, at the same
time is perfectly harmless and will not
Injure the most delicate stomach, but
on the contrary b" giving perfect diges-
tion strengthens the stomach. Improves
the r -^petite and makes life worth liv-
ing.
Send for free book on Stomach Dis-
eases.
7 amuels got up and said, "This bond Is
retty high, and we would rather give
ou a surety bond for, say, $25,000 or
i than to give you Individual se
rities of more than that, although
hey may be wealthy people and able
i give the bond, but I would rather
ot."
Then the question of insurance
me up. Our tender called for insur
ice to satisfy the board— that Is,
:nple to satisfy their views in the mat
■i—and a committee was appointed to
scertain what the proper insurance
hould be. Members of the corporation
ont to a number of large insurance
• mpanies in the city, the names of
hlch I don't know, and told them the
:uts of the case. The committee was
teered to call on these companies, and
> hen the companies were asked how
■rjch insurance they would carry it
■ as found that they would only carry
"i 24 ,000 insurance on these .buildings,
>%hich was another pretty good piece of
work.
Q. Who originated that idea?
A. Jim Snook.
Q. He was the genius of the combi
nation?
A. He was the genius of the combi
nation. So that instead of the $65,000
insurance advocated by Director Der
ham, we were permitted to insure for
$21,000, saving us several thousand dol
::rs a year.
Q. Did you render any other services?
A. Yes, sir. Our tender called for
the making of all improvements in and
about the buildings by the corporation.
Subsequent to the granting of the lease
Director Burns ordered and had placed
in the basement beneath Phil Crim
mins' saloon a sewer costing $600,
v. htich was charged to the city. An
other service rendered was th.? delaying
WALLER SAYS THERE WAS NO BRIBE.
School Director Waller says in reference to Reynolds' story: "Reynolds' tale
outrageous nonsense. I never received $.'.i« ! o from Jim Snook. It is absurd
on the f.rce of it. The Investment company put !n the highest bid and they
hud no occasion to use money, even if the School Board had been corrupt,
which was not tin- i
"We leased the property to the company because it was a net saving of
$15.0X1 to $20, I a year to the School Board. Before the income was uncertain
and was under $3000 a month, and tne Board had to pay Insurance and re
pairs. Now the rental is $4'JW a month and no insurance or repairs.
Reynolds has gone wrong. He h;is repeatedly attempted to borrow
money from me and the last time I refused to accommodate him he said
he was broke and would get it. He threatened to tell what he knew of the
School Board. I told him to sell his information to the newspapers, as I
would not pay him either for his silence or his information."
of the turning over of this property to
the corporation until the city had
taken time to eject certain bad tenants
who were not paying rent, leaving us
a clear field. We did not want the
property until after those tenants were
out, and I believe the city paid the ex
pense of throwing them out.
Q. Then the board has always been
very lenient in the matter of not ex
acting rent on the date specified.
A. Those were the services rendered.
Q. When was Waller paid this $4000?
A. He was paid it at the time the
contract, or immediately after the con
tract was turned over to the corpora^
tion.
Q. Immediately after the award of
the Board of Education?
A. No. sir; not the award, but imme
diately after the execution of the con
tract.
Q. Did you see it paid?
A. No, sir.
Q. Who paid it to him?
A. It was paid to Waller, as I under
stand, by James A- Snook.
Q. Who told you that Snook paid it?
A. I don't recollect Just now how the
conversation occurred, but I asked If
Waller had been oaid. He said: "Yes.
I Yes, of course he has been paid." And
J I said: "Well, how did you get around
j it? You have got to get that into the
! books of the corporation, haven't you?"
i And he said: "Oh, that is easy"— this
;is Williams talking:. He said: "Oh.
that is easy. We have got that down
I as counsel fees for Jake Samuels."
Q. Do you know whether or not that
' item appears as counsel fees appear on
; the books of the company?
A. I am satisfied that it does, but I
don't know of my own personal knowl-
edge. _
Q. You never have seen it?
A. No, sir; I never have asked for the
books.
Q. What were you to get for your
services? .
A I was to receive 25 per cent of .5
per cent of the 10,000 shares constitut
ing the capital stock of the corpora-.
U q!' What became of the other 25 per
° 6 A t It was paid for the use of a certi
fied check for JSOOO-the check that took
the Place of the one put up by Mr.
Martin-and for the use of $5000 in coin
paid to the Board of Education.
Q You say that Waller was paid
$4000 and that he received a $1000 se
cretly for his personal services?
a Yt?s sir.
Q. And that makes the $5000 of which
you spoke?
A. Yes, sir.
Q. Did you ever get your stock?
A I received 1000 shares. I demand
ed a settlement after the lease had been
granted and the contract entered into
by the Board of Education. I demand
ed a settlement and asked for my 1875
shares. Snook said, "That is all right.
We will hold a meeting some of these
days and get the matter all straight
ened up. I am tired now and don t
want to go into these things now, but
we will fix it up later." And I said. All
right " About a week later I walked
into the office of the Justices' Court
clerk and I said. "Well, Ed, how about
that meeting?" and he said, "We have
held that meeting." and I said. Well,
that is funny. I wasn't the: and he
handed me a certificate for 1000 shares,
which I refused to accept at the time,
and I told him that that was not my
share of the thing and called his atten
tion to the fact that he and I had had
a distinct understanding that I was to
receive 25 per cent of what stock was
left of the 7600 shares after the capital
ists had been paid. He said. "I know
that Jack, but Crimmins and Snook
overruled me," and I said, "Snook is
foolish. I had a distinct understanding
with him also. He knows lam entitled
to 1875 shares of it," and he said, "Well,
I can't help it, they overruled me. but
I am willing to do what is right with
you lam willing to give you as much
as my share of this to secure you," and
I said, "Well, that looks like business.
Let's ' get them together." And he
said, "I will see that you are all right.
You go and Bee Crimmins and Snook."
I went up there and Crimmins said,
"Bring Snook and Williams at 8 o'clock
to-night and we will fix this thing
up to-night." But when I went
up there Snook wasn't there and
he said to wait £ until the next
afternoon and Williams wasn't there,
and I couldn't get those two together
and I never got my 1875 shares. I had,
in the meantime, accepted this 1000
shares because I thought it was better
to have half a loaf if I could not get a
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 13. 1898.
whole one. I never was able to get the
three men to meet me at the same
time, and as a consequence never re
ceived any satisfaction. I approached
Snook regarding the matter at a later
date and was told that I had got all I
was going to get, and if I did not quit
kicking about it I would be assessed
out of what had already been given to
me.
Q. Did you ever get any money from
them?
A. From the corporation?
Q. Yet, .
A. Not from anybody whom I have
mentioned.
Q. Well, you hypothecated your
stock, didn't you?
A. Yes, sir.
Q. How much did you get for that?
A. Subsequently, when James A.
Snook was elected president of the cor
poration
Q. [Interrupting] About when was
that?
A. Shortly after the lease was
granted and Henry Trevor elected sec
retary and treasurer I decided to hy
pothecate my stock. I first borrowed
$200 from Sanford Plummer. Shortly
after that, needing more money, I bor
rowed from Henry Trevor $500, turning
the stock over to him. Since that time
I have received from Mr. Trevor $1300
in all.
Q. For which he holds your stock as
security?
A. He holds my stock as security.
Q. Did you ever have any dealings
with the members of the Board of Ed
ucation personally?
A. What do you mean? In the way
of passing coin?
Q. No; in connection with this busi
ness?
A. Yes.
Q. Who were they?
A. Mr. Waller, as I have described,
and Director Head.
Q. What was the nature or' the busi
ness that you transacted with Director
Head?
A. Director Head was at that time a
candidate for the nomination for Sher
iff. Mr. Crimmina called on him and
told him that he would like to have>
him stand in on this proposition and
Head promised to do so. Mr. Snook
was instructed to keep him in line, to
watch him. Mr. Snook was incapaci
tated from business on the night that
the lease was granto .. and I heard
that Head had threatened to bolt and
refused to stand by the corporation. I
immediately telephoned to Philip Crim
mins, telling him the state of facts and
asking him what I should do. He said:
"Hold things out as long as you can
ar.d I will go out there. Meet me in
the corridor." He came out immedi
ately. I met him in the corridor, and
he said, "Send Ed Head out here." He
got into a dark doorway opposite the
head of the stairs leading to the Board
of Education rooms and I sent Head
out to him. The conversation resulted
in Director Head advocating all mea
sures looking to the welfare of the com
pany.
O. Did you ever talk business person
ally to any of these members except
Waller?
A. No, sir; all of that was done by
Snook.
Q. Then you don't know as a matter
of fact that any of them received that
money which Waller had agreed to
pay them?
A. Except from the fact that they all
stood up and voted as they were ex
pected to vote, reducing our bond and
Insurance and making our fight in
every way.
Q. What are you going to do to ob
tain the balance of 875 shares of the
capital stock of this corporation which
is due you under your agreement?
A. I have begun a suit against the
corporation and those with whom I hai
agreements to pay me one-quarter >'*
7600 shares of that stock for the balance
due me, and I am going to make efforts
to press the suit to trial to force them
to pay me what is due me.
(Signed) JOHN P. REYNOLDS.
Subscribed and sworn to before me
this 12th day of November, A. D. 1898.
(Signed) GUY H. BORLAND,
Notary Public in and for the City and
County of San Francisco, State of
California.
DIRECTOR HEAD'S STATEMENT.
He Neyer Suspected That tie Lincoln
School Case Hail Been Juggled
With.
School Director Edward L. Head,
when questioned last night regarding
the charges made, disclaimed all
THOUSANDS GRASP
THE HAND OF THE
GOVERNOR-ELECT
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 12.— The greeting given to Henry T. Gage
by the citizens of Los Angeles to-night at the reception by the Co
lumbia Club was something the like of which has never before been
seen here. Between the hours of 8 and 11 o'clock 6000 people passed
along in line in the rlubrooms and shook the hand of the Governor
elect. All details had been carefully arranged to receive the tremen
dous crowd It was kn-jwn wouM desire to meet Mr. Gage. President
Bushnell, Vice President Ensign, Colonel J. B. Neville and othnr
members of tho club did not fail In their calculations. Two thousand
peoyl-s paused each hour, and it was three hours before the crowd
ceased to come.
Mr. Gage was flanked on either side by Senator Robert N. Bulla
and Captain H. Z. Osborne. Congressman-elect Russell J. Waters
also was at hand. .
The crowd entered the club and passed down a line of about 100
feet upon either side of which members of the reception committee
of the club were standing. President Bushnell presented each visitor
to Mr. Gage and then to Mr. Waters and the guests then filed out.
The club quarters were beautifully decorated with flags, bunting
and potted plants. Across the street in front were three streamers of
electric lights in red, white and blue.
Prior to the reception there was a parade headed by the Americus
Club of Pasadena and including the Army and Navy Republican
League. There were 25,000 people upon the streets to view the specta
cle, and they were well repaid, for it was very beautiful. As the Gov
ernor's carriage passed down the street the cheering thousands went
wild with enthusiasm. In speaking of this after the reception to
night Mr. Gage said:
"I can truthfully say that when I looked to either side of me as
the hack was driven down Spring street and saw thousands of my
neighbors whom I knew all so pleased and happy it was really the
proudest moment I have ever known since the day I first realized I
waß on earth."
knowledge of any crooked dealings in
the transaction, and further said that
he could not see how any could be
done.
"I voted to award the contract to the
syndicate," he said, "simply because it
was the highest bidder. Its offer was
$4000 a month and the next highest was
about $50 less.
"Mr. Crimmins never approached me
at any time concerning the transfer of
the property. I did mention it to him
once at his place of business. At that
time the board had not fully decided
whether it would be wiser to lease the
property as a whole or in portions, and
I asked Mr. Crimmins if he Intended
putting in a bid for the corner he oc
cupies, and he said he hardly thought
he would. I have never spoken to
him in the City Hall on this or any
other matter."
SOME SERIOUS
COMPLICATIONS
ARE PREDICTED
Gloomy View of Gau
lois on Philippines.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, Nov. 12.— The Gaulois
this afternoon, after referring to
the Philippine question as pre
senting serious complications,
says:
•The thing to be faced is no
longer a renewal of the conflict
between America and Spain, ow
ing to a rupture of the negotia
tions, but - general European
conflict. The Fashoda incident
is only the prologue to a bi,?
drama which is soon to occupy
the theater of international poli
tics and on reading the papers of
Berlin, London and Madrid one
feels that something uncomfort
able is in the air. Spain knows
that resistance upon her part,
isolated as she is, would give no
chance of success, and she is
looking for a friend in Europe.
Before Fashoda any such search
would be useless, but now Eng
land is anxious to satisfy her
ambitions in the far East."
Continuing, the Gaulois as
serts that Great Britain is try
ing to bring about an offensive
and defensive alliance with the
United States, of which alliance,
according to the Gaulois, Great
Britain alone would reap the
benefit.
The Gaulois then says: "Her
programme is the following:
She will induce the United
States to refuse any concession
to Spain and to refuse coaling
stations in the Philippine Islands
to Russia and Germany. A con
flict breaks out; England, as
America's ally, int^venes, which
forces the other powers having
interests in the p:ast to take up
arms. The question becomes no
longer that of the Philippines,
but that of China, and finally a
European war breaks out."
OMINOUS FEATURES
OF THE NEAR FUTURE
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 189S, by James Oor
don Bennett.
LONDON, Nov. 12.— Lord Salisbury's
momentous speech is still the central
topic of interest, but it failed to do
away with that unrest which is the
dominant feature of the situation. His
reference to the United States is re
sented by that section of the commun
ity which is loudest in advocating an
Anglo-American alliance. Even liom
the radical party complaints are heard
that Salisbury did not proclaim an
Egyptian protectorate, and Sir Charles
Dilke points out that now is the time
to settle outstanding difficulties with
France, those of Newfoundland In
cluded, and that an opportunity to do
so is being lost. The general opinion
is that there is more uncertainty in th«
outlook than there has been at any
other time in these last twenty ystLtn.
The German Emperor's visit to Spain
also continues to excite adverse com
ment, and by no means is the lea^t
ominous feature of the present unsatis
factory aspect of affairs. That a Min
eral conflagration may be the outcome
of the near future is an opinion fre
quently met with here during the la^t
few days.
Two Consular Appointments.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 12.— The President
has ma<lp the following- appointments:
Richard Guenther of Wisconsin to be
Consul General of the United States at
Frankfort Germany.
Frank H. Mason of Ohio to be Consul
General of the United Slates at Berlin
Germany.
MUST ACCEPT
OR REJECT IT
IMMEDIATELY
Spain Told to Decide
on the Demand.
UNCLE SAM IN EARNEST
DETERMINED TO BRING PHILIP
PINE QUESTION TO A HEAD.
Cabled Report From the Peace Com
mission Causes the Cabinet to
Take Most Vigorous
Action.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Nov. 12.— The adminis
tration has instructed the American com
missioners at Paris to bring; the Philip
pine question to a head next week, as
a result of a cabled report from Judge
Day received this morning, indicating
that negotiations were not advancing
as rapidly as the President desired.
The President thought it sufficiently
important to require immediate consid
eration at a special Cabinet meetitUP,
which was called as soon as he had re
ceived the cablegram. At this meeting
the situation at Paris was thoroughly
discussed until a general agreement
was reached that the American
Commissioners be informed that
Spain's Commissioners must be
brought to understand promptly
that they must definitely meet
our demand for the Philippines
and accept or reject it. No for
mal ultimatum is to be given, but the
main question is to be settled speedily,
so that the only thing the United States
treats as open to discussion, namely
the matter of compensation, may be
taken up for early disposition.
The President received this morning
the views of every member of the com
mission based upon the information
that they have received and considered,
and arguments submitted by the Span
ish commissioners as to the policy the
United States should pursue respecting
the Philippines. From what could be
gathered there is apparently some per
sonal difference of opinion at least
among the commissioners as to the ex
tent to which the United States
should go in taking territory in the far
East. It was reported that Senator
Gray was opposed to acquiring any ter
ritory in the far East except for a coal
ing station, and that a serious differ
ence had arisen between himself and
the other commissioners, but this I was
informed was absolutely untrue.
The action of the President in call
ing for the views of the American rep
resentatives is considered highly sig
nificant, and the authorities were very
much averse to discussing them in
any way. But it was stated that the
commission had been informed that the
matter would be left to their judgment,
and to expedite the negotiations as rap-
Mly as possible.
It Is the desire of the President that
the treaty shall be ratified by the time
Congress meets next month. It is ap
preciated that such expedition will nec
essarily mean the making of important
concessions to the Spanish commis
sioners, as they will undoubtedly resist
as long as possible the transfer of sov
ereignty over the entire archipelago to
the United States.
THE MARIA TERESA.
The Big Cruiser Is Lying Half a Mile
Off the Shore of Cat Island.
NASSAU, N. P.. Nov. 12.— The tug
Potomac, from Santiago de Cuba, which
has been visiting: the stranded cruiser
Infanta Maria Teresa, aground off Cat
Island, has arrived here in order to ob
tain a permit to work on the ship. She
will return to Cat Island. The cruiser
is lying one mile off shore and is In two
fathoms of water. The natives have
destroyed the temporary deck and have
carried away everything movable.
Nebraska Returns Complete.
OMAHA. Nov. 12.— Practically returns
from every precinct In the State showthat
the Republicans will have a majority of
thirteen on Joint ballot in the next Legis
lature. Both branches will be organized
by Republicans.
ADVERTISEMFNTS.
t^?J "How Do I Look?"
How frequently
a woman asks this question,! How much
thought and study she devotes to it! It i. r
natural. A woman hates to think that sh_
is growing day by day less charming and
attractive and youthful to her husband's
•yes than in the days of courtship.
A woman may always retain her charms
and the vivacity and freshness of youth if
she will take the proper care of her health.
A tremendous percentage of ill-health in
women is due to weakness and disease of
the distinctly feminine organism. Dr.
Pierces Favorite Prescription is an unfail-
ing remedy for all disorders of this nature.
It allays inflammation, heals ulceration,
stops debilitating drains and soothes and
tones the nerves. It preserves in a woman
all the charm of healthy youth. Thou-
sands of women have testified to its mar-
velous merits. *
"Favorite Prescription " is sold by all re-
spectable dealers in medicines. Deal only
where you are honestly treated. Any store-
keeper who tries to give you a substitute
for what you demand is not treating you
honestly and you should take your trade
elsewhere.
" For nine rears I have suffered with falling
of internal organs," writes Mrs. Mary Williams,
of Raleigh, Wake Co.. N. C. (Box 196). 'I was
troubled with bearing down pains. I had indi-
gestion and female weakness and nervousness.
I could not sleep at night. I was constipated
and had urinal trouble. The doctor here said
that no medicine would reach my disease. Dr.
pierces Favorite Prescription, Golden Medi-
cal Discovery ' and ' Pleasant ' Pellets ' have
cured me."
An every-day necessity in the home. A
good home medical work. Send 21 one-
cent stamps, to cover mailing only, to the
World's Dispensary Medical Association,
Buffalo, N. V.. for a paper-oovered copy of
Dr. Pierces Common Sense Medical Ad-
viser. Cloth binding 31 stamps. ;
EARN GOOD WAGES
Selling Popular History of SPANISH-AMERI-
CAN WAR. Just what people want. Just
right price. ACTIVE AGENTS easily earn
$15 to $25 weekly. Chronology of War Events.
All about Philippines. Cuba, Porto Rico, Ha-
waii, Alaska. With New Colored Maps. Send
2E cents Tor sample, or write
RAND. MeN ALLY. & CO., CHICAGO.
adv2Bttsemei:ts.
Juvenile Dep't. !
SECOND FLOOR.
for m-s 7/0W- f^^^ other stores will tax you \
. double for the same kind of a reefer, just '
/ suffice to say these will be Monday, until ,
* they're all gone.
$1 9Q
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaai
o JUVENILE DEPARTMENT, ?f nd
a Another
a (**&[ glimpse of the
a Sr-^ little man's
ara Z^^Vv \. winter and
O Sjrv" ; |_—^i^\ OM/r prepara-
£ (7\ !• \ OW/ of warm
8 Li \ things is the
a ifl(|jl" I j nretty little
a II — J Reefer that
I j--|ftjf^7 | {f we picture op-
° >j*^ /pA oosite, with
a uTTaI I a^ - sMk
» WM&Jfrog- fasten-
° « 8^ «■ er^
a Jv9/ stylish and
« CM^ e affair for
Z. ™ chaps up to 8
5 years. It's in blue, and a
? pretty shade of blue; the
? edges are round; deep sailor
? collar; a very pretty affair.
o Monday at
$2.98.
I Men's Suit Room. i
g FIRST FLOOR. a
a . £
a ■Of course, the men folks are posted that the
a. real good dressers about town are wearing q
*** Serges this season. Nothing is prettier than a £
® winter-weight positively the most dressy #
5 fabric made— we pride ourselves on our $
g Serges. a
8 A feature of our Monday's sale in the men's a
# suit room will be a Single-Breasted Blue Serge a
a Suit, with that new high-cut double-breasted a
a vest, which is quite the swell idea. You will „
a find good dressers wearing this. Mixtures and $
a fancy colorings are no longer in favor with #
a men that consider themselves good dressers. a
a J7io Blue Serge that we write about will a
*•* cost you Monday a
. i ■;■;.; ;• $12.00. I,
a a
1 Men's Overcoat Room. 1
£ ANNEX, SECOND FLOOR. a
a The Overcoat Department contributes a very a
a excellent article for its men patrons. ~
a It's one of these pretty, stylish, covert cloths,
& in many shades of tan, lined throughout with #
S the best quality of silk. a
Nothing in town at $20 will approach it. a
*•* The 'ox length and the longer either a.
w style Monday at **
« $12.00. »
aaaaaattaaaa.oaaaasaaaaaaaaaaaa
SPECIALISTS
ON MALE
APPAREL
*
Our Sunday ]
talk to parents $
to - day begins : i
by the introduc- 1
tion of a very I
pretty little *
winter garment |
(which we pic- .
hire opposite) ,
in blue; the 3
curly weave of 5
Chinchilla, a *
garment put to- <
gather for ser- ]
vice, with its :
pretty brass '■
buttons, braid •
on. #/t<? edges: ;
/or chaps up to ;
<^ years of age. :
No need for us :
tell y ou ■
they're stylish. '■
because we only •
handle stylish i
clothes; no need '■
« JUVENILE OVERCOAT »
» SECTION. a
Blue Top
a <?C^) Coat is quite a £
a t^3r manly little a
a /"C^f\ COa^ r chaps
a /Y| \\ between the «
VI 1 \ a £ es 0/ 4- an d a
£ jl ! pgKJ 14- W e have Q
8 L j j^7 made these lit- «
8 V|^||fi tie top coats like $
a ' ■ ■ c picture op- a
a Jm^l I 1I 1 posite, with vel- q
a &&*^ vet collars to 53
» top it off. a
j3 They're, awfully dressy.
a You'll find 'em tagged »
« $3.49. |
*LX KfARN Y5l
34
SHERMAN TREMBLED IN FEAR OF AN EXPOSE
OF HIS GIGANTIC RAILROAD MANIPULATIONS
Startling Revelations in the Secret
History of the Los Angeles
Electric Scheme.
Dorn and Johns Were the Local Commissioners
Chosen to Muzzle Newspapers of This
City and Their Criticism.
The Call begins this morning the pub
lication of the letters of Moses H. Sher
man. These letters deal chieliy with
the affairs of the Los Angeles Electric
Railroad and with the manipulations
that !ed the McDonalds into the great
venture that subsequently ruined their
bank. In the letters published this
morning Sherman introduces two of his
intin-.ate friends and assistants, D. S.
Dorn and A. F. Johns. These men
were supposed to protect Sherman fn-m
the interference that newspapers might
give in the publication of the inside
facts of the conspiracy. Dorn, as an
adviser of the McDonalds and a friend
of Sherman, was in the directory of the
Los Angeles road, and took not only a
deep interest but a vitally important
part in the affairs of the road.
In conjunction with Johns, he guar
anteed that no unwelcome publicity
would be given to the manipulations
until they had progressed far enough
to insure the success of the scheme. In
his letters, Sherman, by indirection, in
dicates to what necessity the conspira
tors were driven in carrying their plans
to completion.
Colonel J. H. Woodard, who wa? a
bitter enemy of Sherman, was thor
oughly informed on the affaiis of the
road, and, with his knowledge, threat
ened to ?h«w that co-urts, legislatures
and inferior tribunals were britx
permit the great conspirator and his
iates to enter the L,s Al
Held as competitors to J. F. Ci
his cable road. This threat forth
from Sherman some of th
esting letters in the secret history t
the Pacific Bank.
The correspondence of M. H. Sherman
pos-stsses many interesting characteris
tics. Mr. Sherman was invariably in
a hurry when he wrote and his pen
manship looks as if a spider had been
dipped in the ink and allowed to crawl
loose on the paper. The letters of this
man. however, are of vital importance
in the story of the ruin of the Pacific
Bank. After Shermai. had seduced
the McDonalds into building the Los
Angeles Electric Railroad he found it
absolutely necessary to keep in their
good graces, not only that he might
blind them to the unwisdom of their
first action, but that he might cajole
out of them more funds for his rail
road. It was his purpose to create the
impression that he was always over
whelmed with work, bustling with en
ergy, fired with enthusiasm and ready
to obey every whim ana fancy of the
foolish bankers. Sherman had many
schemes to lloat and he was very well
aware that it is not an easy matter to
have a great bank behind you.
He must then maintain his nauseat
ing flattery to the end. With a craft
that was thinly disguised under ec
centricity he fought every Investiga
tion that was made of th • Los Angeles
Electric Railroad. Every agent that
■was sent to inquire Into the condition
of the road was sent away with prom
ises that Sherman had not the remot
est intention of fulfilling. The Los
Angeles manipulator then made reports
to suit himself and he never lost an op
portunity to blackguard those who
sought to Investigate his affairs. He
knew better than anybody else the
wretched condition of the enterprise
into which he had -entrapped the Me.
Donalds and in devious ways he kept
that Information to himself. His cor
respondence will illustrate his false
hoods, exaggerations and assumed in
dustry. It will show how he was will
ing to do whatever the McDonalds
wished him to do, even to influence the
action of the Bank Commissioners.
As already indicated in The Call, M.
H. Sherman had made his cousin, J.
E. Farnum, manager of the People's
Home Savings Bank. This was early
in 1592, shortly after Sherman himself
became a director in the Pacific Bank.
It should be remembered also in con
nection with Sherman's correspondence
that he was a very close friend of Bank
Commissioner W. H. Knight, the
father-in-law of J. E. Farnum. As
another lever with which to work the
opinions of the Bank <~v,mmissi6ners to
suit his purpose. M. H. Sherman placed
a son of Bank Commissioner Dunsmore
in one of the banks In Los Angeles.
No apparent effort was made by Sher
man to influence Bank Commissioner
A. Gerberdinp. Another one of the
bank conspirators professed, but. did
nothing more, that he was able to un
dertake that task. In the eccentric
correspondence of Sherman one charac
ter will very frequently appear. The
very mention of this man's name af
flicted Sherman with something not un
like hysteria.
Letter after letter refers to this
nemesis of the Los Angeles manipu
lator. "Jayhawker" was the norn de
plume of Colonel J. H. Woodard of Los
-Angeles. This man frequently con
tributed to the Los Angeles Times, and,
possessing -a thorough understanding
of the wretched scheme . Into which
Sherman had inveigled the McDonalds,
he lost no opportunity to expose and i
exploit the machinations of Sherman.
This prompted the hysterical "excite
ment of the latter. Most of Sherman's
letters, written not only in connection
with the Electric Railway of Los An
geles but also in reference to other
crazy projects of the southerner, who
is now a resident of this city, were ad
dressed to Frank V. McDonald. As a
bait to flatter Frank McDonald he was
made secretary of the Los Angeles
road. As the correspondence developed
and Sherman's trick in trapping the
Pacific Bank with his scheme became
better known. Frank counseled his
brother to preserve all of Sherman's
letters, as the latter had altogether
too convenient a memory.
As a chapter in the great conspiracy
Sherman and his correspondence sup
ply a great deal of dramatic material.
As« time passed the correspondence will
show that the man who was most di
rectly responsible for the ruin of the
Pacific Bank developed from a flatter
ing. suppliant into an exacting dictator.
DORN AND JOHNS PREVENT A NEWS-
PAPER ATTACK.
The first letter, although short, is in
teresting. Sherman is as usual busy.
The Los Angeles road Is now more than
a project. The vast sums of money
have been taken from the Pacific Bank,
which at that time was insolvent. D.
S. Dorn and A. S. Johns are known as
the "boys" able, in Sherman's opinion,
to fix at least two of the newspapers in
San Francisco, subsequently indicated
by Sherman as the Examiner and the
< hronicle. "Jayhawker" is abroad in
the land, and, in Sherman's words, is
a nasty fellow. Sherman's letter, in
which he gave so much discredit to
Dorn and Johns, is as follows:
MARICOPA, Ariz. Territory, Aug. 1, '92.
F. V.— l wrote you a hurried line
from Phoenix on July 30. Am now
on my way to L— A—. That nasty
"Jayhawker" is at it again, and that
with what you write Mitchell is suy
irg and doing, is enough to make a
man sick. The boys wired me from
S F. that they had (Mr. Dorn and
Johnst finally "headed off" an attack
"Jayhawker' had tried to make in
S. P. I suppose he tries to keep get
ting nas=ty stuff before Mitchell and
the other" Chicago people to try stir
them up too. Yours. M. H.
JAYHAWKER HAD DESIGNS ON THE
SAN FRANCISCO PAPERS.
It was a habit of Sherman not to
sign his letters with his name. He
certainly had one purpose to create aa
DORN AND JOHNS CHECKMATE "JAYHAWKER."
M. H. Sherman had no more determined or persistent enemy than Colonel J. H.
Woodard, otherwise known as "Jayhawker." Woodard was thoroughly in
formed on the affairs of the Los Angeles Electric Railroad, and after he had
exploited Sherman's scheme, in great detail, in the Los Angeles papers, he
came to this city determined to expose the conspiracy in San Francisco news
papers. Woodard was admittedly an able man, and his purpose In coming
to San Francisco created great consternation among- Sherman and his co-con
spirators. The letter that is given in fae simile anow shows that D. S. Dorn
and A. F. Johns prevented Woodard from securing the publication of any of
his articles on the Los Angeles Electric road in at least two of the local morn-
Ing papers.
impression of great haste and another
to hide his identity. On the same day
that the foregoing letter was written
he penned another to R. H. McDonald
Jr., in which he expressed the unchari
table hope that somebody would kill
"Jayhawker." The letter is as follows:
Aug. 1, 1892.
My Dear Friend: Your good letter re
ceived and I will do as you say about
writing F. V. I received Dorn and
Johns' telegrams about "Jayhawker"
and the S. F. papers. This is rough.
Some one should kill him. Yours,
M. H.
TREMBLING IN THE SHADOW OF OF-
FICIAL INVESTIGATION.
On August 13, 1892, "Jayhawker" wag
still a menacing angel of darkness and
threatened to investigate the Los An
geles road and its books, to see if any
money had been spent at Sacramento
or with the City Council of Los An •
geles, or with the Supreme Court of
California, or with town councils in the
southern paft of the State. The threat
seemed to disturb K. H. Sherman very
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1898.
greatly and he wrote the following In
teresting letter:
My Dear F. V.: That man Woodard
is still at it. He is now threatening
to find some one to buy a bond or a
few shares of stock and investigate
everything and see if we have spent
a dollar In Sacramento or with the
City Council, or with the Supreme
Court or lower courts, or anywhere
for any purpose where he can hope
to get 'anything on anyone and then
try to get us all indicted by the Grand
Jury. He wants money and he is
bound to have it or try and make us
trouble. I have wired D. S. to come
up from San Diego and see what it is
best to do. I am bitterly opposed to
letting him blackmail us any more.
The company cannot stand it. I tell
every one that this man may crack his
whip and sail. lie tries to keep up a
stream of letters of complaint from
any one he can get to write them to
different San Francisco bondholders.
He is the worst, most unscrupulous
man I ever knew. Mr. Crank is very
kind. He has a long pull here and
helps us In every way he can. We
are hoping that D. S. will be here to
morrow to go over everything. I
think of you every day. Yours.
M. H.
"IF WE GIVE HIM COIN HE WILL
WANT MORE."
On August 19, 1592, " r oodard had be
come a nightmare to Sherman and the
following letter was written:
My Dear F. V.; That man Woodard
meaner than ever. He threatens to go
to 8. F. I wired R. H. Jr. Mean man.
He wants coin and if we give him this
he will want more. D. S. was in city
yesterday. Woodard caught him as
soor. as he arrived and wanted coin.
Mitchell was in city yesterday and
Woodard saw him. He is very hungry
and is seeking to catch on for a dollar.
Woodard is now after a friend of mine
who has a deal on hand in San Ber
nardino County. He went to him. his
usual card, telling him how much he
knew of his business. Told him a lit
tle item that my friend thought was
private, to prove his knowledge, and
then told him how much good he could
do him or how much evil he could do
him. Then struck for coin. Well, it is
laughable. So long as he will give his
attention to others, and he will as
soon as he finds there is no coin in 'us,
and bleed them, you and I are satis
fied. He is very hungry. He told me
that fishing was short and 1 told him
that if he was in need and if he would
have a subscription paper passed that
we would give him ten dollars.
Well, it takes nerve and it takes
courage to stand it. We have a sure
ease, so our attorneys tell us, so that
we can lock him up for blackmail, but
life la too short and I am too busy to
UNDER THE SHADOW OF OFFICIAL INQUIRY.
In securing the privileges that were necessary in tho operation of the electric roads
in Lk . Angeles M. H. Sherman was forced to resort to methods that do not look
pleasant un.hr a strong light. Colonel Woodard. the ox-newspaper man and
lawyer, knew what had been done, arid threatened to expose Sherman's meth
ods. This threat called forth from Sherman an hysterical letter, part of which
is given in fac simile above. Sherman declared that Woodard was scheming
to secure a few bonds or some shares of stock of the Los Angeles Electric
Railroad, and with the power given to him by the possession of these prop
erty .■.- force an Investigation of the affair;; of the road. Sherman feared that
the Inquiry would develop an uncomfortable expose of what had been done in
connection with courts, Legislatures and town councils. Sherman's letter on
this subject is of extreme interest.
attend to it. so unless he sues us. this
is .Mr. Dorn'a advice, we will donotli
iiifc. But we are netting ready rothut
if he attacks oa w< cap have him ar
rested. He spent two hours in all, I
should think, in talking to us. Throe
of us beard it and our attorneys :<ay
we have him sine. You would have
laughed if you could have seen Wood
ard catch on to Dorn. Woodard has
it in for every one who will not coma
down. He says you have promised
him employment. I know win yon
have Mr. Mitchell tee him, because
you don't want to write him letters.
That la very shrewd in you, too, but
what I fear is he will pump Mitchell.
I know Mitchell will try not let him
but Woodard is awful sharp. M. 11.
SHERMAN WAS FEARFDL OF ANY IN-
QUIRY by the McDonalds.
Sherman lost no opportunity in black
guarding every representative of the
Mi 'Donalds who was sent to Los An
geles to investigate the affairs of the
Electric road. Some of the most iiv
teresting of these letters illustrate this
blackguardism. When any agent of
the McDonalds arrived in Los Angeles,
Colonel Woodard would immediately
place himself in communication with
the arrival. Sherman thus found him
self doubly handicapped. He not only
had to guide the affairs of the road
himself, but he hai to misrepresent
Woodard sufficiently to destroy the ef
fect of the latter's knowledge. One of
these letters, characteristic of Sher
man's position toward investigators, is
as follows:
L. A.. Saturday a. m., Sept. 24, 1892.
My Doar Friend: Your kind tele
gram about Miss D. duly received and
instructions Immediately carried oul.
Wrote and wired her both. Don't
worry about anything here or
about any of the dirty lies Woodard is
trying to get In newspapers, etc. He
says he Is going to give Mr. Tomhlin
a fill too, and etc. He says he has
given Mr. Mitchell a lot of stuff to
give you. It Is hard to work all the
time and to have this dirty fellow
; : . ADVERTISEMENTS.
AND TUMOR HOSPITAL ""STOK.. cured.
THE MOST WONDERFUL DISCOVERY OF THIS AGE.
Thousands cured already in California. No ; cutting out. ' The cancer is killed
and drops out in about seven days without any pain. The place heal 3 quickly.
Reader Remember— Any lump in a woman's breast is cancer, and if allowed to
get largo never fails to poison the glands in the arm-pit. When the cancer in the
arm-pit gets large, i cure is impossible. ' ■. ' * " '.
•:'(;■; The face and lower lip are also very common places for cancer, especially with
men. : They poison quickly from the lip to deep glands of tho throat. : • " '.v
' 80 PACE BOOK -"sent free with addresses and testimonials of hundreds
cured. Get the book and write to them. Trust your life with none but a
graduated cancer specialist with proof of his success. v
S. R. CHAMLEY, M 0. 23 and 25 THIRD ST,
.K. UnAIVILfcY , IVi. UB,U 8 , , ;Bnn Francisco, Cal.
I «SrPLEASU SEND THIS TO SOME ONE "WITH
around all th-- time, but it can't be
helped. Will write more soon. M. H.
SHERMAN'S ATTEMPT. TO JUGGLE WITH
RAILROAD COUPONS.
In a letter written on - eptember 26,
1892, Sherman takes considerable pride
in characterizing; himself as a liar. In
an endeavor to make himself valuable
to 11. 11. McDonald Jr., Sherman shows
his readiness to cheat in a business
transaction whenever cheating will be
of any value to his employers. The
letter is unique in this revelation of
this magi's character and valuable in
its discussion of Los Angeles Electric
read bonds. Notwithstanding the fact
that Sherman very frequently found no
time either to eat or sleep, so deeply
was be engaged in the affairs of the
road, he nevertheless accepted Dick
McDonald's command to look after the
Riverside affair. Excerpts from the let
tor are as follows:
L. A., Sept. 26. 1592.
My Doar Friend: You know how anx
ious F. V. and all of us are to get all
of the old bonds exchanged so as to
make our new issue of bonds actual
first mortgage bonds. This cannot be
done until all the old bonds are bought
in and exchanged and marked can
celed. We have now gotten in all of
the original issue of Electric bonds ex
cept about lifty. All of these fifty
bonds have four coupons cut off from
them, and those coupons are in a box
In your safe, vniiere F. V. put them.
Thus far I have Mold every one I did
not know where these coupons were.
These coupons are the property of the
Electric Railway Company, and we do
not propose to give the holders of these
fifty bonds the benefit of them at all.
You know how very particular the old
man McKee if, and he has refused to
exchange any of these bonds unless
the coupons are pinned on them. You
see how it is. McKee is insisting on
the strict letter of the law, and will
exchange no bonds unless the coupons
are pinned on to them, and It Is no
harm to pin them on In case the rail
road company does not lose anything
by so doing. Please talk this matter
over -with Mr. Dorn and; Mr. Johns.
I shall be on hand at all times to do
any and every thing you wish me to
do In the Miss D. matter. I am, very
truly, M. H. 3.
TEE CLEVER MANIPULATOR REFUSES A
PHANTOM HONOR.
On September 29, 1892, M. H. Sherman
placed himself upon a pedestal of self
esteem and asked his friends and his
dupeß to look upon him as a modern
martyr to duty. He very modestly in
formed his dear friend Frank that h*>
had refused a seat in the United States
Senate. As a matter of fact Mr. Sher
man had not been offered a seat in the
United States Senate, but he told
Frank McDonald that he had and that
accomplished the purpose of Mr. Sher
man, who wished to impress upon the
McDonalds how very busy he was and
how self-devoted and self-sacrificing
he was in their interests. This mythi
cal seat in the United States Senate
which floated in thin air before the
busy vision of Mr. Sherman was to
come from Arizona when Arizona be
came a State. Mr. Sherman's ietter is
as follows:
L,. A., Sept. 29, 1592.
My Dear F. V. : There is much to
write. Mr. Tomblin is here. Mr. John*
has been here and gone away. Miss D.
was here. The »treet railway mat
ters are moving on. There are many
things to be thankful for and much
to annoy. It takes great courage and
much perseverance. I went over every
thing fully with Mr. Dorn and your
brother and Mr. Johns in San Fran
cisco, and we are working on several
things, but we will not annoy you until
vie find out If we can succeed in these
.or not. No use to build up false
hopes until we know, eh. I am of
fered the United States Senatorship,
If Arizona becomes a State under this
new law, but have refused as it is r,o
use to talk. My duty is first to the
property interests I have here in Ari
zona and to my family and friends
who have helped me. Good-Dy.
M. H.
SHERMAN CONCEIVES MYTHICAL PUR-
CHASES OF ELECTRIC BONDS.
A few days later Sherman and Mc-
Kee were in Chicago trying to effect an
electric bond deal. For months after
that Sherman traveled back and forth,
from city to city, trying to persuade the
McDonalds that he could float the
bonds of the electric railroad. Mythical
purchasers bobbed up on every hand.
Sherman bobbed back and forth, bust
ling but doing nothing that was worth
the effort. Now he had purchasers in
Chicago, then in St. Louis and New
York and in Boston. False hopes were
raised in the minds of the McDonalds
that this bustling manipulator, who
had trapped them into a losing venture,
would help them out and dispose of
some of the bonds. To maintain his de
ception Sherman wrote many letters in
which he stated that this and that deal
was on the point of completion, but
nothing was done. The bonds of the
electric railway could not be negoti
ated. Everybody in the financial world
of America, with the exception of the
McDonalds, knew that these b'>nds
were not worth 25 cents on the dollar.
A typical letter showing Sherman's de
ception is as follows:
CHICAGO, Oct. 25. 1892.
My Dear R. H. Jr.: Not a word
from you since I left. Please write
hero. Wrote a long letter to F. V.
to-day telling him of what Mr. McKee
and self were trying to do and asked
him to please show it to Mr. Johns
as I was so busy seeing so many peo
ple and with so many thfnKs on hnnd
that it would save me wilting two let
ters, and I know you wanted Mr. J.
kept posted on things here. It is slow,
but we still think we are going to get
this fight pulled down and get all
standing in and got all out on top.
Mr. McKe? is very, very kind and is
helping well. Woodard if here from
L. A. Funny. I dread him. Well, I
will have more to say soon as I know
what, for sure can do. it takes
much time and patience. I go to St.
Louis again soon. Please forgive my
poor letter, llntfl all are seen and
nave agreed we do not know exactly
what we can do, bo it is no use to
write fully. M. H.
The Call will continue to-morrow the
publication of the letters of Mr. Sher
HUDYAN is the greatest WMfJKS HUDSON MEDICAL INSTV
remedio-treatment that has WZJEWa&Pz TUTE, and from noon: else.
ever been produced by any '■MJMm You need HUDYAN when tin
j combination of physicians. y lm^SmfM\ facial nerves twitch, as ther- ii
jlt cures prematurity. Ihe \*J UgTt(f\ BJ certain to be an irritation at
HUDYAN remedio- treat- I I^dVJL jlUr/M their centers in the brain. You
ment cures the diseases and V SWMJi need HUDYAN when there ii
disabilities of men. It is a \ ■rllll''//j||l a decline of the nerve force, b:-
remedio-treatment tor men m\Wffl| cause this decline shows a lack
only. It cures nervous VlßlfiHl of nerve life, which may develop
weakness, spermatorrhoea, NIU iliiwM into nervous debility, and then
losses and pimples. HUU- W, vImSUSS possibly . Into nervous p ostra-
VAN cures depression of »hl| Mffi?/ tion. If youhave harassed your
. spirits, bashfulness. inabil- • jgj IllllMjar 1 nerves, if you have knot-
ity to look frankly into .the Wj§) J^T ted or gnarled them, if
eyes of another. HULJ- J^^WJmWe^'^M^ you have abused yon!
AN cures headache, dim- ? vW^Jvj S^Jir^ nerves the best th ! r iT tot
I ness of sight, weak mem- /*.W' W'^ r iS v you to get is HUDYAN.
: oTy, loss of voice. HUD- F^ra,,p | ; <MkSsw\ You can get HUDYAN
VAN cures stunted growth, MM '£& ffIPA only from us. HUDYAN
dv«;pep<;i:i. constipation. arm M\ \lfmiZ'S\ cures vaticocde, hv-
HUDYAN cures weiknesv I »i/ '4 ilil drocele, dizzines«,
or pains in the small of ma */) \\ \j{\^/M *. -.« falling sensations,
the back, loss of muscu- * TjsS^lli '$LflßokJ& despair, sorrow
lar power, gloomy, ml- o (?$£ «w W&f M bWEkik^ and misery. Con-
nn.-holv forebodings. W^ ff^^Kg *f! IwN^^ suit the HUDSON
HUDYAN can be had Hr!f' I W||UEJ E'jySSLjW' doctors about
from the doctors of the M%A J 'flJ^^^jp^J HUDYAN in their
a building of thirty rooms: or write for circulars an testimonials of the jrr-nt
HUDYAN.' Cnn'fo: /information or write for CIRCULARS AND TESTI-
MONIALS, FREE. . / • .^- .-; ..-, -,-■•. ;.'•,., ; "v -;,,.-
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
i Ellis, Market and Stockton Streets, San Francisco, Gal. .
BLOOD POISON— In its first, secondary or tertiary form is sure to sh&w these r.vt
BLOOD POlSON— signs: You will notice copper-colored spots, an itching skin, i'ri-
j BLOOD POISON— dry, parched throat, sores in .mouth,; falling hair. You
i BLOOD POlSON— hnve to be quick to stop this disease.: >If you wan 1 to be < ureJ
BLOOD POISON— a iiy, quickly and thorough ly ( consult : the doctors of HUD
BLOOD POISON— SON. Their ~r-.it .- , .. ■ .-;
BLOOD POISON— * : *»^S v n «: v : " H f IOC 1>;1 >;
BLOOD POISON— JU-D/l V %**LJiXJLZ
1 BLOOD POISON— Is what you need. Call or write for circuars or 30-day cure.
man and will carry the history of the
Los Angeles Electric Railroad to the
paint where Sherman found it neces
sary to influence dishonestly the Bank
Commission, In order that the commis
sion might be more than favorably dis
posed to the Pacific Bank and its haz
ardous speculation.
SIGNAL CORPS SENDS
MESSAGES BY NIGHT
CALL BUILDING AND TWIN
PEAKS IN COMMUNICATION.
Wig-Wag Men of the Second Brigade
Did Some Very Successful
Work Yesterday.
The three instrument? used in military
signaling are the heliograph, flag? and
torches. Of these the heliograph 's avail
able only when the sun is shining, flags
require daylight and torches need the
darkness of night. Last night some very
successful signaling was done from the
balcony at the foot of the dome of The
Call building. Forty of the prominent
points and most imposing structures of
the city and county of San Francisco
have been carefully examined by the Sig
nal Corps, and of these The Call building
is one of the most notable.
At a few minutes after 8 p. m. Brigadier
General R. 11. Warfield. Captain liewes.
commanding the Signal Corps of the Sec
ond Brigade of the National Guard, Ser
geant Henton and four men of the corps,
with a Call reporter, ascended the Claus
Spreckels building. During the afternoon
a squad of mounted men of the corps had
been sent to Colnia. These men were to
report on station at 7:15 p. m. Messages
according to General Warfield's direction
were sent to them from Twin Peaks.
The party on The Call building, having
lighted a foot torch, endeavored by wav
ing another torch to attract the attention
of the party at Twin Peaks. For some
minutes this could not be done, as the
Twin Peaks party were engaged in sig
naling to Colma. But after some little
waving and waiting the Twin Peaks party
acknowledged the signal from The Call
building by burning a red light. This
was done at 8:35 p. m. and was at once
acknowledged by the signal AA with the
torch. The attention of the Twin Peaks
party being thus assured, the following
message was transmitted:
"I congratulate you upon your signal
success as the Signal Corps of the Sec
ond Brigade, National Guard of Califor
nia. R. H. WARFIELD.
"Brigadier General Second Brigade."
This message, consisting of twenty-six
words, occupied twenty minutes in trans
mission. As soon as it was concluded the
answering message, A A G. was flashed
from Twin Peaks, A A signinyir.g the
receipt of the message and G standing
for Garfleld, the receiving member of the
corps.
The party on The „ Call building then
transmitted the following message: "Tho
Call congratulates you upon your signal
success." This was acknowledged by th?
»message, A A S, the two As signify ing
the receipt of the message and the S
standing for Scott, one of the party on
Twin Peaks.
This message of eigb'. words occupied
three minutes in transmission.
Though there was a good deal of smoke
hovering over the city the signaling was
entirely successful, and was accomplished
without a hitch or the necessity for repe
tition. The messages were promptly re
ceived and promptly answered.
Olympic Club Banquet.
A banquet was given by the OljTnpiC
Club to the members of the Olympic Ciuo
football team last evening. The hall was
handsomely decorated for the occasion,
and one of the most pleasant evenings In
the history of the club was passeil
present were: W. Bandy, D. Erskine,
William Sexton, William Hobbs, J. C,
Sheeny. William Tomlison, William Mc-
I.am. T. MeNutt, T. Code, R. Wilson. R.
Hamilton, R. We!don, D. Atkinson, G.
Smith H. J. McNevin, James Code, Ed
Wells, George Middlemiss Jr.. F. W. le
l.»':iiliister, S. Parker and William Ken
nedy. Toasts and hilarity continued urj;il
a late hour. The board of dfrecto:.-" v.viv
represented by John Hammersm'it:
George James- During the banquet I
?<l<jrri.s was presented with a har.i
diamond-studded watch fob and locket in
appreciation of his services as captain of
the team.FRANCE HAS
THE SYMPATHY
OF IRISHMEN
Fashoda Affair Inter
ests Erin.
WILLIAM REDMOND'S SPEECH
SENSATION AT A MEETING IN
DUBLIN.
Member of Parliament Calls for
Cheers for Marchand, the Leader
of the Nile Expe
dition.
BY J. J. CLANCY, M. P.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
DUBLIN, Oct. 29.— "Willie Red
rnond" — as William Redmond, M. P. for
East Clare, and brother of John E.
Redmond, M. P., the leader of the
Independent Parliamentary party, is
familiarly called — has fluttered the
Unionist dovecots in Ireland and all
the political dovecots in England, by a
characteristic declaration on the sub
ject of the Anglo-French crisis. At a
great public meeting in Dublin he has
called for cheers for Major Marchand
and declared that the sympathies of
Ireland are with France as against
England in the dispute over Fashoda.
Irish Unionists are horror-struck at
this incident, and some of the English
newspapers are saying that, if Mr. Red
mond had spoken as he has done some
years ago, he would have been tried for
treason. Perhaps so; but one thing is
certain, namely, that in speaking as he
did Willie Redmond spoke the feelings
of nine-tenths or nineteen-twentieth.s
of the population of Ireland, and accor
dingly he is applauded just now for his
speech by almost every Irishman you
meet in country or in town. I have said
that his declaration on the Anglo-
French crisis was a characteristic one,
the meaning of which is that Willie
Kedmond has always been a most un
compromising Nationalist and has the
inveterate habit of making the fact
known to all men at what some persons
who are not really Nationalists but
ly profess to be so consider incon
venient times. Thus, many years ago,
when he first entered Parliament, he
•ssed the hope that the Russians
would some time or another stable their
s In Westminster Hall. The say
ing has stuck in the minds of English
men ever since; yet. notwithstanding
this, Willie Redmond is rather a
:ue than otherwise at \W-stmin-
He is a hearty, genial, frank, gen
■ :ily fellow, and in the Hoi;
cnons such a person is always liked.
I may a\M that he ralher smiles at the
i>eing denounced by the Er.g
ps for his pro-French speech.
actually rejoices at the receipt of
Ltening letters he has re>
from Englishmen whose feelings ap
to have been outraged.
An election is taking place this week
be north district of the county of
ir.a^h. The vacancy has been
created by the appointment of Rich
ard Dane, the former representative of
the const itut-iK-y, to the post of County
Court Judge for Mayo. Mr. Dane is
another genial fellow, who is liked uni
versally, notwithstanding his politics.
f -en recently described as a
!i who is sane on every day but
one in the year— the 12th of July, or
"Orangeman's day"— but knowing'him,
as I do, I do not think he is so extreme
;. politician on one side as Willie Red
—who, by the way, was his pre
jsor in the representation of North
.anagh— is on the other. However,
this may be, he has recently- got his re
ward for winning the seat for North
Fermanagh for the Unionist party, and
his reward has taken the shape of a
County Court Judgeship, worth about
or about 56000, a year. His ac
ceptance of a paid office under the
crown renders him incapable of sitting
In Parliament, and hence the election
now pro. eedlng. The candidates for
tht- vacant seat are two Unionists, a lo
cal doctor named Thompson and a local
landlord named Archdall. The differ
ence between the two is that Thompson
Is not an extreme politician, and ap
pears inclined to court the Catholic and
Nationalist vote in the constituency,
while Archdall stands aloof from all
compromise with '-rebels or papists."
My own opinion is that the latter will
win. There are some liberal-minded
Unionists and Protestants in North
Fermanagh, who would be numerous
enough if they stood together to turn
the scale; but when the Orange drum
is sounded they all troop into the Or
ange camp. But it really matters very
little. The Orangemen in Ulster con
trol a few seats in the House of Com
mons, it is true; but nevertheless they
count for nothing in Parliament, and
the best proof of this fact is to be
found in the profound indifference with
which their protests and their othf-r
doings are regarded by every English
Minister without exception.
A few evenings since in London a
somewhat notable dinner took place —
that in honor of Sir Anthony MacDon
nell. Lieutenant Governor of the North
west province of India. It was essen
tially an Irish gathering. Lord Rus
p.-ll of Klllowen, the Irish Catholic
Chief Justice of England, was one of
the principal speakers, and he was sur
rounded by quite a crowd of men edu
cated in the Queen's College, Galway,
where Sir Anthony MacDonnell was a
student. A curious thing is that that
institution, situated in a remote and
backward part of Ireland, has been the
foster-mother of an unusually large
number of men who have in the last
twenty years come to the front in one
way or another in public life. At or
about the time I was mystlf a student
of the college there were there Anthony
MacDonnelL T. P. O'Connor, the well
known journalist of London and M. P.;
William Thompson, now Sir William
Thompson, who was last year president
of thf? Royal College of Surgeons of Ire
land, and half a dozen others who have
similarly distinguished them
eelves in politics, literature or the pro
fessions. In addition to them and but
a little before their time there were in
fJalway Justice Monroe of the Irish ju
dicial bench, the greatest nisi prius ad
vocate probably since O'Connell, and
the present Attorney General for Ire
land. John Atkinson, the best mentally
equipped man at the present day at the
English or the Irish Bar. Sir Anthony
MacDonnell himself is the son of a
man in the class between the farmers
and the big landlords, who immigrated
to Galway from Roseommon with his
family to give his sons the benefit of a
university training. The result of his
wise forethought so far as his oldest
eon was concerned, would be far be
yond his utmost expectations, for that
eon has now occupied in succession all
the highest places in the Indian civil
service, and, as he himself remarked in
his speech at the dinner to which I have
referred. India, during a great part- of
the time he has been there, has been
governed mainly by Irishmen. The
thought that occurs to most Irishmen
1p that if Irishmen only got a chance
they might do as well at home. J
THE EMPORIUM. |
I /iSl^^^^^l iwm^ The Annual Doll Show Opens Monday, Nov. 14.
% Vl^HW^^* § iMfftpf' \ Entrancing tableaux for the children in the fairy grotto— Little Red Riding
* /" toWs^^S^~ -3rfWJrl J^^vtfC^?^ ) Hood, Cinderella and the glass slipper, Noah's Ark, etc., etc. The wonderful doll
I L-JNli^i'" ' 1 '^^m'+JP* V show, surpassing any similar exhibit ever made in this city. The big doll theater,
I f^wM^M ' I vf W^^Mßofi4S^^^\ the doll circus, the marvelous mechanical toys.
*" l^^^y.ffi J i |! '"' r l|lr ' t v^^^l&K^^^^ /' Ask or send for the Holiday Messenger— a little booklet which gives a thousand hints of suitable gifts for
/ Fe^ *ir? im I' ' mP^ /, ' V*^'"^^^^^^^^^ l^^^-^^' mo'her, father, sister, rrotner; sweetheart, friends and the children. Ready for distribution Wednesday. -' ■.'.'•'
\ " ft • . r
* Fail Millinery.
#> y-^^^^v The great
& • om£o>\ Millinery Da
* Francis co ' a
iT '^iliSsp^r'^^ Sf¥ praise and
t9 *£y*t' &1v I Tall 1 • a*
* oS; • v* I "j admiration
..£ a. \i *7* 1 -^^ on the be3ut
* %fa*G&^ *^";«iJliv iful new Fall
& V^^Vi " ":) ' JL? and tine trim
X v J '/)'Jl Mf( mings are ar
*"^ * . riving almost
*> daily from" New York and Europe. ■ We
♦ have all of the swagger colors in velvets
♦ including the high novelties of Prune
♦ Dahlia and Hydrangea Blues. Our exclusive
a models are shown only in our private pat
% tern room and are not exhibited in th
£ show windows.
£ Latest English Walking Hats, trimmed
■&> with flax netting and natural #*
♦ wings— s3.Qo,. §2.2s and 4>Z.UU
•§ English Round Walking Hats, -.-, «pj
? Newport's latest whim 4>O.UU
I New Gloves.
5| You'll need a pair or two of new gloves
£1 for Thanksgiving day. Those below are
J. in the proper colors and we tit and guar-
♦ an tee every pair.
♦ Ladies' 2 - clasp - Kid Gloves (l : ght
♦ weight) — red, new • blues, tans, modes,
g* greens, al3o black-embroidered white —
Jv sizes. There are none better at *. « no
% the price , 4>I.UU
& Ladies' 2-clasp English Walking Gloves
♦ — reds, new blues, greens, tans, modes,
♦ also black-embroidered t white all sizes.
* The heavy-weight "manish kind".. * . qq
£ "Ladies' 3-clasp Kid Gloves "The Pre-
ij miere" — fashionable reds, new greens, new
£ blues, new slate, browns, tans, modes, also
» black and white — all sizes. This <*• < rrj
* is our leader at.. <4>*OU
♦ Ladies' 2-clasp English Walking Gloves in
? the seasonable shades of red, blue, green,
? elate, brown, tan, mode, also back +.* r«
'5 embroidered in white — all sizes... .^>*»JU
* T/wy g ove ord rs for y our friends whin
* >•£?« do not know the ir(i or color desired —
* can be made out for any amount. .
t Corsets.
♦ The new short Corset, m;.de of stout
* English sateen, with double striped steels,
? perfect fitting, black only, sizes <♦,' ( nn
t 18 to 26 •... 3>I.UU
'5 Short 4-hook Corsets, made of French
£» sateen, lace top and bottom, in * > rr\
y black, sizes IS to 25 r. ..'.:. :SJ.OU
& Medium Waist Corsets, boned bust, two
♦ side steels, French sateen, ' elegantly em-
'!£ broidered, sizes 18 to 30, in C t — c -
? black- ;.. 4>K/D
Short Corsets, with cutaway hips, black
$, ground with floral designs, blue, gold or
iy lavender, daintily trimmed with lace and
> ribbons, high clas3 Corsets, sizes *.* nr v
♦ 18 to 26 4>J UU
*• Children's Fall Jackets and Capes are
? ready in latest cuts, cloths and trimmings.
* ■ ■— W&M
* Flannelette Gowns.
In Tennis Flannel Gowns we have the
f> largest stock of the newest styles that
£> can be found in the city. With us this
£ garment of utility and warmth is also "a
♦ thing of beauty," and our prices for the
? best qualities are as low or lower than
? others are for commonplace quality and
a style.
$, Gown of Montville Mills Tennis in pink
£> and blue stripes, full sizes 58 inches long,
♦ pearl buttons, finished and bound __.
♦ seams :. /DC
* Gown of Amoskeag Tennis, extra wide,
T full cut, Saxony cord tassel on neck and
T cuffs, 58 inches long, pearl but- - 1^ nrk
£ tons, finished and felled seams... $I*oo
$, Gown of Fall Mills Tennis, neat pretty
#> new style, selected and exclusive . pat-
* terns, extra wide, extra full cut, pearl
♦ buttons, seams finished and felled a i _ _
* $1.25
? Tennis Flannel Skirts at 25c, 35c. 50c
J and 75c.
184-7 Roger Bros.'
* Silver Table Ware.
J 1847 Itoger Bros.' Al Flat Ware— The best
7 manufactured— Teaspoons— plain pattern*
* -6 f0r...... *1.25
&. Tablespoons and Forks— patterns— 6
■*,■ ' for ......'...'....5t£.%0
T Teaspoons— fancy patterns— 6 for — :,U .:;o
♦ Tablespoons . and Forks— fancy patterns—
♦ for .V.. »2.00
*, - ••-.■•. • ; -
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1898.
THE EMPORIUM.
The Cafe.
The most charming lunch place in the
city, the most convenient place for shop-
pers, the nicest place for ladies unaccom-
panied by escorts, the daintiest service,
the finest cuisine, the most moderate
prices.
Salads, Oysters, Hot Dishes, Sar.dwiches,
Cold Meats, Puddings, Pies and Cakes from
our own bakeshop. Unsurpassed Coffee,
Tea and Chocolate.
Boys' Clothing
For Thanksgiving.
Will the children need some new clothing for the National Feast Day The
second new stock of this season is ready-all of tba latest productions of the lead-
ing manuf?' < in America of Boys' Clothing. . \ , ■ ■■ • ■
The latest New York City Fancies— handsome
//%>^U new Middy Suits— new Norfolk Middy Suits— pretty
if *£>% new 2-piece Knee Pants— Suits for merry young
M^fc* IP men of 8 to 16 years, both in single and double
"kJ breasted coats of latest styles— Reefers— Top
' Zd •"^k Coats — Overcoats — all new and dependable — bring
/•rH^r^-^iy the boys — no trouble to suit the
f\ gß Ky l\ most fastidious— and as to the >^^Vv
/P^ i^ \ prices, we never gave better J-^^Wi 1 -
A" Ixl 9f&c3 I V values for the money. /* tt^Yt^r -
/ "/o \ - \\ NEW VELVET MIDDY ■ l 5w
L—Jj ( *^r\'^ I I — Very prettily mada for J3g5?C
jZjr jLv^H^ the Emporium's Holiday trade— rf rf^G^?iifel> Sk
V?9^^>-' *W/S nC£^^ NORFOLK MID- /^^flP^
Crl \^=====^rJPiy^ DIES— SI.SO qualities only $5. fov^O", JlH 1
\ i Ji\ lU 1 Scores of Other Styles /S3 f ;i; i iV^Jf
I — - [/ "■•' •• =*-, - 11—. for Smaller Money. nr'f*** f l4t "
'»*-ln "~~-~ f' BOrS ' APIECE SUITS— 44U —JT
/y"^2L^>' All W001— 52.45, $2.95 and^/( f^^ " §
More New Styles Added the Past Few Days. . Im- f-»■f -»■ L >#= j^/
SOLE AGENTS FOR THE GRAND RECIPROCITY SUITS iL4jtojjfUu#
— We are having immense success with them — superb imported ISS^Si3
and domestic textures — beautifully tailored — double seats and C Z JcCOr
knees— splendid variety of colors — thoroughly dependable — and l = *3pr- ■
all for $5. iShfi pP
REEFERS. $2.45 to $10— TOP COATS $3 to $10 )~ I }«-=^-
BOYS' ALL-WOOL, LONG-PANTS SUITS $5 to $18 \J I J^?
BOYS' OVERCOATS $3.50 to $18 j] ( Lj^JsP
BOYS' WAISTS— Full assortment of new Embroidered y^iWiU^F'
Blouses — we show a new line of Launderei Waists at 49c— they
are perfect in fit and make worth more than we ask for them. &/r
BOYS' KNEE PANTS— Hundreds *of mothers know already that we sell
the best looking, best wearing Wool Knee Pants to be had at the popu-
lar prices — 50c, 75c and $1. - - ■-■.■•
Minimum Prices on
ip<gq| .||||| Good Furniture.
 * fl= yA #J ' This picture merely indicates the style of a very
~ I'/ "'\ substantial selected Oak finish Bedroom — 3 pieces
j] "I . —bed, bureau and washstand— large French beveled
< jr.■j r.■ P) plate mirror — pretty carvings high polish — the
P— Mr -ll**- **| - regular price $25.00 — for this week C)K 7c
jj r «.x4->ll^ - <-■ 6 * : — • 3>13./3
jj r- • fe°?°^r Good Spring Mattr^ « ${.&} '■
IIEHOIr S====tJ This five-piece Par- dK^F^N-^ft
U." -iw I -I lor Suit, upholster- j *-^y~- ~!?^~7'~~~'Ti ' jfH55 > A
ed in fine broca- V nl'_* jfft£.'''.'_-lA _. K^N
-to, telle -regularly sold for $27.5 < jn[^g^^):^n|' _^Jlj
"w^Tw Sideboard — solid selectee I*- |s |<r^Tv \M~ " '
\ V*/*/ \ oak — highly polished — elabo- ««*• j *^ j
*& ' i .'Ti " ' %* rately hand-carved — 44x18 L*' u^
~^ " 'jT inches — three styles — worth $35.00 —
/ . \ for this week CIT T^ «<"J^' ' — ~~_^^^
*rm ii »"" ; u)l •• * O ' _T~—^^^^^^
*"" ' *ZL Oak finished" Parlor Table, like 7llt\ TP
[&^.\ | [o«f| picture— polished top — a bargain at Ui \ \\
Fj^T—J 1 ' $I.2s— come early to get one ,-/\ r U (If \\
*~ X*—"K *— " Hi this week at OvrC . /J I V
Remarkable Bargains in U^L ~~~^3
Carpets, Rugs. , ([^ \
Some recent purchases at a great New York Carpet Sale, [
absolutely perfect goods from the best makers in newest designs.
Alex. Smith & Son's Axminster Carpets, best quality, regularly Bold ..
for $1.35 yard, for : .'. 3>I.UU
Alex. Smith & Son's Tapestry Brussels, almost endless variety of pat- --.
terns and color effects to select from, per yard t-5C
Ingrain Carpetings, extra quality of goods, a fine line of patterns, per 3 —
yard JjC
Linoleum 12 feet wide (wide enough to cover a room in one piece , per - c
square yard '. 4oC
Art Squares in sightly patterns and 1 colors — save carpets, espe- -»^ »_
cially in dining-rooms — in all sizes — 9x6 feet, a good size, costs U>^»U3 "
Extra quality Linen Warp Matting, reduced from 30c per yard to . m - x
„.. * ■ 2C
Kid Dolls.
So immense is our stock that only an
fitem at a time can be
mentioned in our Holiday
Advertising. Here's a line
at bargain prices :
Full Kid body, Bisque
head, Mohair wig of curly
ringlets, fixed eyes, cork
stuffed — 13 inches long,
25c— 11 inches, lie.'
Same with shoes and
stockings, 19 inches long,
$1.00— 16 inches, 75c—
13 inches, 25 c. *■
Same, with moving or
sleeping . eyes and shoes
and stockings, 21 inches
long, A 1.5u — 18 inches,
$1.00—14 inches, jOc. .
Same, superior quality kid, having metal
rivited Jointed arms, hips and knees, will
" set in any. position, _ sleeping eyes." shoes
*■ and ' stockings— ' • •
24H inches long, $3.50— 22 inches. $2.50
-18% inches. $1.50-17«4 i i hes. $1.00-
18 inches, 50c. •
HirN'S AND BOW
_,_ ■ . ■ THAr.HS: GIVING
I " .1 ' Men's Fedora and
I ._ Derby Hats in the
gV/ latest Knox. Dun-
Y't^. *^>~»^s?^v lap and Touman
'''^^^WM/^Ss/ shapes. In black
tTHA r.Hi GIVING
HA 0,
Men's Fedora and
Derby Hats in the
latest Knox. Dun-
lap and Youman
shapes. In black
and brown, all silk
VITOW «*f ! ; •■ bands and bindings,
Vv wJ? $3 45. $2 45, $1 85 and !
#i.an.
•5 1 "I The genuine John '•
/?A^~~~~— -A ' •B. Stetson Hats.
1 'ML^ IL. latest block and .
WSfia^ssi'^W colors In Derby and
-: ; fv^f^CV . Fedora, $4.50.
1*gt*4444««*4444444444444<
THE EMPORIUM.
Thanksgiving Pies,
Cakes and Candy.
From our own extensive baking and
candy shop in the basement — kept as
clean and neat as a private kitchen— the
same appetizing pastries served daily in
the cafe.
Mince and Pumpkin Pies — special
Thanksgiving size
Rich Plum Puddings — made to or- .
der any weight desired— per lb 4-UC
Delicious Fruit Cake, made to order and
decorated, any size required, without
decoration — pound *HJC
Salted Almonds— per pound -~
Finest French Mixed Candy that .- _
can be made — per pound 3jC
Buttercups and all similar candies, ~-
made fresh daily— per pound
Ladies' Neckwear.
§ Black Liberty Silk
k'j//j Neck Collarettes— a
durable, handsome
/#is-^« Gib nec dressing —
/v*«? till -W\ choice assortment of
\M> • 4*A styles— prices $4.50,
<<%Si $3.75, $2.50, $1.75,
Vl ty'^ jrf $1.25 and $1 each. '
Jk **• E2 A large selection
"9*sfa."s Jzyb of Silk Chemisette
y^Hg^n^"!* and Blouse Fronts-
choice novelties at
V^ 9 J Jlt Wl $3.50, $3, $2.75,
[II $2.50 and $2 each.
i'l'lk Ostrich ' Feather
fil'iV Boas— -A new ship-
ll'iv ment and v our own
■jy direct importation —
W» quality guaranteed —
s 36-inch size- $8.50, $10 and $12.50.
. ':, 45-inch size- $10, $12.50 and $15. /?;}
Thanksgiving
Magazines.
, The - Thanksgiving . numbers .of the lead-
Ing Magazines are now on sale at our news-
stand, where, also, orders can .be filled In
advance for the special Christmas issues
of Foreign and American Periodicals.
W tiokf ctn Hu Be ftaz aar. H
THE EMPORIUM.
Thanksgiving
Cook Books.
We have an assortment of 75 titles by
50 famous authors on the Science of
Cooking. Among the newer cook books
are :
Century Cook Books, by Mrs. * f or
Ronald $J.OU
Boston Cook Book, by Mrs. A f Qn
Lincoln $J.6U
Francatelli Cook 800k — new a t nr\
edition : $J.OU
Aunt Babbettes' Cook 800k... *. _-.
„. 4>l.jU
National Cook Book, by Marion o-i'^rr
Harland qjJ.OD
. Twentieth Century Cook Book, a, ~r
by Moritz and Kahn..............'...' !pJ.Oj
Good Cooking, by Mrs. Rorer..... .^
.White House Cook Book (in q^-
great demand).... "DC
['Postage on above 32c tx'ra ) .
■ Presidential Cook 800k — adapted ,-j_
from the White House Cook Book.. JJC
■ ;'i-^ '"]■;.• {Voltage i^cxtrj.) .-. 1/.
Golden Rule Cook Book ...' i,';
21c
(Postage 15c extra.) , '
Ye Fine Table Linens
For the Thanksgiving Feast.
' If there be one thing above another that £s/£)
the big store prides itself upon it is the J^rK
large assortment of beautiful Table Linens. Jp > -\<
Our collection, which is well worth inspect- >J-*/'
ing, contains many specimens of the best /*T\ j^ff^,
work of the Irish and Austrian weavers. A /^yMyi 'x***^'l(l
notable feature of the window display is a /[ &4 j) £ 7|t\\
$250 Embroidered Dinner Set. The prices / Ssr^J St 'W< /X
quoted herewith are positively the lowest in (~/^\ § *v7\/'/ tj
the city for the same grades — 9 <? /*£/ €^
BLEACHED TABLE DAMASK— glossy as a —^=^s cb
mirror — substantial in texture — fine in '^^^^P^^^ fvp "*^n
thread— ll different patterns— per ci ia r/f ifT^^^CSj^B-^j^^^
yard .....:„.... q>l.lU ff W/^^~Z<^~scg£C~='
BLEACHED TABLE DAMASK— satin finish, " Jy/;^ '/■///////%?/. '
72 inches wide — the .kind that willoi f\r\ fl 1 fl fl frtl f?
look well as long as it lasts — per yard 3)1 ■ \JVj L- /v/ \ou LTlltsiiJiJ^f
BLEACHED TABLE DAMASK— a very ex- 1 (\'U//// t
ce'.lent quality— for large tables, '. -- !i'\ ''''/**
being 70 inches wide — per yard /OC "S/'//,
BLEACHED TABLE DAMASK— 60 inches wide— an ail-flax production -^v
of the Irish looms — per yard — OWL
DINNER SETS— Hemstitched Linens— cloth 8 yards long— one dozen napkins
to match— from $6.75 to $40 set.
DINNER SETS — Fringed linen, open work in Table Cloth — 3 yards q>c> ef>
long, with one dozen napkins to match •• CJJU.JU
NAPKINS — Fine linen— 24 inches . square (same grade as our $1 j^q
Damask —per dozen ~ ...- ->- «3>-3.UU
NAPKINS- 24 inches square— good in appearance and wear — large q.<y —f\
assortment of designs — per dozen •• u>*«3U
NAPKINS — inches square — heavy-weight, yet fine in — Ger- «q — —
man make — large variety of patterns — dozen «3)>J»/3
FINE TABLE CLOTHS— bleached linen— border all around— very de-
sirable —
Size 2 yards by 2 yards $2 75 Size 2 yards by 3 yards $4 00
Size 2 yards by t$J yards :, -•"> -Size 2 yards by 2V 2 yards. .A. ,4 50
m£i Go With the Turkey.
Here are a few of the eatables and drinkables that vviil be
required Thankgiving Day. The low prices quoted are for the
best, and the bestonlv. Direct Grocery Telephone — South 59.
New Jordan Almond?, per pound 45c
Fancy Table Raisins, per pound 15c
New Cleaned Currants, per pound lOc
New Cleaned Currants, in pack-
ages 12 l-2c
Best Quality Assorted Nuts, 2 lbs. for. 2sc
Good Orange and Lemon Peel, per 1b..15c
Heat Candled Orange and Lemon Peel,
per pound ll>c
Good Citron, per pound We
Best Corsican Citron, per pound lOC
Gordon & Dlllworth's Plum Pudding,
1 lb., 22c; 2 lbs., 4Oc; 3 lbs 60c
Richardson & " <hhins' Plum Pudding,
1 Ib., 25c: 2 lbs.. sOc; 3 lbs 75c
New Jams and Jellies (In glass Jars)..lse
Beaded Raisins, package, 10candl2 l-2c
II me Made Mince Meat, 2 pounds for. 2sc
Condensed Mince Meat (any brand),
I packages for 25c
Good Prunes, per pound Oc
Fancy Prunes, 40 to 50 to the 1b..12 1-2 c
Evaporated Peaches best quality.)
pound 12 l-2c
Dessert Blackberries, tin...'. 5c
Mount Vernon Pure Rye Whiskey, dis-
tillery bottling, full quarts $1.75
Yellowstone Whiskey, bourbon. a
whiskey with a world-wide repu-
tation for purity, full — 91.25
Kentucky Belie, rich and mellow,
bourbon, bottle .'..... 75c
Hennessy Three Star Cognac, gen-
uine, bottle 1 .70
Five-year-old Grape Brandy, bottle...
Ml kinds of cordials and liquors.
Ml kinds of imported and domestic mineral wafers.
Seasonable Hose.
Children's Ribbed Hose, fine M:ico Cot-
ton, double knees and unbleached split
double soles, heels and toes, Hems- ,«_
dorf black, extra value, per pair
Children's Cashmere Wool Hose, ribbed,
fast black and seamless, doable heels and
toes, heavy weight, good wearing - c
school hose, only JLjQ.
Children's Fancy Cotton Hose, ribbed,
the latest designs in Scotch plaids and
' Roman stripes, sizes 6 to 81/8 l/ i — per .rt
j pair ~_ 4OC
Ladies' Hermsdorf Black, real Maco
! Cotton, extra high spliced heels, double
j soles and toes, all black, and black with
I unbleached feet, 3 pairs for * f n< -.
.pI.UU
Ladies' Imported Cashmere Wool Hose,
! heavy weight, high spliced heels, double
i soles and toes, in natural gray and _-.
'fast black DUC
Ladies' Fancy Lisle Thread Novelty
I Hose, latest designs in Roman stripes and
I fancy drop stitch tops and black __
boot combinations SUC
Gas Lamps.
fThis is the place to buy
Genuine Welsbach Lamps
at cut ptices.
Latest improved Wels-
bach Lamps, complete
with shade, like picture ...
: $1.25
Genuine Welabach
Lamps, 1897 style, com-
! plete with shade, like picture 95c
Latest improved Welsbach Mantles..3sc
THE EMPORIUM.
You ll Need Carvers
Thanksgiving Day.
Stag-Handled, Good Steel <j. t nn
j Carvers — per pair $J-UU
Stag-Handled Russell Steel -.. en
I Carvers — per pair.. •-..... vpJ.SU
Stag or Bone Handled Russell's Best
I Garver3— Knife, Fork and Steel -- cr .
$3 and 3>0.5U
Ivoride-Handled Russell's Best Carvers—
Knife, Fork and Steel & - nrv
......'. $4.50 and $:>.UU
Ivoride or Stag Handled Russell's Best
L. F. &C. Carvers— in case *_ nrv
- : -. $4.50 and 4>S.UU
Game Carvers — Russell's — per #* -.>»
pair .: spZ.UU
Russell's White-Handle Table * f en
Knives— set of 6 $I.DU
Russell's Celluloid-Handle Ta- *_ n
ble Knives— set of 6 $Z.\J()
Old Jamaica Rum, bottle $1.00
Medford Rum, buttle 75c
Holland Gin, A. V. & H., cenulno
Hoboken, large black bottles 81.50
Holland Gin, choice, per bottle SI.OO
Tom Gin. (Burkes). bottles .no
London Tom Gin, bottle l)Oc
Keegan's .Scotch or Irish Whiskey,
bottle $1.00 '
Claret, superior quality, dozen quart
bottles : *l!.7O
Zlnfandel, extra quality, dozen quart
bottles $8.50
Sauterne, 5 years old, very rich.
dozen quarts $4.50
Relsling. Al quality, dozen quarts.. s4.OO
G. H. Mumm's Extra Dry Champagne:
Case 1 dozen quarts.... 832.
Case 2 dozen pints $34.40
Quart bottle 82.75
Pint bottle $1.45
Pommery Bee Champagne:
Case dozen quarts S.'Sii.— O
Case 2 dozen pints $154. to
Quart bottle $2.75
Pint bottle ..$1.45
We sell a brand of California Cham-
pagne, the best domestic made, put up In
a very attractive style, which is very hard
to tell from the. imported:
Case dozen quarts $11
Case 2 dozen pints $11
Quart bottle $1.00
Pint bottle • sOc
Cooking Utensils
For Thanksgiving.
Double Turkey Roaster like picture,
self-basting, 15 inches Ion? ... 38c
Roast Pans, >^. .^^^
granite steel, 14- j^aL^P^-
inch size, square W§^/ g^— — A
or oblong... \T\*a v XI
Pudding Pans, V -^AV\\^ * 'iiiljl
3-quart size- 3c
Cake Pans, scalloped tin, 8-inch siza..sc
Pie Plates, large, deep, steel enameled,
mince pie size 10c
■ L _ iL _ J ■• " \^ No. ;
fe^^^^^^^^^^^i^fc tange — a
\ *l *^ and towel
rod setup
in any part of the city for-... .515.50
Blankets—Spreads.
"Exhibition" Lamb's Wool White Blan-
kets, a home product that the world can-
not beat, made from Australian wool, 78
inches wide, bound in deep silk o-ir\ f\(\
ribbon, per pair.. .....;....... >U.UU
Good California-made Fine White Blan-
kets, high-grade wool, a good ,-. a „
warm bed covering, per pair ..." . $4. / 5
1 White Marseilles Spreads, very , fine in
weave, the patterns well defined *<« ._
new, t001............ lpZ»\j
' Good Grade ■ Marseilles Bedspreads, full S
size and effective in appearance *f " --.
............;.............. J«SU .
- ; Down Comforters, large range, ,-full
standard size, from $3.75 to $35.00 each.
*4444«4*44444444444444<
THE EMPORIUM.
:;?'f; . ■ : '
Best reserved seats ;in - *
I the theaters for sale in *
this store without extra <#
charge. ♦
China and Glass for *
Thanksgiving. «
Turkey Platters, 16 inch, best quality 2,
white granite ware 50c
-vgss^^^^^. Turkey J
Platters, *
rated like picture $1.40 2
Plain Glass Water Goblets, set of .... 30c J
Thin Blown Claret Tumblers, set of 6..28 c
Sets, 13 pieces i^^^^^^^^^ *
Bowl, on stand, '
large size, new jjJ^Ss^ll^iy "•"
patterns.. 53.00
Black Coffee " ♦
Cups and Saucers, semi-porcelain, deco- ♦
rated, set of 6... 54c ♦
Bread and Butter Plates, fine china, 2
gold edge, with a pretty decoration, set JL
of 6... ••- 63c
Decorated and Gold Bonn Salad Bowls. ~~lz^'<4f
...„ 54c ♦
Crystal Engraved Lemonade. Set, • large 2
tankard shape pitcher, 6 tumblers and »
silve-ine tray, the set 98c "#
\^^^^^^^\ *
-■ * '•''■'-, ■ ■
Semi-porcelain China Dinner Set, .decora- *
tions in dainty pink, 103 pieces, for 5,
12 persons: _ - ....59.50 J
::;,..;. _ ♦
Thanksgiving Fix- %
ings for Gentlemen ♦
Your full enjoyment of the Thanksgiv- *
ing dinner, the football game or the social "C
event in the evening will be more complete ♦
if you provide yourself with some of these *
valuable accessories to your toilet. " A few 2,
timely suggestions herewith. 2,
/ NECKWEAR— -Each week brings to the «
front some in
shape in which vKiSiJbv *
to illustrate --r-rK^^^^ "*
some new silk gidCg^^^K^' <J
idea. We show 1
some elegant /3s hl»!ij£L "2
effects in /omMs^ 'S
"once-over" As- S^J^W^^S^^. *
cots, Imperials, taa 4»^3^^Sh 4
de Joinvilles |£'-l£&^i!£^#' *
and pansy puffs jNrlP^r>J^iK^ "*
in barathea, j^^^#Vw\. *
swivel and bas- /'('■'lgi'iff.^y^ J
ket weaves. xi!'^^/* : ». l^i'^^
Prices— s2, /vSg&yJjW' I
$1.50, $1, 75c i^^.^"' I *^^ «
and 50c. f^^^^t-;^©^. <g
REEFERS— x^^^^^^^ft %
Black and «
White surah . .^ ."* s-.' *•
silk hemstitched and the late effects in "*
stripes. We make no charge for stamp- 2
ing. Prices— s3.oo, $2.50, $2.00, *f ■ nn " 2
$1.50 and •-.. $KUU J
HANDKERCHIEFS — The variety of *
men's handkerchiefs we display is unusu- *
ally large. The lines of silk and linen ♦
cover the entire range of price and qual- 2
ity. Our line of initial handkerchiefs com- J
prehends everything that is desirable, be- 2
ginning with a hand-embroidered i-^i^,
fine cambric, hemstitched at I^2^*
HOSIER — The demand for fancy <f
hosiery for fall shows no lessening. We ♦
show them in stripes, plaids and polka *•"
dots. Something new is a cashmere in a 2
handsome plaid— 7sc, 50c and 25c. •.' ; t2
UNDERWEAR— Our assortment of im- 5
ported and domestic Underwear .is the <#
most complete we have ever shown, in- ♦
eluding cashmere, merinos, silk and wool <*
mixtures and natural wools — prices from 2
50c to $10.00. •*,
Oriental Goods I
For the Holidays. %
The beautiful Chir^se and Japanese Ba-
zaar at the rear of *»•• •» iin floor presents ,5
a brilliant, fascinating display of Holiday ' T
Goods. jZ,
Dainty Oriental Chlaaware— Embroider- 'Q?
Ed Gowns and Jackets— quaint pictures and <g.
other decorative articles by Japanese and
Chinese artists— jardlneres, hanging vases, T»
cornucopias— rare bronzes, Cloissone ware . if
and ivory carvings, and innumerable other dp
articles that will make delightful presents,
especially for friends living In the East ]■
who cannot readllly obtain these goods. tt
Tea sets from $1 to $s<>. "#
■$3 or $4 will buy a v:ry dainty China ♦
Tea Set. *
Silk Embroidered 5 o'clock Tea Table V
Covers, all colors, easy to send bymaiL.SJOc <&
Tourists never fail to visit this Bazaar, which d|>
it rnn'iiirre.l the finest in San Francisco, and
probably in America- "•■•.■; ; dj*
Handkerchiefs for I
the Holiday Season. %
Several thousand dozen Ladies' Hand- ♦
kerchiefs, imported expressly for holiday *
trade, will -be placed on sale this week— ' *
our first showing. . :
500 dozen Ladies' All Linen Hand-em-
broidered Initial Hemstitched' Handker- «jj
chiefs, put up in boxes, containing half <f>
dozen, exceptional value, box 90c —* r <*
each .- :;.......'....... *-> c .2
350 dozen Extra Sheer Hand-embroi- 2
dered Initial Hemstitched Handkerchiefs, J
boxes containing half dozen at $1.50, _ . J
or, each..-.-..-. • ZDC
285. dozen Print Border Hemstitched 41
Handkerchiefs, on good quality cloth, _ <#
55c dozen — each 3C ■#
200 dozen La- .*
/v dies' White Hem- •*
-yyitS. stitched extra 2
- si I \ N. - - quality and . full J
/ IW size Handker- «jjj
. A/I % x .X chiefs, at $1.10 «
*<•;•*. "V'^Sr dozen— . ~ '•*
I^4,# •• lOc 2
ySkVjjHT " .450 dozen Fan- *
/ «snC*«^Ql \ cy ' Embroidered *,
Ax§FS3r\. V Handkerchiefs, on -2
( '2fv > *»i» i V %£# sheer cloth, com- ♦
\< v v Pa- >i§^ prising lace edge «
V».y* WjZr and scalloped em- <f>
*&'s& broidered,at $1.75 JJ
>^T dozen, each f 5(; | ;
V> JSC J
800 dozen Irish make All Linen, Scallop £
and Hemstitch, and Lace Edge Handker- ,
chief s-rexquisit<i styles and values, ~__
$2.75 dozen, or, each...... — • ••• ,^ 3C **
- • -•• ■ ■ -
56
SUNDAY NOVEMBER 13, 1898
JOHN D. SPRE.CKELS* Propfietof. .~"
Address All ComrrujnicatiorisJoJ^
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. & F.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main IST!
THE PAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY! It
served by carrier* In trjls city and surrounding town*
for 15 cent* a wecjt. By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cent*.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE »08 Broadway
KEW YORK OFFICE Room IBS. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rl£g» Honw
C. C CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building i
C. GEORGE KROCNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clocK. 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open urjtll 9:30
•"deck- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o"cIocK. |
1941 Mission street, epen until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- INW corner Twenty-second «n«
Kentucky street*, open until 9 o'clock ,
* MU.sr.MtNT*
I 7,
California— "Northern Lights.
ColumhSa— Kriiar. the Musician.
Ba!dwir.-"il!stakfs Will Happen," Monday Night.
Alcaxar— "lV. Bill.''
Morosco's— •Stranc'ers of rarls."
Orphean — Vaudeville.
Tivoll— •Giroi'.e-Girffla.' 1
Comedy— "The Heart of Chicago." •
Oljiapla— Corner Mason and Eddy streets. Special.
The Chutes— Lillian F. Smith. Vaudeville and the Zoo.
6utro'j> Swimming.
Ingleslde Coursing Park- Coursing.
Glen Park— Mission Zoo.
Inglesjde Track— Races To-morrow.
Orpheum— Concert Thursday, November 17.
Rosen thai— Jr. December.
THE MINING CONVENTION.
WITH politics out of the way, public attention
will turn readiiy and willingly to subjects re
lating to the industrial and material welfare of
the State. There will be, therefore, a cordial and
hearty welcome to the members of the State Miners'
Association when they meet in this city on the Jist
to hold their annual convention.
The meeting of the association will be one of more
than ordinary importance, for in addition to the
routine work required it will be necessary this year |
to make preparations for the mining display of the
State at the great exposition at Paris in 1900. It is
also probable that some steps will be taken to widen
the membership so as to bring the mining men and
mining interests of the southern part of the State into
co-operation with the organization.
It would be difficult to overrate the importance of
making a comprehensive exhibition of the mining in
dustries and mineral resources of California at Paris. !
Never at any time in the history of the world was j
there a greater amount of capital in the money centers j
available for mining enterprises, and never were such i
enterprises regarded with more favor. The demand
for gold is pressing and continuous. To obtain it
large sums have been ventured in South Africa and
other large sums have been sent into the frozen wilds j
of Alaska. There are sound reasons for believing that j
California still affords better prospects for gold- ;
mining than any other country in the world, and that ;
if her advantages are fuily made known at Paris there
will be a large investment of foreign capital in the
work of developing her hidden resources.
The mining interests of the southern par^ of the
State especially need exploiting and exhibition. The j
miners in that section, therefore, should attend the j
meeting of the State association in large numbers
and co-operate in the work. It will be remembered j
that at the Mining Exposition held in this city last<
winter the rich resources of the south were but very
inadequately represented, and therefore the display as 1
a whole was not thoroughly representative of the !
State. The south should not make a mistake like that
again.
It is to be noted, moreover, that the time is pro
pitious fpr the advancement of the movement begun
a few years ago to bring about the creation of a De
partment of Mine? and Mining in the National Gov
ernment to be presided over by a secretary of Cabinet
rank, A new spirit of progress has been infused into
the people, and the nation as a whole is inclined to
favor every movement that tends to the promotion of
its great industries. If, therefore, a resolute and
united effort is made at this time the much desired
representation of the mining interests of the country
in the Cabinet may be attained.
CMAPLAIiS McINTYRE'S WOES.
rOR the offense of talking too much Chaplain
Mclntyrc of the Oregon, as is widely known,
was dismissed the service. Yet he had a toler
ably good plea to make. He proved that he had not
said all the things attributed to him, that many news
papers and even naval attaches had said as much as
was charged against him. Moreover, he affirmed, and
the allegation was not disputed, that at the time of the
objectionable lecture his physical system had been
keyed up by quinine and potations of ginger ale and
sarsaparilla, with a redeeming tincture of brandy;
that he was. for the nonce, non compos mentis.
To the public the verdict seemed too severe. A
preacher who for months at sea has had little oppor
tunity to enjoy the speaking function to which train
ing adapts him might naturally be expected to break
loose at the fir«t chance. Being fired by stimulants
(made necessary by illness), possibly seeing double.
Ins tonc-.io uncontrolled and uncontrollable, no mar
vel that it wagged rashly, and even went so far as to
formulate truth when a pleasant, graceful fib would
have failen more pleasingly on the official ear. But
speculation is useless. The chaplain' was bounced.
This was the beginning of his woe.
It woui ■•! appear that the gentleman had been en
gaged tn marry a rich and beautiful girl. We use
these adjectives advisedly, because nobody is ever en
gaged to any other kind. Now the girl has followed
the example of the court-martial, and for the second
time the ch;:plain has experienced the bounce. Her
reasons are not given. Jt may be she thought that
agsinjt :i husband who had talked himself out of a
job she would have no chance to contribute a wifely
share to t tic conversation. Or possibly she
objected to a man who at the instance of a dose of
quinine acquired ?. degree of inebriation which im
pelled him to project remarks hatwisc. Supposing
that some time he were to inadvertently take an over
dose of the intoxicating drug! Anyway, she is said
to have declared the affair off. It is a delicate per
sonal subject, and none of the public's business,
which circumstance, of course, gives the public the
right to discuss it.
As France is so ready to help fc?ain, and turn about
is fair play, we suggest that Spain help France a
little-
THE RETIRING SCMOOL BOARD.
IN connection with the suit against the San Fran
cisco Real Estate Investment Company, there is
published in our local columns this morning an
affidavit of so startling a character' concerning the
Board of Education that it must excite the interest of
every reader, and. if verified, show that the board
has been corrupt.
The statement, which purports to be an expose of i
the Lincoln School lease, bears every outward cvi- j
deuce of reliability. There is an apparent demonstra- j
tion that the Board of Education has a majority of j
rogues among its members who are for sale to the j
highest bidder, and who have been purchased. All
the proceedings which conveyed the property of the
Lincoln School are declared to be colored by fraud.
If so ? they should be annulled. This paper has con
sulted able lawyers, who are not only of this opinion,
but are ready to take up the case in behalf of the
tit}.
It appears from the affidavit referred to that Sam
Waller. School Director, offered for a sum to give
the control of the property over to the certain cor
poration, and that he was sure of his ground. As to
Burns. Bantel. Gallagher. Ragan and Waller him
self, there appeared to be no doubt. All he asked was
their price. Carcw was governed by a desire to con
trol patronage, Drucker was content to indorse any
thing advocated by Ragan; Barrington, a weak sis
ter, went with the majority: Head and Armer had
ambitions. The only man in the outfit deemed, in
the allegation, honest beyond the point of corruption I
was Derham. [
In December of last year the San Francisco Real
Estate Company was organized for the purpose of se
curing control of the Lincoln School property. By |
an illicit deal. Waller is alleged to have agreed to
deliver the requisite number of votes. The price set
was $5000 for the bunch. The story is so fully set
forth elsewhere that detail may be omitted here.
Enough to say that by •■tumbling up advertisements,"
as the gang expressed it. there was to be no difficulty
in giving to this corporation all it desired, and re
jecting all bids, should the company's bid not happen
to be the best.
Certainly the circumstances call for a rigid investi
gation. If the School Directors are guilty they should
go from office in disgrace. If they are innocent, the
opportunity to vindicate themselves will be afforded
by the Grand Jury- In any event the lease should, if
tainted by fraud, be annulled by legal proceedings.
A VfILUfIBLE LESSON.
THERE is one lesson of the late campaign which
should be thoroughly mastered by the managers
of the local Republican party. It is simply that
under the new ballot system it will always be easy to
carry an election by nominating a first-class ticket.
Per contra, it will never be difficult to lose when a
list of unknown, weak or unpopular candidates are
presented to the people.
Heretofore it has been the custom of the local con
ventions of both parties to consider everything in con
nection with a candidate except the single question
whether he can be elected; that is, whether his
personal popularity, reputation .for ability and char
acter and his circle of acquaintance are sufficient to
insure his success. The Democrats learned the les
son first, and in the past two or three campaigns they
have beaten the Republicans. But the moment the
latter brought out their best men they swept the city.
It ought not to be difficult for them to perceive, there
fore, that one great source of political strength in
these days consists in the personality of the candi
dates.
San Francisco is usually accounted a Democratic
city. Its record shows that when united the voters of
that party may easily elect their nominees and enforce
whatever municipal policy they may adopt. Hence
a great part of the victory won at Tuesday's election
by the Republicans may be attributed to the weakness
cf the Phelan-McNab ticket. The test applied by the
Committee of One Hundred to candidates was not
whether they were popular and could be elected, but
whether they were personally agreeable to Phelan and
Me Nab, and whether they would, if elected, give
those gentlemen their patronage.
The result shows that under the new system of
voting even Democratic majorities will not save an
organization which thus violates a fundamental prin
ciple of practical politics. Mayor Phelan entirely
iiu>apprehended the sources of political success. The
charter election, which was really determined by a
quarrel among the factions, misled him to his ruin.
He thought all he needed to do was to nominate a
ticket composed of his personal friends and guarantee
their honesty. He has discovered that vote-getting
ii an art by itself.
Hereafter the Republicans should profit by this les
son. The nomination of strong, independent, well
known and personally popular candidates will turn
San Francisco from its Democratic errors and make
it a doubtful if not a Republican city. McKinley car
ried the town on the sound money issue. Gage has
carried it on the anti-sandlot issue, and if Mayor
Phelan's large circle of Republican personal friends
had not come to his rescue. Patton would have car
ried it on the anti-Phelan issue.
A constable has been on trial at San Jose for hay-
ing killed an innocent man. The plea is advanced
that the constable was drunk, and that his victim had
! started to run. It is a strange thing if a constable
| b}' the process of becoming inebriated acquires the
I right to slaughter, while if a citizen approached
threateningly by an intoxicated ruffian armed with a
j pistol is not to have the privilege of taking to his
| heels the constitution under which we live is in need
of revision.
A warrant is out for Andrew Carnegie because he
refused to perform the duty of a citizen and serve as
a juryman. Carnegie has many high-sounding
theories as to the obligations of Americans, and he
ought to be fined for not living up to them. How
ever, he can pay $10 and be unembarrassed, wherein
he has the advantage of many of his fellow-patriots.
The War Investigation Committee says that it can
now see the end of its labors. The public would like
to know if it discerns there anything resembling a
bucket of whitewash.
When General Miles proposed three cheers for
General Shafter he was cruelly thoughtless of the
feelings of the yellow boys who are still conducting
the war at space rates.
A little scrimmage with the forces of Aguinaldo
would not be bad in effect. The exercise would tend
to cheer up our homesick boys, and Aguinaldo needs
a licking anyhow. N
The people of this country are getting about ready
to see the United Stales take active charge of affairs
in Cuba. Blanco has had the courtesy of the floor too
long.
Even if Boss Croker is coming to California there
is no sense in counseling the domestic chicken to
roost high.
THE SAJST FRANCISCO CALL, SXJKDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1898.
SEABOARD, one of the most influential jour
nals devoted to the shipping interests of the
country, declares in a recent number that a se
rious danger exists that either the present or the
coming Congress will pass a free ship bill and that it
will receive the sanction of the President While we j
believe the fear to be unfounded, it will nevertheless |
br worth while for the friends of the American mer
chant marine to give heed to the warning.
In support of its view of the danger Seaboard
points out that the Republican party, while it has i
done much for the protection of American industries
i on land, has done nothing to upbuild our industries
on the sea, but on the contrary has maintained free
trade on the ocean during the whole period that it
has been in power. A clause in the war revenue bill
imposing a tax of 20 cents a ton on all foreign ship
ping entering our ports was unanimously rejected by
the Senate.
These facts show that the opposition to American
shipping has a strong influence at Washington, and
according to Seaboard that opposition will now urge ,
the enactment of a free ship bill on the ground that I
as British friendship is of importance to us at this
juncture, it will be well to make it stronger by grant
ing what the British desire in that respect.
Seaboard then goes on to say: "Stranger things
have happened. In 1.828 the highest tariff ever
adopted in the United States up to 1861 was placed
upon the statutes. At the same time, in the same
year, by the same Congress and the same President,
the policy was inaugurated that has brought about
free trade between American and foreign ships in
the carrying of American foreign commerce. Is his
tory to repeat itself after seventy years? Is the sole
foundation of American independence of foreign
shipbuilders to be destroyed by the party that passed
the Dingley bill?"
Whether there is any sufficient foundation for this
warning or not, it is high time for the friends of
American shipping to urge the enactment of legisla
tion to promote the industry. The Republican party
is bound by the most solemn and explicit pledges to
promote our merchant marine, and yet up to this
time nothing to that end has been done. It is not
strange under the circumstances that journals like
Seaboard should begin to doubt the good faith of the I
party and be alarmed less a free ship bill should be
enacted instead of the promised protection.
The events of the war have demonstrated the need
of an enlarged merchant marine as well as a navy,
and with the rapid expansion of our foreign trade that
need will 'increase by leaps and bounds. To meet the
demand we must have either a free ship bill or a bill
to promote ship-building at home. Some action must
be speedily taken, and the advocates of American in
dustry on the ocean as well as on the land should be
ur.ited and ready to meet the issue when it comes.
GEORGE BERNARD SHAW, the well-known
playwright and eminent dramatic critic of
London, has recently advanced a scheme for j
establishing a classic theater, which has been well re
ceived not only in the British metropolis, but in New
York as well. The proposal is simply that the pro
duction of high-class dramatic works shall be pro- j
vided for by an association of wealthy subscribers, I
just as is done in maintaining grand opera.
In one respect the method proposed for supporting j
the drama differs from that employed with respect to
the opera. Mr. Shaw does not advocate the erection
of a stately theater to be used exclusively for the \
higher grade of dramatic works. He would have no
grand theater to rival the grand opera-house. His i
plan is to have the proposed association arrange with |
the proprietors of existing theaters to give afternoon j
performances of classic works and to guarantee the
expense. In that way Mr. Shaw believes the interest
in the classic drama would grow so that* in the end j
there would be a regular patronage for the afternoon j
performances sufficient to make them profitable.
As the plan has worked well with opera there seems
no reason why it should not succeed equally well with
drama. It is well known that a few wealthy people in
our larger cities, by interesting themselves in high
class masic and guaranteeing its production, have i
succeeded in providing themselves with that form of !
entertainment and incidentally in furnishing the gen- j
eral public with the means of musical culture they
could not otherwise have had. With such a record of
sncce&s in one line of art there is certainly reason for !
the belief that equal benefit would be derived from a
similar patronage of the highest class of dramatic
works.
The plan, as we have said, has been well received
on both sides of the ocean, but up to this time the ap
proval has been confined to words. No committee
or association has been formed either in London or
in New York to make an experiment with the propo
sition. A movement has been started in Brooklyn,
however, to get the Brooklyn Institute to guarantee
several performances during the coming winter, and
perhaps a test may be made of the plan in that city.
The suggestion is certainly the most sensible and
feasible that has been made toward the solution ofthe
much-discussed problem of the elevation of the stage.
As it stands now it can be tried only in large and
wealthy cities, for few communities have a sufficient
leisure population to afford an extensive patronage of
afternoon performances. If. however, these suc
ceeded, the influence would be felt throughout the
whole theater-going public. The Tivoii has shown
us what a small theater can do in the way of furnish
ing a grand opera season to San Francisco without
asking a guarantee, and if classic drama were once
made the vogue among the leaders of society we
should soon have popular performances of the same
works in all the larger cities of the Union.
Once more the Illinois authorities have captured
Tascott. It is right that they should do so occasion
ally. Ever since Tascott shot Banker Snell, or was
supposed to, he has devoted a reasonable portion of
his time to giving joy to detectives by being cap
tured. This is nothing more than a fair return for
the trouble to which he has put them, and it does not
hurt him any. for he is. always somebody else. Our
Dunham is equally considerate.
It is hard to believe that Senator Thurston con
templates resigning. He was measured for his toga
long before the goods could be delivered, and has
seemed to regard it as a gooc fit.
Santa Rosa's train-wrecker goes to prison for life,
and as he is only 19 this promises to be for long
enough to permit him to realize that his course lacked
wisdom.
Creek Indians are fighting among themselves over
an election. Yet there, are people who assert that the
Indian cannot be wholly civilized.
Populists almost everywhere seem this year to be
striving to lead a better life, but up in South Dakota
they were still wicked enough to elect a Governor.
Dreyfus can die and ultimately his memory be
purged of disgrace, but there is no similar relief for
France.
c VOICE OF WARNING.
A CLASSIC THEATER.
WITH ENTIRE FRANKNESS.
If there is a fraud in the world it is
the so-called science known as palmis
try. This is not a science, but a fake,
stupid at that. That the destiny of
mortal is written in the palm any more
than in the sole of the foot is a" ridi
culous notion. It is true that some
thing can be discerned from scrutiny of
the hand; a plowman can be distin
guished from a pianist. But for a per
son to profess to be able to read there
the story of human destiny, the length
and the richness or poverty of years,
the fortune which shall betide; is the
rankest tomfoolery, and anybody to be
taken in by it would buy a fictitious
mine if he had money enough. It is
a surprising circumstance that people
pretending to be respectable should of
fer to read palms for a price, and that
other people, in some particlars sane,
should pay the nrlce. So far as re
vealing the future is concerned, the
paring of the nail of the little finger
would be as effective as the palm. A
lock of hair would be even more con
ducive to a correct imsnostication. It
seems strange that in an age which no
longer accepts a red string as a cure
for nosebleed, and which rejects the
withered potato as a guard against
rheumatism, there should be necessity
for saying these things.
• • *
Two weeks ago I performed a pleas
ant duty in saying a word in commend
ation of the poetry of Ina Coolbrith.
This was not done with any thought
that it would provoke the approval of
her friends, and yet many have written
words of appreciation. The circum
stance is gratifying to me. and yet to
Miss Coolbrith it will be even more so,
and that is why It is recorded here. It
may impress upon her the fact that she
has a following, and that the beauti
ful sentiments she has couched in
words of music are not lost.
For the veteran of the Civil War I
have the utmost respect and have here
tofore expressed it. It seems to me
right that he should have a pension.
He gave his time, he offered his life.
I remember well wher a man wearing
the tattered overcoat of blue would
come to the house of my father, and
he needed no further introduction. His
place was at the right hand of the host.
Like many young Americans, I grew
up with a feeling of respect amounting
almost to reverence for the old soldier,
and I have it yet. Therefore, it is with
an emotion not far from disgust that
I read a communication from E. A. Fal
vey, signed by himself as a veteran.
There is only one point in Falvey's let.
ter, and it is shown by this excerpt:
"Attention, Comrades: You have io
ticed how little consideration has been
vhown you since you left the army with
your maimed bodies and impaired
health so many years ago." Now th-y
have not noticed anything of the kind,
for it has not been in existence. Thb
veteran has been cared for tenderly.
He has applied for a pension, and lest
one worthy be cheated, a pension hus
been given to ten preterders. With
the money freely d< - >teO to pensions
the greatest standing- army of the world
could be supported. The pension list
purged of frauds would never be recog
nized. It reeks to-day with sham. It
bears the names of those who have long
been in the grave, of those who never
bore arms, of th^ hangers-on about the
wagon of the sutler. It is heavy with
BogUa widows and bummer orphans. It
has the burden of rich men remem
bered at special rates, and shameless
enough to accept the bounty. Does ex-
Senator Manderson of Nebraska draw
$100 a month? I hay» heard so, and
he ought to be abashed. Within a few
years the stipend of wealthy Judge
Long of Michigan was cut from 5100
to $75 a month. TV his lasting dis
grace he made a contest tor the former
figure and beat the Government from
which he should blush to take a cent.
I believe a man financially independent,
yet willing to receive a pension, would
pick a pocket if convinced there was
anything in it. There is not the slight
est excuse for Falvey to rail. If he
earned a pension and applied for it, he
is getting it. If he earned it and neg
lected to apply, the fault is his own.
At least, he shows bad taste in rush
ing into print with a plaint so unjust
that for the very nurpose of making
it impossible this Government and this
people have for --ears consented to be
swindled, and allowed the pension list
to grow until it has become a menace
and a scandal.
• • •
The intelligence which finds expres
sion in betting on an election is not of
a high order. I have been led into a
practical test of the matter, and in
variably have lost.
» • •
John Thornford, a tin roofer, has
I lately twice essayed to leave this world
of woe, each time being yanked back
from the edge by misguided zeal. When
a man reaches the morbid state in
'■ which he yearns for suicide I do not
believe in interfering with him. Per
haps he would be happier in another
I world, and he would never be missed
j from this. Instead of being bothered
] by solicitude for which there is no re
j turn in gratitude John should be sup
i plied wirti a pistol, poison, rope and
razor and locked in a room with them
while a cordon of police saw to it that
'he did not make his escape. There are
i plenty of fools on earth who are will
! ing to stay.
• • *
No civilian can understand the neces
sity for consuming a period of weeks
in mustering out a regiment. If a great
manufactory, employing a thousand
men, were to cease operation, thirty
| seconds would be sufficient to make the
| announcement, and^ie men could be
paid in a day. Of course there are cer
j tain formalities to be regarded as to the
) soldiers, but why Uncle Sam should
I move with the slow and ponderous
I leisure of a glacier must ever remain
a mystery.
♦ • •
Announcement is made that a
"Purity" Congress is to convene some
where, and doubtless there will be a
great cackling over topics so salacious
that decency can have no excuse for
discussing them, nor even for publicly
mentioning them. Indeed, it does not
seem to me there is any occasion for
good women to gather and make moan
over things which cannot be remedied
by resolution nor checked by prayer.
Evils, such as this congress will de
plore, are know;, to exist, and to a
certain extent to be necessary. With
the arrival of the millennium, an event
for which the date has not been defi
nitely set, these evils will vanish along
with the congresses where feminine re
formers idly besmirch their lips with
i words better never said. The way to
By HENRY JAMES.
make the world cleaner is to be good.
The way to inculcate admirable princi
ples is to make home influences en
nobling, to teach children the loveliness
of virtue. No woman can go upon the
rostrum and exploit her theories con
cerning the fallen and either be better
for it or make anybody else better.
When the feminine instinct does not
shrink from the path which leads to
shame fair words are not able to woo
it aright. The mother who cannot ex
ercise upon her son a benign influence
tending to teach him to honor her sex,
cannot learn how to do so by attending
a congress and listening to the yawp of
a lot of spinsters, of childless wives, or
mistaken matrons, who imagine that
by being nasty they are elevating the
race. The whole business is a sort of
theoretical slumming, and slumming,
done In the name of reform, Is a crime
which has never -<'et resulted in. any
thing but the debasing of the slummer.
• • •
Among the things to wonder at is the
cheek of Attorney Philbrook in run
ning for a place on the Superior bench
or anywhere else, except out of sight.
Philbrook has been suspended from
practice because his practice was so
raw. The story is too old to be re
hearsed. Enough •to say that papers
he filed were insulting *•<■» the Supreme
Court, that his assertions were repudi
ated by his client, and that after care
ful consideration of his case he was
barred from appearing as a lawyer. It
is not easy to sr~ how a man unfit to
be a lawyer should be regarded as fit
to be a Judge. Yet in this intelligent
town more than 11,000 people voted for
Philbrook. If they took this method
of declaring that he had been treated
unjustly they certainly had neglected
to ascertain the facts. If they sup
ported him without any knowledge as
to his standing they cannot be rated as
high grade thinkers. A Superior Judge
is a personage of importance. He has
to pass upon the acts of lawyers every
day. His decisions necessarily reach
the higher tribunal. It would have
been a peculiar circumstance if Phil
brook had been elevated above the men
who had decided him to be unfit to as
sociate with themselves, and his de
cisions had in due course reached that
high tribunal which he has denounced
as crooked, purchasable and vindictive.
Yet it is my opinion that Philbroo*
has wheels, and the people who voted
for him extended this sympathy be
cause similarly afflicted.
• • •
Politics is in need of cleansing. In
its moral aspect one party is no bet
ter than another. There are good men in
each, earnest men, who desire a better
ment in the administration of affairs.
I do not believe, however, there is any
excuse for having in the ranks of the
active workers a lot of rascals, rap
scallions, jailbirds, thieves and toughs.
About the polling places last Tuesday
were many whose real place is San
Quentin. These precious scoundrels
toil not, neither do they soin, and yet
they are tolerated and employed dur
ing campaigns. They boast of their
"pull," and not idly, for without a pull
the hand of a policeman would be" on
the collar of each. There were drunken
rows' at the polls,' officials who saw dou'»
ble, or could not see at all; fights, dis
plays of pistols. There is no sense in
this. One side is as culpable as the
other. At election time respectable cit
izens hobnob with riff-raff who at an
other time they would not trust in the
presence of an unguarded 10 cent piece
or a secluded clothesline. I do not
think this proper, and will hold the
high and holy gentlemen who make a
business of politics in higher esteem
when they quit it.
•* ■ •
"With a desire to indorse everything
which is good, I say a word about
Elizabeth Lois Struble, who makes her
home in Portland, and I doubt not
sheds upon her environment the frag
rance of spiritual perfection. Not that
there is a distinct smell to perfection,
either, but the occasion is one calling
for a figger of speech. Lizzie (I hope I
may be permitted to term her thus,
Elizabeth being so stately and distant)
— Lizzie has the goodness to publish a
magazine to which she has given the
title of The Nautilus. As to the general
scope of the publication there is noth
ing to be said here. I desire to notice
only an' editorial in which Lizzie ad- !
verts modestly to her treatment of peo
ple for "harmony in the home." There
are many homes in which such treat
ment-is needed, and if Lizzie is the pro
prietor of a panacea for domestic ills
she is doing the world a kindness for
trotting it out, and at the „ reasonable
rate of $1 per month per home. She
will also give treatment for success in
all kinds of individual undertakings.
As there are many individuals and all
have undertakings, the field is large.
She refers to the First Psalm in which
is given a pretty good rule for the pro
duction of the result she advertises,
and while I cannot see that the wisdom
therein becomes of a higher grade for
having filtered through the mentality
of Lizzie, it may be I am sitting in
"the seat of the scornful," of which the
same Psalm makes _ mention. If so
there are no perceptible tacks in the
cushion. ' As the mission of the lady
seems to be to sell advice, I will donate
a dose of her own medicine. If she has
a method by which individual effort
can be made to succeed she would be
wise' to apply it to the scheme of float
ing such an enterprise as The Nautilus.
Assuredly it will never float unless sus
tained by some system bordering on the
miraculous. The practical mind has
difficulty in viewing with faith the ad
vertisement of the seventh daughter
of a seventh daughter, who sees visions
while In a hand-made two-bit trance,
but I am fearful that, Lizzie will sub
ject it to an even greater strain. With
out desiring to interfere in the least
with Lizzie's industry, I would sug
gest that while there is a sucker born
every minute most of them are busy
buying gold bricks more artistically
gilded than those she has to offer.
• a •
While the Bulletin is too petty a con
cern to merit notice generally, when it
pays the paper for which I toil a com
pliment the affair may properly be no
tioed here, because it won't be noticed
elsewhere. The Bulletin terms The Call
"A queer newspaper." Now this la
penerous. Nobody ever termed the Bul
letin a newspaper of any kind.
Colorado boys fend from Manila word
that they do not set enough to eat, and
they undoubtedly speak the truth.
They are tint of a port to growl with
out good r— OH That they do not
have enough, nnd of the best quality, is
a shame. They went to Manila ready
to fight, and they did flsht. They were
hungry at the time, which was unfor
tunate, but perhaps unavoidable. They
are hungry yet, which is not only un
fortunate, but a crime. Affairs in the
Philippines seem to have been badly
managed. Merritt was anxious to get
away so as to get married, and Greene
had something the matter with him.
i Both were in love, Merritt with a
! charming woman, and Greene with the
j charm of his own personality. If there
has not been gross favoritism shown
in the matter of promotions then such
correspondents as Sol Sheridan and
Mart Egan did not know what they
were writing about, and they went as
newspaper men, too, never setting up
the claim of being special commission
ers. Perhaps a little scrap with Agui
naldo would be a good thing. It would
! serve to ginger up the home-sick boys
and save them from the tedious and
unsafe processes of typhoid and other
; fevers. Furthermore, our Colonel Smith,
who has earned advancement, and not
I received it, would take grim satisfac
tion in having another chance.
• • *
Somebody writes to ask my opinion
I of women in politics. I have none which
will bear expression in a family jour-
I nal.
• • *
Arthur McEwen came all the way
| from New York to save the day only
I to find it being saved by the enemy.
This was not the worst of it, however,
for Roosevelt took a mean advantage
of his absence.
THE PARTISAN
NON-PARTISANS
Quite a number of years ago, when
the times seemed to demand it, several
very respectable old gentleman got to
gether and appointed a number of other
very respectable old gentlemen as dele
gates to an assembly which they chris
tened the Non-Partisan convention.
They probably accomplished some good
at that time, but although the occasion
that called this body into existence has
long \jnce passed, these same very re
spectable old gentlemen continue to
meet together, and' with great pomp
and authority (self-constituted alto
gether) proceed to ; indorse such candi
dates who happen to have political
friends strong enough to pull them suc
cessfully through, or tact enough to
escape their censure. They met as
usual this year, modestly avoiding
making any independent nominations,
but with a great show of importance
indorsing certain candidates who had
already been chosen by the several po
litical organizations.
As an evidence of the value of their
indorsements, I have compiled a list:
which shows that of the fifty-two can
didates approved by the Non-Partisan
(?) convention, eighteen were elected.
I find also that of the fifty-two candi
dates for whom I voted nineteen were
elected, showing that my indorsement
was worth more than theirs.
Now I am an R. O. G. myself and
naturally take a lively interest in the
good standing of all respectable old
gentlemen. I therefore advise the con-,
stituent elements of this antediluvian
assembly to henceforth remain at home
and dandle their grand children like
good grandpas, and I earnestly en-
Join upon all political aspirants to shun
this combination if they have any hope
in the future. Yours truly.
AN R. O. G.
November 10. 1898.
■m ■ - ■ J* \l~-
Send your Eastern friends Townsend's
California Glace Fruits, 50c lt>, in fire etch
boxes. 627 Market St., Palace Hotel. •
Important— Sl 4th st.; best eyeglasses,
specs, 15c to 40c; look out for No. 81, nr.
grocery. ; , .'„'-...".• •
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
"Say, dad, there is a New York dude
over thar in the El Dorado saloon. Come
out and lick him."
. "See here, son. Are you trying to git
your old dad into trouble? You just read
up on that first Cuban battle. Your dad's
goin' to let the dude family severely
alone hereafter. "—Cleveland Plain Dealer.
•■ ♦ «
Pictures and Frames.
Carbon, old Flemish and gray oaks, fine
mat gilts, ebony, bright green, blue and
violet bronzes are the latest for picture
frames. Taber-Prang and Hargreaves
colored photographs mounted on glass,
with projecting gilt corners, find great
favor with the public this fall. We nave
them all at popular prices. Sanborn, Vail
& Co., 741 Market street. •
IT ALL DEPENDS.
"The doctor," said the young mother,
"says baby ought to have one cow's
milk for his daily drink. Now. really,
isn't that entirely too much?" — Indian-
apolls Journal.
Through Tourist Car to St. Paul.
This car 1b nicely upholstered in leather,
leaves every Tuesday night, no change. Goes
via Shasta route and Northern Paciflo Rail
way. The scenic line of the continent. Tick
ets on sale to all Eastern cities at lowest rates.
T. K. Stateler, general agent, 638 Market st.,
San Francisco.
■ m ■
ACKER'S ENGLISH REMEDY IS BEYOND
Question the greatest of all modern remedii*.
t -will cure a cough or cold immediately or
money back. At no Percentage Pharmacy.
Commercial lunch, 11 to 2. Among tha Bar
rels. 883 Market st.
THE EIGHTS OF AN M. P.
Members of Parliament are exempt
during a session from service on juries,
their duties to Parliament being held to
supersede that obligation of the citizen.
But they are required during a session to
attend as witnesses in any case, in order
that the administration of justice may
not be hindered.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SFor j
Nervous j
] Polks |
There is no cure on i
7 earth to equal the i
Keeley Treatment j
for extreme nerv- i
ousness. This treat- i
ment wjjl be dcliv- t
ered to ladies in S
their homes. Its ef- j
fects are absolute in i
cases of nervous j
prostration.
Send for printed matter that tells I
all about It.
THE KEELKY INSTITUTES.
1170 Market Street San Francisco, I
IDonohoe Dut:d!ng.
Lankershlra Building, cor. Third g
and Spring Sts., Los Angeles. I
Fred A. PoUocfc. Manager.OR
Men's and Boys' Fine Clothing Will Now Be Slaughtered at Retail !
SALE STARTS TO-MORROW
MORNING.
Men's Fashionable
Winter Suits
At Manufacturers' Prices!
MEN'S STRICTLY ALL-WOOL. CHEVIOT SACK
SUITS, In rich colorings; suits such as are worn !
by men of business affairs, and sold by retail-
ers at $10 and $12; will *rt — mm
now go at maker's &2£*[ &*siC' SB *"%
cost, to-wit <M^ m^m m 1 **J
MEN'S SPLENDID "UP-TO-DATE" SUITS, made
from strictly all-wool and most stylish fabrics;
suits which tailors charge $25 to measure, and
exclusive retailers sell at $13 50 and $15;
our low price is one _-*w /ri - s? . .^sa*, mm
which the maker can m&\ <£JP 3°£ i
only name A -J[i jjy »™56 m "lJ* !
MEN'S HIGH-CLASS SUITS in rich colorings and
neat mixtures; cut, make and fit equal to custom
tailors, same suits as exclusive retailers |
with big store ex- g*r*<* __j-Sx jm pv
penses must sell at £! \ M v^M fa *^%
$16 50 to $1S; our *JjjpP g m *fr
price only M ammm
MEN'S RICHLY TAILORED SUITS for semi-dress
wear in fine clay and fancy imported worsteds,
neat cassi meres, nobby cheviots and Thibets,
which you can't touch at any retail store under
$22 50 and $20; our . _ — ftm
price and your Uk "g JB SB 4"^
choice from thou- ■*"#■ fir /SeMi m £m W *x_J"
sands, only M
Price Without Quality Is a Snare and Delusion !
Come and see our low prices and high-quality
garments; surely it will pay you to come a block or
two from the high-.priced retail clothing centers to
effect a savin? of fully
35 TO SO PER CENT
On your new winter suit and overcoat, ■without any
fiction or exaggeration largely indulged in by many
retailers about town.
Men's Trousers
MEN'S NEAT STRIPED WORSTED PANTS, a bar-
gain for $3 50 at exclu- _-#*. _-■_. assr
sive retailers; our un- £| : ~fm IJ $**%.
loading price only +>&* S m C? -%■«?
MEN'S STYLISH ALL-WOOL PANTS, in cassi-
meres, worsteds and cheviots, in all styles and
sizes, pants such as jpn* .^-^ __ — _.
you've always paid $5 $*&& 1 & J8 *^!k
for at retail stores; our ijng m S m &.Q.
price this week '^mW
OUR STOCK OF RICH IMPORTED WORSTED
PANTS for dress wear stand WITHOUT A PEER.
"HIGH ART" merchant tailors charge $10 to $15 for
same qualities to measure; we have them all ready
to put right on at
LESS THAN HALF THEIR PRICE.
ALL MEN ARE ODD, BUT WE CAN FIT THEM.
FEDERAL AND
STATE OFFICERS
ARE WRANGLING
.ieutenant Buhner
May Be Arrested.
LAUGHS AT STATE ORDERS
WILL NOT MOVE THE REVENUE
CUTTER GOLDEN GATE.
Produce Makes Trouble on Jackson-
Street Wharf — Captain Ben
nett Loses Another Toe.
Balmoral's Repairs.
The State and Federal authorities on the
water front had a das': yesterday. In
consequence there will be an Interesting
w , .. . , — ' ; ; %
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 Dinner
<&iMS§Si° Have your Sunday Dinner up
L'^l S efotn above the city's throng to-
f P B c |QQ b| day. TheSpreckelsßotisserie
rx . g D-Bsq| .. • is 215 feet above Market st,
•*' *Vl s ' a4^jjj-aa * and commands a panoramic
/i I lEfllliiliiyi "* — i view of city and bay.
• FnPi^Flfi^ 1 i! '"■■ 'HBlm <- sjsc~ Fu " course French dinner, with wine. JL
" "WliiiK'' 'Vfftflffl' 'fVijj llfl ' "!!l'!Vt Pull course French lunch, with wine, 75c.
« IW&M iWmfl nflßfi > iV^-' * • Light refreshments at popular prices.
:^il^felili: Spreckels Rotisserie
JOHN J. SESNON. ALBERT WOLFF. 15th Floor, Call Building.
HYAMS & CO., MANUFACTURERS OF FINE CLOTHING, NOW UNLOADING THEIR^BIG STOCK STREET.
SELFPROTECTION NATURE'S FIRST LAW!
LAST YEAR, feeling sanguine that a heavy increased tariff would surely be placed upon FOREIGN
WOOLENS, and "sniffing" good times ahead, we went boldly into the markets of the Old World and "booked"
the LARGEST import orders we ever placed since we FIRST commenced the manufacture of Fine Clothing— way
back in 1563. Our GIGANTIC PURCHASES were duly filled and the goods made up into garments at our New
York factory for this Fall and Winter's trade— but, LO AND BEHOLD, A DRY, BACKWARD SEASON,
FAILURE OF CROPS THROUGHOUT THIS STATE and WAR WITH SPAIN came upon us. Business
with our LARGEST CITY AND COUNTRY CUSTOMERS became paralyzed. About their only demands were
for "CHEAP GOODS," but as we never made up "TRASHY STUFF" we could not supply their many wants.
Still CARLOADS OF THE FINEST AND MOST FASHIONABLE CLOTHING THAT EVER CROSSED
THE "ROCKIES" came pouring in upon us from our SOMETHING HAD TO BE DONE QUICKLY
to effect a SPEEDY OUTLET for our COLOSSAL NEW STOCK. We decided, notwithstanding the strenuous
protests from our largest city customers, %
To Unload Our Gigantic Stock of Fine Clothing at Retail !
For room must be made at our wholesaler warerooms for New Spring Goods now in process of manufac-
ture—hence NET MANUFACTURERS' PRICES will be the cry till our high-piled tables are lowered of their
precious New Creations of Fashionable Clothing. Here, during our Great Over-Production Sacrifice Sale, NO ONE
WILL BE OBLIGED TO PAY A BIG TAX PROFIT exacted by exclusive retailers to defray their EXTRAVA-
GANT STORE EXPENSES, such as exorbitant Kearny and Market street Rents, Window Extravaganzas
and Electrical Displays. THIS GREAT COMPULSORY SLAUGHTER OF HIGH-CLASS AND MOST
FASHIONABLE CLOTHING MEANS A BIG LOSS TO US— in future WHOLESALE PATRONAGES and
PRESENT PROFITS. But it will prove a MIGHTY GAIN and BIG SAVING to WEARERS OF FINE
RAIMENT, as well as the WORKINGMAN, who can now ENJOY the privilege of securing the BEST-MADE
CLOTHING IN AMERICA at about what UNRELIABLE GOODS are sold for by EXCLUSIVE RETAILERS.
Manufacturers established ieesj Wholesalers
Now Retailing Fine Clothing at Wholesale Warerooms
''.\ • ■■■*■ ■
25 and 21 SANSOME ST.,
W&* One-Half Block, from Market Street.
ALL OUR GOODS were made by "UNION TAILORS" within our own Factory,
corner Gt. Jones street and Lafayette place, New York City.
time between Chief Wharfinger Root and
Lieutenant Buhner of the revenue cutter
Golden Gate this morning.
The whole trouble Is over the berth oc
cupied by the cutter. She is undergoing
some repairs and was in consequence
moved from her usual dock at the foot of
Powell street to bombard street wharf.
Now Lieutenant Buhner tied her up, in
the new berth, in such a way as to spoil
two berths. In consequence when the brig
Harriot G came along the place assigned
her was too short by six feet.
The matter was referred to the chief
wharfinger, and he went to Lombard
street wharf and asked the lieutenant to
move his vessel back six feet in order to
make room for the brig. Buhner refused
point blank to move his vessel, and said
furthermore that he was going to remain
where he was for nine days. In vain Mr.
Root pointed out that he was impeding
the commerce of the port. Buhner was
there and there he was going to stay.
Chief Wharfinger Root gave up. the
contest for the time being and re-
ported to the Harbor Commissioners.
That body instructed him to serve
a written notice on the vessel to
move in ten minutes and if the order waa
disobeyed to arrest the lieutenant and
move the Golden Gate with a tug hired at
Uncle Sam's expense. Th»- order was
made out, Officer Sha.w of the Harbor
Police was detailed by Captain Dunleavy
to make the arrest, and Captain Hall was
taken along to handle the revenue cutter
while she was being moved.
When Lombard street wharf was
reached Lieutenant Buhnt-r had fled, leav
ing word that he would be back at 9
o'clock this morning. As Chief Wharfin
ger Root did not want to get the men left
In charge of the cutter into trouble he al
lowed the matter to rest and will settle
the question with Buhner to-day.
The fine for refusing to move whf-n or
dered by the chief wharfinger is $300 or
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1898.
WHALERS IN WINTER QUARTERS.
Oakland Creek will this year harbor nearly all the vessels that were caught in the ice and spent the
winter months off the Mackenzie River and Point Barrow last year. The entire fleet will be over the bay in
a few days, and then the whalemen will begin spending their hard-earned money.
XX) days' imprisonment, and that for inter
fering with a State officer in the perform
ance of his duty is $5000 or five years' im
prisonment or both. Lieutenant Buhner
had better beware.
The whaling lleet is rapidly petting into
winter quarters. It will be widely differ
ent from the season spent off the Macken
zie River and Point Barrow. This year
the vessels "will lie snugly at anchor in
Oakland Creek. At the present time there
are over there the barks Andrew Hicks,
Gayhead and Lydla and the steamers
Belvedere, Jeanette, Karluk and William
Baylies, while the Balaena, John and
Winthrop, Grampus, Narwhal, Thrasher
and Wanderer will follow them in a day
or two.
The barks Alice Knowles, Horatio. Cali
fornia and Charles W. Morgan will not
?o into winter quarters, but are fitting out
or another cruise in the southern seaa
and the Sea of Okhotsk. Their cargoes of
oil have all been discharged on the How
ard street bulkhead and it will be some
time before all the barrels have been
carted away. The catch of sperm oil this
year was not up to the standard and in
consequence the price of that article is
on the advance. The four vessels named
are going sperm whaling and their crews
will spend Christmas and New Year's on
the ocean.
The Italian cruiser Etna goes to the
Mare Island drydock on Monday. She is
to be open to visitors to-day, and a fleet
of launches and small tugs are going to
run excursions. The Italian fishermen
have put two of their steamers in com- i
mission, Honry Peterson will run the |
launches Amy and William D. Carter, and ]
Conn will run the Alta and Annie and Cob
Spear will run the Gazelle and Norwood.
With six vessels on the run. the crowd
should have no difficulty in getting to the |
cruiser and back.
The repairing: of the British ship Bal
moral will probably be done at the Union
Iron Works. It will be remembered tfiat
she was in collision with the Glenerioht
off the Horn, and the captain's wife was
drowned. The Glenericht was so badly
damaged that she had to put back to
Monte'/ideo, while the Balmoral had her
starboard quarter stove- in, the cabin
wrecked, a number of the plates forward
dented, her headgear carried away and
the running rigging badly damaged. The
Union Iron Works' bid has been submit
ted to the owners In England, and if they
are satisfied the work of repairing her
will begin at once.
The steamer J. D. Peters was got a lit
tle farther up on the beach in Richard
son Bay yesterday. One of the big planks
under the vessel broke and retarded the
work a little, but Superintendent Corcoran
thinks that by Tuesday or Wednesday
next the vessel will be afloat. The bodies
of the six Chinese that were recovered
from the wreck by the divers came over
on the Sausallto ferry-boat yesterday, and ,
were at once removed to Chinatown.
Assistant Chief Wharfinger Scott had
n great time of It with the produce mer
chants yesterday. Jackson-street whurf
has been crowded with potatoes and j
onions, and Mr. Scott has tried in vain to
get the owners to remove them. Last ;
Thursday he notified the merchants that i
if the goods were not moved by yesterday
at noon he would put them in the ware
house. The merchants practically told j
the Assistant Chief Wharfinger he was i
bluffing, but they changed their minds ,
when they saw the warehouse teams be- i
Kin to move the stuff away yesterday af- |
terr.oon. There was a wild rush to tne
Chief's office to secure time until Monday,
but it was too late, and now they will !
havo to pay warehouse charges. The
Chief says it is about time the practice of
making warehouses out of wharves was
stopped.
Captain Bennett, superintendent of the
Pacific Coast Steamship Company, who
lost a couple of his toes by having his
foot crushed by the steamer Corona last
week, was compelled to have another one
amputated yesterday. It began to show
signs of mortification, and had to be
taken off by Dr. Green in order to save
the foot.
The coasting steamers have lost one of
the best known and liked stewards. T.
Murray who was for ten years on the
North Fork, then on the Humboldt and
lately on the Charles Nelson, has given
up the sea and opened a restaurant on
fchore.
Advances made on furniture an<l pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
SALE STARTS TO-MORROW
MORNING.
Princely Overcoats
and Ulsters
Now Going at Beggarly Prices !
An OVERCOAT to 'give good wear must be thoroughly
tailored, strongly trimmed and made from sturdy
ALL WOOL materials, which are known to stand
rain, wind, sun, hard knocks and rough usage.
We will show over 1000 of these overcoats THIS
WEEK, made from blue and black kerseys, with
deep silk velvet collars, lined with heavy farmer
satin. Such good coats are rarely ever sold by
exclusive retailers under $13 50 to $15; but to cre-
ate a big trade sen- -«. mm, mm
sation our price will $p* %J0 S^ *Hfc
prove an "eye open- Kgjr 1&j& m -^lJ^
er"; only
The fashionable medium length light colored BOX
COATS, with skimers, silk lined sleeves, artisti- '
cally cat and richly tailored; such nobby coats
are sold by retail houses at $15; but as we want
room and cash more mtm_ _im_ jb j—
than "BOX" COATS £§£ MM S}s (^
o t they'll now go *-§_* ?**-£& m *lt +<mjr
at
If you are thinking of having an OV-RCOAT made
to your order just call in and try on some of our
splendid kerseys, which your tailor won't make
for you under $28, or any retailer in town "wrap
up" under $18, ,«- - ,m— j^ — mm
but which we shall fi^T JB y^m SM 1^
now speedily unload Kf^ M dosaf m *t *^0w
at -■
Our line of OVERCOATS at fourteen dollars and
seventy-five cents are marvels of perfection. No
tailor in the land can excel them in fit, make,
trim or workmanship. And we will place them
alongside of the BEST " you'll find at any re-
tail store in this city for $22.50 and $20. Your
fit and choice will ,m *m mww mm
go this week at UJ JB jfg £ f**^
the easily paid price *QP M mmmt a M +ajr
Men's Storm Goats!
THIS WEEK WE SHALL T' ZE UPON THE
ALTAR OF SACRIFICE SEVERAL HUNDRED
IRISH FRIEZE DOUBLE BREASTED ULS-
TERS, cut 54 inches long, lined with heavy blue
plaid cassimere, high storm collars, thoroughly
wind and rain proof. We defy any retailer to
beat this excellent, most serviceable and "cozy"
Ulster under $15. It would make a st-ong "leader"
at $13.50; but to cap- -- __ mm
ture the Ulster trade ega gTJ g **%
out they'll go this **&* tf? *fo m M ■%*£
week at.... *vaar
From that "Gift Price" we run them up into the
highest grades, and any lot you pick from you'll
SURELY SAVE from $5 to a $10 piece.
liIGGY IS AT OUTS
WITH COMMISSIONERS
WILL NOT STAND FOR ELEC
TION DAY SCANDALS.
The Same Ballot Officers Will Hold
Their Offices Until After the
Election of Next
Year.
Registrar Biggy is decidedly warm un
der his neck linen at the attempt by the
Election Commissioners to saddle upon
him the responsibility of the disgraceful
scenes and drunkenness that character
ized south-of-Ma.rket street voting booths
or. election day.
A breach has opened between the Regis
trar's office and the Board of Commission
ers, and Mr. Biggy proposes to see that
the blame shall be put upon those to
whom it belongs.
The delay in getting In returns on the
State ticket, the frequent visits of patrol
wagons and police to different districts
and the replacing by the Registrar of
drunken election officers by sober and
reputable citizens have set the town and
a lot of defeated candidates talking, and
a good many are prone to charge the
scandal of it to Mr. Biggy's account.
Truth is that the Election Commission
is solely to blame. When the question
of selecting election boards came up be
fore it Mr. Biggy, Major McLaughlin,
ADVEBTISEMENTS. ] 1
JP^TEETH FILLED >With Gold •(■"
r . '1-lliCi rjl rlLLlilJ or Silver, I .
lillv 1 By Careful, Dentists, WithOUt Pain )[
11 V Experienced Dentists, VY 1 lIIU U L X dill f I
I< I Our Prices Will Save You HALF on Your Dental Bill. I M '
'It TO SENSITIVE. DEAD AND ACHING TEETH we give a special |"I
If treatment which prevents pain in filling or any future trouble of the 1 I
M teeth filled or crowned by us. . #1
/ PAINLESS EXTRACTION^jaSSth. A SPECIALTY! If
\ Teeth without plate, per tooth from. $:i.I>O j \
- 1 Fillings from.... -■ -•"»«■ %
% Gold flllings fr0m.............::.. :.......... ..»J»c m •
>\ Plates, with free extraction fr0m......V..»4.g0 \ 'j,... 'M
• _____ /\l_l_ WORK ' WARRANTED.- ff
/ • OPEN, SUNDAYS AND EVENINGS. |
V METROPOLITAN DENTAL PARLORS, v
! .^Fv r DR. T. S. HICCINS, PROPRIETOR, i\ V
Ov^r Cafe Zinkand. 927 MARKET STREET. Elevator | %
■ S«^^^ >S^V. __jy g «iiiniMMii»iJ' ■■■■■! ' Ij^taramniMiiiim^
Use r^L a
Facial Soap K^/ Facial Cream.
WOODBURYS Facial Soap, Facial Cream, Fa-
cial and Tooth Powder • make the grandest
toilet : combination known for the skin. Send
20 cents for sample of each, sufficient for three
weeks' use. JOHN H. WOODBURY. 127 W.42d
eW N. T.. 165 State »t., Chicago. - .■
William Alford and a dozen other of tha
responsible leader? of both parties ap
peared and pleaded with the individual
members to for once follow plain written.
law and make their selections from the
assessment rolls. The commission con
sidered and gave no answer, and five days
before election day sent some 3600 men in
to the Registrar to be sworn in as elec
tion officers.
There were a whole lot of good men, but
there were more of the other sort who
had been gathered in from every section
of the city. Instead of being electors of
the districts to which they were assigned
for duty as the law provides, they were
distributed wherever they could be fitted
in The result was helpless inebriety and
badly muddled up returns, and Mr. Biggy
respectfully declines to stand for the
shame of it.
Another matteV that is bothering the
Registrar is that under the law these
same officers will hold office until after
next year's election and he is puzzling his
brains for a scheme to oust them and
prevent a repetition of the corruptness of
this year's fight.
The Grand Jury is looking into the mat
ter and Mr. Biggy has hope that measures
looking to decency will be taken.
A flurry was caused yesterday morning
in betting circles by the appearance at
the poolrooms of three or four hundred
dollars to be wagered that Charles F
Curry would be the winner in the tight
for Secretary of State when the returns
are all in. The money found no takers
and no facts could be found tending to
back up claims of Mr. Curry s ultimate
success.
Some wonderful stalactite caves have
recently been discovered eight miles
from Krugersdorp, in the Transvaal.
SDH. BALL'S SEINVIGORATOJt
bi\e hundred reward lot any casa
we cannot cure. This secret remedy
stops all losses in 24 hours, curea
Emissions. Impotency. Varicocele.
Gonorrhoea. Uleet, Fits, Strictures,
Lost Manhood and all wasting ef-
rects of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
sealed.!: bottle; 3 bottles, $5; guar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE 555 Broadway, Oakland. Cal. AUo
lor sale at WIS'-i Market St.. S. F. AH pri-
vate diseeases quickly cured. Send for free book.
78
UNCLE SAM IN
THE BOLE OF
SANTA CLAUS
Christmas Boxes for
the Boys in Blue.
TO MANILA FREIGHT FREE
BUSY SCENE AT THE QUARTER-
MASTER'S DEPOT.
Fond Mothers** Sending Good Things
to the Camps in the Philip
pines — Harvest for Ex
press Companies.
Uncle Sam will play the part of Santa
Claus for his soldier boys at Manila. He
has been loading up in San Francisco with
Christmas gifts which are to be distrib
uted in the Philippine camps. Und^r In
structions from the War Department Col
onel Oscar A. Long, the depot quarter
master, is receiving from relative* and
friends of the troops now In Manila all
gifts they may choose to send thither.
The Government warehouse at 645 Mission I
street Is the point where all these gifts .
are received. It is stated that the East
ern express companies have more than
twenty tons of these presents now on the
way to the 2'acific Coast. The people of
San Francisco and other California towns
are bringing in parcels and boxes to add
to the ever growing pile, and the people of
Washington and Oregon are not less ac- i
five- in contributing to the accumulation.
The contents of these boxes are a mys
tery .so far a* thiist- who receive them are
concerned. The officials on duty, when
asked, shake their heads. They don't ;
know and they don't care. The consign
ors are not required to disclose the nature
of the contents.
The people who are sending these gifts
to thtiir soldier friends cannot conceal
their anxiety lest their offerings may not
reach Manila, and if they do. that they
get there during the Christmastide. They i
have heard some reports about the diver
■lon of supplies sent to the Philippines :
and they fear lest something of the kind :
may befall the Christmas boxes. Their !
anxiety on this score is soon set at rest j
•when they realize- that the boxes are
taken charge of by officials responsible to !
the Quartermaster's Department, who
torn these presents directly over to the
- to whom they are addressed.
■While Uncle Sam is sending these boxes
free to Manila and putting on no restric
ts to size, the express companies
are reaping a rich harvest, charging all i
that the traffic will bear. As high as $5 75 I
has been charged on a small box weigh- |
Ing loss than five pounds for transporting
it from a little town In Pennsylvania. The I
citizens of Munongahela. Pa., united in
Bending a box of. Christmas presents to i
their soldier friends. The express charges j
on it amounted to more than (68. The ex
press companies arc- holding back boxes
on which th( charges have not been pre
paid at Eastern points, and many a poor I
fellow will experience disappointment on ;
this ac- ount.
Tday about nine tons of presents
for the Thirteenth Minnesota Volunt. ere
The shipment was in
thirty-five mammoth boxes. An organi
zation in Minneanplls known as the Mm
Asßociation of Naval Veterans ;
sent four boxes addressed to Dewey's
fleet containing assorted books and I
pounds.
The brunch of the quartermaster's de
pot on Mission street is visited daily by
people making inquiries as to the regula
tions governing the sending of Christmas
boxes to the sailors and soldiers In Man- !
ila. Everything that is offered is accept- I
cd. Every package ought to be plainly
marked with the name, the let
his company and the State designa
tion and number of his regiment. There
is no charge whatever for .-.hipping to
Manila, and no receipts are given unless I
the consignor brings one already tilled i
out. All boxes from places outside of i
San Francisco should in addition be ad- I
O. P. Laong, chief
Quartermaster, San Francisco, when
will be duly forwarded to the Phil
ippines.
GOOD DOGS TO CHASE
FLEET MERCED HARES
THERE WILL BE FIFTY-FOTJB
OF THE FASTEST PUPS.
Annual' Drawing of the Ingleside As
sociation Brings Out Good
Talent.
There will be good dogs in the running
When the big meet of the Ingleside Cours
ing Association opens on Tuesday on the
$ lilains.
The drawing was made last night at
Pythian and fifty-four of the best dogs
that have run inside of the money dur
ing the season were, entered. The
hegira for the- Merced plains will begin
on Monday morning. Dogs and owners
will leave this city b,y the 9 o'clock train;
the running will begin the following
morning and will continue until Wednes
day afternoon.
The prizes announced make the sport
worth the while from a financial stand
point. To the winner will go $500. to the
runner up $250, to the next two dogs $I^s
each, next three dogs $75 each, next seven
dogs 537 50 each; total, $1487 50.
Following are the entries:
T. J. Mclrterny'a Johnnie vs. Penelope
Kennel's Lair Palomas; M. Allen's Miss
Alice vs. O'Connell BroV' Senorita; John
Egan h Mayflower va. W. O. Elmer's
Irma: Nally & Mor ley's White Diamond
vs. P. J. Kenna'fl Jesse Moore; C. W.
Merry's Orpheum Lasn vs. Frank Par
sons' Kitty Scott; Russell & Wilson's
Jennie Wilson v*. W. Hatpin's Florence
Is; D. J. H.aky's Runty Gold vs. A. Van
den Burghs American Eagle; Jones &
Bedsen's Tuolumne vs. Lowe & Thomp
son's Quickstitch; P. Julian's Sweet Musio
vs. Janus Deane'a r.lialmo; H. A. Deckel
man's Pet Kirl.y vs. Hendy & Smith's
Ida; C. C. Morris' Master Jack vs T
M -Hugh's Matchless; T. J. Mc-Inerny's
Rosie H vs. Henry Sprint's Willful; Rus
sell ..<- Wilson's Glen Rosa vs. Henry
Spring's pp a t Mallqy^C, J. Mclnerny'i
Sunolitf vs. James Deane'a Gladiator; "H
A. Dei kclma-n's Old Glory vs. Dillon &
Reilly's Revolver; D. Hooper's White
Rof ket vs. James Burns' Nellie B- D
Shannon's Gilt Edge vs. A. Massey's
Beauty; O. H. Hoag Jr.'s Jean Beraud
(formerly Obadiah) vs. P. Brophy's Beni
cia Boy; L. Robinefs Montana vs. Georp-e
Smart's Rilkwood; P. Rik-y's Jimmy Rix
vs. RtfßSellA Wilson's Victor Queen-Hand
y & Smith's Dauiitless vs F Foley's
Fleet Wingßj W. O. Elmer's Decision vb
J. Quane's Flashlight; Dillon & Reilly's
Get There vs^P. J. G. Kenna's Rockland
Belle; C. W. Winston's ABC vs. Captain
Clarkson's Lady Jane, T. McNeil's Sports
man vs. Lowe & Thompson's Patria;
White P.arth Kennel's Dakuta vs F
Moran's Royal Prise; T. J. Oronin's Rose
of Trak<- vs. J. J. Goldman's Sarcastic
The annual banquet of the association
followed the drawing.
Advances made on furniture %nd pianos, with
or without removal. .1. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
Thanksgiving Service.
The councils of the Junior Order Unit
ed American Mechanics of this city are
preparing to attend divine service at the
First Baptist Church on Eddy street,
near Jonps, Sunday evening, November
20. Rev. E. A. Wood will preach a stir
ring Thanksgiving sermon, and Joseph S.
Theison will say a few words on the work
of the order.
Annual Tea Meeting.
The twelfth annual tea meeting of the
Ban Francisco Church Extension Society
of the Methodist Episcopal Church will
be held in Grace Church, corner of Capp
THE QUARTERMASTER'S DEPARTMENT IS BUSY WITH SOLDIERS' CHRISTMAS.
and Twenty-first streets, Monday, No
vember 14. Reception and dinner from 5
to 8 p. m. There will be music by the
male quartet, Messrs. Husband, Morris,
Sanchez and Grandeman. Among those.
on the programme are: Drs. Beard.
Locke, Wilson and Woodward. Several
of the laymen will give three-minute
speeches. The committee of arrange
ments is preparing a literary treat.
HALE & NORCROSS CASE.
Controversy Between the Fox and
Grayson Boards.
Just what disposition will be made of
the £500,000 judgment against the Hale &
Norcrom Company has not yet. been de
cided, but within the next few weeks
Hebbard will make an order iinally
disposing of the case. Argument on the
petition presented by the Grayson board
was heard by Judge Hebbard yesterday.
This board claims that the judgment in
the Hale & Norcross case was recovered
for the benefit of the company and should
be paid into its treasury. Also that the
directors should declare such dividend
as they may deem best for the interest
of the company. Owing, however, to the
controversy as to whether the Grayson
board or the Fox board are the legal di
rectors they ask that the money remain
in the hands of Receiver Groom until the
question is determined.
Efforts have been made during the past
week by the attorneys of the Grayson and
Fox boards to adjust their differences. It
Is said that Fox wants $20,000 for his ser
vices in the case. On good authority it
is stated that the Grayson board is will
ing to declare a dividend of $1 a share to
the stockholders if the Fox board will
surrender its claim that it is the legal
board, and the balance of the judgment is
paid into the treasury of the company,
less one-fourth of the judgment, which
■was allowed Attorneys Baggett & Mc-
Kiflick as a fee for their services in the
case.
The Grayson board is anxious to reim
itself out of the judgment for
moneys expended protecting its mining
property and also wish to have sume
money left in its treasury in order to
avoid levying any assessments in the near
future. The Grayson board also seeks to
clear some 18,700 shares of stock of a
cloud upon it by reason of a sale, in vio
lation of an injunction issued some time
ago, and Grayson also wishes to avoid
paying three assessments levied by the
Fox board in months past, which he holds
are illegal.
It is said that the Grayson board is
willing to grant Fox a reasonable allow
ance, but on the other hand the Fox
board wants to compel Grayson to pay
the three assessments, aggregating IbOOO,
and is not willing to leave as large a
working capital in the treasury a* the
Grayson board advocates. Such is the
controversy between the rival boards and
unless some arrangement be made the
stockholders may have a weary wait be
fore they receive any dividends at all.
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.
Vampires Defeated British Sailors at
Golden Gate Yesterday.
The Vampire Association footballers
easily defeated the team of apprentices
from British ships got together by the
Rev. Mr. Fullerton, chaplain of the Sea
j men's Institute, on the Golden Gate
j ground yesterday. The score was: Vara
i pire 4, Sailors 0.
The sailor boy 3 played a plucky uphill
game, but were entirely out of practice.
The team work of the Vampires was not
particularly good, several of their men
| constantly getting out of their proper
j places on the field. J. D. Robertson acted
! as umpire. The teams were as follows:
! Vamplrss. Positions. Sailors.
:J. M. Punnitt Goalkeeper A. R. Roberts |
1 J McGaw Fullbaok Swale i
I a. Price Fullback Adalr i
1 A. Frlfderich Halfback «<*... . Amos ;
iG I. Bau«h Halfback Hunter
W. G. Sellwood Halfb.uk P(.p*> ;
— . Pry Forward Cooper
H. WesterfeM Forward Bird
G. T. S White Forward Sharp !
H. W. I've Forward Hamilton j
C. P. Coles Forward
G. T. S. White captained the Vampires :
and Sharp, of the ship Balasore, was i
captain of the sailors.
Vagaries of an Expressman.
Dr. Ernest Heymans, 110 Ellis .street,
swore to a complaint in Judge Conlan's I
court yesterday for the arrest of Laruo j
Lamar, an expressman, on the charge of
felony embezzlement. The doctor used j
to practice in Sausalito, but removed t"> J
this city on November 4. He brought his i
household effects and his surgical Instru- I
ments and books over with him and en
gaged Lamar, who has a stand at the
ferry, to take them to 110 Ellis street, j
Lamar has not yet delivered thorn, and j
declines to give the doctor any informa- j
tion as to where they are, although he '
haF offered to pay him the $8 hire. The j
articles arc valued at $350.
New Steamship Company.
The Yaquina' Bay Steamship Company,
j organized" for 'the "purpose of operating
' steam and sailing vessels and to transact
: a general freighting business, incorporat
! Ed yesterday with, a capital stock of $50,
000, all of which has been subscribed. The
j directors are Charles P. Doe, H. E." Ozouf,
I R. P. Alexander, John Livingston and H.
I S. Smith.
; Lecture ty Rev. Charles E. Locke.
A lecture will be delivered by the Rev.
Charles Edward Locke, D.V., in Calvary
THE SA3T FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1898.
Presbyterian Church, Powell and Geary
streets, on Tuesday evening, November
15, at 8 o'clock. The subject will be:
"When Scarecrows Do Not Scare." The
lecture will be under the auspices of
Golden Gate Union of Christian En
deavor, and J. S. Webster will preside.
Choir music will be furnished under the
direction of J. J. Morris, and admission
will be free, but by complimentary
ticket.
AN EXHIBIT FOR FRANCE.
California Products to Be Displayed
in the Lille Museum.
In the very near future there will be a
permanent exhibit of California products
established in the Commercial Museum at
Lille, France. Some time ago the local
French Consul informed J. A. Filcher,
manager of the California State Board of
Trade, that free space would be given for
an exhibit of products from this State,
and the offer was regarded as too tempt
ing to refuse or neglect.
Lille is one of the great commercial
■:''.':' ■■■ ADVEBTISEJttENTS. : . '' ■ ■ •  ' . ■ ■"•;-.
8 i A GRAND REMEDY FOR WEAK MEN!
B r y ,\iH It Restores the Old Vim Ambition and
■|t§i|PH Confidence-It Fills the Body With the
■pSrcwilji F |re of Youth.
7 : \_W_\y 111 n^/Vv ' m^i C \^^^\ /pHEREARETEN THOUSAND MEN WHO CLAIM THAT THEY HAVE RE-
' &99«jg = 'I }^ A *" v (//^^^^^^^,...>»» \ I Sained their full power during the past live years by using Dr. Sanden's Electric
MIRMDjMIj £§ fill il ft/ _%zs%ss\^ "'" ( «>«"ii, \ ■*■ Belt. There are men who had spent from $5 to $1000 doctoring before they
-Sv : , rrl I |]V v\ // — sj^f k^-*;. s s finally discovered that drugs cannot restore vital power. Drugs do not give strength.
"/•■ ">J : == \WL ' \ •// \ 1 1^^\ r v \ — Electricity does. That is why Dr. Sanden's treatment cures when drugs fail.
HI m&^t&sDß. SANDEN'S
wß^=^m 4ms3k electric belt
WsE^kJ^§^ CURES'
§pa?i> a| i^^ s\ ,>N 'v* /( y It cures by restoring the lost strength. It assists the circulation and removes
ij Ijfj s|-«^£Jr^\ f^n i^F* ffvi ''rV\ \\ I/-' / *^ c cause °^ pain. Fiectricity is the cure to-day. It is successful after all else has
L^/ m SLT~ u \l \—^J L-^J IJ J w^^r"^~\.. \% } / failed. Nothing bears a closer relation to the elements of vital nerve force than
JEI7 5 f| Wsi** &** 1 ir% 3 '4^' I^ >► "ff (ill Electricity. It is natural. It is the strength, .the vigor, and, in fact, the very life in
P»— i.h^-! Jy. i_\~ _\^y\ j ''^•'j \\ \\__ K \'. the .body, and is a wonderful remedy when applied by Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt.
.*£ o.&LT «fc^ ¥v'^if There Are Thousands of Cures Like This:
*■ » & f^\ \ 1 I ' UNION HOUSE, Sacramento County. Cal. "
•:';^ , \ ill ' DR. A. T. SANDEN— Dear Sir: The Belt received from you some time ago has proved a Godsend to me. It has
— . Aiv - \ I ' done wonders for mo and has put my wife in better health than she has been for years. She has gained in strength
M- \|| I I and feels as good as she could wish. It has completely cured me of weakness and lam strong- in every way, and feel
> 1. ' ■ : ■■- C" :'S^:-\ ■-. >*. x.l as well as I ever did. The Belt has done whnt fWtnrs" and natent medicines have failed to do, and think It a cheap
f 1 1111 111 lllf II 1 Mil 111 111 Hill II Mill II 111 Illllllllilllll I If i\ X*S cure, as I had spent over $200 trying ■ to^get relief for myself and wife. I feel very grateful for God only knows what I
11 Mm^SW? suffered before trying the Belt. I had about given up hope and was sick and tired of trying different things with the
II I I I I I I 1111^^^ • same result. I cannot tell you how I feel toward you but will do all I possibly canto make known the good I have
1 I I 111 I I " received from your Belt and advice. You can use this letter as you like and can refer any one to me you wish, and
lllf lllllJ'lf lII "' II Hill II J illill 111 III! IIiJiIJJJIIIIJ] i\ J ill 1 1 • I will easily prove what I say i a true. Wishing your Belt the success it deserves, I remain, yours veryru^y^^
0 _
MEN, DON'T BE WEAKHf You Are Weak Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt Will Cure You.
This wonderful Belt is not an experiment. Cures like the above have been repeated daily for years. It is a positive cure for all weakness, whatever the cause. It gives life into the nerves
warms and vitalizes them, assists the blood to flow through the veins and thus aids nature so that disease cannot exist, and all normal strength is restored. Dr. Sanden applies his .Belt m a man-
ner taught him by years of practice. The men who say it cured them of general debility, of wasting weakness; the men who have become strong and vigorous by following Dr. banaen s aavice,
are the best evidence of the worth of his system. There are thousands of them. If you are troubled with weakness in any way, call and examine this wonderful Belt, lest me poweriui current
it gives and see how easily regulated it is. Don't be ignorant of a remedy which may correct all your past mistakes and assure your future happiness. Don't delay; _ act now. ■ l^et tne book,
"Three Classes of Men," devoted to the weaknesses of men; tells the cause of early decay in young and middle-aged men. It shows how electricity, properly applied, will restore tnis power,
and gives the proof. It is free upon application. A call preferred. . -
I""^F5? J\ TP £S T^JF^F^T^J 702 Market Street, I not in drug stores.
""^■"■^V*: X*• * • **— *1 JL^JL-/1 J Cor, Kearny, San Francisco. .- Dr . Sanden's' Electric Beit m never
Office Hours— a. m. to Bp. m.; Sundays, 10 to 1. Branches at Los "Angeles, Cal., 232 West Second street; Portland, Or 253 Washington street; sold tln_t In _^ r VS S l ™l „££>?* traveling
Denver, Colo., 931- Sixteenth street; Dallas, Tex., 285 Main street; Butte, Mont., 110 North Main street. , ; " agents— oniy at oar omce.
centers of France, and it is there that
thousands of merchants and dealers go
every year, in fact, remain there much of
the time, in order to secure favorable
bargains in goods from all quarters of
the globe. Mr. Fllcher recognized the ad
vantage of having an exhibit from this
coast, and he believes that a good dis
play will have the rffect of drawing thou
sands of dollars of trade to the Golden
West
He at once set to work collecting
such goods and products as will
not perish. So far he ha-s gathered
for the great commercial center of
Europe the following products of the
State: Cereals of all kinds, beans, 1*
minerals, hops, wools, seeds of all kinds,
wines "and brandies, honey and beeswax,
nuts, sugar, tallow, eanaigre (a root, which
is extensively used in Europe for tanning
purposes ami grows in abundance in this
State), desiccated vegetables, malt.
leather, etc., and canned and bottled
fruits and preserves. It is expected that
the exhibit will be forwarded within a
week or so.
The season is drawing nigh when the
plumber will have a lead-pipe cinch.
CAPTAIN W. S. BARNES
SEEKING PROMOTION
WANTS TO BE ADJUTANT GEN
ERAL OF CALIFORNIA.
Captain J. F. Connolly Praises the
Bravery of the California Boys.
The Battle of Malete.
The surprise sprung on the National
Guard last week was the announcement
that Captain William S. Barnes of the
Eighth California Volunteers is an aspir
ant for the office of Adjutant General of
the State of California, to succeed Gen
eral Barrett. And another who has been
announced for the same office is Colonel
William Edwards. That, up to the pres
ent time, makes quite an array of candi
dates, for in addition to these two are
those who were named last week, and
they are Major Jansen, inspector of the
Second Brigade, Colonel Stone, Colonel
Currier and the incumbent, General Bar
rett.
The work of reorganization, which was
interrupted by the election, will be re
sumed on Monday night, when additional
men for Companies C, G and A will be ex
amined as to their physical qualifications.
A petition has been received from fifty
applicants who desire to form Company
I of the First, the company that was com
manded in the old First by the
late Captain Reinhold Kichter, who
met death before Manila. The pe
titioners will be called upon dur
ing the week to pass the requisite med
ical examination. After they shall have
been examined the applicants for other
companies will be called on.
The cadet company of the First Regi
ment meets regularly at the regimental
armory for drill, and it is maintaining its
numerical strength. The company is at
this time commanded by Lieutenant
Dodge, in the absence of Captain Bartlett,
who is at the front with Company G of
the First California Volunteers, he having
enlisted as a private.
The Signal Corps of the Second Brigade
announces a social to be given on the
night of the 18th inst.
An election is soon to be ordered in the
Naval Militia to fill vacancies caused by
the expiration of term of A. H. Elliott,
lieutenant junior grade, and T. S. Harloe,
ensign, both in the secoftd division.
Captain Turner, commanding the Naval
Militia, has fully recovered from his re
cent illness and is now actively at work In
the interest of his command.
During the month of December there
will be no drills by the men Of the Naval
Militia, as that is a month of rest.
The officers of the N^aval Militia have
made arrangements to' resume the offi
cers' mess, which at one time were so
popular. At these reunions the officers,
after partaking of a first-class menu pre
pared at their individual expense, discuss
matters of interest and importance to the
militia, and in the interchange bf ideas
acquire much useful knowledge.
Shortly before the call for volunteers
for the war with Spain Brigade Inspector
Major Jansen inspected the Second Bri
gade, and in his report, filed before the
mustering of the First California Volun
teers, he paid a high tribute to the worth
and courage of the men who composed
the First Regiment of Infantry from
which the greater portion of the First
California Volunteers was drawn.
By the last arrived steamer that
brought mail from Manila there was a
letter to Major Jansen from Captain J.
F. ConnoUv, commanding Company A of
the Firsi California. The following ex
tracts from that letter will prove inter
esting to those members of the guard
who did not go to the front:
My Dear Major: By your letter I note that
youstlll have that pride for the California boys
you always had. Now you can feel prouder
than ever! "When ever there ivas anything to
be done California was there, and whatever
the California boys did they lid well.
At the time you wrote your inter to roe you
had not heard of thu death of Senjeunt Maurice
Justh. He died a soldier's death, and I know
that no man ever wore a uniform who was
braver or more patriotic than was poor Mau
rlce. I have read the published accounts of
the battle of Malete. and while th?y are in a
general way correct those who wrote them wpro
not ;n a position to ccc things as they really
were.
He then writes of the work of the Cali
fornia boys in going to the assistance of
the Pennsylvanians, who were in the
trenches, and after describing how the
men marched knee deep in the mud of the
rice fields he says:
The night was so dark that it was Impossible
for me to see a man two feet from me. The
rain came down in torrents, the marching was
terrible, vet not a single man flinched. The
scout sent out by me returned, and reported a.
small trench right ahead of us, and 1 ordered
the men 1 into this. After they got Into the
trench I ordered an advance. The men went on
the run In column of files, and it was then
that poor Maurice was hit In the abdomen
with a Mauser bullet. He died in about five
minutes, and all he said was "I am done for.
We advanced to the forward trench cheering
all the while, and when we got there the Penn
sylvania boys received us with a wild cheer,
for they depended on our coming, and we were
Just In time. Each man had only four rounds
of ammunition left, and they had their bayo
nets fixed ready for a charge. Our men helped
the Pennsylvanians to ammunition, and the
Callfornians then got in and did some good
shooting. It was a glorious time for the Cali
fornia boys, and, major, they fully come up to
your expectations.
RACE DESTRUCTION
IN INTERMARRIAGES
RABBI MEYERS DISCOURSES ON
THE EVIL.
The Bush-street Temple was crowded
yesterday morning to the doors. The oc
casion of this immense assemblage was
the announcement that Dr. Isador Mey
ers would lecture on the essential sub
ject, "The Manufacturers of Mixed Mar-
The doctor's purpose in delivering the
lecture was to denounce those of his flock
who so far departed from their teachings
as to intermarry with the Christians and
at the same time to upbraid those who
agitated Hebrew-Christian marriages. He
called attention to the fact that Abraham
had exacted a promise from Elezar that
his son should marry into his own race,
and from that time the Jew had instinc
tively guarded from race destruction by
confining marriage within the limit 3 of
1 "T^ae real reason why the orthodox Jew
of to-day regards marriage as. more than
the simple union of two people is because
they have preserved this custom, said
the speaker.
"In the community of San Francisco
there is a wholesale attempt being made
to encourage these unhallowed marriages.
The men who have taken the oath before
God that they will prove faithful to their
teachings as the leaders of Judaism are
the very men who encourage intermar
riage. Oh, the mockery of It! The in
famy of men who have sworn before God
to uphold the tenets of their faith to now
encourage intermarriage. I enter my
most rigorous protest because, as Jews,
we do not wish to be absorbed and to lose
our identity."
STROH GETS TWENTY YEARS.
Three Burglars Sent to San Quentin
by Judge Rhodes Borden.
Adam Stroh, the burglar through whose
operations Baldwin Gardner was mortally
wounded, whs sentenced to twenty yeirti
In San Quentin by Judge Borden yester
day. Stroh is notorious for his lawless
nets, and when he was placed on trial
for the last offense four prior convictions
stood against him.
The crime for which he was sentenced
yesterday was the most serious of his
many. On last Christmas day he entered
the residence of Charles Bier, corner of
Franklin and Geary streets. He was dis
covered while in the act of ransacking:
the house and the police were informed.
The house was surrounded, and when the
burglar became aware that he was cor
nered he fled to the roof and began a race
for liberty over the house tops. The police
opened fire on him, and in order to es
cape the thief jumped on the porch of
Baldwin Gardner and slid down a post.
Just as the burglar jumped on Gardner's
purch Gardner, attracted by the shots,
stepped out. A bullet fired at the fleeing
criminal struck him and he fell mortally
wpunded. Stroh was captured and found
guilty of the crime charged. Yesterday
he appeared in court emaciated and ap
parently very ill. He received his sen
tence with a smile and then left tha court
room in charge of a Deputy Sheriff.
James McKay, convicted of burglary,
was sentenced to five years in San Quen
tin. T. Nagata, a Japanese, convicted of
burglary, was sentenced to three years In
the same penitentiary.
THE ARMY AND NAVY
REPUBLICAN LEAGUE
PROUD RECORD OF A FAMOUS
ORGANIZATION.
Interesting Details of the Splendid
Work Done in the Recent Suc
cessful Campaign.
The Army ana Navy Republican L,eagu#,
which has been in existence eighteen
years, took a prominent part in the re
cent campaign. The following report of
its operations by Adjutant General Bailey
of George H. Thomas Post will be read
with interest:
SAN FRANCISCO, November 12, IS9B.
W H Seamans, Commander-in-Chlef, Army
and Navy Republican League, Sacramento,
Cal.— Dear General: I have the honor to re
spectfully report the following facts regarding
the work accomplished under your orders and
directions, by and through these headquarters,
during the last two and one-hal£ months f
my official services. .
The progress made throughout the State In
the peculiar field of our rjTKanization. covering
Union Veterans, their sons and ex-soldiers and
sailors of the United States, In lining up our
5000 older members, and enrolling a large num
ber of new men for the cause of our loved old
party, is most gratifying to your officers and
members.
Our splendid organization by reason of ita
•widespread and personal character work In
proselyting Populists and fusionlsts, wooing
Democrats, and bringing to the party the largo
elements of swayable suffragists which are
the balance of power in all election contests,
may, perhaps, without immodesty claim to be
one of the many factors which wrought the
history-beating triumph of Henry T. Gage on
November 8. At the beginning of this cam
paign eighteen camps of the Army and Navy
Republican League were on the lists. During
the last forty-five days sixteen charters for new
camps have been issued from these headquar
ters to various parts of the State. From 2VO
to 3000 new members have been enrolled, now
making a total of 7500 stanch members who
with their influence over family and comrade
affiliations cast at least 15,000 straight vote*
for the party.
Twenty thousand circulars of a political and
campaign nature have been sent out to the
camps of the league and their allied voters.
the effect of which unmistakably contributed
to the phenomenal success of last Tuesday.
Upward of 1500 official letters and communica
tions have been mailed.
Mass meetings have been held under the
auspices or direction of the camps of the league
in a numlver of towns, such as San Francisco,
Sacramento. San Jose. Santa Rosa, Fresno
Los Angeles, Oakland, San Diego, Tireka, Lkiah
aI A local campfire meeting of the •amps in this
city, which number over 2000 men. was^ held
at Saratoga Hall on Wednesday October 26.
before which most of th-> municipal candidates
appeared and made addresses, which were
greatly appreciated by the members of the
Cl Our°^rk" has been provided for by and car
ried on in unison with the Republican State
Committee, which has politely and repeatedly
acknowledged its efficiency and value.
The State headquarters of the league In the
rltv 1b a great success: open to all: constantly
frequented bv many: and a bullet could scarcely
te fired at the walls without h««tlng a good
looking face-It Is needless to say, that of one
° flnf In U clo, a in'r a^ S - desirability of permanently
maintaining these headquarters Is urged upon
"(Official.) Adjutant General.
School Department Scandal.
A demurrer to the indictment charging i
School Director Burns, Inspector O'Brien,
and Contractor Swift with having swin
dled the School Department out of sev
eral thousand dollars was interposed yes
terday by the attorneys for the defense.
It is alleged that the Indictment is in
valid by reason of the fact that it charges
the defendants with conspiracy to defraud
and with obtaining money by false pre
tense^ while lawfully it can allege but
one offense Judge Cook ordered the mat
ter of the demurrer submitted and will
decide the point raised in a few days.
Says He Is a Native.
Ah Len, a notorious highbinder, was re
leased from the State Prison at San
Quentin last Friday, having completed
his term of sentence for the murder of
a Chinaman in L«s Angeles, and was im
mediately placed under arrest for depor
tation under the Federal statute, provid
ing for the deportation of Chinese felons.
Len claims to be a native American, and
if the Government cannot prove to the
contrary he will be let go.STABBED BY
A DRUNKEN
ROOM MATE
Charles Caillods Fa
tally Wounded.
ROW IN A LODGING HOUSE
JOHN MAHONEY UNDER ARREST
xOR MTJRDER.
Caillods Told Him to Keep Quiet
and He Avenged Himself
"With a Small Pea*
knife.
Charles Caillods, a dishwasher, was fa
tally wounded with a penknife last night
In the Salvation Army lodging-houso at
15S New Montgomery street. Ills assail
ant, John Mahoney, a laborer. Is under
arrest, awaiting Caillods' death, when a
charge of murder will be placed against
him.
The bunks In the lodging-house are ar
ranged in tiers, and Caillods had the
bunk just over that occupieQ by Mahoney.
Mahoney came in about midnight. He
was very drunk and noisy, and Caillods
demanded that he keep quiet.
He answered in vile language and the
two men had hot words until some one
restored peaoe an^ tne house became
quiet. Then Mahoney got out of his bunk
and with his penknife slashed CailloJs
across the abdomen until he was in a hor
rible condition.
Several lodgers saw the deed and they
immediately called for the police and for
an ambulance.
Caillods was at once taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital, where he was operated
upon, but there is no hope of his re
covery.
The police found Mahoney in a drunken
Ftupor on the floor. He said he had not
harmed any one, but that Caillods had
insulted him. A blood-stained penknife
ADVERTISEMENTS.
T settledTactt
That they do cure Deafness and Ca-
tarrh of the Head, Throat Vocal Cords,
Bronchial Tubes, Lungs, Stomach, Liver,
etc , at THE FLECKENSTEIN MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE.
AH Diseases
$5-00 a Month,
Which includes all Medi=
cines and Appliances.
YEARS OF SUFFERING
FROM NASAL CATARRH
BROUGHT TO AN END.
f II
Si is^ if
Or-
E. R. O7MBBV of 424
Leavenworth st., cured of
Chronic Catarrh.
"My miseries are over now," said E. R. j
Ormsby of 424 Leavenworth street. "The
horrible catarrh of the head, nose and
throat that I suffered with for 5 years
was all cured up by the treatment they
gave me at the Fleckenstein Medical In-
stitute. But before that I had undergone
misery enough for a life time. My nos-
trils were closed, my throat was always in
a state of feverish soreness and besides
the incessant hawking and spitting and
the constant use of the Handkerchief I
suffered greatly from catarrhal headache.
"When at the office I would disgust cus-
tomers with my constant endeavor to
clear my nose and throat, and when at
dinner would often have to leave the ta-
ble to spit out the corruption which was
constantly dropping down into my throat.
But Dr. Fleckenstein cured me and that
ended the whole trouble.
TRIAL TREATMENT FREE.
The benefits of a trial treatment free of expense Is cheerfully
accorded to all who apply in person at the office.
HOME TREATMENT BY MAIL.
Patients who live at a distance can be treated with perfect suc-
cess by the aid of the Flcckenstein Syniptom Blank, and patients'
report sheets sent free on application.
CONSULTATION FREE.
DR. FLECKENSTEIN'S TREATISE FREE TO AL.L.
THE FLECKENSTEFmEDTcAL INSTITUTE, "
EMPORIUM BUILDING, 825 and 855 Market Street,
Rooms 515-516, Fifth Floor.
OFFICE HOURS— From 9 a. m. to 12 m.; from 1 to 5 p. m. Evenings-
Tuesdays and Fridays, 7 to 9. Sundays from 10 a. m. to 12 m.
was found on the floor near him which
was identified as his property.
Caillods has been out of work for some
time. He was almost penniless, but last
night was his first appearance at the
lodging-house. Mahoney was a frequent
visitor at the place.
The Guild's High Jinks.
San Francisco Chapter of the American
Guild gave a high jinks in the banquet
hall of the Native Sons' building last
evening. There was an attendance of sev
eral hundred, who were treated to a va
ried programme, which included songs,
instrumental selections, trios, duets, spe
cialties, wrestling matches and scientific
boxing matches. There Was also an ad
dress by M. I*. Asher. governor of the
chapter, and R. W. McGarvie. deputy
supreme governor, and between numbers
there was served up a collation and re
freshments. Judge W. L. Pierce was the
master of ceremonies.
Threlfell Property Sold.
The Threlfell property at Irvington.
Alameda County, consisting of 135 acres
of land, was sold yesterday afternoon by
■Easton, Eldridge & Co. for $34,757 75. The
list of purchasers are as follows:
Parcels 1. 2, :>,. 4. r>. 4" acres, C. F. Hom
er, for $10,000; parcels 0. 7, VJ. acres, Hen
ry Brown, for $2700; par..] 8, 8 acres. L.
Crowell, for $1800; parcels 9. 13, 15 acres,
John Andrade. for 524&); parcels 10. 11, 12,
17, IS, 19, 20, 23, 7fc acres, J. Trenouth. for
$9875: parcels 14, 15. 16, 21 and 22, 30 acres,
H. Curtun, for $6000; porton of lot 14, a
acres, J. Rix, for $1125.
GRIM REAPER'S HARVEST.
Deaths of Two Actresses Recorded in
a Day.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Nov. 12.— A dispatch
has been received by Louisville relatives
telling of the death of Virginia Dreyer,
the well-known actress. She died yester
day at Phoenix, Ariz., where she had
gone for her health. She was a member
of '"Daly's stock company of New York for
some time, but left the stage after her
marriage with George Postlewaite, a rich
a £uNSWICK, N. J.. Nov. 12-
NEW BRUNSWICK, N. J., Nov. 12.-
Clara Fisher Maeder, the actress, died to
day in Metuchen, aged 85 years. Mrs.
Maeder began acting when 5 years of age
in England. She came to America In 1821
and attained high standing in the dra
matic profession. Her last engagement
was with Augustin Daly's company in
TOLEDO, "ohio." Nov. 12.— E. A. Elder,
TOLEDO, Ohio, Nov. 12.— E. A. Elder,
general superintendent of the Florida
East Coast Railroad, died at St. Vincent's
Hospital here to-day.
LANSING. Mich.. Nov. 12.— Judge Mar
tin V. Montgomery, one of the best
known members of - the Michigan bar,
died here to-night.
Fires in the Forests.
BANTA CRUZ, Nov. 12.— For the past
few days forest and field fires have raged
between Scotts Valley and QtenwoocL
1 Much fencing and timber have l><=-en de
'■ stroyed. The buildings were saved by
back firing.
CHRONIC CATARRH OF
THE STOMACH AND
ITS LASTING CURE.
MRS. \W. SThTSON,
931 Post st., cured or
Chronic Catarrh of
Stomach.
"MRS. WH, BTBTSON, 931 Pos\st."
Regarding the Fleckenstein treatment
for chronic catarrh of the stomach with
all Its wretched sickness and all its pangs
and miseries, I can say a word out of the
fullness of my heart — out of downright
| gratitude for what that treatment did for
me after I had suffered more than 3 years
! and until it had made a perfect invalid
of me. To make a long story short. I had
; been troubled for a long time with catarrn
of the head and throat, with its usual dis-
comfort and its many annoyances, but
i my general healv.i did not entirely give
i way under the disease till its vile poi-
j son attacked the stomach. Then I began
, to go down. Thf-n 1 b.--gan to suffer from
] absolute stomach failure —from the pain,
; the nausea, the bloating, the sickness, the
i dejecting weakness, weariness and fright-
| ful bodily waste that made the common
1 horrors of indigestion. It was as though
my stomach had lost the natural digest-
i ive principle, absolutely and forever. My
| food didn't really feed me. It gave no
nourishment. It was a process of starv-
ation. If I ate anything solid I would
Jiave to go to bed sick. For three whole
years I ate almost nothing but crackers
and milk, and very sparingly, of that, till
I became too feeble to attend to my
household duties at all. I read about the
Fleckenstein treatment and concluded to
try it, and I will say that my stomach be-
gan to mend and heal and strengthen al-
most from the start. At the end of it not
only my healthy natural appetite, but my
sound natural digestion has been restored
and I was a well woman and am a well
woman to-day. That is what the Fleck-
enstein treatment did for me, and I hope
that my giving the facts in my own case
may be the means of helping other suf-
ferers.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1898.
ROUGH GOING
FOR THE SHORT
PRICED ONES
Napamax Took the
Burlingame.
FOUR FAVORITES DEFEATED
VELOZ "WON THE DISTANCE
EVENT IN A GALLOP.
Lost Girl Finished in Front of Her
Field at Odds of 20 to I—Hor
ton a Rare Good Colt — Etta
H Beats Captive.
The customary Saturday crowd of race
goers filled the betting ring and grand
stand at Oakland, and were treated to
some splendid sport, replete with sur-
NAPAMAX WINNING THE BURLINGAME STAKES.
prises. Had Napamax not taken the Bur
lingame stake the favorites would have
been whitewashed. Lost Girl's win of the
opening event at odds of 20 to 1 was the
most unexpected of the afternoon.
By many the victory of Napamax for
the stake was considered a very lucky i
one. Charley Thorpe had boiled down to
make the weight (MS pounds), and t*»e
Burns & Waterhotlse fllly was sent to the
post a 7 tv Ut favorite. The game Mori- .
n,-I was by no means neglected, especial
ly as Beauchamp was to replace Garriffan
in the saddle. The fates were against her.
Sent away to a good start, there was
some bumping at the first turn, which
did not help either Espionage or Morinel. j
Napamax and the latter quickly showed |
In front, but when Beauchamp perceived
Piggot, on Kubicon, making for the lead
he took his mount back to third pjace.
Rubicon showed first as the turn for home
was rounded, but there gave, way to the i
favorite. Morinel was at this point fully i
five lengths behind the leader. Beaucnamp
now began urging his mount, and, com
pelled to sit on a sliding seat the last part,
was beaten out a long neck in 1:41 flat. ;
Rainitr, roughly ridden by McCarthy, was i
a close third. Espionage showed to no j
advantage any part.
Everything went wrong in the opening |
event 'a seven furlong run decided under
selling conditions. San Venado, the fa
vorite never looked a winner, getting
away 'from the post poorly, and when
Peixotto, carrying heavy support, looked
to have the race up his sleeve, Bullman
came along with Lost Girl, an outsider,
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TBACK, Saturday, Nov. 12, 1898.— Twelfth day
of the California Jockey Club meeting. Weather fine; track fast.
J. A. MURPHY. Presiding Judged JAMES B. FERGU3ON. Starter.
198.
FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $350.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight, j
%m.
*im.
Jockeys.
192 Lost Girl, 4. 109
183 Peixotto, 5 112
186 San Venado, 3 113
173 I* lore, 4 110
187 Howard, a .....109
178 Joe Levy. 3 109
178 Bliss Rucker. % 107
188 Magnus, 3 104
192 Zarro. 5 109
ISS Bonnie lone, 3.. .....104
52 Loaette, 3 ■ 104
2
6
7
3
II
8
4
11
I
9
10
3%
2#
9 1
6 %
1 hi,
5 Vi
7 h
11
10
4 h
8 V.
4 h
3 1
8 %
7 tt
2 h
5 V.
C 1
11
9%
10
11
2 h
1 2
6 M.
5 1
3 H
7 >,i
4 ft
11
8 2
10
- 9 1
1%
2 2
6 1
4 Vt
3 h
7 2
6 1
9
82
10
. 11
1 1
24
'3 ns
4 %
C 2
6 H
7 2
8
9
10
11
jismiman
Powell
Rutt^r
<;. Wilson
Ames
T. Mcllugh...
Thorpe
15
5
6-5
15
60
50
3
10
50
20
15
12
8-5
IS
60
60
7-2
15
60
20
20
Huuck
Gouin
Devln
IHi'aui'hamp ..
Bea'
Time, 1:28. Winner, E. G. McConnell'3 eh. h. by Sobrante-Nellie K_ Good start. Won
firS A t 6horter rl roufe suits Ppixotto. San Venado is capable of better work. Bliss Ruoker is
thick-winded. Lost C.rl's run ■peak- for Itself.
.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; two- year-olds; purae, $3f>o.
Index.. Horse.
%m.
%m.
%m.
Str.
(17!<) Horton 1
170 Ltmi-water B
(IT.-,; Midlove 1
160 Almoner 1'
174 Petal I 1
... Juneau - 1
3
4
1
2
6
5
2 14
3 h
4 4 ■
1 h
6 2 "
« .
2 2
3 h
4 4
1 h
5 8
6
2 2V.
4 4
8 1
1 n
B 10
6
1 2
2 4
3 6
4 h
5 20
6
>n !
t
2
4
4-5
6
100
60
7-2
7
3-5
6
200
60
s
Time, 1:14. Winner E. F. Smith's eh. c. by El Rayo-Fusillade's La_t. Good start. Won
cleverly.' Second and third driving.
Midlove stumbled at the start. She runs best out in front. Horton is good now and pos-
sessed of considerable class. Llmewater showed signs of soreness, but ran gamely.
C\f\f\ THIRD RACE— One and three-eighths miles;
Z£,\)\J» purse, $400. ■ -
_ - ; I
Index. Horse. -Age. Weight. St. St_. %m. Km.
Std.
%m. %m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
170 Veloz, 4 91
192 Red Glenn, a 10:
ISB Don Luis, 3 Ei
170 Lady Hurst, 4 10
191 Charlie Reif. 4 8
... . Rossmore, a 10;
149 Eureka, a 10'
. Tortonl. 6 10*
I 3
: 4
: 6
\ 7
2
1
42 3 1
6 3 r. h
7 6 7 15
2 2 -21
5 ft 62
3h 4 h
8 8
1 % 1 h
1 3
3 V.
7 15
2 1
4 2
6 1
8
6 2
1 2
2 1
5%
3 6
4 1
6 6
8
7 4
■12
2 2
4 1
3 3
53
6 2
8
7 3
1 1
24
3 3
4 5
5 8
6 4
7 10
■
ruweii .......
Beauchamp ..
Devln
Gouln
Houck
Bennett .......
J. Smith
H. Smith
6 7-2
6-5 8-5
7-5 11-5
8 10
8 10
40 100
100 300
100 200
Time, 2:23%. Winner, Whitman & Coney's br. g. by imp. The Hook-Viente. Good start.
Won easily. Second and third driving.
Veloz was keyed to' concert pitch. If allowed to go to the front Red Glenn might have
■won. Don Luis had no speed. Ijady Hurst Is in bad shape.
Oni FOURTH RACE— One mile; all ages; tha Burllngame stakes; value, $1230.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
%m.
%m.
%m.
Str.
(161) Napamax, 3
(180) Morinel, 3
179 Rainier, 2
174 Olinthus, 2
190 Rubicon, a ■
... Espionage, 2
146 Rosormonde, 8 '
2
1
6
3
4
7
5
2 2
3 tt
5 h
6 2
lh
7
4 % •
2 2
3 h
4 Vk
6 X
1 2
7 -
5 1^
2 2
44
3 1
5 1
114
6 2
7
2%
•66
8 1
6 2
11
7
4%
1 $
2 1
3 h
4 1
52
6 10
7
L iiurpe .......
{eauchamp . .
McCarthy ....
r. rteirt
3-5 7-10
5-2 3
40 50
6 10
10 10
4 10
40 60
Time, 1:41. Winner, Burns & Waterhouse'a br. f. by imp. Maxim-Napa. Good start.
Won first three driving.
Napamax was fortunate. Beauchamp on Morinol probably miFjuclged the pace. Later
his raddle Sipped, losing him the race. Rainier had a chance, but was pocketed the last
part. Ollnthus wants stronger riding. Espionage lacked speed. Bhe also likes a shorter
route. _____________
q/\q FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; all ageß; high weight handicap; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
%m.
%m.
Btr.
Fin.
189 Etta H, 4
... Captive, 5 '
175 Elizabeth R, 2
(1S1) Headwater, 2 !
* 190 Highland Ball, 3...
189 Mollle A, a 1
197 Juanlta, 4 :
5
6
3
4
1
f
. 1 1
r- 4
6
3 H
5 6
2hi
12
4 h
6 2
2 1
8 h
6 •
1 6
3 1%,
5 10
2 1
4 8
?..
1 U
2 3
3 h
4 3
. IS
6
Wilson
tter
iieirr
ields
4
4
6
8-5
4
4
3
10
1
6
{gott
vln
lain .
I:
Winner, H. F. Edwards & Co.'b eh. m. by Flambeau-Miss Mltford.
Bad
start. Won first three driving.
Away better Captive would have won. Elizabeth R also got a bad break. Headwater
was rated the first part. It was rank foolishness. There was a tedious delay at the post.
and won cleverly by a length. The first
choice was beaten four lengths for the
place by Piexotto.
In the 2-year-old sprint over six fur
longs, the fast colt Horton showed some
of his real form. Midlove was played for
a "moral," but a tedious delay at the post
did not help the fretful filly's chances,
and she finished third. Horton, piloted by
Kutter, overhauled Almoner in the
stretch, and at the wire won with some
thing to spare. Llmewater came with a
fine burst of speed, leading the first
choice out for the place. The ring laid
as good as 18 to 5 against the winner.
The mile and three furlong selling run
was only a gallop for Veloz, excellently
ridden by Ivy Powell. The long striding
gelding was as good as 5 to 1 in the bet
ting and won at his ease from the favor
ite. Red Glenn. Don Luis, the second
choice, had little speed, but finally man
aged to get the show.
Aided by getting the best of a poor
sendoff in the concluding race of the day,
a six furlong high-weight handicap, Etta
H at odds of 6 to 1 made all the running
and ridden out at the wire downed Cap
tive half a length. The topheavy favorite
Headwater was fourth, behind Elizabeth
R.
HE ALLEGES A CONSPIRACY.
Frederick Marks Sues His Daughter
to Recover Valuable Real Estate.
Frederick Marks, a retired merchant,
residing at 2612 Sutter street, has filed suit
against his daughter, Mrs. Elizabeth Mc-
Pherson, to recover possession of prop
erty valued at $5000, which he claims she
secured from him by entering into a con
spiracy with that object in view with one
Henry Thompson.
On September 9 Marks narrowly es
caped asphyxiation in his home by in
haling Illuminating gas. When found by
his family he was unconscious. Dr. Schu
mat was hurriedly summoiutl and Marks'
life was saved. A few days later the phy
sician presented Marks with a bill for
$50, but, as Marks was still ill from the
effects of the gas, payment was postpone!
a few days. A few days later another
bill for $500 was sent in, presumably by
Dr. Schumat. Marks talked the mutt, r
over with his daughter, he alleges, an 1 .
she advised him to transfer his properly
to her. This he did, and now Marks is
confident that hiR daughter entered into
a fraudulent conspiracy with Thompson
to deprive him ot his property, and he
asks the court to cancel the deeds he exe
cuted in favor of Mrs. McPhorson.
Catarrh Can Be Cured.
Catarrh Is a kindred ailment of consumption,
long considered incurable; and yet there is one
remedy that will positively cure catarrh in any
of its stages. For many years this remedy was
used by the late Dr. Stevens, a widely noted
authority on all diseases of the thront and
lungs. Having tested its wonderful curative
powers in thousand' of cases, and desiring to
relieve human suffering:, I will send f r< - ■ :'
charge to all sufferers from catarrh, asthma,
consumption and Bcrrooa diseases this recipe,
in German, French or EnßUsh, with full direc
tions for preparing and using. Sent by mall In
addressing, with stamp, naming this paper, \V.
A. JCoyes, 920 Powers block. Rochester, N. Y.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Bessie Wilson has sued George H. Wil
son for a divorce, allowing desertion as a
cause of complain. Beatrice Kotter asks
for a divorce from John L. Kotter on the
ground of failure to provide.
Advances made on furniture anil pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
ADVERTISEMENTS. __
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 000
| SELLING OUT. j
• We Are Retiring From Business {
$100,000 worth of new seasonable merchandise, this Fall's
g productions, must be disposed of by January Ist. In order to g
© do so effectively we cut and slashed prices without mercy.
o Costs and profits are out of consideration. g
% Clothing, Hats and Furnishings for Man, Boy or Child, g
g A few of our prices. Read them, they may interest you. O
§ MEN'S SUITS. ' /
©r . Tweeds, Cassimeres and Cheviots,
rt round and square corners, the kind ,
X that sell at $7, $8 and $9, go at
% $4-45
; © Worsted Cheviots and Tweeds, single
I Oand double-breasted, round and
i v square corners, the kind that sell
; O for $10 and $12, go at
g $6.45.
§ MEN'S OVERCOATS.
O ' Blue-Black, Brown and Gray, with
w velvet collars, all-wool cheviots,
© the kind that sell for $10, go at
g $4-95-
X The Covert Cloth Top Coats, strap
° seam, in all shades. There am t
© many of 'em; the kind that sell for j
a . . $12 50, go at
o $6.95.
I MEN'S PANTS.
° In Dark Worsteds, strong, desirable
O goods, all sizes; the kind that sell
q for $2 50, go at
o $1.15.
? Fancy Worsteds. Tweeds and Cassi-
© meres, all-wool, neat, new patterns;
© the kind that sell for $3, go at
g $1.65.
% BOYS' LONG PANTS SUITS.
° Ages 12 to 19, in Tweeds; splendid
O winter garments; good, desirable
O patterns; the kind that sell for $9
~[ and $10, go at
% $4.25
O S! «rst n d d auTol^^s^
O wool, new goods; the kind that sell
! o for $12 50, go at
0 $6.15.
o BOYS' KNEE PANTS SUITS.
© Ages 4 to 14, in Tweeds, Cassimeres
> o and Cheviots, large reefer collars
I !: and Josle styles; the kind that sell
! O for $2 ,50, go at
% $145:
O Ail-Wool Worsteds, Cassimeres.
n Tweeds. new, strong, reliable ;
v goods; ages 4 to 14; the kind that !
O sell for $4 and $5, •
% $2.15
4%
o THE BALDWIN CLOTHIERS, 924 to 930 MARKET STREET, s
° Telephone Main 5654— Mail Orders Filled for Goods as Advertised.
oo ooooooooooo^oooo ooooooooooooooooooooooo^ooooooooooooo
BIDDING FOR
THE FAVOR
OF WILLIAM
Spain Wants the Em
peror at Madrid.
HAS ISLANDS FOR SALE
WILLING TO DISPOSE OF COLO
NIAL REMNANTS.
One of the Objects of Oermany's
Ruler's Visit to Jerusalem Was
to Reunite the Protest
ant Factions.
Copyrighted, IS9B, by the Associated Press.
BERLIN,' Nov. 12.— 1t is understood
in diplomatic circles here that Spain,
after the conclusion of a treaty of peace
with the United States, will try. to dis
pose of her few remaining colonies,
notably the Mariana Islands, the Car
oline Islands and Pala Islands, and it
is reported that the Spanish Govern
ment has already cautiously ap
proached Germany for the purpose of
ascertaining how much those groups
would be worth to Germany. The offi
cials of the Foreign Office here admit
that the acquisition of those Spanish
colonies would be of considerable value
to Germany, in view of their proximity
to Germany's Australian possessions,
but they give no inkling as to their in
tentiona in the matter.
The announcement that Emperor
William will call at Spanish ports on
his way from the Holy Land has given
rise to all sorts of political speculations,
especially in view of the statement that
the Queen Regent of Spain has decided
to send the Duke of Sotomayor ,wlth an
autograph letter to Cartagena inviting
the German Emperor to visit Madrid
and to rejoin the imperial yacht Hohen
zollern later at Cadiz. Such an invita
tion, however, could only be made, in
accordance with court etiquette, if its
acceptance had been previously se
cured, and it is certain that up to th<s
present the acceptance has not been
obtained. On the contrary, while it is
evident that Spain is keenly desirous
that the Emperor should visit Madrid,
and, in fact, attempts are already be
ing made to make capital out of th-»
fact that he will visit Spain, the For
eign Office here is doing everything to
throw cold water on the idea that his
Majesiy has any political end in view
in toifching at Spanish ports.
The Foreign Office appears to be
anxious to avoid any steps calculated
to wound public feeling in the United
States, which, it is fully recognized
here, would resent a visit of the Em
peror to the Spanish ports while the
peace negotiations are still uncon
cluded.
It has now become known that Em
peror William, among other objects in
view, desired to utilize his trip to Jeru
salem and reunite German Protestant
ism, now split into a score of factions.
BOYS' KNEE PANTS.
All-wool, all shades and patterns; ages
4 to 14; the kind that sell for 35c and
50c, go at
20c.
All-Wool Cheviot and Worsted Tweeds,
neat, new patterns: ages 4 to 15; the
kind that sell for 75c, go at
35c.
boys' REEFER" AND TOP coats.
A lot of odds and ends, different shades}
there are some pretty ones among
them; some of them sell for $3 50 and
$4. go at
$1.95.
Boys' Cape Coats, In Tweeds, Cassimeres
arid Cheviots, long capes attached to
. • them; the kind that sell for $5, go at
$2.65.
MEN'S AND BOYS' HATS.
In stiff Derby and Fedoras; there are
nearly all sizes of them; some among
them worth $2 and $3, go at
25c.
There are some better grades of them,
also in Derbys and Fedoras; some ex-
ceptionally line values, go at
45c.
MEN'S AND BOYS' GOLF GAPS.
Very pretty patterns among them; the
kind that sell for 25c and 60c, go at
15c.
SOME VERY PRETTY MIDDY
STYLES.
In all different shadps and colors; the
kind that sell for 50c, go at
20c !
MEN'S UNDERWEAR.
The fleece-lined, gray, heavy winter gar-
ments; the kind that sell for 75c, go at
45c.
Natural gray, all-wool, In medium and
heavy weight; kind that sell for $1,
go at >
65c.
and establish his office of Summus
Episcopus, now held merely over the
Evangelical church of Prussia, over the
whole of Protestant Germany. Before
starting for Palestine, the Emperor
thoroughly discussed the idea with the
highest dignitaries of the Prussian
church.
The Emperor firmly believed he could
realize hiß plan, but nevertheless the
project utterly miscarried. The Grand
Duke of Baden represented to the Em
peror that existing circumstances made
it impossible for the other Protestant
Princes of Germany to yield to the Em
peror's wishes. This abortive idea of
his Majesty, it appears, was responsible
for the fact that none of the reigning
German Princes was willing to accom
pany him to Palestine, although they
so far yielded as to send in behalf of
each of them an authorized represen
tative of the state church. The Em
peror, however, still cherishes the hope
that his scheme will eventually be re
alized, and he has frequently reverted
to it during his trip. In his dispatch to
the Grand Duke of Baden his Majesty
went to the extent of speaking of the
"Evangelical Church of the country,"
which really has no existence.
Emperor William, before leaving Da
mascus, made a speech in which he ex
alted Saladln as one of the most
knightly rulers of all ages and begged
Sultan Abdul Hamid and his three
hundred million followers to accept the
assurance that he, the Emperor, would
always be their friend. His Majesty
also commanded his military attache to
lay a wreath on Saladin's sepulchre,
inscribed: "To the memory of a brave
and knightly Sultan."
It is said that Emperor William dur
ing his visit to Jerusalem was struck
by the many French flags flying and re
marked: "France has a great many
buildings here, but there is room for
others."
Struck by a Street Car.
STOCKTON, Nov. 12.— John Shoemaker,
an old man, was struck by street oar No.
12, F. Neely, motorman, to-day, receiving
injuries which may prove fatal. Shoe
maker was on a bicycle at the time. The
street car was coming west and a car
riage just north of the car was moving
in the Bame direction. Shoemaker tried
to go between the car and the vehicle
and his wheel struck the steps of the car.
He was thrown from the bicycle. His
head was cut, his spine badly injured and
he received internal injuries. He is a
Janitor and 68 years of age. He has a
son, J. E. Shoemaker, residing In San
Francisco on Clement street, between
First and Second avenues.
Boasted to Death.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 12. -Joseph Boyle,
an eccentric character about the city, met
a horrible death this morning. He was
roasted to death in a room in the St.
Charles Hotel on Main street. Boyle had
been to a restaurant and eaten breakfast
and had returned to his room before day
light. He carried a lamp in his hand and
must have been overcome by a fainting
Bpell. The room was discovered in flames
and an alarm was turned in. A chemical
engine quickly extinguished the fire, but
the body of aoyle was found in a corner,
horribly burned.
Stamping Out Texas Fever.
SUISUN, Nov. 12.— Texas fever is nearly
stamped out in Solano County. Thia is
due to the extraordinary precautions
taken by the cattlemen. In every part
where the dipping process" has been re
sorted to the result 9 have been satisfac
tory. The leading members of the Stock
men's Association are framing an ordi
nance, which will shortly be submitted to
the Board of Supervisors for action.
California Press Association.
The executive committee of the Califor
nia Press Association held a meeting at
the Occidental last evening to arrange for
a meeting of the association at the rooms
of the Press Club In this city on Friday
evening next. The following-named gen
tlemen were present: T. G. Daniells of
the Alameda Argus, E. B. Willis of the
Sacramento Record-Union. Raleigh Bar
car of the Vacaville Reporter, A. B. Lem
mon of the Santa Rosa Republican, Q. M.
Francis of the Napa Register, J. A.
■ O
ODDS AND ENDS. ©
0
A lot Men's Shirts and Drawers, all ft
kinds, but not all sizes; they are all *■*
odds and ends, and go at O
20c. g
MEN'S SHIRTS. °
Men's Fine Fancy Front Dress Shirts, q
- cuffs to match; the kind that sell rt
for 75c, go at **
45c 8
Men's Fine Golf Shirts, all sizes and ©
very pretty patterns; the kind that O
sell for $1, q
45C. ©
Men's latest patterns Stanley Shirts, ©
collars attached, all sizes; the kind O
that sell Xor $1, go at - q
45C -■■ %
MEN'S ALL-WOOL SWEATERS, %
All colors, with .turtle neck, all sizes; *?
the kind that sell for 31, go at ©
65c £
All-wool, large sailor collars and tur- O
tie necks, all shades and sizes; the Q
kind that sell -for $2, go at qj
95C «
MEN'S ALL-WOOL HALF HOSE. o
o
In gray and tan, all sizes; the kind a
that sell for 25c, go at v
11 2 9 C. O
Men's Seamless Cotton % Hose, In ©
brown; the kind that Bell for 25c, O
60 Bt IA °
10c. o
Men's latest styles Neckwear, In 5
tecks, bows and four-in-hands; the "
kind that sell for 25c, go at Q
10c. . I
MEN'S FINE MACKINTOSHES, g
With large capes, all colors and sizes; r>
the kind that sell for $5, go at jT
$2.65. ©
O
A
Filcher of the Placer Argus and W. D.
Pennycook of the Vallejo Chronicle.
The meeting ut the Press Club will be
addressed by both General N. P. Chip
man, president of the State Board of
Trade, and Marsden Manson on the sub
ject of how best to promote the Interests
of this State. On Saturday the associa
tion will be the guests of. Harbor Com
missioner Colnon on an excursion around
the bay.
Truth may be stranger than fiction,
but it is less valuable in literature.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
catarrFcured
FOR $5.00 A MONTH,
MEDICINES FREE.
THE ENGLISH 'AND GERMAN EXPERT
SPECIALISTS cure Catarrh, also Consump-
tion in the first and second stages, and Chronlo
Diseases generally. They have been established
for 26 years and are Incorporated ' under th«
laws of California for $250,000.
Free Consultation and Advice.
Also treatise on any disease at office or by mall.
ENGLISH AND GERMAN SPECIALISTS,
731 Market St.. San Francisco, Cal.
TAKE ELEVATOR, Hours, 8 to i, daily.
Evenings, .7 to 8. ; Sundays. > to 11.
tThe advanced and chronio
form of
I NASAL CATARRH
' is the cause of other dis-
. eases. . -
Ely's Cream Balm
- is ■ recognized as a specific
for diseases of the mem-
brane la the nasal pass-
ages. Resort to Its use U.
you would be cured.
Cream balm is placed into the ! nostrils,
spreads over the membrane and is absorbed.
Relief la immediate and a cure follows. It la
not drying— not produce sneejtlng. L^rgo
50c; Trial Sire, 10c; at Druggists or by mail.
. ELY BROTHERS.. 66 Warren St.. N^w York.
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
«f* THf. Full Set of Teeth *:-
* I %ojh extracting free $5 00 op
r?*S\sr-bmrsP*' Gold Crowns 32k $<S° U P
jBl-^Jf JgJJj^ V" Fillings - -,- 25Ct3.up
9^lShk^6 Open Evenings & Sunday*
K^~WM££r& VAN VROOM
~^jUJrm!&SJ Electro Dental Parlors
*&& W^\ 'Sixth and Mark»t
W Or. G W. Klel*ar, Prep.
q visit OR. JORDAN'S o"*«
_sJL Museum of Anatomy
JBHBI lO6llimXTST.bet.etli*7tl»,S.?.Cal.
■ 'I i . ; The Largest otit» kind in U)« World.
1 Mj. 1 DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
llfWff V " Con lt»t!on free. Vrlti for B.ok
W I f Philosophy of Marriage.
It la ■'""' MAILED PRKC. -
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEAHNT AND WASHINGTON STS.-RB-
modeled and renovated. KINO, WARD &
CO. . European plan. Rooms 600 to $1 60 day.
16 to $8 week. $8 to $30 month. Tree baths; hot
and cold water every room: fir* crates la ever*
room; elevator runs all sight* - "~
910
INDIGNITIES
INFLICTED ON
ENLISTED MEN
Captain Choynski's
"Tab" on Soldiers.
HE IS SEEKING RETALIATION
FOR TESTIMONY GIVEN AT THE
INVESTIGATION.
Non-Commissioned Officers Reduced
and Their Lives Made Miser
able for Telling What
They Knew.
Every soldier and officer in this depart
ment is at prest ::t awaiting with much
interest the result of the investigation
that is being made by Lieutenant Ben
nett into the reports that have been cir
culated about the officers of Battery B,
California Heavy Artillery, .stationed at
Fort Baker. Lieutenant Bennett has not
yet completed his work of Becuring all the
evidence, but he hopes to finish it this
week. Until this is submitted to General
Merriam for his bonsideration nothing will
be done in the matter of preferring
charges agai^t the officers of the bat
tery- If General Merriam thinks that the
evidence warrants it he will order a board
of inquiry, or else he may appoint a
court martial for the trial of the officers.
Since the investigation has been going on
the soldiers say Captain Choynski and
the other officers of the battery have
made life anything but a pleasant dream
to them.
Last Friday morning Sergeant P. L.
Snowden was standing in the door of his
tent, when he was accosted by a prisoner
engaged in street sweeping. Snowden told
the man to move on. that it was against
the rules for a prisoner to speak to a non
commissioned officer. Captain ChoynskJ
witnessed the occurrence, and the next
morning sent for Snowden and reduced
him to the ranks, ostensibly because he
was caught speaking with a prisoner.
Sergeant W. Maguire. a nephew of James
G. Maguire, who was in the tent next that
of Snowden. was reduced to the ranks for
the same, alleged reason. ,
Both these sergeants gave evidence
against the commissioned officers, and
several privates and two non-commis
sioned officers assert that for that rea
son they were reduced t" the ranks.
In order to keep a "tab™ <m the wit
nesses, Captain Choynski and lieuten
ants Huie and Sprague have two clerks
stationed at a small bridge over a gully
who take the names of the witnesses as
they axe summoned to the tent where the
investigation is going on.
It is further declared by the soldiers
that last Monday Captain Chuynski, in a
fit of anger, took a pocket knife and
ruined a suit of Sergeant Clark while
slashing off the diamond a.nd stripes
which were his insignia of office. 1 ■"••:•
this Clark has threatened, to prefer
charges against the captain. Clark was
another witness.
Another significant fact mentioned by
the boys in blue is that every pass to
leave camp issued to a private or non
commissioned officer who has furnished
evidence to Lieutenant Bennett has been
canceled. Several applications fur passes
made since by witnesses have been gruffly
refused.
A soldier who was in a position to know
all about the affairs of the canteen de
clares that condensed milk In cans pur
chased by the men were sold at 25 cents
each, though the regular market rate and
the rate at which the canteen is expected
to dispose of them is 25 cents for three
cans. Other articles are said to have sold
at proportionate prices.
Two privates asserted yesterday that
Lieutenant Huie sat up aJI the previous
night working on the books of the can
teen, evidently in expectation of the court
martial to follow.
In reply to a published statement that
90 per cent of the men arw satisfied, one
soldier said: "If any man can go through
camp and find 10 per cent of the men not
dissatisfied, I will register a vow never to
make another 'kick' in my life for any
provocation whatever."
Rheumatism, kidney, liver diseases cured. Dr.
CorClD, Sanitarium, 514 Pine, or. Kearny. S.F. Caji.
Precita Valley "Wants a Park.
The Precita Valley Improvement Club
Is determined to have that little patch of
ground lying on the fork gore of Precita
avenue turned into a public park if agita
tion and petitioning the Supervisors will
accomplish the desired object. This vacant
piece of waste ground becomes a recepta
cle for foul water and refuse during the
winter months, and when permitted to
retain this offensive congregation of offal
during the summer months becomes a
breeder of miasmatic effluvia injurious to
the health of the neighborhood.
John T. Graham, the president of the
improvement club, has asked that the
park be improved out of the street fund
appropriation. If the Supervisors can lie
made to approve this the work will be
done; otherwise a special appropriation
•will have to be made for the purpose.
, In addition to this park project, the club
has done well for the property owners of
ADVERTISEMENT 3.
I PLAIN TALK TO
I WOMEN - n Avoided
! (First American translation from the twenty-seventh
French edition by Professor Declat, Paris.)
I IT EXPLAINS— What Every Woman Should
Know; What Every Woman Should Read.
;IT EXPLAINS— The Mysteries of Life; How to
; Mate Well; Be Happy in • Marriage, ■ and Have
! Healthy Children.
|| IT EXPLAINS— The True Reasons of Deser-
• tions, Divorces, • Elopements.
I Circulation in France during 1897, THREE MIL-
! f LION COPIES. It is only intended to reach the hands
( of the women who have a right to know • the .truth of
1 SEXUAL AND" SOCIAL SCIENCE., It will not under
[ any circumstances be permitted to 'gratify a ; depraved
;; imagination. The subject is a purely practical about
; which there need be neither mystery nor exaggeration,
I consequently IT IS NOT FOR SALE IN ANY BOOK-
♦ STORES. Popular edition can be secured by calling at our
j office or sending 25 cents. Will be sent in plain envelope.
} DR. ROUXEL,
; 323 KEARNY STREET,
J BOURSz^atrnto^ 811 M - i San Francisco.
A.
Ihe valley. Streets and avenues have been
graded, paved and sewered that would not
otherwise have been touched in years to
tome. Besides all this, the Folsom-street
electric line has been extended from Bry
ant street to Precita avenue at the re
quest of this club; and, still better, the
Market-street Railroad Company has
started its San Bruno line along Precita
av 'nun to Army street, thus circling the
valley with a line of street cars.
MRS. BOTKIN SOON
TO KNOW HER FATE
SHE WILL BE TRIED IN THREE
WEEKS.
Monday, December 5, Is the Day
Fixed — Prisoner Arraigned on
a New Indictment.
Mrs. Cordelia Botkin will be placed on
trial for the murder of Mrs. John P. Dun
nine before Judge Cook on December 5.
This date was set by Judge Cook yester
day morning on motion of the District At
torney.
Mrs. Botkin was called upon yesterday
to plead again 'to a new indictment. The
first indictment gave the murdered
woman's name as Elizabeth Dun
ning, and District Attorney Hosmer
went before the Grand Jury and
had a new indictment found containing
j lie correction. Ir consequence the pns
cnei was again arraigned and entered a
plea of not guilty.
Counsel for the prosecution then asked
that the trial be set for December 5.
There was no opposition and the conrt
consented. In the meantime the wit
nesses from Delaware will be brought to
this city.
Chief Lees denied yesterday that Daniel
Ames, the New York handwriting expert,
had been retained by the prosecution, and
stated that Ames' call at police head
quarters was in the nature of a triendl/
visit, not one of business.
UTAH CAVALRY RETURNS.
Troop A, Under Captain Came,
Reached the Presidio Yesterday.
Troop X, Utah Cavalry, under the com
mand of Joseph E. Came. which has been
doing duty for the past two months in
the Yosemite Valley, reached the Pre
sidio yesterday, where it will go into win
ter quarters. All the members of the
troops are in excellent health and have
enjoyed their outing in the national
parks.
A general court-martial, of which Major
A. K. Whitton, Eighth California Regi
ment, is president, and Captain W. S.
Barnes, Eighth California Volunteers,
judge advocate, met at the Presidio yes
terday morning for the. trial of Private
James N. Meadors on the charge of mur
dering Corporal James Dry.
A board of survey, consisting of Cap
tain ,T. E. Torres, Twentieth Kansas Vol
unteers; First Lieutenant M. W. Stock
dale, Eighth California Infantry; and
Second Lieutenant H. W. Emerson,
Eighth California Infantry, met yester
day to inquire into the case of Private
James A. Boggs. Troop M. Fourth Cav
alry, reported to have deserted.
A similar board, consisting of Captain
W. S. Barnes, Eighth California Infan
try; First Lieutenant YV. S. McNair,
Third Artillery; and Lieutenant H. W.
Kim:. - ( .n, Eighth California Infantry, is
inquiring Into the reported desertions of
Francis B. Bayn, Troop L. Fourth Cav
alry, and Clarence A. Howard, Troop I,
Fourth Cavalry.
The following orders were issued from
department headquarters yesterday:
"Second Lieutenant Henry C. Evans,
Third Artillery, is relieved from further
duty in connection with the general re
cruiting service in this city.
"Recruit John L. Kelson, enlisted in
this city, is hereby assigned to Troop B,
Fourth Cavalry, and will be sent to join
his troop at the Presidio of San Francis
co, Cal."
Ladles' taiior-made suits. Fur capes, cloaks,
credit. M. Rothschild. 211 Putter st.. r. 6 and 7.
PIONEERS'. RECEPTION.
Young Men's Institute.
The entertainment and ball that was
given last week under the auspices o£ the
board of management of the San Fran
cisco councils for the benefit of the new
headquarters was a very pleasant affair.
The programme included an address by
Edward B. Thomas, the president of the
board: tenor solo by J. C. Flood, comical
ities by W. J. Hynes. recitation by E.
Durkin and vocal selections by the Colum
bia Quartet. Then followed dancing until
midnisrht.
The lecture bureau will meet on the 20th
inst. for the purpose of arranging for lec
tures during the winter months.
The recording- secretaries of the councils
will be notified that if the quarterly re
ports are not in by the last of the current
month and the per capita is not paid by
the same time there will be trouble for
some one or some council.
The Juniors.
The committee of Abraham Lincoln
Council that is making up a Christmas
box to send to juniors who are in the
volunteer service in Manila is anxious
that those members who are not regular
attendants shall send in their contribu
tions.
The number of applications. that are be
ing received by Lincoln Council shows
that the members are taking advantage
of the present dispensation to Increase
the membership. This council will short
ly elect new officers and the prospects are
that the election will be a spirited one.
St. Patrick's Fair.
The St. Patrick's Bazaar that has just
run its course has realized a net profit
of $20,000, the largest sum ever realized by
a fair of that kind. Work will soon be
commenced on the church in the way of
external and internal renovation.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1893.
LOCAL PUNCHERS WHO WILL BATTLE IN WOODWARD'S PAVILION.
On Tuesday evening "Spider" Kelly will meet Gus Muller of the Excelsior Athletic Club in Woodward's Pa
vilion in a contest of twenty rounds, and as both men enter the ring in good condition the outlook for a hard fight
Is promising.
Kelly is a favorite in the betting at Crowley's, but Muller's friends are evidently holding off in the expectation
of getting long odds, which in all probability will not be realized, as Mulicr made too good a showing when he boxed
Tom Tracey at Sacramento.
The preliminaries to the main event will be good, especially the ten-round contest between "Kid" McFadden and
"Jockey" Maynard.
PRINCE HAL
SCORES WELL
WITH FLYAWAY
Las Palmas Beaten by
Swinnerton.
THE LAST COURSE UNDECIDED
TO-MORROW'S CARD WILL BE
WITHOUT EQUAL.
Large Crowds Visited Ingleside Yes
terday — Good Weather and Hares.
Betting on the Short Ends
Not Patronized.
It was a typical day for coursing at the
Ingleside Park yesterday. The card was
loaded down with good blood, and a
large crowd turned out to see the sport.
There were few short ends that won any
money, and with an exception in the case
of Irene H vs. Joy Bells, when they
touched the 5 to 1 notch, the odds did not
Startle any one. Las Palmas was billed
as a sure winner, but fell behind and lost
her chances in to-day's stake. Berneice
came up against Commodore Nash and
was beaten disgracefully by a score of
14 to 0. Border Ruffian did not make an
appearance on the grounds and Glcnrose
ran a bye with Ida, beating the latter.
Ida sold about a 2 to 1 favorite.
The course between Irene H and Joy
Bells was the sensational one of the day.
It was long, and some clever work was
indulged in by both bitches. Most of it
took place immediately in front of the
grand stand, and the Sightseers were
given an opportunity of looking upon the
essential maneuvers of coursing. For
speed and merit the course in which
Prince Hal and Flyaway were drawn was
perhaps the most Interesting. Prince Hal
lay back at first and let the other dog
score before he got down to solid busi
ness. His victory was not so easily won
after that.
Even money was put on the course be
tween Brutus and Soubrette. in which the
latter was successful. Moondyne II will
be close to, if not in, the final go on to
day's card. Yesterday he went out like
a shot, and Trink had no chance whatever
against him. Rock Island Boy made an
excellent showing in his course with
Flashlight and will be one of the favorites
in the game to-day. The first of the
course was composed of alternate pos
session of the hare by each dog, but after
a minute or so Rock Island Boy owned
everything.
Koo Lawn and White Rocket ran in the
last course. Koo Lawn sold favorite, as
it was believed that the dog stood no
chance against her. The result sur
prised everybody; Koo Lawn dragged
along like a yellow cur, and Judge Grace,
who has never permitted the public to be
fleeced in any manner, refused to give a
decision and declared bets off. It was
found that the bitch was full of milk and
in no condition whatever for the field.
White Rocket will run a bye to-morrow.
The results were as follows:
All-age stake — White Earth kennel's
Lottie M beat P. Rielly's Speculation; O.
Cronin's Swinnerton beat Penelope ken
nel's Las Palmas; A. and B. kennel's
Victor King beat H. A. Deckleman's o en
Roy: P. J. G. Kenna's Royal Buck beat
F. Moran's Snapshot; Russel & Wilson's
Glen Rosa beat Bartels Bros.' Ida; F.
Moran's Royal Prize beat Dr. J. Welch's
Sharkey; J. Farley's Mystic beat J. Mur
nane's Miss Dividend; P. O'Donnell's
Counterfeit beat A. McNeil's Master
Glenkirk: D. Hooper's Bendalong beat vV.
Perry's Campania; Larkey & Rock's Llb
A STRANGE ACCIDENT TO AN OFFICIAL.
Chinese Interpreter Jones Struck on the Head by an Iron Picket
Which Fell Prom the Roof of the Old Examiner Building.
DAVID D.JONES, official Chinese interpreter for the United States At
torney, was the victim of a singular accident yesterday, and his es
cape from death was equally singular. He was walking along the
east side of Montgomery street in front of the old Examiner build
ing. No. 510, at about 10 o'clock in the morning on his way to the Federal
building, when he was suddenly thrown to the stone sidewalk by a piece of
iron, which fell from the third-story cornice and struck him a glancing
blow on the back part of the head. The wound bled profusely, and Mr.
Jones was conveyed in the California-street patrol-wagon to the Harbor
Receiving Hospital, where his wound was stitched by the newly elected
Coroner.
Mr. Jones wore a stiff Dfrby hat, which broke the force of the blow,
otherwise his skull might have been fractured. Had the missile struck an
inch higher hfc would have been instantly killed. As it is he will be able
to resume his duties Monday
The building is an old one and built in the ornate style of architecture
of the early fifties. The cornice- overhangs, and above it was a row of
iron pickets fastened to wood. The wood rotted, a piece of the iron was
cracked by last winter's frosts, and the metal pulled away from its sup-^
port and fell, breaking in two on Mr. Jones' head.
As soon as Ashton Gardiner, the agent for the property, heard of the
accident, he had the picket rail removed.
erty Bell beat Saratoga kennel's Golden
West; T. Hughes' Irene H beat Pembroke
kennel's Joy Bells; A. McLaughlin's
Coolrane beat J. Desmond's Fielder; C.
Strehl's Star Pointer beat F. G. Fonti
man's California; Russel & Wilson's Vic
tor Queen beat O'Neil & Hanrahan's
Promise Me; H. A. Deckelman's o.d
Glory beat Russel & Wilson's Jennie 'Wil
son; J. Shea's Rathbone beat Max
Herzog's Little Delight; H. R. Baldwin's
Forget beat P. Rielly's Master Mat; Bar
tels Bros.' Mac's Melody beat John
Eagan's Billy Gladstone; T. Rodgers' Get
There (a bye) beat F. C. Klein's Mliss;
H. R. Baldwin's Forgive beat I. L. Sears'
Beauty; Lowe & Thompson's Prince Hal
beat P. J. G. Kenna's Flyaway; Pem
broke kennel's Terrona beat J. O'Dowd s
Mission Tip: Bartels Bros.' Rest Assured
beat H. A. Deckelman's Pet Kirby: E J.
Heney's Harkaway II beat Nally & Mor
ley's Lady Van; J. Shea's Young America
beat G. Lahussen's Wheel of Fortune: ..I.
Allen's Miss Alice beat J. Field's Santa
Bella; Pembroke kennel's Sylvanus beat
W. C. Badger's Phoenix II: P. "•„,**•
Kenna's Lawrence beat G. Smart s Silk
wood; P. J. G. Kenna's Fear Not beat
Gibson & Later's Gripman; J. Deans
Moondyne II beat Anaconda kennel s
Trink; A. Van den Burgh's American
Eagle beat Lowe & Thompson s Phoebe;
P. J. G. Kenna's Flying Bnck beat A.
Fanning-s Babe Murphy; F. Morans
Golden RuFset beat J. Hurley s Jimmic
Rix; White Earth kennel's Soubrette beat
H. R. Baldwin's Brutus; Joe Perry s Com
modore. Nash beat G. Reddy s Berneice;
A Massev's Hadiwlst beat Joe Parry's
Fedora; A. & B. kennel's Rock .lsland ,J3ov
beat J. Murnane's Flashlight; fsally &
Morlev's White Diamond beat Saratoga
kennels Silverado; J. Dean's Bnlhantine
beat W. Smith's Silverfoot.
A GREAT IMPORTED DOG.
Hurricane Made a Very Ctood Show
ing at Union Park Yesterday.
The feature of the day's sport yesterday
at Union Park was the grand perform
ance of the imported New Zealand dog
Hurricane, owned by W. C. Euben of this
city. He was slipped with Forget-Me-Not,
and led him fifteen lengths to the hare.
Hurricane, who worked his game beauti
fully, did not allow his opponent to score
a *'ngle point. He is played strongly to
win the stake. Following is a result of
the day's sport:
Puppy stake— J. Seggerson's Candelaria
beat W. J- Jones' Lady Marion; Pembroke
Kennel's Petronius beat T. J. Cronin's
Iron Duk«; T. J. Crania's Maid of Ball
r><-at W J. Jones' Rustan; Pasha Kennel's
Rollicking Airs, beat George R. Bubb's
Foremost; F. McComb's Little Joker beat
T. J. Cronin's Arab; \V. J. Jones' Prince
Jerome beat Belmont Kennel's Belmont
Boy.
Open stake— Belmont Kennel s Interest-
Ing beat T. Gaffney's Sir John Arnott;
F. McCarthy's Rosebud beat Eclipse Ken
nel's Eclipse; F. Moran's Van Kirk beat
George Farrell's Tarara; T. J. Cronin's
Thornhill beat Eclipse Kennel's Cross
patch; E. and E. Kennel's Hurricane
beat Cohen Terlin's Forget-Me-Not; E.
and R. Scott's Lord Byron beat D.
Kahar's Belle of Moscow; F. McComb's
Flush beat E. and R. Scott's Seldom; A.
Johnson's Tod Sloan beat Eclipse Kennels
Innisfallen; J. Monkhouse's Breach of
Promise beat Belmont Kennel's Mountain
Lassie; M. Nealon's Van Cloie beat J.
Kesky'fl Queen of the Hill; M.
Nealon's Van Knapp beat Yosemito
Kennel's Beauty Spot; E. and E.
Kennel's Vigilant beat W. C Collins'
Capadura; T. Butler's Susie beat S. W.
Smith's Crusader; F. McComb's Royal
Flush beat E. G. Parrier's Newsboy; T.
J Harringtons Peaceful Glen beat J. G.
Jones' Galivant; T. J. Cronin's Wild
Tralee beat A. Johnson's Lissak; Curtis
& Son's Blackette beat F. McComb's
Olein; Yosemite Kennel's Bonfire beat C.
D. Taylor's Cy; Eclipse Kennel's Diana
beat Moran's Flying Faster: S. E. Por
tals' Lightning beat A. Austin's Trinket;
Curtis & Son's McKinley beat «S. E. Por
tals' Laurelwood; G. Sherman's Faultless
Beauty beat J. Seggerson's White Chief;
J. Seggerson's Gold Hill beat Eclipse Ken
nel's Killarney Lass.
Howard Black, 26 Montgomery St., S. F. •
El Dorado Circle Installs.
At the last held meeting of El Dorado
Circle No. 12, United Ancient Order of
Druids, the officers elected for the cur
rent term wore publicly Installed in the
circle room, which for the occasion was
decorated with flowers and emblems.
There were present the past noble grand
arch, H. J. Goller, Past Grand Secretary
J. J. Mollison and District Deputy J. Hut
ton, who, assisted by Miss Hutton, act
ing as marshal, installed the following
named: J. Gosh, P. A. D. ; Mrs. A. Thorn
hill, A. D.; Miss G. Kerrigan, F. B.; Mrs.
M. Godeau, S. B.; Mrs. E. Wessell, T.;
Mrs. A. Muir, S. ; Dr. J. Artigues, concluc
tor; Mrs. O. Heiden, conductress; Miss
Acid, I. .G.; M. Olmedo, O. G.; Miss L.
Wessell. pianist; Mrs. L. Gosh, R. S. to
A. D.; Miss A. Werner, L. S. to A. D. ;
Mrs. A. Funek. R. S. to F. 8., and Miss
A. Parri, L. S. to F. B. There were many
visitors from other circles and after the
installation there was served up a genteel
collation, after which there was dancing
until a late hour.
AN OMEN OF PEACE.
Detective de la Torre Is No Longer
on the Trail of Dangerous
Spanish Spies.
A. de la Torre Jr., who was appointed
by the United States Secretary of the
Treasury during the war with Spain as
Assistant United States Secret Service
Agent for California, has been transferred
by the United States Treasury Depart
ment to his former position as Spanish
Interpreter and inspector with the special
board of inquiry for the United States Im
migration Service for this port.
During the recent war Mr. de la Torre
was In charge of the watching of reported
emissaries and sympathizers of the Span
ish Government, and recently he per
formed work in the unearthing of coun
terfeiting cases.
Amelia V. R. Pixley's Estate.
Emma C. Pixley, Edith Nelson, Mary
V. R. Morley, Herbert F. Plxley. Vera W.
Pixley, May M. Curtis and J. F. D. Cur
tis, devisees under the will of the late
Amelia V. R. Pixley. have petitioned the
Superior Court for distribution to them of
certain personal effects bequeathed them
by the deceased.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ' .'.;■."' '" : '~\ ■'■:';
PUMiH 1 lir BEFORE YOU
i I lifi wr* fl RTTV T7TTRNTTTTRFT
!ra 1 H M^n | eLm Our Store Piays an Important Part
XEBP ■■■■ M IB] *■ — — — i • ;n; n the Economy of Every Household.
Just take a walk through our establishment and get j^
posted — prices are marked in plain figures— Parlor Pieces, -<f^^^^^t*^Bb____^«
Bedroom and Dining-Room Furniture — you can call a sales- .' TM^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
man or you may examine the line yourself. COMPARE! — not I l_^3yi_ <s _lSp^_*^^_!^^^_^^ oh
only prices but quality and workmanship — don't buy
blindly — the day for extravagant prices for Fine
Furniture is past. When you go to the most fash- (JgEk|||§v "*^^^?^ * m
ionable concern in the city and pay fancy prices for Ji|£l og^^^^^^^^^^i «ls$ML
what you buy you know you are paying a good-sized m jj|||f I^^
margin of the amount for the name, the high rent 5 Mj^^fe^^l-S
and the extravagant style of the establishment. I ; &fflsZMM<
You know that felt is felt and potatoes are Jt 11 *' \
either line you have reached the limit. The y^iiMl^* ' i'
extremes you can get the BEST for jsM' Ml IV fwu ' _j_^__CT^^^^t^^^^'^"™^^*^^^^3_t_^^^^^~^^WP^f_Bß__J__J_BT - H I
Pattosien Company is doing a *±->.---. Jt '
..■r I _ •r ■ J • r- -r THIS MAGNIFICENT GOLDEN OAK SIDEBOARD— • . • ,:r.'
WOndertUl business in Furniture, beautifully carved— large bevel-plate mirror and i\ f%™9 P>A
Carpets and Draperies. COM- is worth almost double the price. One of the wonder- V.* J / ;fa I |
w "'r.. r . . . t . ful bargains that will be placed on sale to-morrow. SkL W ff IIS
PARE! We invite. Comparison Pattosien Company is the only firm in the . city that -"• M£ fg, | I W
... i r • j '■V^--:: gives bargains like this. S ! i?-r?ilj ' tt
its your only sate guide. ®_z r — ■ ■ - . > ..,,.-. ■-.-.•
f> A DDCTQ 16th Btreet
V/nnrL 1 O Mission Street
At San Francisco's Best-Lighted Carpet Dep't.
Tapestry Brussels Carpets. ..4oc 10-Wire Brussels 70e
Extra Velvet Carpets 75c Wool Ingrain 60e
Ingrain Carpets 32e Axminster Carpets $1.10
Body Brussels $1.10 Linoleum 35e
Moquette Carpets 95e 30 Made-Up CaPpetS— ln
Japanese Matting ail sizes, with border. Bring
12c, 15c, 20c, 25e measure of your room.
• ;
'.'. Catalogue, the most com- '<'• j^ffiS jar 4^""^s^ "'■' -
v^ou n Try v^us LomcrSj \n^rixe ( • Mm
WE ARE THANKFUL FOR LOW RENT AND SMALL EXPENSES.
ORCHARDISTS
TO CONVENE
AT FRESNO
Important Problems
to Be Solved.
EXCURSION RATES SECURED
PLANS FOR FREE CITY MARKET
TO BE ACTED UPON.
Eminent Horticulturists Present Es
says on All Branches of Fruit
Industry and Kindred
Pursuits.
President Ellwood Cooper and Secretary
Lelung of the State Board of Horticulture
have just issued the following call for
the annual convention of fruit-growers:
The twenty-third State Convention of Fruit
Growers of California will convene at Fresno,
under the auspices of the State Board or
Horticulture, on Tuesday, November 29, 189S,
and continue in session four days.
A cordial invitation is extended to all fruit
growers, shippers, packers, nurserymen and
others interested in horticulture and kindred
pursuits, to be present and take part in the
proceedings of the convention, and it is to be
hoped that every branch of the inuustry will
be well represented.
There are many problems that confront or
chardlsts that can only be solved by the com
bined wisdom and energy of the great body of
fruit growers working in harmony. At this
session among other matters of great import
ance to the producers that will be considered
will be marketing, and increasing the con
sumption of California fruit products. The
committee appointed by a special convention
to represent the producers in connection with
the free pub.ic market in San Francisco calls,
as instructed, a special meeting of all in
terested, whether growers of fruit or of other
perishable products, to meet on "Wednesday
afternoon, November 30, as a part of the con
vention, at which time a plan will be pre
sented by said committee for a permanent or
ganization to be acted upon.
Eminent horticulturists will present essays
during the sessions on subjects that are deemed
of the utmost importance to the fruit industry
in general, and all interested should take an
active part in this matter and attend the
convention. Ample time and opportunity will
be afforded visitors to visit orchards and vine
yards, also raisin packing houses in operation.
The State Association of County Horticultu
ral Commissioners will also hold sessions dur-
ing the week.
The Southern Pacific Company and the San
Francisco and Han Joaquln Valley Railway
Company will Issue excursion tickets to all
persons going to the convention and returning
at reduced rates from all points on their lines
to Fresno, provided a receipt for the ticket
purchased be taken at starting point. Thi3
will be countersigned by the secretary and will
entitle the holder to a return ticket at one
third the resrular rate.
The greatest care will be given by the
Fresno Horticultural Club, the Chamber of
Commerce, the One Hundred Thousand Club,
the Merchants' Association and citizens to
moke the visit of all in attendance of the most
pleasant character. Very respectfully.
ELLWOOD COOPER, President.
B. M. L.TL.ONU. Secretary.
Parties desiring to go r>y the San .Toaquln
Valley route from San Francisco should take
the steamer of the California Navigation and
Improvement Company, pier No. 3, Washing
ton-street wharf, leaving at 6 p. m. daily, ex
cept Sunday.
R. D. Stephens, Ellwood Cooper and
Thomas A. Rice, the committee on pro
gramme, have arranged for a number of
important papers, which will be of para
mount interest to fruit-growers.
Among the subjects to be discussed dur
ing the session are: Vegetation, market
ing, transportation, freight rates, distri
bution and the growing and curing of
fruits. One of the important topics to be
acted upon is the establishment of a free
market in San Francisco. Every phase of
Dining-Room Tables and Chairs.
The Golden Oak is the latest in Dining Furni-
ture — the antique is passe.
We make our bow to you with very much the
largest line of Golden Oak Dining Furniture in the city.
Such we are now showing, and such our continually
increasing business warrants us in providing. As for
quality and workmanship and finish, would state that
we exclude all the cheap features that are embodied in
so many lines these days; but the main strength of the
line is the invariable low price quoted.
the fruit industry will be discussed, and
every one directly or indirectly interested
in the subject will be greatly benefited
by attending the convention.
Dr. I. S. Eshilcman. Alexander Gordon
and G. L. Warlow have charge of the
local arrangements for the convention,
and they have made every preparation
for the comfort and pleasure of visitors.
Excursions to orchards, vineyards,
■wineries and receptions and banquets are
part of the pleasure programme.
SHALL WE RETAIN
THE PHILIPPINES?
DEBATE BY SENATOR PERKINS
AND SAMUEL M. SHORTRIDGE,
Proceeds Will Be Devoted to the
Women's Educational and In
dustrial Union.
As the question of the disposal of the
Philippine Islands has awakened a great
deal of attention, the Women's Educa
tional and Industrial Union proposes to
have it discussed thoroughly by men who
have carefully studied both sides of the
question.
The discussion will take the form of a
debate to be held in Young Men's Chris
tain Association Hall to-morrow evening.
The question will be, "Shall We Hold the
Philippines." Samuel M. Shortridge will
take the affirmative and Senator George
C. Perkins the negative Thu proceeds
will be devoted to the benefit of the union,
which needs more money to carry on the
good work it has begun.
The officers of the union are: Madame
Louise Sorbier, president; Mrs. Paris Kil
burn, Mrs. Nellie B. Eyster. Mrs. P. D.
Hale, vice-presidents; Mrs. H. I. Haber,
treasurer; Mrs\C. F. Kapp, recording sec
retary; Miss M. B. Sorbier, correspond
ing secretary.
LANGE AND IRWIN.
They Will Play To-Day at Becreatioa
Park.
To-day's game at Recreation Park
promises to be a beauty. "Big" Bill
Lange of the Chicagros is to play with the
"Babies" from Watsonville, and Charles
Irwin of the Cincinnati Reds is down to
play with the Oaklands.
This will be the first appearance ol
these great "stars," and all the baseball
world is expected to turn out. Surely the
game will be an interesting one. as both
teams, supported with National Leaguers,
could hardly fail to give a good account
of themselves. The line-up is as follows:
Oakland. Position. Watsonville.
Moskiman Pitcher •• »aiss
Sullivan Catcher Hartman
Bliss First base W. Lange
Irwln Second base .Franks
Lange Third base McCarthy
Schmeer Shortstop Albright
O'Neil Left Held : Palmtag
Donovan Center field Hayes
Hardie Right field Peters
Sympathy for a Pickpocket.
Harry Elmore, a pickpocket, was up be
fore Justice of the Peace Groezinger in
Judge Joachimsen's court yesterday on a
charge of stealing a purse from Mrs.
Sophie Hartmann, 2595 Howard street,
while on a Haight-Stiteet car on October
23 Mrs Hartmann, after giving her tes
t'imonv said she did not wish to punlsn
the young man for his sister's sake, and
the acting Judge reserved his decision till
to-morrow. Elmore was also up beforg
Judge Mogan for stealing a purse from
Mrs Janet Malcolm of Watsonville at
Thirtieth and Mission streets November
6, and the case was continued till to
morrow.
Park Music.
The programme to be rendered by the Part
Band to-day is as follows: • - - •
March "In the Surf Flynn
Overture, •'Beautiful Galatea 1 ........Supp«
Souvenir of "Bellini" .. ..Arranged by Godfrey
™£SF: " When S^SSw,
Descriptive fantasia on ' Drinking Songs>^ h ,
Introduction and 'chorus from "Carmen" -.Biz.*
•'Austrian Hymn" with variations...... Hay
Waltz. "Temptation" •:S^i
On votte "Elegante" "and" Forest" . / - ? rtel
Galop, "Through Field and Forest".. EilenbergFrom the Surgeon General
of the French Army:
During long, tedious marches, our
soldiers and officers found instant
from fatigue and hardships
when using the marvelous ionic,
Yin (Mariani; it prevented fevers
and sickness in the marshy and
unhealthy territory.
H. LIBERMANN, M. D.,
Surgeon General French Artnv.
(Marching of English Soldiers.
From ' % The London Sketch."
General Sir Evelyn Wood says:
"Regarding the infantry marching,
it -xas the best seen during my com-
mand at t/Jldershot, or since I was
first stationed there 28 years ago.
Many officers availed themselves of
the tonic and reconstituent properties
of the -well-known (Mariani Wine,
the most certain as well as the most
palatable method of inducing resist-
ance to fatigue."
The Fathers of the State Inaugurated
Their Social Season Last
Evening.
The social season of the Society of Call-
fornia Pioneers was delightfully inaugu
rated last evening at Pioneer Hall by a
large reception to the members and their
families. The occasion was in the nature
of an overture to the society's season of
lectures, which will b«Tin in about two
There waa a large assemblage of
the members of the society at the hall and
a deliß'niful time waa had In social inter
course. I>ancing was indulged in by the
young people until nearly midnight. Dur
ing the evening an abundance of light re
was served.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
t *S rAl L Cq
DOCTOR SWEANY
HE RESTORES LOST VIGOR AND
vitality to weak men. Organs of
the body which have been weakened
through disease, overwork, excesses or
indiscretions are restored to perfect
health and strength through his new
and original system of treatment.
It I.PTIKE cured by his new meth- |
od, without knife, truss or detention j
from work, a painless, sure and perma-
nent cure. TABICOCELE, hydro-
cele, swelling and tenderness , of the
glands treated with unfailing success. j
Contagious blood poison in any
of its stages thoroughly eradicated
from the system. Indies will receive
special attention for their many ail-
ments. WRITE If you cannot call.
No charge for advice by mail. He will i
also send you a valuable book, "Guide j
to Health," free of charge. Address
F. L. SWEANY, M. D., 737 Market
street. San Francisco. Cp.L
STANDARD MIXED
PAINT!
AT MANUFACTURERS' PRICE,
Per
i tJ Gallon
Reduced from $1 25 per gallon.
Color Card Sent Free.
Money Back If You Do Not Like It.
BUSWELL PAINT CO.,
302 Market St., Cor. Front, S.F.
Strong Drink is Death
DR. CHARCOTS TONIC TABLETS
are tbe only positively guaranteed remedy (or tho
brink Habit, Nervousness and Melancholy caused
by «rong drink.
WK (.I'AKAVTKK FOI'R BOXES
to cure any case with a positive written £«*»*"•
:t!> t •*•• or relun<\ thf> money, and to destroy tho ;
appetite lor intoxicating liquors.
THE TABLETS CAN BE GIVEN WITHOUT
KNOWLEDGE OF THE PATIENT.
CTDniIC fin I Ml/ «■ * Misery. Poverty
OinUnO UnlNrtaiid Ikeath. Upon receipt
of jio.Cfi r:a wii: mall you tar fi) boxes and po3l-
are written ■■■-. •:■■■ to euro or refund
GEOUGE DAHLBENDER & CO.. Sole Arts..
m Kearny st., San Francisco.
£+% TPfe © The p««ul.«
THE HOME REMEDY Sj'Si i
for FEMALE COMPLAINTS they** |
wring. lor all these palus, lrref olarUiej and difficultly no j
remedy on earth &ortfi Din, Kaiiljr applied by l^yher- !
equ»« -J;sf»moos3>ailO-I<!O M i(/K^i e ve»all pain
tg'K'^T^l '" T '» n '» < >r (J viirle» In 10 cilnutca.
tW^BJWji^i PronijiUy rclii>vfs Ileadachr, Ksui^.-i, lilond nud
R£?<-<Siil BUdiler Troubles, Faintnes3,Xervousnct*, Frar
r f^pC S/^il nn<i Denpouimcy. Curro Lpucorrbosa, Womb
Sin \t"om!> ar Ovurl?s In 10 minute*. :
Proni[it!y rrlii-v-t H^jfiachf.Nau^.i. Blor.d nnd |
: |«««1 . -rrlim, Womb |
Si*^*L J ui»® t ' Jiecr " th 9 "P!rit« and Vitalize* gJHJ
•■fr-^'Sfc — £rime Safe. Rurc and X3t?27
Abnulult'lv irankicMi. One 60 c;ut box will >MHr'
cr.mDi.te a cure in nroinary cm^.
stSjps all pain * ou> nY ATX »RtTCcifeTB.
C I Ufil ALL I Ails ur mciled in plain wrapper on receipt
IN 10 |||IOIEXl«!«&cKc M .a«.atop
Sold by Owl Drug Co., S. F., and Oakland.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ; : ' ['*"' /*- 1 '"'*'« :>: > : V* .'_''/_]"
v-a V JM fa V MEW »r HP pro Is 1 n| i " DESQaVI
;.v3k 7£j I k * I 1? i ■i g Ja |f A m k m bBE*&4
VINMARIANI (MARIANI WINE) is invaluable at
this season of the year, when, owing to trying cli-
matic changes, the system is especially susceptible
to attacks of malaria and la grippe.
MARIANI WINE is especially indicated for Gen-
eral Debility, weakness from whatever causes,
Throat and Lung Diseases, Overwork, Profound De-
pression and Exhaustion, Consumption, Malaria |
and La Grippe.
MARIANI WINE as a general tonic and invigo-
rator is unequaled. It gives power to the brain,
richness to the blood, firmness and elasticity to the
muscles, and strength to the entire nervous system.
Therefore is it described as a promoter of good
health and longevity. It contains absolutely, no in-
jurious properties, as any conscientious physician or
chemist will certify.
MARIANI WINE is an adjuvant in convalescence
and a powerful rejuvenator. For Overworked Men,
Delicate Women, Sickly Children it Works Won-
ders. It soothes, strengthens and sustains the
system.
SPECIAL. NOTICE.— AII indorsements cited in our advertisements are absolutely bona-
flde. The originals are on file and will be cheerfully submitted to the inspection of any and
all persons applying. . •
REWARD.— Mariani Wine contains absolutely no injurious properties. It benefits all and
Injures none. A reward of $500 is offered for information leading to the arrest and convic-
tion of any person, or persons, issuing false and malicious statements calculated to Injure
the well-established reputation of "VIM MARIANI." MARIANI & % CO.
To thos; who will kindly write to .MARIANI & CO., 52 West 15th Street, New York
City, will toe sent, free, book containing portraits and autographs of Emperors,
Empress, Princes, Cardinals, Archbishops, and other interesting matter.
Paris— 4l Boulevard Haussmann; London— S3 Mortimer Street: Montreal— 2B-30 Hospital St.
W. D. CREIGHTON
ARRESTED ON A
FELONY CHARGE
His Partner Appears
as Accuser.
ALLEGES FALSE PRETENSES
/_
SAID TO HAVE BORROWED ON
JEWELS NOT HIS OWN.
Postoffice Authorities Also Investi
gating an Accusation of In
tercepting Letters of a
Lady Guest.
W. D. Creighton, who with his son,
Douglas Creighton, conducts the Alexan
dria Hotel at 781 Sutter street, was ax
rested yesterday afternoon upon a war
rant charging him with obtaining money
under false pretenses. The complaining
witness is W. J. Holmes, at one time a
partner of Creighton's in the Sutter
street hostelry.
In the complaint Holmes states that in
April Creighton represented to him that
he had put. up a number of diamonds be
longing to himself with Harry Unna to
secure a loan of $125, and that the time
given on the loan had expired. He asked
a loan of $125 of Holmes, and promised to
either repay him within twenty-four
hours or turn the jewels over to him for
security.
Upon this promise Holmes advanced to
Creighton the sum requested, and accom
panied him to Unna's office on Kearny
street, where the diamonds were re
deemed. Creighton returned to the hotel
■with the gems and told Holmes he would
there lock them up, and Holmes could
have them upon demand.
Holmes declares that later he asked for
his security, and it was refused him, as
was his $125, for which he also made de
mand. Upon investigation Holmes ssyri
he discovered that the diamonds had
never been the property of Creighton, but
that he had borrowed them to use as col
lateral from Mrs. Mary E. Ironsides, who
resides at 521 Eddy street.
He again demanded of Creighton by let
ter that the money he had advanced him
be returned- or else the diamonds, but he
got no more satisfaction than upon his
nrst attempt. Holmes then began crim
inal proceedings against Creighton.
Creighton was arrested and was taken
to the Central police station, where after
two hours' incarceration he was released
upon $300 bonds. • <■■?' ■
This is not the first trouble between
Holmes and Creighton. In April Holmes
put up $950 in cash and went into partner
ship with Creighton in the hotel business.
Holmes was to be a silent partner and
the guests of the Alexandria knew him as
the manager. Creighton kept the books and
one morning Holmes woke up to the fact
that the hotel and all of the accounts had
been assigned for an alleged considera
tion, to the McCarthy Land Company.
Creighton's name appeared at the end
of the assignment but not Holmes .
After a couple of weeks Douglas
Creighton, the son, quit his job as as
sistant treasurer of the Columbia Thea
ter and advertised himself as sole pro
prietor of the Hotel Alexandria and
claimed that he had paid to the McCar
thy Land Company something like $10,
000 for the business which his father had
assigned for a fifth of that sum. Holmes
demanded an accounting, but. falling to
find satisfaction, commenced a civil suit,
which is now pending, to quiet the ques
tion of ownership title.
Creighton is also being investigated by.
the postal authorities, who are looking
into a complaint made by one of the Alex
andria's guests, charging him with having
intercepted letters addressed to her.
■ ♦ ■
INSPECTION AND PRESENTS.
W. G. Curtis Takes TJp His Annual
Task.
W. G. Curtis, engineer maintenance of
way of the Southern Pacific Company,
will leave here to-morrow morning on the
regular annual_ inspection of the com
pany's lines between Los Angflr-s and El
Paso— comprising all told about SSO miles
of track.
This includes an examination of the
company's property in all branches of the
service and a presentation of gold and
silver medals to tho road masters, station
acents section foremen, pumpers, etc.,
whose care of said property appears to be
moat meritorious. The percentages upon
which these awards are made are deter
mined by a committee of inspectors, com
posed of Mr. Curtis, Superintendent Burk
halter of the San Joaquin Division, Su
perintendent Muir of the Los Angeles Di- '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1898.
i vision. Superintendent Randolph of the
Tucson Division and Superintendent Fields
lof the Oregon lines. The inspection party
! also Includes the resident engineers of the
i divisions mentioned.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
' Judge E. W. Holland of Tulare is at the
Grand.
Captain Frank Barrett of Palo Alto Is
at the Lick.
Dr. J. A. Magulre of Santa Cruz is a
guest at the Lick.
W. Scaly and bride of San Mateo are
guests at the Lick.
Dr. W. S. Taylor of Livernjore is reg
istered at the Palace. •; ■ .
H. A. Kldder, Clerk of the Supreme
1 Court at Sacramento, is at the Baldwin.
■ B. U. Stelnman. ex-Mayor of Sacra
mento, is at the Palace.
S. J. Hall, a well-known Healdsburg
capitalist, is at the Rubs.
F. Arthur Shaw, a civil engineer of
Healdsburg, is at the Russ.
District Attorney Carl E. Lindsay of
Santa Cruz is at the Grand.
H. H. Pitcher, a prominent banker of
. Livermore, is at the Palace. -
Dr. R. de P. Rickey or the National
Soldiers' Home is at the Palace.
William Shaw, an extensive merchant
of Sacramento, is at the Grand.
L. M. Baird, a large shoe manufacturer
of Rochester, N. V., Is at the Baldwin.
J. D. Bradley, a well-known Merced
i real estate man, is a guest at the Lick.
John L. and Samuel Matthews, well
known cattlemen of Salinas, are at the
I Russ.
R. M. Shackelford, a large wheat
grower of Paso Robles, is a guest at the
Occidental.
David Henderson, the well-known the
atrical manager of Chicago, is at the
i California, accompanied by Mrs. Hender
i son.
Lieutenant Colonel James M. Marshall
has arrived from Lexington, Ky., where
! he has been stationed, and is registered
; at the Palace. <
W. D. Pennycook of the Vallejo Chroni
j cle, A. B. Lemmon of the Santa Rosa
; Republican and G. M. Francis of the
Napa Register are at the Occidental.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Nov. 12— TV. R. Beall of
I San Francisco is at the Gerard. J. A.
Mathison of Santa Barbara is at the
Gilsey.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
SACRED HEART CHXTRCH.
Cadets of the Parish to Hold Their
Annual Religious Exercises.
On Monday evening next, 14th inst., the
Sacred Heart League of the Cross will
hold its annual religious exercises. These
services, being the first of the kind held
in the new Sacred Heart Church, corner
of Fell and Fillmore streets, will take on
special features. All of the League of the
Cross organizations of the parish will be
in attendance and Company D, League of
the Cross Cadets, under the command of
Captain I. D. Dwyer, will attend in full
uniform.
A select choir will be In attendance and
Rev. Joseph Conway, the eloquent pul
pit orator, will preach on "Temperance."
■ ♦ ■
A NEW SCHEME. J
The City Asked for a Novel Fran
chise.
The Board of Supervisors will be peti
tioned to-morrow to bestow a peculiar
' franchise to L. A. Robertson & Co. The
I papers were filed with the clerk of the j
hoard yesterday, asking that a ten-year j
privilege be granted to erect and main- i
i tain iron "kiosks," of ornate appearance,
upon the principal business corners of the
city. It is stated that the kiosks will
each contain a person who will furnish
gratuitous information to strangers and
other inquirers; railroad timetables will
be distributed free, postage stamps and
newspapers sold, etc. A big clock with
the exact time of day will be located at
the apex of each kiosk, and picturesque
ads will appear upon the walls.
In consideration of the granting of the
franchise the company offers to give the
city two per cent of its gross earnings
for ten yenr*.
No mention is made of the number of
these kiosks that it is intended to erect,
nor the kind of advertising that will be
disported, the simple statement being
vouchafed that no repulsive or otherwise
objectionable matter will be displayed.
■ ♦ »
Lurline Salt Water Baths,
I Bush and Larkln «ts. Swimming;, Russian, hot
and cold tub bath*. Saltwater direct from ocean.
— -"^-H.
A Whaler, Libeled.
Fred Katsch, one fit the crew of the
whaler Balena, filed yesterday in the
United States District Court to recover
$604 balance alleged to be due him for
w.iRfH and his "lay" of the season's
catch.
PICTURESQUE
CHOIR BOYS
THE FEATURE
A Grand Festival at
Trinity.
TO BE HELD NEXT WEDNESDAY
MUSICAL SERVICES BY TRAINED
CHURCH CHOIRS.
Representatives From Oakland, Ala
meda and Berkeley — A Splen
did Chorus of 250
Voices.
The ninth annual festival of the Vested
Choir Association of San Francisco and
Vicinity will be given in Trinity Church,
corner Gough" and Bush streets, Wednes
day evening, next. The following choirs
will participate: Cathedral Mission of me
Good Samaritan, with 25 boys and 8 men;
St. John's, Oakland, 23 boys, 10 men; St.
Luke"s, 30 boys, 15 men; St. John's, 20 j
boys, a men; St. Mark's, Berkeley, 25 boys, '
10 men; Christ's, Alameda, 25 boys, 10 men,
making altogether 150 boys and 60 men— a
larger vocal force than was ever repre
sented at a former festival. Owing to the
excitement of the war, the festival was
postponed from May last, and the result
will be additional practice and much
greater precision in rendering the music.
The director of the association is W. A.
Sabin, F. R. C. D., and Its organist is
G. A. Albrecht of Christ's, Alameda.
Bishop Nichols is president and Rev. E.
S. Spalding, D. D., of St. John's, \V. A.
Sabin of St. Luke's, Frank M. Coffin, H.
H. Loy of Berkeley and F. M. French of
Alameda constitute the executive com
mittee. W. Rigby Jr. is secretary and A.
Y. Wood treasurer. The object of the
association is to encourage the introduc
tion of male choirs and for mutual pro
tection.
The programme of the coming festival
is more elaborate than ever before under
taken. It will consist of selections on the
great organ by H. J. Stewart, 8.M., or
ganist of Trinity Church, and processional
hymn, "The Son of God Goes Forth to
War," and Tallis' choral service, with
chanting of the evening selections. A
new "Magnificat" and "Nunc Dimittis"
by C. H. H. Parry will follow. Then comes
anthem by M. B. Foster, "O for a Closer
Walk With God." with soprano i ,o. An
address by the rector of Trinity Church
will be made. The offertory anthem will
be "The Lord is great in Sion." by W. T.
Best, and Mr. Stewart will play an organ
solo. After the offertory a grand "Te
Deum." a composition by the organist of
St. Luke's, will be given for the first time.
The rt-fesPional hymn will be "O Mother
Dear Jerusalem," the festival concluding
n-ith a grand postlude for the organ, the
great "Choer" by Giggant.
The festival promises to be a very great
event in musical circles. Bishop Nliliols
has signified his intention of being pres
ent, and will deliver a brief address. Ail
Episcopal clergymen of the vicinity will
be In attendance.
THE CBIMINAL INSANE.
Movement on Foot to Erect an Asy
lum for Them at Folsom.
The question of an asylum for the crim
inal Insane was discussed at San Quentln
yesterday morning by a full board of
Prison Directors and three members of
the State Commission on Lunacy— W.
P. Mathews, Dr. F. W. Hatch and John
F. Carrere. It was the sentiment of the
meeting that such an asylum was greatly
needed, and, after a general discussion,
the president of the Board of Prison
Directors appointed Directors Robert
Devlin of Sacramento and Don Ray of
Gait to confer with a committee from the
Lunacy Commission and draft a law em
bodying the 'deas of such conference, It
being generally understood that the asy
lum would be located at Folsom and
under control of the Board of Prison di
rectors. This draft is to be submitted at
the December meeting of the Board of
Prison Directors at Folsom.
The chief arguments in favor of select
ing Folsom as a location for the new
asylum are economy in construction and
maintenance thereafter, power, sewerage,
lighting and material and labor for con
struction being already practically pVo
vi Jed there at the prison. ; .-.
■ —i ■
Fire on Sutro Property.
A portion of Sutro's woods, in the vicin
ity of the Almahouse, was destroyed by
flames yeßterday afternoon. The fire
burned over a number of acres of ground,
but did little damage. The Fire Depart
ment responded to a call, but the flames
were subdued by cutting away a portion
of the vegetation in the path of the fire
and letting it die out of its own accord.
Its origin is unknown.
For the $ick Fund.
On next Saturday evening Fremont
Parlor, Native Daughters of the Golden
West, will give a dramatic entertainment
for the benefit of the Rick fund at the Na
tive Sons" Hall. 414 Mason street. After
the presentation of the farce there will be
a hop.
■ ♦ ■
Harmony Chapter Will Entertain.
Harmony Chapter No. 124 of the Order
of the Eastern Star will give a grand
entertainment and ball In Native Sons' !
Hall on Tuesday, the 22d innt. The com- |
mittee of arrangements has prepared an I
unusually fine programme. J
ADVERTISEMENTS. '-_ _;
ASTHMA
CURED
TO STAY CURED.
■ NOT A ' MIRACLE,
SIMPY A FACT,
AND ONE WORTH REMEMBERING,
During the Last Six Weeks Over
700 Sufferers Have Tried DOC-
TOR ROUXEL'S Asthma Cure.
Over 600 Continued the Treat-
ment. That Speaks for Itself.
The doctor wants each sufferer from Asthma,
Hay Fever or Bronchitis in this city to call and
get one. When asked regarding his reasons for
giving his remedy away in this manner he
said: "People are naturally skeptical about an
asthma remedy, and when you consider the
number of so-called 'cures' on the market you
can hardly blame them. Now I claim that my
Cure cures. It will Instantly relieve the most
violent attack. It has permanently cured thou-
sands who had been considered Incurable. If
I did not believe it why should I be giving it
away? The sufferer who gets a sample can
tell whether it is as I represent it. and it
doesn't cost him a cent. That is fair, isn't it?'"
It certainly doe* not look as if anything could
be fairer. Those living in the city or vicinity
must call at office. Those living at a distance
can receive free sample by addressing DR.
ROUXEL. 323 Kearny St.
Hours— ll a. m. to 4p. m. and 7toBp. m.
Sundays— ll to 12. -
Dissolution of Co-Partnership Sale.
r-~|3 $125,000
P\j:| WORTH OF FINE SHOES
/ y ? TO BE
A Js*K SOLD AT
(\#^iMiw less
W> V*l% THAN
MANUFAC-
]\J"'''^V. TURERS 1
%Nii _y %! *v^ cosr.
LADIES' FINE KID SHOES, CLOTH OR
kid top, lace or Button, new coTn toe. nil
sizes and width*, reduced to <{? I OS
LADIES' FINE DONQOLA KID SHOES,
lace or button, new coin toe, re- «f» I |f\
duced to OI.IU
MEN'S ALASKA SEAL SHOES, LACE OR
Congress, cork soles, reduced CO IK
BOYS' FINE CALF LACE SHOES:
Sizes 11*4 to 2. reduced to 85c
Sizes 2 : 2 to s*>4. reduced to HSC
CHILDREN'S DONGOLA SPUING HEEL
SHOES, sizes 5 to 8, reduced to 4»>C
The Above Prices Are but Few of the
Bin Bargains Now on Sale in A'l Our
Departments.
Country Orders Solicited. Telephone Jessie 1637.
THE MONARCH SHOE CO.,
1384 and 1390 Market St.
: Miller ■;■:
I Oil Stoves. \
«> 12 STYLES. <$>
I $5.00 to $10.00. ♦
J ICKELHEIMER BROS., *
<♦>
| 20 Geary St. %
<*> Near Kearny. ?
<$> <$>
♦ ♦■^^♦^♦♦^♦^^^^^♦♦♦^
Colored Glass Miry Bowls.! §*•££
Hand Engraved Cake Baskets. $1.70
Glass Butter Dishes, satin finish 750
Sterling Silver Sugar Spoons, with gilt ■
bowls v 1 •-«*
50c worth of Postage Stamps
; we give for 4Oc
WILL & FINCK CO.,
818-820 MARKET ST. f-
ISO F»MIIN! NO PAINI
3gj^ Lowest Prices in th» City
to£3^^^\ GUARANTEED.
WWB « TEETH WITHOUT
IMk £ J FLATES A SPECIALTY.
4Br ' JBSSn ?»i Full Set of Teeth, «-
'TI / Sk. tmctlng free..f-tJSO up
,' \J*» -jBBBgg ' Gold Crown«, 23k. ....... .
W»i^^\< 111111 * 8 "* So up
®fN3jjlU3 ELECTRO-DENTAL
{SKfijC\'%^?7^P Suite 7, Flood Buiidln*.
sipmi - «^w*«-. 809 MAHKET ST.
Office Hr«.— 9 a.m. to 10 p.m.: Sun.. 9 to I p.m.
14 and 16
Kearny Street,
Formerly 427 Kearny Street.
BADWAYS'S BKADY BKLIKF has stood
unrivaled before the public for 50 years as a
Pain Remedy. It instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds, Sore Throats. t Influenaa, ■ Bron-
chitis, ' Pneumonia, Rheumatism, : ; Neuralgia,
Headache. Toothache and all pains." Internally,
for Malaria and till Bowel Pains. All druggists. |
.■''"]'; ; .ADVERTISEMENTS. '
!CITYOF||||PARIS|
I DRY GOODS COMPANY. I
I BLANKET DEPARTMENT! &
| BLANKET DEPARTMENT! I
I SPECIAL SALE! |
♦ We will place on our counters, MONDAY, November 14, £
I 138 PAIRS OF FULL-SIZED BLANKETS |
I For Double Beds at the Following %
I REDUCTIONS: I
i 30 pairs, reduced from $3 50 to $2 50 %
<f> 15 pairs, reduced from 3 75. to 15 OO <?>
T . 18 pairs, reduced from 500 to 4CO t
T 33 pairs, reduced from 700 to (i OO X
% 25 pairs, reduced from... 750 to 0 J»O X
X 17 pairs, reduced from 900 to 800 J>
% The above are slightly faded on the borders, from being shown in the ♦
V windows in all other respects they arp perfectly fresh. As we do not x
x carry any imperfect goods, have concluded to close them out at the X
% above reductions. J>
I COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY PILLED, X
I CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, 1
I SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, S. F. %
| UNION SQUARE. . %
I . -
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE >
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE ■
MANCHESTER FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MANCHESTER, ENGLAND. ON THE
31st day of December, A. D. 1897. and for
the year ending on that day, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the commissioner:
ASSETS.
Loans on bonds and mortgages — $ 350 00
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 1.546.617 50
Cash in company's office 406 79
Cash In banks 316,86189
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 7,937 50
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and mortgages 8 20
! Premiums in due course of collec-
tion 236,506 IS
j Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for fire and marine risks 73117
Due from othor companies for re-
Insurance on losses already paid... 3,170 90
Total assets $2,112.490 13
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $ 72,229 4S
Losses In process of adjustment or
in suspense 73, 130 32
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 67.570 85
Gross premiums on fire risks, run-
ning one year or less, $1.0&2,597 14;
reinsurance 50 per cent 526, 44S 57
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,050,-
IP6 63; reinsurance pro rata 525,864 98
Due and accrued for salaries, rent,
etc 1,918 25
All other demands against the com-
pany 60,51137
Totai liabilities $1,317,973 82
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums $1,341,585 85
Received for interest on bonds and
mortgages 12 00
Received for tntereet and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 69,694 50
Total Income $1,411,192 35
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses (In-
cluding $112,428 13. losses of pre-
vious years) $ 6C0.452 S3
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 269.45S 67
Paid for salaries, fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 110,01135
! Paid for State, National and local
taxes 57.257 67
All other payments and expenditures 76.609 59
Total expenditures $1,1C3,545 !3
Fire.
Losses incurred during the year ....$ 695.949 46
Risks and Freiftlums. jFlre Risks, j Premiums.
Net amount of risks
written during the
year $ 154.134,320 $1,786,946 56
Net amount of risks
expired during the year 145.150.716 1,845,736 ZS
Net amount in force De-
cember 31, 1597 155. 644. 763_J, 103.093 77
GEO. W. WSNSUE7, U. S. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 2Sth
day of February, IS9B.
ROBT. L. WENSLEY. Notary Public.
L. B. EDWARDS,
Manag.T Pacific Coast Department,
323 CALIFORNIA ST.,
S\N FRANCISCO, CAL.
A miner in Bcranton, Perm. , who has resided there all his life, mA Wortced
to the coal mines ever since he was a boy of fifteen, and consequently is pretty
well known to hundreds, says that the foul atmosphere he Dreathed torso
many years in the mines, the gases . the damp and the cramped position in which
he had to work, caused his entire system to run down. " ily btomach suffered
moat," 6aid he. "I was induced to make trial of Ripans Tabulee, and in a
month I was very much benefited. I made a practice of carrying a few of the
magic Tabules or Tablets in my pocket regularly, bo as to be able to swallow one
on the first sign of approaching trouble ; but now, and for some time past, I
am, and have been, a perfectly well man. Many of my fellow miners are
familicr with my case, and not a few of them have learned to follow my ewimpi*
and always keep two or three of the Tabules in an accessible pocket, andtotaM
ana at tbe first sign of an internal disturbance or anything like a headache.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
CALEDONIAN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF EDINBURGH. SCOTLAND, ON THE)
31st day of December, A. D. 1897, and for
the year ending on that day, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed aa
per blank furnished by the commissioner:
ASSETS.
Cash market value of all stocks
and bonds owned by company $1, 031,533 25
Cash in company's office L 979 53
Cash in banks 92,587 45
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 23.734 13
Premiums in due course of collec-
tion 161,500 94
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for fire and marine risks 404 05
Due from other companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid... 638 88
Total assets .'...52,212,278 23
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $ 102,565 34
Losses in process of adjustment or
in suspense 64,243 00
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 18.256 68
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less, $1,005,051 15;
reinsurance 50 per cent 602,525 58
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year, $596,-
724 S7; reinsurance pro rata 442,707 46
All other demands against the com-
pany 59,22142
Total liabilities $1,179,519 46
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums $1,331,030 25
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans, and from
all other sources 71,502 52
Total Income $1,402,532 77
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses $ 699,022 44
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 270,742 54
; Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 87,614 35
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 37,91183
All other payments and expenditures. 70,009 48
Total expenditures $1,165,300 64
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year — $ 707.08S 92
Risks and Premiillns. IFire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount risks'
written during the!
year !$ 150,659,290 $1,655,573 41
i Net amount of risks
j expired during the year 157,698,679 1,771,936 94
Net amount in force De-
cember 31, 1897 ! 170,019,667 1,901,776 02
CHAS. 11. l"OST. Manager.
N. A. McNEIL., Assistant Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 2Sth
day of February. 1898.
H. E. FRANCK. Notary Public.
L. B. EDWARDS,
Manager Pacific Coast Department,
323 CALIFORNIA ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
Weekly Call, $1.50 per Year
1112
€AIS J RANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
ccrner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
£87 Hayes st; open until »:30 o'clock.
m McAllister street; open until 9:80 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until X 0 o'clock.
__ Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clcck.
106 Eleventh street; cpen until 9 o clock.
2526 Mission itreet; open until * o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open until 9 o'clock. _____——-
CHURCH NOTICES.
FIRST Church of Christ. Scientist, Central
block 223 Sutter St.. bet. Kearny and Grant
aye.— Christian Science Bible lessons, 11 a. m.
and 7-45 p. m. Subject, morning. "Soul and
Body"; evening, "Hezekiah's Prayer An-
swered " Sunday school for children, •11
a. in. Testimonial meeting Wednesday even-
ing at " o'clock. All are welcome. .
CENTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church, Mis-
sion Bt., bet. Sixth and Seventh— Dr. Charles
Kdward Locke, pastor, will preach. Subject
at 11 a m., "Believe Me." Subject at . :30
p m.. "la the World Getting Better? Con-
cluding Observations and Question Drawn."
Sunday school, 1 p. m. ; Mr. Rolla V. Watt,
superintendent. Christian Endeavor, 6:10
p m. Class meetings, 9:30 a. m.. 12:30 p. in.,
and Thursday, 7:45 p. m. Mid-week prayer
sen-ice Wednesday. 7:45 p. m. This is a peo-
ple's church. All seats free. Everybody cor-
dially invited. J. J. Morris, choir master.
James Hamilton Howe, organist.
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner Hayes and Buchanan sts.—
Rev. John Stephens, pastor; residence, 309
Halght st. Preaching at 11 a. m. and , :30
p m. Dr. W. W. Case will preach at- 11
a m and the pastor at 7:30 p. m. Topic.
"Ethics of a Political Campaign." Sunday
school at 12:30 p. m. . C. B. Perkins, superin-
tendent. Epworth League meeting at 6:30.
Prayer meeting Wednesday evening at 7:4 a
o'clock. The public cordially invited to all
the services of this church. Seats free.
Ushers in attendance. _
REORGANIZED Church of Jesus Christ, 320
Post Bt.— Preaching, 11 a. m., by F. M.
Sneehy; 7:31 p. m.. George S. Lincoln.^ This
Church was organized by command of God In :
1530. in fulfillment of Rev. xiv:6-7: Is the |
••Dispensation of the Fullness of Times ;
Eph. i:10, the "Eleventh Hour," of Matt.
xx:6. Strangers invited. All welcome. Chas.
A. Parkin in charge.
THE First Divine Science Church— M. E.
Cramer. pastor. Discourse at 11 a. m. by
Miss Nona Brooks of Denver. Subject, "One-
neas: There Is No Separation." Services
every Sunday in Yosemtte Hall, Native Sons'
building. Mason St., between Geary and Post.
Take elevator.
A FORWARD Movement— At the Strangers'
Sabbath Hcme, 643 Howard st., Methodist ;
Episcopal Church, between Second and Third ;
sts., Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson, pastor. i
10 o'clock, consecration class meeting; 11, \
subject, "Personal Responsibility," by the i
pastor; special music by the Misses Perkins; '
7:30, subject, "Heaven's Interest in Human j
Affairs. " by Rev. Clarence True Wilson. A.8..
son of the pastor; Miss Elsie Prebee will I
sing "Hear Ye, Israel," from oratorio of j
"Elijah." Frank E. Robinson, A.M., from
Moody Institute, one of Mr. Moody' evan- 1
gelistic singers, will sing at each service and j
have charge of singing during the week; |
service every night but Monday and Satur- j
day.
FRIENDS' meeting will be held at the new
meeting place, Swarthmore Hall, on Harrison
St., bet. First and Second, this first day
(Sunday) morning at 11 o'clock. Friends
■ and others are invited. Union Sabbath school,
3 o'clock p. m.. at Sunshine Hall. 934 Harrison
st., near Sixth. Come as a visitor or come
and take part.
THEOSOPHICAL Society — Public lectures
every Sunday evening at 8 o'clock in Fra-
ternal Hall, Odd Fellows' building. To-night,
"Fundamental Conceptions of Religion," by
Mr. W. J. Walters. Meetings for students
and enquirers Tuesdays. S p. m. ; Thursdays,
2:30 p. m. Lotos Circle for children every
Sunday at 2:30 p. m.
UNIVERSAL BROTHERHOOD— Lodge No. 7—
(Theosophical Society in America.)
(International Brotherhood League.)
819 Marker st. — Lecture to-night. "Socialism
and Brotherhood," H. H. Somers; Tuesday
night, "Man the Animal and Man the God";
Saturday night, "Brotherhood and Theoso-
Phy."
SUNDAY .MEETINGS.
AT DR. RINDS' Spiritual Society, 909 Market
St.; li, free, 2-8, 10c; Mrs. Barclay, Mr. Han-
Eon, Dr. Carpenter; Wednesday, 8 p. m.. 335
McAllister st.: all reading tests; home.
Monday, Tuesday, Friday, Saturday, 4 p. m.
SOCIETY Progressive Spiritualists, Occideptal
Hall, corner Larkin and McAllister sts. —
Sunday, November 13, 7:30 p. m., speaker,
Mrs. R. S. Llllie. Subject, "Some Thoughts
on Medlumship." Admission 10 cents.
SUNDAY night platform — Dr. York speaks at !
Scottish Hall, I-arkin St., this evening at 8
o'clock sharp, on "Inspiration the Night-
mare of Theology." voluntary collection;
seats free.
A— TRUTH seekers' anti-fraud spiritualist
meeting at Scottish Hall, 105 Larkin st., 2 p.
nr ; ballot tests, sealed questions and slate-
writing demonstrated; admission 10 cents.
NOTlCE— During the 3 weeks cf exposition will j
be at home forenoons only. MRS. IRENE !
SMITH, palmist, 1261 Jefferson St., Oakland. I
ATTEND Mrs. Eberhardt's spiritual tests, 8 |
p. m , Execlslor Hall, Mission St., bet. Nine-
teenth and Twentieth: 20c.
MRS. SEAL, spiritual and business medium;
circles Wednesday, 2 p. m. ; Thursday, 3 p. m.
280 Valencia st.
DR. LOUISE S. DREW will hold free test
meeting TO-NIGHT at 997 Market st.; con-
vincing tests. *
11ME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night, 10c. 605 McAllister st. ; corns skeptics.
MRS. HEN! : ROGERS, the reliable pioneer
medium, has resumed business at 1004 Market.
TEST meeting, 8 p. m., 10c. 335 McAllister St.
Stitt. Nita. Mrs. Bird. Harcrave. others.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing etherealizing
seance. 8 p. m.. 50c. 409 Leavenworth st.
MRS. D. M. COLBY. 104 M: Valencia St. ; sittings
daily, $1; circles Tuesday evenings, 25c.
MRS. EGGERT~AITKEN, test medium; sit-
tings dally. 120 McAllister St., flat I.
LEANDER gives tests to all to-night; positive
proof of spirit return. 313 Eddy st.
AT 641 Jessie St., to-night. Katie Heussmann's
test meeting, 10c; sittings daily, $1.
997 MARKET St.; test meeting by Miss Dun-
ham, assisted by good mechanics.
EDWARD EARLE. independent slate writer,
330 Ellis St.: sittings dally.
! MEETING NOTICES.
CAXlF^R3cL\~Lodge~NoTl, F?~and a! 11"
M.— The officers and members of the __%_
above named lodge are hereby notified Tf_jf
to attend the funeral of our late broth- /^r'
er, JOHN WESLEY GRIFFIN, In King
Solomon's Hall, Masonic Temple, THIS DAY I
(Sunday), November 13, at 2 o'clock p. ■m.
Master Masons and . friends of the deceased
are invited. By order of the Master.
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having
received applications to mine by the hydrau- |
lie process from George W. Allen and E. P. \
Thomas, in the Hangman's Gulch mine, near
Placervllle, El Dorado County, to deposit
tailings In Hangman's ravine; from Sam B.
Lusk and J. J. Millar, in the Sampson min-
ing claim, In Gold Lake mining district. Si-
erra County, to deposit tailings In a ravine
below the mine; from E. Reynolds and F.
Carter, in the Morrlstown mine, near Port
Wine, Sierra County, to deposit tailings in
west branch of Little . Canyon Creek; from
George .D. H. Meyers, in the Myers placer
mine, near Placerville, El Dorado County, |
to deposit tailings in Johnson's North Can- I
yon; and from Frank and Antone Leveronl,
in the Corsica mine, near Sierra City, Sierra
County, to deposit tailings In old pits, gives
notice that a meeting will be held at room j
59, Flood building, San Francisco, Cal., on
November 28. 1898, at 1:30 p. m.
1100.000 to loan on diamonds and sealskins; low
interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
ANNUAL meeting.— The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Honolulu Sugar
Company will be held at the office of the
company, 327 Market St., San Francisco, Cali-
fornia, on MONDAY, the 21st day of Novem-
ber, IS9B, at the hour of 10 o'clock a. m., for
the purpose of electing a board of directors
to serve for the ensuing year and the trans-
action of such other business as may come
before the meeting. Transfer books will close
on Thursday, November 10. ISSB, at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
4 MARKET Branch office of The Call.
Want ads and sobscrlntlons taken. .-•■■■ --
SPECIAL NOTICES.
TAKE notice — Dr. lana A. Kamama. M. D.,
of India will lecture before the Electro Medi-
cal Society Monday evening, November 14, 8
o'clock. Occidental Hall. Supreme Court
building, corner Larkin and McAllister Bts.
Subject, "Electricity as a Curative Agent and
Its Application to Disease." Come and hear
him.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co., 343 3d st,
BOYS' .home, 417 Harrison, free evening school;
board and room, $2 £0 per week.
DR. MACLENNAN cureß where medical art
full" <r iv ft- fee •Ilairnr>pi» Mm H»tr*>' -'
TO LEASE.
TO LEASE— house, 16 lots 'with"" house",
5 rooms and bath, large barn, suitable for
milk or chicken ranch. Apply ROBERTS, 1613
Market St., opposite Franklin. :
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 61 (50 cents
per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar Planta-
tion Company will be payable at the office
of the company, 327 Market St.. on and after
Monday, November 21. IS9B. Transfer books
will close on Tuesday, November 15, 1898, at
3 o'clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED— -
DANISH cook, 3 years' city reference; also
Norwegian cook, desire ■ situations. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
SWEDISH man and wife Vish situations,
country preferred: understands all kinds of
work. Apply MRS. NORTON, Swedish and
German Employment Bureau, 313 Gutter st.
WOMAN wishes work by the day or half day;
cleaning and washing. 2 Natoma st.
ELDERLY lady wishes situation to take care
of 1 or 2 children: is a good seamstress. Ad-
dress box 1922. Call office. :
AN experienced dressmaker, a good cutter and
fitter in the late designs, will accept engage-
ments in families at $1 25 per day; references.
Apply 1212 Scott st. •
DRESSMAKER, good fitter, will work in fam-
ilies at $1 25 a day. Address MRS. C, 4418
Nineteenth st. .
RELIABLE Norwegian woman wishes position
as first-class housekeeper In hotel or family;
reference. Address D. P., So? Howard st.
YOUNG American girl wishes position as nurse-
girl in nice family; best of city references.
Address A. 8.. 807 Howard st.
GOOD German Catholic girl wishes situation
as second or nurse girl: can speak and read
German; first-class references. Please call at
12j3 O'Farrell st.
BY an experienced nurse, to take full charge
of a baby from Its birth; best of references.
Call at 1410 Octavia st., near Geary.
RELIABLE girl wishes situation to do general
housework; best of references. Call or ad-
dress 66 Clementina st.
RELIABLE and experienced girl wishes a sit-
uation to do second work in good family.
Please call at 1259 O'Farrell Bt.
DRESSMAKER, good cutter and fitter, would
like engagements by the day. Call or address
1309 Lyon at.
YOUNG lady with a year's experience, would
like a job feeding printing press. Box 1943,
Call office.
GIRL would like a place for general house-
work: sleep home. 74.1 Central aye.
SITUATION wanted to assist in general house-
work. Apply SS9 Geary st. '
YOUNG woman with a child would like a place
as housekeeper or would take charge of lodg-
ing house. Box 1916, Call office. ■ j
YOUNG Norwegian woman would like work by
the day, washing and housecleanlng or any :
housework; is in much need of work. Call at j
435 Fourth St. |
GOOD chambermaid desires a situation; Is a|
good lroner and all round worker. Address |
C. C, 81 Natoma St., corner Second.
A NORTH German young lady Normal School
teacher desires a position as companion, or
to Instruct children in German; good home
an object more than salary. Box 1930. Call.
BOOKKEEPER, young lady. 5 years' experi-
ence, fully qualified to take charge of set of
books, desires position; also good stenographer
and typewriter: salary $30 per month; refer-
ences. Box 1931, Call
GIRL to go In as apprentice in first-class
tailor shop; can sew. 249 Seventh st., from
10 to 1. 5 to 7.
COMPETENT woman wishes to work by the
day; wash, iron or do housekeeping. 105
Ash aye., oft Larkin st.
RELIABLE dressmaker wishes work by the
day in families; first-class cutter and fitter;
$1 50 per day. Address box 1945, Call.
WANTED— A few more engagements in fam-
ilies by a first- dressmaker; references.
Address 589 O'Farrell St.
YOUNG girl wishes a position in light house-
work in a nice family Call Monday, 616
Linden aye., 9 to 3. X
SITUATION wanted by a woman for general
housework; good plain cook and laundress;
references. 26 Minna St., bet. Ist and 2d.
GOOD young woman wants a place to do gen-
eral housework. Please call or write 109V_
Germania aye.
COMPETENT woman wants to cook; willing
to assist with housework or wash. Apply
Monday, 1131 McAllister st. Wages $20 to $25.
WANTED— Position as stenographer by young
lady; competent, ■willing worker; 5 years' ex-
perience; can give references. For further
particulars address C. B. L., General De-
livery, Raton, N. M.
PACIFIC Employment Reliable help of
I all kinds furnished. 777 Market; tel. Clay 130.
I ELDERLY woman wants position in small
family to do light housework; good home;
moderate wages; city. Call or address MRS.
REED. 821 Shotwell St.
FRENCH girl with good reference wants a
place for second work and sewing; $20; coun-
try preferred. Call or address 1312 Sixth aye.,
East Oakland.
COMPETENT girl wishes to do cooking and
housework In small family; living with pres-
ent employer. 3S San Carlos aye.. nr. 18th st.
POSITION for chamberwork and sewing or
sewing by the day; good reference. Call or
address MISS REVEILLON, 10% Eighth st.
$100, CO to loan, diamonds, silverware; low rates;
private entrance. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
RESPECTABLE elrl wishes place in a re-
fined family; city or country. Apply at 3221
Twentieth st.
FIRST-CLASS German cook wishes position to
do cooking; city or country. 34S Third st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, good cook and not
afraid of work, willing and obliging, would
like a situation in city or country. Address
Seattle House, 106 M: Third st.
WOMAN bookkeeper, with some knowledge of
: typewriting and stenography, desires office
work; writes plain hand. Address box 1553,
Call office. "
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker will go out by the
day; ladies' suits a specialty; no children's
work; either San Francisco or Oakland. 526
I Eighth St.. Oakland.
WANTED — Position as working housekeeper In
family by competent, reliable woman; coun-
try or city. Box 1554, Call office.
COMPETENT woman, late from the East, de-
s'res position as dressmaker's assistant. Ad-
dress box 1534, Call office.
GIRL would like position as cook in private
family; city or country. Call or address 1225
York st.
■ —————— — — —
REFINED woman wants position as children's
nurse; first-class seamstress. Address A. 8.,
Call branch office, 615 Larkin at.
SITUATIONS WftriTtfilr mMM
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary; tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414*4 O'Farrell st. : tel. East 421.
I SITUATION wanted by farmer and wife;
American; can trust them anywhere; finest
reierejice. Box 1911, Call office.
ELDERLY man, hand i with tools, wants a
good home; work must be light. Address H.
W., 10 Anthony St., city.
! COOK and wife, first class, want positions
in hotel; country preferred; work reasonable;
wife to assist in kitchen or chamberwork;
strictly temperate. 802 Montgomery St.,
room 21. '
FIRST-CLASS wrapper wants a position for
the holidays. Box 1543, Call office.
TO Hotel Managers — Wanted, position as waiter
by a strictly sober and . reliable man. Box
1928, Call office.
I MIDDLE-AGED man, strong and willing,
j would like a situation; is a good carpenter
and old-time blacksmith; country town or
ranch preferred. Box 1919, Call office.
COMPETENT hotel man wants steady situation
as chef or steward; economical, sober, clean;
moderate salary. Address KERSTEN, 1511
Powell st.
YOUNG man wants situation; understands care
of horses, cows, garden; reference; state the
wages. J. A MACDONALD, 214 Third st. j
WANTED— Position as club maker with golf
club by a first-class club maker. Address
Club Maker, 328 Golden Gate aye.
PAINTER and paper hanger, first-class,- quick
workman, with tools, wants work; day or
Job; city or country; best references. Box
1524, Call office.
YOUNG man. German, would like situation
to drive wagon; bakery or milk rtuite; milk
route preferred. Address box 1938, Call.
BUTLER — Highly recommended, trustworthy
Japanese wants a position In lirst-c'ass fam-
ily; either city or country. Box 1946. Call.
JAPANESE boy wants a place as a school
boy: wages no object. E. 11., 520 OTarrell st.
GARDENER wants to take charge of a gen-
tleman's private grounds; understands .the
laying out of new grounds and the renova-
tion of old also; 26 years old; married; no
children; would take charire of house and
grounds In absence of family; first-class ref-
erences. Address box 1907, call office.
SITUATION wanted as engineer: thoroughly
understands marine engines and horizontal
. engines, gas engines and the running of
dynamos; 5 years last situation; good refer-
ences. Boa 1903, Call office.
$100, GOO to loan on safes, buggies, oil paint
urlctest privacy. Uncle Harris. 15 '.rant aye.
SITUATION in grocery store or like busi-
ness; clerk or other work In small hotel or
lodging house for board and lodging; high-
est references. Address Box 1536. Call office.
SITUATION by a first-class cook In a hospital.
Institution or good lunch house; has many
years' experience in • all its branches. Box
1906, Call.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 13, IS9B.
SITUATIONS WANTED- Continued.
WANTED — By a young married man to take
charge of small winery and vineyard. Ad-
dress H. B-. 609 Post St.
UNDERTAKER and upholsterer wants work:
all round furniture man. Apply 938 Mission.
POSITION wanted as nurse in sanitarium, hos-
pital or otherwise. Address box 1533. Call.
YOUNG Dane wishes situation as coachman;
understands good care of horses and garden;
first-class references. Address box 1547. Call.
WINCHESTER House. 4» Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms, 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $1
week; convenient and respectable; fre* bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WA.MKI)- FKSIALE-
TEN waitresses, city and country hotels, $20,
$22 50 and $25; waitress, first-class commer-
cial hotel, country, $25; 2 waitresses, South-
ern California, $22 50 and special rates for
fare; 2 chambermaids to wait, city, $20; 3
lunch and dinner waitresses, $5; woman with
a child for chamberwork In rooming house,
$15; German cook for delicacy store, $25 to
$30; flannel washer to help starch, first-class
hotel, $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
GERMAN girl for country, $25, see lady here,
fare paid; 2 housegirls for Martinez, $15;
housegirl for nice ranch place, $2u; house-
keeper. Vallejo, $12; French housegirl for Cal-
istoga, $25, see lady here, and a great many
girls for light places, $12 to $15 to $20. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
LAUNDRESS, country hotel, $25; waitresses,
different country hotels, $20; girls for house-
work, Jamestown and other country towns,
$20; laundress, plain hotel, city, $25. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
WANTED— Experienced operator on Recce
button-hole machine; we have also a few
vacant machines in our white and flannel
ahirt department for experienced operators.
Standard Shirt Factory, corner Gough and
Grove sts.
SEAMSTRESS: quick worker; for plain sew-
ing; $3 per week. Box 1912, Call offlc-e.
GIRL wanted to assist In general housework;
wages $10. 782 O'Farrell s^
GOOD cook for small family; good place. 3529
Washington st.
WANTED— A middle-aged woman for good
home; small wages. 1537 Schiller St., Ala-
meda; broad gauge.
LADIES everywhere to mall circulars, samples
and copy letters at home; reply with stamped
envelope. Peerless Co., South Bend, Ind.
LADIES to embroider; good paying, easy
work sent to your home; addressed envelope
for sample and material. Empire Embroidery
Works, 23 Duane St., New York clty^
STENOGRAPHER to exchange light service
and pay small rent in exchange for part of
office; elegantly equipped building; fine loca-
tion; exceptional opportunity. Box lllZ, Call.
COOK and husband answered ad 111." 1 * Howard
st. Wednesday, call 946 Mission st., 11 a, m.
to-day.
EXPERIENCED operator on white custom
shirts. 127 Montgomery st., room 7.
WAITRESS wanted. 969 Howard street.
GIRL for housework; $12. Apply after 9, 720
Bay st.. near Hyde.
YOUNG girl to do light housework. Call 4041
Eighteenth st.
GERMAN or Swedish girl for general house-
work: good plain cooking; wages $18 to $20.
417 Central aye., near Hayes st^
GIRL for light housework; family of S. Call
after 10 a. m., 1514 Valiejo st^
APPRENTICES wanted on silk waists. 404
Turk St., room 13.
FIRST-CLASS pants finisher wanted. 428 Val-
lejo st. .
WANTEDa-A fir.«t-class finisher on pants. Ap-
ply at 146 Natoma st.
WANTED — An experienced cloak saleswoman
frvr a large retail establishment: state age,
reference, how lon*,' in different positions and
full experience to box 1944, Call office.
EXPERIENCED saleslady; also maker for
millinery. 461 Thirteenth st., Oakland.
Al SALESLADY for cloaks and suits; no other
need answer. Box 1947, Call office^
ASSISTANT bookkeeper, also to make herself
.1 in store. Box 1945, Call office.
LA.DIES". Don't fall to visit the McDowell
school. It Is the iargeat dressmaking and
millinery school this side of Chicago; the
McDowe'll system of dress cutting, late Im-
provement, Is the one that received all the
gold medals and diplomas; in our millinery
class we teach you the art of Btylish mil-
linery: easy payments; patterns cut 25c up.
The McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery
School. IC3 Post st.
YOUNG lady for clerk in bookstore: must be
experienced; give references, names of for-
mer employers and state salary' desired. Box
2104. Call office^
SKIRT finishers; only first claiss need apply.
ARMAND CAILLEAU, corner Geary st. and
Grant aye.
EXPERIENCED finishers on coats; good pay;
steady work. M. J. KELLER & CO., 1105-1109
Broadway. Oakland.
EXPERIENCED tucker; also hands on mus-
lin underwear and skirts; power. BAUER
BROS. & CO., 647 Market Bt.
$100,000 to loan; low Interest: private en.; gen-
tlemanly attention. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
PLEASANT, profitable employment for wo-
man of education. Apply 1203H Bush st.
WANTED— At once; lady and gent; pleasant
worki good wages; experience not necessary-
136 Sixth St., room 2.
LADIES and girls to do piece work at home;
steady emply; embroidery taught. ."46 Sutter.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery: positions
free: patterns. 25c up. McDowell's. 103 Post.
WANTED — Operators on flannel overshlrts: a
few inexperienced hands taken and taught.
LEVI STRAUSS _ CO., M% Fremont St.
LEARN sewing at KEISTER'B; good positions;
patterns. 10c up. 118 McAllister St.
HELP W A.\ I i;i>— MAI }..
MURRAY & READY Phone, Main 5548,
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
Want, Monday, 7 a. m.,
3 carpenters, steady job $2 50 a day;
3 shingle packers.
8 farm hands, different places.
2 milkers $25 and $30 and found.
Farmer and wlfe^ easy Job
2 boys to learn city trades.
6fp tie makers Be, lie and 12c each.
10 Italian laborers $25 and found.
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
COOKS Waiters Dishwashers.
9 cooks, $55, $40, $30, $25 and found; S waiters,
$30, $25 and $20 and found; 5 dishwashers, $25,
$20 and $15 and found.
Barber, country Tailor, country.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
BAKERS Bell boys Grocery boys.
2 bakers' helpers, $40 and $20 and found.
2 door boys for hotel- $10 and found.
Grocery boy. or young man, $15 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
L a:\NDRYMAN, country hotel, $25 and found;
boy for city butcher's shop, $4 week. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
TO the great yards and sawmills, 25 laborers,
no experience required.
—$26 and found.
MURRAY & READY,
— — _ 634 and 636 Clay St.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S, 104 Geary St.—
Wanted. Office open Monday, 7 a. m.
Teamsters, coast road-^ Free fare.
Laborers, cross cutters and swampers, $26
to $35 a month and board; part fare ad-
vanci d
Farmer and wife, $50 and found; woman
must be able to cook for twenty ranch handa.
ws».sh and make butter; steady place. C. R.
HANREN & CO., 104 Geary^st.
FRENCH second cook, $70: cooks, $30, $40 and
$50; broiler, hotel. $40; waiters, $6 and $11 a
week and $10 a monrh; waiter, country hotel,
gO. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FLANNEL washer. $20 and found; washer, $3.1
and found; 2 lauudrymen to run a country
hotel laundry. $70 and found: 2 Japanese
laundrymen for an inHtitutk'n. Sir. and found.
C. K. HANSEN AL- CO., 104 Geary st.
COLORED butler; $40. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary at.
BUTCHER for a large mining boarding-houHe.
must be able to kill, out. put up calves', pigs-
feet etc $()."> anil found; butcher, neat young
man. mostly cutting for a country shop, see
psirty here, $40 and found. C. R, HANSEN &
CO., H'4 Geary at.
NFAT bell boy, with references, $20 to $25.
C. X HANSEN A CO., 104 Geary st.
\\ v NTFD— First-class American bookkeeper.
Ft«'n >gra',iher and typewriter, single man, $7.");
.! miners. $1 t.-n. and other*. Apply to
,T p. CROSETT i CO., «2S Sacramento ..t.
FIRST-CLASS steward, $- r >o and found; oyster
opener $35; third cook. $35; German second
oook $25 and room: waiter, $S week; porterb,
dishwashers, bell boys and errand boys. Ap-
,4V to J. F. cat <SETT & CO.. 628 Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— AI premier on ladies' Jackets. DA-
VII'SON & MILLER, 7SI Market St.
EXPERIENCED furnishing goods salesman
and window dresser: state references. Box
1526, Call office. .
WANTED— Uov: must speak German. Room
4. JOHN HI Si'HLER, 255 Kearny st.
ERRA.ND and office boy. Apply Monday
morning. S:3'). HESB, 120 Sutter s»t.. room 77.
WANTED— A flrst-clasfi coatmaker; price $6
tip; steady 1"b to risht man. Apply by let-
ter I KdHERTSON, Merchant Tailor, Pla-
cervllle, Cal. ,
HELP WANTED— Continued.
12 YOUNG men for work on ships; no expe-
rience necessary. . At HERMAN-, 26 Steuart.
WANTED— Call at 8. Grant aye.,
YOUNG'S. Monday, between S and 10 a. m._
WANTED— A thoroughly experienced domestic
salesman. Apply to WEINSTOCK, LL BIN
& CO., Taylor and Market sts., Taylor-st.
entrance, this, Sunday. 1 to 4 o'clock. .
YOUNG grocery clerk; wages «$lO, board and
lodging. Southwest corner of Twentieth and
Hampshire sts. _______
GOVERNMENT positions— Don't prepare for
any civil service examination without seeing
our illustrated catalogue of information; sent
free. COLUMBIAN CORRESPONDENCE
COLLEGE, Washington, D. C. . '
WANTED— truss and bandage maker. 404
Sutter st. . -• ;
BOY wanted: ■ references required. E. H.
LEVY. 513 Market st. '
WANTED— First-class janitor. -Call bet. 4 and
5 p. in., 704 Howard st., room 25.
DISHWASHER— early at cor.- Twenty-
' ninth and Mission sts.. Switch Cafe. - :■:.
DISHWASHER wanted; wages $20. 15 Tihrd
street. —
DISHWASHER wanted at Model Restaurant,
1212',& Polk st.
WANTED— Dishwasher. 120% Taylor street.
PRESSERS: also operators on custom pants.
923Vi . Folsom st. ■ ■ .
STRONG young man to learn trade; wages to
begin with. Address box 123, Builders Ex-
chance. ■ _____
WANTED— Boy: references required. Call 10
a. m. to 1 p. m. Monday, 1022 Market st.
MANAGER— Good business manager with $1500
for Oakland; active man or .woman Vvltn
this amount will learn of a.i opportunity to
make $200 per month from the start; investi-
gate. NO VITA. COMPANY, 79 Dearborn St..
Chicago. •
$100,000 to loan on diamonds and jewelry; pri-
vate entrance. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
WANTED— Reliable men and women in every
town to work for us; neat, steady employ-
ment; good wages; no deception; no delay,
send us your address and we will send you
work Immediately. Address Standard Art
Mfg. Co., 142 West Twenty-third St., New
York City, room A. -
WANTED for the U. B. Army— Able-bodied
unmarried men between ages of 21 and 30.
citizens of the United States, of good char-
acter and temperate habits, who car. speak,
read and write English. For information ap-
ply to recruiting officer, 425 Montgomery st.,
. San Francisco. Cal.
FIRST-CLASS operators and tailors on jub-
tom coats. 106 Battery st. •
BOY from 14 to 17 years of age. Apply at 246
Sutter st ! —
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st.: 150 large
rooms. 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
AN energetic, sober and steady tailor with
small capital as partner In _.? T , of the best
country towns. Apply C. W. R. FORD &
CO.« 116 Sutter st. - '
AMATEUR musicians ror social purposes. 328
Bush St.. third floor, room 4.
BARBER shop running 2 chairs, clearing $20
a week, with 3 rooms, furniture; will give
trial. Box 1844. Call office.
WANTED — Harness makers and stitchers.
Leibold Harness Co.. 211 Larkln st.
COAL miners wanted. Tesla Coal Company.
828 Montgomery St., San Francisco. ■
WANTED— At Montana House. 764% Mission
St.. men to take rooms; in.-. 15c and 25c per
night; 60c. 90c and $1 per week.
TRY Llndell House, Sixth & Howard it*. ;
thoroughly renovated: 200 rms; 15c. 25c night.
SINGLE rooms. 15c, 20c. 25c per night; 75c. $1
to $2 50 per wk. Elcho House. 863& Market st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't H. Bernard, Sec.. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
MEN'S, fine calf shoes to or*r. $2 50; men's
solelng, 35c; only one price. 923 Howard st.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employment Office. S.
■ FUCHS. Sec, 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136^
MEN and women to learn barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College. 138 V. Eighth st.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 604 Davis St.. near Jackson.
SINGLE, furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room, 25c night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis at.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week. ..>
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast.
Australia.' Europe. -HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms. 25c night; readlnc-room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call Sent to any address In the United
States, postpaid, for >1 V> » year. ■
» AGENTS WANTED.
ACTIVE solicitors everywhere for "The Story
of the Philippines." by Murat Halstead. offi-
cial historian of War Department: written In
army camps at San Francisco, on Pacific with
Gen Merrltt. in insurgent camps with Aguln-
aldo, on deck of the Oiympla with Dewey. and
in the roar of battle at fall of Manila; bo-
nanza for agents: large. book: low. prices; big
profits; freight paid; credit given; outfit free.
Dominion Co., Dept. H, Chicago.
WE guarantee agents $50 weekly introducing
Instantaneous coloring process; colors silks,
satins, velvets, feather?, laces and all goods
In one minute: 1200 per cent profit: special. lo-
day offer. Comq Mfg. Co., Kansas City. Mo.
WANTED— Experienced salesman who Is well
acquainted with city restaurant trade. Apply
after Monday at Crown Mfg. Co., 15 Hermann
st., cor. Jessie. .
FEW canvassers for towns around the bay; big
returns. Room 14, 60S Montgomery st.
LADIES!— per day selling our new articles.
Call forenoon, room 1, 1206 Mission st.
AGENTS wanted for ft fast selling book. ' In-
quire 119 Bush St., room 3. any day.
LIVE, energetic agents to handle good special-
ty: Just In. Greater West Advertising & Nov-
elty Co.. I.IKKU Wn«h!netnn St.. Oakland
;. PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER wanted In old established hay,
grain, wood, coal and livery business: 25
, horses; price $1500, part cash; sickness cause
of partner retiring. Box 15S8. Call office.
FLATS WANTED.
COUPLE want "small flat, furnished complete,
or 3 or 4 rooms and bath In private house;
must be central, north of Market and close
to hotels: give price and particulars. Per-
manent. box 1914. Call office.
ROOMS WANTED.
TWO cheerful completely furnished housekeep-
ing rooms wanted: north side; not far out.
Box 1939. Call. '■
LARGE, cheap, unfurnished room wanted;
ntato rent. Address box 152«. Call office.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— Second-hand American silver watch,
open face or hunting case, in exchange for
key-winder: cash paid for difference In value.
Apply after 2 p. m., 8 Gough st.
WANTED— Strong, gentle horse and wagon;
must' be cheap. 105 New Montgomery st. ;
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern appa-
ratus- second-hand. I<W Montgomery ht.
lost. ; ~^ ~~
LOST— brown wolf hound dog puppy, four
months old;. has black muzzle. Suitable re-
word paid for its return to 2101 Van Ness
■ aye., northwest corner Pacific it.
LOST— Fat fox terrier bitch: big black spot on
her left foreshoulder. Return to the Fashion
Stables, 221 Ellis St.; liberal reward.
BABY oloak on Howard st., between Twelfth
and Thirteenth. Finder please return to
116 A Fourteenth, st. ■ :-V: -V
BAY mare colt, sore under right Jaw; last
seen Thirtieth st. Finder notify CLAUDE
E. MILLER. Baden." -
SMALL gold watch, November 11. bet. Green
st. and Fort Mason. Address ■ 2426 Van Ness.
DIAMOND pin lost. ' Return to H. BUSH, 734
• Montgomery St., and receive reward.
WHITE fox terrier with brown spots about
eyes, also on shoulder; name Spot;- $10 re-
ward. ' 17 Powell St., upstairs.
Japanese dog; answering name of Nip-
pon. Finder will be rewarded if returned to
511 Jones st. .
IN Oakland: Alaska' wolf dog and small red
setter bitch. Address N. WAGNER, 1027
Arch Bt.. Berkeley. ■ ' '" * -
DIAMOND ring and lady's gold scarf pin.
. Reward, 632 Market st.. room 6. • *>-.»,,.•.-*
FOUND.
$100,000 to loan ladles on their diamonds and
■ sealskins. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
FOUND on night of Nov. 8. horse and' buggy;
. owner can have same by proving property
and paying expenses. Apply 339 Tenth st.
TYPEWRITERS.
ALL tpewrlters ; sold . and rented; ■ few •■ partly
use. for sale • cheap; , send for samples and
Prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery.
A HAMMOND. $26: : Callgraph. $15; Yost. $25; i
: get .kmplo work. , SCOTT, 333 Montgomery st. 1
PERSONALS.
INFORMATION wanted in regard to papers of
the late EUGENE GUY. Please call or ad-
dress 441 O'Farrell ; st. ' .'■
A ARE T
R YOU O
E . BALD. U
We guarantee to restore dead, faded and gray
hair to its original color in three months;
I cures all cases of dandruff, eczema and falling
hair in two weeks, and guarantee to grow hair
on any bald head in 90 days, no pay till per-
• fectly satisfied; all we ask is your time for
! treatment; all forms of scalp disease- a
specialty; our remedy Hirsuitine guaranteed to
give satisfaction in every case. The Hirsuitine
Co.. room 31-41, St. Ann's building. 6 Eddy st.
I WANT an envelope self-addressed, and I'll
tell you how to cure drunkenness without pa-
tient's knowledge: don't send money. MRS.
MAY HAWKINS, Grand Rapids, Mich.,
Lock Box 131 "D."
MEN suffering from impaired vitality, weak-
ness, prostration, etc.. may learn free of a
prompt cure by addressing DR. MAD DOCK,
box 450, Fargo, North Dakota.
LEDERER'S Quinonia hair tonic should be
applied until the hair stops falling out; the
only cure; 35c a bottle. 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER, the leading hairdresser, charges
23c for the latest fads in halrdresslng; em-
ploys only artists; you are sure of being
pleased with the result. 123 Stockton st.
WANTED — Lady players, orchestral instru-
ments, to join orchestral society. Apply from
5 to <] p. m., MISS HUBERT, 1031 Broadway.
"PLAIN Talk to Women on Avoided Subjects."
First American translation of the French. See
large advertisement In to-day's Call, page 10.
RAO carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth, Oakland.
WANTED — communicate with milliners,
dressmakers and others who have been in-
duced to pay money in consideration of be-
ing appointed agents for a composition styled
Malvina Cream. Address P. O. box 2137. City.
ELECTRIC lights In every room: Winchester
House, 44 Third St., near Market: 200 rooms,
25c to il 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WALLACES system of dresreutting taught at
413 San Pablo aye., Oakland.
MRS. DR. SCHWARTZ, home In confinement;
treatment 52 50. 852 Castro, cor. 7th. Oakland.
SEE the handsome skirts and fur garments,
prices reduced, at HODGE'S, 905 Market st.
TOOTHACHE — Use One-Minute Toothache
Drops; for sale by all druggists; price 10c.
DRUMMERS' samples boys' suits, ages 3 to lfi;
manufacturer's cost. ii>7 Sansome, upstairs.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices;
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO., 115 Kearny.
HOME In confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Sth St., Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
DRESSMAKERS.
THE Keister Ladles' tailor square and square
for taking measures is the most perfect sys-
tem cutting ladies' garments; best school in
city; all branches of sewir>~ taught. Keister
Tailorln- College. US McAllister st.
DRESSMAKING, ladies' tailoring taught; S.
F. Dress Cutting School: tailor suits: ball cos-
tumes, house gowns, negligees, riding habits,
coats, capes, cycling suits; men and women
teachers employed. 916 Mkt., opp. Emporium.
TAYLOR. 23S— MRS. GRAY, stylish dressmak-
Ing; perfect fit guaranteed; evening waists a
specialty: reasonable.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— Elegant stylish dresses, $5
up: dresses made over. 3 Eddy st.. rrtis. 14-15.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are felling good upright pianos for $«
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method: -irlces are the
came as if purchased for all cash: bargains
In feood second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments ar.d some good pianos for US, $4 an i
$5 rer month. SHERMAN.- CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
fts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth acd
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largei-t house
weft of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell Bt. : pianos, organs and
■11 ether musical instrument* of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
YOU want a piano. Why not call on us?
SCOTT. CURTAZ PIANO CO. We rent, we
sell, we buy for cash. We own our own
building. We guarantee- anything purchased
from us for ten years. 526 Hayes st. ■ :-
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. sole agents for Chlck-
ering. Steck. Vose and Sterling pianos; easy
payments. 16 O'Farrell st.
DECKER & SON pianos take the lead, as they
ere best In quality, tone and finish: prices are
low. MATTVAIB. 7C9 Market st. -
A SLIGHTLY used high grade piano: secrlflced
for cash. Room 10. Flood building. '
UPRIGHT piano; cost new $300; 5 month-
ly installments. 115 Post st.
FINE, large-sized upright piano; noted make;
at sacrifice. Box 1921. Call office.
i FINE Chickering piano; cheap. Apply for 3
days at 1914 Filbert St.
AN elegant Bt^inway. uprttrht for J2io cash.
must Bell. KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzy. 30S Post st.
HAINES' Bros, and 'her first-class pianos at
reduced prices. W. t_. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
i $90— Elegant Emerson piano, bargain. Schmu*.
16 McAllister su. next Hibernia Bank.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap: brilliant,
powerful ton«(. HORNUNQ. 216 McAllister.
"AD" smallest; prices lowest; uprights. $7i up;
rents \l up. HEINE. 126 Ellis st. ■,
XX A BE pianos: new scale; new yles. KOH-
LKH St CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
_LI EKI«>K violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. - Latham placs.
4 MARKET RrHneh office of The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
FOR SALK- MISCELLANEOUS.
WHITNEY hammerless 10-bore Damascus
shotgun for $30; worth $75. At UNCLE HAR-
RIS', 15 Grant aye.
CHOICE fancy pigeons and ring doves cheap.
2029 San Antonio aye., Alameda. ■
FINE St. Bernard dog; reasonable. Address
box 1917. Call office.
j BABY carriage; nearly new. 1333 Eddy st.
ASK to see the elegant $39 diamond stud; origi-
nally cost 180. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ay.
STAR lathe; new 6-ft. bed; 4 ft. between cen-
ters; 12-in. swing; automatic cross feed and
tools; $140 cash. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
GREAT Dane and St. Bernard pups; prize pedi-
gree. St. George Kennels. 120 Douglass st.
ONE 37-ft. launch. 12 horse power, gasoline: 30-
ft. sloop; 21-! t. launch, 2 horse power, gaso-
line; 36-ft. launch hull; 60-ft. tug boat; bar-
gains: new and second-hand boats. H. EN-
■ GELBRECHT. successor to San Francisco
Launch Co., North Point and Stockton sts.
BARS back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand. J.
NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St..
above Sixth. -
4 DYNAMOS. 200 light, $150; 100 light. $90; 30
light. $40;. 15 light. $25. SMITH, 527 Mission.
FOR sale — 200,000 second-hand bricks; ; also
doors, various sizes. 745 Bryant st.
SAFES— Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
423 Sacramento st.
1 AND 2- bowl barber washstands. cheap. HUF-
M HTM IDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
BOILERS engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-19.7 Fremont st.
SECOND-HAND lumber; old buildings bought
and removed. Yard. Fifteenth and Valencia.
CAL Belting Co., mfgs leather belting, lace lea-
ther; pulleys cvr'd. 519 Mission; tel. Br. 331.
PHONOGRAPHS, $20; records, $5 per dozen;
project scope, $100. Baclgalupl. 938-952 Market.
j | { POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
'building material. 112 Mission; tel.. South 787.
SAFES— Bargains In: new and second hand; all
sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
HORSES.
60^lToitSICS^of every description at Emporium
Salesyardß. 220 Valencia St.. between ■ Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth; also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc.. at your own price. __^
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket 327 Sixth: auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
JUST arrived— 2 carloads of horses from 1200 to
2000 lbs. Offfldg-taUSnlesvards. 721 Howard.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
PPFCIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness' Co.. 211 Larkln. ,opp. City Hall.
— „ SEWING machines: .
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer and White
cheap:. repairing guaranteed. ■ 1915 Mission st. ;
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; 'phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. ; 205 Fourth at.
'■'''-.■ '-' . .^iffiSssKs
y LODGING UOLSJKS • FOX SALifi. :
A— KREDO & CO .....22% Geary st.
I Money Advanced on All Houses.
3 rooms; Leaven worth st. ; all new and
clean; carpets good; clears $25 $325
12 rooms; Market St.; easily worth $1000
will clear $65...."... 1...:...-...;..... ...... 450
13 rooms; newly furnished and well rented;
$350 cash, balance time........ 600
14 rooms; near City Hall; always full;
clears 475 , 800
17 rooms; very elegant; central; best tran-
sient in city ;. 830
23 rooms; Fifth st.; rent $43; monthly re-
ceipts $120; a snap 600
106 rooms; clears $3000 yearly; best-known
house in city; always fu11...;.... 4000
$300—37 rooms; best 25c and 50c transient;
clears $100. KREDO & CO., 22% Geary rt.
$1200—36 ROOMS; business corner; exchange for
small house; no ca6h required. KREDO & CO.
$400— CORNER grocery and bar: Mission; ex-
change for lodging-house. KREDO & CO.,
22% Geary &t.
12 ROOMS on Market; rent $40 450
65-room house; cost $8000; only 3500
14-room house; transient 400
64-room house; clears $300 1400
10-room house; only 150
21 rooms: corner; clears $150.. 550
46-room house: corner.., 1200
24 rooms; clears $100 600
14 rooms on Powell st. new / 650
22 rooms near City Hall 600
60 rooms; clears $100; only 750
10 rooms; all rented; business street 3ltu
100 rooms: corner; best on earth 6000 !
I HAVE HOUSES ALL SIZES AND PRICES. j
CALL; I CAN SUIT YOU.
H. C. DECKER.
1020 MARKET ST.. OPPOSITE FIFTH. ..
BE sure and see the following bargains:
9 rooms; new furniture; part cash $."10
14 rooms; near Powell st. ; Al furniture.. 800
24 rooms; rent $61; part cash 850
25 rooms: offices: near Chronicle; fine 1000
26 rooms; rent $35; corner; only 550
67 rooms; rent $125; clears $173 net 1500
WINSTON & CO.. 646 Market st.
30 ROOMS; north of Market St.; fine $1500
76 rooms; select: transient; corner 3500
2S rooms; rent $55 550
37 rooms; north of Market; clears $125.... 1500
10 rooms: all new furniture 600
IF YOU WILL CALL ON US WE WILL
SUIT YOU AS TO LOCATION, PRICE AND
SIZE OF HOUSE.
F. C. HYDE & CO.. 1206 Market st.
BARGAINS at National Agency, 7 Grant aye.:
10 rms. ; Hyde Et.. 5250118 me; Post 5t.... $6' 1 0
16 rms.; Third St.. 275137 rms.; Howard... 700
20 rms.: Geary st. 600 50 rms.: Bush st... 1250
100 others. National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
25 ROOMS; sunny corner; clears $100 $1250
21 rooms: fine location; clears $75 700
60 rooms; best transient; clears $200.... 2500
Some fine city and country hotels for sale
and rent: loans negotiated. EITEL, 1016 Mkt.
$300 WILL buy a 16-room house, clears $S0
per months. DECKER. 1020 Market St.
$400— SUNNY corner; 15 rooms: worth $1000.
For sale by DECKER. 1020 Market st.
A— ROAD house; best in the State. DECKER.
ir2o Market st. . ■
MRS. A. M. ELKINS, 927 Market St.. room 410:
'phone south 7Go— Rooming and boarding
houses, orlvate houses and hotels; best loca-
tions; city reul estate; room renting, fur-
nished houses, etc.; prompt and reliable; call
CHEAP— First-class boarding house. 23 sunny
rooms; all modern; central location; doing
good business; investigate. Address box 1532.
Call office. ■
WANTED— buy lodging house: 25 to 35
rooms; no agents. Address box 1546, -Call. ,
23-ROOM lodging house: central location; doing i
good business; a bargain. Box 1530, Call. .
PARTY wishes to buy or sell lodging house
and other business. BASILE. 873% Market- st.
$100,000 to loan on stocks and bonds; low Inter-
est. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FOR sale — The furniture In a 5-room flat on
Van Ness aye.; tired of housekeeping; every-
thing, in first-class order. Address box 1923,
Call office.
$200—221% Polk, hear City Hall; excellent fur-
niture of 7 rooms. -
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery In life; she
will show ycu how to overcome your enemies,
remove faintly trouble, restore l;t affec-
tions, unites the separated, recovers lost,
stolen or burled property; locates treasurer,
minerals; tells your entire life while in a per-
fect trance; perfect satisfaction guaranteed
'by mail. Send stamp for circular with spec-
ial terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms 26
and 26 1206 Market et..- gpp. Sixth.
I DON'T locate mines or reveal hidden treas-
ures nor tell lucky numbers in lotteries; I give
as good reading by cards as any one; 23c.
221 Sixth st. ,_ . - . ' ■ ■-.-• ■ :^-' -.
MME. LENEMAR, fortunes by planets: pre-
dicted rescue passengers steamer Gold. '74.
23% Sixth St.. room 3.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c week days.
324% Seventh St.- I
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and luture; 25c. 14S Sixth, rm. 10.
MME MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st.; near Mission.
CONSULT the lucky medium; 25c. 349% Minna
street.
MM?;. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: 25c up.* 5 Fourth st.
MRS. JEPSON tells past, present, future; L.
60c; G. $1. 775 22d. bet. West & Brush, Oaklnd.
MME. ETHEL GRAY, scientific palmist, clair-
voyant and card reader. 1049 A Market st.
MME. WALTERS, the great card reader: la-
dles 25c, gents 50c. 951 Mission St., nr. Sixth.
MME. SYBILLE. cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture, 25c: ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, hag opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
. I RITUAL ISM.
ATTENTION!
Returned. i
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE
Had returnei from her Alaska tour, and begs
to inform her patients, both old and new, that
she has opened offices at The Vendome. 1104
Market St.
This celebrated medium, the clairvoyant of
ai; clairvoyants, who sees It all. tells you all
and instantly gives you peace and happiness.
She never asks a question, but before you
utter a word she tells you in full of all that
you are interested in; business, speculation,
love, marriage, divorce, tells of your friends
and enemies. .
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance Is priceless. • Her "Revealed
Medicines." registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and ner-
vous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
Address or call MRS. DR. A. HOWE.
1104 Market st. (The Vendoms).
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, celebrated trance
test medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant,
cures disease with revealed remedies: consult
when others fall; sittings $1. 232 Stockton st.
DR. LOUISE DREW, medium & healer; hrs..
10 to 5: minerals psychometrized. 1027% Mrkt.
M. FRANCES, independent slate-writing me-
dium. 118 Haight st.
MRS. ELLIS; tests to all; Tues.-Frl. 2 p m.:
Mon.. 8. 25c;. sittings $1. 233 Valencia st.
DENTISTS.
A METAL plate for the same price as rub-
ber; full Bet of teeth, $3; crowns. ' $3; fill-
ings, 50c; teeth without plates a specialty;
written guarantee for ten years given on all
work; no students employed ; extracting free
when plates are ordered; consultation free.
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and
Mason sts. Entrance 8 Mason st.
A FULL set of teeth. $5; see new flexibls
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 60c: crowns, $3 50; all
work painless, and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth st.: telephone, Jessie 1132. .
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dentist,
discoverer of rainless extraction and ■ pat-
entee of improved bridge work or teeth with-
. out plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
SET of teeth. $5: fillings, gold, $1 up; silver. 25c
up; brldgework; plates repaired: all work
painless and warranted 10 years. New York
Dentists. 963 Mission St., corner Sixth.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors: full set
of teeth, $5 up; fillings. 23c up; all work pain-
less and guaranteed to stand; open evenings.
997. Market St.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth. $4; filling, gold 50c. silver 25c:
crowns $3; open 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. Paris
Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny st. ■
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable: "as given.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st. - ■
SET of teeth :•" without a plate. DR. H. «.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
BICYCLES.
SECOND-HAND bicycles from 9 up; new girls'
wheels. $18. new IW7 high grade $100 breyele
for $29; new tires, ; $2: new pedals, *1 %■> a pair;
repairing. JOSEPH HOLLE. 2 th and Folsom.
FOR SALE— Ladies' bicycle. Call at 1746 Fol-
aom st. ' _____——————————————.
HOTEL FOX SALE.
FOR'sale— Family hotel 78 rooms; corner; cen-
tral location: fine view; doing good business,
low rent- long lease. Inquire W. . HEN-
DRICKSON, room 614, Claus Spreckels bid*.
- BUSINESS CHAN £^^^"~
llwE^have buyer, to invest In any JJ e ltl __» t »
business; parties willing to sell g ive tv"t v " •
call. National Business Agency. 7 Grant aye.
$2.-0- PARTNER wanted in beer bottling busi-
ness; have over 300 customers; fine n°rs e9 »
' wagons, etc.: sure to clear $75 per montn to
each. National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
$•>>>— SALOON on Market St.; clears $75 per
month easy; must be sold this wtek on ac-
count of departure; cheap at $600; never such ,
bargain offered. National Agency. 7 Grant ay.
$200— COR. saloon; clears $50 month; a snap.
$225— Cor. grocery and bar; clears, $75 month.
$250— Restaurant: No. 1 location: clear $60 mo.
$175— Branch bakery; Market St.; rent $1».
$:00— Cigar store; receipts $12 per day.
Bargains at National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
$125— BRANCH bakery; pays well; big bargain.
National Business Agency. 7 Grant aye. .
A— WE offer to-day the following: • -
$2750— Saloon near Market. Al place; $1200— Sa
loon among wholesale houses, splendid busi-
ness; $650— Saloon on Fourth St., best loca-
tion; $650— Saloon in country town, a bargain;
$500— Cigar stand, full value in stock, down-
town; Cigar stand on Market st., promi-
nent location; $850— German book store and
route of periodicals; $750— Milk route, fully
equipped, trial given. WERTHEIM &
KERTH, 850 Market St.. corner atockton. ■■■ .
A-KREDO & CO 22% Geary «.
$1200-Delicatessen; fine stock of Imported
goods; best location in city; worth $2000. •
$400— Corner grocery and bar; living rooms;
I value in stock; look at this.
■ $430— Saloon and 10 furnished rooms; central,
worth $1100; cheap rent; clears $100.
$300— Branch bakery k laundry office and dairy
products; best in Mission: make offer.
GROCERY and bar; 3 living rooms; sell-
ing on account of sickness. N. LOW EN-
STEIN. 1623% Market st. y ' ' '
GROCERY and bar: bargain: account
sickness. N. LOEWENSTEIN. 1023% Market.
HOTEL to rent, fully furnished and equipped
in all particulars; It is now open and doing
a good business: located in one of the best
agricultural cities in the State; the best
hotel and centrally located; rent reasonable
to responsible tenant; $3000 capital required.
See J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento.
FOR sale— Half -interest in. hotel; county seat;
first-class commercial trade; making some
money: want hotel man;, take about $500; no
furniture to buy; 4 years' lease. Address
box 1924, Call Office.
AGENT well acquainted with San Francisco
retail trade wanted to sell line of Turkish
towels on commission. Address Manufac-
turer, 705 Temple court, N. Y. city.
$200— MANUFACTURING monopoly article;
used by every business house; no competition;
trade established; full investigation solicited.
Address box 1927, Call office. ■
FOR sale or exchange for improved or unim-
proved property, a business selling store and i •
office fixtures, doors and sash. Apply JOS.
SCHEERER. 23 Tenth st.
PARTY having $300 to invest In a legitimate,
business project can make $1500 in eight \
months; money secured. Address box 1913,
Call office. . - . -
LADY of ability with some means wishes edu-
cated lady having equal amount to Join her
In lucrative enterprise. Box 1904. Call office.
ONE of the best paying photograph galleries
in San Francisco for aale; centrally located;
full Investigation allowed. Z.. box 1923; Call.
$150— PARTNER, to open produce store; fine
location; no experience required. Address
box 1522. Call office. -■" '-{..-■-
BRANCH bakery and lunch parlor for sala
*• on account of sickness rent cheap. 1129
.- Mission st.
BAKERY and notions; fine trade; good
location; living rooms; rent $S. 1669 Grove ,
st., Oakland.
— CASH business; Market st. exchange for
city or country property. L. KESER. 2150
Folsom st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED bakery; oven, store,
wagon route; receipts $125 a week. Box 1918,
Call office.
EXPRESS business cheap: account of sick-
ness. 235 Dorland ■-<:., bet. Church and San-
chez.
CANDY and Ice cream parlor; good location;
bargain. See owner, 1524 Mission st.
FOR SALE and to rent, wood and coal yard.
433 Stevenson st. ; apply upstairs.
$65— RESTAURANT at a sacrifice; other busi-
ness to attend to. 27 Ninth st.
MAKE an offer — Half or whole Interest In best
paying restaurant in Oakland; present owner
there 7 years; reason for change, has whole-
sale business in San Francisco: clearing $200
month guaranteed: fullest Investigation and
trial before buying. Owner, Call, Oakland.
$275— BAKERY, delicatessen store for sale: do-
ing cash business; reason for selling, other
business to attend to; 3 living rooms. Box
1908. Call office. \: ;
$100,000. to. loan on . seclskina .and - diamonds; -
strictest privacy. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
SHOE store, with or without stock, for sale.
4102 Nineteenth st.
M'F'G business: small capital; protected ar-
ticle; big possibilities. 612 Examiner bldg.
CHANCE for any bright business man; will
sell half interest in cash commission business;
no night or Sunday work; seller In business
for 25 years and retiring. Box 1565, Call.
SALOON; 17 furnished rooms, all full; Is
a bargain: rent $20; horse, buggy, piano; .
clearing $200 monthly. JONES. 865 Market st.
$150 — HOME bakery; sickness cause of selling;
low rent; good location. Box 1542, Call office.
GOOD business chance — Restaurant and S-room
lodging-house for sale; cheap. Call or ad-
dress 325% Fourth st. .
FOR SALE— Only collateral loan business In
mining city of 10.000 population. Inquire of
MRS. G. S. HOWE. Grass Valley. Cal.
BAKERY, restaurant and coffee parlor' for
sale; good location. Inquire Call office.
— FRUIT and grocery store; fine business;
horse and wagon. 1678 Mission st.
COFFEE, tea and spice solicitors headquarters;
supplied as wanted at lowest prices. 107-109
Beale st. - • s'ci': 1:'1 :'-
MEDICAL.
ALL ladies will be glad to learn that MRS.
DR. GWYER has returned to the city and
resumed business; 'a sure and safe cure for
all female diseases from whatever cause;
all those who are sick or discouraged should '
call on the doctor and state their case be-
fore going elsewhere; they will find her a
true friend; home . for patients with every
comfort; satisfaction guaranteed by MRS. ,
DR. OWYER, 510 Eddy st. ' .
ALL cases of monthly irregularities restored
instantly (no matter what cause); safe and
sure at any time; my celebrated remedies and .
treatment have never been known to .fail;
travelers helped without delay; home In con-
finement; skillful medical attention; all those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable specialist free and confidential: strong-
pills. $1: guaranteed cure. $5. MRS. DR.
WYETH. 208 Turk St.. near Jones. , -
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies.
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed- any disease or irregularity: disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief."
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc • babies adopted; travelers treated: no
delay "self -cure sent: call or write; free: con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 1228 Market
- st ; pills, $1: very strong. $2.
ALL of Dr. • Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects- taken In time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 60 per box, sent free by
mail on receipt of price: consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 23
Grant aye.. S. F. A caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us. -
BE UP TO DATE. _^
Read the famous French book,
"Plain Talk to Women on Avoided Subjects."
Three million copies sold in France during
the year 1897. i Better than all monthly regu-
lator?, etc., combined. See adv. In to-day'
Call, page 10. ■ -■,
LADlES— Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills" .
(Diamond Brand). best: safe, reliable; take
no other: send 4c stamps for particulars;
"Relief for Ladies"; letter by return mail; at
druggists. Chichester Chemical Co.. Phlla.
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician: restores al-
ways In one day: safe and sure; no mcdi-
i cine or Instruments used; consultation free;
saves disgrace; pills and capsules.' $1; cure.
$5. By the well-known ladles' physician for :
37 years. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st. ". i
A TREATMENT that restores -instantly all
cases of monthly. Irregularities from . what-
ever cause; no instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office, $5: travelers helped instantly:
consult free: confidential: hours. 9 a. m. to :
5 p. m. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market st.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.; private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best .care and attendance; terms
moderate: infants adopted Into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles: no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
I expressed CO. D.: don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
DR. C. O. WISE, the ladies specialist. Office,
1148 Market St.. op. ' 6th nearly. Cut this out. •
$100,000 TO loan on bronzes, silverware: private
■ pnfrun™. ryrr.F TTVDPy? IK Print «ye.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free— W. P." ADAMS. 622 Emma
Spreckels bldg, 927 Market; charges moderate.
A Svi C K?o re * ; « dl « vorce . laws ; private. 'J. B.
EVANS. 14 McAllister, next Hibernla Bank.
L. 8. CLARK— Emms Spreckels bldg.. 92? Mar-
ket; consultation free: no fees In advance.CITY REAL. ESTATE.
G. H. UMBSBN & CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
PAYS BIG INTEREST.
$4500— Rents $546 per annum; 3 substantial
flats of 6, 5 and 5 rooms and bath each; only 6
years old: bay windows, brick foundation, etc.;
stone walks; street accepted; only 5 minutes'
walk from the City Hall; handy to Market.
Mission and Howard st. cars; 25x75; this 15 a
real bargain.
BUSINESS CORNER.
$3300— Very cheap; good location; corner on
Pacific st. ; 2 cottages, renting for $36 per
month; could be converted into store property
at small outlay; both streets accepted; 45x60.
OCTAVIA-ST. RESIDENCE.
$3750^ — A nice home: 8-story bay-window resi-
dence of 7 rooms and bath, etc.; 25x123; com-
mands marine view.
GOLDEN GATE AYE. LOT.
$3250 — cheap; north side, east of Scott
Bt. ; 137:6 to a rear street; owner might lake
less; offer wanted.
CONVENIENT TO UNION IRON WORKS
AND ROLLING MILLS.
$3000— Any reasonable offer considered; must
be sold to close an estate: corner 15th and
York sts; house of 6 rooms and lot 63x75.
TWO FLATS-GRAND BARGAIN.
$2800 Rents 1312 per annum: Pacific St.; 2
substantial flats of 5 and 4 rooms and bath
each; house can be raised and store put below;
business location.
FULTON-ST. BUILDING LOT.
$2250— East of FlUmore st. ; line location for
flats; 25x137:6; street accepted; cheapest lot in
Western Addition.
COZY WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGE.
$2000— Steiner st. : cozy cottage of 5 rooms and
bath and lot; will be sold on easy terms; small
amount cash, balance in monthly payments
same as rent; nice location.
ANOTHER CHEAP HOME.
Two-story house of 6 rooms and bath;
brick foundation, etc., and lot; handy to Mis-
slon-st. cars; small cash payment, balance
same as rent.
CHOICE WESTERN ADDITION LOT.
$1250— 1st aye. boulevard; 25x110; street ac-
cepted.
• A BARGAIN: MISSION COTTAGE.
$900— Price greatly reduced to make imme-
diate sale; only one block from Mlsslon-st.
cars; cottage of 5 rooms and large lot, 25x125;
easy terms.
CHEAP LOTS NEAR GEARY ST.
$500 each— Wood St., Vi block from Geary-st.
cars; level lots, 25x120: ready to build en.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate
Records," which contains a list of properties
for sale in all parts of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
-'•■'■■ V 14 Montgomery st.
A. M. SPECK _ CO.. 602 Market st.
$7500— A grand residence of 10 rooms; Presidio
Heights. 3309 Clay st.
$500— A K.-.irny-st. lot. 25x57 feet.
$550— A Treat-aye. lot. 25x122 feet.
$1500 — Cozy cottage (Mission); lot 25x114 feet.
$1500— Lot. 30x100 feet: Castro st.
$2000— Franklin st. ; large lot.
$2500— Sutler st. ; neat house and lot.
$316— Vallejo St., near Mason; 7-room house;
make offer.
$4600 — Three elegant flats on Folsom st. ; select
locality; rents $45; lot 26x122 feet.
$8000 — Grand 10-room modern residence on.
Vallejo st.: marine view.
$SOCO — Grand corner; 10-room residence, with
stable: Jackson st.
111.000— Eddy st.; 50x87:6; fair improvements;
near Hyde st.
$11,01.0 — Grand corner, 67:6x110 feet, with good
improvements; near Van Ness and Market.
$2S.oQO— Mission st.. vicinity of Sixth; good
Improvements! lot 50x80 feet.
• —Powell St.. corner lot. 65x70 feet; only
few blocks from Orpheum.
$30,000— st. ; 75-foot front, with 12
grand flats; this is a big bargain.
$30,000— Geary-st. corner; 57-t'out front: near
Poweil; fine improvements; rented under lease,
12400.
- $32.500 — Montgcmery-st. corner; 60-foot front,
with good improvements; will exchange in part
for nice residence. / .
$40,0e0— Eddy St. ; elegant new improvements;
100- foot front: rent? $300 net.
$60,000— Comer, 175x137:6 feet, with good im-
provements-block from Market St.
$75.0 C0 — Grand investment, within block of
Sixth and Market; modern 5-story building;
rente<i for $500; lot 73-foot front.
$110,000 — Grand corner, within block of Powell
nn.l Market rts.; lot 100x110 feet.
$125,000— Market St., wholesale district; grand
Improvements; only one-half cash; lot 45x136
feet; pays 6 per cent net.
A. M. SPECK & CO..
602 Market st.
NEW 7-room-and-bath cottage, now being
built, with lot 25x120, on Ninth are., between
California and Clement sts.; $25 a month; it
contains ail mo<iern improvements. JACOB
. MAN, 11 Montgomery^
$230 EACH— S3 monthly: no interest; lots 25x
114; only ', minutes walk from Castro st. cars; j
good lots to build on.
Lots In Sunset District, Golden Gate Park,
cheap, on $5 monthly payments.
$75 each; Jo monthly; level building lots, 25x
120; only 2 blocks from San Mateo electric cars.
JACOB HEYMAN. 11 Montgomery st.
(3SOIN $7 50. monthly payments will buy a lot 25x
100, with two cars: i block from the Ocean
Boulevard and electric n .1 '; cars as good as
a i^ouse and,"a nne health retreat; over 20
rars now belitg occupied. JACOB HEYMAN.
31 Montgomery st.
COTTAGE and lot with $1000 life insurance on
easy monthly payments. JACOB HEYMAN.
11 Montgomery st.
*50 DOWN and $10 monthly will buy a new 3-
room cottage, Including level lot; near Mis-
sion and 3oth sts. ; price $860; two sold in one
week. JACOB HEYMAN. 11 Montgomery st.
FOR THE SAME MONEY
You pay as rent we will give you a 7-room
and bath cottage in the Heyraan Tract, with
gas, mantel, porcelain tubs, finished basement
and frescoed rooms; streets graded and sew-
ered; take Misslon-st. car, transfer at 22d and
ride to Hoffman aye. ; ask for JAMES A. COT-
TER, resident agent. Full particulars of
JACOB HEYMAN. 11 Montgomery st.
TO LET— cars, suitable for family, near
Ocean boulevard; $."> monthly. JACOB HEY-
MAN. 11 Montgomery St.
niE CALIFORNIA TITLE INSURANCE AND
TRUST COMPANY.
Issues policies of insurance upon realty titles
which guarantee purchasers and their heirs
against losses from defective searches.
The company has a paid-up capital of $250,000
anil a reserve fund of $25,000, which amply
guarantees every policy.
The leading banks accept its policies and loan
money upon the property of which the title is
Insured without other search.
Having a complete abstract plant, the com-
pany is able to make and continue abstracts for
_c of attorneys at shortest possible notice.
This company has established a Tax Regis-
tration Bureau whereby It procures and set-
tles your taxes.
We see that bills are made out in your name,
i.nd not that of some former owner. We see
four taxes are paid In two installments. That
i'ou are advised of all street assessments and
Incumbrances and make a guaranteed report to
fou in December of each year of the condition
3f your property. Our fee is $3 per lot for each
rear. It Is worth more than that to save going
to the City Hall and trying to get your own
bills and pay them. Special rates for each
other adjoining property and for a large num-
ber of properties. ■ '
This company also undertakes the care of
mortgages for its customers, relieving them
from all concern as to insurance, taxes and
payment of interest.
Money loaned on real estate at current rates
of Interest.
Office— building, San Francuco.
A. T. SPOTTS Manager.
O. F. YON RHEIN _ CO ~~
513 California st.
IMPROVED.
45:10x137:6; full water lot; Improved; leased
tor 6 years at $250 per month.
Montgomery aye. through to 'ashington St.;
brick Improvements; rents $190.
137:6x137:6: corner of Leaven worth and Green-
wich 's.: 10 rooms and bath: rents $50; $12,000.
25x90; Turk St., near - ->ma; 3 new flats;
$11 -00.
. 23x77: Jackson, near Taylor; rents $76; $8800.
25x82:6; Hayes, near Steiner; flats; rent $42 GO;
modern bay-window; $5750.
20x57:6: Corner Dupont and Hinckley; store
and l'-'tiglng-house: rents $R5; $10,000.
21x67:9: Powell, near Vallejo; rent $18; $6250.
24:3x6!»:9; Green, near Powell; new modern
bay-window flats: rents $38; $1500.'
25xl2t:<: Shot well, near 24th; 2 flats; $3SOO.
23x80; Guerrero, near 17th; flats; $3750.
25x80: Clara, near sth; $3500.
17:6x57:6; Filbert, near Varennes: $1400.
UNIMPROVED.
Wx71:10; BE corner Polk and Lombard.
25x115; Scott, near Washington.
2f.x*s; 13th, near Stevenson; 2 lots.
26x100; Valencia, bet. 13th and 14th; 4 lots.
Silver trrrace homestead lots cheap.
BOL GETZ & BROTHER
' • ROOM "A," CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
SUNSET DISTRICT LOTS A SPECIALTY
Branch Office on Ninth aye.. near H st.
$400, $450. $500 to $800 each; etreet graded lots
ready to build on: $25 down. $5 monthly '
Unexcelled View. Perfect Bargains
Go to see them. Local agent on the Ground.
RICHMOND LOTS FROM $400 TO $800.
$100 to $300;" lots near Mission-st. electric
cars; ready to build on; $10 down, $5 monthly.
SOL G^TZ & BROTHER
ROOM "A," CROCKER BUILDING.
COTTAGE, 5 rooms and bath; one $2675, 5.
rooms and attic; easy terms. J. ANDERSON,
builder. Liberty St., near Castro, or 340 Jersey.
HONOLULU lots. THE MCCARTHY CO., 648
Market St., S. F.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
MADISON & BURKE. Real Estate Agents.
Established ISSS. 626 Market st.
$7600 McAllister st.. near Fillmore: two large
flats; paying good income; lot 25x100.
Must be sold— Two fine flats on Hayes St..
near Buchanan; lot 27:6x120 to rear street; rents
very low; $55; only $7250; make offer.
$4500— Bush st., near Devisadero; 7 rooms and
bath; lot 23x137:6.
$3250 — Gough st., near Fulton; 11 rooms and
' bath; laundry and large cellar; lot 31x52:6.
$5000— Three flats; Twenty-first St., near Va-
i lencia; rents $39 per month; lot 22x90.
$2900 — Twenty-fifth St., near Sanchez; 6
rooms and bath; 24:3x114.
— Cottage and lot; Twenty- St., near
Castro; 5 rooms and stable: 25x114.
$4000 — Webster St., near McAllister; 6 rooms
and bath and rear house; lot 25x84:6.
$3500 Tw0 cottages: Chattanooga st., near
Twenty-third; 32:Cxii7:6.
Hyde, near Union; cars pass; lot 26x60; only
| $2500.
$2000— Cortland aye., corner Moultrie St.; 32x
90 and 2-story house; worth $25 per month.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
Corner on H— lx— t "and Octavla Rts., 1 block
off .Market; 37:6x100; offered low; one-half pur-
chase can remain at 6 per cent.
Corner, only $2250; California and Locust
sts.; 37:6x107:7.
50 ira; Buchanan, corner of Chestnut; $6000;
137:6x137:6.
$SsuO— Bryant, near Twenty-fifth: £2xloo.
$2750— Clay St., near Spruce; 27:6x127:5. '.
$:'ticO— Page, near Devisadero: ___7:0.
$2000— Twenty-first St., near Sanchez; 50x114.
$1750— Union St., near Webster; 25x100.
■ $1250 — Sixteenth st.. near Castro; 25x100.
$1000— Seventh aye.. near J St.; 26x120.
$1800— North side Golden Gate aye., near Cen-
tral aye. : -'. xllO.
$1000— Jersey st . near Noe: 25x114.
California, near Second aye.; 25x100; $SOO.
MADISON & BURKE, 626 Market at.
McAFEE BROTHERS. 108 Montgomery st.
O'FARRELL-ST. COTTAGE.
New cottage of 5 rooms on O'Farrell St., near
Devisadero; completely furnished; a pretty
home; price $3200.
DOWNTOWN RESIDENCE.
House of 16 rooms; would make a fine board-
ing house; splendid lot. 27:6x137:6; price $10,000.
PAYS GOOD INTEREST.
Four fiats, near Market st. ; good brick build-
Ing; rents $55 monthly; price $5000.
REDUCED TO $2500.
A house of 11 rooms on Tehama st_, near
Second; must be sold; lot 25xS0.
CHEAP LOTS'. CHEAP LOTS!
$3600— Pacific Heights corner: 43x100.
$5000— Pacific Heights lot; 42:6x107; fine view.
$2500— Shrader St., near Park, entrance; 27:6
xl 0
$2600— Presidio Heights; key lot; fine marine
view; 27 :BxlS7 6.
$3000— Scott and McAllister; any size.
$22cO— Clayton, near Page; 25x106.
— Belvedere, near Waller; 23x120.
$1325 — Frederick St.. near Cole; 25x137:6.
$325 to $1000— Fine Potrero lots; terms.
i $900— Fine level lots on bituminlzed streets
In the Mission; on terms if desired; all front-
ages.
$CsC California, near 12th aye.; 25x100.
McAFEE BROS. McAFEE BROS.,
108 Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
JOHN PFORR. removed to 403 Pine St., oppo-
site Nevada Bank, will sell at sweeping re-
duction:
$1450— 2-story 8-room house; south of the
Mission; lot 25x100; make offer.
$6000— R'.-nt $37; 3 houses on Harriet St.
$50.000— A fine block of dwellings on Polk St.,
near Post, including two corners.
$12,000—3 bay-window houses on Haight St.,
near Fillmore; lot 55x137:6.
$25,000, reduced from $33.000— splendid prop-
erty on Larkin St., a few blocks north from the
new City Hall; stores and flats; lot 45x137:6;
paying 9 per cent on the prh:e.
$3750, formerly $3000— A solid business prop-
erty; 2-story and basement brick house, on
Brannan St., just west of Third; lot _x"5; rent
$30; a snap.
PARK PANHANDLE PROPERTY.
$13,000— Rent $34; 4 splendid flats on Fell St..
near Masonic aye.; lot 37:6x137:6.
$4250— Splendid cottage: Oak St.. near Lyon;
lot 25x110 : fronting on park panhandle.
IN THE HEART OF TOWN.
$62,500— Market St.; 1^ block from the Bald-
win; 4-story house; good size lots.
$100,000 — Fine property on Kearny St.. near
Market: large lot renting at $525 per month,
nearly 6 per cent net ground rent.
$42,500— Taylor St., near Market; large lot;
well' improved; stores and flats.
INCOMP, PROPERTY.
$,-,ooo— Rent $60; 4 flats on Geary st., near Dev-
btadero; lot 25x125. - .
$5750 — Rent $47; store and two flats; Geary St.,
near Fill more.
i $2400— Rent $25; double flats near Sixth and
Bryant sts.
EUREKA, near ISth; 3 lots 75x125 and 2-
story house; only half a block from electric
cars; all for $2500. O. D. BALDWIN & SON,
22 Montgomery st.
$700 EACH— Lobos aye.. near 20th St.:
sunny side: 2 lots 25x100- each; only $200 cash;
balance can remain on mortgage at 6'-^ per
cent. O. D. BALDWIN & SON. 22 Mont-
gomery et''
- $SOO EACH— Point Lobes aye. lots, near 11th;
all level- street work all done; reduced from
$1500 •each. O. D. BALDWIN & SON. 22
Montgomery St. __ ! <_. j
$750—25x105; COST $1200; fine lot on Sanchez St.,
near 30th; will build on it to suit buyer.
Small cottage and lot 50x100 on Huron
St., near Sickles aye.; this place is a great
bargain, as It must be sold. v
$175_Seigel St., near Cortiand aye. ; adjoin-
ing property is held for $300, but this place
has to be sacrificed.
McEWEN BROTHERS, 118 Montgomery st.
I $4500— AN elegant new strictly modern residence
of 7 rooms in Al neighborhood; easy terms.
$4fjOQ— A fine business corner; store and flat
of 5 rooms. 
$14.000— New improvements; rents $lto per
$2000— A choice lot on Stanyan St., close to
the park: half cash.
ENGLISH & MORRISSEY. 636 Market st.
$15 COO— CHOICE Pacific Heights corner resi-
dence 9 rooms and bath; marine view. J.
W. WRIGHT _ CO. ' m
C" 1 C BE __ IS
" REAL ESTATE AND^AN^cm.^
FOR SALE.
Choice building lot on Army and Twenty-
seventh sts. : close to electric road.
$5000— Good corner for store; must be so.d;
i lot 52:4x60 feet. , ,
$6700—50x127:6 feet on Jackson st., overlook-
Ing the Presidio and bay.
vara on Page st. ; panhandle of park.
$300— Choice building lots north of park.
Bargain— Southwest corner Fifth aye. and C
st : 109x95 feet. . j
$3300— FINE northwest corner of Twenty-third
and Dolores sts.; fair 2-story building with
store and 6-room flat; lot 50x57; there are 33
feet of this lot vacant, which can be Im-
proved to , bring In large returns: want to
close out. Owner. GEO. B. M. GRAY. 454
Ninth st.. Oakland. -
i $100,000 to loan; low Interest: strictest privacy;
on diamonds. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
David Bush, Manager Country Department,
14 Montgomery st.
Installments— Freight. $1 per ton; fare, 25c;
good fruit, grain, vegetable or alfalfa land at
$25 per acre and upward, near Stockton; one-
quarter cash, balance Installments; send for
circular.
Hotel — Good-paying hotel In prosperous town
on railroad; will exchange.
Butcher business— A first-class, paying butcher
chop, with slaughter-house and dwelling, do-
ing the largest business in prosperous town in
Sonoma County.
Now is the time to buy country lands.
WE have some fine grain farms for sale near
• Stockton; also choice garden land in tracts
of 5 to 20 acres; convenient to railroad station
and boat landing; price $25 to $45 per acre;
these are bargains; send . for list and map.
GAMAN _ LYON. 215 Kearny st.
TO lease for cash— Highly improved ranch near
Hav wards; fine Improvements: 1800 assorted
fruit trees, bearing. A. M. SPECK & CO.,
602 Market st.
FOUR acres well Improved; 1 mile from Peta-
luma; cheap. Address box 472. Petaluma.
FOR cheap and desirable country home near
Watsonville, the home of the apple and sugar ;
beet, send for catalogue. R. P. QU^-N, real
estate. WatsonvHle, Cal.
11700— 25 ACRES, 4 miles from Martines, 15
minutes from the new railroad depot; 5 acres
in hill land, wood; 4 acres in table grapes;
all bearing; family orchard: house of 4 rooms,
barn pood well, home, cow, wagon, chickens
and fanning tools. J. A. Z.. Martinez. Cai.
110 000— ONE of Hay wards choicest homes: 174
acreTof land all In bearing trees 11 acres
of which are prunes, balance apricots and
plums; all 12 years old; fine modern house
of 8 rooms and bath; barn, chicken houses,
chickens, horse, carriage; all farming tools;
house completely furnished: sold 2 years ago
for $17,000 cash; 10 minutes' walk to electric
cars and center of town. Owner, 454 Ninth
St.. Oakland.
160 ACRES of good grain land; latest Improye-
• ments and beautiful home for tamiJy. In-
quire grocery, 1748 Larkin st., cor. Jackson.
$100 000 to loan on watches, bronzes: private en-
trance UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
CHEAPEST and best ln_Amerlca-The Weekly
Call Sent to any address In the United
States, postpaid, for $1 50 a year.
~~ r ~ "property WANTED.
WANTED— To buy, house about 4 rooms and
lot; must -be cheap. 3937 Eighteenth st ;
WANTED— From 3 to '•• 15 acres of improved
land within 30 miles of city; state particu-
lars and price. Box 1637, Call office.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1898.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
$2300— Big bargain in new cottage In Rich-
mond; lot 25x127:0; on 14th aye., near Clement
st.; house contains 6 rooms, bath, etc., and
; is very cheap.
$56.000— rent $SSOO per annum; promi-
nent Sixth-st. corner, not far from Market
St.; substantial improvements, stores and lodg-
ing-house; extra large lot.
$7250— Tw0 fine handsome new flats of 6 and I
7 rooms and bath; best portion of Devisadero j
Bt.; rent $62 50; lot 25x100.
Price reduced to Business property; i
25th st., near Church; lot 25x114; 2-story build-
Ing containing store and four rooms; also 7
rooms and bath upstairs; baker's oven in rear
of lot
$5000— Rent $60: all rented; Shipley st., near j
Sixth; 5 flats; lot 25x75; good interest-paying
property.
$4250— Rent $40; Clay st. between Powell and
Mason; 3-story building. 6 rooms, bath, etc.
$2750— Union St., near Taylor; 2 flats of 4 I
and 5 rooms each; lot has two frontages; rent j
$24.
$7750— Rent $82: two stores and flats; on 24th
st. : lot GOxlOO; this is a fine opportunity for
some one; call for particulars.
$6000— Mason st., . near Sutter; house of 6
rooms and bath.
Filbert St., near Laguna: cottage of 6
rooms and bath; stable In rear of lot; lot 25x
137:6.
$10,000— Fulton St.. near Franklin; large bay-
window residence of 10 rooms and bath; expen-
sively built; lot 40x120.
$3200— Welsh st.. near 4th: 3 flats of 3, 3, and
4 rooms; also rear house containing 2 flats of
4 rooms each; total rent $44.
$6000— Rent $50; 3-story brick building con-
t- < ling stores and 14 rooms above; Minna St.,
near 3d.
$6000— Sacramento St.; 2 new flats, 6 and 7
rooms, etc.; lot 27x127; rent $52 50; both rented.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
— _
DON'T
WANT
TO
HURRY
You unnecessarily, but we feel that It Is no
more than right that you should be acquainted
with the facts.
WE HAVE SOLD
46 LOTS IN THREE WEEKS
In the two blocks recently subdivided south
of Golden Gate Park.
WHY?
Because there are no lots at the price in the
city that can compare with the choice home
and Investment lots that we are offering for
$275 AND UPWARD.
Lots face on Eighth, Ninth, Tenth and
Eleventh avenues— south of and not far from
Golden Gate Park. Lots graded and ready lor
the builder. The terms place them within
your reach:
$25y CASH, $5 MONTHLY.
When you see these lots you will surely want
one or two. Magnificent views, overlooking
Golden Gate Park, the Golden Gate and the
city. Property lies on a gentle slope running
up from the Park; splendid drainage; sheltered
from the winds by hills to the westward;
near the Affiliated Colleges and not far from
all the principal park attractions.
BIG CROWDS.
A large number of purchasers out to see
these lots every day. It will pay you to go
at once.
Take Haight or Ellis-st. cars and transfer
to the new electric road (taking the place of
the old steam dummy). Get off at Ninth aye.
' and H st. We have a branch office there, open
daily (Sundays and holidays included). Blue
cars on Mission and. Ellis sts. run direct from
the ferries. BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
ON beautiful Bern— Heights, S. F. ; 2-story, 7-
room house; 2 lots; corner Folsom St.: street
work done; near 4 car lines; also large lot,
San Pedro, near $3,000,000 Government im-
provements; $3600 cash only, or will trade for
farm in good locality. Box 188, Call office,
Oakland.
WHAT have you to exchange for equity, 18
good city lots: must unload: country or Ala-
meda improved preferred. J. MONROE, Let-
ter Carrier, Alameda.
1 MUST sell at some price, 10 acres, all in
trees, 1 mile from San Jose; Improved: part
trade; easy terms. Can at 1480 Twenty-
seventh st.
GOOD mining property in Calsveran County for
exchange or will plve working bond. Address
box 1527. Call office. *
WANTED— flats In good condition; cheap for
cash. Box 1526. Call office.
MONEY TO LOAN.
TO LEND, SUMS FROM $^00 TO $50,000. at
from 6 per cent on mortgage of real estate,
for a term of years, or redeemable by install-
ments loaned on PATENTS. INVENTIONS
Money loaned on PATENTS. INVENTIONS
FINANCED and capital procured to DE-
VELOP AND PERFECT SAME.
R. GOULD.
. 131 Montgomery st., San Francisco.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1022 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
$100,000 to loan on stocks", bonds and diamonds;
strictest privacy. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market St.; telephone Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval: low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
! ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval: money quick; confidential; no commis-
sion; lowest Interest. Room 68. 1170 Market.
ANY amount at 6^ per cent on* real estate. 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
ON real estate and furniture or pianos; any
amt.: lowest rate. Becker, 328 Montgomery.
BORROW from the CUT-RATE LOAN OF-
FICE, 22 Mason St.. opp. Olympla Music Hall.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission private. LICK. 116 McAlllßter st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
$60 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg. :
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery St. j
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS,
ALAMi^JJA REAL ESTATE.
2 MODERN 6-room cottages for rent reason-
able: Benton st. and Railroad aye. B. H.
WELCH & CO.. 1383 Fifth aye.. E. Oakland.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
FIRST COME. FIRST SERVED.
JUST LIKE PAYING RENT.
$1200. $1700, $1800. $2200, $2600, $3000.
The above are lovely cottages which have
been thrown upon the market for non-payment
of Installments, and they are now offered at
a great sacrifice to close accounts. They con-
tain 4, 5. 6 and 7 rooms, and .-.re finished up to
date; almost new, and are located near schools
und stations.
We are going to weed them out. and Invite
Inspection. MARCUSE & REMMEL,
Bay-st. station, Alameda, and 630 Market st.,
San Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
(1400— TO close an estate; lot 40x100; modern
house, 7 rooms; 2 blocks from station and
school.
$1000— Snap; lot 50x150; bouse of 4 rooms; 1
block? from Morton st. station.
$2800-^New Colonial cottage. 7 rooms and
bath; lot 42x150; elegant location: esuy terms.
Elegant home on Central aye.: lot 80x207. See
this at once. Houses to let In all parts of Ala-
in eda. H. P. MOREAL & CO.
BEFORE you buy or build see our bargains.
Alameda Land Company, Installment home
bulHers and real estate agents. 1600 Park «t..
AlnmMa. Cn] ' '
______
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
PRIVATE home in confinement; connected with
housekeeping apartments. MRS. DR. FUNKE,
1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
( ALAM—DA FURNISHED HOUSES.
CLEAN sunny 8-room house: central; $40; to
first-class tenant: "Home," Call, Oakland.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
ALT A PUNT A Tract again on the market:
prices reduced; on San Pablo aye., 3 miles
north of Berkeley; lots and by acreage: look
at this. Send for map to G. W. HAIdHT.
220 Sansome St.. 8. F.
$3000— 5-room cottage: bath, laundry; 1% acres:
12 mm. walk to Berkeley 6tn. Freese _ Cod-
rilngtcn. 2119 Stanford pi., opp. Berkeley stn.
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
FOR RENT. " - "
Beautiful new house of 7 rooms and bath;
large reception hall; 2 mantels; located near
Oakland race track; rent $12 per month. : !
House of 6 rooms: barn; chicken house; well
| water; lot 75x110; 1 block from electric cars;
rent at $6 per month. .
$2250— modern cottage of 5 rooms and
bath- all latest Improvements; 9-foot- base-
ment; 11 bearing fruit trees; large lot; street
i work and cement sidewalks all done; located
i on Thirteenth aye., East Oakland; fine neigh- |
borhood: terms if desired.
$1050— Cost owner $1800; for sale; In East Oak-
land; bay-window cottage of 4 large rooms and
bath; high basement; corner lot; $100 cash;
balance on easy terms. .
-■ $475— A great bargain; owner must sell; going
East; house of 2 rooms and basement; stable:
chicken houses; corner: 10t' 35x125; all fenced;
cement walk: convenient 'to local train.
H. A. FLEITNER, FrultvaU Station, Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
j OFFICE— 9O« BROADWAY.
OAKUM) It UAL tSTAIK.
aTlist^of "choice~offeri ng a— ~~-~~
i $»o(Jo— Filbert St.; fine modern _-room resi-
i dence.
i Magnificent home; stylish; superior
I location; exceptional sale; Investigate.
' $15,000, cost $25,000— Fine .Lakeside, residence;
I corner; estate ordered sold; only land value;
i adjoins 2 elegant mansions.
$1000— cash, $10 month; cottage nr. station.
Cottage, 5 rooms; bet. Market anil
Broadway; bargain; $250 cash, monthly pay-
ments.
$2000 — Chicken ranch; 3 acres; foreclosure.
$1500— Mortgage $1100; 6-room cottage; make
offer; large lot, stable; a bargain.
Mortgaged ; 6-room cottage %-acre lot.
$2bso— New 2-story, 8-room; mortgage $2100;
offer. ' \
— Elegant modern 7-room, Colonial style;
bird's-eye maple finish; central; near station.
I — Just completed; elegant 9-room; 50x168;
I central; builder bought lot at sacrifice; worth,
I $5000; easy terms; see this for a home.
A—s7so;A — $750; cottage 4 rooms; brick foundation;
cost $1400; near station; must sell this week.
$350— Lot 32x110; cost $650; owner called to
Ireland; authorised to sell; make offer.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
Otfices 460 and 462 Eighth st., Oakland.
I THREE flats near Oak station; rented $30
month; splendid investment. ALDEN-GAK-
FIELD CO., 902 Broadway.
$8500— ELEGANT residence and grounds; take
part trade. ALDEN-GARFrELD CO., au2
Broadway. '■.-•' ! \'.\ •
MONEY to loan on real estate and furniture,
etc. ALDEN-GARFIKLD CO.. $02 Broadway.
1000 ACRES, $4500; Sonoma County; stock
ranch' trade for one or two city houses;
rented. C. K. KING, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
GOOD 6 acres Haywards; all level; no build-
ings; 2 acres apricots; very cheap. C. K.
KING, 9C2 Broadway.
160 ACRES Jackson County, Or.; home ranch;
no failure of crops; to trade. C. K. KING,
i)O2 Broadway, Oakland.
A SNAP. /
6-room,' 2-story modern; lot 200x135; fenced;
windmill and tank; water piped over grounds;
$2000; one-half cash-.
6-room cottage; modern; lot 37x100; $1500.
2 flats, 4 rooms each; modern; cement base-
ments; $1100.
6-room cottage; modern; lot 50x125; $1375.
2-story. 7-room; modern; lot 50x150; $1300; $300
cash, balance $15 per month. W. M. ALLISON
& CO., 463 Ninth St., Oakland.
$550, PAYABLE $5 monthly, will buy one of
those new 3-room cottages, with ( lot 50x125,
or 4 rooms and bath, $760, $7 60 a month, in
the Alvin tract; streets macadamized; take
Haywards local train to Elmhurst station
(trains stop in front of the Alvin tract), or
Haywards electric car to Jones aye.; free
carriage meets electric cars on Sundays.
JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery St., S. F.,
or 463 Ninth st., Oakland.
BEAUTIFUL cozy home near station on broad-
gauge line, in one of the best neighborhoods
in Oakland; 7 rooms and bath; open nickel-
plated plumbing; sandstone chimney; large
reception hall; modern and complete in every
particular; for sale at a bargain; terms to
suit; call at once for particulars. . Lake Shore
Land Co., A. H. BREED. Manager, 1070
Broadway, Oakland. "
FRUITVALE property offered for the amount
of mortgage; near railroad depot.
$2000— modern cottage of 6 rooms; cor-
ner lot 100x130.
$1700— Large 6-room modern cottage and
barn; lot 50x160.
Cottage of 4 rooms; lot 25x75.
J. S. JOHNSON, 1058 Broadway, Oakland.
FOR rent— East Oakland; 24-room boarding-
house; nicely furnished; cheap to responsible i
party. B. H. WELCH _ CO., 1383 Fifth aye. |
WANTED— Druggist to rent store; East Oak-
land; good location; rent reasonable. B. H.
WELCH _ CO.. 1383 Fifth aye.
71- ACRE fine ranch, near Oakland; In-
come $2500 a year; 30 acres also; want a fair
offer; also 6-room house; call for a list of
homes; 30-page catalogue of homes. E. E.
BUNCE, 908 Broadway. Oakland. ■ ' ■
I NEW 5-room cottage, high basement, all mod-
ern improvements, and 4 vacant lots with
bearing fruit trees, grounds and walks: $200
down, balance same as rent. Field Realty ;
i Co., 1145 E. 14th St., nr. 23d aye., E. Oakland.
j $200 CASH— SIS monthly will pay for a model 2-
I story house of 7 rooms; modern and- up to
; date; an ideal home; large lot; chicken house;
Al fence; grand view; fine elevation, yet
level; city water and main sewer; Peralta
aye. and Jones St., Gallndo Tract, East Oak-
land; a few fine large lots from $126 upward. i
$10 cash, $5 monthly; no better site In Oakland j
for a fine home; streets all macadamised; 3-
story school house and electric cars close by;
nice homes and well kept grounds ' surround-
ing; price $ISOO. Call or send for circular, 455
Seventh St., cor. Broadway. Oakland. Car-
riage free. H. Z. JONEB, Owner.
$9000— 71- ACRE fine ranch, near Oakland; In-
come $2500 a year; 30 acres also; want a fair
offer; also 6-room house; call for a list of
homes; 30-page catalogue of homes. E. E.
BUNCE. 90S Broadway, Oakland. |
$100,000 tt> loan; low Interest; private offices;
private entrance. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
I FOR sale or exchange tor S. F. property— s-
rm. house, bath: nr. train. Box 421. Call, Oak. i
FOR sale In Oakland— New house, 7 rooms and
bath: 2-story; best construction and finish;
lot 40x125; fine neighborhood; S minutes from
railroad station; 30 minutes from San Fran-
cisco; monthly installments. HERON &
HOLTOMB. 1050- Broadway. . -■ -C''\.:
' OAKLAND HOUSES.
MODERN 8-room flats, $12 to $17: no dark rms.:
stove and porcelain bath: water, ash man
free: Adeline station. Oakland: key 940 Union
Bt. KOENIG «• KROLL. MM Broadway.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
COMPLETELY furnished housekeeping rooms;
flats 3 or 4: also single. 1453-55 Broadway. ;
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— «n<l cheap H. ! i i'HKI,U
HAAf rlri »t<-r* 4<W Flevontw •» S«» ht~
HOUSES TO LET.
AT 26 Morris aye., off Harrison St.. near Sixth-
Sunny 5 big-room house, good repair. $13;
water free; big yard; big cellar. ■_
CALIFORNIA. 1326. near Hyde— B rooms and
bath; very sunny; flrst-clase condition; rent
low. Apply MADISON & BURKE.
ELLIS ST.— 7-room house, bath, yard; rent
$15. Apply 626 Eddy st. -*-..
NEWLY fitted up residence, 13 sunny rooms:
bath; large yard; corner Van Ness aye. and
Broadway; rent $50. Apply on premises be-
tween 11 a. m. and 2 p. m. \ ;
OAK, 15, near Market and Van Ness— B rooms,
bath, bay-windows, etc; nice condition; rent
reasonable; see and make proposition.
PERRY. 208, near Fourth — 4 rooms and yard;
rent $8; water free. Apply to O. H. UMB-
BEN & CO. r __
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN _ HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st. . . . - '
| 2 HOUSES, 2639 and 2641 Sacramento St., near
Steiner— Each 6 rooms, bath, laundry; recently
cleaned throughout; rear entrance on Perrlne
st. ; conveniently near business portion . FlU-
more St.; S lines cars; rent $27 50.
— CHEAP; 6 rooms, bath; lower part. 12
Guy place, off First st., above Folsom.
20 MARY, near Fifth and Mission— rooms;
double parlors; $22 60. '■.:■
$100,000 to loan; ladles' private entrance and
private offices at Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
COTTAGES TO LET.
A— THREE lovely 5-room, bath, yard cottages
for $12 each. SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
GEARY. Cottage, 5 rooms; sunny side;
rent $15. ■■-.-■-.. ' ■ "■
HOUSE of 6 rooms, stable- and chicken houses;
low rent; water free. 621 Thirtieth st.
NEW 6-room sunny cottage home, big lot, close
to Golden Gate Station, $14; or will sell, $150
cash balance Hke rent. THE McCARTHY
CO.. 646 Market st., San Francisco. ■'■>;'>; ■■■■■-
NEW sunny 4-room cottage: all modern Im-
provements. 2533 Mission st.
TO LET— Pretty sunny corner cottage; 6 rooms
and bath; nicely furnished: rent $25. O. W.
H. PATTERSON & CO.. 1709 Market st.
UNION. 1112— window. 5 rooms, bath, $15;
1106 Union, 4-room flat. $9. ■ " .'
5 R.. bath. 210 Acadia st., nr. power house
Spr'eckelf! Eloc. Road. $14: or will sell, $200
cash, bal. $16 mo. MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Mkt.
NEAT cottage 4 rooms and yard. 1705
Turk St., corner Scott.
; FURNISHED FLATS.
FURNISHED flat; 4 or 6 rooms; complete for
housekeeping. 907^ Mission St. , . .
SMALL flat. 4 nicely furnished sunny rooms,
at 1522 Geary st. l£l_____ __.:.
~ ■ FLATS TO LET. - -,
APPRECIATED if seen; $20: water free; north-
west corner Erie and Howard, nr. 13th; 7 big
rooms and porch ; flooded with sunshine. -.
ASH aye., 125, between Polk, Van , Ness, Mc-
Allister and Fulton— 5-room flat.
A— NICE clean flat; . 4 rooms; near Ellis and
Mason; $15. SPECK & CO.. 602 Market st. ■ *
AT . 1142 Golden Gate - aye.— Lower and middle
| flat; 6 rms.; modern conveniences; sunny side.
BOYD, 9, off Harrison and Langton— 4 nice
rooms and store room; rent cheap. ./
..: FLATS TO LET— Continued.
DORE, 319, bet. Bryant and Brannan— Sunny
. Pat : fr&t floor; 4 rooms. .■■■■- ■■ ■
FIVE rooms; bath; modern; fine marine view;
reasonable. 517 A Lombard at.
FLAT of 4 nice sunny rooms and large yard.
712 Clementina St.. bet. Sth and i>th; rent $12.
FLAT 6 rooms, bath and stable. IS Byington
St.; apply 1621 O'Farrell st. '■- , .
FLAT. 5 rooms and bath; rent reasonable;
water free. 122 Noe st. <
FOLSOM and Twenty-flrst sts., next to corner
$18: flat of 5 rooms and bath.
FRANKLIN, 525. near McAllister— Lower flat;
3 rooms; cheap rent. __ _____
GOLDEN GATE aye., 2004— New sunny modern
flat of 6 rooms and bath; rent cheap to desir-
able party. . \ ' '
GROVE, ?05, near Franklin— large rooms and
bath; fine condition; all r..odern improve-
ments; reasonable. '
HAIGHT, 1021, above Baker— Nice sunny 5 or
6 room flat: will be newly painted. ■ I
HAMPTON place, 19, off Folsom, between Sec-
ond and Third— Floor of 4 rooms, yard.
HARRISON. 618— Very nice flat. 3 large, well-
lighted rooms: view fine: everything handy;
$12; other rooms, one furnished, cheap. :
HAVES. . 339- Branch office or The Call, Sub-
scriptions and ads taken. ,
LEAVEN WORTH, Upper flat of 5 rooms;
gas: bath: rent $16. ■ ■■ ' j
LOVELY 7 rooms; modern and sunny; 2325
Mission st., near Nineteenth. A. M. SPECK
& CO., 602 Market St.
LYON, 617. near McAllister— Sunny flat of 6
rooms and bath; $22 60.
MAN and wife would like parties to rent part
of fiat. Box 1531, Call office.
MINNA, 804. near Tenth— Flat, four rooms and
bath.
SIXTH, 661—3 large sunny rooms, unfurnished;
cellar; large yard; rent cheap.
STEINER 1123— Modern flat, 5 rooms; bath;
water free. Call 1818 Ellis st.
SUNNY bay-window flat, 7 rooms, bath: cot-
tage, 5 rooms: cheap. NE. cor. Dolores & 15th.
TURK, 1711— Modem flat, 5 rooms; bath; sunny
yard; large basement. Key corney grocery.
TWENTY-SECOND, 3533— Nice sunny flat; 5
rooms and- bath; rent $14. ■
UNION, 1350 — Sunny upper flat of 7 rooms and
bath; nice view; rent cheap. ___
UPPER flat; 5 rooms. 7 Vassar place, off Har-
rison, between Second and Third.
UPPER flat: 3 choice sunny rooms; pantry,
storeroom, $12. 2419 Clay St.. near Flllmore.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
fl»rpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery*^ '
SUNNY upper flat, 7 rooms; newly painted and
. papered. 1150 Mission Ft., near Seventh: $17
TO LET— 2 flats; modern Improvements; will
let cheap: 4 rooms. 3176 A Sixteenth Ft., near
Guerrero. '
2OR 3 unfurnished rooms and bath. 1223 Mis-
sion St.. bet. Eighth and Ninth. _
$10— LOWER fiat 4 sunny rooms. 27 Pearl St.,
off Market, near Valencia.
$13— FLAT of 4 rooms. 125 Page St., between
Gough and Octavla.
$14— SUNNY flat, 5 rooms. 724 Harrison St., be-
tween Third and Fourth.
$11 50— FLATS: sunny. 4 rooms, cellar, yard.
468 Linden aye., near Hayes and Laguna sta.
$100,000 to loan on diamonds, watches: lowratea;
private offices. Uncle Harris. IS Grant aye.
ROOMS FOII HOUSEKEEPING.
A LARGE sunny room complete for housekeep-
ing folding bed; new stove; furniture all
new; $1 50 per week; $6 per month; suitable
for 2 persons. Apply at shoe store, 5*2 Mis-
sion St., between First and Second.
AT Mason. 225— Nicely furnished rms. for hkpg,
complete, $3 50 week; single rooms. $1 50 up.
BARTLETT, 833— Large sunny housekeeping
rooms; furnished; good locality. '
BRADY 44 between Twelfth and Thirteenth,
off Market— 2 or 3 rooms furnished or unfur-
nished for housekeeping.
BROADWAY. 1624— 2 large, 1 small, neat sun-
ny rooms; good outlook.
BUCHANAN, M, corner Fell— Front parlor;
kitchen; gas stove and bedroom; $14.
CLEMENTINA, 707. cor. Eighth— 2 nice front
rooms: housekeeping, with laundry and bath.
EDDY 207— Nice sunny double rooms, house-
keeping, $S, «8, $10, $11 and. $12; gas, bath:
quiet house. •■
EDDY 917— Beautifully furnished sunny house-
keeping rooms; splendid location; private resi-
dence. ■'
EIGHTH, — Sunny front parlor, with otfe or
two bedrooms and kitchen; furnished , com-
plete for housekeeping; private family: bath.
ELLIS, 532— Housekeeping; 4 Bunny unfurnish-
ed rooms; call 1 to 4. ■ _
ELLIS. 806— Sunny basement room and kitchen;
cheap.
FELL.. 452— Furnished Bunny room with kitch-
en; for two; rent $8: -single room $4.
FIFTH, Housekeeping rooms and others;
all cheap and sunny.
FIFTH 322 — Large sunny front bedroom and
kitchen; grate, water, sink, bath; private; $11.
FIFTH 353— Furnished housekeeping, 2 parlors,
kitchen and bath, $20: also 3, $12: single, $5.
FOURTH. Furnished and unfurnished
housekeeping rooms; cheap.
GEARY, Elegant sunny suite parlors for
doctor or artist; also sunny housekeeping and
other rooms. .
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1050—2 sunny, well-fur-
nished rooms for ! light housekeeping; gas
' stove, bath and free telephone.
GROVE 202, corner Van Nets aye.— Sunny un-
furnished 3-room suite, with gas range.
GROVE, 1424. bet. Brod,erlck and Baker— 3
sunny rooms for lady and gentleman.
HOWARD. 625— Kitchen and bedroom furnished
complete; and others reasonable.
HOWARD. 704. corner Third— Finely furnished
and housekeeping rooms and transient.
HOWARD. 761V4— Nicely furnished sunny suite
with kitchen for man and wife. '
HOWARD, 1068— Newly furnished sunny rooms,
single or housekeeping; $4 per month up.
HOWARD. 1324—2 large rooms; furnished com-
plete for housekeeping.
HOWARD, 2008, near Sixteenth— Front room
furnished for housekeeping; bath and gas.
HYDE 232 Complete bedroom and kitchen for
housekeeping; also other rooms; $5 up.
LAGUNA. 1205, near Eddy— 2 sunny unfurnished
rooms and bath, $6. ■ i
LARKIN, Furnished or unfurnished; light
and sunny; and single rooms. -
LARKIN, 1411-Slngle, double furnished rooms,
running water; stove; bath; laundry; $4; $9.
LEAVENWORTII. 517—2 unfurnished rooms
for housekeeping. -
LEAVENWORTH. 1015—3 unfurnished connect-
ing basement rooms; bath; rent 110.
LEAVENWORTH. 1503, r— - Jackson—! nice
sunny furnished rooms; bath. '
LEWIS, 18. off ! Taylor, near Post— Furnished
room and kitchen: reasonable.
MISSION. 1125%— Nicely furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; $6 50 and $9. '■"
MISSION, 1129— The cleanest and the cheapest;
housekeeping and others.
MISSION. 1217— Sunny front suites complete
for housekeeping; tit. 'M and $16.
MISSION, 1241—2 or 3 rooms and alcove: fur-
nished; stove; garden; reasonable; private.
ATOM A. 81, corner Second— 2 nice sunny front
rooms for housekeeping; reasonable.
NINTH, 21— Sunny suite furnished for light
housekeeping; running water: stove.
NINTH 113, near Mission— Front 'room and
kitchen; private family; $12.
NINETEENTH, 3267, near Howard— 2 rooms
completely furnished for housekeeping: bath;
cheap; more for companion. . .
NINETEENTH, 4059. near Castro— unfur-
«. nished bay-window rooms. ■ ■
OAK, 119— Sunny front room furnished com-
plete for housekeeping; small, $5.
OCTAVIA. 1410, near Geary— rooma for
housekeeping; no. children. ,- .
PAGE, 28— Two or three nice sunny rooms suit-
. able for light housekeeping; cheap.
POLK, 522— Furnished or unfurnished . house-
keeping rooms; cheap.
POLK, 1643, *->rner Clay— 2 large, newly fur-
nished, sunny front rooms; housekeeping; $15.
SEVENTH. 3284r-Flat or 3 nice rooms; rent
. cheap to small family. ' ' . •
SEVENTH, 651— 55 60; 2 furnished houaekeep-
. Ing rooms; , In rear. . . ■
SHIPLEY, 259—4 rooms, $6: no ' children. . Guer-
; rero, 1149—2 rooms and bath. $5. :-
SIXTH, 216H— Housekeeping rooms; thoroughly
renovated; front or back; running water; rea».
SIXTH, Furnished room; light house-
keeping allowed: single room. $1 week.
SIXTH Sunny bay-window rooms, closets,
running water and bath; also single rooms.
STEVENSON; «S7— Two sunny housekeeping
■ rooms for rent. i/ - -.. ' '.*. ':'■'•. •!'■■.' •
BUTTER, 930—3 large furnished rooms,- single,
'- en suite or complete for housekeeping.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS—
THE Piedmont, 119 A Sixth St.— or 2 rooms;
. furnished for housekeeping; also other rooma.
TEHAMA, 44— Three housekeeping rooms.
TURK 126—2 sunny unfurnished '. rooms for
housekpg; closet; running water; no children.
TURK, 203— Elegant sunny front parlors for
housekeeping; also single.
TURK, 303— Large front bay-window room,
newly furnished;, light housekeeping.
TWELFTH, 23OC— Sunny housekeeping rooms;
private family; corner flat. L _
UNION, 1106—2 furnished rooms: stove; sink;
hot and cold water; bath: yard; $10.
VAN NESS, 300— Elegant sunny suite complete
housekeeping; bath; gas; others; reasonable.
VAN NESS. 51S— 2 sunny front rooms; com-
plete for housekeeping: $15.
$100,000 to loan on. sealskins, diamonds and Jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken. _
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite or single; nrst-clas»
in every respect; terms reasonable. ■
AT Hyde. 609, Butter, 719— Sunny; choice;
reasonable ; appreciated if seen.
AT 62 Second— Double rooms per week, $1 50 to
$3; single. $1 to $150; day. 25c to 50c.
BALBOA. The 1049 A Market— hands;
renovated: rooms 50c, suites $1 per day: leas
per week; country trade solicited; elev'tr: tel.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post St., 3 blocks Palace Hotel—
All conveniences; reasonable; sunny corner
rooms; tourists; elevator; board If desired.
BRYANT, 457%— Nicely furnished room suita-
ble for gentleman. „
BUSH, 805— Nicely furnished double room, $7
a month; other rooms; reasonable.
CALIFORNIA, 832— Elegant suite sunny fur-
nished rooms for gentlemen; board if desired.
CLAY, 2407—3 sunny unfurnished rooms- and
- bath in private house; rentsl2 50; ref. required.
DELAWARE. 1433 Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms. ; $8, $10 mo.
EDDY, US— Sunny front room; also suite and
single; reasonable prices.
EDDY, 473 (427) — Large sunny room, nicely fur-
nished: 2 closets. .
ELLIS, 516— Nicely furnished sunny parlors;
all conveniences; use of kitchen if desired.
FOLSOM, 770— Sunny furnished front room;
rent cheap. ' _____
FOURTH, 108— Nice sunny rooms; single or
double. __ ' ■'■-
GEARY, 378— Large sunny room; gas and bath;
private family; rent $8. ■ ■
GEARY, 389— Rooms single or en suite; fur-
niched or unfurnished. . . '
GOLDEN GATE, Nicely furnished front
room; bath, gas, etc^
GLOBK House, -21 Howard— Per night, 25c to
$1; week. $1 to $4; reading room; Howard car».
GEARY, 610— Large newly furnished bay-win-
dow room; also housekeeping and single rms.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator: moderate rates; families.
GROVE. 417V4— pleasant front room to let;
rent $5. ■ .
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
I HARRIET, 15, off Howard, near Sixth— One
furnished bedroom; cheap.
i HASKELL, The, 121 Powell st.— Cheap neat
light sunny rooms; transients; gents preferd.
HOTEL Francisco. Turk and Taylor— Elegant
suites and singl. rms.; trasient. Mrs.. J. King.
| HOWARD. 946— Sunny front bay-window room;
also small slnsrle room.
; HOWARD, 1072— Nice sunny front room suita-
ble for 1 or 2 gentlemen; private family.
HOWARD, Nicely furnished sunny front
and back rooms, with or without board.
HYDE, 1346— Large, sunny room; marine view;
two gentlemen or suitable for studio. ■
JONES, 117— Large sunny front room; folding
bed; extra bed if desired; private.
LEAVENWORTH, 215—1 sunny furnished room
with use of bath; suitable for 1 or 2 gentle-
men: or single .ront room for 1 gent; private
| family. ■ ■;
I LEAVENWORTH, Sunny room, suitable
I man and wife or two gents; no children.
MARKET, 1007>_— Changed hands; suites or sin-
gle; reas. MRS. KITTY DOWNING, Prop.
MARKET, 1008%, opp. Fifth— of unfur-
nished rooms for doctor or dentist.
MINNA, 667, cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room. $1 per week; transient.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms: ele-
vator; electric lights; day, week or month.
O'FARRELL, 327— Single room neatly furnish-
ed, $4 50 per month. • - • ■'
POLK, Sunny furnished rooms; running
water; large closet; .reas. ; gents preferred.
POST, Newly furnished sunny rooms; sin-
■ gle; double; gas; bath; cheap; quiet.
POST, 922— From 1 to 5 connecting newly fitted
• up sunny unfurnished rooms; extra conven-
ient for housekeeping; reasonable.
POWELL. 147—211 O'Farrell— Furnished rooms;
suite or single; also transient; rent cheap.
POWELL. 317 (former Cosmos Club)— Elegantly
furnished rooms; second floor; reasonable.
SACRAMENTO, 1603— Sunny corner suite; new
flat: rent , reasonable.
SEVENTH. 192, near Howard iGlrard House)—
Sunny rooms; reasonable; also housekeeping.
BHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SHOTWELL, 736— Furnished room. Mission
warm belt, $3 a month. . .
SIXTH, 393, corner Harrison — Sunny front
rooms furnished for housekeeping.
SOUTH PARK. 46— Sunny front or back parlor;
bath and gas; new flat.
STEVENSON, 472. corner Sixth— s eunny suites,
front on Sixth St.; also other nice rooms;
cheap and transient. '
STOCKTON, 419— Sunny front bay-window
rooms, $10 per month. .
SUTTER, Nicely furnished rooms; pleas-
ant and sunny; terms reasonable.
SUTTER, Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
overlooking garden, with board.
SUTTER. 1148, cor. • Polk— Newly furnished
suites & single; also suite for doctor's office.
TAYLOR. . 209— Newly furnished sunny bay-
window room: 2 gents; also single; private.
TAYLOR, 23S— Newly furnished sunny parlor
gas and bath; $10 and $12; private. ...
TAYLOR, 323— Newly furnished sunny rooms*
for 1 or 2 gentlemen: single rms.- light hkpg.
TAYLOR. 624. corner Sutter— Sunny rooms,
with or without board; elegant doctor's offices.
TENTH, 151— Sunny furnished bay-window
room; 2 gentlemen or man and wife.
THE BRUNSWICK. 148 Sixth st. corner How-
ard— Best appointed: 'centrally located: rooms
en suite or single. 25c to $1 night: $1 25 to $5
week: open all night; Howard st. cars pass
house direct from all boats and trains.
TREMONT House, 1773 Market St.. opp.Oough—
House newly furnished: single rooms or suites;
2 kitchens for tenants for light housekeeping.
TURK. 529— sunny furnished room; also
large front room, unfurnished.
VAN NESS aye., 813— 56, $8 and $10; fine house;
sunny corner; private family.
WASHINGTON. 502— Changed hands; renovat-
ed; sunny unfurn. rms.; offices; run. water.
$100,000 to loan on silverware, oil paintings and
pianos. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
ROOMS AND HOARD.
Als&arsTioßDT^The^
Broadway and Polk sts. Quiet; homelike; terms
moderate; board optional: all cars direct.
BOARDING houses find it to their advantage
to buy meat at the Bay City Market.
BUSH, New management; elegant room
and board, - $25 hot and cold water; private.
EDDY, 626 (Irvlngdale)— Sunny front bay-win-
dow suits; best board; $40 up: single. $20 up.
FIRST, 416— Swedish private hoarding, with
room, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
HOTEL Sutherland. 791 Sutter St., corner
Jones— Best location In the city; elegantly
furnished; accomodatlons first-class; ele-
vator; suites with board, $50 up; single rooms
accordingly. Please apply between 10 a. m.
and 8 p. m.
HOTEL Falrmount. 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture; first class In every respect; table
unsurpassed; hot and cold water; elevator;
suites, with board for 2. $50 a month up. " . ' -
"IRVING." 1070 Valencia st— Bright sunny
i rooms; large grounds; with board: reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant rooms; home cook-
. . ing; parlor: piano: bath • gents ; special rates.
SOUTH PARK, 159— Furnished room, with
board, $4 and $5; home cooking. ,:, .- .■ - ,
VAN • NESS ; aye., \ 619— Sunny furnished • suites
- ■ and single rooms; first-class table board.
$100,000 to loan on stocks, bonds and warehouse
receipts. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay«.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
1 CHILD to board; good home and mother's
care; no other children. SIS Chester St.,
Oakland. .
WANTED— child to board; nice home; 1 block
from school: S8 ver month: music. Hl* .
Twenty-first aye., E. Oaklartd; call nvrninss.
WIDOW would like 2 children to board; fur-
nished room for parent. 51 Clara st.
SUITABLE home for child: good home; moth-
er's care; $10 per month. 1830 Bush st.
NICE sunny home for a child: no other chil-
dren; terms $10. 422 Jersey St., BT CMtro.
CARE of infant or small child by responsible
lady: terms reasonable. Box ir.33. C.ill otn.-e,
STORES TO LET.
BARBER shop to let or good place for shua
store. 1223 Polk st.
FIFTH, 353— Store and rooms; yard; $15; good
for dressmaker or other business.
LACUNA, 525, near Hayes— Little store and
rooms to let. Apply 601 Hayes st.
PACIFIC. 328. near Sansome— Handsome large
store: very cheap to good tenant.
STORE and 2 rooms, «16. Twenty-first an*
Folsom sts. ; good location. _ m
STORE corner Lafayette and Howard; fixtures
for saloon. Apply 2S3S Mission nt. ■
TO Let— Small store. 226 Ellis St., $15. Apply
next door at jeweler.
OFFICES TO LET.
EMM^TsPRECKELS building. 927 Market si. :
light heat. Janitor and telephone: rents |U SO
to $20. ASHTON & GAttnVRB. room 210.
I MARKET. 1032. near Mason— Front suite, first
floor; for doctor or business; reasonable.
STABLES TO LET. __
STAPLE to let; 16 stalls. Inquire 410 Bay st.
EDUCATIONAL.
j AT^the^Woman's Educational and Industrial
1 Union 7 Van Ness aye.. English. French,
German Spanish, mandolin, violin, guitar,
painting, hair dressing. manicuring, dress-
making, millinery, elocution and phyrical
culture taught for $1 50 per month: Btnglnq
! and cooking taught for $1 per month; female
help supplied. .
I HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st.-Book-
keeplng. business practice shorthand, typ-
ing telegraphy, languages, English branches,
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; HUO grad-
uateß placed since 1802; catalogue.
AIRES' Business College. 723 Market St.; indi-
vidual instruction in shorthand, typing ," J
keeping, telegraphy, penmanship. English
branches, etc.; life scholarship. $*>0; low rates
per week and month.
INSTRUCTION— VioIin, piano, cornet, mando-
lin, etc/ THE MISSES LANE, 3941 Twenty-
fourth Ft., near Sanchez.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing mech. survey, assay, archlt.; day & eve.;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Marked
BANJO piano, mandolin, violin lessons 50c;
satisfaction guaranteed. 1027. Market st.
I LAW schools, 927 Market St.. city; 906 Broad-
way. Oakland; day and night.
! PRIVATE academy of dancing: waltzing a
specialty. MISS JEAN HUDDY, 6A Hyde.
SAN~FRANCISCO Business College. 1236 Mar-
ket st. ; 400 positions secured in last 2 years.
ELOCUTION and oratory: F. Cooke Caldwell:
16 yrs. experience. Press Club bldg.. 123 EIII-.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught: short time. Tarr, 572 Parrott bldg.
ZITHER lessons given by MAX MAIER, 526
Turk St., bet. Larkln and Polk.
lion 000 to loan on diamonds, sealskins and jew-
elry UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
CARPET CLEANING.
i CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carp«ts. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 2.t0.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Workß. 353-57 Tehama st. : tel. 8. 40.
I CARPETS cjeaned at 3c per yard: laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st. : tel. Jessie 944.
J E MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.: cleaning, 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
' CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.:
tel. Mam 394. CEO WOLCOM. Proprietor
PHYSICIANS.
DR C C. O'DONNELL. office and residence,
| l_o6 Market; diseases of women a specialty.
i DR MACQUEEN'S Family Consulting Room..
Advice and medicine. $1 50; open 9:30 to 5. 99T
Market, cor. 6th. opp. Wetnstock & Lubln ».
STORAGE.
PIERC_>RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office 401 Post at., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5711.
"financial.
FOREIGN and home capital to Invest. SYL-
VAIN SALOMON, bmkpr. 32S Montg' mery i
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been t?sue<i as fallows:
Andrew Nyman and Bertha M. Lunde 33-24
Edward T. Johnson and Annie D. Carlson. 2B-2^
I C \ Knudsen and Rose Mosbacher 33-21
I Attiliio Sartini and Catterina Feretti 29-22
• Frank Jacopi and Adelina Peririni 2.'-13
"Births— marriages— death i
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
| mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
i in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and resi ence of per-
sons authorised to have the sami publlshed.
BORN.
BREDEHOFT— In this city November 5. IS9B,
to the wife of C. Beredehnft. a daughter.
BURMHAM— In this city. November 12. \$W, to
the wife of Dr. Clark Burnham, a dauj hter.
DINKELSPIEL— In this city. November 11,
IS9B, to the wife of Louis M. Dinkelspiel, a
FLOETHK— In this city, November 11. 1898, to
the wifp of R. Floethe. a daughter.
HEATH— In this city. November 6. 1838, to the
wife at W. S. Heath, a daughter.
JUDGE— In this city, November S. 1898, to ttrt
\v ; fe of Bernard Judge, a sin.
LEWENTHAL— In this city, November 9. IS9B.
to the wife of Leopold H. Lewenthal. a son.
MAYER— In this city, November 9. IS3B, to the
wife of August Mayer, a dauynter.
I MILLER— In this city. November 5, 1898, to the
wife ot W. J. Miller, a son.
RAHMER— In this city November 3, IS9B, to
the wife of Fred Rahmer. a daughter.
RAVN— In this city. November S. IS9S, to the
wife of Jakob Ravn, a son.
STACK— Ia this city, November tt, 1888, to the
wife of James H. Stack, a daughter.
TITTEL— In this city. November 7, 189S, to the
wife of Ro+>ert Tittel. a son.
I -
MARRIED.
BROWN— MURPHY— In this city. November 10.
I*3S at St. Rose's Cb*rch. by tne Rev. Father
Nugent. Peter J. Brown and Mamie Murphy,
both of San Francisco.
CRONIN— McCLOSKEY— In this city, Novem-
ber 7, 1898, at St. Mary's Cathedral, by the
Rev Father Prender^ast, V. G.. William J.
Cronin and Katie A. McCloskey. both of San
Francisco.
DE WITT— STEWART— In this city. November
10 18S8. by the Rev. John Stephens, Mor-
timer C. de Witt and Effle L. Stewart, both
of Sr.n Francisco.
KEEFFE-RIORDAN— In this city. November T,
18& X. by the Rev. Father Phillips. Th -mas H.
Keeffe of the City of Mexico and Mollle Rior-
t'an of San Francisco.
KEELEY— SLYTER— In this city. November
10. isos. Edward E. Keeley and Alice Slvter,
I both of San Francisco.
McCAFFERY— W__ODS— In San Rafael, No-
vember 6, ISOB, by the Rev. Father Lagan,
John M. M-Caffery and Bella S. Woods, both
of San Francisco.
WALLACE— CRANK— In this city. Novembers.
IS9S, at Trinity church, by the Rev. Edgar
J. Lion, assisted by the Rev. H. E. Cook,
John Perret Wallace and Henrietta Edith
Crane.
DIED.
Alexander, Alexander McKenna. Owen
Baumelster. Maria Mack. Annie E.
Bertrand, Haydee Nolan, Michael
Crane. Sophy C. H. Olson, Bridget
Crooks, Sophia A. Riordan. Michael J.
Dillon. Dennis F. Sheehan. James J.
Ehrenpfort. Edward Smurthwaite, Elixa-
Ford, Mack beth
Griffin. John W. Van Bergen. N.
Hald. Jennie E. Van Doern. Loula
Hetiry. John B. Ward, Elizabeth
Jackman, Margaret Weber. Michael
Johnston. Robert Werner, Minna
Judge, Eugene J.
ALEXANDER— In Oakland, November 11, IS9S.
Alexander Kinnear. beloved husband of Ellen
Alexander, and father of Clarence. Robbie
and Maggie Alexander, a native of Arbroath.
Scotland, aged 38 years.
\ET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tho funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Masonic Hall,
East Fourteenth street, near Fruitvaie ave-
nue, under the auspices of Woodman Lodge.
Ren'iains at the mortuary chapel of Bessie J.
Wood, 1128 Twenty-third avenue.
BAUMEISTER— In this city, November U,
Maria Barbara, beloved daughter of Henry
and Maria Baumeister. and sister of Anna
and William Baumelster, a native of San
Francisco, aged 1 year 2 months and 27 days.
BERTRAND— In this city, November IJ, 1898,
1314
Haydee. beloved dauphte*- of Emlle and Marie
Bertrand, and beloved sister of Alice, A.mcc.
Mercedes and Georges Bertrand, a native of
Ban | at:e d ll ytars 3 months and 7
clays.
CRANE- In the shipwreck of the Mohegan. In
Use English Channel. October 14. 1838. Sophy
Case Hall, widow of the late Alfred c. Crane
nnd mother of L. A. and F. H. Crane and
Mrs. W. R. Farrington.
E^Friend? are Invited to attend the funeral
services at the residence of her sister, Mrs.
Stephen G. Nye. 692 Twenty-fourth street.
Oakland, this day (Sunday) at 3 o clock.
Interment at Santa Cruz Monday. November
14 at 12 o'clock, on the arrival ot the nar-
ro'w-paufce train. Friends are also invited to
the burial
CROOKS— In Oakland, November 12, IS9B. So-
A.. widow or the late M. J. Crooks, a
native of Boston. Mass., aged 46 years 1
th snd IS days.
B rNotlce Of funeral hereafter.
DIII'.>N — In New York, November 5. ISOS,
Dennis F. Dillon, a native of Ireland, aged
38 years. '%'.'■■ ■■"■'■-■
EHREXPFORT-In this city November 12.
ISSB Edward Ehrenpfort, father of B. Ehren-
i.fort. and brother of William Ehrenpfort.
BoDhia Egjrera Mathilda Hagen, Mrs. Deli-
ng the late Fr. Ehrenpfort and Mrs. EnuUe
Loewe. a native of Germany, aged 50 years
' 9 /•■■h, S ?u n nera? a wU, take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
H F Subr & Co.. 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Cremation Odd Fellows' cemetery.
FORD-In the City and County Hospital. No-
vember 12. 1898. Mack Ford, a native of In-
Diana, aged 45 years. "
GRIFFIN— In Oakland. November 10, 18?S, John
Vv., husband of Ellen A. Griffin., and father
of Marguerite. Annie, Clarence and TV ally
Fddv and Nellie Griffin, a native of New-
townards. County Down, '-eland, aged 57
years a:.-; 7 months. .„„.,
* ■Friend* and acquaintances are respect .-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of California Lodge No.
1. F. and A. M. Interment Masonic ceme-
tery
M. E. B. A. No. The funeral of Brother J.
W. Griffin takes place this day (Sunday), at
2 o'clock, from Masonic Temple, corner Mont-
*omery and Port Bg«^ B^ g£$ eaU
J. J. SEAREY. Secretary.
HALD— At Point Montara, United States Fog
SiL-nal Station. November 10. IS9S, Jennie E.^
beloved wife of Henry Hald, and beloved
Shter Of Mrs. Julia Knapp, a native of
Pescadero, Cal., aced 26 years.
Z^r Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday) at 9 o'clock, from the residence of
her mother. HIT Alabama street, between
Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth, thence to
St Peters Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing :it 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
HENRY— In this city. November 12. IS9B, John
B beloved husband of Mary Henry, and
father of Mrs. James N. Abbay, a native of
New York, N. V., aged SO years 9 months and
IS days.
JACKMAN— In this city. November 12, IS9B.
Margaret beloved wife of Robert Jackman,
I er of Bell Jackman. Henry and Joseph
Richardson and Mrs. Charles Mathews, and
daughter of James H. and the late Mary
White, a native of Sydney, Australia, aged
Is years 4 months and 16 days.
JOHNSTON— In Redwood City, November 11,
Robert, beloved husband of Hannah
Stranahan Johnston, and uncle of Rev. R.
J. Johnston of Sacramento, a native of Ire-
land, aged 71 years 7 months and 20 days.
(C7"The funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 10:43 o'clock, from the Congrega-
tional Church. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by 12:12 o'clock train. Friends and
acquaintances are respectfully invited to at-
tend.
Jt'lx'.E— ln this city, November 10, IS9S. Eu-
gene J.. beloved infant son of Rose and Ber-
nard Jud^e.
McKKNNA— In this city. November 12, IS9S,
Owen McKenna, a native of Ireland, aged 63
years.
MAi "K— ln this city, November 12, 189S, Annie
E., relict of the late John Mack, and mother
of Mrs. Annie Stewart and Jacob Petri, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 72 years.
N< 'LAN— In Oakland, November 12. IS3S, Mich-
ael, beloved husband of Mary Nolan, father
ot James, J.>hn, Maurice, Dennis, George
Frankie, Lizzie and Mary Nolan, and brother
f Mrs. Hannah Treacy, a native of Ireland,
aged 53 years and 2 months.
ICTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 113 Chase street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
OLSON— In this city. November 12. 1898, Brid-
get, wife of Olof Olson, mother of Joseph and
Daniel O'Hanlon, sister of Mrs. J. O'Malley,
aunt of John Desmond, Mrs. H. Lock and J.
Kelly, and grandmother or Evelyn O'Hanlon,
a native of County Kerry, Ireland, aged 51
years.
RIORDAN— In this city. November 11. 1898.
Michael Joseph, beloved son of Bridget and
the late Patrick Riordan, and brother of Pat-
rick, Katie and Lizzie Riordan, a native of
San Francisco, aged 33 years and 25 days.
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late r^sl-
dence, 611 L street, between Seventh and j
Kipl.th avenues south, thence to All Hal- !
lows' Church, where a requiem high mass !
will be celebrated for the repose of hi? soul, j
commencing at 9 o'clock. ' Interment Mount j
Calvary Cemetery.
EHEEHAN— In this city. November 11. IS9S,
James J., beloved son of Johannah Sheehan,
a native of San Francisco, aeed 25 years.
ICy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at S:l5 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 4579 Eighteenth street, thence
t.i Mission Dolores Church, where a requiem
mafrf will be celebrated for the repose of his
snul, commencing at 8:45 o'clock. Interment
'!-unt Calvary Cemetery.
BMURTHWAITB— In Mountain View. Novem-
ber 8, 1898, Elizabeth, relict of the late Rob-
ert Smurthwalte, a native of England, aged
tra and & months.
VAN HERGEX-In this city. November 10. 189 S.
Nicholas, dearly beloved husband of Rebecca
Van Bereen. a native of Neunwalde, Ger-
many, aged 77 years 2 month? and 17 days.
CjTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrnw
(Monday), at 11 o'clock, from St. Paul's
Lutheran Church, corner Gough and Eddy
streets. Interment private, Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery. Piease omit flowers.
VAN POFRN— In this city. November 12. IS9B,
Louis, beloved husband of the late Christine
Van Doern, and stepfather of Charlotte,
Gerlchten and Ernest Hoffman of Santa Cruz,
and uncle of Constance Debor. a native of
Belplum. aped 7S years 1 month and 3 days.
IT^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1209 Mission street, near
Eig-hth.
WARD— In the City and County Hospital, No-
vember 12, IH9H. Elizabeth Ward, a native of
California, aged 31 years.
WEBER— In this city, November 12, 1898. Mich-
ael, dearly beloved husband of Barbara
Weber, and dearly beloved father of Freder-
ick Weber, a native of Rheinpfalz, Germany,
aged 70 years 9 months and 9 days.
WERNER— In this city, November 10, 1898,
Minna, dearly beloved wife of George Wer-
ner, mother of George F. . Eddy X., Emma
L.. Phillip. Charles and Frank A'erner, and
Bister of Mrs. A. Miltenberger. Mrs. L. Gab-
ler, Mrs. E. Weuner and J. Brand, a native
of Bavaria, Germany, aged 4S years 1 month
and 29 days.
(ETThe funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), nt 1:20 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1522 Filbert street, between Octavia
and Laguna. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery.
A. B. GALLAGHER Mrs. H. J. GALLAGHER
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
Successors to Flanafan & Ga.lagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAL:'ERS.
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln school.
Telephone South 80.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, November 12.
Bktn Ruth. Challeston, 12 .lays lrom Seat- I
tie.
SAILED.
Saturday, November 12.
Stmr Aroata, Reed, Coos Bay.
Stmr Chilkat, Anderson, Eun-ku.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, Mendocino.
Stmr Lacuna. Ericcson.
Stinr Srctia. Thompson.
Schr Newark, Beck, Bowens Landing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Nov 12-10 p. m.— Weather,
*ieax. velocity. 12 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
NEWPORT— SaiIed Nay 12— Schr Mabel G.ay,
for Eureka.
SEATTLE— Arrived Nov 12— Stmr r.'lhu
«, hence Nov 8.
No* 12-Stinr City of Topekl, for 1
Dyea.
SEATTLE— Arrived Nov 12— Br ship Garsdale
. gchr IK-ra. hence Od _
BAY- Balled Nov 12 BUnr Alliance, for
raoclsco; schr Gem, for San i-y...
echr ' Hen, f ro: o;hr Viking, I
I IHebonne, U,v I- r v
- way Balled Nov u— aimr KtQpire, for
Ban Francli
:EKA— Sailed Nov 12— Stmr Pomona, for
Ltieffwjo; stmr P'>uth f'.a e t, for .
vs HARBOR Sailed Nov 11-Ktmr Na
tlonal <"ity. for S.m Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Nov 12— Aus
iima, from Nanalmo.
Sailed Noi 12 Btmr Alcatraa, for .
P GAMBLE— Sailed Nov Vi— Bktn Kliki
tai. for Honolulu.
BANDON— Arrived Nov 12— Schr Eureka, hnc
Oci 27
T BRAGG— Arrived Nov 12— Stmr Sequoia
hence Nov 11.
. Nov 12— Stmr CoquiDe River, for San
SOUTH' BEND— Arrived Oct 12— Schr Sadie,
from t!an Pedro
ed Nov IS— Stmr Signal, for San Fran-
QRATB HARBOR— Arrived Nov 12— Schr John
P Miller, from Rf-dondo. _.
d Nov 12— Scbra Neptune, C A Thayer
bnJ Dauntless for Pan Franclseo: BCtar Far.nle
Adele. for Santa Rosalia; uehr Martha W Tuft
tor Altata; Bchr O M Kellogg, for Saa Pedro;
I schr Salvator. for Pan Pedro; schr La Gironde
! for San Pedro; schr Laura Madsen, for San
I Francisco.
i ASTORIA— SaiIed Nov 12— Br ship Silbernorn.
I for Queenstown: Br stmr Ninpchow for — — .
Arrived Nov 12-Br ship Stronsa. from Kobe.
Br ship William Law. from Shanghai.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Nov 12— Stmr Amstei
dam. for Amsterdam; Rtmr La Gascogne. t- ■
Havre- ptmr Werkendam, for Rotterdam; strn:
Kaiser Wllhelm 11. Mediterranean ports; stm
Campania, for Liverpool; stmr Hekla. for Co
penhagen; stmr Palatia. for Hamburg
COPENHAGEN— SaiIed Nov 12— fctmr Thing
valla, for New York.
BREMEN —Sailed Nov 12— Stmr Karlsruhe,
for New York.
ANTWERP— SaiIed Nov 12— Stmr Xenslns
ton. for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed Nov 12— Stmr Hel
•I. for New York; stmr Paris, for Nev.
York
Arrived Nov 12— Stmr Noordland, from New
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Nov 12— Stmr Lucan'.a.
for New York.
Arrived Nov 12— Stmr Aragonia, from Phila
deli.hia; stmr Bovlc, irorm New York; stmr
Etruria. from New York.
HAVRE— Sailed Nov 12— Stmr La Normandie.
for New York. ___^______^__^____
COMMERCIAL WORLD
Continued from Page Thirty.
WEATHER REPORT.
O2oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 12. 5 p. m.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending: at midnight, November 13, IS'JS:
Northern California— Fair Sunday; light east
wind.
Southern California— Fair Sunday; light
northerly winds.
Nevada. Utah and Arizona— Fair Sunday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Sunday;
light, variable winds.
Special report from Mount Tamalpais — Wind
northeast, light; temperature, 58; maximum. 59.
W. H. HAMMON.
Forecast Official.
Chicago Grain and Produce.
CHICAGO. Nov. 11.— The leading futures
ranged as follows: ___^___
"Wheat No. 2—
Article:-*— Open. High. Low. Close.
November ■••• 65 Vj
December 65% 66V4 65*4 65 1 *
May 66V» 66^ 66 66^
Corn No. 2—
November 31% 31*4 31% 31%
December 31 ■» 32H 31Ti 32%
May 33% 33% 33% 33%
Oats No. 2— \
December 23»; 23% 23% 23%
May 24% 24% 24% 24%
Mess Pork, per barrel-
December . 785 755 ' 785 785
January 8 92^4 8 92% 8 92>4 8 92%
Lard, per 100 pounds-
December 4 90 4 90 4 85 4 87%
January 465 495 4 92% 495
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
December 4»0 450 450 £* 50
January 4 55 4 57 4 65 4 57%
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, steady; special brands, $4 10; hard
Patents, $3 40@3 60; soft patents, $3 30if3 40;
straights, $3ig3 10; bakers,' $2 40©2 f.O; No. 2
spring wheat. 65@66m.i-; No. 3 spring wheat,
61.- J 'a64'4c; No. 2 red, 61Vb; No. 2 corn, 32H@
33c; No. 2 oats, 25<5 25 1 .jc; No. 2 white, 27'^c; No.
3 white, 25 I 4 'a'27%i;" No. 2 rye, 49 L ie; No. 2 bar
ley, 37@49c; No. 1 flax seed. $1; prime timothy
seed $2 22V?; mess pork, per barrel, $7 85<j}7 90;
lard, per 100 pounds, $4 92^@4 95; short ribs
sides (loose), $4 So@s 10; dry salted shoulders
(boxed), 4%@4%c; short clear sides (boxed).
$4 s5C(i4 95; whisky, distillers' finished goods,
per Ballon. $1 25; sugars, cut loaf, $5 64; granu
lated. $5 14.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 9.700 10.000
Wheat, bushels 131.000 129,000
Corn bushels 395.000 607.000
Oats, bushels 310, 'W0 231,000
Rye bushels 25.000 30.500
Barley, bushels 77.000 16,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; Creameries, 14@'21^c; Dai
ries, 12Vi@19c. Eggs, steady; fresh, lS'.VglSc.
Cheese, unchanged.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Nov. !2.— Exchanges, (2 80@
3 65; balances, $68,940.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Nov. 12.— Wheat, nothing doing;
nominal export values, 59c for Walla, 62@63c for
valley and bluestem.
Cleared— Bark Uwelle with 143.136 bushels
wheat; bark Mozambique, with 132.025 bush
els barley and 33,333 bushels wheat, both for
Queenstown.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Nov. Wheat. Club and blue
stem, 63@64c.
Wheat, receipts by the Northern Pacific into
Tacoma since January 1, 189 S. up to November
9 amounted to more than those of any similar
period since 1895. There were 8654 cars or 6,
525,116 bushels.
Cleared— Atlanta for Capetown with 92.400
bushels wheat. It was carried in burlap sacks
of 250 pound* «arh.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks were weaker and the close
was much lower.
In local securities Hana Plantation was the
active stock, selling between $18 25 and $18 75.
Giant Powder was stronger at $59 50<g59 75. The
other stocks were about as before.
A special meeting of the stockholders of the
Hexter Gold Mining Company has been called
for January 20, 1898, to consider a proposition
to reduce the capital stock from $30,000,000, di
vided Into 300,000 shares of the par value of
$100 per share, to $30,000, divided Into 300,000
shares of the par value of 10 cents per share.
The Justice assessment of 10 cents per share
will be delinquent In the company's office to
morrow.
The South Eureka Mining Company has levied
an assessment of 3 cents per share, delinquent
December 16.
The North Star Mining Company of Grass
Valley has declared a dividend of 25 cents per
share, payable Immediately. This is the tenth
dividend, but Is the first one declared in sev
eral years. The total of the dividend is $50,000.
The Oakland Gas, Light and Heat Company
will pay a regular monthly dividend of 25 cents
per share on Tuesday.
The Pacific and Sunset Telephone and Tele
graph companies will pay their regular monthly
dividends on TueEday.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY. Nov. 12—10:30 a. m.
Bid.Aak. Bid.Ask.
U S Bonds— 3 F G & E.... 87% 88
<s tiuar .112%113 San Fran .... 3 3%
4s quar reg...111%111«4 Stockton Gas.. 13 —
(s quar new,..127%12S Insurance —
Js quar coup.. — Flrem's Fund. 2o6 —
Miscellaneous— Water Stocks—
Cal-st Cab a 5. .115 117 Contra Costa.. — 58
Cal £1 OB ....125 — Marin Co 50 . —
C C Wat 55... 100% — Spring Valley.lol —
Pup-et ex c... — 98% Bank Stocks—
E L & P 6». .130 — Anglo-Cal .... 61 63
F & Cl Ry 65. 114 — (Bank of Ca1..249%2fi0
Geary-st X sa. — 100 Cal SD & T.. 98 100
H C & S B%s. — 110 : First Natlonl.2lo 220 ,
Do gntd 65.. — 102 Urn P & A....131\ —
L, AL Co 6s. — 100 Mer Exchange — 16
Market-st 65.. 128% — Nev Nat 8....175%177
Do Ist M 55.115»-i — . Savings Banks—
N C NGRy 78.108 — Ger S & L..1600 1640
N Ry Cal .113 — Hum *at L.IMM 1160
NRy Cal .104% — Mutual Say. 35 46
NPC R R 68.103 — S F Say U.. 495 —
NrC X X 05.100%101 :t> & L 50.... — 100
N Cal R R ss. — — 'Security S B 300 350
Oak Gas 55....108%109% Union T C 0.1060 —
Om Ry 6s 126 V*127% Street Railroads—
P&CI Ry 6s. — 107 California ....105\109%
p & O 89 112 — Geary 45 —
Powell-st 65... — 123 Market-st .... 54% 55%
Sac El Ry 58.100 — Presidio 9 10
B F & S P 55.U0%11l Powder—
SierraßCal 65.104%105% California ....125 140
SPof Ar 65..105% — E dynamite... S5 95
S P Cal ...11l - Giant Con Co. 59% 60
BPC Is eg 55. .102 — VlKorit 2% 3
c; j. Hr 63 . 116 — Miscellaneous—
B V Water 65. 11 \ — Al Pac Assn.. —
B V Water 45.10^ : .i102% Ocr Ld Wk5..160 —
I V W4«f3dm).101% — Hana P C 0.... 18% 18%
Itktn Gas 6s .100 - H C & S Co.. 68% 59%
Gas ft Electric- • Hutch S P Co. 66% 66%
Cent Gaslight. los — Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Cent L & P.-- 9% - Oceanic S Co. 62% 62%
Mutual El Co. 9% 10 |-Pac A F A... 1% 2%
Oakland Gas.. 52* 53% Pac C Hor C 0.105 -
Pic Gas Imp.. 87% - Par Paint Co. 7% —
Pac L Co 48 49 !
Morning Session.
250 Giant Powder Con, s 30 59 50
10 ■ do do 59 75
Hana Plantation Co 18 25
25 do do IS 37»4
150 do do 18 50
200 do do 18 62%
185 do do IS 75
SO Hutchlnson S P Co 06 50
20 do do ' b SO 6b ia
150 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar...;.. 58 S7Vi
130 do do M 75;
45 do do 50 00
2;,!,, P & A Bank... ......132 00
100 Market-street Hallway 55 00
110 000 Harket-st Ry Con Bonds r,s 110 50 .
J2OOO Northern Ry of Cal os Bonds 104 50
20f> Oceanic Steamship Co 62 86
5 Pacific Gas Imp 87 60
SBF Gas & Electric C 0.... 87 00
10 do do • 87 25
500 Vlgorit Powder — - 3 CO
Street— ■"■--'„ „_
100 Oceanic Steamship Co 62 2;.
60 Pacific Gas Imp .... 87 50
' INVESTMENT BOARD. •
• Mornins Session.
35Hutchlnson S P.C0.... 68 00
25 Hawaiian Commercial -& Sugar ...> 58 S7\<,
60 do do .:......:....... ...58 75
25 do do 59 00 ;
■. 10 Spring Valley Water .. ;..........'... 101 00 .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SUNDAY. NOVEMBER 13, 1893.
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
sco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
00 Andes lliMOOOphir 75
TOO Beiener Tl 600 Overman 07
-t & Belcher. 30 200 Potosi IS
• 'hollar 30 1000 Savage 21
.no Con CaJ & Va...l 40 300 Sierra Nevada... 85
'OOHale & Norcrs. 95; 200 Union Con 28
; 'Mi Justice 20 200 Utah 09
200 21 200 Yellow Jacket... 22
iOfl Mexican 211
Following were the Bales in the Pacific Stock
'.oard yesterday:
Morning Session.
CO Belcher 23 400 Crown Point ... 11
.00 22 300 Gould & Curry.- 21
iOC Best & Belcher. 31 400 20
iUO 30 400 19
300 29 400 Justice 20
1000 2» 900 1?
mjO Bullion 07:200Ophir It
600 Caledonia 3uil2Uo ' 73
200 29 i 1000 Overman 07
aOO Challenge Con.. 20^200 Potosi VI
200 Chollar 23 200 18
200 2S 500 Savage 82
200 Con Cal & Va-.a 40 400 21
200 1 37Vi 300 Sierra Nevada... 87
»00 135 200 85
4(10 1 30 500 Union Con 29
300 1 274 300 Utah w
300 1 28 MO Yellow Jacket... 22
200 Hale & Norcrs. 91300 21
200 90 1200 -'0
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, Nov. 12—12 m.
Bid. Ask., Bid.Aak.
Alpha 03 05 Justice 20 21
Alta 07 OS Kentuck 07 10
Andeß 09 10 Lady Wash ... — 06
Belcher 21 21 Mexican 16 20
Best & Belcher 28 23 New York — 04
Benton — lP|Occidental 47 —
Bullion 06 0* Ophir 71 72
Caledonia — 30 Overman 06 07
Challenge Con. 18 20 Potoal 17 18
Chjilar 26 ?:> Savage 20 21
Confidence — 60 Scorpion 03 04
Con Imperial .. 01 02 Seg Belcher ... 03 04
Con Col &. Va.l 20 1 2 Sierra Nevada. S2 84
Crown Point .. 11 12 Silver Hill — 07
Exchequer — 04 Syndicate 03 —
Eureka Con ... 30 35 Standard ISO —
Gould & Curry. 19 20 Union Con 24 27
Hale & Norcrs. 90 — Utah 08 09
Julia — 02 Yellow Jacket.. 20 21
MINING STOCKS.
Highest prices of stocks during the week:
Name at Stock.
|M.i
X.
w.
T.
F.
Alpha
Alta
Andes
Belcher
Best & Belcher
Caledonia
Challenge
Chollar
Con. Cal. & Va
Confidence j
Crown Point
Gould & Curry ;
Hale & Norcross
Justice
Mexican
Ophir
Overman
Occidental
Potosl
Savage
Standard
Sierra Nevada
Union •.
Utah
Yellow Jacket
061
....
....
....
06 06 03
07 07 07
11 11 11
25 24 22
32 S3 30
33 30 30
22 20 IS
| 22 20! 30
1 40jl 60 1 40
11
24
21
21
|1 50
....
31
24
....;
....
1
....
....
....
....
....
....
.....
...,
OS
55 | 60 ....
16 13! 11
22 22 20
1 00 95 95
09 17 21
23 24 21
•J7 80 75
OS 06 07
48 48 i 47
21 20 IS
25 24 21
II SO 1 SO 1 SO
92 90 85
a 33 28
09 OS 09
! 26 23 22
....:
21
....
....
I
....
....
....I
24
|....
HOTEL ABRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
J E Baker. Folsom B L Foster, Mendocino
A S Rlx. San Jose C E Lindsay, S Cruz
S J Orady, Sacto C H Willis & s. Ohio
Mrs W Shaw, Sacto F Hamilton, Vallejo
Miss M Shaw,. Sacto S S Patten. Palo Alto
F A Shaw. Wash H W McCuskey. S Mto
W P McEvoy, Rdwd C H B Martin. S Jose
F J Hambly. S Jose IMiss M C Gill, Ashland
W R Houghton, S Jose 1 1) Harris & w. Stktn
B C Hartson. Napa B B Hardwlck, Md
W 6 Mann, S.Rafael A W Warden. N V
F Putnam, L Ang J Ross, Carlon
C E Hatch, S Andreas J B Sanford. Ukiah
W H Bell, NY IW Shaw, Sacto
Miss Traver, Portland W H Heywood.Gualala
X W Holland. Tulare I Mrs A C Hlnz. Mill V
F Palmer, L Ang [Miss A Hinz, Mill Val
S B Fulton, S Rosa |E H Gerber, Sacto
P H Powers ft w, N Y|
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J H Cullen. Chicago J McConaghy, N V
H W Fox. Oregon H H Scovel, L An«
O H Sampson, Cal I McKinnan, SS Belglc
A Jones, L Ang J R Lowe, S Jose
W Hawlpy&w, Boston C Hunter, L Ang
Flo Irwin. NY A X Bailey, Cleveland
B Coffman, Chicago D Carllngton. Boston
W Ketrhum, Chicago R Dawson. Boston
C A Smith, Boston L D Stanton, N V
H A Kldder. Sacto G Castleman, Portld
C H Smith. Boston G B Clary, Portland
O M Field, Redwood C Armstrong, Portld
W D Davis. Goat Isl G V Benton. Stockton
W P Shaw, Louisville R A Davis, Stockton
F Charles. N V
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J H Peterson&w.Vlntn sonville
S M Folen. Or F Ashton. Riverside
H Swanson. Or C Sortman, Kans
Mrs X Jones, Castrovl A Simmons, Benicia
H J Snider, Mont H Carlton, Chgo
W Mr Kay, San Jose R Meade & w. N V
F Orlitz, Callstoga C Dates & w, N V
E Gleason, Benicia M Fandrez & w. B C
J M Smith, L Ante F P Mnran, S Miguel
A R Tanty. Sulsun 1H E Steele, Kans
A Glossop & w. Jack-lL H Smith & w, Masa
PALACE HOTEL.
F J Hill, Boston W H Cramer, N V
J S Tobln. Burllng-ame Mrs C Osborne, Cal
T T Williams Mass C Storck. N V
C C Holllngshead, N V Dr W S Taylor, Cal
J R Roy, B c B Steinman, Sacto
M A Morse, N Orleans It Nothout, Belgium
Miss c Murß<-, N Or'.ns I BUbop & w. Oaklnd
Miss L Morse, N Orlns 8 Moody. Plttsburg
E S Babcock, Coronado E T James, Phi la
A Goldman. Chicago J D Gibbs, Detroit
Mrs S Naber, Hambrg L Rodgers, Salinas
D Rickey. Cal J X Hecht. Berkeley
T V Abbott. Tacoma | E M Hecht, Berkeley
J H Kahn, Stanford Ij M Marshall &w, Cal
TRILBY MINE AFFRAY.
Two of the Participants in the Shoot-
ing Are Dead.
PRESCOTT, Ariz., Nov. 12.— The trag
edy at Trilby mine yesterday terminated
fatally, and William Murphy on one side,
and George Bernal on the other, are dead.
But one arrest has been made — that of
an associate of Bernal, named Swenlger.
upon whom suspicion rests. Both mon
fought desperately, each emptying his re
volver and falling In his tracks. Thfr
trouble was over the boundary lines of
mining claims. Both leave large families.
Of Interest to the Coast.
WASHINGTON, Nov. I^.— William J.
Derrick has been appointed a letter car
rier at San Francisco, vice Robert D.
Fairbanks, resigned. Thomas D. Sullivan
has been promoted to be letter carrier at
$1000 per annum at San Francisco.
A postal service has been established
between Sacramento and Delpaso. Mail
will be carried to Delpaso and back six
times a week.
W. H. Robertson, a letter carrier, has
been transferred from Omaha to Port
land, Or.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original— Charles D. Rogers,
San Francisco, 56; James H. Godden, Sau
salito, $17. Restoration and additional —
William H. Greene, dead, Evergreen, $10.
Increase— James C. Burns, Stockton, 110
to $12. Original widows, etc.— Lucinda H.
Greene, Evergreen, $8.
Schley Files a Report
WASHINGTON, Nov. 12. — Admiral
Schley to-day presented to the President,
the Secretary of State and the Secretary
of War copies of the report of the Porto
Rico Evacuation Commission. In the main
the report is nothing more than a tran
script of the daily record of proceedings
of the commission, noting each proposal
made to the Spanish Commissioners and
the counter-proposals, and winding up
with an account of the ceremonies at
tending the end of Spanish sovereignty
and the assumption of control by the
United States.
Sickness at Santiago.
SPRINGFIELD, 111., Nov. 12.— Advices
received in this city from members of the
Eighth Illinois Volunteers (colored) now
in Santiago province, state that fully 30
per cent of the regiment are in the hos
pitals. The Twenty-third United States
Infantry are encamped across the uuls
from the Eighth Illinois, and as yellow
fever has made its appearance in the
camp of the regulars, communication oe
tween the two camps has been forbidden.
Troops for Duty in Cuba.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 12.— With a view
to their subsequent transfer to duty in
Cuba, the following troops, now on the ;
way from Porto Rico, have been ordered
to go into camp at Savannah, Ga. : Bat
teries C and F, Third Artfllery; B of the
Fourth Artillery and D of the Fifth Ar
tillery; Troop B of the Second Cavalry
and Troop H of the Sixth Cavalry.
Order Restored at Havana.
HAVANA, Nov. 12.— The city has re
sumed its normal state of tranquility.
There have been no further incidents and
no further protests from the Orden Pub
lico have occurred.
Advanres made on furniture and pianos, ■with
or without removal. J. Noon&n, IQI7-1023 Mission.
TIGERS DEVOUR
OLD ELI'S SONS
Princeton Beats Yale at
Football.
SIX TO NAUGHT THE SCORE
BENJAMIN MAKES A SORRf
FUMBLE.
Loses the Ball, Which Poe Secures
and Makes a Ninety-Five-Yard
Run for a Touch-
Down.
Speclal Dispatch to The Call.
PRINCETON, N. J., Nov. 12.— The
Princeton Tigers defeated the Sons of
Old Eli on Brokaw field this afternoon
by the score of 6to 0. While it was one
of the most bitterly contested games
ever witnessed on a football field, it
was atthesametime one of the most un
satisfactory, not alone to the Yale team
and their supporters but also to the
wearers of the orange and black and
those who cheered them on to victory.
The solitary touchdown was made on
a miserable tumble by Right Halfback
Benjamin, when the ball was within
fifteen yards of Princeton's goal. The
ball had been carried down the field by
the Yale team by steady plunges into
the Princeton line, varied by an occa
sional end run, until it lay between
Princeton's 20 and 25 yard line. The
teams lined up and Desaulles signaled
for Benjamin to go through left tackle,
a position in Princeton's line which was
weak. The ball was passed and Benja
min dived into the mass of humanity.
A second later the ball was seen to roll
clear of the bunch of players and ad
vance toward Princeton's goal line.
Quick as a flash Poe, the Tigers' right
end, had gathered up the ball and was
sprinting down the field, with Cham
berlain, Stillman and Benjamin in hot
pursuit.
The further he ran the greater was he
in the lead, until in less time than it
takes to write it he had planted the ball
squarely between the posts of the much
coveted goal of Yale.
When Poe started on his 95-yard run
down the field the stands which sur
round the field were one surging, yell
ing mass of humanity. Old men and
women threw dignity aside for the time
being and joined with the younger but
none the less enthusiastic football
cranks in their cheers for Poe and
Princeton. It was several minutes be
fore the game could proceed on account
of the jubilant Tiger supporters crowd
ing on to the field. Later in the game,
when the excitement ran high, specta
tors who had seats in the grand stand
left their places and surged on the side
lines, the management making no effort
to clear the field.
To-day's game was almost a repeti
tion of the game at Cambridge on
last Saturday between the University
of Pennsylvania and Harvard. In the
latter game the wearers of the red and
blue gained almost three times as
much distance on bucking as did their
opponents, while Harvard scored on a
fumble. The same can be said of to
day's contest. Yale would carry the
ball down the field toward the Tigers'
goal, only to lose it on an exasperating
fumble.
On one occasion Yale carried the ball
by plunges into the line, fifteen yards,
finally losing it on a fumble within
twenty yards, of the Princeton goal.
Princeton was content to play on the
defensive until within about fifteen
minutes before the game was called,
and it looked as though they had been
instructed on this . point by their
coaches. Their entire effort at line
bucking during the first half and for
twenty minutes of the second half
netted them, all told, about fifty yards,
while their opponents had carried the
ball four times this distance. Yale's
play in the main was directed against
Princeton's left tackle, the one weak
spot in the Tigers' line.
The reports that had been sent out
from New York to the effect that the
Yale team was in a badly crippled con
dition had but little effect on the bet
ting on to-day's game.
The orange and black had been up
against Yale's "cripples" and their
spending money had gone toward pay
ing for the tuition of their opponents.
For the Princeton team the bright
particular stars were Palmer, Poe, Ed
wards, Ayres and Hildebrand, while
Durston, Townsend, Brown, Ely and
Coy did the best work for Yale.
When the teams lined the attendance
was about 15,000, with the adherents of
Princeton naturally in the majority.
There was no lack of Yale men and
women, however, and they lifted up
their voices in encouragement of their
favorites whenever opportunity offered.
The Princeton shouters were banKed in
a solid mass in the east stand, oppo
site the Yale contingent, and they kept
up an untiring shout for three hours,
varied only occasionally by a college
song.
Princeton. Position. T^'l"^
Palmer Left end Eddy
Geer ..... ....Left tackle Stillman
Crowdls Left guard • $™™
XardkV/.V.V/.V.V.niX guard .! Marshall
Edwards night guard ........Marshall
Hildebrand Right tackle ....Chamberlain
p oe Right end ....Coy
Duncan Quarterback De Baulles
Beardsley Left half ..Durston
Kafer ...... ...... Right half .Benjamin
Substitutes-Mills for CrowdU HuUhlnaon for
Duncan. Ayres for Beardsley Black for Kafer
Wheeler for Ayere, Ely for De Dulles Corw In
for Durston and Townsend for sienjamin.
Touchdown— Poo.' '£'• >•. ■
Goal from touchdown— Ayres.
Time— 36-mlnute halves. .
CHICAGO, Nov. 12.-Beaten by Chi
cago's advantage in weight. That is the
story in a nutshell of the game to-day
between the Chicago and Vv isconsn foot
ball elevens. Overmatched in weight by
an average of six to twelve pounds to a
man and with the additional handicap of
playing the first* half on the north end
of the field, the Wisconsin men -were
slowly but surely forced back to their
goal line. Captain Kennedy of -Chicago
finally boring through for a touchdown.
Hershberger kicked an easy goal. 1 his
occurred in the first ten minutes in the
first half, and it was the only score of the
game, though once again, in the second
half, it looked as if Chicago would score.
From the 35-yard, line the ball was car
ried • steadily down : the : field, Chicago s
heavy backs plunging into the Wisconsin
line for gain after gain. Here occurred
some of the most spectacular playing of
the game. Struggling desperately for
every inch the defense Wisconsin put up
made it necessary to twice measure tn
distance to see whether the necessary
five yards had been made. At last the
ball was brought to the two-yard line
but Chicago could get it no farther, and
a moment later Odea's foot sent the pig
skin far up the field. r '
Notwithstanding the closeness^ of the
1 score Chicago's goal was in real danger
only twice. Hershberger clearly outpoint
ed Odea in the first half, although one of
his kicks was blocked and another partly
stopped. He Sent . the ball : high and far
over the I Wisconsin's backs, and in dis
tance was the superior, by from five to
ten yards. In the second half., however,
Odea more than held his own In this re
spect, but Hershberger's dodging runs on
the return made up for this. m .
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 12.-The. famous
guards-back of Pennsylvania was brought
Into play in the football game at Frank
lin field between Pennsylvania and the
Indians from Carlisle School, and won a
voctory for the sons of Pennsylvania by
the i score of 35 to 5. • Before the mighty
rushes of the red and hlue in this, their
favorite play, the lusty line of Indian
braves wavered and broke from time to
time, allowing the Quakers steady con
secutive gains until a total of six touch
downs and five goals from touchdowns
gave Pennsylvania the top score of ib.
The redskins' only score was a goal from
the field by Wheeler in the first half. At
no other stage of the game was the
Pennsylvania goal in danger, although
most of the trouble in the second half
was in the Quakers' territory.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Nov. 12.— Harvard
defeated Brown on Soldiers' field to-day
in a game that at any other time during
the season would have been called an ex
citing one. The visitors scored six points
to Harvard's 17 and came so near scoring
a second time that only a disputed deci
sion saved the Harvard goal line. The
game was full of long runs and brilliant
individual plays but. ay was anticipated.
Harvard showed a decided Blackness aft
er her brilliant showing against Pennsyl
vania. Harvard played practically her
strongest line, with th" exception of the
right tackle, where Haughton was miss
ing.
DETROIT. Nov. 12.— The University of
Illinois w r as beaten by the University of
Michigan 12 to 5 to-day on a field that
was a veritable sea of mud. About 0000
spectators were present, of whom about
half were enthusiastic students from Ann
Arbor.
After five minutes' of play the men
were so plastered with mud as to be al
most unrecognizable. After some line
bucking Wildman ran twenty-live yards
around Illinois' right end and Barabee
was shoved over for a touchdown, after
seventeen minutes of play.
Illinois' only score was made after . a
fumble by Weeks, when Adsit grabbed
the ball and ran fifty yards for a touch
down.
At the end of the first half the score
was: Michigan 6. Illinois 5.
The field by this time was in very bad
condition, and the men after a scrim
mage had to have the mud washed off
their faces. The only scoring in the sec
ond half was upon a touchdown by Wild
man, after a run around the end. Touch
downs: Michigan, Barabee 1, Wildman 1.
Bennett kicked bith goals. Iillonis:
Touchdowns: Adsit 1.
LAWRENCE. Kans., Nov. I.— The Kan
sas City Medicos forfeited the football
game this afternoon to the University of
Kansas after twenty-five minutes' play
by a score of 6 to 0. Smith, the famous
tackle, put up a rough game, and, it was
charged, kicked Lewis during a scrim
mage toward the close of the first half.
MINNEAPOLIS, Nov. 12.— University
of Minnesota 17, Northwestern t>.
TAYLOR LOWERS A
TRIO OF RECORDS
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 12.— Major Tav
lor, the colored cyclist, to-day at Wood
side Park, according to the announce
ment of the timekeepers, made three of
the most remarkable record rides in the
history of cycle racing. He, it is claimed,
lowered the mile record of 1:32 3-5, held
by Edouard Taylore, the French cham
pion, to 1:32 flat. He took two trials to
lower the half-mile record of :48, held by
Willie Windle. On the first trial the time
announced was :45 4-5 and on the second
trial another fifth of a second was clipped
off. He thus, as claimed, lowered the rec
ord to :45 3-5. Taylor rode a chainless*
wheel and was paced by three quintets.
EASTERN BACE WINNERS.
Opening of the Autumn Meeting at
Bennings Track.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 12.— The autumn
meeting of the Washington Jockey
at the Bennings course was opened to
day. The weather was ideal, but the
track was somewhat slow. It was a poor
day for the favorites, only one in the five
events pulling through first at the wire.
Results:
First race, six furlongs— Kinnilcinniclc won,
Himtine second. Mizpah third. Time. 1:16.
Second race, five furlongs— Topgallant won.
Deceptive second, .Fudge Magee third. Time,
1:04.
Third race, steeplechase, about two and a
hair mile«— Trillion won, Arezzo second, Deca
pod third. Time. 5:45b
Fourth race, selling, six furlongs— General
Mortgary won. I>eando second, Tyrschema
third. Time, 1:16 1-5.
Fifth race, selling, one and a sixteenth miles
— Atlantus won, Banquo II second, Taranto
third. Time, 1:51 2-5.
NASHVILLE, Nov. 12.— Weather cloudy;
track slow.
First race, selling, six furlongs — Frank
Waters won. Howitzer second. Prince Zeno
third. Time, 1:19%.
Second race, five furlongs, for two-yeax-olds—
Ralvarse won, Mildred Kalnes second, De Blaise
third. Time. I:O6Vi.
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles— Jim
Flood won, Demosthenes second, Domsle third.
Fou'rthVace, four and a half furlongs— Triune
won, I'ellmell II second, Red Admiral third.
Time, :i>V
Fifth race, seven furlongs, selling— Connie
Mason won. Manzanita second, Halton third.
Time, 1:34.
CINCINNATI, Nov. 12.— Weather cloudy;
track heavy. Results:
First race, mile, selling:— Lord razer won,
Llewanna second, Royal Choice third. Time,
1"49% '<-:"."-*
'Second race, mile, for two-year-olds—Chan
cery won Shinfane second, Estabrooks third.
Time 1:50%. Volandtes finished second, but
was disqualified for fouling Estabrooks.
Third race, six furlongs— Horseshoe Tobacco
won Flop second. Primate third. Time. 1:18%.
Fourth race, five furlongs, handicap— Souchon
won, Florlscent second, Primavera third. Time,
1 Fifth race, mile and 500 yards, selling—Samo
var won, Joe Shelby second. Barton third.
T sTxth 2 £ct. mile. selllng-The Star of Bethle
hem won. McCleary second, R. B. Sack third.
Time, 1:43%.
CHICAGO, Nov. 12— Lakeside results.
Weather clear and cool. Track heavy.
First race seven furlongs— Czarowitz won,
Summer Sea second, Alvin W third. Time,
Second race, one mile — Boney Boy won, Mr.
Johnson second. Facade third. Time. 1 :*7.
Third race, seven furlonKS -O'Cnnnell won,
Newsgatherer second, Sea Robber third. Time,
Fourth race, five furlongs— Canova won.
Frank Bell second. Dave Waldo third. Time,
1 *('3V>
Fifth race, mile and an eighth— Boanerges
won. Swordsman second. Prince Blazes third.
Sixth race. flv# furlongs— Johnnie Williams
vnn Ella Penzance second, Nat P third. Time,
1:04V4-
Football at San Jose.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 12.— The San Jose and
Santa Clara High School football teams
played an interesting game at Cyders'
Park to-day, but neither scored. Before
the game started John E. Wing, the cy
clist, made a mile in 1:50 2-5, paced by a
tandem and triplet.
Nevada Defeats Belmont.
RENO. New, Nov. 12.— Football: Uni
versity of Nevada, 24; Belmont, 0.
REWARD FOR A MURDERER.
Price on the Head of the Sla^si' of
Miss Wallace.
PENDLETON, Or., Nov. 12.— Sheriff
Blackely has offered a reward of $1000 for
the apprehension and conviction of tiie
murderer of Miss May Wallace, the young
woman who was shot on Thursday night
while standing in front of a window in her
home. The affair appears to be still
shrouded in mystery, although an officer
here claims he will within a few days
bring to light the murderer.
SHOT BY A NEGRO ROUGH.
One Soldier Killed and Another Mor
tally Wounded in Alabama.
m'NTSVILI^E. Ala., Nov. 12.— Private
Jackson, Troop H, was instantly killed
and Corporal Garrett. Troop H, mortally
wounded late to-night by "Horse" Dour-
W« a negro rough of this city. Both men
belonged to the Tenth Cavalry. No one
siw the killing. Douglas was seen with
the two soldiers in the tough part of tne
city and his pistol had three empty shells.
He 'is In jail, but denies the crime. A
rumor has been circulated that the Tenth
Cavalry would lynch the prisoner.
Burned in a Barn.
OWOSSO, Mich.. Nov. 12.— 1n the vil
lage of Perry, south of this city, Rowe &
Co.'s large livery barn was burned early
to-day. Charles Taylor, one of the pro
prietors, and his family lived over the
barn. Mrs. Taylor, her daughter and a
man named Clark were buried beneath
tbe fallen roof and burned to death Mr.
Taylor got out. but was frightfully
burned and cut. The property loss Is
about $6000, partly insured.
Tod Sloan Coming Home.
IJVTSRPOOL. Nov. 13.— The Cunard
steamer Lucania. which sailed from this
port to-day for New York, had on board
as passenger Tod Sloan, the American
jockey, and Mme. Melba and Zelie de
Lussan, the operatic singers.
GENERAL CORBIN`S
ANNUAL REPORT
Recommendations as to
the Volunteers.
SHOULD BE MUSTERED OUT
ABE SERVING AT PERSONAL
SACRIFICE.
Favors an Immediate Increase of the
Regular Army and More Pay
for Non-Commissioned
Officers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 12.— Adjutant
General Corbin has made his annual re
port to the Secretary of War. It con
tains much of a statistical nature about
the armies of the United States, includ
ing the regular and volunteer branches.
Discussing the volunteer army General
Corbin says:
Since the signing of the protocol the
officers and men of the volunteer regi
ments have remained at their posts of
duty, in most cases at great personal
sacrifice. That they have done this cheer
fully and without complaint makes it all
the more desirable that a speedy increase
of the regular army be provided for in
order that the volunteers may be released
from further service and be allowed to
return to their peaceful vocations.
General Corbin has the following to
say concerning the increase of the reg
ular army:
The organization of the cavalry, artil
lery and infantry regiments has stood
the test of trial in battle and received
the approval of those in command, so
that the increase of the line of the army,
demanded by our new possessions. Bhould
be by the additions of the necessary num
ber of regiments, organized as are those
now in service. The number of officers
should be increased by one first lieutenant
to each troop, battery and company. This
would enable the department to meet the
demands to various details required by
law and then leave the troops with the
necessary number of officers for their
proper discipline and instruction, and in
war allow the appointment of sufficient
generals and general staff officers without
destroying the efficiency of the army, as
threatened by the recent experiment of
the department. The number of trained
officers as herein provided for at the be
ginning of the present war would have
saved lives and treasure, to say nothing
of the increased efficiency of the service.
At the beginning of the present war
some 400 officers were appointed to the
staff of volunteer regiments. With these
and the aids to the generals and officers
on other duty absolutely required for the
conduct of the w.ar absent from their com
mands, the regiments were sent to battle
with scarcely more than one officer to
the company.
It is difficult now. what with the sick
and wounded officers, for the department
to get one officer to the company, and
too frequently there have been two com
panies with but one officer. The increase
proposed would in no way give a greater
number of officers than required.
Officers serving in the West Indies and
Philippines will, as a rule, be separated
from their families, and their living ex
penses will be greatly increased. It is
recommended that all officers below the
rank of major, while so serving, shall
have the pay and allowances of the next
higher grade.
General Corbin recommends that the
men of the National Guard who entered
the volunteer army be allowed to re
turn and be readmitted to their State
organizations.
His advice to those who control the
National Guard is that, at the yearly
State encampments, the men be made
dependent for their subsistence on the
army ration to be furnished by the
State authorities on ration returns and
to be cooked by the troops in precisely
the same manner as in actual service
in the field. This would give them the
same self-reliance which characferizes
the regular soldier on active duty.
General Corbin also recommends an
Increase in the pay of non-commis
sioned officers.
The War Investigation.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 12.— A1l the mem
bers of the War Investigating Committee,
ADVERTISEMENTS. • " ..__.'
88888888888888888888 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 Sjj
[EVERY MAI I CALIFORNIA j
2 SHOULD READ THESE SYMPTOMS. «
« a
*° Loss of energy, loss of appetite, general debility, short- Jj
85 ness of breath, trembling of the hands, palpitation of the g«
25 heart, impaired sight and memory, pimples on the face, back *°
p- and shoulders; want of confidence, desire for solitude, list- •»
*° , lessness, inability to fix the attention, excitability of temper, jj
8? night sweats, blushing without cause, lowness of spirits, gg
85 languidness, eruptions on the skin, mind Irritable and de-
o. sponding, pains in the back, loins and kidneys; disturbed •»
* ' and unrefreshing sleep, indigestion, pains in the back of the 28
•o head, dizziness, specks floating before the eyes, wasting of gg
85 the muscles, dislike to enter society, fear of insanity and in-
ou till numerable nervous affections. * 8
<?• n
m ' ft \^^^ m
■ | I I Contracted Ailments, Blood Poison, Etc. 88
o« Men who are troubled with any of these afflictions should 88
i £ consult Dr. Meyers & Co. If the disease has been recently 88
!*° contracted or has become chronic, painful and dangerous $s
!88 from bad treatment or neglect, these physicians can cure it r*
|j« I quickly and permanently. No injurious drugs ever used. it
i| I Patients Need Not Pay Until They An Cured. a.
m ! Dr. Meytrs & Co. have such confidence in their success- *&
*° ! fui remedies and methods that they will let the patient de- 88
88 i posit the price of a cure in any bank or with any business 88
53 I house or newspaper in San Francisco, to be paid to them «
c, ! only when a cure is effected. If patients prefer they may £
|*° \ pay for a cure in monthly installments. This is the fairest *°
88 ; proposition ever made by any reputable institution. The pa- ™
■2? j tient takes no, chances, runs no risk. j\' . 88
;!: j j \ Free Consultation end Private Eook for Men \
Eg* | At cff,ce or by mail. All dealing and Correspondence with Patients jj
*• Sacredly Confidential. Thousands cured at hcme aery year. No o»
jc. Printing on Envelopes or Packages to show who sent them. Write for «.
•:^ j j i question list if you cannot call. • *°
1 DR. MEYERS & CO."
ss 731 MARKET STREET, San Francisco. «
88 TaUr^ Fl<aV^tor I hours-8 to 12, Ito 3 'ally 8?
}« 1 aXe LieVdlOr. J tvenlnfts. 7to 8. Sundays. 9to 11 £j
j S8 83 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 SBB 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88*88 88.88 $8 Si
except ex-Governor Woodbury, were pres
ent at to-day's session, which was devot
ed to a discussion of the evidence taken
by the sub-committee which went to
Western cities, and to preparation for t,;e
New York and Boston trip. There are
eight or ten important witnesses to be
examined here before leaving for New
York, but they hope to go next Thursday
right.
SAW A VESSEL SINK
WITH ALL ON BOARD
Fishermen Report the Loss of a
Schooner With Six Men and
a Woman.
TOLEDO, Ohio.' Nov. 12.— Fishermen
from Green Island who came here to-day
report that Lightkeeper Gibeaut of Turtle
Light saw a small schooner with a creW
of six men and one woman go down dur
ing the gale of night beiore last. They
supposed that she was a small coaster
from Detroit or Cleveland laden with coal
or stone.
SENATORIAL ASPIRANTS.
Four Men Who Would Succeed Wil-
son of Washington.
SEATTLE, Nov. 12.— The Legislature of
Washington that will elect a Republican
successor to United States Senator John
T. "Wilson will meet on January 9. There
are four avowed candidates for the honor
and they all assembled in Seattle to-day
to consult with party leaders as to the
manner of conducting the Senatorial cam
paign. The candidates are John L.. \\ U
son of Spokane, Addison G. b oster of
Tacoma, Levl Ankeny of \Valla \\ alia
and Thomas Humes of Seattle. Out of
112 members of the Legislature the Repub
licans have eighty-four.
HOLDS A JOLLIFICATION.
Santa Clara County Good Government
League Celebrates.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 12.— The meeting, of
the Republican Good Government League
this afternoon was in the form of a grand
jollification over the organization's -vic
tory in Tuesday's election. There i wrs i an
unusually large attendance. Handshakes,
smiles and congratulatory speeches wera
the order and the greatest good feelln*
PI A % resolution was adopted declaring
that frauds had be«n perpetrated in tna
counting of the ballots, and it was de
cided to contest the election of ±y-, •••
Langford as Sheriff, J. W. Gass as City
Justice and Elmer Rea as Supervisor in
the First District. The league decided to
open permanent headquarters at one© to
Induce young men to become members.
W. C. T. XJ. Convention.
ST PAUL, Minn., Nov. 12.— The W. C.
T. U. Convention opened to-day with
prayer by Mrs. Mary Read Goodale, pres
ident of the union of Louisiana. The de
partment and superintendents' reports
were then taken up. The report of
Dr. Mary Wood Allen of Michigan on
"Purity" was read by her daughter. The
pppartment of Mercy was reviewed by
Mrs. Mary F. Lovell of Pennsylvan a.
Sabbath observance was reported on > by
Mrs. Varilla Fox of New Jersey. Other
Interesting reports were made.
Bid In by Receivers.
SPOKANE, Nov. 12.— Zerah Snow of
Portland, representing Receivers Mink
and Wilton of the Union Pacific, to-day
bid in the union depot property here for
$245,000, being the minimum bid provided
by the order of sale. The sale was mado
by the Master in Chancery, Wakefleld,
under a decree of Federal Judge Han
ford in the suit of the American Loan
and Trust Company to satisfy $473,000
bonded debt. The property consists of
the depot, 100 acres of land, city track
age and three locomotives.
Barrett Brings a Check.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 12.— Adjutant
General Barrett returned to-night from
Washington, where he spent about six
weeks, to settle claims of the State
against the Government for transporta
tion and equipments of volunteers. Ho
brings back a check for 183,311 50 In set
tlement of the claims.
Stanford's Best Debaters.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov. 12.—
At the last semi-final preliminary to the
Carnot debate held to-night the following
students were selected to appear in u.ie
finals, together with three Varsity de
baters, on December 2: J. E. Springer, C.
T. Hayden, Miss Anna Fraser and J. F.
English.
Oregon and lowa at Rio.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 12.— The battle
ships Oregon and lowa arrived yesterday
at Rio to participate in the anniversary
of the creation of the Brazilian republic.
The supply ship Celtic was with the bat
tle-ships.
For Military Purposes.
CHRISTIANIA, Nov. 12.— The Govern
ment has negotiated a loan of twenty mil
lion crowns for military purposes.
Any man, young, middle-aged or old gg
who has any of the above symptoms gg
needs the advice and professional ser- gg
vice of ski/led specialists, physicians gg
who have made a life study of the dis- gg
eases and weakness of men. gg
' For more than seventeen years DR. &
MEYERS & CO. have been a success S8
along these lines. These doctors have 8?
earned ihe reputation of being the most
succersful specialists in the West. They ™
have the largest and best equipped mcdi- ~
cal institution and the most extensive j,
practice on the Pacific Coast. Their o»
prices are reasonable and they do not gg
ask for money until the patient is cured, ggALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
LOS ANGELES
ADMITS LOSING
THE BANNER
Sends Her Greetings
to
CHOICE OF POLICE JUDGE
MAYOR THOMAS WILL MAKE
THE APPOINTMENT.
Clerk Hennessy Will Probably Be
Retained No Matter Upon
Whom the Ermine Shall
Fall.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
90S Broadway, Nov. 12.
Los Angeles County lias acknowledged
her defeat at the hands of Alameda in
the contest for the State Republican ban
ner. The following telegraphic corre
spondence has taken place between the
chairmen of the respective county com
mittees:
OAKLAND, Nov. 1!.
Bradner W. Lee, Chairman Republican County
Central Committee: The banner Republican
county sends congratulations and good wishes
to ( ur sister Republican county of the Sunny
South. A. H. BRE
Chairman County Central Committee.
L.OS ANGELES, Nov. 11. IS9B.
Hon. A. 11. Breed, Chairman Republican
County Central Committee, Oakland, Cal.: The
Republicans of Alameda County have a warm
place in our hearts and we thank you sincerely
for the loyal support so generously accorded
our favorite son and the sentiments so cordial
ly expressed. Where fair Alameda leads we
are proud to follow. BRADNER W. LEE,
Chairman Republican County Central Com
mittee.
Much interest Is being expressed as to
•whom Mayor Thomas -will appoint Police
Judge on January 1. The law requires
that of the two City Justices of the Peace
elected at the county election, the Mayor
shall name one to act as Police Judge.
The two successful candidates were John
"W Stetson and Mortimer Smith, and as
there is a little patronage connected with
the Police Judgeship and none with the
Justice's office, the appointment is one of
marked political significance. -
It is pretty generally understood that
•whoever is pointed will retain W. J.
Hennessy as Police Court clerk, as Hen
nery Is a Republican and assisted mate
rially In taking the First Ward delegation
Into the county convention in the inter
ests of Stetson and Smith. An official
stenographer has also to be appointed by
the Police Judge, in all cases where one
!<= required. This patronage is much
Bought after and has been occasionally
divided between two reporters. The pres
ent reporter, Phil M. Walsh, will enter
the District Attorney's office as a deputy
and the place will be vacant. It is ex
pected that Frank Thompson and Harry
pulcifer will share the reporting between
them. '
MURDEROUS ASSAULT.
Chinese Stabbing Affray in the Corn
field Where Quong 1 Mow
Killed Hollenteck.
OAKLAND, Nov. 12.— Ah Kfm, a Chi
nese employed 1» the vegetable gardens
on the MeElrath place, near the Grove
street power house, Temescal, is lying in
■ ADVERTISEMENTS.
_ — ■ — —
SENT FREE TOMEN
The State Medical Institute Discovers a
Remarkable Remedy for Lost
Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
Free samples of a most remarkable
remedy are being distributed by the State
Medical Institute. Fort Wayne, Ind. It
cured so many men who had battled for
years against the • mental and physical
Buffering of lost manhood that the Insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It Is a home
treatment and all men who suffer with
any form of sexual weaknr- - resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak tack, varlco-
cele, or emaciation of parts can now cur«
themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where it is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the natural
functions and has been an absolute suc-
cess In all cases. A request to the Stata
Medical Institute. 193 First National Bank
Building, Fort Wayne. Ind.. statfng that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with. The Institute
Is desirous of reaching that great clas
of men who are unable to leave home to
be treated and the free sample will en-
able them to see how easy it is to be
cured of sexual weakness when the
proper remedies are employed. The In-
etitute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed In a plain package so
that its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Headers are
requested to write without delay.
HOFFMAN'S CANDIES.
SUPERIOR QUALITY.
Chocolates and Bon Bonssoeperlb.
Special Price in Large Quantity.
Mall Orders Solicited.
THE MARTIN M. I OFFMAN CO.,
12G0 Broadway, Oakland( Cal.
AUCTION SALES.'
AUCTION SALE
THOROUGHBRED HORSES
Consisting of
DARE and DEL NORTE
„ And Yearlings by
MORELLO, IMP. CLIEVEJJEN. TREXTOLA,
From such famous mares as MARIGOLD.
GLEN ELLEN, REBECCA, CATALINA.
MYSTERY. MISTAKE, CENTELLA, AMAN-
DA. MISS LOU. LADY CLARE, etc.
Property of
JAS. B. CHASE Esq.,
Sonoma Stock Farm.
Tuesday Evening, November 15,
Commencing at 8 o'clock.
At the Occidental Horse Exchange,
721 Howard St., between Third and Fourth, San
. Francisco.
Horses at salesyard. Catalogues ready.
WILLIAM G. LAYS'';, Proprietor.
ED. It. LOWRY of Louisville, Auctioneer.
AUCTION SALE!
Or. TUESDAY NOVEMBER 16, at 11 o'clock,
on account of Mr. M. F. Boyce retiring from-
business, we will sell the entire contents of his
livery stable. No. 31 Twelfth ft.. between Mar-
ket and Mission, San Francisco. 15 head of
choice horses suitable for all purposes, 2 sur-
reys, 8 open and top buggies, 3 delivery and.
1 express wagon, carts, . harness, blankets,
robes, whips, office furniture, etc. S. WAT-
KINS & CO.. Auctioneers. .
JC-"B— The above stock Is in fine condition
and will positively be gold to the highest bidder.
...•-..... ■.- : - •■ -. .
a critical condition at the Receiving Hos
pital with an ugly incised wound in the
left side of the abdominal cavity as the
result of "joshing" a fellow employe. The
garden is the same place where Quong
Mow shot and killed Deputy Poundmaster
Hollenbeck some time ago.
For the past few days a strange China
man had been working at the gardens,
but his work was unsatisfactory, and to
day the Mongolian foreman informed
him that his services would be no longer
required. Ah Kirn, good-naturedly, joked
With the stranger about his discharge.
Later on the two men met in the cabin,
when the stranger whipped out a knife
and inflicted the wound that may prove
fatal. When last seen the knife-wielder
was hurrying in the direction of the
Berkeley local.
The wounded Chinaman was taken to
the Receiving Hospital, where it was
Found that the gash had resulted In an
t visr. ration of the abdominal contents,
the stomach having protruded itself. Drs.
Stratton, Kane. Porter ami Horn and
Steward Tobin dressed the wound, and to
night Dr. Stratton expressed the belief
that the all but murdered man has a
chance to recover.
Th. police were notified, and Detectives
Holland and Hodgklns are now in pur
suit of the would-be murderer.
SAVED THE MINERS.
Heroic Work of Young Chappellet in
a Burning Shaft.
OAKLAND, Nov. 12.— Felix Chappellet
Jr. of Telegraph avenue, son of the min
ing capitalist, has made a reputation for
heroic conduct during a fire at the Eureka
mine in Placer County.
The flames were discovered in the roof,
near the smokestack, and Felix Chappel
let Jr., who is In charge of the works,
happened to be in the building. He or
dered the engines closed down, and direct
ed the men to save as much of the prop
erty a3 they could. Then his mind re
verted to the danger to the miners,- four
or five in number, who were at work in
the tunnel, half a mile underground.
It was a perilous thing to enter and tra
verse this long tunnel when the air sup
ply was stopped and a burning building
covered the mouth, but young Chappellet
did not hesitate for a moment. He dashed
into the tunnel and ran as fast as he
could, feeling his way in the darkness. He
reached the endangered miners and start
ed back with them for the mouth of the
tunnel, although he did not know whether
they could get out alive. When they ap
proached the exit it was a blaze of fire,
but they made a dash and ran through a
rain of burning fragments dropping trom
the roof.
A minute later the building collapsed.
Had it not been for the bravery of Chap
pe..et all the miners in the tunnel would
probably have died of suffocation.
GAGE INVITED TO
SPEAK IN OAKLAND
CLUBS FROM ALL CITIES WILL
RATIFY.
Alameda County Will Fittingly
Honor the Great Victory of the
Republican Hosts.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Nov. 12.
Henry T. Gage made his first speech
after his nomination at the Macdonough
Theater and he has been invited to speak
again next Saturday night, on which oc
casion Alameda County will celebrate her
great Republican victory. It is probable
that the drill corps of San Francisco, San
Jose, Stockton and Los Angeles will take
l>art.
Chairman Breed of the Republican
County Committee has issued the follow
ing:
To the Republicans of Alameda County: It
is the wish of the Alameda County Republican
Central Committee that the grand victory of
November S be fittingly and appropriately rati-
H>d.
Alameda County by her splendid majority in
1896 saved the State of California for our be
loved President. William McKlnley, and now
the Republicans of Alameda County should
ajjiiin feel justly proud of the magnificent ma
jority they g-ave to the Hon. Henry T. Gage,
a majority larger than that of the city and
county of San Francisco, and even larger than
that of the county of Los Angelea. that was
honored by having one of her favored sons
nominated for Governor.
V\'e now respectfully Invite and urgently re
quest that all Republicans meet with the Ala
meda County Republican Central Committee on
next Monday evening. November 14, at S p. m.
at the Young Men's Republican League Hall,
1159 Washington street, to make arrangements
and discuss the manner of holding a monster
ratification meeting. Let no Republican fall
to be present. A. H. BREED.
SCRAMBLE FOR CLINTON
GURNEE'S ESTATE
SNUG SUM OF EIGHT THOUSAND
DOLLARS ON DEPOSIT.
Two Public Administrators and the
Son Apply for Letters and the
Widow Also Nominates.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Nov. 12.
There appears to be trouble brewing
over the estate of Clinton Gurnee, who
died Intestate in San Francisco October
21, IS9B, but whose residence was in Oak-
land.
Recently the Public Administrator of
San Francisco applied for letters of ad
ministration in the Superior Court of the
metropolis. Later Public Administrator
Knight also applied for letters in this
county, and to-day a similar petition was
filed by Clinton Gurnee Jr. through his at
torneys, Naphtaly. Frelderich & Acker
man.
Incidentally the widow, Mrs. Emily A.
H. Gurnee, who with her two daughters.
Misses Marie and Blandina, resides in
Brooklyn, N. V., 1b to be heard from, and
it is out that her nomination of M.
p. Hyde of this city as administrator ia
now on his way from the East.
The appearance of Clinton Gurnee Jr.
as a petitioner caused some slight sur
prise at this stage, since it was generally
supposed that he is seeking his fortune in
the golilflelds of the frozen north.
The estate is valued not to exceed $10,
000, of which amount $8000 is on deposit
with the First National Gold Bank and
Trust Company of San Francisco. The re
mainder consists of realty in this county
and a note for $500 secured by a mort
gage.
Oaklander Buried in Manila.
OAKLAND. Nov. 12.— Definite informa
tion has finally been received by Dr. and
Mrs. F. O. Jacobs of this city confirming
the death of their son Frederick, which
occurred on the Scandia en route for
Manila on September 30.
This news comes in a letter from
Charleß Stahl, a California volunteer, to
MisK Elizabeth Norden of 918 Union
street, this city. In Stahl's opinion the
lack of proper food helped to kill Jacobs.
He writes that Jacobs was poorly fed all
the way from San Francisco. The body
was embalmed Immediately and put In
a coffin made by the ship's carpenter, and
on October 3 he was buried with military
honors in Manila.
Attractions at St. Mary's Fair.
OAKLAND. Nov. 12.— O'Connor and
Keller, the weil-known Irish step dancers,
will give an exhibition of the Irish step
at St. Mary's fair on Monday evening,
November 14. Miss Pearl Hiokman and
h< r <-!a.ss of Irish steppers will also ap
pear. This will be a special treat to those
who have not seen Irish dancing, and the
music furnished for the occasion will be
first class.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND, Nov. 12. -The local branch
i of the '-'aiiioiio Truth Society will send
boxes of Hterature and edibles by the St.
Paul which leaves on the 17th to the sol
i diet boys at Manila, with Chrlstmus pres
: ents. Parcels may be left with Rev.
I Father Cranwell. 222 Ninth street, or
i Flynn's dry goods house on Broadway.
Constable John F. Cronin, whose term
I expires December 31, has received the
i gratifying notification from Washington
i of his appointment in the secret service
of the Treasury Department.
Father McNally of St. Patrick's parish
has erected a magnificent structure in his
! parish, which he calls St. Joseph's Insti
i tute Auditorium, and which was christ
1 ened this evening by the opening of the
fair.
The Brotherhood of Andrew and Philip
I gave an open meeting and banquet in the
I parlors of the First Methodist Church
j fast evening. The exercises ww very
elaborate and entertaining.
THE SA3T FRAXCSICO CALL, SUNDAY, XOYEMBER 13, 1898.
TESTIMONY TO
THE INDUSTRIES
OF CALIFORNIA
Oakland's Exposition
Formally Opened.
MORAL OF THE EXHIBITS
PRESIDENT NELSON ON THE
NEED OF FACTORIES.
Manager Gray Compares This State
With Others as Offering
Material for Ex
hibits.
Oakland Office' San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Nov. 12.
This evening the Exposition was for
i mally opened by Dr. George C. Pardee.
The feature of the evening was an ad
dress on behalf of the directors of the
Exposition on California's products and
industries by John W. Nelson, president
! of the Exposition Association.
President Nelson said:
This Is the fourth industrial exposition that
; has been held In Oakland, and tnanks to the
united efforts of those having the matter in
charge they improve from year to year. In
this growing city and in the nourishing county
of Alameda, rich in agriculture, horticulture
and viticulture this industrial exposition should
ibe one of the events of the year. When Oak
1 land, Alameda, Berkeley and the cluster of
! sister towns., aggregating over one hundred
! thousand people, with their varied industries
: should crown the work of the exposition direc
tors In advancing the material interests of the
city and county, which, whether considered
from an agricultural. Industrial or commercial
?tandj>olnt, possess resources and facilities
randy equaled and never surpassed. Our rail
road and steamship facilities place us in com
munication with the markets of the world and
: our magnificent water ircnt and the Inlets
'■ which nature has lavishly provided on thig side
of the bay can be so developed as to bring the
commerce of nations to our doors. Expositions
serve to bring to the attention of our business
! men our great and varied resources and also
| our wants and the means of supplying them.
And thlß brings me to the most important
lesson taught by this exposition. With a Stale
i richer In natural resources than any other in
; the union, rich In gold, tsilver, minerals, cere
j als, wine, fruit, sugar, live stock, hops, honey,
''■ timber, etc., the annual production of which
exceeds a hundred millions of dollars in value,
and aside from gold and silver our State
' abounds In marvelous mineral wealth, viz:
Mi.titiasite, sulphur, sulphite, plumbago, as
i bestos, marble, granite, bitumen, asphalt, cop- !
per, maganese, petroleum, borax, cement, fire- !
clay, limestone, slate, platinum, salt, soda, \
i zinc and mineral paint, affording as they do
, in Borne respects a valuable field to the cap
italists for their d<;\ ■••lup::ient, which would
greatly aad to the prosperity of the community ■
— and notwithstanding all these varied and I
'. great resources we are dtncient in manu- j
factures. True we have nourishing Industries !
, and the skill and enterprise of our people have !
: found channels for the distribution of their j
commodities to some extent, but this only |
i serves to emphasize our deficiencies in this re
, gani.
1 This is the age of iron and steel and yet how
i few are our industries in thin line. It is a fact
; that California has the beat iron and steel
in the world, yet it imports over 100.000 tons
of goods made from Iron and steel every year.
And consider the great textile industries ' tut
siile of our local industries we have practically
nothing in this line, though our State imports
about 70,000 tons of textiles annually. With
California leather the best >>n i*«u th, we import
I 70,000 to SO.OOO cases of boots and shoes every •
year, and I might swell the list indefinitely.
Now these expositions are object iesßons to
our people; the> show what Is wanted and help ;
to suggest remedies; where people can gather !
from all parts of the State, for this exposition !
. ie not local, but Its purpose is to embrace in
its scope all California, and forms aa it were
a sort of rendezvous where the hosts of indus
j try can assemble, compare notes and suggest ,
plans for the future. It affords opportunities
j for manufacturers to assemble and discuss
measures for advancing the interests of the
I commonwealth.
It behooves us more than ever to take coun- '
i sel in this way, for not only have we our peo- j
I pie at home to supply, but the thunders of ;
i Dewey's guns and the valor of our soldiers, '■
j especially our California boys, who were the '
i first In Manila— have opened up to us practl- :
cally an unlimited market to supply the mil- !
' lions of the Philippines. We should be wide !
awake, as our Eastern brethren have their
; eyes on this, our birthright. For more than
1 two years there has been a brisk transit trade
i carried on with China, Japan and the Phil- j
ipjjines by Eastern manufacturers.
Every Bteamer (and there Is nearly one every ■
! week) carries an average of $120,000 worth of |
1 Eastern manufactured goods past our doors, i
j and there le one item which Oakland used to
supply — nails — of which these same steamers
j have taken $15,000 to $20,000 worth, or enough i
to supply a flourishing industry in our midst i
In addition to what Is needed for the home sup- j
ply — and there is now a transit trade with Aus
tralia and New Zealand and one is starting up ;
with the Hawaiian lelandß. All this trade i
should be ours.
In the master of manufactures we nre defl- I
cient and need stirring up. And first of all I
we must learn to support home Industries; <
these at the last census were In all the State
valued at $200,000,000. At least $100,000,000 could 1
well be added to our production to supply our ;
home wants. If our people would manifest a .
proper public eplrlt in these matters all of our I
local induPtriPs would beoome prosperous, real !
I estate would improve In value and our people j
i would be profitably employed.
; We should labor to improve these expositions.
j Omaha has just afforded us a splendid ex
ample. The exposition there was unique in Its
! way and one of the most complete ever held j
in this country- Every department of art an.i
Industry was represented In a manner tn win
the praise of all visitors, and the exposition |
closed a f<*w days since with nearly half a
million In the treasury. J.#t us hope that here
In Oakland in the near future we may have
an exposition that shall rival the one Just
| closed at Omaha.
Manager Charles Gray, who has been
on the management of many expositions,
made a short speech on his experience
and wound up by declaring that Cali
fornia was better fitted than any other
place on earth to make a perfect exposi
tion on account of the great variety of
her products. »_-._,«
Mayor Thomas in a few words officially
declared the Exposition opened.
Many of the exhibits are far from com
plete, but by Monday everything will be
in order and the exposition will no doubt
be visited by thousands.
For the opening night the attendance
was very large.
FOUGHT WITH HIS
FORMER SON-IN-LAW
LIVELY SEQUEL TO THE KEL-
LENBERGER DIVORCE.
Ex-Father-in-Law Fisher Makes an
Effort to Punish His Daugh
ter's Ex-Husband.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 12.— -J. J. Kellenberger,
who recently figured in the divorce courts
securing a separation from his wife, Ida
M., on the ground of willful desertion, has
discovered that hfs matrimonial difficul
ties did not cease with the signing of the
divorce decree. He is carrying his left
hand in a sling as a result of an encounter
yesterday with his ex-father-in-law, A.
Fisher.
The trouble in the Kellenberger house
hold started when the wife, tired of the
ties of matrimony, left her husband and
hied herself to the home of her parents.
Kellenberger commenced an action for
divorce and triumphed in his suit. Yes
terday, before the ink on the Judge's de
cree had had time to dry. Father Fisher
presented himself at the store of his for
mer son-in-law. He not only presented
himself but he also presented a bill for
$F>K, which he claimed was due for board
ing and lodging his daughter pending the
divorce proceedings.
Kellenberger clJd not object to losing a
wife, but he demurred to parting with
coin and told his father-in-law that was
that the man who claimed he owed such a
bill was seven different kinds of a preva
ricator.
Fisher took the remarks as entirely too
personal and forthwith grabbed a cigar
cutter and hurled It at Kellenberger's
head. The latter raised his left arm to
save his cranium and received the full
force of the blow on his hand. Some of
the bones were shattered and the hand
was badly cut.
Kellenberger rushed to the back of the
store to get his revolver, but when he
returned to the fray his former father-in
law had made good his escape. Both men
state they are likely to come together
again, and each declares that when they
meet the fur will fly.
WOULDN'T MAKE A SOLDIER.
Johnson's Imagination Made a Bullet
of a Torpedo.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Nov. 12.
Henry Johnson is a victim to delusion.
He thought he had been shot and mor
tally wounded, when as a matter of fact
he was not even touched by a bullet, nor
was one fired at him.
Last evening Johnson was on Washing
ton street, near Thirteenth. He and an
acquaintance became involved in a quar
rel, during the progress of which John
son was struck on the cheek. He was
knocked to the sidewalk, and at the same
instant a small boy close" by exploded a
torpedo. Johnson gave a gasp, spread out
his arms limply and cried: .
"I am done for."
Police Officer Hinds and Herman Olsen
tried to lift the victim of his imagination
and persuade him that he was not hurt,
but Johnson could not be undeceived.
Finally the officer rang for the patrol
wagon, and Johnson was taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital. So convinced was he
that his minutes were numbered that he
refused to let anybody treat him, and it
was some time before the doctors and
Steward Tobin could Induce him to be
lieve that he was not hurt.
Johnson left the Receiving Hospital in
tbo course of a couple of hours, but even
after examining himself and finding that
he was not perforated and that he had
not suffered except in his imagination,
he could not believe thAt a boy's torpedo
had given him sucfe-^a. fatal shock, lie
spent some time trying to argue with the
doctors that there must at least be one
bullet in him somewhere which they
could not locate. He will not go to
Manila.
HOWARD DIVORCE GRANTED.
OAKLAND, Nov. 12.— Superior Judge
Hall to-day granted a divorce to Mrs.
Mlna B. Howard from Henry A. Howard
on the ground of cruelty. The court also
awarded her $25 monthly alimony.
The defendant has b*tn a railroad man
for years, but is better known as an
assayer. Mrs. Howard, In her complaint,
alleged that her husband had threatened
to throw her overboard from a ferry
boat; while on the other hand the defend
ant brought in the counter charge that
the wife had attempted to smother him
with gas.
In the divorce suit of Charles W. Frank
lin against Annie E. Franklin default
was entered to-day on account of defend
ant's failure to answer or appear.
A. D. Wilder's Estate.
OAKLAND, Nov. 12.— The estate of A.
D. Wilder, late superintendent of the
western division of the Southern Pacific
Company, has been appraised by Rod W.
! Church." Jerry Tyrrel and H. B. Belden
! at $13,182 86.
Of this amount $4791 45 represents
] received from life insurance policy; cash,
{641 41; and the remainer real i-state.
Dr. Dille on Atheism.
OAKLAND, Nov. 12.— Key. Dr. Dille
has issued a special notice that he will
deliver a series of Sunflay sermons. The
first will be to-morrow night on "Athe
ism, Agnosticism, Materialism." There
will be a question box, and legitimate de
bate is invited.
Sheriff Roger's Appointments.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 12. — Sheriff-elect
Rogers states that at present he has no
intention of giving a deputyship to an
Alameda man. It was stated that Police
Officer Louis Schonc-au, who was an ac
tive worker for the new Sheriff, would re
ceive the appointment of head jailer, but
Mr. Rogers states positively that this is
incorrect. He says the only appointment
he has decided upon is that of Under
Sheriff Harlow, who will retain his pres
ent position.
"I will not announce my other appoint
ments to within a few days of the time
of taking office," said Mr. Rogers, "and
any other announcements are entirely
unauthorized."
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 12.— Alameda Parlor
No. 47, N. S. G. W., will give its anniver
sary ball Thanksgiving eve at Armory
Hall.
The members of the Alameda Operatic
Society are actively rehearsing "The
Pirates of Penzance," which they will
produce early in December.
J. D. Simms is booked at the City Pris
on on a charge of burglary. He has made
a complete confession, and gave the offi
cera information which lead to the re-
covery of much stolen property.
The entertainment given at Armory
Hall last evening by the Alameda school
children was a marked success. Its pur
pose was to raise funds to provide a
Thanksgiving dinner for the poor chil
dren of this city. The idea was originated
by Miss Emma Postel, a pupil at the En
cinal School.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY. Nov. 12.— Steven Deluti, a
I boy living in Temescal. met with an acci
dent at Dwight way station this after
' noon. While turning up Dwight way from
i Shattuck avenue a wagon coming sharply
i around the corner ran into him, knocking
j him over and breaking his leg.
The Berkeley division of the Salvation
I Army is urgently in nej?d of clothing and
provisions to carry on its winter charity
< among the poor. They ask that donations
I be sent to the home of Sergeant Tracy,
1729 Francisco street.
Fire broke out last n'gfft in a barn be
i longing to Olsen brothers on Allston way.
i The entire building and also a barn ad
joining, belonging to Dr. G. F. Whitworth,
were completely destroyed. One horse
perished In the flames and another was so
severely burned that it had to be shot to-
I day.
Samuel Eastman, Harry Hoffman and
Seymour Hall, three athletes of the
Berkeley High School, have entered their
names for the swimming contest of the
Amateur Athletic League to be held
shortly at the Lurline Baths, San Fran-
I Cisco.
THE NEW MASTER.
Knights Templar Will -Jonor Their
Recently Elected Chief Ofncer.
Reuben H. Lloyd of this city is to be
tendered a reception in King Solomon's
Hall, Masonic Temple, on Friday next by
the Knights Templar of California as a
compliment to his elevation at the recent
Triennial Conclave of Knights held in
Pfttsburg to the exalted office of grand
master of the Grand encampment. Ine
reception -will be followed by a banquet
in the asylum of California Commandery.
It is expected that there will be present
representatives from all the command
erles In the State.
Reuben P. Hurlburt, chairman of the
committee having charge of the affair,
has been busy in the matter of prepara
tion to the end that this affair shall be a
succms in every respect. Grand Com
mander Dr. Powers of San Diego will be
the toastmaster at the banquet, and the
following toasts have already been as
signed' "Our Guest." S. M. Shortridge;
'"Our Country," W. H. L, Barnes; "Cali
fornia," Senator George C. Perkins; 'The
Grand Commandery." Frank \\. Sumner;
"Templar Fellowship," George A. Knight;
"Loulsvillo in 1901," Charles L. Field;
"The Next Department Conclave." \\ il
liam Johnson, and "The Twentieth Cen
tury " George T. Bromley.. The music will
be under the direction of A. A. Botkin.
This affair will be confined strictly to
Knights Templar.
A Nevada Club.
A number of gentlemen, now or former
ly residents of the Sagebrush State, are
discussing a proposition to form a Ne
vada Club In this city. The idea origin
ated with R. M. Daggett, the well-known
Nevada newspaper man, and is meeting
with much favor. John \V. Mackay has
promised to help the project along, and
among others working in the new club's
Interests arc Oliver Roberts, G. W.
Baker and Steve Gage.
Rosser's Father Arrives.
The father of Walter Rosser, the young
Tennessee soldier who is soon to be tried
for the murder of George Hilderbrand, ar
rived here a few days ago, and is stop
ping at the Brooklyn Hotel. He is ac
companied by E. D. Hicks of Nashville,
an intimate friend of the Rosser family.
The elder Rosser is nearly heartbroken
at the act of his son. The son's trial has
been set for the 21st inst. in the Superior
Court.
DR.' PIERCES REMEDIES
VENDETTA'S VICTIMS
How Families Are Ex-
terminated.
The vendetta or blood feud is one of
the cruelest of barbarous practices, be-
cause it takes no account of age or sex
but ruthlessly do?s the steps of the
victim to death. There is no ap-
peal against the doom. The beautiful
maiden, the aged sire, the innocent
child have no plea to turn aside that
blood-thirsty dagger. Imagine the case
of one marked for this fate. *iy day a
footstep dogs him. By night an eye is
on him. Whenever he moves a shadow
' clings to his shadow, and that dinging
; shadow is the shadow of death.
There are forms of disease which
I seem to have proclaimed a vendetta, or
blood feud, against the human race. It
is peculiarly so in the case of consump- !
tion which^ often, as in the vendetta,
follows out the blood feud with an en-
tire family, striking them one by one,
until all are exterminated.
One-sixth of all deaths are due to
consumption, and the saddest thing j
about this disease is that its victims by j
choice are the budding woman, the
young man just girding himself for the
race of life, the society bud and the
college graduate.
The law of our land forbids and pre-
vents the barbarism of the vendetta.
Why should not law step in between
the victims of this other blood feud and
i the fatal stab at the lungs? The law
I does step in; the law of Nature, the
I highest of all law. By every canon of
that law, by every responsive human
instinct, it is repugnant to reason that
this blood feud should be carried to Its
extreme result without hope and with-
out help. The best and wisest of stu-»
dents have felt this and have given
time and study in the effort to discover
something which might arrest the steps
of the destroyer. It has been left for
Dr. R. V. Pierce, for more than thirty
years chief consulting physician to the
Invalids' Hotel and Surgical Institute
of Buffalo. N. V., to offer to humanity,
in his famed "Golden Medical Discov-
ery," the remedy so many have sought
in vain.
The remarkable cures wrought by
this remedy are matters of record and ;
of reference. "These things were not j
done in a corner." Take the following I
case as an example:
"Twenty-five years ago, when I was !
thirteen years old, I had what the doc- j
tor called consumption," writes Mrs. ,
Ella Taylor Dodge, matron of the Home
for Missionaries' Children, Morgan
Park, 111., box 165. "He told my
mother that nothing could be done for
me, excepting to make me as comfort-
able as possible. The pastor of the
M. E. church in the place where I lived
heard of my condition, and although
he was not acquainted with our fam-
ily, he called, and during the call he
asked my mother if she would allow
me to take a medicine if he would send j
It to me. She thought that it could
do no harm if It did no good, so he
sent a bottle of Dr. Pierces Golden
Medical Discovery. Before the bottle
was empty my friends saw a little im-
provement in my health, whereupon
another bottle was bought. I can't
say now just how much I took, but I
improved steadily and to-day am a
well, strong woman, as you may imag-
ine I must be to have the care of this
home. I now have a child under my
care and when she takes cold it settles
in the larynx. lat first used medi-
cines which her mother suggested be-
fore leaving her, but nothing did the
least good till I -gave your 'Golden Med-
ical Discovery.' I have unbounded faith
in It."
We will not quarrel with doctors over \
a definition of disease. They said this \
was a case of consumption, and it was •
a hopeless case. It was a case to be
made "comfortable" as the condemned ;
prisoner is made comfortable, when th-?
death hour is fixed and the death
watch set. And it was a case cured
by Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discov-
ery. There have been thousands of
such cases, and ninety-eight out of ev-
ery hundred have been cured. The
success of this remedy is due to its co- j
operation with nature along natural \
lines. The common treatment of weak j
lungs is based upon the theory that j
they need strengthening, and that ■
strength comes by nourishment. And
so an attempt is made to feed the lungs
with cod liver oil or emulsions, which
differ only in degrees of nastiness. But
it is notorious that, except as a pallia-
tive, the oil has little value. The the-
ory of nourishment and strength by
nourishment is all right, but It needs a I
broader application. Suppoße your j
cheeks begin to !np;« their plumpness, ;
and you seek to nourish them. Do you
think that saturating thorn with cod
liver oil, nepf extract or any other nour- I
ishment would put on fieeh? The very
thought is absurd. They must be
nourished, but so must the whole body
b« nourished, every part of the body !
being fed as well as the cheeks, If they j
ar<? to be filled out. This Is equally |
true of the lungs. It Is useless to au
tempt to treat the lungs apart from
th*' whole body. "Weak lungs mean
general weakness, and that general
weakness must be overcome all along
thp line if the lungs are to be strength- j
ened.
That is part of the secret of the cures
performed by "Golden Medical Discov-
ery." It brings strength all along the
line. It checks emaciation, controls the
rooted obstinate cough, begins at once i
to relieve the body of the strain and I
| DR. PIERCES REMEDIES
pressure of disease and puts the luns?s
on a fighting footing against their
enemy.
W. A. Sanders Esq., of Hern, Mason
County, W. Va., writes: "My wife had
hemorrhage of the lungrs. She had
ten hemorrhages, and the v people all
around here said she would never be
well again. But she began to take Dr.
Pierces Golden Medical Discovery and
she soon began to gain strength and
flesh. After taking ten bottles she was
entirely well. Should you think this will
do you any good to publish, just use it.
and If any one disputes the merits of
this almost omnipotent medicine theY
may inclose self-addressed envelope
with stamp and I will answer, the same
as written in this letter."
To every person suffering with weak
lungs, deep seated, obstinate cough,
bronchial affections, bleeding of the
lungs, and such conditions as will, if
neglected or unskillfully treated, end in
consumption, these testimonials open
wide the door of hope.
There is no alcohol, whisky or other
stimulant contained in "Golden Medical
Discovery," neither does opium or any
narcotic enter into its composition. It
preserves its pleasant flavor and heal-
ing power in all climates, without any
of these dangerous ingredients and also
without sugar or syrup which some-
times prove injurious ' to weak
stomachs.
You are invited, if you are sick, to
consult Dr. Pierce by letter, without
charge. In this consultation, absolute-
ly without any fee or ulterior condi-
tions. Dr. Pierce places at your service
a skill and knowledge gained in a life-
time of experience in the treatment of
cases probably just like yours. If
your case differs from the ordinary,
the deeper the interest it will excite in
the minds of the physician who has
observed the extreme variations of
j disease, and enjoys the overcoming of
j the difficulties found in exceptional
I cases.
Remember that hope and help are
offered you and your letter to Dr.
Pierce will be, in the light of the ex-
perience of others, your first step to
health.
If you want to try Dr. Pierces
Golden Medical Discovery do not let
the dealer persuade you to try a sub-
stitute medicine claimed to be "just
as good." "Just as good" is on the
face of it a falsity, because there would
be no object in going contrary to your
wish and request, to sell you something
only "Just as good" and no better than
the "Discovery." There can be
no object in selling you something
else unless it pays the dealer better.
You do not want to figure on the los-
ing side of the profit and loss account
either in money or health. Therefore
refuse all substitutes for "Golden Medi-
cal Discovery."
Modern philanthropy has offered no
greater gift to the world than Dr.
Pierces Common Sense Medical Ad-
viser. It is the most comprehensive
medical compendium ever issued. It
has saved hundreds of dollars in doc-
tor's bills by its timely information.
It is full of hints and suggestions for
the wife and mother, as well as for
the husband. It is a book to put into
the hands of every young man and
young woman contemplating marriage.
John Jay "Williams of Jackson, Madi-
son County, Term., says: "If I had had
your book eight months aero I am satis-
fled it would have saved me from a
long spell of sickness, in which I came
pretty near dying. Your book ought to
be In possession of every family in the
United States." This book of 1008
pages, and containing over TOO illustra-
tions, is sent free on receipt of stamps
to pay cost of mailing only. Send 21
one-cent stamps for the edition bound
in paper, or 31 stamps for the cloth-
bound. Address Dr. R. V. Pierce,
Buffalo, N. Y.
OPOOOOOOOOOQOOOOOQ
gw PALACE «D 2« D 2
GRAND hotels o
: bah wnANcimca. !?
Connected by a covered passageway, j*
» 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attached. *■
O ■ All Under One Management. Q
0 VOlt THE PKICE3: Q
-. European Plan. SI .OO per day and upward n
w American riaa.sB.oO per day and upward
ft Correspondence •elicited. Q
0 . JOSH 0. KIBSPA7BICK, Huaager., q
QOOOOQOOOQO OO QCOOfI
BAILBOAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Saoaallto Ferry.
FROM SAN FUAJN^I&CO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— *7:2O, »9:SO, 11:00 a. m.; *l:iS.
3:46, 5:15, »6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Monday,
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
■ SUNDAYS— •B:OO, »10:00, *ll:30 a. m. ; «1:15,
3:00, *4:30, 6:15 p. m.
Trains narked • run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S.2S. *6:35. 7:45, «9:30 a. m. ;
•12:20, 2:20, *3:45. 5:05 p. m. •
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays'
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
DAYS— 6:2O. »8:00, *10:00, ■■•11:55 a. m •
•1:15, *3:10, 4:40, *6:20 p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Quentln.'
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— S:4S, 6:46. 7:55, 9:40 a. m. •
12:35, 2:45 3:50, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:05 a. m. : 12:05, 1:20. 3:20
5:00, 6:20 p. m. - -■.;•■■•. •
' THROUGH TRAINS.
7:20 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns
1:43 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations., r.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta's.
"JOUST TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAt.
••-. (Via aauaahto Kerry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing Sunday.
Sept. 11, 1S98: ■ ■ :.".' •■
Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 p. m. "'•
Sundays— 10:00.- 11:30 a. m., 1:15 p m
Round trip from Mill Valley. $1. -
: THOS. COOK. & SON, Agents, «21. Market
street, San Francisco. /
BAILBOAD TBAVSIi. ;
NOVTHKKR I'AfIFIC COMFAJtr.
(PACIFIC SySTBM.)
Tralm Icnro nml »r«? ilm« to nrrlve J»*
NAN Fit 4 *<!*<<».
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street) .;
-.save — From Nov. 3. 1898. — akiut»
•6:OOa Nile*, S»u Jose Mid Waj Stations... •*: -J»A
7:00 a Benlcis, Suisuu and Sacramento. ... 1©:-1oa
"iOOa MarjßTillo, OroTlUeaud Redding Tla
Woodland 5 15 P
. 7:OO a. Klmira, VaeaTille and BuiDSey »M»P
7:30 Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo. Napa,
l.'alUti'ga and Santa Uosa O:13p
8:00 a Atlantic Uxprem, tig.len and K*st.. 8:*»r
SiKOa San Jose, Stockton, Valley Spring,
love, Sacramento, M»rjßTille,
Chleo, T h»ma and lt«l HI ni1.... 4il*r
gilto v Stockton, Oakdale and Jamestown. . « 1 1 •■>
*I»z3Oa Milton "ilil
8:0Oa Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop, Meroed
»nd Fresno . .- 12.-15P
9:«<»a KrrNiio, UakcrnlifM, Sai.U rterhan,
Los Angelea, Deiniug, El Paso,
New Orleans and Kast 6:4
........ Fresno, Mendota, Tracy and Mar-
tinez a-.*sr
1 0:OO a Va!l,jn, Martinez and Way Stations "r.iSp
•l:OOp Sacramento Uifer Stenniers •»:«l>i-
1 :OOr Niles. San Joae and Way Stations ... II :45a
. San Jose, Niks and Way Stations... t»:I3A
2:00p Niles, Tracy, Menduta, lianf urd and
Vi5a1ia........ 4:13p
....... LiTeraore, San Jose, Niles and Way >■■ :
Stations :10:15a
41:00 Martinez, Kan Ramon. Vallejo,
Naiia, (,Vll»toga, Xl Veruno and
Sni.U 9! »»*
4:00k Benicia, Vaeavllle, Won ill and, ; Ny
Knights l.antiiiiß, MarysTiUe, Oro-
ville aiidHHL-iHinei.to IO:*8a
4i3'»p Haywards, N lies and San Jose 7j45a
SsOOr Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Krt-sno,
-.■- . MojaTe, Santa Barbara and I. us
Angles Bi4»a
StOOr Santa P» Route, Atlantic Kiiress m _
for Mojtt»e ami ICast 6:«p
I[3ioop "Pacific Coast Limited," El Paso,
Fort Worth, Li-.tle Rock, tit.
-,-'-.< Louis, Chicago and East §6:«Sp
S:3Op Sau Joxe. Tracy. Jathrop.
Merce<l and Fresno. • -••■•••
8:80p Stockton I 3f t I"2 p
• iO«i- Kuriweaii Mall, Ogileu and l'.ast.... 9:13 a
•6iooi> Vali«J« •• l*rl»P
J7:oor Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions tos43*
SiOOpOreKOii ICxiirrw.Sui-iiiineiito. Marys-
>■■. ■■■:<■ »llle. lte.l«ling, PurtlHiid, I'uget
So.in.l and Kant Bjl3a
' "SAN i.KAMIU() AXI> lIAVWAItMS I,U<:AIi.
(Foot of Market Street.)
1 MflroMs .Srniiniirjr Park, (
«:OOa J.HclilM.r«, KlmhurHt, 1.0!j,*I .o!j,*
i*S ! 22* San l*»i.dro.Bomli San I \VAVt
li" «om Loremo, Cherry - il«4sr
ii'tWp - »«■' t*=*ijp
StOOp HajnurtN. is:l»i-
7iOOp i Runs through to Nlles. 7:13p
. J t From Nlles. I ,
COAST IHVInIO.N (Narrow «nnge).
;-:,:- ; : ; ': (Foot of Market Street.) __^
BilsANewark.Ceuter»ille,SanJose,Felton,
Boulder Creek,SanUOruzaad Way
Stations SisO*
*StlSp Newark, CenterTllle, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way '
Stations MO:B«a
4ilsp Newark. San Jose and Los Gatos... 9:20 a
t11:43p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations t~:2of
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Tttm SX« rRUCISCO— root of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:1)0 ll:0<l».U. tl:00 *2:00 t3:OJ
•4:00 15:00 *8:00r.M.
rreni 0»IU»D— root of Brwiwu.T.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
tl2:00 M:00 t2:00 i 3:00i 3:00 ii:00 . "5:00r.M.
COAST VISION (l;roail (iauge).
(Third and Townsend Sti.)
7:OOa Han Jose hhil Way Stations (New "
Alinaden Wednesdays only) Ix3Ol
B.OOA Han .lose. Ties I'lmw, Shi.U Crux,
Pacific (3ri)To. l'aso Rubles, Mau
Luis ()1)Ih)m>. Guadalupe, .Surf tin A
Prlncii'sil Way Stations 4:I0r
IO:1Oa San .lose anil Way Stations «»:<IO.»
11:30 a Sail Jose and Way Stations 8:35*
•2:-ISr San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park, - ; *
- Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Han Jose, /
Gllmy. Hollister, Santa Cruz,
v Salinas, Monterey and Pacicc
Grore »IO:36»
•8:: tOp San Jose and Way Stations »9:OO*
•4ilSi> San Jose and PrincipAl Way Stations »:4S«
•3:OOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:S5j
3:30p San Jose an.l PriucipAi Way Statious 5:301
6::iOp San Jose ami Way Station* 7:30 i
M li4Sr San Jose and Way Station* 7:30 i
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• t*iindftjs exceptert. } Sunday* only, t Saturdays only
% Mondays and Thursdays 'Saturdays and Wednesdays
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
*AJt ffiANCISGO AND NORTH PACIf Ifi
RAILWAY COMPANY.
tbOM* P«rry< Nat •* Mark«rt 3&
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— a .00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:35,
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:54
and 11:30 p. m. - -. .
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30, 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30, 3:30,
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45,
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40,
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
-Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above. : "- : V
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
October 16.
Week I Sun- IS9S. Sun- Week
Days. I days. Destination. days. Days.
7:3oamj 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am B:4oam
3:3opm 9:3oam Petaluma, 6:lo pm 10:23 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:33 pm 6:2;: pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyservllle,
3 :30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33pm 6:22 pm
Hopland and
7:3oam 8:00 am Ukiah. I 7:35 pm 6:22pm
7:30 am • 10:25 am
8:00 am] Guerneville. 7:35 pm|
3:3opm j | 6:22 pm
7:3oam S:ooam Sonoma 10:40 am B:4oam
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pmj 6:22 pm
7:3oam 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm 6:00 pm! | 7:35 pm| 6:22 prn
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton Tor Lytton Springs; at Gey-
servllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, Kelseyville. Carlsbad
Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley.
John Day's, Rlverslfle. Lierley's, Buckneirs,
Sanhedrln Heights, Hullville. Booneville, Orr'«
Hot Springs, Mendoelno City, Fort Bragg.
Westport, Usal, Willitts. Laytonvillf>. Cum-
mine's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's. Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates. ■•■:. . '."..
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San. Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St.. Chronicle bids.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
California
Limited
Santa fe Uou fe
Connecting: Tralri^Eeaves San Fran-
cisco at 5 P. M. every SUNDAY,
TUESDAY, FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 8:15 A. M. the
following: Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday, Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR. Ob-
servation Car ' and Electric
Lighted Sleeping 1 Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Daily
Overland Express.
SAN FRANCISCO TICRETISiCE— 621 MARKET ST.
TELEPHONE MAIN 1531.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street.
San Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara St
___ — , " ■ — , — : — -
WE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAIi JOAQUII
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From .\ov. iv, ±»js, crams win run aa follows:
South-bound. • North-bound.
Passen-I Mixed. Mixed. IPassen-
ger. Sunday Sunday ger.
Dally. Exo'ptd Station*. Exc'ptd Daily.
i j • •
: 8 110:30 am Stockton 3:45pm s:sopm
10:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 4:o3pm
11:40 am 6:30 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:32 pm
12:3Spm 7:45pm Hanford 7:45 am I:3spm
3:20 pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:30 am 11:25 am
12:5Spm] 8:60 pm Vlsalla 6:4o ami 1:15 pm
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
California Navigation and Improvement Com- .
pany, leaving San Francisco. at 8 p. m. dally,
excepting - Sunday, and Stockton at 6 p. m.
dally. ■ '-■".-■■-.■■..-..■ .- •■;■.■;
" For stage connections see official time table
or inquire at Traffic Manager's Office, 311 Mar-
ket street. San Francisco.
1516
CAPT. PALMER
WORKS HIS OWN
DESTRUCTION
Commits Suicide at
the Presidio.
MORBIDLY CONSCIENTIOUS
LOST HTS MIND BROODING OVER
MILITARY DETAILS.
The "Unfortunate Officer Was in Com
mand of the Alger Battery,
Wyoming Volunteer
Light Artillery.
Captain Granville R. Palmer, command-
Ing Battery A, Wyoming Volunteer Light
Artillery, "better known as the "Alger"
Battary. committed suicide at the Presidio
on Friday afternoon about 4 o'clock by
shooting himself in the mouth with an
army revolver. The horrible dee 1 was
committed in Captain Palmer's quarters-,
Tvhioh were in one of the offices' build
lug.-? faring on the post parade and next
to the Presidio Club.
When the Alger Battery left on the
CAFTAIK GEABVILLE E, PALMER, DRIVES TO DEATH BY A DRILLBOOK.
Newport, Captain Palmer was ordered to
the Presidio for temporary quarters pend
ing the return to the report made on him
by the board of officers. This board ha<]
bo< n ordered to examine the officer in
order to ascertain his fitness to command,
and its report had been sent to Wash
.. There i^ no doubt that this fact
preyed on Captain Palmer's mind and
hastened the awful tragedy.
When he went to the Presidio he was
given quarters with First Lieutenant
Lock wood, Fourth Cavalry. His room
was in the rear of and across the hall
from the one occupied by Lieutenant
Lockwood. On Friday Captain Palmer
did not leave his room but remained in
bed. Nothing was thought of this as he
■was known to be mentally unbalanced
and in ill-health. About 6 o'clock in the
afternoon Lieutenant Lockwood went lo
his room and knocked on the door. Re
ceiving no answer he entered the room,
•where he found Captain Palmer's body
lying across his bed. In his right hand he
held the revolver, while the blood on tiia
floor and bed told of the awful means
he had nought to end his trouble. Lieu
tenant Lockwood at once reported the
matter to Colonel Wagner, commanding
the post, and the body of the officer was
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Whole Family Cured of
SKIN HUMORS
My wife had on her limbs five small pimples
that began to enlarge, developing into eating
ulcers, which, despite efforts to cure them,
grew worse, eating to the bone. With two
bottles of Ccticuba Resoltest, one box of
Cuticcra (ointment), and one cake of Cuti-
ccba Soap, she was cured in two months.
I was afflicted with papular rash, from
which I could not rest day or night. My skin
became in a very bad fix. Cl'ticura Reme-
dies cured me in one month.
My baby girl was afflicted with Eczema, her
limbs from her knees down were one solid
sore from which she suffered greatly. "With
Ccticcba Remedies there was a complete
cure. A. A. McLARTY, J. P., Winn, Ga.
CUTICURA WORKS WONDERS
The cures daily effected by the Ccticciu
Remedies of torturing, disfiguring, and humil-
iating skin, scalp, and blood humors, with lots
of hair, are so wonderful as to seem almost
incredible. Yet every word is true. They are
beyond all doubt the greatest skin cures, blood
purifiers, and humor remedies of modern times.
ErszDr Crai Treatment fo« EtebtKikd of Blood
ADD SEiif Humor.— Warm bath* with Cctici-ra Soap,
yentle anointing* with C'tTiciEA [ointment], «nd mild
dote* of Coiioi-ba Ht«ouT«»T. giftett of humor cure*.
Bold throughout the world. Foitik Dna akd Cbsk.
Our., Bole l*rop« . Urutnn. -•*»':*'■
mr " Haw to Care Ercry Skin »nd Blood Humor," ft**.
I removed to the Morgue of the post hos
pital.
There is no doubt but that Captain
Palmer was insane, and that he wrought
his own destruction, although to all ap
pearances he was sane on ne-arly all sub
jects. Captain Palmer arrived here with
his battery from Cheyenne on June 28,
and went into camp at Camp Merritt.
Prom the first he seemed utterly unable
to master the detail work attendant on
the command of the battery, and this
began to prey on his mind until it was
apparent that he was mentally unbal
anced. He was given a sick leave by
General Miller and went into the moun
tains in hopes of recuperating his health.
When he returned he showed no benefit
from his trip, and finally a board was
ordered to pass on him.
This seemed to have a very depressing
effect on C«ptair Palmer. One of the de
lusions under which he seemed to labor
was the fact that he was indebted to the
Government for many thousand dollars
of supplies and only a few days ago he
asked Lieutenant Lockwood if he would
be brought to trial, and if he was, if he
would be sent to Manila or tried here.
While the captain was known to be men
tally unbalanced no attention was paid
to this remark, as it was thought that
his ailment was only temporary and that
as soon as he was out of the army he
would recover.
On another occasion Captain Palmer
said to Lieutenant Lockwood that he
would not have any use for his "plunder"
in a short while, referring to his camp
outfit. Not long ago the unfortunate of
ficer called on General Merriam and told
him that he could not master the detail
of his work, and the department com
mander informed him that if such was
the case it was better for him to resign
than to make himself ill by fretting over
the matfer.
Captain Palmer was last seen alive on
Thursday night, when he went to dinner
at the officers' mess in the Presidio Club.
As has been stated he did not get up on
Friday, but remained in his room. When
he was found by Lieutenant Lockwood
Major Moseley, the post surgeon, was
summoned and he declared that the offi
cer had been dead about two hours, so
he must have committed the deed about
4 o'clock. When found Captain Palmer
had on only his underclothes. On a table
beside his bed was a copy of the army
drill for light artillery. The book was
open, showing that the unforutnate man,
in his last moments of life, was endeavor-
ing to master the details of the compli
cated art of war to which he had sacri
ficed his mind and life.
Captain Palmer was about 35 years cf
age. He leaves a widow and two children
who live in Cheyenne, which was the
home of the officer. They were at once
notified of his death. Yesterday the body
was tr.ken in charge by undertakers, who
will embalm it and forward it to his fam
ily in Cheyenne.
Don't Forget Them.
The boys who have so bravely upheld
our flag at Manila. You can't do a kinder
act than to ?end them a box of choice
groceries In time for Christmas. Levin
Bros., the leading grocers, pack and ship
free of charge. 1324-1326 Market street,
opposite Seventh. No branch stores. •
ATTEMPTED
TO MURDER
HER LOVER
Clara Winkleman's
Rash Act.
When Seized by Two Policemen She
Vigorously Resists Their
Efforts to Disarm
Her.
Thinking he Intended to desert her, and
determined that he should not live with
another woman, Mrs. Clara Wlnkleman,
a prepossessing brunette, yesterday af
ternoon attempted to murder Fred Hus
ted, her lover. That she did not succeed
was due to Husted's alacrity in getting
out of the way.
For some time past Husted and Mrs.
Winkleman have been living together in
a lodging house at 131 Taylor street. Evi
dently tiring of her Husted yesterday told
her he intended to leave the city and
would not return. The woman declared
she would kill him if he left her.
Thinking she was only "fooling," as he
expressed it, Husted proceeded to pack his
trunk, preparatory to taking farewell of
his mistress. Soon after 5 o'clock yes
terday afternoon he left his room, and
when he returned he caught sight of Mrs.
Winkleman standing against the railing
of the stairway.
"So you are going to leave me," she
nervously inquired. "I think you had bet
ter stay here, don't you"?"
Before Husted could reply the infuri
ated woman drew a revolver and fired.
Husted was standing below her and as
she pointed the pistol at him, he Jumped
backward and rolled down the stairs.
Policeman McLean was standing a
short distance away when the shot was
fired, and rushing Into the house he saw
Mrs. Winkleman standing at the head of
thu stairs with the smoking revolver in
her hand. The officer attempted to dis
arm her but she vigorously resisted his
efforts.
At this juncture Detective Tom Gibson
appeared on the scene, and assisted by
McLean, he took the revolver from the
woman. While they were struggling to
get possession of the weapon the woman
begged for another chance to kill Husted.
The woman was at once removed to the
City Prison, where she was charged with
tux assault to commit murder. She re
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAKL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1898.
FIRST NEW YORK
REGIMENT RECALLED
THE First Regiment of New York Volunteer Infantry, now doing
duty at Honolulu, has been ordered home by the War Department.
Major General Merriam. commander of this department, yester
day received a dispatch from the War Department instructing him
to recall the First New York Regiment Immediately. The first de
tachment of the Empire State boys will arrive here on December 6
and will be furnished transportation to New York at once. The re
mainder of the regiment will arrive on the 12th and will also proceed
to their native State without delay. This sudden and most unexpect
ed recall of the New York Regiment from Honolulu is the result of
the recommendation made to the War Department for the same by
General Merriam on Friday.
The last report received here by the department commander
from Brigadier General King showed that the regiment was badly
off from a sanitary point of view, as many of the men were ill with
fever, and the dread disease seemed to be on the increase. General
Merriam, when seen yesterday afternoon by a Call representative,
said:
"The recall of the New York Regiment is a compliance on the part
of the War Department with a recommendation made by me. When
the regiment went to Honolulu we were careful in selecting the site
for a camp, but it appears that the malarious influences are greater
than were expected and cannot be successfully combated. The num
ber of daily increasing fever cases has caused much alarm for the
safety of the regiment, and has demonstrated that the camps are un
sanitary- On the next steamer I shall send my order for the recall of
the regiment."
General Merriam said that no regiment for the present would be
assigned to replace the New York boys. The reason of the recall is
entirely a sanitary one. The New York soldiers will be sent home
just as soon as they arrive.
fused to make a statement, except to
say that Husted had ill-trpated her and
that she determined to kill him. Her
Intended victim refused to assign any
reason for the woman's attempt to mur
RATTLING FOOTBALL
RESULTS IN A TIE
Olympia and California Battle for Suprem
acy and Each Side Scores
a Touchdown.
California 5, Olympic 5.
A PERFECT Western autumnal day.
grand stand and bleachers studded
with an enthusiastic throng all color
and noise and two football teams
that fought for every moment of a hard
and severe struggle was what the spec
tator got for his admission price at the
Olympic-California gridiron duel yester
day afternoon at Recreation Park. It was
the most interesting game of several
years, and the football enthusiast wu.s
not backward in recognizing It.
Long before the appointed hour the
bleachers were packed with the college
men, who came to shout, sing and use
j their leathern-throated voices in rhyme
j and without reason. The clubmen had a
following also, for the red and white were
picked by some as the probable winners.
On the side lines were the pride of other
i days— Billy Kennedy and Johnny Ham
mersmith. Ed Lewis strayed out of the
stand and Dr. Bryant found himself on
the field when the Olympics scored their
touchdown. Other Olympians of lesser
fame vociferated themselves into hoarse
ness and some few ladies in the grand
stand with long streamers of red and
white cheered lustily for the club athletes
whenever a bit of ground was gained by
the winged O. ,
Altogether it was very much lrke a
pocket edition of a championship game.
In fact, it was so regarded by the two
teams which furnished all the amusement
and whose clashing was the cause of
many a husky voice.
All the elements of good and bad foot
ball tore up the dust of the Recreation
gridiron yesterday, and this it was that
made the game full of genuine excite
ment. Hall, as usual, was the star. In
the prettiest and moßt brilliant run ever
seen on this coast he caught the ball on
the California thirty-flve-yard line and
ran through a scattered field, shaking oft
some of his assailants and giving others
a right arm that was a ground-measurer.
Sheehy tried at him, and so did Erskine,
but their efforts were futile. The first
thirty yards he ran alone, and then with
interference. Down the field he went as
a rider of the wind, to be toppled over
only seven yards from the Olympic goal
line. More, the freshman fullback, tried
to emulate Hall, and nearly succeeded.
He ran a good fifty yards at one time,
and received a like setback close to the
goal line of the enemy. For a diversion,
Code attempted a quarterback kick,
which McLaine skillfully caught,
gaining twenty yards thereby, and Percy
Morse broke out of the pack, when It
looked as if all were lost for the Olym
pics, covering twenty yards before he
was rubbed in the dirt. Then the fumbles
at critical moments and the uncertainty
of decisions on the part of the officials all
combined to produce what the pigskin
devotee calls a great day.
Three several times the blue and gold
had the pigskin within reach of touch
down and three times were they balked.
Tho Olympic line that gave way to the
college men when the red and white goal
was not in serious danger stiffened and
became likeadarnant on their own five yard
line. The college men quivered and drew
breath for each successive try to find an
opening in the Olympic line, but they
der him, but intimated that Jealousy
prompted her.
Mrs. Winkleman is the wife of Charles
Winkleman, a gambler. She left him
some time ago to live with Husted.
could not force the ball over. It was fine
defensive play on the part of the clubmen.
They saved the game again and again uy
their splendid stands when the smell of vie
lime on the goal line filled the California
nostril. California lacked judgment In the
selection of plays at the critical moment
In the first half, and the Olympics profit
ed by it.
At the end of the first half neither team
had scored. The game had been played
in the Olympic territory, and the Indica
tions pointed to a California victory. The
second half had progressed evenly for
both sides, when Morse punted to More,
who was ornamenting the California
twenty-yard line. Then something hap
pened which brought joy to Pete Smith
and curses to Cochran'a lips, both of
whom were on the Bide lines. More in his
nervousness fumbled the ball and a red
shirted Olympian assimilated it. The
Olympics tried to buck the California line,
but no gain attended their efforts. Code
then signaled for Percy Morse and the
latter was there. He got the pigskin and
around the right end of California's line
he sailed to the two-yard line. Every
muscle set and every nerve on tension,
the Olympics lined up for the crucial test.
Wilson was sent against the blue and
gold phalanx. The pressure was too
great. It gave way and the first touch
down of the game was scored amid the
wildest yells and applause from the Olym
pians on the stands.
California looked anything but happy,
but there was still time enough for even
a cataclysmic surprise. After several in
terchanges of punts that kept the crowd
guessing, the ball alighted in Hall's
arms on the California forty-yard line.
Hall separated himself from the spot on
which ho was standing about thirty-five
yards, when his fleeting career was ar
rested. The California team lined up in
one, two, three fashion. Hall ran around
the Olympic left again for fifteen yards.
Then Thane was given a try and he made
ten yards, the ball now being distant from
the Olympic goal lino but seven yards. It
was now or nevermore for the collegians,
so they worked one of their trick plays
that Cochran has taught them. The
Olympic eleven took the bait, massed
their defense on tackle and end. and Hall
shot over the line for a touchdown. Smith
failed to kick a goal and the score read
5—5,5 — 5, with no changes to the end.
California, with a comparatively light
line, played an offensive and defensive
game against the heavier Olympians that
was no less than surprising. Again and
again the Olympic athletes banged away
at the blue and gold line and they rarely
made the distance without the full num
ber of tries, and more often they were
forced to kick. California's playing,
omitting the fumbles, was generally good,
both on offense and defense. The Olym
pics played hard ball and they all worked
as they had not done before. Code sur
prised "all yesterday by his very costly
fumbles. Four times he dropped the
ball when attempting to catch punts, the
enemy securing it. Sheehy, who was the
keystone of the Olympic team in former
games, was not the giant in yesterday's
match. California's line was far stronger
than anything: he has met this year, but
he nevertheless played very good ball.
The officials were: William Erb, referee;
Charlos Flckert, umpire; Code and Sher
man, linesmen.
The teams lined up as follows:
Olympics. Position. California.
Hamilton R. E. L. Craig
Sheehy R. T. L. Whippla
Sexton R. O. L GreiSberg
Bandy Center Cornish
Hobbs L. G. R Athern
Erskine L. T. R Blngle
McLalne L. E R Womble
Code Quarter Kerfoot
• Thane or Hopper
Morse R. H. L Hall
WUsoa L. H. R Thane or Smith
Atklnaoa ..Full Smith or More
SAYS HE DID
NOT APPROVE
OF THE LIBEL
Hearst in the Claus
Spreckels Case.
DECLARES HIS INNOCENCE
MANAGING EDITOR LAWRENCE
WOULD NOT RETRACT.
Grove L. Johnson Wanted to Show
That Lawrence in the Conduct of
the Examiner Was Incompe
tent and Unskillful.
The preliminary examination of W. R.
Hearst, proprietor of the Examiner,
charged with libel by Claus Spreckels,
was held before Judge Mogan yesterday
morning. The defendant was represented
by Garret McEnerney, and Grove L. John
son assisted Prosecuting Attorney Spin
etti.
The prosecution put in. evidence a copy
of the Examiner of June 7, 1897, contain
ing the libel complained of, and on the
admission of the defendant that he was
the proprietor of the paper, rested.
The defendant took the stand and testi
fied that on June 7, 1897, he was in New
York and had not been here since, until
within the past month. A. M. Lawrence
was the managing editor of the paper in
June, 1597, and since that time. Defend
ant did not order the publication of the
item complained of and first heard of its
publication when he received information
that a suit for damages had been brought
against him by Mr. bpreckels for $1,000,uu0.
Cross-examined by Attorney Johnson,
defendant said that Lawrence had entire
control of the paper as far as a manag
ing editor could during the absence of the
proprietor. Defendant reserved to him
self the policy of the paper on national
issues only. He had given Lawrence no
instruction as to a policy regarding the
Spreckels family. Lawrence made reports
to him from time to time.
When his attention was brought to the
Item he disapproved of it. He had a talk
over the wire with Lawrence about it.
He did not know if he asked Lawrence
to make a retraction and could only re
fresh his recollection by asking Lawrence.
He did not send Lawrence a retraction.
He paid but little attention to the mat
ter. He considered Lawrence was a skill
ful and competent man for the position of
managing editor.
"Do you remember Lawrence having a
collision with the State Senate?" asked
Johnson.
McEnerney objected to the question.
"1 want to show," said Johnson, "that
Lawrence is incompetent and unskillful,
that he was in collision with the State
Senate, that he has abused and vilified
nearly everybody in the community, and
by his conduct has brought a crop of
lioel aults upon Mr. Hearst."
The Judge sustained the objection and
the defendant stated that he had still
faith in Lawrence. Continuing, he said
that he received reports from Lawrence
about once a month. He did not think
ho gave Lawrence written instructions as
to his policy with regard to the paper or
his duties. He also received reports as to
the financial condition of the paper. He
claimed to be a resident of this State and
was merely absent in New York on busl
*A M. Lawrence testified that he became
managing editor of the Examiner in June,
1836 He first knew of the article com
plained of when the papers in the $1,000,
00<) suit were filed. He notified Mr. Hearst
when the papers were served.
Cross-examined, he said he communi
cated with Mr. Hearst by wire and
Hearst wired that he disapproved of
quarrels with people with whom they had
no quarrels. He consulted McEnerney,
and it was decided that the item was of
such a character that it was difficult to
know just what to do as to making a re
traction. Hearst did not instruct him to
mike a retraction. He would only con
sult Hearst in extraordinary affairs.
"Did you consult McEnerney as to a
retraction?"
"Yes."
"Was it not the other way— McEnerney
called upon you and advised you to make
a retraction?"
"No."
In answer to McEnerney Lawrence said
that if he had seen the item before it was
published he would not have published it.
There was no occasion for Hearst giving
him instructions on such matters.
In answer to Johnson Lawrence said
AD\ EBTISEMENTS.
RIBBONS
Our leading sale for this week is heavy
silk ribbons, three and one-half inches wide
(nu-riber 30), with diagonal stripes; in pink,
light blue, lilac, yellow, cardinal, light green,
navy, brown and turquoise ; suitable for neck
ribbons and trimmings, also used for pillow
ruffles. The actual worth of these ribbons is
£0 cents a yard, but the price now is
Silk Novelties
Our silk department is now supplied with all the desir-
able novelties for this season at popular prices.
For evening: wear For street wear
Cream Brocade Mervilleux Exclusive plaid effects by
Cream Brocade Antique c ,
Cream Brocade Duchess hrench
Cream Striped Duchess Swiss and
Cream Bayadere Taffeta German makers
Fancy Work Materials
In this department our assortment has never been more
complete than at present, consisting of a great variety in:
cross-stitch canvas silk bolting cloth
tapestry Pt. de Esprit net
satin sheeting t fancy fish net
silk poplin darn net
denim plain and dotted Swiss
art ticking cords
felt tassels
plush fringes
white and colored linens down )
pincushions (uncovered) downilene \ sofa cushions
all shapes and sizes floss J
All at popular prices
Silks and ribbons now on display in our windows.
125 to 131 Kearny St.
ADVEETISEMENTS : _^^^^^^^ w _
NOVELTY SILKS
...AND...
DRESS FABRICS,
NEW GOODS.
NEW FANCY SILKS, for Waists, In Stripes and Dots, all the
latest shades,
$1.00 Yard.
(Pie V V 1 ill Ue
NEW BLACK AND WHITE SILKS, in Figured, Plaids and
Stripes, an elegant assortment,
$1.00, $1.25 and $1.50 Yard.
NEW ENGLISH TAILOR SUITINGS, 46 inches wide, both
Granites and ■ Meltons, In Grays, Browns, Blues,
Greens and Tans,
$1.25 Yard.
NEW FRENCH PIREOLAS, assorted styles, full 46 Inches
wide, in Red and Black, Olive and Black, Blue and
Black, and Green and Black,
$1.75 Yard.
NOTE.
We have also received this week a full assortment of
NEW FUR TRIMMINGS, in Beaver, Mink, Otter, Opossum,
Chinchilla, Astrakhan and Persian Lamb.
111,113,115, 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
that a retraction was never asked, which
W »WofiW 1 it not have been an easy thing
to publish a short editorial expressing ■re
gret for the publication of the article?
answered that it had never
been asked, and besides he felt that noth
in| would suit either Johnson or Storeck
els That was the conclusion of himself
ai 4o!f wo\"fd ne raiher fight than retract.
Was not that it?"
"I left it with my attorneys. :
Witness was pressed on this point, but
nothing definite could be got out of him.
It was then decided to postpone argu
ment on the case till next Friday after
noon.
Smith's Dandruff p omade
Cures eczema, itching seal*, dandruff and
falling hair. Guaranteed to give satisfac
tion or money refunded. At all drug
stores; price, 50 cents- sample sent free by-
Smith Bros., Fresno, Cal.
&538353835383 83 83 S3 83*83 S3 83' 83 83 83 S3
HUNDREDS OF USEFUL. PRETTY, "
So XSIAS PRESENTS. ,S
SS CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIME. 38
SEND FOR BOOKLET. FREE.
r-lti «i| SPECIAL 3
"lli;^^^ FOR ?
8- S#sSlr THREE £
j. Jf^fflfrf' DAYS, S3
gs To-Morrow, gj
8? |Sj*Jf Tuesday and gj
2! <-^^^\ Wednesday, a
a fflff TAQnil. -S
a Ir H^ RETTES, f 8
c . ** 0»k- Something "
£ . D4inty for the Bit- «
8S Ij i ' ** ting Boom. 8S
.* SI. SO. S
gg "Will be on exhibition and sale on gj
jj Second Floor." o.
S J. NOONAN, £
J5 Complete House-Furnisher. gg
gS 1017 to 1023 MISSION ST. gj
88 Above Sixth. jg
88 Phone, South 14. . Open Evenings, g.
88 83 83 S3 83 S3 83 83 83 838383838388838383
We i^ely on # . cr p|DTinii
Oculists Pb£ $c 2 n
Jo rur\ our Spectacle F&ctory-
Bring us Yours. ;
Opticians kop k GEN c Y .
642 Market St.
CHRONICLE building-
WE EMPLOY NO AGENTS.
Baja California 4
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodlslne and specific tonla
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of the
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative,
Invlgorator and Nervine. Sells on Its own '
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER, ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
US Market street. 6. V.— (Send lor Circular.!
PCMcheater's EasUah Diamond Brand. -
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-^JJ-v ■ Original and Only Genuine. A
£~ it nV\\ »•"• «I»»y» rellabie. UDiltukilV
tiA\yxS\^'^f^ for cc H efte *"" r * *"?«'" D -*£x\U
tl*^&&'£tF-!&&L mond Brand In Red and add mctt!Uo\vSr
TSk -^>Cjßboxe«. nealed with blue ribbon. Take VST
1*" ;#%> twiio other. Refute. dangnrouM tubttita- v
I / ■— and imitations. AtDroggi«i,er«en44«.
I » •# In ttamp* for partleu;»ri, te«:imonl»l< »n*
V^P* tS '•Kpllef for Ladles," <n ***"• b.r retmrm
m *<. H~ M L 10,000 Tntlmooitli. Ifmmr I'aper.
_ o ~r €*l»He»tjTChcinlcolCo.,M»dl»o« »<!•««>•,
■•la by sil Local OrafgisO. Pnit,A»X.A?
DR.MGNULTY.
n\HIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
±. Specialist cures Private, Nervous, and Blood
i»«se3 of Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men, free. Over 20y'rV experience.
Patients cured at Home. Terms reasonable. HoursO
to3daily;6:3otoS:3oev'gs. Sundavs.lOtoli Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call.oraddreas
P. ROSCOE McNULTY, M.D.,
26Mi Kearny St.. San Francisco, Cal.
'PIJTTCJTT'C'C' FOR BARBERS. BAK.
JD 11 U Oil Ed O «". bootblmdu. bat*.
...... . bouses, bllliara tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy- makers, -nnera,
dyers, flourmills. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen. - tar-roofe.rs. tanners, tailors, etc.
- BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento 36THE CALL Sunday Edition
THE GOVERNOR
TALKS WITH
ALICE RIX
THE MORNING
AFTER ELECTION
_ g ELLO!"
"Hello T '
Y*\ "Is this Menry T. Gage?"
1 '"This is Governbf Gage!"
J . "Ah,. yes! And how are you, Gov
ernor?"
"Me? I'm all right."
"So I heard Tuesday night. How does it
feel to be Governor?"
"Well, I don't know that I have noticed any
particular difference in my feelings. Say!
This is no way to interview me, over a tele
phone!"
"I beg your pardon?"
"I say you can't interview me this way!"
"Oh, yes, I can, thanks. I don't mind a
little inconvenience. You were talking about
» your feelings, Governor?"
"No, I wasn't. There's no difference in my
feelings."
"What? Not since November the eighth?
"Not a bit. I feel just like an ordinary
man."
"Really? Then you weren't nervous?" --
"Nervous? What about?"
"Well— the election, for instance. There
must have been a critical moment, wasn't
there?"
"I don't know that there was. I had a good
deal of confidence in the intelligence of the
people of California when it came to electing
a. Governor. Say, what's this all for, any
way?"
"For The -Call."
"Well, who ordered it?"
"Nobody. It was courteously requested.
We have vefy good manners on The Call."
"Well, I'm not going to be interviewed by
anybody on this line."
"It's the best line in the city, Governor. I
can hear every word you say."
"Phsaw! I don't mean that. What do you
know about politics?"
"Oh, Governor! I haven't time this morn
ing — "
"Well, neither have I. What do you want
to know, anyway?"
"Just a few little * things. For instance,
where shall you live — in Sacramento?"
"Yes."
"Mrs. Gage is pleased with the idea?"
"I don't know whether she is or not. You
can ask her yourself."
"Thank you."
"The Call had an interview with her a little
while ago. You can look that up if you want
to know."
"Thank you."
"What else?"
"Have you pledged yourself to support any
candidate for the United States Senate?"
"No, I haven't."
"Well, would you?"
"How do I know? It would depend a
good deal on the candidate. See here! I'm
not going to have my political opinions mis
represented — " i
"Oh! Oh!"
"What's that? I say my political opinions
are of too much imoortance to be misrepre
sented. I won't be misquoted. I want jus
tice,"
"Don't you think The Call has done you
justice on the whole. J
"The Call has treated me magnificently all
through this campaign."
"Then, don't you think you might bbee — cr —
;ivil to me as » mere matter of cbartssy to Ths
Call?"
"I'm willing to be civil. Only I want to be
civil to somebody I know."
"It is my misfortune, Governor, that we are
strangers."
"Well, read me as far as you've got."
"I think I do not understand — "
"What have you got down so far?"
"Oh! Written? Nothing."
"What have you said about my political
views?"
"Nothing. You haven't said anything
about them yourself, you know."
"There was that question about the United
States Senate — that's an important point, I
want to be correctly quoted. "
"I will quote you, Governor,- word for
word."
"You'd better let my political views alone."
"As you like."
"If you want to know what they are you
can find them all in The Call. They have all
been printed throughout the campaign. The
people know my politics."
"Yes."
"You can't interview me on politics at this
time."
"No."
"Well?"
"I had thought of a few other matters — but
some other time, Governor, when you are not
nervous."
"Who said I was nervous?"
"Why — aren't you nervous?"
"No — I'm not."
"Are you always like this, Governor?"
"Like what?"
"So cross."
"I'm not cross, either."
!! Ah? "
"Go on. \\ r hat else do you want to know?
What did you want to talk about? Nobody
has any right to try to interview me on these
lines. It is not fair to a man in my position.
I can't express my political views over the
telephone."
"Dear heaven. Governor! There are other
things in life besides politics. As Governor
elect of the State of California you possess a
particular interest for many persons not di
rectly concerned with your political views.
There is a lighter side to the situation, and
you might discuss that, you know, without
compromising your new dignity."
"I don't know what you are talking about!"
"I'm sorry. There is ' no mistaking you,
Governor."
"What do you mean by a lighter side? Ask
questions."
"Oh, well — life at the Executive Mansion,
whether there is going to be an Inaugural
Ball—"
"Here! I'm not going to talk to you any
longer about this matter — "
"Permit me, Governor, to end the inter
view."
"I don't call this an interview."
"Don't your"
"No!"
"Oh."
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1898.18
THE SCIENCE OF PLEASING WOMEN AND WHAT IT MEANS
"Woman Controls Man To- Day Despite His Boasted Strength."
EXPERT medical opinion is that the American business man is degenerating. Dr. George F. Shrady, editor of the Medi
cal Record and recognized as the leader of the profession in the United States, says the cause of the truth is one
that can be summed up in three words— straining after luxuries. Beside this fact Dr. Shrady places woman and says
it is to please her that the business man is burning the candle at both ends.
The statement most commonly made concerning the early breakdown and generally debilitated condition of the
business men of the United States is that they never take things easy. Dr. Shrady declares that it is not the intoxica
tion of money-making, the pleasure of becoming a modern Midas, that causes such a condition, but it is the desire to gain
wealth in order to gratify the ambition of what has generally been called the weaker sex that makes the bune and sinew of
the business world mature at thirty and be far on the down grade at forty.
MEN are much abused individuals and while they are far from
being injured innocents they are painted far more black
than the facts warrant. If a man were left to what are
purely his own inclinations his life would be of the simplest
because his tastes are naturally of that sort. In order, how
ever to hold his own with woman he finds it necessary to tak- on
new habits, a host of new expenses and live a life that by no means
conforms with his original desires as nature implanted them in him.
"The Science of Living Is the Science of Pleas ne Women."
Theref"ie the science of living as modern man interprets it is
the science of pleasing woman. Women of all degrees love luxury,
although their ideas of what luxury consists of vary in accordance
with the station in life of the individual. A trip to Manhattan Beach
is to one what the diamond parure is to the other. In each case
It is a luxury, and in order not to be excelled by his fellows the man
in either case who strives to be first with the woman he cares for
must find a means toward gratifying at least occasionally luxurious
tastes in his sweetheart.
"Women Can No Longer Be Called the Weaker Vessel."
Woman can no longer be called the weaker vessel. Her influence
over man, the fact that she has really become the pivotal center of
man's existence, has so increased her power of control that it forever
puts an end to the old-time theory of weakness. She may not be
able to saw wood or carry trunks as easily as man, but she can
twist man around her finger and make him rejoice in the twisting.
In other words, woman has so far exceeded man in progress that to
day *he is the real cause of that feverish activity that makes the
modem business man of the United States stand alone among his
fellows of the world as the one who carries the maxim of business
first and pleasure afterward to an extreme far beyond the bounds
of coii'mon sense.
The Sin of the Rusiness Man To-Day Is Straining After Luxuries.
The sin of the business man of to-day is straining after luxuries.
How Dewey
Beat
the British.
IN 1565 George Dewey, then a lieu
tenant commander, was the execu
tive officer of the stanch old frig
ate Colorado. I was his ship's
writer and had opportunity of
knowing him intimately, and I shall
never forget a most exciting contest
which we had in the bay of Gibraltar
■with her Majestj 's flagship Bellero
phon, known in song and story as the
"Billy Human."
She was cried up to us by her men
as the crack ship of the British navy.
I do not say that she was; I am sim
ply giving you assertions made by the
English boat's crew, coming alongside,
bringing the English admiral on a
visit. Mr. Dewey heard of this bragga
docio in some way and determined to
give the Englishmen a "run for their
money." He knew well the English
routine aboard ship, having been with
the Wabash on her European cruise in
1859, and he knew that the British sea
men prided themselves more than any
thing else on the speed with which
they couiJ lower their sails and Hag.
At sunset, chronometer time, the
American tlag comes down to the
music of drum and tife; at the same
time the word of command is given and
the masts and yards leave their perch
and art; lowered to the deck.
In the British navy the sunset gun
Is fired at actual time, or was so then,
and the flag was lowered as the soars
came down.
Shortly before sunset Mr. Dewey
walked up to the bridge, aft of the
Quarterdeck, and took the trumpet
from the officer of the deck. Soon after
Admiral Goldsborough, Commodore
Steedman and Captain Wyman joined
him.
At the usual time our old flag flut
tered for a moment at the Raff and
then descended like a bird of paiadise
upon the after deck.
Not a word, however, came from Mr.
Dewey. Every eye was turned upon
the English frigate, waiting for her
Bignal gun. The men were all at their
stations, quivering with suppressed ex
citement. Had we been waiting with
shotted guns for the signal to com
mence a life and death struggle for the
mastery of the port there could have
been no greater tension.
Suddenly the sunset gun boomed out
from the Bellerophon, and her royal
yards swung to a perpendicular.
"Away there, you men!" came
through the speaking trumpet like a
Bharp clap of thunder.
No one paid any more attention to
the British ship; the men bent every
energy to the task before them; the
topmast went up far enough to slip out
the underpinning; then down slowly
but surely came masts and yards at
the same time. It was a very perilous
undertaking. The Immense pieces of
timber, eight inches through at the
butt, are held in their place by stout
Iron bands, strong enough to bind the
big sticks while perfectly perpendicu
lar, but powerless, had the enormous
piles tilted to one side. Each wa3, how
ever, guided by strong and steady
arms, and down they came with the
yards still hanging alongside.
A single misstep, a tilt of the ship, a
parting of a strand, and the ponderous
mass might have plunged through the
ship's bottom.
In less time than I have taken to tell
of the feat the old ship was stripped, her
Btumpy-looking lower masts standing
alone and making her look like a
shapely wreck.
We now looked for the first time over
to the Englishman. We were amazed.
His yards were not yet on deck, al
though his seamen were working for
flear life. We could not help setting up
a. cheer.
"What's your hurry, Dewey?" called
Soldsborough, quizzically. The poder
ous old admiral had been as eager as
ihe rest of us to give the "lime-juicer"
a lesson in ship maneuvering, but he
couldn't help playfully twitting our ex
ecutive on this willful waste of good
powder.
"No hurry, sir; no hurry at all," an
swered Dewey with a toss of the head,
"juet our usual practice drill."
We staid in the Straits of Gibraltar a
week or two after this, but we never
heard another word from the "Billy
Ruffians" about their famed seaman
ship.
I remember how strongly Dewey used
to impress every man of us aboard
ihip. He was brim full of life, energy
and appreciative wisdom. In person,
ac was hardly of average size, he had
foal black hair and eyes; a long thick
nust&cne and onve complexion, with an
iquiline nose that gave him something
!>f an Hebraic cast of countenance. He
ivas then in the prime of life, being
ibout oO years of age, well formed, with
a courtly, insinuating air; soft and al
most caressing in speech, except when
aroused to anger, when his sharp
juick tones would go through the per
lon addressed, like a shiver through an
ague-stricken victim.
Dewey was popular with the men,
much more so than with his associate
officers. When things went wrong,
when some mishap occurred, arising
from neglect or inattention, the of
fender ould be treated to a cres
FIVE DOCTORS TELL HOW TO PREVENT
AND CURE COLDS
Dr. Charles E. Parent
THE epidemic prevailing in the
city at the present time presents
many of the symptoms of in
iluenza. It is undoubtedly the
same as that which prevails in
our Eastern cities and in Europe in the
fall of the year.
The disease commences with a mild
fever. There accompanies it a catarrhal
condition of the mucous membrane of
the respiratory tract, and in some cases
of the digestive tract.
There is general debility and nervous
symptoms are prominent. There is al
ways a strong tendency to inflamma
tory conditions, especially of the lungs.
The nature of the "epidemic influ
ence" which gives rise to the conditions
is still unknown.
The question of contagiousness or m
fectiousness of Influenza is one of grave
interest and has been the subject of
much controversy. Many physicians
claim that the disease is transmitted
by contagion only. Epidemics of influ
enza have overrun vast areas with
great-rapidity, oftentimes making its
appearance in cities and attacking
great numbers simultaneously, as in
San Francisco at the present time.
Hence one should look for other
sources than contagion. The long
space of time without rain and the
unusually warm weather produce veg
etable decay in the artificially built
lakes and reservoirs from which San
Francisco obtains its water supply.
This is undoubtedly a great factor in
the cause of the present epidemic. I
would strongly recommend that all
drinking water be boiled for at least ten
minutes and bottled in well corked bot
tles.
While this influenza is not in itself
dangerous to life it should be attended
to at the start, for your family physi
cian can then correct a condition which
may result in unnecessary sickness.
The disease itself is not serious, but
it carries in its train so many compli
cations which may become serious. One
patient is different from another and
no rule can be laid down to cover every
case.
Quinine is the remedy usually given.
It must not be taken in large doses, as
it tend 3to further depress the heart,
which influenza invariably weakens.
There is a remarkable prevalence of
sore throat in connection with the in
fluenza this fall. It is very painful and
is contagious. Any of the usual gar
gles will be effective, and should be
used as soon as a sore throat first ap
pears.
There is a disease which is ver-<- pre
valent, not influenza in any form, but
a disease by itself. There is the chill
with fever following, soreness and pain
in all the bones and joints, and nervous
symptoms. This ifi not grippe, though
it is frequently mistaken for it.
To avoid the prevailing epidemics one
can only give the same advice one
would give for avoiding any illness. The
man who keeps his system in good
v.crklng order is not liable to take any
prevailing disease. To do this he
should take exercise, plenty of it, and
get out of doors as much as possible.
Wear sufficient clothing; this is another
thing which women particularly do not
pay enough attention to.
cendo, starting with calm sarcasm,
graded according to the enormity of
tho offense.
The men all took this in good part.
Dewey had a peculiarly happy knack
of making it appear that it was the
"service" that was doing the growling,
he being merely the spokesman.
'Isn't that dreadful!" he would cry,
loud enough for half of the main watch
on deck to hear, as a soiled inebriate
tumbled over the side from shore leave.
"Here we are, agents of a great na
tion, sent by the Government to repre
sent the intelligence of a free people,
and yet look at this specimen of Amer
ican humanity. Go below, you wreck,
and hide your head on the berth deck"
— and the stupefied fellow would slink
away, followed by the threatening
looks of the crew, who suddenly re
membered that they, too, were free
born citizens, and dignified represent
atives of the great American republic.
I remember that as soon as Dewey
took charge of the old Colorado he
commenced a series of practice drills
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1898.
He burns his electric lights all the time. He does this in order that
his ambitions may be gratified. He is degenerating as a victim to
ambition. Ambition is' the fox that gnaws its way to his heart and
it is wt man that spurs on the fox. His science of life is to make
wom?n happy, to make her look well, and in each individual instance
where possible to outshine her sister feminines. And he pays for this
with months and years of life. He pays for it by becoming prema
turely old, he shatters his nervous system, he pursues the bubble
of finance until at last as he falls gasping it bursts in his face. And
his reward is the smile of a woman, the consciousness that his wife
looks better than the other fellow's.
Man Would Not Care for Dress at All, If—
I cm not a woman hater. Women have inspired the best deeds
the history of the world records, but granting all this, we cannot
disguise the truth. If it was not fqr woman man would not care
anything about dress at all. But . for her he would be perfectly
willing to live in a hut or tent and wear a breech-clout. The
simpk-6t food that nat.ure gives would be just as agreeable to him
as champagne and oysters are to-day.
you can see examples of this any time you want to go down in
thai section of New York which Includes our financial world. We
will select a prosperous broker as an example. Did you ever stand
in the office of such a man when a carriage containing his wife and
probably her pet dog drove up? Notice the expression in the man's
face. It says: "That lady in the carriage is my wife. Pretty nice
looking woman. Notice her jewels? Haven't seen anybody with any
■better, have you? I did that. I gave her that carriage, those dia
monds, that fine dress she is wearing. Guess that's worth working
for, isn't it?"
The broker looks worn. He may be stout and jolly looking, but
there is that in his expression and in his general appearance which
indicates plainly enough that there never is time to refill the lamp
of life, that it burns steadily. He has been straining after luxuries
Dr, George Williams.
THERE is beyond doubt a peculiar
disease prevalent just at the pres
ent time. I am not satisfied that
it is or is not influenza. I have
had two cases which I am safe in
saying were both grippe. I was much
in doubt at the first diagnosis, but be
fore the patients had recovered found
unmistakable symptoms of grippe.
Grippe or influenza, which is another
name for the same thing, is a specific
disease. Dr. Pfeiffer in IS9I discovered
the bacillus. He is a student under Dr.
Koch and succeeded in breemme and
isolating the germ. It was for 'a time
believed that cholera would follow an
epidemic of grippe as an after result,
but this has been disproved.
The disease affects the nervous, re
s'irator>- or digestive tract and is se
rious only because of its complications.
In treating it the only way is to allow
the influenza itself to take its course
and watch the complications. One of
the most usual as well as the most se
rious after effects is paralysis of the
heart. It is unsafe to use any antipy
retic without at the same time using a
stimulant. For instance, I would not
give nuinine or anything else to reduce
fever without giving alcohol in suine
form as champagne, which is. perhaps,
the be? form, or whisky or brandy or
cognac. .
Pneumonia, according to statistics,
occurs in 10 per cent of all influenza
cases. It occurs, of course, only with
a patient who is predisposed to pul
monary affections. The older the pa
tient and the greater hold the disease
has taken upon the nervous system the
more serious and the longer the con
valescence will be. It should not last
longer than from two to eight weeks.
1 do not think the sewers have any
thing to do with it, nor yet the lack of
r;-in. It is a condition and a disease
which goes about just as measles or
whooping cough or smallpox does. It
is possible to make the attack lighter
by keeping the system in good general
tone. Having had it once does not
prevent one taking it again. One may
stay at home and so keep away from
it, but that is the only way, and even
then the influenza is quite liable to
make its appearance.
The soldiers who were camped in
large numbers near our city developed
diseases which we have never known
before. Herding a great many men to
gether taken from different surround
ings and different climates, giving them
different food and different occupations
from those they had always been ac
customed to, caused a complication of
diseases.
While 1 do not say that it is a fact,
yet I am sure it is not unreasonable
to say that these diseases among the
soldiers may be the cause of the illness,
which certainly is very prevalent just
at the present time.
The soldiers were in all parts of the
city and the citizens were in every part
ofthe Presidio. If any contagious dis
eases were produced, and I think it
more than likely that this is the fact,
the disease had ample opportunity to
affect the entire city in the precise
manner that it is affected.
The disease has not been frequently
fatal nor serious, but it is übiquitous.
that would have driven the men to des
peration under a less appreciative ex
ecutive.
Every day in port the ship was
stripped to the tops; masts and yards
coming down on the run.
At sea, on calm days, a raft, hastily
constructed, would be f;~ned adrift and
when far enough a-lea, t.ie boatswain's
pipe would summon all hands to quar
ters for target drill; then guns would
pop and shells would fly, until the tar
get was destroyed or the allowance of
ammunition exhausted.
Under this severe discipline the crew
soon became remarkably proficient;
they took pride In their work, and the
Colorado became known as the best
drilled ship of war in European waters,
barring neither rate nor nationality.
That is why we beat the Bellerophon.
Coprighted 1898 by W. W. Stone.
Japan Is a corruption of the Chinese
word Shiper.-kue. which means "root of
day," or "sunrise kingdom," because
Japan Is directly east of China,
By Dr. George F. Shrady.
"What Is It Most of Us Work For?
and the pride he exhibits shows why this is so. He has been doing
the worst thing the modern business man can do for himself.
What is it that the most of us work for when you come right
down to it? Just our board and clothes. Saying this makes me
thUik of a little incident that I was concerned in. It all happened
up near my summer place up Kingston way. I was driving a span
of horses along the road there, driving into town from my place,
when I overtook a fellow that asked me if I would give him a ride
into town. Most everybody around there knows me, but this fellow
didn't. I was glad enough to give him a ride and as we Jogged along
he commenced to ask me about myself.
"Whom do you drive for.?" he asked. "Dr. Shrady," I said. "Treat
you well?" said the man. "Fairly," said I. "How long you been
with him?" "Ever since I was a boy." "What does he pay you?"
"He gives me my board and clothes." 'Why, you're foolish to work
for him for any such return as that. Why, Mr. So-and-So's coach
man over here gets $30 a month and his board. Why don't you go
to some other place?" "Well, you see, I've been with the doctor so
long I don't like to make a change. Twenty-five years is a long time,
and then it's a good deal longer that I've been with him." "What
do you do for him besides drive?" "Oh, I wash him and dress him
and feed him, put him to sleep and wake him up and take care of
him generally." "Well, I swan, I think you work too cheap. What
sort of a man is the doctor?" "Oh, sometimes he's a pretty good
fellow and sometimes he's very cranky." "Well, does he find you in
tobacco?" "Yes, I smoke the same cigars he does and besides that
I eat the same food he does and wear the same clothes." "Eat at
the same table with him?" "Yes." "That is a privilege, of course.
Most people don't allow their servants to do that."
Here we reached the place where my companion wanted to leave
me. "Here." he said, "hold your hat down here, my boy, so I caa
light my pipe." I did" so and he lit it and got out. Then standing
on the ground he leaned into the carriage and looking at me very
earnestly said. "Look-a-here, my friend, if you go on working for
anybody for just your board and clothes you're a chump."
Are We a Race of Chumps?
And the query rose in my mind then as it rises now: "Are we
a race of chumps?"
Take the question then, what does a man gain from his labors?
I mean the average man of means, and the more you look for the
answer the more you will find that he doesn't get much more than
Dr. Frank B Carpenter.
I SEE no evidences for saying that
the disease which is prevalent is
grippe or influenza. Every year
after a continuance of fine weather
as at present, there is the same
prevalence of the same affection as
at present. People forget about it. It
is like the cold weather. When an unu
sually cold day comes people say: "It
is the coldest day I ever experienced,"
when in reality they have lived through
many colder days, but have forgotten
them.
The distinguishing feature of influ
enza is a catarrhal condition of either
the respiratory or the digestive tracts.
It is a specific disease, but every time
it appears it is different in its type.
We have had a good many epidemics
of grippe. There was one in 1837, which
was the first. There was one in Ibtis,
one in 1875 and one in 1895; but I do
not think there is one in IS9B.
The cases which have come under my j
notice have been of a bronchial nature. I
There has been some pneumonia, very j
much sore throat and one or two cases !
of diphtheria.
Not one case could I say was really
influenza.
I cannot say what it is, but I can say
that one good rain will wash It ail
away. It is not that the sewers need
washing out, but that the atmosphere
and the streets have accumulated im
purities. One good, hard rain will wash
them into the sewers and out of reach.
The cases of this malady which have
come under my notice have been in
every case caused by carelessness and
might have been avoided. I myself
have been having it, but it was my
own fault. It was very warm and I put
on lighter clothing than I was accus
tomed to wear. I was starting on a
long drive and before I returned it was
cold. The next day I was ill.
In treating the trouble one must ob
serve the particular case, so there can
be no law laid down as to general treat
ment. Where the disease attacks the
throat principally, as has been very
often the case, a gargle of chlorate of
potash is advisable. A saline cathartic
taken at night may be all the medicine
required unless there is much fever.
The sore throat is undoubtedly con
tagious, but this other affection is not
so in the least. I have seen the malady
go through a family and even through
a neighborhood. This was not because
it was contagious or infectious, but be
cause the different patients exposed
themselves to the same conditions.
I have examined very carefully in
the laboratory sputum from the throat
and lungs of my patients to see if there
were any specific germ and have found
none whatever.
The germ of influenza is of a pecu
liar appearance, easily recognized by
its shape. It does not readily take the
aniline coloring, but can be postively
determined nevertheless by the aniline
test. I have been more on the look
out for diphtheria than for influenza
and have found it quite recently in two
cases, one of which was fatal.
I do not believe there is any influenza
about in San Francisco, and I look for
the complete disappearance of this
prevalent disease when one good rain
comes.
VENUS OF MILO
NOT A VENUS
THE Venus of Milo is not a Venus
after all." So says Professor
Reinach, a French archaeologist.
"The opinion of one man whose
opinions do not carry much
weight in the art world." So says Louis
P. di Cesnola, director of our own Met
ropolitan Museum. And there you are.
The statue, which was found by a
poor peasant in the Island of Melos,
and which was sold by him to the
French Government for 500 piastres and
a suit of clothes, has probably been the
subject of more controversy than any
other work of art in the world's history.
There isn't an artist who does not have
his own views as to how the armless
statute should be most advantageously
restored.
Professor Reinach bases his theory
upon the fact that a similar pedestal
Just Our Board and Clothes"
What Is It That Most of Us Work for? Just Board a nd Clothes.
"Women of All Degrees Love Luxury."
Dr. Albert Grosse.
THERE is some sort of peculiar
disease which is very prevalent
just at present. I believe it is
grippe and that it is caused by
the condition of the sewers. There
is a scarcity of water in the sewers
which need a good washing out. The
city might have it at all times by utiliz
ing the salt water. This would keep
the sewers clean and make the city far
healthier.
I have had cases which presented ev
ery sympton of grippe. It usually
starts with a chill and soreness in the
entire body. Then fever and headache,
sleeplessness, dizziness and disturbance
of the respiratory or digestive tracts,
Each year when grippe appears it
comes in a new form and with particu
lar phases. This year there is sore
throat In almost every case, but not
particularly serious. I have had no
fatalities from the disease so far, and
do not expect to have.
There is no means of really avoiding
this influenza. It i 3 contagious. Its
effects can be lessened by preventing
complications. With weak or old peo
ple, or those suffering from nervous
diseases it is much more serious, as is
any disease, than with stronger peo
ple.
The only way to keep clear of it is
i by keeping the system up to par.
Good exercise in the open air and good
food properly eaten and good clothing
properiy worn are the best preven
tives. When the system is run down
■■ by any cause it is the best possible
\ ground for the influenza germ to de
; veiop in.
In treating the malady one must con
sider the particular patient, because the
serious nature of grippe lies particu
larly in its after titeeis. It takes a
strong hold upon the system, causing
great weakness and degression or ev
ery organ in the body. une of the
frequent causes of grippe becoming fa
tal is on account of its action upon the
heart. It nrst accelerates the beating
of the heart and then weakens it. When
the heart is already weak it is most
liable to cause paralysis.
In a general way it is safe to give
any antipyretic. Whether or not whisky
or rum is advisable is an open question.
I had two patients, a man and his
wife. When I was called I found them
bo-th suffering from influenza. Both had
fever and the usual soreness of all the
muscles and other accompanying symp
toms.
I prescribed first a saline cathartic,
to be followed by quinine and whisky.
I did not see the patients again till
I was called in four days later. I found
the man no better than when I had seen
him before, but rather worse and very
nervous. The woman seemed to have
quite recovered. I asked if they had
taken my prescriptions. "Yes," the
.man said.
■Is," his wife explained, "my
took the whisky and I took
ne."
the system is quite unaccus
splrits it is effective. Where
woman has been in the habit
ng alcohol in any form it is
:dicinal value.
was found near Melos in 1877, bearing
an inscription to Poseidon. Both stat
ues, he thinks, were probably made for
a temple in Melos, which was the seat
of worship of Poseidon and Amj>liitrite.
The fact that Venus was found burled
near Poseidon should not, however, be
taken as an indication that the statue
of the lady must necessarily represent
the wife of old Nep. Conjugal felicity
was not the stron^ point of the Greek
gods and goddesses of mythology, and
both Venus and Neptune may have
had their little affairs unknown to
either Vulcan or Amphitrite. So it
should not be taken for granted that
the lady was Nentune's wife just be
cause her statue was found near his.
Only the most vague references to
Professor Reinach's theory have reach
ed this side of the Atlantic. About all
that is really known is that the French
archaeologist demands that beauty
shall step down from her pedestal; that
the goddess who has held the palm for
all that is lovely in femininity must
yield her sceptre to the wife of Nep-
board and clothes. There's a great cry about club life ruining the
American business man. Rot, perfect rot. It is ignorance that causes
this cry. The exceptions are taken and held up as horrible ex
amples and the world never hears anything of the other ninety-nine.
There is a great hue and cry about a man enjcyi'nf high jinks
in the city during the summer while his wife is at some resort. He
is pictured as enjoying the Tenderloin and all its features, as living
high at his club and as being a much-to-be-envied creature in
general.
Now what is the truth v. here the majority of men who remain
in the city during the summer to attend to business are concerned?
They go to their clubs, yes, to be sure, and four-fifths of the evenings
they sit around and read until they get sleepy and then go to bed.
It has always struck me as very farcical, this depiction of the club
man's life in the summer time.
Woman Controls Man To-Day, and Despite His Boasted Streng ■' H
Does Her Bidding.
I suppose I am inviting no end of criticism when I say that
when it comes right down to results woman is no longer the weaker
vessel. She controls man to-day and despite his boasted strength
he does her bidding and more than that, he does it cheerfully.
You might add another maxim to that one about "the hand that
rocks the. cradle rules the world." Let us say that the_woman who
spends your money rules you. She looks pretty and that pleases
you. She is stylish and you are delighted. She wears her clothea
like a woman of fashion and that fills you with pride. She is a
walking exemplification of the fact that you can make money and
that money enables you to present this beautiful creature to the
world as yours, and you think every other fellow envies you and
doesn't possess ordinary intelligence if he fails to do so.
It brings back the stanza of an old ditty to me:
The lords of creation men they call
And they think they rule the whole;
But they're much mistaken after all.
For woman has control.
And ever since the world began,
It has always been the way — ,
yor did not Adam, the very first man,
The very first woman obey?
Woman has always been a power, but never in the history of
mankind has she had so thorough a grasp on the throttle of the
engine of civilization as she has to-day.
Dr. Henry Kest.
I HAVE found a number of cases of
genuine influenza in the last fort
night. I 6ave made careful analy
ses in the laboratory and I believe
lam not mistaken. Grippe, or in
fluenza, as it may be called, is a dis
ease which ia not by any means so fre-
quent in its occurrence as It has the
credit of being. When a patient is ill
and does not know what else to call
his malady he says he has the grippe.
Owing to the presence of large num
bers of soldiers in San Francisco it has
been said that the prevalent disease,
which most physicians are encounter
ing just now, is due to the disease de
veloped at the Presidio. While I know
that there were diseases at the Pre
sidio which it was impossible to posi
tively diagnose, I see no reason for be
lieving to this source can be traced the
present epidemic.
Whenever influenza appears it takes
on a form quite different in some re
spects from its last appearance. There
is a specific grippe bacillus which Dr.
Pelffer discovered in Berlin a few years
ago. To isolate and identify the bacil
lus is not an easy matter. One cannot
be certain of having accomplished it
except he inoculates from his cultures.
If he produces influenza in the subject
inoculated then he knows he has the
bacillus.,
I believe the epidemic to be due en
tirely to the long drought. It appears
every year just at this time, when we
have no rain.
''The illness is not a cold, though often
having only the appearance of a se
vere cold and sore throat. They have
the same disease in England, where
they call it a "bilious cold." I believe
it is influenza pure and simple, and
treat it as such.
It Is most certainly contagious. Hav
ing suffered with it once is no reason
for expecting to be exempt for the fu
ture, but quite the reverse.
The first symptom is usually a chill
followed by fever, with pain in all the
muscles and head. It is always ac
companied by a great lassitude and
weakness, and usually depression of
spirits as well.
This year the resniratory tract and
particularly the throat is affected.
A good purgative and a day in bed
may be all the medicine required. Rest
should be the first thing attended to.
because the disease affects the nerv
ous centers, and the only good medicine
for nervousness is rest.
For the fever quinine is the best rem
edy if given in small doses of not to
exceed two grains every four hours.
More frequent or larger doses tend to
weaken the action of the heart.
If the pain in the back or muscles is
severe, and it usually is, I give anti
kamina and codine together.
However, every patient has specia'
complications of his own md there car
be no general panacea unless it be tr
keep up the general tone of\the system
and inherit a good constitution.
My advice to any one who has ache?
in his bones and thinks he is about t->
be attacked with grippe is that he taki
a hot bath, a good big draught of en
thartic and get to bed. Under ordinary
conditions I do not think that mu< 5
medicine is required. Rest and quie
are much more efficacious. One day of
quiet rest in the beginning may save c
long complicated illness.
tune, a lady whom we have
led to suppose possessed any striking
amount of beauty.
But Professor Reinach says she was
holding up her skirts, so she must
have worn a Grecian bathing suit.
I went up to the Metropolitan Mu
seum and asked Mr. Cesnola about it.
He seemed surprised. He said he had
never heard the theory advanced
fore.
"The Venus of Milo," said Mr. Cer
nola, "has been the subject of rnuc:
controversy. This is not the first tim
the authenticity of the statue has bee
questioned. But I have never befoi
heard it said that she was Amphitrite."
"What do you think about Professor
Reinach's assertion?" I asked.
"The opinion of one man," replied Mr.
Cesnola. ''He is welcome to it. Who
cares? It has never been definitely
proved that the statue represents
Venus. That is true. But what differ
ence does it make? The fact remains
that the statue is the finest piece of
sculpture extant."
"Are We a Race of Chumps?'
What Royalty
Costs
the World.
THOSE who rail against royalty as
a useless and costly luxury will
find food for reflection in the fact
that the rulers of Europe are a
burden on their subjects to the
extent of from a forty-second of a cent
to fifty-two and a half cents a head,
an Impost at which even the most
thrifty can scarcely grumble.
The thrones of Europe require every
year for their maintenance a sum of
$30,000,000, or three times the annual in
come of the richest man in the world.
Even this stupendous sum, says Tit-
Bits, could be comfortably packed in
three large trunks; although the con
stituent sovereigns would form a path
way of gold nearly a yard wide, on
which the kings and queens of Europe
could walk in stately procession from
Charing Cross to St. Paul's.
In view of this display of gold, it cer
tainly seems scarely credible that it
only represents a yearly contribution of
seven «id one-fourth cents for each
subject throughout Europe.
As might, perhaps, be expected, the
Sultan is the costliest of monarchs, but
even in his case a contribution oi fifty
two and a half cents from every subject
would furnish his annual exchequer.
The Kings of Belgium and Greece
rank next to the Sultan in costliness,
but at a great interval. Ten cents a
year is all the claim they make on each
subject's loyal generosity.
Austria ranks next with a contribu
tion of 9^ cents each toward maintain
ing its imperial throne; Italy is fifth on
the list with 9 cents; Sweden sixth, with
8; then come Russia, with a modest
7 cents for the "Great White Czar";
Germany, with 6 1-3 cents for its al
mighty Emperor, and the United King
dom, with an individual 4 2-3 cents.
Between the cheapest of sovereigns
and the dearest of Presidents there is a
great gulf. Two cents from each
Frenchman would meet the yearly cost
of three Presidents, and each Swiss
with the same modest coin could secure
the services of twenty Presidents.
Victoria is thus the cheapest of all
European sovereigns if a tax were
levied on the United Kingdom alone; If
however, it be distributed over the
whole of her empire the tax would
amount to half a cent for each of her
subjects.
As Victoria is the least costly of
monarchs, she is also among the poor
est. Her total income available for
private purposes is not much more than
$1,000,000 a year, or $115 an hour—
a revenue less than some of her own
subjects enjoy.
Her entire private fortune Is, roughly.
$10,000,000— a capital which, converted
into sovereigns, might be stowed away
in a trunk six feet long and three feet
in height and width.
Compared with these modest sums the
czar's income and fortune are alike
stupendous. His private fortune, in
cluding his mines, forests and his 1,000,
000 acres, may safely be estimated at
$150,000,000, and his total yearly revenue
at $12,500,000, or about $24 a minute.
The Emperor of Austria is "passing
rich" on $7,500,000 a year. His dally al
lowance is $20,550, or a pile of sover
eigns three and a half times as high as
himself.
William, the German Emperor, has
$2,500,000 a year less than his imperial
brother of Austria, but even this lim
ited allowance admits of an expenditure
•very two days of as many sovereigns
as a strong man could carry to his pal
•ce at Potsdam.
All these incomes, however, look fool
sh and small when compared with the
$30,000,000 a year which the Sultan is
credited with spending. This sum, by
the way, is more than ten times as
much as his official income: a fact from
which some idea may be gleaned of the
vastness of his private fortune.
v This monarch contrives to spend
twice his own weight in sovereigns
every day. For pocket money he allows
himself three hundredweight of sover
eigns a week, and the same amount for
delicacies for his acres of tables. Four
and a half hundredweight of sovereigns
vanish every week |i presents. nnr» thA
°r-me weicht of srold is, required to
clothe the. many beauties of his harem.
Compared with this lavish expenditure,
it is really wonderful how the poor man
contrives to clothe himself on a paltry
$7500 a week, to which sum he rigidly
limits his tailors. . V.
During the r eat tulip mania in Hol
land a sum equal to £soou was offered
a . uu could prodtree a black
alip. " But though shades of pui'pie so
cep as to be almost black were at
•ined the reward was never claimed.
The fact is, nature wont allow it! A
ads flower would never reproduce its
md.
In tho case of every flower that grows
something must bring the pollen from
lone blossom to another, and tnis is done
by insects of one suit or another,
beetles, bees, moths or butterflies.
Now it's a queer fact that every insect
has a liking for some color or another,
but all combine in hating black. Not
one of them will go near a black object.
"Why does tne average woman prefer be
ing idealized to being understood?Don`t Put Money in Your Mouth
Mi IST gold and silver coins are
covered with deadly disease
germs, as well as any amount
of the filthiest kind of filth.
So say Dr. Gustav Eisen of
the Academy of Sciences and
Dr. Ernest Pillsbury of the College of
Physicians and Surgeons.
Both of these men stand at the head
of their profession, and their state
ments can be depended upon.
To test the statement, The Sunday
Call has- had coins in general circula
tion carefully examined and the germs
tak-n from them propagated. The re-
BUlt Is astonishing, and proves conclu
sively that coins undoubtedly spread
diseaE I properly handled.
Dr. Pillsbury believes them to be the
most powerful medium to this end
when there is not an epidemic. Isolated
cases of deadly diseases get out of
MAKE A BOTANY BAY OF THE PHILIPPINES?
THE fortunes of war and the logi
cal consequences of our indus
trial, numerical and financial as
cendency among the nations of
the world, call upon our Federal
Government to control the Phil-
Ippinea, Ladrones and perhaps other
groups of islands in the Pacific,
an.ountii.g, it is said, to nearly two
thousan in all.
Some of those islands are as large as
Illinois or Massachusetts, others as
email, perhaps, as Manhattan or even
Governors Island. Some are thickly
populated and productive; oth
ers are without hum populations, but
equally fertile, and all are enchantingly
rich in every gift of nature, with luxur
ious forests without limit, mountains,
lake? and plains, vegetation unstinted,
a: d birds, quadrupeds, reptiles, in a
diversity, variety and beauty which al
most bewilder the imagination to con
template even when guided through
their delightful maze only by the calm
Daces of an encyclopedia.
Forty years ago the Philippine ar
cnipelajro was thought to hold four or
five mil-ions of people. To-day the
eroui is estimated to contain more
nearly sixteen millions. They seem,
even under the Spanish compound of
love of ease and impatience over lib
erty, to have grown in population at a
ra<e something like our own.
What *hall we do with this paradise
of social sweets, the haven of easy phy
sical maintenance,
"What? Dump our criminals and
paupers, our feeble ahd defective classes
on them?" asks the Hon. Mr. Stay-as-
Now, in deep surprise, "to their eternal
disadvantage and to our disgrace? How
can you propose it without a blush?"
The transportation of convicts to Is
lands was prevalent as a measure of
social convenience and economy thou
sands of years before penitentiaries or
gang systems or penal servitude or
prison "galleys were known, and even
before the world ever purposely sought
so to treat a criminal as to reform him.
Its mention in the Book of Job proves
that it is nearly coeval with historic
In the United States, out of nearly a
hundred penitentiaries, only two or
three, under men like Plllsbury of Al
bany, or the famous wardens of the De
troit and Joilet prisons, have made the
houses quicker by the medium of coin.
than any other way.
"If a sick person as much as touche
a coin," says Dr. Pillsbury, "th
chances are that the germs of the dis
ease with which the person is afflicted
will infect it. Perhaps the germs may
rub off or come in contact with some
sterilizing medium, in which event no
harm will be done. But the chances are
in favor of the germs lying dormant on
the coin for a long time until they come
in contact with some person that fur
nishes the proper conditions for. the
propagation of the disease. Then they
will soon multiply, and the -erson will
be laid up with a deadly disease. The
greatest danger comes from the loath
some habit some people have of putting
coins in their mouths. This is almost
as dangerous as taking a dose of poi
son, only it is not likely to kill so
quickly."
Dr. Gustav Eisen thinks there should
be a law to compel banks and iarere
"CERTAINLY."
Says Professor Van Burcn Denslovtf.
earnings of the convicts pay the cost
of their support.
How intrinsically wasteful of human
effort must any system of convict la
bor be which, after reducing the cost
of maintenance of the prisoner to the
small figure of 40 cents a day, cannot
get even that return! In all of our
States we must assess invariably a
part of his support on the -taxpayers.
This, too, in a country in which ave
rage free labor, unskilled and skilled,
ranges at from one to four dollars per
day!
In New York the hostility of trade
unions to any employment of prison
labor in competition with the local
trades workmen drives the Legislatures
to forbid its employment in any trade
in which it can produce more than one
twentieth of the product of that article
made in the State. The new constitu
tion reduces even this small field of
labor to zero by providing that the
prisoner shall not be hired to any priv
ate employer; he must work only for
the State. Prisoners are also by the
humor of our legislators graded into
three classes, with the view^apparent
ly of rendering the prison a^polytechnlc
institute to one class, a gj'mnasium to
another and a comfortable hotel to a
third. In class A work shall be sub
ordinate to Instruction, in class B in
struction shall be made dominant over
work, and in class C neither instruction
nor work shall intrusively interfere
with repose.
The ultimate thesis established by
our New York Legislature is that it
is better for the State to saddle the
support of its prisoners on the taxpay
ers than it is to allow their own labor
to support them.
Fortunately, however, about nine
tenths of all criminals, probably to
avoid the expense of a trial, instantly
upon committing a crime seek to avail
themselves of the practical benefits of
transportation by running away from
the scene or the country. This is ab
solutely the best and wisest thing they
could do, and the serious wonder is
that the government should expend
great pains and treasure to bring them
back when it has no better use for them
than simply to deprive them of all pos
sible opportunity of fur.ther usefulness.
As nine out of ten criminals escape,
the age actually practices transporta
tion in a very much larger proportion
of instances than punishmenf\ with th«
difference that the transportation it
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1898.
nercantile houses to disinfect their
oins at least twice a week. In this
.ay the danger of their spreading dia
■ase would be reduced to a minimum.
"There is no doubt whatever," says
>r Eisen, "about the possibility of
-uld and silver coins being covered with
germa more or less deadly. The fact
ihat germs taken from coins in general
circulation can be propagated in a
"elatine media shows conclusively that
they are alive, and they would breed
just as quickly if they came in contact
with the blood of a human being. If
one kind of germ will adhere to a coin
so will another. The harmless yeast
plant might lie beside a germ of bu
bonic plague and nobody be aware of
the presence of either, even after dead
ly work had been done. I believe the
germs on coins are responsible for a
deal of sickness and a number of
■ '.i ■■■ ihs."
Some months ago a well-known busi
ness man made a business call on a
usually to another part of the same
country.
Considerations of cost and conveni
ence to society are at best merely eco
nomics, and therefore mean and even
belittling. The true contrast is be
tween a penitentiary system that never
brings repentance and a new and tree
life which saves by giving spontaneous
growth to the moral nature. This it
is which touches our moral sense as
observers of crime. Through this only
we begin ourselves to learn right from
wrong in the management of crime.
Frequently have I heard Judges just
ify themselves in letting very guilty
criminals, if young, go unpunished by
saying: "If I send that boy to the
penitentiary he is lost. If I can find
any other guardian for him he may
possibly be saved."
Says Dr. Allison: "The female con
vict on arriving in New South Wales
is almost immediately married; ere
long the male, if he is industrious and
well behaved, has the means of being
so. Regular habits then come to sup
plant dissolute; the natural affections
spring up in the heart with the crea
tion of the objects on which they are
to be exercised. The solitary tenant
of a cell, the dissolute frequenter of
spirit cellars and bagnios, acquires a
home. The affections of the fireside
spring up because a fireside is ob
tained."
In short, men become criminals where
crime promises Immediately to bridge
the abyss between them and the grati
fication of their desires, and they re
vert to goodness and morality when
these are the shorter and straighter
roads to the same end. Immediate in
terest is the key to both crime and
virtue. It is the change in the envi
ronment which makes the difference in
the conduct.
At this stage of the argument a class
of land reformers Jump Into the ring
with their hobby, and say: "Your col
onization scheme Is only annother
name for giving to man his natural
opportunities— viz., the right to the use
of the soil."
Not true. The romance of "Robln-
Bon Crusoe" Is made the most thrilling
in literature by showing by what a
miracle of good fortune one man's life
can be maintained where he is placed
in possession of all the natural oppor
tunities afforded by an abundance of
land and is cut off from all the artifi
cial or social opportunities due to the
presence of human society. It is the
Dr. Eisen's OpiQion of tb« Gern)s Found on Coins.
THE disease germs on gold and silver coins are of the greatest danger to human beings. The fact that they
ca"n be pro— '»rated in a gelatine media shows conclusively that they are alive. If in any way the germs
came into contact with the stomach or blood of a human being the result would be the same — the germs
would grow and produce the disease that might result in the person's death. Banks and large mercantile
houses should disinfect all coins in their possession at least twice a week.
man . living on Mission street. As he
wont up the steps of, the house he^saw
th<i man's little daughter with a ten
cent piece which she was amusing her
self with by sliding it between her lips.
"Don't do that," he said; "it's not
nice." i : i
"Yes, it is," the little one answered;
"my mamma gave it to me."
A few days later the child was laid
up with diphtheria and subsequently
died. There was no 'other case of diph
theria in the neighborhood, and while
there is no positive proof that she
caught It from the ten-cent piece, the
chances are that she did. She could
easily have done bo, for diphtheria
germs have been found on coins.
In order to ascertain just what germs
are likely' to lurk on gold and silver
coins a set of cultures and miscroscope
slides taken from coins In general cir«:
culation were made for The Sunday
Call. These have been carefully ex
amined by well-known microscopista
and the results are both horrifying and
disgusting.
Germs of nearly all the diseases com
mon to our section except consumption
were found. And also filth.
In making the slides Petri plates
with a breeding medium of bouillon
and gelatine were infected with coins
obtained indiscriminately. The infec
tions were ; brought about simply by
laying the coins on the plates for a few
minutes. The plates were then placed
in an incubator for forty-eight hours.
At this time the smooth brown surface
of the gelatine where the coin had lain
had become covered with tiny specks
and large spots of a mold-like growth.
These were colonies of different kinds
of microbes. Possibly only one of each
kind had been obtained from the coin
that lay on the gelatine, but these had
multiplied to thousands under condi
tions similar to the tissue of the living
human body.
These colonies of microbes were then
picked up on the point of a piece of
platinum wire and spread over micro
scopic slides. The thin coatings de
competition among the members of so
ciety for the possession not of mere
land or space but of these in conjunc
tion with artificial and social opportu
nities arising from the nearness of so
ciety which gives rise to rent and land
values, and these must be paid for like
all other values at prices regulated ul
timately by protection and immediately
by competition.
What the land reformers of this
school want is not natural opportuni
ties at all. They want artificial oppor
tunities — i. c., locations and relations of
nearness to exchange production and
the general movement of society with
out paying for them the price which
competitors are willing to pay. This is
not a reform of crime, but is giving to
the essence of crime, which is getting
values gratis, a new name — viz., land
reform. The old name is crime. Land
reform is the scientific theory of hav
ing without paying, of which all crime
is the "business end."
There is much American testimony,
but I confine myself in this paper to
the testimony of those who have not
the interest of hobbyists or partisans,
and who are familiar with the working
of both systems.
Finally, criminals will exert a better
influence among the native populations
of the Philippines than many other
classes of our population, because they
are more nearly on a level with the
Filipinos themselves. They would be
more democratic with them and more
popular than our clergymen, capitalists
or merchants, and would be Immediate
ly understood by them.
The vices of our criminals are mainly
the habits, customs and even the vir
tues of savage life. A part of the dif
ference between clvilizat4on and savage
life lies In the absence of capital In the
latter, but another and larger part lies
in the hostility to capital. In both re
spects our criminals think, feel and act
with the barbarians.
The prime need of two populations,
if both are to be saved, is that they
shall intermarry, or at least hold fam
ily relations with each other. In the
higher class of Americans there Is great
pride. We have wholly failed because
of this to save the savage races whom
we have driven westward before us in
our march over the continent; we
would not Intermarry with them, make
them citizens or divide with them, ex
cept to take the turkey and leave them
the crow. When the whites began to
settle the country there were, by esti
mate, 3,000,000 of natives. They are
now reduced to 200,000, and In the cen
turies that have intervened the Indians
have neither voted nor held the small
est office. The French In Canada, the
Spanish In Central and South America
and the Portuguese in Brazil have all
done better than the Anglo-Saxon in
saving the Indian races.
posited were then stained with differ
ent dyes and examined under a micro-
scope.
Three slides were made from the cul
tures of a $20 gold piece. The coin was
a new one of 1898 and was as bright and
polished as any coin in circulation.
The most noticeable feature of these
slides was the enormous amount of the
germs of decaying meat and fish. They
fairly reeked with them. These mi
crobes are not exactly a deadly poison,
but should they get into cut the chances
are that the victim's blood would be
sadly disarranged, if not dangerously
contaminated.
How these microbes came on the coin
is not an easy matter to answer, but
most likely they came from the hands
of some butcher or possibly the hands
of a restaurant waiter. They may have
been harmhess at one time, but cer
tainly developed strongly toxic quali
ties by the time they were examined
under the microscope.
The germs of Colli communaris were
also very thick on this coin. These are
the tiny filthy microbes that spring in
to being in horse refuse. Should they
get into the human blood they will
cause fevers and blood poisoning and
other derangements likely to lead to
some deadly disease. They are very
dangerous to health, to say nothing of
their disgusting qualities.
A few germs of lockjaw were also
found, as well as different microbes not
possible to identify under the circum
stances. Although the coin was a new
one, it is readily apparent that it was
loaded with elements dangerous to the
public health.
Five dollar and $10 gold pieces re
vealed about the same microbes as the
S2O gold piece. It was found upon an
examination that the gold coins were
not nearly so badly infected with germs
as the silver coins. But they were bad
enough. It vould be the work of
months to find all of the germs on a
coin.
Tn these Investigations it was only
possible to examine those germs that
SHELL WE KEEP THE PHILIPPINES?
Dewey's victory has changed our at
titude before the world. • We took no
part in international questions. We
had no standing in the councils of the
nations. We were a quantite neglige
able. So far did the idea that we ought
to take no part in foreign questions ex
tend, that some of my colleagues at
Peking, when I undertook to make
peace for China and Japan, deprecated
any intervention whatever of the
United States lii the affairs of the Far
East!
The position of absolute indifference
to what is happening in the world is
difficult of maintenance ; and when it is
maintained it is humiliating.
I recognize the existence of a na
tional sentiment, in^accordance with
the supposed teachings of Washing
ton's farewell address, which is
against the acquisition of foreign ter
ritory; but the world has moved, and
circumstances are changed. We have
become a great people. We have a
great commerce to take care of. We
have to compete with the commercial
nations of the world in far distant
markets. Commerce, not politics, is
king. The manufacturer and the
merchant dictate to diplomacy, and
control elections. The ait of arts is
the extension of commercial relations —
in plain language, the selling of native
products and manufactured goods.
I learned what I know of diplomacy
In a severe school. I found among my
colleagues not the least hesitation in
proposing to their respective govern
ments to do anything which was sup
posed to be conducive to their inter
ests. There can be no other rule for
the government of all persons wh.o are
charged with the conduct of affairs
than the promotion of the welfare of
their respective countries. If it be as
certained or believed that the acquisi
tion of the Philippines would be of ad
vantage to this country, then mere
sentiment must give way to actual
benefit.
It is well known that prophecies of
evil have preceded every acquisition
we ever made, from the Louisiana pur
chase to that of Alaska, and, Judging
by the results of the various annexa
tions, these prophecies have been mis
leading.
There is no reason whatever why we
cannot administer the Philippines in a
manner satisfactory to their people as
well as to ourselves. We have recent
ly annexed the Hawaiian Islands They
IN order to ascertain just what germs and mater.al are carried about by coins in
general circu.ation The Sunday Cai' X** had a number of gold and silver coins
carefully examined and the germ c ture oiaced under the microscope by emi
nent specialists Ihe results are astcui dinjj.
Germs of nearly ail the diseases common to this section of the country were
found except those of consumption. What strange foreign matter was aiso found
is told in the accompanying article.
GUSTAV EISEN.
existed plentifully and to incidentally
isolate those not so numerous.
The Petri plate of the silver $1 piece
of 1874, after forty-eight hours in the
incubator, was almost concealed from
view, so plentiful were the colonies of
microbes.
As on the $20 gold piece, the silver
dollar was covered with the germs of
decaying meat. They were found on
nearly every part of the coin and in
the greatest abundance. One side was
so thick with them that they looked
like a piece of flesh tissue. Yeast
plants Bhowed up in abundance.
The most startling microbes found on
this coin were the germ of typhoid
fever. There was only one little group
of them, but they would be enough to
start an epidemic vif they were given
the proper opportunity. Only one
was obtained direct from the coin, but
in proper contact it would have multi
plied itself into a dozen inside of forty
eight hours.
On this coin was also found a group
of blood cells. Whether they were hu»
man or not it was impossible to ascer
tain, as the cell structures were badly
broken through the coin being- handled.
The size, however, seemed to indicate
that they were from a human being.
Perhaps the coin may at one time have
been handled by some one with a cut
finger. It is not a pleasant thing to
contemplate, though, when you con
sider that you may be carrying around
even so small a portion of your neigh
bor's blood. This blood on the coin
would also serve as an admirable
.breeding ground for any microbe that
came in contact with it.
Colli communaris showed up In seve
ral portions of the silver dollar. A few
perms of lockjaw were found, as well
as other microbes- not possible "to iden
tify. Such a coin could not fail to
prove extremely dangerous to any
thoughtless person who mi.ght put it in
his mouth*-
A 50-cent piece, as well as bping ex
amined by cultures on a Petri plate,
was also examined by being scraped.
"CERTAINLY,"
Says Charles Denby, ex-Mii)ister to Cl^ina.
lie at what are called the "cross roads
of the North Pacific." They are near
the center of the great lines of com
merce from the Bast to the West.
There is little dissent from the policy
of their annexation. It is not imagined
that their peaceful people will require
a great army to control them. If it
could be ascertained to-day that no
army would be necessary, or that a
small body of troops at most would be
sufficient, to safeguard the Philippines,
opposition to their annexation would
be greatly diminished. It is simply the
dread of a large standing army that
causes the body of the people who op
pose annexation to withhold their ap
proval. I do not believe that a large
army will be necessary in the Philip
pines; and I am sure that, imitating the
policy of England in East India, native
troops would serve all purposes.
We have the right as conquerors to
hold the Philippines. We have the
right to hold them as part payment of
a war indemnity. This policy may be
characterized as unjust to Spain, but
it is the result of the fortunes of war.
All nations recognize that the con
queror may dictate the terms of peace.
The first answer I received to a tele
gram sent «by me, asking on the part
of China that, peace negotiations should
be commenced, and offering to con
cede the independence of Korea and to
pay a reasonable war indemnity, was:
"Japan is willing to enter on peace ne
gotiations, but she will dictate the
terms."
I am in favor of holding the Philip
pines, because I cannot conceive of any
alternative to our doing so, except the
seizure of territory in China; and I pre
fer to hold them rather than to oppress
further the helpless Government and
people of China. I want China to
preserve her autonomy, to become
great and prosperous; and I want these
results not for the interests of China,
but for our interests. I am not the
agent or attorney of China; and, as an
American, I do not look to the promo
tion or China's interests, or Spain's, or
any other country's — but simply of our
own.
The whole world sees In China a
splendid market for our native prod
ucts — our timber, our locomotives, our
rails, our coal oil, our sheetings, our
mining: plants and numberless other ar
ticles. We are closer to her than any
other commercial country except
Japan. There Is before us a boundless
future, which will make the Pacific
The tiny particle of black dirt scraped
out of the crevices, when examined un
der the microscope, proved to be filth.
In one crevice was found the leg of a
tiny insect. There was also a piece .of
badly decayed hair and any amount of
stomach bacteria, plainly indicating
that somebody had at one time placed
the coin in his mouth. There was a
piece of vegetable fiber, probably to
bacco; a small piece of meat, a few
blood corpuscles as on the $1 silver
piece. Other filth was found, as well as
the microbes of colli communaris, lock
jaw, typhoid, decaying meat, etc., a
deadly combination. This coin was
carefully soaked in corrosive sub
limate before being sent out for duty
again among the people.
An examination of the smaller coins
revealed about the same microbes as
were found on the others. A 25-cent
piece showed up with a tiny colony of
cheese mold of its own in addition to
a nest of other dangerous germs.
Cheese mold is not particularly dan
gerous, but it is not pleasant to think
of where it might have come from.
A 10-cent piece was nearly all de
cayed meat germs, the commonest mi
crobes found on any of the coins.
The 5-cent piece examined was the
most dangerous of all the coins, for on
it was found a germ that was either
diphtheria or leprosy. Under the cir
cumstances no microscopist could make
a positive statement as to the true
identity of the microbe, as the two are
very much alike and become visible
with the same stains. However, the
chances are that it was diphtheria, and
that it was lying in wait for the throat
of the little one who should -Hit it into
its mouth. This coin was a most filthy
object, fairly reeking with dangerous
germs.
To kill these germs and clean them of
filth is an easy matter. Put your coins
into a wash basin and pour a kettle of
boiling water over them. Leave them
five minutes and there wilj not be a
microbe living to tell the tale. If
everybody would make a practice of do
ing this every night with the money in
their possession there would be little
danger of deadly diseases being com
municated by the germs on coins In
general circulation.
Guy U. Lee. a student in one of Wis
consin's universities, has started' in a ca
noe from Madison, Wis., to Brazil. He
crossed Lake Monnna, and followed the
Tahara River south to the Rock River,
through which he will pass to the Miss
issippi thence to New Orleans and across
the Gulf of Mexico and the Caribbean
Sea. The rest of the trip lies along the
South Atlantic coast to Rio de Janeiro.
more important to us than the Atlan
tic. San Francisco, Seattle and Ta
coma are in their infancy. They are
destined to rival New York, Chicago
and Philadelphia.
If we give up the Philippines we
throw away the splendid opportunity
to assert our influence in the Far East.
We do this deliberately, and the world
will laugh at us. Why did we take* M
anila? Why did we send 20,000 troops to
Luzon? Did we do so to emulate the
French Kins who marched his men up
the hill and down again? There was
no purpose in the conquest of Manila
unless we intended to hold it.
The Philippines are a foothold for
us in the Far East. Their possession
gives us standing and influence. It
gives us also valuable trade both in
exports and imports.
Should we surrender the Philippines
what will become of them? Will Spain
ever conquer the insurgents, and,
should she do so, will she retain the
Islands? To her they will be value
less, and if she sells them to any con
tinental power she will, by that act,
light the torches of war.
It is perfectly certain, I think, that
England will not stand by and see any
other European power take the Philip
pines. They are on the line to Aus
tralia and India. England has stood
by and seen Germany, Russia :nd
France seize portions of China. There
is not an Englishman nor an American
in the Far East who approves her
policy. The taking of the Philippines by
any European power other than Eng
land would create an explosion in the
latter country, and, if unresisted,
would lead to the destruction of the
Ministry, and, perhaps, the throne. By
holding the Philippines we avert the
partition of China, and we postpone at
least a general European war.
There is, perhaps, no such thing as
manifest destiny; but there is an evi
dent fitness in the happening of events,
and a logical result of human action.
Dewey's victory is an epoch in the
affairs of the Far East. We hold our
heads higher. We are coming to our
own. We are stretching out our hands
for what nature meant should be ours.
We are taking our proper rank among
the nations of the world. We are after
markets, the greatest markets now ex
isting in the world. Along with these
markets will gO'Our beneficent institu
tions; and humanity will bless us.
CHARLES DENBY, in The Forum.
1920
THE world is having a gasp
over the news that a Vanderbilt
is going to wed poverty. Miss
Emily Vanderbilt Floane is about
to marry Mr. John H. Ham
mond. The rich young woman and the
poor young man met by chance while
doing missionary work in the slums of
New York. Interest in their common
work led to an interest in each other.
Miss Emily is a granddaughter of Wil
liam EL Vanderbilt and a great grand
daughter of Commodore Vanderbilt.
Her mother was Miss Emily Vanderbiit
before she married William Douglas
Sloane, the multi-millionaire carpet
manufacturer. So Miss Emily's birth
right of millions descends not alone
from generations of million-getting
Vanderbilts, but from the Sloanes as
well, who are also celebrated for a
Midas-like talent and heredity.
Miss Emily's fortune is at present $5,
000,000 with more to come.
Mr. Hammond is a Yale graduate
"who enjoys a small law practice and
lives in a little bachelor apartmc-nt.
He is said to dress fairly well and to
dine regularly, but he is not a man of
independent means. He has no per
sonal acquaintance with rent rolls and
government bonds. Under the circum
stances hf is pr-nsationally poor.
But Miss Emily Vanderbilt Sloane will
marry him just the same and build and
furnish a modest little dwelling on the
avenue for them to live in that will cost
just an even million, exclusive of the
family china, and for quite a while the
•world will take great interest in them
and speak admiringly of the alliance
as a love match. There is only one
class that thinks more about millions
and matrimony than the rich — and that
Is the poor.
While 400 intimates will marvel nl
Miss Emily's choice, 4,000,000 outsiders
■will employ their surprise and applause.
Miss Emily Vanderbilt Bloane is
really doing something for the honor
and ambition of her country. She is
nobly establishing a precedent. Xo
American boy can be born so poor that
he can't console himself with the
thought that some day he may grow up
and marry a Vanderbilt, and Miss
Emily does this at the sacrifice of all
family policy and tradition.
She has constantly before her the ex
ample of the millions of her own family
beinfc joirud in wedlock to the miiiions
of other families.
Miss Flcence Adele Sloane, h<*r ss
ter, wedded J. Abercrombie Burden,
and with .i.m a great share of the sre:it
Burden millions of Troy.
GerTruu^ Vanderbilt, her cousin
married Harry Payne Whitney, son of
ex-f^oretary William C. Whitney, and
the fortune of that family is enormous
Alice \tindtrbilt Shepard, her Cf-ur-in
married David Hennen Morris. Thi re
was an elopement, it la true, which
O UR SOLDIERS are DEADL SICK in Hawaii: HERE'S THE REASON.
HONOLULU, Nov. 7.—" it r sa id
Colonel Barber to Mr. W. O. Smith, president of
the Board of Health, who was inspecting Camp
Otis and Camp McKinley, and his remarks have
been officially reported to Washington.
The army has not been accepted by Honolulu as an un
alloyed blessing. For years the navy has been cherished.
and no cloud has ever risen to dim Hawaii's aloha for the
sailor. But the soldier seems to be a different proposition.
And yet in no place have officer and man had a more cordial
reception or such generous hospitality shown them. Hawaii
opened her amis and her purse to the transports and troops,
and the navy sighed and said, "Ah, we have a rival!"
But gradually it became apparent that there was friction
somewhere, and now it is painfully evident that relations are
strained between Hawaii and the military authorities
The army's attitude has been patronizing, also overbear
ing. "We have annexed you, poor little thing, and we
promise to protect you. Where is your most desirable spot?
Show it to us that we may make ourselves as comfortable as
possible away from our luxurious home?."
And Hawaii was at first generous, then indulgent, and at
last incensed.
K^piolani Park at Waikiki. the pride of Honolulu, with
its smooth roads and beautiful drives, was given over to .1000
soldiers. There they stationed their camps, and Kapiolani
Park is now, in very truth, humbled to the dust.
Her roads are cut up until they are uneven and rough
and bear no resemblance to their former even perfection;
clouds of dust blow through on every breeze: breezes that
usei] to he balmy with the rich scent "of flourishing tropical
growth. The racetrack is a ruin that it will. take thousands
.
stirred society, and the elopement
marked the love match of a Vanderollt.
But it also marked a love match not
only of love but of many millions
Edith Shepard, another cousin with
the blood of the Vanderbllts in her
veins, married Ernest Fabbri, son of
one of the rich old-time banking mer
chants of New York.
Louise Shepard, the first of William
H. Vanderbilt's grandchildren to
get married, became the wife of Wil
liam Jay Schieflfelin, with a very com
fortable fortune mad| in the wholesale
drug business.
Cornelius Vanderbilt Jr., scorned as
he was by his father for his choice,
married Miss Grace Wilson, daughter
of K. T. Wilson, the Southern multi
millionaire.
Alfred Vanderbilt is reported engaged
to the young daughter of Mrs. Francis
Ormond French, and with her he will
wed at least five millions.
Thus all the Vanderbilts of her gen
eration are adding wealth to wealth by
th^-ir marriages. Her mother set the
fashion of uniting millions with mil
lions by manage. Wealth attracts
wealth, and by their marriages the
eons and daughters of multi-million
aires are conserving and increasing
wealth as children enlarge a snowball
to giant size by rolling it over and over
in the enow. Emily Vanderbilt Sloane
is the first to defy the unwritten law
of millions:
"Thou shalt marry none other than
millionaires."
This Miss Sloane, like Queen Wll
helmina, has said that she would marry
for love, and now, as has happened to
Holland's lovely young Queen, the man
of her choice has come into his own.
Miss Sloane is of Dutch descent, and it
is fitting that her experience should be
like that of the young Queen, to whom
some of her far-away relatives still owe
allegiance.
MiFS Sloane is not a typical girl of the
"400." Nor is she a typical Vanderbilt.
Unlike the "400." she has but a languid
interest in the dance of pleasure. Un
like the Vanderbilts, she has no social
ambitions. Her mother, Mrs. William
Douglas Sloane, aspires to be queen of
the reigning Pet of American fashion.
The daughter dreams of a hearthstone;
she is indifferent whether it be gilded
or not if love be there.
Emily Vanderbilt Sloane is the m st
beautiful of the great-granddaughters
of the old ferryman who founded a
great house and a great fortune. Hhe
is of medium height and slender, with
serious dark eyes and biack hair. Her
forehead is broad and high and very
full. Her nose is aquiline. Her lips are
delicate and sensitive. She has a fine
throat ana" fine shoulders. She has a
rarely spiritual nature, says Dr. Greer,
her pastor, rector of St. Bartholomew s,
commonly known as the Vanderbilt
church, of which William D. Sloane and
his family are members and regular at
tendants. She has rare intellectual en
dowment, say her instructors in the
of dollars to repair and to put in order for the annual race
day, June ii. And to add to the general havoc and ruin,
disease has now appeared in the camps to menace the resi
dents of Waikiki, and in fact the whole country.
And what gratitude have the army shown for the beautiful
site so generously given over to them, for the hospitality
known only to Hawaii's lavish shores? What regret have the
army expressed for the damage wrought? They have gra
ciously condescended to accept, and that which was not of
fered they demanded.
"We desire to station some of our men in the Govern
ment Building," said General Merriam, General King and
Colonel Barber, loftily. And the Government stared at the
proposed appropriation of the former palace, which meant
the disturbance of the highest officials of the land.
'"And where would you suggest moving our offices?"
they asked, somewhat sarcastically.
"Oh, you can go into the tents," answered these regulars
of high rank, with a display of tact and thoughtfulness away
beyond the possibility of any volunteer.
But, though complaisant to the point of simulating the
worm, the Hawaiian Government knows when to turn. And
the palace is still theirs.
The next modest request came from General King in the
form of a demand on the Park Commission to have a small
pool, or more properly speaking a large puddle, of water
drained from Camp Otis, which is situated in the race
track.
General King's attention was politely called to the fact
that considering the damage done by his camp to the race
track, it might be as well to have such work done by his own
men, who have plenty of leisure time, judging by the hours
they are unoccupied between early morning drill and dress
parade at 3 o. m.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1898.
finishing schools of fashion.
Mr. Hammond is a graduate of Phil
lips Academy at Exeter and of the Yale
class of '92 and Columbia Law College.
He is a member of the law firm of
Shepard & Ogden of Broadway.
Mr. Hammond Is 31 years of age. He,
like his fiancee, is not a devotee of so
ciety. Like her, he is of studious tasi.es,
with a strong bent toward altruism. He
is a member of but one clvb — that of St.
Antho-ny.
Mr. Hammond is a fine-looking man
of a type Just opposite to that of his
fiancee. He is fair, with blond hair and
a light mustache. He might, perhaps,
be better described this way— like the
father of John Halifax, he is a gentle
man and a scholar. His character is
said to be above reproach. His lineage
Is most honorable, but there are two
incontrovertible facts — he is poor, and
he is not of the "400." Yet he is the
man of Miss Sloane's choice, and she
says she can afford to marry whom
soever she will.
Both Miss Sloane and Mr. Hammond
are given to altruistic ideals and have
been identified with the splendid work
accomplished by the College Settlement
in Rivington street.
Indeed, it was there the young per
sons are said to have first met. It is
peculiarly fitting that the strongest at
traction of her life should have come
to Miss Emily Sloane in the Rivington-
Btreet settlement, for there she has been
a bright angel of hope and consolation
to her less fortunate sisters, who have
been warmed and encouraged by the
radiance of her bright spirit and by
contact with a beautiful life founded
on a definite and uplifting purpose.
Perhaps nowhere in New York can
there be found a young woman who has
tried more gently, more humbly, more
persistently and effectively to make
the world better and happier than this
favored daughter of wealth, luxury and
fashion.
Miss Sloane, it must be understood,
is in no sense a recluse, nor is she the
typical religious enthusiast. On the
contrary, she is a bright, gay, happy
and pretty girl of perhaps three and
twenty.
In appearance she resembles the Van
derbilt side of the house. She is tall,
glender, dark-eyed and dark-haired, full
of mirth and innocent gayety. She loves
to dance and enjoys all the diversions
of youth and buoyant health, but is
possessed of the deepest spirit of true
religion and of that philanthropy which
is evidenced in noble deeds.
Several years ago Miss Sloane wrote
a little book which she called "Rays of
Sunshine," and which was, as she says,
intended as a year book.
In the preface Miss Sloane says:
"While in Scotland last summer the
idea suddenly came to me of writing a
year book. These daily thoughts do
not in the least aim at any literary
less that we should fix our gaze on the
bright outlook beyond. This faith In the
ONE OF THE RICHEST HEIRESSES IN AMERICA
To Marry a Poor Lawyer.
merit; the style is, for the most part,
conversational and very informal. If
a word here and there brings comfort
or encouragement to some wayfarer on
life's Journey, my object in writing will
have been accomplished."
The book contains a text for every
day of the year, and to each Miss
Sloane has added a few words of re
flection, counsel and encouragement.
To the average man and woman it
would seem that a daughter of a hun
dred millions could scarcely understand
the meaning of shadows, but the sweet
altruist disproves such a suggestion in
her own simple words:
JAX. 3.
XTntll the day break, and the shadows flee
away.- Song of Sol., 11., 1%
"It is when the skies are dark and star-
THCEAVT SIDE MISSION IN WHICH M 155 3LCANE AMDmRHAMmoKo
future will keep us from despairing and
give us strength to live bravely through
the dreary days that must suiil inter
vene."
January 9 the author uncoimcnusly re
veals her high ideal of a perfect love:
JAN. 9.
There U no fear in love; but perfect love
oasteth out fear. • • • He that feareth is not
made perfect in love.— l. John, iv., IS.
"If our hearts are full to overflowing
with a great love, there will be no room
for baa and unworthy thouKhts. Evil
cannot exist in the presence of good, be
cause one is weak and negativo, whereas
the other is strong and positive."
And a few days later she gives proof of
a sense of personal responsibility most
rare:
Besides the volume entitled "Kays of
General King magnanimously allowed the matter to
drop.
At last Honolulu began to awaken to the fact that al
though they had not been forgetful 01 entertaining strangers,
they had not been rewarded by discovering them angels.
And then typhoid fever, which the officers began by declar
ing malaria, developed at the camps.
The residents of Honolulu could not understand why
malaria should have appeared in a country hitherto entirely
free from any "pilikia" — the native word for any form of
sickness or trouble — a country that has earned the title of
"The world's sanitarium."
And still less could they understand malaria violent
enough to kill in a few days, although the mistakes of the
military authorities have not been alone in defective sanitary
arrangements at the camps.
In selecting their hospital site they must have been
searching for a hotbed for breeding germs of typhoid and
malaria, after once introducing it.
And they could not have succeeded better. On one side
there are pigsties, on the other a mule pasture; at the back
are rice fields flourishing in their watery beds.
To add to these questionable advantages this military
hospital is three feet '>elowthe level of the street. Durinc
the winter months, when rains are frequent, water collects
in pools all over the place. If the selection of this site were
not pathetic it would be laughable.
And who is to blame?
In response to a verbal request from Major Davis, the
surgeon in charge at the military hospital. Mr. Reynolds,
agent of the Health Office, went down to examine into the
sanitary regulations of the camps and to aid in cleansing the
sinks, etc.
But his services were declined and declared unnecessary.
JAN. 12.
Pray God, If perhaps the thought of thine
heart may be forgiven thee. — Acts, viii., 22.
"If we did but realize that we were re
sponsible for our thoughts as well as for
our actions we would be far more careful
in holding them in check. If they pet
beyond our control it is impossible to tell
what mischief they will work."
The gentle philanthropist is seen In
many of the texts, notably for
FEB. 13.
Give and it shall be given unto you; good
measure, pressed down, and shaken together,
and running over, shall men give unto your
liosom.— St. Luke, vl., 88.
"It is the generous giving out of love
which helps us even more than the re
ceiving of it. Do not think because your
love it? not reciprocated that it is wasted.
AH true love is of God, and it is never
sent forth in vain."
Sunshine" Miss Sloane has published
a volume called "Ideals," which is a
compilation from various authors, and
displays a comprehensive asquaintance
with literature.
Tho most Interesting selections in
this little book are naturally, at this
time, those referring: to the sacredness
and duties of marriage.
The simplicity and sweetness of this
fashionable girl who will bring millions
to her husband is perhaps better shown
In the quotation from Lowell, which
finds an early place in the dainty little
book of "ideals."
Yet sees she not her soul so steadily
Above, that Bhe forgets her ties to earth,
Whether she will care much about that
although Colonel Barber had been warned as to the serious
aspect of affairs.
The next day one of the doctors on the Board of Health
called upon ex-Minister Harold M. Sewall and requested
him, as agent of the United States, to have the condition of
the camps looked into before the health of the city was
jeopardized.
Then Mr. Sewall held a conference with Colonel Barber,
who finally gave permission to the health officers to visit
his camp. An orderly visited the Board of Health with
Colonel Barber's condescending invitation — verbally ex
pressed, and Mr. W. O. Smith, president of the board, sent
the orderly back with compliments and a refusal to accept
any verbal invitation.
Thirteen cases of typhoid fever one day and seventeen
on the following morning had given both Mr. Sewall and
Colonel Barber an electric shook, and the Board of Health
promptly received a formal request to come to the rescue.
At the same time a propitiatory letter was received by
the Board of Health from General King in which he politely
begged their assistance in disinfecting his camps, and as
sured them of hearty co-operation from officer and man.
Armed with thi> letter, Mr. \V O. Smith, accompanied
by Brigade Surgeon Morris, went out to the camps.
Colonel -iarhcr's manner was at first quiet and gentle
manly, but when Mr. Smith presented to him General King's
letter there was a subtle change; he became Drusque and
rude, and finally, at a simple remark from Mr. Smith about
the kind of earth preferable for filling the sinks, he burst out
into a tempest of wrath and made remarks which are beyond
the reach of repartee — excepting in kind.
General King was most indignant when he heard of the
treatment shown by Colonel Barber to the president of the
Board of Health. "I want an official statement of this." he
Miss Emily Vanderbilt Sloane met Mr John Hammond whiile
both were engaged doing missionary work in the siuros orJNew
York- She is connected with the richest families of America, he «s
a graduate of Yale and a struggling young lawyer of small practice
Their engagement Is just announced.
But her whole thought would almost seem
to be
How to make glad one lowly human
hearth—
For with a gentle courage she doth strive
In thought and word and feeling so to
live,
As to make earth next heaven!
And this from Lucy Larcom:
Their real power, the divine dowry of
womanhood, is that of receiving ;tnd giv
ing inspiration. In this a girl often sur
passes her brother; and it is for her to
hold firmly and faithfully to fur holiost
Instincts, so that when he lets his stand
ards droop she may. through her spiritual
strength, be a standard-bearer for him.
Of Miss Sloane's personal definition
of "Ideals" her own words in the pre
face best tell:
"Seldom has a subject been oftener dis
cussed than that of Ideals, and no wonder,
ac it is vast and boundless; for no sooner
Is one ideal achieved than another comes
to light. The views expressed are apt to
be extreme — either too visionary ana im
practical or else too pessimistic and in
credulous. The happy medium is always
hard to reach, but here it is almost harder
than anywhere else.
"My aim in selecting the follow
ing- quotations has been to com
bine and harmonize, as far as possible,
these conflicting ideas, and to show that
the holding of ideals does not necessarily
prove that one must be blind to existing
evils. The man who has an end in view,
and that end a good one. will generally
see life in its true relations and recognize
the fact that, although there is much evil
in the world, the light is still working its
way through all the apparent wrong. It
is true that there are times when evil
seems to be gaining the upper hand, but
If you look long enough you will gradually
see the scales change and the good out
balance the bad."
• • •
I MERICAN plutocracy, the chief
j\ substitute in this country of Old
LA World aristocracy, had hardly
1 X. begun to establish itself when
what may with no great stretch
be termed morganatic marriages began
to shock the plutocrats, especially the
three greatest families in the land,
Astor, Vanderbilt and Gould.
In one case the marriage took place
two years or more ago, and the father
of the bridegroom, moved by a grand
father's love, has just granted for
giveness. In another the marriage has
Just taken place, and the bridegroom's
family is not yet understood to be
reconciled, but the expected slicing of
the bridegroom's forUine in two be
cause of his marriage is almost certain
not to happen. These cases strongly
suggest a similar and earlier marriage,
in which the bridegroom was of an
older plutocratic family — one of such
ancient standing, in fact, as to entitle
it now to be termed the leading family
of the land in the social circles of plu
tocracy.
It is hardly likely, however, that the
bride in the latest marriage of this va
riety, Kathrine Clemmons, who was
married to Howard Gould, will suffer
much effacement. That she will have
to endure a fine lot of snubbing is
highly probable, for her husband's fam
ily seems determined to ignore her.
Is a question. Probably not, since,
while they may refuse to take her into
their social set. she can console herself
by the reflection that they in turn are
barred out of New York's most ex
clusive society circles. Their great
coup, the marriage of Anna Gould with
the Gallic Count Castellane, has failed
utterly in bringing recognition from
the mighty houses of Aster and Van
derbilt. or the lesser families known as
the Four Hundred that bask in the
sunshine of Astorbilt favor.
Equally inefficacious was the famous
season of yachting in British waters.
It brought certain courtesies and recog
nitions from Albert Edward and his
set, y' know, but it never budged the
obdurate Four Hundred, and to-day the
George Goulds are as t»r trom thv\a
side of New York s-H-iety's chain.cd
and charming fold as ever they v .ere.
Still, Gould t-xciupivtness «» as ten
able a notion as that of any " t her set.
and. barring their comparative new
ness, the millions gathered by the^l*
ard of Wall street seem as fitting a
foundation whereon to rear a structuie
of faml y and pride as those beyueatne I
by the Waldorfian dealer in furs and
pianos, or the profane old f«rry cap
tain, whose wife used to cook the meais
on bis Elizabethport boat.
It isn't easy to predict the outcome
of the marriage between Howard Gould
and Kathrine Clemmons. The Gould
family may in time forgive everything.
and then atraln they may not. At this
time, according to a friend of the fam
ily, there is virtually no likelihood that
his fortune will be disturbed. But for
giveness of Howard and recognition of
the stately young bride are different.
There is no doubt that all the Goulds
were opposed to the marriage, and that
they threatened enforcement of the will
in case their opposition was ignored.
But the friend of the family quoted
above says Ihere never was any real
notion of enforcing it in case the mar
riage actually took place. Every one
of the Gould children has money
enough without dividing up half of
Howard's share, and, besides, they are
all sensitive about the publicity that
■would arise from the legal steps the
division would make necessary. More
over, there is small probability that the
Avill would stand in law, and the Goulds
all know it, too.
This explanation of the present situ
ation has been partially hinted in print
before, and the writer has been assured
that it is a correct one. Anyway, ac
tion for enforcement would seem to be
specially ungracious on the part of
those most likely to move in the prem
ises, Mr. and Mrs. George Gould, for
the simple reason, if for no other, that
they were the instruments through
whfoh Howard became acquainted with
Kathrine.
That was in 1894, or possibly 1895.
Kathrine Clemmons had tried and
failed to win success on the stage as
the star in "A Lady of Venice." Mau
rice Barrymore, the late E. J. Henley
and a lot of other good actors had done
their best as members of the support
ing company, and Buffalo Bill Cody
had dropped some tens of thousands of
dollars as her angel.
After her failure she rested for a
while in New York. A little later Cody
started his Wild West show at Ambrose
Park, in Brooklyn, and placed his pri
vate box at Miss Clemmons' disposal.
All through the performance he played
to that box, and this attracted general
attention to its lovely occupant. The
occupants of another box at the end of
the row gazed so steadily at Miss Clem
mons that she asked some friends in
the box with her who they were.
"George Gould and his wife, Edith
Kingdon." was the reply. "He's a great
friend of Colonel Cody."
After the performance Miss Clem
mons and her friends went to Colonel
Cody's tent. There they met Mr. and
Mrs. Gould. In the following talk it fell
out that Miss Clemmons shortly waa
going to England. So were the Goulds,
and so was brother Howard. How love
ly! Possibly Miss Clemmons would like
to go on the same ship. She would, and
she did.
• On the way over she saw Howard
much. He had hardly recovered from
his attachment to Odette Tvler, but he
took a heap of notice before the other
side was- reached. His engagement to
the young woman was soon after an
nounced. The unalterable opposition of
the Goulds to the marriage was de
clared at once, and the contest over
stately Kathrine has been going on
ever since.
said with Infinite dignity; ami he got it.
Now, it is apparent to those who read
between the lines that this v.hole affair
between the military and the Board of
Health is simply a question of Barber
vs. King. These two men, both "West
Point graduates, both retired regulars
in peace and volunteers in war, have
no other points in common.
Colonel Barber came here with every
expectation of being in command of
the garrison in Honolulu.
]?ut General King, instead of going
to Manila, was sidetracked here, and
Colonel Barber found himself, to his
bitter disappointment, in a secondary
position.
General King is loved by a few. So
cially Colonel Barber is the greater fa
vorite. Still popularity does not make
up for lack of rank, and General Kings
letter was the red flag that sent Col
onel Barber inlo the realms of rage. At
lease so say those who know of the re
gard in which these two men hold each
other, those who read in General Klnes
letter a hit in every line at Colonel
Barber beneath its smooth finish and
courteous phrasing. Also they know
that an Inoffensive remark made by the
mild-mannered W. O. Smith could not
be the cause of an outbreak of rage,
which resulted in ungemiemanly
swpanng and such threatening -ves
tures that Surgeon Morris felt the ne
cessity of interference.
JOHN STRANGE.GAVE HER SKIN TO SAVE HER MOTHER`S LIFE
Some Months Since One of San FUmdsco's Society Women Het With an Accident. The Physicians Required Proper Human Skin for Grafting Purposes, in Order to Successfully
Perform \r. T Operation. The Amount Was so Large That They Were In a Quandary Where to Get It. At This Juncture the Daughter Insisted in Having Her Own Skm Removed
to Save Her Mother.
MISS GRACE SHAIX is a he
roine."
This is what society is say
ing of her. The tone is not the
usual artificial one that ac
companies the gurgling of tea. When
society is in earnest its manner be
speaks thereof.
"Miss Grace was wonderfully calm
"DioK" MakJoa Ooe of His F'fty feet Jun)ps.
and courageous."
So say the white-capped nurses and
attendants, and they say it in the full
ness of their knowledge of such deeds.
"Miss Gracie was very brave; re
markably brave."
The doctor says it in the guarded,
conservative manner that carries con
viction with it.
"I have done nothing worth mention
ing," declares Miss Sham herself.
Yet she has had nineteen finger
lengths of skin removed and grafted
that another life might be saved.
■'Not worth mentioning," her friends
indignantly protest. "Ugh! You ought
to be given the cross of the Legion of
Honor."
"You must remember I did it for my
mother. Any one would do as much,"
protests Grace Sham.
• Well, skin can be bought, so for you
to give your own was heroic," and so
her friends try to convince Miss Sham
that she is a heroine despite her con
stant refusal to believe that she is en
titled to the honor.
Neither Miss Sham nor her mother
would discuss ihe matter. Miss Grace
politely but firmly refused.
"Mamma was very, very ill," was all
she would say, "and the doctors ex
cised and then grafted new skin on the
wounds. They wanted skin from some
one who was young and healthy. It
was perfectly natural that i should in
sist on their using mine. That is all
there is about it."
That is Miss Grace's point of view.
The doctor, nor yet the nurses, and
least of all her friends, take her stand
point. The doctors say that it was not
alone what Miss Sham did but her
manner of doing it that is worthy of
genuine admiration. Her friends are
proud of her bravery throughout the
operation, but prouder still that she al
lowed her own skin to be used at all.
Miss Sham is one of the most popular
girls in the younger set of society. She
is a very pretty girl with fearless,
clear-cut features and beautiful golden
brown hair. Her complexion rivals
the tints of the tea rose and it is con
ceded that she is ihe most graceful
dancer at fashionable gatherings. In
addition to these attractions she is the
happy possessor of a charming voice.
Miss Grace had always been ac
counted a care-free, happy girl, who
would not and could not take respon
sibilities. But when her mother be
came ill she took the worries on her
young shoulders and bore the burden
in a manner surprising to her most in
timate friends.
Four months ago it was necessary to
remove Mrs. Sham to a sanitarium.
Her limb was growing rapidly worse
and the doctors determined to resort
to the last device in their power. Near
ly two years ago she met with an ac
cident. One day her little boy was
about to fall out of his bed. In her
effort to catch him Mrs. Sham bruised
her leg.
For two months she suffered but
slight discomfort. Then a small red
lump appeared which gradually grew
larger, causing her such pain that she
wan unable to use her limbs.
The pain was so excruciating that for
over a year Mrs. Sham did not have
an undisturbed night's rest. The de
structive process was so excessive that
her life was despaired of, when Dr.
Hertzstein undertook to operate upon
the diseased tissue.
At the first operation tv.-o excisions
v.ere made. One wound closed natur
ally, but it was necessary to graft skin
and transplant it on the other. It was
decided that the grafting should be
done three weeks after the operation.
HERE'S A DOG THAT
DIVES FIFTY FEET
A DOG that makes a leap from a
height of fifty feet is the latest
In the way of trained animal
acts. This remarkable feat is
performed by Dink, one of Her
bert's troupe of trained dogs now at
ihe Orpheum. A little platform is ar
angfcd at the top of the ladder, to
. hich Dink mounts by climbing the
adder rung by rung. He mounts the
adder very daintily and cautiously,
r.d when once secure on the platform
ho looks down at the audience and
cvagfl his tail, as much as to say, "Now
-.vatch me." He then looks down at
his master, crouches into position and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1898.
But where should they get the proper
healthy skin for the operation?
Then it was that her daughter,
Miss Grace, came forward and
insisted that her skin should be used
for her mother's benefit. So for three
weeks she forswore excitement of any
kind. Calmly and bravely she took
the chloroform, and the doctors skill
fully removed the skin. Eight small
strips were taken from her, and as each
piece was removed it was transplanted
to Mrs. Sham's limb. The operation
lasted almost an hour. So much pro
fessional interest was manifested in the
extraordinary case that over a dozen
prominent physicians besides Dr.
Hertzstein were present.
Both mother and daughter stood the
operation remarkably well. Miss Grace,
aside from a little hysterical laughter
when she was recovering from the ef
fects of the chloroform, acted as
though nothing out of the ordinary rou
tine of her life had occurred.
After two or three days in bed she
was able to walk, although she limped
painfully at first. Her friends had
missed her presence, but many did not
know the cause of her absence from all
gayeties.
When it became generally known
that she had given her skin for the
grafting -she was overwhelmed with
tearful praises by those less courage
ous.
After a few weeks' interval a second
operation was necessary to excise the
remaining diseased tissue. The doc
tors all marveled at Mrs. Sham's pow
ers of endurance. Despite her weak
physical condition, she underwent both
operations with amazing fortitude and
rallied through sheer force of will
power.
This second excision left a space
about four by ten Inches to be covered
with skin. Three weeks after the ex
cision the second grafting was success
fully accomplished.
"I felt more nervous before the sec
ond one," Miss Grace told an Intimate
friend. "I dreaded taking the chloro
form. But whenever I felt my cour
age failing I would think how much
harder it was for mamma. The day
of the operation I was really fright
fully nervous until the last moment.
Then I made up my mind to take the
chloroform quietly. So I counted one,
two, three, inhaled, four, five, six, etc.,
mechanically, and fixed my thoughts
on space. My body seemed to be slip
ping away so gently, and I was mount
ing up, up into space. Then for two
SAW LINCOLN ASSASSINATED.
Extraordinary Experience of a Southern California flan Who Happened to Be
Present in the Theater When Actor Booth Shot the President.
ONTARIO, Cal., May 20, 1898.—
For thirty years Samuel A. Mor
ton has carried in a small enve
lope, securely kept in his pocket
book, a square bit of buff-colored
pasteboard, on which are these
words:
FORD'S,
Friday.
Balcony,
Row A.
Seat 16.
A. si-. ,iv A A /
It Is the coupon of the ticket, which
Mr. Morton used at Ford's Theater in
with less fuss than a dog would ordi
narily make in jumping from a chair to
the floor Dink makes his leap and
lands safely on the stage.
Mr. Herbert says it took him almost
one year to teach Dink to do this peril
ous trick, and he began by teaching him
first to jump from a platform arranged
on the ladder not more than ten feet
from the stage; then it was raised a
little higher, and so on until he had
reached a height of fifty feet.
Dink looks like a water spaniel, but
as a matter of fact he is a Russian
poodle, and is probably one of the most
valuable dogs in the world— that is,
considering his earning capacity.
"It was a remarkable sight," said one of the attendants. "Mother and daughter were in two adjoining
rooms. From where Mrs. Sham lay conscious she could see her daughter in the next room unconscious, the doctors
removing her skin- Of the two, Mrs. Sham suffered most. Miss Grace looked as though she were sleeping; h>er mother
looked as though) she were dead. Counting nurses, doctors and visiting physicians there must have been twenty
eight people In the two rooros."
hours I was unconscious."
During those two hours eleven finger
lengths of skin were removed and
placed upon her mother's wound.
"It was a remarkable sight," said
one of the attendants. "Mother and
daughter were in two adjoining rooms.
From where Mrs. Sham lay conscious
she could see her daughter in the next
room unconscious, the doctors remov
ing her skin. Of the two, Mrs. Sham
suffered most. Miss Grace looked as
though she was sleeping; her mother
looked as though she were dead. Count
ing nurses, doctors and visiting physi
cians there must have been twenty
eight people in the two rooms.
"As each piece of skin was removed
it was carried still warm on the knife
and piaced on Mrs. Sham. As soon as
the two doctors who were attending to
Mrs. Sham signaled that one piece was
properly placed, the next piece was
brought, and so on, until enough had
been removed to cover the entire
space."
"It was very sad." said a lady who
was present. "Just before the opera
tion Miss Grace stooped over, kissed
Washington the night President Lin
coln was murdered. He cherishes the
memento, and recalls the events of that
historical tragedy to-day in all the
freshness and vividness of yesterday.
He has lived in California twenty years.
He came west from Zanesville, 0.,
and lived in San Diego ten years, when
he moved to Los Angeles and then to
a beautiful orange grove In this local
ity.
"On the evening of the 14th of April,
1565," said Mr. Morton, "I was in Wash
ington. I had gone there from Zanes
ville to assist in getting the body of a
soldier cousin of mine through the lines,
so that we could bury it at the old
home. I had been in the city ten days,
and had watched the illumination and
celebration in Joy at the surrender at
Appomattox and the close of the war.
Early in the afternoon of the 14th,
Senator Roscoe Conkling, whom I had
known as a boy In Utica, N. V., told me
that he did not have the time to take
me to the White House to see 'Father
Abraham,' as we affectionately called
the President, but that he (Conkling)
believed the President and General
Grant would be together at Ford's
Theater that evening, and I could at
least go there and see the idol of the
loyal nation.
"When I went to buy a seat at the
theater, I told the ticket seller that I
wanted only to see the President at the
evening entertainment and to have the
satisfaction before I went home to
Ohio. He suggested that I take a seat
in the first row of the balcony, where
I could have an un bstructed view of
the box that had been set apart for the
President's use.
"It was a beautiful soft night for that
period of the year in that climate when
I went down town to the theater.
There was a big torchlight parade of
the naval marines on Pennsylvania
avenue, and everyone was happy at the
thought that at last the war was really
a thing of the past."
"I had no sooner taken my seat in
the balcony than the Presidential party
entered their box opposite and to the
left of me. There was a craning of
necks by the audience to see the Presi
dent. The draping of flags about the
front of the box showed where he was.
Mr. Lincoln seemed to be asking one
of the young men in military uniform
in his party to take the chair nearest
the front, but the latter declined, and
the President took It. It was an easy
chair and about four feet back from the
front of the box.
"I cou * see the President so clearly
that I could observe the heavy lines in
his face as he whispered to his com
panions and smiled during the play. I
never looked upon anyone so intently
as upon him, Jid the lights and shad
her mother and then walked into the
adjoining- operating room. Through
the open door and beyond the physi
cians and attendants she could see her
mother lying as still and quiet as
though in death.
" 'Good-by, mamma, dear,' she called
softly.
• 'Good-by, Grace, darling,' softly an
swered her mother.
" 'I am not at all frightened,' called
Miss Grace, just before they gave her
the chloroform. 'But, mamma, keep
your thoughts on me while I take the
chloroform and I know it will be eas
ier. Promise, dear.'
"'I promise,' softly repeated her
mother."
"So one slipped off into unconscious
ness and the other suffered the con
sciousness of her own and another's
pain.
"When it was all over and Miss Grace
had returned to consciousness she
called so piteously for her mother that
we could not refuse her request. In
stead of putting her in a separate room
we made up a cot for her in her
mother's room.
ows of the theater were just right to
give me a most excellent view. I no
ticed that the wit in the drama yleased
the Several times he turned
and said something to Mrs. Lincoln,
who wa.= apparently too absorbed in the
play to hear him. Between the acts the
President turned his chair and engaged
in conversation with the four or five
persons in the box. The moment the
curtain went up he would move his
chair slightly and settle back for more
of the plot.
"The third act of 'Our American Cou
sin' was well under way and the drama
was becomi-.g very interesting when,
at almost exactly 10 o'clock, the Presi
dent was assa: sinated.
"I happened to be lookin" straight at
him when the pistol shot rang out.
Booth had entered the box from the
rear, and going behind to the left of
the President shot him in the back of
the head. The shadows were such that
I could not see the act of shooting, but
I saw the flash. I saw the President's
head drop forward, but Booth's hop
ping over the box rail to the stage and
his theatrical display of a dagger di
verted my attention for a moment. I
was simply paralyzed for a few seconds
at the crime that had occurred before
my very eyes.
"There was an unspeakable silence
in the theater when the shot was fired.
William Hawk, the hero of the nlnv,
was on the stage alone, and was speak
ing some emotional sentiments. The
President and all his box were listen
ing with acute attention. Mrs. Lincoln
was leaning forward to catch every
word. Not even until Booth had half
limped off the stage, and had hoarsely
spoken his famous 'Sic semper tyran
nis,' did I realize that I had actually
seen the President shot. No one can
understand how quick and amazing it
all was.
"Mrs. Lincoln turned when the shot
was fired, and looked at her husband.
As his head sagged forward she caught
him as he was falling from the chair.
At the same moment that Booth went
off the stage I heard her scream in a
frightful key: 'He's shot pa! 1 At the
same time there were screams from the
other women in the box. I saw Mrs.
Lincoln holding the President's great
hairy and bewhiakered head close in
her lap, while the two men In the box
were hauling chairs aside, and making
space on the floor for the recumbent
body of Mr. Lincoln.
"The news of the assassination went
like electricity through Washington. I
happened to think that the news would
stagger my friend Senator (then Con
gressman) Conkling. So I ran pell mell
to Willard's Hotel where he lived. I
knew where his rooms were. I dashed
upstairs and never stopped to rap at
the door, I burst into the apartments.
I came in upon a gathering of the fore
most men of the nation. At any other
tii le in my life I should have been par
"Mrs. Sham and Miss Grace both
sing beautifully. All that next day
after the operation, when the pain be
came unbearable, they would sing
duets from the operas so sweetly that
even we forgot our troubles.
"They had constant streams of visi
tors and their room was like a flower
garden. In a few days Miss Grace was
able to go. home. Her mother was
taken home a week ago. We miss
Mrs. Sham very much, for she had
been here four months and was always
so kind and cheerful that she was a
great favorite."
Mrs. Sham is practically well now.
She is able to walk around the house
on crutches, and it is but a question
of days when those can be dispensed
with and she will be able to venture
out. All the diseased tissue has been
cut away and her limb, which was de
spaired of, will now, thanks to her
daughter, be as sound as ever.
"I do not wish to say anything about
the case," said Mrs. Sham, decisively.
"Dr. Hertzstein has assured me that
my daughter will not be scarred as a
consequence of the grafting, or I should
alyzed at such an unexpected meeting
of human greatness. Mr. Conkling,
ex-Vice-President Hamlin, Senator Si
mon Cameron and ex-Congressman
Zachariah Chandler were having a
quiet card game.
"I didn't stop to catch my breath or
to say, 'good evening,' I merely blurted
right out:
" 'Mr. Conkling, President Lincoln
has just been shot over at Ford's Thea
ter by a man named Booth. The Presi
dent is probably killed.'
"In a twinkling every man at the
card table was on his feet, and the
cards were dropped.
" 'Great heavens. man, are you
crazy?' exclaimed Senator Cameron.
"Mr. Conkling, who was never really
excited in his life, said, 'are you sure?"
Tell us more of this.' The four states
men walked nervously about, and be
gan getting their hats and overcoats,
while I told them between my breaths
all that had taken place in the theater.
" 'My God, this is horrible.' and
'what does it r can?' were the exclama
tions of the men as they got on their
out-of-door garments.
"On the way downstairs I met Vice-
President Andrew Johnson coming up
stairs. He had evidently Just been told
the news, for he was breathing hard,
and his face was flushed as with sud
den excitement.
"When I reached the entrance of
Ford's Theater again the street about
was densely packed with people. Sobs
and moans of sympathy were heard
on every side. I recall that the negroes
were particularly loud in their lamen
tations. , ,
"Just as I got into the crowd several
men were carrying the wounded Presi
dent on a canvas cot bed across the
street to a brick house. When the cot
Price List of Menagerie Animals.
HERE is a price list of animals ex
hibited in menageries. The prices
are the latest quotations f. o. b.
,at New York. Giraffes are the
highest priced and - the hardest to
keep alive. . The price of ele
phants Is down:
Male lions, V years ". ...... $600
Male lions, J3 , years .. 500
African lion, large — 1,000
Lioness, breeder, 5 years.. 500
Lioness, 3 years . . . . ...... ...... ... -V. •• • 300
Tiger, male, 1arge...... 1,500
Elephant, small female :.: 1.800
Hippopotamus, small 2,500
Elephant, large ma1e. .. . . . . .;. . . ........ 3.000
Rhinoceros, double h0rned?........... 3,500
Giraffe ..... •• • • •'• •"• •••• •• • • ....••••• •• • . • 8,000 •
Leopard, black African — .. 300
Leopard, India 250
Jaguar 300
Puma ..".'. • • l*
Lynx •• • £>
Wildcat • •' 100
Hyena :. 1&
Polar bear • 600
Ant bear •" laO
Cinnamon bear 160
Grizzly bear — 300
Black bear... ;......... 60
Sun bear, small.". 75
East Indian bear 125
Orang outang : . :....... . . . — 400
Chimpanzee. ....."... 500
Pigtail monkeys ... ...............; — -15
White face ringtail monkeys 12
Black face ringtail monkeys 12
China monkeys..../.. 10
Java;m0nkey&...............V......;.'..'.. v :" ; 10-
never have permitted it. It is not a
matter of public interest and I must
refuse to discuss the matter."
But friends and acquaintances Insist
on discussing the matter. They put
themselves in Miss Grace's place and
doubt whether even under the circum
stances they would have been as self
sacrificing.
"It makes us all so angry -wtien
Grace says it was a perfectly natural
thing for her to do," said one of her
girl friends. "It may have been her
duty, but when duty takes such a form
not mair- of us are ready to answer its
call. Of course we think all the more
of her for not making any fuss about
it. Still we think she might allow U3
to do a little heroine worshiping. It
isn't often that we have such an op
portunity."
But Miss Grace is thoroughly In earn
est. She refuses to admit that she
has done anything heroic.
Society is thoroughly in earnest, too.
It claims a heroine. It wills a wreath
of laurel on her unwilling head. Miss
Sham might as well bow to the inevita
ble.
passed me one of the men in military
uniform who followed with an armful
of the personal effects of Mr. and Mrs.
Lincoln dropped a shawl and the Presi
dent's tall silk hat. I picked them up
and so followed along behind the per
sonal friends of the President. The po
liceman at the door of the Tiouse said
no word when I passed by with my
burden.
"Or.cc in the house I did not know
what to do. There was such a constant
stream of arriving men, foremost in
national affairs, that I kept back in a
corner. I realized then that I was a
witness to one of the historical event 9
in America. When I had laid down the
President's hat and shawl, I helped
the policeman at guarding the door
against the entrance by people who had
no right there. I remember that Mrs.
Lincoln was helped into the house by
her son Robert and a military officer.
I let Secretary Stanton and Surgeon-
General Barnes into the house.
"An hour later the house was taken
in charge by the military authorities,
and my self-imposed duties came to an
end. One of the physicians with the
dying President came to the hall and
told me to go quick to his office and
ask his wife for a certain probe. When
I took the instrument to the door of the
chamber where Mr. Lincoln lay, I had
a brief glance at the face of the Presi
dent, amid pillows on the bed in the lit
tle, low ceilinged upstairs back room.
The only persons in the room whom I
knew by si~ht were Secretary Stanton
in his great spectacles and long beard,
and young Robert Lincoln who stood
apart by himself, choking with grief."
•■ ♦ ■
The commander-in-chief of the French
army, General Saussier. is so stout that
he can scarcely mount his horse.
Spider monkeys 15
Eland 700
Cape buffalo 600
Bison 500
Zebu, sacred cattle 600
Nylghau 400
Wapiti 200
Gazelles 100
Sambur deer 150
Horned horse 300
Oryx 100
Fallow deer 75
Yak, grunting ox 300
Aoudad 150
Zebra « 1,500
Tapir, South America 125
Seals 50
Pythons. 8-11 feet 20
Anacondas 20
Boas lo
Red cotls W
Civet cat 10
Badger W
Brown deer, Europe 100
Marmoset *>0
East Indian mountain goat 100
Lop-eared goat wj
Fat-taJled sheep 60
Hog deer • £>
Swans, black Australian
Swans, white 50
Blue maccaws 1*
White maccaws 10
Red maccaw ■ • • 1W
Cockatoos, wh ; * -llphur.... 8
Lead beater r >. soo», white In
Ring-neck pare i^ts A
Blue mountain .ar^quets la
African parrots, gray 25
Mexican parrots, green 25
Casowaries 150
2122
CRUISING OVER THE WORLD TO SAVE LOST SOULS.
Unique Expedition of a Danish Noblewoman, Who Has Soid HeY Jewels and Left a Luxurious Home to Preach Among the Water-Front Skims of the World, With Her Three
• Adopted Sons She Has Just Come to America In Her Private Yacht, Oiaen, and is at Present Working in the Cities and Towns Along the St, Lawrence River,
A. IT". ~T7E expedition, attempted
by a oman of noble birth, is
the cruise of the Countess Ade
line Schimmelman, of Denmark.
After touring most of the im
portant seaports of Europe and doing
missionary work among the sailors,
wharfmen and incarcerated criminals
at those places, she, with her three
adopted sons, set sail for America to
do similar work in this country. Com
ing by the way of the St. Lawrence
River in her splendid yacht Duen to
Montreal, Canada, some months ago, she
visited many of the Thousand Islands en
route, holding meetings and being en- .
tertained by numerous prominent fam
ilies at their summer homes there.
From Canada she went to Niagara
Falls, where her two younger sons en
tered school. A brief visit to Rochester
and a stay of ten days at Buffalo pre
ceded her arrival in Cleveland. The
Duen, anchored just inside the break
water and flying the Danish flag, with
a crew of seven men and. a sturdy old
German captain, secured expressly to
conduct the vessel through the great
lakes, has attracted considerable at
tention the last few days. Countess
Schimmelman arrived by train from
Buffalo Friday morning and went at
once on board her ship. I was rowed
out a few hours later, and was cordially
greeted by the Countess, who in a
lengthy interview spoke of her life
work and her methods of soul saving.
When I stepped on board the trim,
handsome yacht the grizzly old captain
and an immense St. Bernard dog
looked up on the immaculate deck.
Count Paul Friedrich Schimmelman,
eldest son of the Countess, a fair
haired, well-built young Dane, ad
vanced and carried my card below. A
moment later the Countess herself ad
vanced to the foot of the stairs and ex
tended her hand in graceful courtesy.
I was surprised to find so young a wo
man. She is evidently not more than
42. Her smooth brow- hair is untouch
ed by gray, her complexion still fresh
and rosy, and her blue eyes luminous .
and tender. She looked very pictur
esque standing in the doorway of her
tiny cabin, with her small headdress of
■w lite lace and her figure enveloped in
a lorg cloak of violet cloth and satin.
She wore no rings or jewels of any ;
kind.
Gentleness, dignity and a sweetly
frank manner of speech were .impres
sions speedily gained of mv hostess,
who bade me sit by her tiny coal stove
MAX NORDAU DISCUSSES THE RELATIONS OF POLITICS AND CHARACTER.
The Distinguished Author Declares tf)e Degree of Respect Political Opponents Pay One Another Is the StaQdard of a
Nation's Public Life.
SWEET THINGS ONE WOMAN SAYS TO ANOTHER.
Lady of the house (to bore, who generally calis just as she is about to go shop
ping) — Won't you let me ring for a little refreshment for you?
Bore — I think I'll take a little something just before I go. »«
Lady of the house — Oh, then, DO have it now,
/
while we chatted. She spoke with con
siderable animation and fluency ol
speech, her English being perfectly In
telligible although marked by a decid
edly foreign accent.
"That is the picture of the castle
wherein I was born," said the Countess,
pointing to a photograph of an impos
ing pile of masonry on the wall. "You
are puzzled by -my accent. I am
Danish-German. My father was a
Dane and my mother a German. My
father was international in his ideas
of education," the Countess continued.
"We had French and English as well
as Danish and German governesses,
and I became proficient in all these
languages, being able now to speak in
five tongues. When I was a very young
girl I was taken to visit at the Ger
man court. Empress Auguste, wife of
"Wilhelm the Great, as he was called,
took a deep interest in me and asked
me to spend' some months with her.
From thenceforth I divided my time
between my Danish home and the im
perial palace of Germany. I became
the pet and protege of Empress Au
guste, who made me a lady of honor.
I was present at many grand functions
of state. When General and Mrs.
Grant made their tour of the world I
had a long conversation with him at
the palace.
"Empress Auguste was a cultured
woman, with much force of character
and sweetness of spirit. She had three
of the best litterateurs of Germany to
read all the newest books and periodi
cals each evening in a conversazione,
which I was invited to attend. These
men imparted the information gleaned
by them to the Empress, with critiques
of- literature and art. Here it was that
my dead religion vanished. My Bible
had new meanings for me, and I be
came converted to Christianity in the
true sense. Surrounded as I was by
luxury and wealth, I saw the selfish
ness of my life, and the poor and sin
ful and suffering in the great cities of
Europe appealed to my heart as never
before. Empress Auguste was inter
ested in the work I began and helped
me substantially. Of course, persecu
tions of the most violent and persist
ent kind were begun by my titled rela
tives, who abhorred the idea of my
speaking on temperance and salvation
and helping wretched drinking men by
building coffee houses and providing
proper food for them and their fami
lies. The impression even was given
that I was insane and must be sent to
i madhouse, but no earthly power could
stop me when God was at my side. In
exchange for a racing cutter I secured
the yacht Duen, from Prince Waldemtr.
youngest brother of the Princess of
Wales, and began my work among the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 13, IS9B.
sailors.
"I am a spinster, and my three sons,
Paul Friedrich, Wilhelm and Otto, are
adopted. I took them when they were
babies in need of a mother's care. They
are now such a blessing to me. Paul
Friedrich attends to all the financial
and practical affairs of our journey
ings, opens and closes my meetings for
me and in countless ways assists me in
my work. Each year we have aimed
to touch once at the large ports of Eu
rope and do missionary work. London,
Berlin, Hamburg and Genoa are some
of the places in which I have worked
months at a time. Last year I visited
fifty-eight cities, including some in
Denmark and Scandinavia,
"My plan of work is to enter the har
bor of some city," continued the Count
ess, "apprise the sailors and wharfmen
of our presence, let their curiosity be
awakened by the yacht and the fact of
my being a lady of gentle birth. I go
ashore and speak to them in a hall near
by if possible. I not only present the
Gospel, but endeavor to establish cof
fee houses and induce men to give up
strong drink. The results of our meet
ings are often marvelous, I believe."
this modestly. "I am never patroniz
ing in my manner, and because I, a
Countess, have left behind me a life
of ease and am spending my fortune to
advance the cause of Christ, the anar
chists and infidels are often touched
and won to righteous living, because
they believe in my sincerity and accept
salvation as a good thing. Work is very
hard in Germany, where even the
Christians fight me for advocating tem
perance. Oh! there is no city so bad
as Berlin for drunkenness. Hamburg
and all the German towns are wretch
edly intemperate in the matter of drink.
London is not so bad. Strange to say,
the socialists of Europe are the ones
The English, who were the first peo
ple in Europe to have a political party
life in the modern meaning of the
words, used to say, "Even in attacking
a political antagonist one must treat
him so that one can dine at the same
table with him on the same day with
out embarrassment." And it is evident
that English professional politicians
carefully adhere to this rule.
The degree of respect which political
opponents pay one another is the best
standard of the state of health of any
I nation's public life. We should be
I warned against the deceptive Inference
I that "politics ruins character," as if the
contagion of the personal relations be
tween the contending parties resulted
in poisoning public life. Exactly the
reverse is the true case. It is from the
existing unhealthfulness of public life
that the evil forms of the relations of
political parties to one another develop.
A deeply dissatisfied nation which is
not aware of the real sources of its
economical or critical discomfort has a
natural inclination to listen to swin
dlers and quacks who offer it obvious,
easily understood though childishly in
correct explanations of its condition
and suggest pleasant remedies, or
which flatter its inclinations and weak
nesses.
A nation that finds itself in this
psychical condition brings to the sur
j face a political personnel which owes
; its rise to the most corrupt methods —
to unscrupuloiisness, charlatanism, de
i ception of the people, courting popular
I favor, untruthfulness and actual or
■ virtual immorality. But this personnel,
; of course, uses in the party press and
;in Parliament the same means by
which it has succeeded in popular meet
ings and district associations. Cleon
cannot speak or act except as Cleon,
whether he is in the market place in
the midst of the shouting mob or In the
council of the responsible directors of
the destiny of the country.
Therefore politics does not corrupt
. character, but bad character corrupts
who do the most active temperance
■work.
"The poverty and intemperance in
Old World cities are vastly greater
than in America, where the women
mark youf*the women — are so actively
employed in good work — in mothering
boys and girls who need help. In Ger
many the Women's Christian Temper
ance Union and the Christian Endeavor
Society have obtained but a small foot
ing. It is yet very hard for women to
do public philanthropic work without
ridicule and contempt.
'"I have gone from city to city, hop
ing my object lesson would inspire
other women to take a positive stand. I
have never taken up collections at my
meetings, defraying my expenses from
my own fortune. I have had contribu
tions from the lately deceased Queen
of Denmark — a noble woman and a
friend to me — also from the Princess of
•Wales, but nothing ever from the
Prince. I have sold my jewels and am
now about to dispose of my country
house in Denmark.
"As to my plans here, I hope to ad
dress a large audience on Sunday after
noon in a public hall in Cleveland,
where people of all classes will feel
free to come. I shall tell of my life,
my work, my journey on land and sea,
and also of what a Savior I have found.
I would like every one to know it will
be free and no collection taken.
"When I arrived at Montreal I was
astonished to find a great crowd of
fishermen, sailors and wharfmen as
sembled to greet me. I had not
heralded my arrival, but somehow they
had learned of it, and I addressed them
many times during my stay. Ah, I
have sailed away from harbors with
the cheers and 'God bless you!' of hun
dreds of converted men ringing in my
ears! Do you wonder I find my work
politics. From this proposition it fol
lows that evil methods of procedure in
party life imply bad character in par
tisans.
Why should a man hate his political
opponents and assail them in a base
personal way? If we seek every pos
sible cause which can explain such con
duct we shall find that each one of
these causes must necessarily have for
its foundation a contemptible soul.
We may think first of intolerance.
We will not allow that our opponent
can have a different opinion from ours.
If he contends against it it must be
done in bad faith, for, like every sensi
ble and horuest man, he certainly must
perceive that our view is the only cor
rect one! Intolerance in this case is
the result of artless dogmatism, but
this always proves incapacity for ob
jective thought, and thus mental in
feriority. *
Another cause might be that one im
pute dishonest motives to our antago
nist. This, too, no decent politician,
no decent man will do. To suspect an
other of double dealing we must be
capable of it ourselves. Whoever is
sure of the purity of his own intentions
will not easily, not without trebly sure
proofs, suspect a fellow man, even
though he is an antagonist of dis
honesty.
Patriotism is as universal, as natural
a feeling as love for our own parents
or children. Its absence is morbid, a
perversion of feeling. But as soon as
we concede that our opponent loves his
country as well as we do, we must also
admit that he plans and- recommends
his political belief because he is con
vinced that it will best promote the
welfare of the nation.
This conviction may be erroneous — it
is the business of party strife to en
lighten the people as well as the ruler —
but it has a claim to respect because
the motives from which it springs have
this claim. What impulse save the de
sire to serve his people and his govern
ment would induce any one to go upon
the stage of public life m Germany? In
countries actually ruled by parliaments
one may hope to find the way from
parliament to a ministerial palace.
Interesting? They have told me here
in America that Chicago is very wicked
—terrible, in fact. But nothing can ex
ceed the vice and misery of Old World
cities, in whose slums and prisons I
have labored. One of my most pleas
ant tasks is the searching for parents
of wayward boys, who, when converted,
want father and mother to know of it."
The Countess here brought forth a
rile of letters and read touching ex
tracts from several — one from a con
verted anarchist Hebrew, another from
a pardoned convict, and still others
from rough sailors and seamen. There
•was one also from a wealthy young
Therefore, among those nations, poli
ticians under certain circumstances
might, without offense, be expected to
pursue their political career, not solely
from patriotism, but also or even ex
clusively from personal ambition.
In Germany parliament is not the
stepping stone to ministerial positions.
Or, to be exact, at the utmost it is only
for a single party, the conservative.
In all other parties place hunting is
excluded because it must always be
futile. In Germany there is no sort of
advantage connected with the profes
sion of a politician who does not stand
by the government through thick and
thin. Why should a man subject him
self to the toil and annoyance of this
career except from unselfish zeal for
the common good?
So in Germany distrust of the mo
tives of a political opponent is less in
telligible than elsewhere unless he is
himself pursuing in politics an uncon
fessed selfish subordinate purpose
either for himself or the caste to which
he belongs.
A third cause, personal enmity to the
opponent, would be especially base. It
would flatter an aversion, perhaps even
active hatred, whether of a part of the
nation or of high positions against cer
tain men or classes. In this case hos
tile assaults upon opponents would be
nothing but a form of tale bearing, spy
ing, currying favor by means of de
nunciatory tales, and the word which
alone could fitly designate the man ca
pable of such acts would better remain
unwritten here.
Thus personal enmity toward the po
litical opponent always proves either
intolerance from dogmatism or inca
pacity to impute proper motives to him,
or criminal speculations upon certain
convictions of influential circles, which
implies narrowness of mind or baseness
of character or both at once.
A broad, candid Intellect always dis
trusts Its own discernment sufficient^
to admit the joossibllity of a mistake,
and therefore allows every divergent
standpoint a certain degree of theoret
ical appreciation. A lofty nature is
always ready to believe every man hon
orable until there are proofs of the con
trary.
German woman of rank who wrote to
tell of her conversion.
"I am going to spend the winter in
Chicago, where our yacht will go into
quarters," she said. "I do not know
how or with whom I shall carry on my
work there.
"After Chicago, I think I will go up
into Lake Superior," she continued,
"to personally investigate that region
as a settlement place for Danes and
Scandinavians, that I may take back
to anxious people in the Old World
exact knowledge of the conditions
there. Then I may return to Cleveland
and go down the Hudson to New York,
Proof Cooclusive.
The Leading Man— What makes you think Stormer la only, getting, about MO :
a week? m edian-TVhy, he told me himself that he was only getting a hundred. -
The Comedian— Why, he told me himself that he was only getting a hundred.
which, of course, I dare not miss see
ing, since it is such an important part
of America."
The Countess then showed me
through the apartments of the yacht.
Her own room — very daintily finished
and furnished, with pretty airy cur
tains and bed draperies, quantities of
photographs, including a large auto-,
graph one of Empress Augusta of Ger
many; bits of oil and water color
scenes— is a marvel pf elegance and
coziness. The same Artistic taste pre
vailed in the other rooms. The Coun
tess and her crew leave Monday for
Detroit, whence they go to Chicago.BUILT A BIG HOUSE
IN THE TOP OF A TREE
Strange Life Led by an Ingenious Robin
son Crusoe in the Wilds of
.Nicaragua.
AMONG the Jungles of Eastern
Nicaragua there lives an Ameri
can Crusoe, fortified in a tall
ebo tree.
The name of this strange in
dividual is Samuel Wilderson.
His house, or citadel, elevated forty
feet, above the earth, is impregnable
to the attacks of wild beasts and
poisonous reptiles. Even pestilential*
swamp fevers, hovering over the de
caying vegetation, cannot rise so high.
This Crusoe fears not that trouble
which befell the celebrated giant who
lived on the top of Jack's beanstalk.
The wood of the ebo is hard as iron,
and long before a marauder armed with
an ax could make a six-inch dent in tho
trunk, Crusoe with his shotgun pointed
out of the kitchen window WOUltl be
able to discharge effective quantities
of buckshot.
When I visited the domain of this
man it was not without doubts as to
the kind of reception that I would re
t cive at his hands. Strange stories had
Moated out of the forest concerning
his notions and his methods of living.
lianana planters along the Rama River
iftrarded him us a crank, nithuugh
■ said. "Oh, he's perfectly harm
less." Other people declared that his
house was filthy and that he never had
a decent meal up in his tree.
one cautions person, residing eighty
miles distant, warned me to make no
photographic attempts in the neighbor
hood of Crusoe's residence, as the. pro
prietor had once expressed an intention
t,> *hoot any man found on his domain
poaching pictures with a camera.
When, one afternoon, I left my boat
on the Rama River, and, camera in
hand, started to climb up the steep
bank toward the aerial house in ques
tlon, I had prepared my mind for al
any kind of a greeting.
Round wooden blocks imbedded in
the bank formed a rude stairway up
the bluff, but frequently I missed con
ns with them and sank into the
. black muck.
After a fifty-foot climb I reached level
pround and beheld an interesting sight.
The house in the tree was scarcely 100
yards distant
s.-leeting a spot at the proper focal
distance I opened the camera box, took
out the instrument and began adjusting
it. The mud about was six inches deep
and as I prodded around in it trying to
get the camera into proper position, a
disagreeable interruption occurred. A
w in the second story of the tree
hausf went up with a bang and a gor
rilla-like head poked itself out. The
-hired angrily.
"Wha'dat you'se a doin' down dar?"
vociferated the head.
I knew the species at once. It was not
a domesticated monkey, but a female
Carib that was making the noise. I did
■are to provoke a heated argu
i i nt with her. No man of sense would
dispute with an angry woman located
almost over his head and probably
equipped with a kettleful of hot water.
held my peace and proceeded to
I'h"tn£rraph.
"Go way from dar!" shrieked the
ebony Carib, as I pointed the lens di
re< tly at her window.
Still I made no answer, but quickly
snapped a plate-holder into position in
the camera arfd seized the pneumatic
One— two— three— click! I had it.
"When I looked up at the window again
THE SUNDAY CALL'S GRAND ANNUAL CONTEST OF PRESS AGENTS.
By the Columbia Theater Press Agent
KOOMRA SAMI, an old Mahatma
priest of India, is the hero of a
story as quaint as it is unusual.
As is well known, the Mahatmas
as a sect are the most hierhly
educated of native Hindoos. Their
knowledge is of a weird sort, perhaps,
yet they are thoroughly wel} accredited
with having accomplished things that
the enemy had disappeared. Perhaps
she did not like the looks of the lens
and feared an explosion. I did not see
her again.
But I was not yet out of trouble. Two
Chinamen poked their heads . out of
the shanty on the ground, while I was
preparing to secure a second photo
graph, and engaged in a rapid-flre
Mongolian conversation, making fre
quent gestures in my direction. I paid
no apparent attention to the antics of
these fellows, but quickly reloaded and
snapped away at the tree house again,
being determined to secure a good neg
ative. Meanwhile I kept an observant
eye upon the open window above, sus
pecting that hot water might be tossed
out without proper precautionay sig
nals. Fortunately no such calamity
occurred, and I finally packed up my
apparatus and safely retreated to the
boat.
Crusoe "Wilderson's house, as will be
seen from the accompanying picture,
is three stories in height. The ebo tree
runs up through its center to the roof.
The structure itself is solidly built of
whipsawed lumber and is painted
white. It is reported to have cost its
owner $35 n 0 in cash, in addition to
months of bard personal labor. The
lower story is used as a kitchen, the
middle story as a living room and the
upper as a bathroom! I could not
understand what whim had led Crusoe
into this last mentioned extravagance.
Perhaps he intended it to ease his
qualms of conscience over the dirty
conditions to be tolerated below.
To supply the bath tub rain is caught
from the roof in barrels located inside
of the house. The tropical rains are
frequent and heavy and there is seldom
a short supply in the barrels.
The house is reached from the ground
by means of a hoisting cage. The rope
which is attached to it passes over a
pulley in the kitchen and suspends a
heavy iron weight at the other end.
iVhen Crusoe enters the cage his weight
ibout counterbalances that of the iron
and by a hand-to-hand pull the cage
glides up and the weight goes down,
rhis operation is reversed in descend
ng. The idea is worked on the elevator
jrinciple.
The rooms are furnished in an ex
ceedingly simple style. Nicaragua n
rumors has it that there are few arti
cles of luxury and no carpets. A
plain pine table in the sitting room and
several chairs and cots complete the
equipment.
Down in the kitchen the cooking
utensils show signs of antiquity, and
t is said that theyVould be wondrous
y improved in appearance and even in
capacity by the erosive action of sand
sapf-r, lye and soft soap. As it is, they
ire gradually thickening and losing ca
pacity.
Crusoe TVilderson has the groiilla
faced Carib for a housekeeper. It
might be incidentally mentioned that
he is a married man and left his fam
ily in Louisiana, when he started for
Nicaragua some years ago. A report
had it that his wife had sent word of
her intention to visit him.
Wihierson built his hou£e on the the
ory that fevers would not assail him
sn far above the earth. So far neither
the miasma nor the chills have seized
him, and his theory has a respectable
standing in consequence. But, then,
there is an ever nresent possibility that
a boa constrictor will enter one of his
windows on a dark night and carry off
Representatives of the Orpheum and.the Columbia Theater Present Magicians to the Great American Public, and With Fanciful
Pencils and Unbridled Consciences Sketch the Merits of Their Respective Stars. Which Wins ?
ordinary mortals at the very outset de
clare are human impossibilities.
These priests have a power over the
people that the British will never suc
ceed in stamping out. In addition to
the five senses possessed by ordinary
beings, they are said to have knowledge
of a sixth sense, and the ability to ap
ply this knowledge in a most startling
manner. Tourists to India have de
scribed their wonderful necromancy;
their apparent power to hypnotize
crowds of people on the streets and
make them believe they see things
which really do not exist. In addition,
it is claimed for them that they have
the astral power, that is, can enter a
state of coma and project their astral
or spirit form to remote parts of the
• arth with the rapidity of thought.
Magician Kellar claims to be the only
American who has ever made the Ma
hatmas a subject of thorough study.
During his tour of the world he spent
many months in India, at Simla, at
Delhi, at Allahabad and Calcutta.
where he devoted his time almost en
tirely to the mastery of their weiitt
magic. While he has not pretended to
explain their methods, »yet he has re
produced their wonderful exploits by
methods of his own, in an equally
startling manner.
When in Delhi, Kellar learned the
story of Koomra Sami. For some rea
son or other, the old priest had incurred
the displeasure of his fellow craftsmen
and was threatened with death. He
was alleged to possess the astral Dower
10 a higher degree than any of his con
freres, to whom he declined to dlvulce
he inner secrets of the mystery. The
ime came when he had to leave his
nimble home and flee for his life. He
vas pursued by his enemies far into
he mountains, but just as they seemed
bout to capture him ho mysteriously
lisappeared, only to reappear at a
more distant point, yet in full view. In
ihe end, however, he found himself
upon the brink of a precipice. The
mountain trail ended abruptly and he
ould not advance. His enemies were
Some oi the Mystifying Things Those Same Magicians Do, According t:> Their Press Agents, Without Half Trying.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1898.
ri^uoc £duii_i by £>A/YlUtlL WiLDc:K6t:i>l IN A TKEETOP..-IM Th|t. WILDS OF NICAKAGUA.
closing in upon him rapidly.
Suddenly, with a majestic wave of his
thin hand, with his long white hair
falling- like a silver sheen about his
shoulders, he seated himself upon a
rock, and, to the astonishment of his
pursuers, gradually faded away into
thin air. A few seconds after the pro
cess of dissolution began the outlines
of the rock were seen through his form.
Thinner and more gauze-like his figure
became, until only Its dim, misty shape
remained — then it was wafted away
upon the breeze. The priests stood
dumfounded. That it was the astral
power they well knew, but that it was
developed to a far higher degree than
aught they had heard of they also
agreed. They knew the trick of leaving
the physical body and causing the
spirit-body to go to distant places, but
it must return again to the earthly
form it had left. Koomra Sami, how
ever, caused his physical body to melt
away before their very eyes.
No credence could be placed upon
this odd story were it not for the fact
that it was proved true by Kellar, who
has reproduced the phenomenon in
every detail. It really seems like ask
ing a good deal to expect intelligent
people to believe such a statement, but
the sensation Kellar has created in the
East since the first presentation of this
wonderful illusion leaves no room for
doubt. Stepping down to the footlights
on the stage, he narrates the story of
old Koomra Sami briefly, and declares
that the phenomena accomplished by
the old priest were simple in the ex
treme when understood. He then seats
himself upon a chair and continues his
chat with the audience. The stage is
fully lighted; as is also the entire
theater His face and form gradually
become indistinct; the back of the chair
upon which he sits shows through his
figure. He continues talking, in a most
entertaining .manner, meanwhile fading
away into a ghostly mist, which van
ishes altogether, in the bright light of
the electric lamps.
And Just then, while the audience
either the housekeeper or himself. Boas
have a fancy for life among the limbs
of the ebo trees.
The particular trunk which supports
the house is four feet in diameter and
is aided in sustaining the enormous
weight by four slender wooden columns
placed at the corners of the structure.
E. HAZARD WELLS.
From a photograph.
watches the chair with keenest interest,
and in the smallest fraction of a sec
ond, Kellar, smiling with satisfaction
at their discomfiture, steps out of the
wings from a remote corner of the
stage, continuing his story as if nothing
had happened.
• * •
By the Orpheum Press Agent
IN his travels over the world and in
strange lands Carl Hertz, the ma
gician, has had many thrilling ex
periences, but perhaps the most
exciting of all occurred in Borneo.
After this adventure Mr. Hertz has the
distinction of probably being the only
man who has ever had to offer himself
up as a burnt offering in order to rid
himself or a Princess who would marry
him whether or no.
The Princess in question hod witness
ed several performances by Mr. Hertz
and considering his skill in magic
she had concluded that he was about
the right sort of a fellow to have in the
family, but Mr. Hertz could not see it
in that light, and so far as the Princess
yet knows he burned himself alive.
It was about two years ago that
Carl Hertz visited Borneo, and his
fame as a magician reached even the
slow-going, methodical natives of the
interior. A ruler of the Dyaks of an in
terior province heard of Mr. Hertz and
summoned him to appear at the palace
and give his entertainments. Several
of the King's barges, with a retinue of
servants, were sent down the river and
the magician and his outfit conveyed
to the palace of the King of Dyaks. As
is customary in that country, the King
was seated on a raised platform, for it
is beneath the dignity of any Oriental
ruler to appear in public seated on the
same level with their subjects. On the
same platform reposed his favorite
daughter.
She expressed her approval of the
clever work of Mr. Hertz not by clap
ping of the hands, after the manner of
an English audience, but in true native
style by a number of short grunts.
When Mr. Hertz performed, his tricks
with money and plucked corns from the
air the Princess expressed her approval
by long grunts that at first rather dis
comfited the magician, for he was not
yet accustomed to such style of ap
plause. When he came to what is
known as the Phoenix trick, such us he
does at the Orpheum this w,eek, it was
then that the Princess concluded that
he was Just the fellow she wanted, "in
this illusion the magician appears to
have the power to burn up people.
The Princess concluded that if she
only had a husband like Carl Hertz she
would start several conflagrations. His
experience with the Princess Mr. Hertz
tells as follows:
"It is a fact that among the natives
of the interior of almost any of the
Oriental countries it is quite impos
sible to make them believe that the
magician does not really perform all
that he pretends to, and this is the se
cret of why a magician is regarded aa
some sort of a supernatural being.
When the Princess had seen me pick
coins out of the air and take handfuls
of gold from the pockets of people who
were never known t- have a piece erf
gold in their lives she naturally con
cluded that I could perform such mir
acles at will, at any time and at any
place. I have several times as an ad
OUR EARTH WILL SEE SHOWERS
OF METEORS THIS MONTH
vertisement when I would be about to
pay money to the natives pretended to
search through my clothes without
finding as much as a piece of silver.
Then I would make a few passes and
pick a coin out of the air.
"It is the same with the Phoenix il
lusion. They believe that I actually
burn up a live man, and in several in
stances I have had hard work to con
vince the authorities who have
got after me that I do not really burn
up the man. They think that my trick
is in convincing them that I do not
burn the body.
"The Princess no doubt concluded
that a man who could produce coins
of any denomination at will, and who
could by merely making a few passes
cause the clothing of another person
to break into flames would be a valua
ble addition to the household of the
woman who was destined to rule the
province. I was summoned the third
time to the palace to repeat my per
formance. As I varied my tricks each
evening the Princess naturally con
cluded that there was no limit to the
things I could do.
"It was at the end of the third per
formance that she proposed marriage.
I replied that I was married already.
She told me that that made no differ
ence that she would be a sister to my
first wife and together they would rule
all other wives I might acquire.
"My wife, who was present when the
interpreter told us this, thought it was
all a joke and was for jumping up and
throwing her arms about her new-found
sister.
"But I could see that there was a very
serious side to the matter. To refuse
the Princess was to insult the Kins,
and perhaps meant death, and in those
interior provinces the rulers are au
tocrats with more power than the Czar.
So long as tbey do not interfere with
the administration of any foreign gov
ernment they can do about as they
have a mind to and no one bothers to
ask questions, much less to bring them
to an accounting. There is even a way
Its Course fop the .Next Thirty Days Will
Lie Jllong a Path Where There Jire
Swarms of Them.
DURING the present month we
may expect to see two well-de
fined showers of meteors, as the
earth rushes through the richly
clustering part of two meteor
swarms — viz., the Leonids, so
called because they apparently radiate
from a point in the heavens in the con
stellation Leo, and the Andromedes,
which radiate from the constellation
Andromeda.
Meteor swarms pursue regular, well
defined paths around the sun, and the
earth can only encounter them when
they happen to intersect each other's
paths at the same time. Therefore the
great star showers occur only rarely,
the Leonids returning once in about
thirty-three years, on November 13,
within a day or two, and the Andro
medes about once in thirteen years, on
the 27th or 28th of the same month.
The last great display of the Leonids
took place in 18G6, and occurs again in
1899 or 1900, so that this year we may
only expect to see the advance guard
of this celestial army, yet we are very
near the "gem of the meteoric ring,
as it has been prettily, though not
scientifically, termed.
It may be as well to call attention to
the fact that the meteors on this spe
cial occasion must be looked for at the
right time and in the right direction.
Much disappointment and vexation of
spirit may be spared by using the fol
lowing directions: The November me
teors (of this particular family) radiate
from the sickle-shaped group of stars
in Leo and this constellation rises
somewhat to the north of the east point
shortly before midnight. Consequently
the meteors radiating from this point
must be looked for between midnight
and dawn.
At the display of November 13 and 14,
18fi6 many observers waited patiently
from nightfall to midnight for the
promised display of celestial fireworks,
finally retiring in disgust, weary with
waiting and angry with the astrono
mers for setting them an apparently
useless task. Now, the fact of the mat
ter is those patient watchers might just
as well have been resting peacefully
from 6 to 11 o'clock as watching for
the display of November meteors. Dur
ing those hours no meteors could be
seen for the same reason which ren
dered the Spanish fleet invisible for a
t i me _"The Spanish fleet you cannot see
because it's not in sight."
From observations and discoveries
made in 1866 it was ascertained that
the November meteors travel around
the sun in orbits extending beyond the
path of the planet Uranus. In the
year 1865 the earth had passed some
what in front of the head or richest
part of the November meteor system.
In the year 1866 the earth had passed
somewhat behind the head and through
a region so rich that for six hours
meteors positively rained upon the
earth, or rather upon the shield of air
which protects it from the downfall of
meteors.
But the enormous range of the me
teoric orbit of this system requires
about thirty-three years for its com
pletion, and hence we hay« every rea
son to expect a fine disp! this year,
a preliminary skirmish, as It were, giv
ing promise of a regular bombardment
by this celestial army at its return in
1599.
In 1866, when the earth rushed
through a very rich portion of the sys
whereby they can circumvent the inter
ference of foreign powers. There is a
law in Borneo that whenever war is
declared all foreign subjects, no matter
to what nation they may belo-ng, are
subject to draft into the army. AD
they have to do is to inform an Amer
ican, an Englishman, a German or any
body else that he is wanted in the army
and he has to serve.
"I asked the Princess to delay the
matter for a day or two. I privately
went to the British Consul and laid the
matter before him. He informed me
that a father of the Princess had the
power at any moment to conscript me
into his army and that in such an
event he (the Consul) would be power
less to help me. He advised me
inasmuch as I was a magician to get
out of the difficulty by the practice of
my own art. and left me to devise the
means and methods.
"I thought the matter all over and
concluded that the best way was to
make myself a sacrifice in the Phoenix
illusion and let the Princess think that
I had really burned myself up. I sent
word to the palace that I would give
my last performance that evening, and
I also conveyed the information to the
Princess that I would also give her an
answer.
"I gave them my entertainment of
magic and closed with the Phoenix il
lusion, but instead of using my, wife as
the burned offering, as I do at the
Orpheum, when it came time for the
persons to take their positions over the
pot of fire, I brughed my wife to one
side and jumped into the pot myself.
"As the flames began to rise round me
I waved my hand in farewell to the
Princess, who shrieked and would have
dashed into the cabinet after me had
not her servant thought that she would
really be going into a caldron of fire,
and for this reason they restrained her.
"Of course my assistants were in
formed and I was packed closely in a bin
basket as I did not dare show myself
even to a native after the illusion. My
wife pretended to be in great grief and
tem on the morning of November 14,
the passage lasted so short a time that
while England had a magnificent dis
play of falling stars none was seen in
the United States. On the other hand,
in 1867, when a display of hardly in
ferior splendor was seen, America
caught the shower and Europe missed
it almost entirely.
Probably the most remarkable of all
meteoric showers seen in this country
occurred on November 12, 1833, in the
early morning, when the sky seemed
fairly ablaze with stars. An observer
remarked that "he never saw snow
flakes thicker in a storm than were the
meteors in the sky at some moments."
During the five or six hours of the
display 250,000 meteors were counted by
observers in Boston. The colored peo
ple in the Southern States were over
come with terror, and supposed" the end
of the world was at hand.
A planter was aroused from slumber
by one of his slaves, who knocked at
the door, shrieking: "Get up, massa;
The angel Gabriel will have done blown
his trump if you ain't up soon!"
In "Starland" Professor Bell relates
the experience of a Mr. Kirkwood of
South Carolina, who describes the
effect of the meteoric display on the
plantation workers as folows:
"I was suddenly awakened by the
most distressing cries, that ever fell on
my ears. Shrieks of horror and cries
for mercy could be heard, and, while
earnestly listening for the cause, I
heard a faint voice near the door call
ing my name. I arose, and, taking my
sword, stood at the door. At this mo
ment I heard the same voice beseeching
me to arise, and crying out that the
world was on fire.
"I then opened the door, and it is
difficult to say which excited me the
most — the awfulness of the scene or the
distressed cries of the men. Upward of
a hundred lay prostrate on the ground
— some speechless, and some, with the
bitterest cries, raising their hands and
praying for mercy. The scene was truly
awful, for never did rain fall much
thicker than the meteors fell toward
the earth."
The path pursued by the Leonids is
millions of miles lons and thousands of
miles in width, the particles in the
swarm being probably only small peb
bles, a few ounces in weight, and sepa
rated from each other b i- a distance of
two or three miles. Each pebble pur
sues an independent path around the
sun, and is as submissive to the con
trolling law of gravity as the more se
date members of the solar family — the
planets.
Meteors make their presence known
to us by fitful flashes of light, seen at a
height of eighty to a hundred miles, the
length of their path varying from fifty
to five hundred miles, and the velocity
from forty to ten miles a second at the
moment when they first become visible,
diminishing to one or two miles per sec
ond at the time they disappear.
A comet must be very small indeed
which has not a head 50.000 miles or so
in extent, so the head of the coming
comet might be expected to extend far
beyond the 20,000 miles separating its
track from the earth. In other words,
the earth would probably pass through
the outer portions of the comet's head.
The Andromedes are of a ruddy hue
and with only short trains, moving
slowly as compared with the Leonids,
since they drift along in the same di
rection as the earth.
would not stay even over night in the
place where she had lost her husband.
She therefore ordered everything
packed that night and she started at
once for the seaport.
"As soon as we were safely on the
river she opened the basket and let me
out. But it was an experience I do not
care to go through again, not even for
a Princess."
2324
Copyright, IS9B, by the author.
IN some parts of the country there may be still isolated specimens of
the type of ex-Lieutenant Governor Culberson. With us he remained
for years the last solitary representative of the fine old-fashioned po
litical leader, who lived with the ideals of Webster and Calhoun and
Clay still before them. His tall and stately figure, his smooth-shaven
face, his stock and his long-tailed legislator's coat, of the type pre
served in famous statesmen's pictures, but now extinct as the dodo in real
life, all remained still fixed in the minds of those who were honored in
many speeches by his opening apostrophe of "fellow citizens."
Ex-Lieutenant Governor Culberson had waited ten years to be Gover
nor, hungering and thirsting, but expecting fervently to be fed. Ten years
is a considerable slice out of an individual's life, but it Is rather less than
It usuaily takes for the Governorship to revolve around to our section —
and then we have to divide It between ourselves at the county seat at
Westchester, and the manufacturing town of Johnsonville, ten miles away.
A great many things happen in ten years, but the ambition of the Cul
bersons is made of stern stuff. Governor Culberson's grandfather had
been Governor and his father a Senator. He intended to live up to the fam
ily traditions. As a matter of fact he was always called "Governor." The
title is much shorter and easier to say than "Lieutenant Governor." At
the beginning of the decade, when he had just retired from the Governor
ship. "Governor" Culberson was the most prominent figure in our section
die4.ifv to te " t He strove with every power he possessed consistent with
mh?it» retain the position. He was as erect and hearty as a young
his hri,iP nd ** particular in his appearance as a bridegroom waiting for
h^i m2a P\,t£ ?>,« ° i?,^ antim . c _, hls ** ie > a beautiful old-time gentlewoman,
had died and his children had all moved away, but the fine old-fashioned
Romance in the Life of an Indian
Who Fought With the Rough Riders
Shot a HVal, fkd to Mexico and after fifteen years returned to fight for his country against
Spain, Was dangerously Wounded ar\d nursed back to life by his early lov>e, Who had enlisted
as a Red Gross rvurse
WICHITA, Kans.. Nov. 10.-
Miss Mabel White, a Red
Cross nurse, and Carrol
Hume of Company L of the
Rough Riders, were wedded
here the other day, at the
residence of the bride's father. Their
marriage marks the final chapter in a
Btory that has taken fifteen years to
•work itself out, a story that teems with
romance, bravery, constancy, crime and
tragedy.
Fifteen years ago Mabel White was a
fair little lass with skirts ankle-high,
and a heart full of hope. She loved
young Hume and he loved her. It mat
tered nothing to her that he was •■ six
teenth part Cherokee Indian, that his
father was a member of the Cherokee
Lt -tjislature. His skin was as white and
as smooth as her own, he loved her
with all the flush of a first passion, and
she loved and trusted him. Her father
was a clergyn.an who had spent many
years among the Cherokees, and he had
taught her that it was not always the
breed that made the man.
She and her Indian lover would wan
der among the trees and flowers in her
father's grounds and dream and plot
for a blissful future. Life seemed to
them one sweet stretch of bouquets and
sunshine.
They might have married on the spot
and lived it out in eventless tranquil
lity if some one had not introduced
young Hume to the pleasures of Amer
ican firewater.
There is that in the blood of the. In
dian which boils and troubles under the
gting of liquor. A Cherokee plus a
quart of wblsky is a devil.
Carrol Hume tasted his first and his
twentieth drink on the same night. As
a result he quarreled with Harry Ford,
a fellow tribesman, who In the opinion
of young Hume had been too attentive
to Miss Mabel. There werea quick inter
change of epithets, a short scuffle, a
pause and an agreement to go outside
and "shoot it out."
Silently they walked down the moon
lit road and paced off the distance. The
two shots were simultaneous. Hume
was unhurt, but Ford lay dead with a
bullet in his heart.
The shock sobered Carrol Hume for
the rest of his natural life.
His first impulse was to give himself
"No doubt he will maKe a good Governor, sir."
[ up, but although he consoled his honor I
! with the thought that the fight had
j been fair and square, he feared the
! Cherokee laws, and determined on
: flight. But first he slipped around to
i the parsonage and sounded a soft sig
nal whistle. His little sweetheart came
to the "window, and in rapid whispers
he told her the story of the duel, which
', she as rupidly forgave.
The eternal vows were plighted, and
! he slunk away in fhe shadow of the
i night. '
This was nearly fifteen years ago—
' June 24, 1882. She was then 15 and he 20.
Years passed and brought Mabel no
! word from her Indian lover. She was
! sent away to school and returned a
1 matured, cultivated woman of beauty
I and poise. Of Hume nothing had been
j heard in the village since the night of
j his flight; but Mabel's heart remained
, true and trusting.
Years and years later, when the fugi
tive had traveled the most of the navi
i gable world with a heavy heart and a
! persistent conscience, and was in Mex
ico "and about to return home and give
himself up, the war with Spain was de
! clared, and from ocean to ocean echoed
■ the call for volunteers in the American
i army. Carrol Hume was among those
i who heard and hastened.
"Here is a chance for honorable ex
piation," he said to himself. "No one
i will recognize me now, I am so
: changed; I can go to the Territory and
! enlist there, and maybe hear some
I news of Mabel."
A month later he was at Muskogee,
an enlisted man; a week later he was
a lieutenant in Troop L.
While the soldiers were still at Mus
kogee, Hume walked down the street
one day to come face to face with the
woman he loved. She had changed
greatly and he was heavily bearded
and marked by travel, but recognition
was mutual and immediate. She was
not alone and feared to imperil him by
a public recognition; bo with mute
greetings they went their separate
ways. The next morning his troop left
for the front. He fought in the thick
est of it at Cuba, where he was finally
wounded and carried In a delirious
condition to a hospital. He regained
consciousness to discover an honorable
collection of scars and bruises and the
absence of his left arm.
He also discovered a pair of soft
white hands working over the ban
dages and a tender voice cautioning
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1898.
figure remained among the ruins of the home, still staring at the prize
which should consummate his career.
Early in the spring of the eventful year "Governor* Culberson made
his first call on Sam Wilson at the Herald office— the once noted "Sam,
now only a memory in the minds of those queeer gray old newspaper men
who have come down to us from another generation. The "Governor's'
barouche drew up to the curbing before the office, and the "Governor" him
self followed the steps of many another illustrious man up the dingy stairs
until he penetrated to the presiding genius of the place, seated in his little
untidy temple, with the sacrificial piles of d'lsty newspapers around him.
In the histqry of the underside of things, which will never be published,
Sam Wilson was the greatest figure in his State. Other men made fame
and history; Sam Wilson made the men. And many an unformed soul
from the outer world which surrounds politics had clamoered up there,
pleading to be made, and many men famous in local history had come in
submissively at all hours of the day and night to b<-g a favor or to ask ad
vice and many a letter came Into that old black walnut desk, franked
from the White House itself, asking information from tho man who knew
more about the State than any man alive and who did not fear to tell the
When "Governor" Culberson opened the door of Sam Wilson's little den
he recognized in a dim way that he had reached a crisis In his affairs. He
had never himself experienced the power of the man, yet he had often ob
served it in the fortunes of others. Sam Wilson sat before him at his
desk a gray old schoolmaster of politicians, staring at him over his gold
bowed spectacles. Wilson showed no surprise at the visit; sooner or later
they all came up to him. Yet, in his gruff way he was very cordial. He
shook hands warmly, cleared a chair tor his visitor from the accumula
tions of papers and rose and closed the glass door. Then the two old men
sat down together, waiting for the first move— the one w-ith the hope In
hip breast for the fulfillment of the ambition of his life, and the other able
in a sense to give it to him. or. at least, to get it -for him.
But the Culbersons are not the stuff that suppliants are made of. The
"Governor" was a petitioner at the power of the press, but he had no in
him against excitement. The voice and
hands belonged to Mabel White.
Immediately after the meeting at
THE CANDIDATE
Mvskogee she had gone to Tampa and
offered her services to the Red !:.;
She had followed him almost to uw
field of battle, and when he was
wounded had begged the privilege 01
assisting in his care.
Hume recovered in time to ride again
with the Rough Riders and when those
reckless fighters were mustered out he
went back home and was quietly mar
ried to the girl of his heart.
Lieutenant Hume will have to stand
trial for the duel of fifteen years ago.
But as the witnesses are now dead the
story of his and Mabel's heroism so
well known and the general feeling so
strongly in his favor, it is not difficult
to predict a mild verdict.
The Indian Rough Rider Lieutenant and H's Red Cross Nurse Bride.
From Photographs.
i
BY GEIK-TURNER
tention of losing his dignity. After some political gossip between them, he
made his whole proposition. ■.".*•■ - OTT *«n of what you are aware
mmmmmm
.° n SX^iSS l^t'Kadny to the jropo |lt ,o n He had gjn gjnninj
"Governor" had come in to remina film of it. %°™™*4^l"GavexnQTr
gSSSSS^^-^JlJa l^ n^K^'hen le^STt^.
Sam Wilson complimented him on his health. , - he sal d.
"You are looking extremely .well,. ' Governor, ne saia.
Th^-Governor'' acknowleapd the^om^Dliment. you older or younger
,:■ ''By. the way, 'Governor,' "said Wilson, are jou oiaer or yuuuß«
than. I am?"
"You are—" .I-am- a year your senior.- said the "Governor" "I
"A^^theT^ir. I am a year your senior." said the "Governor" "I
am The stately old figure, with its goUWieaded cane tramped heavHy
away. As he heard his footsteps on the stairs ■ Sam Wilson sanK dock
again into his old office chair and shook his head. ■-■__.. howe a S necta-
Wilson-had followed the world closely V* rou^}r?wiffl : cSbersra In
cles, and he lived in a different generation i 1r0n ,,. Governor Culberson. «i
*n th« intellect of a criminal lawyer and nerves ime it-ie^ra-pu
wires Ar?aved hiainst him was the cleverest band of sharpers that the
•■•oiVSgoS? wo P r r kwa 3 a not c 'for .a beSevolent old It may be dif
ferent in some other.States, but we are killing Governors at 45.
Nevertheless Sam Wilson wanted the Governorship for our section,
and be-In to callfor it most heartily. At the northern end of the State,
there wa^B^ne tendency- to demur at flr*t. but the general-drift of events-
favorable to us There would be no difficulty in finding the proper
Can i d t d wi e s a^th?s ce d ce a that rt ''&)vernor'' Culberson began to.enjoy a fore
taste of the Joys of victory. The old-fashioned country politicians who
formed his council of advisers considered the choice already made. Was
there any such candidate in our part of the State? they asked.. convincing
ly He also received many calls -and many letters from nomeless politi-
Ihe^-Gr^'to^le^lt his duty to visit the Her
aid office^ asrain said to Wilson, "to congratulate you on your
*«£b3 SSSSsvss a SlM^&fwas before him,
I 'believe. Now. we have got to
■nick Fhf man I'm Kill voif dropped In to-day. 'Governor ' for I have been
■?Wnkin| m^er matter pretty hard, and I'd like to talk it over with you.
v\ telM-ou hoy ? I VSfl You know how we are fixed. The times are hard.
i HH.h ha rVinnd there's a gang of rascals up there at the State House
I SkrS^ t & KlLe-Ts^-tleur
Governor Milts Holoomb of Johnsonville." He stopped a moment
t0 m? Governor/ » he 'continued, "what do you think? How. would
H0 Tne n c.l'd O m f a°n had bee" gradually stiffening up for the blow during Wil
son^ explosUre conversation.. His face was nearly purple when it fell. He
ar0 "Mr o Ho1 omb is an admirable man. sir.", he said. , "No doubt he would
ma slm^Vil d o G nn omo0 mo r p n P °e r a his fa^e° d as d tn'e old man stamped down the stairs.
'" T B^tfsamAVilsoVhid something more to occupy his mind that day than
sontiment He must bring out in the morning the Herald s candidate He
hPnt S! the best energies of a veteran political pleader into his appeal for
; Holcomif And to close up all avenues of retreat he Quoted "Goy 7
JSio?" CulberSon on the nomination. "That veteran leader or the party
the article ran "ex-Lieutenant Governor Culberson when consulted on the
suMeot expressed his warm opinion of the choice." .
This' announcement of a candidate made a more than usual row. Old
Tulberson^had many friends in town; besides we have a nat
ural feeling that we do not care to hand over to Johnsonville anything we
his' work" cut out for him and he knew it. ; And the
worstoart of It was, his candidate was not sure he wanted to run. This
=t?ange phenomenon was brought about by perfectly natural causes. Miles
ilSbwas the head of the big Johnsonville mill. He ; was a leader In
thi ra^ks of the men who do things. Big. broad-shouldered, rough and
shrewd he was the typical guardian spirit of a cotton mill, and he recog- .-
S^fhat there was his place. Once he had takeji time to play Lieutenant
rovernor for a term, but that was only a side issue. He was not anxious
let ?he be machine trundle along by itself for two years while he went
% to nlav Governor: ' When he first read his name in the paper it was
?™r<?d as a Remarkable fact among the men who would hive laid down
ths?r lives to be Governor for one month that he swore vigorously.
But no one knew better than Sam Wilson the man he had to deai with
or the tools he had to use. Within twenty-four hours Sam was visited by
° v,ois En Tohnsonviile politicians, among them two or three friends of
Holcomb These ™c instructed- to win Hoi comb around Immediately. .It
isn't evew day that the nomination for Governor comes knocking at a
man's fdoor said Sam. "Besides, you can tell him it won't hurt his busi-
S Iny to have hadthe title of Governor. You want to start at him right
off toS because the Culberson fellows from here will be over right away
?o^se^ what he will do. You've got an early start and you want to keep
eoit cF'Z> Wilson was right. After thinking the matter over a couple of days,
can t alTorn 1 1, 0^ much more, and he never was much on luxuries.' " :
"What if "t dolsr"said Sam. "He.can afford it can't he? Now, I tell
, whft rd do 11' I were in this thing. I'd get the people started. The
you h T A. d H ) C( V mb or they will want him. and it's about time they were
ZV-\ from You % , over 'arid get up a rousing citizens' meeting in John
heard from. let him hear from it. That's what I'd do."
SOn Th c pomicans s^t off immediately, and the citizens' meeting was
V.ff thP. fir«it night the village band had an open date. There was a
brought off the w.iniMu i another, and a delegation of leaders
crowd brought out in one > the i people. The Herald announced the
was chosen to pre * n i the light of such a demonstration rom the heart of
next ln tt € YeV c could be no doubt that any hesitancy which Mr. Holcomb
the people, tnereLj accepting the nomination would be overcome, and
might have leltanoiu i- i «n« n could ;ifford to dlsre?ard such a cal]
°Bu\\he JohnsSnville men were stiU in doubt about their man. He was
Battle to Keep 200,000 Sheep
Out of the Yosemite Reservation
The War called off the regulars Who had beery guarding the great yosemite J?eserVatror\ and
the Sheepmen took advantage of the situation to driVe in their Sheep by the thousands. What
troubles the inspectors had to driv>e them out is graphically told beloW.
Two hundred thousand sheep
swarmed over the Yosemite National
Park during the past summer. When
of a Scotch-Irish brand, whic h dislikes :to driven. wilaon "He's
. "Send him over to consult with me. If you want to. saia Wilson, ne a
be *FinaH e v b t e h f eT«nduced Ho.comb to drop in, and t%'*s%£jrß%£t %'*s%£jrB%£
three cigars the glass door was closed. while the two men t alk ed 1 1 over
Wilson began. with congratulations and continued with the air or a^an
who sees resistance impossible. "When a ■ man has the $£4, toplck
thrown at him like a bouquet," he Bald, "he can t aft to refuse to pick
it up. Personally I look at all these things as a disinterested party, Dut u#
mighty Important for you not to make a false move here. to maka
"But, good Lord, Wilson," said Holcomb, "imagine me tr>lng to make
a B ?.^ cn^' orator we want you to work. You can Bay
how-dVldo ? and^e'll geT an oratorical Lieutenant Governor to do the
, talk Ho!comb went out in a state of submission, and In the^mornir* the
Herald officially announced that Mr. Holcomb would l certainly stand ( for
the nomination for the Governorship. "He Is the man for the place, it
said; "the people have demanded him." ■ . ._ .
-Such modern methods of political warfare were too much for the Cu.
berson coterie. They were overwhelmed in the beginning in dignifiedre
treat. After his first rebuff "Governor" Culberson could not be induced to
have Wilson approached in any way in his interest. - . communi
"l refuse, sir," he said when urged repeatedly, to have any communi
cation whatever with that poltroon that dirty scribbler, sir.
Hence it. came about that his name was entirely : ignored In the cam
. paign for the nomination. And as it was never once brought before the
people to any extent, the people naturally did not consider it In spite or
the many insinuations of his personal friends that he . could be persuaded
to run. It is not a time when the people arise unassisted and_ whatever
popular uprising there was favored Holcomb. ■ He was a successful busi
ness man, an employer of many people— and on the whole a * 1 " < * one— ana
he had the powerful reputation of a "bottomless barrel," with the politi-
The campaign for the nomination went with a rush. T^ e t northern
end of the State soon swung into line for our man, and the metropolitan
press there was full of such phrases as "a captain of industry, >t man or
energy and decided character," "a power in financial circles. xnere
was progressive enthusfasm and pride in our own section. ■_
. Very few of us now noticed the tall, gaunt figure, who did not rejoice
at our feast. For a few days after he realized that his case was hopeless,
Governor Culberson remained at his home, 'partly because he was Phys
ically prostrated by the blow and partly because he thought the eyes or
all would be on him in the streets in pity and scorn. As a matter or ract,
people did not think of him at all. further than to understand in a general
way that he was sick. When he did drive out again they noticed how
much changed he was by his illness. Indeed, it was almost startling; ni3
face had lost its color, there was a little quaver in his voice, and an un
certainty in his step which had never been there before. His clothes were
not so carefully tended to and there began to be a suspicion of aingmess
on his immaculate shirtfront. • \ * • '•'; •
People began to see that he was an old man. "You must take care or
yourself, Governor," his friends said. , _.
In the meantime the boom for Miles Holcomb still hurried along. The
caucuses went solidly for him all over the State; a young lawyer from the
north was to be made Lieutenant Governor. All records for harmony were
surpassed. The Question now arose as to who would present the name 01
our candidate ' before the State convention. Holcomb, who «& a
warmed up to the game by this time, was very much interested in this.
He made up his mind he must have "Gov" Culberson, and with character
■ istic directness he went to him..and asked him for his services.
"My dear sir," replied the old gentleman, with dignity, "while I appre
ciate the distinguished honor you offer me, I fear I shall be obliged to de
cline. I could not do you justice, sir." ._ . 
■ "O, thunder," said Holcomb, "if I had only half * your gift of gab
I'd be a happy. man. As it is, I He awake nights thinking of how many
different kinds of fool I'm going to be when I'm Governor.
Culberson pleaded hard. "Mr. Holcomb," he said, "I am not what I
: have been. lam an old man, sir. I will tell you confidentially, sir, that my
sleep is very broken, and my appetite has been leaving me lately, l ami
- not very strong, I fear, sir." •'/ :'."
But Holcomb insisted, and finally the old man yielded to him.
"I could not refuse with honor," he said to his friends.
"The choice of ex-Lieutenant Governor Culberson to present the name
of our candidate at the State convention," said the Herald, "is a happy i
one. There is no other figure in our section of the State, or indeed in
the commonwealth, that commands greater respect than our honored and
esteemed fellow-citizen." -
At last the day before the convention came,' and we sent up a special
train with our candidate. In the prospective Governors car, back toward
the rear, sat old "Gov" Culberson, a strange, erect, impassive figure amid,
the clouds of tobacco smoke. That evening he went for a short time with,
the rest through the corridors of the hotel, where the committee head
quarters were, and watched, as he had many times before, the- spirit or
Americanism worshiped with the incense of cigars and mixed drinks. He
did not know many people there now, however, and he went to bed early
for his effort of the morrow. ..f'? 7j • . .
• The: convention of that year was a quiet and harmonious on«, without'
any marked features, and It is perhaps for that reason that I, with many
others, had indelibly fixed in my mind the fine old figure of ex-Governor^
Culberson as he made his little speech of nomination. There were some
little things to regret about the affair— those little things In great occur
rences which are so painful— and the old man winced when the chairman
referred to his former distinguished service as Governor of the State. But
he had himself well in hand for the occasion, and was more a Governor
in appearance than any man on the platform. His broadcloth was perfect,
his linen immaculate and his carriage dignified and proud. He went to
the crisis -of his life like a Culberson and a man. , •....-.-,.. -.
There was some surprise at the start on the part of the northern dele
gates, but it changed into admiration as the old politician made his simple
speech. lie confined himself to a plain, sincere eulogy of the party and
the ability- of the candidate to serve it.
"I am an old man, Mr. Chairman." he said. "I have a feeling—
I may say an assurance, sir — that I shall not be present at another guber
natorial convention. As an individual, sir, I have not been eminent in our
party, but I stand, sir, to-day as the representative of a generation of men
now nearly passed away, whose service has been honorable and distin
guished, and in behalf of them I wish to hand over the welfare of our great
party to your hands. It is a party with a great past; I need not rehearse
to you how great. May its future be as notable and as strong.
"It is perhaps fitting for me, as a man who is about to leave the stage
forever, to introduce to you the man who is about to occupy its center. I
am about to bring before you, gentlemen, a man of great vigor and ability
and conscience— man who Is the unanimous choice of our section of the
. State— your candidate. I need not say more. He is. I venture to pre
dict, your favorite as well as ours, and he does not need my introduction.
The time has. now come, Mr. ' Chairman and gentlemen of the convention,
•for me to bring to a close my little speech— the last I shall make at a
t political gathering. It Is said that it is the great fault of old men Chat they
do not know how to get through, but old men. learn their lessons; as well
as. young. And in closing I wish to propose to you, gentlemen, an old
fashioned sentiment from the bottom of my heart: The dear oKi party,
God bless it, and Miles Holcomb, who will be its candidate and the next
Governor of the State.' " . ".. . :_ : • • ■
The fine old figure stood. erect for a few seconds, while the cheering
arose and died away, then sank back into a chair.
"That," said a gray-haired delegate next to me, "is the stuff we used
- to make Governors of." . • ■
The exercises were pushed forward at a speed which is only obtained
when everything is cut and dried. It was but a short time before the nom
inating was over and Miles Holcomb made his speech of acceptance. It was
a short speech, evidently ready made, and delivered with the schoolboy
gestures" of a man unaccustomed to talking. Yet the resolute face and
bearing of the candidate for Governor showed to the discerning eye, even
under these disadvantages, that he was a man capable of filling the posi
tion with credit.
. Then the minor business of the convention was rushed off, the band
played frantically, and the big body broke into the confusion of leaving.
The platform was crowded with prominent men exchanging greetings or
charging toward the candidate In the center of the stage. .
. Men do not do these things right, as women do. Old "Governor" Cul
berson stood up slowly from his chair at the edge of the platform. No
one paid the slightest attention to him; they were headed toward the
group in the center of the stage. The old man looked uncertainly at the
crowd, then turned slowly, away and started down the platform steps. A
little district telegraph boy, who was at the press tables below, helped him
on with his coat, and watched him with awe as he plodded slowly to the
door. He went straight to the station and took the first train back to his,
empty home. • .
I saw him on. the train. He was crouched in the corner of tha
seat. His hat was drawn down over his eyes, his stock was somewhat
awry and his shirt front was disarranged and rumpled. He was staring
steadily at the back of the seat before him. It was the sort of thing that
a man does not enjoy watching.
spring came in the mountains the war
in Spain gave other and graver business
than acting as a park patrol to the
United States cavalrymen who had
looked after the reservation in former
years, and the owners of sheep in the
San Joaquin Valley were not slow to
take advantage of the chance to steal
pasturage in the territory set aside
"for the recreation of the people." It
was not until the end of June that the
Secretary of the Interior, who has ex
clusive control of the park, had at his
disposal a small fund ($4000) that en
abled him to employ a force of forest
agents to police the premises. Then the
fun began— the fun of man hunting,
which of all forms of the chase is most
likely to afford robust entertainment.
The superintendency of the park was
intrusted by Mr. Bliss to a special in
spector of the Land Office, J. TV. Zevely,
who stationed himself at Wawona, near
the southern border of the reserve,
where the military guard has been in
the habit of camping. Two other spe
cial inspectors, Messrs. Cullom and
Buick, were assigned as assistants to
the superintendent, and the body of the
force consisted of eleven men of the ad
jacent country, most of them having
plenty of the needful experience in
rough mountaineering.
By the time when this patrol, divid
ed into two parties, started on its cam
paign there was scarcely a square mile
of the park that had not been overrun
by sheep. The flocks were everywhere;
up on the highest bench meadows, close
under the everlasting snows, down In
the hidden recesses of the deepest can
yons; creeping along the flanks of the
most precipitous mountains; streaming
in long array through narrow and tor
tuous defiles; clambering over vast
bodies of naked rock lying between the
grass bearing areas. For a baker's
dozen of scouts to follow and discover
these herds, scattered through a terri
tory approaching 1500 square miles in
extent and of an indescribably rugged
character, and to Induce or compel the
herdsmen to remove their flocks beyond
the limits of the park, was a work in
volving a good many of the character
i istics of a lively guerrilla warfare.
J The cunnlngest old sheepherders in
half a dozen counties, men who for ten
or twenty years before the nark was
established had tramped the region un
til they knew every twist and turn it
possessed, had been employed as steers
men for the flocks. No sooner had the
patrol taken the field than word was
passed from sheep camp to sheep camp,
a system of outlooks was created, and
there began a series of rapid shifts and
dodges that was highly creditable to
the herders' knowledge of topography
and to their determination to get the
last possible blade of forbidden grass
before they should be evicted.
But how those fellows did lie! There
was nothing imaginative or picturesque
about their lying, but it was amusing
in its way for sheer baldness of men
dacity. Most of them were Portuguese
or French- Basques, b\it they all spoke
Spanish. Their first little lie was in
variably to profess an utter ignorance
of the English language; but when they
discovered that there was a working
knowledge of both Spanish and French
among the patrol it was comical to no
tice how tiaturally they would "drop
into" fairly fluent Yosemite English.
And their Ignorance of the park! It
was the first time they had come inside
the limits. They had only been In for
a few days. They knew only one way
out— which, singularly enough, was al
ways the longest way.
When these objections and excuses
for delay had been put aside there was
a string of others equally false an 4
equally futile. And then, finding the
uselessness of their petty pretenses,
they would abandon the humbug with
a surprising quickness and wpeak the
truth as if their tongues had never ac
quired facility in Jyine.
It took six weeks of hard scrambling
on horsetUck where possible and afoot
where the animals could not be taken
to make much of an impression on the
quantity of the Invading herds. By the
end of that time about 160,000 sheep had
been expelled, and the more important
central part of the park was fairly free
from such trespassers. But all around
the borders of the reservation the flocks
continued to creep in, and it was not
until late in September, when Troop A
of the Utah Cavalry had replaced the
civilian patrol, that the last of the
sheep men was cantured and ejected.
A Chinese athlete says that the
brains of the duck are the most
strengthening food it Is possible to eat.Tesla`s Latest Wonder
TKSLA'S latest electrical wonder
is out. It Is out because he ba.«
just received patents on It in
this and other countries.
What Tesla proposes to do
now is to transmit almost any amount
of power almost any distance without
wires, and without loss. Although
moving ships at sea may use the sys
tem for propulsion it is mainly intend
ed for use on land.
To illustrate the anticipated results
in the most concrete form it is pro
posed, for instance, that water power
shall generate a great quantity of
electricity on the lower courses of
streams coming from the Sierras; that
this electricity shall be conducted to a
balloon arrangement floating a mile or
two above the earth; that there shall
be in San Francisco a similar balloon
high above the city and that all the
el-'itrical energy conducted to the first
balloon shall pass without loss and
without wires to the balloon over the
city, from which it shall descend to
turn wheels and light lamps, etc.
A secondary result would seem to be
that ships minus boilers and minus
coal shall plow their way from the
Golden Gate to Puget Sound, their
churning propellers being driven by
motors which draw their energy
through the air from stations arranged
every hundred miles or so along the
shore.
This may seem a crazy idea to some
people, but then it was a more crazy
idea once that a man's voice should
be heard 2000 miles away and that a
waterfall should turn a mill a hundred
miles away, and besides Nikola Tesla
says so and he is acknowledged as one
of the very best electric experts in the
country.
In one sense Tesla is a greater wizard
than Edison. They are twin wizards
in the wondrous field of electrical sci
ence, but they are wholly unlike. Edi
son is wholly practical and he cares for
nothing that he cannot make a com
mercial BUCO6S& His spur is not devo
tion to science as it was with FYank-
Ifn, Faraday, Volta, Galvani and the
rest. Tesla is rather Edison's reverse
as a genius. He plunges into electrical
mystery and seeks scientific facts, phe
nomena, laws and principles rather
than patents though he looks uut for
the patents when they are in sight.
Young Tesla has startled the world
about as much as has Edison, but you
d^n't find his name on the patent plates
of as many machines about town. He
made electrical engineers marvel by
smilingly passing a milliun volts of
electricity through his body and he
showed them how to light a room bril
liantly with a simple empty glass tube
which he held In his hand or laid on
the table without any connecting wires.
In various ways he has led the sci
entific world far toward the final mys
tery of this "form of radiation." This
latest advance of his is both scientific
and practical.
"Tesla's Bystem of electric power
transmission through natural media"
is the descriptive title of this latest in
vention of his.
This at once suggests the new tele
graphy without wires, which promises
to be a commercial feature of everyday
life to-morrow or next day, but the one
system is wholly different from the
other.
In the wireless telegraphy an appar
atus sends out in all directions through
air, buildings, earth and water a series
of "Hertzian waves " as a lighthouse
lamp sends out light waves The
length and frequency are regulated
and the receiving apparatus, if adapt
ed to these waves, responds as one
tuning fork will to its like. In this
case the electrical phenomena proceed
in all directions like sound or ripples
from where a stone strikes in the
water.
Tesla, however, proposes to generate
energy at one point and pass it all
Generating Eiectric Energy by Water Power Out in tbe Mountains.
Illustrating the method by Which Electric Power Is Conducted From One Place to
Another Without Wares, The Balloons Act as the Poles of the Dynamos and the Current
Flashes Across Through the Rarefied Air,
without loss through the air direct to
a distant point, where it may be used
for light or power. A comprehension
of his invention depends upon an un
derstanding of "voltage."
An electric current may be large in
quantity and low in intensity or small
in quantity and high in intensity as a
stream of water be large in volume and
slow of motion or may be small and
rapid. A stream of water an inch in
diameter will exert more power than a
small river if the pressure is great
enough:
In handling electricity quantity is re
duced to intensity and the reverse by
means of "transformers." In long-dis
tance transmission of power the energy
is transformed to a high intensity or
voltage and then sent over the wires,
and where it is received it is again
transformed to a lower voltage and
greater quantity for use.
Here is another preparatory Illustra
tion. Most people have seen electric
sparks Jump from one brass ball to
another in electrical apparatus. The
distance these sparks will jump de
pends not on the amount of electricity
generated but on its Intensity or volt-
age.
Now, there are two things which
mainly underlie Tesla's new scheme.
One is the production of voltages be
fore hardly dreamed of, ani the other
is the increased conductivity of the air
,when it is rarefied as it is at high alti
tuftes.
Up to date 15,000 volts has been the
measure of the intensity at which elec
tric power has been transmitted over
copper wires, though now they are
talking of doubling it. Tesla proposes
to transmit it without wires at 2,500,000
volts or more. At this voltage a given
quantity transmitted would produce
about 200 times the ordinary amount of
power when reduced with transform
ers. .
It Is a well-known laboratory fact
that rarefied air is a conductor of elec
tricity, though one of much resistance.
The Crookes tubes of X ray fame de
pend on this principle. "With one sweep
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 189 S.
DIAGRAM ILLUSTRATING PRINCIPLE OF
TESLA'S RtCEIVER OF ELECTRIC
POWER.
C I—Primary1 — Primary coll-
A1 — Secondary coil.
0 i Receiving terminal supported by balloon.
L M— Lamps and motors energized by transmitted
current.
Tesla takes this principle from the
laboratories where, only, men have put
it to use, and goes up to the clouds
with it He produces a wonderful volt
age that will Jump an enormous dis
tance in every-day air, and proposes to
take it in balloons up to where the air is
a sort of natural Crook.es tube. In auch
an altitude it will Jump long distances
to another terminal, he says, the layer
of heavy air below being a non-con
ductor and resisting It like the rubber
wrapping of a wire, for ordinary air is
not a good conductor.
Tesla is the pioneer of high voltages.
Some time ago he invented an "oscilla
tor " a purely Tesla contrivance, for
this purpose. He has been making
them bigger and bigger and his last one
gets up to 2,500,000 volts. The accom
panying illustration shows his latest
oscillator in action.
The diagrams illustrate the theory of
the apparatus. In the transmitting ap
paratus A is an insulated high tension
coll about a magnetic core. C is a
second coil of larger wire. The ter
minals of both coils are shown. G is
the generator or source of current. D
is a balloon acting as a terminal itself
or a terminal supported by a balloon
to which the current passes. The cur
rent is supposed to pass through the
rarefied upper air from D to Dl, a re
ceiving balloon at a great distance.
The primary and secondary coils of the
receiving apparatus are the reverse of
the transmitter. L and M indicate
lamps and motors to be energized by
the transmitted current.
In the long descriptive text accom-
Tesla's model transformer
or "oscillator" in action whjen
creating an effective elec
trical pressure of two and a
half million volts. The ac
tual width of space traversed
by the luminous streams fron)
the single terminal is over
sixteer) feet.
panying the inventor's application for
a patent it is said that the invention
comprises a novel method for the
transmission of electrical energy with
out the employment of metallic line
conductors, but the results arrived at
are of such character and magnitude
as compared with any heretofore se
cured as to render indispensable the
employment of means and the utiliza
tion of effect! essentially different in
their chara .eristics and actions from
those before used or investigated.
The systems depend, he says, on "ex
clusively high pressures," but he has
devised means to generate with safety
and ease pressures measured by mil
lions of volts. Then he states some
thing that electrical engineers know
mighty little about. He says:
"F^rst, that with electrical pressures
of the magnitude and character which
I have made it possible to produce, the
ordinary atmosphere becomes, in
a measure, capable of servine as a true,
conductor; se-nd, that the conduc
tivity of the air increases so materi
ally with the increase of electrical
pressure and degree of rarefaction that
it becomes possible to transmit
through even moderately rarefied
strata of the atmosphere electrical en
ergy up to practically any amount and
to any distance."
If Tesla can bring electrical energy
through the air in "any amount and to
any distance" he can get a big contract
out here in California next week. But
for all anybody knows we will soon be
sending up balloons about the bay to
catch the thunderbolts hurled from
balloons away in the mountains, and
be laughing at the poor colliers that
will have to go into the lumber trade.
"If there be high mountains in the
vicinity," says Mr. Tesla, "the termin
als should be at a greater height."
Electrical engineers seen yesterday
declined to discuss this wonderful prop
osition for publication Just yet, but said
that they had no doubt that something
of the sort would be done one of thesu
days. It is, in fact, quite likely that
future generations will look back with
curious interest on theße days where
people used poles and wires for elec
tricity and pictures and samples will
be stowed In museums like old armor
and the first steam engines.
Mr. Tesla's Invention for handling
vessels at sea without there being any
body on board differs slightly
from the apparatus for trans
mitting power across land with
out the use of wires. In the
latter the principle of overcoming re
sistance by placing the electrode high
In air where there is little resistance is
made use of. Just what principle is
used In the movement of vessels is not
clearly explained in the telegraphic re
ports from the Inventor, but it would
appear to be some application of the
DIAGRAM ILLUSTRATING THE PRINCIPLE
OF TESLA'S TRANSMITTER OF ELEC
TRIC POWER.
A — Primary coil.
C — Secondary coil.
G — Source of electrical energy.
D — Terminal supported by balloon.
principle that causes an X ray to glow
even when removed several feet from
the static machine. But whatever it
is it is one of the greatest wonders of
the age and surely destined to revolu
tionize warfare.
In speaking of his ship moving and
handling invention Tesla said:
"Hitherto the only means of control
ling the movements of a vessel from a
distance have been supplied through
the medium of a flexible conductor,
such as an electric cable, but this sys
tem is subject to obvious limitations,
such as are imposed by the length,
weight and- strength of the conductor
which can be practically used; by the
difficulty of maintaining with safety
the high speed of the vessel or chang
ing the direction of her movements
with rapidity; the necessity of effect-
Ing the control from a point which Is
practically fixed, and from many other
drawbacks which are inseparably con
nected with such a system.
"The plan which I have perfected In
volves none of these obiections, for I
am enabled by the use of my invention
to employ any means of propulsion to
impart to the moving body or vessel
the highest possible speed, to control
the operation of its machinery and to
direct its movements from either a
fixed point or from a body moving and
changing its direction, however rapid
ly, and to maintain this control over
great distances without any artificial
connections between the vessel and the
apparatus governing Its movements,
and without such restrictions as these
must necessarily impose."
SIX POLAR
EXPEDITIONS.
Mr. Wellmon's Polar Expedition,
Mr. Welimun's ship, the Fridtjof, has
returned from Franz Josef Land, bring
ing news of the expedition down to Au
gust 2. Writing to us on that date, the
leader announced the landing of his
party at Cape Tegetthoff, and his pro
posed start for the north a few days
later. The voyage to Franz Josef Land
had been a successful one. After ten
days in the ice Cape Grant was reached
on July 27, Cape Flora on the 28th. Here
the ship was turned back by ice, reach
ing Cape Tegetthoff on the 30th, after
which the tour of "Wilczek and Salm
islands was made before the final land
ing was effected. A house, named
"Harmsworth House," as the inner
shell was taken from Cape Flora, had
been erected at Cape Tegetthoff, but, In
spite of the temptation to winter there,
Mr. Wellman hoped to be able to adhere
to his original plan and push north
ward to Crown Prince Rudolf Land,
wintering there in an improvised hut of
stones and snow. The house at Cape
Tegetthoff would be of use to fall back
upon in case of need.
Germap Expedition to the Arctic Seas.
The Heligoland, Captain Rudiger,
with the German Arctic expedition un
der Herr Theodor Lerner on board, re
turned in August to Hammerfest with
out having discovered any traces of
Andree's expedition. Some geographical
work has been accomplished in the
neighborhood of Kong Karls hand,
which, according to published state
ments, was round to consist of three
islands, viz.: Swedish foreland, Jena
Th« Saroe Force Made to Run Factories, Street Cars «r;d Electrtq
Lights in a City Miles Away.
Island, and a third lying in the centerj
which was named August Scherl, aftetf
the promoter of the expedition. This is
at variance with the account of Arnold
Pike, who, it will be remembered, main-}
tamed that there is but one island inj
addition to Swedish foreland, whicffl
last is not usually included under th«
name of Kong Karls Land. In spite oZ.
much ice and unfavorable weather, a
passage was forced by fhe Heligoland}
round the eastern coast of the islands,;
and a latitude of 81 degrees 32 minuteaj
reached, via the east coast of North-I
east Land, the pack ice then preventing]
further advance. Successful dredgin*
operations were carried out to the north)
and east in depths of over 600 fathom^
In August Scherl Island, the breeding
grounds of the ivory gull, were meft
with.
Swedish Andres Search Expedition.
Quoting from the Aftonbladet oi
Stockholm, the Mouvement Geograph-j
ique (August 21) announced the arrivafl
of M. Stadllng, leader of the Andre*
search expedition, at the mouth of th«
Lena. The expedition had visited thai
New Siberian Islands, as also th«
neighborhood of the Anabara and Indi-j
girka rivers, without finding a trace o»
the missing explorer. M. Stadling was
about to proceed to the Taimyr Pen
insula, en route for the Yenesei. Thd
same paper also announced that tha
Norwegian navigator, M. Braekmoe.
had undertaken a journey to the Ne\*
Siberian Islands in order to find ou<
whether the provisions left by Baron
yon Toll remain intact, but from a re
cent telegram it would seem that ha
has returned without accomplishing
his object.
Lieutenant Peary's Expedition.
The steamer Hope, w.hich took coal
and other supplies northward for Lieu-*
tenant Peary's expedition, returned!
from Greenland at the end of August
having parted from the Windward a<
Port Foulke, at the entrance to Smith
Sound. Lieutenant Peary, writing to
us from Etah, August 13, states that
the season as far north as Cape Sabinq
is a late one; he was just starting fos
the attack on Kane Basin and tha
channel above. So far his plans had
progressed favorably. He had on
board ten picked Eskimo (five couples),
about sixty dogs, and the carcasses oi
sixty walrus.
Polar Exploration With Ice Breakers.
At a recent meeting of the Russian!
Geographical Society Admiral MakarofC
submitted a proposal of reaching th«
pole by means of powerful ice-breakers^
Steamers specially built for breaking;
the ice were first resorted to in Russia!
in 1864 by the engineer, Britneff, fon
breaking the ice at Kronstadt. Lateljj
ice-breakers have been very much im^
proved in the United States, where tha
happy idea of providing steamers ofl
that sort with twin screws at the stern,
and a third screw at the stem, has
proved to considerably increase theifl
breaking powers. More recently power-J
ful ice-breakers have been constructed
in the States and in England by Arm
strong for Russia, for transporting the
trains of the Siberian railway across
Lake Baikal, and for keeping the port
of Vladivostok clear of ice. Experli
ments were made with such steamers*
and altogether the theory of ice*
breakers was worked out. It appear^
that on the American lakes the ice-«
breaker Ste. Marie, 3000 horsepower,
armed with a screw at the stem, easily
makes her way through ice two and a
half feet thick, and pierces, when
necessary, ice walls fifteen to twent^
feet high; and Russian engineers have
calculated that, in order to sail through)
quite sound ice, twelve feet thick, an
ice-breaker of 52,000 horsepower would
be required.
Mr. Borchererinck's Expedition.
Mr. Borchgrevinck's Antartic expedi*
tlon sailed on August 22 on the Souths
em Cross, and its safe arrival at Sty
Vincent has since been announced.
2526
SOCIETY
RIDING is to be the popular j
amusement of the gay set dur- ,
ing the winter months, and j
much interest is manifested in (
the riding class which is b<
formed. The "ring" at the San Fran-
Riding «'lub will resound gayly
with the chatter and laughter of merry
lads and lassies on Thursday nights
throughout the .season.
The officers of the club are: W imam ;
M. Lent, president; Wilfrid B. Chap
man vice president: .J. Dalzell Brown,
secretary, and George H. Buckingham,
treasurer.
The directors are: Baron J. H. yon
Schroeder, Vanderlyn Stow. Mrs. Fan- j
nic Lent, Miss V. A. Farquharson and j
Samuel Knight. And the list of mem
bers includes the names of Mr. and
]Mrs. Henry J. Crocker, Mr. and Mrs.
Walter Hobart. Mrs. G. D. Strickland,
Mr. and Mrs. Webster Jones, Mr. and
Mrs. Downey Harvey. Mrs. W. J. Dut
ton, Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Knight, -Miss
Romie Wallace, -Miss Mary Kip, Miss
Ethel Murphy, Miss Ella Morgan,
George A. Newnall, Eugene Lent, Ward
McAllister, James D. Phelan, Major
Rathbone, E. M. Greenway and many
others.
* * •
There has been a dearth of weddings
this past week, the brides having sub
sided apparently in order to give the
debutantes an inning. Teas, dinners
and luncheons, with an occasional the
ater party, have furnished the chief di
versions of the week. Yesterday was
a red letter day in local swelldom, it
having been marked by two very fash
ionable teas.
Mrs. George A. Pope was hostess at
one of these, at her residence, iITLV. Pa
cific avenue. A constant stream of
smartly growned maids and matrons
passed in and out of her handsome
rooms during the afternoon. She was
assisted in receiving by Mrs. F. A.
Frank. Mrs. D. T. Murphy. Miss Tay
lor. Miss Flora Low, the Misses Hop
kins. Miss Bowie, Mis.s Friedlander,
Miss Casserly and Miss Anna Head.
The other tea war given by Mrs. Al
fred Stewart Tubbs at her resid<
I'lJ6 Broadway. Her rooms were taste
fully decorated with chr; anthemums,
roses aud violets, and sh<- was as£
in receiving by Mrs. William Tubbs,
Mrs. Austin Tubbs, Mrs. Joseph < >ys
ler, Mrs. Charles Tuttle, Mrs. George
Tallant, Miss Goad, Miss Hoggs, Miss
Mamie Harrington and ?" .s Louise
Harrington.
Mrs. A. H. Lough borough g _ye an en
joyable dinner party at her residence
on O'Farrell street on Tuesday even
ing, November s, in honor of her debu
tante daughter, Miss Josephine Lough
borough. The rooms were beautifully
decorated with flowers. Those invited
to meet Miss Loughborough were:
Mr. and Mrs. William Robinson
■Whittier, Miss Gertrude Carroll, Miss
Therese Morgan, Miss Eli ab^th Zane,
Miss FannK> Loughborough. Miss Ethel
Keeney, Miss Kate Thornton Salisbury,
Miss Susan Blanding, Miss Olive Hol
brook, Baron Alexander yon Schtf
Edward M. Greenway, A. D. Keyes,
George E. Hall, Walter Leonard Uean,
Clement Tobin, Lawrence Van Winkle,
W. B. Sanborn, Frederick A. Green
vood and George Loughborough.
Mr. and Mrs. Homer S. Kinf gave a
dinner party recently at their residence,
1001 Leavenworth street, to Mr. and
Mrs. George Crocker and Mr. and Mrs,
George A. Childs of New York.
• » *
The third gathering of the Saturday
Fortnightly Cotillon Club was neiu
Golden Gate Hall Saturday evening, No
vember 0. and was equally as enjoyable
as the previous ones. Miss Alys Miller
was assisted by the patronesses, Mrs, W.
J. Dutton, Mrs. A. E. Dickens. Mis.s Mary
B. West and Mrs. E. B. Farns worth.
The Clnderellas have decided to give
two or three parties this season. The first
one will take place on Wednesday even
fas, the 30th inst.. at Native Sons' Hall,
and will be an assembly.
Next Friday evening Mrs. Georg
Barstow will give a reception at her resi
dence, 927 Pine street, to celebrate the an
niversary of the. birth of Mrs. Mills,
president of Mills College.
The next meeting of the Saturday Fort
nightly Cotillon Club will be on Novem
ber 19.
Mrs. James K. Wilson and Miss Wilson
have sent out cards for a tea to be given
at their residence. 3196 Pacific avenu
Saturday, November 19, from 5 until 7
o'clock.
• • •
Mrs. Samuel Knight and Miss Olive
Holbrook will give a matinee tea from
4 until 6 o'clock on Saturday next at their
home, on the northwest corner of Van
Ness avenue and Washington street
The Friday Fortnightly Club will have
its next cotillon at Cotillon Hall on the
evening of November 18.
• * •
The engagement Is announced of Miss
Ethel Cook, daughter of Mrs. Horace
Nelson Cook, to Sterling Postleigh, son of
Captain Clarence Postleigh of New York
City. The wedding will take pla" on
Wednesday, the 30th of November, at the
pretty villa of the bride's mother at Bel
vedere.
• * •
Now that the war, wlfich partly
stemmed the tide of tourists that usually
cross the water In June and July la over,
many arc picking up their traps and do
parting Europe-ward. Among those who
have already bade farewell to San Fran
cisco or expect soon to do so are Mr. and
Mrs. C. August Spreckels and Miss Lur
line Spreckels.' who are now in New York,
expecting to sail for Europe on November
15; Mr. and Mrs. A. P. Hotaiing Jr.. who
are staying at the Palace Hotel prior to
theJr departure for Europe; Mr. and Mrs.
Oscar Luning and Mrs. D. M. Delmas and
Miss Delmae, who are at present in New-
York, en route to the continent.
• * *
Senator and Mrs. John P. Jones of
Santa Monica and Miss Marion Jones will
leave shortly for Washington, D. C.
Miss Ella Goodall leaves soon for • New
York, where she will spend the . winter
' with ■ her - mother. • ■ -«JSteasSSgasa^ggfS**s?S2
Miss - Ella Bender .■ and Miss Josephine
f'y
! Hanlon will also soon be birds of passage ;
eastward.
Miss Edith Mcßean left yesterday for
New York for a month's visit.
• * »
Across the bay affairs social are boom
ing and the indications are that the win
1 tt :• there will be much gayer than on
. this side of the water.
Yesterday a very charming tea was
given ai Etnemere, Fruitvale. the home
of Mrs. Valentine Goldsmith Hush. She
was assisted in doing the honors by Mrs.
Thomas Magee Jr.. Mrs. William Adam
Magee, Miss Jean Mary Hush and Miss
Florence Beall Hush.
A very delightful engagement dinner
was given recently by Mr*. H. K. Belden
at her home in Oakland, in honor of Miss
Abbie Clift and Irving Lundborg, Miss
Grace Gorill and Oscar Gowing. The table
dr< -orations consisted of a center piece of
roses, surrounded by candelabra with
white shades, and at each corner four
hearts of ,pink sweet peas. The hearts
\\ ■re tied together with ribbons. The
menu cards were also hearts, tied togeth
er with lovers' knots, and on the chairs
of the engaged maidens were tied large
bunches of bride roses.
• • *
An Oakland engagement of interest is
that of Miss Ethel Bates, youngest
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Charles Bates,
to Herbert Lee of Portland, Or.
• • •
On Friday, November 4, the marriage of
Miss Jessie B. Tandy, daughter of Dr.
and Mrs. George Tandy of 725 California
street, and Herbert L. McCollum, son of
Mr. and Mrs. Charles MdCollum of 1503
Washington street, was solemnized. Only
relatives of the bride and groom were
present.
Harry Stokes, one of the members of
the linn of Somers & Co., was quietly
married last week to Mrs. Wilhelmina
Quirk, at her home in Hope, Idaho. After
a brief honeymoon trip Mr. and Mrs.
Stokes came to this city, where they will
in future reside.
The marriage was a surprise to many
of Mr. Stokes' friends, no public an
nouncement of the engagement having
been made.
Mrs. E. Dolliver, who was formerly
Mrs. ML J. Taisen, has returned from her
Eastern trip and is located at 135 Larkin
At St. Marys Cathedral last Wednesday
at high noon <"harles Schmaling and Miss
Mary Fenlon were united in marriage by
Rev. Father Joseph McQuade of Holy
Cross church. Richard Montgomery of
Sacramento was the groomsman, while
Miss Nellie Fenlon, a sister of the bride,
acted as bridesmaid. Only the nearest
relatives of both parties were present. A
reception followed, and the happy couple
left on the afternoon train for a trip
through the southern part of the State.
On their return they will reside at 2036
Leavenworth street. ■
The wedding of Charles L. Hubbard of
Los Angeles and Miss Grace E. Corwin,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. G. B. Corwin,
will take place next Thursday evening at
a quarter before a in the Emmanuel Bap
tist Church.
• * ♦
Kathryne Kerens and Captain Frank
Bornemann McKenna will be married
Tuesday next at St. Louis. Mass. Captain
McKenna is the son of Hon. Joseph Mc-
K< nna of the United Statos Supreme
Court.
•* • •
The young ladies of Mill Valley gave a
most successful entertainment on Satur
day evening last.
H. J. Cox rendered a violin solo which
was well received. C. W. Colby amused
young and old by some clever charcoal
sketches. Miss Parva Sandelin gave a
vocal solo. By special request Miss Puss
McClure of San Francisco gave a fancy
dance. The event of the evening was a
military drill by th<- Mill Valley Volun
teers. The following yuung ladies par
ticipated: Miss Josephine T. Lenhart,
Miss Sarah E. Boyle. Miss Jessie M. Def
fenbach, Miss Teresa Thompson, Miss
Helena Sandelin, Miss Teresa Hark, Miss
I. aura Lenhart, Miss May LJeffenbach,
Miss Puss McClure. Miss Charotelle B.
Lenhart. Miss Georgina Gardner, Miss
Qenevieve Roberts; mascot. Miss Lottie
Ankers; pianlste. Miss Maud Harris. The
intricate drill was executed with spirit,
rhythm and perfect time, in which ail
wire specially good.
Refreshments and dancing followed.
About $7") was netted, which will be de
voted to charity.
• • -4
Aii entertainment for the benefit of St.
Stephen' 8 Mission will be given on the
evening of November 14 at Devisadero
Hall, DeviKiidero street. A number of
Gibson pictures, arranged by John Haus
man, and <i musical programmme under
the direction of Mrs. Malgrine wiM bo
presented. The evening will conclude
with dancing.
Borromean Council No. 139, Young Men's
Institute, will give an entertainment and
social at Mission Opera Hall on Thursday
evening. November 17.
•Miss Madge Cespford entertained La
Vicnte Whist Club on Thursday evening,
November 10. After a very exciting con
test Clem Rouse won the first prize and
D. H. Beede took the consolation one.
The members of "Our Outing Club"
met at the residence of the Misses Sadie
and Charlotte Cross. 2693 Mission street,
last Thursday evening. The entertain
ment consisteo " music, recitations and
dancing, after which the guests ad
journed to the banquet room.
Among those present were: Miss Gus
sie Morehousc, Miss Pearl Lund, Miss
Lane, Miss Duncan, Miss Woraen, the
Misses Pollie and Emmie Knight, the
Misses Sadie, Charlotte and Lillian
Cross. Mrs. George B. Ferguson, Mrs. H.
W. Melendy, Mrs. M. A. Cross. Mrs. Mar
tin. Mrs. Charles Stanley. Mrs. Cleve,
Mrs. Brown, George B. Ferguson. Jack
Malley, William Collins, David Walton,
Charles Stanley, Ed Aubrey, Mr. Thomp
son. Mr. Calinan, Mr. Lowe. Mr. Drake.
H. YV. Melendy. Walter Stanley. Bert
Stanley, Frank Martin. George H. Cross,
J. Ed Cross and Charles M. Cross.
The Cosmopolitan Whist Club was en
tertained Saturday night by Drs. J. W.
and Dora M. Hamilton at their parlors In
the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
• * •
The seventh assembly and german of
the Cotillon Club '99 was held at Sher
man & Clay's Hal! Friday evening No
vember 4, and was a very enjoyable af
fair. Two very pretty figures were
THE &AIS FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1893.
danced, George T. Montgomery leading
with Miss Annie Gerlach. Those in the
first set were Robert Schord and Miss
Belle Herzer, Bernard Ph. Gleason and
Miss Minnie Strehl, Bruce W. Large and
Miss Lulu Lurch, Leslie I. Coggins and
Miss Florence Meyers, Boyd Howe and
Miss Hattle Henrix, Joseph P. Lavin and
Miss Rose Canvan, "William Schord and
Miss Daisy Pabst, Allen Ferguson and
Miss Maud Pabst.
Robert E. Tracey, one of the club s
foremost members, left on the 18th for a
trip to Central America.
Miss Marian Bentley, the charming
young pianist who is soon to take up her
residence in New York. will, until her de
parture, reside at the Baldwin Hotel. Her
cousin. Mrs. Harrison, is with her.
• • •
Miss Mac Curley left here on the 2d
for Providence, R. 1., to attend the wed
ding of her cousin, which took place in
that city on Wednesday last. Miss Cur
ley expects to remain in the East during
the winter.
A theater party was given on Saturday
last at the Baldwin by Miss Sue Healey.
At the conclusion of the play Miss Hea
ley entertained her guests at dinner at
the Hotel Pleasanton. Her guests were
the Misses Hazel Hooker. Delphine Jen
nings, Mabel Hooker. Marguerite Duffi ••,
Muriel Worth. Lolo Tevis. Genevieve El
liot, Lloyd Tevis, Hanoi Howe, Ben Wil
lis. Ed Lochwln, Merrill Osgood. George
Grantly, Stanley Cole and p:mery Cog
gins. Mrs. Dr. Ruthland chaperoned the
party.
A delightful reception was held Satur
day evening at the new home of Mr. and
Mrs. Philip Brady. Their new home was
beautifully d.-corated with the choicest
flowers of the season. At midnight a
supper was serveu. Those present were:
Mr. and Mrs. Philip Brady, Mrs. M.
O Reilly, Colonel Walter A. Rodgers, Miss
Rodgers. Mr. and Mrs. 'xhomas Brady,
Walter Geimann, Mr. and Mrs. Trainor,
Professor Rafael Serano, Francis Arlada,
Air. Savara. Mr. and Miss Kerrigan, Dr.
Waldo Poole, Miss M. Ruddy, Richard
Brady, the Misses Joyce. J. Connell, Au
gust Geimann, Cornelius O'Reilly, Ed
ward Brady, William Brady, Mr. and
Mrs. Sheehan and Mr. Renwick.
The third meeting of the Sans Souce
Whist club was held at the residence of
Miss Alice Ambler, 2004 Larkin street, on
Friday evening, November 4. After a
well contested game the prizes were
awarded to Miss Sadie Robinson and
Arthur Schmidt.
• * *
Mrs. C. Roundey gave a tea recently
to six of Jier artist friends at her studio
on the corner of Fulton and Steiner
streets. It was an Informal affair. The
decorations were confined to autumn
loaves. The invited guests were: Miss
Nellie Fay, Miss Sawtell, Miss Nora O.
Cashin, Miss Martha L. Johnson and
Miss Jefcsie. Briggs, Miss Grace A. Robin-
son.
Mrs. W. W. Ross has just returned
from an extended tour throughout the
East. She has taken apartments at the
Hotel Alexander, 731 Sutter street, and
will be pleased to see her friends Tuesday
afternoons.
Mrs. C. C. Keene and her daughters, the
Misses Rose and Jeannette Keene, will
be at home to their friends this afternoon
from 2 until 5 oVlork.
The pupils of W. W. Anderson's danc
ing academy will give a fancy dress and
domino party on Thanksgiving night, No
vember 24, at Saratoga Halt, 814 Geary
street.
and Mrs. Sandman announce the
engagement of their daughter Etta to
Morris Marks of this city.
Mrs. Beseie Scott Pirie will shortly
leave for Manila to join her husband, Cor
poral Pirie, of the First Tennessee Regi
ment.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Pearl King and B. Alexander. They will
receive at 1011 Alice street, Oakland, to
day, from 2 to 5 o'clock.
The initial party of the third season of
the Fin de Siecle Whist Club was held
on Thursday night, at the home of Miss
Lilian Beauman, 1311 Gough street. After
three spirited games the first prizes were
awarded to Miss Faith Gambitz and A.
W Morgan and the consolation prizes to
Miss Ida Wolfe and Ed Whitney. The
members are: Miss J. Hromada, J. H.
Wheeler, Miss Susie Logan, T. R. Jones,
J. C. Crooks, Miss B. L. Gambitz, F. A.
West, Miss L. Beauman, E. W. Gates,
H. W. Morgan, Miss J. Clabrough,
George French, L. E. Phillips, Miss Part
ridge, W. B. Burner, Miss Faith Gambitz,
Ed Whitney. Miss Ida Wolfe, D. Boyer,
Miss A. Vellguth, L. R. Gambitz, A. J.
Kennedy, Miss Alice Partridge and O.
Poillschbnn.
TEASING
The Bridal Couple.
I'LL, have some fun with that couple
when we get into the tunnel about
five miles ahead," said a young man
who occupied half of my seat in a
railway car.
It was easy to tell that they were
bride and groom. They had been es
corted to the station by a crowd of ad
miring and boisterous acquaintances,
whose observations while the train was
waiting left no doubt that their friends
had just been launched on the sea of
matrimony. More than that, the bridy
appearance of the woman and the
blushing bashfulness of her big com
panion were enough to proclaim their
relationship.
The whole carload of passengers be
trayed a deep interest in the pair, as
was but natural, for few spectacles af
ford more amusement to onlookers than
the antics of a newly wedded couple.
I must admit that the two in ques
tion behaved extremely well. Beyond
some occasional admiring looks from
each to the lother, and the purchase by
the husband of some caramels from the
train boy fojr his bride, nothing of mo
ment happened.
"How will you have fun with them in
the tunnel?" I asked.
"You'll see," he replied. "Prepare to
enjoy yourself."
When the train entered the tunnel all
was quiet except for the noise made by
the motion of the cars.
Presently the silence was broken by
the sound of a big, hearty kiss.
It came from the direction of the
bridal couple.
The kiss was greeted by a general tit
ter. When the passengers had got
quiet again a masculine voice was
heard to ask:
"Whose 'ittle birdie is 'oo?"
"I'se my own 'ittle boy's birdie," came
the reply in sweetly feminine tones.
Both question and answer came from
the direction of the wedding party, and
the conversation was followed by a
roar of laughter from the passengers.
Then followed a perfect avalanche of
kisses, -mixed with the laughter of such
of the passengers as were not newly
married, until the train left the tunnel
and rushed out into the daylight.
The passengers tried to compose their
faces and look solemn, but every pair
of eyes was on the bridegroom and his
bride, and the blushes on the young
woman's cheeks grew redder and red
der. The man seemed to be angry. He
arose and frowned at everybody.
His wife pulled his coattail and said,
in a low tone, "Nate, dear!"
He heeded her not, except to pull his
coat from her grasp. Glaring around
the car, his glance went from side to
side. Then he walked down the aisle,
and his portentous frown made my
seat mate's knees wobble a little, but
he looked the irate agriculturist square
in the eyes, and the man passed down
the aisle, talking as he went.
"I'd give $5 to find the rascal who did
all that lallagaggin' in the tunnel," he
declared. "If he's a man he'll come
right out and let me have a crack at
him. It's a blamed shame that two re
spectable people can't get married an'
go on their bridal tour without bein'
insulted, an' I can lick the man who
did it."
"Nate, dear.'" called out his new wife.
Imploringly.
"Don't hinder mo, Sade." he replied.
"I want to diskiver the scoundrel."
When he stopped speaking and once
more took a ferocious survey of the
occupants of the car a little fellow on
the last seat asked:
•So you've just been married, have
you, Mr. Huckleberry?"
"My name isn't Huckleberry," said
the big farmer, as he strode down to
the little man and shook his fist in his
face.
The little fellow never flinched. He
didn't even rise, but replied, as cool as
you please:
"I didn't suppose that was your name,
but as I didn't know what your name
was I thought Huckleberry would an
swer for the occasion. So you've just
been married, eh? How nice! I would
not have thought it if you hadn't been
so kind to tell me."
The passengers laughed again, and I
expected to see the big countryman
strike the little man, but he did not. He
shook his fist again and left him.
After he had taken his seat by "Sade"
I went back to the little man and
asked:
"Why did you take up that ventrilo
quist's quarrel?
"Ventriloquist's quarrel?" he replied
"Why, I was just having a little fun
with the bridegroom on my own ac
count."
"But they didn't do anything. All
that kissing and talking came from a
ventriloquist three seats back of them.'.'
"Ah! You don't say! Well, I'm some
ADVERTIS'SMENTS.
B+B-'-B+H+H+B+B+H+B+B+B+ll+B+B+S+E+B+B+B+B+B4^B+H+^
Ipportune Offerings of Extraordinary Value !
@®®®<SXs>®®:B>®®®^
The unexampled magnitude of our splendid Fall and Winter Stock of Dry
Goods and Cloaks and our ambition to make each week's business surpass the
preceding one impel us to make an offering, in the very height of the selling sea-
son, of the newest and choicest productions throughout every department at
Prices That Will Prove Irresistible to Discerning Buyers!
COLORED DRESS GOODS.
At 25C.
1 case 36-INCH ALL-WOOL LADIES'
CLOTH, in garnets, navys, brown and
Napoleon blue, good value for 50c a
yard, on special sale at 25c a yard.
At 2Oc.
110 pieces 37-INCH FIGURED DRESS
GOODS, raised effects, latest color-
ings, worth 40c a yard; on special sale
at 20c a yard.
At 250.
79 pieces 37-INCH DRESS GOODS in
shaded, mottled and figured weaves,
wi>rth 60c a yard, on special sale at 25c
a yard.
At 6OC.
51 pieces 54-INCH MIXED KERSEY
sVITING, value for 75c a yard, will
be offered at 50c a yard.
At $LSO.
22 pieces T.6-INCH ALL WOOL CHECKED
AND PLAID COVERT SUITING, fine
value for $2 a yard, will be offered at
$1 50 a yard.
LINING DEPARTMENT.
Everything that Is new and desirable in
DRESS LININGS. We Invite an .in-
spection of our new stock and offer the
following SPECIAL for one day only:
10 pieces FAST BLACK MOIRE AN-
TIQUE DRESS LINING, 34 Inches
wide, at lOc yard.
NOTION DEPARTMENT.
JET AND COLORED. CUBE PINS. 100
count, 5c each.
100. gross PURE WHITE AND PERFECT
PEARL BUTTONS, sizes, 16 to 24 line,
special price lOc card of two dozen.
CABINET HAIR PIN BOXES, full count,
100 pins, 5c box.
3-lnch HORN HAIR PINS in Shell, Am-
ber and Black, at lOc dozen.
[F[J Murphy Bulldlnsr, J
Mariet ani Jies Streets.
thing of a ventriloquist myself. Sit
down a minute."
I sat down and presently there came
from the seat I had just left, and ap
parently from my fun-loving seat mate,
these words:
'I humbly beg the pardon of this
worthy bridal pair for what was a
simple piece of ventriloquistic mischief,
and declaretthem innocent of such pub
lic exhibitions of affection as I palmed
off on them in the tunnel."
The gaze of all the occupants of the
car was now directed toward the orig
inal author of the mischief, and such
A SOCIETY BUD`S GOSSIP
DEAREST Marguerite: We have
reaped the usual aftermath of a
week of unalloyed pleasure. The
reaction was stronger than ordi
narily, and threatened to completely
inundate us all. The "blues" reigned su
preme, r.o one questioning their authority.
One after another the girls succumbed to
them. Home of us protested feebly and
tried to shake things up.
We did not make a howling success of
it. Last week my dose of society was a
sweet long one. This week when I cried
for more the Dame simply gave me the
empty spoon to lick. There was nothing
to do but buoy up our sinking spirits with
the memory of what has been and the
hope of what is to come.
I have had enough beauty sleep to last
me all winter. There was no need of
staying up until 9 so as to be in evidence
should one of the eligibles call. The men
had no thoughts for us. They were busy
doing politics. I am afraid politics did
some of them. I heard Dick strike papa
for a check, so I followed suit and Mabel
doubled up on both our requests. He
gave them without a murmur. Dick knew
something, but what it was I could not
find out. I think papa must have won
on the election and Dick heard of it, and
as a reward fur silence demanded some
of the winnings. For mamma objects
strenously to betting, in fact she does not
recognize the term — calls it gambling. I
say if you win its betting, if you lose its
gambling.
Harry Holbrook is elected School Direc
tor. When the duties of the position begin
to look formidable he'll probably wish he
were well out of it. There's no "king's
ex" in the political game, so he'll have lo
bear it until the bitter end. However, he
can serve as a noble warning to other
foolish swains who would desert our pret
ty frolics for the political fray.
I went out just three times the entire
week— a tea, a dinner and a card party.
It doesn't sound exciting, does it? l-uit it
j was, especially the card party. Thoi g.!
I the party came last, it stands rirst in my
i week's happenings.
Edna Dickons was hostess, and both she
and her sister Helen looked very, very
pretty. The other girls were: Addie
Dibble, Gertie Bates, Mollie Hind, May
Crowell, Wanda Barstow, Marion Har
rison, Cordie Smith and Carrie Ayers.
The other sex was represented by Henry
i Dibble, Dan Belden, Will Smith, Isaac
Upham and the three Jones boys. I never
can remember their first names, but we
all call them "Jones, Jones and Jones,"
the world-famed musical trio. They
really play remarkably well— that is, their
musical instruments — they do not shine so
conspicuously playing cards. If there had
been a booby prize it wouicl have been a
! triplet, and Jones, Jones and Jones would
I have been the recipients.
Addie Dibble and Mr. Upham carried off
the spoils. Addie won a silver writing
portfolio and Mr. Upham a silver stein.
The intricacies of the portfolio had to be
explained to Addie, but Mr. Upham han
dled his stein as though he had been there
before.
The game was progressive hearts, and
we all enjoyed the evening immensely. We
all knew each other so well — away back in
the dim ages I think some of us made
mud pies together— that everything went
off with a flourish.
The dinner was also a very pleasant af
SILK DEPARTMENT.
At 75C.
30 yards BLACK FIGURED AND BROCADED
SATIN, small and medium designs, good
value for fl, will be placed on sale at 75c
a yard.
At 7-60.
GO pieces COLORED TAFFETA SILK In all
the newest shades and tints, extra fine
quality, will be placed on sale at 75c a yard.
At $1.00.
SO pieces CHECKED, PLAID AND STRIPED
TAFFETA SILK, latest designs and color-
ings, good value for $1 25, will be placed on
sale at $1 00 a yard.
At $1.25.
20 pieces BLACK BROCADED AND BAYA-
DERE STRIPED SATIN, extra heavy
quality, good value for $1 75, will be placed
on sale at fl 25 a yard.
EXTRA VALUE in
KID GLOVES.
At 75c a Fair.
96 dozen LADIES' 2-CLASP "HAVARD"
KID GLOVES, colors red, brown, tan,
green, blue, heliotrope and white, also
black; regular value $1, will be on special
sale at 76c a pair. (Every pair guaranteed.)
At $1.26 a Fair.
38 dozen LADIES' 2-CLASP ENGLISH WALK-
ING GLOVES, colors ox blood, tan, gTeen,
navy, white and brown, also black, worth
$1 50, will be placed on sale at fl 25 a pair.
\F\f Murphy Building, m
Met and Jones Streets.
expressions as "It's too bad," "What a
shame," began to be heard.
The young man displayed some un
easiness and finally got up and went
forward into the smoker to escape fur
ther scrutiny.
The bride and erroom were not dis
turbed while I was on the train.—Wil
liam Henry Siviter in Detroit Free
Press.
The West Indian migratory crab is the
only creature that is born in the sea, at
tains maturity in fresh water and passes
its adult life on land.
■ fair. Mrs. Loughborough and Josie make
charming hostesses. 1 think Josie will be
very popular. She has such gracious
manners. She is being entertained right
royally, and Mabel and the other buds are
sharing the spoils of her first season.
Gertie Carroll has invited us to a theater
party on Monday, to be given in Jcsie s
honor, and several other affairs are down
on society's calendar either for or by
Josie.
Mrs. George Pope gave the tea on Sat
urday. The house looked very pretty and
every one seemed to be happy. I don't
seem zo be constituted for teas. The cup
neither cheers nor inebriates me at a
formal affair. I like it in my own or
somebody else's cozy-cozy to wasn down
a heart-to-heart chat.
Mamma and Mabel tarried but a few
moments at Mrs. Pope's and then betook
themselves to a tea given by Mrs. Hush
in Fruitvale. I wanted to see Edith Mo-
Bean and bid her good-by, so mamma
unwillingly deprived herself of my -o;n
pany and the tea lost the bright particu
lar star that illumines most gatherings.
Mabel says that the Hush place — "Etne
mere" I think they call it— is perfectly
beautiful. Jean ana Florence Hush have
Just returned from Europe where they
have been' studying and traveling.
Oh, by the way, here is a bona fide bit
of news that very few know. You remem
ber DeWitt Gray, who was once so popu
lar at the fraternity dances and the cotil
lons. He has returned from the Klon
dike after an absence of two years and
is going to marry a Miss Louise CrocKer
on Wednesday evening. Only his most
intimate friends have been told. Miss
Crocker is a charming girl who has iiev-yi
cared for society, and those who know
her say DeWitt has drawn a prize. He
is going back to the Klondike for two
years, and I hear that she insists on ac
companying him.
We are all getting new gowns for Olive
Holbrook's tea. Her sister, Mrs. Samut"
Knight, and a number of the girls wii
receive with her. It is to be next Satur
day afternoon, and I hear the gowns wilt
be particularly stunning.
The exodus keeps steadily on. Besides
Edith Mcßean a number of other girls are
contemplating flight. Carrie Ayers, I near,
is going to Washington. It is wnisnereu
that there is a strong attraction there.
It is a toss-up whether it is th*e army or
navy. I suppose we'll hear at the right
time. One way or the other the an
nouncements are sure to be done up in
red, white and blue.
Peggy, dear, your curiosity is simply in
satiable. I've done my best to satisfy it,
but a dull week always gives me a kink
In the brain. Lovingly,
FLORA McFLIMSY.
A little girl was graciously permitted
one bright Sunday to go with ncr mam
ma to hear papa preach.
Now, it chanced that on this special
occasion papa's sermon was of the
"warning" order, and his earnest voice
rang solemnly in the Sunday quiet.
After a moment of breathless surprise
and horror, the little listener's soul was
wrought upon with a great pity for the
poor mortals upon whom so much
wrath was descending. She rose ex
citedly to her feet, and, her wide, re
proachful eyes Just peeping over the
back of the seat, called out, in sweet,
chiding tones:
"What for is you scolding all the
people so, papa?"
BLACK DRESS GOODS.
At SOC.
20 pieces 45-inch ALL-WOOL ENGLISH CHIN-
CHELLA, reduced from $1 to 60c yard.
At 76c.
20 pieces SO-inoh EXTRA HEAVY ALL-WOOL
SCOTCH CHEVIOT, extra good value for
|1, will be sold at 75c yard.
At 76c.
20 pieces 45- inch FRENCH CREPONS, new
designs, worth regular $1 25, will be offered
at 75c yard.
At
20 pieces 52-inch EXTRA FTNE ENGLISH
CHEVIOT, actual value $1 25, will be offered
at $1 yard.
At $150.
25 pieces 58-lnch CLAYS ENGLISH DIAGO-
NALS, worth regular $2, will be offered at
fl 50 yard.
LADIES' MUSLIN
UNDERWEAR.
At 26c.
LADIES' MITSLIN DRAWERS, yoke band, fin-
ished with deep cambric ruffle or edge of
embroidery, will be offered at 25c.
At 6OC.
LADIES' FINE MUSLIN DRAWERS, yoke
band, drawers finished with cluster of tucks
and ruffle of embroidery, regular price 75c,
will be placed on sale at 50c.
At 6OC.
LADIES' MU-6LIN GOWNS, yoke of fine tucks,
or finished with edge of embroidery, will be
placed on sale at 50c.
{/(/ Murphy Building. J
Market and Jones Strata.
VERDI'S NEy/OPERA
VERDI has now gone back to Milan
where he is keeping a paternal eye
on the house of retreat for old mu
sicians, which he is founding there,
and which is now rapidly approaching
completion. At the same time he is
working, says "M. A. P.," on a new
opera.
For several months past he has kewt
this a dead secret, and even his most
intimate friends knew nothing what
ever about his project. But eventually
they began to make discreet inquiries
as to the reason why the maestro shut
himself up so many hours daily in his
study, and it was thus that they
learned at last that he was writing
an opera.
But even now Verdi is very reserved
upon this subject. All that is really
definitely known is that the hero of the
work is Nero, and a fjsw of the passag-s
which have been played over to his
intimate circle are of exquisite beauty.
Before giving the opera to the wosTd
Verdi will take the advice of hi 3
friends, for he is afraid that (to use
his own words) "this child of my old
age may come into the ■ world weak,
sickly and ill formed."
The Spanish escurial is built in the
shape of a gridiron, 610 feet by SSO feet.
There are three large churches in the
inclosure, one containing the tombs of
most of the Spanish kings and queens.
plippaQt Baxter.
She — How daring: of her to wear such a
gown!
He — Yes, quite a bare-backed perform
ance. — Judy.
MEN'S FURNISHINGS.
At 25c.
ISO dozen MEN'S FULL FINISHED
EXTRA FINE CASHMERE WOOL
SOCKS, in brown, tan, sanitary gray
and fast black shades; with double
spliced heels and toes, extra value for
$4 dozen, will be offered at 25c pair. '
At 25c. ;
125 dozen MEN'S EXTRA HEAVY ADS-
TRALIAN WOOL AND CAMELS HAIR
SOCKS, warranted shrunk, good value j
for $4 dozen, will be offered at 25c pair. ,
At 75c.
45 dozen MEN'S LAUNDRIED CHEVIOT I
SHIRTS in a variety of new patterns,
with • link cuffs to each, regular price I
$1 25, will be offered at 75c each. ;
At 75C. !
96 dozen MEN'S HEAVY SANITARY
WOOL AND CAMELS HAIR UNDER-
SHIRTS AND DRAWERS, extra well,
finished, worth $1 25, will be offered at
75c each. . •
AT LESS THAN i
MANUFACTURERS' COST.!
ALL ODD GARMENTS. IN ' MEN'S*
WOOLEN AND MERINO UNDER- 1
SHIRTS AND DRAWERS will be.
closed out at less than cost of manu- ,
facture. J
RIBBONS. RIBBONS, i
-A.t ISO Yard.
300 pieces No. 18 and No. 22 - COLORED !
MOIRE AND TAFFETA RIBBON all
silk, from 2V4 inches to 3 inches wide i
in all shadings, worth 25c yard will be
offered at lac yard. ■ ■-, ' '
j
At 256 Ya,rd.
200 pieces No. 80 BLACK : MOIRE SASH
RIBBON. 5 inches wide, all silk, worth
; 50c yard, will be ; offered at 25c yard
\flf Murphy Building:, J
Market ati Jones Streets.LATEST in LINGERIE
and
UNDERSKIRTS.
YOUR underskirt must be made
according to your build. The
material of which it is made
matters little. If the skirt is not
V> fitted according to the figure of
\ nrer it is a distinct failure as an
-kirt.
French women ray as much attention
fit of the underskirt as to the outer
garments. Unless the underskirt is prop
erly fitted it is impossible to have the out
it irt hang properly.
Underskirts that are bought ready made
signed for people of average build.
If you are too stout or too slim it is better
to have the vi derskirt made to order to
Buit the purchaser's build. It is sure to
iperly then, and will insure the pos
: :< ct-iitting outer garment.
Underskirts designed fur stout women
are made with a yoke. The fullness of
the skirt depends from the yoke. If the
yoke is properly cut and glove-titting it
will not add to the size of the hips.
For a ngure that is too slender the un
derskirt should not be made with a yoke.
Natural deficiencies in the figure can be
ed up by having the silk gathered
full over the hips and back. If the skirt
It lined it can be judiciously padded over
Lps. If padding must be used it is
always preferable to have it in the under-
Bklrt rather than in the skirt.
The white muslin underskirt is rarely
lowntown now. It has been relegated
to its proper position— for indoor Use.
Nothing can be prettier than a muslin
underskirt trimmed in embroidery or lace.
It has an air of simple elegance and dain
about it that is more pleasing tnan
the most beruftted, betrimmed silk under
skirt. But when it is trailed over the dusty
ureets and becomes soiled it is a hideous
(.'.i' aw back to an otherwise pleasing co.s
tume.
An underskirt for every toiiet Bays
Fashion, but whether it blends with
olor of the gown or contrasts strik
is a matter of individual taste.
Ps that make a specialty of lin
exhibit such quantities of pretty
Is, with the ruffles and puffs and
arranged in such divers
patterns, that there are no duplicates to
md.
Underskirts for ball gowns are made
of th<- ides of violet, pink, yel
low and along with an unusual
numbei satin skirts. They are
ornar: th innumerable frills of
moussi sote and other gauzy ma
■
The skirts to be worn with boudoir
ardly less elaborate, though
characteristic feature is the
::mming on the front gore. It
I to show under the loose
the skirts intended visit
- and those designed to-be worn
:or-made costume there is less
The latter, though, are quite
never extending below the shoe-
F.r, with their dainty trimmings
uld not afford to be trailed along
•t. muddy winter sidewalks here
preference for crisp, rustling taf
:.">r underskirts is not so marked at
■-. So many of the women of taste
:t horror of announcing their pres
by a great rustle of silk skirts that
-^lks are chosen. Then, too, a stiff
rustling taffeta is generally woven with
spun glass, which, while insuring a smart
flare, splits at every crease after a few
ks f wear.
A pretty shade of olive green is very
serviceable for the tailor-made gown. It
: mmcd with a frill of the silk
i OB ;"'th sides of the
:nches in width,- and, in
h. rf aches half way to
the waist at the back. A pointed yoke,
with narrow strips of blue green and dark
;ged over it in a plaid
skirt a very chic appearance.
Line latticework repeated on the
rie frill gives a very dressy
I>ull red is another favorite color for
for street wear. They are
J trimmed with a graduating
iaee bowknots applkjued
: aices are new and pretty. A
« frill of taffeta bordered with a
lace ruche is a pretty finish for the
the flo .nee.
iatest petticoats are made to
■ on both sides of the front gore.
iticoat is thus bound to remain mi
ld the skirt gup at the back.
airy and fiuuy
as can lie on the exterior can be
■ U winter crarments if the un
- lined with flannelette. The
white silk petticoat that is now the
thing is lined with snow flannel
the pronounced rustle is no
i 'nger desired, women do not object so
strenuously to having the petticoat lined.
A taffeta silk petticoat will not stand
lard usage. If the petticoat intended for
at wear must be of silk, then
a silk softer than taffeta. For
nomy as well as warmth have it lined.
not be as heavy as flan-
A material called nearsilk is very
<.:■ Mrable for lining a silk petticoat. The
.iderakirt will outwear two under
pins without the lining.
As a substitute for eilk the most accept-
Lbrlc for an underskirt is moreen.
Of course, it does not rusFle, but it flares
tor does it lose the flare after a few
wear. Thfi edges of the flounces
and ruffles should be bound in velvet rib
bon, or the moreen will cut through the
lining of the outer skirt.
Whatever material you use, remember
the only underskirt to wear is one fash
;.-cording to the build of the wearer.
If you are p'.im. have it gathered: other
wise fit it. It is absolutely impossible for
NOVEL FLOUNCES DiSPLAYED BY THE NEW PETTICOATS.!
the skirt to fit perfectly unless the un
derskirt be properly fashioned.
HAND-PAINTED
DRESSES
ONE of the very latest Ideas
from Paris for a wedding pres
ent, for one girl to give an
other, is a novel as well as an exceed
ingly pretty one. The fashion has just
come in of wearing gowns with painted
panels and bands, collars and cuffs.
Sometimes the painting, which is done
in vine? or garlands of flowers, sometimes
in birds or butterflies, and even other lit
tle insects, is on chiffon, silk, satin, or
mousseline de soie. There is a girl in
town now who is painting a set of bands,
D liar, cape and cuffs for a friend of hers
who is to be married just before Christ
mas. They are of pale blue satin, and are
painted in a tiny vine of wild roses. They
are for an evening waist— the bands are
to be down the back and front, and the
collar, which will form a sort of cape,
with shoulder-tal>s. will be most effective.
It is becoming quite the fad for the
girls to paint their dresses, 'and if they
come out this whiter with some of the
beautiful sp< cimens that they have shown
to their friends they will create a sen
sation. Om girl is painting for herself
an entire front and trimmings for a bod
ice on black mousseline de soie. which Is
a work of art. The design is red poppies
and grasses, and here and there she has
put pretty little butterflies, with span
gled wings and eyes. The spangles, of
course have to be sewed on, and
They add immensely to the effect. To
thoroughly complete her lovely costume
this young artist has made herself an ex
quisite butterfly to wear in her hair. It is
of the same material as the gown,
black mousseline de soie, and is painted
in exact imitation of a butterfly caught
this summer and kept to copy the color
ing The wings are wired with the finest
wire, and the head and body are made of
black chenille. The eyes are spangles, the
horns or feelers are plucked from a black
aigrette she had. and the wings are dotted
here and there with bright spangles.
They are quite large, being at least four
inches wide at the top. and the whole
butterfly is E i arranged on a strong piece
of bonuet-wire as to move gracefully as
she moves her head. The girls had bet
ter get out their paint boxes and set to
work to paint pretty trimmings for their
gowns They will be very expensive to
buy, and do not necessarily require much
artistic skill.
LATEST
WAISTS
FASHION which has come to us
A from England and which is
Agraudally finding favor here is the
new jocket shirt waists. These
waists were originally adopted by
the horsey set in England, and as in
their transformed cut and make they are
very pretty and fetching, they promise
to be a close rival to the ever popular
shirt waist.
The jockey waist follows the lines of
the real jockey, and some are displayed
in the different racing colors and made
of striped eilk.
Again, others are made of plain silk,
opening to show a white vest and collar,
and still others come in dainty French
madras and Scotch gingham. To the
woman who objects to the severity of a
high standing collar and the masculin
ity of starched shirt fronts, and Ascots,
and four-in-hands, and string ties, this
new style opens out endless possibilities
for those sort feminine touches so dear
to many of our women still.
SAVE YOUR
GLASS BEADS
STRINGS of jet beads divided by
links of gold— just the old fash
ioned sort like our mothers used
to wear— were the first that were
introduced this season, and now following
them come the colored glass beads linked
in the same way as the jet.
Long ago every girl doted on glass
beads. Rather suggestive of the original
American girl, the Indian maid, you say?
Well, maybe, but what of that? Glass
beads are pretty things — in effect glass
is many times quite as good as jewels.
So glass beads the girl with a pretty neck
will wear.
In a leading jewelry shop the other day
I was shown amber colored, blue. gTeen
and clear white glass beads. There were
festooned together (three strings) by clasps
of gold." The top string was short, follow
ing just the line of the neck, the next a
little longer and the third longer still.
Gold is used for the links and clasps, or
silver, though silver tarnishes too easily,
and does not look as rich as gold. The
colored glass beads are wonderfully be
coming.
There are glass beads for street as well
as evening wear. For donning with street
dresses they are in four or five short
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1898.
strings to form a stock and set up close
around the collar in the familiar dog col
lar style.
If you have a slender gold chain that*
you wore in your baby days, bring it
forth from its aiding place and wear it
about your neck with your evening
bodices with a miniature attached as
pendant. If you have a real old fashioned
miniature of one of your ancestors,
framed about by pearls, you are fortu
nate indeed. An opal cameo is also a
fashionable pei.dant.
Strings of coral beads are also much
sought. The strings of rough coral are
particularly attractive, and coral orna
ments are considered just the proper
thing for quite young belles. It has been
a long time since necklaces have been as
fashionable as they are just now.
NEWEST COLOR:
NATIONAL BLUE
THERE Is a new blue, and it is
all our own— national blue it is
called. We have borrowed from
the Europeans royal blue, that
bright blue that several royal houses
-YOU MUST HAVE AN UNDERSKIRT FOR EVERY TOILET," SAYS DAME FASHION,
have doted on, and then there are many
other blues, but the national blue is ours
and it will be very patriotic to wear it.
Indeed, red. white and blue will figure
conspicuously in the gowning of this and
the coming season, though not in combin
ation. White gowns, blue gowns, and red
gowns are leaders. The reds are In as
lovely shades as the blues. For evening
home wear all-white gowns are to have
Breathing Exercises as an Aid to Beauty.
By Mme. Hygeia
This department is for the benefit of all those who are interested in the science of cosmetics and the hy
giene of proper living. If any one desires information on either of these subjects their questions will be cheer
fully answered in these columns. Write as often as you like, ask as many questions as you please and sign
any name that you choose. Address all communications to Mme. Hygeia, The Sunday Call, San Francisco.
LET the girl who Is striving for de
velonment of chest and bust,
sloping shoulders and a round,
plf-nder and pretty waist see to it
that her breathing apparatus is
conducted in the way. in which it
should be.
That sounds awfully commonplace, I
know, but really there are very few
women who know how to breatne prop
an immense vogue. It may not be un
usual, so you see, to find in one drawing
room at teas and receptions a gay pic
ture with the national colors running
through it.
Among other colors there is emerald
enjoying a revival, and a sea-green that
comes from Paris and is called Neptune.
The reds include coquelical, cerise and
geranium, crimson, fuchsia and petunia,
and a red of pale purplish hue that some
what resembles magneta. The popular
grays are piatine, aluminum, nickel and
silver. Violet in various shades and dah
lia in a reudish purple are also extremely
popular.
ORNAMENTED
HAT PINS
MOVT that hat pins are selling for
JIUOO downward the minds of inven
tive geniuses are turning toward a
pin that will stay in the hat, past
all danger of falling out. Recently there
was a patented split that was provided
with a little spring which worked by pres
sure.
>A very nice hat pin, with head of am
ber, had an amber fastener accompany-
ing it and fastened by a gold chain. The
"fastener" was stuck in tne hat, so that
to lose the hat pin you must lose the hat
also.
A very ultra little piece of jewelry is a
band of pearls connected with the hat pin
by a gold chain. The pearl band is used
us a brooch or as a pin upon the breast.
The gold chain dangles from the hat pin
and makes a very pretty bit of finery for
erly. Tou probably do not realize it, but
improper breathing brings about many
ills. It not only produces symp
toms of consumption, but makes the
waist unduly large for the simple reason
that the chest is not held up where It
should be and the internal organs are
crowded out of their places, thus spread
ing the waist in an unsightly way that
usually denotes deficient vitality.
The woman who sings or who has gone
in for vocal culture almost invariably
has a fine flgxire, fun, rounded throat, well
poised head, firmly set shoulders and easy
carriage. She has learned from the start
that in order to breathe properly she
must hold up her chin and expand her
lungs, so that every breath will come
from the abdomen and not from the chest.
Good breathing strengthens the muscles
and makes the flesh firm.
Corsets are a great detriment to proper
breathing, particularly if laced in as some
women will insist upon having them.
The waist must be absolutely free from
compression, for the lungs cannot be
Eroperly inflated if the thorax is laced in
y mtfans of stays or squeezed by tight
frocks.
There are no two ways about it— lacing
is injurious and she who indulges in this
hideous practice might as well take a
back seat at once in the ranks of beauty.
It stands to reason that anything that
compresses the ribs and squeezes up to
gether the stomach and liver and all the
other vital organs is detrimental to
health, and if you're not healthy you
haven't much of a show for beauty.
If I had my way I would gather up all
the corsets in Christendom and send them
out to the heathen in Patagonia to spank
their babies with. There are corset
waists with elastic bands on either side
which contract and expand with each
breath that the wearer takes, and these
are the only sensible, healthful things
to wear. I*. -
However, to return to the breathing ex
ercises The best time for these is in the
morning Just after getting out of bed,
There must be plenty of air in the room,
and the body must be absolutely untram
meled with "close clothing of any descrip-
Place your hands on your hips and walk
slowly across the room, your chest held
upward and outward, and every breath
coming deepb' from the abdomen. After
several trips there will be quite a feeling
of exhaustion. Rest for a few moments,
and then try again. Each morning you
can make the exercises longer, and soon
the muscles that hold the chest up will
become strong and firm, and there will be
but little fatigue. You can vary the ex
ercise by taking as long a breath as pos
sible and holding it for several seconds.
Practice this five or ten minutes each
morning.
Rfmfmhcr that the most important part
of these exercises is to get into the habit
<>r standing perfectly erect, with the
shoulders h*ld back and the chest up.
The best authorities condemn thoracic or
upper chest breathing. Keep the chest up
and out, and let the expansion be at tho
•vaint line. Inhale slowly and smoothly
as much air aB you can, swelling out th«
lower chest at the sides, just below the
arm-pits, as the air is drawn in. Hold
this air five seconds. Then exhale it, slow
ly and gradually, crushing in the riba
gently with the hands aa the air goes
■
the woman who likes "fixings." The band
may match the hat pin and be of any
jewels or plain gold.
Any device is good so long as it holds
the pin. and when you reflect that every
year there are hundreds of dollars lost
in hat pins the economy of a little fas
tener is easily computed.
PRETTY
SASH ENDS
CHIEFLY grenadine and limonslne
ribbon are worn now. A great
deal of emphasis is laid on the
manner in which you shape
your ribbon ends. A wide, crisp ribbon
sash will have its ends cut In a series
of live deep toothlike indentations, while
very many women cut their streamers in
hatchet shape. A swallow fork or a bias
shear, so long the only orthodox courses
in ribbon clipping, have been set aside,
and a lightning edge is what many a
sash end boasts. A lightning edge is just
a series of irregular jags, like the course
of those thunderbolts the active American
eagle grasps, and a good many sashes are
snipped out to resemble a bellows point,
or carved at their terminus to convey the
idea of an Indian arrowhead.
If a pair of herrings could be left to
breed and multiply undisturbed for a
period of twenty years they would
yield an amount of fish equal in bulk
to the globe on which we live.
out. During the exhalation be sure to
k* -cp the upper chest still. .Do not let It
sink, as It will be apt to if not restrained
by ;in effort of the will.
Inhale again, and hold the breath for
ten seconds, then for fifteen seconds and
finally for twenty seconds.
This exercise will do for the first day.
Make no motion suddenly: the more slow
ly and gently the exercise is performed
the greater will be the benefit.
Regular daily practice of these exer
cises will increase the breathing capac
ity and will result in enlargement of the
lungs and development of the . chest. If
continued religiously there will be an in
crease of four or five inches in your chest
measure In the course of a year. There
will also be no end of improvement in
your general carriage and figure, and
correct breathing will lead right up
through health and strength to beauty.
y\nsWers to Correspondents.
LILLIAN— I am delighted that yoifwere
so successful with the cold cream and
that you find it of such benefit. You are
right not to steam your face, as It tloes
not agree with your skin.
The cucumber milk must have ferment
ed. Perhaps you did not keep it in a cool
place. It should be a creamy yellow
liquid. As long as yours does not seem to
be quite right I would advise you not to
use it. You can preserve the cucumber
juice so "that it will last a long time by
dissolving a tiny pinch of salicylic acid in
alcohol and adding to a half-pint bottle
of the juice. This acid is used to pre
serve fruit, so it is perfectly harmless.
Better success to you next time.
A COUNTRY GIRL— I know absolutely
nothing as to the merits or demerits of
the preparations you mention. I never
heard of them before. It is safer to make
your own creams and soaps out of good,
pure ingredients, and then you know ex
actly what you are using. It is exceed
ingly risky to use things you know noth
ing about.
ROSE— It must be the witch hazel in
the lotion that made your face burn..
Perhaps half the quantity would have
been better for your skin. As your skin
Is so very tender, I think perhaps sweet
cream would be the best thing to use on
it after coming In from the sun. Never,
under any circumstances, bathe your face
in soap and water before going out of
doors or Just after coming in. In the
matter of tan and freckles a prevention
is better than a cure. So when going out
into the light and air protect the face by
suitable covering. Please read what I
have to say to Margaret F.
LEVO— A tonic made of equal parts of
cocoanut oil and vaseline will make the
eyelashes and eyebrows grow, but it
should not be allowed to get into the eyes,
as It will irritate and inflame them. If
you read the beauty talk Sunday before
last you found your question about pow
der answered. If you didn't see it, write
again. A most satisfactory rouge— if
one insists upon using rouge— is made by
taking one-half ounce each of spermaceti
and white wax and two and a half ounces
of oil of sweet almonds. Heat these gent
IN PRIMROSE CREPE DE CHINE AND YELLOW FAILLE.
ly until all are mixed. Remove from the
flre and add one ounce of alcohol, In which
a small handful of deep red rose leaves
have been steeped. This must be beaten
until cold. It Is absolutely harmless.
MRS. S. Y. C— The alum wash is made
by dissolving a small piece of alum the
size of a bean in a pint of cold, water.
This is only to be used in case of flabbi
nesa, and should be applied directly after
massaging with some cream.
MONA — Apply the peroxide of hydrogen
to the superfluous hairs with a soft
sponge every other night for awhile and
then less frequently. It will not injure
the skin. It is an antiseptic and is fre
quently taken internally.
ADELE— To make the hair stay in curl
use this bandoline before doing it up:
Gum tragacanth, 1^ drams; proof spir
it, 3 ounces; attar of rose, 3 drops; dis
tilled water, 7 ounces.
MME. OAKLAND— You will find your
question answered in foregoing reply to
MARGARET F.— Lemon juice, with a
little borax added, will whiten the s»dn
nicely. Cold cream should always be used
after the lemon juice.
TABLET— The cornflower is the small
blue flower sold by florists. Some people
call them bachelor buttons and some blu
ets. Steep thirty grammes of the fresh
blossoms (bruised) in one pint of water
for twelve hours. Strain and distill. The
liquid thus obtained can be used without
injury to the eyes. Thirty grammes is
equal to one ounce, and one ounce is
equal to two tablespoonfuls. I do not
think that clipping the lashes will make
them any thicker or curly.
ANXIOUS MOTHER— A very good
freckle lotion is made by mixing three
grains of borax with five drams of rose
water and five drams of orange flower
water. But really my advice to you would
be not to put anything on the little one's
face. A child's skin is so very tender,
and whatever you put on it will increase
the tendency to freckle. Prevention is
better than cure in cases of this sort. If
the child were mine I should let its skin
alone and put a good big sunbonnet on
whenever it went out. I think as the
child grows older the freckles will grad
ually fade out.
MRS. ANXIOUS— That pufflness about
the eyes is pretty sure to be a sign of
ill-health, usually of bladder or kidney
troubles. Hard work and late hours will
also bring that appearance. Try to go to
bed with the chickens and get up with the
cable-cars. Do not read in bed or other
wise try your eyes. Take lots of exercise
in the open air, have your bedroom per
fectly ventilated and apply witch hazel
frequently to the puffed-out places. If
all this does not do away with the swol
len appearance I think it would be well
to consult a physician.
INQUIRER— The electric needle will
certainly remove the superfluous hairs.
The reason why the operation has some
times to be repeated is because the needle
does not always succeed in reaching the
root of the hair. When this Is the case
the hair invariably sprouts again. I Can
not give dermatologists' names or their
prices in these columns. I think you can
annihilate the hairs yourself by rubbing
prepared chalk on them and then on your
lingers and plucking them out.
I. H.— Your first letter was answered in
The Sunday Call of October 30. Hope you
saw It.
L. A. WW T .— There is no infallible cure for
the little red veins. Very often they will
scatter and disappear of themselves.
Sometimes frequent applications of witch
hazel will help to disperse them. I am
sorry I cannot suggest anything more en
couraging. Devoted friends are few and
far between in this world, and It is a pity
to miss an opportunity of gaining one,
but alas! What you ask Is beyond my
fund of information.
NAOMI.— For the eyebrows that meet
over the nose, I would advise you to rub
on some prepared chalk, and also to
chalk your fingers, and then pluck the
hairs out. This is a much less painful
proceeding than pulling them out with
the tweezers, or even undergoing the elec
tric needle. Salt water baths are very
excellent In some forms of skin eruptions,
and it is well to use the water on the face.
Sometimes when the skin Is in a particu
larly Irritable condition salt water seems
to Increase the irritation. At such times
I would not advise its being used. Yes, it
is a good plan to let the cold salt water
in after the bath. But never let it get so
cold that it chills you.
DOROTHY.— Yes, by using the proper
exercises one can develop almost any por
tion of the body. If you will let meTtnow
where you wish development I will tell
you which exercises to use.
MYRTLE MAY.— To make the eyebrows
grow get one ounce of alcohol and in It
dissolve five grains of quinine. Apply this
every other night, and on the nights in
between times massage very gently with
the fingers dipped in pure olive oil slight
ly warmed. Your eyebrows cannot help
growing then. You might try borax and
lemon Juice, fifteen grains to the ounce,
on the brown spots, but. If they are really
moth patches nothing in the world will
remove them, until their cause— a diseased
liver— is remedied.
M E. M.— Try the following wash for
the 'scars: Boracic acid, 1 dram; diluted
witch hazel, 2 ounces; rosewater, 2
ounces. Mix and rub on the face night
and morning.
MOON DREAMS— I am very sorry that
I cannot help you solve the mystery, but
it would be utterly Impossible for any
one to tell positively the ingredients of a
thing from a description of its effects.
The only way to find out the exact in
gredients is to obtain a portion of the
wash or cream, take Jt to a chemist and
have it analyzed.
VALENTINE— (Iet a camel's hair face
scrubbing brush and scrub the face every
night with pure castile soap and tepid
water. Then rub a good cold cream
thoroughly into the skin. If continued
this treatment will certainly banish the
blackheads. A little powdered borax on
a bit of linen rubbed lightly over them
will also help. When one starts out to
develop the figure, particularly the bust,
the first thing to do is to discard all pads
and to have the undergarments very
loose. Then massage every night with
equal parts of cocoa butter, lanoline and
cocoanut oil melted together. One ounce
of each will be enough. Keep the mas*
sage up for ten or fifteen minutes pour
ing the oil into the palms of the hands,
and rubbing around and around and up.
The rubbing must be gentle, as the
glands are very sensitive. It will be at
least seven weeks before there will be
any perceptible development, but in time
there will certainly be an amazing
change. Also bathe the breasts every
morning in tepid water. The breathing
exercises given in to-day's beauty talk
will help wonderfully. Let me know how
you get along. MME. HYGEIA.
LAW
FOR WOMEN
WHEN a woman has a husband,
and he cannot or will not support
her, she must look out for her
self. She may be obliged to sup
port not only herself but her husband,
who may be ill, her children or relatives.
If she wants to go into any business in
which money must be invested she has to
go through certain legal forms to protect
herself.
She must become a "sole trader," as the
law of California calls it, to designate a
married woman who is managing her
own business independent of her husband.
Any good lawyer can fill out and file in
court the regular papers for her.
When she has decided what line of bus
iness, millinery or a small store, or a bak
ery, or a restaurant, she intends to take
up, she must publish her intention in a
newspaper once a week for four succes
sive weeks. She must give her husband's
name in her advertisement and the date
when she intends making application to
establish a business in which he has" no
interest. She must say what court she
applies to and when and where her busi
ness is to begin. She must take a re
markable oath and file her petition ten
days before she goes into court.
The oath she takes is:
"I, A B, do in the presence of Almighty
God, solemnly swear that this application
was made in good faith, tor the purpose
of enabling me to support myself (and
any dependent, such as husband, parent.
Bister, child, or the like, naming them by
name), and not with any view to defraud,
delay or hinder any creditor or creditors
of my husband; and that of the money so
to be used by me in business, not more
than $500 have come either directly or
Indirectly from my husband. So help me
God."
A man may embark in any venture he
wishes, from the "gold brick" business
up to banking, without subscribing to any
oath whatsoever. His profits, as long as
he lives, as well as the capital invested,
will be absolutely his own, and upon the
death of his wife the entire community
property will belong absolutely to him
and without administration being had.
In the petition which a "soie trader"
files she must state:
1. That the application is made In good
faith to enable her to support herself and
those dependent upon her, and must give
their names and the relationship which
they bear to her. '
2. She must state the fact that she is in
sufficiently supported by her husband,
and she must say why he does not sup
port her.
3. She must give any other reasons why
she wishes to go into business, which rea
sons are cause for divorce. If there are
reasons for divorce, she must say why
she does not seek a divorce.
4. She must state what business she
proposes to conduct, where her place of
business is to be and how "much money
she has to put into it. She must also tell
the court just where she got her money
and how.
If she invests more than *500 which came
directly or indirectly from her husband
she must also file his written consent to
her using the money.
When a woman has become, by permis
sion of the court, a "sole trader,' the
property and the revenues and increase
all belong to her exclusively. Her hus
band is no longer responsible for her
debts and she is not responsible for his.
MUSJIRED OUJ.
Sweetheart, to-day a rumor flew
That made the post resound.
It sends me back, dear girl, to you.
For we are homeward bound!
•Yet, hold I It no grievous sin
If 'mid the joyous shout
I pray I may be mustered In -; tv . . ■;
. When I am mustered out.
There is a service that presents
'-■ Far greater. charms than this;
Its very highest recompense
Is measured in a kiss.
And two compose a company
In love ■ and faith most s tout— -
In yours I'd re-enlist, you see, ' •',
When I am mustered out.
I'm but a humble private, dear. .
No stripes or straps are mine;
And claim to fame and glory hera
' I willingly resign. ■; .'*«;;'
To peace I look, and not ot strife, 1 ■
For rank o'er all about, J
If I may serve with you for life,
When I am mustered out. -;,
—Edwin Li. Sabin, in Truth.
. ♦ ■
The late Czar Alexander II wag
colonel-in-chief of the Peryaslav Regi
ment of Dragoons, and • no w^ the present
Czar has ; conveyed the . appointment » of
honorary colonel - r on his ;:,- mother, the :
Dowager Empress. ; ■■- ••.'.-*"•> - - .
2728
Alexander J-tarrisor\ at Work ir\ His San Francisco S'udio.
NEW ORIENTAL MUSEUM
That Is Attracting Paris.
Special to The Sunday Call.
PARIS, Nov. 1. — Paris has a new
wonder in the Museum of Orien
tal Art, opened two weeks ago in
the Avenue Velasquez. It is by
far the greatest exhibition of the
kind in the world, and it is the Govern
ment's intention to make it an annex
of the Louvre, where it will remain a
prominent display. It is not only at
tracting attention among ordinary
sightseers, but hundreds of artists and
connoisseurs of Europe are visiting it
daily. Although the admission price at
the opening was five francs, the halls
were crowded almost to suffocation, es
pecially in the vicinity of the magnifi
cent statue of Buddha, which is said to
be the largest in the world outside of
the Orient.
The collection was bequeathed by M.
Henri Cernuschi and the story connect
ed with its origin and the quest for the
great Buddha is full of the romance of
the collector, generously spiced
with adventure and peril. M. Henri
Cernuschi, an Italian by birth and
French by adoption, was possessed of
the genius of the artist combined with
the indefatigability of the born collec
tor. He was a man of vast means, and
being exiled from his country for politi
cal reasons, he went to the Orient, ar
riving in the time of the social upheav
al and modernizing revolution of 1868.
That revolution brought about
changes of every sort. Long estab
lished systems of authority, as well as
immense fortunes gathered under the
old feudal power, melted away as snow
In the sunshine. It was a unique occa
sion for gathering precious works of
art and for laying hands on religious
objects which hitherto it had been sac
rilege to touch. Temples were invaded
and idols and sacred vessels were pur
chased before the new government had
as yet defined the claims of the state
FRATERNAL NEWS
ORDER EASTERN STAR.
California Chapter has elected the fol
lowin named officers for the ensuing
term: Mrs. B. B. Duncan matron. E. K.
Head patron, Ella Bradley associate ma
tron. Miss M. Terwillinger conductress,
Miss Minnie Jellinick associate conduc
tress, Mrs. ML A. Hawley secretary and
Ella Condon treasurer.
Ivy Chapter has elected Mrs. Lydia J.
Steel M., Dr. J. M. Gasswa P., Mrs Fran
ces L. Biennefield A. M., Mrs. Harriet T.
Noah C, Mrs. C. EL Tisdale A. C, secre
tary and treasurer re-elected.
Harmony has elected: Mrs. Annie
Johnson M.. M. J. Savage P., Mrs. Emma
Carter A M. Mrs. Nona Sandon C, Mrs.
F. Junker A. C, secretary and treasurer
re-elected.
THE ODD FELLOWS.
Pacific Lodge on last Thursday night
initiated two candidate, and after the
work of the lodge was treated to a lec
ture on "European Travels" by J. N.
Beard, D. D. .
The Golden Jubilee Committee will hold
a meeting on the 16th inst. for the pur
pose of taking further action in relation
to the celebration.
An entertainment will be given in Me
morial Hall on the 17th under the auspi
ces of the lodges of District No. 1, E. G.
Harrison, D. D. G. M. The lodges of the
district are California, San Francisco,
Yerba Buena, Templar and Magnolia.
Major Fred. W. Jeagher, for a number
of years superintendent of Odd Fellows"
Hall, who' recently went East to attend
Co an estate, is on his way back to this
city accompanied by a bride, j
The grand master and the grand secre
tary are visiting in Los Angeles County.
Centennial Encampment of San Diego
conferred the Royal Purple degree on
four candidates at its last held meeting,
and has three more ready to take the de
grees.
Grand Scribe Barnes has received the
printed proceedings' of the Grand En
campment held in San Jose on the 18th of
October and subsequent days. It is a
carefully' compiled record of 130 pages,
neatly printed and full of valuable infor
mation, it is embellished with a half
tone picture of 1. W. Erelwine. P. G. P.,
and a view of San Jose scenery (Camp
Sherman) which shows the beauty of
California scenery at that season of the
year. _J
THE RBBEKAHS. .
On the night of the sth inst. Amity Re
bekab Lodge held ' open house to its
friends, and they responded in large num
bers. There was presented for their en
tertainment a good and select programme
of music, songs, fancy dances, musical se
lections" and comicalities, after which
there was a dance for all who were not
too enervated by the heat of the even
ing to whirl to the enchanting music. The
function wafs. under the direction of Mrs.
"Zeigler, chairwoman of the committee of
arrangements. vr- i-
The committee having- charge of the
entertainment that is to be given by Cali
fornia Rebekah Lodge in Odd Fellows'
building on the 19th inst. promises a most
enjoyable evening to all who will attend.
Mrs. G. E. Moreland is visiting in lie
K;ist, and while in Nebraska and lowa
visited the assembly in each while it. was
in session. She announced her intention
of visiting the orphans' home of the State
of Missouri, with a view to ascertain the
method upon which it is conducted, .i I
Oriental Rebekah - Lodge will hold an
open meeting - next Wednesday, when a i
i
From a Photograph.
in the matter of ownership of public
monuments.
M. Cernuschi himself thus relates
■ how he obtained the immense Buddha,
which is the most imposing feature of
, his collection:
"In the capital of Japan the sellers
came to us every day at the house of
; a certain Yaki. Yaki served as valua
| tor and intermediary. Bronzes were
■ carried in by the score. M. Duret and
I made selections and urgently in
! sisted that what we wanted most was a
; number of the large objects.
"One day a party came and Invited
! us to accompany them to Megours, in
j the outskirts of Yeddo. When there,
: they led us to a kitchen garden, where
! we found ourselves in the presence of a
i large Buddha, still upright and un
: harmed, amid the ruins of a temple
that had been destroyed by fire.
"The proprietor of the garden agreed
to sell us the statue, and a bargain
was there and then concluded. We
called for tools, and with their aid de
tached the right hand of the figure and
1 brought it with us into the city. On
; the following day the statue was dis
| mounted and carted into Yaki's real
| dence, and the task of packing it for
' exportation was begun.
"But our trouble was not yet over.
S The report soon spread through the
I community that their Buddha was
i about to be exiled, and within a few
i hours the street before our house
was thronged with an excited
1 multitude. They knelt down in the
, dust and implored us to leave them
: their deity, and offered to repay us ten
j times over the money we had spent.
I Our hearts, however, refused to be
' touched, for the zeal of the collector
dominated all our more humane feel
ings. We kept the attention of thfc
crowd engaged by pretending to enter
into serious parley with them, and
meanwhile the packing was hastened
ar.d by night the statue was put on the
road for Yokohama to be thence
shipped to Europe."
This Buddha, although it .is only a
reduced copy of the colossal one at
Nara, which stands 85 feet high, is It
fine programme will be presented. It will
be a complimentary event.
Loyal Rebekah Lodge gave a compli
mentary entertainment and dfin< c In
Welcome Hall of the I. O. O. F. buildinrr
last Monday night, at which there was a
very large attendance. The charm and
beauty <>f many of the young lady mem
bers of this lodge appear to be the great
attraction that draws the young men to
that hall. The programme included a
vocal duet by Mr. and Mrs. Daniels, reci
tation by Miss Hazel Donoho, violin duec
by "Misses Van Doren and Benson, vocal
solo by Mr. Anderson and recitation by
Miss Ten Eyck. The dancing was u.rected
by Miss Tillie Braver, who proved a most
charming floor manager.
THE NATIVE SONS.
Grand Treasurer H. S. Martin and
Grand Secretary Lunstedt will on the 21st
inst. start on a tour of official visitations
in the north. They will visit the parlors
in Shasta, Trinity and Siskiyou counties,
and while in Redding will try to reorgan
ize the parlor there.
Precita Parlor announces a party in
Mission Parlor Hall on the 15th inst. Bay
City Parlor will give an entertainment
on the 24th and Xl Dorado will give an
entertainment on the 25th.
THE NATIVE DAUGHTERS.
Dardanelles Parlor No. 66 of oonora re
cently gave an entertainment in Turn
Verein Hall in that place in aid of Miss
Amanda Buckman, a former member of
the parlor, who is suffering from an af
fliction that will require the most skillful
medical aid. The following was the pro
gramme presented to an appreciative
audience: Address, Crittenden Hamp
ton; vocal solo, "The Lullaby," Mrs.
Frank Mogan; recitation, George Lyons;
mandolin selections, Miss Mary Grace
Keeffe; "The Raven," recited by Mrs. E.
L. Kehm: "Car Driver's Choruß," motion
song, Miss Keeffe's class of boys; "The
Waiter Girls," another motion song and
chorus, Miss Keeffe' s class of girls; vocal
solo. Mrs. Read McCraney; violin and
KUitar duet, B. Sobranes and L. Auletti;
recitation, C. Hampton; character song.
"Ma' Honolulu Lady." Joseph Victor;
•ion, Miss Jackson; tableaux—
"Mending the Old * .ag," the latest volun
teer; "Gran'ma's Tea Party," and "Old
Glory. 1 ' The "Social Outcast." a one-act
drama, closed the evening's entertain
ment. One feature of the entertainment
was the display of a magnificent silk flag
of the United States, said to be the most
beautiful in the county and recently pro
cured by the parlor.
During the session of Snn Miguel Par
lor last week Recording Secretary M. R.
Murray announced that Isabella Reed,
the president, had a surprise in store for
the members. When the parlor closed the
doom were opened and the surprise ap
peared in the presence of a number of
Native Sons of the Golden West and na
tive sons of other climes. Then followed
an amusing card game, a banquet and a
general good time. The affair was a very
pleasant one.
DEGREE OF HONOR.
During the past week Grand Chief of
Honor Mrs. E. Mayon paii a visit to Vio
let Lodge In Santa Cruz arid was well
pleased with the work the lodge has been
doing. Subsequently, in company with five
'members of the lodge, she was driven to
Boulder Creek, where she, with the as
sistance of those who accompanied her,
Instituted Estella uodge. which was or
ganized by H. W. West. Mrs. Brimble
com is the C. of H. and Miss Bloom re
corder. After the work of institution and
installation was over there was a banquet
and a dance.
Silver Spray will give an entertainment,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 13, ,1898.
self 14 feet in height. It is looked upon
as a genuine work of art, from the
; tranquillity of the attitude and the gen
' tleness of the physiognomy. An over
whelming sensation of silence Feems to
emanate from the fixity of its gesture
I and the gravity of the expression.
The Buddha, however, is only one of
a multitude of marvelous creations.
Bronzes of all sizes and forms surround
the visitor to the new museum. Fig
ures of animals stand up and move,
and in their movements reveal a won
derful precision and a most attractive
and graceful decorative effect. Pea
cocks spread their gorgeous plumes,
cranes drink and cast up their necks,
I and an entire poultry yard of cocks,
i hens, geese and ducks moves and lives
on the ground in the agitated com
bative existence that is theirs in na
: ture. Flexible fish bring before the eye
lof our imagination the direction and
velocity of the river in which they live.
Crabs, jelly fish, turtles, lobsters are
all to be seen in their characteristic at
titudes. Serpents slowly unroll their
coils, tigers roar with head twisted
back, elephants wave their trunks and
horses and mules pass with steady
foot.
A glance at the mounted horsemen
shows us how these artists of the ex
treme East excelled in the observation
of the picturesque and in the delinea
tion of animal life. The accuracy of the
movements, the solidity of the forms,
the delicacy of expression are truly ad
mirable.
And the revelation of soul is a no less
in Excelsior Hall on Tuesday evening
next. A good programme has been pre
pared.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF HONOR.
Grand Protector Mrs. .L. J. Wheeloek
has returned from Indianapolis, where she
attended a meeting of the errand protec
tors and grand secretaries, held there last
September. To celebrate her return Au
rora Lodge, of which she la a member,
tendered her a reception last Monday, at
which there were present many members
of the order. The hall was prettily deco
rated with flowers and evergreens. Dur
ing the evening Mrs. Wheelock grave an
acount of her visit Kast and what was
done at the convention, to which she was
the only lady delegate. She stated that
she was placed on the most important
committees and told of the work that will
be done in consequence of the suggestions
by the convention, and which she declar
ed will result in the advancement of the
order particularly in California.
THE SENTINELS.
A new local fraternal organization call
ed the Sentinels of the Universe has just
been organized, and steps have been
taken to organize the first council in this
city. It will be known as Washington
Council, and will be Instituted before the
close of the current month with 100 mem
ben Another will shortly be instituted
in Oakland. The Supreme Council has
been instituted with the following named
officers: Henry C. Gesford, past supreme
sentinel; J. L. Geary Jr.. supreme senti
nel- George W. Austin, supreme vice sen
tinel and auditor; W. W. Brackett. su
preme secretary: FJ.Claysen supreme
treasurer; Charles E. Parent, M. D., su
preme medical examiner; P. T. Bowers,
supreme conductor; Howard J. Hill, su
preme guard, and A. J. Weinert, supreme
S< The > first entertainment and dance by
the Sentinels will be given next Wednes
day in Memorial Hall. Odd Fellows' build
ing. It will be a complimentary affair.
THE NATIONAL UNION.
Last Monday night Yosemite, the oldest
council in the State of California, held a
meeting at which two candidates were
initiated in the presence of visitors from
California and Golden Gate councils.
This council has not made the advance
that its standing in the order, that of
the pioneer of the Californian councils,
entitles it to, but recently the members
nave decUWl to become active and see if
they carnot do as well as some of theother
ocll subordinates. After the Initiation
there were addresses by President Hast
inf£ of the Cabinet, President Arter of
Golden Gate Council and others.
There will not be any assessment during
the month of November.
All arrangements have been completed
for the grand smoKer to be given in Elks'
Hall by California and Golden Gate
councils on the last Tuesday of the cur
rent month.
AMERICAN GUILD.
San Francisco Chapter of the American
Guild at its meeting last Wednesday night
added four by initiation to its roll of
membership, and will add four more at
the next meeting. The chapter lias been
doing remarkably well during the past
two months, and it expects that as a
result of the smoker given in the banqiir
hall of the Native Sons' building last
night quite a number will be added to the
Ch The°entertainment that is to be given
on the night of Thanksgiving day by To
males Chapter in the town of that name
has been extensively advertised n all
tans of Mnrin County, and the indica-
Boniare that it will be one of the granci
«rt affairs that has ever taken place in
the wunty. There will be first-class tal
ent much of it from this city and Leone
brothers will furnish the music.
FORESTERS OF AMERICA.
The grand high jinks that was given
on the night of the 4th- inst. by the mem
bers of Court Palo Alto was another evi
dence that this court stands in the front
rank as entertainers. The members and
their friends filled the social hall of the
Alcazar building, and they were enter
tained with a varied programme of music,
songs wrestling matches and story tell
ing that met with the heartiest apprecia
tion Loo Kaufman was the master of
ceremonies, Jind taking his cue from the
Elks imposed a number of small tines on
members for all sorts of absurd acts.
The committee of arrangements consist
ing' of the master of ceremonies, Leon
Morris T. Conn, J. Kasser, M. S. Meyer.
J. Raphekl, J. S. Meyer E. Levy and
Bert Kahn served refreshments and a
collation.
COMPANIONS, F. OF A.
Grand Chief Companion Ira W. Coburn,
ALEXANDER HARRISON and His Most Successful Paintings
_ LEXANDER HARRISON, who
A is visiting this city, commenced
jLJ hia studies here at the Art As
f^\ sociation, more than a score . of
I years ago. He spent a great
/ deal of time at Monterey with
Jules Tavernier, and there developed
the knowledge and instinct that first
displayed themselves .in the "Chateau
in Spain," and eventually led up to the
"Grand Mlroir." his latest success.
The first-named picture gave but lit
tle prophecy of the wonderful qualities
of color and tone that go to make up
the latter work. "Lea Amateurs" fol
lowed the "Chateau in Spain." This
Important canvas (now in the. Art In
stitute at Chicago), though charming
in its naive simplicity is still a long
leap from Harrison's : subsequent tri
umphs. . r '
. "The Wave," which is probably one
of the greatest marines ever painted,
gave to Paris a new sensation. The
Parisians had been used to the old
school of marine — with the one-two
three movement of waves— had a
lordly disregard of such matters as
planes and values; so this masterpiece,
with its harmonious tone of grayish
green, with faint rose clouds floating far
away in their proper plane against the
retreating sea beneath, marked a new
and brilliant adventure in the field of
art.
Then the "Twilight," now in the Cor
coran gallery at Washington, brought
fresh laurels to its painter and a new
method in the use of prismatic colors,
an effect that is not so much seen as
felt in all of Harrison's recent work.
It produces that peculiar vibration of
light and color, so sought after by ar
tists and so seldom realized in the re
sults.
wonderful achievement. Their philoso
phers, priests and female divinities
have the same atmosphere of retreat
and contemplative life that we realize
in our own Gothic statues.
Other objects attract us by their
beauty of detail, their delicacy of work
manship, the care and symmetry, for
instance, with which traces of gold and
silver and delicately toned enamels are
laid on backgrounds of dark green or
moss-color in the fabrication of sacred
vessels. There is a strikingly well-bal
anced teapot in the form of a duck;
there is a realistic figure of a seated
emperor gouged out of blocks of wood;
there are porcelains, ivories, stones, all
strangely and artistically wrought.
It is again an interesting study to
contemplate those of the works that
are distinctly Chinese, and which retain
that impression of grandeur and harsh
ness which is peculiar to their art since
its creation 2COO years before our era,
and to compare these with the marvel
ous adaptability and delicate gayety of
the Japanese objects.
Western artists will not come to the
Musee Cernuschi to find forms which
they may imitate, but rather to study
the working-out of the forms. Above
all they may learn much about impart
ing an impression of strength and sol
idity to their works. Nothing is better
qualified to bring out the sense of fra
gility with the haste of production
that lurks in modern European works
of art than a simple visit to this new
museum, which is becomine the talk of
the artistic world of Europe.
in company with a delegation from Bon
| Ha Circle, Mrs. Davis, grand trustee, and
Miss Agnes Bremer, grand financial sec
retary, paid a visit to Oakland Circle last
Monday and were well entertained after
. the work was over.
Grand Treasurer Mrs. K. A. Haughy.
i Mrs. rarrahar. P. G. C. C and a delega
tion from Bay City Circle paid a fraternal
i visit last week to Hamlet Circle in Ala
| moda. They, too, were well entertained.
The committee of arrangements an
' nounces that it has made all preparations
: for the social event to be given by Inter
) Nos Circle of the Companions of the For
! est of America in the social hall of the
I Alcazar building on the night of the 23d
I inst.
* THE JUNIORS.
The Alameda County executive board
; at the last held meeting appointed six
! grand lecturers for the new term. The
first of the new series of lectures wil!
• be delivered on the ISth inst. before Logan
I Council.
Yosemite Council of Alameda will give
| a whist party on the 13th of December.
There will in addition be a good pro
j gramme and light refreshments.
I ANCIENT ORDER OF FORESTERS.
During the past week High Chief Ran
ger Boehm visited Court Star of the
west, and in company of High Court
Secretary Goldaracena visited Court M:>.z
zinl. On Thursday night Court Triumph
in Oakland was visited. At each court
the high officer was cordially welcomed.
To-morrow night the high chief rangei
will visit the court in Stockton.
COMPANIONS OF THE FOREST.
During the past week there were initia
tions in Washington and Euroka circles.
To-morrow night Loyal Circle will work
in the initiatory degree.
Next month Liberty Circle will move
Into new quarters in Mission Opera Hall.
Mrs. Napier, deputy of Sunshine Circle
of Merced, and Mrs. Polk, a member of
the same circle, called on Supreme Grand
Secretary Mrs. Morrow last Thursday.
They report their circle as doing well.
Past Grand Supreme Treasurer Mrs.
Abbie E. Corwln passed away last Mon
day after an Illness of nearly six months.
Her funeral was conducted under the
auspices of Loyal Circle, of which she
was an active member.
SHERWOOD'S ANNIVERSARY.
Sherwood Circle, Companions of the
Forest, celebrated its sixth anniversan'
on the Gth inst. by a ball In the social hall
of the Foresters' building. The affair was
a most pleasant one, just enough there to
fill the nail pleasantly, and still give the
dancers plenty of room. The programme
of dances was a select one and under the
direction of Miss Lulu Mitchell, the floor
manager, who was ably assisted by Miss
O. Meyer. The committee of arrange
ments presented each guest a souvenir of
the occasion, and during intermission in
vited all to the banquet hall, where there
was served up a fine collation under the
superlntendency of Mrs. Esther Dunn,
the chief compaion. The affair was one
that will long be remembered with pleas
ure by all who participated.
FRIENDS OF THE FOREST.
The entertainment that was recently
given by Mizpah Lodge was one of the
most successful that has ever been given
by that energetic fraternal society of the
Mission district. One of the most attrac
tive features was the performance of
Mabel Pttefer, a little song and dance ar
tist, who for one so young has developed
a wonderful aptitude in the line of sing
ing and dancing. She won the admiration
and applause of all who were present.
Miss fva Parker, whose specialties are
coon songs, was also warmly applauded.
Lincoln Lodge on last Monday night in
itiated two candidates and appointed
committees to investigate four applicants
for admission.
Pioneer Lodge had an initiation and sev
eral applications hist Tuesday night.
After the meeting Mrs. A. Boehm, a mem
ber of the lodge/ who is past supreme
president and was recently appointed
supreme treasurer, was the hostess at a
collation she gave to the lodge and visit
ors in celebration of the appointment. A
pleasant hour was spent.
Richmond Lodge is arranging for a mas
querade party, and in December Pioneer
Lodge will give a donkey party.
ORDER OF PENDO.
Ernest Duden, supreme secretary, hav
ing visited the councils in the southern
part of the State of California, has gone
to Texas to look after the councils there.
He will then go to Florida, Maryland.
Virginia, Ohio, Montana, Washington and
Oregon, and on his return will visit the
councils in the northern part of Califor
nia.
During September 153 application* were
By Charles Rollo Peters
The "Arcadia" provoked a storm of
argument among- the critics— a sure
sign of its originality. Previous to the
appearance of this work the artists
who painted the nude in the open air
were content to make a small sketch
of the landscape (though often even
this small compliment to nature was
omitted) and then the figures were
worked up in the studio, without any
regard of the difference between being
painted in the open air and in the
scant, artificial light of the studio. In
the "Arcadia" all the figures were
painted out of doors; there the models
were posed, there the landscape was
painted. And the result warranted the
pains taken to surmount the difficulties
that the conventional had erected
against the true.
The "Arcadia's" success, great as it
was ten years ago, has increased year
by year; the picture has won more
medals than any other modern work.
"The Bathers," another example of
the nude out of doors, combines Harri
son's two special triumphs— the nude
studied in the open and the marine. It
is an important canvas and has gained
much merited praise from artists and
critics abroad.
"The Boy in the Boat" represents
Harrison in the Luxembourg gallery,
though artists feel that it is hardly im
portant enough to represent so strong
NEW STATUE OF THE QUEEN.
MEMORIAL OF THE DIAMOND JUBILEE.
THE NEW STATUE OF Th|E QUEEN BY FRAMPTON.
SHE fine statue of the Queen, now being executed by
George Frampton, A. R. A., is illustrated here. The
photographs are from the sketch model which Mr.
Frampton took down to Osborne for her Majesty's
inspection and with which she declared herself
greatly pleased.
The statue is to go to Calcutta as a memorial of the
Diamond Jubilee, and will be placed under a canopy of
Portland stone, 50 feet high by 40 feet wide. The Queen
is represented as seated, clad in the robes of the Order of
the Star of India, in which she was proclaimed Empress.
The whoie statue will be twenty-seven feet high, the figure
being two-and-a-half times life size, and will be carried
out in light bronze. There are, however, to be other ma
terials employed— ivory with gold decorations for the scep
ter, lapis lazuli for the orb, surmounted by a littie golden
figure of St. George; ten inches high. The crown and
received, and during October, up to the
25m. i::r> w< n received, at the office of the
supreme secretary.
The Social Hall of the Foresters build
was crowded last Monday night by an
audience present by invitation of Golden
Gate Coumil of the Order of Pendo.
There was offered an interesting pro
gramme of entertaining- numbers. There
was a piano recital by Miss Eaton vocal
solos by Miss B. Dnden, A. W. Williams,
Miss H. Ayew and Mr. Swansen; zither
solo. Hv Sonnenberg; piano selections.
Miss Lena Clark: recitation. Miss Minnie
Schenk" song and dance, Miss Lillie Whit
man; whistling solo. Mrs. Whittaker,
and piano recital, Mr*. Ellery. H. W.
Mathews addressed the audience on the
operations of the order, and after the
programme there was dancing until mid
night During the evening the guests of
the council were invited to nic banquet
hall where there was served icecream
and 'a delicate collation. The success of
the affair is due to Mrs. Anne Page. Mrs.
Sarah Massey, A. J. Colby and Dr. J.
Ball.
LADIES OF THE MACCABEES.
California Hive gave its first entertain
ment, drill and dance last Wednesday
night in the Social Hall of the Foresters'
building, in the presence of a large num
ber of ladies and gentlemen, the ladies
predominating. Mrs. Isabel M. Strong,
lady commander, was the directress of
the evening and she introduced those who
contributed to the enjoyment of the even
ing. Tnese were Mrs. Burges, Miss John
son, Miss Erskine and Robert Duncan,
who favored with vocal solos, and Miss
Moffat, who gave a recitation. Mrs.
Eudocia 3. Moffat. D. S. C, delivered a
a painter.
The "Misty Morning," a charming
though little known Harrison is consid
ered by painters to be one of the art
ist's beßt creations. "The Bathing
Boys" was dentroyed by fire in Phila
delphia some years ago, much to the
regret of many admirers.
"Midocean," a powerful and dramatic
marine (in itself a "new note"^ is the
property of the master sculptor, Rodin
— the impreeslonist in marble — who ex
changed his famous group "La Source"
for a work by his confrere.
"Le Grand Mlroir" hangs in the priv
ate apartments of William of Germany.
This picture is Harrison's latest suc
cess and won for its author much sin
cere favor at the last Champs de Mars
Salon. It is a performance of the
highest power and combines the quali
ties that have made its painter cele
brated. One can but say that it justi
fies its title and is, in very fact, the
mirror of truth.
We could go on indefinitely describ
ing Harrison's triumphs, his excellent
summer's work at East Hampton, Long
Island, done in company with that ex
cellent painter of landscape, Roger
Donohoe (a man of whom all good
Americans are justly proud), and last
but not least, his late work at KGonte
rey, of which the artist is quite proud.
And Harrison is a modest man.
From a Photograph.
wreath upon the head of the Queen will be in gold, while
another note of color will be added in the cushion behind
the shoulders, enameled in pale blue and white. The back
of the statue shows the graceful folds of the robes setting
off to advantage the severely beautiful lines of the archi
tectural chair or throne. Side by side, in bold relief, are
the emblematic lion and tiger of Great Britain and India,
the sun, which never sets over the Queen's vast dominion,
rising above them. Two figures at the top of the chair
represent Art and Literature and Justice, and are sup
ported by capitals carved to represent English oak leaves
and an Indiajn sacred tree.
The base will be of richly colored marble, and will bear
the royal arms in colored enamel in front, supported by
bronze figures of Indians. Though in the execution of the
work some slight alterations may be made the general
effect will be the same as that shown in the sketch.
The statue is an excellent likeness of her Majesty, and
Mr. Frampton has conveyed in a remarkable manner the
idea of imperial dignity.
9hort address, setting forth the purposes
of this order,- composed wholly of women,
managed by women and now numbering
over 93,000 in the United States and the
Dominion of Canada. She also announced
that on the 15th lnst.. the headquarters of
the order for California and the west
would be opened at 919 Hyde street, and
that on that day there would be a recep
tion from 3 o'clock In the afternoon
until 10 o'clock at night. The programme
was followed by an exhibition drill by a
number of the ladies of the hive in uni
form and wearing jaunty mortar boards.
A number of pretty and intricate move
ment were executed and were deservedly
applauded. Then followed dancing and
the serving of refreshments.
THE RATHBONE SISTERS.
San Francisco Temple No. 11 was visited
officially last Thursday night by Grand
Chief Mrs. Fitzgerald of Sacramento and
other grand officers, and the occasion was
a pleasant one. The members of the
temple were congratulated upon the suc
cess for the term and urged to continue
with renewed energy in the good work in
which they are engaged. The visitors
were honored with a collation, and after
that there was a social hour.
Royal Temple, organized by Mrs. Sam
uels, was instituted in Oakland with fifty
charter members last week. The event
was followed by a banquet.
WOMAN'S RELIEF CORPS.
General George G. Meade Relief Corps
No. 61, W. R. C, initiated one candidate
at Its last held meeting, and will have an
other at the next. Laura J. Robinson of
Lincoln Corps, past department president,
inspected Meade Corps recently. There
was a full attendance of the membership
Whistler wittily said. "All the poetry
of English art is in the catalogue. He
might add that nearly all the poetry
of French art is in the Louvre and
Luxembourg, for. were it not for the
paintings ot foreigners, among wnien
th-* works of Americans occupy an im
! portant place, the Paris salons would
' cut but a sorry figure. The jingle of the
American dollar has led more than one
Btrong Frenchman astray. Though, of
course, the bourgeois still cling to Con
stant and Carolus Duran, the more
cultivated would prefer \A histler,
Sargent, Scotch Outhrle, Irish La
very. English Brangwyn. The blood
that won the day at Manila
and Santiago proves its power on a
more gentle field. And with all honor to
Whistler, the master, it is an art fact
that Alexander Harrison, is Americas
most individual painter. Sweeping as
this claim may be. we know of no art
ist in whose work there is more of
himself and less of his master than
in that of the author of "The Wave
the "Arcadia" and "Le Grand Miroir.
When writing of a friend it is hard
to say unkind things. I hope to be
forgiven the many harsh words in this
article; but being myself a pupil of
this sincere master, I felt compelled to
respect his training and tell the truth
at any cost.
I?" CHARLES ROLLU ±-£JiJi.«.o.
and officers, and the inspector compli
mented the corps on the work that it had
done during the year. Mrs. Mikklesen.
president of the corps, has been untiring
during her term in building up the mem
bership, and has succeeded in adding
many names to the roll.
BTfE B'RITH.
Grand Prcsidont H. Gutstadt, in com
pany with Grand Orator Rev. J. Nefto,
started from this city yesterday fur a
visit to the lotfgos of Portland. " At the
close of that visit tin- srand orator will
return to this city, and the grand presi
dent will continue his visits to the lodges
in Seattle, Spokane, Butte. Salt L;ik",
Reno and Carson City. He will then re
turn to this city, when he will be joined
by Grand Secretary Aschheim, and they
will visit the lodges of Merced, Fresno,
Los Angeles and San Bernardino. The
grand officers have been assured that
there will be initiations wherever they
visit.
During the past two weeks Unity Lodge
added four to its membership.
KXIGHTS OF HONOR.
The grand officers have arranged to
pay a visit to Fidelity Lodge on the
night of the ISth inst
The Past Dictators' Association will
visit Union Lodge on next Tuesday.
San Jose Lodge will have sixteen candi
dates to initiate on the first Tuesday in
December. The grand dictator and other
grand officers will be present.
The grand officers visited Garden City
Lodge on Thursday and witnessed the ad
dition of two n.-w members. Members of
the lodge pledged themselves to increase
the membership to 100 in the next six
months.MISTAKES THAT HAPPEN
AT THE BALDWIN
■ Th.-M-o is one thing to be said in favor
of "Mistakes Will Happen," which is
that it is a clean farce that no young
man need blush to take his father to
pee. However bad it may be as a
piece of theatrical architecture, it is
safe and wholesome in motive and epi
sode. We want clean farces in Amer
ica—we want clever ones, too, but they
must b« clean just the same. That
Grant Stewart's piece is not clever has
but little to do with the new national
policy* which is fur all the devilment
you want, so long as it is within the
bounds of decency. I believe in giving
to the serious dramatist an almost un
limited license as regards motive ana
exploitation, providing he really is a
serious dramatist; but not so to the
farce writer. ll.* must be held to a
limit. The fact that he hasn t HWI
been limited, that no sins and prob
lems have been too sacred for h.s
hoarse jest, helps to account for the ;
vulgar plays of more ambitious nature
that hay. been pushed forward in the
disguise of sincerity. The profit that
has come out of tainted farce has been |
an alluring bait for the hack writers of
the solemn stage. They have taken i
pruriency and prosperity to be in closer I
kin than alliteration. The result is
that such fake erotics as "The Conquer
ors." "The Tree of Knowledge" and |
"The Christian," built to shock and j
tickle the groundlings, can wallow in j
popularity, while a strenuous Ibsen .
play, or a Pinero imitation of a strenu^ j
ous* Ibsen play, or a brilliantly fantas
tical social satire by George Bernard
Shaw is damned and derided. Limit
the farce writer, I say, and give the j
urgent dramatist a chance to utter |
himself. A farce ought not to deal in
the vital passions and problems 'and j
make them part of the cheap smirking
Btock in trade of theatrical commerce, j
The most Indecent play I ever saw on
the stage was a piece called "Don't Tell
Her Husband," which was produced
here by the Frawleys and lately given
In New York under another title. It j
was written by Augustus Thomas, the
cleverest of the American play writers,
;,nd it was intended as a farce, and of
all the jokes ever aimed at marital in
fidelity it was the most brutal. Mr.
Thomas is not the only American who
has tried to copy the stained pleasures
of the Parisians. We are just recov
ering from a two years' siege of native
tenderloin exposures rank enough to
have called out the police. I say "re
covering" advisedly, because the qual- ;
ity and intention of farce are now look- j
ing up. The American farce is now |
more or less typified in such j
pieces as "The Man From Mcxi- j
co" and "What Happened to Jones," j
and no matter how long delayed j
is the coming of the American |
drama the American farce is an immev ,
diate fact. The American is by na- |
ture and habit humorous; he is sharp,
alert and inventive in his fun. Look
at our comic weeklies, which beat the
world /<>r smart, wholesome fun! And
there is no reason why the theater
should lag more than ten years behind
the comic papers. The history of lit- i
erature shows that in the lonp run the ;
stage has always held its own. It Is
having a hard fight now, but so is tht
fiction that you take from books in
stead of from actors. Books try for i
long runs nowadays, just as plays do,
and as with plays the effort usually
h lls them. Large immediate populari
tiea and the newspapers are the dead
liest enemies of literary art. The book
that is most like your favorite morn- j
ing paper sells best— that is, quickest.
It has to sell out in a rush.
People care almost as little about last
years books as they do about last
year's papers. The same with plays. A
few of the better plays and a few of the
better books live on a bit to die linger
ing deaths In cheaper editions. (Of
course I am not considering the abso
lute masterpieces.) The newspapers
menace the theater by encouraging it
t<->o much. It is the modern newspaper
___ _^_~_~~^. ,__,_ _ AMUSEMENTS. • . .- \- . •
BALDWIN
GOTTLOB, MARX & CO., Lessees and Mgrs.
NO PERFORMANCE TONIGHT.
BEGINNING MONDAY. LAST WEEK.
Tin Laughing Success of the Year,
Mr. Jacob Litt Presents Grant Stewart's Suc-
cessful Comedy,
Mistakes
WILL
Happen.
A GREAT COMPANY,
Headed by
CHARLES BICKSON and
HENRIETTA CROSMAN.
Nov. 21— "SECRET SERVICE."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng, Proprietor and Met.
TO-NIGHT— TIME,
The Queen of Comic Operas,
OIROFLE-GIROFLA.
TO-MORROW EVENING
The New Comedy Opera,
"SUZETTE."
A MUSICAL TREAT.
Popular Prices— 2s cents and 50 , cents.
A Reserved Seat for the Matinee, 25c.
" SUTROJBATHS.
SUNDAY, NOV. 13, AT 2:30 P. M.
SWIMMING RACES
FOR VAI. ABLE PRIZES
AND MUSIC BY .HE GAULOISE BAND.
ADMISSION 10; - - - - CHILDREN it '
Open Dally from 7 A. M. to 0 P. M.
Bathing from 7 A. M. to 5 P. M.
BY ASHTON STEVENS.
that has made possible the modern
theater, just as it has made the actor
I the most notorious figure that stands
on two legs. However, to go back to
farces, the one at the Baldwin which
started me off on this ramble is a
wrong effort in the right moral direc
tion. It lacks plot, character and sur
prise. Among the characters are an
actor and an actress whose marriage
is, for professional reasons, a secret.
He has written a play and each, un
known to the other, is working to have
somebody produce it. After a most
solemn and unfarce-like first act in ,
which nothing happens, you are shown
the interior of a coach house with a
flight of stairs at either side leading to
the loft. The actor has in tow a mil
lionaire's wife, who in private is given
to calcium dreams, and he reads from
the play with an idea to coaching her
in the heroine's part. A man with his
maiden play will stop at nothing, not
even a married amateur. To the same
place and on a similar business come
the actress and the millionaire. She
doesn't exactly want to make an actor
out of him; she will be satisfied to see
him an angel. One couple is down
stairs, the other is in the loft; and dis
covering that they are not alone the
good old game of hide and seek com- 1
mences. As the actress and the old |
gentleman run down one flight of stairs
the actor and amateur run up the
other. By miraculous coincidence they
do not meet. With two flights of stairs
and a quartet of agile stage persons
bent on blindness this coincidence may
be kept running ad lib. In "Mistakes
Will Happen" it seems to be limited
only by the endurance of the company,
which seems to be in the pink of sprint
ing condition. An incidental attraction
of this act is a real coupe and a stream
of real water which is played into the
vehicle and over its occupants. The
next act Is rather clever in a purely
verbal way for an act of "explanation,"
but the cleverness is too long in the
coming. Charles Dickson, as the actor,
COLUMBIA ]
theater;
GOTTLOB. MARX & CO.. Lessees and Mgra.
TO-NIGHT (SUNDAY).
Monday begins Second and Last "Week.
The Peerless Magician,
Assisted by MRS. KELLAR.
In a Series of MYSTIFYING ORIENTAL IL-
LUSIONS.
NEW FEATURES:
All f AX ODD TITLE FOR THE MOST
1 1 M I ASTOUNDING FEAT EVER PRO-
Ull I'DUCED BY A MAGICIAN! A man
seated on a chair at footlights, se-
curely bound and his hands held by f. commit-
tee. Instantly disappears at Kellar's command.
THE MYSTERY OF L'HASSA.
A Mahatma Marvel in Which Kellar Defies
the Laws of Gravitiation. -
GET RID OF YOUR WIFE.
The Comedy Number of a Marvelous Pro-
. ■ gramme. • :
Nov. 21— "AT GAY CONEY ISLAND."
IOROSCO'S GRANDE
V alike Mokosco, Sole Lessee and Manages. «
To-Day and To-Nlght— Last Performances of
STRANGLERS OF PARIS.
COMMENCING MONDAY, NOVEMBER 14.
First Production on This Coast of Waldron
and Kills* Great Eastern Success,
A Midnight Trust
AN IMMENSE CAST— POWERFUL PLAY.
POPULAR PRICES telephone Green 861.
Reserved Seats . .25 and r>Oc
j Family Circle and Gallery .. 10c
MATINEES Saturday and Sunday
Heats on sale at box office and 'main floor
.Emporium. ■ ;'; ' ■ .'
ORPHEUM—EXTRA.
FIRST CONCERT.
SAN FRANCISCO SYMPHONY SOCIETY. .
FRITZ SCHEEL, Musical Director. .
THURSDAY AFTERNOON. Nov. 17, at 3:15.
- PROGRAMME -CLUDES: ••
1 Symphony No. 4. "n. 38, Tschalkowsky; over-
ture and suite In A minor. Bach.
PRICES 75c, *1 and $1 60. ';; : - 7 i
Seats on sale at the Orpheum on and. after
to-morrow (Monday) No-ember 14. '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1898.
Is as light and easy as ever and doubt
less would distinguish himself if the
stuff were in the part, and Miss Henri
etta Crossman plays the amateur with
fleet humor and a certain worldliness of
manner that is very charming:. In fact
all the women do well, Miss Carrie
Behr getting new fun out of the old
Dutch servant girl even at this time
of day. Something besides cleanliness
in favor of the author is that he does
not expand on the subject of secretly
married player folk. He leaves the idea
practically untouched to a cleverer
man, and I hope that somebody of that
description will take it up soon. If
anybody ever needed to scorch in the
sunshine of comedy and smart under
the sting of satire it is the manager
who will not let his players live quiet
married lives and who will give Mr.
Zangrwill the chance to say this: "Once
actors were not permitted to marry— a
prohibition which some still avail them
selves of." These managerial enemies
to art and posterity ought to be ex
posed. ASHTON STEVENS.
The TiVoli.
For to-morrow night the Tivoll prom
ises an interesting production of "Su
zette," a comic opera that was sung with
success by the Bostonians. The music is
written by Oscar Weil, a musician of na
tional repute, who has been especially
identified, with the musical progress of
San Francisco. The book is from the
French and the. story skeletonized is as
follows: Suzette has been drilled
brought to .the house of a great lord an"'
CALIFORNIA
THKATBR,
GOTTLOB, MARX & CO., Lessees and Mgrm.
pmrpc. ** two WEEKS.
,c ' COMMENCING TO-NIGHT
iV» (Sunday). November 13,
P c » WM. CALDER
•toe And Company
CA- In a Magnificent Scenic Produc-
3"v» tlon of Harkins and Harbour's
ROMANTIC MILITARY PLAY,
NORTHERN
LOTS.
59 PEOPLE ON THE STAGE.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
OLYMPIA, C o^l2 n d- y .
America's Most Beautiful Music Hall.
PACKED TO THE DOORS NIGHTLY.
ONLI JtuJBE THKATEH k-L*A.iLS*J EAST-
ERN STARS.
THE NEW YORK FAVORITES.
MULVEY and INMAN,
In Their. Great Specialties.
LAST WEEK OF THE CELEBRATED
The Four Florences!
Return of the Favorites,
KELLY AND VIOLETTE,
Very Latest . Coon Songs, .
a:;d a wonderful show
• Of Ten Great Acts. . «
MATINEE SUNDAY. ADMISSION FREE.
ROSENTHAL.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
| EVENING DEC. 23 & AFTERNOON DEC. 31.
Weekly Gall;sl.sflD6rYGar
made to assume his dress and title. She
is a simple country girl, unused to fine
manners, but during the action of the
piece she completely turns the tables on
the Marquis, who has made her the vic
tim of this practical joke. The Tivoli com
pany, which has never been stronger than
at present, will contribute this cast:
Suzette (alternating) Anna Lichter
Annie Myers
The Marquis of Tollebranch Wm. Pruette
The Marchioness Elvia Crox
Captain Vieubec Edwin Stevens
Jouarde William Schuster
Renee Jules Slmonson
Domingo William H. West
Hubert Ashley Barkele w
Fisherman Fred Ka vanagh
The BaldWirv
"Mistakes Will Happen" continues all
week at the Baldwin. On the following
Monday night William Gillette will in
troduce "Secret Service" to San Fran
cisco. This piece, which deals with the
Rebellion, is reputed to be the greatest
war play ever written. It has Deen a
AMUSEMENTS.
&L >^k Aab Kansas City, Mo., Estab. 1 897
WALTER W ORPHEUM CO., Proprietors.
If) -> WEEK COMMENCIKO MONDAY. NOVEMBER I4TH. |A
IV/ BRIGHT NEW STAIRS AND NOVELTIES » "
ENGAGEMENT EXTRAORDINARY OF THE GREAT COMEDY STAR.
*«■ HARRY LACY
f In the Charming Comedy Conceit Written by Himself. Entitled
• - - - - - "808 RfICKETT'S PrtJAmAS." • - - - - -
Assisted by MISS IDA VAN SICLEN AND Company.
Debut in San Francisco of Vaudeville's latest acquisition,
MISS FLO IRWIN «£?,
Presenting the Up-to-Date Comedy "THE GAT MISS CON.'"
JAMES CULLEN BROTHERS flood"
America's Favorite Descriptive Vocalist. . , Monarchs of the Acrobatic World. .■'/'/
FRANK AND pON^ffSSgtas:.
■■_ Greatest Animal Novelty on Earth.
HERBERT'S TROUPE OF DOGS
22 in Number— ln th> Most Thrilling Triokg Htm Don* »y Dogi on th« VmdeTllU SUg».
TAULINE ' EJ It f f The Famous Operatic Star
MA+Ui~l /WC nMLL* In a New Repertoire.
BEATRICE MORELAND And £»22 , THE BIGGRAPH-
In Their Great Laughing Hit. "A Game of Golf." With new Series of Views.
MATINEE TO-DAY (Sunday) Joy^^^^^^ 1Oc;
■ Z=Z- 1
m TTT SUNDAY, NOV. 13. IS9B. at l:J0 p
I i lAf m.. Grand Concert BY THE
> f 1 GLEN PARK BAND.
Balloon Ascension and Parachute
Hy. Jump by Professor Hagal,
1/ (weather permitting:).
P, GLEN PARK IS A PARADISE
JJ FOR CHILDREN.
Plenty of Swings, See-aaws. Ply.
II Tl ! Ing Dutchmen; Merry-go-Round;
! L Donkey Riding; Moito Castle, full
Pi of Animals; Elk and Deer Pa<Mocka:
** Seal Lakes; I^arge Aviary; Squirrel
i House: New Pavilion.
n 1/ I Admission 10c. Children under 6
V X j yearn free. Take San Mateo Eleo-
11 IV j trie road. Valencia. Mission and
j Butter street car* transfer.
No liquors sold in Gleu Park.
trans-Atlantic success, the London critics
pronouncing it to be the melodrama of
the century. "Secret Service" started the
boom for American plays in England.
The Goiumbia.
The Columbia offers the same bill for
the new week— Kellar, the magician.
Kellar gives a good entertainment, excel
ling in cabinet and cage illusions. His
performance is versatile, finished, and al
together enjoyable.
J^orosco's.
A melodrama new to us, and called "A
Midnight Trust," will be the bill for the
week at Morosco's. The story handles
fthe usual quantity of crime and virtue,
and among: the special sensations is a
"crush room"— like that described in one
of Sherlock Holmes' stories — where walls
contract, on tne unfortunate victim.
Brophy will be the hero and Lorena At
wood the heroine; Marie Winston has
been engaged for the soubrette part, and
several extra vaudeville specialists will
contribute to the performance.
The /\!cazar.
The Alcazar offers a strong bill In "A
Fool of Fortune," the play written for
William Crane by Martha Morton and
played here by him with considerable
success at the Baldwin a season or two
ago. "A Fool of Fortune" is a strong
INIiLESIDE COURSINS PARK.
TO-DAY (SUNDAY).
OPEN
STAKE!
November 19 and 20— MERCED CONSOLA-
TION STAKE and OPEN STAKE. Entrance.
$2 50. '.: ■ ;■•-• ■■ ■-•. .--....■ .'.'■v---v-
November OPEN STAKE. Entrance, -
16. a ■ •■■ ■■*&*>.--!* •
November 26 and •■ 27— NON-WINNERS'
START: and SAPLING STAKE. •• . >y.;
. Take a Mission-street car and It will land you
at the gates. ,;•.. i . ■' :*■■■■ :■: > » '. '. - : «_•.- ' , ; • •
ADMISSION 25c. LADIES FREE. '■. _
character comedy with a tragic ending,
and will put the stock company at the
Alcazar on its metal. The part of Eiisha
Cunningham is the most ambitious ever
attempted by Mr Crane.
The California.
At the California to-night will be given
the first performance in this city of
"Northern Lights," a melodrama of many
sensations and much scenery. The story
is of army and Indian life in the West,
and the cast is contributed by William
Calder's company.
J^leW Gomedvj.
The Comedy, too, offers melodrama in
the shape of "Under the Dome," whose
principal sensation is in a scene of the
hurricane which swept the harbor of Apia
in ISS9. It Is a naval play, full of war
ships and courage, and quite in keeping
with the melodramatic feelings of the
hour. The Henderson company returns
the week following to play again In "The
Crust of Society."
The Orpheum.
The Orpheum is still the most popular
place in town and has for this week six
new turns— Harry Lacey, supported by
Miss Ida Van Siclen, in a comedy skit
entitled "Bob Rackett's Pajamas"; Miss
Flo Irwin In a sketch entitled "The Gay
Miss Con '; Herbert's troupe of trained
canines; Frank ami Don in a burlesque
on prize fighting; the Flood Brothers,
I AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZARJTHEATER.
TO-NIGHT F\O RII I.
SUNDAY— LAST TIME. U IV • DILL*
TO-MORROW NIGHT
rr., I A FOOL OF
-*• FORTUNE,.
Presented by
THE ALCAZAR : STOCK.
Unique Stage Settings— Scenery.
Seats by Phone Main 254.
PRICES 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
COMEDYJTH EATER.
Souvenir MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-NIGHT
THE HEART OF CHICAGO.
TO-MORROW (MONDAY) NIGHT.
Lincoln J. Carter's Masterpiece of Stage Realism
UNDER the DOME!
ENTIRE NEW COMPANY.
EVERY EVENING— MAT. SAT. AND SUN.
NEXT MONDAY THE HENDERSON CO.
PRlCES— Matinees, 25c to all parts; 15c gal-
lery. Evenings, 15c, 26c, 85c and 50c.
Seats— Comedy Theater and Emporium.
P ific SB&ciub
Q RACING from Monday, Nov. 14, to/* i
\"V Saturday, No?. 26, inclusive. r\ i
\1 ?iv« or More Sunning Races Daily, Bain \ i
| \\ -/''■ ■ . or Bain*. '■ ~ : ..' r f\--.:
\-C - Beautiful Grounds. 1 I .
V^. "- : Superior Accommodations. ZmS '.
I ■'/: Superior Accommodations. fl\
FIRST RACE AT 2P. M. [^
0* 4 S. P. R. R. Trai*. 12:45 and 1:15 \ /
p. . m. ' dally. Leslie Third-street ii
.W Station, stopping at Valencia street. [I
t£ Returning Immediately after the >'{
f"» - races. • Round-trip ticket, 26c. * '•■#■*/ -
-l'#. ■•->' . ELECTRIC CAR LINES. , f|
1^ ; Kearny-street and - Mission-strict : 9 M . «
' I cars every three , minutes, direct to^^^
f track without change. . FUlmore- \ M
■ ■i . street cars transfer each way. :-- ' ■ <^J» .-
fi 1 ADMISSION TO THE TRACE, $1.00. '■ g\
■ii-;. ".;'•-■.'■ B. N. ANDROITS, President. > /
fl F. H. GREEN, Secretary. • ; i«^ ;
OOOOOWH)000
horizontal bar performers; James Cullen,
descriptive singer, comedian and mono
logist.
The Chutes.
The animals are doing well at tha
Chutes, and In the Free Theater a big
new variety show is offered, including
acrobats, magicians, dances and sing
ers.
The Olympia
Mulvey and Inman, black face special
ists, are a feature at the Olympia.
JYlusic.
William Armstrong's plea for "Ameri
can composers," given in the Columbia
Thursday afternoon, has already taken,
local ; effect. Mr. Scheel has graciously
promised , Mr. . Armstrong- that musical
America shall be represented on every
programme during the coming symphony
season. '
'i-'i^J. ■■-■ " : ■• '' ! «. '■ ■
THE CRIPPLE CREEK
Production of Cyrano Bergerac
AN INTERVIEW.
"At the Palace, out in Cripple, we're been
playing repertoire —
'The Hidden Hand,' 'The Fire Patrol,' 'M'llss '
and many more
Of that same kind of dramas that I can't
My wife and I and Jimmy being Star Trium
virate. *
•We did right well?' Oh. yes. sir— we made a
tidy stack.
But lost It all producing this 'Cyrano Ber
gerac'
"Forget the 'de?' Not much, sir. You pee the
fellows there
Are prejudiced against a name that haß an
UJ>lsh a.;r.
They know exactly what they want— demand
the newest plays —
So when the New York papers came they
caught the latest craze
And came uround to warn us that they'd rip
us up the back
Unless we promptly gave 'em this 'Cyrano
Berserac'
"We sent for It— at last It came. 'Great Scott."
says Jim, 'it's Greek.
Or Latin or some foreign tongue that none of
us can speak.
That stumped us! — 'till we ran across the chef
of Wolfe's Hotel.
A greasy little Dago— but he knew the lingo
well.
And bo he took the drama to his evil-smelling
shack
And turned his talents loose upon 'Cyrano Ber
gerac.'
"He worked like mad, that Dago did, through
all the nlsht and day
Trnn«la' : n' and expurgin' and improvln on
the play.
He Introduced some clever gags and dances for
Roxane
And raised the adaptation to a high artistic
plane.
And let me tell you, when 'twas done there
wasn't any lack
Of good dramatic action In 'Cyrano Bergerac.'
"The costumes and the settings were elabo-
rately planned —
That is. we did the best we could with what
we had on hand —
And — well, to make the story short, the even-
ing came at last.
And brousht with it an audience I've never
seen surpassed.
From Pemberton and Victor, from Gillette and
Rusty Tack
The boys came down In crowds to see 'Cyrano
Bergerac' *
"The curtain rose amid applause — the or-
chestra forgot
To finish up the overture — excitement was so
hot.
The play began — you've seen it, sir? It's beau-
tiful — you're right —
But you have never seen it as we put it on
that nieht.
Of course. I played the title-role, and when I
entered — back—
I swore we had a winner in 'Cyrano Bergerac'
"But Bloody Bill, of Pemberton. up from hla
seat arose.
And laid a bet with Canyon Kid he'd amputate
my nose
From where he stood. He drew his gun— a
shot— the bullet bore
My property proboscis clear across to Ben-
nett's store.
'He made a hit?' That's true, sir— but after
that, alack!
Tho boys showed little interest in 'Cyrano Ber-
gerac'
"That's all there is to tell, sir— it went from
bad to worse.
Whenever I came on the stage aome hobo
with a curse.
Would rise up in the gallery, the same as
Bloody Bill.
And mutilate my makeup with his re-
volver skill.
We clos«fJ the house, and walked the ties— l'm
happy to be back —
And never will play agatn 'Cyrano Bergerac.' "
—RANDOLPH HARTLEY, in the Mirror.
AMUSEMENTS. ' '
CHUTES AND ZOO!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
"CONGO," the Gorilla Man.
"JOE STORMS JR.," Orang-Outang,
and ;: Sall?, si only Chimpanzee
m \^aerlca. All captured 80t miles up til*
Gaboon Rrrcr, on the west coast ■of Airica.
. AND ■ NEW i 2*OVptO PICTURES !
NSW BILL ' ISJ THE yREE THEATER. '
Every THURSDAY, . AMATEToR NIGHT.
10c, Including Zoo and 1 Theater; Children, to;
Sundays and Holidays, 10c. . * '•-' -
BASEBALL!
RECREATION PARK,
WATSONVILLE vs. OAKLAND.
Billy Lange-of Chirac will play with. Watson-
;..-*.«'j.^-.".!--:w.vlHe.- ' -■■ -;" : - •:' :■' ; ;- .
JTO-DAT. AT 2:15 P. U. &)W-
2930
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
6llver unchanged.
Bank clearings fall off again.
Wheat a Bhade firmer.
Other Cereals dull.
Hay and Feedatuffs unchanged.
Beans and Seeds quiet.
More changes In Candles.
Potatoes and Vegetables about the urn*.
Butter firm and cleanng up.
Eggs continue firm.
Turkeys weak and dull.
Game about the same.
Fruits unchanged.
Dried Fruits dull.
Provisions unchanged.
Hides tending downward.
Meat market the same.
OUR CASH AND DEBTS.
The following is a statement of the public
debt and of the cash In the treasury of the
United States at the close of business Octo
ber 31. received from Secretary Gage: Inter
est-bearing debt, $1,026,766,960; debt on which
Interest has ceased since maturity, $1,246,870 26;
debt bearing no Interest, $383,191,367 64; certifi
cates and treasury notes, offset by an equal
amount of cash In the treasury. $553,631,933; ag- ,
gregate of debt, $1,964,837,130 90. Compared
with the statement issued September 30. the
figures show a decrease of certificates and
treasury notes amounting to $42".t'. r o n " ( '^ n
Increase in the aggregate debt of $36,6/8,360. The
ca*h In the treasury at the date mentioned
was: Gold. f275.224.0H 48; silver, $505,929,775 12;
paper. $55 528.237 38; bonds, minor coin, frac
tional currency, etc.. 596.56G.313 33; aggregate,
$933 249 397 31. The cash bßlance In the treas- |
ury. September 30. was $307,557,503 62. and on
October 30, $300,235,275 30. showing a decrease
during the month of $7,319,228 22.
THE HAY MARKET.
The circular of Scott 4 Magner says: "Ar
rivals of Hay in the San Francisco market
during the six days Just passed amount to 1504
tons. "While this amount is considerably less
than what we have been receiving of late, yet
It was found more than sufficient to fully sup
ply the market during that time.
The demand right through the trade is de
cidedly light. There is not much demand for
•hipping purposes, and locally the only demand
we found has been for current sale orders. The
general feeling there fore has been thoroughly
'^Tne stock of hay In that part of the State
tributary to this market shows on the Ist of
November to be 103,000 tons. This amount is
about "5 per cent in excess of the amount on
hand a year ago. This showing has not had
a salutary effect upon the market.
Arrivals from -on. Nevada and other dis
tricts have been lighter for the last couple of
weeks, as the present prices are not at this
time enough Inducement to permit extended
shipments.
Arrivals of alfalfa hay have not been as
large as heretofore, but they have been con
siderably in advance of what the demand has
been. Prices are still very easy. Choicest
river alfalfa hay baled wltn rope brings Jll to
$11 50; No. 1 river hay. Sin GO to $11 : Sacramento
of San Jnaquin Valley offerings command from :
JK' to 110 50 per ton.
Arrivals of straw lately have been a trifle
in excess of what the current demand has
been, and naturaly sales have been a little
forced.
BANK CLF.ARINGS.
Local bank clearings last week were $16,- !
424, $" against t15.542,:?3 for the same week j
A VALUABLE CARGO.
The British ship lUav.arra took out what Is
said to be th<? most valuable carpo ever ship- i
ped from hsre to Sydn luantlty was
2793 tons, and the Items were 800 oases dried
fruit. 3554 sacks Barley. 241.* Gunnies, tZ.'^O [
barrels Flour. .n.'>" half barrels Salmon. 189
barrels Salmon, :''.424 rases Salmon, 7129 cases i
Fruit. 2,S(i oases Vegd Doors, 120
~ase.= Whisky, 423 bales Hops, and 125 cases
Tanned Fruit.
COINAGE OF ttt^ MINTS.
The coinage of the different United States
mints during the first ten months of the year
was as follows:
Double eagles : $44,158.900 00
Ragles 10,975.990 00;
Half eagles 8,851,830 00
Quarter eagles .; 232 50
Silver dollars : 11,018.475 00
Half dollars , 2,144,512 SO
Quarter dollars 2,345. 75
Dimes 1,295,047 50
Five cents 506,122 10
Cents 475,734 34
Total 472.230 69
Same in 1597 .' 84,621 50
The total for last year included $51,849,680 in
double faeries, or $7,700,000 more than was
coined this year.
THE GOVERNMENT CASH BOX.
United States Treasurer Ellis H. Roberts re
ports the amounts of money on hand at the
close of October as follows:
Gold coin '. J141.500.495
Gold bullion 133.423.573
Silver dollars 403.33a.342
Small silver .*. 7,054,660
Silver bullion 94.675,773
Total specie J751.153.n46
United States notes $ 40,37'.\3*6
Treasury notes of ISDO 1,263,600
Gold certificates L 601 ,240 I
Silver certificates ;':
Currency certificates 50,000
National bank notes 4.6.v.<'172
Minor coin, etc 536.578
Deposits in national banks 95,014,970
Miscellaneous 714.466
Total $!-33.2»3.::W
At the close of October, 1837, the money in
these vaults amounted to $831,669,957. Of this
amount $889,789,201 was in specie. Including
$153,417,732 in gold coin and $3«.960,025 in gold
builion. The silver bullion on hand Is over
: 000 less than it was a year ago.
During the month of October there was a
net decrease of $21,000.W>0 In gold coin on hand
and a net increase of $17,000,0<Xr In gold bullion.
COIN CERTIFICATES IN CIRCULATION.
The Government coin certificates In circu
lation October 31 were as foilows:
W97. IS9B.
Gold $36,814,109 $ 3'., 33s 109
Silver 372,53(<.919 391 177 375
Treasury •... 101.769.955 96,569' 7SO
Totals $511,412,983 $523,086,264
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NBW tORK, Nov. 12.— The process of diges
tion of railroad and co^orate securities was
continued on an enormous scale at to-day' 3
khort pc s-slon of the Stock Exchange. Thu
public were in the market again as buyers at
the opening and very heavy orders placed with
commission houses were executed throughout
an extended list. At the same time recent buy
ers, wiio saw an inviting prospect to secuie
profits at the present advanced level of price,
were sellers The result was n very active and
broad market, the constant exchange of secuti
titf going on in the first hour and resulting in
ra'-fcei unimportant changes in prices, except
In a few cases. With the completion of the
buying orders the realizing offers were In a
way to exceed the demand in the second hour,
and prices showed a sagging tendency. But the
violent advance In Sugar to 123%, or almost
eight points net, caused a sympathetic harden
ing in prices and turred the traders to the bull
Bide and induced the shorts to cover hastily.
The result was a strong close, notwithstanding
the final slump of over two points in Sugar,
the net advances reaching a point or over In
many cases. The important movement in the
Atchison securities was continued and gave
tone to the whole market. The principal ac
tivity in the movement showed a tendency to
shift from the preferred to the common stock
which advanced I*4 on the day. The preferred
stock and the bonds continued in large de
mand, the former closing at a net advance of
1%. Other properties in which the lead in this
movement is interested were also notably
strong, including People's Gas. Rock Island and
Brooklyn Transit, but the Federal Steel stocks
showed a halting tendency. The strength of
Louisville and Southern Pacific was due to the
excellent traffic returns of the two roads for
the first week In November. The bank state
ment, which was unfavoiable. was disregarded
The buslnesa In bonds on the Stock Exchange
during the week, which was only four full
days and to-day's short day, exceeds all pre
vious full weeks recorded, with total sales of
a par value approximating $34,000,000. against
the previous high record of less than $25,000,000.
On Thursday the sales of bonds exceeded in
par value $10,000,000, against the best previous
day's business of $7,500,000, and on Friday the
day's business of $7,600,000, and on Friday the
record. In the total number of shares and
stocks dealt In the -week's record has been
many times exceeded, but in the number of
different Issues in which one-hundred-share
lota have been dealt in the week's record has
never been surpassed, thua Indicating the
breadth and uniform Interest In the market.
The orders through commission houses for the
three days have been larger than at any time
since Auguet, reflecting the growing outside in
tere«t In the market. Many of these orders
have come from the West and South, where
the strong business conditions a*d the large
earnings of the railroads gave confidence in
values. Buying for foreign account haa also
been a conspicuous feature of the week's buoi
ness on the stock exchange, not only through
the national arbitrage channels, but by bank-
Ing houses with foreign connections. It is evi
dent that the outburst of activity and strength
on the stock exchange haa only been repressed
for Borne time past while awaiting the settle
ment of election uncertainties. The undertone
of strength In the market last week was due
to the quiet accumulation of stocks by large
Interests, who appreciated the underlying
strength of . the commercial. Industrial and
financial situation. There has been heavy sell-
Ing to take profits by operators of this class all
week, but the public demand has absorbed
all these offerings and kept prices moving up
ward
Uneasiness over the possibilities of embroil
ment with European powers, notably Germany,
in connection with the Philippine settlement,
Is allayed by the confidence that Spain is
bound to come to terms.
The week' 8 unprecedented business in bonds
has resulted in higher prices all around, the
middle and lower grade issues showing the
most pronounced effects.
United States 4s (coupon) have advanced %,
United States 4s (registered) \k. the old 4s
(registered) %, and the 3s '(coupon), the old 4s
(coupons) and the 5s % in the bid price.
NEW YORK, Nov. 12.— The total sales of
stocks to-day were 361,500 shares, including:
Atchison, 35.300; Atchiaon preferred. 27,320;
' Burlington, 6020; Denver and Rio Grande pre
i I f erred, 334:.; Manhattan, 4500; Northern Pacific.
I 10,877: Northern Pacific preferred. 3500; Rock
> Island, 29,752; Union Pacific. 4550; Union Pa-
I cine preferred, 16,3-Sl; St. Paul, 20,150: Tobacco,
' 6540; Bay State Gas. 18,700; Federal Steel, 5215;
Federal Steel preferred. 6747; People's Gas,
15,870; Pacific Mail. 4503; Sugar. 98,040.
CLOSING STOCKS.
! Atchison 15% St Louis & S P.. 7%
Do prefd 40% Do prefd 65%
Baltimore & Ohio 48% Do 2nd irefd... 31%
Can Pac 83% St Louis & S W.. 6%
Can Suthern .... 53% Do prefd........ 13%
Cen Pac 2SV4 St Paul 113%
Ches & Ohio .... 23% Do prefd ... 162%
i Chi & Alton .... EM Do prefd ...... 162
Chi B & Q 119% St P M A M.... 175
Chi & E 111 65 So Pacific 24%
! Do prefd 106 ISo Railway 9%
' Chi G W 14% Do prefd 37% ,
Chi Ind & L.... 7% Tex & Pacific... 14% |
Do prefd 28 Union Pacific .... 35
Chi & N W 135 Do prefd 6874 !
Do prefd 180 U P D & G 6% ;
CCC &St L.... 41% Wabash 1. 7% j
Do prefd 88 Do prefd 21%
Del & Hudson .. 99Vi Wheel & L E 3% ,
Del L & W 141 t- prefd 17% I
i Del & Rio Q.'..... 14 Express ■ Companies-
Do prefd 58% Adams Ex 108 i
i ■^rle new 13 ! American Ex 140
Do Ist prefd 34% United States .. 44 |
i Fort Wayne 174 Wells Fargo 121 ;
: O X prefd UGH Miscellaneous
i Hocking Val .... 3% A Cot Oil 33%
' Illinois Central .. lim* Do prefd 85%
Lake Erie & W.. 12H Amer Spirits .... ll* j
Do prefd ........ 61% - prefd 33 j
Lake Shore 193 Amer Tobacco .. 139%
Louis & Nash 60% ; Do preid 126
Manhattan L 93% Cons Gas ... 183
Met St Ry '168 Com Cable C 0.... 175 :
i Mich Cent 108% Col F & 1r0n.... 25%
Minn & St L 28%. Do prefd 80 !
Do Ist prefd.... 92 Gen Electric .... 82%'
Mo Pacific 35 Haw Com Co 59
Mobile & Ohio.. 26 Illinois Steel .... 104%
Mo X & T 11% Intl Paper 53 ;
Do prefd 34%! Do prefd 89%
N J Cen 87 La Clede Gas .. 49%
i N V Central 117% Lead 35%
' N V Chi & St L 12", Do prefd 113 ,
Do Ist prefii.... 71 Minn Iron 142 i
Do 2nd prefd .. 33 Nat Lin Oil 6% i
: Nor West 14 (Pacific Mail 35 !
No Amer Co 6% People's Gas 107%
No Pacific 42 V.- Pullman Pal 13$
Do prefd 76^: Silver Cer 60>4
i Ontario & W .... 15% Stan R & Twine. SH
Or R & Xav 57 Sugar 122
Or Shore Line ..29 p prefd 110%
P C Ist, prefd.... 80% T C & Iron 31%
Do 2nd prefd ..60 IS Leather 6%
Pittsburg 177 Do prefd 65%
i Reading 16% v s Rubber 43%
Do Ist prefd.... 40 Do prefd .* 104%
i R G W 27 West Union 93%
Do prefd 60 ■ Federal Steel Co. 33
■ Rock Island 107% Do rrefd ...v~. 78%
St P & O m 84vs ; Brooklyn R T... 68%
CLOSING BONDS. '
U S 3s new 105%|K V Central lsts. IIS
V S new 4s res.. 127% JC 5s 113%
Do coup 127 51N Carolina 6s 123
U S 4.= 111% Do 4s 103
Do coup 113 N Pac lsts 116%
Do 2d»j -' Do fa 87%
U S. 5s reg 112'-ei Do it K2V Z
Do 5s coup 113 IN V C & St L 4s. lus«i
District 3.bSs 118 Nor & \V 6s 12»
: Ala class A ... 108 iX-rthwstrn cons'. 341%
Do B i •■"• Do deb 5e 117 js
Do C 100 O Nay Ist* 114
Do Currency ... 100 O Nay i? 101%
Atchison 4s 98% O S Line 6s tr.... 123
Do adj 4s 73% O S Line 5s tr.... IPS'-i
Can So 2ds 110%; Pacific 65 of 9.")..". 102%
C ,v O 4.- SB% Reading 4s 83%
Chi Term 4s 91% R (1 \Y Ist.* 90%
C & Ohio 5s 117 St L& I M C 58. 93
C H & D Vis 104% SUL & S F G Gs. 121VJ
D & R G lata 108 St P Con \... 160
D A.- RG 4s 98% St I 1I 1 <' A P isa 120
East Term Ist?. .. 107 ; Do 5s 11S%
Erie Gen 4s 72 1 .; ?o Railway ,'s... 102%
v W & D lsts tr. jI9 Stand B & T 65.. 81
Gen Elec 5s rf^'jiiTenn new set 35.. 94
G H & £ A 65.... 106 Tex PI. Q lsts... 110
Do 2ds .:... 104 Do Rg 2d5...... 46
: H & 1 C :.? 111% Union Pac lsts... 101%
Do con ft? 110% IU P D & G lsts... 81
lowa C lsts ies% Wabash Ist 55.... 1114
La new cons is., 106 I Do 2ds 91
L & N Uni 4s 94 W Shore 4s 11l
Missouri 6s .. 100 jVa Centuries ~'j~'s
M K& T 2ds 66 ' Do deferred .... 6%
Do 4s 01%iW19 Cent lsts.... 63 7 -
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 18 Ontario 40 00
Crown Point 13|Oohir 70
Con Cal &Va 1 80 j Plymouth 1&
Dead wood 45 Quicksilver 1 2i
Gould & Curry .... 20 Do prefd 350
Hale & Norcross.. ljol j 0 Sierra Nevada BS
Hnmestake E0 00 Standard 1 75
Iron Sliver 37 Union Con 25
Mexican IS Yellow Jacket 20
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONI>.S.
Money— . Westingh Elec .. 3",
Call loans 2-B3 Do prefri R714
Time loans 2'-.W Ed Elec Tel 195
Stocks— Gen Elee prefd lt>2
A T & S Fe 15% Atchison prefd 40vi
Amer Sugar 121 Bonds —
Do prefd 110 Atchison 4s 974
Bay State Gas 2> t Wil Central 8s IS*!',
Bell Tel 2SO Mining Shares—
Boston & Maine. .l6s4 Aliouez Mm C 0.... 4*i
Boston L 747j Atlantic 30
Chi Bur & Q 11. !(■ «t on & M0nt. ...22a
Fitchburg 105\* Hutte & Boston 5j
Gen Electric ;>2'- 2 calumet & Hecla.. su«i
Mexican Central.. ' vntennlal 21
NY & N Eng.... 94 Franklin 14%
"i<! Colony li : j Old Dominion 3f' 4
Ore Short Line 30 onla 6-, s
Rubber 44 Qulncy 130
Union Pac 34^ Tamarack 17K
Wptt t:nd 88 Wolverine 32
Do prefd liv F'arrott 24
BRADSTREET'S FINANCIAL REVIEW.
NEW YORK. Nov. 12.— Branstreefs Finan
cial Review will pay to-morrow:
As a result of the Congressional elections,
which are construed as meaning that the free
silver Issue will disappear, the securities mar
ket in the latter part of Mir week developed
I great activity and decided strength. The fea-
I tures were the large dealings In bonds and
I heavy buying of both stocks and bonds fit for
eign account. Trading in bonds at the New
York Siock Exchange has attained the largest
pmrortions ever known, and while a good deal
Of it ie no doubt due to speculative purchasing.
It is conceded that the investment demand
which has been in evidence for some time
past has received a decided impetus. The
apparent appetite of London and the Continent
for American securities Is attributed directiy to
the elections on Tuesday and the belief that
sound currency legislation is in sight. It is
! the more remarkable because the strained con
dition of foreien international politics keeps
the European stock markets dull and de
pressed, while the money market, while a little
lesa uneasy. Is still high. The foreign pur
chasing of stocks assumed sufficient propor
tions to cause a sharp decline in rates of ex
change here. This keeps up the buying of time
drafts on London for investment, or rather for
the purpose of carrying them on loans, which
can be obtained here at 2hi per cent. In some
quarters there is, however, an idea that active
speculation and the probable further expansion
of the country's trade will result in a higher
money market, and this is regarded as one of
the obstacles to the continuance of an active
and excited speculation.
Attention in also paid to the possibility of for
eign diplomatic complications arising in con
nection with the Philippines question. Apart
from these matters, the developments of tha
week have generally been favorable, railroad
earnings showing continued Increases, while
the roads are carrying an enormous tonnage
and complain of a scarcity of cars. The rate
situation is obscured somewhat by this fact,
and it seems that the cutting has not become
worse since the Joint traffic case was decided
and the Trunk Association formally abandoned.
On the days preceding the election the mar
ket was a dull professional affair. The close
on Monday evening, on the eve of the election,
was firm. On Wednesday prices opened up un
der buying by London, supplemented by short
covering, and causing an advance in the morn-
Ing hour. .«.t the same time the bond list was
relatively stronger and more active than stocks.
In the afternoon a break in sugar and the con
flicting rumors about the composition of the
next House of Representatives caused a re
action. On Thursday, however, these latter
doubts were s«t at rest and an assurance
afforded that there will be a sound money ma
jority in both House and Senate. London prices
( came considerably higher and the foreigners
I bought stocks throughout the day, taking In
I all about 60,000 shares.
Under the circumstances the market ad-
I vanced steadily and the transactions for the
I day rose to atoout $10,000,000 of bonds, the larg
'-■■! bond dealing in the history of the New
York Stock Exchange. While the sales of
stocks footed up over 700.000 shares, Friday's
market was more or less dominated by the
name influences, the foreign buying being again
a factor, while commission house buying was
again prominent and the bond market unusual
ly active. About midday the traders showed a
disposition to take profits, but the declines were
email and the buying demand for stocks con
tinued remarkably large, although the close
was irregular at concessions. The grangers
and Pacifies led the advance. Atchison pre
ferred rore from 3!>% to 40% on heavy trans
actions. It is stated that the dividends will
begin early next year on the stock and that
ex-Governor Flower will enter the Atchison
board. Union Pacific preferred rose from 64 to
ta% on, reports that the October earnings are
very large and that the stocks will be placed
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1898.
on a 4 per cent basis. Northern Pacific pre
ferred advanced from 75% to 77% and the com
mon from 39% to 43, and it is understood that
a 1 per cent dividend on the latter will be de
clared in December.
The 4 per cent prior lien bonds of the com
panj' also had a sharp advance to to2\. The
grangers were all strong, while among the
other notable bull features were Federal Steel
preferred. Pacific Mail. Denver and Rio Grande
preferred. United States Rubber and Missouri
Pacific. Tobacco hung fire and was only mod
erately traded In. Sugar was heavy at first,
selling down to 112 V. In the face of the strong
market, but on Friday was rallied sharply to
117 on enforced covering of shorts, the loaning
rate for the stock being advanced to % per
cent.
Among the many features of the bond mar
ket was the rise of Baltimore and Ohio new
fourß, deliverable when Issued.
CONDITION OF NEW YORK MONEY MAR
KET.
NEW YORK, Nov. 12.— The Financier says:
The decrease of $4,000,000 In surplus reserves,
following the shrinkage of $7,000,000 for the
previous week, will attract renewed attention
to the condition of the New York money
market. The clearing house banks now hold
$15,000,000 in excess of legal requirements. At
the rate reserves have been falling', it will
be seen that the margin for available expan
sion is being narrowed to small proportions.
But even with this fact known. It is doubtful
whether the response will bt; a rise in rates
proportionately rapid. In the first place, a
great deal of the money represented In loans
has been Invested In sterling bills, which are
profitable onjy as long as the market on this
side of the water Is dull. The continuance of
these investments is dependent upon the con
ditions which since election seem to have been
removed. Last year, during the month of No
vember, the reserves of the New York banks
increased from $15,000,000 to $31,500,000. One
complication, then absent, but now prominent,
is the treasury deposits In banks, which has
reached its maximum and will sooner or later
become a source of drain on bank resources.
Everything considered, the outlook favors tem
porarily firmer quotations, but the supply Is
so great that it is difficult to see how a per
manently higher level can be maintained.
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. Nov. 12.— The Evening Post's
financial cablegram says:
The stock markets here were Irregular to-day.
Americans opened above the parity, reacted
slightly, but finally renewed the advance on
English and Continental ' buying. The other
markets were dull, notably mines, Paris and
other specialties on rumors regarding the Drey
fus case. Copper shares also were adversely
affected.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Nov. Canadian Pacific, 85%;
Grand Trunk, 7; bar silver, steady, 2S> l-l(>d;
money, 2%n|3 per cent.l
LONDON, Nov. Spanish 4s closed at 41%.
BANK CLEARINGS.
NEW YORK, Nov. 11.— following table,
compiled by Bradstreet. shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ended
November 10, with the percentage of Increase
and decrease, as compared with the correspond
ing we*k last year: %,
. • Percentage
Cities— Inc. Dec.
New "York 173 ,621,554 .... 8.3
Boston '. 102.532.532 12.8
Chicago 109,969,502 .... 2.2
Philadelphia 67,472,120 .... 6.4
St. Louis 30,028,56S
Pittsburg 15,140,705 .... 5.1
Baltimore 17.487,881 .... 2.0
San Francisco 15.K43.,"-72 10.2
Cincinnati 12,643,650 2.1
Kansas City , 12.645,320 2.1
New Orleans 9,920.280 .... 2.8
Minneapolis 12,506,888 .... 12.9
Detroit 6,833.905
Cleveland 7,771.138 14.7
Louisville 6.671,739
•Providence 4.975.500
Milwaukee 6,136,841 .-. 21.7
St Paul .'. 6,720.892 4*6
Buffalo 4,535.40$ .... 18.0
Omaha 7.548,448 32.7
Indianapolis 5,495.980 .... 3.8
Columbus, 0 4,158,708 10.0
Savannah 3.597.942 0.3
Denver 2.714.117 7.6
Hartford 2.305.259 .... 3.6
Richmond ' 2.543.683 7.3
Memphis 3.438.665 2.4
Washington 2.':57.2.".2 1.4 .....
Pecrla; 1,760,370 '50.0
Rochester 1.714.194 2.7
New Haven 1,643,652 .... ....
Worcester 1, 395.462 .... 14.2
Atlanta 1.935,247 .... 14.6
Salt Lake City 1,822.437 .... 11.3
Springfield. Ma 55....... 1.6<i<!,178 5.6 .... !
Fort Worth -. 8,660,804 .... 8.9 |
Portland, Me * L 633,937 . .... 3.1 i
Portland. Or 1.9G0.333 .... 19.0 1
St. Joseph , 2.144,:*) 39.0
Los Angeles..* 1.735, 4.".1 21.2
•Norfolk :.......... 1,321.755 .... 77.."
Syracuse 942.56S 15.7
Dcs Moines 1,326,74« 17.8
Nashville 1,060.714 .... 21.4
Wilmington,' Del 6.",5,566 .... 4.9
•Fall River 729,664
Scranton 841.076 — 11.5
Grand Rapids 871.207 .... 2.4
Augusta, Ga 1,218.274 .... 12.3
Lowell 6M.611 — 20.6
Dayton, 0 831,539 12.5
Seattle 1.283,541 .... 4.7
Tacoma - 938,882 .... 6.1
Spokane 1.154,690 .... 12.9
Sioux City 890.473 3.2 ....
•New Bedford 1,042.821
Knoxville. Term 680.588 33.2
Topeka :.75.54S 9.5 ....
Birmingham 663.497 7.8
Wichita 475.405 1.8 ....
Binghamton 315.500 .... 13.0
Lincoln ' 270.414 .... 20.7
Lexington. Ky 271.649 .... 4.5
Jacksonville, Fia 202.337 .... 7.2
Kalaraaioo Z05.374 1.1
Akron !88.«» 63.0 .... |
«Bay City 172.G96
Chattanooga 335.754 16.7 ....
Rockford. ill 192.147 .... 21.1
Canton. 0 242,700 36.8
Springfield. 0 242.718 12.4 ....
Fargo, N. D - 485.000 20.3
Sioux Falls. S. D 157,575 11.7
Hastinics. "Neb 136,U7 7.2
Fremont.' Neb.'.'.'."."!!! 110.152 34.9
Davenport 743,851 10.9
Toledo :..-.... 1.913.659 1.5 ....
tGalveston 11,658.600 26.5 —
tHoustf)P .1 8 219.670 6.5
Youngstown 27". -48 2.9 ....
•Mac m BIJJ.OU" .... ....
•Helena '■'" 212
•Evansviile 761.197
Little Rock 1,483.988 .... ....
Totals. U. 5... $1,254,558,581 .... 6.9
Totals outside New
York 523. 916 697 .... 4.4
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $16,005,632 6.5
Toronto 9,1F,9,294 ...._,....
Winnipeg 2.648.480 .... 15.9
Halifax 1.271.472 ■■■■ 14.6
Hamilton 728.483 .... 6.6
St. John. N. 8.. C6'.OS9 4.
•Victoria 700.563 .... .....
•Vancouver 628.988 .... ....
Totals $30,571,550 .... .3
•Not included in totals because of no com
parison for last year. tNot included In totals
because containing other items than clearings.
DUN'S REVIEW.
MEW YORK, Nov. 11.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Trade Review will nay to-morrow:
The country has safely passed the trial of
off-year elections. Before this election every
thing except political uncertainties favored
business unlargement. The volume of trade
has been the greatest ever known In October
and the greatest ever known In any month,
except December, 1892. The record of Novem
ber thus far shows clearings 10.4 per cent
larger than last year and 9.3 per cent larger
than in 1892. The railroad earnings In October
have been 5.2 per cent larger than last year
and 8.0 per cent larger than in 1892. Foreign
trade shows an increase of 20 per cent in Oc
tober in exports with 38 per cent In exports
from New York last week, while imports
Hhowed a gain of only 22 p<?r cent In October
and credits against foreign bankers were piling
up at an inconvenient rate. There was abso
lutely no anxiety about the currency, and the
treasury is only too strong. When the enor
moua exports of products are considered it
seems quite impossible for the country to meet
with serious monetary trouble, especially In
view of the past surplus in favor of this coun-
try.
Wheat declined nearly a cent, but recovered
all the loss with Atlantic exports, flour In
cluded, of 3,500,T>09 buehels, against 3,274,48 a last
year, and Pacific exports 1,016,961, against 1.
892.352 last year. Western receipts of 9,924,045
bushels for the week, agalnßt 7,255,.M4 last
year, continue to render the holding back of
stock manifestly a failure. Cotton remain* at
the lowest prices on record with heavy receipts
and without large milling demand.
Iron production November 1 was 225.935 tor.s
weekly, against 215.635 tons October 1. and a
decrease Is seen of 35,241 tone In stocks unsold
outside the holdings of the great steel com
panies, indicating an actual consumption dt
1,019,646 tons In October and 253 tons greater
dally than the largest ever shown In any pre
vious month on record.
Wool gales for the past week were only 4,735 -
000 pounds at the three chief Eastern markets
and were secured by concessions at all markets
last week, making 13.234.900 pounds, against
16 652,902 for the same two weeka last year,
and 12,289,600 for the same week In 18&2. Hold
ers are refusing to abate their prices, though
large manufacturers bid below current market
prices, because of their uncertainty in regard to
the demand for woolen goods, which has some
what Improved and yet not greatly. It is
growing in the minds of holders of wool at
the East that the supply of foreign and do
mestic wool on hand 1b much greater than
has heretofore been supposed. Cotton goods
are on the whole In better demand, although
denims are slightly lower and little can bj
said of an encouraging character as to the
demand for staple goods of domestic use.
Failures for the week were 211 in the United
States, against 291 last year, and 26 In Canada,
against 24 last year.
BRADSTREET'S ON THE CONDITION OF
TRADE.
NEW YORK, Nov. 12.— Bradstreet's to-mor
row will say: While the Influence of the elec
tions and of unfavorable weather has been
such as to temporarily reduce the volum* of
current trade, the mate strength of the gen
eral trade situation is shown by the very sat
isfactory reports received as to bank clearings,
railroad earnings, prices and other measures
of business development. As is well known
for some time the iron trade has been rather
bare on new business, and the desire to see the
elections over before new contracts were made
has been frequently expressed. It is therefore
a significant feature that this week more In
quiry Is to be reported for pig-iron and al
though new orders are not as yet numerous,
this fact Itself la an encouraging one, particu
larly as a further gain In production during
October is reported. In the steel trade there
is rather more anxiety for new business and
some price shading to secure it is reported.
The mainstay of the allied Industries at pres
ent Is undoubtedly the Immense export demand
which is taxing the available freight room ca
pacity to accommodate and. with the strength
abroad, is likely to furnish a needful outlet
the coming winter. The steel rail commission
Is still In process of arrangement, a joint sell-
Ing agency la outlined and reports are even
heard of $20 per ton having been fixed as the
price for 1899. Simultaneously comes the re
port again of the completion of the tin plate
commission, which Is expected to control prac
tically the entire output of the country. The
cereal markets have been quite steadily heM.
notwithstanding the subsidence of the war
talk and less active foreign demand, pointing
to the strength of the statistical position of
most grains. *
The sugar war goes merrily on. An Inde
pendent refinery has started and the margin
between raw and refined is now only .41c,
against a margin before the fight began of
nearly .92 cent.
Wheat, Including flour, shipments aggregate
3,647.692 bushels, against 6.773,643 bushels laat
week, 5,446.542 bushels In the corresponding
week of 1897, 4,664.515 bushels In 1896. 3.825.025
bushels in 1595 and 2,909,725 bushels in 1894.
Since July 1 the exports of wheat aggregate
77,220,211 bushels, against 89,319,034 bushels last
year.
Business failures In the United States this
week number 187, against 183 last week, 273
In this week a year ago, 258 in 1896, 279 in
1895 and 280 In 1894.
Business failures in the Dominion of Can
ada this week number 30, against 31 last week,
S3 In this week a year ago, 44 in 1896, 40 In 1896
and 32 In 1894.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODITCE.
NEW YORK, Nov. 12.— FLOUR— Receipts.
47,533 barrels; exports, 9556 barrels; quiet, but
firmly held. Winter patents, $3 70 @$3 90;
winter straights, $3 50 @ 3 60; Minne
sota patents, J3 80<@4 15; winter extras, $2 75rg>
3 10; Minnesota bakers', $3^3 30; winter, low
grades, $2 256-' 45.
WHEAT— Receipts, 303,400 bushels; exports,
156,440 bushels. Spot— Firm; No. 2 red, 75c, t.
o. b. afloat. — Opened firm and sus
tained further advance on a good ' foreign ■ de
mand, local covering and big export trade: closed
%@%c net Mgher; No. 2 red May, 71%@71 9-16 c,
closed 71% c.
HOPS— Steady. State common to choiceslß93
crop. 7@Bc; 1897 crop, 11(6 13c; 1898 crop, 19*751 c;
Pacific Coast, 1896 crop, 7® Bc; 1397 crop, ll@13c;
1898 croD, 19@21c. --:.-',
WOOL— v T ; / - v
METALS— usual apathy prevailed In the
metal market to-day, a Saturday half-holiday.
The Metal Exchange issued no . report. The
firm naming the settling price for (leading
Western miners and smelters quoted lead $3 60,
copper $12 50, casting copper, $11 50.
COFFEE— Options closed quiet, with prices
unchanged to 10 points lower. Sales 11,500
bags, Including December, $5 35.1*5 40; March,
$5 70@5 75; April, $5 So@s 85; September, ;
October, $« 10. '
Spot coffee— Rio steady; No. 7 invoice, 6%c;
No. 7 Jobbing, 6%c. Mild quiet and steady; Cor
dova, )<(s:isc.
SUGAR— Raw, strong; held higher. Fair re
fining, 3 3-16«3T4c; centrifugal, 96 test, 4%e;
molasses, 3 9-165? 3%c; refined about .steady;
mold A, 5%c: standard A, 47,& c;4 7 ,& c; confectioners'
A, 4%c; cut loaf, 5%c; crushed, 5',4c; powdered.
5%c: granulated. sc; cubes. 5%c.
BUTTER — Receipts, 3529 packages; firm.
Western creamery, 15@23c; Elgins, 23c; factory,
!1 ; - S>I4HC.
EGGS— Receipts, 2206 packages; firm. West
ern. 23c.
NEW YORK, Nov. California dried
fruits quiet.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common, 7«?8c;
prime wire tray, 85TS%c; choice,— ig9c; lancy,
'-'Me.
PRUNES— 3Hd?2fIc.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. ll@14c: Moorpark. l*@l7c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, B%tl2Hc: peeled, IS®
JOc.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. Nov. 12.— The strength developed
by Wheat yesterday, was still more pronounced
at the opening to-day. Cables were higher and
seaboard reported a good foreign demand. New
York indorsed these dispatches by leading in
the advance that immediately commenced. The
weather in the West was fine and favorable for
a free movement from farmers and receipts for
the day were liberal. Flour brokers here re
ported acceptances from London of offers made
yesterday, and at a better price than any pre
vlcus^time this season. The price received for
patents was «Mii t.i net 10 cents a barrel more
than could he got from the home trade. New
York reported 100 to 12.'> boat loads sold for ex
port ami a shipping firm here had three boat
a.- accepted from Liverpool. December was
strong from start to finish, but May did not
participate to any marked degree in the de
mand. December made a net gain of %c. May
closed unchanged.
Heavy purchases of December shippers and
covering by May shorts had a firm influence In
Corn. Cables were higher and the strength in
Wheat was also a fa-ctor. Receipts were heavy,
450 cars, but unsettled weather was predicted
for over Sunday and light arrivals are antici
pated next week. May closed unchanged.
Oats ruled firm with other Brains. Only a
light business was transacted and fluctuations
were of the narrowest kind. Receipts were 336
cars. May closed unchanged.
Provisions were flat. Packers sold freely ow
ing to the liberal receipts of hogs, but the
strength In tialrs checked any decline in
prices. The range of prices was very narrow.
-
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipment*.
r-!tl«« — • Bu<"h»'s. Bu« > '» l v
Minneapolis 426,360 112.5C0
Puluth ....:... 61K.7J4 74v.
Milwaukee 10-'.%n 17 :>;s»
Chicago ...131 r>l 118,818
Toledo 2:».!»53 18,000
Ft. I.uuls ... 9.1.0^0 a:.(*o
r*tr..it: 17.4 -fi 2i.ni,
Kansas City 9*,«>o 73.6C0
Totals 1.518,813 1,153.006
t;,:< water-
Boston 115.000 29,509
New York 303.400 156,440
Philadelphia 93,817 41,196
Baltlniopa 40,528. 120,000
New Orleans
Galveston 58.464 114.720
Totals \
-' LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
WTi<»nt— Dec. Mar.
Opening 6 1 5 10' i
Closing .......; ... ....
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— Oct. Jan. -Apt.
Opening 47 45 46 JO
CloMng .. ..
Wheat-
Opening 2160 2140
Closing
EASTERN LIVE STOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Nov. 12.— The light Tun of Cattle
were quickly disposed of at firmer prices.
Choice steers, $B 15ffj'5 65; medium, $! 60<3>4 80;
beef steers, $3 So@4 50; stockers and feeders,
*3@4 50; bulls, $2 3T,<£(4 10; cows and heifers,
$3 10©4; calves, $3@7; Wpstern rangers, |2 60JP
4 45; Western fed steers, $3 70@5 20; Texas grass
steers, $3 I&@4 50.
There was an active demand for Hogs and
prices closed strong, with sales at an average
advance of sc. Fair to choice, $3 47V»<g3 65;
packing lots. $3 25@3 45; butchers. $3 30@3 82H:
mixed. $3 30@3 60; light, $3 25@3 67H; pigs. $2 40
63 40. ■•
There was not enough, Sheep and Lambs for
sale to make a market and prices were largely
nominal at the last - advance. Native sheep,
$2 50@4 60; yearlings, $4 7005; - feeders, $3 SO®
4 10; lambs, $3 75@5 50: feeders. f 4 60@5.
Receipts— Cattle, 200; Hogs. 19.000; Sheep.
1000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSA SCITT, Nov. 12— CATTLE— RecelpU,
100. Market unchanged. . V '
HOGS— Receipts, 7000. Market : strong: to 6o
higher. Bulk of sales, $3 Ss@3 60; heavy, $3 400
IK; packers. 13 35©'3 50; mixed, $3 40® 3 47V4 '
llKhts. $3@3 45; yorkers, $3 40@3 45; pigs, $3®
3 35. - - ■ .'■ *. ■■ '.. ' ■• "■■-■ ■ ■ ■ : ■'  ■ .
i .SHEEP- Receipts, .' -500. '* Market " steady
Lambs, $4@5 25; muttons, $3<fi>4 25.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, Nov. 12.— CATTLE— 400,
Market steady. ' Native beef steers,.' U 40@5 30;
Western steers, $3 BO@4 30; stockers and feed
ers,' $3 40®4 40; calves, , ?J4@4 70; bulls, stairs
etc.. 40@3 60. .. -
' HOGS— Receipts, 7200. Market shade stronger
Heavy. $3 40@3 45; mixer" $3 42%(g3 45; light'
$3 3503 50; bulk of sales. $3 42'.4@3 45.
SHEEP— Receipts. 2000. Market strong. Na
tive muttQns. $3 30@4 40; "Westerns, $3 60@4 25:
lambs. $4 25@5 30. ' : ■
DENVER.
DENVER, Nov. 12.— CATTLE-RecelpU, 350.
Market steady; "• Beef ■■ steers, $3 50@4 25; cows
$3<ix>3 50; feeders, ; freight paid -to . river, $2 850
4 25; stockers do, $3 jOig-i 25; bulls, stags etc .
*2®3. •■■- ;-, ■-■■'. /■-..-■-... ''.,,.;*
Receipts, 100. Market steady. Light
packers, ■ $3 50©3 56; ' mixed, .- $3 45@3 50; heavy
»3 40@3 45.- — -•■ ' - • .' "
SHEEP— Receipts, 100. Market steady, un
changed. : '
FOREIGN MARKETS. •
LONDON, Nov. > 12.— Consols/ 110 3-16; sliver.
23 1-J6d; French rentes. lOlf 85c. "Wheat cargoes
off coast, . nothing j r"cargoes t on ' passage,'
.nominal and * unchanged; .'• cargoes • Walla
%Valla, 30s. - . - . - a-• - , -
LIVERPOOL. Nov. 12.— Wheat dull; No. 1
standard California, ■ fin > lodges lid; wheat In
Paris, steady; flour In Parts, steady."
COTTON— Uplands. 3d.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL. Nov. 12, 1:30 p. m.— WHEAT—
Bpot, dull; No. 1 r«d Northern spring. 6b 2ftd.
Futures— Closed quiet; November, nominal;
December. 6s Id; March. 5s lO'/id. «m»ji
CORN— Spot quiet; American mixed, 3s HPjfcO.
Futures-Quiet; November, 3s 9%d; December.
3s B%d: March. 3s 6%d. . „ t fiß
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter, dull 6s.
LONDON WOOL MARKET.
LONDON, Nov. 12.— There was little or no
Wool business during the week. The dullness
was due to unsettled politics and hand-to
mouth play in manufacturing centers. Holders,
however, are not discouraged, aa the limited
stocks of fine cross-bred and the firm P ric * B
ruling for merinos lead them to expect better
prices. The arrivals to date for the sixth seriea
of auction sales number 77.588 bales, Including
17,000 bales forwarded direct.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — ** £jjs
Sterling Exchange, sight — * ff*
Sterling Cables • — ■ 4 »*•-
New York Exchange, sight — JjP*
New York Exchange, telegraphic — - . »* .
Pine Sliver, per ounce — ■ ii/J'
Mexican Dollars — iv
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS, ■ • > '/• .
WHEAT— was a little better feeling
all over the \ world ! and futures responded,
though there was no change In spot quotations.
The demand continued light.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 IS%@l 20; milling,
SI 22H@1 26*.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— December— 2ooo
ctls, Jl 20%; 2000, $1 20%; 4000, *1 20; 4000, *1 19 ft.
May— 2ooo ctls. «1 23% ! 2000. »1 23%.
Second session— May— 4ooo ctls, $1 23%; fiTOo.
$1 23V4. December— 2ooo ctls, *1 19%; 4000, »1 2C.
Regular morning seßsion— May— l6,ooo ells,
$1 23%. December— 2ooo ctls, $1 20.
BARLEY— Quotations showed no further
change worthy of note. The market was dull.
Feed, *1 23\®1 27Vi; Brewing, $1 32W@1 40 per
ctl.
CALL BOARD SALEB.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— No sale*.
Second session — No sales.
Regular morning session— December — ctl»,
$1 28^4. '
OATS — approach of collection day lias
quieted the market down considerably, as
usual. No change In prices.
Fancy Feed, $1 27%®1 30 per ctl: good to
choice. $1 22V4®1 26; common. $1 17H@1 »>: Sur
prise. $1 3501 424: Gray. $1 20©l 22V4-: mining,
$1 25&1 SO per ctl: Red, $1 40@l 47H: black, »1 60
©1 70-
CORN— Is very little doing and quo
tations are unchanged.
CORN— The market continues dull an! un
.nterestlng.
Small round yellow, $1 15; Eastern large yel
low, $1 02V4@l 06; white, $1 06; mixed, $I@l 02V4
per ctl; California White. $1 05@l 074. -
California. $1 20@l 25; Eastern, $1 15@
1 20 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Is nominal.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras, $4 15@4 26; baker*'
extras. $3 90<<j4 per bbl. '
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sack? are a« fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, »3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75 per
! 100; illce Flour, *7; . Cornmeal, $2 60; extra
cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal. »4 25; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy, %3 25@3,50; Buckwheat
Flour, H<B* 25; Cracked Wheat, 13 76; Farina,
14 50; Whole Wheat Flour, *3 60; Rolled Oat«
(barrels). $5 S. r .<g6 25; In Backs. <5 6506 05; Pearl
Barley, 16; Split Peas, *4 25; Green Peas. »4 50
per 100 lbs. i
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The continue.! dry weather and general fa.M
ure of pasturage have this far produced no
enect vi-.fitever en Hay, which remains quiet:
Feedstuffs remain as before.
BRAN— 16 50 per. ton. >
MIDDLINGS— JI9<&2O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $27 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill. ?315f31 50; Job
bing. $32032 50; Cocoanut Cake, $24@25; Cotton
seed Meal, $2! ! @'3O per ton; Cornmeal, $23 50®
24 50; Cracked Corn. |St#tß.
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat. $16@18 50 for
good to choice and $14@15 50 for lower grades;
no fancy coming in; Wheat and Oat. flSal7 50;
Oat. $145~1f.; Island Barley. $12 50& 13 DO; Al
falfa. $10<g)ll; Stock, $11@12; Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY— (From Oregon, Utah, etc.)—
Timothy. $13 per ton.
STRAW— per bale. *
:
BEANS AND SEEDS.
White Beans rule firm with a fair demand.
Colored are easy. ' Seeds and Peas are as be
fore. .. . .. . / ■■•''•
BEANS— Bayos, *1 90«j>2; Small Whites. J2-S
2 15- Large Whites. $1 707/1 SO; Pinks. »1 !.ogi2 05:
Reds. $3 2&; Blackeye. $3 50@3 75; Butters, $2<9
i 60: Limaa. $3 20©3 27%; Pea, $2 10 2 2& Ked
Kidneys. *2 40@2 60 per ctl. . J" „
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4 50 per ctl; Yellow
Mustard, ft "5; Flax. ?2*i"2 10; Canary Seed.. 22 1 *
©sVc per lb: Alfalfa. 7«7i^,c; Rape. 2y*@2%c;
Hemp. t%O3c; Timothy, 6@sU.c
DRIED PEAS- Nlles, |1 25@1 *0; Green. $1 50
@1 75 per Ctl. . V:;-"-"'-
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
String Beans continue to advance. Many of
the vegetables are showing the effects of frost.
POTATOES— *j<ij4sc tor Early Rose and 35@
55c for River Burbanks; Salinas Burbanks. 75c
tfjsl 05: Oregon, 60®90c; Sweet Potatoes, 50@75c
for nearby and $I@l 25 for Merced; New Pota
toes, 2#2Hc per lb.
ONIONS— 3O©SOc per ctl; Pickle Onions, 35®
5Cc per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. S#3c; String
Beans, 3@4c: Lima Beans, 50c@$l per sack;
Bay Squash, 75c; Green Peppers, 25@50c; Cab
bage, 40®50c; Tomatoes, 3bS"soc; Garlic, 4@<sc
per lb; Green Okra, 25(i3;50c per box; Cucumbers,
35@50c: Dried Okra. 10c per lb: Egg Plant, 25®
60c per box; Marrowfat Squash, $S@lo per ton.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced, raw, 12c per lb In lots of 25 lbs; sliced,
desiccated, 16@lSc; granulated, raw, 13c;
Onions, 60c; Carrots, old. 13e; new, 18c; Cab
bage, We; Sweet Potatoes. 30c: Turnips, 25c;
.String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes. 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Turkeys continue weak and dull.
Game stands about the same.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys, 15@17c; live
Turkeys, 13« i 14c for Gobblers and 13@14c for
Hens; Geese. per pair, $1 25'Sl 50; Qoatinga, $1 25
01 60; Pucks, Mflf for old and »«@5 50 for
young: Hens, $4i&5; Roosters, young. $4@5;
Roosters, old, $4'S4 50: Fryers. J4@4 50; Broilers.
$3 50 for large, S3 ft 325 for small ; Pigeons. Sl@
1 25 per dozen for old and $1 50@l 75 for squabs.
GAME—
Quail, $2; Mallard, $4^J5: Caiwasback,
MO>: Sprig. $3£4: Teal, $2@2 50; Widgeon, $2;
Small I>uck, $1 50<Sl 75: English Snipe,
$1 50; Jack Snipe. $1; Gray Geese. $2 50; White
Oeese $I^l 2.".; Brant. $1 5001 75; Honkers, ;
Hare, $l<tzl2s: Rabbits, $1%5@1 50 for Cotton
tails and $1 foe small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
The Butter market Is now very firm and the
upward tendency is becoming more pronounced
as the market is cleaning up.
Eggs are firm, but no further advance 1b re
ported.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy creameries, 22@23e; sec
onds, lOigilc.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, lS@2Oc; common
grades. 15@17Hc.
Pickled Goods— Firkin, 18©20 c; pickled roll.
19fr>21c; creamery tub, nominal.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, 16@16%c per
lb; Elgin, 22©22% c.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 10@llc; old. BHO
9Ho; Cream Cheddar. lO^llc; Young America,
lO^Sf-HHc: Eastern. 12@13c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 37U@42<4c per dozen; me
dium Eggs, 35c: Eastern, 20@25c for ordinary
and 27te<g30c for fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Quinces are no longer worth quoting 1 . Per-
Elmmons and Pomegranates are also out of
market, for the moment at least.
Grapes went oft well for shipment, and the
market was firm.
Orangeß are rather slow, as the early re
ceipts are green. Lemons and Limes are dull
and weak.
Wine Grapes continue wet and poor.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, $2©4 per chest for large and
$s->i lv for small.
Huckleberries. s©6c per lb.
Persimmons, nominal.
Pomegranates, nominal.
Cranberries, 87#7 50 per barrel for Eastern
and $2(g2 25 per box for Cooa Bay.
Ordinary Grapes, 25@50c per box: crates sell
about 10c higher than boxes; Wine Grapes, »20@
24 p«r ton for Zlnfandels and |16®18 for com
mon kinds.
Raspberries, »3 Bo®s per chest.
Apples 3fr€>6oc for common, 76@85c per box
for No. 1 and $I@l 25 for choice.
Pears. 50® $1 25 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $3 50<i?5 per
box; Seedlings. $1 o0(?(2 76; Lemons, $I@2 for
common and $2 60©3 50 for good to choice; Mcx-
Jean Limes, J4@4 50: California Limes, 25c@$l
per small box: Bananas. $1 &o@2 per bunch;
Pineapples, |3<86 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUT 9, RAISINS. ETC.
The trade reports no Improvement what ever
In Dried Fruit. Buslnes Is still flat. y"^
DRIED FRUIT— ' 6&@7c for 40-SO's.
6@5i.4c for 50-60' a, 3%c for 60-70' 8, Z%c tor
70-SO'b 2%&1 c for 80-90' s. 2®2%c -for 90-100"
and l%c for 100-110' s; Sliver Prunes, 2^@sc;
Peaches. 6®7V4c; for good. to choice, 71408 c for
fancy and ■ 10#12V4e for peeled ; Apricots, IP®
12c lor Royals and 12©12%e for Moorpark;
Evaporated Apples, 7»4@74c; .sun dried, • ti&
4%0; Black Figs, sacks. 2@2Hc; Plums, 4%©
6c for pitted and l@l%c for unpltted : Nec
tarines, 6®>7c for ' prime to fancy ; Pears, 6@7<j
for quarters and B@9e for halves. -
RAISINS— S!4e> for two-crown^ 4%c for three
crown, 6%c for four-crown; . 6HWV4C for Seedless
Sultanas, 4>4c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London Layers: Dried Grapes, 2%@3c. ••
' NUTB— Chestnuts, B@l2Hc .per . lb; Walnuts.
6<&7c for hardshell. B@9c for softshell; Almonds.
6<S7c for hardshell. 13c for softshell. 14@15c, for
paper-shell; Peanuts, 6@7c i for Eastern and
*\4®sc for California; Cocoanuts. :$4 5(Xgi5. 5-:iii.
HONEY— -> 10©llo ■ for - bright and B^9o
for lower grades; water white extracted, 6H@
7c; light amber extracted, 6c; dark. s@sV4c
per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c, per lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— 7%c per ifcv: for
heavy, 8c for light medium, 10c for light, 10V4c
for extra light and 12@12»ic for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams. 10c; California
Hams, 9@9%c; Mess Beef, $10@10 50 per bbl;
xt^? ■ Mess ¥? - * 11 @ 1 1 60: Family Beef, $12@
12 50; extra Prime Pork, $10; extra clear, $IS@
iV meSS> ?I5 50 @ 1 6: Smoked Beef. ll@l2c
P6r Id.
LARD— tierces, quoted at 5%c per lb
for compound and 6%@7c for pure; palls. 7%c;
California tierces. 4%@5c n. r ib for compound
™ i£° r .- pure ,\ htUf barrels. 6M,c; 10-lb tin.,
7^4c; 5-lb tins, 7tyc
; COTTOLENE - Tierces. 6%@6*c- packages
less than 300 lbs-l-lb pails. 60 In a 'cmE »*c"
3-lb palls. 20 in a cane. BHc; 5-lb pails 12 In a
case. . . BHc; # 10-lb palls. 6 in a case. B*c; 50- lb
tins. 1 or 2 In a case, 7%c; wooden buckets. 20
lbs net, BV6c; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net. 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs. 7%c -^^
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
The Hide men continue to quote a weak mar
ket, and are talking of a further decline. Wool
and Hops are unchanged.
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers. 10c; medium, s^c; light 8c- Cow
hides, Bf@SV»c: Stags. 6c; Salted Kip.' B\ic: Calf
B%c; dry Hides, sound, 15c; culls and brands
12c; dry Kip and Veal, 15c; dry Calf 17c
Sheepskins shearlinps, 15*?25c each; short 'wool'
So(g>4Oc each; medium, 60@S0c; long wool 90c<a
$1 W each; Horse Hides, salt $1 76@2 for large
and 75c for small; Colts. 50c; Horse Hides dry
$1 50 for large and 50c@$l for small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3%c per lb- No 2
i%c; refined. 4H@4%c; Grease, lc.
WOOL— IB 97 clip. Southern Mountain. 7010c
free Northern, 9@l2c. Spring clips— Southern
Mountain. 12 months', 9@llc; San Joaquln and
Southern. 7 months', 8@10c: Foothill and
Northern, free. 12@14c; Foothill and Northern
defective. 10@12c; Middle County, 13©16 c; Hum
boldt and Mendocino, 14@16c; Nevada 10@14c;
Eastern Oregon. 10@12c; Valley Oregon. 15017 c!
HOPS— IBBB crop. 13@17c per lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta. Grain Bags for next Mason,
nominal, at 4%@5c: Woo! Bags. 26®2Sc: San
Quentin Bags. $4 85; Fruit Bags. sc, 6Hc and
B%c for the three grades of white and 7©Be for
brown. /
- COAL— Quotations are as follows: Welling
0."-,,* per lon : « New Wellington. $8; Southneld
Wellington. *7 f,O; Seattle, $6; Bryant, $6; Cooa
Bay. $5; WalUend, $7 50; Scotch. $8; Cumber
land, $8 50 in bulk and $10 in sacks; Pennsyl
vania Anthracite Egg. $14; Cannel. $8 50 per
ton; Rock Springs and Castle Gate, $7 60; Coke,
$12 per ton In bulk and $14 in sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms . net cash:: Cube crushed
and Fine Crushed. 6%c: Powdered, 6Hc; Candy
Granulated, 5«4c: Dry Granulated, s^c; Confec
tioners' A, 6%c; California A, s>4c; Magnolia A.
5%c; Extra C, sc; Golden C. 474e; half-barrels,
%c more than barrels, and boxes %c more. No
order taken at less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent
CANDLES— Following are new quotations on
Electric Light Candles: 6s, 16 oz, 20s, 7V4c;
6s, 14 oz., 6%c; 6s, 12 oz., 8c; 6s, 10 oz., sVic.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Beef and Mutton are steady. Hogs are firm
at the recent advance.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— quality. 6%c; choice, 7c; second
quality, sH@6c; third quality, 4@sc.
VEAL— Large. s}»<&6%c; small, 6H@7>4c
per lb.
MUTTON— 7@7%c; Ewes, 6H©Tc
LAMB— 7%@Sc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 3%@4c for large, 4%@49ic
for medium and 3>>i@3%e for small; stock Hogs,
2' 2 @3c; dressed Hogs. s>4!26iic.
>
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Saturday, November 12.
Flour, qr sks ... 14.508 Lurffher. ft 45,000
Wheat, ctls 10 Sugar, sks 1,321
Barley, ctls 1,3*0 Wine, gals 88,000
Butter, ctls l^s Leather, rolls ... 151
Cheese, ctls 60 Hides, no 2-S'i
Tallow, ctls 1? Pelts, bdls 399
Beans, sks 5.229 Powder, cars 11
Potatoes, sks ... 4,690 Lime, bbls 91
Onions, sks I.sGolßalHlns, Vxs 3.805
Hops, bales Sllßrandy. gals 2,573
Straw, tons 33! Hay, tons 226
Eggs, doz 8,250! Wool, bales 36
EASTERN.
Alfalfa Seed, ctls 140) \
Chinese babies are fed on rice and
nothing else after they are a few
months ojd. Cow's milk is never given
to them. Chinese houses are never
heated. If a baby is cold he is given a
sun bath.
THE CALL'S CALENDAR.
November, 1891.
S
9
Tb.
8
Mooa-* Phanee.
/o-Liwt Quarter.
\L November *.
«
18
S
IS
n"
la
23
IT
34
jgjv New Mooa
November U.
First Quarter,
JP November 3u.
©Full Wood.
W Hove en be 37.
27
S)
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal., No
vember 12. IS9B.
COLUMBIA RIVER.
Notice is hereby given that on September 12,
IS9S, the following changes were made in the
buoyage of the Columbia River, which affect
the List of Beacons and Buoys, 1897:
New short cut channel leading to Tongue-
Point Crossing, page 49. Starboard side of
Channel Buoy No. 2 — A red first class spar
was established in IS feet of water to mark
the starboard side of the channel. Wreck of
Silva de Grace Post Light, southeast % east;
Buoy Depot Wharf Post Light, northeast by
east Vi east; Beancon 1 Post Light, north north
east % east.
Starboard side of Channel Buoy No. 4 — A red
first class spar was established in 24 feet of
water to mark the starboard side of the chan
nel. Wreck of Silva de Grace Post Light,
south \ east; Buoy Depot Wharf Post Light,
east by north; Beacon 1 Post Light, northeast
by north.
Main ship channel from Tongue Point to Jim
Crow Point, page 49. East side of Channel
Buoy No. 2 — A red first class', nun is now
moored In 22 feet of water and marks the west
edge of the shoal, which Is making to the
westward. Buoy Depot Wharf Post. Light,
south southeast % east; Tongue Point (east
tangent), east % south; wreck of Silva de
Grace Post Light, south by west % west.
East side of Channel Buoy No. 2V4 — A red
first" class spar was established in 20 feet of
water to mark the turn into this new channel.
Buoy Depot Wharf Post Light, south southeast
hi east; Tongue Point (east tangent), east
southeast hi east; wreck of Silva de Grace
Post Light, south by west % west.
On November 3, 1898, the following changes
were made In the buoyage of the Prairie Chan
nel, page 51:
First Buoy No. I— A black second class can
is now moored in 24 feet of water. Tongue
Point (north tangent), west; Beacon,
No. 2, north by east.
South side of Channel Buoy No. 2— A red
third class nun Is now moored In 18 feet of
water. Tongue Point (north tangent), west hi
north: Beacon No. 2. north by west.
North side of Channel Buoy No. 3— A black
first class spar is now moored In 17 feet of
water. Tongue Point (north tangent), west hi
north: Beacon No. 2, north by west % weßt.
South side of Channel Buoy No. 4 — A red first
class' spar is now moored In 18 feet of water.
Tongue Point (north tangent), west % north;
Beacon No. 2 north northwest.
By order of the United States Lighthouse
Board.
GEO. C. REITER, Commander. U. S. N.,
Inspector Thirteenth Lighthouse District.
Office of United States Lighthouse Inspector.
Portland, Or., November 9, 1898.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographtc Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants" Exchange, San Francisco, Cal., No
vember 12, 1898.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
CHAS. P. WELCH.
Ensign (retired). U. S. N., In charge.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Qeodetie Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
SUNDAY, NOVEMBER W.
Sun rises 6:f>o
Sun sets 4:59
Moon rises 6:26 a. m.
W
i
4.1
1
i
5!:
4.
—0.7
—1.1
—1.0
—0.9
—0.5
I 0.0
I:
4
7:i
8:
9::
3.
8::
10::
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tldea
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and tbe last or right band column gives tha ;
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, us sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on th»
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign t— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted rrom
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lover low waters.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographtfej
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, la
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit th«
office, where complete sets of charts and «all
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matter*
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is Jjoisted
about ten minutes bsfore noon and dropped at
noon 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory, Mare Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any. is published
in the morning papers the following day
Ensign (retired), U. S. X.. in charge.
STEAMERS TO AHRIVE.
Steamer. From. I Duo-
Del Norte Crescent City I Nov. 11
Umatllla Victoria & Puget Sound Nary. 13
Titania Nanaimo Nov. 13
Mackinaw Tacoma « ov - «
Pomona Humboldt Nov. U
Bristol Departure Bay Nov. 13
Alliance Oregon Ports Nov. U
Fulton Portland Nov. U
Signal Willapa Harbor Nov. H
Empire |Coos Bay Nov. 14
C. Nelson Tacoma Nov. 15
Orizaba Newport ; Nov. 15
Leelanaw Seattle Nov. 15
Smth Portland. |Portland Nov. 15
State California ' Port land Nov. 11
Moena Sydney Nov. 18
Mineola Tacoma Nov. U
Chilkat Humboldt Nov. U
Homer Coos Bay Nov.lt
Eli Thompson.. Seattle Nov. IT
Santa Rosa San Diego Nov. 17
Arcata Coos Bay Nov. 17
North Fork Humboldt Nov. 17
Shantung China and Japan Nov. 17
Queen Victoria & Puget SoundNov.lt
Geo. W. Elder.. Portland Nov. 19
Coos Bay [Newport Nov. 1»
City of Sydney. I Panama Nov. 19
Corona ISan Diego Nov. 21
Columbia IPortland Nov. 21
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Pier.
Pier U
Pier S
Coos Bay:?. '
Cleveland ..'
Aztec
Columbia ..
Corona
Pomona ....
Australia ..
Alliance ...
Orizaba —
Umatilla ..I
ChlUcat ....
State of Cal
Curacao ...
Colon
Belglc
Santa Rosa
Arcata
Signal I
C. Nelson..!
G. W. Elder!
.foruana
San Diego
[Humboldt
Honolulu
Oregon Ports.
Newport
Vie & Pgrt Sd.
arc
Sound. .
Nov. IS, 9 am [ Pier U
Nov. 14, 9 am Pier 1
Nov. 15. 1 pm PMSS
Nov. 15, 10 am Pier 24
Nov. 15, 11 am Pier U.
Nov. li, J pm'Pler 9
Nov. ls^ 2 pm|Pler 7
Nov. 16, 10 am | Pier 20
Nov. 17, 9am Pier 11
Nov. 17, 10 am Pier 9
Nov. 17, 2 pm Pier 13
Nov. 18, 10 am Pier 24
Nov. 18. 10 am Pier U
Nov. 18,12 m PMSS
Nov. 19. lpm! PMSS
Nov. 19, 11 am Pier It
Nov. 19, 12 m Pier 13
N0v.20.
Nov. 20.
Nov. 21. 10 am Pier 24
Humboldt ....
j Portland
Mexico
I Panama
o
iPuget Sound..
! Portland
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
CLEARED.
Saturday, November 13. 4
Stmr Cleveland, Pierce, Seattle; E T Kruse &
Co.
Stmr Coos Bay, Glelow, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Br ship Illawarra, Carvosso, Sydney, J I Falk
& Co; (Limited).
Bark Albert, Griffiths, Honolulu; ■Williams,
Dimond & Co.
SAILED.
Saturday, November 12.
Stmr Aloha, Jorgensen, Albion.
Stmr North Fort- Bash, Eureka.
Stmr Walla Walla, Wallace. Victoria and
Port Townsend.
Stmr George W Elder, Hinkle, Astoria.
CHARTERS.
The John G North loads mdse for Honolpu.
The Edward O'Brien loads sugar at Hono
lulu for New York.
The John Smith loads lumber at Burrad Inlet
for Cape Town. 60s.
The Heathfield loads wheat or flour at Ta
coma for Europe,' 355; Henry Villard, wheat for
Eu-ope, 31s 3d.
POMFPTTC pORT<=
SEATTLE— SaiIed Nov 12— Stmrs Excelsior
and Leelanaw, for San Francisco.
BOWENS LANDING — Sailed Nov 12— Schr
Bender Brothers, for San Francisco.
Arrived Nov 12— Schr Corinthian, hence Nov 8.
EUREKA— SaiIed ilav 11— Stmr Brunswick,
for San Francisco; stmr Pasadera, for San
Pedro. /
EVERETT— SaiIed Nov 12— Schr Alcalde, for
San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Nov 12— Stmr Grace
Tollar, for Redondo.
FOPVTCm PORTS.
MAZATLAN— Arrived Nov- s—Schr5 — Schr General
Banning, hence Oct 18.
For late Commercial News and
Shipping Intelligence see page 14.
OCEAN TRAVEL
PHMflMlft S. S. AUSTRALIA
f3sWilß*li£sall3 for Honolulu
[•E " a "" Wednesday, November
■ — >. 16, at 2 p. m.
OmT, X,m\ The 8 - s - MOANA
SlPJirnSn \U<J sails via Honolulu and
CylCgMjniK Auckland for Sydney
/oUlß3lZ*f» Wednesda y. November
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPH
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS BROS. & CO., Agents,
114 Montgomery st.
Freight office— Market st., San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
t^ Steamers leave Broadway
B»i^^ wharf, San Francisco:
fgJ&«B>»>. N For Alaskan ports, II a. «..
KB^^WtS^ NoV. 2, 7. 12, 17. 22. 37, Deo. I.
Dk Hraß transfer at Seattle.
maSRTOI For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
Krtkfl&l C). Port Townsend. Seattle.
f^^^B^^K Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes
New Whatcom (Wash.). 10
-v a. m.. Nov. 2, 7. 12. 17, 22. 17,
Dec 2 and every fifth day thereafter, trans-
Crus. Monterey. San Slraaon.
g ir^U^A^ d oV\ e t^Har-
fo^d (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
B i?r S£2^£SSS£" Bay. San Jo~ de,
*£.itlan Altata. La Paz, Santa RoMlla
2^Guay^aTeMex.). 10 a. m.. Uth of Tr,
m For h further !nfortnat!on obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to changs
without previous notice steamers, sallin* dates
a«IOW!a «IOW!T f O]lrSffoiß-l N«w Montgomery
•'gOODAITpMrKINS & CO.. O.n. Agt^.
awu 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH PAST STEAMERS. TO
PORTLAND
> From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a.m.
CADE $12 First Class Including Berths
I ARC $8 Second Class and Meals.
George W. Elder sails Nov. 3, 12. 21. 30.
Columbia sails Nov. 6, 15. 24, Dec. 1.
State of California sails Nov. 9, 18, 27, Dee. «.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butt*.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
00 Market itmt
GOODALI* PERKINS ft CO.,
Superintendents.
Compagnie Generate Transatiantique.
(French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS _,^»_
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday
at 10 a. m., from Pier 42. Northw*MQ»
River, foot of Morton street.
LA CHAMPAGNE •. Nov. IS
LA BRETAGNE Nov. 28
LA TOURAINE Dec. 3
LA GASCOGNE .....Dec. 10
LA CHAMPAGNE ........Dec 17
First-class to Havre $90 and upward. 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second class to
Havre. $45. 10 per cent reduction round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA.; 3 Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 5
Montgomery avenue. San Francisco. - -
SAY AdD BIVKB STEAMERS.
__^^ r -,_.._ -„-,.-_
TAKE THE BOAT TO SAN JOSE
Dally at 10 a. m. 7- From San Jose daily at 3:30
p. m. Steamer Alviso, ■ Clay-street wharf. Fare
to San Jose, 86c; round trip, 60c. Delightful
bay. excursions. Telephone Main 1350.
FOR I). S. NAVY-YARD AND : VALLEJO.
„ '' Steamer "Monticello."
Men.. Toes.. Wed.. Thura. and 5at............
■9:45 a. m.. J:l5 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thar«.i
Friday* i p. m, and 8:30 a. aa.
> eunaay5.r........... ...... 10:10 a. m. and S p. m.
. lAßdln* and offices— Mission Doca, Flat k
!• - Tsi«phon« Bed »LBOYS` AND GIRLS` PAGE
A RIDINC LESSON
BY LIN SEE
BY MARIE ALLEN KIMBALL
LIN PEE was a little Chinese boy.
He was only 10 years eld, and
if he could have talked like you
he might have told about his
home in his far-off country.
Such a tiny bit of land it was on!
But his father worked so hard there
was always some rice for little Lin See
to eat.
He played and was happy until a
dreadful sickness came, and his father
and mother were taken away dead.
Then Sing Doon said Lin See be
longed to him, and carried him off to a
great town.
Here the small boy used to cry, some
times he was so hungry.
After a while they went on board a
big ship, which began to move swiftly
and he felt so badly that he thought
the dreadful sickness had come to him
like to his father and mother. He did
not much care if he could only get
away from Doon
He lay huddled up in a dark corner
full of misery, while the great vessel
.1 its way across the wide sea.
They stopped at last, and the poor,
homestick Chinese boy was roughly
hustled on shore. The ground seemed to
rise up before him, and there were so
many white people that he thought this
must be their country. Oh, he was so
afraid. He felt better when they
reached Chinatown, but they did not
stay there long.
One night Doon woke him out of h>s
sleep, and they hurried down to the
water again.
How Lin See hoped that Doon was
as frightened as he at this strange
place and that they were going back
home again.
They got into a small sailboat and
went out fast, as if somebody would
stop them. A white man seemed to
be taking them. It was dreadful to
little Lin. They tossed about so on
the dark waves that he expected every
minute to go to the bottom. After a
long time he went to sleep, and when
he awoke the boat was almost to the
shore.
They landed in a rough, wild place
and the boat went away and left them'
alone. They hid behind the rocks and
waited. By and by another Chinaman
came, and they began to walk, the
stranger showing the way. At last,
when Lin Sees feet were so tired they
would hardly move, they reached a
town. Lin could not understand that
this was another country from where
they first landed, and that his long
journey was over at last. That was
how .little Lin See was smuggled Into
the United States.
He soon knew that he must work
and make a great deal of monej for
Doon. He was more frightened than
ever when he found he must live with
white people, to learn to talk and cook.
It was to Mrs. Martha Robinson's farii:
that Lin See was sent.
He soon found that nobody hurt him
He had plenty to eat and not much to
do. He learned to wash dishes ana
fix vegetables. He slept in a small
room off the porch, and Mrs. Robinso:.
came and put the light nut herself af
ter he was in bed. He was happk-i
than he had been since his father ano
mother died. Everybody made a gretu
d-al of him and laughed at his queer
English.
One day Mrs. Robinson's nephew
came to visit her. He rode a beauti-
ful black horse, which came prancing
with dainty steps up to the hitching
post, Lin See was out in the garden
chasing butterflies. His eyes shone
when he saw the spirited animal. He
ran out crying, "Me go, me go."
Joe Sterne's eyes twinkled. "All right,
Lin See," he said.
The little fellow climbed up on th«v
horse, but Beauty had no intention of
b ing ridden by any one but her mas
ter, and with a great flourish of heels
sent Lin See over her head into the
dust.
For several minutes he laid there, a
forlorn figure, his stiff white blouse
covered with dirt.
Aunt Martha ran out crying, "Oh, my
China boy. my China boy! How could
you, Joe?"
She bent over to raise him, but Lin
Sfe suddenly got up. He looked at the
still prancing horse and began rubbing
his arm up and down many times.
"No good, no good; him no good," he
said, and makinp no reply to his mis
tress' anxious questioning marched oft*
MARYSVILLE.
to the barn.
Aunt Martha gave her nephew "a
piece of her mind."
"Now, you've spoiled everything," she
said. "I have been trying to be so good
and kind to that child to gain his con
fidence, and now he has gone off an
gry, and there's no knowing what he
will do.
"I am sorry I interfered with your
missionary work. Auntie," apologized
Joe. "But look!"
Mrs. Robinson turned. Out of the
great barn door clattered the old saddle
horse with Lin See on his back. The
boy was sitting very erect, his wide
sleeves blowing in the breeze as he
bobbed up and down with the motion
Of the animal. He rode straight out
to them and passed two or three times
without turning his head, then he drew
up old Dick by the black horse.
"Me go," he said with a broad smile.
"Him good, me go. You horse no good,
no good; no can go."
Joe nearly succumbed to a spasm of
laughter.
"I'm beat," he said. "You've proved
you are a horseman, Lin Lee."
The Chinese boy rode back to the
barn satisfied.
TO MAKE FLAGS AND EMBLEM.
First cut from Ato B and Gto H top and bottom, fold back at C-F, then
forward at G-E and B-D, likewi se the other end, and you will then
see two American flags an d the emblem of the Red Cross.
IN THE LAND
OF PROMISE
BY ESTELLE BAKER.
NAY, nay, Fillipplno, touch not
that." Fillippino screwed his
little Italian features into a
sulky knot, and he stamped his
foot. Caeserea Decapoli was binding
THE SAX FBANCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1898.
EDITED BY
DAVID H. WALKER
up the last bundle of her household ef
fects, for the Decapoli family was
moving.
It was a very hot day, and the city
of Florence seemed to be taking a nap.
The call of the gondoliers was faint and
distant, and the waters were warm and
calm. The sun burned within the dis
tant blue sky and the pigeons on the
square of St. Mark were cross and
sleepy and found but little prize from
the few passers by.
There were eleven In the Decapoli
family — the father, Marco Decapoli,
the mother, Caeserea Decapoli, the
sons, Niccolini, Fiesole, Lucehia and
Finippino, and the daughters were
Margherita, Lucia, Maria, Theresa and
Emilietta. A big family, indeed — so
many mouths to feed, so many bodies
to clothe, so many children to house
and to protect. Marco Decapoli was
known to his neighbors as a good and
great-hearted man, a'regular attendant
at St. Theresa's, after which patron
saint he had named his third girl. Cer
tainly, the neighbors said, he was a
good, hardworking and godly Floren
tine, taking the best care of his Jrtlg
family. But Decapoli fell and broke
his leg and the family doctor, Caldero,
said that he would never attain be
able to work
"What shall we do, Marco?" asked
the mother.
"We had better leave our home with
Niccolini and some of the rest and let
the remainder of the family go to
America.
"Father, if you wish to go, and as
you know best, let us go."
After a long discussion as to the
merits of each child it was decided to
leave the house in charge of Niccolini
and Lucchia and Lucia and Theresa,
while the rest of the family were to sail
for the wonderful land of America.
"Good-by," yelled Fiesole. "Good
by," ca»ne the tearful answer from the
shore. The boat was leaving the
shores of sunny Italy with seven De
capolis on board and four on shore.
Out on the ocean! Fiesole scam
pered and played like a great frollc
some cat, while Maria, of 14, couldn't
help but join in. One night when the
vessel was oft* the coast of England, a
great storm came up. Maria and Fie
sole crept downstairs they were so
frightened. The ship tossed and top
pled and the waves dashed high above
her rail. It was only a windstorm,
but the water heaved and moaned and
then with a terrible roar threw itself
against the staggering ship. The ves
sel trembled and the timbers creaked
and groaned and seemed about to shat
ter. The steerage passengers hid
their faces in the bed clothes and all
of them grabbed their valuables and
clothes, making them into a bundle.
Mrs. Decapoli bundled up the little they
carried with them and waited for the
crisis. It soon came. A great wave,
higher than all the rest, stronger than
all the rest, came rumbling over toward
the ship. They all heard it and they
knew they must prepare for the worst.
"Stand back," the captain yelled to
the crew as they attempted to board
the lifeboats, "or I'll shoot you."
Mrs* Decapoli, trembling and pale
faced, gathered her children about her
and Maria took little Emilietta and
Fillipino in her arms.
"Women and children first," cried the
captain. Mrs. Decapoli sent Maria first
and then Morin handed down Emilietta
and Fillippino. Meanwhile the boats
were being crowded with people and
there was a great tumult and babel of
voices. Suddenly the ship they had
just left went down.
The men at the oars pulled hard and
long. The moaning was breaking and
the lights on shore were vanishing. A
tug came near. Soon they were on
board, their clothes drying by a warm
furnace and a hot breakfast spread be
fore them.
Within a week they were on the At
lantic again, bound for New York. It
was a long time before they saw it.
But one afternoon the vessel steamed
slowly in to New York harbor. A pilot
boat and a tup came out to greet th&m
and to guide them in. Then they rode
in the but=y streets of New York.
Near where 'hey lived was a church
where the little boys sang in white
robes. Fiesole's mother had no objec
tions to his attending St. Margaret's
on condition that he would sing there,
for Flesole v ad a marvelous voice.
Within a month Fiesole had learned
enough English to talk with others and
also Maria. One Friday nijrht he ap
plied to Mr. Gray, the choir mast<-r, •
asking to be allowed to sing in the
choir. "Sing for me," said Mr. Gray.
He had heard so many voices that he
was used to hearing good ones, but
when Fiesole sang the choir master
■was delighted.
Maria was going to school and al
though she was totally unused to the
methods and companions she found
there she progressed rapidly. One
day she -ad been drawing in school.
Her tablet was filled with figures
drawn from life, from her schoolmates
around her.
"Maria Decapoli, please tell me what
you are doing," cried the teacher, see
ing that her pupil was not studying.
"I am drawing," Maria answered.
"Well let me see what you are do
ing."
In an instant the teacher's practiced
eye saw that talent lay in that little
girl, and she sent her to her seat. It
was soon arranged that Maria should
take lessons of some artist.
On Sunday, in the little church of St.
Margaret's, Fiesole made his first ap
pearance as a vocaiist. The organ
master played a short prelude and then
Fiesole sang. It was a revelation to
everybody. Deep and mellow were the
notes from his throat. The selection
was a triumphant chant and the deep
brown eye 3of the Italian lad shone as
his heart beat in steady rhythm, for the
song was in I.ls mother tongue — and
Maria, Mar o 'herita, his mother and hi 3
father and his little brother and sister
were there and — who else? Who, but
one of the greatest singing masiers in
the land.
The people listened entranced and
the notes died away in joyous cadence.
It seemed to the people as if an angel
had suddenly come into their midst
and left, carrying away the sunshine.
More yet! One day before a great as
semblage of art students, art buyers
and art seekers Maria Decapoli's pic
ture won first prize. And what was it?
A great ship Clearing the home land,
while many stood on shore and cried
and others stood on deck and wept.
And when Maria Decapoli's name was
called out to 1 ceive the prize— a gold
medal and a scholarship at a great art
school under a great master— a frail
looking girl of 16 came up the aisle and
thanked the presenter. And how every
body applaudea!
S<> the "new world" was good to
them. They were joined by the other
members of the family from Italy and
now they are all very happy together.
THE BUSINESS
THAT FAILED
BY ALMA S BEMENDERFER.
WANTED— By a peddler, a boy
of 14 or 15 years; good wages.
Apply at Davis* store, Main
street, Saturday.
It almost seemed as If the
printer of the paper put that piece
where James Walker could not fail to
see it. Wishing to earn the money to
buy a pony, be was one of the first
boys to apply.
"This Is Mr. Jarvis," said the store
keeper, "and here is a young chap to
see you, Jim Walker; and I can recom
mend him as an non»st boy. Mr. Jar
vis," he explained, "is somewhat put
out because the boy who came along
this trip left at a town five miles away."
"And a good bit of a walk for him,"
said Jarvis, grimly; "but a boy like
that deserved it. It seems to be my
fate to- hire the poorest excuses, if I
do say so. In Linden, that's where I
keep a store, the boy who works for
me must be in, except when we make a
trip now and then to different stations
for supplies. Now what do you say to
going to work for me at $10 a month?
It's pleasant work, especially when we
are out with the team. The last boy
brought along his airgun and killed
$10 worth of rabbits." Jarvis looked
shrewdly at James to see what effect
this latest inducement would have.
"Is the hunting really that good?"
"Why, yes, even better, I take it, for
you. The other boy being lazy I don't
consider that a fair average."
These later words caused James to
agree and that morning to start for
Linden.
To drive along the smooth roads was
pleasant and the peddler was good
company. He was familiar with that
country anc many other places and
listening James considered himself for
tunate. As they drove into a rougher
section the horses made slow headway,
for the wagon was heavily loaded with
watermelons and fruit in boxes.
Later Mr. Jarvis began to tell about
those who had worked for him. "One
boy was very lazy, the last one. W 7 hy,
when we were camping at San Pablo
he went swimming and kept me wait
ing till 10 o'clock. Then there was an
other, John Jones. It was hard work
to wake him. You see I like to get
started early and the little rascal would
sleep, sleep, like a log. One morning I
just laid on the whip."
"Did he wake up then?" asked James.
"Did he? Why, yes. But he skipped
out at the next town. Then there was
Tom Smith, who ate more fruit than
his wages amounted to. Once he ate
all the bananas. They were scarce and
TO TURN THE MILKMAID INTO A PRINCESS.
Cut diagonal lines on both sides at B-F, then fold forward at A-B, fold forward at A-B, fold back at A-C, fold back
at A-C, fold down at C-F, fold forward at D-E, fold back at F-G.
under the load," explained Jarvis, re
gretfully, "and I didn't notice till it
was too late."
Later, after crossing a swift stream
while going up hill the end-board, near
which James was sitting, broke from
its fastenings, the load silpped out and
James was tossed to one side of the
road in time to see the mass slide into
the stream and float away.
Trying the horses, the peddler came
around in great rage.
"You little rascal," he exclaimed. "So
that is what you were doing back
there! Cut the fastenings, did you?"
James dodged into the underbrush.
The peddler followed, threatening to
punish him severely, but as James was
smaller and more nimble he led him a
merry chase through the tangled under
brush, and under cover of the confu
sion swam across the stream, and fol
lowing along the road, got a ride home.
As he looked back for the last time
Mr. Jarvis could be seen still searching
for James. That is the reason James
did not become a peddler.
SIX TIMES NINE
ACROSS THE SNOWY MOUNTAINS.
COME and play with me, rabbit."
60 the rabbit that was lazily
frolicking among the Nevada
sagebrush came and played with
Wawona, the little, black-eyed
Indian boy; and all the birds, insects
and reptiles in turn came obedient to
the call and played with the child of
the sun, who laughed as gaily as a
mountain trird until the shadows of the
highest peaks of the Sierras began to
creep over the plains and foothills, and
the sun burned red, like a camp fire,
ere it sank from sight.
"Good-by sun," said Wawona, wav
ing his hand in adieu. "I may not
come to-morrow to pay. but Jackrab
bit and Coyote they will come.
A tepee was reddening in the last
rays of the sun. At the door lay a
ball, and some feathers arranged in a
little head dress and gay with bright
colored dye stuff. There also was a lit
tle drum, such a drum as white boys
-use. It had been given to little Wa
wona by a tourist who had used it as
a lure to secure a picture of Wawona,
for the tourist was an artist and he saw
that Wawona had a wonderfully fine
face— for an Indian. This drum was
Wawona's choicest plaything.
Wawona gathered up all his treasures
and carried them within the tepee. "I
am not going to play with them any
more," he said.
Smut Face, the squaw, his aunt,
made no answer, as the little fellow
put his toys in an old soap box and
gat down upon a bear skin on the
ground and seemed to be looking far
away.
With the night came a cold November
storm. The air was thick with snow.
Through the mountain canyons the
wind howled like a demon. The skies
were overcast with thick, suffocating
clouds.
When the time came for Wawona to
I studied my tablc-p over and over.
And backward and forward, too.
But I couldn't remember six timei
nine.
And I didn't know what to do,
Till my sister told me to play with my
doll.
And not to bother my head.
"If you'll call her 'Fifty-four* for awhile
You'll learn it by heart," she said.
So I took my favorite Mary Ann
Though I thouKht it a dreadful shame
To Jfive such a perfectly lovely child
Such a perfectly horrid name').
And I called her dear little "Fifty-four"
A hundred tlm^p, till I knew
The answer of six times nine as well
As the answer of two times two.
At first I thought that wasn't quite fair,
For there was no doll in the books;
But 'twas better far than the teacher's
stare
And the children's funny looks.
So after awhile I thought It all out,
And believed it was right without
shadow of doubt.
Next day Elizabeth Wfgglesworth,
Who always acts so proud,
Said "Six times nine is fifty-two,"
And 1 nearly laughed aloud.
But I wish 1 hadn't, for when teacher saifl,
"Now. Dorothy, tell if you can,"
I thought of my doll, and— sakes alive!
I answered "Mary Ann!"
Bleep he said that he wanted to see his
toys and Smut Face brought them; nor
did she scold or strike him all that
night.
Fiercer and fiercer gTew the storm;
colder and colder grew the air. Old
Smut Face struggled forth and brought
in some logs in the teeth of the gale
and kept the fire going.
For the first time, just before mid
night, she noticed that Wawona was
sick. He sat up on the bear skin and
looked wistfully at his drum.
"Give my drum to my little friend,"
he said.
"Wawona, Wawona," cried out the
Indian squaw, forgetting her usual
stolidity, "are you sick?"
"Not sick- only going over the moun
tains to find mamma," was the answer.
He did not speak again all night, but
lust as the sun peeped over the eastern
mountains he called out, "^ood-by
sun," and was stilL
Across the plain shrieked the wind,
whirling the snow wraiths before it.
Old Smut Face listened keenly, not
moving from her place.
"It is the great Spirit talking to Wa
wona so that he will not lose his way
in the snow, while he is crossing the
mountains," she said.
She sat lon«- gloomily smoking her
pipe and musing. Then she rose and
put all the toys gently in the box.
D. H. W.
A BOY FINDS
A PROBLEM.
I wonder how I'd like It,
And I wonder who I'd be.
Supposing I was somebody else,
And somebody else was me!
I wonder, I just wonder,
What boy I'd like to be—
Supposing I didn't like him
When I found that he was me!
—From St Nicholas.
3132
SERVICES THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES.
First Baptist Ourch. Eddy street,
Jones— Rev. E. A. Woods.
Morning— "A Birthright Despised." 3
ing— "A Boy Who Could Say No.
Emmanuel Baptist. Bartlett street, near
Twenty-third— Rev. J. G. Gibson.
Morning— "My Fourth Anniversary." Even-
ing— "I Am Full of Power." )
Hamilton Square Baptist, Post street,
Stelner— Rev. W. C. Jenkins.
Morning— "Growth — Downward and Up-
ward." Evening— "A Sheep Found."
St Agnes Church, Masonic avenue, between
Page and Oak streets— Rev. William P.
Klrby.
Morning— High mass and sermon. Even-
ing — Vespers and benediction.
6t. Charles Borromeo, Eighteenth and Shot-
well streets— Father P. J. Cummins.
I Morning— High mass and sermon by one
j of the priests of the community. Evening
I —Sermon and vespers.
St. Brendan's, Fremont
streets— Father Nugent.
and
Harrison
I Morning— High mass and sermon.
i Ing — Vespers.
Even-
St. Brlgid's, Van Ness avenue and Broad-
way—Father CotUe.
Morning— Sermon on the Gospel. Evening
—Sermon, vespers and benediction.
Church of Corpus Chrlstl. Alemany and
Croke streets— fialesian Fathers.
Morning— High mass and sermon by Father
Cassini. Evening— 4 o'clock, vespers, ser-
mon and benediction.
St. Charles, Twenty-fourth and Shotwell
streets— Father Cummings.
Morning— High mass at 10:30 o'clock. Even-
ing — Vespers and sermon.
St. Dominic's, Bush and Steiner
Rev. Pius Murphy.
Morning— High mass at 11 o'clock. Even-
ing — Rosary and procession in honor of
the Virgin.
St. Francis, Vail
avenue — Father
Morning— High mass and sermon at 11
o'clock. Evening— Vespers, sermon and
benediction.
All Hallows. Sixteenth avenue and N street
—Rev. D. O. Sullivan.
Morning — High mass and sermon at 11
o'clock. Evening— Vespers.
St. Ignatius. Van Ness avenue and Hayea
street— Jesuit Fathers.
Morning—Sermon at high mass by Rev.
Father Sardl, S. J. Evening— Sermon by
Rev. Father Calsia, S. J.
St. James, Twenty-third and
Btre«t*— Father P. R. Lynch.
Guerrero
Morning — High mass and sermon by one of
the priests of the parish. Evening — Ves-
pers, benediction and a sermon.
St. Joseph's, Tenth street, near Howard-
Father P. Scanlan.
Morning — High mass and sermon on the
Gospel of the day. Evening — Vespers.
St Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue ana
6'Fexrell street— Rev. J. J. PrenderKaet, i
V. G.
Morning — High mass and sermon at 11
o'clock. Evening — Vespers, benediction
and sermon.
St Mary's Churchy Califc
streets— Paulist Fathers.
j — High mass at 11 o'clock. Even-
'espers, sermon and benediction.
St. Patrick's, Mission street, near Third-
Father Gray.
Morning — High mass and a sermon on the
Gospel. Evening — Vespers, benediction
and sermon.
6t Paul's. Twenty-ninth
streets— Father Connolly.
and
mass at 10:30 o'clock. Even-
and vespers.
Sts. Peter and Paul. Filbert and
streets— Satesian Fathers.
Morning— Sermon In Italian by one of the
priests of the community. Evening — Ser-
mon and vespers.
6t Peter's. Alabama street, near Twenty-
fourth— Father P. S. Casey.
; Morning — Sermon on the Gospel. Evening —
I Vespers, benediction and sermon.
Morning — High mass and sermon. Evening
| — Vespers and benediction.
St. Rose's, Brannan street, near Fourth-
Father Nugent.
Star of the Sea, Seventh avenue and Point
Lobos avenue— Father Coyle.
Morning'— Sermon and high mass at 10:30
o'clock. Evening — Sermon by the pastor.
St. Teresa's, Tennessee and Butte streets—
Rev. P. C. O'Connell.
Morning — High mass and sermon. Evening
— Vespers, benediction and sermon.
Our Lady of Victories, Bush street.
Stockton— Marist Fathers.
Morning — High mass and sermon by one of
the priests of the community. Evening-
Vespers and sermon.
First Christian, Mission and Twelfth streets
—Rev. F. S. Ford.
Morning— "Fellowship." Evening— "I Write
Unto You, Young Men, Because You Are
Strong."
Bethany Congregational, Bartlett street,
near Twenty-fifth— Rev. W. C. Pond.
Morning— Pers-ices at 11 o'clock. Evening-
Divine service at 7:30 o'clock.
Bethlehem Congregational, Vermont street,
near Twenty-fourth— Rev. W. H. Tubb.
Morning— "Godliness Is Profitable With All
Things." Evening-— "He That Believeth
in the Son Hath Everlasting Life."
Richmond Congrerational, Seventh avenge
and Clement street— Rev. P. Coombe.
Morning— "How to Build a Church." Even-
ing— "The Call for Civic Regeneration."
Olivet Congregational. Seventeenth
Noe streets— Rev. H. T. Shepaxd.
and
Morning— "The Trinity and Human Duty."
Evening — "Ideal Manhood."
First Congregational, Post
streets— Rev. G. C. Adams.
and
Mason
Evening— "Nlcodemus;
quirer."
an
Educated
In-
Third Congregational, Fifteenth
Mission— Rev. William Rader.
near!
JMarning— "The Marks nf Jesus." Evening—
"The Good Young Man- in an Evil Coun-
try."
Plymouth Congregational Post street, near
Webster— Rev. F. B. Cherington.
Morning— "Constraining Power of Love to
Christ." by the pastor. Evening— "The
World's Care for Young Men," by same.
Church of the Advent, Eleventh street.
Market— Rev. J. A. Emery.
Evening— Song service.
Grace Episcopal. California and Stockton
streets— Rev. R. C. Foute.
[orning— Communior
Evening — Festival
sermon. ,
n service at 11 o'clock,
service, followed by
St. Luke's, Van Ness avenue and Clay
street— Rev. \V. H. Moreland.
Morning — Sermon and communion service.
Evening — Sermon and prayer service.
St Cornelius Chapel, Presidio Reservation
—Rev. D. O. Kelley.
Morning-jBpecial service for the soldiers.
Evening— Sermon and Instruction.
St. John the Evangelist, Fifteenth street,
near Valencia— Rev. E. B. SpaJdlng.
Morning— Divine service and sermon at U.
Evening — Sermon by the pastor.
St. Man* the Virgin. Union and Steinerj
streets— Rev. H. Parrisn.
Morning — Mass and holy communion at 7:30
o'clock; high mass and sermon at ix
Evening — Evensong and sermon at 8.
St Peter's Episcopal, Stockton and Filbert
streets— Rev. M. D. Wilson.
j Morning— 11 o'clock, sermon by Rev. Charles
i Hitchcock of San Rafael. Evening— Even-
I song with sermon by the rector.
St. Paul's Episcopal, California street, near
Fillmore— Rev. W. Maxwell Rellly.
[orning — Communion at 7:30 o'clock, follow-
ed by litany service and sermon by the
rector. Evening— Song service and ser-
mon.
Trinity Episcopal, Bush
—Rev. H. C. Cooke.
Morning — Holy communion at 11 o'clock-
Evening — Sermon and instruction.
German Evangelical Emmanuel Church,
Twelfth and Stevenson streets— Rev. F. j
W. FiBchsr.
Morning— "Full Assurance of Eternal Life."
| Evening— "If I May but Touch His Gar-
I ment."
First English Lutheran, Geary street, near iMorninp — "The Xinevites in Judgment "
Gough— Rev. E. Nelander. | Evening— "A Profitable Life."
California Street M. E. Church. California
and Brodenck streets — Frederic C. Lee.
Morniug— "Righteousness Before Peace."
i Evening — "Christian Unity vs. Sectarian
i Bigotry."
Central Methodist Episcopal Church. Mis-
sion street, between Fifth and Sixth— Rev.
C. E. Locke.
'Morning— "Testimony of the Works of Je-
: bus." Evening— "Is the World Getting
Better?" Concluding observations and
question drawn.
Fin=t M. E. Church, Powell and
ington Streets— Rev. W. S. Urmy.
Wash-
Morning— Sermon by the rector.
— Song service and sermon.
Evening
Fifteenth Avenue M. E. Church, Fifteenth;
avenue south and P street — Rev. H. j
Pearce.
j Morning— Divine service at 11 o'clock. Even-
| ing — Sermon, followed by religious in-
struction.
Grace Methodist Episcopal, Twenty-flrst
and Capp streets— Rev. J. N. Beard.
Morning— Sermon by the rector. Evening-
Same.
Howard Street M. E. Church (Strangers'
Home). Hov.ard street, near Third— Rev.
J A. B. Wilson.
Morning — Divine service at 11 o'clock. Even-
ing—Sermon by the rector.
Potrero M. E. Church, Tennessee and Solano
streets— Rev. D. W. Chllson.
Morning— Sabbath service at 11. Evening
—Sermon and instruction at 8 o'clock by
the pastor.
Richmond Methodist, Fourth avenue and
Clement street— Rev. George Baugh.
Morning— Services at 11 o'clock: Sunday
school at 12:30. Evening— Divine service
at 7:30 o'clock.
Centenary M, E. Church, Bush street, be-
tween Gough and Octavia—Rev. C. R.
Riddick.
Morning — Sermon by the rector. Evening
Same.
Epworth M. E. Church, Church and Twen-
ty-sixth streets— Rev. W. M. Woodward.
the rector at 11 o'clock,
followed by prayer ser-
Simpson Memorial M. E. Church, Hayes
and Buchanan streets— Rev. J. Stephens.
j Morning— Sermon by Rev. A. C. Bane, the
| evangelist. Evening— Sermon by same.
Starr King A. M. E. Zlon Church. Stockton I
street, near Clay— Rev. F. Brunn.
j Evening— "The Triumphant March of the
I Church Through all Ages of the World."
Calvary Presbyterian, Geary and Powell
streets— Rev. J. Hemphill.
Morning— Services at 11; Sunday school at
12:30. Evening— Y. P. S. C. E. at 6:30; ser-
vices at 7:30.
First Presbyterian Church, Van Ness ave-
nue and Sacramento street — Rev. R. Mac-
kenzie.
Morning— Sermon by Dr. Mackenzie at 11
o'clock. Evening— Sermon by Rev. Edwin
Jenks at 7:30 o'clock.
First United Presbyterian, Golden Gate
avenue and Polk street.
Morning— Divine service at 11 o'clock. Even-
Ing — Sermon and the recital of prayer.
Lebanon Presbyterian Church, Sanchez and
Twenty-third streets— Rev. R. W. Rey-
nolds.
Morning— Sermon by ProfesBor Thomas F.
Day, D.D., of San Anselmo Seminary.
Evening — Same.
Trinity Presbyterian. Twenty-third
Capp streets— Rev. A. N. Carson.
and
Morning — Sermon and Instruction by the
rector. Evening— Song service and sermon
by the rector.
Memorial Presbyterian, Eighteenth' -street
and Railroad avenue— Rev. H. N. Bevler.
Morning— "The Child at the Door." Even-
ing— "Wheat and Tares."
Mispah Presbyterian, Harrison street, near
Fifth— Rev. F. A. Doane.
Morning — Divine service and sermon at 11
o'clock. Evening— Sermon and Instruction
by the rector.
Stewart Memorial U. P. Church, Guerrero
street, near Twenty-third— Rev. W. EL
Dugan.
Morning— "Which Shall it Be?" Evening—
"Is Christ Lost? or the City Christ."
Westminster Presbyterian, Page and Web-
ster streets— Rev. 8. S. Cryor.
'Are There Few That Be Saved?"
-Grove F. Ekius and other young
speak.
Bethel African M. E. Church, Powell streft,
near Jackson — Rev. W. B. Anderson.
Morning— "A Personal McRsap
sonal Response." Evening — '
and Horses."
a Per-
First Unitarian, Geary and Franklin streets
—Rev. Dr. Stebblns.
Morning— Sunday school at 10:30 o'clock: di-
vine service at 11. Evening — There is no
evening service In this church.
Second Unitarian, Twentieth
streets— Rev. A. J. Wells.
and
Morning — "The Larger Interpretations."
Evening— "The Trend of Things."
St Alban's Episcopal Mission, Golden
Gate Hall. 625 Sutter street— Rev. Eras-
mus Van Deerlin.
and sermon at 11:15.
First Divine Science Church.
Morning— "Oneness; There Is no Separa-
tion," by Miss A. L. Brooks of Denver.
y M C. A. Auditorium, Mason and Ellis
streets.
p. m.— Union mans meeting of all the city
churches for both men and women; ad-
dress by Rev. Dr. Curry-
The Board of Aldermen of Somerville.
Mass lias passed a resolution In favor
of The municipal, ownership of the elec
tric light plant
Western Australia has an act in force
prohibiting the landing of any one who
cannot -write out a given passage in
English.
THE SAX FBAISTCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1898.
H ALES. , |
oooooooodoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
% Demonstration all this week ,by an expert of the nutritious properties of Armour's Extract of o
° Beef and Vigoral : drop in and get a sandwich, and a cup of it. o
° write or ask for our little illustrated booklet, "Ye turkey-how to cook and how to car it." 15.000 copies, first issue, free. cv o
O p
« bazaar. We don't stop at enamel ware /JSff * "^<rv^ ~**^Zr to do it leisurely and well. We" Te'ep 2
_ either — we've crockery, tinware, glass- jj£mr--^mn M^&J&Sk *Tlh' *""** *tt^^^ open every Saturday night from nO w 2
o ware, cutlery, table ornaments-many <^~ %^WMffM^ tf#/Wl/Jl<**^*^ to Christmas. """ "° W 2
q things for those giving thanks. ""mj^hmfc^ W^ %^M^j-^^^^^ _ k O
I to=day we tell of cloaks : some for show : some for wear and show : all good : |
O just now the styles are fixed until spring opens. A walk through our enlarged cloak, suit, jacket and wrap dep't. will show you the latest garments g
2 \ to wear in the park, driving or walking; outer -wear for the afternoon and evening walk on Market street when shopping; and still again, swell o
O garments in most modest cloth at a dose figure for those (like the writer) .who have" to economize; and, after all, a well-dressed woman need not O
0 be expensively dressed — good taste and economy work wonders. v . •■••'-_■ O
% sale of agateware :
O the heart of many a man has
O experienced cooks use It- We'use^word 0 "cooT' k to
Q " _ . s&. fZ9I denote any one who gives
/&4>/7!/SiWA Mb //Srj fjffli us pleasure by serving our
O l&£^ssto "^ ' *£ //^^m IZ£i /7»/9>FA food. Queen Victoria up to
X >2rZ^s* M£ /?Jf7//Jf/jF<27 a few years ago delighted
O €^^Mf/?J!*J&*W<Mf : mrfr!&Z&& to visit the kitchen and even
O -- J*k ' * M ■M&WMrwJtK&.wi* *■■& ' cook; many of the sweet
X ««?s^H»£*?>-'s!!^^* >4 '" "-^ /'/i'Gn^me^l^A wives of our Presidents have
° 3^  '« nctrne "ea graced the culinary depart —
r% <^rJ :• **° ♦<***• Steel ware ments by their presence and
v **'■' v v.^! * their advice; thousands upon ,
O thousands of . citizens ,of San Francisco could be happier, healthier; homes !
O cheerier, If proper utensils were used . In the cooking; don't blame wife or ;
cook if you don't supply enamel ware; give cook what she deserves; It's false j
© economy to stint her. »
I-. ' The enamel ware— Kieckhefer's— is the most durable knotrn; a hard and
" fast enamel on steel. We offer the following as Indications of how reason-
Q able we sell really good granite ware: .
■• »^*6^^*«|lli : .st&'^ji!l^^_K milk or rice boiWs, 1 quart. 35c; 212 1 - j
O v^iSw&WMSiM jgfi KaWßWJii ■„ quart,. 62c; covered milk: buckets, 2 j
O «C^£ffiS&»liatfßl SS fflsff quart, 19c: 3 quart, 23c; 4 quart. 28c; !
V2V. W&UUmS&K^r • *' t > uar '' 29c; cullenders, 12 inch. 2Sc;
O dippers, 1 quart, loc; 2 quart, 18c;
" - '^^£My»jj£jjaGJ QppP"* Berlin quart, 28c; quart, 35c; milk
\ .... 24c; 3 quart, 2Sc; 5 quart, 35c; milk
Q ■" kettles, 1 quart, 21c; 2 quart, 28c;
O3 quart 3.'c; '4 quart, 39c; dishpans, 10 quart, 37c: 14 quart, 44c; 17 quart,
v f,°r ■ pudding pans, 2 quart, 12c: 3 quart, 13c; flat skimmers, 9. inch, oc each;
O oblong roasting pan (for the turkey). 13 Inch, 20c; 14 inch, 24c; 15 inch, 25c;
-v 16 inch 30c; lipped saucepan, 2 quart, 14c; 3 quart, 18c; 4 quart, 20c: 6 quart,
" 2Sc- basting spoons, 12 inch, 6c; 14 inch. 8c; 16 inch, 9c; 18 Inch. 10c; lipped
O saucepan 2 quart, 14c; 3quart. ISc; 4 quart. 20c; . 6 •.. quart. 23c;
«[ granite cover coffee pot. 2 quart, 33c; 3 quart. 40c; 4 quart, 50c; straight
© sauce pot 3 quart, 26c; 4 quart, 30c; 6 quart. 35c; 10 quart, 45c; 12 quart, 50c. |
o -
% these are Hale's
% prices on blankets :
o
n 120 pair white blankets, all wool, size 62x
S2- red, pink and blue borders; fulled
O and shrunk; very durable; fIJQ OK
q per pair €J>O»^-O
© 200 pair white blankets, all' (tQ QCj'
© wool; 72x52 inches <J>O»€7«J
2 150 pair white all wool blankets. Callfor-
O nia make, therefore Native Sons sleep
r% under them; silk bound; 72x84 inches.
v with pink, blue and yellow fiTCT AA
O borders tp«J»W
o
ft rich baby blankets, white lambs' wool:
*~ selected stock; in pink and «J!O *7 PZ
O blue borders; 32x42 €&^.»lx3
O Frisco's busy mail order house, and the largest strictly cash store In the great we
O The VcCatl paper patterns-latest-just arrived. 937 tO 947 Market St^t, Sail FrailCiSCO. Write your rnai, orders teryplatolj. %
LATEST FEAT OF STRENGTH FOR BIG ATHLETES.
ONE OF THE MILON TRIO LIFTING A WEIGHT WHILE STANDING ON A WIRE, THE
ENDS OF WHICH ARE HELD BY THE TEETH OF HIS TWO COMPANIONS.
ALTHOUGH our age can hardly produce forms like
those of the Apollo Belvedere, of Achilles, and of 'the
Discobolus, celebrated in the mythology and classic
art of the Greeks, there are nevertheless many men in
numerous athletic clubs and on the so-called "Variety"
stage who are not far inferior in physical beauty to their
Greek prototypes. The Milon trio are attracting much at
tention by reason of their marvelous exhibitions of strength,
as well as by their grace.
The concluding feat of these performers is certainly as
imposing as it is remarkable. Two of the Milons stand
on pedestals placed at each side of the stage and hold be
CONSUMPTION
NOT HEREDITARY
SENOR PABLO LOZANO V
PONCE DE LEON, director of the
Society for the Protection of Chil
drer at Madrid, contends that tv-
berculosis is not hereditary, end
that the question in connection there
with which remains to be settled is sim-
ply whether predisposition or immun
ity is hereditary. In an address de
livered before the Congress of Hygiene,
recently held at Madrid, reported in La
Escuela Moderna, he gave it as his
opinion that the theory of heredity
of this disease, admitted by all physi-
cians from the commencement of med
icine up to the present time, must be
considered the saddest of all medical
doctrines-, and that it Is this which has
made it so difficult to treat the opposite
doctrine of contagion justly. "Multi
HALES. j
great sale of
handkerchiefs:
jj. 100 dozen ladles' supe-
ig!f\?'^j~ ' or quality British
ifTvvV' ■ manufacture, white
JBLy'Jr hemstitched handker-
|S\^- v chiefs, • IV4 Inch
""^ \ hem (extra QU
\ A ' wide) O3v
/)vu\\v\. ladles" union linen em-
ftftyyJx broldered, scalloped
/ 7 iTi > '*»> and hemstitched bor-
/ /fiVtt' . JoVf ders: bought In bulk:
JfS) \ JrWs' that's why we sen
/SSbL.-- v ■'££&} them so \A C
"^jS^^tlif cheap i-T-c
V^!§lRii>^ 'ladles' Swiss embrold-
>>rr >— ' ered' scalloped lace
and hemstitched bordered handkerchiefs; beau-
tifully embroidered In open and blind QSJ/-.
stitch work : .'
tween their teeth a wire rope on which the third of their
number stands and lifts hundred pound weights and dumb
bells. These latter he holds at arm's length and raises
in the air several times, balancing himself all the while on
one leg, a feat which fully testifies to the immense
strength of the two human pillars. Around the bodies of
the two athletes straps are passed and connected by
means of an Iron ring, with heavy chains secured to the
pedestals. By this means the wire and its weight of 350
to 400 pounds is prevented from tearing the men from
their places. Even with the assistance of these chains the
jaws, sinews and muscles of the neck and back are sub
jected to an enormous strain and must consequently be
abnormally developed.
tudes of victims," he says, "have been
sacrificed on the altar of ignorance."
Continuing, he remarks:
"That tuberculosis is produced by the
Koch bacillus no one now denies: and
it is also undeniable that the bacillus
Is found in every organic lesion of this
nature.
"It is also an evident fact that the
younger the being -which is exposed to
contact with the Koch bacillus, the
more readily is it absorbed and the
more quickly it is developed, extending
■fan a very short time to almost all the
organs being disseminated
through the ganglions, bones, liver,
spleen, lungs, etc., while in adults it i 3
seldom found except in the lungs. Pas
teur .... also observed that the
younger the animal when inoculated
the more susceptible it is to the action
of the bacillus.
"Therefore a fact on which our atten
tion must be fixed ia. that the younger
the human organism the more easily ia
HALES.
display of
new jackets, etc.
, Lots of folks think that be-
JKjsiS^Sfc|. cause new jackets meaning
■iß^—^Xaß latest styles — are spoken of
- ■ '. m v^fsv that these new Jackets must
Btf^^^L^AYili]!\ be expensive, but we are going
. .-^^Sr^ffl^ Ji'X prove that our prices are un-
d&^^JßV'^S&^s^ usually low even for this
x^feyyffi^fc^gqjrXy store. Here are six examples:
V'vwip^». black melton cloth jackets,
v2«3«lws Wl33§» fancy lined, heavy welerht,
Jk ' 45£j??SK5ta€LflS$^ Jackets of black CO PZfl
2>/1 O*Cr ?3Kt3«*K3K3ssfl». boucle, satin *i>tJ»*J\J
>^I 3 jJ&USS&£EJSGbS& • • lined, shield front, tailor fin-
»^\ii^3Br<r *T*B^> lFhed, turn-'lown collar, new
trated), thibot fur all round,
MEfl\fat\ vtt'wiSWS Swvm silk lined, handsomely em-
jß&JFTt'i A^«^?^yk^^>^n\^\. l»roldertrd in braid and bead!!,
-'•■""•"' jacket. dart «t> T »OU
sleeves, turn-down collar, strap seams, silk serge lined, box front, sizes
32 to 44. ' ; • ' / . "..
changeable taffeta silk petticoats, deep . flounce of 8-inch, and Clt\ QSJ
ruffle with two cords at top and 4 at bottom; dust ruffle of «JJVF«CTCF
same material, bound with velvet, all lengths.
(private rooms for fitting ; all alterations free; an absolute fit
guaranteed.)
in our big
lining dept.
Moire velours, 32 Inches w!i>. In all the fancy
plain colors, medium weight; bright|O2^»
and silky, per yard lvl3V
new metallic linings, 36 Inches wide; gold and
pilver check woven over the surface; A f\r>
black backs and colored backs »"v
the usual 10c Blleslas here at 8 l-3c
the usual 20c slleslas here at 15c
(when in dress goods dept. see these)
it invaded by the germs of tuberculosis
and the more rapid and extensive are
the ravages which this germ produces.
"The experiments made on animals
also substantiate this fact, according to
the experiments of Bernheim, Straus,
Sanchez, Toledo, Grancher, Nocard,
Ley den, Max Wolff; and even Baum
garten, the defender of the theory of
heredity, who inoculated male, female
and young rabbits with the tuberculo
sis germ, reports that the female be
coming pregnant after being infected
did not give birth to tuberculous
young, and if the latter were separated
from the sphere of contagion in which
their progenitors lived,' this disease
was never known to be developed in
eitheT themselves or in any of the!r de
scendants."
In further proof of his theory Senor
Ponce de Leon cites statistics from
Schutzleln, physician of the hospital at
Munich, who in treating 613 children,
43.59 per cent of whom had one con
sumptive parent and 6.86 per cent both
parents consumptive, had not noticed
a single cfree of tuberculosis in the
I HALES. I
copies of French miljinery $5 each : g
a line of fur felt hats that roll off the face, trimmed in black feathers. _
soft, velvet facing, fancy velvet crown, finished with. ornaments. W
short-backed sailors, in fine fur felt, trimmed in velvet. Quills, wingg and Q
ornaments, »5 each; also the •'Graceful." the latest In a bell-crowned wide- Q
rimmed sailor for misses and children; trimmed with plaid sash with fringed «
ends, 75c each. O
domestic attractions: g
100 dozen turkish towels, unbleached, very large and heavy, size 27x58 q
inches ....«*sc
twill toweiing/'aii Vinen, 17 Inches wide, red border ftc Q
bleached table damask, all linen. 62 inches wide... 40c
bleached table damask, all linen, 66 inches wide -i;7SS "
EO pair chenille portieres in light shades, per pair 93.00 q
new prices on flannelettes:
double-faced flannelette, pure white, fleeced both sides, heavy quality, 27 ~
Inches wide, just right for present use •••■lOo O
1700 yards fancy striped flannelette in desirable colors 6 l-4c n
(with the advent of cold weather take extra precautions against cold.) *•
- Seasonable
f Underwear.
:) ■ ladles' - natural gray
At^ti^f *^L«. 1 ■ and white wool
_Z2t mixed underwear,
p unshrinkable, heavy
V J>\ TTIL quality, flat finished
wt tjUtj 4 t/v seams, Jersey ribbed
O^kvlßL-'lAw \p and fleeced, shirts.
' " high neck, long
\t^Pf n <T\C\\ sleeves, crochet neck
uW< I mNA and front: pants to
wt>\ 1 ' lar match, French cut,
■JCTjL\ '' 4VT ' button Bide, draw
MSmi s g l .."We
W£s3£^B*B» ladies' fine worsted
™G?sS£p£i£^ wool underwear,
fljMf heavy quality, Jersey
IHMT ribbed, ' pink and
«r black, extra «JT 1
Pl" (also rich muslin un-
derwear.)
course of twelve years. He quotes
similar statistics from Stich of Nurem
berg. Hutinel of Paris, and the Society
of Protection of Children, under his
own charge, in Madrid.
The Odor of Death.
Many people believe, says Knowledge,
that soon after death a peculiar smell
arises from the body. "There is death
In the house," old women will say. So,,
too, it Is well known that in some coun
tries ravens appear, oftentimes in large
numbers, almost immediately animals
have expired. It is easy to explain all
such phenomena by changes due to de
cay of the body; but the smell before
death, which is referred to as odor
mortis, Is not so easily understood. This
"death smell" attracts several species
of flies to the dying in certain seasons,
and the approach of death in a human
being or animal, if it occur at a time
of the year when these insects are in
active life, is said by some to be un
mistakably heralded by the determined
manner in which such flies settle on the
skin, especially in the region of the
nostrils.
According to many authorities the
smell is unappreciable to average nasal
organs, though not a few trained ob
servers are without doubt of its ex
istence. Of numerous cases which have
recently been put on record in the
British Medical Journal, one or two
may be referred to here, as they pro
vide sufficient ground for further in
vestigation. An apparently strong,
healthy nurse was suffering from a se
vere attack of typhoid, and toward the
end of the first week a peculiarly heavy
odor was noticed about the patient by
the doctor in attendance and since he
had noticed a similar smell in previous
fatal cases he felt anxious. Shortly
after the odor had been detected the
nurse developed other symptoms and
died.
Another physician records that hav
ing remarked the smell in the case of a
child, who otherwise did not appear to
be seriously ill, he regarded it as a sign
of most unfavorable import and sought
a consultation. The consultant thought
there was no cause for anxiety, yet the
child died within forty-eight hours.
These and other cases described by
medical men certainly give ground for
the belief that in some cases at least,
the approach of death is heralded by a
strange odor, though it is difficult to
understand exactly the cause ~>l its oc
currence.
SMART SET
DRINKS TEA
Fashionable Gatherings
Entertained by Mrs.
George Pope and
Mrs. Tubbs.
Society divided its time yesterday after
noon between the Pope and Tubbs teas;
and many of the same fashionable set
managed to lend their presence to both
of the elegant entertainments.
Several hundred guests paid their re
spects to Mrs. George A. Pope, at her
Facinc-avenue residence, between the
hours of 5 and 7. Much preparation was
made for their reception and the horns
was aglow with American beauty roses
and exquisite chrysanthemums.
Mrs Pope was assisted in receiving by
Miss' Carrie Taylor, Miss Caro Crockett,
Miss Helen Hopkins. Miss Edna Hopkins,
Miss Low, Miss Anna Head, Miss Bowie
Miss May Friedlander. Mrs. Murphy and
Miss Susie Blanding. ;
Mrs. Tubbs received at her Broad
HALES.
1 little notions %
easy to save on : o
o
ladies* fancy leather belts. 1H indie*
wide, with metal harness buckle; O
colors red, brown, tan and green 9c q
' white finishing braid, 6 yards for 4c ©
o
best quality bone casing, 3 yards for.. 4c q
white cotton tape, 2o roll; darning Q
cotton, ball 2c q
knitting cotton, 8c ball; cube pins.~_ 5c O
O. N. T. and Coats' spool cotton, T O
for 1 25c O
ladies' fancy frilled elastic side rap- O
porters, with metal buckles and but- q
clasp, per pair 100 *f
o
way home between the hours of 4 and
7. A profusion of seasonable blooms dec
orated the home. About 250 guests were
delightfully entertained.
Colonel and Mrs. John C. Currier aiM
Miss Hattie Currier have given up their
San Mateo residence tor the winter end
are now residing at 1804 Broadway In thia
city.
She Had Taken Poison.
Morgue Chemist Morgan yesterday re
ported to the Coroner that he had found
a large quantity of morphine In the
stomach of Mrs. Lizzie Wilkins, who died
on the 10th inst.. at 408 Jones street. A
half pint bottle of morphine found in
the trunk of the dead woman, and It is
known that she had been in the habit of
taking the drug internally to ease pain.
Party Postponed.
The guessing party which California
Rebekah Lodge had announced haa been
postponed on account of the death of a
member.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
n THE CREDIT HOUSE"
Six Siorits High
Mahogany Roman chair
— an article to fill a vacant
space with utility and
beauty .:.,..— .*. $190
A comfortable couch at a comfortable
price. Tufted Damask covering $350
Don't have your Thanksgiving tur-
key on a cramped table. Six-foot ex-
tension dining table,for 8 persons 52.45
Those Tabourettes make an accept-
able present for Christmas, and are
about the least expensive in furniture.
Oak or Mahogany finish, clover leaf
design 85c
The store is overflowing with holi-
day suggestions. Advance purchases
stored in warehouse for you until
time for delivery.
CARPET DEPARTMENT
The annex has given us a chance to
show our elegant assortment of rugs,
never possible before. It's a rug re-
treat. Excellent light— colors easily
seen.
A thousand rolls of new carpet on
the shelves. Worth seeing.
Free delivery. Oakland. Alameda, Berkeley
M. FRIEDMAN & CO.
233 to 237 Post St., S. F.
Open evenings Near Stockton